Yes! RT : Shout out for awesome headshots that are helping me get called in
Thanks for the heads up! I took your advice and changed password, ect.
Amen! Passive aggressive behavior...so last century!
So, Just comfirmed my band's first REAL tour to cali.
#2words Pocket Pole
What is your favorite thing to do on a summer afternoon? (We're almost there).
just put it in writing
Rumors describe Gen. Washington being frustrated at the number of enlistments for signing up for a campaign in 1776.
You're welcome honey, it sure was an adventure!
no problem! Please let me know if you ever need any help in manhattan!
#ItsCuteWhen some says can't sing... You obviously were dropped as a child :P Xx
Ew why is Fri so close to Monday but Monday so far away from Fri...
Follow me(:
Just saw my first White-nosed Coatimundi ever.
I will have some good news to share about the film on Tuesday.
I admire you your so... Dedicated to miley you are an amazing fan & MileyOnline is also amazing cant wait for LOLMovieMay4th
2/2 if you want to chat about it, I'm pretty much always on gchat: berman.alexander647
Congrats. Looking forward to your article and Jack's collection.
High winds throughout Albuquerque: piling clouds atop the granite Sandias, slamming every opened door, throwing a tree into a power-line.
I so so missed my sweet girls this weekend. Good to be home.
my dad won a satellite into main event, can he redeem the ticket for cash at the cage or tournament $?or does he have to play m.e?
“: This is why I love being home. Philly. BYOB. Best friends <3”
listening party today at my truck, Esmerelda, near the corner of Alta/Ocean in SaMo at 2:30. Jason Bentley may be spinning.
Wow - lots of activities in the South Bay today!
#cxo A8: Key takeaway. Bring more cookies.
crazy, right?! They have an agreement with stationary.com. Have you been to papersource?
okay if u say so
Sometimes all you need is 10 seconds of insane courage to change your life.
...wise words, catch the show!
Tucson, you disappoint.
Ah Rod...lace 'em back up my man!!! We're gonna win the only SuperBowl we've ever won without you!!
Lots of dog barky conversations going on in the neighborhood tonight. What are they up to?
We're going to tonite to see the curators of 5x5. Where will you be?
only when it NEEDS to be said bc the person you love doesn't seem to be getting it otherwise!
wummels cruise wife is opening a buisiness, is wummels financing it...haha
Yes, this is my goal too! Just completed a much needed nap. Eating dinner & then it's to the #team569 boards I go!
RIP Donna Summer
Angelina Jolie hitting the #RedCarpet looking boring as always in black... Time to mix it up a little Angie
Youll never know how much i love you.. :/
A customer told us her m-i-l misses oreos the most since being #glutenfree. Prompted us to make some oreo-like sandwich cookies. So good!
it's adorable really.
is online ...~ le thinks of something clever to him.
Late night, great night.
You know we're having an after party downtown right??
I can help you! I have been training! Just did a 5k yesterday! And there's a great Nike app you can get!
Who wake hates doing hw <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
my dad told me there were blizzards in texas right now so be careful when you go home <3
How would you like to be my sexy ass twitter wife?
thanks Bart. See you soon!
RT I heard they wanted to do an Asian version of Drive but there's already a movie called Crash.
At Fantabuloso, so far its a good show (:
PS- was in your complex yesterday for an audition- love the image of Buddah on the door: immediate Zen :)
Thank you for #FF!
Broke the barrier this am on my morning weigh scale may need new battery
#KING Louis tonight
Just starting to watch #RHOA reunion 3. Ok. Kim made a mistake. She is in a diff place now.
not really, ill know for sure in like an hour or so
I was just passing thru on my way to Indiana, like you:) Flew into South Bend for a family visit.
Wayne Gretzky, Don Cherry or Sydney Crosby to light the torch...one of them is a given.
Need to trim the fat, but so hard when I'm dealing with Pynchon, Sanders, Mailer, Reed, di Prima, and Burroughs. #totalassaultontheculture!
Chillin with alex
I want to hold you high, and steal your Pain.
Lmao , did u just say 'see u @ Le' Chucks'....I'm rolling down the hall in my chair, these people just don't knw, lol!!
Okay !!! Sorry guys about this horrible conversation with !!!
don't roll! Just press it out into the pan. Much easier.
I wanted to. I also wanted to ask him about the second wildcards. But they stopped questions before they got to me.
Eventually people stop giving a fuck...Even if you never expect it.
Thx !! Be sure to follow as well. Miss you! can't wait to have you and in class. Xoxo
This lady told me I should be a hand model :x
Hello, my name is Artlupie. It's been eleven days since my last tweet. I feel confident I can stay clean. Oh, shit.
I really cant explain it, but I like you without trying. I love the things you say, and how you never fail to make me smile(: <3
??? K made my night awesome!
haha, yeah right. I'm back on top of my game. Strawberry daquri in my hand. I don't mess around! Lol
A man should let his woman get hers 'fore he gets his
#Veep is full of hilarious lines. So good. Which means it'll probably get cancelled.
Im like fangirling over my fans right now i love you all so much.
The Drexel Xi chapter of Pi Tau Sigma won Outstanding Chapter Performance and Outstanding Chapter!
As you stare at me from heaven i know you still have a part of me that no one else ever will...why did you have to leave...and not take me?
So glad my puppies are on the mend.
It's a great day in
TL is dead, <U+270C>
i'm a dummy!
LoL, I think you may be right. I changed it from "up" to "down", but since it's West, perhaps "over" is better
very nice all you guys look beautiful ;) wow
Arts on Main is hosting an Art Gala on Tuesday, Jan 11th! Let me know if you would like to come or help set up
This FL/Marq game is fantastic! That dunk by Prather was even better!
A wise girl kisses, but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left.
Bought Matryoshka key chain for $1.99.Worth every penny!
Im home worst part of being home is i left my bookbag on the fuckin bus -___- now i have to go chase the fuckin bus down!!!
I hope my return comes today too!
I'm in love with you.
The personal values managers reported being the most under pressure to compromise to do their jobs successfully: 1. Family 2. Integrity.
Need help with your last-minute shopping? How about an autographed book for $10 or less? Or the Kindle, Nook, iPad, iPhone eBook version …
Is Austin going to re-put up all those fan posters in his new room in Miami...
USA threatening in the final minute!
Join us for a very special Survivor Talk with Sobibor survivor Thomas Blatt, Oct. 23 at 2pm at the
There are women in tech, we just don't get out much because we're busy coding up our products
i had the worst day today ..
Bryce Harper is looking like the real deal.
I didn't know until just now that you can STILL "poke" people on Facebook.
Thanks for the follow! We love authors and poets of all kinds. :)
Follow the speakers for these panels: Sports- Journalism-
Made it home safely.Ronnie Scott's was a blast!And so was Morocco and Mallorca.Great audiences everywhere!La vita e' bella.
much appreciation for the support of the Sea Things x Squadda collabos ... wonderin -- did you catch my remix of 72 Bus Stop?
I don't think they "get" the awesomeness that is Toms shoes...
look at all my tweets u will find 1 tht says tht
hot as shit.. Nice in the morning though
you got that shit don't even worry about it
But those are your people! I'm surprised he didn't ask you why your company needs a public API...
How will your Monday go? It's all in how you make it. Tell yourself you're going to have a good day& u will! #TheTamTeam xox
got a day off during spring book? Impressed. I can play LF compared to Ibanez & Jones
GOT MY PHONE CHARGED AND READY! MWAHAHAHAHAHA
And, as I kill houseplants, I rarely tweet about them! Not much to say except: yep, still dead. Repeatedly.
Still waiting #gimmecandy RT Me: "We haven't g-chatted all day." : "I know. Do you have any candy?"
Yay, thanks! Truly appreciate it.
Shakespeare was a rush and such an amazing experience. Now off to Grad Plays rehearsals!! Uncommon Women and Others. :)
What happened to the hot weather! ?
hey Austin, guess what?!!?!
Its was so great seeing you last night amazing show!
“: just killed another mouse! thats 3 in one day! how many are here?! :s” <<<It's a Mouse Massacre! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
dad is worried he'll be bored, and mom has health issues. But I'm workin' on 'em. Lol
So there's this kid, he's legitimately the cutest guy in my school.
#iWouldHaveCalledBut but i was busy #TeaBagging while drew out lines of blow on her back
Idea for my new mark/identity! Time to explore
Just met the intern. Is it really that time of year already?
love the pic you sent us!!! :) you know we have posters at our online store right?
Just started GoT Season 1 last night. I've been thinking about it all day.
performance tonight (:
dance moms marathon! (::
LOU CAN YOU RAP WITH ZAYN!?
That's awesome that there's a festival for saws! Is there a cost for the festival/workshop? Might have to check it out next year:)
We're extracting/updating the transportation layer in OSM. Could we use Benny's shp?
do you know why men name their johnsons? Wouldn't you want to be on first name basis with someone who makes all your decisions?
Hey #TeaParty folks: #DC Metro = socialized transportation. You might just want to walk!
I don't think do oh ya it has to pick up the pencil from a meter away I can help you sometime this week
In honor of #CincoDeMayo this weekend why not try our Loco Coco? Strawberry ice cream with coconut and cayenne pepper
I deffinitly got u I been sick as fuck past 2weeks but a lot better now.
I def learned that in terms of music. O_o
I'm hungry someone bring me some food!!! This hospital sucks :/
It's been an honor to work with the faculty, students and staff! The highlight of my time at #ucla so far.
Gay peeps: Be proud of who you are.
God. Im so tired. And sick. First im hot and now im freezing.!
#ThanksgivingParade I don't care that the SMURFS Blu-Ray at $25 comes out next month. More balloons, less product placement, deal? :-)
hey you. yes u . reading this tweet. ur beautiful and dont let anyone tell u different :)
I figured you still hated him. nothing major
I remember this by thinking of e.g. as "example given." RT i.e. = "by this I mean." e.g. = "such as the following."
Ha! Thanks very much :) See you soon.
aw I feel special now:)
in class now. They are excited that you are interested. And a little nervous.
I wanna get snake bites or spider bites lol xD
Freaked out by the music in J.Crew. A little too generationally specific.
I need to get in on that.
Thank You my sentiments exactly !
Shia LaBeouf's best role was in the Disney movie Tru Confessions
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Rebel - Ultra-lounge (live updates)
Did I fix it?? Sorry, I'm still working on this blogging thing :)
Want your mom to win a makeover?! Watch this space for deets from , & Major prizes, major pampering!
SOX: Another great game from the #RedSox in support of Felix Doubront (6 IP, 3 H, ER). Second straight win over #Indians by 4-1 score.
workin' on this dream..you been okay?
that really sucks hope he`s well
RT : Hermann Snellen (1834 – 1908) developed the universally used eye chart to determine a person's visual acuity.
I dub June the month of Latino Art in Austin!
Hi Nate, you'll need to make sure this is approved by before you can book. Thanks so much!
Great show with tonight. Thanks for getting us in!
I'm Norm and is Cliff at Jay's tonight.
thought I was working a 3 hour shift. Turns out it was 5 hours.
Hit "LIKE" if you really could use a longer weekend.
Checking out for the nite, Have a full day mañana, Peace and sweet dreams
Bacon jumped the shark when Denny's started putting it on sundaes
FOLLOW BACK? <3
Thanks Tim! RT : Sounds promising: Hypothes.is, new nonprofit open-source platform taking peer review to the Internet
that's right mr. swaggerific
All I want to know is where I am living and who I am living with 100%! Less than a month now...
Hologram athletes? Where does the madness stop!
damm girl u r fine m!
RT : Eating healthy is great but if you aren't sweating, in the gym, walking, running, doing cardio/yoga, you'll be defeated.
hey did hear one of your guests around 8:30am mention something about a deal with DirecTV getting done? Could this be Comcast?
Have questions for any of the bands on Warped? Let me know!!
haha you practically already have senioritis
MKG is filthy
I had one..its in collections but its only about $200 or so. I just haven't had the money to spare.
Thinking about how much we don't know about our own planet and the universe makes my head hurt.
I found the smoking section of the gym..I'm developing asthma from the 2nd hand smoke coming off the baby phat valour jumpsuits around me
negative...been here for about 7 years. I love the Rapids and I am also a Rockies fan.
Lolol you had forgotten to mention me in that tweet. :3
Why is the Food Channel always on when I'm working out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Its 3:30...Jagr is suppose to announce his decision
No one open any links on my twitter feed for a while till I figure out how to get rid of the twacker
You cannot talk people out of grief, there are no words that can help someone who is traumatized.
Changing my business name to Austin Windshields. progress is awesome.
I'm not a doctor, but I play one on TV. Guest starring on #PrivatePractice Thursday, 10pm with
The best way out is through. -Robert Frost
hello love :D
Gotta check out sparkfun.com
Next time you visit (or I'm in NYC) we must have an extended coffee-talk session. Lots of crossover in projects.
"Don't teach a man to fish, teach him how to grow more leafy vegetables!" -Alok Appadurai
An assistantship has opened up with MU Athletics! If you didn't see the email, you can email for more info!
yeah omgg do that.
What are One Directions twitter names??
Hi, I'm new to twitter. Come say hello...
Back to Madison, Back to work. Spring Break goes by way too fast!
Just had a great conversation with Boerne HS head coach, Kimble McHone. Super nice man & class act. His dad is Mo, CBA coaching legend.
“: Lol the resemblance is crazy. Ima start callin u lisa instead of shaki” lol no
Looking fwd to Safe. I love Jason Statham action films. :-)
Coming on the residential side is faux stone and tile looks!!!
"All you do is sit on that computer" LIES!! I sit on the chair ;)
ATTN: Employers and HR professionals: To recruit at the job fair or to get more info, email Kendra Oates at .
um, maybe it is waking up at 330?
lmao! it's a video
RT : Hahahaha! That it does, but you've helped make my day brighter! Thank you!
Seen it Nice call!
it's like a wrapped box, I just wanna know what's inside :P
Follow Me 2 the SHOP!
No - the whole store looked similar. The freezer was working just fine - everything in there was frozen. Not unusual for P St.
sweet. im doing great man, cant complain. Ill stop by for a couple drinks .
FOR THE RECORD, YOU'RE ALL ON NOTICE...JUST SAYIN
Tired of crying
When things don't work as planned <<<
these photos are ridiculously good!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
The #opposition runs around in #Syria #murdering for the #media & yelling #AllahuAkbar but theyre going straight to
just started working on the Tchaikovsky Piano Concerto No. 1
oh, I really like her dress in that first one. and the belt. not so much the product placement in that tweet
Finally a holiday just for me..
I wonder if #oomf still hates me??
Good Morrow Marti... Have A Wonderful Day
When certain events happen, everything becomes more clear.
Shit was wild! I was wanting to run the red light! And I saw car behind me looking around too like WTF?! Thank god the light turned green!
I think they should take Stephen Hill instead of Jeffery, then the center, then Janoris Jenkins, the CB from N. Alabama.
yess it's gonna be great
no, no, no just no. I can't. Sophie can't be gone, let's all pray that she's okay. oh.my.god
Paul Ryan, Sarah Palin, Mike Pence,etc...someone please jump in this race!
Some people pump themselves up for a workout with a good song..I prefer pictures of fat people eating
I know! Yes, anyone but NK.
Glad to be of service!
Country Natural Beef Ranchers will be here soon. Stop on by and say Hi! Also try a sample of our new 1/4 pound hot dog.
"You have forced Fireworks to quit." Au contraire, Fireworks: you forced yourself to quit. cc
No, would love to, but I am tied up here in Vegas this weekend.
Thanks Alisha. and = essential services!
-Oh! Hell yeah! :D
...good to know. I should probably let know a may be a BIT late....
I wear ties.
no i dont know how to. where have you been i miss you!
and finally Black Sunday.
you look like a monkey in your picture
margaritas who!!!!!!
thanks for the shoutout!
Gonna fall asleep with the simple plan pandora on lmao xD Goodnight :)
Caller Arlene in #CA52 says she's "never been more proud to be a Democrat as she is today" and that "we need in Congress!"
Yep, Friday works for me. And how the hell do you get service up there? Every time I'm up there it's like the stone ages. :)
#change is in the hAIR
I should huh is creepy! 0:
I blame America for this coffee addition. America. No. Bad country. No.
#letmetellyou , Please walk as close to the street as possible! #notkidding ;)
Best Buy...words with friends...HILARIOUS
Damn what an incredible ending to this man city vs OPR game geez this is nuts
dreams never come true
Thats some good reporting RT : Overheard in the media room at Miller Park: "The home plate umpire forgot his cup."
When your career hands you lemons...from Lora Kloth, research librarian at Credit Union National Association in Madison....
Looking forward to getting the papers and getting discount cards for Bring Hollywood Home
I actually NEED a small, super bright LED flashlight.
okay im mad
I'm ready to go man .
Maryland OKs Direct Wine Shipping - Governor to sign bill May 10
Building AC is out for the third time in 2 weeks. Heading out to work from home.
They (county, schools, etc) need to sit down w City and work out a solution that makes long term sense and everyone is a winner
#thatmoment I just want to tell someone to shut the Fuck up because I DONT want to talk to them.
saw a great pic of you and a Reese's Cup mascot. Okay, so you looked great - the mascot? a lil creepy... :)
what i need is you right by my side.
glad somebody caught that
Great, yet another awesome service will likely be shut down and turned into part of FB: Instagram.
Then may you be overwhelmed by the fact that this God loves you enough to give everything for you.
its Phillip Hawkins from Palms nightclubs las Vegas for Playboy|Moon|ghostbar|Rain. Show the message to get in free
When you hit someone bec. of distracted driving, it should come w/ jail time.
Top brands in July for prime-time TV integration? Under Armour, AT&T, Nike, and Chevrolet. Surprised Apple isn't in that group. (via )
No matter what your situation is the Lord will work it out! Keep praying!
Have you heard of ? It would make a great story for the paper. We just sent you an email. Have a great day!
Lakers looking solid tonight
Cupcake Wars!(: My favorite.
We will be in Milwaukee on Jan 20th at Red Rock Saloon on Water Street!
I AM AN UPCOMING MUSIC PRODUCER AND A STUDENT AT THE LOS ANGELES RECORDING SCHOOL.
you are now followed by me!:D
can everyone please comment, and subscribe my youtube channel? my username is; KelseyLuvsYou397
Ok, I'm up already, so there!
oh, you win! I've spent it on the couch.
I have lost the will to tweet...there's just nothing exciting going on. School...work....etc...
Hey it could happen. #exorcismsdaily Baha
House of Truth Nomination ceremony tonight. Get excited! Aint we women?
Tip for blogging: Research. Read what other bloggers in your industry are writing about, check out your competition and stay current.
listening now to webinar. great info about marketing plans, costing, & editing your line!
NAW NOT REALLY, I ASK DEE TO HOLLA ATCHA FOR ME, BUT HE GAVE ME INFO THAT I DIDN'T KNO BOUT... MY FAULT.. I STILL NEED HELP
Oh man is knocking it out of the park this evening
#CUAEF RT : #Africa must combat corruption and condemn other countries that do not uphold democratic values!
Remember what you do everyday counts!
Just go home from my J.O.B drank two enhanced cups of coffee at work. WOW who will want to join me next here in Hawaii?
Oscar Wilde was the original Lady Gaga
IT WAS SO GREAT.
Everyone lives a fucked up life, but there's others who have it worst.
actually I'm right down the street from Le Moyne lol
RT “: Working out is more difficult at night & in the morning. Just sayin! Always difficult.”//Even harder while holding a donut!
Getting ready for my performance at Luther's Table Gala Dinner and Fundraiser in Renton, WA. I love this life.
#Maddow meetups = awesome! Had fun with today :D
dammit, gotta waste the time
Riesling showdown: germany vs france vs austria vs my ringer: tasmania!
follow me cause your awesome!!!!! And cause I love you!!!
Back at work after #mcn2011 and realizing what a cool group of people I met. You all are the best! Missing the comradery already!
At #hispz12 film screening in little havana. Viva independent #film!
#Linsanity to #NBA=K.Warner to #NFL. Only diff: Warner had to win a SB for nat'l media to notice. Lin just had to win 2 games for a NY team.
So excited for Sunday!! #KUWTK #finally :)
INT. NIGHT - DIVE BAR. A man sits in a dark booth. Drinking. He has the crazy-eyes. He has been solving a problem. #howsthewritinggoing?
You are great On the celebrity apprentice
is lost without #Uconn to tweet about. Oh wait, I just did. #Huskynation =
I'm pretty confident I could find out anything about someone on the internet. That's how excellent my creeping skills are
h so apparently a new iphone is coming out tomorrow? #of course
still there?
stalkers mean ur famous! Can I get ur autograph?? Haha
ooh! i can't wait to see the wildcard option!
have no idea :P BAHAHAHA(: but i love
Congrats to UT alumnus Rich Middlemas on his Oscar win for Best Documentary! He produced the documentary "Undefeated."
Awesome, isn't it?
slutty boy gang
Evening Reception,Minister of Arts&Culture from the #Republic of South Africa. Friday, March 23,2012 :30pm,Carnegie Building,Howard...
How to get black people to not take wisconsin seriousley- make a song called "teach me how to bucky." ...Oh....Wait...
Glad we could help. Thanks!
Like ping pong!? You can play while you wait at Snooze Hillcrest!!
Ugh mornings
---dude. thanks again for stopping by on sunday. hope all is well.
Cant wait when MB make new songs!! been waiting for a long time!
Oh good. is doing a phish concert at home. I'm running away to 's place.
Congratulations 2012 SKINS Writers.1st workshop is tomorrow! thanks to the supporters
I've got 4 boys; they isn't a single Air Hog they don't luv! RT : Which Air Hogs vehicle is your all time favorite?
Clearly, because they thinking buying congress is cheaper than paying their taxes. Sadly, they're probably right.
But as for me and my house, we will rock the command line.
I'm so sick of this.
so true you evil sithlord
party like rockstars, gents!
and thank yu 4 the support
Tomorrow is a brand new day to get shit done.
hell yeah, i'm ready to get my first one.
Um, I'm loving how Laura Linney is dishing on Downton Abbey before the PBS airings.
I want to just lay here and pretend nothing happened, but that shows I'm still hurting and i'm not letting you win this one bitch.
I am trying to understand the budget needs of CFSA.
got stolen at walmart
of course they did they never look out for rodgers but if it was favre or brady there bitch asses wouldve got it
After much due diligence I have chosen Union Rags, if you don't know what I'm talking about please educate yourself.
I may walk next door and check... if i see em taped to the wall i will take a picture and post it! :)
1 day before my last #hyperlib assignment is due (aka my last library school assignment EVAR), and I get the Blue Screen of Death. Seriously
I'll take my share, don't mind not a selfish twart here.
Dick Armey tells that he fears #Gingrich has turned 2nd class campaign into a 1st class vendetta.
Senge - business is about making profit but not its reason for being; purpose is greater than making money
Haha. #orioles went with a prerecorded organ version of the Anthem. Minor league ball at its finest.
How many pennys that you have in your pockets or purse with your date of birth check now and start saving retweet
Thank you to all our new followers! New and exciting updates coming soon! The anthology horror film lives!
yeah cause he's acting like you just a liddo worse.:o
Happy Halloween (:
"We are with the #Syrian people in their struggle for freedom" -Aung San Suu Kyi
Faygo is hiring at its Detroit plant: $12/hour, 40 hours/week plus overtime, AND all the Rock 'n' Rye you can manhandle? Career change time?
#middlefingerup to the
MT : If you have 1,000,000 FB likes, fine. But, what's the ROI of the work you did to get there? = my #book2 q
I see !!! Congratulations! I love you!
No cuz they don't want us to pass out too many due to "limited supplies". I just ask if they want to reg to vote, or if they moved.
My hurricane advice for dc folks. Don't park near trees. I saw cars squashed when isabelle came through.
Anyone for a drink-a-doodle-doo?
I had a great time
next time you're hacked just try changing your password first. Sometimes that does the trick...it's a hassle though.
roger that!!
Get yo Ink Game Right
nothin much just been working. What's good wit ya!!
omg oIM SOO HAPPY FOR YOU (: tweet me a picture :)
I need something exciting to do today!
Does a Talk Shoe Live icon pop up before the show? I assume I click to access.
Thank you!
How do you like backblaze?
ah. Sorry i miss that. Got some reporting code to fix. But I will definitely be at TEDxSJCA and would love to meet the curator
Its losing the ones that you know you should have won that hurt the most. Makes you ? Everything frm how u pract. to how u gm plan.
Primaforce Syneburn, 10 mgs per cap. Bottle says take 1 1-3 times daily. It just sounded so low, that's why I wanted ur opinion
Cheap Golf Carts Become Available At Golfers Advice Ltd. Cheap golf carts become available at Golfers advice Ltd. The new range of stock
Which method of the police operational strategies is the most effective?
The secret of golf: Use your real swing to take the big divot, use your practice swing to make the shot, and always hit the do-over first.
Thanks to the new Granite City Brewery in Troy for listening.
I can't blame you lol
Romans 10:17 So then faith comes by hearing, and hearing by the word of God
Lol who doesnt love the bieber boy.
Thanks for the photo S/O's. All my snaps are accounted for :)
its Irish, no?“: dolly west's kitchen dir by Need a hard drink after this bus ride#LAthtr”
cant wait for that.. i am going to go crazy when i here the new you (mature you)
I wish I had a friend in real life that was obsessed with JB as much as I am, and had a twieber too :c
RT if you actually enjoy reading our tweets
I got it and forwarded it to Patrick
don't forget your prune juice old man
Very Pregnant Jessica Simpson Rocks Sky-High Spiked Heels Über pregnant? No problem, because these heels were made for walking, honey. De
omg they sexy but they cut off right know so yeah they cute
Obviously this isn't your first rodeo. Hope to see you guys at our shindig tomorrow night!
yikes, that's a doozy.
ha no kiddin. We need to set up a time to Skype
So glad to see this written up. We loved it!
dear , please get your shit together. you're putting a major kink in my to-do list here.
does your inspiration come from Brick?
Love them< 3 they look amazing on you < 3
Awesome balcony! Ocean Drive?
Michelle is at Bunco. I'm convinced "Bunco" is code word for Wine
hahahaha heck no!
I know I can't save the world. But I sure as hell am going to try.
It's a rainy weekend in the "ATL" and I am on I-285 doing only 35mph with the rest of these slow drivers. I think they need some Xtamina ...
abouta go to pinkberry with my cousins and bro <3
But i mean , it is what it is
Thanks Alexandra for the support! Yes, keep listening to us, lol.
What's up with the whole spoon full of cinnamon...
I love to watch movies. Especially,when im in bed, snuggled up with my stuffed animals. Have you seen the new lion king movie? :)
And I love how one is just biting the other one. Feisty.
I going on the bus when it's raining , wet and gross
I notice random things on my timeline. Sometimes hard to keep up with it all. Enjoyed reading it. Sleep well
there is an open seat for you at the bar right now at :]
What is the ghetto bird Looking for in my son's nursery?
like I said, not taking sides... Was just providing opinion that a follow sounds appropriate
*hugs* thanks!!
When a relationship fails, it’s both their fault. One for giving up and walking away. The other for not stopping them.
*slurks with humans toward English by Foreign Languages*
check yo inbox
Wait for it... wait... here it comes... SPIRIT FINGERS!
good for you!!!
You break my heart every time we say goodnight...
can you buy you're self tanner st tr at local drug store where? Also never heard of bra brand where can you get those thx
"The ball is tipped and there you are, you're running for your life, you're a shooting star"
Watching Drake and Josh.I missed that show
THREE MORE AMAZING ICONIACZ FOLLOW AND I'LL DM MIKEY AND VINNY FOR YOU! :D
Hi That's indeed very nice! Do you integrate technology in your classroom?
Thanks for following!
Big ups to my tweeples for following me throughout this tourney! Thanks!
LADIES IF YOU LOVE FOOD YOU BETTER KNOW HOW TO COOK! Top Ramen and basic spaghetti with jar sauce doesn't count
Every sports outlet is going in on Lebron... If u r a Miami hater I would suggest u let the giant sleep. Let's Go Heat!!!
call me bruh!!
Shout out to my NF. She is a dime! ;D
just leaving.
At the doc
sure! How are you? I think about you all the time. How is motherhood? We should get coffee soon!
Seattle bound for the day with !
TWO MULES FOR SISTER SARA tries to make up for PAINT YOUR WAGON by going back to the Leone well, including a flute-heavy Morricone score.
Who up
Let's get this trending #UWWGTB September 13.
One word;
Give me some of those followers please? Shutout!!
true that I forgot twitter was alive
Sunny San Diego and it's freezing!
it's clearly east liberty....but my money is on it ending up as the new "east side"....
RT : #sloancres turning over to Kay Shattuck, Quality Matters program
Oh yum. That sounds so good right now.
Mary Kay & Seventeen magazine have teamed up to visit US college campuses to let co-ed women know about our fantastic products
I know!! I was thinking about them earlier and how much I missed them then I was unpacking and felt something in my coat!!
It would mean the world to me if would reply to at least one of my tweets. I LOVE HIM!
Love coming up with a biz idea that everyone you run it by can't find glaring flaws in....
I miss underground parking
Trying to compose a tweet about the silent conversation/sitcom moment I just had with and , but no words do it justice.
I see from your #birdclass tweets that you're still using Twitter in class. I'm going to mention it in a talk Wed.
I really don't feel like getting ready...
So the straight guy that I thought could be gay and am obsessed with was making out with his GF, like I heard kissy noises and all
FRESHMAN.. & U?
Game over, Facebook. Game over.
I will :) !! You too happy holiday !! Love you !
#AAS3rdcentury Because historians don't, by and large, care about specific texts & textual diffs?
Thanks for the meeting today! Always awesome to hang with Michigan entrepreneurs.
Every time a guy gets picked I feel like I'm watching the start of Chris Rock Bring the Pain.
have you met Bourbon_Turban_Jeff you two would get along
i meant fat old man
love follow fridays!
6:00am Saturday morning & I'm wide awake?? I guess that means it's time to do some work...
Visit Us Today 11am-3pm to taste & purchase chocolate. They handcraft exquisite chocolate products with natural ingredients.
#ThingsIThinkAboutWhileTextingYou I wish I could tell you how I really feel. Ill just posted on twitter and hope you realize its about you
yes omgomg want
Finally caught a bus but it was so crowded I had to stand in the stairwell.
Why does that dude have a beast mode sign? Is Lynch there?
Drama comes in many forms, ask misery.
VONA (Vikings Of The North Atlantic) star and left gaurd for the New York Giants is starting tonight. Tune in.
Awesome awesome time spring snowboarding. Good bye Wintergreen, see you next year!
Shutter island <U+2764>
"From what we know, planes and geese don't mix" -a Fox 5 reporter on a JetBlue plane hitting two geese today
These Boys Supa Weak !!!
And...SLP IS FINISHED!!!
Happy Easter! I hope everyone is having a great day! :-)
FYI..Children's passports are valid for 5 years. So, when it expires you need to apply for a new child (minor's) passport.
was so tired at school today, only got 3 hrs of sleep, so glad its over and i can make up some z,s tomorrow
Then get one! We'll hook you up with some free ones soon!
If you want to prove anything, prove that you're professional.
Thanks for the RT !
Very, VERY excited about the pressed base that I just got! It's superb. Thanks and !!!
Haha. Comfy old shoes and brunch at noon. There are lots or great food happy hours here. Props to #Seattle for that one!
haha people on there take way too much way too seriously
Congratulations to and Shefali on the birth of their daughter!
thank you, large accomplishment!
annoyed of those LIKE IF Pictures I don't be liking shit How the fuck is a like on social network called Facebook Gonna help the situation
Im so pissed off right now.
I need some more tats
Lee just transformed me into a pile o rubber 1st work out I hope I can move later!
Trivia night with all the best friends from back home!
says the kid who cried about his foot.
You expected they'd be talking about all the hookers and blow they did last night, instead? ;-)
Now that Austin follows I hope he saids me spam mail and I see it on my DMs(: <3
#youwerecooluntil i gave you both of my helping hands and you chopped both of them off.
sorry I posted an Rt I thought was your tweet. My bad
And then there were two! Congratulations to 's Wolfie Jr. and ' Buzz for making it to the final round!
The University of Texas has stood strong since 1883. It'd be nice if MLK Blvd. wasn't the DMZ line.
no someone stole my awesome and have had forever shirt from awe
Houston and all of your friends here misses you! Please talk to them and let me know!
We've narrowed it down to BaseCamp vs Lean-To #projectmanagementsftware. Anyone want to tell me one is incredibly better than the other?
Broxton says sit the fuck down #Rangers!
I'm bout to lol
That was a long meet and now I'm off to go get me a cup of coffee~BAMM.
I'm making my first trip to Chicago soon. Ever been?
I guess
Dear espn, no one cares about #tebow or #sanchez. They both suck. Stop talking about them.
true bro but he's gonna have to score more in next round
true enough, but they lost some swagger. Temple wasn't even in the top 25.
It's #writingsprint time. GO! GO! GO! See you in 60min!
Tonight the President will call on #Congress to make permanent my American Opportunity Tax Credit for $10K and 4 yrs of college
#JerseyBoys Lookin and Sounding Great at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway
cotton candy. yum
still have a brand new external iphone battery for ya if you want it. i can drop it off wherever!
trash bag + grocery store = win?
I think tre might still be salt. Psychological trauma of lil bros beast session on him...he might not recover.
Thanks for the #FF ! And thanks for reminding me that it's Friday. WhooHoo!
Ate a *delicious* pork chop at 12th Av Grill in Honolulu. Feeling sleepy--I thought it was the pork & then remembered it's 4:25am in NYC!
Yes sir its bomb im in the best shape of my life! RT : you still doing insanity? I'm thinking about doing it.
Email us. Yes
You're a woman you're meant to choose not be chosen
Doug Collins at the podium.
We love the even thought the hard times.
Enough is enough. Time to bring my "A" game! BEASTMODE on CHEST, SHOULDERS & TRICEPS today.
Damn! Hook a brother up!!
Edited all day on a tutorial for new researchers on identifying sources. I love it. I can't wait for it to be published.
wish I was at show tonight...
knock him out
How's your little patient? aka the Queen lol
#RISE above it!
We're updating the app for iPad. Any specific feature requests?
Thanks, Jack!
lol I was gonna say. I'm pretty sure I parked next to #FTT's vehicle
NWST: breaks down what to do with struggling #Mariners and on #Seahawks Draft and QB situation. 930 11pm KONG
Denverites! Judy Hale is presenting tonight on professional credentials, certifications & more. Which ones benefit you? www.ISPI-FRC.org
RT If we’re all publishing content, who’s reading it? simplyzesty.com/social-media/i… via
Hey I would futs wit it!!!
Just consumed 980 calories in Somoa #girlscoutcookies. Crap! (Yet, so delicious!)
You should find a good fish fry we can hit up on Friday
Alphabetical indexes are the exceptions to the topical section rule
Nothing worse than the "butt in""I gotta go" girl
They are amazing! :)RT : The way my family just accepts him is SO great. I think they might even love him.
People took Advantage of Mike..It wasnt right
Today I'm paying my respect to all the women if I see you tomorrow you will receive a hug from me *HAPPY MOTHERS DAY* to you all
Next post: Jintetsu Versus Must Pro #sc2 Video #protoss Vs
I used to be a goodboy, now i'm normal.
Ugh. Foggy, humid and 65 here now. Storms a-brewin'. (I'm in Dunkirk now apparently - LOL)
Dean Smith...and at least when asked about Belichek, Revis didn't say cheater...but should've...
Meet me in the park chasing dandelions... no, really
I'm the manager at my job know and I'm single lol
Vikings are scrambling to find a QB to play this weekend. If you have any fantasy players from Minn. it could be a tuff weekend.
I agree...that man was on that canoli like I dont even know
Dang my sis is always taking pics of herself
Finally got the fight on! Grr dumb directv!
Haha I understand. I'm not at home now, but I can make you a copy of One Night With You.
I'm glad Robert had his scope. As it turned out, he didn't have cancer but they did find a manuscript I had misplaced last year. :)
For the first time in history the comedian has been compelled to supply himself with jokes and comedy material to compete with the machine
Finally back in Vegas!!!
im not mad at you. we just never talk. lets talk. now. since your here. i like your name too.
tell me what is wrong?
RT Plz dont ask ppl U dont know to give U a referral on #in. U should only ask ppl who can legitimately endorse U
HAPPY SWEET 16 AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE!!!!!!!!
I ask because you linked me to your agency.
Thankful for who is at the store getting what I need for a quick trip to Atlanta in the morning...
RT ": Kevin Durant is good." //you're just NOW realizing this? Where u folks been?
I didn't know you play for the Hornets! :)
yall are so sweet,yall are giving me a tooth ache(;....
Proud of UofL...Now we're only a UK win away from 1 of the biggest sports weeks in this great state's history.
Joe Scott will be on Mile High Sports Radio on Drivetime with Mac & Doog this afternoon at 4:20 p.m. MT
Who's in Weston?
Safe travels!
Let's hang out soon? I want to possibly have some friends over and play old school sega whilst wearing sombreros.
Are you a Chicago member? Section is looking to feature some members in next newsletter. Msg/DM 4 details.
Its all these people with their cotton candy eyes
LOL yeah i know(;
In some cases, redaction fees are having an impact on reporting.
Thank god my man is ok just a little stress sorry love wish I could take all your pain n problems away
~ thanks -ICE!
SO RAD!! I wanna live in your world!!
Boo to bad news! Wish you were here ! Would have loved a lil' chitchat =)
out for his second leg in 3 hours....the pains of running #bourbonchase with 10 people.
thanks for the follow. really solid blog. we will be filming Jax shortly want to team up and do a wine pairing?
I'll buy the shoe's if U come 2 ky!! J/K
How do you like them apples Obama? MT : Matt Damon, Ben Affleck & John Krasinski are hosting a party for our campaign.
Bloomington Aces and Allies will be walking in Circle City Pride, June 9th and would love to coordinate with asexuals at Purdue
Madison Firefighters responding to a fire in the 900 block of John Nolen near Rimrock
Can an "Encino Man" MTV twilight-esque series be far behind?
Working on my next blog!
so u like pretty bum bitchess
It's not so much about multitasking as about good focus with rapid ability to re-prioritize
When people don't mind their own business -_-
yeah. thanks. I thought so too.
Yep! Needs to change! RT : Been too long since I've seen &
Are you lonely ?
Let's go ocho
It's dangerous when u tell ppl to go to a school they can afford. Top univ need to be affordable, period.
When are they gonna start showing new episodes again?
Umm hey Ent Tonight...the Titanic was real! Just saw a commercial for a segment about "The real life titanic" in Italy. People are so stupid
just saw my first vagina with these new glasses - wow.
Yeah I still mess it up plenty, but I love no longer being at work and realizing I will miss a show.
thats because IT IS life
Independent league Worcester Tornadoes signed 47yr old Jose Canseco to a 1yr contract #theresstilltimeforyou Lol.
Leveraging social dimensions of libs themselves. I learn a lot by seeing the sets of objects my students are putting together.
i know right! im good and u?
you're making your own. (we already stole Adrienne Dawes back too :P)
Got a UK UL erupption zone ticket for sale, throwing in the other tickets from the lottery as well.. let me know if youre interested!!
Kingdom Life Fellowship Church meeting this Sunday for the first time at WVSU JAMES C WILSON UNIVERSITY UNION 10:30am!!!
Time to take over with
#WOW! RT : The came back from 27 down to beat the 99-98 on and take a 1-0 series lead.
It's never too late to become what you might have been. -George Elliot
RT : Facial hair is not for everyone. A hairy upper lip certainly isn’t everyone’s cup of tea (or beer, in this case):...
Max greens new album containing With or without you Look on your eyes Whispers of me Your brought this on yourself Last day And some more
Don't make me mad and then tell me to calm down. That's like shooting someone and asking why they're bleeding.
Why are so many fathers proud on prom night? Do they not know that they're daughter is gonna get fucked by some crusty teenage boy later?
"Today we have one goal in mind, how to make the 21st century, the African century" South African Ambassador to Washington D.C.
The customer’s first impression is the most important if you want them to return.
lol what u bringing cookies?
what efforts are underway to combat the sales tax & employee issues for yoga studios? Would like to fight this.
Honesty is the best policy Benjamin Franklin
sorry , I have to..
I need some food stamp connections.
I is in pain...
Spring Season for The Constitutional starts on Thurs. 4/1. Tours will run daily through November. Check www.phillywalk.com for schedule.
are you sure you R at the right place! Sounds like it has another word before hospital!
I hate it when the prettiest people be like "Oh I'm so UGLY!" Like have you seen yourself!? You're freakkin gorgeous!!
lol but sidelines may just get their turn if the main fall off
I think my dad likes more than me
the world needs to know how drawsome you are.
A big thanks to Jackie and all who made it out for the trunk show this past weekend!!
My favorite Beastie has died :(
live-tweeting uva-miami game tonight. #gohoos by which i mean heckling uva & miami fans alike from nosebleed seats.
The perfect end to a perfect day… George Killian and I are getting to know each other watching cruise ships pass Whidbey Island.
what if you arrive in Cinci at 8am? Is skyline chili still your first meal there?
Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better. ~Albert Camus
and his song Kyle are performing and they killin
"Networking is not about going to an event; it's about an attitude of engagement." -
"the great flood" by Bill Morrison and Bill Frisell at Zankel hall. Just saw it, it was great.
And yes I realize that's old news. But it's never too late to congratulate someone. (Also I did literally just find out right now.)
nice!! “: IMNYC training begins! Yoga yesterday, swam today, weights and running tomorrow. Long 8 months ahead! #IMNYC”
I might. What time is it?
Baltimore Bocce has made it to Twitter...End of Season party this Friday at Don't Know Tavern,8-11pm. $2.50 bud light and $4 sweet tea!!!
Just in case text bombing her at midnight wasn't enough, I wanna wish a happy birthday!!! Yaaaay adulthood! ;)
lol you ain't missing nothing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Watching the Japan disaster show on Nat Geo.....in absolute shock.
Power outages reported throughout the winter storm warning areas in West Virginia.
already given away about 5 min ago. :(
how about Harvard grads have more money ?
#Fact RT : You can tell a Laker fan their shoes are untied and their default response will still be
Always good to get a jump on a great day for women!
John Raese opens 7% lead in #WVSen. Now leans #GOP in latest BOP.
#POW lol RT #Sagittarius signs are nice until their not... And when their not you need to get out of their way.
I love cheap Target ones. But then I like to rotate, and I tend to either sit on or lose a pair every few months.
i miss Huey and Riley...animated
I'm so sick -_-
follow back please? :]
debating whether I want to go to my 20th reunion. Any help?
The first wealth is health. Ralph Waldo Emerson
I can't blame you, especially now. I seen a WFoods in Boston having some hiring event next week in the metro. I might apply
interview part? wtf!? I wasn't there last tuesday -.-
" I miss all my old friends, you know who you are" - my first status since 2011
Stop bustin my peanuts
say its not da truth doe. Cuz wen ppl b quick to say here go threw it. It cuz Dey know nothin n there. Shady but true
Where online can I find the local band listings? I think it's called "Weekend Guide" in print. Been searching.....
hopefully this will b my last link ques. Can u piggy back links from sheet 2 sheet or should they all b linked directly 2 source?
A custom muppet?!?! That is amazing! Did you get one?
jesus motherfucking tits-on-a-cactus christ, we are all so very, very lucky.
I think it may be time to push legislation to outlaw hoodies.
Aight while I wait for this session, let's have some fun... Pro Tools Trivia... Anybody game?
yeah i guess i heard wrong. Not that terrible of a thing, at least B1G should be strong and entertaining again
the beginning of the end for #SOPA was Congresspeople saying "we don't understand the internet, but we're gonna regulate it anyway"
proven to be reliable, affordable and an expert IT solution provider company. We have experinced Mobile application developers in all areas
making t-shirts. gonna sell them, making my own business :)
Most students struggle with defining a good research question that they can address within the scope of the class
BECOME A FAN ON FB @ SLOBBERSNAKS.COM
missing everything. Have to ck when the replay is tomorrow
you were amazing out there today ! :)
True love begins when nothing is looked for in return. ~Antoine De Saint-Exupery
listening to newboyzzz where you at
#AustinInMexico please come to mexico
I like the future
Dan shulman and the Bulldog are solid.
bitches procrastinate. yep. why do i curse on the internet? because i'm a procrastinating bitch that has nothing better to do. YA
Grow Hair Now, thanks for following
DS: lining up to go for it??? I have no fucking clue how i feel about this call. Making me ponder it with that timeout isn't helping LOL.
Every day i read news about that makes me fall more and more in love
When you are working for your self, you need to plan your work and then work your plan. Works everytime.
moving ahead
You are the one that needs to be safe kiddo!!!
("God" let me, __________________________???????????)…
After tonight? One. But it's gonna be a hell of a performance.
Just dropping in to say thanks for the follow. I love to retweet good marketing tips for artists.
puta!!! in a blink of an eye my team lost FUCK!!!!!
I do love my Throat Coat tea!
Your music will thake you somewhere as long as you share it and not with just friends but the world :)
#winning lol. Need me to bring something?
The pictures are beautiful
Curiosity kills the cat. Ouch!
since the USA is poor without many funding sources how about fed sales tax 1-9cents we have tax on gas already... vote!!!
Dropped my phone over the weekend ...the inside of the screen is damaged but not cracked.
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Sander Van Doorn - Riff (Hybrid Heights BTLG Remix)
I wanna go running with my momma. :-) Lbdas.
Miami Heat goes for 18 straight home wins against the Memphis Grizzlies. Miami is favored by 7.5. Tip-off is at 7:30pm on Sun Sports
that you fell for because she was everything you lacked, gave love and inspired people, and because you didn't feel she'd return your favor
Theology! like WTF.
I will take a page from the Elena handbook
You guys know that Feige talked about signing him for two movies already, right?
Wife is drunk off of 2 mixers. I am starting to get a good buzz rolling. 1.5 hours to game time.
nevermind found new schedule - no practice wed
80 journals and 20 univ presses have signed up to provide content in this 'freemium' model. MIT libs are considering subscribing
Ari Gold > Bobby Flay. That fight would not even be close.
u ball??
Saw a friend today at the mall and she said "hey have time to talk? and i looked at her and said,.."Are you kidding!
At the pace with Mama Carrino && my baby little :) Lovinnnnn' the life :)
Hey! I just took a course on Route 66! If you're looking for stuff in ABQ, let me know - I'm obsessed with the old motels...
ohh I know I am!! But he is undeniable and my girl emotions want him!
Nope, I just got outta the bath tub and I'm pulling an all nighter / saving that for later
It sounds like a club for people who like to eat fast food a lot
But only after they've got your seminars under their belts!
and yes will do next time. Have a good time wherever you will be. =]
Kind of biased, but love him. Can count the # of times he's gone down on first hit on one hand. Always produced with no line.
To all my followers that I don't talk to......hi!(:
I don't need u tellin me and the next chick the same shit....
We need a lot of experiments, because a lot will fail. at
“: Instead of "It's all about the U," Miami's new slogan should be _____” It's all about the $
You guys got any room for a old timer?
Looking for a carpenter/artist/builder type who will help us build a smallish custom bakery case. Please contact me at
yup from what I hear.. But they're free <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
well I would but I may have to take your cat as extra payment.
Pepsi spent $3.5 million on that?
Please follow my new account :]
Our weekly line-up..Friday: & Saturday Msg for tables/parties! #2012 Lets Party!!
sex is not even an option anymore.i cant even imagine another touching me unless im truely sure & the ring is pretty :^)
Ready to get this Holiday Partay started y'all! Let's do this! :P
said this before but ARodgers is the better singer who took over the band but was not as effortlessly awesome & cool as previous 1
your sweet16 was the funnest one I've ever been too <U+2661> love you so much your absolutely flawless xoxooxo
naqri?? Nahh i aint that chill with her. We're not really friends we just live on the same street
your picture of you and Ariana is going to be in BOP magazine???
Feb. 25th, The Method Film Festival, hosting a Sneak Preview Party to announce the film lineup. "Turn Around", Kelly in lead role.
I am who I am and I don't change for anybody(:
Ew math!! Good luck dear! You will do <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Someone should take your wallet away before you hurt someone
With Pitt RB Ray Graham going down, former #Badgers RB Zach Brown takes over. Hoping he does well - guy deserves it
I'm super excited to visit for some new photo props today! Thanks !
Just Listed: Wild Card Hits .com -
Love how #1 pick Blake Griffin is playing a consumer to a game of S-U-B-W-A-Y, a la H-O-R-S-E today at the Cage on West 4th Street in NYC
James Worthy and Jim Hill together must have more buttoned buttons per jacket than any other pro sports analysts in the game today.
Summer Concert line up for me/Atlanta june 7 july 2 yea.
Sounds like pretty good fantasy advice to me :)
idk either maybe to see exactly what he had to defend himself against. He knew something was coming but not exactly what
Thank you for following!<3
No one says it better than Sam Clemens!
And the Knicks win it. Huge victory & closing in on the playoffs! Too bad Lin can't get back in the game. NY needs to fire on all cylinders!
I hope my bro Robert come down for the summer.
Congrats! You got a baby for Christmas. Gift that keeps on giving...for 18 years or so.
Wow! Those flowers are gorgeous. Stunning color.
If we can't get John Short on Twitter, someone needs to start a fan page!
I agree with , but can't RT the guy until he can fight w real punches. #askMarcStaal. Either way, #racism has no place in hockey.
I love drinking budweiser
Doing my driving times with my nigga !
Guns, car chases, explosions...good music video for Payphone all in all
"Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak. Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen."-- Sir Winston Churchill
Sleep is a crucial member of the "live long & healthy" family. Lots of healing in a good night's sleep. Thanks for reminding us all!
I caught myself singing the song to one of my babies. That song is not allowed by my rule. I can't get attached like THAT. sniff
For whatever reason, u have continued to maintain a list w only my name. I am reporting your stalking 2Cox Vegas president
Made of colors and music
dude, since May 2nd I've spent $700 on her and it's only freaking May 17th!
No one understands my love for Eben except Claudia. Like seriously.
Sounds good, thanks for listening!
we are taking further steps towards being #paperless and more #green in 2012. What steps are you taking?
Bouta smoke a bowl like yea!!!!!
#dailyadvice make your baby wear CU gear to look smart and cool.
At my aunts :)
They gave up on calling holding 2 years ago, too.
Going swimming <U+E404><U+E048>
Everybody is different. One person may feel the benefits with only 250mg whereas someone else may need 500mg.
lemme know what you think!!
Bourbon, maybe. But rum or tequila is perfectly acceptable and should see you through. ;)
Will somebody please bring me chocolate... I'll pay you.
or me. Yall have done something my family hasn't. Tht day was just not myself... I kept everything in and it just piled up more and more ...
I hope is having a great time at prom! We missed you today!
What a reprieve! here I thought a project was due today, it's not til next week - shall celebrate by painting another room
My trip to the Mother land was amazing.
Twitter is for beasts :)
If anybody needs prayer or a friend, feel free to talk to us!
Nope! RT : then again, is it ever too hot for chocolate and peanut butter?
thank you!!
Great new initiative on being fearless - would love to hear more over coffee some time? Am new Comm.dir at Ashoka US.
Homeland security official guilty of fraud - CBS News
Done with his BS.
Bottom line is, you the finest.Give you a new name. wat that ,wats that, MY BITCH! :)
What a great week! Thanks Universe! ;)
RT RT : Saving up for a mixer and getting back into my house music again.
ME ME ME ME
Thank you for the SHOUT-OUTS!
and of course..it fascinates u.haha
clip full of dicks here, take this queer.
Which means i nap once i get home :-)
"BITCH U WASNT WIT ME SHOOtIN IN THA GYM"-(fuc kobe's ec wife) lol shit bitches do wen u get a pretty penny
IN TACOMA I.M OFF 2DAY ITS SO BEAUTIFUL SPEND ALLDAY OUT RAINS HERE MOST THE TIME,,,
Hey PGH! Open yer pubs & whisky bottles Tap your kegs & pull down your stools Were coming thru & we're thirsty fucking bastards!
Aww get better soon !it's not good for you to be sick, you can't melt the hearts of millions like you always do! Get better!
How does one get an invite to check out the new Google+ ? How about a response. Asking again.
A number of soldiers returning home at the gate next to mine. Lots of cheering and applause. Very cool.
blue and okay that's fine with me :)
mother's side came in through south America and came here 2 generations ago following the revolution in Cuba (bad guys)
be there soon!!
I guess white people can't hold there liquor hah my boy Josh was super drunk tryna fight niggas haha
he was dissing ur business skills...and then he super burned u at the end
Who is going to the Marburg Lecture at 3:30 today?
If you're going to get any joy out of being depressed, you've got to stand like this .
The ONLY reason GOP ever gets elected is because there are a large number who thrive on FEAR & WANT to be LIED TO (Extremist FOOLS)
Only 1 hour until the exhibition... Get out and enjoy this beautiful day at :)
One of my neighbors is REALLY rocking out to Celine Dion right now. if you love it...
Watching Gulliver's Travels..
today is National Smoke and Mirrors day....!!! Hahaha don't axe me hahah
Don't blame me for you're own mistakes and problems
Ryan Seacrest always plays with my emotions on American Idol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Yeah we think that counts
Can it be Friday?!
Who likes things that are purple?? WE Like things that are purple!! Come check us out!! We have a Grand Daddy Who likes purple too ;)
And when I'm gone just carry on don't mourn, rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice just know that I'm lookin down on ya smilin <U+2764>
We're here today because of the Life Giver.
I dont want to get up. :P
Pocket tweet or cryptic secret message?
Tornado warning! Jared loves this. So do I. We're directly in the path of the storm. Jared is giddy that Jym is on TV right now.
A view of the great room in the Manzanita house owned by for its vacation club members staying in the wine country ...
We could still get you a team in the Summer High School League starting the beginning of June. You think you can get a squad?
reread catching fire today. my love for finnick odair has mean reignited. <U+E022>
Heading to the studio!
Just read about your jury duty - rough case! Glad to hear you'll be speaking at FOWD in the fall though!
hahaha found old blunts in my ouija board game box...
Your mom(:
": HAS A BABY A ON THE WAY ... TWINS AT THAT :))" don't jinx me on kids.
Hodgson going with the failures and as expected....Carroll, Defoe, Downing should not be going. No Johnson, Sturridge, Holt or Richards? Hmm
Happy to know ur reading it. I've been looking for some pointers on #HowToBeBlack :-P
Thinking of using as the backend for my next web app because I'm too lazy these days to do any database or user auth stuff
but i love hump day :'(
Did Kerr just basically say this is a moral victory by playing UK tight?!?!
There are wordles at #ignitedc right now - you'd probably love it :-)
Maybe I will make the #fashioningcircuits students in the Spring watch Crimes of Fashion! *evil laugh*
xD my kitten keeps rolling over in his cage. #WhatACutie xD I rove my Oliver<3 ^.^ P.L.U.R.<3
Well played okc
I know... :( going to sleep now.
MT How 'bout WI build us a (dwtn) stadium if we build them a bridge? Our "bridge to nowhere"-$750M to get to New Richmond WI?
" is great but apps that offer shows from multiple networks are the future." - Dan Cohen, EVP, PayTV & Digital, Disney ABC
Just saw you as a contributor on #cpd23. You're playing, too? Lots of international folks on this one...
lmao true. I can't wait to pratice all night. I can tell that you've been practicing -drake voice lol
Thanks - I'll have the developers take a look!
Playing the Michael Jackson dance game with the babies!
Just finished playing live on KVMR in Nevada City, CA on Wesley Robertson's Rockin' & Stompin' show. Wes - Thanks for having us!!!
did u get my # frm yo dm make sure u get at me big head
lolol that's great
Going out and letting off some steam
im not really in the tweeting mood today :/
RT : Good news is that very strong late April sun will melt snow through the day.
Did she say 60% cause she putting up the money? That's family for you
The man was old with a long part on the side and his hair slick down like we in the 1920s
Morning Ken!! Up and at 'em!
Oh so yummy just finished the tomato bisque for tonight...it smells amazing!!
Seriously...let's all go to San Diego for St. Pat's. RT : HDNet will have a crew shooting the Zane Patrick's Day party. It...
#bulls host the #trailblazers tonight !
Kids Count data reveals startling fact - over 1 million Texas children are without health insurance
they probably didn't hear a hit single in it. 'cuntrags' is hard to rhyme!
is the best, what is supposed to be? I can't see it
and to you, as well, Bob...from your friends in The Brew City!
Really!? how many Blogs are tweeting about S Jobs passing, while hashtaging there selves?Makes YOU a bigger
I think the stupidest things are funny
What planet r u from?shane dawson !don't lie! I dare u to tell the truth!
my hands are literally shaking right now...
Can't wait to watch OKC punk the lakers in the next round. THUNDER UP!
That explains a lotta things.. fish sticks! RT“ I play in my sleep sucka!”
Did "A Few Good Men" win any #oscars? Like, maybe a Best Supporting Actor? #kevinpollak K-Po deserves an Oscar!
Dark already here. . .you still have sun for your purty walk. xx
watching rock and roll hall of fame inductions. forgot how sexy #anthonykiedis is!! STILL HOT!
Whoo hoo my #drinkingsig shirt is Middleburg Heights, OH and my brains have made it to Columbus, OH.
and that's why dads go to the pub
Stuck at the airport. Plane was on time, fiancé is late. :-(
I got a really good embarassing story that I forgot to tell And #dang its funny ass hell too lol
Go follow ! She is epic GRAND, !
My Last Friday of my Sophomore Year! :(
Being a hater is contagious study shows it affects 1 in every 5 friends its so lethal the cure cant be achieved thru hypodermic needles
Hello Denver!
Leave it to me to plan the company cookout/super bowl tailgate party on the day with a 60% chance of rain.
Looks like it will be nice weather for #umwfa12 reception on Palmieri Plaza. Sorry to miss it!
haha go do it!
Is it weird that I have both a banana and a microphone in my pocket?
It's #TwitterTuesday here at the RT for a chance to win a $10 gift certificate for food & beverage on your next visit.
Don't even ask to stay the night with me. I have a family you
Clint Eastwood is going to play Al Davis in the "Raiders" Movie!!!!!
Only 3 likes needed to make the magic 200! Please share with your friends!
You don't need a guy to be happy
#mmaf2011 get zip code information in the home via Packrads that drives to In-store, great panelist!!
#luvmehateme but i live in a area where they all wana date me
Let's take just a second to note Apple's absolute silence on #SOPA /
Thanks to hello tweepers.
Tenacious* sorry i was too excited to tell you :)
Kudos to Community Board 12 and Scott Stringer for caring about removing horrible "pink slime" in our school lunch meat!
Best Tuesday ever! Haha! :)
From Charles Baker: Many of you have likely seen the heart rending testimony of Ms. Sandra Fluke, a law student at Georgetown University, …
In the studio designing business cards for my clients, if ya need biz cards, flyers, or marketing materials get at me.
They finally talking to Mike Brown again.
Thanks, David! That was very kind! Best, Ellen
I didn't know u guys are siblings. What is he doing now?
a faggot is a pile of sticks
I wash bad tasting food down with oj..
i bet Adrian wins, since he got the product placement.
racist scumbag john terry to lead england at euro 2012, what a joke.
Life just blows. Blows. ftw
Ahh Greenspoint at night. Who needs Paris?
I can apparently find a French cafe in practically any city...
We all have that one teacher who's like, "Don't pack up yet. There's still 7 seconds of class left!"
exactly, I live in Ohio, so me & my friend would go, but my mom wants to figure out plans on how we would get there first!
thank you!!!
goodlook out. this new one we shot the other is crazy. got everybody on it.
Just finished watching the recent episode. Dale! I miss you already!
On the eve of a day I have dreamt of my whole entire life <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Not at all RT : If Miami wins the title without Bosh, does the criticism "LeBron had to team with other stars to win" end?
jealous that y'all are going to that!!!
still loving twitter
Rainy day in NYC today. How are you liking the weather ?
Intermission time 's shakespeare in the park. So lucky to be working with them soon!
Happy Birthday to Grand Wizard Theodore
Tonight we relocating to other hotels BC could care less that you had a reservation!
So sleepy!
OMG, there's a Kindle edition! We need to start a cross-country book club!
- - such a sweetheart!
Friday Fun Fact: Earth Day is held April 22 to increase awareness & appreciation of Earth’s natural environment.
Great thing about being dead? No more taxes!!!!
it would be nice if something made sense for a change.
gotcha lol I'll text you or something tomorrow when I'm headed that way
#Oomf said he wants to eat my a**
I want the penguins to win so bad.
I can understand that. But I can't motivate myself to exercise around the house. I need to get out and do something.
SharePoint excels at community management, especially with projects.
bro just chillen man. I heard you been slaying boys on keys
with my boys in lafeyette! man its been to long. drunk allready catching up! hitting the streets hard!
HAPPY HOUR at LOCA LUNA! JOIN US. Fellow Greeks and friends from 6pm-10pm. THIS FRIDAY. [550-C Amsterdam Ave NE]
my dad rewinds the tv atleast 20 times when he sees something funny before going back to live .
its about that time #flyers here we go tonight! forget the #rangers #24/7 preview tonight of our will boys
I won't mention today is Nat'l Kiss Day to my hubby...b/c we kiss enough as it is! Whoa--TMI I know:)
hahahaaaa! yeah she probably was! x
"Steal" is such a strong word... I prefer "Borrow". Lol.
It's crazy how crazy I am about it. But my biggest fear is that it will become way to commercial...
Today is a fresh start! How exciting!!!
why do we italicize the title of The Waste Land? I mean, I know why we're supposed to do it, but from where/whom did this mandate originate?
did you get my email?
O.M.G. Becky look at her butt TUNECHI
yay! Friends on twitter, Skype, and real life. :-D
MahomiesGoHard! LETS GO CHICAGOANS RT : MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE is a trending topic in Chicago ;)
5 ways to get best travel deals
kids are so fearless and honest. Us adults can learn something from them
A pinch of probability is worth a pound of perhaps. -James Thurber, Lanterns and Lances
Well it's really not a paper but whatever.... its homework
Design is a funny word. Some people think design means how it looks. But of course, if you dig deeper, it's really how it works. -Steve Job
Also - Pacers fun run tomorrow at 7. If it isn't too rainy, I'll be there.
Pretty impressive line up of speakers for FARO's #3DConference: C-levels of many serious players in the 3D space. Proud to be among them!
I can't wait. Our First Daughter will be graduating From LAW School.
have you contacted ?
we are very concerned about this and the lack of global attention it gets
check us out on main stage at this year's Vans Warped Tour! ... no? maybe just promoting!
Feels good to release a couple tears every now and then on some real nigga shit
Now I can give the #Nuggets the boost & screams to help them close this series
Great game tonight! Had a blast!
We got big planes, little planes, imaginary planes!
There's simply too much Ancient Greece to learn
Thanks for the shout out!
the best. The opera guy though... Over it.
Kalil and Claiborne both rock so I'm happy for both my teams. Now the summer waiting season begins.
Made my black eyed peas with mixed greens and served over couscous. Spiced with cumin and coriander. I know,right? Yum!
“She isn’t young enough or pretty enough to be the President’s wife.” ~Newt Gingrich, talking about his first wife after divorcing her.
I just started watching a shot-for-shot remake of the Hangover..only with monkees and souteast asia instead of tigers and vegas.
GUYS do you have access to fb? :O
Thanks for giving us something worthwhile to fan about.
Sweet night of fights and friends!
My daughter loves the steam roller. Are you similar Mr. er, Miss (?) Machine? :)
i want to be in the next one!!
General! First come first serve! RT : Is Turner and Schneider only atlethic and honors or can general live there?
Screwed by mine companies? who is screwed? how are the companies screwing them now and before?
where do you work now??
#nowwatching Jeff Dunham. It's not very amusing.
I wish I could auto-hashtag every single tweet on Twitter with #humblebrag, because that's all I'm getting out of my feed today.
With For The Night(: Hit Us Up For Plans<3
I thought it was a tribute to the movie Aliens!.
I hate to ask this, but how is Viola Davis? She's such a good actress ...
where's your faith in DA BEARS?? They'll score !! Ha
That stuff all looks pretty healthy to me. What, no coffee? No Red Bull? No Mountain Dew? No donuts? <pfft> Amateurs.
i just assumed you were staying with Roger. Not the case?
I've been "rate limited." No idea what that means.
Hey how many of you have ever tried to sleep your troubles away? It don't work Huh? Wake up they are still there. try praying it works.
Ohhay and Aaron thinks the way I sign my name is 'exciting'. Win. And I got a hundred when he graded my paper SO I DON'T LOOK STUPID!!!
;) how are you?
If a friend asks your opinion on their music and you knew it sucked, would you be honest, try to say it was bad in a nice way, or just lie?
Nice morning with my son, although I'd advise anyone with a 2 year old to go outside of school hours - too many big kids!
are you up in Chicago this weekend for working the series? Or up for your own fun?
I surer as hell hope so and soon. It is quite depressing coming home to an empty house.
Time to get ready for this deployment ! <U+26F5>
Thanks for RTing that at spreading the word about our show! :)
Tool, eh? good choice in music.
Working from home. Nothing beats writing in pajamas. Plus my Vday bouquet is still gorgeous. Good job, bf.
happy mothers day
Recognizing I must give more of my time&attention to stars&emerging stars
I wanted to apologize man I was caught up in the moment the other night and that's why we're called fanatics. Go nuggets Go knicks
“Success is going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.” - Winston Churchill
I think I know a whole lot of people who will want to be following
a vision to maintain an independent life style for our patrons,
life can be very tough....but, when one day stinks, just go to bed, rest for a few hours, and then get up and try, again!
when a boy get jealous it sometimes cute when a girlget jealous WORLD WAR 2 about to start .......^___^
"The fight against terror goes on, but tonight America has sent an unmistakable message: No matter how long it takes, justice will be done."
amazing Tuna Tartar and delicious Malbec @ Aria made my night!
Getting Purty with a new haircut :)
glad to be among the beautiful people <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
can you let me do what I want....#?
The sequel to Cabin in the Woods should star James Woods and be called Woods in the Cabin.
If you ever see an older white guy, and a semi-young Asian girl together...you can bet your balls he bought her.
Happy TUESDAY!! Hope everyone had a good Memorial Day!
Always do what you are afraid to do.
Back atcha my friend!
In my dream last night, I watched Justin Bieber take recreational penicillin, and I asked if I could borrow his hair piece.
Im sorry! I feel your pain haha. Im At steak And shake late night smashin and studyin!
Call us for our promo specials 410.513.9199
Awh I like talking to you. :)
did you notice Idris Elba's hat doing the continuity dance?
Hopefully tonight turns out good with me and
The first and most important step toward success is the feeling that YOU CAN succeed!!
Your rendition of BLUE is BEAUTIFUL, PaytonXOXO
Thank you! This now means that we'll have many more fun articles to come!
Excited for the Diamond Collar Awards at the Oregon Humane Society Heroes Luncheon honoring heroic pets and people.
It's a girl! Congrats and Joe Waterman. Wishing you all the best!
Can't make babies without a seed though. Making life is a mutual thing.
For me, the words "white" and "African" don't mix and weren't intended to.
Michael Eubank welcome to asu football! Looking forward to PAC-12 Titles
follow back
#PRSA_NCC "Keep your eyes on mobile, bc we are." Andrew Noyes, FB
Is loving #taylorswift new song #ours love it!!!! :)
... and the stupid "please send me paper copies" form is attached to all the paper copes in a huge packet. WTH?
Going to try to go back to bed now.. that cough medicine is kicking in.
waiting on someone to create nuance characters for Twitter
Heck yes you do! Follow if you don't already!
I might... I will see what I can do. I wish I could hire a ghost writer.
I’ll never be able to clean my apartment faster than when someone texts saying they’re coming over.
okay how r u
i see bunnies,.. and pastel flashbacks....Happy Easter...PEEPS!
now's not the time for a
I hate all of youu
wondering how we stack on wind vs Chicago -- "the windy city"... I remember cold not wind....Vegas has to win out
I'm not even worried about my dad not coming to my graduation, sadly I have other things to worry about
feeling very bored, what can I do to make me feel I`m living again. I WANT TO FIND MY PASSION BACK. GIVE ME SOME SUGGESTION
Starting a new tweet topic #doubletakeoftheday - Business man on segway, sitting in traffic in dupont circle. How do you commute to work?
they make red velvet pancakes?!
Patriot League announces Rowing Academic All-League Team, Scholar-Athlete - Patriot League Official Athletic Site
indeed! Although I get it not just from other profs.
well maybe i might get with a big woman but they are to grumpy most of the time!
aww well we're glad you liked it! :) :)
OMG I want thiss!!!!
hey pretty please
I need a man n my sheets at this moment
text me back hoe
caramel goes great with apples! ;) #randomthoughts ..be safe
- shoot me an email: - saw your bio - I am mom to a preemie daughter - she is now almost 9!
I knew I was in trouble with my mom when she would start to pray as she took off her jewelry.
It is so cold outside, brrrrrrrrr! Winter always starts right after Halloween here. Will shiver all the way home.
past and present alternate into a very interesting flashback and reality.
Thanks for the retweet Taa.. I do need to talk to you. When you get a chance can you call my office. 719-550-8282.
Broken watch and phone after taking a huge digger last night
May 8th: Municipal elections in Irvington, Orange, West Orange, Belleville, Montclair, & Nutley. Vote! If you're not registered, get to it!
It's almost here!
duh, and we're letting the crowd and spread out so we could run faster.
Went to the pool with my little sister today & qot a tan XD.
Cheers! RT Big thanks David Bell for hanging out w/ us until last call for #ACBW last night.
Gr8 group @ the #DPLA hackathon, bummed , and a host of others aren't here
Money is the root of ALL evil !!!
um no its a partly at the pazzie place not at my house .. or what do you mean
Jordan says thousands of documents have been released "in transparency." This is part of the open records request filed by EP Times
Chill the fuck out, slut.
The wind and the rain are coming crashing in.
How was everyone's day?
Thank you!! The necklace is super beautiful!! :)
Ignore What People Say Hey This Hey That! You'll Be Alright & Proud You Ignored It Anyway Rumors Arent True People Hatin on You To This Day.
#Don'tBeScared To Admit Sometimes You Totally FanGirl Over And
Thank you, but why?
Everything is coming together so nicely!
Join us, right across the street! Hotel guests receive 10% off your bill. Make sure to get a VIP card from the concierge.
Checked in at
a lady friend can turn into a relationship.
thanks so much!! Ya had to be Dave's shots, they were so awesome, thanks for checking out the review
Independent Vendors selling their goods at Eastern Market.
Thanks. He is a freakin gem. Having him keep a virtual eye on is he sips the bubbly and entertains Spain!
Thanks, I love +K
If I lived 5 blocks from Oram's, I would have exploded years ago.
Happy Easter Everyone!
coffee mugs on my desk (used for pens): "World's Greatest Boss," Homer Simpson "D'oh!"
lies just trying to get him followers no man has all that power
No prob Ashley! If you have a second later check out my music, I'm sure you'll laugh and enjoy it :)
Enrique Eglesias on my pandora. but it's not Hero. SKIP.
lol good luck in the #NBAPlayoffs Where will you be for tonight's Thunder/Mavs game?
You know what I havn't said in a while?Cockblocker. Okay, I feel better now 8^)
What y'all lack in warm and cuddly, you make up for with 'splosions and real life special effects.
Hey Lacuna Coil. Judith wants her song back
The awesome days when you have meds to make you drowsy so you end up takin 5 hour naps
what about him?
I hope phase 2 is gonna be in c.hill! I'm on my way there (:
"It seems to me that playing with a toy whose origin can be traced to before the time of Christ is not a fad."
RT Today is National Lost Sock Memorial Day. Time to turn its partner into a puppet and buy a new pair// More sock news.
RT Yes, I tip on takeout. More than in restaurants. A lot harder than carrying a plate to your table. And they need the money
Oh don't worry I'm sure we'll get another chance at that when the new Dallas starts up!
Sorry is nothing, the real apology comes when you can look in their eyes and see they hurt themselves just as much.
Why is a sorority girl like railroad tracks? She's been laid all over the country
Things that are happening now : the Hunger Games
Looking forward to moderating panel at panel at #Muse2012 on new digital opportunities w/ , , ,
RFT Expect the unexpected. People will always turn out to be the way they say they'd never be.
If you can't hang then there the door baby. -Sleeping With Sirens #inlove with this song.
A3. If you lick the salt mines in Germany, ya get free lederhosen!
Verizon Wireless Brings the Power of Its 4G LTE Network to Myrtle Beach: Customers with 4G LTE devices will now be able to enjoy the ...
Odd, keep us updated on Skeeter.
": Do people realize how ugly the duck face is? #why #gross #notnatural"
“: #ithurtswhen The world is eating BBQ and dip and I'm "being good."” amen sister. Can I have some #chipsandsalsa now?
Today's affirmation: I appreciate all that I have.
supposed to be frugal, unemployed :-p
calm the f* down :)
want to see my forigen language?? :D
We can't wait to see everybody who reserved lanes tonight at Splitsville for "Strike Out Child Abuse"! Going to be a great event!
#GotLeads ask to more! Let us help you with
Home invasion robbery involving shotgun at Warner Pacific College campus. No one hurt.
Dear seamless web team, you are awesome! Great experience start to finish - thank you!
we're gonna be rocking downtown homie! Welcome to work in the 317!
Can't have all work and no play... Jamaica yes. I see.
i ride the swaggin wagon >:D
When I miss place things I feel like #Google should be able to find it since its all high tech. With the autofill...
Be proud of what you did!!!! Trending worldwide!!!!
good luck from all of your #chiefsnation fans. Beat the broncos.
Two new specials today! Roasted Tomato and Pesto Omelette Filled with, Provolone Cheese, Spinach, Topped with Basil Pesto
Captain Jim's is now offering an a la carte menu + seafood buffet. Coconut Shrimp, Baked Gulf Red Snapper, Crab Legs, Oysters....
She #DoinTooMuch tryna get this boy attention
i will :D
goodbye girl!
Got the feeling somone is in my twiitter account gonna change my password
NARK, The Chuck Shaffer Picture Show, Ducky & The Vintage, Sadie Lex Machine & Dime Street Joker all make a return to Dobbs!Doors at 7pm
#ClergyProblems? RT : Anyone at #Homiletics2012 have a red stole I can borrow for when I preach at 1:30?
Just got my hair done :))
the goonies one of the greatest movies of all-time
This man asked to basically be my sugar daddy tonight. I has to politely decline. Lol
I am I don't miss an episode
:-D that was sweet! Thanks Ashlie
We need those for City Hall bake sales
Follow Sunday
cool! Tweet me sometime! ;)
Here they go bringing up lebron keep the real #MVP outta this
Did you die?
testing... please ignore thanks
darn I'm going to miss you during study hall :/ get enough sleep <3
what it do lor sis? I wanted 2 know what your plans were 4 the day..
Thompson square you really need to fire her stylist. not sure which look ais worse performance or red carpet.
not a problem. I might be out there this month. Can we get #pizza while I'm there?
"He's nice to people 'n animals... but you oughta hear him talkin' to a #golf ball!"Dennis The Menace.
It's too late to go a different weekend? Is the world ending?
You are so amazing I love you so much! Good luck with moving :)
If decision makers watch this weekends series, both of our teams might get contracted.
Cheers all, it's Monday...
Sorry for the Twitter-flood, tweeps who are not at #womcc with me. I hope you're getting some value from my sharing today!
Thanks to for taking of In ATL today
yes plenty thanks!
#BESTFEST RT Thinking we will be before the game, if nothing comes up from friarhood. stop by for a drink
these muscle aches really turn me on:)
your #Bengals beat us #Titans out of the wild card. But thanks for representin and playing the game just like we would've lol :P
Book me asap shows are almost full and now I'm starting to get booked for my summer dates!!!
Thank you so much for inspiring me everyday! All of you Boyz are so amazingly talented <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> thanks for everything I love You<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
why am I not surprised.
Honestly I love my life but I wish I was a little more happy...a little stress from a lot of mess hope like hell my day goes good
Its on Today! The London #OA science meetup Dec 1st at Jam Tree Pub, 7pm
From Planet Funk: 'The Funkasaurus'!
I've read or re-read about 10 Newbery winners in the last few weeks - for online class from ALA-ALSC. mostly they are Very Good Books.
Starbucks is just what I need right now. Yummmyyy.
So glad Australia has an anthem to sing to
Happy Friday to... #FF Enjoy your weekend!
Hey trevor do you play xbox or something may you please follow me when you get this
Talk about a speed trap.. Residents of a Polish Town play a prank on a local speeder.. the town folk raised the speeders car up on a tree..
RT : half-price wine night tonight at our store in Clifton.
whatever! You're perffff, the end.
“: lemme know next time you're doing your thing in NYC”sire will
Support the real music and not the fake..real music is music you could relate too-YOUNG.S
aha aww want me to help ya learn?
Yay! donated butcher paper for the Iconathon in Seattle 2morrow! Everything in place for an awesome event: BUT WE NEED DESIGNERS!
damn the time i decide not to go to home haha its okay i will see you tonorrow in San Antonio haha
We all know I really made a B in that Latin Comp course. But I'm not arguing with the transcript.
#TODAY, give somebody the good news about #JESUS' LOVE. FORGIVENESS. HOPE.
u dont even have faith in yourself lol
phone cover*
I don't have time for online videos of people presenting ideas. I prefer a new technology called #reading, enabling me to get info faster.
hahaha really? you only have one dimple too??
Yay! I finally got my hair done! Thanks to and for the referral! I didn't manage to get your stylist!
Excited for a great event today hosted by Ad Fed Louisville - Spring Day at the Downs!
Austin loves me ;D <3
wanted you to know and I referenced you twice in a presentation today.
Yeh......we need to start inhaling those healthy fumes, again. How I've missed you, gasoline! ;)
RT : Cool --> RT : Google Superbowl Commercial made with screen capture +6 million visits. say
What a game! Lakes misses 3 and hightower goes to FT line..20 seconds.
Just read your tweet about your dad. I know you miss him terribly, Jon!
it's one of my favorites.
i want to sleep more! :p.
sorry for late reply. U can have a dog in our complex if its for medical reasons. Lol so a therapy dog may be on its way
Os Guinness: "Christianity is not true because it works. It works because it is true." Eph. 4:15 "Speak the truth in love." Be truthful!
shoulda came to the moose
Oh, if you could only smell this liquid smoke marinade that I just poured over this chicken for lunch...O'boi!
I think being in the creative business makes photo ops ten times better. Glad to have changed the mood :) have an awesome day!
Whoever likes us gets automatically is entered for the chance to win some prizes. Every bit of support helps.
it makes it American only which is ridiculous
Wishing everyone a Happy New Year! 2010 will be your year.
USA winning at half 2-0 against Brazil in Confederations Cup Final! I suspect it's going to be a wild second half. USA needs to play tough
let's talk about ur website I'm very intrigued w wat ur doing
I think my cat has a bag fetish.
I need to be up in 5 hours and I can't sleep. Ahh
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked " How tall are you " haha obviously taller than you ! 6'
Expect more of yourself by being less like you and more like Him. There is something to be said of those who walk out the #fruitifthespirit!
See how fun can change behaviour for the better at www.thefuntheory.com
he good bad ass hell
I sent an all-librarian email. Clearly that will clear all problems. Or at least make a few people chuckle.
#models Casting call Casting Print Rate: $2500.00 + 20% agency. Non union video rate option : $750.00 + 20%
I guess I'm working alone today?
look here Bruh you had me crying laughing from the beginning to the end of #ThinkLikeAMan a must see for everyone
Thank you for the recomendation! It is much appreciated.
Why am I here alone? I need my
Time for WWE #RAW :-)
hey...I'm good...workin on sum things....how are u doin???
From South Grove TAP meeting: "Annual teacher evaluations with meaningful feedback to teachers is very positive."
I'm not watching it right now...bad or good?
Changing my name to Madison Root
A: You know, I've always been confused by that-Kevin was white AND wealthy-you'd think he'd have been a higher priority...
Clouds and thick darkness surround him; righteousness and justice are the foundation of his throne. Psalm 97:2
need the prayers to go up again go to court today been up all night prepping
It was very sad b/c nobody showed up! It was a housing program organized by Hal V who is a faculty in res. Tough time of year.
In a 1996 Fresh Air interview, Steve Jobs said he brought a "liberal arts perspective" to computers.
I wish my mama was around..a nigga sho do miss her
Cool: gives a shout-out: helping solve data needs AND empower economic opportunity.
YAY! So glad to hear that!
It's fight time !!!!
For some reason I can't stop thinking about them.
#whosgonnalose - Green Bay at Arizona - Green Bay will lose
Do you love coffee?
oh, should I ne excited then? Lol.
Ladies come get those Sunday Morning hairstyles ready 6320 Winchester Road
You are very welcome :D
Thanks for your advice. I'm definitely still learning!
What the hell Chicago weather? Sure have it rain here in logan square but not downtown, but as soon as I go downtown have it rain.
is awesome. True story!
Had a lovely morning working with an old friend.
Much of being an artist is justifying our efforts against onslaught of conformity Most people only interested in our output not our process
Turtle> bunny
RT : just got off the phone w/ Eddie Bocanegra. He's doing great work, inspiring us to go where the issues are....
Hi Interesting article! Would you recommend the use of Twitter to every educator?
I am not really at the grocery store I must be at the Zoo I think...
Sheets. For sure.
Whats good folks? Been awhile. I saw that and traded every single good player that A's had, WTF is going on?
I keep falling for guys that live in other countries. Right now there's one in Canada, Dubai and China.
Kinda like my school days long ago, lately the same WMATA bus driver takes me to work and back home again, AM and PM. It's oddly comforting.
I was the only person on the bus. Only. That has happened a total of zero times before.
RT : I wonder where all them laker fans at
What #socialmedia topics do you want to see discussed at our upcoming ROI event?
you guys should come to chicagoo (:
"The energy that you put out there is the energy that's reversed back to you".
March is on in 7 minutes! Get to the Civic Center NOW! We need as many as we can get!
T.D. Jakes said that on the Oprah I watched yesterday. An insight I'd never considered, but totally understand and appreciate.
Dirty Thoughts <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Yeah. I'm going to see Hunger Ganges now.
Good point. :)
Listen, y'all-Love Gotye. Dig his music. Listened to him for 4+ yrs thanks to Air France. But for the love, NO MORE Someone I Used to Know.
so stoked to have you guys on board with our project! Can't wait to see the new looks :)
stop eyeballing me
I'd love to come to your event on 7/21! What time and where?
If you're so afraid of losing me at least act like it.
I'll pick you up. I was in town and imma boutta leave.
OT anyone?
Thanks, guys! :)
Sneaky indeed ;)
Girl yes , im getting to mad !
Welcome back Tommy Wingels...Hope u have a great comeback game tonight! GO SHARKS!
And now LeBrick is throwing his worthless 2 cents into the fray.
Http://www.eclecticcompanytheatre.org - you'd think Twitter would know to automatically make a link out of web addresses....
Let's end fall rush week 2011 with a bang... BYX Barn Dance 2011 tonight @ 8PM - 4 Bar K on 82nd street. Legit t-shirts are $15 at the door!
Hell Yeah bitches lets do it !!!!!!!!!!! waisted haha
Now watching National Treasure. I've decided I'm going to light my house entirely with troughs full of flaming oil.
Good morning everyone...go for it! What's your it today?______
#DragRace SHARON NEEDLES SHARON NEEDLES SHARON NEEDLES I FRICKN LOVE HER
Reason #1 I love #hockeyradio - radio ad for an Edmonton eatery - "Don't go for a meal. Go for an experience. Asian Village."
So do you all pronounce jogging with a soft J?
i absolutely love you guys so much i would love to see you guys get on the road and tour i would love to see you in Chicago.
#somethingilearnedlongago that you could care less.
wow i like their website. i will check it out
Halfway to justice
Today I learned two lessons: there's good and bad in everyone, and no matter what your decision is someone will disagree.
and how would I do that
today was like a never ending day of biz.
I just saw you !
Thanks ! I won an early reviewers copy of Viva La Madness by J J Connolly
thinks this is a chris issac video and that he's chris issac.
yo G we actually arent going to have it all done tonight sorry doggy but IT WILL be done by the end of da week!! It's so cold
CHRISTMAS PARTY AT MIDDLE ROAD TONIGHT. YAY
This rain makes me even more desperate for summer -.- can't wait!
I just wanna lay in the sun until my skin is burnt. <3
Do not set foot on the path of the wicked or walk in the way of evil men. Proverbs 4:14
Tonight is the night at toc bat with model athena and I til 4am...
taking some personal time at antidote...the best coffee shop in houston.
"Question make stories grow."
Use your smile to change the world, but don't let the world change your smile.
I'm gonna go watch anime and listen to Lydia :3
I am looking forward to seeing them around town. :)
Haha can't wait for the entertainment on Facebook tomorrow. Foreigners got talent, haha.
Agreed-- It's a bit tricky.. I'm still trying to find a balance between maintaining interest (BB) and clarity (PP).
Probably much earlier. Need to be home when school is out.
i hate hate hate june bugs. the dumbass motherfuckers piss me the fuck off.
yeah i know. screw em!
#FF ::: SIKMIXXRADIO!!! ONLINE RADIO!!!! GO FOLLOW>>>
You were definitely close. I get a lot of phantom let down feelings around babies. This was my first on Twitter. :)
11 a.m.? What happened at this time?
#IMissWhen i was always on twitter over the summer reading && tweets <3
Very funny! No fraud here :-)
oh ok i wanna go to one
It's 300 degrees on this bus
The fallout shelter is lookibg good right niw...
SAVAGE PIXELS #10: A RETRO SPECIAL... with Gold Panda, Iain Lee and some ZX ... - Drowned In Sound: Drowned In So...
I guess Denzel is enjoying that hot bar. They have best food!
thank you ashley ! :)
“: don't worry Coach, I bring in the testosterone for the group #KSRCollege” me too... ?
how I'm supposed to help over twitter? Lol
How do you blindfold a chink? Dental floss.
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)
My teacher on the computer lookin at swimsuits lol shit she ready for summer too
Where are you? That mixologist sounds like Picasso!
Watching the
Life is too short, Grudqes:a waste of perfect happiness, laugh when you can, apologize when you should and let go of what you can't change.
I always have headaches
just tried to hard sell me insurance for a iPhone case for $1. Annoying. Why not just markup price and include it for "free"?
ALWAYS OPEN MIDED NEVER THINKING IN THE BOX I KEEP IT UNIQUE FROM MY HEAD TO THE SOCKS-YOUNG.S
another reason not to eat fast food. It's not only bad for u, but some stuff u don't want can end up in what u order.
Lol I got a few!!
at the library...suppose to be doing research but um....well..you see what Im doing..smh..
I love twitter :D
who else get out tomorrow besides us ?
lol u u got ur guy now I need Coples to fall in the Monstas cave
#FF to the person who made my Oscar Day by using the word "fucktard" -
Indiana takes out Kentucky!!!!
Great...don't talk to me. That's cool....-___- Cause I did something to make you stop talking to me.
So I leave Chicago and I hear theres been a sighting scoring goals for the reserve team... and that's Goals with an S
they should do a twitcam and dance like that the whole time.
Counting down the days till I'm in Spain! <f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
Happy St. Patrick's Day to everyone!!
ur so low. "$12,000 for child support" my ass!! u can suck my size A nuggest!
RT : Bristol Palin is doing a reality show, despite her mother's longstanding objection to reality.
Check out www.theclevelandsportsreport.com for a excellent article about Saturday's show. Mark your claendars for Feb. 5th.
Your welcome!! xox
Oklahoma State wouldn't score 27 points in 27 years against LSU or Alabama
A day not making money is a day wasted!;)
First 20 who follows my bestie gets a shoutout from me!! i promise , #HURRY !! ( Don't lie, I'm watching )
If happy ever after did exsist, I'd still be holding you like this <3
I'm not moving guys. Sheesh, I was jk lmao
Off to Dallas then Atlanta!
“: A hand job's a man's job. Suck it, fuck it, or go home” This girls outta hand rachel hahaha
QPR supporters now in profanity mode...
I'll be sure to let him know that you enjoyed the show!!!
NY #Giants stuck his ass!! San Fran here we come!!
: as does Deity. I'm not really sad; just trying to figure out what to do when feeling alone in this in Ctown.
Freaking love your new song
Love Love Love Listening to SuperBass!!!!! RT if u know the rap.....
Oh! And don't forget Porter. Lowest rung on the railroad profession becomes pretentious suburbanite girl's name.
I remeber the day followed me :) <3
I just made a Mouse Of Today pledge on #WFMU for #TomThon. All of you fans of #BestShowWFMU or #WFMU know you can beat me *easily*
Who's the mystery man for interview for the #RedSox job?
Shouts to for that follow
Just spent an inordinate amount of time waving at a mechanical paper towel dispenser.
Exactly!!! The original MORE than withstands the test of time. No offense to Depp, but he's no Powell! I'm sad.
.commercial: yes you do At the dealership:I'm sorry where out of shufflin hamsters.
: went to M Burger and got the worst burger I've had in a while. I'm done with them for good...never going back...EVER
this is maiden voyage of tweets as we start our podcast that takes place live in a cab
GREAT. now I have the Dawson's Creek music stuck in my head... ;)
trying to stay awake, getting sleepy 0-0 > o-o > -_- > 0-0 and so it repeats lol ,IMO twitters pretty cool!
I want to thank god for everything!Hes the best thing that ever happened to me!Without him i wouldnt have Great Family!And my TRUE Friends
TONIGHT - Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George along with The Lotus Dance Team at ABQ's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!
You make me wanna drop<3
hey today feel good out
Solar energy is an inexhaustible fuel source that emits zero pollution and zero noise.
it is HOT in my office
Very true. Although, I have been trying to cut down on it. It's pretty harsh on my digestive system.
Bouta play grand theft auto vice city..get my mind off stress
what does FF mean? Is it dirty ?
she has her moments...
Not sure. Maybe can give us a quick twitter update.
as will I...lol I just got out of the bounce house...yee haw
you should come preform at Cleveland, Ohio!! I'd be there! <3
Looks like Conrad might get to play 2nd tomorrow.
#powerofwork everybody is talking about Clifton's book, the Coming Jobs War...including Noel Ginsburg. Gotta read it.
of course! I'm just learning about all you have to offer. I would also love to sign up to teach some classes in the summer.
no im hurt cause everyones startin on me callin me fake and everythin
Grading concert reports from Music Appreciation students.When a student uses words like "embolden", you know it's from Wikipedia. And it is!
such a long day thank god that it is over!!!!
Just finished watching Detroit 187 on Netflix. Gr8 show-characters awesome, most shos can't do that after 10 yrs!
If were to retweet this... Claire would be soo happy! She needs a big smile!
I think he will. May take some time off first. Luis Enrique prob will manage Barca now & you'll see AVB re-emerge w/ AS Roma.
when we gon here some more of that fie shit
thats cool you meet one direction what were they like in preson?
Welcome to twitter !
Applying for jobs and then waiting for feeback makes me feel like Buffalo Bill. "Would you hire me? I'd hire me. I'd hire me HARD."
how u been long time no hear
Come out and check out our can-struction help us win peoples choice!
Trust in yourself. Your perceptions are often far more accurate than you are willing to believe. -Claudia Black
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit. ~Napoleon Hill
That is awesome!
Let's take a minute to remember the Setif massacre which took place in '45 & left an estimated 45,000 Algerian Muslims dead.
Pindar~ Words have a longer life than deeds.
:') i'm such a weirdo huh, lol RT Lol made me laugh today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Have a great weekend!!!
What if every time I've done an "OH" tweet, it's been something I've said?
what is going on? what are you doing?
At another FABULOUS meeting. Glad to see all these faces here to help others. Let us know if you want to help denver's at-risk youth!
Tony Pietrantonio Knockout: The Brutal Art of the Perfect Knockout Punch [SLIDESHOW]
Mari gone gt something done to dis head today
not thinking straight
“: Tension in Wisconsin is so thick you could cut it like a Waukesha ballot bag.”
CALORIES: Those tiny and naughty creatures that live in your closet and sew your clothes a little tighter each night...
Q2 Probably bright and cheerful, but I love the charm of old buildings too. has an intriguing, though not perfect, combo.
#teamlesbian Hi my name is Bert. I'm a real person contacting you. And I tell you this bc I'm trying to promote my film, "3rd Wheel"
Thxs....Womens tees are on the design table now! What would you want on a shirt?
hahaha indeed it is!
This is living
Thank you Walmart for all the time and energy you are putting into making miracles happen in Greater Orlando! We appreciate it!
King Of The Hill is simply amazing!
RT : What's the plan this week? -- Get it
sigh, isn't it so awesome that we are dependent on a social network that is such a struggle to use?
sending out the latest investor update..
“play this song at my funeral”-my mom while listening to 's “party rock anthem” ...
Dont be the next t-shirt im tryna tell u
#MAMSummit attending Mid-Atlantic Marketing Summit in D.C. Very informative & current!
that's cuz I be dealing with too much foolery.
Nathan is the nipple pincher pro
Blue barn?
hahahahaha that just shows how good they are :p
"I don't have a Facebook account" people are the new "I don't have a TV" people.
It's not that easy as you think.
on channel 2! It's the last episode or episodes I think. I'm still watching it. :O lily has her baby !
How tweet it is to be loved by you! I love you too. Good Morning!
anytime sugar I'll start saving up lol as long as I get to play wit them once every couple of months
Anyone know where I can buy lots of cheap flash drives? Thanx
Unless you've tried at least twice, (if not 3times) to push it forward to th # next step, NeVER write a girl off & think she doesn't like u
yep i was walking 2 my next class and he tried 2 cut it
Looking for seasoned franchises for sale. 2-3 with nets of at least $1 mil cumulatively. Have anything? Thanks
"You mad grandpa? YOU JEALOUS?" "you bet your boots I'm jealous!"
in mah bed, where else?
sounds cool. Hosting a dinner party tonight tho. Next time. Remind me please!
Journey is over. We have made it to the beach. Yay I can sleep.
OK OK OK Here is the scoop!
House hunting is no joke. #NorthPark & #BankersHill - so many 2bd/1baths... What gives?! Girls need 2 bathrooms. Come on house gods.
SO TRUE! "It is perfectly okay to write garbage--as long as you edit brilliantly." - C. J. Cherryh
Headed to see The Social Network this afternoon. Hope it's as good as the book it's based on, "Accidental Billionaires".
yeh it was ok I hate the reading one !
Remember when we actually made Advertising?
time to wish for you to follow me!(: <33
What's the KAHNNN yell for? :-)
#IanEastwood and #BaileyAnderson <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> assfghjkl; they're just so cute and hot lmao
As soon as I get high and step into the shower, Q104.3 starts playin Jammin
Can we start a music revolution!?!
Jane Fonda back on Broadway after 40 years. I get her autograph after her magnificent 33 Variations performance.
not a baby in the purse?!! & said a fake Louie bag & baby named "Gucci"..I couldn't help but laugh at that...ALL BAD
On with new music from (yes!), , , , and your music suggestions!
Fun at the races with !!
we can make it happen with your name on it or whatever! We can discuss a #FreshKics customize pair over over
Longbow: check
God Weiters is such a beast.
my cats brain is broken :-(
I feel like this Saturday at graduation I'll finally see my high school friends. #can'twait
Glad you found something. Unfortunately, I live about 70 miles north of Salina. Wish I could have said hello in person.
thanks for the props, Lex. Go Wings!
Registrations are rolling in for summer 2011! Get yours in today and be a part of DWC DC or DWC in the Wild: Costa Rica!
whhhattt?! i was at south coast last night too!
Kim!! By far the best contestant :)
27 years Anthony Melvin Flowers was Born! Happy Birthday to myself
I try to! Whether or not I'm good at poetry is another story, though. Been reading about Deerbook -- love it. Favorite author?
{Chevy QOTD} What is your BIGGEST pet peeve with other drivers?
Kinda hurtin' inside.
MT : Enjoyed helping at The validation canvas model is smart: thinking like a scientist is built into the process.
I wish I could attend #edcampbham, but I already have plans. I hope an #edcampatl person goes and reports back
lol. he doesn't need that kinda trouble
The debut of the one and only DJ tonight!
Watching bad girls club :-)
Austin I think I wanna marry you. :$
#HappyBirthdayTravisClark WE LOVE YOU
are you related to Judas?
good morning(:
I hate crossing big busy rodes, especially in summit I'll.
get inn some dance clothes in my bag so I can practice on an hour.lol.
NEED EVERY ONE TO LOOK AT MY YOUTUBE CHANNEL @ YungSmookDawg Thank You
thanks for the mention, will be sure to take a look!
do I know you??
The #Aztecs are leading the Broncos at the half 38-22. J Franklin is leading all scorers with 12 points.
Playing spoons > homework
: who says ur not Star potential? Who says ur not presidential?
When your real you shouldn't have to brag about it, cause it's something that just shows...
dude. I'm pretty sure we were Siamese twins at birth, attached at the heart. Our parents are keeping shit from us I know it.
Community murdered tonight. Greatest 2 episodes ever
I deserve a medal for making it through the week without stabbing someone with a fork.
we can solve that whole sucking at iPad typing thing. Check out our typing trainer app on the store.
Happy birthday to myself and I know my dreams will come true and that love reigns everywhere
clue could you interview ja rule when he get out it won't be long
Been tryin to reach ya regarding a Bo Jackson event! my email is Take care!
Register today for the upcoming Heartland Worship Institute....the price goes up tomorrow by another ten bucks. Don't miss out!
What five things can you do today towards your success? Commit to your
": Moxie coming home today!?!? #MEOW" YES!! MEW MEW MEW
Monday state employee special!!!! Beck's beer $2.75!!!!
Seriously miss my friends
El Times, formerly NYT
We do as well Ryan, We need to make Detroit a better place! We are hearing unconfirmed reports that a 3yr old was shot :(
Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
my body hurt !!
“: #MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I fought on the court..... oops” she would have to get in line!
Wait til u see this year's poster!
Well , will see :(
i'm not going to call you a jerk. that'd be giving you too much credit.
people that are new to the EDM scene and think thats what's hot right now. Those are the ones that get going.
I'm in need of a live chat. Who's with me?
Anti-aging toolkits should include L-Carnitine which helps to maintain metabolism and memory
I tend toward the former, but I understand my colleagues on the other side of the pond say it differently.
New iPhone screen casts coming soon..
My brother returning home from Afghanistan :)
Day 36 of 100: I'm thankful for the wonderfulness and unexpectedness of the random turn of events that life is (a mouthful, huh?)
How is that even possible... <U+E416><U+E411><U+E407>
I ended up spending more money downtown during all the St.Patrick's Day celebration(parade & Saturday afternoon) than I did during Superbowl
Now rappers talkin about Drivin Knowin God dam well they aint got they L's!
RT “: It's Richard's birthday today. Let's get him a kidney. RT #saverichard””
Today was everything! I had a ball with my "friends".
Even I (w a huge capacity for chocolate) couldn't finish one of our Woodland Dream drinks (xtra rich hazelnut hot choc). Dare you to try!
Text my phone cause I forgot my ipod :(
I think the clippers are gonna lose the series now
We're experiencing some technical difficulties; the new shirt will be up as soon as we can!
Stuck on 1,457 followers! Unfollowing people who aren't following me. Sorry(:
Charles is getting old Brandy wants her name in his will (:
Lets Go Seawolves. Rooting for you Coach Steve Pikiell. Isn't that right Ros-O Kid ? Let's have a good practice today!
waiting on a msg or a call, i wont answer anything after 12..if its like last night i will be upset!!
Roger that!
Congrats to Homecoming Committee on a very well done Fifth Quarter. I'm so proud of you guys! It's almost game day!
Thanks for the visit tonight...we missed you.
Ok, a little warning thay there are kids in the office would have be nice before I drop a few choice words!
The airlort terminal smells like piss. At least they have good beer here.
Happy Anniversary to my amazing parents! 33 years & counting!
u better spell it right mfer
Going to bed is always the highlight of my day. #ILoveSleep <3
def broskii..you around tomorrow? Maybe you can come to guilt for a bit
re: roundtable, where is the office located?
I think the Bulls ahve an excellent chance to win either way—if Deng is still in possession of the balls he found for Game 5,
holy goosebumps, that performance killed!
keep the holiday fun going tomorrow at Martini 494 Bistro -- they're turning 1! let's celebrate.
No one really knew who Samuel L. Jackson was until 1994, when Pulp Fiction was released. By then, he was 46 years old.
Thanks! Have a great weekend.
Going back to bed! Adios :)
I"m glad you like them.
I Choose tha streets!
can't wait to see Repo: the Genetic Opera this weekend!
and*** maybe?
7days a week/ 7 different freaks but I got tired of fuckin hoes/ so I just smoke and count my cheese
That moment when your parents are in a good mood and they give you what you want:)!
lol do you make these up or...? :P
Hey!!! U guys im bak #GOODMORING :)
Chucking positive vibes your way, from a fellow Eurekan turned Los Angelonian-angeloseon-angieoneite. M-kay.
Starting to warm up in the office... oh man. Come on little air conditioner. Just a little bit longer.
I need to help convince your mom to get you an iPhone.
hey, you hung up. I wasn't done lawl
lolol cuz my cousin is going too and she's bringing her boyfriend too. Soo I'm not sure. Ill see :p
Time Warner has missed two appointments w me this week. Fingers crossed they show up this afternoon as promised! #annoyed cc:
we need to make a game this summer! It's a gorgeous night at the safe!
Vicious puppy beater, Phillip Rich, will be arraigned in El Cajon this afternoon at 1:30. D2. He faces up to 3 years in the tank.
left work insanely early to go download GOT
Cortwright: Next round metro area #talentdividend PS completion reports will disaggregate by race/ethnicity to aid setting local strategy
Stand-By Alert ! ! Gayby -- Sunday
I love you babyy<3 happy 14 th birthday (: I remember when you were 13 like it was yesterday (; lol<3333
I was going through my call log the other day & all I saw was your name.
Productive delay. Promising route found for late June between hotel in Vianden and brewery in Achouffe. Lesson: pack carry-on eccentrically.
Illinois is now the Shaw Me State!
We'll treat you just like an old friend and neighbor. And don't forget to take advantage of our #CouponsToGo specials. See you soon!
thanks for a great lunch!!!
That wtf moment when u cant curl the back of ur hair -__-
Would like to move as fast as GOOG
LOL The Bounty Hunter?
Next to my bed, angled towards my bed, and I use it as my alarm clock.
yeah I think you should:)
Peyton greatest role model athlete ever?
Jeff, can you comment on why HBO GO is not available on the Xbox 360 for Time Warner Cable customers?
SERIOUSLY!?! If You Can't Invest $9 In Your Career Or Business, Then Don't Expect Me To Take You SERIOUSLY! Start Mobile Marketing
Thanks LB, just what I was looking for!
to live the golden rule - "Try everyday to do one kind act. When it's become routine, up your game to 2, then 3, etc" Karen Armstrong
The way some churches behave you'd think Jesus was a pack rat or a mean bag lady.
Bubbled the HU, played really well overall, got it in good, very happy with how I've played this week
Today is Equal Pay Day. Women still make 77 cents to the dollar, but #Hispanic women make just 52 cents.
Orbital cancelled too??? Okay NEXT! Defcon at the Pyramid!!!
So excited about #demilovato being a judge on #xfactor!!!! So happy for her!
so much to accomplish today.
I'm intrigued. Direct messages & admin panel will be useful - especially since real-time analytics were released! Your thoughts?
Nudge Nudge: Brunch enlivened by incident de garde-robe - Victoria Times Colonist
. Great piece to run during National Distracted Driving Awareness Month. I hope parents and teens are encouraged.
I think we should do NFL players nicknames next time we go to penn. The guy better not mess mine up again tho
Who else would I *BE* talking about?? xD
Cannot believe that this week was my last USC movie screening of the semester. Hope everyone has enjoyed them as much as I have!
Be careful who you allow in your home. Someone with a broken-down car may only be looking for valuables instead of making a call for help!
It was pretty awesome. For the 2x header we were in section 134, 4 rows off the field w/ ALL day sun. Temp: 105. = burnt skin :)
That pissed off moment when it texting n someone replies with a smiley face like how the f do you respond to that come on bro
Sometimes it feels like my mom is my child and i'm the adult, she's so clueless lol
Yeah, it's in Uptown Village. I used to use it. Does their app allow check depositing yet?
hell yeah! A nigga gets tired of always coming out of pocket.
Congrats to our luck $50 Dibbs card winner, Brenda Secrest! Message me your email and we'll send over the details!
thanks for the koozie...
How do I reach my fitness goals??? LET ME SHOW YOU THE WAY!!
yeah we use to have to steal the water from next door when it got cut off lol he did anything for his kids
Just uploaded a couple of shots to instagram
Exactly! Driving me crazy :-( Hope you're all better today!
online fee ,wth
RT Q2: What do you find challenging & rewarding about the work you do?
A sweet woman & sharp writer!
thanks for all the #FFs today... we're inching closer to that 1,000 mark.
Thanks bad news at work. You made me eat my nails off.
Being a kid running up pyramids in mexico with my brothers racing next to me.
what's up??
thanks for the mention! Awesome job with the storefront-the UI is incredible - keep up the great work :)
Fourth and one...
yu're in luck! Wrds are easy to read if their nly missing a vwel!
#everydayithinkabout how at zero gravity food fights would start themselves
It's their body and stamina that captures my attention
Dropbox or Google Drive?
D.C. Education Conference ‘Energizing’ for N.M. Mom
I decided to go to the gym Mon, wed, and Fri hopefully I don't over do it. I am pretty sure I gained the weight back I lost NEVER give up
I have changed my mind on a couple of these last paintings, I think I want to do some more sunsets, they are just so relaxing, beautiful..
very much overdue :) Let me know the next time you're in town!
those shoes are redic. Post more photos of YOU.
Woot! On it.
U scared me, Thank God, my name is not Scott
The main person i wanted to be by my side Saturday isn't going to be there.
I guess everyone deserves to have a second chance...
and then whole class was like "aaaaawwwwwwwww" and Cam started singing "....I bust the windows out your car" LOLOLOL
So my cousin came to get all my stuff to store at his house! Including my tv <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> wtf am I supposed to do!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Where is everyone eating this weekend?
Wow...Bar Harbor, ME is the New England version of Gatlinburg, TN.
Yes! RT Now WC wisely telling everyone to read Kim Stanley Robinson's Mars trilogy. I agree!
text me nagggga
"that's the trigone" "in the blad blad... I'm trying my best to have fun with anatomy"
Used 'em on a plane, because iPod can't drive phones loud enough…
Missy "Lose control" had all the fat bytches bouncing at the getaway when the beat dropped!
SHOW ME SUMTHiN i AiNT USE <U+2665>
Is there a local Intel Involved for the Rio Rancho, NM area?
aw. So cute!
#KellyThomas' dad is suing police 4 wrongful death of his homeless son. Now that he's dead, he's there to fight for his son's well-being.
Boston Bruins are terrible humans.
enjoy your dinner tonight at Of course I want to hear how it is!
Muah u talking to me there LOL
i need to see you tomorrow! No ifs ands or asses! i miss you. cereal (serio)
“: Most Successful people are grateful. Are they grateful because they are successful or successful because they are grateful?”
can u help me become an actor
Praying I can finish up editing on Circle of Sorcerers tonight!
Really pleased your driver's ed kicked in. :)
it started as a "must read" list from a hs English teacher. It's over 2,000 titles now :/
Thanks for the live stream - that was cool watching you train #hardwork #dedication #moneyteam <U+200F>
Summertime; when the livin's easy;)
Hey world It's my 2nd Tweet ... Just Uploaded my mugg shot so the world can see that ( I am a real boy ) lol ...
I really like it when training makes me feel like a white belt, like it did tonight.
And now, #GameofThrones!!
bro naw i woke up like a pimp this morning hoe
Thank you! Appreciate that.
So awesome! Looks like they had a great time.
Good luck man!!!
I wish people listened to their doctors re: health issues instead of frickin celebrities
The miracle isn't the life you missed. It's the life you got.
Want the most money for you books? Bring them to BookHolders! We are open until 10pm Mon-Thurs!
That one trainer.. Hello there <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Do you know of any good iPhone apps for measuring/tracking distance?
bumping down the road in full tennis gear listing to Lil Jon. You go shorty!
Does it shock you. The Heat are classless assholes.
Keep in mind, is out due to injury. Takudzwa Ngwenya didn't start
SO excited for tonight! Please play "Morningside" and make our night!!!!
i need a size 10.5 nike dont really care what they look like. hit me up and ill throw you some ballislife gear..
It's not so much that the #Blues might not be for real. It's more that these #Kings are absolutely for real.
Everyone who's ever taken a shower has an idea
Albuquerque, freshly spun!
lmaooo i can tell ! You need some practice
finally getting that rain you wanted.
Madison, Chicago, Eau Claire friends: if you're going to Bon Iver next month, arrive early for
any teams in cleveland ohio I can join?
For a limited time only you can download my motivational CD, "Passion 101" from www.Cdbaby.com/rshamar2 for less than $4 or buy it for $7
No complaining!! Time to get ur butt in shape:).
Hi Al.
NFL Sunday's are awesome, but maybe the hawks should play on every Thursday night! What a win!
There is a hostel where you can sleep in a room with 66 other people. Europe never ceases to amaze and terrify me at the same time.
There's a reason why I hate being home, it's mainly because your such a cantankerous bitch
Conan is a class act
Just had back to back auditions in 3 days. A businessman, an 1855 cursed Romanian Baron and a Mohawk halfbreed in the American Revolution.
+1 RT : . seems to exist only to RT tweets that include the words "bourbon" and "cream". The internet is miraculous.
is it weird that after late night sodomy I want food.
After driving to #treefort today I'm going to need a serious need of strong coffee so I can catch tonight.
Hmm, not really sure what to do with these presents anymore? #goodbye. :)
The Denver Broncos are on the clock again for their 6th pick in the 2012 NFL Draft.
it's the wording and the "holes in my apologies" that makes me uncomfortable. Bruce knows what metaphor is.
Just had a very deep conversation with a porn star in CVS. Can you guess what he was buying?
Big Congrats on the new position. Couldn't have hired a better guy!
Blah,blah,blah..........bored:/ just kidding just waiting:/:)
time to change that twitter profile pic?
Hi Marlee! Just wanted you to know that your website title says Academy Award "wining" instead of winning.
Yes. Haha I didn't have sex with Tony.
I miss being hungover
great just wonderful
please god be with me that I spend only what I have and not use my credit cards. Christmas is not about buying but loving god.
girl, i know, i havent been on here n months....i cant sleep but that advil pm about 2 put me n the game....i gotta get up @ 7a
Just saw a girl with a shirt that says "School is my hustle"
Cannot wait for tonight games. Wish my girls like Bball. I will need to keep changing Channels lol SMH
Agggg i love you mal-mal. i think so too :) get you something on your booty booty butt cheek ;)
Amazon prime is great for supplement subscriptions! Automatically receive your favorite supplements. I love it!
I didn't think the intensity could rise more but tonight proved me wrong!
my best b
thanks this guy good
been ignoring the chores around the house since mid-March... it can be ignored no longer. Here goes.
PR & Online Branding. It's a content analysis of web sites and SM activity. Much more interesting in 140c, I promise. ;)
Mid-day Mean Girls' and Moscato break!
thanks!!! they'll be @ our chicago showroom in Oct! - Love the mirrors! Can't help but to think of a project all around it : )
animals are much better...you always know where you're at with them LOL
": how was SXSW?" we filmed some stuff and it'll be in our upcoming video "spinning rock"
Rebelutions new album is too good
“: I have always supported invisible children. #kony2012 STOP KONY”<<<Me too. Ive been spreading the word since 2009!
What machine do you spend most of your time on at the gym? Treadmill, Bike, Elliptical?
I miss the days of catchers in the on-deck circle wearing their equipment.
Based on tweets sounds like great session! Thx for sharing slides for those who couldn't go. Will check out (after Clio 2...) :)
Im sorry I can't do this anymore...
good morning :)
Anger is Always fueled by fear & ptsd is all about fear...and rightly so. Anger is a shield. but what is being defended??
Way to run
I peep shit.. Keep quiet .. Play dumb = Success !
Don’t put your happiness in the hands of someone else. If you really want to be happy, you have to find this happiness within yourself.....<U+2665>
OMG BELIEVE TOUR DATES THIS WEEK? AKLJDFIORVJ QRN
are those tittys in your face ? Lmao.
u still have a big head
if you don't mind getting involved, it is the right thing.
Congrats to (13 yrs) and (4yrs) with #USAA too.
cant find Shawns or the guy that opened for you guys tonight, twitter?
How does the Trevor Pryce release look now that Kruger might have torn his MCL and Redding is concussed? Did Hamlin even play last Sunday?
I modeled wedding dresses recently back at ya....
I have Mizzou going to the Final Four, but I'd love to see Norfolk State win this!
We'll definitely do one again this August if I visit
Thanks, ! We think so too! :) we had a great #Articulate training yesterday at Highmark. Yukon has awesome trainers!
Risk is fighting to create something rather than to tear something down. -Todd Mitchell
It's fun to watch Joakim Noah feed off the crowd's energy, makes me love my job...
After a certain point, you are your worst enemy in this business. I don't see how rappers fall off.
doing wonderful.
Don't forget the raffle for the Ipod Shuffle! Earn 4 entries. Follow us on Twitter, FB, Be a gold card member, or sign up for email updates.
Always Travel wishes a wonderful and happy chinese NEW YEAR! to everyone! Plan ahead a vacation to Hong Kong, Beijing, Xian, Shanghai callus
Really? Months of baseball create this emotion, just how you slog through 90 minutes of nothing to make a soccer goal matter
A couple of peeps for you to check out: Makeup Artist Beauty Blogger Rachel Odem and 144 Music Group. Enjoy TODAY everyone!
Hmu I Make Banging Beats...I Need Promotion
: Mandatory healthcare will be going to the Supreme Court.
Girl, you never seen my tweet!!!
"We now live in a Post-Constitutional country" M. Levin. America has fallen, has fallen...Thank U Fud Stamp Pres who isn't Pres.
A wise man said and eye for an eye well baby you owe me your life , your happiness , your joy , the feeling of love .. And Your sole
Just landed at Dulles after a wonderful trip to New Orleans-thanks so much to everyone for your kind bday wishes!!
dammit i missed it all!
What are you going to bake? I love pastries but never seemed good at baking.
If you lie down with dogs, you're going to get fleas...so instead you should just get close enough to show them some love, and teach...
Come in today for a nice relaxing therapeutic massage. Go to www.massagedc.com for your $10 off coupon.
I love dhat movie Horrible Bosses
awww thanks renz...xo. off to europe. see you when back
Thank you for this amazing day!
Dream job = Vice President of Pharmacy Operations
wen r u getting married? <3
follow back and give a shoutie?:) - Ashley
": Chocolate makes everything better. ...Except obesity"
LCD...let's go nyc
thanks ladyfriend! Hope your having a good day.
I wish I could have been there for that. So funny!
Rise&Grind
Spent like 8 hours last night building my Inception-like dream world. Then I woke up. Now it's totally ruined.
Don’t deprive yourself of tamales if you’re vegan or gluten free- We have plenty of options to satisfy your diet and your appetite.
hey everyone request boyfreind by on
how 'bout mauve instead?
Oldest dog on record was an Australian cattle dog named Bluey who lived 29 years & 5 months. In human years, that's more than 160 years old!
I'm so screwed its not even funny. If you find help please pass them along to me!
“: The worst feeling is feeling unwanted by the person you want the most.”
Happy Belated Birthday to my bro-in-law Willie!
Highlight of the nite RT : Since the safety the best part of this game was the Hulk punching that plane or whatever out of the air.
After pushing through the cold night, we have stopped in Illinois for breakfast at the Cracker Barrel ("C to the B" as puts it).
Five in a row then weekend!
OK, well, veinte años worth of experienca is hard to argue with.
(I still think Love Wins)
Life is a song, Love is the music. <3
RT : Hearing all these great things is really making me want to try Can't wait to check it out!
Where is harry at?!
No Gus Johnson calling March Madness in ages + most boring first round day in memory = coincidence?
Check the timeline!
Richard Peck: The book should never be the autobiography of the author. (whispers): There goes Proust...
Happy Birthday Richard Branson one of the greatest entrepreneurs ever, founder of the Virgin Empire. A great inspiration to Archie-Rose
I wish you'd come on back and make it all right
Too many of my impulses are just plain rude.
I love all my kiddos <U+2665> being an auntie has been ah-maze-ennnn
i finally finish maken my hair thick wit exatra blonde n dark blonde
That 10 degree drop from the upstairs to the basement >>>
Enjoyed the interview on Bob Edwards -- wish he had given you the full hour!
"A person who knows how to laugh at himself will never ceased to be amused." Shirley Maclaine.
Hi guys!
This weather is ideal
not goin out 4 a while!!
Robert gotcher playing live now.... Awesome:)
worth it
What a great idea. // RT : Twitter chat tomorrow (Wed) with bloggers from Tanzania. 2PM EST / 1PM CST.
Lol, no! you look freaking amazing. I would of ruined the picture if my face was showing. <3
Live Dallas who need a stylist for the Super bowl weekend. I am 5 minutes from DFW Airport. 8009108603
it really means a lot :)
Why does watching the dream wedding on make me cry!? Ah, so sweet! I want to get married again! , Thoughts? ;)
All of the boys finally hit 3 million followers! #CongratsOn3MillionLiam -Caitlinxx
You're not fooling anyone, Bender. The next screw that falls out will be you.
If April Fools and Opposite Day ever line up on the same day, my mind will explode.
You can do it with His help! ;)
#for65milliondollars i'd listen to rebecca black for a year straight
how did u get so many followers
I seriously was almost run over by a grown man, on Razor, scooting like a mad man, out of the Elevator! Sa-wa-uh?!
has a new slogan: Forward. As in all of our paychecks to the federal government?
Happy Primary Election Day in Wisco! :)
Lots to do today!! Looking forward to The Chicago Flute Club event this weekend! I Love, love, love, Chicago!! :)
I am incredibly honored! Thank you!
is starting over and redesigning.
Cannot wait to get on with O'Donnell tonight! and Carl-David represent on !
I had Italian. Go figure.
Rates drop even more! For a rate update text "RATE" to 41411
Important gang. I need suggestions for Cold War related movies that my boss & his 15 yr old son can watch. Any/all types cc
Hey you should follow because well, you just should.
Matthew Joffe isn't a professional actor but he used motivation for the show to heal a broken leg quickly in rehab
Congrats on being voted in the top three. What do think about singing songs by El Debarge?
you are welcome
Why recall? With a Gov who is dead last in job creation and under criminal investigation, the question should be, how could you not recall?
My auto-repeat mental mantra today: Think it, but don't say it. Think it, but don't say it. Think it, but don't ...
Make sure you're a good girl in that room, lol :)
Received approval yesterday to add a new person to our team. Thankful for the growth we are experiencing!
gne listen to pandora later onn
Why even ask that as a question? We know we don't, and that we can't afford the maintenance or the environmental & social costs.
T-Mac: Dirk needs new star
RT : Lets go DU....RT : Intros before we get going from Summit Arena.
ANGELS AND , GO FOLLOW !!! LET'S GET HER 100 IN ONE DAY!!! WHO'S WITH ME?!?!? :D
Ever wanted to do #MMA or self-defense classes? #Deal: $300 worth of classes at Austin F.I.T. for only $45 if you use code: FreeBeeSocial
Leonard was a steal. Their scouts r phenomenal and Danny green is where I hoped roddy would be by now. Is Sjax wrkn out 4 them?
Sup world
just remembered saying to someone last night "people are so much uglier when the lights turn on" they definitely took that the wrong way
Come on Hawks show me something!
me too!! And of course I think my mama's is the best :)
I think it's time to get into this Twitter thing.
why is everyone lying to this boy!?
i feel you! my undergrad was quarter system. starting later/"real" spring break less of a consolation prize as a grad student tho
Gonna start running & training for cross country :)
now following :)
Nice. And I was just about to say something complimentary about your 'Susannah' cut. Now? FUCK THAT.
Nah, StarforceHipHop is coming on nicely & may take out WSHH. But is on a different level.
Gronkowski is the new Tebow. F him and the #Patriots GO RAVENS!!!!!!
Save 20% & 10% | Use rep code: [theariesgeek] at checkout to receive discount.
But mom's got mad when I told her. She said, "are you crazy? Don't be drinking that shit" lol
I tried to commit suicide...never doing that again...I almost killed myself
sent you a DM ... kick me a msg with your address so I can mail out your shirt
RT : welcome to the fabric social dining team
the only day I could is Sunday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
He's about to ask for a song before he preaches...cause that's how we do it!
Sweet Tea is seriously the nastiest shit ever. I hate it. So gross.
I declare today "update your subscriptions" day. I'm unsubscribing and reducing frequency for all those unread emails giving me puppy eyes.
Now Taking Songs...Comment a song below this link & I will choose one to mix!! Just because Im up!
Anytime! Great photo :-)
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is to get out of the hair salon in less than 5 hrs! Is that a lot to ask????
be a hot scene for you to bake a pizza in a thong and apron. Lol.
which girls?
Great morning. Make it count.
Love the new office decorations! Where are you guys located?
If I have to pick if religion has, overall, done more bad or good, I would probably say slightly more good. Maybe 60/40.
Woke up late, working 12 hours... May have forgotten to brush my hair.
Draw a picture of your non-writing hand
Oh, but he's self-appointed. Of course.
#hate when hoes say u tweakin like u can have all this , bitch I'ma already fuckin you what more could a NIGGA want smh
aloha Meesh. Super sad. Jr. was one of the NFL's best and will forever be a #SanDiego icon.
Great recruiting visits today! We are blessed to have such an awesome campus to show off to people, how can you not love what we've got goin
#FCCDevDay shows open source data presentations. Great Work.
Did any #TEFL teachers out there visit the #rpcvchat today? Another great place to disucss international happenings...
Omg i havent been on twitter for long time
So excited to welcome Tv icons Kyle and Chris Massey to our show tomorrow night Fri 6 pst......................homage to tv veterans!
Okay, I've said it before, I"ll say it again.
Been out of the twitter loop for a long time. My transition to this PC has been slow. I miss my Mac :( I know it will be ok, eventually...
Informative, some Fiction, some Opinion. We have a laundry list of topics to chose from. If you want to be guest writer, DM me, Thx
I will be doing red carpet interviews for #CCBAs on May 7th - Should I wear a tux?
They always go so slow, and I like Fridays better.
Fancy some crunchy nut cornflakes .... #YUM x
having a college degree from stanford is something prestigious bro what if he a bust? lol he still smart as hell
idk if i can do this
Hey y'all are still giving me a prime speaking slot at the convention....right???
And my ass needs to be sleep...z
zoo in Prague?
this is really late but now days anyone can purpose too anyone lol!<3
RIP Levon Helm... so sad.
What the world really needs is more love and less paperwork. ~Pearl Bailey~
My birthday has never stopped.
AND to top it off- today's weather would have been a perfect lake day followed by some softball
Thanks for your message. Email me at and we can share notes in more than 160 characters.
People hate on my lay
hey girl
Chocolate chips >
Oh, it's one of *those* days.
My grandfather told me today its illegal in NC to drive in flipflops. What?!?! I said, do you see the shoes I wear? These can't be illegal
Criminal charges pending, recently been arrested? Call Bloodworth Law Firm, the BEST representation in Middle TN. We protect your rights!
why r u so COOL
Dream woke me up merrrrrr :(
follow me pls :)
okay, I feel ya fam.
We've signed on Nate Horowitz from NTG Productions to direct...very excited!
YOUTUBE THE HOTTEST NEW INDIE ARTIST JULIUSVEVO
Buddha was a title for a man or group of African men from an ancient priesthood. Buddhism was established 500 years b4 Christianity.
Thanks and for the FF! They are both quite lovely.
Wona see me somewhere hopeless no goals in sight, ive been through the illest, I phuck with realest my mind extra tight
mom's pissedoff at me ... id rather just die !! .. -_-
#ThatAintCool if u hav2 shake yo ass to get ATTENTION. A little girl would do anything for that.
First news of the day: from 2 to 3 pm, visit the Spanish pavilion at and enjoy our delicious chocolate and cava!!! cheers!
Polls will be open in IL in less than 24 hours. Can't wait to see how the results shake out in Cook County.
Thanks Azure! Its one of my favorite coops to work with. If you want a copy of my comprehensive catalog let me know! :-)
I go there :-) lol
we just got the cutest Halloween Costumes in stock! come check them out!!
Same mistakes
yes please
i so wanna meet iconic boyz, espically nick and mikey,thomas,madison,and luois
hey we're just down the road - let's catch up and grab a beer soon
Welp! “ “ Jay-Z in the house for Jack White's Amex show in NYC. He's wearing a sweatshirt that says Billionaire.””
really getting into The Used's new album
Life throws you curve balls, you jus gotta step up to the plate with your game face on.
Sanity comes from routine - like Tweeting each day to see what the rest of the world is thinking! Are you insane?
I can't tell the difference between your tweets and during #raiders game. Angry #raiders fans.
Last night was of the chain thank everyone that came out. We back at again next Saturday nite. Lockland bar & grill 713 Wyoming . GPS it.
Its too hot to tweet!! lol
Hey, just wanted to remind you to Hold On For One More Day. In case you forgot. Your pal, Matt.
heading to bed the twitter app hates my phone and my iPad..
|| well I know Miami has Winter Music Conference and I've just never been to Cancun.
When men and women are able to respect and accept their differences then love has a chance to blossom. -John Gray
Yes! #ivotedyes ": DONT FORGET Vote YES for the #SAGAFTRA merger #oneunion Send your ballot in today."
me neither.
Btw, all you Twitter spammers can piss off! If I wanted a new iPad, & I don't, I surely wouldn't get from you!
forget a TV guide, The trends on twitter told me that forgetting sarah marshall was on and that bo burnham is on conan
#oomf doesn't believe I can sing like Usher.
I learned to always ask "What is the duration of this position?" when interviewing for a data job
lmfao study hall is the funniest shit ever.
is n my kitchen makin HERSELF a ribeye cooked RARE!!! Hm
So long Austin. It was a great year.
Have a good day at work
Ed White is the Phil Jackson of early American studies.
Hey Jon, thanks for the shout out!
Pretty much been with Brandyn the whole time, I got a job at Burger King but I haven;t started yet...livin the dream ahaaha.
guess if I had laser hairs, I'd want them removed too.
Recent #BC commit #MaxRicci interview complete, will be up on #EagleInsider shortly!
Went to Eastern Market yesterday, great day exploring
School should be fun in the morning. Considering im probably not sleeping until 2. :D hahano.
Read this about interviewing today: "A jerk in the lobby is always a jerk on the job." - Jeff Haden. True that.
Happy Friday! :)
Heterosexual men are seriously too loud at times when they drink. Don't get me started on whiney white girls. Like OMG!
When this song come on I'm spending money
RT : Work satisfaction (or lack thereof) definitely affects how open someone will be towards learning.
Our reports may not be as cheap as other small investigators but our quality truly gives you a bang for your buck :)
Buddy Holly glasses + new blue guitar = hipster transformation complete.
The joyous occasion of late night cookies, with the punishment of crumbs in bed.
Pizza joint down the street. Put on by AU student radio
its ill be sick
how did Shelby 1st break the news 2 u that he wanted 2 b a race car driver & what was your first reaction when he told u?? XOXOXO
i know..i just miss male affection without an erection..its so rare in college SMH..well maybe just life
I'll get with to discuss a plan to meet up ;)
'Cause you don't know her like I do You'll never understand You don't know we've been through That girl's my best friend
who you callin a girl?
I have six words for you. Guinness Chocolate Cake with Bailey's Buttercream. ; )
Linda is starting up workshops later this month on repurposing jewelry -- sign up now and you'll have a joyful new livelihood in the making!
Butterflies with Johnny DiLoretto this morning!
I'm that girl that would bust out laughing in the middle of dead silence, because of something that happened yesterday. :)
Tracy ups the challenge for HRod to give up 2 or more runs now with that blast. I think Henry is up for it!!!
thank u,im pretty good 2,not to brag & i got that colbert piece rocking.
great to meet last night. Talk product launch coming up? Caitlin would also love to talk about coworking space. Beer in Seattle?
Close the deal, Celts. You need those days off.
he said no you have a bf
Watching Andrea Mitchell Reports on MSNBC the topic.. Iowa specifically who's going to win Romney or Santorum? what happened to Paul
Great company name!
that outfit is a NO
Its karaoke !
Embarrass not embarass :( I blame this on
You ain't gotta lie no more...
"...what I am to you, is not real. What I am to you, you do not need. What I am to you, is not what you mean to me".
Wtf happened to Alesana being on this? I guess they'll do their own tour?
Uninviting people to the wedding , making several changes , ahh can sept come any faster ? I want this be over wit lpl
How much is your company spending on printing documents?Don't know?Let us show u how to take this variable cost & make it fixed & controlled
!!! RT : LA win this game so I can go to sleep!!!
leader appreciation dinner for young life! We had a blast
appreciate the RT alec!
That's a good feeling!!!
what up boss... working all day... song after song...krazyyy... whats up wit u
You can live with excuses but you can’t love with regrets-download- InSpotter app
These thoughts im having, smh
I think Nick should open a real groovy smoothie. People selling things on sticks. Good idea
In exactly one month I'll be playing at a pool party in Vegas...can't fucking wait!
yeah buddy :)
good bye&
Since there's no Strongman Ron videos on YouTube anymore, I'm curious as to what this actual link is
Starving so busy all I had today was an organic protein bar and Starbucks...
i'm so gutted your coming to the UK but not Ireland! BOO. please come somtime?
No problem! And thanks! :)
Hello Naturals!
pictures. Pictures. Pictures.
Dates to AD 1100-1600. Garden beds with pytholith evidence of maize and squash horticulture.
hmm, there's no place to click... condolences!
sounds like a plan to me
why don't they understand if he is with both of yall dnt fight eachother but get him
I wish you could've been here also! And man, I would KILL for El Mez right now! Miss you!!!
Sometimes I wish there was a restart button in life.
Brown.blonde >
#NASCAR time let's go!
Now I'm going back to sleep after last nights dreams of mirrors shattering and people jumping through them
Jesus Christ Superstar at the La Jolla Playhouse- in one word, amazing! Next stop, Broadway!
Great time at Portland Business Alliance's annual breakfast this morning. Loved meeting new Ducks. See many of you Thursday !
you deserve it!
/ Thanks! We see BUZbuz becoming a viral, games-based social marketing channel for global brands that doesn't exist today.
#artpolitics Foucault was wrong to say that sex was the truth of modernity, it was feeling and affect
Showing map rectifier, points out that job of a curator now includes building tools, working w/open data.
We was born to do this! We don't step on the scene - we create it! Funny when ya bitches say ya made it. Above ya, no los veooo <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2> jaja
kill it tonight.
I'm determined to get noticed by I love you Ari! <33
And in the end we wasted time and energy
I LOVE Skype!
NOBODY ASKED YOU!
My mouth is on FIRE thanks to Rice Bar's Gochujang Sauce.
#TeethOfTheDog is named after an iconic Pete Dye-designed golf course at Casa de Campo which is near La Romana, Dominican Republic
UK has shut down our interior O. Need outside shots to open it back up
That's great, I'm not a fan of soda myself. Do you put sugar or honey in it?
When Cher's new album comes out you can bet your ass i'm buying & i don't usually buy CDs.
Let's get it!!RT : On the way to the stadium, let's end the season on a good note and that's a win against the Patriots!!!
The King Tut exhibit in Dallas closes tonight. It remained open for 34 hours this weekend. I got up at 5 AM, in at 6:30 and spent 3 hours.
honey boo this isn't gonna work with you tweeting me. Hahaha
I ain't trying to be mean, but fuck team work. In this class I hate everyone, and I work better when I'm alone.
always! COME HOME ALREADY. Me, Gianna, and Kenifer wanna see you and we have a lot of catching up to do!
devil you know vs. devil you dont
Get over Hump Day with your friends @ Uptown Sports Bar! Enjoy $4.00 Alien Amber Ale, Margaritas, Long Islands
We have a prize closet and are giving away 2 tickets to the 5/15 Polyphonic Spree show at Turner Hall! Stay tuned to win this weekend!
chillen how about you
Everyone is playing
Hate hanging out with paranoid ass people I swear..
"I Will Always Love You." :-(
I'm on the G.G preview for this weeks episode yay!
Check out computer classes tomorrow: Gibson Lib spanish language MS Word class at 9:30 and Paseo Verde Lib Intro to Computers class at 10.
I'm a #Jamaican livinq in the US, you do sports?
I love it when librarians hold vendors hostage about their ridiculous pricing.
I swear I get carded for everything...I got carded at the damn movie theaters cuz the guy thought I was too young to be in there lol wtf
I forget you live in their home planet. LOL
she didnt come with us...text her
“A true disciple shows his appreciation by reaching further than his teacher.” Aristotle
now we have to run ten miles.
and i enjoy seeing and chatting.. is you lke to add for chat or more
Wishing a great first day back at school to all our patients & families!!
Don't Tell Mom The Babysitters Dead is on.
Tom Brady needs to get some lessons on posing for the camera from his wife who does that for a living #tomlooksstupid #whoapprovesthesepics?
I'm pretty sure I have a cold :/
need some new music. help anyone?
Gracias Carlina!!! Thank you for your love and kindness!!
it's utterly fantastic. Must watch. Troll 2 is mandatory viewing though.
RT“ A relationship ends once the trust is broken...”
Every time I'm nice, quiet and happy, assholes pull me back into why Mass Effect 3 was a fucking disaster because of the last ten minutes...
craig I have a huge event on tuesday that will have 500 giant fans, If you wanna give me some portraits of the
it's like you have selective memory or something! ;) he said he was going to campaign in "all 57 states"
I feel like a hero.
YO HOMIE,GO AHEAD AND CLICK THE FOLLOW BUTTON(;
But as a city we're not sure if there is a policy on tree allergens. (UFA) have a stance on it? Don't know!
And I'm back! It must be spring in the 'banks cause I'm on the front desk, starting a new summer season at the ;-)
Awake at an ungodly hour, trying to work out the kinks of 'transcendent interests' in Hobbes's Leviathan. Coffee will be my reward.
that you will get through this with an even better job that doesn't stress you out so much!! :)
#blush....YOU KNOW MY STYLE I SAY ANYTHING TO MAKE YOU SMILE...^___^
#1001MiamiWaysToDie contracting a disease caught from the south beach savage
Thanks to the fam for the warm welcome! , , , ,
Who is ready to take Pasco's Trivia Challenge at 12pm noon?
Lol. That's one way of looking at it...
Luke Ridnour needs to bring his fro back.
You're welcome
Nothing great will ever be achieved without great men, and men are great only if they are determined to be so.
Sox got 1 run ya know we need more! Go Youk add on!
I think a wedge might help getting the snow off the driveway back home
I must not be living right.
In class, just finished workout
......hm thts all there is, wow i thght there would be mre 2 it, im bored!!!!...k im off this gonna go enjoy sme mre wonders of life : )
no just in general. 2 glasses was just too much for him.
Trying to make it to church!!
We're looking for case study participants. If you would like some help renting your vacancy and are interested in trying our new...
Strange SF Observation: There are almost no trashcans in public places here, yet there is also almost no litter.
Protein Balance Found to be Key to Successful Weight Loss Diet
Submitting reports all day tomorrow, then getting ready for another shoot.
Making a summer bucket list :3
is this really happening? yay!
Amen!! RT : Praise God!! always live for HIM
Israeli President Shimon Peres to the White House for a working lunch.
First rehearsal for the show done! This is going an amazing show. And we can't wait to show off the beanie babies! :)
The Jets should start Tebow..so when he suck NY will boo him out of the NFL...& we never have to talk about this garbage qb again in life
The last minute is 59 more seconds than I need.
I told her come fuck wit me da Long way
How can I tell a girl she's sexy without saying the word sexy?
A walk to remember? <3
YAY YAY YAY. RT : I can't take it any more. I'm calling in to the
it's cool lol
I really enjoyed Tweet, I hope Jasmine Sullivan doesn't go out like Tweet did.
Make your own?
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music! Is that you?
thanks for following us. We are glad to be partnering with you to improve literacy in Los Angeles!
90's Batman cartoons on HUB. Just thought you all should know.
Rain is too important/for a false canopy.
I hope Eric Young ends Crimson's undefeated streak. Honestly, I will mark out if it happens.
#imissyoubut you kept drawing pictures of angels on my dads car even after he told you to stop. Still not cool.
Valu-Pass provides member only benefits and discounts programs and was founded on the idea that everyone deserves to save money.
frequently, both as rentor and rentee. Which are you looking to do, happy to share some tips
Message To DC Politicians: Stop shooting craps with our country! Fix the debt ceiling problem or we'll put people into office who will.
An says, "yawn!" Cat complies, and stretches, too.
I have a legit shot to be one if mac miller and french montana are artists.
yea but u been dodgin ur payments
I hate morning classes.
Forecast for Rest Of This Afternoon: Occasional showers with isolated thunderstorms. Highs around 70. Southeast winds...
FF If you are looking for a great person for marketing reach out to Stephanie
Launched new company Stone Canyon Promotions
i only know 1 sarah so every time i listen to "sarah smile" it reminds me of once-said sarah & honestly...ima marry that one
does anyone else agree with my last tweet?
What kind of car would you like? You might be surprised at what we could do for you.
It's raining, so I have 7 students. Kind of hope or stays like this... Nice and quiet.
Today, my mind is like my golf swing!
Man I'm in a daze wakin round round in a maze, theres money to be made so I'm on a paper chase
Reading Simplicity Marketing and A New Brand world, antique hunting & a little redecorating = A relaxing weekend
Just stick to C for that. C++ has too much extra complicated stuff slapped on top of C that wont help your foundation.
why? Where are you? Come to Groppi's.....
Had a perfect dinner at #Locanda. And now my cab is playing Human Nature by MJ.
RBP (Really big picture) Series on future events. Science predictions based on Sun’s luminosity rising 10% every 1.1 billion years.
Really? You guys can't post a direct link to the story? And, the story isn't even on the front page of your site. Useless.
My mom's care at Scripps Mercy has been 5 star. Your people are terrific. Many thanks.
Just read: Indonesia executes three men for the 2002 bombings in Bali that killed more than 200 people,
Oh I'm a lightweight. Better be careful what you say. With every word I'm blown away. You're in control of my heart. <3
"Can you keep a Secret Service?" - Robin Williams
Just getting back in from helping my sister move. I'm tried as hell right now
how's everything going? Thinking of you & grandma
October, Breast Cancer Awareness Month. Today, Metastatic Breast Cancer Awareness Day. METAvivors will change their fate. www.metavivor.org
Let's go Bucky!
hello how ru doing
I guess ill be on twitter more often again, well see. Maybe possibility of doing a youtube vid..well see
Na. Need the link
Presenting Situational Awareness using #GIS at #Microsoft Public Safety Symposium next week.
Still packing.
Follow and help us get to 8,000 followers!
U dnt grind you dnt shine you dont work you dont eat!
RT : Life is only as hard as your make it seem.
Are you bloggers? If so, what topics do you blog about? When did you get started?
S/0 to my new follower
Ask a Zipster friend to refer you and you'll both get driving credit!
What fine lady wants to go to the katt williams show with me end of the month. Sexy body, pretty feet and open toe heels are a must.
15 characters...breaking all the rules. Lets economize !
Dude, weirdly enough, last night I had the same dream about going back to HS haha. Glad I'm not there anymore!
I better have a drink! Jane! Get me some ice.
I have a friend who punched his ceiling (we were in a basement) when Favre threw that INT against the Giants in 07.
Getting ready to populate site with your business. If it is there, upgrade to showcase and start receiving customers.
Recurring memories turn to recurring nightmares.
Not n a good mood this AM. But, it'll get better...visit w/fam, cook, then chick-food-wine (anti-Superbowl) party w/my girls.
great sound to hear!!!
I am not handling this well. No wonder doesn't like watching games with me.
Bookclub tip 4;For variety, pick a topic and have each member read a different book.
aww I miss you more hun
Would love to speak iLog Rules Engine Developer sometime today...Anyone know of someone? I have 2 immediate needs here in Fort Lauderdale,…
Telford and Wrekin Council hit by foster care costs - BBC News
cant believe how much money I just spent on multi-city flights... GRRRRRR... can I be a PT stewardess??
never to late to start :)
Blah school
Will u ever notice me? Tweet me if u do.
Hey Girl Scout, let your mom handle my cookie transaction. I don't have all day to watch you practice math.
I don't have them saved. But I LOVE a soirée! :)
Disagree. I can't stand Duke, and that miracle minute was one of the most amazing things I've seen.
Twitter me this twitter me that!!???
I know what you mean!
Oh that is hilarious on the Legging comment. So True!
Put a crackhead with OCD in a room full of light switches and watch the entire building go up in flames.
If they put adventure time and regular show on Netflix I might as well drop out of school
Follow us on Twitter & Like Inner Beauty Salon and Suites Facebook page
.... Hmm creepy. I need to talk to someone so badly& you're perf. Please Hurry and get home(:
Anyone else catch this from CFM re: innovation? "There seemed to be a tendency for proposals to originate in the education depts."
IM TUNED-IN & TUNED-UP TO THE #RGR W/ PRESS #1 TO TALK 7148680247
Faith in greater purpose gives people desire to strive for better. Evolution & reason define the details of our learning along this journey.
“: #MentionTo your friend who always understands you.”
My status.... She blocked me after that. hahah
Nathaniel Emmons~ Just definitions either prevent or put an end to a dispute.
#Riseandwine sunny & brisk Saturday. A day without a to do list...pure diva bliss!
Charlie! What's up man? How are you?
u need to ask off wendsdays!>:(
FYI I assigned a new task "stop being a DB" :)
I message them and they reply back to me sometimes they don't reply but they are all very nice
Gonna hit my 10k today , who wants it?!?!!!
my chin's naked again, & hockey season for Chicago is over. Afghan Whigs & Dinosaur Jr on shuffle. wait til next year indeed,
tell me who gets this
What happened to your truck?
are you in Vegas?
Sayin bitch does not make mature Pickin on nerds does not make you reach of blessing think what your gonna say or do before you say or do it
I hate my smile . And most of the time when I show it , it's not real . Im never actually HAPPY these days .
Tweeting the PSq stakeholders meeting
Thanks for the re-follow Colleen. Have a good morning.
29.81 fps? how in the world does one arrive at that? oh well..
Thanks for the #shoutout everyone! Have a happy Tuesday!
I think as long as your funny anything is possible...:)
RT : so really the cigar should be from jeff GO JIMMY
We're in the studio, cutting WWII sounds for a future Soundpack.
COMPLETELY FREE or 50% off on Limo rides for W-Limo wedding clients - for your feedback and wedding pics
Almost time for OBGYN appoint!! :)
I should not b eating this steak egg n cheese baagel from mcdonalds right now
apparently it wasn't enough lol but is going and reaping us :D
aww that sucks! :( Sorry!
I wonder if is online...
March Madness. Just found out that my favorite American Idol is in DC.
...seemingly unable to stand, much less throw the first pitch in Miami.
at 19$ what a steal!
aww I love you babe<3 your tweets always make me happy :)
Thanks for the review. Cheers!
ok sounds good. I'll let you pick the place of your loss
i guess ill start on this t-shirt order for the church now!
RT Good morning twitter! How is everyone? Keep an eye out for some new items we have! Anyone have any special requests?
I'm excited for the new Men in Black movie, and I don't care who knows it.
gorgeous. I do like the name too.
@ applebees having lunch with my sisters and niece! I'm starving!!
I'll have to read this when I get back to my desk
i followed
hello Leema Lee will you follow me beautiful thanks.xoxo ;-)
I think it's which texts are analyzed. Jockers focused on 19c, couldn't as easily explore 20c due to (c) lock.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me. Fred Allen
Did you know that 1/3 of all power in the northeast is used by computers?
Happy birthday, Mr. President!
are the today show folks losing it? Used to be so strong! Now if the duggars aren't having a baby it's puppy custody? Sheesh
or Krusty the Clown from The Simpsons.
thankyou!RT Woke up to the sound of a woman getting raped in my building at 1am, called 911, dude apprehended 20 minutes later.
i know lol i suck next tweet will be so epic you'll probably favorite it, retweet it and use it a couple of months down the line
I'm going to miss having movie nights with her.
Shade tree mechanic... Minus the shade. F word.
What have I become, my sweetest friend.....
yep yep! Where did all the good cartoons like that go to?
Getting ready to talk about 1984. Would have been helpful if I had brought it and or read it.
hi-hats look like clams
Here's an update on that girl...she's blowing me off, haha. She gave me her # & now when she sees me it's like I don't exist.
Whole love
What's with the influx of 13 year old girls in belltown?
I'm tweeting as I'm watching pre-game from YES
Baxter: in some final judgement, you will be judged by the way u treated the poor person at ur door
Let's get rid of term "web extra."
Take 2 of #stlouismain planning on accumulating just as I did this morning however with different results.
Last min. invites are never a good thing...
By kicking Gaga's nose in, Britney would actually be doing Gaga a favor.
I Love How Everyone Is Just Leaving Me.
At the MoFo/WashBusJournal 5th Annual Federal M&A Outlook #M&A
Giggas nudging me...
Im going to be a better tweeter one day i swear
Its cute when Nehemiah gets mad ^.^
dude it was lip synch day and luckily I was there. It was hysterical!
Cant wait to get my hamsters next week!!!! :))! What shall i name them? :0
Am I the only human being whose thoughts are unordered?
I think I got in my good deeds for the next fee days tonight
Housing a crunchburger at with
BU's Senior Week Sox game is tomorrow - tonight is just a generic College Night. But still a lot of BU kids there tonight...
welp, for some reason my photos from the game never uploaded so everyone prob thinks I wasn't even on the field lol #restassure I was there
Hey Abby, glad you enjoyed the guide. It was truly a labor of love. :)
Give credit when it's due. Okay, I'm done.
Geeks Who Drink Pub Quiz allows for 6 per team. It will hurt your brain...but the beers help that.
awesome sauce :) ...how bout yous??
Think Hugh's beat u 2 it! “:mislaid my s.s. # & medical records. Have a call into News of the World staff to recover them.”
Resorted to Burroughs-ing the website to fix the layout. Print it out. Cut it up.
Even though I'm sick, my throat hurts, and I can't breathe out of my nose... ALWAYS makes me feel better
thnx for the tweet. shoot us a dm w/ your email. we can access your voucher that way.
YUP A healthy D..cept #36....will look a lot different next week vs. past 5 weeks....
love life nd the people in it
What time of the day did you weighin on BL?
2013 Ford Escape engines EPA-certified at 30 mpg highway or better All three engine offerings for the 2013 Ford Escape were certified by
Nothing like an apple for breakfast.
Biggish shoot tomorrow, wish us luck
Love is like the sun coming out of the clouds and warming your soul.
I still talk to Robbie all the time
Gah! When I log in to online, they display a full-page, high interest credit card offer with a hard-to-locate "No Thanks" button.
Getting to spend the day outside by the pool was wonderful. Cooking Italian tonight & enjoying life.
was it 1 of Riske's kids? Saw them Sunday and they both had a cannon.
Wayne Greenhaw tomorrow! We have a very special guest to introduce him! Hint: Jacket blurb!
you wish you were as fresh as me :) ur 1 step closer if you check #karmaloop and #plndr save 10% EVERY MFKG TIME w/ repcode MARYJANEEATER
No matter where I am, when the TP runs out, I seek out and replace the roll.
What about SM with clients? RT : A5. Firms must have regular ads in client publications; 7 exposures at a minimum.
equipment has been moved to Settings. But we're going to bring it back more front-and-center in v3.3.
GO DEVILS!!!!
Hi Friend
Bootleg of his own production "SHE SHE LAND" and production "ZERO 76" is INSANE! This is a KILLER Track!
there went my night :/
Can we come work for you? RT : 1st CHO decision: Upgraded office coffee fr. Max House to Seattle's Best. Encore ideas?
well-played, sir
Officially Retiring from Kickball in a month. Ceremony will be on October 2nd.
Yeah, not such the fan of eggs, but hey, the Bowl of Papas (sans eggs) FREAKIN AWESOME!
its because your the uglyist bitch alive
i need 8 more followers!
It's 50 degrees in December!! A perfect day to visit the B&O!
Sextones are playing, I have open slots :D
I love the luke and liea theory for faraday and charlotte
blah blah! Whatever :)
WOW a great 8 AM crowd at Multiplication to Ratio, Proportion, and Fractions session at
Twins are the best this world has seen
&& I know ur grandma made cupcakes for caseys bday, where are mine?
Think I'm behind. Saw one violation.. ": I'm waiting for the final outcome of the Tebow trade before I UNLEASH."
Lol I'm sorry!! I was in the process of opening my 1st location here in Chicago so that took all my time. Atl next!!
#Tomorrowbook Stop asking and just take action
Thanks for following, !
And it's not mean. Just an observation. Incorrect yolo usage.
if you don't like it, can you return it?
Getting ready to spend a FULL day in IDHS bidders conferences that should instead take a total of 2 hours.
I need tissue.
Evernote, Penultimate, Keynote, Crackle, Scrabble, Flipboard and Currents. Loads of social and shopping apps too :) Have fun!!!
You're human. I'm sure we've all had friends fail the autism friendship test. I certainly did. It's sad.
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Gay Rights
Happy birthday to the wonderful !
Someone's got to. :)
you were friends with a friend
RT : Edwin van der sar...some great saves today...nothing new there then!
we have an offer on the table for this summer we hope it works for the 2nd annual Froggy 104.9 Field Party
happy mothers day mommy<3
GREAT advice! > MT “: I've had good luck working w/ local musicians getting them to help out for good price. #revideo”
Dang RT : Nnemkadi Ogwumike had 39 points; the rest of the Stanford team had 37
thanks for the follow your site is top notch
1. "I’ve always taken my love for Wilco with a grain of salt" makes me so sad. Same as the myth of "guilty pleasure." Love what you love.
aw.... SO CUTE! My son's still up right now... kicking a soccer ball & pretending he's playing. :o)
From revolution to freedom?
#Pacers looking god!
I will check and get back to you by tomorrow
me follow me
Always ask open questions - who, what, how, when, why, also "Tell me about..."
Bought my #Bold 9930 yesterday! I'm so excited. I can't wait to get it!
Great work, Ma'am! I congratulate you. X
when's da last time u saw somebody comment from da studio saying "yo, we just wrote a song that'll b here 20 yrs from now & still relevant"
yea. its almost over forever...a tear! lol.jk! life must go on...
Behind every mask lies a man who can't live in his own skin
game's not on here, tell me he didn't...
RT : SWEET DREAMS FRIENDS XO
follow , you'll be alright lol
Check out from presenting Google Analytics 101 University
okay they're bumping some Josh Groban here at Miller Park. Guess we know Rich Rod's new job.
i guess her mom had a miscarriage ..
stfu. But that's a lot of extra work when you can just look at them on fb duh
u are gonna win a VMA.... there is no doubt about it BROTHER!!!!!!!
what's the difference between Real 3D and IMAX 3D? Size of the screen?
In 1979, in front of the Egyptian pyramids, Sinatra performed for Anqar Sadat.
yea i understood it, that's why i was like whoa i guess my spanish classes are working haha (but my gramatics are iffy lol)
Or rather, cover your eyes with these sunglasses your dad got you, honey? RT : Mae: Is that my Daddy?! Me: Avert your eyes, honey.
Stoughton and Deforest student sections are two of the loudest I've heard all year!
UMass-Amherst has announced its writer-in-residence in history: #TonyHorwitz. Very exciting. His first event is on 3.14 at the university.
Just a reminder workshops start tomorrow at 8:30AM. See you then
At what point does a Walker supporter become offended? He thinks you are all stupid!
NOT TO MENTION THE VDAY EPISODE IS RELEASING ON VDAY ITSELF, WHICH IS MY BRITHDAY!?!?!?1?.
Visit our "Super Cute" store in the Galleria at Sunset in Henderson!!! Spend $100 and SAVE $20 INSTANTLY!!! Kawaii!!!
i have never seen anything there either so I think that would be a perfect first event :)
Omg my mom turned down a proposal lol thank you LORED #LEGGO #swag srry I just don't like him sometimes xD
Damn. Everytime I come to work early. Something breaks. CPATHS are not linking with my code. Guess I will surf the net until my team come.
YAY!!! Finally it's about time he's home!!
“: If your business is #food, #fashion, #style, or #home and hasn't piqued your interest yet, perk up!!!”
This does not surprise me, but where did you hear this?
is the BOMB..
Wait if you're going to be on your laptop why not just-- Actually, okay. Sounds good. :)
Oh Okay, sounds intriguing!!! :) I just read The Alchemist, and now I'm on to "The Four Agreements" So good! Enjoy your books!
Don't hold your breath I'm not losing sleep over you.
I gotta testify. Come up in the spot lookin extra fly. Til the die I die, I'mma touch the sky<3
OMGG!! Can't wait to see them!
back at you and to!!! Xoxoxoxo
have any powershell scripts to make me a more consistent golfer?
Thanks, Tom. Definitely see you at Mai Fest.
Happy Birthday!!
I have nothing to do... someone entertain me?
living the life? Kbs for breakfast!
Thanks for the congratulations. We're excited about the competition.
Np! Follow my band
fantastic job tonight Becca! Loved the show!
I LOVE TORNADOS.
addicted much? (:
you're kinda lame...or asleep.
The most essential gift for a good writer is a built-in, shockproof shit detector. - Hemingway
Just chillin enjoying my packs success. Life is good and packeritis is strong
RT : GOP is about control over the American people. It's more important than money or budget. It's about dividing the country.
It was.... Soap... Poisoning.... Ah. "ah, I told you not to use Lifeboy"
No breaking down today but if you do, don't call me.
Today we speak w/ writer Adam Gopnik, about why he thinks French cooking is becoming passé, and why some kitchens resemble science labs
well since I was totally a witch in Macbeth in my drama class in high school... I do
Nice camera tracking applications in Android OS!
wine is definitely in order for tonight!!!
my jaw is the ultimate drum machine.
Eddie Palmieri at #Yoshis SF and Encuentro del Canto Popular @ the Brava SF as well with John Santos among others. Support LIVE music!
Why do you have to scroll (at snails pace) past accounts & lists just to get to searches? I wish you could start fresh & search
i do feel sorry for you! lol.
#travisclark what's your favorite song on sunshine state of mind? :)
I think he fell asleep on me before he could even call me back :/ i guess basketball has really been killing him this week love you babe!
Hi! All 4 of my uncles were in the NYPD. I am from Long Island, myself.
Where you at boo? We miss you around these parts.
thought i was dying earlier this week. turns out i was wrong. carry on.
My sister won third for her Bo Kata... yay Kiana!
Sorry, that is a gift from on high. Only a very special few can do it. And no, he really isn't on twitter, which is fun.
me too! btw what is your profile picture of? loool
haha pretty sure i was still drunk at work this morning...i spelled the special wrong on the board
We are looking for a Proofreader- Contract in Dallas. Email
That's why they don't call it a tire chipper, I suppose.
We're shooting stuff for the Tux & Tennies gala with the right now. did a great job with his French. Tres bien!
Pearson = Son of Pear #Coincidence?
Haha I was mocking a few buddies after their loss. Mavs fan for life!
I wanna see my mom but not with a hangover
It sucks when you're ignored by the person whose attention is the only thing you want in the world.
get better fast Rampage! You're my favorite fighter! :)
": Buffalo Wild Wings with the husband and the prettyface. <3" omg I'm the husband!!! <3
Likewise Brotha! Cheers! RT : Aloha and Mahalo for the follow. Keep the good eats comin.
Everyone needs a good tea-bagging every once in awhile!!!
All I can say is wow!
2 Sessions today back to back Jussed and John Douja
just gathered the pages for Cavities Issue. DECEMBER 15TH GET READY.
Oh yes. Got a good laugh out of that one haha
HA! I saw you in a #3Ninjas Movie!!
Tonight on #Hoarders one of my star my employees and a couple buddies will be representing the blue crew
Who wants a teaser of our new song? ;)
Girl! It was so crazy!!! I'm still shocked! I'll give you the deets later! :)
God please forgive me for my sins .
Had a good day so far went swimmin now who knows wat else imma do today
When do feel love?
Xavier drives to the hoop uncontested! Now the #Aztecs have a 90-85 lead with 3 mins left in OT. TCU takes a 30 sec timeout.
Will or be at USAH Pacific Districts? Bet they will, and bet I'll see both of them as I'm tweeting updates
u should come tiny chat with me then :)
Thanks a lot, man. I'm pumped!
Destery... Just because your mom tells you " i love you" doesnt mean she your girlfriend... Naaa jk its about time;3
New day...Putting the #Comets loss behind me. Focusing on a #SportingKC win! Bring it!
yes, Houston Wildcats. What you got
oh bruno mars u so funny <3 you
that was part of the original intent, the yahoo node.js framework does similar
yeah! :( I think I moved something in my spine :/
Wow. People keep phone histories like they would track their car ownership history before.
yo what the fuck i told you now when i see you we going to have problems
To say I'm freaking out right now would be an understatement. OH EM GEE!
Have you listened to Gangsta Grass?
hahaha I just wanted to see if it worked...i take it it didnt
Thanks We're excited to bring the race to the #Yorkshire area! If you guys need anything from let me know!
I only got 145
Who is #househunting today?
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
Feel Better I Miss You N Love You Bro #NoHomo I was thinking bout u all week Feel Better! U Gunna be back in no time to bruh
congrats Michael!!
On My Way, dude! LOL
tell me why some dude told me I sound like Childish Gambino over XBL hahahahaha
Thanks! I'm excited! (Nervous too!)
Had a great rehearsal with our 21 finalists! They all worked so hard! There literally was blood sweat and tears!
OK, that's a good answer! You win.
RT : Keep the words flowing my friends! You can do this!! #dfwrhinos #nanowrimo Put #writeordie to good use...it will help!
Another wonderful show! Thank you for the fantastic feature on our lil lefty Stephen Campbell. One proud mama...
no problem dude
RT The "anticircumvention" provisions of the DMCA are like that hypothetical law against opening the hood of your own car.
Have you heard #MILF ?
I can't watch this fucking game......
good suggestion will pass along
every day?
Saw a biker today that really inspired me! He was pulling a BIG bike trailer and in the trailer was his upright bass! Awesome!
oh ya know just for the weekend. :)
“: you might wanna wear a mask!!! Lol thank you” Got my Emergen-C on deck!
Working Saturdays isn't so bad when the programs I'm covering include The Dark Crystal & a folk guitarist in the stacks.
thank you for the follow!
Wow great long night for me
You know you're a Dallas Stars fan if you rooted for the Mavs to win the NBA because it's nice to see someone playing in AAC in June.
hey baby, u sleeping?
You ought to hear the involved technical explanation of a grade B egg. It's so involved and technical it doesn't make sense. [1944]
im in love with sugarscape xx
8th grade sucks
Thanks to & for taking action to protect direct care workers.
This new #PaulWeller is really good. He just keeps doing it right.
Lets go Rangers!
Sahr is kicking it on the Colbert show. Check it out!
Can't spell LeVelUp without "LUV"!
Isn't the moon supposed to be really close too? Happy early Birthday!
Lebron free gums, dri fit t shirt, and two sleeveless nikepro shirts for gym...$120 $winning
tune in for some awesome photo tips!
This zoo trip sucks ass, This trip is too good to be true ! I have to be optimistic.
Just heard you all mentioned on HLN, wish all schools had the same rules ....
RT : We're up for voting in the Business Journal's Brand Madness Competition! Vote now for Summerfest, voting ends......
"When life is sweet, say thank you and celebrate, and when life is bitter, say thank you and grow."
GIANT NIALL POSTER.
nasty strippers with bad teeth! NO
this is more important than Happy Hour
We're at the BSO eating cookies and looking at #globeposter until 8:30, come join us!!!
Thanks! I am excited and ready to go.
If someone post 4+ times on same topic, I get annoyed. But if I see loads of ppl in network on same topic, I want in
My friends and I are playing a house show in my backyard (684 N Idlewild) this Friday (30th) at 7pm...you should come
played it. killed about 10 minutes
"Hi. I'm _______ . What's your name?"
they're hyper-active after that Fox 29 report last week
Favorite comment so far, "god forbid not all of us run straight home for some DnD or WoW."
#WillingHAM #Twins I love this guy.
We have a very dedicated group of students working hard to help spread the word about Gears and kickstarter!
you're right.
Relocated to #wynwood peeps....we'll be here for a little while so you can pass by for some much needed sweetness
Looking to sell your home in 2011 or know someone who is? This is a great read for you! goo.gl/DY2C3
Where them fakers fans at
THANKS! Hope all is well!
- ha ha! I need to find pictures of that!
RT #Follow for DC/VA #Apartment Info in #Redskins Country!
Keith Olbermann, host of msnbc's Countdown was suspended over making political contributions to candidates running for office.
WHY do we keep trading our picks!? I'll take that 3rd round pick we just got, but come on! I want Ronnell Lewis! He's gonna kill it!
Want a followback ? Then go follow Right Now , And Retweet This & Refresh Your Page And You'll Have New Fol...
Thanks Guys!
Currently ninth in line at Ollie's Trolley in Louisville. Gotta have my Ollie w cheese.
I seriously cannot believe that ending to
thanks... That means a lot to me Katie.. <3
Good night my fellow tweeters.
how goes it?
I want to be the first to know if you have any success with that.
Can I get some more followers please or some retweets I am such an inspirational artist lol follow me ;)
Worst part is seeing those psychos from Philly happy. Wizards will never win until they change their name back to Bullets.
News Update: Mitt Romney has won Nebraska and Oregon primaries. Ron Paul has dropped out for remaining states giving Romney a clear path
Why I thought watching Law & Order CI was more productive than getting ready for work I'll never know
We’re yet to see the publisher produce anything major on that front, though
literally blew a gasket last night.test ifttt
Back on top of my money finally bills paid and all Finna get cut up and Lit
If you are in the area of Imperial Beach on Tuesday, then LOOK FOR THE MAN WITH THE SILVER PAN IN HAND!
Momma has to go buy me more treats so that I can wake Daddy up at 3 AM & bark at him until he gets me one...until then I want pizza ;)
! RT : Check Free, real world info about #PTSD, #TBI, & #LifeAfterCombat from ppl who’ve been there & done that!
The last time I gave a urine sample, there was an olive was in it
It's freezing outside >.<
I believe 4 and then they all share an open large space. The site exists at the elementary level
Emotional #GrammyAwards -- Probably one of the best I've seen in a long time. Amazing performances.
teenwork.ca (teenworkca) thanks for the follow.
"What do you fear?" "A cage. To stay behind bars until use & old age accept them & all chance of valor has gone beyond recall or desire."
Love that feeling as a football player B-)
Great tips on FB engagement for B2B brands - Intel is doing some cool stuff - thanks for sharing!
really? what does she look like...a troll?
only if I can be the little spoon <U+26A1><U+2614><U+2614><U+26A1><U+2614><U+2601><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Math state tests -_-
Diane Latiker = Amazing woman.
Shoot - I thought you meant, you know, be blew up. Boom.
off with it!
Bahahaha, turning hoes into housewives! MT : yep. That one, too. She will from now be known as "Virginia Housewife."
You should come watch the Teen Wolf finale with me! (;
Yeah!! RT : lets get this visual going indigo ! Dm you contact information or email to
"San Diego Electrician" 619-548-8108: San Diego Electrician
plz follow mhe ima real big fan of u beauty and star iwould like to make a song with u guys one day <3
This song just fucked up my mood. But I can't stop listening to it </3
Can we have our 70 degree weather back? Yes I'm a wimp when it comes to the cold!
MY MOTHER WOULD BE PROUD!!! lol jk m
Thanks for sharing your brilliance with the world :-)
What's twitter 4 again Dkm
Like a boss.
No silly LoL of course its more for looks but I guess I would have to move a little in it, I'm not gonna be doing Christina
A man's silence is wonderful to listen to. Thomas Hardy
How long does a harp stay in tune? About twenty minutes, or until someone opens the door.
This shit crazy
Thank you Pmore. I am finally with the times eh? I have to get my head out of the books sometimes so I making strides.
I'm attracted by looks. Personality makes me stay. <3
My mentions tonight, tho>>
..feel ya, my apple!
don't root for #Clippers bc of the owner, but that was pretty amazing.
Yea what ? I am wrong ? Ur team is gonna win more than 5 games ?
On the far side of TSA security I'm relearning the economic laws of supply and demand.
The holidays are great and all but I need a break from my family......
Words are words ...
PACERS win!
The discussion is fairly heated. My Phd students are a bit upset by Sir Keith Thomas on 'Young Academics' in Indy.
thats funny! #bonding ": I'm shadowing aaron at Concordia in the next couple weeks hahahhahaha #thiswillbegood"
bro you dont wanna do that
Haha it's too hot here
someone's actually getting TWO dead gators in the mail. i didn't want to separate them. like kittens, basically.
going to be so jealous of the girl that marries you someday.
A father is always making his baby into a little woman. And when she is a woman he turns her back again.
rolled of the bed shot back pow pow
look at your head-Les deal is being great thanks all checkout the rest of the interview.
Good point. Or know thyself (read: just drink vodka instead).
I need some space bags
Love that Biden was in town & all I'm seeing is that he had jenis. Shows what really gets ppl -including me- excited about politics.
It was good, I hear you all had a real defensive battle. Glad to hear our defense did so well
I really like #Oomf even though we just met but it doesn't seem the same on his end.
KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe News Weather, Video - France chooses a new ... - KTVN
Morning Peeps ( :
I was serious x] it was funny
Obsessing over how freaking cute was when she was little!!!
indeed we do! well imma be intown tomorrow! well today so hmu!
#letsbringback Everyone's Self-confidence
Dr. West is flat out rocking and rolling regarding President Obama on Al-Jazeera right now.
Ditto for you from Cool stuff ur doing--wish I had s.m. class when I was here. Course web wasn't invented yet. :)
I just made swiss and mushroom quiches so delicious that I ate one even though I have adverse reactions to eggs.
AABP is hosting a 6 week tournament starting next week...$250.00 payout..you know anyone who'd be interested?
I think the day went by ok..
I will be stoping for dinner tonite!
RT this if you think I should change my mind and run for re-election cause & are boring
Really? Great! No one cares.
I was told Unaffiliated ballot only had the amendment on it, that's it. Not sure if there are any other non-partisan races.
Want a pair of white Georgetown Day sunglasses? Just show your debit card to a teller tomorrow and ask
The last Wednesday of the month is always Biker Movie night This week I think is I bought a Vampire Motocycle
#AmITheOnlyOneThat said good night too soon? Tired but far from sleepy :/
Whoops, that's WELCOA. One L, not two.
Join us Trucko de Mayo, biggest Food Truck party on the East Coast!! RFK Stadium Lot 3 11:30-9:00!
No traffic out. Great time for a scooter ride.
FF thanks for the continued support
Oh sorry, #teamAdam you lost. #teamBlake all the way.
I don't think the cast members write that themselves. It's probably someone in web production that did that. AWFUL.
In related news, iPhone autocorrects 'Lojban' to 'Libyan'.
i'm not gonna tweet like crazy about my boyfriend, but i'm very happy with my life at this moment. <U+2665>
me either
RT : Many of us in the US have off today. Regardless of if you do or not, try to keep in mind why.
Q3 What are the biggest hurdles in implementing mobile marketing?
ok just be sure to let the Hotel know you are expecting a package. I would hate for your #wiredwaffles to get returned
Tomorrow will be open-your-windows-and-enjoy-the-fresh-air-day!
you killed it tonight!
i hate it when people point or stare like what u lookin at what u got somethin 2 say like what u lookin at bra bra
It's like I see all these people on Twitter into and knowledgeable about the sport, Yet I can't find one like that :/ lol
Prayers up to my CHS fam affected by the loss of Tendai. I didn't know the dude, but I can see the affect he had on all my lil homies.
I walked pass you in NY Nov. 2001 on my way to see phantom of the opera/ it felt like I saw a ghost lol... like he's real?
Teaching girls how to play football is tough.. -__- welp time to eat some taco bell & wait for a call. #todaywasgood(:
Thank you to everyone who helped support #MamasDay2012! What was your favorite part of the evening?
Rogue Dead Guy Ale is really good. I know you were wondering.
you're so caring to your fans! :D
justin bieber
We had a great time seeing you too!
thank you for looking out for the animals big man. You are a voice for good!
If I find any, they're all yours! I support my local kinksters.
I'm going with books....oh and parenting
This is how #Philly DOES IT! RT : Dilworth is clear, no arrests, no violence. Philly Police professional #occupyphilly peaceful.
i wanna vote again but i cant it wont let me grrrrrrrrr
Gen-X
Good Night everyone (:
MC CHALLENGE THIS SUNDAY!!!!!!! hint,nudge,wink (vice hopes she gets my good side) lol
Heading to church.....maybe tanning later?
#whyamithinkingthesethings because our wives won't let us leave on tuesday
I'm all for conferences in cities where I live, or where I know a lot of people with couches.
Sorry, we depend on APIs that are only in Snow Leopard and higher.
This one hits close to home RT : I have to constantly help my parents with technology.
How pissed is Daequan Cook right now? If the Heat win the title, I vote he gets a ring as well.
Truth builds trust. -Marilyn Suttle
it's NOT a warranty issue. I'm idiot who lost part. Fine. It's about politeness, service, openness. RIM flunks on all points.
Good morning my twitters lovers, whats cooking.
"Dad, that tree wouldn't go in our front yard." "It's not going in our front yard, Russ. It's going in our living room."
Game 1 of the Eastern Conference Semis will be at the Gahhhden Saturday night. Yeah. That's mind-boggling. But wicked awesome!
I love Bella Thorne she's unique in her own way she's a great dancer and i look up to her in fact people always say I look like her
who are you with?
but I wouldn't b actually DOING anything. Its sorta like masturbation....kinda sorta
I love your Dad...he's so sweet!
now you know how I felt when you, and were all over my twitter feed about that damn baseball stadium...
Jane Yow from the Performance Link, will be our guest speaker tonight at 5:30. Bring a friend or potential new member! See you all there!
I'm back on my grind...ugh ( Rick Ross voice )
Happy Friday the 13th witches! I'm staying in a hotel with a 13th floor. Also, I am bewitching.;)
she wish she had my life & not those 2 kids so whatever
Hi Cory and thank you for following. Your book, from what I've read is a must have. I'll keep track of you posts Best wishes to you
Poor hoodrat Evelyn Lozada. The only thing in her vocab is the f bomb and bi*^h to jumping on tables. #shame Do better!
I want to, but it didn't work out this year....next year!!
Happy birthday to the Petes -
I'm a chicken-hawk re: Iran, but took pause today wondering if the West might be creating another 1930s Germany.
Matt Kemp wasn't lying when he said he was going for a 50-50 season...he's Barry Bonds scary right now.
Whats with AZ and the legislature?
hey hon (not sure who this is on the twitter) you should make your mj shirts the twitter picture :)
WOW!!! len gves a TEN! FINALLY. someone had their oatmeal this morning!!:)
nothin just laying down watching tv.
Thx for the connect, now pls check my arch and int design tweets at Cheers!
1000 followers! Thanks everyone! Here's to the next 1000. Have a great weekend in CLE.
Seattleites, when you were little, who was your cartoon character?
#happycincodemayo to all of my and your hispanic heritage day
Which one of us got hacked? I had to reset my account info.
42 followers :p
TOMORROW - I will be at the Celebrating Mom! Craft & Vendor Show from 11am - 3pm at Ashton Place, 341 75th Street, Willowbrook, IL.
tigers a beast at golf. Let face it, golf is not hockey or a contact sport and he gets quits like hes playing 1. man up
My hormones are on rage right now, so, small stupid things the Lakers do, pisses the fuck out of me. Come on
Why! Why! Why am I here! "Jane stop this crazy thing!!!!"
Uh, ?! RT "Hey, can I get some new pants on? 'Cause, uh... I'm kinda peein' in my shorts."
May I Please Listen To It :) I Need #Inspiration 2 Make Some More Music
#Bears LOL. Sucks to suck. Winning the Superbowl is a great feeling. Too bad you were 6 years late.
And then when they ate her out again a while later one thought he found it and bit into it. But it wasn't a skittle it was a herpes sack.
we were all thinking it. Aslan is really the only option in my mind.
And the #Pacers pick up their 87th foul of the game.
If you're near #Raleigh NC and want to help needy animals please become foster parent for SPCA of Wake Co. URGENT! www.spcawake.org/foster
Good Morning Twitther
At some point, Twitter becomes an echo chamber for egotists.
i wanna come too. lol
I love you !
Good Morning Balloon Museum followers! The weather is telling us Balloon Fiesta is right around the corner!
Roll Call: Who's registered for Summer Camp 2011 already?
Listening to that Carter I
I respect that. I just feel like everybody has their lane is all.
Have an earbud jammed in my ear after the earpiece i wear to hear my producer broke today.
About to start work! Can't wait to sleep in tomorrow!
More News on VA AForum FB and Virginia Actors' Forum Group! Follow VAF on Twitter at VAFNEWS!
Im just a real nigga doin his part
"You haven't ate pizza rolls since 1979, why would you start now." Things you hear in Wal-Mart.
RT-had a dream I could buy my way into heaven/// Streets are paved with gold...aint gonna happen.
tomorrow mateo
where you go to school at now
Ain't no girl worth.losing ya wife and ain't no.beef worth.you losing ya life omm
“: If you like movies/work in movies/have seen a movie, following the prolific David Hudson at is a must!”
What industry should I be looking to purchase stock in, biomedical or technology?
hmm ... not sure which rule you mean, but the commas weren't being used to separate a related cause, which
BARAJAS!! (Hosssssa Voice)!! Clap it up. Who needs Josh Hamilton!!
The South Bend Symphony String Ensemble will perform at the Tutt Branch on May 3rd at 4 p.m. Call 282-4637 for more information.
right, right.
Gonna watch #Warren the Ape pretty hilarious stuff
PLUS THERE MIGHT BE AFTER SHOCKS!
That moment when your in school text and her phone dies smh
I wish the weather would make up its mind which season we were in..
okay so i cannot stop listenin to #AnglesAndGentelmen i think im officially addicted!!!!
It's been an hour since you asked this, but it was a state-wide drill for severe weather awarness week.
Babies are really intense pets.
Hello people. haha
Dnt come at me wit no wack as lines come at me rite im a lady an deserve tha best
I hate morning breath so much I wake just to brush my teeth then go back to sleep, that or its the first thing I do before anything else
just got my plane tickets for !!!!!!!!!
Put your detective skills to work and solve this dinner mystery while enjoying a 4 course culinary creation!
Rodgers scores the match's first break, now trying to serve out the first set at 6-5.
You bet! RT Just realized that fellow Hanover Elementary and Buffalo High School grad is Kare 11's new meteorologist.
"hey girl! Not this time- we're out in Millersville" Boo - sounds like you you'll have Millertime in Millersville.
Actions. But (arguably) you cannot control the interpretations of your actions.
i would gladly sit on 's face.
It took me 3 nights to get through that heap of propaganda. You did do a nice job, McAdam's teacher's pet not 1 to do the job
thank you =)
thanks much!! Looking fwd to keeping updated on the exciting things happening with the team :)
I was trying to overlook that fact. After tonight his silver spoon was shining brightly.
Just like old times RT : Will Ferrell hosting #SNL is kind of an event.
Don't know whether you need to be going overseas, but def worth investigating.
she had no focus or a clue....just crazy
to make outgoing calls!
You mean at all? Lol.
New animated #Avatar Legends of Korra FANTASTIC! Headstrong girl Avatar, needs to learn spiritual/Air Bending, class oppression/strife, etc
i love song TTYL!.. it's dope!
My cousin say free instead of three
not much, getting everything ready for prom tomorrow, wbu?
thanks for hanging w/us!
Dude no one cares
Okay, making me cry over here! Re: Billy Blanks Jr.
it's on YouTube :)
Our Mixer is next TUESDAY at Coppia in the Pearl! 6-8pm. Come meet new business partners.
40 Laps to go at with in the lead - if you missed the first half- catch the end on
Hello Jasper *smiles* how are you
Hooray! And thanks. Jack had his eyes on a table of women the whole time. It was pretty cute.
this cemetery project is gay as heck.
Apologies for the uptime issues, and thanks for bearing with us -- see next message about downtime between 9pm & 7amET
i would piss on you
. Why not list for us all the reasons you think companies SHOULD support ALEC? what are the great things it has done for us?
How do you keep your cool in stress. RT If I met I would ask her...?
Dr. Frederick Frankenstein: HE'S GOT A ROTTEN BRAIN! IT'S ROTTEN, I TELL YA! ROTTEN! The Monster: RAAAAAAAA! Igor: Ixnay on the ottenray.
Listening to some girl talk about traveling at the table next to me...sigh. Makes me want to go to Europe again...
I understand a lot but what I will not tolerate is being put second to anyone friends no family of course
"The safety of the world, in some sense, depends on you saying 'no' to inhumane ideas" - AZ Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords
Does everyone have new outfits on in honor of the new uniforms tomorrow?
Ottawa pulls the goalie with 1:15 left.
Everything happens for a reason. The hard part is figuring out that reason.
The One who carries the cross, carries me. Such an pleasant feeling to just fall in His arms and trust in Him.
What gives ? I can't accept the follower request from
- Connecting to would be awesome.
Working on balancing ideas and execution. Successful people do both.
Dean has
Sore, achy back? Need a great, therapeutic massage in San Antonio? Call (210) 334-8488 & mention “Twitter” for 15% off all week!
pero you have to understand certain people have different situations.
that's impressive
thanks to our new followers happy friday!
Happy Birthday I know you will kill it Tonight Let the Party Rock! Opening set by !
Lose: Don't, Can't, Must, Should, and No from your vocabulary if you want new creative ideas from your team.
His words still on my mind......
need an extra boost during your ride? come in and pick up some Hammer Gel and Gu products!
We can't bunt there to move Ramirez over to third?
In the office still. Been a long say, but this is the #Spring/SummertimeGrind of recruiting!
Try the sticky pads for a few days just to make sure! After my first few centipedes I have the exterminator come in quarterly.
oh, salsa is a great idea.
Loved Karen the Cougar
Get your sexy Tebow T-shirts at www.tebowtees.com
home is where your heart is. The grass is never greener on the other side.
Happy December, 24 Days til Christmas!
Feelin' no love from any of you guys </3
Damn the music makers in life sometimes; because of them, I now have to put pants on.
was joslin asking for an autograph?
I walk in to a school with empty halls, when its usually packed. Am I missing something?
Julia gets govn't help her whole life & can't have a baby w/out govn't into her 30s? This is the country we want?
the wife wasn't looking while I took the photo lol
Great job! Love this app!
Only 1/22 students in my course was assigned an ebook textbook for another course
the real cost of gas has cost over $12/gal for a long time
How many of y'all muhfuckas took a shower before taking your Avi pic? Only two?? ... I can tell
totally fun! YES - definitely interested. email me at lixilamb at gmail dot com and we'll discuss ... would love that!
he did and it was amazing!
Thinking back on how awkward my hug with Nick Jonas was when I met him...i'm such a dork.
stoked about my two new tiny tattoo additions =)
Spotify. I can't decide which one I like better.
doing the paper work for our wooden rocking horse project with
speakin of the girl who calls me blocked! Might as well
if only
glad you are coming - be sure to tweet both and about your breakfast wish.
wow, I want that back yard hooo hooo lol
great to meet you yesterday!
Just transfered my last domain from GoDaddy to
To try and prove God using science might work for a Christian but it would probably also work for an atheist trying to prove God
It's going to be an awesome day!
: always glad to have you...hope you enjoyed!
No one is happy, unless they are free
has been coughing for 5 minutes straight now and is still coughing
Apparently this is my 2 yr Twitter anniversary. Joined at the Shape of Things to Come conference after watching 's feed.
If all you have is W-2 income,no deductions and little income,you should try to complete your own tax return. www.1040Easyonline.com
Pulled for #Bodemeister but happy for I'll Have Another's win.
So grateful to be in the happenings of what has already happened!
I think there is a #bigbangtheory quote for every life situation
I'm going to be in ripon next Saturday, probably not on campus though. Maybe I'll stop at Rodman :)
Joe Brennan simply looks out of sync for the second straight spring game. Yes he's going against the 1st-team D, but looks so uncomfortable
Kemp on DL. There goes any hope of having a good performance this week and next
Thank you for all the adds so far! We're still working on getting up and running. Please check back here soon for more information!
Late NFL star Seau's family undecided on brain research
Thanks for mentioning us!
Enjoying the weather today? - I'M NOT.
hahaha how much is a lil bit ?
School is almost out!! Do you have your summer calendar filled?? Add us to it!! THE FUN STARTS HERE!!!
it's ok I'll tell my carnal to handle you LOL
I like how Mac used "flaky, petulant meathead" in his latest Tribune column.
lol i miss you too!!!! i wanna see you!! IA in the summer ill be ova ur house with my sis erday lol:P
where is my golf cart driver!?
Back at 'cha from everyone at The Fund! We love !
"How do I know you won't kill me?" ...." because if you told me an' you were lying I wouldn't get to kill you then." anyone?
+1! MT When I make a list, I always end it with "make a list." CHECK. So I begin with a sense of accomplishment.
today was pretty good for a tuesday been trying to write that disturbing story for my writing class but i end up grossing myself out
Can't thank y'all enough for "liking" us! Be sure to share the page & the website with your friends :)
STALL: Hwy 26 WB in the tunnel- right lane blocked
Doing shop visits in Los Angeles all week. If you are from the area, let us know your favorite shop. We might just stop by!
Shaka Smart turned down Illinois coaching position and stays at VCU. Glad he is being loyal to these young players
Friday May 13th is your Lucky day.Art Exhibit at Pilates Plus San Diego 5-8pm...visit the web site...
What up twits...
Well, in that case, cheers to you!
So true! RT : I freaking love Only he could pull this off
: . Retweet . Follow Back ? Please
l know. Put some pants on. Much sexier
Couldn't sleep half the night, but am staying positive about tonight's game! Wow. Bruins fans sure showed a lot of class after losing :p
12 hours and some 2,000 photos later...it's a wrap!
Lol I bet!!! How come you did it?
Finally made it to the barber shop
Yeah, it was a while back huh, ? Thanks for the love
Happy to see Lebron James back in action!
I'm freezing my balls off here at the end pier and in about 7 hours I'll be sweating my balls off back home in AZ.
check out A1styles on facebook
Good Morning Great People “Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure.
Hi my loves!!!! How are you today?! :)
What's wrong? :/
Are any of you beta testing the Disney Studio All Access program yet?
week 10! tune into 98.5 and hear whose next on the 7:40 it goes down right now tune in
Shoot so fun yest.Had 2 sit on lockers half day but wasnt flat so had to cling on 4 dear life lol. Also had 2 hold onto boombox at same time
im good enjoyin life. you in the chi?
go like me on facebook!!! look up cortney taylor under pages!!! 123 GO
is twitter tarded
#oracle #linux #unix Ever need to know when an inode was birthed? try 'stat -f %SB' now that's not a hint you hear every day!
His game tonight was awesome for a shorthanded team. He almost willed the series to a game 7 in the Chi.
Sometimes in life u have tough decisiosns to make :/
Coach Ham style baby RT : Fisher's #NSD press conference has been delayed. It was supposed to start at 3 pm, but still isn't underway
Im patiently impatient <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I don't see anywhere that says how long the b'day offer is good for
“: Been up all day creating #dope shit for the GSU fashion show me an GRINDIN for ”
simple and fantastic quote!
Great to meet u too! RT Nice meeting with you !
Nashville here we come!
Thank you!!! I think I'm going to start a whole series of them. RT I LOVE IT
I tell people oka cool . When I dnt care lol.
Yeah... me too. It was rather alarming to be woken up by fighter jets and helicopters last night.
the worst one to go to!
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me. - Kurt Cobain
no I still feel pretty shitty. Only difference is I now want a puppy
Andre Lacy: "this meeting is crucial." "Our months of waiting are over." Meeting = "never a means of placing blame."
Arsenio Edwards IS UGLY AS HELL
Wow u have alot of girls tweeting ya! LOL
RT : Got #sinusitis? Use neti-pot w/ a pinch of sea salt in luke warm water, rinse regularly
"Eyes are the window to the soul"-Hemingway
I'm just good like that (: lol (not really)
Listening to music :-D
I got the iBook bible on the ipad too, I can't find the new king James though. Do you have the New King James?
It's raining 3s in Dallas
if u lose smething of urs & look4 it u will alwys find it n da last place u look evn if its da1st place u look y keep lookin after u find it
kinda ?? And I bet you are lol
OMG!! Leave Alone! Like Seriously! Like he is better then you!
Had so much fun watching a couple of the films for upcoming season. Great stuff in the works!!!
does ulster-scot = Irish? Please educate me on such things!! :)
WHY are you talking about it on twitter?!?!?! Seriously though I can't wait.
I need to talk to a couple of colleagues about doing a session on a project here, but if not that, it would be geospatial.
Ready to party
at home #drinking a bottle of
Ironically, my wife's iPod Touch (1st generation) passed away on the very same day as Steve Jobs. Sadly, there is no replacement for Steve.
I didn't want it to become an emergency replacement situation and I can still get what I need directly off the old one.
jealous! I have salted almonds... ::(
Upon watching Exit Through the Gift Shop I am compelled to ask Banksy if *he can display his wide set of unique skills. #Renoir<U+2665>'dstencils
thanks so much!
MK is being finished off stream but it is all being recorded... i will post matches tomorrow
I never learn in science
Well, that was stressful. Time to clean my brain with
Stand ready! Believe ,repent ,receive!
And? I got a new radio!
this mess going on? This are all bunch of Bullshit ha haha lol.. grown up folks fighting like animals damn!!
Easy for you to say. At least you have a left nipple. Lost mine at age 15 in a skateboard/chain link fence accident.
& are out at a mystery location - we'll be taking your guesses in less than 30! Tune in to
Life at the holiday inn again in Albq after trip to raton
hope all is well my friend
Quote of the night "(yadda yadda yadda) Chips and salsa" lol all night
Why Black People Think You'll Remember A Person If They Say A Name Twice? "You Remember Ashley?" "Ashley Who?" "Ashley Ashley"
You sir, obviously don't play Fallout.
I've to go to do some shopping
Forget all the reasons it won't work, & believe in the one reason why it will.
#writing #submitting #NaPoWriMo grading essays, cooking, packing books in my office, getting to a novel to read back home
I'm trying but its so close to my vacation
"Guys ever see George Michael sing this at Freddy Mercury's tribute? Kills it." actual conversation at poker table at Brewhouse. Among men.
RT : Biggest lesson a person can learn is to let stuff go<thats what she said..lol
Mumford and sons >
NBC expanded Summer #Olympics camera coverage! The world will finally get to see Chess Boxing.
NW- A Walk to Remember !! (:
Two former bank chiefs have admitted to crimes while running their respective institutions
Take my belt off bitch im pooty tang//Tippy tah Tippy tay u gon get a tip today//Fuck that u gon get some dick Today
i wish her the best:)
Drew reminds me of the coach on Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Remember him in the movie? Might even be the same guy... Lol
My iPhone says tomorrow has changed its great weather! Love it! ;-)
That looks like the stain in his back seat!
Take time to re-group. You can sometimes become your own worse enemy
Happy 4th of july everyone. Go fucking enjoy it!
hi Warner Patterson
ZZIIINNNG rehearsal was too loud . . . must be nice to hear high frequencies
Cailiffs of Baghdad, Georgia by Mary Helen Stefaniak
Desperate times and all that. #FreeGio RT : And here comes Harry's hail Mary. Gio in the game
...and now that I've made fun of that idea, I kind of want to do it
hi rachel! hope we can catch up soon! :)
www.bleachercreaturesusa.com
Back from a 2-week holiday and catching up on news.
Nothing but good things to come :)
it's time
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit - Kahlil Gibran, 'The Vision'
Thanks, Dave-O. I felt like ripping CD play #3 out of the rack and tossing it out the window. We don't get along very well.
If you live in the Austin area and need new replacement windows put on your home, Statewide is the one and only choice for your home!
you make me smile, cry, laugh, you give me butterflies, you make me love, and you sure as hell make me jealous.
Followed them all. Interesting peeps.
trying to find a person, tweeting you, Listening to black veil brides, and chillen on fb
lunch at the journey. bout to chow
Thanks for both! Look forward to telling you about the class. It's really a fun sequence of topics.
I got fucking poison ivy. SHIT
my favorite ;)
Yeah so Austin Mahone is my Penguin Ok bye ^.^
J. Cole - Can I Live
So I pressed one for English right how come I still can't understand the dude on the other end???
Wt u doin y u acting anti
Haha why is american reject playin
“: Teach me the way of life. Fill me with the joy of your presence - Psalm 16:11 (please retweet).”
I need a boyfriend.. After watching all these TSS videos..
Stop by Gallery 924 after the St. Patrick's Day Parade to see Seeking Shelters.
We're excited about tonight's soup class! So perfect for chilly January weather. Do you have a favorite soup?
Would love to see score
Made it to florida!
I want to play!
Days like today make me wish I had a jeep.
A call-out to shampoo brands? mrktg expert on Bryce Harper: "youth, talent, looks, charisma & interesting hair.”
Eggs, bacon, Toast, & some OJ :)
of building their own virtual popularity!
you say mad, I say has her game face on
Love your work. Will there be any 2012 idp lists coming in the near future?
Thanks for including me in The Daily Grind's top stories!
Crowd now gathering around podium at Barrett event, last word from campaign was that he'd speak at 10 (same as Walker)
DM us with your referral code and turn that frown upside-down!
aww thanks! It's on campus for a testing center!
"The praise that comes from love does not make us vain, but more humble." -- James M. Barrie
such an awesome doc! We're friends of a friend and got a peak at it
Attention 8th graders: Check out the NYC High School Fair at Brooklyn Technical High School in Fort Greene today, 10am-3pm. I'll be there!
They are quite scathing/ snarky aren't they! Only in
The first few sessions were definitely cleansing. Felt a lot of pain and emotions moving around. It can get intense (good)...
Happy to say I never worked at a fast food chain...
#smnpchat transparency is guiding value in the process -- and staff are confident that employee retention is top priority (it is)
Say what you want about Melo, but he can sure turn it the hell on in crunch time.
No Facebook just Twitter for Now To Many people with to many Problems So I'll be /DaHustlemane FOLLOW ME I will hit you BAC
Haha "academy award winner" mike smith
The #movie Safe with Jason Statham was full of action and suspense. I loved the conflict between cultures. Great film set in NYC.
Id like to be everything you want.
See you at chocolate decadence!
Lonely but not alone...
Awesome half. Good job, Rex. Don't throw at Revis. cc:
woah don't get to crazy
Holy fuck it's like hardcore raining outside I feel like my window is going to break from the hail. I don't want to die lol<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
Last show today and SOLD OUT! Sorry to those we had to turn away last night but STAY TUNED - this won't be the last you'll hear of DDJ!
Don't celebrate ya still need 2 more... And some defense would be nice
who's had a worse month,the vikes,giants or jets?
Agreed, makes me CRAZY RT : Why do people insist on putting an "S" to some restaurants? It's Vapiano, Dino. No "S" at the end.
#HB1051 will hurt Maryland Computer Repair and IT Service firms. It will also hurt 99% of taxpayers and small businesses.
I think of more as the Forrest Gump of DH.
Use your United Way Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at ’s Mongolian Grill – Lexington. Caring Club members...
2 fonts per page max.
Both espn games were tight today.
Quick question, is Typhon actually tameable? Ultros came with the cinematic, but nothing for Typhon. Thanks in advance.
damn straight
Southwest Airlines launches one day Florida fare sale
I hate when my phone wont download music
cool:)x
God was bored by him. ~ Victor Hugo
We were just there last weekend. How do you like their food?
Yes I did! That's why it's best to keep business and personal separate! It's business! Poor girl...
Hi Lorren, missed seeing your tweets lately.
finally a pass in stride
Idaho Yesterdays files have been fixed, the last hurdles in place, we are in the home stretch.
Watching an extended edition of Return of the King. The cut scenes really change a few things.
Recommending a project plan for a library website redesign.
okay ? your point is ??? lol
love ya
Looking forward to a very early video shoot tomorrow!
No really...I am!
Does anyone know if the presale requires the code AND an AMEX card or just either?
spoiler alert
do cardio AFTER your weight workout. muscles need glycogen for weight lifting, and doing cardio first will use it up
Tweet tweet
LSU vs Bama Tonight at The Anchor Bar. Come in for $7 Domestic Pitchers and 50 cent wings all day and night!! Also it Hospitality night..
Well, you must be home by now. Hope you had a good trip.
Wow :( You ever have kids remind me to send them a prezzie! Cat in the hat was my childhood, then again we didn't have Tintin.
Dal Palak sauce with mild curry, yellow split peas and spices over roasted lamb slices!.......very tasty!
I get it.. I know ppl who go Casino on Fri & Sat night then come Sunday morning ask me to help pay their mortgage.
I'm all set for a week of research in the Ishmael Reed papers at the University of Delaware's Morris Library. #totalassaultontheculture!
It rarely happens here before 3 or 4pm unless it has to. My usual routine: wake up, shuffle to coffee, shuffle to desk. Begin.
Thanks lol. We will see you guys in the season opener so its going to be a war as always
So much...
If you're Repub because of pre-1960's I feel sorry for you for missing 40 years. 60's is when both parties changed on social issues
Why are you letting them get wide open 3's -__-
MXA'S 2012 HUSQVARNA TC250 MOTOCROSS TEST: SOMETHING GOOD CAME FROM BMW ... - Motocross Action Magazine
Stuck in the past
I love you and thank you!! :)
Pierce is better but has a few more tools.. Miller makes a ton out of little physical ability.. He is super crafty & strong
Please naaaaaaaaa :p RT I'm really thinkin bout cuttin ma hair
No worries. Great to see you!
LMFAO she really is
Re. dentist's waiting room: makes a twisted kind of sense, if you think about it
Well, jolly scientific of you, then
come wind down at the Joy Ride.
we had a fun visit to today. always a good day when that happens. can't wait until next time!
if you havent turned in your receipt, i will not have class points for you. bring it to CRJ office or to class next tues
Word of the Day: Microwait- Consequence of the lunchtime rush for the microwave in corporate settings.
I can't watch ABDC tonight )':
is there no way to watch the game today from tally?
Jacobin Bill & Ted will be my intended audience, for sure.
Go Pens! Go Canucks!
oh please..lying ass! lol
I love my partners & sponsors in - they include , Se Hotel, Sofia Hotel, The Lingerie Lounge and
Talking with the homeboy CTFU #Gotta luv him
My son got a job!
Lol at people that hate "mainstream" artists... Umm there's a reason they r so popular, they r awesome
Whoooooooaaaa from black to white
Minute means a lot!
Getting on a boat going to Thunderbird Lodge
it gets easier when you get older, trust me
Manning should go 2 BALT.They're ready to win now and it would be ironic if Manning left Indy for BALT knowin BALT left for Indy
Omg LOL RT : Admitting you are an asshole is the first step of becoming a republican
bitch are you drunk? It's a weekday!
#FF he's an amazing dedicated guy that's Straight Edge. Happy Friday bro!
thank you!
Celebrating International Badge Day in 2012 by wearing my letters on my heart.
enjoy the rest of your day!
Who will win it all today? Who are the Colonials fans cheering!?
~~~~ this girl loves you SO much <3 -> please give her a shoutout before she goes to sleep ;*
Did the Giants really want to rely on a field goal in the city of the "idiot kicker" quote? Twitter is over-reacting once again.
Possibly a $19 coupon (1 time use) may help...Just type in "Waterboy" and get your coupon.
be a #socialworker maybe? Volunteer? Does it even matter? You can even in research and advertising!
I stop and give thanks.
i love that old school beat on the chris brown "Sweet Love"record
#Blazers found their 2nd unit.
you should go play tennis!
I have treasure in my mind I just need the chance unlock them.
Also a huge thank you to from NCISLA who came to support the short film she was in tu & eu by Eddie Sheih
Good to meet you tonight. Hope to bump into you again soon!
About to get ready to photograph fightfest!! Going to be one long hot day
Play me off Elton John!
i didnt post that pic my cousin did sorry
you know I got you spuddyy !
If he only knew how I felt...
Interesting. I have reciprocity in about 30 states, if I had the psychotic desire to pay annual fees for no reason.
On really
Hey, I have an idea... Stop the story topping!! lol!
lists are now fixed, thanks for the excellent bug report!
UNBELIEVABLE. Sajak basically making a joke about having 10 seconds and then that happens?!
BITCH IM NVER GOING NO WHERE IM HZ MAIN SQUEEZE....BLAH BLAH BLAH
i hate mondays
I see you next weekend :oD how am I to find you in this mad ocean of people? Just head to the back?
Dear automatic flushing toilet, I appreciate the enthusiasm... but I wasn't done yet!
Thanks for the mention! :)
Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes.
Finished 1st wk in new position at 3Seventy - getting the word out to those wondering where I disappeared.
don't blink
"The water should be salty like the sea!" -'s words that I remember every time I cook.
merry christmas! locke and lola loved santa's gifts. now off in search of coffee for the in-laws in an unfamiliar area ( app).
I'm in love with Siri on my new iPhone 4S!!!!
that he likes him and respects him. That's enough apparently.
What up, tho?!
Thanks for pointing that out! It is now fixed.
Duke Blue Devils 1/2 ' ‘Iron D Basketball ’ Pendant – Gold Plated Jewelry
“: what is the date of the NBA lottery? anyone know. Google's giving me fuck stick responses.” think it's May 30. Not sure tho
Open science man. Open science.
#Np Sweat It Out
I'm following the Pope on Twitter. Are you?
i cant deal
RT : New York, you're pretty great.
Eating mac-n-cheese at 9:00 clock!!!!!(: #storyofmylife (:
So would we!!!
check out Gutta J on you tube "Nino Brown"
Wats good Bro We Bacc On!
Please encourage a friend to run/walk the IMM Full, Half, or 5K. Register TODAY & receive $5 off w/ Referral Code OneMonth. Don't miss out!
hey sunshine :)
Marchers stopped in front of Blue Cross Blue Shield
No. We got 4 inches of snow last week...tends to put a damper on outdoor gatherings....
Why is your butt 50 shades of gray?
The only picture of mine online has disappeared! I only have cell phone shots now...it's hiding up in NY. This will help haha
IF U AINT BOUT YO WORD WTF IS U BOUT?
Ditto“: Just switched from the #CNNTeaPartyDebate to the Miss Universe pageant. "Nude heels make every woman's legs a mile longer.
When it comes to higher gas prices, Farley is less interested in consumer model choice than engine choice within models.
Finished my first half marathon today-Hippie Chick!
: Then so it will be! We're out of print ARCs of The Understory. Can I e-mail you a pdf?
While education reform continues to gain ground in the US,EdVillage's friends around the world are ready to start revolutions of their own!
Betty White's Off Their Rockers is not right LOL!!!
thanks love! I'm sure I'll see you sometime soon :)
I've got the after lunch sleepies. Must...go....on....
“: I did detect CHEMISTRY. :-)” ..yep..a good on the desk, against the wall scenes!
- just bought my first pair, these are the BEST jeans I've ever purchased. Keep up the good work
And please don't imagine that if things get worse things will get better. History suggests when things get worse things get worse. (3 of 3)
Sitting at the table talking to my titi grandma and my mom planing how we gonna put the present under the tree without my bro seeing us!
I'll email her - I don't have her phone but know others that may have it. She have your cell? -CV
I ask only because I noticed that your profile says you are involved with internet marketing.
So interesting when worlds collide & someone I met at REDucation ends up being the 1st AC and EPIC owner for a shoot with friends in Spain.
I love how people say "have a safe flight" like they actually control their fate.
honesty, when am I not hyper. For real.
Working with SWW to uncover the women of ROC who aided in anti slavery, not the headlines such as Susan B- the everyday women.
Don't forget you're unique just like everybody else
Walker still up: P latest poll for liberal Daily Kos finds Walker leads Barrett 50% to 45%, identical to results from poll last month.
DOWNLOAD MY NEW TRACK "LEAN WIT IT" RETWEET
Wish I could crush 307 with u tonite
watching the notebook :'( <3
Headed to rehearsal at 6!!
#AmericanAirlines is not holding up their end of the bargain with lost luggage. It should NOT take 3 days to get luggage delivered.
This Just In: San Diego Chicken has balked at trade to Boston #RedSox claiming such a move would be "career ending"
Today is just so long and frustrating...and it's not over yet :/
Don't come home a failure. -Ty Cobb
Hey ladies! If you are at a bar, and they guy you are with cannot tell which is an orange and which is a grapefruit- don't go home with him!
You're welcome! When are we gonna hang out?!
More parking at IMA after old bikes removed this week “: Yes, some of you eagle-eyes did see bicycles coming into our warehouse”
Hey MT : doing a event this Sat in Sac for 400+ homeless ppl. wanna be part, contact me for detail
Oh fuuuuuck no.. Stalker alert!
Yup its almost the weekend again Goodmorning al
Waiting on people -_______-
hit me up about this raekwon show tonight
When you are thirsty, try 7-Up, the refreshing drink in the green bottle with the big 7 on it and Up after.
July 1st......could it be?? Yes, I think it is.
Let's see where imma be this time next year
It's hard, no doubt, and I don't think most artists know how. I would love to see artist's trained in this.
Part of an excellent story that a ten-year-old boy just told me. Now he's teaching me to play XBox hockey.
Good luck!
me too, and I'm glad I got to use "IRL" today
Good tip lol
Listening to music and drinking soda. . Yepp, that's the life c;
: r u in section 127?
The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery
“: that's enough to recall tonette 2”
I emailed you too.
Sadly site has gone down each time I was making final decisions in my basket. I just wanted to get a #deal and #shop :(
JAPAN, Y U SO KINKY. XD
Thank God we have one another! Luv u! ":I don't know how my family would get through anything if we didn't have each other <3"
haha i think i will ill talk to you tomorrow Ashton goodnight <3
we're you my tour guide?
DO NOT! Mess With A Cancer!
Tryin go out to eat...
Gettin my hair did ;$
ahh tequila, AKA the only clear liquor i'll drink
. Put it this way: If your job involves having pols on both sides of an issue call you back, then perception is huge
I'm working on writing the material and practicing in my living room. I will let you know, when I'm booked at a club. :)
talk to me!
In case you missed the our 2AM tweet, our schedule is up! Or a list in any case. We're trying ok? www.georgetownmusicfest.com/schedule
Lets get! Adult playdate tomoerow wit the crew. Movies tonight!
Mountain Lion looks so cool. Another reason to look forward to the summer.
dayum cuties coming through. love it.
With finals starting next week, we are beyond busy. Make sure to bring in your posters early! #stayfocused and good luck
Sara are audiobooks a good way to go for handbooks? i wrote a hospice handbook and was wondering if appropriate
Thanks for the shoutout! Have a great Thursday!
MY BIRTHDAY IS TODAY :D i wish or would follow me
Harry Belafonte is trending! Cool!
Man the #Bulls just look tired as hell and are just being outplayed right now.
hm... gettin creative now ;)
hello Miss... me and my friend are trying to get the playoff 12's and i know you are the shoe master, any help?
lmaoo quit ridin his dick bitch! he almost knocked yo stupid ass out! hahahahaa!
Hot day?! Ice cold ZICO! Join us at Hermosa Beach pier!!!!
thanks for sharing!
Happiness is around the corner, Wealth down the street. --Panda Express fortune cookie
DQ when I get home???
this guy...
didnt we already ban gay marriage like 5 years ago?
Checking all my messages!
why is it , when kobe gets in the lakers take the lead ?! ha .
I see you!!! Do your thang lookin good!!!
Carlos Gomez has been one of the top 5 #brewers all year, quit complaining about him hitting second and starting in center! Admit he's good
I wish I got more spam
So much good going on this weekend. At the 1011 We The Granada,Pygmaeus&TGLH-Fri, Deer Vibes&iLL P-Sat. Artslam&cool Rabbit Show Sun. 17th
yeah! Gonna #dominate this cash register!
Annie Oakley born today, 1860, in Ohio. Known for her shooting, but also broke through stereotypes with her femininity.
Jordan will forever be greater than lebron.
thanks for the very interesting tweets
I wanna lay out and tan in the middle of the grass:)
Well, I cried.
i swear now so not the time for insyaallah's. Lepas subuh kan? I need a lift.
I thought people weren't allowed to talk to the lifeguard...
Off to see "Husbands and Lovers" with my lover at the Wash Stage Guild.... Oh, #fellowsmafia will be there as well
Thanks for the mention. Can't wait for #AmericasCup. We have an amazing menu in store!
Easy The Jackson 5! What do I win?
I mean, I hope everyone's okay..
I'm deciding whether or not to go. I'm thinking the news stations might live stream it.
Congrats to you both. Your fans couldn't be happier for you!!!!!
lol sure makes you want to have kids, huh? :)
he's got his own little show on the nose or something like that
Gotta see a Cubs game this summer
Don't forget our Children's Fair this wknd! Sat & Sun 10-5pm @ the Balloon Museum. Fun, games and zoo animals great for the family!
The obvious and proper choice rain.
Anyone join Twitter just to get in on the #wemakemovies fun???
Hehe :P RT No I got it from my marriage wit u :)
Good job lady lions #dykesforlife and I cnt find Kayla :p
a gorgeous day in central park, strolling from lunch at via quadronno to the met.
Content analyzing for a media effects paper.
What a comeback for the #clippers. Wait staff at the #marriott going crazy
Whats good my dude!!!
Hey, Joe Smit here..have you heard from John lately?
wan some?
You should also be impressed by 's hand-eye coordination.
<---I got a lovely email asking me what the name of chainsaw on our logo was. His name is Plato and he is fulled by mayo and boobsweat
We will be up and TWEETING very shortly!
When I am in my painting, I'm not aware of what I'm doing. ~Jackson Pollock
I skipped over the self diagnosis thing as very ridiculous. I don't think Dr's will be happy about that.
There all on my camera tomorrow I'll put them up!!
Thanks for everything on Wednesday! Great day of #golf at the ! You all were wonderful & our clients had a fantastic time!
We love our twitter friends. Here's to insomnia! <3
John Smith will only be there for one year... Don't get too excited redwolves
I'm disheartened at the twitter decelerataion re #wiprogress . I've also strayed for awhile(b/c my husband doesn't like twitter :))
Spent all day with youth group.
I agree--this class looks great. Looks like teaches it.
- I agree, and would probably be bored quickly, although I can say I've never seen anything like it...
You will...And, then you'll miss your family. ;)
Because Fathers day is Sunday...not too quick on the uptake are ya RaSha ; )
#myhealth is trending. considering my diet i thought i ought to be a part of this.
There u go boys! Double Play!!!
Loved the article with in the new
Watching The Celebrity Apprentice with Viggle Sun | 9PM | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
At the Northwestern game with (Katie P.)
right back at you bruh!
Sipping wit my husband I love him can't wait to eat and talk shit tomorrow with my family and my in-laws I love them all!
They started it!
great meeting with you this morning at the always delicious
Dead Mac.
when your sick and the doctor tells you that you cant go to school for at least a week
Four wheeler riding with my man? I think yes.
Good Morning Sir Sean Murphy !! Hey to the gang
follow me baby:c loveyouuualot<3
A diet of cough drops and tea all week has been so much fun let me tell ya.
I want my songs back, :'/
I'm not dealing with this shit before I leave so you can go fuck yourself
I just spent my whole bus ride on your favstar page, thank you sir.
does anyone have any info on Marissa?
I'm glad you watching this.
thank you ;) make it a great day!!
scene cards are now my first ten pages!
Seems like I'm not the only one sad. :/
RT : Reach out to my publicist She will take care of you
Love it! -> RT m, my office smells of freshly destroyed thai yumminess!!
Twitter/FB dominate the web? Not until corporate America allows access between 9 and 5... long way to go.
whatever yall do don't go to margeritas... They food been giving ppl food poisoning lately
Girls will never learn
Time to get that Chili cooking and the relish cooling...
As a strategic PR move that performed, it was awesome. Use anything you can to take center stage. Last name + Assets = press
Learn from the artist's message, not the artist.
Is waiting for chick fil a.
why are you such a crazy? I love you!
Sure no problem... The REC abbreviation stands for Regional Extension Center. Hope this helps.
I hate both of you....but just want to see your eyes!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
ah!!! thanks so much ;)) you rock!!
Any updates on the progress of The LIttle Death Vol. 2?
Is it Sadie Hawkin's Dance?
glad your knee is okay : )
good night. I still can't ever thank you enough for making today memorable. x
next show is October 16 at Johnny's Irish Pub. line up your baby sitters and dinner plans now
Lol! *followed by crying*
samee here! And then I would die!
yeah i already had the small guy lit but everyone else was smoking huge ones and i felt left out
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw you can avoid putting heat on a marriage that is considering staying together.
me me please
Aw Porkchop! I just saw this and I'm back in office. Let's do lunch this week? #doit :-( RT : stop by yo.
what do you think is next big underground sound/movement?
Sick of zombies and vampires. I want a Frankenstein apocalypse.
About to go on the air on WNOX 100.3 FM to discuss Always fun to get behind the mic! :-)
Sending off design comps. James and I rocked the designs. Now rocking out to some Aerosmith!
I knew it! :-D -- p.s. we have like a hundred pounds of pizza dough here...when is your next day off?
I miss u cuzzin were the fuck r u
Thank you! RT Listening to author Susan Henderson talk about her novel "Up From The Blue" & the writing process.
Comcast ch 27 now live hip hop show!
It's not even 12 yet and i already feel a headache coming on -___-
Almost finals season! Academic excellence today leads to a GOLDEN future tomorrow.
I feel bad sitting here watching this douchebag squeeze Verlander. Mostly cause he's doing the same thing to me.
What is better, to be born good? Or to overcome your evil nature through great effort?
Hey Shane. Did you get our e-mails the other day? Thanks
Another beautiful sunny day in LA. Just received merger docs for the SAG-AFTRA union #Epic - XavierLT.com
Lots of chatter re Petersen, Patterson & Dungy - what about Gruden?
Pretty much. Yup. That was #SXSW2012 day one. Oye!
I was there for all the presentations but nothing like that jumped out at me. Guess you never know.
u can mail in items you'd like to have signed at the show and mailed back. Check out promolastevents.com for more details!
God posers are so stupid, just needed to say that! Now on an unrelated note i'm back in Miami after taking THE WORST flight of my life -___-
Lol!! I just went to Joe on the third floor of the theatre building. I just brought two DVD's and he put Rent on there..
You watch! We gonna start a real Movement! Imma teach as many mo fuckas how to cook! Personally! THESE BETCHES CANT COOK!
Ms Kerr is pretty.
I love that you have a twitter now :)
so thankful for the rain. Don't let rain or heat ruin your event have it in our indoor grand ballroom.
I always follow back bro. Yes, It would be nice
#NP.. "Hate Sleeping Alone" (I was in love 2 years ago & gave the baggage to my ex that's all for her to carry, bags she deserves to carry)
sending a risky message and tossing your phone away from you haha
LOL..all the timeRT : Fresh dressed just in case I meet Jesus.
hello homework, prepare to meet your maker
Just not happy in general. U tweeted way after ur stuff got taken.. but now u cnt tlk to me. Gr. Going to hang with people I enjoy.
The end of the semester has kept me really busy. Finals end tomorrow and summer classes start on Monday. All worth it to get my degree. :-)
's kitties are so precious! <3
Got $10? Then you’ve got all the beer you care to drink all night long! Does it get any better than this?
Please pray for a friend of mine today. She is having tests done and needs a good report. She is cancer free but is still having pain ...
damn girl. brutal
How could anyone interpret that as racist?
Outstanding Cristian :) Your tweets are so amazing to everyone. You're very incredible that you have exclusive pics on website.
my daughter is my inspiration
I don't think I'll ever be happy with my body.
instead of going to the carnival this year, im going to Germany & Cali. OHH YEAH ~
Thank God school is about too be done :)
is on his way to chicago...can't wait to see all my reforma-ala friends and colleagues.
I think 30 is a good age 2 launch my rap career. I have 16 bars that I wrote while writing my dissertation. I give a s/o to Frantz Fanon.
can't see that (country limitation). I've always found it a little annoying, but it's always been there in the US album version.
Even Ventura's harshest critics agreed his picks for the bench were very good.
yay that's so exciting! I finished today, I feel so relieved!
I'm going to try to be there, but I won't be in costume. I'm a party pooper!
he better watch out..
You can glean a lot of wisdom from lying on the floor. All you can do is look up. And notice the ceiling needs painting.
Happy V day World!! Sexiest day of the year
had so much fun at ur workshop
ok will do, thanks for liking.
who carves a 10ft tall squirrel statue, BRoy at RoseGarden, epic powder on MtHood, will we see snow in PDX? I'm in for Jeff & Kelley. 11pm
It's sad how things dont work out
Um um um um... no. hahahaha. When are you gonna upload the appropriate ones?!
That is definitely a sick piece of gear. Wear it proud.
GO PAUL, GO!!! He shouldn't be forced to stand with the Weasel!
haha...I don't know either. Damn it..that's twice this has happened to me!
Lol I knew someone would go there. Lol Good mornin, my man! What's on the docket?
hope you had a great weekend!
The pleasure is all mine, dear one! Your painting is full of life, music and love, the colors sing to me!
Church picnic time!
they arent bad if they admit they are bandwagoners and don't act like they've been with this team for years :)
What?! Really?! We should have hung out/caught up! Ah...Well, guess we'll wait until I'm back in LA :P FAIL
I love your acting on csi miami
On my way to The Evolution Jam hosted by (bass), Bean Clemons (drums) + Stacy Dillard (sax)
I pays it forward.
tragic! Its fun to hands on defeat alien planets
hey bro <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Never let a person bring u down u bring them down and hurt them were it really hurts!wen a peron hits u u hit back isnt abuse its selfdefens
indeed!! And it's set in the town I grew up in. The author lived down the street from me growing up :)
u have truly inspired me to b who i am. im sorry for all of the horrible things people say to u. uve changed my life. TY! LUV U
Sent mine xxoo
Damn we have alot of ugly people at our school as well...smh
"A meaningless life for a human being has none of the dignity of animal unselfconsciousness; (1/2)
Well, they are a motherfucking conversation-starter, that's for sure. If I can steer this to other bike safety, that's cool.
It wouldn't be the first time.
It's almost happy hour! Sounds like a good way to end the day. :)
hey! I will get these brunches on my list this afternoon. Thanks for sharing!
JOIN ME 4 MY MOVIE OCT 7 @ 8PM IN HOLLYWOD CA 8000 SUNSET BLVD FOR THE UPCOMING MOVIE ''KING OF THE RING'' & GET READY 4 'MYCRACKHEADUNCLE
i hate how my computer always auto corrects me.. fuck you i'm aware of how i'm spelling my shit
So I tired to finish all my homework today but now it's 8 and I've only finished Geometry. #IDGAFMentality #YOLO lmaoooo
There's no bullshitting a law exam.
Hey thanks so much! :D
#michigan fans are starting to roll into the bar... 15 minutes after kickoff
Love your passion! :)
Lol only the non-honors people chillax !
Too bad K rate isn't a category.
Trying to reserve myspace name, it says it's taken, but when i type that name in the address bar no page shows up. ??
Maybe u said on tv, but what do you think of Pacers vs. Bulls, think we (Pacers) could steal a game or two?
Hurry up and get down here-FREE Food & DRINKS til midnight!So many hot Honeys at the Hustler Club tonight you don't wanna miss it!
Engagement session in
I think it was a little too wet to ride home today. This isn't Texas after all.
If cherry blossoms were to bloom in Hawaii :)
Ok somebody please tell me they watchin this episode of "Love Addiction" I just randomely tuned into smdh
what im afraid of more is rejection
I woke up this morning and thought it was friday.. shiddddd its only Tuesday :(
"You're" is what meant to type :)
It will be a show stopperRT : ACT partner show next season... Grey Gardens. So exciting!!!
What? Wait...what?
Old Ed is dead. Bruce Mau.
Anyone else watching the Bachelorette and think Ashley is so desperate if she actually lets Ryan come back?
I long for the day I can walk into any store or restaurant and Adele will be playing! Oh...wait, nevermind!
YES, I fully Agree! Treasonous!!
I... I... my brain hurts! I just woke up from a black out and my hands were attempting to log into facebook and start a Farmville account...
There are two types of people in this world... Those who want to see New Years Eve and those who think those people are total assholes.
I don't suppose there's anything for #Awake in that magic NBC bag, is there.
when you pay attention to people who effect you negatively your giving them power when you take your focus off them that power disappears rt
NEW WEBSITE IN THE WORKS!!
I am going threw hard core pms
I don't like prepositions. Always objectifying up in here.
curious who u got this weekend? I'm going SF,NE,Bal, & GB(no homer) what do u think?
So is it true that Democrats want July 3rd to be declared Dependence Day to celebrate Government?
yep, thanks! see you tomorrow
so excited for prom, oh my god
could g+ release of API yesterday be a response 2 fbook? Open source Developers could be the key for g+
It's about time! Welcome to the Land of the #Crew96 !
#mistakesGIRLSmake over thinking things sometimes "/
Wish I could see a quality version of Tashin's THE WAY OF PEACE 1947. The audible hum from the laptop is driving me nuts.
“: Vanilla Almond Milk + GrapeNuts = #Hardbody ...#pause” sound...different <U+E05A>
I have this old song stuck in my head and I don't even know more than 3 words. Lol.
"There's some pie in my duffel. Make a circle and get inside." "...Inside your duffel bag?" "In the pie, you idiot!"
I wish I'd gone to that secret CIA school for kids. Then I'd be a spy by now.
Just got out of a meeting with the mayor of Yakima, WA and now headed to a White House Tour!
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do
They've opened more counters now at in KL but I've been in the queue for 45 minutes to check my bag and probably 25 minutes more
Success doesn't come to you, you must go out and get it.
Michele Besant suggest we ask ourselves questions about our motivations in our work.
I will be preaching "Crabs in a Bucket!" Sunday the 12th @ 3pm. First MT Selah Baptist Church 2017 Forrest Park Rd Se, Atlanta, GA 30315
True or False: The pinball machines used in the movie Dazed and Confused were refurbished models from the 1970s?
Hello world!
living social love us so much they decided to expand our deal for another day. Make your purchase today & obtain 50% off the VIP ticket.
Sunday is EARTH DAY! Let us help you do your part by shredding and recycling all your unwanted paper or media products.
Regular. Already thinking about another Switzerland trip during snowboarding season.
My night-owlness no longer exists. I wish I could reclaim that gift.
dude that's some Pensacola-style southern food you've got there. Where're you from again?
#smx If you have done a promoted trend, I would like to buy you a drink, dinner, etc. and ask you 3 questions. Help!
We had a few conversions tonight! Proud to be bringing people over. Trasie is next
TY so much for the retweet, Greg! :)
No... you're just the typical guy that allow the inner animal to prowl... It's not unusual... you know that...
#top100lies my phone died before I could text you back
i cant stand this laptop
Its 4 am. School in 3 hours. Why am I up? Guess ima watch some ICONic Boyz videos!(:
LOCKOUT SUCKS MAKE A DEAL NOT THAT HARD
Ranger Fever!
Thanks so much! How's life?
that dude still and always will be RON ARTEST.
My capstone class has successfully taken things I love and made them less enjoyable.
So what's that, about 3 starts worth of $?
I is exhausted!!! So many pwesents so little time. I too pooped to poop.
Trust no man, fear no bitch, kiss no ass, Fuck that shit
Thanks for the follow. One can't have too much slime.
Happy 21st Birthday to my Son! Proud Navy Mom Today!
#Twitter #didyouknow 80% of plastic bottles are Not
have to fix the autofill - thanks for noticing
Check out www.campology.ca? Great site for gear checklists for any outdoor expedition! Seriously cool stuff!
Just another fucking option to everyone I know. Why? Fuck all knows. It's rather fun though being just the back up plan. yippie. -.-
I'm about to start painting in a few so already getting into the mindset lol
ATTENTION EVERYONE!!! IT'S GOIN DIZZOWN TONIGHT IN A MAJOR WAY AT KLUSOZ!! WE DOING IT EXTRA BIG FOR ALL THE VETS!!! PEACH CIROC BABY!!
but...I know what you mean....
asks: What are YOU doing for Lord Byron's birthday?
They recorded me while doing the trust fall and falling on the ground. Yayy. Not.:I
My gramma takes plants from peoples carts (;
Will it teach her to drive? (When I was a kid, my dad HID Car Wars from us, because it wasn't how you really drove a car.)
Yessirr let's do this!
Fashion Show was great last night :) i had a lot of funn.
there would be a cutout of me on ebay..
We will be monitorning StubHub and craigslist; and shaking down any scalpers for our cut.
When will all that new stuff (iOS, etc.) be available? Still nothing is showing up. The servers are going to be slammed
indiana stucco contractors, stucco contractors indiana, stucco companies indiana, indiana stucco companies, indiana stucco company
What is going on
Loved ! : RT if you're seeing right now!
sorry, last one: Flight of the Conch Lords
Today a Jewish boy becomes a man. Popping my Langer's cherry.
: #FLORIDACLASIC OIL SPill
Check out clothing...
What was 's latest girlfriends name ??
Cindy Sherman?!?! yes, ma'am
Robert Sosa, who's hoisting the sign, remembers when busses in SA and the Magestic Theater were segregated.
My alter ego Ken Floogan will be on The Mashup today at 3 on WMFO.
How much did Warren Buffet's companies avoid? Since when did tax planning become a crime?
Wow something needs to be done it hurts the kids
Friends turn to foes, like virgins turn to hoes.
#Backinelementaryschool when I got demerits I got an whooping from my dad #redmarks ):
Lol : BTW, I've always thought you were legit. Still are. No opinion change there :-)
Liking gitbox better than github. Have you considered adding another column w/ actions specific to selected file?
I am who I am. Your approval isn't needed.
It's Neil Young Cover Day on XM's Deep Tracks. First, Nils Lofgren doing "Long May You Run;" now, Steve Stills with "The Loner"
"Live and direct when we perform / It's just coffee shop chicks and white dudes" RT Common playing at my coffee shop today.
First the bird outside woke me up and now my cat is in here trying to get me up. I wish animals slept in on the weekends.
ty for the add
"It's a warlock..... Or a witch ... Or a vampire. I don't fucking know."
Is it bc my belt is currently held together with scotch tape, or bc I'm a woman that it's unlikely that I'll ever be a Fortune 500 co. CEO?
exactly! I had to retweet that article. Open up some eyes.
right here lol
Springfield. It's 230 my sisters cat is sleeping on my face. I feel like I might die.
coming now
Pippa and Kate Middleton Share Their Fashion Finds 'Tis the season for sharing your blessings, and when it comes to the Duchess of Cambri
Alright, the site is down for maintenance right now, but we'll back up in a few minutes. I'll tweet again when everything's back.
ok cool!!! I will send u ticket nfo
Thanks for following my movement only for Divas & Gents...Hope you stay tuned...
Garbage at the 9:30 Club?! HELL YES!
10 And after fathering Cainan, Enos lived 815 years, continuing to have sons and daughters.
Finished my first day as a writer and reporter ! Two news stories later, I'm starving. Fortunately is cooking dinner.
Immigration rights change depending on the legality of the immigrant in question.
I have to admit there is only 1 guy that can make me laugh when I want to break down.
Movie recommendation is Eddie Murphy in "Coming to America"
hey boys, I'm playing whiskey jam this Monday, April 2nd. Yall come out!!
The day is a lot better with caffeine. Glad to have a tolerance again!
Tomorrow's September 1! Who's going all-Christmas?
I really want a magnificent, beautiful, emotionally charged proposal next season.
Thanks everyone. Had a great time as usual
Nice to meet you and thanks for the follow! Excited to read your #Fashion blog!
Thank you! I can't wait to show you!
turns out copyrights for works published 1923-1968 are 95 years from publication date. 22 more years..damn.
love the quote!
S/O to the cute girls walking into my store today.
Agreed, but I was braced for impact the whole time! Lol
idk i was bored
Fenway's 100th anniversary may be remembered as #Yankees HR Derby day.
going to Houston ? road trip ![:
2nite will be live till 11 with live in the mix the takes over till 2 along with !!!
Charles lookz like hez got into the 'nip!
"When our identity as God's children is questioned,... we are tempted to believe WE HAVE TO TAKE CARE OF OURSELVES." - Ashes to Fire year B
Guess where everyone who's anyone will be tonight?? for Here We Go Magic!
I'm happy to know I'm not your first priority cause bitch your definatly not mine ! #YouGotTold,HaveANiceDaySir !<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Many MKE Co workers will now become "insurance poor," which will lead to higher health care costs for everyone.
No kidding - Seth. I am so with you on that this Monday, err... Tuesday morning
The thing is, carrying the loaded gun was a "decision"...not an "accident"...How many "accidents" will it take?
bummer! I have a good idea what is going to happen...especially when you know who didn't renew their contracts lol
Ivy.. I miss you more!! I get my drivers license Friday! So we will deff make plans!! #loveyoumore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Polishing up presentation for #il2011. Cali, here I come!
Congratulations to Mark Johnson on his second closing today!
Can't say "do you speak English" in polish, despite phonetic lessons. resorted to simply speaking english & hoping they understand.
What should I do about my profile it seems so, boring. Any ideas or if I should keep it the same, tweet me PLZE!!!!
. thanks for the #ff !!! Happy weekend :)
fine ill get naked then lol
Just read this on reddit, "Dick Clark's death is a sign that there isn't going to be another new year..." don't you just love #boldclaims ha
Some of the tweets on May Day activity, in Seattle and elsewhere, are really a bit sensationalistic.
wont answer phone callz.=P Bet lol
correction, I do. So it makes it ok <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Thank you 4 the thoughts & prayers from
With you on my mind and my heart held in your hands.
yo we straight. give a fistbump for me tho
When you try to do the right thing...
Enjoy the trip! Sounds fab. I'm jealous
I love how my boyfriend was included in that twitversation
OMG they also have a show where you get to play trivia while commuting?!?! WHAT IS THIS STATION
Making #google my homepage was the best choice ever! No more being distracted with the #yahoo "news" stories
and - Thanks for the ReTweets!
Heanding to Krw City for BLC >>> have a good day everyone ( :
My feet are wet
ha! Tonight, sleep. Tomorrow-eternity, party.
Come on down Haight st tomorrow night (FRI) Gonna be smokin...
Thanks for the mention. It was good for him to see a response!
love from chicago. (;
my best guess for is Ken
Poor Binging Betty
Sweet jones from the southside of texas
Shoutout to the flute solo on Fabolous - Young'n (holla back)
An exciting day for all.
Haa! Wonderful answer. Give Bailey some love!
Haven't tweeted once today oh my days
Wonderful! I look forward to reading it. :)
Goodmorningg twitter.! dont want to go to school :P
This morning i went to pick my Hoodie up off the floor and there was a huge black spider crawling on it.
Van Gogh only sold one painting while he was alive, Red Vineyard at Arles. Thats messed up lol.
Is this your first Scottish Rite Leadership Conference?
Now Listening to The World by been a while since I heard this one... <3
I want that big eighh eighhh
Thanks for helping. We love our volunteers and hope to have you back! RT : I thoroughly enjoyed volunteering at the !
Narcissists are unbelievable, but real.
You'll get yours come BEA! I get to skip that this time around.
Did you know in 1897 African-American inventor Alfred Cralle patented the first ice cream scoop. His design remains in wide use, even today!
"Break That Single!" supports indie music artist. Get at us at 702-521-9715 We love to promote your hot single!
#MobileSpatialAppIdeas : food source tracker at point of sale. As mobile app and barcoding technologies get better and converge.
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.-- Kahlil Gibran
Hey, a girl has to be prepared. :) Would it surprise you to learn the mojitos are for a business meeting?
looks AMAZING, I love it!! :)
#quotes Technology is always evolving, and companies.. not just search companies.. can't be afraid to take advantage of change.
Watching some vids of the Montclair St. performance with Cartel. The best is when Ryan tells everyone to steal our shit.
it's gonna be hard Ugh fml
the newer ones are hilarious
We need a couple of volunteers to help serve lunch on Fridays! Email Josh if you can help, !
goodnight meatball. (: #Loveyoubestfriend!
Its amazing! i watched it twice! RT : i want to watch beastly*-*
I took the plunge and entered the mobile world. DaveWallaceVO.com is now viewable from your smartphone!
GoT a new phone its a good day
Don't take it personal... I just like to party...
THESE PICTURES OF MY FOLLOWERS DEAD HILARIOUS! WHO DO YOU THINK Y'ALL ARE!!! PICSTITCHING DON'T MAKE YALL LOOK GOOD
R.I.P Steve Jobs. Thanx 4 All Da Hard Work & Dedication/Effort You Put In During Your Life In Order 2 Satisfy Others..
The #Brewers better not lose to The Fathers tonight
Certainly no shortage of inspiration here!Sadly too many of our youth don't see it, they don't have folks like we do.
I thought i knew you but you've proven me completely wrong
Laugh when you can, apologize when you should & let go of what you can't change.
#SaySomethingNiceAboutObama he cares so much about our future generations he doesn't want them to be born into what he's been creating.
It's a gorgeous day in Nashville... come visit at the shop!
I think a more interesting metric would be (Cap #) / Snaps or yards. Try to eliminate current year bonus bias.
hey i quit dw but i'm on the computer right now it got fixed
2012 Minnesota Orchestra Composers Institute selected Hannah Lash & Andreia Pinto-Correia. Congrats to both of them!
back of the neck actually doesn't hurt. I have a backlight tattoo there, wasn't bad at all. Shoulder blade was the worst!
Nothing like egg sandwiches and street coffee to start a Friday morning off right!
We'll let the people who want to discuss that do that," Edmonton coach Tom Renney said. "That's their privilege.
what bracelet!?!?
um awesome.. Ill let u no an exact day wen I no
I hid all day today. Hard to believe that I am all talked out, but it's true. Had a restorative day without family and with cats
sounds cool rt if ur going to #MCN2011, consider .5 day arduino workshop...hot glue, soldering, and sensors of all kinds!
Not a morning person.....at all.
late night phone conversations >>>>>>>
If they did one for canine sidekicks. You'd be up against Marlowe (from Remy Chandler stories) and Louie (from Dog Days tales).
Too bad facebook ruined it for me:
tonight in the Zen Den. Get there for an evening social
To all #BCEagles fans - let know just how you feel about the team we have - it's time for #Spaziani to go - he doesn't have a clue!
Omg I know --> RT : Is it 5 o'clock yet? Please?
& why have we not met?
I'm really shhh! Don't tell anyone. :D
Listed in ...Might Be Good. Woo hoo! Go
please follow me I am a dedicated hunter n I love u so much! I would be so happy If u followed me!
Hi, Gary! I'm sorry that I can't make the tweetup at the Carmel market this Saturday. Thanks for asking me!
Corner, USA. Conceded by Rafael Marquez.
crying because he's perfect and we can't have him.
gotta be better than the Pistons... Although they have won 4 in a row
always keepin it real!
Our parrot just said "whore." I need to figure out how to monetize this bird.
love how you texted me back. Btw 1D hates you.
good morning to you beautiful hope you have a great day today :)
Mikeeeeyyyyy! I know you see this/.
The United States has spent more than 7.6trillion on defense and homeland security since the attacks of Sept. 11,2001.
Moes is a definite & thank you :)
” fear not” appears in the Bible 365 times...one for every day of the year
What happened to you working on ur summer figure, MaShana? Lasagna 1, me 0!
they are when they're on your hot wife!
And the 2011 MLB season is officially OVER
I totally agree! And who knew we'd discover what a 'Poinsetta' is also! :-)
u can buy me my new shirt now there out<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Radical transparency on outcomes is the way of the future--Jacqueline Fuller, Google charitable giving.
I could use a drink. Maybe yogurtland.
honestly I don't see the spurs being in their way at all
um see you at the empire target center in 5!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097>
I feel so discontent ... Def didn't plan on being here another month. But it's for a better job in a better place.
Cool! I had to cancel this trip, sadly. Even sadder now that I know I could have met you in the flesh!
Decisions make my mind ache Want to make a deal?
RT : “: Start with a simple idea to validate, then grow out the brand. #MobileStartupsTO” smart advice
I told my dad to pick me up from babysitting at 9.. He went to the wrong house and doesn't have his phone
I learn much more in stressful situations, but don't like stress.
“To be a champ, you have to believe in yourself when nobody else will.”—Sugar Ray Robinson
The best thing about cleaning is listening to music.
oh yeah, I forgot about that.
"Tomorrow is not Martin Luther King Day." ~ Me, on the phone, just now.
RT: Stop stressing over someone who broke your heart. They don't deserve your tears.
Areli + lily + alondra + me = screaming , laughing , & more screaming (;
Last night was fun, a little party , then I got to chill with my besties and
The Map Center opens today - their digital collection is amazing, and they have a map from 1906 with Simmons on it!...
Atheist idiots who get mad at other peoples invisible friends.
pshhh, you know I drove 95% of the time on tour right? With ZERO wrecks, thank you. If you can trust anyone its me ;)
AnOtHeR gOoD mOrNiNg FrOm HaWaii!!!!
Samba Fogo catches fire in new dance concert - Salt Lake Tribune
RT : RT : A4: First figure out what are your must haves and what you can be flexible on
That makes sense. Yea I was surprised Upshaw was still there
I hate unnecessary blood in movies…
Share your career knowledge and experience with current University of Pittsburgh OCC Honorary students. RSVP at 412-648-7145!
Little House on the Prarie
Overheard at the bar: LSU fan Bo: "That game was terrible, kinda like watching a molestation or something." Geesh, life goes on man
good when you coming to south Florida
ur a very special person to me. i love u with all my heart, ive been a fan since day 1 and ill always be one. :)
Miley Cyrus on F-Bomb Video: ‘I Would Never Swear to a Fan ’ Miley Cyrus is on vacation with boyfriend Liam Hemsworth in Costa Rica
be more Canadian.
The city is my church!
literally made me embarrass myself by laughing in this library...running into a wall though!?!
Freaking love Jeremy in Elk Grove. Recommended Trugolr cheese, Columbus Secchi and crusty bread. Best dinner in weeks!
see ya luvies
Not going to first period today , fuck it ehh #YOLO (:
I just went to flowers.com and window shoped for all the ladys of peoplestring for some nice flowers
Ole lame ass nigga...why u mad at me?? Sucka ass nigga.
you had me at hello.
so what's this good news you said you had to tell us about?
you use the phrase "Faith family" a lot in the book radical. Is it just another word for church?
oh:( hey atleast ull have us:)
At Steel Magnolias rehearsal. Hope you're enjoying our practice space, people at the Elizabeth Smart lecture. :)
when put in perspective, you're right. I get overly protective of populist rally cries, esp when my coffee hasn't kicked in.
I'm literally about to puke all over this fucking class room. It's so stuffy in here. Open a fucking window.
Feels good.
it has its ups and downs but its my home and I like it. The sites are beautiful though
Lakers always better when Phil has facial hair. The weirder the better, too. When he's clean-shaven, they stink.
Thanks RT : #FF for my Recent Follows
John hughes died today.
You were pale as fuck yesterday and tanner than me the next. Lol this girls spray tan looks fake as hell
Still in London for the moment
that's epic! Goodluck tonight pierce!
how about a rt for a huge wildcat fan and a great season to come this year =GO BIG BLUE
Off to postsecret!
Don't fool urself...Lakers ain't beatin Thunder, they're time has passed
At the Blind Pig. All over Ann Arbor.
My phone fell on my face when I looked at 's IG Photo<3
does anyone remember from Mad TV..."Lowered Expantations "? I guess its not comedy on TV as a joke anymore huh?
#gofurniturerow78 from Denver!
Was it ever a skill??? Or is it taught, expected, and demanded. Not in AAU obviously.
I need to start the next chapter of my life .. Asap
Family Day :)
Friday was Friday, saturday was Saturday, Sunday is championship Sunday. 3 weekends in a row in the championship game(:
Oh yes! <33
When Rex saw his arms he said "Cant wait to see what his feet look like"
Then on Sunday were on our way 2 the mall !!!!!!AH !!!!!! Get ready for your 2 biggest fans in the universe !!!!!!!!<U+E057><U+E057><U+E057><U+E057><U+E057>
#MyTop10GucciSongs My kitchen. .....
#fishfry and mushroom risotto feature at #cafeperrin tonight.
Dear Evelyn, Hey girl we havnt talk at all. I miss you a lot. Your so beautiful and so sweet and kinf an i love you. ur the best friend ever
I don't know what you mean by big culture. I think everyone who works for a theatre should know mission, live it.
At a cast party for my schools musical, conclusion. Grant's house super ghetto
We opened May, 2007. Sorry to reply so late!
This video were planning out is gonna be crazy I can't wait
Shhhh!!!!! Producing @ the moment. 2 beats done for the collection.
This is an EX parrot!!
you too. First ones to lose, was it?
that is soo awesome congrats to you!! :) :)
Guterman: Conundrum of prevention work is trying to attend to problems that haven't yet surfaced.
Your gifts are not only for you, but also for others. Someone needs what you have to offer. Share it.
111111111111 so many ones
What's one year apart with two weeks like that?
#erate provides the funds for just about every network in schools, says Harrington
Just had the most outstanding customer service experience at #Safeway on Hawthorne in #pdx... grand opening, staff fantastic!
The White Sox logo is only black and white.
I realized I haven't been tweeting much lately. I am sure all my followers have been wondering the same thing! Don't worry folks I'm back!
Riding to Palmetto Bay Park to play ball with the boys
RT this if you're hispanic and proud :)
ditto. Thankfully I don't work tomorrow
How was everything??
Is the new Live209 Show going to be posted tonight? Can't wait to see it!!!
We can be of assistance! RT : I need a graphic designer/web designer to help me wit my website....
Thank goodness #BoS2011 streaming is over. Now can finish the tool that I was suppose to wrap up couple of days ago... It was cool though!
I missed the Boyz dance<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>I will watch it at 10
q1: in an ideal world we would check items out to a dummy display account so we all know where they are - working on that one
What? :l
Let no man fear to die, we love to sleep all, And death is but the sounder sleep.
we are pretty ready to go i feel like, but i know there's going to be shit that we haven't thought of.
Don't take life too seriously. You'll never get out alive~Elber Hubbard
The Weather is warming up whose excited for spring!
Concession stands at Augusta National to serve tuna fish on matza this weekend at the
Braun's gonna end this. We're wasting drinking time!
Hahahahaha RT : If I introduce you to a restaurant and we break up, you better never go there again.
oh thanks, ikk ;) nah jkkk, im nervous to be talking to you
I saw Nick Harris put on an amazing punting performance when Cal came to Illinois in 2000. Loren Tate was impressed; thus so was I.
stop thw drugs adam
#gout free over three years and counting
"When all goes against you & you can't hold on a minute longer,don't give up..that's just when the tide'll turn" - Harriet Beecher Stowe
Checking out the CMC videos on the catholicacademy.org website!
Blood orange, you are delicious. I love you.
Just purchased $842.26 from Amazon via Adam Carolla web site. Will never be enough to pay for all of his material I stole.
A witty saying proves nothing.
O! with the nuts on em?
Apparently by resigning, you mean only Arian. Who else? The least they could do is cut Jacoby.
L'Shanah Tovah! Happy New Year to our Jewish friends!
more inspiration to come. It's pilot writing time
ASO fashion/culture show April 16th!! It's FREE! a night of food, fun and fashion. We're Also raisng money for the Ivorian Hope Charity.
Woot woot! RT: : The #BEER that made Milwaukee Famous and the first beer I ever drank is following.
Good times during #AIGAinNYC2012 Miss all the running jokes...
What the hell was going on there? I'm smack amid hockey country and they have the sound up on the NBA game. WAT?!
if you are over 13 you should NOT make Silena Gomez,Justin Bieber,twilight,Jonas brothers,Cody simpson reffrences..grow up people.
Marketplace broke a story about This American Life getting a story wrong and All Things Considered reported on how it all happened
not perfect.. just forgiven.
I am EXCEEDINGLY terrible about self-promotion, am always amazed at those who do it well and/or without pause.
I'm excited to celebrate 5 years cancer free with friends tonight!
I had you big, i had you small, i don treally give a shit, i love them all. Big whit zig zag ect.............
Jon Bon Jovi is doing Advil commercials. What a rock star. In other news Keith Richards is doing speedball commercials.
Brewster Kahle is striving to build Alexandria Library II so that anyone anywhere anytime can have access to the world's knowledge
Colton (HMC fighter) just won by rear naked choke in 1st Rd at Tuff N Uff!!!!
I was up so high lookin down at the sky, don't let me fall
My butt is a problem when buying jeans :(
Dozen oysters, standing, solo. Lincoln center may be less horrible than I'd thought?
Haha crazy ass
thanks dude. I know you don't write the headlines - so wasn't trying to bust on you at all.
Is it an ancient golf ball? lol Totally kidding btw
MP's Soul Food in NoHo. Great food and sercice.
I'm watching play Deadrising.
Boy you got my heartbeat running away
i can't wait to see how you act around her...
neighbors are the BEST! lol.
Here is the test to find whether or not your mission on earth is finished: If you are alive, it isn<U+FFFD>t
You actually think da GOD of da whole universe is waiting for YOU to decide whether your gonna walk down a isle and accept him or not?really
It will be at the Rhatigan Student Center room 203, tomorrow Monday 10/12, at 1:30 PM. Anyone is welcome to come out.
I wouldn't say slow -- more like persistence and tenacity! Is this going to be a global release?
fosters and grilled cheese and chili !.. and if you have mood disorders get help med marijuana ! legal should be
haha good question...may be grounds for a
Where are you throwing the Southern Tide Event? In Charlottesville? What location? Keep us informed!
ill be in the club nigga throwin money while everything goin down
hey stranger
and also SM Bros. You collect all the coins and fight dragons.
I love you too babbbeee!
caption contest ..."on the road again"
Where you goin?
I'm outside the class. -_- it's locked. RT : where is is she dead!!!! :O
“: When the water has too much chlorine so your teeth squeak #swimmingproblems” OHMYGOSH!
Like talk? :)
“: Guys, help us trend #ProstitutionForNicki, just so she knows how we feel about having no tickets!! Go!” thats stupid .
I just need a clone. Or a drink.
This weekend included four (!!) derby bouts, Avengers, and lots of friendtime. Not quite enough sleep, though, so fixing that shortly.
Can never go wrong with
No force in the 'verse can stop me.
Guarantee I'll get you in trouble.
It's an issue how much I love Blaine... sigh...
HellzYeah I do ! Finally feel like I've arrived at the train station, which we'll just call DESTINY :) It's only just beginning
yea ok whatever!
Got a B on my Spanish test!
y'all up for #Battle this weekend if Mr.frequent flyer miles is back intown? <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
The 3rd Annual Lake County Senior Shootout Set For April 13th
there's this awesome band and you should totally play their song "One More Time" on the radio =)
At the Library have no internet but when i do going to play some blackopps online for x-box360
Q: What's your favorite mom-ism? We'll see you at the mall for Mother's Day shopping this week!
same thing happens with asparagus
I can't right now
There's photoshop, auto tune, & plastic surgery. Too bad there's nothing for your ugly personality.
Looking for low cost spay/neuter services and vaccination packages for your dog or cat? Check out the Spay/Neuter Clinic!...
That is SO COOL!
I can recall when we were brainwashed into actually believing that women did not deserve equal pay for equal work.
Working 10 hours today. Getting up at 6am for a fashion meeting and then working 12-8.. God I better get this bearinstein bears job !!
Some of these gals have Diamond from the Player's Club as their patron saint. Hee hee...just saying. Brought to you by Ciroc. :)
“: Time for a nice healthy breakfast of hard Liquor.”
Most attractive person i following <U+27A1><U+27A1><U+27A1><U+27A1><U+27A1><U+27A1>
listening to warm up for their show in our little library for children. la la la la!
“ “ YOU ARE SUPPOSE TO INSPIRE YOUR BROTHERS.””
Thanks silk!
FIX HER
I'm literally taking this one day at a time.
Wait a minute this AINT SNOW , IT'S MUDAFUCKING COCAIN ! Yes ! Now only if it rained WEED…
not much
Thanks! :) RT : #ff for awesome deals and info about Foursquare in Boston.
Mitt Romney - the best the GOP could do. Thank God not the best America can do, however.
Uh-oh! We are losing followers!
Any recommendation for a great merchant credit card processor who has a solid API and excellent support?
ikr.. toes crossed too
uplifting fact of the day: one in five divorces are blamed on remyboy
TY for the RT. Love what u do!
so true just landed here last night to the pour down, enjoy your friends like me!
Good Morning my fellow friends & family HeHe! I pray you have a blessed day. Stay positive today :)
yeah right. if that's Wade who takes that foul, its called a flop.
YEEE I CAN'T WAIT FOR ANOTHER #COOLMORNING2 (: #YEE IT'S GONNA BE #DOPE :D
Hey Did U Ever Get My Song And Pic???
": Walking has to be the most underrated act known to man." <U+25BA>Right after breathing
I can be the most irritable, cranky, downright rude, demanding, hot mess of a person, and this guy will fight thru it. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
I feel like my head is going to explode. That's like writing a cook book when all you know how to do is burn toast.
I'm to young to do porn. And scared :P
You're enjoying this entirely too much.
T3 I don't think so... I think most people aren't too interested in Meaningful Use. (tho they should be!)
I love my friend to death, but her friends are boring as fuck.
Had a peek at the new Argyle dashboard this afternoon - very excited!
In LaCrosse at the Making Parity Real Symposium that our team coordinated. Grt audience! Lrn more @ www.makingparityreal.org
Master of his domain
Would it be possible to get an interview with you? ^.^
no problem girlie!
Yet there are some people - Steve Allen would dissect comedy forever; he's a really funny guy, but he would love talking about comedy
Might sign but OKC matches it RT : Say planets align, OKC cant extend Harden, how much should Cavs offer him? $12M?
Good day to all the twitterheads out there juss wanna thank god for allowing me to see another day
Thank you! RT: Good work of non-profits
Call me asap sis.
uy! Not you! Lmao germs! *sprays germ repellent bottle *
Happy Mothers Day! Thanks for everything you've done for me. I love you mom! You're the best mom in the world! <U+2665>
The tablet/kiosk opt-in sounds familiar. :)
Sending you a DM...
Reading books was like debating with dead ppl in the columns. Like I wiped my brain with the pages.
Great time in Denver, looking forward to Tuesday's Swap at Fluid in San Francisco
I don't think these sleeping pills are working anymore :(
Thanks! I have no doubt I am going to end up totally addicted. Just what I need, another obsession LOL.
Ok , I sent a test.
steve, thank you for tinkering in your garage and making this all possible. fortunate to have been alive during your time. RIP
I didn't think you did :)
wolf Blitzer did an outstanding job of allowing the gen public TO get an understding of the GOP radical idiots that are running!!!
ic ... should be a good time.
Ello, I'd be happy to text you. ^^
[cont'd] Jerry Seinfeld, Captain Janeway (the actress, not the character)...anyway - happy birthday to you!
I never had a problem with flip phones.
So, I wonder if that's contact on Twitter?
how loud is it right now at the arena?
I really REALLY miss Milwaukee. Would love to work here again HINT HINT Milwaukee PD's. Like hint muthafuckin hint!!!
Agreed. Very poorly calculated on his part.
In other news my roommate does not walk....she drags her feet across the hardwood floors. Major pet peeve of mine.
Take my razor and sign your name across my wrists so that everyone will know who left me life this.
Drinks soon?
The 'Walmart' folder is stuff for work. The '<U+F8FF> Apps' folder is for Apple apps that I use a lot but don't fit on the home screen.
Can't sleep o_O Someone sing me a lullaby
Same for that other Facebook dweeb!!!
good goal
I mean, if you have the opportunity to author an alliteration, are you not obligated to seize it?
I like that song :)
it's so painful!!!!
next up: friday, may 25th post-sox rock&roll at Who's On First? Boston!
that's love!
going to the LGBT business expo at the Javitts Center. Tweet if you're there.
5. #Sibos showcases wide range of outside voices: politicians, journalists, regulators, consultants; #MLA12 is predominantly academics
Help spread the word on likemind!
Thanks for the follow
i miss u so much and it wont let me follow u so follow me , <3 daniella <3
Life without stalkers, creeps & innapropiates just wouldn't be complete. It wouldn't make sense.
I really need to start my final paper like TODAY.
I bet the neighbors know your name. (;
My neighbor's stunning renditions of Third Eye Blind songs is apparently one of the things I miss by going to the office every day.
James Pattersons New Book "11th Hour" Is A Real Page Turner!
Now following
I am officially part of a Mosquito's balanced breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
2nd winning pick #NFL week 6 - Redskins/Chiefs - 37 -
Working from home on a program development template while listening to Led Zeppelin. Not a bad way to spend the Friday before Christmas
Aw(: that's so cool(:
#LA Artists!! Need Studio time?? Contact us at 310.947.6172 to schedule a session j.mp/jqO3Wz
who knew there were sparknotes for the Federalist Papers .-.
Hey do u live in Danville like CA :) ?
Thanks! Happy #WriterWednesday to you too
Great Day looking forward to what the print world has for us tomorrow.
We're working with Groupon on this one, but they are going to be returning it to the non-redeemers.
“: Almost... ;-) RT Almost as pretty as the #24 car ;-) #Corvette #BJA2012 Great cause Congrat
We are launching a new series called the Pittsburgh Beats for the music and DJ culture of Pittsburgh. 1st up, DJ Zimmie.
lol make me!
Feeling like a punk today. Alright;)
On the way to the show. So amped for this.
Sometime when you dont know "what to say"..say nothing..just let them know you love them.
Any word on Marcus? And his health how is he doing after the accident..
You're so welcome! Saw it forever ago & had to get it for you. What color did you get?
. on SuperCongress committee. Group represents leadership & not the American people. Damn we have lots of changes to make in 2012.
There's a new Turkish-inspired bar - Tel'Veh - coming to 401 Mass Ave, NW ... will serve Turkish coffee.
See you tonight at The Pretzelmen show? Midnight!
I love it! My favorite color even! :)
Facebook page of an old friend is getting comments. But he is gone. Good lord. I'm adding my Twitter & Facebook to the fine print of my DNR.
Good job Joe Inglett. Davis could've struck out looking himself.
Sometimes I think who would I rather be with.... Fake friends, family, co workers. NAW SPend THE NEXT 50 yrs with. # completesme!
Happy Valentine's Day!
yikes, poker stars and strips put down a full house of maple leaves! Gin rummie next!
I had the scariest dream, to the point where I woke up and puked. Wtf
I don't deserve this.
That sounds delicious :)
Made an instagram!! (: follow me and ill follow you! (: emilyrosekemp
Traffic on KRLD and Sirius XM Phoenix til 9....just found out this company (Metro) got sold to Clear Channel. Big News in Trafficland.
funniest fucking guy alive period period.
Oh, nice!
Thanks for the RT. Super cool product and fun project to work on!
so i finally listened to call me maybe for real and i aint gone lie, it be slidin (y)
The Darkness have a super awesome Christmas song! I put it on every Christmas mix.
Can't wait to get my sleeve done:-) # tattoos
I can't stop thinking about those poor puppies!
RT This waitress just brought me a half filled diet coke! I guess someone really doesn't want their full tip, lol!
How much ive changed in the last 3 months > > >
Best baseball account you're not yet following: The Binder knows all. Even when it doesn't.
The hunger games trip today.
": Derrick Rose is so valuable. What would they do without him... #ohwait."
Person dies in movie; "Eh. They probably desevered it." Puppy dies in movie: "WHAT THE F^CK! WHAT DID THE PUPPY DO?!"
to bruh i got u on tha 8th for ur birthday me u and tha bros are having a day out after i get tatted up on my gut
You promise you'll never leave, you promise goodness and mercry, shall follow me, surrounding me everywhere that I go!!! #GODLYTWEET :-)
oh, it's fine! & i'm doing pretty good, what about you? (:
Esme, do you have time to call in?
ESPN and the sports media were so pumped for these new nfl jerseys, and what do you know? None of them changed really.
Breakfast with my friends:))
US NATO soldiers killed, Korans burnt due to error, demonstrations in streets, $MM spent every month. When will we leave Afghanistan?
ugh why not!?
LETS GO POWER!
#RomneyClassicLit The Idiot
Crashing a youth group on Wednesday to see Kiros. :)
Stay tuned for the biggest sponsor announcement yet! In the meantime, recruiting WordPress help for the IgniteATL team. Anyone want to join?
major problems when you can't sell out 8 NFL games a year. No offense.
you improve the quality of my life. Just thought you should know...
This does not surprise me XD
Hi - thanks Byron. :)
But y'all know my line if it ain't doing shit for me it's not rellevant and im for fairness
The enemy will do anything in his power to bring you down, but the wonderful thing is God's power will always be greater!
it's better Now
who are YOU endorsing?
What a wonderful morning... Better than i thought it would be
I'm following his thoughts are uplifting.
omg ur my role model. ur awesome
always one foot on the ground.
Aw pussy is all wet I sprayed him with the hose
it's just ridiculous, especially this year, it's for their taking and they can't get it done
Groupon shares surge 20% ahead of earnings
I bet Michael was in on that mission.
concert was AMAZING!!! best night ever!!! the only thing that couldve made it better was if i got the right t-shirt. I <3 ANDY
Thx for idea! I may have to do that..I'm on peep overload! I found a ton of peep creations on #pinterest that looked fun too
<U+2752> Single <U+2752> Taken <U+2714> No one likes me because i am weird as fuck
For once I feel like I'm actually making a difference.
I would have bought ya any wine you'd like since I've learned so much from you. La Cave (great wine joint in vegas)
Brewers fans galore on the Hiawatha!
Jason Isbell just finished up at # Oldsettlersmusicfestival. looking for !
when you get to Indy stop by the curling demo sheet in SB Village if you have some free time. Hope to see you in town!
I got a pig for a pet!
Same here! #10 is always packed. Might be ok if it ran as frequently as scheduled.
I legit hate it when people say "Can't beat them, join them" wtf kinda advice is that?
what song nigga?!
what up
Will do...
Happy Birthday , Have a good day , enjoy it to the fullest !! :D
my Chansey is keep fucking with me it says its evolving but then it doesn't hm....
what's the beginner first step in learning to scream vocals?
Legit spazzing right now
congrats! I'm working on my next album, so I'm taking a little break from gigs at the moment.
S/O to and follow them
#EMAC students if you still need a last minute course, check out PSY 3331! New section opened on Mondays!
I forgot... How fun it was to calculate self employment tax having worked in two states with state returns and three jobs... I love my job
Reading Edge #237. Listening 2 new trio record. Both r great representations of their art. Waiting 4 fixed minivan. :)
Khajida Ismaylov #ISOCDC roundtable on corruption. Azeri President's family created shell company, AzeriPhone, which won cellphone contract
Wearing my Giants hat and my Patriots zip up!
nice collection....:)
Just got out of dance!! :))
In 1958 today, the first radio broadcast, from space was transmitted by the US satellite Atlas.
Just downloaded my first children's app and now am picturing my next book as an app instead (except that I don't know how to make apps!)
Your work looks slick!
Haha okay just text me first to make sure I'm ready :D
where are we watching it!
I know I was sad AF lol
LOVE the show on When will give her own show?Love her! Sharp as a tack and pleasant to look at!
yayyyy i shall see you next period
Just landed 3 major hotels in Chicago to offer discounts to our members. Less than 2 months for the launching of www.DatingChicagoland.com!!
Bruce Willis will sue the creators of Max Payne 3 lol
Lots and lots and lots of spite for you arising my book lust.
Thinking about that 70's commercial..." I'd like to buy the world a coke, and keep it company..." what a great way to start off the week.
If you listen closely you can hear the gas pump tell your kid's college fund to go fuck itself.
Yessir! I'm ready to get this year goin. And I'm pulling for your Nets to get Dwight.. he'd be a great fit out there!
Playing in duo at the Tower Bar (Sunset Towers) tonight, 7-11.
Police aren't the only ones looking for a wanted South Florida man. See my live report at 6am on NBC6
you're not tall!!
I miss you and Corina! We need to hang out again really soon!
ok I followed u. Can u follow back?
... A tasty pie with a garlic ricotta base, mozzarella, red onions, mushrooms, apples, cashews, gorgonzola and topped with mandarin oranges.
BOL!!!! Betta believe it! But not right now. Catchn <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> cuz had me scared to go to sleep last nite, lol! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BB>
I wonder how my twitter crush is doing. What up how are you diabetic girl babycakes don't die on me love bug thug
Delta has another useless program. Business miles can't get upgrades but personal miles can !
again I'm intruding but AWE THAT IS SO FREAKIN CUTE . Ok, ok I'm done .
what's good my guy?!
Currently waiting on the BGC Vegas reunion. I'm ready to see Camille whoop everybody.
is going to be a brilliant follow
Thanks for the follow.
Is there truly a way to define a human being. Only if they allow themselves to be defined by it.
this traffic is ridiculous. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Who stayed up too late last night?? ME! I DID! And who is showing their Twitter love first thing this lovely Sunday morning?? ME! IAM!!
dude spread the word, we'll hook you up!
: Agreed! It was one of the best I've seen in such a long time.
Haha! I was hoping you seen that! RT : Fuck For RT'ing the dumbassity of
Yet wildly popular. Happy B-day to both : Today is Twitter's birthday. Tomorrow is mine. We are both short and often irrelevant.
push back:)
eating a slice of red velvet cake perfection mom made it
If You like , then you will need to be at Much Ado About Brew April 2nd. Get your tix before they sell out - kgoradio.com/beer
Saxophones are the worst
well headed to the hospital to see if my hand is broken...
oh my...how is it that my sister has a 4.0 in school but doesn't know what Amish means? -.-
-no i was there & bored! The show was really slow.
the Strait theory was mostly conceived on his performance in Sky High as Warren Peace, angsty bad-ass. *G*
Might give in to getting Instagram
my bad! You will get approval rights next time! :-)
I refuse to buy another #brewers ticket until they stop playing like a bunch of overpaid chumps. They're worse than Rihanna in Battleship.
Hey there, I <U+2665> local music! Right now helping promote - have you heard of him?
RT : Make sure to stop and talk to and the team during our upcoming Asia Virtual Fair March 31st
Many schools are closing early today for fear of tornadoes this afternoon.
my co wokrer telling me how her man wont give her no dick " see i tell you everything''
No school this week :) yay
It's sad to say but yes smh. I read a couple of articles that confirmed facebook is going to go public on friday. Smh again...
You think you know someone, & then realize you had no idea.
listening to you discuss your jury duty must hav jinxed me got a summons 1st time ever and im 39
Great meeting with my networking group! Good luck Brad!
On the 1st day of my #vacation...I went back to sleep
Lunching in IAH & the speakers sing "I'm dreaming of a white Christmas". Me? Not so much--I'm not in agreement.
What table were you at? Haha. Twitter makes ANC a small town.
Training in the rain after two classes off, with a neck that isn't swiveling quite right-Love it! :-)
Twitter is suggesting people for me to add. I'm adding them, even though I don't know who most of them are. I hope they're interesting!
yea Joe you wouldn't get this one! He played in the early 80's.
. What do you think about T.S. Eliot?
I'm down!
hey please follow back i really would like to message you for the tix! x
same here!!
Cheers to a new year... and another chance to get it right!
Dont forget!Serving lunch beginning Monday June 20, 2011.Delicious lunch items by Chef Marco A. Espinoza. One Up...not "just" a nightclub.
its put the cereal box in the fridge kind of morning isn't it?
Thanks bro! ": Great meaning you this week. Look forward to God continually doing great things through you!"
the bottom line is that no one really knows for sure if justin and selena broke up, so we should all just stop talking about it.
DUMPED DUMPED
Oh How I love thee
Will you mentor me? I have issues.
Oh, nice! Are you going to the session? If so, take notes for us!
Alright FAC Heads, it's been a good run..thanks for all of your support, our doors are officially closed. Stay in touch...STAY LIFTED!
Forgiving others is a must. But make sure not to sweep your pain under the rug.
The capacity for hope is the most significant fact of life
Thanks for the shout! :)
Whatcha doin homies??? It's officially HAPPY HOUR!!!! Come get a cold drink on our patio or by our breezy windows!!!!!
I saw you are getting a new show. When/where is it supposed to air?
I love the last line in the #GrantLand piece. " The king will stay the king, as long as he wants the crown ".
Nothing better than finding out your friends talk about you.. If you have something to say about me, say it to me. Not to everyone else.
your life looks beautiful and yummy
bite me!
At the bellagio hotel in vegas have drinks with friends and listening to music and a bit of dancing.
"stretch goal"
WMYB played & Zayn's part came on & I.yelled "MOM ITS MY HUSBAND" ha I'm cool (;
Whutchu wanna bet? RT : I bet the Laker lose tonight!
Happy mother's day to my mom and all the other moms
we love you all...Nana wanted me to tweet you all for her! <3 XOXO :)
Good Morning : D
Final line for Pettitte: 6 1/3 IP, 7H, 4ER, 3BB, 2K. Standing ovation for the veteran even though they trail. Says something about him.
Do you know the context for the Harley-golf cart video? (Also, I now see where you boys got your love of gadgets...!)
That is so smart. I can never part w/my favorite clothing even if I haven't worn it in a while. Especially anything
u didnt invite me for conveyor belt sushi with 's parents? I'm hurt
Sounds like me grading final essays -- due Tuesday at noon. Eek! Why am I checking Twitter???
High hopes there. “: #Browns and #Cavs sure have a shitload of early picks in 2012 Drafts. Better not screw it up guys.”
Join us at #FETC room S230F to see the #evscicats Anatomy of a Revolution
in all honesty by doing a video blog you would open yourself to a new audience today ppl watch more videos than read blogs
7lbs one week, off to a good start! Now to keep at it..
of course. There's a surprise down there for ya ;)
hahaha favorite quote of the night. I am excited to tweet some innapropriate pics soon of that debauchery
RT : Awesome to see devote substantial coverage to #HornofAfrica famine: visibility will help drive donations .
I refuse to let Monday get the best of me today...lol I wonder how long that will last
requested the day off for mothers day but slept in till now -__- damn u vicodin for givin me such lovely sleep
It’s been said, “Habits form a second nature.” But I say addiction to specific pain killers can transform one into a different creature!
RT : Indiana Jones and the Mountain of Object Provenance Paperwork #lesserknownIndianaJonesmovies (via )
Madonna: bitch, you from michigan--not london. What's with that fake ass accent???
VoteIndeCan is a left leaning site. Any real independent can through this deception
is there a new teen wolf coming out?
Being Chicago, I don't know if I should live-tweet with the east coast or the west coast. I could swing either way.
RT : "Anyone who dares to waste one hour of life has not yet discovered the value of life." - Charles Darwin
Chloe Sevingy just walked into my nail salon. Last I saw her, I was telling my intern to stop bothering her at our Swarovski event.
CAN YOU DIG IT?!
auditioned for a principal role for the BBC Television Series, The Fugitive Chronicles, in Miami. The producers were impressed with me!
I enjoyed r yummy bkfst & hope u can make it out to #SanDiego soon so I can take u to -Allie ()
You really think I have it done?
Whats for dinner?
If everyone thinks its pretty good it probably won't work
Women. A trans Atlantic call and they talk about tea. And we're dependent on what they want to buy based on advertising. Go figure that.
We can't wait for to relaunch www.honorsocietymusic.com, can you?
i just keep wondering why i keep getting answers to questions i&#39;ve never ask. stop projecting your insecurities like they&#39;r…
will you be joining us at the KGO beer and food festival on April 2nd? We'd love to have you there.
Can you please come to my house friday and do my hair and makeup for prom? I'm stressed.
thanks!! We miss you too!! xoxo,
#vsa2011 practicing our stalking I mean tracking in Science Storms Three Methods Workshop
Sending positive thoughts to as she has surgery today!
NEW VIDEO SHOOT THIS SATURDAY AT CLUB NIGHT MOVES COME FUCK WITH ME
Koch & ALEC members are treasonous forces who wrap themselves in the flag and carry the Christian cross...beware America!
In 1973, made $9,100 for the year. His take: "Better than what Arianna pays most of her bloggers."
The New York Knicks are hosting the LA Lakers tonight at the Madison Square Garden. Call now to get your game tickets: 888-493-0004
i was on my fake boss shit n that pic lol
Really don't wanna hear anything on #tiger. Let's celebrate the man that won and how he got there. Freaking is da man
Im not worried Mr Green. Do you.
I can't wait to read some JB. Fiction?
What's worth coming out at midnight to see? Testing the limits with Lockout. Low expectations but maybe the previews will rock.
-Bad Girl Club Is Really Crazy,,,,
lol scar is more independent :) she don't bother me unless I'm laying in bed then she curls up around my head for some reason
Last Day of Autism Awareness Month - Tell me what you've done to raise awareness!!
Good Ones
haha would what?
wet hot american summer.
Yes! Please remind me. Thank You God!
The palace!! RT ": Nights at 's place never fail to entertain."
I'll be presenting a bit of my new research to the New Media and Literature Group at Rutgers on Dec. 15. So excited!
Timbers break out with a flurry of 2nd half goals in opening night 3-1 win! Coverage coming up on at 11
anything bout vader's elephant mask or road dogg or billy gunn or new age outlaws or rikishi or the rock?
Why the fuck did my twitter unfollow everyone ://
maybe the wall art sucks...
we shall see
STOP screaming im trying to be serious!!! GOD -ashton kutcher
God, you're so fucking annoying. Shut the fuck up before i get up and bitch slap you!
The older i get the less people i trust
Laundry is always fun though ain't it.
Tip: As you prepare for the chat, you may want to become familiar with the quick tools on the right side of the page
3/19/1791->Lafayette: Our country, my dear Sir, (& it is truly yours) is fast progressing in its political importance, and social happiness.
he must have put the beat down on the guy
how do you lose followers by being hacked?
Need a local band for tomorrow night, any bands available and interested?
hey guys how are you if you guys see this please follow me :) love you guys your music is just amazing :)
I'll def think of you, while pre-partying. I'll have a Miller Lite for ya!
lol I hope your alright man
Shit just got real. People getting tased n shit at the beach
Thorstein Veblen~ Conspicuous consumption of valuable goods is a means of reputability to the gentleman of leisure.
Yeah i live my life by music lyrics but would u kno me any other way???? Probably not...
Do you remember when WGAL used to have those little signs along roadsides? You can still find them every once in a while.
easter bunny comes tonight!
Last time #NBA block champion had 100 or more blocks than the 2nd place finisher. 1984-'85 Mark Eaton (456) Olajuwon (220). Eaton won DPOY
Notice that if you blow in a dogs face it goes mad, yet when you take him on a car ride he sticks his head straight out the window? -My son-
So glad you came and so glad you enjoyed it! Penny did an amazing job!
... teach my Real Ryder class (of course right?)
people ask giorgia stupid things on her tumblr. its waisting her time. "are cody and kylie dating?" ..do you really think she'd answer that?
TY! It was fun as it always is tasting @ the Bin! Love the hospitality of the owners!:) Italian wine there tonight, eh? I'm in.
I made it then!!!!
Oh, absolutely. Good on a couple of different levels.
MayDay Inc. providing quality personal assisting services to the best in the entertainment and fitness
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. -- Aristotle
Lets go bynum is a beast
Nice. I will be teaching a creative photography workshop this fall at Watkins College of Art and Design. I'll know dates soon.
About to meditate. I really need to clear my mind...
#PhilOchs Thanks, Neal!
looks busy up there with the train crash....working on that at all?
And a reductive argument would be better because? I don't see how complexity and context are damaging.
Conducted my first ever focus group tonight. Learned some great things about how students want to be communicated with thru tech.
hey! i run a street team too! you should totally check them out(: have a great day! xoxo
Debate in Delaware
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVE EVERYONE!!!! hope you have a great one(: Let's finish this year with a smile(:
Hey to you!
RT u good?? Yea im goin home its too cold in the d
oh god no! Dm me your email and i'll send you info
#smbmad sya it anint so . Get your butt over there, first 15-20 min will be intro and housekeeping. Go hear the speaker
thank you!
more- usher
You Spin Me Round (Like a Record) - Dead or Alive. It was the single. Spent two weeks allowance on it.
Liar liar.
Watched a couple of very bizarre movies. Little Deaths last night, Sleeping Beauties tonight. Loved the first, liked 2nd. Charlie hated
i like your sweatshirt! when are you having your spring 2012 fashion show?
Gearing up for my paper on Grimms in the U.S. Early, yes. But what in life that's worth seeing isn't? You should all come, #pcaaca folks.
yu have a funny voice
You guys watching the division series? Yesterday I watched the game w/Wikipedia open, of course!
RT : #coachmule i think the woman is interested in the babysitter. And thats what she's really worried about......
Yo what up Boi! Stopping by to say what up & great mixing at KISS FM yesterday! Especially that 5min freestyle! (SHEEESH) lol
Break up, then break a sweat. We should stay together, than we argue again.
Well, "Experimenter" role is also hampered due to past abuse/stereotype: IT as tinkerer with cool tech. Key is tech as means.
Yeah, i'd say I'm always lost deep in thought. Never said I liked it though. Especially not now.
if I don't do it my mommy takes my phone )):
JUST SENT THE PICTURE I PLAN ON PAINTING ON THE WALL OF HER NEW HIIZITY HIZ HOUSE
Yep, & sometimes :p
do a dare.
Good Morning! Let people know you care.
Go Pack keep fighting the big fight Packers are still champions in the hearts and minds of fans! God bless!
im an Aquarius
thanks man but I have a lot of work to do
lol, your calorie count is now at 700% of your weekly allotment - rice & water for next 2 weeks ;-)
catch it in your mouth like your last name moss
A1) Our first step to re energizing our dreams as to embrace where we are and start from there.
Happy Record Store Day! Don't forget to go out and support your local, independently owned record stores!
krave is good...
Don't listen to niggas and the bullshit they feed you.
Oops, didn't mean to do that.
DRUMMERS DRUMMERS DRUMMERS!!! FORGETTING LYDIA NEEDS A NEW DRUMMER READY TO WRITE AND PLAY SHOWS. IF INTERESTED LET US KNOW, AND IF YOU...
Omgsh if I wanted it, I would of taken it already. And stop being a bitch, no one likes a mean person.
Hi ! Just submitted email through your website. Hope we can connect! Think there are some great ways to collab
man, lamest fool ever, right with to the legends captain
Already done today: bank, haircut, Trader Joe's, lunch at California Pizza Kitchen. A very productive morning!
I have some funny looking people where I stay
is the best! Always there to check in :) #goodfriend thanks for everything!
Grand Jury indictes Henry Hickman who set fire to his home with x-wife and children inside-County Attorney seeking life sentence.
Welcome to all my new followers. I will follow you back this week as soon as I get some free time...promise! I look forward to your tweets.
Bad News: Ebuxing.com lauch is delayed. Good News: Even more profit making opportunity 4 U are being added that caused the delay.
Unanimous vote in support of all five nominees to the Board of Social Work.
arigt guys im off to school follow me i follow back
I think we should start scouting for DS soon. Internet and day walks.
Look for more in the future, though...I am going to be doing more history stuff to slowly build some twitter friends
Thanks big homie.
¤ Every creator painfully experiences the chasm between his inner vision and its ultimate expression. Isaac Bashevis Singer
Damn you do it to me<3
RT : On OVERWHELM "Eggs cannot be unscrambled." ~American Proverb
Junior is #^#%*^#! Loose. He's having a hard time "driving this mother*^#+*%!
miss mimi pink is ready to get this party started!
When you have to wear a hazmat outfit to clean your house, think you have a problem.
just had a dream I was on a plane going kansas
Family from mexico today <U+2764>
Woke up to the sounds of espn
i want to upload a picture of my sisters christmas gift but i dont want #oomf to tell her what it is :)
The digital installation Westward Bound begins today at the African Burial Ground
thank you! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I'm lookin for a Cutey wit a BIG ole' ghetto booty
No, but we have increased your monthly data transfer to 3000GB/mo from 2000GB/mo.
Gettin' to be just about that time for 10 (#IB10). Yours truly will be manning the Twitters for the event. Say hello!
Hold my hand
not this time ace
Y que un chichote, ah?
I'ma tell you one time and one time only. It's KiD KA$H, not Young Kev.
you look your so gorgeous because you wear short shorts and push your boobs into your face. Way to go bitch.
browse with what? Don't believe there is a safari app! Plenty of other browser app the best is opera!
Thanks for the follow and for your very interesting tweets,
#schoolmemories when they played WMYB on the intercom and I had a total freak out It was sad/funny and I realized 1D has taken over my life.
2nd time you have lost my payment. If I have to keep track of 1 more 18 digit case # I am going 2 drop U faster than U drop my calls.
Finally got my Mickey D's I'm good to go :)
“: ay man good jammin with you..let's collab soon” mosdef son! That was dope. Will do
140 characters! We can't fit all the epithets in.
Thanks for the RT
Thanks for the links, it was a great and overwhelmingly positive brainstorm! Cheers!
Brook is shopping for a prom dress today.
Wish I could be at #BSECS -- would be more fun I think than #MLA12. Will look forward to tweets.
Folks with obvious, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter time period than folks without them may ever visualize.
haha okay, and I swear I was following u but it said I wasn't so I am now hahah this happened before to me too with other people
Did you see the upcoming NJEA tech conferences BTW? You were disappointed about not hearing of them last year.
The pacifier in 4th hour
Stop actin so damn tuff & jus tell me you love me like you did 2 days ago_
Not feelin the blue hair but #KatiePerry is sexy!!!
So ready for this week to be over!!
nice review! I still have visions of sweet potato tots dancing in my head :)
Sent you a note about Dallas neighbors using Nextdoor to sell Girls Scout cookies. Thought it could be great for Dallas Moms.
its ok
Just woke up #ThankGod1st about to go put in work at 24
": RT if you want to #BringSoftballBlack #standtogether #SoftballFamily" bring back olympic softball!!!
You can't get high on life you spiritual asshole.
Great video Andy!
I'm lol'n so much its ridiculous. I can't stop.
Where are you interviewing?
Lehhhhhgooooooo LAL Win or go back to DEN Thursday Faq!!
EXTRAS NEEDED! Anyone interested in standing-in as extras for a funeral scene @ Griffith Park early April? Contact:
I saw you came late. I had to leave. The workers finished at the condo and I needed to inspect. It looks so awesome.
didn't Liverpool players respect him?
African jungle degree of illness quarantines me this Friday night, like Michael Crichton meets Sweet Valley High
Ugh I wanna go see the hunger games!!!
"When everything's made to be broken, I just want you to know who I am."
RT : Yo! went live today. Friends are doing gnarly things. Check it out and signup!
to the den?
to me work is a holiday from boredom
4 p.m. and our patio is open and waiting! Glass of rose, white wine, Lakefront beers, happy hour specials, whatever you want. We've got it.
Did you see our Ad. in the #WSJ yesterday (p. B-5)? I'd love to hear feedback!
uh oh im taller than ari and im only 13 5'3
MY LAST TWEET DOES THAT MATCH.?
So funny you mention it, that word took me years and years to get right. I had to stop earlier to verify.
i dont think theyll call him up for a while but when he does get called up he'll be an all star
It's clearly a bildungsroman wherein the metanarrative dramatizes the mouse/bunny's grapplings with The Mirror Stage. [-]
What topics do you want to see at this years Beer-Con?
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well.
Game 7 snitches! Let's go
thanks for the follow ! Kudos to your professional staff in Santa Clara.
Let the Laker hate begin...
What's up dude! I'm just getting into tweeting
Xavier: "compact, compact, fat ass lol."
This year is goin to be my year
haha no way man!! Don't tell me he doesn't :P
no :( insensible.
#hashtagfail ;) #shehechat but i agree! RT : I agree, nothing inspires confidence like knowing your topic
#FF some of our latest tweeters
Superhero ice cream with the gumballs in it , memories .
You know there is.
I am impressed :) RT : Just successfully rebooted the coffee machine and now I have Hot Chocolate - result :-)
Couldn't be much prouder of my daddy & that bob cats!! #statebound <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+26BE><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
The ever-popular iPhoneSlutz is next up at 10AM Pacific - www.iphoneslutz.com - #app reviews, #iphone news, and .... sleaze
No one at Indigo Tree Publishing has anything to do with Justin Bieber in any form or fashion whatsoever, which makes us non-mainstream.
Had a good time at the San Genero thing today :) gotta tiger.
Guess its less then wat I thought it was. Haha played again owell ha
Is #12Large trending yet? Love and miss you, Alex. <3
You oughta be the presenter for that one. RT : first topic of social media forum....cats.
Now Playing <U+266A> Revenge by Ray McVay Sound
I wish I was in Hawaii right now.
Please tell me your joking... I'd puke.
Nowling said vote on grade centers first, then opt- in/out
If God is for us who is against us? He who did not withhold his own Son but gave him up for us, will he not also give us everything else?
They let him get away with it all the time, but no one else can.
University of Massachusetts Medical School quietly grows into major research presence
you inspire me to follow my dreams! I love you so much, Liam!<U+2665>
Watching Joe Dirt with Rob. Relaxing all day. Rangers game later tonight.
Yeah! The Balloon Museum was just voted by readers of ABQ the Mag as Best storytime venue for "Stories in the Sky"! Thanks!
pants suck.
Hungry what should I eat??
You are not a beautiful or unique snowflake
that's great!
“: NASCAR & Fox putting on clinic on how to use Twitter to enhance a broadcast and build brands." no doubt!
her version of "all i want for christmas is you" -- is my absolute favorite!
Lol Girl Boo It Was A Hug Nd A Hand Hold. Are You Goin To His Party.?
Love that Sea-Tac is waking me up with a dose of local music.
life and times last night was awesome! tonight will likely include appleseed cast, fun, casket lottery, and fucked up. you?
“ Rayna don't need no more suzie”whhhaattt?! i do need her
thunder is by far one of my favorite sounds!!
loloololOMG I'm so freakin Weak
RT : Latest update from the crews. Full restoration could take until 6 p.m., esp for about 400 customers w/out power in...
please tell me I'm not the only one who thinks Ovi is just throwing a big hissy fit about his suspension by not competing in the ASG
Those bitching about how p2p killed the music industry are either too old to understand the new system, or not willing to accept change
LEADING STRONG INTO ANOTHER WEEK OF CONSISTENT MARKETING. Discipline up, message continuous n' upbeat - anyone for a Mocha? I'm buying!
nice one. Should mention Sleepytime Gorilla Museum too
US declares "Swine Flu" a public health emergency.
Annihilating all that's made to a green thought in a green shade. -Marvell
Wajcman's data on cell use seems very family-oriented. What about those in alt forms of community? What about singles? Queers?
Sora's off Sunday :) sorry I didn't text yesterday my phone died at noon
Shop is busy today. Not a good time to get in. Tomorrow will be better.
never met anyone who could make me smile quite like you .
“: as they should! :) U and the wife should come hear me sing one weekend !!” you there tom?
Cross country skiing; what is more boring than that? Also,
Hats off to #Fiji & #Samoa for giving the fans at Sam Boyd such a great match! Samoa takes the win, but just barely, 14-12
Thanks! Love working here.
I think I WILL like it, I hope so anyway, but there is no "obamacare" yet, at least not for me.
sure ! ^-^ immature have to do it tmrw morning ! ^-^ anything for my #unicornswagg buddie <3
Why didn't you tell me before I left ASU to start a PhD at USC in Los Angeles? Seriously though, will video of talk be posted online?
So good! Love rancid love DMS bands, cypress hill, cant beat it RT : gangsters & thugs!
Awake very early in the morning. Have some rent to pay.
Support #SFGiants push to the Playoffs! Free shipping on shirts until end of homestand against Dodgers. WeBeGreater.com Duck the Fodgers!
“ some ppl be lookin any kinda way in public..tragic” Hell Yeah... Smh
hahaha thanks! :-) pink makes me happy
not home for Passover??
have fun!!
yeah it really will
Thank you for the follow!!
RT : Q: "I am doing a research paper, on the different ways of researching papers, and am trying to find different methods of...
Farewell . I'm moving back to Texas just to piss off all the guys who have been waiting to get with me for months .
um yeah, that looks pretty broke. I'm glad you didn't make the news. Seriously, we just about choked when we heard! Great job!
NP! I'm good, let's grab coffee or cocktails and catch up soon! xoxo
I just made 114 dollars at applebees for my first night alone...and this was a Sunday!
I am ecstatic about all of my classes this semester, especially music technology and professional report writing! It's gonna be great!
It was Ginger that we couldn't remember.
“If there ever comes a day when we can't be together, keep me in your heart. I'll stay there forever." --- Winnie the Pooh.
Using hate as a general emotion for now on Baby I hate you. Him O_o why? You waste a lot of my time and energy.
Watching the pre-season game... Why isn't Casey Matthews in a Packer jersey!?! That would have been UNREAL!
All I want in life right now is Panda Express or Chipotle.
HOPEFULLY SHE GETS THE POINT NOW
And one more thing "traditionalists", Romney is MORMON. But everyone's fired up over gays marrying one other person..
I will follow anybody and everybody that fOllows go follow her now.! <U+E056>
New Exclusive Instrumental Starting At $110. There Are 3 Original To Choose from, Send Your Music To
": This one thing I KNOW GOD is for me! Nothing else needs to be said !"
Cinco de Mayo celebration - $1 off tequila shots, $4 Margaritas & Tequila Sunrises, & a yummy fiesta menu!
You've always prided yourself on being able to "talk the talk" and "walk the walk," but a stroke will soon leave you unable to do either.
Thank you!
Drugs have taught an entire generation of American kids the metric system. -P.J. O'Rourke
I am going to walk The Line today starting in Chelsea.
today marks a sad day because it is the Final episode of Season 4. After today, I can't wait for season 5!!
I'm in charge of tomorrow's Program Team meeting. Anyone have a bell & mallet I can borrow?
I want to focus on Networking, Etiquette, Info Management, Privacy...? What am I missing?
I still wanna be her friend but I can't love her anymore. It will be very hard to forget about her cause she is amazing in every way
In a league of my own.
congrats! proud of yu son..
I second that--thx for recommending us! RT : Minneapolis's Galactic Pizza is great! Thanks for the recommendation,
Thanks for the RT. How about them #sixers?
u hav a memory gap ?!
Past 72 hours: 3 ex's apologizing 2 me What gives? Just because u went 2 church Sun. Doesn't mean I want 2 hear about your sins against me.
Are you doing the bronze, silver, or gold tour?
Fox says Orton is starting QB for now
At #ala11? Stop by and see us at booth 2239 and win a USB drive. First 3 people to show us this tweet win!
damn. Just read that and watched the videos. Guess I'm buying that!!
Vote the idiots out!
Dave turns 20 today! Be sure to wish him a happy birthday!!!
What's the most important thing you want to see come of this walk? Reclaiming the word slut? Knowledge about sexual assault? Share with us!
Strategy-the art of making use of time & space. Space we can recover, lost time never. -Napoleon ...Happy Monday <3 Work your day~
The best way to have a billionaire's mindset is to eliminate all fears towards the attainment of your financial goals in life.
Why does my widescreen tv still have a letter box when I watch a movie? Doesn't the widescreen solve that problem?
You have to decide to change your life. You are worth it! You'll like yourself so much better!
RT : walmart? I'm concerned
Oh, stories from Mistress Flegenheimer will be the first of many losses :(
do u know if the road is still closed in mossy grove in morgan county??
RT AP Source: LeBron James to be named NBA MVP on Saturday.
hope you have a rockin awesome day! :D
Have students read the whole text in print, then hyperlink only an extract - that way, more likely they'll read both.
kinda true.
Gonna take a nap :)
YOU SUCK.
Q2. Benefits/drawbacks of working in #travel?
SIGN THE PETITION FOLKS! GET ON TWITTER AND SHARE IT WITH YOUR FRIENDS! RIP TRAYVON!
Suddenly he was shocked backto himself
#desperatemove RT : PRINCE OF MOTOWN: Prince Fielder reportedly agrees to 9-year, $214 million contract with
Get ready for fall with a new look. AMAZING Headshots starting at $60! Be authentic. Be you. STAND / OUT!
I'll be home in 10 minutes. You know what that means? Naptime nigga.
what if you're busy?
lol. Ok, you are both off the hook til Wed. Have a good evening
do you know cz at all?
I drove westbound on W. Wash this pm! Construction's almost over
Here we go 3 states 7 venues in til Sunday come and find us!!!
Lebron is a stat sheet stuffer supreme
Solid pick Packers. Filling the need
Just went through the drive-thru at Taco Bell without shoes and I still got service.
You never really can fix a heart!
tell your mom Wonderbread approves! That'd be so amazing.
Canappi is really geared towards building mobile solutions, so the UI model is trying to be ASimpleAP
I'm amazing! When are you guys coming to KY?
Acting like I can't hear you because of my headphones. #Seattle #Metro Life.
They DO hear what I'm thinking. It's in the book. :) So far, I'm out of the mental hospital. So far.
"Last night I had sex with a girl with a mohawk. I beat the pussy up. She was Rodney King, I was 4 cops."
#Nuts: #Pistachio is an old friend. It is rich in #protein, #Omega-3 and 6. Helps improve good
When everybody wants see you fail and you prove them all wrong that #GivesYouWings !
Good morning Denny, hang in there
Got Chili's for dinner tonight :)
the website says not until the last day of school, but idk...
Day 3 of "30 Math Mentor Texts in 30 Days!" :)Today's pick is for HS. The Manga Guide to Calculus by Hiroyuki Kojima, Illus. by Shin Togami
If the deadegsist in the past than I must atend to the futer
RT : Ahem. Paul Ryan voted against Simpson-Bowles
I checked. Already done :-)
12 hours till class. Ugh.
:) Thanks for asking, we are learning every day how to make things easier/better thanks to folks like you!
Calvin Harris tonight! You do not want to miss tonights rager!!
Just received a credit card statement on which I owe $1.55. I think I'm just going to make the minimum payment this month.
In talk by Dr. Knight, CEO of Scott & White: "radical changes will be needed for health care reform to succeed & they will anger everyone."
Thank you to all the soldiers who served or died to give us the rights we have today. We love and appreciate it :)
HA! I knew it! You really are sisters! =D I'm game - can't dance but will make a fool of myself anyway! =D
#FollowFriday One of my fav days! :-) Follow and RT
#HappyBirthdayTMoney LOVE YOU !!!!! <U+E418><U+E056><U+E329>
Shoutout to Face up in the D <<< FOLLOW!!
Coffee is a cure-all for everything ;)
thank you! We are excited to tweet with you!
sure hope to see you in that Blue and White uniform with Kentucky across the front. Go Cats!!
thank you!
I understand, but the paper didn't make the employees the subject, the attackers did, but I see what you mean
Something I have learned as an adult is everyone can, and will, prove to you their true character. Very disappointing...very disappointing.
Make it something healthy and let us know what you picked! :)
Already failed this test and I havent even turned it in...
"I never hurt anybody a lot of guys go out to hurt people. I'm not interested in tht." Curtis said. By Bill Bighaus The Gazette Staff 2005
I love #Seattle. I can sit next to a man or a woman on the bus and still get hit on. Great for the self-esteem.
cute! Bribery. Gets things done! She'll love it!
Has anyone ever had their house broken into? Have you gone through the trouble of dealing with the insurance agencies? Tell us your story!
it feels so weird/ guilty when i'm not sitting at a public services desk...
Come visit Pandawinks Diaper Cakery at the Peanut Festival in Jay, FL1
7 weeks to train for the Marine Corps Marathon, wonder if that's enough time...
Thanks for the RT!!
If you want to run, run a mile. If you want to experience a different life, run a marathon. Emil Zatopek
where did you find your knive?
ask away!
Congrats in Richmond, VA: 2 interactive touchscreen systems up, providing prospects with leasing & living in the area info!
Now the "Downton Abbey" withdrawal symptoms begin.
These bitches singing <<<>
That Grantland article on Cal reveals one thing: He's more powerful than tv contracts.
I told u I was going to leave
I agree with call a timeout and get Berggren in the game. I want to go down with my best shooters on the court.
Valentine's Day - its just around the cornert - you better not disappoint anyone - we still have spaces at The Clifton Inn
I'm sure I'll see you in person but if not, here is a virtual Hola!!!
Classes start soon! June 26th for Aesthetics & May 15th for Cosmetology. Call 773-635-1000, option 1 today!
You fine folk going to do PAX East this yet? ^_^
Last month our users crawled over 551 MILLION web pages
Tonight was definitely a yolo night.
I sent you an e-mail about my capstone! :)
fuck yea a new episode of Big Bang today =] gonna be a good night
I believe it! keeps it entertaining :)
Born and bred in Brooklyn, the USA They call me Adam Yauch, but I'm MCA
I love you too ;)
I second that!! RT For sure next week!
Pulled myself together and made it in to work this morning even though I really don't want to be here. Can it be January 2013 already?
Hoping everyone is having an awesome day today. Awesome days start with an awesome out look for the day ahead.
Lmao my ass of mise well...i think im getting them tomorrow tho lol 300th time a charm
watching #storagewars on &e love Jared..so hot..
why do people say one thing but do anther?when people say that can fly but they can't.do you think that is a lie?
correction ... PACOS will be open on CINCO DE MAYO from 2:00 - 10:00pm.. come on in and start your celebration with us.
think I was right behind you a few rows...or on the opposite end
Really, really missed you at LCC this year!! x
the ending just has a "been there, seen it" kinda quality and I dont want that.
Merry Christmas everyone!
wht r u a guy or girl cuz im a girl
Thanks Devon.... maybe in future we work on another story at the Arc.
cheers! Where's your glass?
Anyone in Indy traveling to FW on Sunday for Pageant Bootcamp?
meeting, let March madness begin!
Thank you!! Glad you enjoy our music. Happy New Years! RT : Brian Blade & The Fellowship Band. Best thing ever.
Ew and all that is Erica Wedge #yesIknowispelleditwithanA. Hated him with the #Indians still hate his sorry a$$
Getting ready to go see tonight at with Meeeeeeezyyyyyyy!!!
RT : Performing w/ on the on ! Tune in at 9:50 am est/pst!!
Wow!! Basketball is a game of runs! 28-3 run by the Clippers to finish the game. Game ball to Reggie Evans!
I hate going on facebook or twitter or something and seeing girls post pics of themselves asking if they are pretty. Like please shutup.
Very interesting article! Thank you for sharing!
DG is TTUs college of mass comms very own!
#AGirlDeserves to be treated with respect and to be loved, but in return she must treat the guy the same way.
baking cakes xx
day two of cleanse feels more like day two of a hunger strike
body sore af`
You told me yesterday and asked me to go remember? Lol
Thanks for following!!! Happy NYE
get into the Halloween spirit, reserve ur tkts today by calling 3102818337! Dress Goth or in your Scary costume on Thurs & get in for $15!
I couldn't afor to catch it
I have officially accepted an offer of a full time position with Nordstrom UTC. But, today I'm still Kanga and catering a small brunch :-)
Molly and Ellie: 'mom your sunglasses look cool on you.' Ellie, following up: 'Your headband doesn't look cool.'
KC people -- where are you watching basketball this afternoon?
: Can you get any more annoying!?
I have a confession to make. My real name is Kaydee and I'm dating Justin. Get back in line ladies cos he's mine ;)
I woke the cat up laughing at that one :-)
#YouGettinPunchedIf you steal 's jacket at a bar
well, it looks like my account is reactivated
brands I am currently fond of: and - keep up the great work.
I don't know what I'm talking about either darling...
I forgot how much I love Bio Dome (1996). Pauly Shore, Stephen Baldwin and Kylie, 90s party, weed and tilapia fish...genius!
There is always a drought before the rain comes
I SNUCK into your moms room last night and it sure wasn't to TUCK her into bed. lol
is a jerk
Next stop...Miami...but just for a bit...I AM HAITI BOUND!
Just watched 2012 national dance team championships on espn. First Lady is totally corrupting me
Like many women my age, I am 28 years old. ~ Mary Schmich
for me it's all of them
Church in a few!
": test" working
no problem. Or you can do an ice bath. 10 mins in or your feet will fall off
(not talking till i get my voice :3)
Been so dry in Central Fl., loving this rain. And appreciate the sound of a little thunder : )
It took almost 20 minutes for me to realize that I'm sitting in the wrong session at this conference.
I'm liking it - but a mental shift to see it as a news flow ...
Due to a coal shortage, Santa will be giving all bad little boys and girls Nickelback CDs this Christmas.
This can't be how Mo's career ends.
thank you
It's a rainy evening. Try and stay dry out there!
I Love You!!!
HOW'S EVERYONE DOING?!
Im tired but i dont wanna go to sleep cause i just really dont
They're two of the strongest things in the world The things you do for a woman you wouldn't do for anything else
I do that in my product demos.. except it should not crash the system. Ugh.
git reset --hard
anyway twitter i shot the video to antisentimental today, came out lovely, nigga drippin swag juice on dat bitch yall gone love it
now you can be a skate rapper
Thanks for sharing Sandee. You are the reason the C-Suite needs women of color.
Chicago sold out!
Another excellent question. Also wonder whether family farms/agribusinesses differently affected. (Does US have family farms?)
Thanks! Will do!
How many drafts does it take to get to the center of a great screenplay? Let's ask Mr. Owl.
Cause when you broke.. you considered as a joke nigga!
our house flooded! It's a mess!
We decided to give the suspect an honorary BS for being so BA.
shut up!! Jk
haha I didnt like brave & the bold either I just dig spidey thet did alot right & using those less known char is smart
are well and busy, as usual...how is life treating you???
.'s tips to unlock the power of social data: 3. Integrate it across your business
I'm so glued to Needle in a Haystack by Ernesto Mallo (Bitter Lemon Press) missed Casey Anthony verdict. Book deal in the works no doubt.
Back on the Twitter Train toot toot! Miss you lovely lady!
i mean i was looking forward to prom but then i realized that the school isn't providing food or tables.. but
Hey commuters: why are you being all coy with your book covers? Esp. Middle Aged Man with Electric Guitar. I wanna know what he's reading.
Woke up to a phone call for a call back today. Starting off on the right foot!
I would meet another Russian in Daytona! :O hahaha
finally broke down and got NYT digital subscription (on special). Ah. thirst quenching content!
First free night and I'm doing laundry and cleaning. ugh.
sure bby. c: i like your icon btw.
I mean yall drink it alot l:)
Official time in badge pickup line: 2hrs16min
Well today a lowlife junkie stole $15 from my nephew I just hope she catches aids from using a dirty needle cuz she's nothing but a junkie
X or die
dang it Jabril! You know I'm old. Not up on your youngin' lingo! Lol
As Republicans turn their back on the Enlightenment GOP is turning into the party of the uneducated: dlvr.it/14RhVL
CD Release show at Rams Head this month! Make sure to message us if your interested in tickets!
He's beautiful I love the mixture of browns!
#CocktailsAndConversation hosted by at Hambonz in Donaldsonville 9pm! Bring your business cards&make yourself seen in the industry!
I had a Min story in mind but I don't feel it anymore :/
No CF option, that was just a rumor on REDUSER#
I challenged myself to buy 4 great bottles less than $50 per and GKSAB was first on the list.
I'm back on the line.
I'm off to bed maybe it's me or something good night:(
Dammit! I think something just bit me!!
Dolly Parton wrote the song in 1973
#ReconciliationLaw - Client has time to decide if issues are being resolved or if another course of action is required.
Today was actually a really good day. <3
Shower Time !
Hope you're feeling better Blaire! Love you!!
ok, now what
“: Youree Gorgeous Too !”Why Thank You!
They're the same team whether they win the div or finish 1 point behind in 7th so their chances don't change based on 1 or 2 pts.
The Jewish New Year of the Trees is used to count the tithes of the crops given to the Cohen - priest -, Levi and the poor.
Yum! Such a fun time RT : Cooking class at Great News for w/ Making choco puddin' w/ peanut brittle!
School until 11 then getting mah makeup and hair done later for prom <3
Do you love who you are? I love who you are!
only like 8-11 pairs in the US (i have one) and 100 worldwide.. ;)
are you watching hgtv? This couple is annoying!! Ah pick house 3!
wow, that quote is going to stick with me
Great American Shoot Out this weekend ...
Tell us one of your Holiday guilty pleasures! Are you driving around listening to the old n'sync christmas album?
oh yes, the governor of Wisconsin, no relation to the Walker Brothers. Re Beckham - hey, just quoting POTUS...
This [is] a great City, unique in its kind ... [with] spaces that are too small [and] millions of little people who are really big. [1945]
New Jams!!!
i know what you mean
awww yahhh boi this will be p e r f e c t
haha oh. I see
Haha. No pressure, no diamonds! Next season's kickoff will be awesome as well, let's start there :)
He better not have ate any butterflies.
I still have that old shirt. I wore it to matt perlot's party last week.
too late. I am already dead.
I hate mother's day because it only reminds me of how many years it's been since I've seen my actual mother.
Come on CATS, let's do this!
Paying $60 for a new game, then patching the price to $120 with DLC sounds much more tempting.
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them more.
Ok, now I feel really bad that I hated his paintings.
Omg i seriously have an anti-jokes issue. Why.
Thanks for the RT, Mickey.
Good morning sweetie
we own the board... Money
his rhymes r sick...
TRAFFIC ALERT: I-90 EB - RIGHT LANE WILL BE CLOSED NEAR MM 163 (EDGERTON) DUE TO A VEHICLE FIRE. USE CAUTION.
Hey, Johnny Park!
Cool. Thanks, will check it out!
This sting from this was like a thousand angry hornets...
One hour left
if the #LSU defense can shut down Richardson - which I think they can - the Tigers should win. Have fun at the game!
I spend an inordinate amount of nervous energy wondering how many retweets is too many. #hilarious, just follow him.
Ehh not really. Lol I mean it's cool but not as good as it was hyped to be. People have been mostly disappointed with it
Good morning and happy #Fridaythe13th!
Honestly, it's a mixed bag, but there's some stuff in there I can appreciate.
I be that pretty muthafuckaa
Handshake drugs
Commissioner Rudd talks about how Local Energy Assurance Plan (LEAP) aims 2 ensure PDXers can survive The Big 1.
uh-uh...I love YOU more!!! LOL
Beausoleil's in the house. come eat em, and drink some riesling too.
desperately waiting for a cab during #sxsw in austin , texas
I've set my lasers from stun to kill.
Immediate Update: Do not go to Mustang Alleys on Thursday this week for Salsa. It's on hold.
"please don't be in love with someone else. please don't have somebody waiting on you." -Enchanted by Taylor Swift. #HeNeedsToLeaveMyMind /:
Solberg quickest in SS1 in Argentina
Rocking my baby to sleep nothing like it.
Working on Seal Swim School new website.
Andy Saperstein said it best last night... "everybody needs a little #INSPIRATION."
nothing is worse than watching the person you love not love you back... ='(
"NBC will not be able predict the winner at 8:32 or report from 29 districts. The revolution will not be televised."
The adoption of social media is similar to that of the internet - unknown and misunderstood revolution - can you afford not to play?
Happy Friday! Our showroom is open until 5pm. Don't break your back at the home improvement stores. Let us show how to get it done RIGHT!
Playing darts and eating sandwiches at Lynaghs Irish Pub in Lexington, KY. Good times!
“ Some relationships come when you don't need them, some relationships go when you realize you need them <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>”
You're right, I have total hat envy. We're open Monday am until 9, but not Monday pm. We're open again Tues 6pm.
#Annie what do you think of Melissa?
is looking to be challenged!
im in already lol
RT 45 days and no arrest in the Trayvon Martin case.
Thanks for the follow and the RT!
Awaiting on good and #inspiring #movies for 2011.
I absolutely love my job!!! I love the look on my client's faces when they have reached their goals!!!
Lake Dawson to follow? Just curious... Went to high school with him.
#Saysomethin best song ever!
My fortune cookie reads "Vacation can wait. Stick to the project till the end". 11 more days :)
- We will announce that if/when the Gray accepts..
Reading my #midwestliving magazine always makes me want to paint a room.
Great job keeping things open! Issa Releases Trans Pacific Partnership Intellectual Property Rights Chapter...
Hangin out with my daughter today....
Who's a Spartacus fan? I AM. <3
MOL! I can't go off the leash. I will run away. Been trying 2 run away for 13 years. Guess I was just born to be free? Not sure.
I've got my pride so hear me sing I'll never let u tell my coffin
A Special Mother Day Prayer goes out to our FIRST LADY and to the VICE PRESIDENT WIFE, JILL BIDEN. My granddaughter reminded me today.
You killed what was left of the good in me
I haven't seen hunger games yet
I want some more eggs
we know your home skips, pick up the phone skips
thanks for the rt. How are you doing?
oh 20-30 pages, you seem so far away when I'm only on page 16.
Once the second email showed they meant it, I sent a check for eleventy gajillion dollars.
Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know
Smoking in a Portland bar
I love when my Bestfriend texts me something hilarious!
who in the hell left the gate open! Lol
.: s. korea's dibrary is a model for bridging a usable physical space to digital resources
SWEET. IPA available now in #NYC. Finally.
coming from the dude who is golfing in a Hawaiian shirt...
Dude, don't look a gift-whore in the mouth, is what I always say
Basketball in loafers at work today. Good idea at the time, BAD IDEA now.
Gus Johnson is terrible...I may have to watch this game on mute.
Because you got kicked out every day
HAHA YES. Those freaking HighLighters. And the Head tilt. And the Hummus.
Hello....Anybody out there?!?
Seems MCA gets to invite whomever he wants to the dance party in the sky. But for the luv of all things Holy, pls dont take our
Another rain-filled and humid day in DC. We need the rain for the deficit- and after today it's over for a while.
we're pumped to see it perform.
Nice. Enjoy your trip!
wrong sign
Jack in cupboard, steak for dinner AND football? Do you want to adopt me?
lets see luch in a fight tonight! #Bruins vs.
exhausted after my first full day at #sxswi. i'm happy to report that flash is not dead and so many people taking wall space with laptops
What would you say to someone if you knew it was the last time you would ever see them?
says "Gas. The least pleasant thing to spend your money on."
Learning how to podcast & create 'ambient awareness'
Glad #Fringe gets to finish out its storyline. Stories need an ending, otherwise they just get turgid and dull.
Huh I swear I'm Fina snap at cousins sub n dey fuckn Mic dnt wrk
FIND THE OTHERS #DMT #Mckenna #truth #reality holographic universe #2012 consciousness WAKE the F UP!
lmaoo ya cheeky as! Got lacey and she's poorly so have to do it another time my friend :)
Yeah...electronic or talking, which is mainly what we do. :)
At least Becky's room is super cool....
Get some sleep! You can always read after sleeping for a few hours!
i miss the sound of your voice calling to me on the phone
Yes #Uganda is the Pearl of Africa and a freat place to be! But how do we get the rest of the world to know? :)
Just went through the 1968 show at the history center and I just want to buy everything for our house
Tonight! and wil be performing at iOWest based off of your date story! Come on out! We have comps! !!!!!!!!!
Holly Cow!...Top Natural Breast Agmentation Review? Photoshop CS6
Chris what book are you reading right now?
He called me earlier & was like "Hey, beautiful." >>>
live for the moment
you should have taken it! Haha
I saw that Navy SEALs 1 Osama 0 bumper sticker. I'm no Osama fan but I think he deserves at least a 1 just to be fair
#itsTimeForYouToRealize that you need to add some Chicken into your life!
It's always traffic in Nashville
i have glitter in my eye.
I'm slowly learning the chords to my guitar...hopefully I'll be able to play glad you came by TW or more than this by 1D!
when is this "mashable"show happening/airing w/ ? He's fucking #Hilarious!
if all my favorite celebrities lived all around me, I would be out selling cookies.
New topic - E-M5 auto focus with older 4/3 lenses?
aw I missed all of the Shake Shack fun. :( how was it? I could totes go for one right now
No worries. It'll all be over in 36 days (not that I'm counting).
RT : Ray Decker, #OPM: Hiring goals across govt of #Veterans; FY 11 results 28% of all new hiring in govt were vets/disabled vets.
where u going again?
In preparation for our launch, are there any local MKE businesses interested in a free website re-design?
True true. I was referring to specific case, but then again we'll see where that leads.
already in love with pinterest and i just started!
hey were any of the super bowl commercials this year yours?
i hate when i feel/look really ugly
RT Steroids are illegal for athletes, shouldn’t photoshop be illegal models
wow im so sick right now, this sucks!!
I'm putting my hair down tomorrow ironed!! do you think it would be pretty if i put it down tomorrow?!
yes we have a table. It pays to have a vixen who works here
hey girl hey...how was your day?
#DescribeYourVaginaWithAMovie I Am Legend
The Westword DISH tonight!! Love big events!
is it weird to make my profule pic me when it was winter coat time now that its summer
Holy fuck. Just got out of the Rammstein show. HANDS DOWN THEE BEST FUCKING LIVE BAND ON EARTH. BEST FUCKING DAY OF MY LIFE. HOLY FUCK
sounds good...lol well thanks for following me now. Ttys
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> what day EXACTLY will you be in MIA?
I'd vote for you! I'm just sayin' :)
That's awful. I am so lucky that I live in a place where it's not cold in the winter.
He has a half gallon of rock gut in his hand. Please don't drink that,
woo ... amazing, you sing very well thanks C:
Loiter squad is so funny, Lolololol.
Having fun outlining my persuasive speech.
Here we are ready to offer you the perfect vehicle for the best deal and price. So join us for #Portland best weekend sales
Just found that my girlfriend is a Victoria secret model. Time to break up.
Tell the truth: u want to be a ballet dancer, don't u?
: with me in it?
I think if there was a Bajan we would have. Black students were from Trinidad, Haiti and JA. Two Americans one from Trinidad.
who is ur favorite singer?
Feeling guilty at having uttered the former a lot lately.
My Facebook and Twitter are now linked.
WOW!!! So exciting for you love... go for it!!been here 4 weeks loving Vegas, settled comfy happy, meeting the coolest ppl! xx
cool interview!
YES, I couldn't agree more. Harper has proven nothing, zero, zilch.
tryna get that laptop
It's a Saturday night and here I am punching keys trying to write a somewhat decent business plan...
I would love to help you with your company's #causebranding. #SocialEntrepreneurship is not taught, you're born with it.
Torch lit...countdown to the Olympics is on
you guys bullshitting about what a boner Axl is?
you got it baby xoxoxo
lmfao !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>“: Hair aint grown since the 8th grade ass bitch”
Well, I hope he forgives me :)
RT : everyone talking bout this far, everyone played deserved to be on it. But i hope a few cats left off round 1
YOU'RE GONNA LOOK SO DIFFERENT OMG!!
Thanks! Stop by and see us in Vegas at #4041!
I love soccer players sexy :)
we should do a radio interview sometime!!
photography links, never a waste!
Window seat
official hashtag is
Thanks, I think I'm ok now, though.
#SomethingILearnedLongAgo how to add
Oh my gosh. I'm all over this idea!
I wish JJ would have hit Noah harder.
yes! Thanks, Matt
Get on your way to making someone else feel low
Cute and cuddly boys, cute and cuddly.
I only make it my mission to remember a gift
goodnight :) today was good to me!
After a great dinner lit up an Illusione Maduro cg4 by the fire. What a great cap to a nice evening
That feeling when you know that you have lost your best friend and you can't do anything about it.<<<<<<<<<<
62: 9. You're a cutie(:
Yea I Fucked Up But I Know It Won't Happen Again & I Can Promise You That!
Greetings #edchatsa! I'm not sure how much I can chat today, but nice to see all of you!
Incase you didn't know or you just been living under a rock for the past year, y'all need to follow
work done, so it rains all afternoon. That's not fair!
my favorite song! Not the remix.
This biscuit tasted like a block of bread with better in it
phones broken, not like anyone was planning on texting me
thanks - making a note for next year -
It's my last month of high school. Hallelujah!
Many submit to despair and fail without knowing that they already possess all the tools required to acquire great wealth.
I was the worst. I'm here to make y'all feel better. I also pierced my eyebrow.
I'll love you for a life time because you mean all the worlds put together and always will <333 ;****
I guess I was jamming a little too much today, my iPod died. <U+2639>
Thanks for the welcome...and the help! I have a Palm and will add the app asap. I could get used to this Twitter thing :)
Happy Thanksgiving everyone. I am #thankful for pretty much everything good in life.
Game 1 is just 3 hours away.
Re: resources from the "Teaching Africa" conference, try emailing
I'm so glad!
Had to come back to #RaymondLawrence to bring to see all the awesome goodies for sale!
Aye I keeps it 200 !! Lol
me & zay bout to have a long as talk. thats what happens when you don't talk to your bestfriend daily for awhile o;
There is a new voice on the phone at Anode and FireSign. Please join us in welcoming Shelley as our new Office Manager.
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
your the bomb
"we have uno" "fuck yeah i love uno. What should we play?"
#NowPlaying Mr. Little Jeans. The Suburbs.
Good Morning Everyone! It's Friday! Who's excited?
time for a question?
The Hunger Games was amazing!(:
I just want to stop passing out.
Sorry that was an apartment lead. I didn't mean to tweet thatv
Jules Doyle's Book is als available in Chicago
She's layin' down in bed with a broken heart...
you call running out of both life-changing n potentially catastrophic
Anyone know how to draft a pattern for a king sized bed skirt?
#MyFavoriteFoodIs ITALIAN!!!! YEAH BUDDY!!!
I will agree w/you on that front. But we need to learn from them. MT I've made no bones that I'm no fan of
Nothing can bring me down right now.
Scientists have discovered more than 800 separate aromatic compounds in coffee.
There are no recipes for your success, what works for one singer doesn't work for another, create your unique path.
Got to see this!
Hell yeah! TD baby
Haha sweet. Maybe I'll pass you at PDX.
I <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> this so much. All of this.
8:30 AM flight back to Houston delayed...and now cancelled. Wonderful
I'd go for the drinks with coaches.
Finding nemo might be the best movie ever
Summer of Keith? Stained clothes, homeless stubble...I assume there is a block of cheese just off camera?
Why, what's going on in the Chicago music scene today? Rep a band and need to be in "the know."
lishy p! so im following u now :) btw ur pic is like super kinky hahahaha
Come by San Jose State University!
Justin Bieber is gay as fuck son.
Absolutely same here. Grrr is right.
There will be a livestream via Twitter, with pics, vids, & quotes. We'll also be taking questions 4 our panelists from Twitter!
awesome is an understatement! My favorite staches are the cop ones!
Tebow? really? Patriots?suck much? #giantsbaby:)
Keep a resistance band, ankle weights and dumbbells in your drawer at work. You can do quick upper body exercises while you're on the phone.
Great music on your website. Thanks, Robert
2012 Porsche Boxster S video review: We take the latest Porsche Boxster for a drive
no matter what part of Richmond you're in, you're in a "bad part" of Richmond
canadians >>>>>> YOUR FACE.
thanks! Your amazing!
How lame that they cited u and then didn't even tell ppl what he said. #Goliberalbloggers!
weak and wrong. What happened to the "Bring the troops home" chant you guys used to say?
Happy Easter good brother. Thanks! All is well on this blessed day. 06!
lol iv played chicken before by watching on the beach when its getting rly bad out..dont always make it beforw the rain lol
Is it really not even 8? I am so sleepy tonight....hoping Eli follows suit and goes to sleep quick!
obsessed with
very jealous of you. Boating is among my favorite things to do. What type do you have?
"It'd be great for me if all companies used " quips "It'd be great for my life too!" answers
you just left me there my mouth hanging open,tears down my cheeks. you didn't say a word,didn't apologize. just up and left,leaving me
Go Jessica...AI! love her!
Clearly they meant the original Father of the Bride, but I must have seen it 15 times,
Wow,I totally suck at zombies.
Political science class, one of my favorites. :)
You don't talk to me. You won't even look at me. But you're still inside my head.
When in doubt always bring your consciousness to your heart and breathe. Thoughts NOT from your ego mind will grow stronger.
Yes it was bomb! that ice cream was good.
Thank you so much for showing our windows!
i dpont know
We refuse to sit on shelves and wait for the world to give us permission to come out and play
Jon Bonjovi is prettier.
Happy December! There are just a few more classes for students at before final exams and Christmas break!
lol I just texted back ;p
I could've sworn I saw you in my 'hood tonight
The amount of coffee you drink makes me feel less bad about the amount of coffee I drink
awesome! I'll check 'em out!
I want to see you over the summer bud but it seems like that will be difficult! Whats your summer schedule?
happy birthday! Hope you guys are having fun.
Off to get my first haircut in Copenhagen.. wish me luck. It's not easy being this, ridiculously, good looking
Quit charging to do hooks n verses yall aint signed so work together n network together dnt charge if u local
social security has nothing to do with the debt ceiling
Health 2.0 companies want publicity, promotion, capital, and sales. Not surprising?
You're looking for answers everywhere except within. Learn to master self-realization
Ironically enough we understand is now at Roy's Hawaiian Fusion in San Diego. Chicken skin!
they got our chest bump. Now the world knows I got higher than you
ha! It's 10:46 here. Mountain time biznitch!
Looks like Von Kaiser is back up for more karaoke!
That's funny! Ha! I hope it's not a virus!
U will never find blum...U kinda asked 4 it?
"Utilize" is a useless way to try to sound smart. Use "use."
Lets Go #Knicks...??? You mean Lets go home...right??
thank you ! & thanks for following!
See! Good things happen when you let Tebow play!
Richmond is top Youth Soccer destination in the country.
can you please follow me? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
NOW WATCHING "LION KING 2" (EYES GLUED TO THE TV)
good bc were gonna need it
Also enjoying the art at irma freeman, & i colored a picture of a lion & a lamb @ garfied artworks.
Used American Muscle Cars - Classic Muscle Cars by Dave-d
Your intellect must cogitate, reflect over and over upon the knowledge acquired until you digest, absorb it. Make it your own.
All of our CATS merchandise is 30% today for the game!!!
I'll think about that one. Why are we having a conversation over twitter??
Success is not a finite thing, but something that can be shared in abundance without diminishing your part of it.
Just riding around scaring people with extremely loud music.
dude phone back tomorrow, yes?
from what??
Lol and Ron Artest just patted him on the head like "be cool" lmaooo the
Good evening Thanks for following us (and the RT) at Newark Twinning. More weather related facts tomorrow!
so happy about that 15 !!!
It's official: Oatmeal.
It is impossible to lick your elbow.
It's all or nothing.
"Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time." Gears are turning...Good Day! Voodoo
Michelle Branch songs always put me in a good mood. Have not heard these in a while
too cute!!
Loving the tribute on the Soul Train Awards right now! Thank you EWF! You have inspired me since the first time I heard you!!
Congrats on having Shea being picked by the Beloved #Bears!
I get tour autocorrected to your too.
B Team--Marianas Trench. "You played it well, I'll never tell how I fell for it. In the end I'm not your first choice..." :(
Two superb games tonight. Can't wait for the NBA playoffs.
#IfTheyShutDownTwitter I'd actually probably have a better chance of getting followed.
Getting psyched for the UC game tomorrow @ PBS!!! GO CATS!!!!!
I am thus far, yes!
"Any time you have six or seven robots doing the exact same thing, it looks really, really cool." at
Thank god I'm home<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
now that is how work gets done!
Never give up on the person you love, those feelings come for a reason
MT : Pres. Madison will be here tonight 4 a ball. If u have Qs 4 him, tweet me #AskPresMadison I will inquire for you.
Beak'em Hawks
Make it 6 craps today
Who's watching the Grammy's tonight?
oh lol no. But I wish. :/ have you?
...and I thought NVivo9 was fun - I'm blown away! QSR is not messing around.
Super nervous!
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to getting to know you better.
Touche. It's Monday. Hope all's been going well with you.
PERFECT weather for a run! I'm happy with that 2.5! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
it always boils down to good process and methodology
its funny how chooses to only follow 69 people ;)) lol i really hope you get it if u dont... ur just stupid jkjk :)
I have absolutely no drive/desire to study for history @
LoL agreed Popeye's is the shiznat. I like it Spicy!! :P
Yeah, then check out Gliffy. It's reasonably useful.
We are featuring Sports Attractions and CVB News in our March issue of The Group Travel Leader! Get info from Stacey or Kelly!
I found this sweater at forever21and this lady took me hostage and forced me to show her where I got it.
#TeamBaeza All thee waay<U+2665>You sinq really Good ilove your music your the best,<U+2665> Anyway ican download your music of a website?
Home opener tonight!! I can smell the ice already, let's go Hawks!!
Hey Chelsey, thanks for linking up!!!
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus
Bout to go over to m-town to get my love mariah with anna gonna be
If the Republicans do not have a strong turn out in November they will never win the elections
#nyy #yankees New meaning to "THE TUCK RULE"... Soriano,don't pull your shirt out of your pants until the last out is officially recorded.
im doin pretty good and stuff..just chillen..bored tho..
Happy Thanksgiving!
LOL! Memories! I'm fantastic- just launched a new blog last week so hustlin'! How bouts yourself? It's been ages!
Downtown Royal Oak #Michigan is coming around.
Thanks a lot for RT.
Thanks for the follow on Twitter
Happy cinco de mayo!
If u spend any of your child support money on your new nigga u r not allowed to celebrate mothers day
I thought the were your angry midgets.
Welcome to Boyle County !
to clarify the bet. I will write 2 pages of play for each game the O's are in front of the Sox at the ASB
Thanks for RT- what are you excited about this week?
message us your address and we would be happy to send one. Also what device would you like to review it on?
oh yeah, it looks super intense! Can't wait! And then in October, new season of American Horror Story!
Kevin Garnett called for an offensive foul. That cost them the game.
Bagpipes are playing Amazing Grace
Great talking with you at
Bieber or die , really?
Text me!:D
libraries are collaborative workspaces instead of book holding cells. U don't even have to keep quiet @ libraries anymore
Command in the home should someone alone
Congrats sarah and Martin Awesome wedding and what a great group of friends. Yes did it again.....We are truly the best.
need a pee but cba to move. too much exercise for these toes
I wasn't born to follow and I'm not sure if I was born to lead, but what I'm certain is that I was born to fight my way through life and win
By law all political analysts should not be allowed to use polling data to make a point. They're wrong, citing snap data doesnt help
All the beats go hard af
Think that more implied "seal a deal" than complete it. Right now, just interest, no formal deal in place.
You can probably just retweet this phrase at least four times tonight.
like a pound of bacon. Rollin in my 5.0
we are honored you are commemorating the #kodakmoment !! thank you!
RIP Dan Scott
WE ARE GOING TOO MAKE #CHILL A WORLDWIDE TREND CAUSE YOLO . (;
God Bless me with a job PLEASE!
Lmao well hey I'm just trying to make your mourning did it work :D
No, more
writing is so much easier than talking.
Welcome to twitter, !! <3 you, scream queen!
indigenous people of middle east
Need #work done? We can help. Want to make some extra #money? We can help also.
Oh No! The Mythbusters are starting the wave at the #rallyforsanity Is it still evil?
"And IF you see me FALL you will NEVER see me CRAWL back to you." - Sincerely yours, Ariah W. :)
Q: What is the dynamic range of a bass trombone? A: On or off. HA we are STILL laughing at these!
Packed house at Moe Bar for #SOTU! You're a truly beautiful group of people.
whats good u fuck wit that drink RHYTHM! Right ?.....I make the original song for that shit
no I used to and they make fun of me for it all the time
Hey. and trio setting up on stage They're good. Stop by.
My mom actually wants me to drive places #what?
Happy Birthday!
Anybody have an extra download code from 29th-31st? Picture me with my finger up, as if I were looking for a ticket. #Phish #yemsg Thank you
I'm not a player i just crush alot .
Never heard of either lol. But I deff wanna see Drake! We should get out tickets ASAP so we can save money & get up close :)
- eh...slow... In Jamaica I did nada! So now I'm back on de grind! LoL
its cheaper
you trying to win the Spear It run? Good luck!
that guy is gross
Wow. I should go on this account more......
I don't know? Do you have a cause or an idea? :)
jimmy johns for lunch ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
No matter how awesome, hilarious and popular you are on Twitter, you'll never have more followers than Justin Bieber.
talking property taxes tonight on WGN Radio @ 8pm! Tune in!
Wherever I'm going, I'm already home, I'm living in the moment
Do you cry at movies?
:-) MT : #Chemistry is so much fuuuunnnn. Thanks goodness for . Best thing #stumbleupon has ever taken me to!
Russ is on a mission
Sam M of market joining food pioneers in Oregon dreaming up the ideal food hub Portland
Finally they meet! RT : Devin (Pats) & Jason (Titans) will see their teams face off in Week 1
nice still trying to master manual in daylight over here
Walking faster, dressing sharper, and good posture are important keys to a good self confidence.
the ma ma ma money is the motive.
You live in Anaheim? :-)
you still got me..
"Recognition, not recall." Users shouldn't have to learn how to use your site, including the catalog.
You are incredible. So is your Dad. Congrats on showing the world what true courage looks like.
I see he parked next to Gasol's conversion van. Also one nice ride...
3 day pass to Ultra Music Festival to the first person to comment below. GO!
I have never roped anything either! Get a few beers, and we can change that quick! haha
Thank you for your glimmering wisdom.
Let's get down to business (to defeat the Huns)...ah Monday Meetings.
hey sweet woman--happy weekend!!!
hoping to catch you guys in #Chicago!!
awe we had some fun there!! Ha!! It was awesome seein I
Cougars & Co. supports St. Joseph’s Foundation. Give them a follow:
Well since my phone wants to be a cunt I had to switch back to my old phone. Bye bye android, for now
IN Quote: "What YOU think of me is none of my business."
It would be great if this program could help
For what it's worth Kurt...you were REALLY good...
My suggestion? Never get too attached to anyone because attachments leads to expectations and expectations leads to disappointments. <U+2665>
No! Omg. Omg. Omg. Im crying.
Good thing he took those steroids after the fifth inning
Say "Royals Orioles" 5 times fast.
I see champagne being popped in the offices. Congrats guys!
reading some pretty fucking awesome submissions right now
Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul
wow, just... wow. people can do the most ironic yet amusing things. hahaha you're such a
Thanks so much for joining us for dinner tonight! Glad to hear you loved it, and we hope to see you again sometime soon!
#FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE please follow is Austin <3
I need to drop Robertson, augh.
Somebody just made a kissing noise out a car window at me. Now that's new.
I have - nice beer. Not too spicy, but still interesting.
on north. Having a Kentucky coffee. Gonna need to b reminded of my name tomorrow. It is nasty out. Ice rink out there!
Thanks for the follow!
No clue man haha RT : what's that? Lol
And the Witchita lineman is still on the line.
about how long is the trip from Miami International to the Port where the cruises leave from?
are u talkin about the girl that change her username with 1D thing?
Contact me to learn how cost sharing can make your mktg $ go further for project photography. Several of my clients do it & it's win/win.
Thank you for following me. I'll be following you as well.hope you had a good day.
Big goals weighing you down? Break them them down into manageable tasks! W.iaminc.biz
track them down and hit them with a Mic Check!
Thanks! The pattern was not very noticeable when the dress was white, so wasn't sure what would happen. They really popped!
Don't fall asleep with glasses on .... This mark better go away
#nowplaying - "Right there" by ft.
Working on new cosplays.
Just watched the movie #Hop and it was good
be nice..
is that a diamond on your left hand?
our import of bookmarks from delicious will be ready coming days. Need some people to test the tags becoming webmixes.Can you test?
I need some Xbox live friends to play #FIFA12 with. Let's go!!!
#30WaysToMakeAGirlSmile Let her look through your phone so she can know your not cheating
just think you did well! You'll be good!
The SIXERS won ! See ya Bulls .. Haha
Dear Hacker, thank you for hacking my twitter account. Now I am saying nasty things about YOU. You are mean and I don't like you.
I don't know how you do it, but you do it well. You need to keep doing it.
Much obliged for the RT!
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuukkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk that noise sir.you just need a good reason to drink and act slutty
nah haha no idea what it is;D
They do it right
lol more like I just want my phone call returned
svr t-storm warning for northern Walworth county until 6:30pm, 1" hail possible, most intense part of the storm is on top of Troy.
Over at twitter. Still shocked at Jr. Seau's passing. A loss for San Diego sports fans and football fans period. An icon.
rough night..
Thanks for the RT
"Terrible People" Episode 1 is online! www.terriblepeopleshow.com ... And Film Crush has a new website too. www.filmcrushcollective.com
Our current global leaders were influenced by neorealism of the coldwar: aka self-interest > moral principle.
LOL...depends if JQ is feeling better by then.
I meant to tell u that I admire ur craftability
Well, that was easy lol (:
Thanks for the mention.
Reflection, planning and peaceful thinking has saved me from hastened judgements, poor decisions and tough situations. -Zach Marcy
yeah and I hope u know my birthday next Thursday
Favre probably went to the metrodome last night and tampered with the roof so he wouldnt have to end his streak!
Butter London Nail Polish.<333 My fav.(:
Multi Scarf Snood/Neck warmer Beanie Mask Bandana Snowboard ...
6 voting members is indeed too small. New bylaws call for evantual total of 8 voting members but this is transition year of only 6
- I love my tiny little daughter, and am very thankful for a great work leave policy and wonderful friends who feed us.
ohh lol we meant for our show with him in Chicago...but hey you can still come to that if you want!
My phone bout to die
Nope. PPVs are separate but Ringside gets you a 15% discount on the PPV which would make it like $12.75 or something.
112 followers.. :) It's Not very much, but It's a Start Thank ya ;p
No dice. I can see the toolbar, just not the icons. Oddly enough, it works on my work computer with the same browser. Thanks tho!
I mind my own business, Hate getting involved in others. Why can't people do the same?
I hope my fever is gone tomorrow morning-- this is my last full week as a high school student.
With , Can English be any more boring?!?
Bucks defense is horrible!
BOOMER SOONER!!!!!!! Fiesta Bowl here we come!!
IMissss You More!:(
hopefully see u soon fam!
Thoughts go out to the Klena family.
Confession: I thought "high stakes" was a reference to stoned cows.
Our new Limited Edition 3.0 cart colors are hitting the marketplace this week. Go get one!
Take me away
Looking for an indie filmmaker/blogger to follow who's bright, talented & a great read? 's your man!
That I am actually rooting so eagerly for the #Thunder illustrates my level if disgust for the Lakers
In Indiana and they don't serve alcohol on sundays & they let people smoke in restaurants?! Da Fuck
Class is canceled Arabi today. Enjoy your Good Friday and have a wonderful weekend.
gift card makes life simple. Probably go with that.
Sometimes, all it takes is one person to show you that it's okay to let your guard down, be yourself, and love with no regrets.
your hands high then adjust as you stop. (squeaky feet)
yep, picks up at 7:45.
that. is. PERFECT.
you are super cool... Plus your alarm goes off at a normal hour, unlike this 3am buzzer! ;)
Did the Heat really lose last night -___-
Thanks! Trying it out.
The girl i hate is in my lunch
Just found out I'm leaving for home tonight yayyyy I'm so excited :D
moving tomorrow.
im gonna make tacos tonight and try one of those walking bitches!:] lol
Nothing more rewarding than a good day's work.
Quiet office on Friday's!
congrats on sending off the ms
Le Ninja is everywhere, all the time!
isn't that your wrestling name?
Made it safe and sound....almost to little cousin CHUCK!!! #2012graduate #MSU IM so proud!!!!
I need an ice-cream...<U+2600>
I prefer iloveyou to i love you because they are no spaces from other people to come between us in iloveyou
Other than the pollen and the putrid smell that rises from the depths of the subway.
im dropping out. tomorrow
Almost better. We may get to come home soon
"Salvation is free, but its not cheap" -Bishop Marvin Winans
idk whats worse, the fact you have a scrotum or the fact you're watching The Vow.
They could play that while they bringing my casket out.
Excuses Me Lol "BOSS BITCHES ARE MY PREFERENCE" <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><U+270C>
You made it in! 24 minutes left!
the new Roo site looks so fresh, love it.
I like to play wit it while im eatin it!
Woohoo! Welcome! RT : Thanks! I'm super excited to join the team!
One of my favorite coaches, Bill Parcells, is looking to fill in for the interim following Sean Payton's suspension from New Orleans.
Thanks for the follow here, Mike; Appreciate the outreach & hope you are well; All the best!
My Uncle just asked me what #Twilight was ... LMFAO
lol!! Ali needs a Twitter. Force her. And make sure she likes Snacks on Facebook :)
CMS: Jim Groom takes the stage, sings the praises of Wordpress!
Baltimore Fashion Alliance Holiday Party is TONIGHT at the Intercontinental Harbor Court Hotel from 6 to 9 pm. Hope to see you there!
Half of my Phillip calls didn't go through ..... Anyone else????
House stayed clean all weekend. Husband was out of town. Coincidence??? ;)
Guys, my boss is now on Twitter...so play it cool. I SAID PLAY IT COOL!!
Good morning tweople! Hope everyone have a bless day!
leftover chinese food(:
LOLOLOL ok ok
Welcome to the team our new Art Department Manager Suzanne Burley!
The served Does that make it better? Merry Christmas!
This Gaddafi guy is fucking up my Price is Right.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!Tell Sarah i said HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! to her to.have an ICONic Birthday!!!
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
The Red, Black & Blonde ATX premiere at the Alamo S. Lamar Oct 18th 7:30 Please join us!!!
Yea..I think it would be a fun concert.
"It is the duty of the whole people to never entrust to any hands but their own .. the preservation and perpetuity of their own liberties."
Thanks to our non– Wisconsin listeners who are powering or downloads today.
Please give me a Birthday Shout out... I turned 22 today... It would make my night...
Day 2 of my broad street run celebration #margaritas!
Haha, yes found you on Cristinas friend list. Yes I'm an actor, see www.scottbutleractor.com. Sent you Facebook message. :)
woo id slide a finger down the crack of dat ass!
Thanks for the retweet!
Can't stop playing this
philippines..Wow! Great!...How old do you think I have?
wait did you already play that show with atl?
please follow me on twitter!!!!
Another ? for the crowd: Do you sew for craft shows? Is it worth the time/energy? Why do you do it?
I love being ignored...
New Multi-Faceted Comedy CD Coming Soon! Get Your Laugh On!
RT RT We are not creatures of circumstance; we are creators of circumstance ~ Benjamin Disraeli
Good morning fools
If that was so, then I eagerly embraced the revelry of Washington. That was where Mr. Lincoln and I made our mark on history.
#StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie the killer won't stop chasing you until dead.... Really really dead , and even then keep running
is this kindergarten?
he's not my babe but lets talk about your new one!!
We've added new appetizers and sushi rolls to our new menu! Come Visit Us at MIZU and have Lunch or Dinner with Us! :)
We will be playing a new song tomorrow!
#SMWSportsBiz yes answering my question finally
I've got to try this out!
Doin this new mix for Website, ah the theatrics of it all!!
My tweet game weak af
Literally dying. Omfg
Will do. Waiting for my cousin to finish it.
it has!!! Today has been awesome!
Thanks for your kind words! Have been in the studio + not doing Twitter for the past week.
Make sure you get my copy of Finding Nemo and Wall E
The Overnight Mustache is different for everyone. Mine was rummy & yummy!
Looks like injuries are finally a thing of the past (knock on wood). Anyone have any suggestions for marathons in the NW? Jan-Feb timeframe?
I love living in Florida!
If you once meant something to me, I don't forget you. That isn't very convenient, let me just say.
Leg day success = crawling to car & puking. Waiting patiently for DOMS to arrive. I love leg day!
lol. Just come today and get it over with
Looking 4 the perfect app to collect clinically relevant info to be accessed in clinic, eg protocols, pearls, etc
Im starving over here man
Kawasaki has no business up there against Beckett.
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Very addictive!" by Michelle
Bitches be thinking they the shit and can do whatever they want. BITCH PLEASE..ima knock that weave off yo head. Don't try me!!!
is amazing tonight, great first show of the new season. I so love this show <3
Tis not crazy.
In order to tell your future, you gotta create it first.
Good morning twitter world!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Sleepy! , I need to wake my ass up.
I keep getting DM's that say: "someone is saying nasty rumors about you..." And here I thought I was languishing in obscurity....
Could not ask for more beautiful weather than what we have today right here in
his answer will be "all hockey plays"
I've got a hot sweaty date with a dude named Gym tonight ;) #24HourFitness how's that for a
Woooooosah #motivation all day baby
When they first told me I had the most votes for Most Opinionated i was like tf? Now I'm starting to see why lol
I love when you randomly post covers of songs. I hope there will be more to come very soon ;)
Just met after her Iheartradio show. Best moment of my life nbd
I wonder how many times I've used #ihateyou in my tweets.
thanks to for turning me on to #Shazaam. So far it's 9 of 12. Couldn't pick up the classical music, as far as I could tell. -R
Love when I'm on my phone, texting like 10 people back and forth!! Lol! #weird #multitasking <U+E00A>
How do you do it? You make me so happy.
How have UGGS convinced the world that they have any redeeming value??
hey do you wana help the effort to get MAz back at ncf soon? like go to the SAC this saturday w/ me lol
d MoneyMakinMatt what up Matt its Phillip man are you accepting submissions for beats?
I'll just make sure I call craft services for the next write :) Bring on the buffet!
See it,desire it, ask for it, believe that you received it, and don't ask again just thank Him in advance for the manifastation! FAITH TALK
Maura wants to catch the eyes of all fashionistas! check her out on Facebook and Twitter!
RIP Donald 'Duck' Dunn Bass Player for Booker T & The MG's and The Blues Brothers. Member of Rock n' Roll HOF
Getting ready for Summerfest! Come join in the fun.
#IfLilBIsARapperThen Obama is a muslim
You are amazing and my inspiration<33 Just wanted to let you know(:
and Thanks for the retweet. I'm smarter than I look!
Cap Fringe hasn't officially announced it, but tonight's ShawnMikael(s) show, "They're Just Makin' That Crap Up," is SOLD OUT
listening to on The Herd. Who weight lifts more often... And who is stronger... You or him?
Why do men name their penises? Because they want to be on a first name basis with the person who makes all their decisions.
I got the dumbest friends
great week of vacation. Hope your week was great as well. :-)
#Powers, Hide Me Among the Graves. Occult historical cliffhanger featuring Victorian vampires & Christina & Dante Rossetti? The muse bites?
“: Your hard work is going to put you on, not another person.”
#Myblackfriendsays a good horror movies is one with an all black cast and none of them die
"Precious Knowledge," the documentary about the axing of MAS in Tucson, airs on PBS May 17. Check your local listings.
Had too much fun! Thanks for having us !
Missing the old Graywolf Grill. Anyone know of a good Mongolian BBQ somewhere in RVA?
Her name is Francis but she said she liked ur shirt today
In jerz get @ me
hi alice
Congratulations to The Tobyriffic Show voted best PBS show in the Alibi
Also, Seattle is killing it right now.
lol u sing lik a chipmunk, thats the new thing now so u good
Cuz Harry Potter is a literary masterpiece and revered by many RT : hey i'm not bashing your Harry Potter love!
To love what you do and feel that it matters- how could anything be more fun. Katherine Graham
Oh so delicious! Love us some !
funny and sick shit
how do you think I'm tweeting you right now?? Lol
that's just how they do!
You're just taking the other side because you're still mad about the mitten thing. haha
Is there a subscription service for fresh young coconuts?
Hey young sales peeps, Good listening is NOT enough. You have to make the client feel like they've been heard and that it's important to you
Hey dahling!! Hope u are doing great! Take care
and that's exactly what I am... So uh, fuck me! Haha ;p
don't understand why some people don't like the situation they are in, but repeat, business as usual, and wonder why it doesn't change.
im a young choreographer and i love you and the will you please follow me? <3
Go girls basketball! #winning 55-14
I LOVE THE READY SET!
Thanks for the great suggestions! I'll definitely check some of them out tomorrow.
craiglist website and its users are being linked to loads of problems, whats going on?????
Did you see Rick Majerus present at clinic in Tunica?
60min international connection, "express connection" card got me through. Many thanks :)
Project mgt office helps eliminate "black box" effect of project status, priorities, being unclear to all constituencis
thank you for sharing. I think the video is pretty awesome.
blessings to you and fam.... hope all is well with you.. praying for you and moms everyday! always remember I'm here for ya!
We have a dream to have one piece of schwag for every GH song. We'll be placing an order today to begin making that dream a reality.
Today was byfar one of the best sundays I have had in a long time. :)
Lazyweb: Anyone know of a Chrome plug-in that somehow shows the URL that a shortened link redirects to?
Red is sure to be a "Sassy" look. We have one in our "pre-launch" designs & sure to have plenty more when we launch.
sorry bout yesterday fam ...#home problems
Did a double feature with Vicky Christina Barcelona. First one: better story. Second one great photography. Can I mix um?
Very unlikely.
My twitter account got hacked ignore my last tweets
It's time to get your dance on tonight $100 cash prize in the booty shaking contest for the ladies and tyrone will buy your first drink
I really can't believe lil Wayne signed limp bizkit to young money .... Seriously
TRAFFIC - Disabled Vehicle In Traffic - Park Street onramp to WB Beltline. Blocking traffic.
Actually, you're right. That would be good although he probably couldn't be paid enough to be on the other end of the show.
my son is going!
Damn bro. So sad me & & missed you on that fine day. We were the drunkest santas in NY.
I WENT DOWWNNNN INTO THE FIRE AND IT BURNS BURNS BURRRRNNS THE RING OF FIRE!!!!
Hi cory booker is a good mayor better than mine
Huge fan, wish you the best brotha! Throw BOMBS!
hey! it happens. how is the insanity? have a great weekend!! =)
The GAME rules for today. Don't break the law. Don't jack the clues. Call GAME Control before going to a new location.
“: I peaked in the 3rd grade. I'm looking forward to my mid 30s though...” Maybe 3 is your lucky number!
The old saying is, "Time waits for no one" It's about keeping with 'today' in real time and never letting 'today' become 'yesterday'.
All i have is this picture in a frame, that i hold close just to see you everyday<3
i followed please follow me back nao
If you haven't see Boys Don't Cry, you should. Great depiction of the tragedies we humans put on ourselves by being intolerant.
Tune in to tonight at 11:35 p.m. to see us Flo Fusion Fitness on the Sunday Sportswrap!
I honestly thought Hollie was going home tonight. I was so shocked when Ryan said it was Skylar.
Horribly bad. Seems to be cutting off their nose to spite their face.
you're welcome(:
Thank God! Another mediocre OF, I was worried we might do something helpful.
“: I WANT TO KNOW ALL OF YOUR SEMESTER GPAs” gahh thank you.
I can smell the carnival from the rotary #it'sasign #who'scomingwithme
Welcome to Cincinnati, Devon. I can pick you up at Northern KY airport and you can vent over shakes with me at UDF.
If you don't follow, I will not lead.....poof to non followers! No time for people that do not measure up!
Happy Sunday! Happy to be with my family today :) See you in a bit!!
i'm good sis
um, does everything really have to be due at the same time? I already dread February.
Thanks Keridwyn...hope you and the crew had a blast!
lol YES I win :)
A question from : What's your personal motto? Me: You'll never be 100% prepared when opportunity knocks.
Not to be a gossip but... Shouldn't change her handle?
Call a bitch out
Valentine's Day is soon. Get your sweetheart something special. Try our Lover's Cup tea - it is wonderful. Open Sat til 6pm Sunday 12-5.
Checking into Virgin America at LAX feels like I'm going out to a bar.
one doesn't rule out the other!
Sorry for the late response but TY for the #FF love!
I second that.
it gets better trust
Way to go ! Check out your collectivebrains. Who needs downtown when you got uptown baby!
FYI Argentium silver is a modern sterling silver alloy which replaces some of the copper w/ the metalloid germanium in traditional sterling
Hey buddy, thanks for the follow... about time already!!! :)
Roses are red, violets are VIOLET, get it right poets or please just be quiet.
"A father is a son's first hero, and a daughter's first love." <3
you know it! It was actually only 78 degrees outside, my steamy man-ness turned it up to 103!
even better frozen w/ little ice cream!
of course! Didn't want to let you down ;)
Mass effect 3 best game of the year indeed recomended to all gamers new to the series and fans of it
Just finished my very first year as a professor. (That flew by.) I may actually be a little bittersweet about it. (I liked my students.)
Over 200,000 beers sold! C'mon Denver let's keep our ranking of largest Oktoberfest outside of Munich!!!
There are 3 1d photos on the popular page on instagram <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Bravo , M. Eschenbach and Cédric at lst night! Berlioz and Ravel have always been in very good hands in Boston.
"The newspaper is the natural enemy of the book, as the whore is of the decent woman." Edmond & Jules de Concourt, 1858. This quote from LQ.
We have 190 followers!! The 200th follower gets to borrow our bass player for the day! He's very good at cooking, cleaning, & braiding hair
Thrilled to announce my partnership with the students of SPARK, the fabulous future PR gurus at Valparaiso University!
i think that's cuz it's flash. doesn't play on my iphone/ipad either, but does play on my desktop.
yea I'm good ready for my truck to get done
Cole Hamels just drilled Bryce Harper. This game might get fun.
Are librarians ready to tackle text analytics?
Hi - just followed you - seems like you're up for a year of self actualization - love those kinds - so much to explore & discover
Call ur own shots it's the best feeling
#kids Dave and Busters: Dave and Busters from Thursday, May 10, 2012 at 6:00 PM to Thursday, May 10, 2012 at 8:00 PM National Sports...
What better way to relax after a hard swim than with a Shiner Bock?
Arrived in VA. Desire to do things properly at war with desire to do things fast.
Per Cathy Norton, I am elite.
On our way down to the square. See you soon!
yes we do, they look cool lol cx
Sincerely saddened over this :( RT Playing the entire Beastie Boys discography in the brewery today. #RIPMCA We'll miss you.
At the Emerging Tech. Expo & Comm. Summit ( #etecs ). A little heavy on the broadcasting side for me but Im excited for the keynote speaker.
I luv u, we're just upset rite now. Lol
I miss my bed right now . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Anybody have the name of a good bread guy in Chicago? We're looking for an outright baker ninja.
It's Not The End Of The World.It's The Beginning Of A New One!
Skipping class to watch Boy Meets World
Talk about amazing. I could look at and listen to you forever!
Lots of baseball outside today. Sore as fuck but it feels good to be sending moonshots into the lake again and the water wasn't bad either
No friends
what are you having????
New #IncongruousSpotifyAdvertising: hard rock Halestorm ad interrupting pleasant middle-eastern quietude.
No reason to opt-in for Deron, he's better off locking up at 4 or 5 years w/ 1st about the same or more than his opt-in $$
The unproductivity fairy has struck once gain Kaahhhhnnn!!!!
"Darling" with Julie & Dirk, now "Pumpkin Eater" with everyone. I heart #TCM!
only if it was warm. I was going to tan
I know and it just makes them look retarded because they're shoulders look so stiff hahah
On a more positive Anglophile note -- did you hear that Selling London is coming to HGTV in the summer? Can't wait!
Go you! Way to start off the new year. What are you working on? BB still home from college until the 16th.
Where You Drop Your Wands? This fan of Harry can be insane
Osama Bin Laden is dead. It's over. Bring the troops home.
Good morning have a smurfy day.
as a vege, you are not supposed to have eaten that
Man /Your place or mine?/ Woman /Both. You go to yours and I ll go to mine./
Why were you at the airport last night? Are you coming back to the Easy Coast?
Yes except now they want to be there next year to get slimed RT Did they like getting slimed at #kca?
Also our mid-afternoon snack :)
this weekend
fine thx, see u in nashville soon :)
Deadline! Thank you for following the Cherokee Challenge! We are very excited to see your ideas. Finalists will be notified on April 30!
RT : “I wish I could show you when you are lonely or in darkness the astonishing #light of your own being.” <U+2015> Hafiz
if you don't I will
You are an awesome teacher1 i'm so glad to have heard the comments to pass on!
Trust me....no one can.
Idk y many people hate on justin if hes a sweetheart!<3
THank you Dan!
Off to bed...
evening Ms. Kilkenny. What keeps you up at this hour?
In social media, Two-way conversations are essential in order to be recognized by your customers.
Check out my dude "who me" video coming soon
hot pic! Love it!
More than 1,000 people at Shaun Wild memorial at Brown Deer High School.
Academics are CHE's customers. W/a for-profit company, the customers are the only ones who can provide feedback.
I hear a storm coming...and see my bed and Netflix in my immediate future
You too!
#towaxornottowax That is the question I've been pondering, hm....perhaps I have some resolve...seeing myself bare-lipped &gapless again
Disruptive trend: 3d printing?
people i need 100,000 people to get a movement march for legalizing cannabis. signup
S/O to for being THEE best friend EVER
oh good did it do alot of damage?
hope they win. They have to play better than they did Sat nite !
30% of the people in this meeting have iPads. Should I get one of these? Or maybe the samsung galaxy?
Check out 's Buy Local Bazaar on Sat, April 2, and make sure to give them a 30th BDay gift at wmse.org. Can't imagine MKE w/out them!
just to clarify, there is NOT a bear loose in the office. although if there were, I have a sweet escape route
thank you!!
Feels just a bit evil for rejecting a paper on Christmas eve.
I want my lip pierced so bad. It sucks being under 18.
At the Author Tea Gala listening to TAYLOR STEVENS! Sososososo excited!
Sometimes we all wonder what if...
oyster bake was a success (:
RT : happy birthday An honest to God comedy legend the world has yet to meet.
yeah.. Me too. And after she does she just dies laughing
Couple of witnesses call ASSET bill "a slap in the face" to citizens and legal immigrants.
Haha...you crack me up!
And Gov Branstad, on whose mansion Emma and Tim intend to plant a pressed ham, was all over the news yesterday.
Aw... that's sweet.
Be safe tonight, everyone. But, at the same time, enter 2012 with a BANG!
Urban Jungle Green vol.2 (limited pressing enhanced audio CD with videos!)! available at hhv.de and k984.com
let's hope they don't find your Twitter!
WANNA BOOST YOUR POTASSIUM LEVELS – ESP. IF YOU WORK OUT? We know about bananas. Have you heard of jicama? This slightly sweet & crisp ro…
Thanks to our fantastic tech careers panel speakers - , Marc Salerno, Sergio Paredes, and Adrienne DiPrima!
Delicious, buttery toffee awaits you! Come visit us! We are on across from ! We open at 11am!
I love the $5 DVD bins at Wal-Mart. Just scored the Sex and the City movie..and I also saw a few You've Got Mails swimming around in there!
.... Happy New Year to you too, OC Gal!! :D
but yeah hi
strava has really interesting route conflation and analysis. Interested to know how to do the same with OSM gps trace data
Thx ! MT Gov. Brown declares state of emergency for demolition of Paramount Blvd bridge over Pomona Freeway.
It is a sheer waste of time and soul-power to imagine what I would do if things were different.
I'm just thankful Mike Keenan isn't working tonight's game.
When the road feels long, invest in a good pair of shoes. :)
"You must get in water over your head to learn to swim."
No session tonight (hopefully you figured that out already) — we meet once a month.
Nice posts Max ( ) will check them out and give em the proper promo!
They say the shit I say is just wrong like no one else has those really dark thoughts when alone.Im just a teen who admits I'm suicide prone
not yet, but will be very soon. look for the announcement / post in the next day or two
I'm going to take a nap during Q7.
write-in vote for
THXS 4 THE FOLLOW.HAVE A GOOD ONE.
Watching #DSOLive from #Woodbridge, not quite Orchestra Hall, but still great!
Well point is, every year I decorate it. One year it was silver, the next gold, last year red and this year Pink! Beautifully pinkcesorized!
TOUR!? I'm there bro.
stream netflix over the ps3. cheap and it will waste alot of time
The bottom line is this series showed how ridiculously valuable Derrick Rose is. They won in a blowout with him. They went 1-4 without him.
It was my right one bro
Okay goodnight for real!
I gotta dig bick. You that read wrong. That awkward when you read that wrong also. And said "moment" after awkward.
Music at Mumbai:Ella Campbell and Friends 3/24
Authors/pubs, I would love to see a picture book biography of Ted Fujita, the guy who came up with the Fujita Scale for tornado strength.
still listed as questionable. With Belichick you never know. If you have a good 1 pm option go with that.
i love this picture.! Exactly how i would feel meeting you.!
not familiar; i'll check it out. i think i wanna read Chuck Palahniuk's newest one called "Damned." i like his work.
In a couple hours I will be living about 4 hours away from Austin. <33
My way of joking is to tell the truth. It is the funniest joke in the world.
Chinese study shows students on continuos drip of BCAA's tested higher on standardized testing. Increase brain power
Good morning
By this time tomorrow I will have done nothing but spend the entire day relaxing on the beach drinking beer.
"thanks for your condiserfuckeration!"-
holla at me when u get a chance sir
Thanks 4 the follow!
Right befoer Brock came out the tv camera was 2 rows in front of me have to see if im on tv
Let me help you with your event... Be it a Wedding, Bridal Shower, Anniversary, Intimate Dinner, Baby Shower or Birthday Call 857-203-1690.
Congratulations on the funding. Really looking forward to future innovations!
Advertise your business or event on our huge marquee located in the heart of the Coventry Arts District in Cleveland Hts! Call for info!
ugh yes....well I do wish I was at your zumbathon today ...have fun!
RUDY GAY!
Right on! I guess I will be getting back in shape this summer.
of course. Size? Address?
I know! Who knew this was around?
Omg! Soul surfer is such an amazing movie!
So tired of making excuses 4 da
Mouser Electronics Takes Lead in Environmental Sustainability and Distribution of Green Technologies
thanks, we will need it! anything new your way?
nope. It was straight instrumental. It was actually really dope but it sounded a bit empty
Instead of your daily latte of coffee, try it with tea instead. We recommend jasmine green tea latte - naturally sweet. Variety Friday!
Thank your for the Rt.
*Important statistic: The Broncos are undefeated when outscoring their opponent.
yep, in pioneer square!
She really likes this guy. Damn this Sucks.
on any given day, about half of teenagers are doing homework online.
I love your show, but do wish you had a better night. Friday is "date night".
Young love...gotta love it!
what about Tuesday next week?
EPA reports amount of Xenon-133 detected is approx. one millonth the dose rate a personally normally gets from normal background sources.
u so late butt oh ok
Beliebers & Mahomies are both AMAZING fanbases! But, some beliebers need to CHILL OUT & SIT DOWN! Austin's a belieber too!!
mentions the UN universal charter on human rights as an ex of secular ethics
major oureach service to your library community: show them how to filter spam messages!
Andre F'n MILLER...what a fake on Gasol
Bramson ORT College Spring 2011 registration is in progress. The Admission offices will be open Monday to Friday: 9:00 A.M. to 4:00 P.M.
Today, I am cleaning out my closet after along time.
Hopefully this game is good
skyline drive??
“: hahaha, this is awesome” thank ya sir. Please help however you can to get it out there
I'm gonna fuck this weed.
wen did u dye the top of ur hair blue? BTW It looks nice
ALL IS WELL and everything is unfolding in Divine Perfect Order for your highest good in this and every moment
AWESOME CONCERT!!! you were amazing. you were amazing too!
gonna be a long day
Once things are up & running, will be coming at you with some awesome new stuff.
Watching Behind the Music Nas!!
THE BEAST IS BACK
no, more like a whole body explosion! It's THAT exciting!
I was kissed with cancerous kisses, by crocodiles. (Confessions of an English Opium-Eater)
LOOK OUT #SanAntonio.. Here come the #CLIPPERS!! RT : Clippers up 80-71 w/ 28 seconds remaining in 4Q
Is #kinderchat going on now, because those teachers rock.
Are you guys following ? So interesting!
Hootsuite, I really need you to not be broken right now. I have work to do before my vacation starts!!
Wow! Got booked once again in McAllen for Saturday.
And now he looks way different
Did you Move to Miami??(:<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Aquarius Neptune Direct-time 2 externalize personal dreams, fantasies into material reality-Pluto in Capricorn trine brings longterm results
The iPad is a useful device for coping with earthquakes. My favorite apps so far are Netflix and SketchBook Pro. iWork is pretty sleek too.
I Don't Ever Talk To Him , Inless I'm With Him . Type Of Relationship Is That .
#FF and his alter egos !!
Ditto. RT : I hate most of my Facebook friends.
Their illusion was of short duration
Knee: inner knee pain
Watched tv & sports were on it. I liked it but it scares me bc I hate sports! Hope my taste isn't changing, I don't wanna like sports
ugh I hate it
our other account issue i'll txt you the pass word, you can tweet any thing you want :)
Paint, dog farts are delicious RT : What's worse: paint fumes or dog farts?
my innocence does that every time I see or hear them.
The Bristol will be there!
hes does make pretty cakes
When I have a baby...I'm gonna name him Patrick they always seem to turn out pretty good lookin'
LOL,haha okay go do your art :) tmrw we can talk more!
Great Opening Day at the track & I finally got to try out Dawson's with good company...time for bed before we're back at it tomorrow!
found a typical library for a study of high rank job. the mood of a library so strict and uneasy. But it do me good
why does wikipedia in german have species names in german & not latin? srsly really?
Yo told the chinese dude lil jackie chan jr hurry the fuc up
Darn... RT YOUR HOROSCOPE: Capricorn: Today, your astrological forecast will be in error.
No not yet, Want to for sure though. I'll try to get up there before the end of the year. Send me a good place to play
RT Based on psychologic study a crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months. If it exceeds you are already in love.
Storytime! Tonight is The Three Little Pigs.
Those annoying subscription cards that fall out of magazines.
If you can't understand my silence, how can you understand my words ?
Happy Friday, Butterscotch tweeps! I hope u all have fabulous plans for the weekend - time for de-stressing. Namaste.
Hey Alex!! How was your day??
#ihateitwhen the cute waiter doesn't wait on your table. *sighs*
yup. But that pic was two years ago
Thank you for the new listings! Enjoy the beautiful #ROC weather today :)
UUUUMM, HAD TO MUCH FUN TODAYY LOLX, BUT BORED NOW SO... :))
Hallelujah, open accessible green space
Wow jardine fought well but got ktfo
follow me back <3
Hippo cologne anyone??? It's on 10TV this morning....no joke??
The only way to get anything in the physical universe is by letting go of it. Let go & it will be yours forever”. – Deepak Chopra
Fuck it, who needs a best friend like you?
Sorry :P Hope the nights better :)
I really need to go to and get rid of my contract with AT and switch to Sprint so I can have unlimited data. I also need to switch my
all on facebook. I just have covers up. All my originals arent gonna be released just yet(:
The holidays are here. Give now and give often.
I'm so hype
This is the last weekend I'll have time off and possibly the last time I'll leave Houston in '11. geez.
love that beer!
Adrenaline show starts at 9:30 Dan McGuinness spottswood. Great place to party and eat. and a hot crowd.
yes when i ready
Make it a great Tuesday!
School trip...... now returning home!
I can't listen to Death Cab, Arcade Fire or Andrew Bird without thinking about you.
Answer a random question abt , Topic Of The Day, or past Shows w/ a chance to win a FREE gas card! You knw you need it!
Thanks for the hours of entertainment while I'm training for my first marathon!
Need sleep. Praying for a better day tomorrow and a better week.
well you've got great taste in music
Humans are not genetically engineered to turn down calories when they are readily available.
If you meditate return this tweet with your name and I'll send you a e-book to develop spiritual charisma.
can't sleep thesis will eat me, can't sleep thesis will eat me, #cantSleep thesis will eat me...
that's awesome.
We would like to thank everyone who has supported us... from staff, pr, investors, clients, etc. We are proud to deliver a kickbutt service
That is REALLY thoughtful! Hats off to him as well!
I don't know what's in Vienna Sausages, but it tastes like manna from heaven to my hungry belly. -Zach
#askharry will you guys be in LA around feb. 19th?
RT : seriously, iTunes... $1.29 for select "popular" songs?! How did THAT happen? I'm not amused.
do u have any tips for shopping on asos? Im always skeptical on how it will fit
awe I won't, but I'm not the one taking it, I'm taking a picture with you, someone is taking the picture for us :)
thx for following guys - when we need tile, we'll look you up! Hope CodeSquare can help your small biz - let us how we can help!
Whoever decided on having finals on a Saturday should be waterboarded.
what a tool.
I love it when you make fun of my tweets. Heights to reach too.
Designers: What's the last thing you made that you're really proud of? Go!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
What's everyone's favorite Saturday afternoon coffee or espresso drink?
hows your day ?
I made it
When it rains it pours..But soon the sun comes out and days will get better <U+2665>
I really like Mendeley. You should give it a try.
Can we please pass some law against TV getting Really Really Loud when commercials come on? #it'sTooLoud&i'mTooOldDammit.
love, love, love
Love this!!!
Didn't Bill Fletcher run for president in the 90s under some small progressive party?
ok my answer is weird but I have a small place at a beach that is close to a beach where theres a nice resort...
me too :D
Ewww I hear bugs outside.....
@ my cuz lilly house! mad cuz her boyfriend....) a booty**** cheater 3< terrell williams if u no him
There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved. It is God's finger on man's shoulder. ~Charles Morgan
ur right. my bad. i thought he was a restricted FA.
let's s a b
MT #BibaBrand talking about the early visits to the Chicago recovery alliance I really want to visit - WE WANT U 2 VISIT!
It's gonna come on 9:55 pm here. >.>
that any combination of crust, melted cheese, pepperoni grease and saucelike liquid could be anything less than delicious when drunk
Traveling nomad in need of transportation information? Boom #FF , ,
Thanks for voting for us - you rock!
#winning with a santa hat
Gayspeed, fellow discount travelers.
Congrats, ! Your name was picked to win the second I-Tunes gift card. We will DM you soon!
Thank goodness nothing is seriously wrong, just stressed out. Geez I need a serious vacation
RT for a S/O xx
“: On Bellemeade Ave heading toward Evans Ave: man dressed in all black carrying a sword. #ewatch” only in Evansville.
I have a LONG memory & I hold a LOT of grudges. :)
literally just ordered some for dinner! I'll have to check out that restaurant while I'm here though!
Baylee you did it to us too.
Is the site down???
I love you girl's lol :)
Sparse juice.
Shut your mouth. I am tempted. I love him.
thank you! I sure do...and he's leaving me a gift in his drawers right now.... :)
I ain't no heat fan but they bout to fuck New York night up
Thanks for RT!
oh and did i mention that i was 21........
my own talk there, "Codecs, Gramophones, and the Voices of the Dead", will focus on the Oxen of the Sun ep. Hope to meet you there!
Don't forget today before noon 50% off any drink!!!! Show us your tweet! :)
What is your favorite Tiesta Tea?
There are low spots in our lives, but there are also high spots, and most of them have come through encouragement from someone else. –...
Great no call. Don't reward Wade for jumping into people
Good morning, good good morning
your scoring title comparison listed jordan and shaq being from the 97-78 season. impossible!
Fuck hospitals. I just need to study I'm fine now.
Obama cares,
We dont leave em at the house we bring em out
tell me about it! I still have to voice & been taking it too along with mass amounts of cough drops. All for the love of #DCU :-)
I want a tattoo!
": Looking forward to Portland tomorrow!! 2 words.. VOODOO DOUGHNUTS \o/" best doughnuts ever!
I came here to swim
I will see you in half an hour.
From that pic, I recognize Austin,alex, Robert,and that guy (idk his name but I saw home on a video with alex) and that's an AWESOME chain.
No Sheldon, Leonard or Howard from Big Bang
Ugh I should not have to do hw on my vacation
Lots O-Week stuff going on next week so be sure to keep a close eye on the Tweets...might even have a few prizes to give away
I was thinking about discipleship, how that starts with listening to His truth thru the Holy Spirit
Learned at Dr Ed Guinness's talk at the StL Sci Center that the current Mars Rovers run on 386s. I ran an XWing game on one of those.
Thanks Veterans. Gratitude for all you have given and continue to give.
I'm never watching a scary movie at 3 am again.. #hatebeingalone #nosleeptonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
I'm trying to wear a v neck tomorrow....
I'm the type of person who eats all the popcorn while they're still going through the trailers.
Whenever we need to learn something, we attract the people who hold the key to that teaching. Mabel Iam
I wonder if Hugh Douglass will keep his promise and go to church on Sunday, because of Tebow's come from behind T.D.?
“: I fucking hate my parents.”
so does clank when u miss off the rim !
When the answers that you know just prove you wrong, gotta have a little faith to fall back on <3
I love shorts that arent super tight but tight enough.
I definitely wanna try to catch Other Lives since I've never seen them. But they come on at 8pm. So it's whenever.
Quit and deleted.
So harden ain't suppose to block Kobe shot???? Cmon on ref
Relationships might last longer if people continued doing the things it took to get the person in the first place.
I did.
u already kno
dude, yes. WAKKKKAH
party is for everyone! come! the "we are hiring designers" stuff is a separate thread :)
Sunny here in Wash, DC at Council for #Agriculture Research, #Extension & Teaching with three great #Wisconsin CARET delegates.
I concur! And I am jealous.
Welcome back #HowardUniversity students! 2012 and beyond!
RT : Sure, seek lessons, but don't try to place blame in tragedy. There is no scandal here; only sorrow.
So pumped for the and show tomorrow! :D we are doing interviews with both bands so get stoked! :)
watch out for the ones with free shipping !!!
Good evening, dear.
In ancient Egypt, killing a cat was a crime punishable by death. #odd facts
NATIONAL FIELD&FOCUS Framingham,MA lying sacks of shit..saying "no answer is right or wrong, you wont disqualify yourself" SURPRISE.. DQ'D
five quadrillion words in Hathi trust.
Glad you cleared that all up.
im sure rob mac will assess any potential danger and perform the proper ocular patdown before anything gets out of hand
Why America Needs a Left: A Historical Argument by Eli Zaretsky G'90, F'80 now available from Wiley.
Things to do today: get out & enjoy the sunshine, grab a seat @ one of our patio tables or @ our bar, celebrate Fri w/Happy Hour from 3-7pm!
Y-Triple Threat Number 2 complete. I died a little less.
Thanks for the great meal again last saturday and entertaining us canadians.
I follow (from Denver). Of all Detroit stations the #backchannel has the most diverse news! News is not always GOOD!
i have a challenge for you today..see the inside: not the outside... you will know when the time is right. might even be many times :):)
I dropped in on / only to find a bag of 8 o'clock Coffee. I replaced it with Garden Blend.
Good morning
Wishing the wall of whiteboards I'm writing on had spellcheck.
is a weirdo!
should I delete this account..?
#Ryan Good ; trending , <33367549
oh I'm jealous!! I wanna head to the beach too!!
Damn . It doesn't hurt to try new things
I read that by mistake as 'decaffeinate.' The definition pretty much sums up what happens when I give up caffeine.
I'm in chicago
Hey who can I talk to about your burgh verified shirts? Who does the purchasing of them?
> We are now serving Gluten Free Beer to those 21 and over !
is thee FUCKING man! The new age Ice Man!
To be honest "I'm sorry" doesn't mean shit to me. Don't keep saying you're sorry if you're gonna keep doing the same shit over & over again.
It'll be a somber mood in skating rinks all over tonight. You know, cause it's full of people who resorted to skating.
My boy saw the struggle fro and facial hair today.
I was mad, but then you made it better<3
what's for dinner?
Sounds fantastic. Making the trek up to Ojo tomorrow myself.
Seriously, is there a secret pot pie or something?
Too bad. Such a nice guy for a coach but he has to deal with SO MANY freshman.
The best one so far, in my opn! #cnndebate": I understand that GOP Debate XLVI was taking place tonight. Did I miss anything?"
Throwing/attending a raging New Years Party? StreamCasting can stream it for you LIVE on the internet! Contact us for more info!
time to learn the ropes :)
haha! Girl you got no IDEA.
12+ hours at the library today...
I started out Cheerio then grew into a Fruit Loop & now since I've aged a bit I'm more like snap crackle pop & Running from a Cereal Killer.
Up can't.sleep....call me
No food in the house after a long trip? Solution = popcorn.
The Challenge of Going Vegan
Omg. They just let my kids FEED A GIRAFFE at the That was AWESOME. I love it here.
Is it just me, or are these iPhones just a bunch of hype!
Information as far as who produced it and what not. Do we need to send that right away or if it's picked are we contacted again
PRT A Vote For "K. Toby Ryan" is a Vote for Live Music! RT Early voting ends today! Get out & support him. YOUR VOTE COUNTS!!!
just about to tweet the same thing. I mean apparently indisputable evidence not necessary for the
hahaha that's better
I have that on my laptop too. It's awesome to have.
A stream of blessings for healing, recovery and radiant health for any loved ones in need of this prayer, and all needing these prayers.
Well...that was ugly.
If u gotta do it yourself then do it
dance party! watch this white girl break out her moves ;') lol
Obama Campaign Headquarters - the mainstream news media. Reporting false and misleading information regarding the jobs report & the polls!
by that line of reasoning, all software is flawed.
6 wins in a row for the , thanks to Jeremy Lin aka #superlintendo. This is true
good job bro! Keep it up....
My mom loves #trance and she's 68... she's always asking me to give her the newest tunes. That's awesome.
that ice cream truck is racist
damn , lol I meant to hoop lol
Great rehearsal today
Thanks, Kevin!
One question can I die like now?
And they tweet about politics.
Thanks for the shoutout! :)
coming very soon!!!! #DaMovement2..... bangin doe
I like your argument!
yes we all hope so
Instead of that why not come to NOLA and get the real deal?!?
I like to think my awkwardness is adorable.
Not a problem. Do you want a fully-inked or a partial coverage tee? Send more details to' info at 1of1apparel dot com' Thxs
RT . Like foreaal doe ": Lmao yo I really don't give a damn what time I get to school anymore .. #LifeOfASenior"
I appreciate the brand mentions but...#amen RT : There should be a 3 Spanx joke limit on any awards show
Honestly, its my body and my cleavage is none of ya business.
Reading My Sister's Keeper & bawling my eyes out. Sara = least sympathetic character yet her POV chapters make me cry the hardest. Bravo JP!
Prof: I want my own logo for this project. Me (diplomatically): You can't have your own logo. Prof: Want to bet? Me: Yes. :)))
back up in the shop !
Also saw a sign by a restaurant on the way to work that said "eat fish or go to hell". Not sure if serious or trying to sell more fish.
no worries I might be late too
Do you want to be a part of our summer show? Auditions -April 30 and May 1st- Mark your calander 1-4pm. 107 Suffolk St, NYC ages13-21.
My eyes are like BOOP BOOP DEAD.
Just to see you smile, I'd do anything
Ah. Okay. Sounds good :D
okay i got 1000 tweets just about you, but when will you tweet something about me ? D: <3 i am waiting 4
Mezcal - all agave-based spirits made in Mexico. Tequila is a place, tequila is a town! Tequila is a type of mezcal from Jalisco.
Your Truth is only as Good as your Present Action.
ya, srsly. But I'm at my sister's place and currently covered in kitty fur, so all is well.
Actually I'll be spending my summer installing cassette decks in upscale sedans so people can play their new DG tapes.
Technically, the Redbirds played at a dumpy college football stadium. It wasn't called Redbird Stadium. Still, see your point.
That really made me smile. :)
“ It's only 4:40 and I bored as fuck”
You know, would call that a "healthy glow." :)
I LOVE the acting life! Hope you are well. Let's film together again soon.
people with a faster metabolism ohgawd h8 yo ass fo lyfe :"C
five minutes in the park with the dog - five mosquito bites. not a good ratio.
not sure I follow
First drinks # turning 21. Strawberry martini and strawberry daiquiri
No one really knows whether that page will rank #1 in Google; no one really knows which paid search copy will get the highest click rate
that's scary!
": Awkward moment when Snooki's relationships last longer than yours." that's fucked up lol
welp i will be in spring this weekend :))
Will someone close to please take his twitter away? I agree w him on many issues but whoa, seriously unprofessional.
students at Milby pay to pass a class!??
I play the guitar, the piano and the drums :)
hey!!!! Have you ran yet today?!
Been off all the junk since training started 2months ago. Men I want some Toco Bell bad! We can call it a kinda reward...right?
Gearing up for the #GreatAmericanCleanup in Midtown #Milwaukee. Join us Sat at N 22 & McKinley at 9 am. Bring your work gloves !!
Great day DOWNTOWN !! We will b @ Riverfront tonight at 6pm also and 2morrow again on Deadrick! Come on down
I'll enjoy #BackStageRush a little bit more, if would pay attention to me today! Is it a deal Kendall?
Oh my, have I been negligent. What's good Twittersphere? Time to (try to) get back on the tweeting grind ...
when are you pitching next?
Show in Stockholm tonight. Tomorrow we ride a ferry all day to Helsinki, gonna take some pics..
Looking forward to seeing/meeting you! Give us a visit at the library and archives perhaps?
Goodmorning G' of the G's you kill all these other "folks" with just one look lol(: <3
Party tomorrow! Why its on a school night I'll never understand but still! :P
Thanks for the mention!
yes. shockingly. false spring.
Sorry to hear! Positive vibes your way.
in the play offs!
Saw on Ustream Today that kid is amazing...New Fan :) God i love his voice :) He is cute...Amazed wow...
Totes can't wait for tonight. See you at Fado!
to deliver what exactly? SLAs / measurable milestones, what will be improved / replaced, ongoing/onetime fee?
Yo I'm mad tired O.o
I hate guys who take years to text back.. like dude I'm not texting you twice!
i didnt know i followed you till just now.... give me a reason why you're awesome and i should continue following you! :)
Great. Finishing up the attack phase today. Down -5lbs from 3 days. 10lbs to go! :-)
lady luck is on Bayern's side today!
thanks, bro
were you gonna go?
word word, in some circles folks said castillo was 'robbed' but it is what it is...floyd is floyd, haha!
My growing Pinterest addiction is interfering with my ability to get CodeAcademy done.
peoples! playin' an online show this thursday night! :) stay tuned for details!!!
When life gives you Corona, Drink it!
I know I've asked a few rum-related questions lately, so this should be last: Mount Gay Silver or Meyer's?
Could you imagine if Rodger Goodell was the commissioner of the EPL or UEFA. His head would explode over the goal celebrations.
how much are they? c:
RT : Wine Review: Woodstock Chardonnay 2008: We try the Woodstock Chardonnay 2008 from wines that rock on our food blog......
legit!! She hates me :(
That's a damnable lie! That's a damnable lie!
Nevermind .... realized the links just don't work on an iPhone. All good on the computer. Awesome stuff!
Wow, San Marcos has their own craigslist section. But not New Braunfels.
We can't believe we missed free macaron day! We can't wait to share a ton of tasty garden herbs & veggies w you this season.
pshhh lies! I care! I'm soo thankful we became friends! haha love you
Here I Go Again
JOIN my website plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz :)
Well you're tired, we're being all awkward and weird and our convo makes no sense so? :) <U+2665>
First snow of the year here now
During session planning, librarians were helping distinguishing the library's role in education from Plan B issues.
the behind the sences camera just keeps on pointing at you and haha.
tty'all later.
It's "sponsored stories"... which is a way of re-publishing previous posts and/or likes. Hope it's not to repetitive tho
no worries LOL logos are a touchy project for sure
why must you do it so late ugh fml.
Thank you so much!!!
Gunna miss you take care of the family for me ok? :)
Aight so I got 2 out of 3 things on the to do list accomplished!
Hey there! We are a Master's Program in Digital Media! We'll be in NYC, could we maybe see your space & chat with you?
well I wouldn't need to have to marry a man who will buy me a range rover if my mom wasn't being mean
Michael Madsen is charging $25 for an autograph tonight. There were mini-posters for FREE WILLY, but they were put back in the box.
will do!
Coming tomorrow, Webisode 41: Man Up! With guest stars a-plenty and laughs a-plenty-more.
. I am not. Goodbye Gomer. Maybe we can get Goober to replace him.
Happy Friday, lovebirds! What's on the #wedding planning agenda for this weekend?
7071, 6834, 6984. Poor man trying to get by.
omg so excited!
Thur Dessert: Chocolate Topped Peanut Butter Pie with Banana Ice Cream & Caramel Sauce
WMYB on the radio :D
check your message inbox dollface (: hope u are well love!! I'm gonna be watching your career! You are amazing!!
NYC Printing 123 offers Rush Printing Services. Order your prints as fast as the very same day you place your order. Call NYC Printing...
#NoSleepTilBrooklyn! RT I admit I have listened to the Beastie Boys today.
Like the new logo. Coming soon to WRLC everywhere, or just for Twitter?
Andrea is here
Me too! Clearly this is why we're friends. We're only 2% of the population!
So happy my babe graduated! Just wish I could see him.. # proudofmysailor!
You should learn Pro Tools and Logic, those are the main 2 programs most people use
Party time at #Tropix with my buddy and my beautiful friend
Nothing like a good rat dissection to wake you up
Today I'm with in rooting for the #Penguins. Good to see Sidney Crosby back and playing well.
"everyday flair"
The SEM is really an awesome equipment u can really see some tiny things!
thks for the support bro - spread the word! not yet but am working on it RT New fan. LOVE "Hazy Nights".
happy first day of #spring! #freeritasday :)
*gasp* you wanna kill my husband too.. lol jk
Sometimes family needs put business goals on hold ...
Packin for my trip to Chicago this week. I'm hoping to connect with my Chi-town fam.
“: Not being offended even a little bit when someone calls you a bitch. #TSM” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
The raised $113,000! Congrats to winner , to my partner Katy Beights, and to all the dancers!
#nw Contraband. BORED!
My fauxhawk isn't fauxhawkey enough for me today. Should have used some gel or attended #convergese. Probably the latter.
Really no telling how long I'll watch this show as long as James Spader is involved.
Out of coffee.
Thanks TCM. Appreciate the post! B.A.R.
Thanks, Pal!
Damn. I just realized that my life has become a Gin Blossoms song.
I know, and I was hoping to buy myself something there today.
Love this... "WHAT can i do? what CAN i do? what can I do? what can i DO?
Almost there.
a guy that gets cut multiple times and NO ONE has heard of, then blowing up is unique regardless of race....
Good to have all the boys home for the holidays this year. Next year Bowl bound!
I love hitting greens mitt! O_o
Word on the street is that you still haven't responded to a professional contact...
A word of sports advice my Dad gave me that applies well in business, too: "If you want to get in the game, stand next to the coach."
Working on the complex assignment 1st then the fun assignment. (I'm much more likely to stay awake for fun assignment).
needs a six-figure job/profession. Any suggestions?
Happy Social Media Day!
no problem sweetheart
Dolly sang it first. And better.
Can't Wait to go to Georgia and Ohio .
It's like a fucking jungle in night school. Get me the fuck outttttaaa here.
oh I will have to check it out! I never know when post stuff, thanks for the heads up! :)
Watching the player intros just now reminds me how much I HATE the Knicks!!!
Saw at the movies , I was the one with Rebecca :)
": BREAKING: Disco legend Donna Summer has died; stay tuned for more updates."
"Excess on occasion is exhilarating. It prevents moderation from acquiring the deadening effect of a habit." W. Somerset Maugham
Learning from your own mistakes is the biggest mistake you can make. Carefully observe the stupidity of others and learn from theirs instead
#alumnae RT I'm going to get e-mails from AU for the rest of my life, aren't I?
You have such a big mouth; you could eat a banana sideways.
So many Francophones meeting here. I'm missing French, longing to talk with them--how best to intrude on strangers' conversations?
Grad Bash is in two days and I still don't know what I'm gonna be wearing.
Thanks for the follow. I've been reading City Journal since its very 1st issue. You may also want to check out.
Contestant in Saboten Con Masquerade last night. I did a Bleach skit as an original shinigami character. The crowd cheered.
First thing I do after graduating, perform. Show at 7 in Falls Church, VA
Finally home from Pasadena. Being in LA reminds me of how much I love San Diego
What group projects teach me: 1% the material, 99% how much I hate other people.
Just spent ten minutes with trying to fix the dryer. Turns out it turns on with the other dial. We're literally the dumbest ppl
What important goal are you heading toward?
stop drunk ellipticaling
“: Im just keepin it real lol” lol we hurting right now with no answers smh
It would be my pleasure if you gave me money. Trust me, you may or may not regret it.
My favorite pants are too big
Run for the Arts! Who's in?!? Kids are running on 4/20. DM me if you're able to support. Min rec'd amt is $0.25/lap or $1 bu more is okay :)
Good move.
how much more do the seniors have? It's my sister's last day at CMH.
Equally agreed. RT : I hate hoodies with sport coats
Obama 2012 - anything else would be...uncivilized .
ITS GOOD TO BE BEAUTIFUL ON THE OUTSIDE.., BUT ITS EVEN BETTER WHEN U ARE BEAUTIFUL ON THE INSIDE !!!~
Zombie movies depress me. :/
Thank you for all your support and leadership with Stamp Out Hunger, Scott!
Opening at AOT Gallery last night was PACKED... thank you in #PortTownsend, WA!
If you told me I would someday be cooking a #steakdinner 2 h before a final, I would have told you to get out of town. But look at me today
Oldies are by far the best quality music produced on this planet. End of story.
Mice are cute until they eat the last piece of almond joy in your cupboard
it's a curse.having all that quality at one's disposal and still managing to fuck it all up.
not cheap for a college student! Haha and don't hate! :/
yeah and thanks. Lol
Gallery Night AND woot!
thanks for the birthday tweet!
He who knows me knows this. lol RT : uhmmmm, man you say faded. Lol.
No homo
Great to connect with you Ruben!
I meant 'an extra couple. . .' (not 'and extra couple)
just sent off Bell Italia NYC YHMA marathon program 8 Scarlatti 6 Pag. Berio solo and with Zaira, Vivaldi now to get it all to next level!
is using Rush to pathologize reverie. I'm now trying to think about relationship between wonder (via Sizemore) & reverie.
“: I'll be tonight with and 8 o crock and 10 o crock.” I'll be at one of the crocks!
Man she was a beast back in her day look her up
Judith Sherman: Producer of the year, thanks the composers! We say, "Thank you!"
IM B WITH DESERT “: twitter feels so empty without ”
Welcome to Denver!
Photography Workshop with ! It's about time I learn to catch great photos of my baby!...
You'd think by now they would have fixed the elevator on
no~i have to go school...now i will go to the bed!:)
cant wait for tomorrow
#NATO #NIGHTMARE #Staycation #outoftheloop police state .. wow
He was actually happy on the flight. And slept a lot! (But I did have to bounce him in the Ergo, pretty much nonstop).
Waking up to Set It Off.
Go donate to for his team in Walk Now for Autism Speaks in Nashville!
so simple, yet potential for masterpiece in your hands!
you should do an episode in Kentucky lol carter county Kentucky
Where are the southern new jersey Ques. Holla at me
I've got that "If you're gonna dig a hole, call Okie" jingle in my head like a mind virus. Damn.
the only time i saw any of you guys besides david was when you guys were on stage :( but next time, its going down.
well I'll be sure to come keep you some company :)
love the post!
Global Race Club to Host Drag Racing Competition - MarketWatch (press release)
Im pissed tf off frfr ppl get on my nerves..
Watching Sunday's episode tonight! SO JACKED
DaddySwag will be giving some pretty sweet #Swag away at #SXSWi .. Stay tuned...
It's time for Friday. Very rude to make me wait another day.
Yeah, you don't want to be sleeping all day w/ nothing to do when u wake up around 6pm :p So get ya butt up and work!!! lol
if i said it i meant it Figga..... we all in.... everythings Taylor'd ......
Pullups? Pushups? Air squats? What's the best body weight strength exercise for #traithlon training?
is this your girl?!
I just might!
Friday the 13th Check .. Running around the House with No House Shoes on Check .. Bust Baby Toe Wide Open Check <-- Hey is that My Blood?
When old Filipino couples argue..then one of them starts cursing in English o.o that means they're furious!
Would it be OK to ask for time...anytime...most times...these times are a changin'... instead of gifts this holiday season? studio time!
For those that have a Chihuahua or other small breed dog, is your pooch trained to use the potty outdoor, or do you use potty pads?
Yes, you are entered, David. Good luck, and thanks!
"Editors do not make housecalls." Love that quote, Harold Underdown.
Fun Fact of the Day: A cow gives nearly 200,000 glasses of milk in her lifetime!
I am so bored. Entertain me somebody(;
Yeah!!! Great Game. Now we wait to see what will happen to R Colts re; Manning Any Thoughts Ray?
Fuck Y.O.L.O. it's all about F.I.S.H. "Fuck it shit happens"
Gotcha bro. Just look us up at the event. We'll have a table set up selling.
I saw two great #streetart pieces this morning. Stay tuned for pics to follow this afternoon!
"One time my brother got shot by a clown" ~Cat Valentine
i am flying high of bitch!! If you dont like what i say Fuck You!! lol
Bill Self claims Tyshawn means a lot to the history of KU's program, yet he's been kicked off the team and reinstated multiple times
I could be a gentlemen. If you're worth treating with respect.
Social organism as work of art- every community member is a creator. - Joseph Beuys
Why you gotta tempt me like that?
have a passionately romantic scene together, but not homo
Finally feel rested after crazy week.
Hope all you FAC Heads had a great day! Stop on in tomorrow and snag up some 4g eighths all day!!!
Girls, if a guy pauses a video game to text you back... marry him, if not, wtf are you doing there!?!!? Lol
Ice cubes the name,
So excited for #BELIEVE! I can't even contain my excitement!
hehehe i look like a lamo bc i got glasses.... no contact lenses.
To love and to be loved. That is all.
well you are my Girlfriend <U+2665>
doing important planning work. Taps into members collective intelligence to solve today's urban challenges.
Feelin lucky today
Another preseason draw last night for If you're in GH and not using the phrase #RCTID update your vocabulary ASAP
no game
bahahhaha you guys are too much! I love it :) miss you guys!!
Feet in the creek. Drinking a snapple.
I am watching Ghost Hunters.
If you're in the Anchorage, AK area tomorrow night, catch at Lone Star Steakhouse from 9pm-11pm. Definitely a must-see show!
dat hoe got the rite one .
wait nvm he was in a couple of my classes lol i just didnt remember the name never talk to him tho
was the flash deal a smashing success? It was an awesome deal
Connecting consumer demographic info combined with coupon redemption is the holy grail for retailers.
ef need to do laundry today
Last minute change on the air - I am on TONIGHT - 8-10pm EST SHirim at www.wcuw.org - stream it live - Jewish music - its a beach party!
I got to let everyone know! Only if they get it though.
THIS IS THE ONLY DAY IT IS ACCEPTABLE TO USE PINK BATS!
In 10 minutes it'll be 10 minutes closer to Opening Day...
really, really need someone to go to NYC with me for on tomorrow morning. I will just die if I dont go.
<3 you make my life better.
Join a lunchtime twitter chat on the subject of social media and museums
DO SQUIRRELS EAT DONUTS?..HMM..OH WELL, I'LL TRY..WE DO DRINK COFFEE..AND A DONUT COVERED WITH NUT?!..MIGHT WRK..F/S..
Haha(: thanks for following.
told you what?
do you have a soft collar?
It is better to give than to receive.
cannot stop thinking about #deathofasalesman on broadway. Phil Hoffman and Co. like a house fell on my head
I think it's a Colombian mom thing haha my mom does it all the time! Even if they live here..She thinks they can't hear her <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
apparently i got tea bagged today in fourth block . . . . . .
We'll be in NYC in April, any recommendations on restaurants we can get something healthy? Or that you'd like us to blog about?
So, is Fo Thai still in business this fine morning?
Im wondering the same Fucking thing!
HELL YEAH!!!
2013 NBA All-star game in Houston!
Coming to a Hallmark near you. RT #mama my nigga
thanks for publishing a book so very worth reading, and rereading
I cant get to sleep.
Glad to follow
The awkward moment when your friends make plans right in front of you, and the plans don't include you.
$20 college word, doc!
sitting here chilllin,
Got an upset stomach? Treat it with ginger, which also helps prevent and treat the common colds with its antiviral components.
I don't believe this is a real account Barack
Did you miss 60 Minutes on Sunday? Dr. Sanjay Gupta worked with the AHA to talk about the dangers of sugar consumption. Check it out!...
Being an honorary Paravel-ian on Texas Independence Day. It can't get much better, can it? cc/
so does the homer, guys that can't quickly get off the ground are athletic persona.
HAHAHAHA! Well, does it?
GO FUCK YOUR SELF WERE PAYING 50 $ A YEAR AND WE GET IT LATE! GO FUCK YOUR FUCKING SELF
gettin that paper
Oh dear lord, why did they wheel the poor Beach Boys out?
I dislike the Sonics, but hate the Mavs more.
Up 6 with 1:16 to go. This close to the sweet 16
and held me hostage in the Theatre lobby for a solid 45 minutes this evening.
Thanks Derek - I've been at this too long not to reveal that this work is tough, time consuming, and always needing more!
Bitch :D
U only have limitations bc u set them
Thanks Pastor, thank you for all you do.
Congrats Gaels! Let's see if Murray St., ODU or Ohio can follow their lead.
"Live in a constant state of expectancy, & leave room for God to come in as He decides." O. Chambers. If we look 4 Him, God will show up.
I'm not sure, what can you do?
Need To Find Something To Do With myself For These Next Few Days...
good ! On my second week at a new job.. Big company and big opportunities so I'm pumped !
Thanks for the tip :-)
your new avi is unsettling.
It's the most wonderful time of the year.
RT : Congratulations to Jered Weaver on no-hitter. And Chris Iannetta for calling it
Flag football with the kids. Great sat morning
Got to witness the proposal between two people I don't know last night at the lampposts outside LACMA. She said yes.
she is a pretty one. You guys rock. Can't wait for more music in Austin!
when did you get so sensitive? somebody is getting old.
Hey City Gear has great deals this weekend ,take an extra 20% off all red tag Shoes!!!!! and Apparel!!!!
Landry or bust? If we can't grab him - looks like Barron in 1st. We'll trade down to around 25th?
Ppl say it's never too late, but that's not true. Do what u can, while u can. Today is never promised tomorrow.
i want some cookie dough ice cream !! ^_^
"Google Talk" is the old name for the IM piece in your GMail account. It used to be separate, but now it's bundled-in with GMail.
HEY!! t.A.T.u.'s still the shit, kk?
sweet tea is my addiction. OMG HAVE YOU EVER TRIED FRIED OREOS? They're the best
hit that follow button
Sony Ericsson TM506 (Glendale) $30 - Waterproof Your IPhone ...
We just started on the Walk!
Wish i had something to do !!!
lmfao! Im so weak
Ah, Ms. Barbara. *resting my hands on the ropes bound around your ankles* How are you?
looking for an artist to host Ghetto Hope Mixtapes Vol.2 get with me @ or ...ONLY!!!
went for a quick dinner! What are you up to this weekend??
Yeah, whats the heavy weightclas #'s?
It's about the rings... and the Lakers got plenty #BelieveDat! :-)
Work those pipes!
Hi , thanks for connection to We're excited to talk w/ Chris and others soon. Right after we wrap Kickstarter!
- howd you pull that off??
Okay listen up followers. I'm trying to get something trending so don't mind my spam of tweets. and if you do mind then unfollow ;__; buhbye
Malta and blunts.
Just found out there will be a Purdue party going on at Carey Tavern on Saturday @ 10pm when we go on. So wear your favorite gear!
Thank you! (: That's exciting! :p
I really want to be a geisha for Halloween, but my eyes are round and I'm almost 6 feet tall.
Any AH experts on iconography in the Ghent Altarpiece? Looking at symbols in the floor pattern...
Clippers vs Grizzlies in Game 7. Who Do You Got?
RT : Today Louisiana turns 200! On this date in 1812, the Territory of Orleans became the 18th state.
You can take a shot at a player. Its okay. Just admit when you're doing it
you do? Lol
JUST HEARD 11:11 on PANDORA RADIO!!!! AH!! STILL ON!!! YOUR VOICE IS INSPIRING! I love you! Mahomie for life! Make a wish<U+2764>
I never realized how much I missed her until my balls were deep in her mouth...
I like to think of myself as a less annoying, slightly less fly, Chinese version of Tom Haverford.
Seattle's Best is the best coffee. That's why 'best' is in their name.. BAM
Aw your so LUCKY did u ask for a follow back :)
Man...when I break my glasses, I BREAK my glasses! 2nd pair that I have dropped in the street and gotten run over...
Good to see at Fenway's Annual CDC mtg. I wanted to ask your results of 2 years of food trucks. Ready for Fashion Trucks?!
well time to start untaging myself from all the ridiculous prom pictures
Case study: Exam technique - Emily Campbell - Belfast Telegraph
your opinion on #breastfeeding is misguided and really ignorant...to compare it to public urination shows how dumb you are.
i love you too <3
2 weeks and then a week of exams then I'm out.
exactly why is your poker down? Very frustrated working with the service after once again.
Haha oh yeah, always more fun to look forward to!
Did you read all the books? I liked them all and am seeing the movie this week.
Been watching this movie for 20 mins and already crying!
Just had my first consultation with this Russian woman ... So sexy ... But ... Bitch doesn't have health insurance ... No thanks.
Wait for this summer
Am realizing that my race outfit is noticeably devoid of tutus, silly hats, and trash bags.
Meant to be going to Zayn Malik's hometown on Friday :) .. Happy Happy Happy ... Anyways Hey YOU BEAUTIFUL Mahomies <3 ~Leanne<21
Warm, breezy night in the desert. Not bad at all.
I'd kill someone for tater tots right now. How does this happen every time I drink alcohol?
Yes, I did vote on a photo. Thanks for another great #CTConf conference!
explanation? were you wandering around running into things while watching dev videos?
Peace and blessings!
Psalm 27:14 "Trust in the Lord. Have faith, do not despair. Trust in the Lord."
Hunger Games and 21 jump Street were so bad. We have a good movie . American Reunion is great.
Fun fact: Robert B. Glenn, the only N.C. governor to hail from Winston-Salem, was the driving force behind Prohibition in N.C.
Big game next Saturday our first home game vs Texas Tech. Will you be attending?
i cant wait for this bet
Cool! Glad you like it!
Slowly but surely killing myself at work by means of paper cut!!!
Ha! Okay that one made me laugh, hilarious. Both what he's doing and you're reaction.
babysit my niece n her cuzzos
Check out the Brass Monkey in West Allis WI - Great Food and Good Times! Milwaukee
the live version of angry birds was fucking awesome! Maybe try real birds next time.
Putting a post-it on my monitor each night about what my next task is on each project is proving to be majorly helpful in the morning.
Good Morning!!! It is an Elvis Costello kind of day!
sounds good to me! Triple double helix? Haha
You too!
shoot I missed it!
Are u crazy You will 4ever be the
If its still raining after school my dad gone come pick me up ,
So this goes out to the ones that fall in love!!!!
Its hot as mf outside dam
i literally have never seen those kids in my life.
I miss my cousins and :(
I'm opening up for Jesse Johnson formerly of The Time this thursday at Londzell's in Atlanta/Roswell. 8pm Join me there!
OR I will not let my kid near DVR remote
I've heard several people complain about this.. do you have a preferred way of visualizing text data?
was granny num?
Today @ Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park: It's A Best Of. Let's take a train ride. Today at Noon on KSLX
sad, his own family member tho?
Is he serious..
Have you joined Twitter during #CLbrT2012? Don’t forget to pick up your Twitter Sticker at TweetStations to share your name!
RT : As if you didn't already know, we added NEW mixes yesterday!
<<<< tweeting while taking a shit
all 3 of us need to go.
" Flamingos are pink because they eat shrimp."
$22 For a sexy Brazilian Bikini Wax at Viva Brazil ($45 Value) leaves you feeling so fresh and so clean!
thanks for the follow!!Loving the eye candy on your web site!!
So far, only 1 has been proved to do anything wrong. Also, only one of them initiated their investigation. Can you see this bias?
It should be alright. We can't have any more foolishness, lol
I fight with the judges way too much when I watch
Phones are back up :) Call and schedule your appointments today!
Happy International Women's Day!
#NowPlaying - How we do
For live tweets of relevant fact-checks from tonight's #wirecall debate,
For your birthday, you need a hammock. :)
U know i love u more than my luggage, Pud! Xoxoxo RT : my WonderTwin GOT IT!!! xoxoxo
Gas pedal is on the right
I would like to vote for
AWP people! The A Face to Meet the Faces anthology is available at the Barn Owl Review/U. Akron Press table at the book fair, C25
we ( ) definitely missed you in the office today!
#GetCurveAppeal ?! They sell curve at K-Mart. It's the gift set they don't lock up. The only good thing about K-Mart was icee and chp. 11
: you look good in that pic... -- thank you love!
It's time.
How to destroy Catholics - Step 4. Regulate & shut down their bank accounts, as what JP Morgan Chase did
That bot is a P-I-G pig.
you ever just sit and think about all the possibilities that are in front of you?
Thank you to the Samuel J Friedman Theatre for letting people in early so we don't freeze :)
No asp in VFFS. TE fistula seen on BASW well below trach. In hindsight, not sure why we did the video.
The sun continues to shine.
I will def watch Moneyball! Congrats to Geelong for their AFL Cups, three is a magic number, yes, it is, it's a magic number!
We like to keep our guests informed that they can get coffee later in the evening. 7pm may be late for many people to have coffee.
Please be more specific with ur attacks on , we've got enough rhetoric to deal with
What said; in my experience it was (like orals) a fundamentally underwhelming experience.
omg thats so cool!!! :) thanks so much for tellin me
Tweeting in school because im awesome like that ;^)
YaYkeep your dreams intact
spoiler alert >.<
Yes. RT If people can't do something themselves, they're gonna say YOU can't do it. If you want something go get it
lol. lots of finn loving on rachels you know what with his tongue. LOTS of it. okay. thanks.
That patriotism statement re libs may be true IF one defines patriotism as blindly following scary people.
Dm me your email
Isn't it kind of cute? I will let you know how it goes and if I can make more :) Looking into patterning a peplum skirt!
Calories equal recovery
It's Coo Cause I'ma Make My Way San Antonio Texas & Hopefully I See A Spur Out Running & Shit .
RT : RT RT IF YOU DON'T STAND BEHIND OUR TROOPS, PLEASE, FEEL FREE TO STAND IN FRONT OF THEM.
i was not made to be a poet mr. kent. i can't do a 20 line poem.
Taste testing the chocolate I brought home to make sure it traveled ok. ; )
no, you tweeted it and didn't say it at all. I hope you know how fun it is to piss you off ahaha
Last night my Made in Italy house privee was awesome. Playhouse became my new second house LoveIt <3
Eating a Lean Cuisine and it's ridiculously good.
Every day is a game. You have to decide if you are a peg on the board, or the spinny thing. Or dice. Or the goofy kid on the box.
Great week of classes!! Great group of creative actors working on their craft, WHILE working in the business.
we are totally missing you here in Austin and more importantly, in Chicago Digital. Keep up the good fight ...
People making shit up on net. Small price for living one's dreams.
Working on several bequests for the College. Thankful for all those who possess charitable intent and a philanthropic spirit!
well I guess your holiday shopping is finished then...
so hows this all working for you ?? lol
can i please be your FOTM i'd literally die i love you so much! xoxo <3
Will do! M coffee. Already looking forward to tomorrow morning now. ;) -b
Eminem Chrysler commercial was way better. :) see you at #blogchatliveSXSW again this year?
Ok If you got a DM from me then don't belive it because I didn't send it someone went on my account and sent all of them!!! Thanks!!!
New twitcon doe
thank you. Would love to have you here next time!
#InMyHeart Mitt, Grinch and Sanctorem are legends in their own shorts.
got a personalized email from doug basically saying drop partnering or fail #yadig?
We all know rocks -- but does anyone have a alternative cloud-based note-taking tool for students?
#FF BIG help to me the past few months! Does things for Gov't. I think she's a spook really ;)
I think I might be sore tomorrow.. going to hard in
Heading to for a couple tonight! Then another day of bicycles tomorrow.
Sometimes writers write. Sometimes writers file and sort their writing. Tonight is the latter.
Watching Only 30 minutes in & it was the kick I needed.
“: Forget fantasy football. I want to see Matty stafford on his back crying in this game” that's y I benches him and put in
Hearing Gwen Smith from share her personal #foodallergy story. Very nice to have her come speak to the leaders!
I knew I was hacked when I began receiving spam from my own email address. Please advise if you still receive spam from "me."
Walter Paytons daughter.....not bad. Not bad at all.
Having been a #StayAtHomeMom to my 5 children was the hardest AND most rewarding job EVER!!!
My favorite producer in the game is . I say that respectfully to all the legends.
I wont give up on us , even if the skies get roughh im givinnn you all my lovee <3
he stole my ipod
Must admit I was hoping for something different. I can't pinpoint what. Maybe over Franzen, or perhaps Shakespeare authorship.
Idk how all these gay one direction followers got in my newsfeed. But they definitely have to go.
Lost something? You didn't need it anymore.
Ford F-150 Pickup
Mario kart on n64.
Rural Africa
Good questions from Ron and Tyler during the q&a at
Za'atar not just a great word.
Wis. Assembly to take up bill Tuesday stopping potential expansion of voucher program to Green Bay, elsewhere.
Luxury handbag spa opens in Dubai - The National
oh I know. All about their actions #NurseUp!
: Poop in the water supply causes 10% of the world's communicable diseases
Just wiki'd Susan Surandon to see how old she is... she's 65... FYI
I'll be bringing our dress to Iceland. Can't promise a pic of it on a glacier, but who knows?
An I going to jail tonight?
I'm doing the exact same thing. What am I doing?
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible. Keep Smiling.
just finished 'Disintegration' on kindle for blackberry - great read! Now I can put it down and get on with my life.
shake shake baby
Can Indiana, really celebrate, winning over us with no Dwight Howard, I mean cmon, no way they win the series if we had him.
The Clippers are in our backyard now. Make this one count
yeah i hear ya but dont see ya.
Happy Day Colorado! We rent and sell copiers. We look forward to working with your company. 303-778-0600
Bellator Fights Friday Nights Season 6 Premieres Friday, March 2nd LIVE on MTV2 and EPIX
Is Dr. Who exactly like Inspector Spacetime? If so, you guys are the nerdiest nerds that ever nerded.
And its over....
954 Followers huh? We're moving on up! Still need to get to 1,000!!!
Star Mentors is excited to support the Wounded Warrior Project. Goto www.starmentors Com. Support our brave men and women.
rise and shine!!!
Shoutout to for being a bitch. #lotsoflove <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
yum! that looks so delicious!
Someone come rub this BUNYUN for me , So I REALLY KNOW IT'S REAL !
Just because your close with my man don't mean we can't be friends. You still spot game before. I got my man that's all I need <3
First home bout of the season! Rhode Island Riveters against Steel City Derby Demons! March 20th, doors @ 2pm, bout @ 3pm, RICC!!
Tebow tackled 13x behind line of scrimmage. 13?! Why that's just like Jesus + 12 apostles!
Lmao at guys who constantly ask for pictures.
and they still do call you that xD
People that just wont leave you alone…<<<<
oh alright.
follow for me please!!!!! very cool person right here!! :D
the Y
Knock a soul-sucking demon troll into a fan?
oh, snap.
"I heard you're a player. Nice to meet you. I'm the coach" <-----whatcha thing ?
Having an argument in the office on who gets to buy a certain Cavalli dress on - the boss lady wins!
That is so great!
circumstances if a guy is looking at a million years or something
discontent is at the essence of creativity
they did that to me on cinco de mayo. AFTER I ATE DINNER THERE. theyre evil.
Now that's what I'm talking about!
love Hernandez. The handoffs are great! Wish broncos threw the ball more. Game plan is not good
“: Ladies and gents, commence operation #Hammertime” agreed
just saw - good stuff haha
i watched it tuesday it was good buddy no doubt
Tip #184: LOVE IS NOT SAFE and it can't be tamed but pure love is everything good and worthwhile!
Chill, chill ,chill:)
I don't think I want to live life in two directions, but it seems like a crime to let go of something so good.
Its almost time! Hope youre coming on Sunday!
So many papers. I'm positive I didn't state that I wanted to be writer.
Pl Rt : Top Casting Director Shares His Secrets For Booking The Job. Monday March 5th . Save your spot.
We bring You the BEST prices for Domestic & International Travel.Go to: www.FreeXpedia.com for ALL Your Traveling needs! Save Time & Money!
Miami Marlins season win totals has been set by the Las Vegas sportsbooks. Currently the Marlins total is 84.5 -115
The Oh Snap video had me laughing out loud :)
#houston Web-based Business Resilience Rating System CONVENTIONAL RATINGS As a result of the global financial meltdown and economic
it sure as shit was. would've been great to have y'all there. can't wait to play with and get fucked up w/ you guys again.
Trayvon Martin gets killed, and now all of ya'll turn into goddamn Medgar Evers. Please GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE
we were so close:(
#AmericanHorrorStory is amazing. I love it so, so much.
l'enfant plaza station,dc. ambos and helicopters. hope everyone is ok!
McDowell: Baker was turned over for head of SCLC "I was female, old, didn't have a PhD" but she sought no public fame. She worked with Doers
Babson has the #1 entrepreneurship MBA in the US and markets it as such. MIT is a center for innovation which IMO breeds entrep
#BandsILove ONE DIRECTION!! BIG TIME RUSH <3
#NowFollowing A big fan just like myself. Give her a follow, everybody =) You won't be disappointed.
Check out these photos from Bacchanal: Night on the Nile! Over 250 folks had a fun evening of food, drink, and good times withEmory's...
"You are, in this moment, the sum total of all that you are, have been, and the potential of your complete becoming."
being a mom is the cheekiest thing a woman can be. happy #mothersday to all the beautiful mamas out there, especially the best one... mine.
Electronic Cigarette starter kits have been literally reduced by half price, to make room for our e-liquid line!WWW.GENXVAPOR.COM
Bummed I missed you earlier!
Hope everyone is having a Good First Friday
fuck im fucken sobbing. omg. my babies. im fucken omg. im wathcing them like make it big time omg omg omg
it was all allen!
Don’t fall mindlessly into complicated traps that are designed only to steal your joy.
Thanks for the great customer service !
Meh... Hard choice... But Brent, because he did not burn me XD
I hate when like, some semi-famous person I follow RTs another semi-famous person.. and I'm like woah narcissists, like get off my TL, god.
Girls have an unfair advantage over men: If they can’t get what they want by being smart, they can get it by being dumb.
My Name is A Pimp Named Slickback, It's like A Tribe Called Quest, you say the whole thing!
you are a great audience. I'll keep going. You keep laughing and u will be at 12000 soon enuff
better than someone who openly opposes it.
Hotel internet charges are insane. Thank goodness for iPhone personal hotspot!.
duh-am, i be full.
Homie and men in film no doubt
WINNER #2 is now closer than ever and it's going to be College Basketball...
…and wallet ;-)
Nice and warm today, how are you cooling down?
The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly...any good?
So 29 seconds ago.....
all of your classes get cancelled anyways lol :)
#3WordsOfAdvice don't save her...
would be proud. RT : Thanks to & , I absolutely have to watch Stand By Me this weekend.
The great Baltimore earthquake. Scary
Ohmyfuckingbitch....this game. I'm about to die. LET'S FUCKING GO LAKERS!!!
Just started a list! RT : Had a dream last night that I was en route to #mlanet12 and left all needed papers, reports, etc. at home.
Survived Floatopia San Diego. Now it's time to close the legal loophole to stop the floating drunks circumventing the beach alcohol ban!
Still wanna skype?
pants down
Pull the other one, it's got bells on RT : Newson says release has "absolutely nothing" to do with timing of recall election
RT : Tremendously excited to have coming to give the first talk at on Nov. 2! [THIS!]
I hope the woman sitting next to me on the bus paid for
Don't forget tomorrow is the last day to mail in your voter registration form. Adrian Fenty for Mayor!
Teen looking for "Romeo & Juliet or romance." We had some communication issues.
William Shakespeare
Tired of shitty artists winning
Will Bush get enough touches to be a low end RB2 in a PPR league?
Thanks for following dude, have an awesome weekend. Toke it up! :)
It's about to be a crazy rest of the month!
and I are fielding offers for pick 1.29 in
"s/he" is to "he or she" as ______ is to "click or tap"
TMZ has Michael Jackson ordering hit on "older brother Randy," with photo of the "Idol" judge. Uh, nope...though MJ had a younger bro Randy.
Can't wait to dress up like LEPRACHAUNS and get genuinely weird with my boys
Thank you!!
Oh one of those. Hope your day gets better stud, and keep in mind those that you can actually tolerate! ;-P
Cheers! RT : Better late than never. Just put my money where my mouth is and joined National Council on Public History
me? Pft. Never(;
YES, the pancakes are a thousand times better. Service out of the kitchen is still deathly slow however but food was better.
Cool social media site!
<---- Him just ended up talkin ( cause I was transferred ) to the darn CFO of the SF Library system ( Ova some minor issues)
well I will help..ill be home around that time
^tl And we have some great ones so come on by for a side or an order...
Hi, ! I'll be living in St. Johns in about a week. Hope to meet you one day! Thanks for the intro,
She taught @ Southwest Junior & Rancho Del Rey Middle. Must be a saint having taught 6th-8th graders every day! :)
YAH MY MOMMA GT ME A JET BLACK POCKET KNIFE (: colecror edition (: LOVE HER
Opening up your Mail? You are 69% More likely to open it up if there are color graphics & Text on the front!
I'm so excited for Christmas..Can't wait to go shopping on Friday!!
it's ok heather I just feel terrible
Having the funniest yet most terrifying time watching Paranormal Activity 3. This movie is
well I need you to take a picture of me as good as I took of you!!
ITSOKAY I APPRECIATE THE OFFER
Stevie made me spit wine on my MAC!
Thank you - we heart you :)
WorldStar be shaking!
You're welcome! Thanks for the post on the #FNAM's Season 5 lineup! :)
sick!ya when i was backstage for Of Mice and Men, I was chillin right next time him,and his Girlfriend(at the time)
Plot plot theme plot BOO theme BOO BOO theme despair chase BOO BOO BOO CLIMATIC BOO kiss end.
RT : Happening today:Lake County Art Festival, Secret Gardens of Wauwatosa Tour, Gathering on the Green www.milwaukee-home.com
"Spring Training 1-Month-P Special" Don't miss out on our premium #Rays ST coverage. $7.95 for 2 months ain't bad.
No matter what happens in life, be good to people. Being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind. ~ Taylor Swift
just like The Rock had a new tat on his left wrist that wasn't his notes for his promo against Cena.
good point. They said April, then "spring", then I said "Soon? Please?"
I've had my twitter since May of 09 0_o
What shall I play tonight on snes? Mario world, mario world 2 yoshi's island, or contra 3 alien wars?
it's my birthday and a bad weather, I hate it I want summer back :( :D
followed you babe! :) xx #1DFamily for life!!
happy birthday its kinda cool we have the same birthday!:)
Aww...thanks Macho...lol. Happy V Day to you as well. From one Aquarius to the next
I took a benadryl and my codeine and I'm still wide awake?!
I really fuck wit the art work to btw...
I was pretty ecstatic when my favorite rapper messaged me and told me to email him.
getting ready to talk to #suny folks about the SUNY Learning Network #SLN #SLNed and
Didn't know "Grammy" is a nickname for gramophone. If I had only stopped & thought about it...
The one about you and lance bass? Lol
i will miss tweeting. Won't be the same. Have a good time at your moms. Don't forget to tweet me up when you get back.
I have the life of a 35 year old housewife. I cleaned the house, did laundry, made dinner, and then cleaned up after dinner.
Albert Einstein: Logics will get you from A to B, imagination will take you everywhere
#orioles bullpen has 1.58 ERA, 1.08 ERA if you take out Kevin Gregg
Google’s Social Network (Orkut) Gets More Musical
I have no idea?
I can do so much better,
stalking your youtube like a boss *_*
Have you seen the See No More music video yet?
The band Phoenix is too good. I'm going to try & see them Wednesday but it's an all-ages, early show. I may be too old to get there in time.
close enough to walk to, far enough not to be able to walk to on a whim. Ideal.
that's a waste of money and time
Glad you're excited. We are as well! See you next week.
I dream about the randomest ppl sometimes...
You looked fine today ha.
Use your discount code by midnight tonight for entry discount Loverunning monumentalmarathon.com
CLUTCH! #Royals!
Shut up, alexis. I love sleep :(
Hey! Yeah, Twitter was boring without baseball!
so did yo mama like her mother's day gift??
Happy Mothers Day to my mama, I don't know where I'd be without her <U+263A>
You finally got a twitter page
and wow Lamar Miller still available??? Kid is definitely going to be a starting NFL RB. Great value in round 4.
I'm mad I just got to school lmao
I'm outta here
So tired. Blah. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Just took advantage of a last minute holiday special
Bronson steps down from jury box, shows jury her SCRAM ankle bracelet, monitors alcohol level. Had it 1,063 days. No violations.
so being an astute anslyst is riding? ya'll need to stop doing overnights... brain getting cooked!!!
We in this Mothaf* tonight lockland bar an grill its gettin thick GPS it an get here now !!!
Hearing songs that remind u of 1 of best ex's ever... But not so much anymore cuz that person understands u than any1 else in ur life...
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
it's hard to watch downton abbey without blowing kisses at the tv.
actually he doesn't notice us very often cause when he says beliebers are sexy I know he ain't talking bout us boys haha
I feel like I'm officially the only gay boy that doesn't queen out when Call Me Maybe starts playing
Getting back to my room and its actually cold and the ac is actually on
the part where they're not having sex.
Sadly I have a growler of coffee porter filled on 12/23 I never got a chance to drink. Is the growler a goner? :(
Thanks :) Have a good night girly!
Golic dont b a jerk, some of us lowly fans don't get a chance at big game tickets. Put best players on floor!
You weirdo!lol
i see
Turned off the Star Wars marathon so not to ruin the twist for my kids for the first time they really watch it. That's the kind of dad I am.
Hi ladies, I'm in your back yard! Thinking of Issaquah for an early dinner. Suggestions? :)
I'd have to self-identify, which I never ever do. I think the whole voter file was mailed. Expensive. But you tell me. :)
#quiznos always hits the spot
" I don't have EX's. I have Y's- Like... "Y the fuck did I date you?"" << goodshit YES!
Imma do this sh#t myself....Fu~k your help....
I've mostly shied away fromthat myself lately, but I've seen you post x party activism yourself on FB & Twitter.
Harry potter joke on Free Agents, hilarious!
This coffee place loves mobile and has already processed 42 million mobile payments.
You just made it all better! Thank you<3
And David Marfil was in a frat stance.
"But I always say, one's company, two's a crowd, and three's a party.. and February 4th is Speaking Of!" -revised quote by Andy Warhol
2/3 tht he is writing her life story and all of us r here to help him write it and that we love her and for her to never give
lo l you didn't see what I RT'd before that. A zodiac thing said cancers are chocoholics. I don't like chocolate that much
Dammit someone just pulled the plug!
Chicago, IL- need female for sports magazine shoot. Nudity involved. Pay is 1,000 dollars. (Casting Code B3)
vote button is live, consolidation happening tomorrow. Half way there!
If you have questions regarding our Spring Grant Cycle, please contact Mary Valadez:
it happened to me. professional said it was my bulls championships dreams.
Another bright side of the Duvall news: at least his dating prospects for the foreseeable future look pretty bleak.
wait I meant Sunday haha
haha I followed you.....doing the stalker. Haha jk.
also i have just found a nice purple sheet i bought a while back and i dont know whether to incoprate it into my outfit for tonight..
Something Somewhere by Someone!
It is fast come up on nesting season! Have you checked your roof vents to be sure no feathered friends are moving in?
elbow was unintentional! stern will give him 5 at least cause of reputation.
Cumulus hires WW1's Dennis Green as SVP of Affiliate Sales & Broadcast Ops. WW1 ups Max Krasny to SVP/GM of Ent. Division & Affiliate Sales.
I LOVE MONDAYS YA OH YA OH YAA
What grade will you be teaching?
Ending pride weekend by watching Tony's
"CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg single JUICED UP on youtube, I follow back got you tell some friends we tOwW uP, HELP!!! us gain more fans THANKS...
Never turn your back on someone cuz u never know if u going to need them or never see them
I opened a box of PB Sandwiches, but the Caramel deLites are calling my name.
Excited about the upcoming session on managing growth.
It's not about the smile you wear but the way we make out
Check out collusion.toolness.org - find out which companies are tracking you in a visual map. Works only in
definitively! lets do it...
thanks man i appreciate it, excited for next saturday!
Thanks for the RT! Voting ends at midnight tonight..we need a strong lead so we can play the Hard Rock!
Don't you just hate the spam that goes around on twitter!?!?
Let's all tweet Austin "MERRY CHRISTMAS AUSTIN!" :D
“: Sometimes I forget to say that I love you, but baby please know that I do. -Jason Aldean”
they going hard on akatas in my tl Lmao
Great, thanks! I'll look for it!
lol i am
Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves
you are not a fan either?
I will have two grilled cheese waiting for both of you on the 7th. Maybe a side salad with ranch hah
thanks!!! We have that song available for download and a ringtone too If you ever want it..thanks for listening!
: Media Center...
I even asked around. They said it should b cool but seemed to b not sure though
If Gringrich wins the Republican nomination and election, will he make Romney go live in a colony on the moon?
thank you!!
on The Score right now! Check it out on Mile High Sports Radio AM1510...
hey can you put a link to the videos i cant find them??!
Miami's refs won't let them down
. More than one person sporting Orioles gear here. I've got my Sosa authentic home jersey on hand at
Hi Group- This is my first time to #lrncht. I am a graduate student at Northeastern University studying Corporate and Organizational Comm.
I'm not sure. If someone is trying to put one together I think they should do that too. I'd love to be a part of it!
*Note* 'being a good boss means hiring good people and then getting out of their way (in most cases)' - overheard
I wrote a very terrible thee-paragraph story. It was after midnight, but before going to bed. That counts, right? :-P
i luv that reggae spice, it makes me feel like im flyin
surprises for each other keep it fresh. Keeps the love flowing. spoils me. Im blessed
McD's should put Mac sauce on a cheeseburger and sell it as a Small Mac. You heard it here first, folks.
Fo sho man. ": Let's DO IT": Schoolboy Q June 21 who's riding with me?""
Six months from now we will have another historic election.
that's good. How come your loosing friends.?
damn it damn it..#Syracuse! still got love for my orange!
oh my goodness ! I am so not a morning person <U+E058> but i got a party later on tonighht <U+E328> so it's al god ! <U+E056>
you should have taken me with you!!
I get to be Dan then
nah man. i see YOU bringing the crown to Chicago.
Follow on KeeK!
I guess we now know what 'excelsior' is in reference to.
I can't wait for my day off, I need to catch up on some sleep!
Vermont's a great country too..
Anyone have a git gui that they like? I want to use git, but I really don't like command line.
“: Any snowboard fans ?!” I'm a fan of any sport bro!
it's Zumba on crack lol you can YouTube it to see clips and imagine doing that for an entire hour w no breaks.
TeAmo<U+2665> Matt Hunter:)
did anyone else watching the giants game see the ticker and assume it was an amber alert for betty white?
No. Wasn't really feasible. Cheaper to stay around here, plus we got coverage of Maine whenever they came down.
Are we going back to 55 MPH? The EPA wants us to... what do you think?? Join the conversation at CatalystBusinessRadio .com
mysterious fly appears out of nowhere.
They call me Moses.
Unwinding with ' "Make My"
Thanks for a great first 30 years lord
Text would be nice ((:
WE LOVE YOU IN GH
it was so hot and with the 8 songs I sang and all the dancing I do I was HOT.
Did you get this person to sign a release form before posting?
the world is an infunce and ur apart of that and i thaank u for doing it bigger dann thse other wanna be wrap *****
I'll be tuning in. Really curious as to outcome.
You too! Hope you weekend is wonderful!
You know it, just me and my tote bag. Ha. It's cool though, already has me looking forward to PR.
SB89 narrowly passes 28-22 and moves to the House
I should also have honorary MA's in linguistics and special education.
Up early for no reason, this is not how days off are suppose to be!
I hope he does very soon!! I'll try to tweet Jim when I see him on for u !!
I've got a massive craving for Chips Doritos to be Exact yumm!!!
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head
yeah...I guess
why have money at all?
You are so welcome!
I'm almost as sad about the death of Bran & Rickon as the death of Hodor & not seeing Hodor say "hodor" anymore
I know... but it still drives me nuts!
What is the hardest part about being a #painter. Tell us your story and we may feature you in the next issue of ArtsNFashion magazine.
cuts gap in half since last P; statistical dead heat on competitiveness vs. Walker in general.
I also cannot stop listening to both of these bands. They are my new favorites.
Once upon a time... In a nazi occupied France
Can't wait to get my new phone wed!!
I love you for this.
that was great, thank you.
Get ready to hear from us Atlanta!
and Please change your password ASAP. Your Twitter account has been hacked.
drummer boy<33
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KEISHA!!!!!! :)
that's a great story.
With lies you may get ahead in the world - but you can never go back.
they're having a resurgence? What? My dad helped run one when I was small
Here we salute fabulous women
Life is words words words words, words...
Anyone checking out at the Adler Planetarium this weekend? It looks and sounds so rad! I wish we'd get a , tho.
they outta style?
I got so much swag even when its dark i still shine!
The only thing fresher than Orangina: bees.
Generation gaps become more apparent through text message speed.
Finally I can officially welcome to the team!
Yes they are coming out GREAT its sparkling blue!!
I'm entering into the final stages of making my first album! this is so exciting, Be looking for my album "With Everything" in January!
happy to help. this topic important & woefully under-discussed. plus you & writing gives me more to cite :)
And you can live through anything if magic made it
I always seem to lose my chapsticks -.-
Shit I'd love to but this one is bad bro. Gotta see a guy about this one.
Star Wars rules
I'm a fan from Mississippi(: actually...MORE than a fan!(: I will always love and support you!.(: <3
Me!!!!! RT : Watching this Vets Wanted thing on CNN now but I wanna do something tonight. Anyone trying to go bowling?
Plants can add a natural pop of color in a home, & a nod to the latest trends from the natural world.
Right! I mean, if you're the President, who cares if anyone else is saying it! You hv to gv up your keys to the everyman lounge.
We'll be talking with and tonight!
Winning trivia team tonight! Go, Advocates!
SURF REPORT: (Pacific Beach) 4-6 ft shoulder high to 1 ft. overhead occ. 7 ft. FAIR CONDITIONS
dude you need to manscape those pubes. They almost look like a pussy,
Another Fresh Session Dropping Tonight Stay Tuned....
Some old guy:"I no what the hell that is!" ugh iight dude chill out no need for all that smh
Welcome to twitter and greetings to Tokyo!
Chicken wings, pasta and potato salad, chips and salsa...all the favs!
Hope everyone had a wonderful Christmas!! My Christmas was wonderful, spent time with family and friends in Arizona.
I Know right lol Real Shit
we usually sing and hang out in the basement.then have like a 5 minute talk about God at the end.its sweet!
Happy birthday <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089> Love you<U+2764>
"practice, failure, practice, failure, practice, success."
What the what?
#cupcake baking in 2 hours
Apparently there is a jet fuel fire at the
Lol shut up!!!! RT : I think oomf got the bg's on a plane hahaha
Have only ONE RULE!!! Be your wild, courageous, brilliant self every single day...No MaTTer WhAt!!! <3
FUCK american style so called "one direction" i LOVE my uk/irish they r the best!!!!!
Wuthering Heights is what happens when an author puts ONLY unhealthy 4s in a novel and has them roam free.
Austin has six letters and so does talent. Coincidence? I think not.
Today was a good day
thanks!! I try my best
wish I didn't know your pain, Andy. Lost my mom last month. Don't know you personally, but am so sorry for your loss.
Fisher is a good coach RT Wonder how sustainable that fan-interest is... they had a couple of big years lately
I've never understood it either
"I don't feel tired while I'm doing it, I feel invigorated."- Mark Christopher Lawrence Tribal Energy Cardio
thanks! Finally back at work today too!
You may have afresh start any moment you choose, for this thing that we call 'failure' is not the falling down, but the staying down
How Amazing Was #Glee Last Night Loves? (: xx
Thanks! You can vote everyday once a day:)
Aerological observations by Weather Balloon & "Zeppelin" on Weather Ship VOLNA, N.Atlantic, Apr 1990
TV: RT : Five letters can make a world of difference. Text BOOKS to 50555 to donate $10 to BPL.
In the mail from : A. Waugh's "House of Wittgenstein," not yet pub'd in US. Juicy beach reading! Alas, no beach vacation in sight.
That tweet wasn't about you... sorry.
So there's this guy he has my heart and he doesn't even know it<3
omg yes<3333333
Thanks for visiting our dealership! We hope you had a great experience with us.
This next song im writing is dedicated to those who feel alone, this songs called "Destroying what destroys you"
i believe if you refer to prior tweets i begged the Ravens to sign jacoby jones... great acquisition
Thanks 4 presenting both sides of marriage equality in an informed, intelligent manner. We need more of this on all topics.
one hundred eleventy days until the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade!
There should have been mre Lanie in Always!!!
Free rim job? lol
Eating dinner , damn I missed my family's cooking...
Our 40th Anniversary is on Dec 3 and 4. Enter our Maui Mall Memories Photo Contest or our Keiki Art Contest. Call 877-8952 or 871-1307.
Haha- good to know. I just play what they tell me to :)
So Cool!! Two gr8 choices!! Much Love RT“: I found the cheetah watch! and also purchased the peacock watch as a gift!”
#fridayreads The Night Circus by Erin Morgenstern.
Joining #AFTRA this week so I can be grandfathered into
Hi ! and I are neighborhood pals =) Go #Wickerpark & #Bucktown chicago !
Vinny is Your Twitter Bff?
My first duty as a member of #BrickSquad is to find out what #BrickSquad is
Wow! I really disagree with the NYT "10 Best Books" this year. The Art of Fielding (1-dimensional characters) & The Tiger's Wife (so-so)
Red, the schemer. Black, the Badass. Blonde, self proclaimed leader. Light Brown, the druggie. Prima, the inside Woman. RED BLACK & BLONDE!!
LOL...you know you're out of line for that. Enjoy the gamer pretty lady, hope it's not the last for us!!!
gotta go get it...
I wish people would just stop and think about what they're doing.
i have three. so yes. ill pray about sharing the third with
Doing well David, enjoying a extra day off. Been very busy with work lately, not a lot of time for social media.
Metro you are slow today!
Oh, yeah, Purell. My good friend. I love it when people cough or sneeze and then give me their card. :P
WHAT DO YOU MEAN NO AWARD FOR FICTION?
sorry to hear,hope you brush that off ASAP
Hey Dears:) When am I going to see you next? Big Hugs...
#Bbworld11 New Behind the Blackboard coming soon.
you left early! that's why I missed you...i saw you at lunch and then got sidetracked!! boo!!
Thanks for the #FF this week and last.
What I'd love to be doing tomorrow is drinking from a flask at a book reading...but Milwaukee's not on her list!
do yall help with people who wants to become a model, writer and actress?
I only need two more Beatles CDs to complete my Beatles Remastered set. Don't you agree they are the best group ever?
Lets start a rap, please contribute!...We are macaroon making and cheese grating...cookie connoisseurs that make your belly roar.....
Two faced bitches these days.. -_-
I'm playing tonite w/ some of my favorite musicians : , , Mamiko Watanabe, Lucas Pino and Chris Stover!
I KNOW YOU ARE A GREAT BUISNESS WOMAN AND WE ALL RESPECT THAT ... BUT I ALSO THINK IT HAS SOMETHING TO DO WITH THOSE JEANS LOL
delivered 2,750+ baskets to unerprivileged and sick children this year! Thank you Las Vegas!
Hey #Knoxville! We'll be filming a promo tomorrow at . If ya want a chance to be in it find our producer Mike between 1-3 PM!
Thank you
Damn finally finished with work, Ot baby
Who's already started celebrating?
i'm gonna follow back everyone that's following me as soon as i get home. :) promise.
sick game dude!!!! Had fun watchin u light up those vikings.
Good add by
That can be arranged. :) I'll be lotto-ing next weekend, and will be there all next week.
A friend of mine was racially harassed at T.J. Rockwell's last night. Can we get some media coverage on this?
Some. People. Like. Intense. Forest. Fires.
ADAPT follows the Beaverton School District snow schedule. Please check here and our home page for updates for tomorrow morning.
do you read your mentions? (:
With recent tweets about Robert Allen and ugly girls at aTm, is scoring some serious twitter points during the bad OSU game.
I hope she falls into one of the machines @ work
Wondering if the Pulitzer prize for will end the debate at work about "deep reading" online. Probably not.
I hope everyone had a great Valentine's day xoxo Vic
Congrats, dude! I assume the "Chell" in the name is an intentional Portal reference?
what can I do to help? I already refer to him as a corpse in daily conversation.
From what I've seen in tributes, Steve Jobs inspired more people than Elvis did. Wow.
I may be insensitive- but have a hard time thinking a 9 year old cares at all about twitter.
So happy:)
me too
“: RT : no Dora, I don't see the mountain behind your fat ass head!”
Get ready for colossal crawfish Sunday. Tell your friends.
Thanks for the RT's & Mentions & !
So be ready, we're giving out a bunch of stuff tonight to thank-you for ur support!
right. #SaySomethin tweet tweet.(;
White Whale friends in Austin! SAVE THE DATE! White Whale is hosting a game preview party, January 12th at ! Details to come!
I applaud the folks protesting #NATO. Them fools got choppas. And I'm a nigger. I'm too broke to die right now. Y'all have fun. And be safe.
Tomorrow I want to play a prank on Cody. RT if anyone would want to participate with me!
that's insane. My mom is working in that area now.
I know and that pisses me off
No better or more honest Christmas gift than a SF > LA T-Shirt. Orange and Black are the colors of the season! www.WeBeGreater.com
I feel so sick. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
no judgement here! sick dudes!
Thank you all sincerely for your support over the years and kind tweets!
I heard you got my Complete Vocal Primer! And you're going to be demonstrating for your worship team? Woo hooo! So exciting!
Oh hello :)
RT nashualibrarynh We've collected tons of "Books for Soldiers". Postage donations needed to send them! $8.50 per box. Call 589-4610.
A lead can stay a lead.
Don't be mad when I make it about money when I prestige yall did it to me.
People who smile are thinking about doing something evil. People who laugh have already done it.
The goaltending stinks in the Flyers and Penguins series! Too many soft goals.
Welcome to Mr. Dorn.
WV National Guard, Army n Air, are bout 6,500 strong - 43% are college grads or are attending ... 78% if including trade schools.
These dayz u alwayz need an exit plan
I feel what he saying about buying unnecessary stuff but he be over the top
Midgets hate when I break into the Safety Dance.
lol when are you coming to LA damnit? see the summer cottage!
Sleeping in was awesome
I like "Smash". There, I said it.
It's thirsty Thursdays! Get your drank on!!!
you're welcome!
well that's good your quitting, were you a heavy smoker? Lol
I am so excited to see you ! I am counting down the hours! It's been far too long!
I would like to hear that!!! You seem to have a way with words
Oh man, I heard! I'm so bummed I couldn't drive over and gawk at the goats!
not hours.
I've just seen about a dozen "I don't give a shit about The Avengers" Tweets or FB status updates in the last couple of days
I'm so unbelievably happy right now. Much happier than Boise State's Matt Miller. GO FROGS!!!
I stick up with the bullshit from others and you treat me like you do? Why did i like u in the first place?
Ron Artest is back!
They need a cure for stupidity.....or at least a law allowing to kill them, it's the humane thing to do.......
- here in Dallas by the world trade center..
GM Tweoples! It's time 2 Rise & Grind! Some breakfast, gym, then back on the grind! Shout 2 & new followers!
GG was a fixture in the tent area where we were staying. Pulp f'in stole Glasto tho this year. Chat soon.
someone stole my arizona ice tea.........
Thank you!
The Avengers was Great!
tryin to holla at all the girls. Reminds me of the dudes who hang out on the back row at church!
Here's the headline for or tomorrow: The Green Bay Massacre. This game shouldn't even be this close
Maybe I'm late on this but has anyone looked at Hasselbeck's stats in the last 4 games combined? Gotta be off the hook!
I'm not at a point in my life where I have any love to give away.
WHAT is this about you leaving?! We're going to miss you mucho.
Awesome job!
A good life is a significant argument.
Great time with #libshow peeps and got a cool hoodie too! Go go GSO!!
"No Fat Chicks."
On air for the last time! Go to georgetownradio.com, and click "Listen Live"
I'm not a playa I just crush a lot.
I so know how u feel
Tomorrow will be interesting
#supportlocalmusic Live songs today only on join me in the chat-room. requests welcome. no promises
Merge Bad Beat Jackpot Hits at Over $1 Million
#MentionYourCrush lol half of yal gonna lie. No ever really tell who the REAL crush is
I'm still investigating Pre-Paid Legal. Please let me know your experiences with them if you have any. Btw... Ganoderma Coffee is great!
Link Exchange: www.thetxphotographer.com For blogging photographers.
I sure did.
I read that and thought, "That's just a sad night for everyone." Good luck with your laptop situation, Grace.
Follow me on #instagram , I'll follow back >>>
I'm a perfect modern gentleman!
One team, One Bullshit Team
Have your capper show pictures of a R8 or Gold they can't they are scams they do not bet on the games....
I saw the pizza picture! LOL
While you're in that area, you must check out Publick House too!
he was SO FUNNY! hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha oh Mr. Z! He was my favorite teacher!!!!!
say three Hail Marys and you are good to go.
It's not what good girls do, not how they should behave. My head gets so confused... Hard to obey!
Pissed I'm at work and not watching the pacers...
Because new rental buildings have also not been added, vacancy rates now average 1.25% in Manhattan, according to CitiHabitats.
wow I'm not alone, till this day I cannot watch that movie. Not even listen in background!! Scary! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Again? When will he give up that title?
Happy birthday to the one and only ! Your freakin crazy and I miss you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
Tip of the day: the internet is a great place to meet online friends!
finna change mi background again lml
Advice - Always have someone smarter than you, funnier than you and wiser than you in your crew. You'll be better off for it.
you would! :)
Chem was greek to me. I usr to marvel at the words coming out of my teacher's mouth. I favor video streams when it comes to sci
trust me it's fun
We are moving to Solano Mall, Last 1 day...!!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
I need followers
Sometimes u feel like u dnt have nobody
Back in the day when I used to spend HOURS fixing my MySpace page, looking for the perfect song to fit my mood, & updating my profile pic
#unbecoming right? so inappropriate
Stop spamming me with this shit i dont care fuck off
WORST EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE.
Thank you, ! It was wonderful seeing you last night!
it's the truth. It's cool though
Hey there! Thank you! Whoda thunk it?
gets his braces of today!! <3
#TellHimYouLoveHim lol yeah cause that would go well not
I love those random late night phone calls. The ones that was just to say goodnight but you happen to fall asleep on the phone ^.^
yes i do
My head: Food Food Family Food Food Ariana Ariana Ariana Ariana Food Food Family Food Food & Food Ariana Family
Who's your money on tonight DW??
embarrasing...and painful haha pullin a #Molly, and yupp, did you take that pack of gum?
We can practice those moves in Port A. Potential dance for wedding!
sorry Mac just missed ya
I saw the dude moments later and he was clearly compensating.
Anyone have any thoughts on best Christmas gifts for 2009??
M ... Burger joint at the meridien in NYC. The most delicious out-of-place little place ever. And it has the thing with the stuff, ...
Hell yeah. LA Dolly! I even like the horns.If you have 2, you can always go back 2 Wills & Cooley to justify horns in country.
WOW! I haven't been on Twitter since Sept. 5?!?!?! How is everyone? Anything new?
At for some brunch!
You are welcome! Doing well, no kiddo as of this morning. ;)
Finalizing the new brand and website for Romines High Pockets Keep an eye out ...
I want that to be a match up come September with Gio winning 1-0 moving onto the world series and wining the Cy Young
My 3DS is a rockin' little box with Resident Evil Revelations, can't put it down!
Ha ha ha! RT : Apocalypse Now ... More like a Cock On The Lips Now!
Whoa these girls think they can shuffle better than me. Not gonna happen.
Thank you Jim! =)
awww :( i hope u start 2 feel better!
Lick my pussy Betch ! #get into it
its my birthday 2day!
#UFConFOX now its time for Jim Miller to #DoWork on Diaz
Good Morning Pretties...planted some trees for #earthday! How did you help save the earth?
little angel me?! I wouldn't dare compromise the mission! -.-
I really hate dumb ass people .
Well, that injury to Alex Gonzalez certainly doesn't look good.
It couldn't have been that bad!! All you mass holes just don't know how to live in the great outdoors.
Come eat at Moe's and leave me a big tip:)
it will be good! And I hope either one beats the AFC choices!
Hey...thanks for following but I don't use this account. I tweet about marketing/mobile/social from
#koa2 was such an amazing success!
Fight the good fight, sir. The rest of us have your back.
RT--> RT for your chance to win 2 tickets to see at on June 6th!
Don't want to start today.
preach it! thanks!
I'm ready for Saturday
Help! I am looking for the play of the day from last week. The little league kids throwing an out. Link? Thanks!
Haha! Awesome! Thanks!!
The difference between flu games of Kobe and Jordan is that Jordan had a much better team.
We build dreams of the world, & live in them, thinking they're real. And they are.
s/o #TeamJaylonTate ! Where Our Motto Is..."Don't Be A Hater, Be A Jay Tater".!
if dont come threw with the W ima quit rappin
Brian Williams and my cats.
Your wealth can only grow to the extent that you do. T. Harv Eker
Didn't even notice you could write in the snow tell you sent me that pic. Cool!
Word. 400 followers. S/O to all you pruney faggots.
Organic House-Made Granola - dried fig & cranberry / macadamia nut / goat cheese yogurt
"Success is never convenient and easy"~ Dani Johnson
Sure! We are a social review company and we want to connect with movers/shakers to get their thoughts/feedback.
The man who chases 2 rabbits catches none ~ Roman Proverb
RED ALBUM!!!
Just fork the highway on GItHub and put in your own interchanges wherever you want them.
RT : "The Packers will trail in the 4th quarter today." - #boldpredictions But going into the 1st QT, they'er all tied up
you probably know of someone too that you haven't told don't you!!? lol jk
Have a great time and thanks for using ShowClix!
yea i know!!!
S/O MY MANS
Hey. Tune in at the 4pm hour for a chance to win tix to Neon Indian this friday at the Metro Chicago. Yours truly, 88.7 WLUW.
so sick of "so-called friends"
thanks for the rt!) You can always email me at - we're jolly good designers and cost effective too!
Thank you for stopping by the other day!
Congratulations to the Class of 2012! Once an eagle, always an eagle.
Good Morning Everyone :)
seriously—that was a tweet of the highest order.
oh thats awesome!!
i can listen to cowboy casanova all night. it fits my mood PERFECTLY<3
“: “Everything happens for a reason.” No you just screwed up.”
- Happy! Happy! Your Day! Here's hoping its the best year yet!
A happy day on our set! RT Thank you to Bob for the pick up. Crew is very happy! Lots of cheering this morning!
that new meek mill goes hard tho !
Just found Disney's Aladdin on Family Channel HD. UFC 144 streaming on the laptop.
It'd be awesome to see you at THE PUB on Broadway today. will be there with , 5-7pm doing our NASCAR Game Tourney
Hooray! RT Brand new tonight at 8pm PST! Talking all things Fincher with of the !
The Giving Of Love Is An Education Its Self.
You too! Keep up the good work and keep me in the loop!
Looks like #GameOfThrones guys don't want to offer any more boobs!
Witch owls and Christian saint revealed in Mona Lisa landscape. New visualizations of the Mona Lisa Code have been released recently.
That's horrible. I hadn't heard that yet but I'm really surprised by the news.
I have an overwhelming desire to correct people who pass me on the street spewing historically incorrect information.
An ex should stay an EX. They're an EXample of the wrong love & an EXplanation for why you deserve better!
Its raining sideways :P
i love working on saturday nights. sundays too. fun fun fun.
They also set the technological trends and delivery mechanisms. EX: Beta versus VHS
Natalie portman is so pretty!
Thank you Tiger! I needed that today :o) RAWH!
I just saw tweet tht they said wbout the soul train award DOES THT MEANT THERE GOIN TO BE IN THE SOULTRAIN AWARD Peace&Luv
We are wrapping up some great projects! Check-in and checkout whats cookin!
Shailene Woodley likes DNA imprints at the Golden Globes
AGREED! thank you!
If I could, replace "faded" with Photoshop. lol
Laptop or mobile?
Thanks for the updates today, I am very interested in your tweets and I think you are doing a great job.
thus making you insane?
Happy Independence Day! Where do you think the best place for fireworks is?
all about awareness...first step to get ppl thinking about ordering if they don't win
what it do just got up feel like shit but im meeting wit dolocity today so i have to start brain storming for my next song.
Our strange perversions add to our charm, & we don't consider u vapid so much as easily peer-pressured. This = part of ur charm.
At least they're the type of people I'm used to, and can be "normal" around.
no he shouldn't that bad written all over
ok. working at 5am after working till 10pm and baking a cake the night before, while working a half hour away...really sucks! so tired
thanks love, I wish my eyes were open though. Yours is sexy btw
I love it <3 ;) RT : i remember introduced and to weed. haha danng im a bad. :p
Pm BlackF1r3 at i4i to that how ive been talking to him
HBD to the Heat's king of the court...27 is the lucky number for a championship
Welcome to the Twitter page for Larry H. Miller Hyundai Albuquerque!Follow us for exclusive content about contests,deals, news and more!
#LastTimeIChecked Taylor was beautiful.... SHE STILL IS! <3
aww well thank you how sweet of you ! =) have you heard any of my music? =) jw
Thanks for the follow. I really appreciate this
I would do that to!! but with out the snow storm part lol
Alexander. Not his finest moment
Can you please DM more details? Which particular group are you referring to? Then we can get it taken care of!
Tumblr app not working.
Who is your favorite band?
You tell me ... will it work?
Am getting involved in local foreclosure mediation program - it appears 7th circuit in fl is now officially inundated with these cases...
Get $20 for $40 worth of food/drinks at Los Toltecos Mexican Restaurant in Winchester at www.cityciao.com
On that #College shit
"We only need us, and the funny boys on myyearbook" <3
BTW, can you DM email address. I still have to send you the info on the teenpreneur from Bridgewater
P.S. they bumped us up a division because we have a black person and a 6'4" asian on our team
You go girl! Dig, dig, dig!!
First time I've ever seen a Broadway showtune during a journalism conference. Thx, of ProPublica.
Ariana we got it back (: It said that they got confused and now we have no followers anymore can you please give us a shoutout?
we always make it at home and it is so much healthier!
Please pray for our dear friend Cindy Morrone! She will be going through cancer treatment soon...
102 more 'likes' and we will release some music that you can download fo free! Please help spread the word!
It may be snowing but I hear robins... spring can't be that far away
bitches keep it clean!
...when you were cleaning your backpack out and you couldn't find it in the first place, until you found it in the trash?
are you done with youtube?
Another BIG math test today:/
All intelligent thoughts have already been thought; what is necessary is only to try to think them again
what is he doing with tomatoes?
Happy St. Patrick's Day to all our Tweeps - Irish or otherwise. Have a fun, safe weekend.
": When a critic dislikes your work they're talking about the work.." That's called an Ad Hominem!
Shared Btown Kids and with hundreds of people tonight.. lets just say I'm pretty stoked right now :)
you finally met Mr. Toothbrush???? :)
Thanks to all who are tweeting about your performances on the app! Happy Thanksgiving!
I won't date you. I don't like you. I'm sorry, but I can't force myself to get feelings for someone.
I've poured out my heart today.
Very very inspired by Shine a Light at the Portland Art Museum. Katie and I have ideas, lots of ideas... :)
Dr. Staubus is up next on principles of pharmacology required in drugged driving cases.
I Remember being a little kid watching the sabotage vid on MTV and jammin out and rappin along with the beastie boys.
After a week of being stuck at home, I'm beginning to understand what Terrence Steadman was going through.
Do you love any sport? Which one is it? Which team do you support?
The Native Daughters of the Golden West have formed two tug-of-war teams, and propose soon to have a contest. I would watch. Who would not?
Thanks Steve! Happy Saturday to you! Looks like another perfect day out there in #ROC!
I get immediately frustrated when people call me "hon" but I usually let it go because it's just a part of their vocab
Congrats class of 1971, Arcadia High School (Scottsdale AZ)! Happy reunion tonight.
Oh don't worry, I got all up on that!
There's the Eli we all know and love!
Congrats TMLA Seniors you had a fantastic year and made me so proud ! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Nice complex combination! Cheers!
Nothing says it's Recycling Day like the cavalcade of crashing beer and wine bottles at 7:30 AM. We do like our bevy up here in The Couve.
It's like they're completely clueless
I wish followed me
slush's are the best just take #Makers crushed ice and slush! Add a classic coca cola for a mid day delight!
Threw the baby out with the bathwater
As a Sharks fan, I'm just hoping the Cup doesn't go back to SoCal in my lifetime.
Bitch better have my money
NEVER!<U+2764> I'll miss you! (:
Things already getting crazy tonight. Local celebrities and bartenders already getting wild. Get here now!
I just registered for in #Sacramento on August 4th! Can't wait!
"To reveal my hand It's like i'm doing the worst i can To make you understand Maybe one day you will know"
and the boyz need to come back to rollerjam :/
only kinda? :(
would love to see Gomez lead off
liking waking mars. Not sure if it was their goal but I get a retro sci fi film feel. Maybe I'll ask them at screenburn
grilled chicken, string beans, carrots, eating healthy
#whenihadmyspace, " Heart of the King"The Worlds greatest Elvis Tribute Show comes to June 24th www.heartofthekingontour.com
oh shut up! Lol
Dani my Colombian instructor : hey mostafa , Me: wuts up bitch , dani: shikabala is really good player, Me: Wut thank u so much sir hahaha
Venable singles!! Just need a homer. I wanna see history!
RT @ none Thanks for the mention
Thanks for the follow New York Update!
Great game.. I will admit that.. I'm on the edge of my seat
Just found out I've officially lost 12 lbs since starting in February - pretty awesome.
We're looking forward to the #DesignCast #webinar hosted by #HOW Magazine at 1:00 #today! Is anyone else going to be there?
yeah I get ya! I am too tbh! But there's really not much we can do but try! <AB
Lol --->> RT : Someone tell Kobe to fix his face lmao
Sticks in a bundle cannot be broken. Bondei Proverb
Do you feel safe parking in downtown Portland parking garages?
God, Family, then my crew, then my career, then whatever.
DETERMINATION ---> At Times It Takes Sheer Will To Overcome Adversity.
Wizard needs sleep badly.
Packing for the O-Town Salsa Dancing, dancing and more dancing what better way to spend 4th of July
Now i'm at some lame straight bar ewwwww
WHAT'S UP BUTTERCUP? WHOA WHOA WHOA WHOA.
Chuck Mead has them dancing.
my pleasure. See you tomorrow!
loser ass nigga
“: This is ridiculous. Another kid from my hometown was killed in a car accident.”
good luck at the ACMs tonight!
yeah you did. He yelled at me
I might have just exceeded the optimal green tea intake for the day...
60 degrees in Chicago today! I'm ready to be outside!
so happy to have seen in Hawaii. Want to see him ASAP.
:10 yrs ago 2day was the earliest morning I've ever been 2 work. U were worth it! Happy anniversry frm NY! I miss you & everyone!
I can't stop thinking about what one of my teachers did today as we gave her a flower! OMG! I'm going to miss her so much!
Hey Julie... Did you get my email the other day?
Wow.. I tweet "DONE" to and and they haven't done a shout out :( plz guys! I'm begging you, I need a shoutout!(:
I cannot deny this
I love Watkins this time of year!
Daudi Were was at the frontlines of 's development during the #Kenya elections in 2007
I'd rather they use #panthers than #UWM myself..
No Problem! Thank you for helping Baltimore's Babies!
I had great experience in a recent visit to your store in the King of Prussia Mall at #FNO - The staff was amazing as are you!
Psst. You gotta password? If so, enjoy true speakeasy style jazz with Bob Tate tonight in our Black Diamond Lounge. 5:00p-9:00p
HBO GO is the absolute nuts. Totally recommend signing up for it.
Awesome. I have diverticulitis. And a 3-day old baby.
I hate being a hostage to my lack of technological knowledge. Send me a geek squad please!
When I get back to the crib I'm dropping right into bed
Thanks, we try :)
It's not good to suck that
This stressfull week is almost over.
Thank u Tina! I will keep you posted.
We've been out for beers before, haven't we? Perhaps with The Bennish?
But first off to for #cleaning stuff
LMAO, I am not crazy boy
super straight forward on that tweet #knowitall <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
We have our spare change ready for trick-or-treaters. Cc:
that's just gross
Happy Easter!
I think kaylee and dani will both make it, both have played well
Register for #Resonate2012 Worship Conference and our 38th LIVE Recording! April 11-13 ~ www.cfnmusic./resonate (RT 4 a chance to win!)
awesome we'll get you in on the live tweeting action. Did you download hootsuite for android?
new jay oh bee? Tell me what's happening!
Oh how I missed my team over spring break!
Amen : : Thank you very much! I'm glad you enjoyed it. Let us pray they deliver what we want!
What happens when I try studying? Skyping with of course... :)
sam hurd screwed up but lets focus on this new year time to clean the slate#cp3 lets get on that real ish
Thanks, Tommy. Auburn Chautauqua represent.
I love the Retro dress it reminds me of my Aunt's wedding dress circa 1963
Incoming MBA class will include employees of Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, BASF, Dominion, Genworth, Federal Reserve Bank, Altria & Bon Secours
Apparently shifting books leads to back ache... Who knew?
preparing shrimp cocktail and steaks tonight. Stoked!
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
We need to have a dialog with students as a university...
Thanks! Appreciate the props.
But now to hit the books!
what a beautiful day for Philly's favorite shopping event! we lucked out with the sun. :)
what song is that
okay that made me snort!
will see you there with !
</3 I miss you too.
Up, out and on the move. Make today count!
Thank you, , for including me in your mention.
yeah... ill see what happens <U+E403> i hope everything works out <U+E056>
Thank you! Always appreciate your RTs.
Listening to Velvet underground and reading about Lisp
just had a yummy dinner of Mahi Mahi with chinese cabbage, spaghetti squash and TJ's sweet pepper sauce.
It looks like it's not #alwayssunnyinphiladelphia perfect excuse to work on those bucket lists!
That is what you get for not going directly to his social secretary! He is in -- and tell your wife to come too 4 a zoo date :)
Only @ Grand Central Market can you get spirulina, a hand made pupusa and freshly juiced carrots/apples/beets
how can I remember if I don't even know what wes talking about
let's do work soon in LA mat 18th-20th.
So that's Arsenal , Juventus and St.Mary. Well done! Hang u boots up and maybe start training ur two boys.
Insane thunderstorms are here. Showers for my wedding shower?
hahahahaha, just spit out my iced coffee looking at that...
spelled it wrong but ok
I'm such a crybaby..my dad's gone for two weeks to visit family in Mexico. I hate goodbyes. :'(
not on this account he doesnt. but on my personal account he does (:
Loving our Lakers in the 2nd round playoffs! Clippers battling with Memphis - all heart! This is LA!!!!
What does #OccupyPortland have in store today? Follow all of the continuing developments on #Fox12Oregon tonight at 5 & 10 p.m.
Last Fri #real #estate word unscramble-notarize, 2days WORD:ccyotnena HINT: joint, "u cn't bild reputation on what ur going 2 do" henry ford
definitely would love the #smashbrothers in your magazine & we'll be submitting our EP as soon as #selectohits gives us the OK!
Yea just workin hard and playin hard!
BIG TIME RUSH was amazing at the Dolphins vs. Cowboys game
you should have a DM day like on saturdays where you DM fans!..
its been so long, i'd love to do that again!
Thanks, Anne. Our clients make us look great, and we hope to do the same for them. So, it seems only fitting ...
Chillin' on my old block :')
finally feeling the effects of that root canal today.... uggghhh
Question of the night...What makes a sex addict a sex addict??? Tried Tiger but he didnt answer his phone ha ha
through this. Please take my word for consideration. I'm just looking out for you
would love to see you in Munich!
I do approve. Well, I don't because a CF means things are going wrong, but I like your style.
If I were president, there'd be no wars. The U.S. would develop comedy as a defense mechanism
For now just sleep my sweet.Don't worry about what tomorrow brings.So lets pretend that we're giants among common men.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
what did you find particularly true?
:D thank you!!!
you got this, one mo' minute!!
I love watching Dexter! Who else dose?
School Leaders Network meeting in Kansas City this morning. We have great charter leaders here working to provide quality education.
I know she is! Jus wish I could see her one more time to say goodbye! I never got the chance 2!
You know what's really awesome? Going to sleep instead of waiting for inevitable server explosions at a Blizzard launch
sry for twitter/storify spam, figuring it out (only my 3rd storify story!)
I would show up, but I'm not sure you want some strange fanyboy mouth-breathing whilst y'all eat at Frank.
Passive language, sir. It "shrank" cuz econ improved, & Reagan no longer Prez!
BEST PUMPERNICKEL BAGEL EVER! :)
#10FactsAboutMe 4: I am a closet fanfiction author. If any of my friends found out I'd die of embarrassment.
RIP Steve Jobs
is going running...yes i said running...for the first time in 5 years. Gotta get back into shape...summertime and 30 are fast approaching.
Don Cornelius, the producer and television host who created the television dance show "Soul Train," RIP
theres like four hallways -.- gonna be lost.
The past is bullshit, the future is bullshit, i live in the now!:)
live on Tue! Dance party? Yes and thank you! 8 PM $10 AA
Where is shivan? ):
Hahaha thanks for pointing that out. (Yes, pun intended)
Great idea :) And you can study while on the treadmill. . .
AERA went fast! Heading home
FRIEND: don't be judgemental. ME: fuck that i'll say what I want.
Good lord son. Hell of a night, ahe? LOL
They asked me to play the Old Spice guy but I refused to wear the towel.
Customer said he spent 1st 15 mins of his massage smiling. He was looking for affordable massage option & found it. Mission accomplished!
I tell my mom I love her,she goes yeah right -.- lmaoo
bella you are the girl you can actually shake it up better than anyone but your the best please reply and follow me please!
hahaha yeah hahaha and cute :) talking about cute lol your pp is adorable
Come at me bro!
I keep walking by but being tempted by the "birthday" Oreo.
#FF and for the best #mashup #startup EVER!
holla atya boy. i got that music on deck 4 ya
to single handedly put a smile on the world.
Awesome! Just left a comment on your comic strip! I'll try to follow this ^^
Al Sharpton look like an Old ass katt Williams.....
Not as sleepy as I thought I would be
The Browns picked a Weedle? Don't they realize he only knows how to use String Shot?
will u be here tomorroww?!
if jordan shaved his head, i think id scream so loud thatd he even hear it
Thank you! We're so glad you enjoy :D
You gotta love so why won't you follow him?
We hope you have a wonderful visit and we wish you a very happy birthday!
Stay at HOME. Make money. Lose weight. XYNGULAR! Join me! ;) www.Xyngular.com/tigger
Thought for the day: the funny thing about life and working out- no results until you push past what you thought you could do!
thats the key. If he loses his rookie status then the timing of the big league promotion becomes an issue.
Alright, what do YOU think about them remaking Dirty Dancing?
It was a real honor being included in this esteemed group of professionals!
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 42
Gary your a wonderful dad :)
Advance Auto Parts Introduces Exclusive Wearever Platinum™ Premium Brake Pads
Its ok baby I feel much better now thanks to you! :) Thank you for taking such good care of me!
what the heck was it? It's driving me crazy!
Cunard Line & Princess Cruises have great Holiday Deals available for sailings in the Caribbean, Panama Canal & Hawaii! Call us 800-803-7245
I hate it...but I love it
I KNOW RIGHT? hahaha. Be familiarize though. I know your a dog. but try to add more knowledge. HAHA!
Holy balls, man. If tomorrow is anything like today imma kill myself.
thank you- nice to hear!!
It nevr fails 2 amaze me when a topic is trending thr is no way 2 actually read wht's being posted due 2 the share vol of posts.
"The guy sounds like a matinee idol." - Schmidt has the best lines. #NewGirl :)
You know what I hate about Minute Maid Park? That we're down 0-2 against THE ASTROS.
The LSU coach lost the game by not making player changes in an attempt to improve chemistry!!!
Movie recommendation is Stephen Spielberg's "The People Under the Stairs"
The Great American Party 9 was insane. Great job
nailed my audtion today....
My shoes got shipped out :) Jus got the email.
I ate all the nachos...ALL THE NACHOS
hmm no I don't know him
What, no Outback love? We're crushed.
what do you want to hear?
My dog is scared of a cat. I thought cats are scared of dogs. Very unusual.
Waiting in a "virtual waiting room" for tickets. The only reason I can imagine wanting to go to Wrigley.
It's Friday!!
“: I LOVE those shorts! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>” #thanks #metoo! I'm obsessed. I have a pair if not 2 pairs in every color ever.
watched 2 tonights eppy already and those minute clips I was bawling my eyes out..I am not prepared for this at all
Cant wait for your new album #believe , Hope you have fun in that studio (:
“: Honestly, I don't know which one I'm in love with, you, or the memories.”
Don't you have a ways to go with college classes? #justcheckin'
invest a lot more in expertise than they have traditionally (not just messaging). build an echo chamber.
Thanks! Now I'm embarrassed I just realized I misspelled claps as class. Doh.
Good luck!!!
Thanks for the retweet! Charlie Z
Audition for New Era, lay down more guitar takes, interview with Goldman Sachs, then another audition.
I miss Lamarya and Lamar.... Don't u ? Dem was my roll dogs
Making money tho so I won't complain!
hope it works as beautifully as the packaging! If it's fab, where is it available?
RT : RT : Q3: What tools or resources does a small brand need to go up again a big brand competitor?
Less than a week until Colorful Fantasies at Hedo - I have all sorts of fun "accessories" that I am bringing down with me...
Beautiful day for a run :)
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired..
Awesome reminder that our readers want to find themselves in the maps that we create
We're number 1 on the ReverbNation Singer Songwriter charts for Portland, ME. www.reverbnation.com/simonthunder
I wanna go home and sleep!!!
Congrats to Virginia Elite 13U Coach Paul Snell for capturing the Big Shots DC Championship today.
Follow me and i'll follow you back :)
are you at Body Central?
The Beatles' final concert was on this day in 1966. It was in San Francisco. My college professor attended.
Ok so I had my sleeping scedule back in order and then the snow hit and I was out late and sleeping in again but school Monday got to fix it
just wish something would go right
Josh Hamilton: " I will have another one"
The Fab 5 is what I call,"The What if:". Great talent but, not get the Brass Ring. They are not losers but, not Champions.
Dom Dom Dom. Peeps - follow him! He's one of our talented #NewStage actors!
So glad Believe tour dates are coming next week<3 omfg.im BEYOND excited<3
#LoverBoi i wanna thank all of you fine ladies for likin our page.....
only when you stand between me and my egg nog.
im about to throw a stereo at my mother b/c she's snoring so loud
Can't Nobody Do It Like Us <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
International Jazz Day--Concerts streaming live NOW from New Orleans...and later today, New York & Paris
good to see cliff lee in the world series. just wish it was in a phillies uniform.
I'm happy to say my makeup came out phenomenal! (:
you're almost never online!
Losing to Orlando without their 3 best players is CRIMINAL!
what on earth? Amazing.
What time?
is wondering if he can afford "An Evening With Leonard Cohen."
Hi, I used to live in TX, hot!!!. Thanks for looking at my page.
- Entertainment & Event Marketing
So excited to see everyone at party at ACRE/SF in a few mins.
Aw! I saw the FBk note. Sorry! OK, forget the pics for a bit.
Burger cravings commencing. :(
I am really honored, Ashley! Thank you very much. I enjoyed learning a little more about you as well. Have a great week.
My Compliments Makes Women Blush All The Time!!
me too! can we share?
hey I'd the other girls doing work out the boy from doy can carry a Burkin like no other! Think of me!
#factswithoutwikipedia the 2nd shooter on the Grassy Knoll was not Richard Nixon. He was firing from a sewer grate down the street.
Yay! Come look for me... I'll be in the tech room until my 101 class, so stop by and say hi!
hope you're excited for Boston. Can't wait for tonight! Hope you are doing a little meet and greet :)
Sentence of the day: "What's crackin'"
please tell me didn't change their name to New Directions...
Hahaha I prob will ;-) Good one! RT : Die Hard
tell NeNe to give me a follow so I can design his new dream house
Phone screen spider webbed. This bites. Gonna test me insurance. :/
Turns out 7013 isn't much of a "computery thing."
hahah that's exactly it!
Tweet after you've watched #101things and let us know what you think! oh and trend #101things (:
You look nastier and nastier with each passing day
I love how on Americas best dance crew, the judges are people who think there all that and they ant even dance/never had
Girls want attention. Women want respect!!
I almost melted trying to roast a marshmellow...my plastic toes will never be the same
I just dreamt I was interviewing the robot who plays bass in Demon Hunter (in addition to the normal bass player) for a documentary.
Powell's again.
thats gonna be sick i want to ride in it first lmao
I don't have "ways". Thats the secret. No games, no fouls.
Anyone listeing out there?
have you beent o the US?
Holy Guacamole! Our friend Josh just donated $25!!! What a Chum buddy he has grown up to be! Thanks Josh! We're up to $1780! YAYAYAYA!!!!
What you'll wear and how you will style you hair for gameday. Maybe finishing work to enable you to go to gameday also
Anybody have recommendations on finding inexpensive flights to Europe?
who the fuck are you?
we missed you at 3:45 a.m. each morning. would have been fun.
workin on a new track "misfits remix" with elle and jonez
Smoke <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0083> for my medical condition.
Just replied
Your legacy lives on in digital glory.
Some Padres blogger made fun of me for liking LaHair coming into the season.
please follow me and
thank you so much! glad to be the big 399!
Yeah, baby, CAKE and CHAI! [Frickin' spell assistant tried to type "chair". So maybe you'll have cake on a chair...]
Nice to see TaRhonda Thomas anchoring tonight.
Hope everyone had a great 4th of July!
not fighting.. Just tweeting... Peace out!
Psyched about our SOLD OUT matinee of #SarahsWar today!
you know it. Wish I had ten minutes to tell his story instead of 1:45!
RT : Friendship Style by a #Virgo: Virgo friends have a knack for knowing when you’re down and when you really need them.
My record is intact, I still havent ever watched a Super Bowl.(#howgirly This time I even missed halftime show & wanted to see madge.
I'd compare it to James white on the psu guy last week
What it is ??? Presh8 the shout out....
I love those guys. One my Lake Street go-tos right now.
you dont have to answer that question, its kinda private for people.
Voracious is awesome! want wingy!
RT : App as dialogue, perspectives, pathways
count me in too....4 girls here!!!
Double you tee eff?
The ONE time you raise your hand And some idiot screams the answer out. t(-_-')
Looks like all the power/lighting issues at is fixed. Yay for no dark hallways!
lol! Yeah it was. Womp. #Stanford will be haunted by this game. Like for a long time.
Lake Michigan 1 Meagan 0 ... cought no fish froze my butt off in the boat still fun tho!
I just left with lots of goodies for dinner tonigh
lol not anymore.
watch some boring on tv...
I'll make a note of it!
I just really hate having to walk places... in the cold... Like a whole half mile... It's just so grueling...
love who?
It's only fair. Ramires first RT : So will all the Chelsea players get to sleep with John Terry's wife now?
RT : “: Sneakerheads aren't people with shoes alone. You gotta have them and know about them. #SorryHypebeast”
6200 bus anystop said bound to Montgomery Mall going to silver spring 12:51 am at Bethesda J2
N Korea jams signals on Seoul flights - Financial Times
Is this locker next to the shed where his 5 tools are stored?
#Fitness must
Breaking: School bus accident at 20th & Highland near Marquette has left at least one person dead. Rielle Creighton will be live at 10:00
Super bummer.
Congratulations to our Social Studies Tutor of the Month, Anders B!
#linsanity spent half the game on the bench and still had 13 assists!!! And a couple of awesome moves. Garden was hoppin early
You know what I shouldn't do? Cut my own hair. You know what I'm doing right now? Cutting my own hair.
I don't believe in dinner, so I just eat 4 lunches of varying food-types and quantities evenly interspersed between noon and midnight.
heheh aww Maya your so cute, you tell em..aaron let my feet live without ur sausage commentss
See you tonight at the 98PXY Summer Jam!
Tonight is the opening of Creativity is Creative exhibit 7- 9pm
I wish!! The lady on mine sounds like a Drill Sergent! ;). Happy Wednesday!
1,000 fans pay. Michael Hayes on color commentary says "I held the attendance record" in Dome "until tonight."
My 100th tweet! Im so proud!
I think it's fair, because they want them to win so they're just helping out. I can see how it could be unfair, though.
I think the social media blockage threat was the best! Steve wins tonight!
f*** Texas
Thank you for the inspiration! #FF ,
Happy Mothers Day to all...
He was such a proud papa this weekend. Couldn't tell enough people that he's got two SU graduates now.
I love that kid that argues with the teacher and entertains the whole class.
Familiar indeed. :) Hope it goes swimmingly for you, and thanks again for the kind words!
I like to mix kindle with old-school: kindle for recreational; old-school for work/research. (Ends up almost all old school!)
ahaha, thank you, but you're the cute one here..
Love is for the weak
The haikus of the winners and runners-up in our Passover Haiku Contest are up on the walls of the Distrikt Bistro...and they look great!
There is no instinct like that of the heart~Byron
They say a messy desk is the sign of a busy person....at least that's how I justify my messy desk lately.
Finally! RT : BREAKING NEWS: The term #lehgo is not cool anymore.
a ship shaped like a star
Super Bowl love!! Huge!!!
Extraordinary wonderful, is what you are to me. Undeniabley beautiful is what I see, all for me, and I love you…
What caused it to become unavailable?
I want a handheld recorder so i can say "note to self" all day
Damn. I'm full moon horny tonight. ;-)
qi's 'habitat' image in for Utah
Anxiety dream last night. I was taking a seminar taught by George H.W. Bush and owed him a paper.
Today marks 3 years on my breast cancer/survivor journey ~ still grateful, joyful, humbled how He cares for us! There is no one like my God!
#10factsaboutme 1) I shall not steal 2) I shall not kill 3) I shall remember the sabbath and keep it holy <U+2665>RT if God's law is the only law<U+2665>
Had a great time at Mickah hornes bday party. Thanks to all who came and had a good time :)
Okay so the show tomorrow night is now FREE! NYU Battle of the Bands for a slot at CMJ? We better see you all there =D
love love love :] *dreaming*
Russel brand is hosting the MTV awards. Ok. Ew.
- Korea put up a good fight... I didn't know that Darren was huge Korean Baseball fan.
yes! I love it!(: they're so much better
So pumped about new overpriced Leica BW-only digital camera that I'm going to spend the weekend shooting my Hasselblad w/ BW AND color film
seriously though. They're good.
“Man’s mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions.” – Oliver Wendell Holmes
im great my brother!!! Just had a baby girl and working like mad!! You know, doing the family thing!!
Today is the day April 30th – Celebrate the Seasons Fashion Show and Greenie Awards at the Plaza of the Rockies Doors open at 6:00
i followed the homie. how about a follow back brotha?
Big Dick Bandit aha Lolz
Thanks for looking!
Technically, off to rehearsal number three . . . What was I thinking??
TURQUOISE SKINNY JEANS TODAY!!!
Happy Leap Day! We hope to connect with as many of you as possible and Build a newark list Network that Is a Resource to all!
In West Hollywood it looks like a lot of its denizens went to the same plastic surgeon and ordered the Nonchalant Gay Boy Face.
Like the universe, your #advertising #media choices are expanding. Already use TV, radio, print? Travel to the outer reaches of out-of-home.
sure! what was the first atl song you heard?
omg that would be even worse!!!! xD then some one would sue ToysRUs
Saw Mikey. FINALLY. i thought i was like going blind or something.
#schoolmemories getting drunk and not going
Not yet... I have a few producers I will be talking to. I will be more than willing to show her what i got.
Idgaf what you say. Loiter Squad is dope af!
Free book Friday is back! RT this tweet for a chance at winning $75 in books! Reply with your favorite baseball team for two chances!
i cant open it
and not as spooky as the one we went to
are you a secret country star? Strong resemblance to Luke Bryan on the cover of his album...
Best idea ever!! RT Thinking about making a trip to
Suspect in deputy involved shooting dies of wounds.
That cons have greater #s that libs = key to Rubio's point. While technically inacc., his claim achieved same net effect.
Hmm. Considering switching from Mustache.js to Underscore.js. Same compressed size, same templating features, but _ has more usefulness...
i'm exhausted. i wish i could just sleep all day.
I wish I could but I'm in AZ for 2 weeks.
Missionary? No, not me I like my p*ssy from behind
Up early to work on homework. Just discovered Sliderocket. Cool. Quiet in the house today with Liam gone.
I learned the most about very LARGE scale enterprise #business modeling while at JPMorgan Chase. Some of the best tech guys in the business.
damn right u are
I totally want to take the comics classes & Caroline Picard are teaching, but time & money conflicts prevent me...
The Movie Sensei officially gives #XMenFirstClass the Blue Belt Status! To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
Woo!! :-D RT : AWARD WINNERS: Maryville and Indiana University Purdue for Best Print Campaign! Congratulations!
Calling all Smartphone users! A HistoryMiami Smartphone app is in the works! More details coming soon.
Had a good workout in the gym tonight! Now it time to eat some grub!
wow….so mind blown
Since Sept 2010??? how did I miss this ???
cmdr-in-chief made a decision 2make the country safer, a tough call, & now Bin Laden is dead. Every1's sounding off.How about u?
Im Hiring customer service, sales, dispatch operators, & managers in Union, NJ
My TL is all about the match and then this---> ": Sex is bad.....Sex is a sin....Sins are forgiven.......So stick it in."
my computer twitter works, phone twitter = nothing.
RIP Leslie you will be missed!
Stadium may be big winner in cricket tourney: "This is what we've anticipated for many years, bringing international top level cricke...
Yikes Kansas! Better wake up!
This bus is hilarious omg lmfao
TGIF kiddos will b at nanas...mommy gets to work :)
its wednesday and people saying it looks like im getting ready like its friday
Is it just me or did Nike start making thicker headbands for lebron?
It's not #FF but you should follow - she's 1 of the most amazing teachers I know! She'll be Secretary of Education 1 day.
Have you checked out It's our big sister site. It's pretty cool.
Super psyched about getting suits/shirts back from tailor, now just need an excuse to wear 'em. On unrelated note, tonight's plan: sashimi!
Review: An engaging and well-written detective novel with a hero quite unlike any other in detective fiction.
Happy Birthday! :D <3
A million words spoken are far out-weighted by 3 simple words spoken, which are followed by action...
The real people n ur life don't take them 4 granted
We are! We have a beautiful patio that I'm sure the pugs will luv!
don't know what's going on, but pray everything works out!
I have an email composed to you-I am just waiting to hear back from friend- Plus I had another good idea! ;)
Today get a free medium drink with any purchase of a burger or dog and fries.
shes lucky i dont hit women. Plus she was making slick comments toward the wifey.
you gonna be able to watch the red river shootout from Namibia or do they not have satellite in the bush
Going to be keeping my editor busy!
Done sat thru bout 4 lights already. It would b nice if every car except mine breakdown.
Or kitties. You know, if she's not a dog person.
After a marathon #PSAid season and a mad dash to midnight last night, we wanted to thank all the participants! Stay tuned for winners' info!
Too bad you backed the wrong horse.
Hi Kimberly, Looking for a specific designer pageant dress? If u give me the designer's name I can check to see if we carry.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
But I want to hear all your other comments!!!
#Lakeshow will be taking the series tonight.
Just when you think things are looking up and everything is going to be okay, the world crashes down on top of you.
Quaker! “: Cedar Rapids smells like chicken.”
Da Future is Now
S/O TO MY FOLLOWERS...I HAVE REACHED MY 3000TH TWEET
A drop in the ocean, a change in the weather, I was praying that you and me might end up together
Yes! drop them off at the Mission 3 NW Third in pdx or at our thrift store in Tigard call 503 639 6488
Teaming up with other sites for contests soon. Working on finishing the promo cards and we are mailing out prizes for past ones as soon as..
#BestAlbumEver tom petty "your gonna get it"
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
indeed.. just got off of work now though :-)
ugh, always unfortunate to see a bad spray tan.
This is not the Droid you are looking for. This is an Incredible 2.
I hope the #Chiefs get Powe developed alongside Poe. I'm digging Po' Boys as a nickname, personally.
I guess that's that Warrensville education...lol
Prophecy Image Consulting's website will be down for a short amount of time due to a cosmetic rehab. Stay tuned!
Thanks for the help! I e-mailed you about surveying the event. Do we have the OK?
Looking forward to your #Type A Mom gift list!
He is Awesome and such a Hottie!
ahahahahha! Hey! At least your back on twitter? Did you see the pic sent you?
I'm not sure! She didn't reply yet do idk :/
My drum = my Heart Beat, very cool! ; ) keep dancin, James!
- Thx Kenny! Have on your iPhone? If not, check it out. Ppl can even share where they see speed traps too! /cc
Can we talk about it???
Open mic follows program tonight @ Olmos Bharmacy, around 8:00. Bring your guitar or whatever.
It is better to have thought you had two days off in a row and not had than to never have felt like you'd never escape your job...right?
Oh! Didn't think u were referring to ME... Na I don't think that! My discerment ain't THAT far off! Lol
This kid just keeps running his mouth
Well today was definitely one of those days that the to do list go tossed to the wind
Website almost ready. Stay tune! Follow us
Here he goes again.
RT : A4: space to dance? where ever you make it!
that's pretty awesome
had a power workout my abs are killing me. got to be up early. taking the bike to the track for a test run. night peeps.
What Should You Do When You Have No Money To Spend? Do you have no money to spend on the things that you want and need? That is the gener
Watched "Waiting for Superman" documentary last night. If you are interested in educating our children, check it out.
No work today?
People who help us GROW our money....Priceless!!!!!
": "If everyone thinks you suck, they're not haters. They're right." Daniel Tosh please father my children." After mine ;)
KUSH and cool aid
I literally just saw a bunch of ELEMENTARY kids jump another kid!
You know you've been w/o a couch too long when you think, "This camp chair is pretty comfortable." C'mon Tuesday: I'm staying a city girl!
not sure if you guys noticed but the Sasha Pavlovic show is on TNT right now.
nobody likes to get spammed.... calm your balls.
thank u so much.
Set your mind on positive things... What you put in is what you get out!! #positivity!!
Boutta pass out
what dat be like??
And Whos That?.
If I don't get a text back imma be pissed.
I don't wanna get raped! :/
watchin the walter payton doc on nfl network the greatest ever
Cheering for Hansen in the Derby!
Off to purdue with and
Working in the garden. Weed block my a$$! It's barely a weed speed bump.
#sexualcultures Patten describes customs using magnifying glass on shipments of porn in Aus, determining legality by age
boo, you whore.
Goldfish fried fish combo! Clams, shrimp and scallops with fries.
Have a wonderful holiday weekend and be safe. I'm heading south to visit family.
Say my name, say my name.
CANNABIS MILK & DARK CHOCOLATE BARS ARE BACK BY POPULAR DEMAND! Potent Indica Saturn OG & LSD Bubba flying off the shelf 2day! WEEDMAPS.com
In 5 min Ruby Dior will perform her first show! J Lo - "Get on the floor!"
The Blackstone Hotel
Plus doing a bake sale at the local "market days" in a couple weeks. What are your bake sale secret weapons? What's hot in your area?
Please say you'll be performing your magic in Washington DC....when? When?
Your so sweet!! :)
neighbour just asked me if he could have a skip outside our house, i told him yeah you can do ******* cartwheels round the block if you want
happens to me everytime.
Richard Parsons, former CEO of Time Warner, reported to be stepping down at Citibank.
i be wildn cuss im youngg
where are we going? ;-)
Cooking out today, nothing fancy just burgers!! Baked Beans and French fries!!!
if we only had faith the size of a mustard seed, we could say to the mountains "move"! and they would move!! :))
happy birthday! Hope you have a fun time! c:
On the air tonight with all coming up
Uh yeah there was a period when you broke up with me. You can go to a girls house but i can't like a picture? That makes sense
I can't wait for The Avengers!
Of course I'm being sarcastic. If she said "Nice Ultraman shirt!" I'd have been shocked.
one time?
lmao, well if u were fully insulted instead of slightly I may have actually felt bad :P hahaahahahha
Da Nada. :) safe travels for your family.
feel like i skipped a beat here - applying for entry level jobs a year or so too late
swag, swag, swag, ON YOU! (; hahaha
Yay Donna & for receiving grant for American Antiquarian Society project!
Something is rustling in the dead leaves next to my deck. Snake or salamander?
Julian Assange has plans to launch his new TV talk show next week.The Pentagon will DVR every episode because it's on the same time as Ellen
gotta love indiana high school basketball richmond v. new castle 930whon.com
TEAM STALK HOPE I DOT PEE MY PANTS
Thanks for the follow Corpus Christi (CorpusTXDaily)! :)
Kill em with kindness <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
#TenThingsToKnowAboutMe I'm super athletic
love that one too. Also like: "I bet that you look good on the dance floor"
Portia's speech in Julius Caesar!
Just ran into my favorite professor, Professor Ganz. He's so awesome.
I like how comedians use that one stool for their only prop. lol
It'd be funny to make a label for your own brand of salsa and go around to grocery stores sticking them on other brands of salsa.
Just finished my best workout EVER
saw that on your Facebook, if my house was pet friendly I would steal that cute punkin.
I'm pretty sure I know what Stockholm Syndrome feels like now.
Well said.
I hate when people be touchin my hair like its fake. ! Lmao all natural babby. !
Congratulations to my good friends Sergio & Crystal who today @ 9:35 am had a new little baby boy named Santiago. Let the BBQ-ing begin.
Putting it on my list! RT : A7 Read the book #FrenchKidsEatAnything Q7 #Foodiechats - How do we improve the food kids eat?
Had some #chustin bonding time this weekend!!!! <3
Heat look terrible right now
I'll take that bet for 50.
Hate when I absentmindedly change the size of everything on my monitor.
Haha. Looks like my day's about to get a whole lot better, too!
She hated everyone... lol
Sometimes its the smallest decisions that can change your life forever. - Keri Russell
I'm convinced the Clippers are trying to make a mockery of the game. The 4 worst possessions I've ever seen all back-to-back-to-back-to-back
great to have u back at #CLA2012. U belong since we have "LA" in the name!
Do you only thank your clients in December for supporting your efforts? Why wait & get lost in the crowd? SeanLetwat
LA is up by 1 in the 3rd. Is anyone surprised by this?
Witnessed Hoffman's 560th career save....awesome.
You're welcome.
Damn is it really Monday???
i bet u cant wait for monday [;
my yiayia's chicken & noodles w tomato/onion. It's my fav from my childhood, served with a big glass of milk ;) you cooking?
and 4 losses...I CAN say that
glad we are sharing our beautiful weather with you this weekend. Enjoy!
nothing like random drunk ladies screaming at you mid performance.
I'm going through withdrawals...
who hasn't touched her ebay app in a month? this chick
I'm starting a new hash tag tonight I will use for stuff I say say that should be written down...it won't get over used..MAYBE once a day..
Looking forward to the NFL Draft tonight! Have 2 friends who may go in the fist round! Good Luck, guys!
its easy to make waffles, just buy some egos, then heat that b!tch up :)
Going to #Qdoba for some free queso. Thanks :)
depends on the house, but w/ WWTT: It's...lower case if still attached to ellipsis. And then... Capitalized if not attached.
Just remember; someone loves everything you hate about yourself
Thanks for having David and Brent on Sunday morning's show. I owe you guys some root beer floats!
frog strangling lol I like that
Can u guys follow her plz :) Thanks HMU for any shout outs
Anyways I'm gonna have a good lunch today.
"we are like butterflies who flutter for a day and think it is forever''
Scary/true: I was 15, alone in a maze in Versailles, flashed & chased by a man in a trenchcoat. YA dystopian fic has none of that real fear.
Stop alex really.
She is a thing of beauty!
(Cont.) but you never replied or was ever online enough.. But I'm just glad that they contributed to a good cause.
Im following...best wishes and much success to you!
LOVE IT, "That One Dude" 8)
Q: How many Cancerians does it take to change a lightbulb? A: None: A Cancerian would worry herself to death with the problem.
i wish. you can't edit or delete anything from a former guide. it's like starting on square negative 600.
My dad just locked the keys in the car....
aww! I used to do that! Why did I stop? Don't recall.
Ol I fuck for pop tarts
Congrats on your hard work! We may need extras for our production if you're interested...
she doesn't even understand hungy games.
Where thou art, that is home. -Emily Dickinson
God please show me somethin!!!
ThMorUKno Scholar Adele Yarbro Collins writes, “Revelation is a historical document [&] a literary creation…of artistic beauty and power.”
worst spring break ever >>>>>
I'm off to see the LOBOS...the wonderful Lobos of
Haven't heard from this girl all day
1st of all you ain't s'posed to be up in the bridal shop but since you insist if your bride-to-be wants ballgown. Shuddup and let her glide.
Do you know the steps and processes of managing accountability?
I saw you guys got Byrd. That was a nice pickup
Bummed I'm not at Little 5 right now. better feel pretty important
thanks for sharing, I hadn't caught this yet.
Which is the bigger crime, forcing ugrads to cough up $ for the next edition, or repackaging freely available info?
Pretty good progress on finalizing this score. Wondering how faithfully to transcribe piano part. Vocal is done.
the dildo, strap on & lube.... I got chuuuuu LOL
“ Get rid of that skank Ashley. #revenge”
I feel like Austin has seen Sleepless in Seattle one too many times.
US history sucks nuts
Everyone has wounds. Some we're healed from and some we're not. Give others permission to be flawed.
you should, and hit my panel at 3pm :j
- " Age Is Just a Number" - Yeah Well .. Jail is Just a room
I'm at #BlogathonATX today, surrounded by the glitterati of the Austin blog scene.
Bummed to miss #GoToExplore. Rock it & ! Be good to & And have some bourbon for me :)
Constant #latenights #midnights in #Singapore is a norm. Can't help it. The adrenaline for success is worth it. My new set coming out Tmr!
I had a little bit way too much fun last night.
yaaaay i got over 500 followers. :)
: My buddy, Fluffy, wrote a nutty sexy dark detective book. Free on Kindle until the 22nd. Baby Shark by Robert Fate htt ...
Brother, your comment on the world's longest trading card was priceless. Good, good stuff.
I like it! Love the sparkles.
Backstrom continues to get raped in the face off circle.
"Someday you will find me, caught beneath the landslide, in a champagne supernova in the sky" original quote by , stolen by oasis
Toms are the most beautiful and most disgusting shoes ever created. ((i have really sweaty feet okay))
sometimes :D
Workaholics on Netflix. Not bad.
you know, taking it easy blessed w/ #Favor!! How the fam doing? Btw How are you?
Listening to Intel #CIO - what we do in #IT is often invisible - interesting thought
It's hard to believe but has made an even better product. A near perfect reading experience.
Noo not Thursday, I have weekend tickets. So excited for the game!
doh! of course. looking too hard for patterns i am
it looks good thooo its not much taken off
I likED you before I got to know the real you.
moving to a house in Wayne! :(
aw you look so cute with your family. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>.
That would be correct, can't go wrong with a Simpsons mug!
yes,yes i did Emma. U know me too well :)
Great success <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
So juiced up for clippers and grizzlies. Come on Z Bo!
Just heard #Different. So good! Hope you make it down to Central Florida!
I refuse to take any type of advice from people that don't have doctorine degrees in physcology or therapy.
“: hope I'm invited <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>”no im sorry you didnt make the cut #wuhahaha jkkkk
Come to tampa 8
well not that I'm not enjoying u...cause I am! But I must get dressed and go get dinner. Hav a gd nite sexy
Kq hearts < aj off vs this maniac blind vs blind for 1.1 million at 12k and chiplead of tourney. Turn k river flush. 52nd $3880.
My dog Winky gets to stay with his uncles this weekend!
I know I'm a little behind, but god damn #WWE why is it that just b4 leaves, you let him REALLY be CM Punk? Huge loss 4 us fans
thank you!!!
My LINdolences go out to Whitney Houston's loved ones....there I'm done with social media for the day
#Oomf have me thinking back
I can't stop fangirling over Say Somethin. Omg.
there's something about my friend that i can't stop thinking about like he understands me...
Got the SICK. Cold, fever, boohoo. But thanks to Jennifer Jarrett for subbing my class. She will love you up Tuesday night!
A real man wouldn't care about your past, because he knows with you he has a future."
The images we have of ourselves and the worlds we live in are fraud. To believe in what you see and hear as matter of fact is self deceit.
RT : I'm going swimming 2moro and working to a more healthier diet. your advice helps!! thankyou :)
That was me who sent the present.... just had someone else deliver it like a champ.
Thanks, guys! ;)
It's a special screening. That's all I know for now. I'll keep you updated.
WOw. Am seriously awe-stricken. Clever, clever cleaver!
Mini edibles food Att part tonight at h&h building #bmoevent here with puffs
Casting Crowns tonight with :)
4:30 am get a text from the brother "tootsies!!!" nothing more
Stop in for a beautiful hand-tied bouquet for Easter, only $14.99!
ii think im in love with icp
ok then lol
$CHK got four May 11 puts
Well, I'm never washing clothes again. A fucking spider came down from the ceiling and landed on my hand. I have officially lost my shit.
No! In a way, it's a much bigger problem of course -- considering that ballplayers usually don't fly off the handle....
We are a gypsy company, performing around Pgh. However, some of our favorite places to perform are in the #Cultural District
Ok so it turns out that changing my username fucks up Echofon and whatnot...which kinda sucks. Oh well.
I get my most up to date news from Facebook.
Grats to Monique and Kiera for being October's Darlins of the Month
Feeling better now, still hurtin a little
Formal education will make you a living. Self-education will make you a fortune
Looking forward to that. Glad he's in the NL....
James Rodgers is the early (and I mean EARLY) MVP of the game.
what'd y'all eat? We got yellowtail, kale, tri-tip, spinach, and white beans over here
when a teacher leaves you in charge of the classroom>> (: i feel powerfull bahaha
nah, he has a point.
Pitt fans - was Andy Lee this good in college? This is honestly one of the best punting performances I have ever seen. Can't get field pos.
Horace~ You traverse the world in search of happiness which is within the reach of every man. A contented mind confers it on all.
Sleep~ I wants it right now xD
Jack and Rose had the strongest love for each other..She never did let go #WishLoveWas like the movies
How? I'd support. Link? MT Encourage informal convos in phys & virtual spaces. (I'm working to make this happen)
Fuck that's it I'm moving to the uk.
Thanks, Jordan.
RT : Scott Walker is pulling ahead in the Wisconsin gubernatorial recall election: /Whose head is he pulling? He can't be leading.
I really need to not sing so loud when im recording concerts..........lol
RT : #ThingsIReallyCantStand women talking. Seriously, shut the fuck up.
not you, DIS BITCH ON THE BUS.
Many NU fans say the same RT : WR Kyle Prater transfers to N'western from USC. "This is one of best days of my life" Prater said
Beloved Dad Lenny Bernstein hung alone w/ old friend McCoy Tyner a long time@ Kuumbwa Santa Cruz 2nite. Honored McCoy sent me his regards.
At the Granada for KT Tunstall...
says the hater RT“: came through clutch”
I'll have Another!!!
:) RT : Whenever I’m back in NYC I always make sure to call my grandmother! – ZS
Fall in love with me shawty you just might.
This lady better stop scratchin' that chalk so hard on the board!
GoodNight Twitter :)
Thanking the opera gods that I have a night to rest before heading into busy weekend of labor negotiations, auditions, MGF and Stern Grove!
I stay ready
RT : What is the end goal of the social media program? Figure that how and then you can find the unit for evaluation
When you don't know your value, you will pawn your affection for temporary satisfaction.
RT“: Do not buy cat food/owned by who supports Rush Hate Radio #stoprush #boycottrush”
When I'm mad I don't think before I speak.. I try to say the most evil things
Again I ask r Ur CDs sell'n bitch mine is
just because you didn't get called a loser for once though lolol.
The Second Neurotic's Notebook, 1966Money doesn't talk, it swears
Wait, don't be quiet! We (software devs) need to hear exactly the kind of things you're sharing! It's the lifeblood of our work!
aw but being a kid is so fun. I have one in pink. :) You're too adorable.
Filner: cities like Minneapolis, Seattle have a Public Art Fund and you can tell, the minute you step in the city. SD needs that
My home internet is slower than my phone internet.
make two dreams come true but following me nd 42
sure, and you can buy legal forms online... but is it as good? my tomatoes are amazing.
which article? The SWs in Cali one?
I'll give you easy!
School, work, and then more storyboards!! :)
l'll make like a baby...head out first. lmao...made me giggle.(:
I'm sugar and spice and everything nice. But if you want to mess with me, you better think twice!
Would like 2 thank everyone who came out 2 Lalo's UIC for Tropical Wed and left it all on the dance floor. Que Viva la Salsa Mi Gente.
I used my Carvin BX250 micro bass head last nite with my Hartke 2100PRO(2X10) cab with excellent results!.good volume and BIG sound..I like!
That is so funny!!
I'm not even gonna sit here and go back and forth with this dumbass on facebook .. tumblr i missed you ;3
A Friday in east OAKLAND.
Shout outs to and -- awesome Reno folks using !
that's like one of the best jobs ever :)
haha I know where'd they come from? & I found out you can turn notifications off, its on the upper right hand side of the page!
yo who u talk to book that event
What's with guys and bikini pics? I mean seriously.
...why arent we married?
THANK YOU! :)
oh I'm so embarrassed! How could I get that wrong!
Producer just canceled an audition on me...our lives for sure dont revolve around yours mother fucker....find someone else this was a favor
Lovin the things I got
in the show this week - sessions live performance segment features at check out #sounddiego Sat, 1am after SNL
It's only a problem if your dignity is worth more than $20.
Trying to decide on my new #headshot... Harder than it looks...
SO last week. There's only ONE DIRECTION now.
Emily's 5th grade Mission (about the Am Revolution): "use your passions, talents and areas of interest to become active citizens!"
The more I watch the #Pirates the more I am getting pulled back in! Great game tonight
I outta do both, haha. Maybe I can make Bill Gates scared. :P
Wow, it's all going on down reyard way today, cloverleaf market is turning into a gas station!
Hey! We have a show at the KEYNOTE CAFE. Doors open at 5:30 at the show starts at 6. Try to make it out! :D
Paul Simon - Graceland - 09:31 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
“ You got everybody fooled but me,”
Make me over again by Tonex has to be one of the best alter call songs ever! Still love that song!
KDWB/Minneapolis braces for the arrival of new PD Rich Davis, who transfers from CC sister WRVW/Nashville. He replaces Rob Morris. RAMP!
Listening to the new Aborted album Global Flatline! :)
i know! I'm mad they made me aware of how dirty they are, and I can't get it til August!
FOLLOW NOW FOR A SHOUT OUT ON MY PERSONAL AND A DM TO CODY&AUSTIN TWEET ME YEE WHEN YOU DID!<U+2665>nowww! 4 more awesomee people!
Loved from Loreal at OMMASOCIAL esp liked the community of hair colorists.
ohh! hah(: i live in PA! :( Im trying to get him to cm. To Washington DC, cuz i live 2 hrs away!
haha u in Houston? I was just in Dallas and Houston touring with Rickey Smiley
yup, he's my Dad's little brother
It's National Volunteer week. Have you participated? if so, tweet about it with #Idothemostgood and get noticed!
Oh, my. Who can forget how Popeye had to save Santa Claus and Christmas from *her*? :-)
Got my hair did :) homecoming tonight!!
Green Door Labs' first tweet! W000t!!! Hi everyone!
good to see you Gil,) Jonni A,)
“: When did you renew? This deal was valid from Jan. 1-31 only.” December. That explains it!
Well no but it will
and i definitely just fist pumped the finding of a petition. i'm still cool, right guys?
Q: I'm not sure if this was already asked but what is the turnaround time from writing a children's animated show to airing?
titanic 3d...not as bad as i expected. still love kate and leo.
It is a really great house in a terrific location. Thank-you for the comment!
i want some new people to talk to, hit me up!
I like the idea of getting the work done first thing in the morning, then doing other things. Might have to try that. Thanks!
Man I Miss How The Old Novelas Use To Be! My Shit Use To "Al Diablo Con Los Guapos" Best One Ever! Lol
Don't scare me. I have virtually every doc I've created in five years stored on Google Drive. With no backup.
You should be with me
Watching a re-run of Gilmore Girls <U+2665>
TODAY!! Crab Spinach Omelette/ Bacon, Cheddar, Onion Browns or “NurburgRing” Sausage Benedict!! Last day for the "NurburgRing" special!!!
Finished at the gym and done with my yoga time to get ready to go to work!
90 minute cardio/weight workout, healthy dinner, and a nice sunset.
Congrats to your son and your household. Go on and do the happy dance. We wont tell anyone.
ur really my hero in so many ways
Juggoliterature in the Spring RT : What a beautiful day to lay in the park and read about Juggalos.
Well I'm tired after a long day fun night. Later gator.
Wow I hadn't heard that - awesome to hear that & hopefully they will get their act together on the attribution asap
Good Fantasy Numbers doesn't make you a Good NFL QB.....sorry geeks
Hope everyone's getting their fill of baseball. It's been a while since the batter batters have hit homers!
I agree
RIP Elizabeth Taylor :(
If you forget why you live in New York, go to Washington Square Park on the most gorgeous afternoon of the year
#INDIETIPS MAKE SURE YOU EMBED YOU INFO IN YOUR MUSIC!
I'm going to invent eye dye, baby blues will finally be mine!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
at your show now in bmore laughing our ass off . anway we can get together for a pic?
; you a annoying stupid stupid hoe :)
Awww Thanks Friend!!!!
I'm very social, but lately I've preferred the quite life. Some wine, a good book, a scary movie, & some cuddling beats shitfaced any day!
hope all gets better for you, I have had my share of bad days, best part is they end eventually
Just liked your FB page and will follow on Twitter. Look forward to your updates.
He tops my list over humidity, mosquitos, I95 & the smell of old people RT : jeff ireland, you are the reason i am never happy.
And all the winds go sighing, For sweet things dying.
-Gudmornin happy to see another day a lil mad but the man up stairs makes mhe happy if no one else can he can Thanks God-!!
please follow me love you justin
so glad I am not the only one who still thinks blue crush is the best movie of all time
Huh, more Canadians have read my blog today than anyone else. If I had to guess why... I'd have no idea whatsoever. But thanks, Canadians!
Loving this fall weather. #PumpkinSpiceLatte from is what I need right now.
My last U.S. dining experience of 2011: waitress screams back to kitchen "Don't throw away the chili!" right after I ordered it. Bon voyage.
thank you for retweeting us.
From all the staff & members of UNCA, have a great holiday season & a very happy & successful 2011
"Strangers telling 'I love you' Fuck it I don't know why but I love you too!"
Couldnt be happier :)
& Hubby SPLIT! Watch Twitter EXPLODE!!!!!!!
iTunes podcast.
It’s the first official day of #spring! How do you plan on celebrating?
Last night's reading had a lovely audience and a spotlight that made me wish I'd worn sunscreen. is not as fair, so OK.
Ugh. That's the worst!
9-12 RT : Don't forget about the winter this Saturday. It's the last one until May!
HIGHLY doubt tampering by Bennett & UVa. They reportedly requested permission through proper channel & was denied.
But Roberts cuter.
Basic app features for a local chiropractor? Provide helpful easy to reach information to your clients
Cassie:Did you hear Raven Samone is lesbian? ME:OOOOOHHH...THAT'S SO RAVEN! *SNAPS* LOLOLOLOLOLOL!!
SFA defeats SHSU 68-46 to advance. Gardner (Yates) finished with 13 points and Scott (LaPorte) added 9.
“: tickets for the showed up in the mail this weekend. I cannot wait for June! go !” See U there Jason!
Yes i am
Yes can you e-mail me more information.
#onMYSPACE . . . Oh wait, I deleted mine a long time ago!
I wanna go so bad. June 8th and 10th. I really want to go.
Enjoying "Zilch" by Nancy Lublin and learning a lot too. We have a lot to learn from Not For Profits.
Does TODAY really have to be the first day of the rest of my life? Next Thursday would work so much better for me
Why cant I just masterbate and fall asleep like everyone else?
I am having Cheerios for breakfast. It has been a while and they taste really good.
StinksRT Apparently , a sports bar, is unable to play audio on the final four... That makes total sense. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
"To Infinium and Beyond" says Sam Adams and ( cc: ) This badge will be a pleasure to unlock
Dear Candidates: None of you has a uterus. Don't tell me what to do with mine.
The music business is undoubtedly unfair, but if you had to choose between being #Mozart or #Salieri, whom would you pick?
has some fantastic food for tomorrow's gala! Thank you for making #ypweek happen!
Gary the snail's full name is Gary Wilson Jr.
EXCL. PREVIEWS: "Buffy Season 9," "Conan" & More Courtesy of Dark Horse, CBR presents exclusive advance looks at new comics hitting store
you never really thought you were entitled to public records that might be embarrassing, did you?
Symptomatically speaking, a good man is a man who helps others without any expectation of reciprocation.
you can come by our stand at 14th and U on Saturday or Bloomingdale on Sunday. Does that work?
With so many sports experts out there, the only numbers that count are the ones on the scoreboard at the end of the game.
So, if you have art for our new show, HOBBY FUN FOR EVERYONE!, bring your pieces tomorrow 5-8p or saturday 12-5. I'm getting excited y'all!
really, your gonna hate on the people who can help you the most and that you've already worked with........
haha I got you!
is acting up again! Is there anything going on I should know? Evernote for Mac is getting annoying these days.
Be safety conscious. 80% of people are caused by accidents.
We have a ways to go still before folks like could use us, but we'll keep chugging along!
but I avoided the reckless and didn't get got
": respect. Let's build man." I'm a big fan! Let's build soon. Peace!
A quiet man, is a thinking man. A quiet woman, is usually mad.
None of the music on the site is working man. Can you send me a link for megaupload or .rar file?
Let's do this ! RT bdix73: will there be a check-in this Wed-Sat?
Let's stop listing pagers on that list of electronic devices that should be turned off.
having not enough polos or real clothes
Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer.
We need to vc and play guitar together again. I got better ;)
Now I can't be helpful if I just "yes" everything that comes along and if we do not submit suggestions. [1943]
Your kinda cute(;
exactly, but we just need to remind ourselves that if it's meant to be it will be and things happen for a reason
"I call everyone 'darling' because I can't remember their names." - Zsa Zsa Gabor
You can ignore my previous tweet, I got the statement.
the only reason i still go down memory lane is to run into you.
I'll have a new micro story up this weekend for everyones' viewing pleasure. Hope everyone has a great week. Its off to bed for now...
anyone live in stockholm?
"I open at the close" suddenly has an all new meaning.
I remember #whenitwascoolto post comments on MySpace
There is HOPE America!!
please stop trying to do comedy.
When the world says, “Give up,” Hope whispers, “Try it one more time."
your website looks bad on iPad.
Go Cry me a river.
daddy is daddy...smh... and court fa what???
Hmm...we rented Mission Impossible 4...
Time to squeeze in a #NIST #Biometrics standards session from before heading back to DC. Hasta luego, Miami.
Cause you were my homie, lover, and friend. <3
Madison is goin DOWN this weekend. Just wanted to put that out there.
Madchen Amick's guest appearance this weekend has prompted me to rewatch Twin Peaks, for the first time since I was 10...
The majority of women at the WH Correspondents dinner could have used your help. Have DC women heard of Spanx?
Money make the world go round. I honestly think its not the route of all evil.
Limited minutes? Or no PT for Duncan/Parker?
You guys sound... affordable!
it's not open <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> so I gotta settle for sharks .
I could honestly blow dry my hair for an hour and it'd still be soaked.
": How do we get funding into #socent ? #smwreuters" how about from retail investors? making that happen
nice! I'm from Houston but I'm going to university in New Hampshire. Do you go to Canada a lot?
My father on my new Jeremy Scott/Linda Farrow Mickey Mouse sunglasses: "You look like a bug!" (Perfect)
I hate when I question myself whether this is worth it or not.
#YouKnowICareWhen I stay up all night for you.
Nice ass
I know! It is all thanks to because he peer pressured me into joining. Too bad you are not headed this way
JLB is a finalist for WMZQ's Battle of the Bands for a chance to open for Miranda Lambert at WMZQ Fest!!! Stay tuned for Battle info!
okkkayy well idk! (; haha ill talk to him about when he was a jerk too me
Just saw FELA! at Music Hall in Detroit.
L.A. BAKERS!!! They place is in the kitchen not on the court!!!
Expo hall open at #RSAC! Come to 2751 and see a demo of adaptive federation with for strong auth
Im straight out of school my graduation day on next monday
On my way to tonight's festivities with ! Pics of my outfit and more tomorrow!
well go do it then
Thank you for the RT! Much appreciated. God Bless you : )
I was bout to say y Yo pic up side down
#HomeSweetHome...if only I didn't have to get back to reality in the morning
Congrats on the Arena! your the man KJ!
I probably live like less than half a hour from Shealeigh, but I still haven't met her. :(
thx, will do! I speak no real German, so I wd need extra time to set up the family.
Thank you, Mr. Hier, 6th grade, for encouraging our creative writing & letting us play chess during recess.
Getting ready to lead worship at Evangelical Covenant in Massachusetts. Wonderful family of God!
Haha who was at lunch talking about it
ohmygoodness. :D do u remember me?? Lol
Thanks, Mike! What else would you be interested in seeing on our blog?
Looking forward to this powerful full moon tomorrow!
mystyle Shop-It List: Red Edition These are the red things we want to buy these holidays... 1. Structure It: Make Me Chic Flap Dress to
More details on Newt's proposed moon-base. a) He will build it himself. b) Without oxygen. #Newt's
Anyone have any contacts/partners in the biz opp/work from home industry? We've got a client that has a great offer for that community...
hahah ops! back out not black out
Would you follow me? I play guitar. And I play along to most of your covers! Follow me!
In Target shopping place is empty on nov 24.I guess waiting for black Friday?
Good morning Monday
I'll let you and figure it out then.
Im a dirty girl *spongebobvoice
Something about you makes me smile
RT Never forget the moments you want to last for life.
yehh the steelers are gonna win anyways:)
Steeler Pride tomorrow! Steel City Pregame Show at the Gateway Clipper. Check out the Go Fast Pass by the Football Toss!
Every time you stop a school, you’ll have to build a jail. ~Mark Twain
Things don't turn up in this world, until somebody turns them up-James A. Garfield.
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy
Everytime i say how excited i am about the #WinterClassic ppl look at me like i'm fucking insane. I hope #UGA gets smoked today
if i dnt chase dick i certainly aint gonna chase yu.
RT : Q1) Curation is becoming a buzzword, it needs more planning and strategy than just repurposing.
#govchristie #mayor cory booker great you tube video
Grinding out these last 4 hours to get to Nashville
Looking forward to giving a keynote address on "Writing Across the Disciplines: English Variation in the Classroom" at tomorrow!
I also knew how good he was.
For one (hopefully two) nights only... #Goalvechkin Bandwagoning this mother. Need a day or two off.
Haven't heard on the movement check out www.sustainablehouston.org. When we are all able to #slgt and #buylocal everyone benefits!
oh my
let's work!
Almost time for stickam can't wait :D
I'll report back with empirical findings. (i.e. is it or is it not amazing and delicious?) ;-)
aww boo, going to miss it, already had plans
yep. Mine went away when I disable the Smush.It plugin but now I can't upload anything bc of a site migration!
Get ready, folks! Tune into youtube this summer for a Strugglin, Not Starvin episode with the lovely !! #a_time_to_cook!
fmr NC Rep Arthur Williams (D-turned-R) has requested a runoff in NC House District 6 against Mattie Lawson (R)
That dress looks amazing on you Lori! Congratulations!
roll over crash. We
Another dream from last night: had to beat out for the role of Jeff Winger on Community.
Where the #baJisus is ??????
Something cool: go to google and search for "let it snow" ... then way a few seconds.
Big steals. Big plays. Let's do this Jayhawks!!
RT : Don't forget $ for the lightrail! 3.50$ for an all day pass.
is at her last A's game. Sad!!!
Can't wait to see my brother's we finna turn up!
What u doing
House hunting with B-Rea, X-Rea, and Mama Rea. ;-)
Keeping it clean & professional is a job in itself.
I just got a ice bucket for a gift!
I hold in my pee as long as I can. It's too cold outside. YUCK!
If you're the other person involved in a bad sex session you don't have the right to point the finger (you sucked just as bad)
How often do u get 2 Atlanta?BIG Fan of ur work and I would luv 2 have u apart of a educational event!
That's too bad - but I know what you mean. I look forward to seeing what you come up with!
We can do more than these rappers put here Lol
Join Saturday, May 5 for their Cinco de Mayo bash!
yesterday was quite dramatic... i think my mom is on the verge of a nervous brake down =(
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 85k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x3
RT : RT : No one should lose a job because they are sick. Does support #paidsickdays and the...
I love and Temple Run.
Office Olympics update: Curling is about to begin
that's why I love the guy. :)
Apogee drivers, you are the suck.
Yeah... Thats One Of The Reasons I Started Listening To Him! Its Really Hard To Find A Singer That Doesnt!
T. Mills was just on MTV, wtf?
OU sweeps Baylor; the craziness continues! National Top 8 Seeds shake up again!!
Have a story or article to share about an incredible service or therapy animal? Contact us and we'll post it! Email:
is tonight at Hydrate! With & Resident Dj Semaj. House Music in Boystown will never Die!
today blissfully brought me coffee, Snow White (umm DREAM!), beer, soccer, groovin!!, Evelyn and more coffee....now.i.crash. :)
A kinked neck. Worst feeling ever!!
he said bye
I told you, I'm problematic.
If you got a face tattoo I would actually hate you.
right at our finger tips!
OH I WANT TO DANCE WITH SOMEBODY. WITH SOMEBODY WHO LOVES ME
EVERYONE. If we gain 100 followers tonight one of our owners will go streaking through campus. LITTLE 500! Please RT!!
ok following :)
Tim Tebow is a class act guy regardless of faith. This still is a team sport, all egos aside. He will add as a great backup.
that's good!:) ur almost there
Go Patriots!! Nice way to end the half!! We love NY but we LOVE the NE Patriots MORE!! #Superbowl #Patriots ~author, I Love You More
Thanks everyone who has streamed or downloaded our first single "Long Island's Dead!"
Lord thank you for having us in alignment with Yourself! We bless every "Agent" used to move us into new dimensions!
Swat Cats my nigga.
it was
Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but rather a manner of traveling.
TY new followers
To all the hipsters and righties who think all this #kony stuff is propaganda... well yeah. THAT'S the point. Same method new message.
So bored, no ones at the farmers market /;
At the Providence Hospital 2012 Gala. The only thing missing is a Ward 5 Councilmember and or candidates.
Blink 182 ;P
Dear Twitter. I tell you everything.
can we get some college basketball talk?
Yea, they got like the 24th pick
is there a Website?
d'aww que cute
We had fun anyway! lol #BratWho ??
"A Man Is Not Old Until Regrets Take the Place of Dreams"
Oxygen Magnesium(OMg), is it 6p yet?!?! #leggo Longhorns!! #hookem!!
It's the last #FF of the year: Enjoy the rest of the old year!
Same is going on in LoDo!!
“ Working on getting and on the team! Lets make big moves! More info coming soon...”
Cannot believe #everydaysunshine won't be on PBS station in DC area! Come on Feb 1 so I can buy on iTunes!
ok how are you
#Giants are getting ready to win this game!!!!!
/Of 100,000 kids, 11.8 are like to get type 2 diabetes, 2700 are likely to develop an eating disorder. Let's just focus on loving ourselves?
I feel so dead. 6 hrs of paintings...with one 30min break in between. I just stopped.
The book is on it's way! Enjoy.
Wow. Nice job. Car to share any pointers?
Any parties coming up?! Ask us about having it on Fridays , & Sat <3 to help out!
is good company, y'all. Especially when topics include: 3rd wave Ska, comics, and New media.
ugh no one cares how u wanna do ur hair for prom u chunti hoodrats ugh ugh
Yes--check it out in the article. Boston Consulting Group alumni big at Broad. What's up in Camden? Shoot me an email
That's our favorite Talking Heads song. There's a grainy video of Byrne on stage singing it w/ the Arcade Fire after Funeral came out.
~lee boreed. --' tweet me niqqas...c;
when I'm finished with them I'll bring them to you !
Kobe time
so jealous lol
it's a family of Brazilian restaurants, but the first in Colorado. Excited to be here
This weekend is devoted to Marcus Luttrell's forthcoming book SERVICE. The rest of you will have to wait until May!
I'm actually a wuss about movies, I can read anything but seeing it in front of me on a screen is another matter...
At least there won't be a repeat of the last time...
Driving to Chester for WSOPC on Monday and me need to know where to get a room Suggestion?
Power outage on our street. Awesome.
SAY MY PANTS!
I love meeting other sets of twins...
My mother attacks me for food hahaha oh being home
you rock :)
Science test tomorrow #FUCK Im failing that class
the butts in
She<U+FFFD>s my teacher, my adviser, my greatest inspiration. ~ Whitney Houston
It was a nice idea, too bad it didn't actually WORK~
TRUE! TRUE!
Free baseball at Wrigley
make matters worst, someone had a blow out and their tire knocked out the scoop from my cayman.
Thanks! Im watching it now while i wait!
Congrats Chelsea. Very cool.
Hey thanks for following. ;)
Heard if you not getting money 10 different ways in America, you bullshittn.
Happy 2 Impactful #Speaking Groups graduated today. Sad I wont see them on a regular basis...planning #alumni workshops! Congrats grads!
looking for a job is exhausting...I can't wait for #baseball season to start again
mad love and respect to my trainer'@ crossfitcle aaron,adam,jeff,dan and julie!!!! train hard or go home!!!!
Just got the best welcome e-mail for the new position I'll begin tomorrow!! Cannot wait!!
I hear that!
Looking forward to seeing your recommedations soon!!
Dancing with the star <3 go Rob....
very cool, have fun!! let's get together soon!
Join some of us Winos tomorrow night at for their #PasoRobles Tasting 5-8pm. 39 wines for $5! Can't beat it...
New stuff coming real soon, I promise! Just be patient guys, it'll be worth the wait!
can't wait to see you tonight! :) ready to celebrate our month-a-versary in chicago? Ha
they are really good books
u weren't champs last year for nothing. The bling ring should be weighing the hand down. Hahahaha
Except when he doesn't post it. RT Mayweather hits the flush on the river. Every. Freaking. Time.
And this the life we chose, workin' all night swear I'm never goin' broke.
#G2G School is starting!
We rap better, look better, now give me a semmich!
RT : The girls are answering this 3 minute question right now: I cherish, love & respect myself by... Try it out for you!
Idiots talk about what they've been told.Average ppl talk about what they have seen.Smart ppl talk about what they kno after carefulresearch
greed is not the way.
Trained with best teachers including - Drs. Pierre Fournier, Jeffry Klein, Marco Gasparotti, Alberto Goldman, H.Y. Lee and Hartmut Meyer.
'Sleeping to dream about you & I'm so damn tired of having to live without you...' z"
Geez, with his last name, you'd think he'd have sent pics of ANYTHING but what he did. Impeach for stupidity!
Pretty good :) Just meeting new people and getting followers. you?
Every marriage has its painful moments. With my advice, you can turn those moments into "growing pains".
I guess so. Very strange and displeasing. Sorry you got it too.
it's very brave of you to share this. are you going to have nightmares?
Peyton Manning to sign with Denver Broncos...
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
So...I would have paid $20 alone to hear Carolyn Perteet's rendition of 'Don't Know Why' tonight Absolutely stunning.
S/o to one of my detroit fans, ily baby girl
Sorry u can't make it but congrats on the opening!
It's not realistic to seek what you don't believe in. Believe in your dreams to take the proper steps to achieve them
needs to play Wow. Been too long!!!!!
We follow
I sware ihate wen ppl.walk around playing their music on their phones , loud ! Likee
Like big tuck once said... this is the texas takeova! lol Thank god for you metal heads still keeping it alive! Defenders of the faith
I'm serious.
No gift to your mother can ever equal her gift to you- "LIFE." Happy Mother's Day my Twitter family and friends~BAMM.
Do Patriots have to start using timeouts now? Me hopes so.
the siri commercial is adorable -- make me want a siri
Wow! You may be coming the farthest distance, I don't think we're expecting too many folks from out of state.
Hey chefs, enhance your butchery skills & learn how to get the most product out of an animal with Tia Harrison from
Lol, I don't like her.
After the second olive I have decided they weren't gonna taste any better.... only only gets worse...lmao
Is there one New Year baby flying around on Dec 31 in celebration or many? I can't stop thinking how often babies pee and crap...
Girl is going to shank me when she finds out I've been stealing her chocolate milk. So good in the coffee, though.
Thx! It was fun! MT #FF to Whose Ballot is it Anyway stars for gettin' up on stage!
Poster presentations: much more nerve-wracking than papers bc of the interactivity; gotta be on top of evythng. Bring this to the humanities
I LOVED it! How's Nashville? I really want to visit!!!
D.Rose, Dumervil, Faried Throwback(huh?), Magic, English, Gasol Spain and one very, very snig Birdman t-shirt jersey on a portly young man
I have so so much to tell you katie. Please please please call
Thanks for letting me know about that!
THE AVENGERS was fantastic. Whedon crushed it, guys. It's everything you're hoping for.
Wondering what steps should be taken towards finding a home for me and my child. Pretty new at this
I hate it when optimizing a short, tidy, brute-force, slow algorithm also has the side effect of making it long and aesthetically bloated.
You better get to planning, gurl! Lol
The husb. is currently working on his presentation for Emma's class tomorrow. I think this is stressing him more.
Woot - it's contract day at Elon! Always nice to know you've got a job next year.
hey sexy!
Yes, that is the program of that we were talking about. Absolutely something to promote.
Happy Mother's Day to all our Miami Moms! Thank you for making this a great city in so many ways. ;-}
it was said to Heidi Montag :P
I totally lied, I feel like I'm slowly dying inside, just hearing me saying "I'm okay" out loud makes it worse.
I do. Wow, when was that? I remember American Madness being good, but I'm drawing a blank on Dirigible.
And now into the mix comes "rehearsal 4 days a week". #overbooked First rehearsal today for THE UNDERPANTS at BRLT.
Please do!
its so cold today!
Your killin' me!
Can't do anything right
Is anyone else going to the Xfactor tour?:)
All of our Easter Merchandise is now 50% OFF... did you forget anything for tomorrow?
Great day to cuddle and watch a movie :)
thanks sir! :)
That picture is currently on my wall <3
RT: Follow for live coverage #HR910 - a bill that would allow unlimited amounts of carbon pollution in our air
I'm having one of those days, I ready to get my hair braided up, I need a break from my hair maybe... I'll get a frohawk hmm....
On to the next one
Good Luck! I'll be listening :p
LOL I am not a fool. She is from New Orleans. She is crazy
I guess we're both missing out on the opportunity to have things happen there that stay there.
You never believed me when i said and i never believe you when you say i love you.
This #editorsmeeting sounds amazing. Keep the hits coming.
lol you'll be fine as long as you're not a complete idiot
thinks some people play the victim so well!!!
probably made about $300 today too. holy shit I love summer. hahaha
Hi, aren't you with the ADL Academic Co-Lab in Madison? We met at iFest last year. You work with mobility?
My buddy got one, and he says it crashes constantly, and regrets buying it.
You homie hop and then expect some sympathy ? .. thats
I just had sex with (;
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2> thanks. it just feels so wrong.
im beyond busy!
Oh no! Madonna's daughter was caught smoking! Call the police! God some of your topics are a little rtaded lol
That is a solid idea as well. Although I've spent a lot of hours in that space. Was hoping to go somewhere new-ish.
"Time sets the stage; fate writes the script; but only we may choose our character." - Liam Thomas Ryder
Twitter, you and I need to talk.
i need to see the hunger games desperatley!!
FINAL #Mem 90 #Clippers 88 & #Clips are headed to #Memphis TIP OFF 10 am (PST) on #ABC-TV. #GoCLIPPERS!!!
NY is great as always enroute there as we speak, how's the youngster ?
Wisconsin state elections officials plan to go to court this week to get extension for review of Wis. Gov. Walker recall signatures
Well, that would be awesome, but I won't hold my breath! ;) Looking forward to hearing more about !
yall dont need to work out! Yall both in great shape :)
sadly, no.
he may fit that 6th man role
Love that show!
I think you'll find there to be a few more redeeming things than Joe Rogan if you watch a few more...
My mom always gets butthurt at me...
Thanks for the follow !
Victory is mine. Found the tiny hole in my thermarest, averting further gradual-onset rocky cold nights.
- AND EVERYTHING, WHETHER AWARE OR NOT, FULFILLS GOD'S PURPOSE.
Dude - you're the best reality show host in the business. You're my vote for the new host of "X Factor!"
This Boy im suppose to be talkin to Been messin with Alecia ._____________. like wtf!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks! Rage is going to be a great game, I've loved working on it
Eventually... hopefully i`ll find a guy who isn`t an asshole, ugh
brought 2 beautiful people into the world and
and the Browns.
Off to pick up my new headshots from Kyle Zimmerman Photography. Really liked their service.
I'll only say this about Devils fans: the Rangers, Flyers, Habs, Bruins or Wings never held a "don't invade our building" campaign.
they call me Absters... :P everyone calls me that now because of Andy -abbie
looks like a great read! Thanks Larry!
#IndiansKidsClubhouse the Social Dudes will be there to check it out tomorrow also
fuck you pussy!
cool. Thanks
The Swedish part of my family was, I think, the most recent to come over to the US (the Irish parts were here by mid-1800s).
So hot I'm about to strip down naked on the F train
I feel like that would be an Amazing friendship that would last forever. Id feel almost unworthy haha
God gave me you for the ups and downs. God gave me you for the days I'm down.
is selling locally made dog treats go see for yourself at easton towns center!
they r as good! I even end up buying colors I don't normally because when you blend them they are gorg & unique
Last night at the dinner table I explained James II's "warming pan baby" to my Mom. Just call it the original "Birther" controversy.
Mae West’s 1926 play "Sex," the story of a Montreal prostitute, ran 4 a yr before NY charged the theater w/ lewdness & corruption of youth.
Nobodys PERFECT Unless Your Barbie Dont Judge anyone " *.*
You hurt me but I still love you.
Easter Specials<3 Available for Men & Women. Weaves, Updos, Braids, Flat Irons, MakeUp Artist, Full Mens Barber&more! Make your appts now!
creepy would be a good word for it Lol.
That's an $11 billion boost to the couch potato industry.
Have a BLAST!
Thanks for mentioning us, Daniel. we are very proud of the truly remarkable exit!
You made my day (you know the cops were secretly hoping for ANY reason to bring Batman back to station)
I love
There was a time that "git push heroku master" would have sounded to me like code words that spys use to ID one another.
I guess you know me too well Prima ;)
Kevin Durant is the most clutch player in the NBA
thanks for a great webinar: "Six Weeks to Launch." The template for planning a launch was very helpful.
Fucken idiot did something stupid to the building tht it set off the fire alarm... my sickness was going away..now its gonna get worse.-_-
You can borrow my Shake Weight,
I'm sure I was already freaking him out with my giant glee face, a camera would ave made him run away lol!
I gave +K on cuz he asked and he'll be returning the favor and then some. Thanks, Ben
People say they real but dnt show it.
excited about adding video pins ~ more choices for students to "pin" and organize their research!
Please let it rain
were doctors!
Didn't the "First Down Line"on TV used to be blue? Now it's yellow. WTF??
Miss Congeniality is on!
Sports crossover? Yes, that was #CarlEdwards in that Ford commercial. You can follow this NASCAR star via
I hope everyone is safe from tornadoes tonight and hope Joplin and other affected areas are feeling all of our support.
paramore and muse are my favorite bands ever!!
cultural studies, a degree where the only thing you can do is to teach others to have the same worthless degree
HoneyBadger don't give a shit about a heisman trophy
1/24/1777 to W. Livingston:Under good Officers, not only render real Service as Soldiers but protect, instead of distressing the Inhabitants
what you doing??
We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
I hate junk mail tweets!
how about milwaukee please. i hate waiting years to see people.
Great decision by Ty not taking the 3 and taking the easy 2
Gonna have one of those insanely productive days! so much shit to do.
RT : As #AmericanU would tell you, when you know something forwards and backwards, you're a wonk.
I got a lump of coal this year... Yes!!
I think I'm going to bake some Snickerdoodles. :D
some consolation: great parties 2 go 2 Sat & Sun
Thank you for all the RTs and mentions this week!
Surrender time tonight get ready... Just use my name @ guestlist for free admission Travis Sosa Only
welcome to twitter!!
Moving day Part 1 tomorrow.
Had a wonderful interview today ! Hoping for some good news!
That day was way too much much haha. Miss you too, hope youre enjoying Barce!
Welcome to LELC! =)
Interesting. How many podcast titles do you try get through in a week?
your the man Steve have a great weekend
I know. I thought that was a little harsh. You can punish the guy, but destroying the phone is a bit extreme.
I don't like drama I stay out of it, people don't need to know my business
TELL YOUR FRIENDS TO FOLLOW today and you could win FREE LAP DANCES! To lazy to type? Fri. March 23rd Free Lap Dance Day!
Thank you #Irene! my flight for #df11 is officially cancelled.
Kia runs a takeover on Y! Sports today, but doesn't utilize any NBA IP. Missed opportunity.
I bet you want tht mangosteen
April 26 is Custom Appreciation Day at ! Join us from 4-8 pm for demonstrations by experts on must-have new spring products.
I'm sure you did fine boss
3 and a half hours playing soccer in the rain is always my favorite way to spend my Sunday morning lol
Westchester putting a wrap on it up 21 with 5 minutes to go
finally got out of the hospital on the 12th...was there longer than the doc planned. Still trying to recoop and get used to some new meds.
1 million iPads sold in less than a month. The iPhone took twice as long to reach the same sales numbers. Looking forward to seeing the G3.
Couldn't country hop this time, so did something more immediate and accessible. how's my cali boy
Great meeting this afternoon with to discuss Housing Matters campaign. www.HousingMattersSD.org
either i need another new charger or my computer has officially gotten "old"...
RT Why do social media? It's your museum-YOU tell US why u should be doing social media. Otherwise you're wasting time/$
Just got off of work...tired af right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
wow lol i am speechless
what up , you got alot of troops in the Atl, black man.
ACM Rocks Bricktown is tomorrow! We teamed up with for the stage: , & more
"GATOR'S BITCHES BETTER BE WEARIN' JIMMYS" was the other guys this funny the first time i saw it?
#thatawkwardmoment when doesn't know that people will love his video <3
absolutely! Extremely exited when into the double digits ...
Rock chalk at the shores! Only Kansan here.. hurry up guys
Thanks dude!
thanks! We miss you
now you know who your true friends are and who are not :)
I need a DJ "name" though
Terrible no call, but the Mav's PP is anenic. No pressure and no sustained play. #one&done
Not enough social #hash tags for #superbowlXLVI interaction. It is 2012!!!
obviously you're invited!
It worked! This means my adopted dad was Native American. Solved THAT mystery!
- on the Star Trek Holodeck: "Are they in that room? Don't they have a room on that ship, where they can pretend things?"
will do Gayla! Hope all well!
Emergency feral cat relocation last night. Hope Munk & Miles r adjusting 2 their new home. Thankful 4 folks who step up to help
ye they were in ny n were on a new icrly called i go one direction and on saturday night live, snl takes place in ny so ya
Visit us at Graciesbag.net for the latest savings! Don't miss the latest savings subscribe to our site for the latest updates!!
Just gettin in from private Nelly concert Event..Remy knows how to throw a party!'
we did, unfortunately. our apologies for spamming your inbox. we have corrected the problem, *fingers crossed*.
There's still time to donate gently used books to Jen's Little Free Library. Help get books into kids' hands this summer....
Listening to the new demo of "Stay" w/
Will we get to see the new haircut anytime soon:-)
We've been listening to your covers and originals, great music! Let us know if you want to check out our studio!
Going flying today
Happy national grilled cheese month*! Celebrate by #volunteering with us! *grilled cheese not provided
Still In School D:
To my mom ... I miss you always. You taught me so much about life, love and charity. My work is dedicated to you. I love you mom!
Very true! Give me ideas to be better!
EVERYWHERE i turn they're telling me another celebrity is pregnant #stophavingsex just stop it! lol
RT this to wish a happy bday!!
john wouldn't blame me at all
Thanks Robbie! Twitter doesn't seem like the same place it used to be...
can a original #baddbitch get a deal?
Gotta game tonight playin goalie best be playing like holtby
I'll go but not if there are any dick jokes.
Congrats to the Buffs on their road win! You beat Utah and horrible officiating at the same time.
glad you're a fan too :)
why does that not surprise me. :-)
You're welcome. And thank you for all the incredible work you do for folks who suffered a stroke.
Watch Fourth Tron Uprising Trailer!
Kevin Kolb offers great value in fantasy because he can be drafted as a QB2 and he has a great shot at posting QB1 numbers
I have an appointment or booking every day this week. It's going to be a busy one. Back to the grind I go.
thank you Morgan :)
Love You Too Babe :)
With less than a minute to go, down by 1, misses two free throws.
Maloofs = Assclowns. Someone cue up that montage they made when the deal was struck the first time.
the battery life or life expectancy and which one were you planning on getting?
Pretty impressed with my airfare purchase skills of $166RT home for Easter! Combo of #Delta #SWA maybe my calling?
yes, please! You around on the 19th? It's my graduation, so we'll be eatin' and drinkin', no big party, just hanging out.
Buck needs to quit horses and start teaching crustpunks how to be cool to their dogs.
Taking notes... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> RT : she spends 5 hours a day tending to her face....
Haha I thot u meant my post I sent u
I feel really bad for the chick from the ultra savage ... cut her some slack guys it is ULTRA its not like you werent on something.
#FF and thans for following us!
Hey great to meet u too. We look forward to all that's ahead!
King Kenny out at LFC. Should be an interesting hire process to follow in the coming weeks.
Hooray! May the wind be at your back.
if you ever wondered why you always get with the wrong girls..check and see if you have dirt under your nails, women like clean men
Testing my 5th fish recipe of the day. Pretty soon I'm going to grow gills!
If you would like us to market your product/service/business or yourself, contact us at .
how in the world did that happen? LOL
BEAUTIFUL LADIES!!
Oh cool we can have OUR gym back now :)
Is it still open ??? Can adults make groceries and play with bubbles there too ?? #serious tweet RT : childrens museum?
It's really hard to take any professional serious when they sound exactly like Napoleon Dynamite.
A verry merry unbirthday to you.
Thoroughly enjoying Marilyn Manson's new Christmas album.
Attached for a starring role in an independent feature film that shoots in Big Bear for three weeks in September. More info to come. :-)
20 Jumping Jacks followed by 15 Push Ups! Yes. You. CAN!
I haven't had a Honey Bun in so long.
We have just changed our Facebook page to Timeline... it's pretty cool, come and take a look :)
what Up with this ride to porm and too kingisland
no way
thank you and see you tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Thanks buddy!!
writing thank you letters for last week's trip to charlotte, then cranking out a presentation on the confederate flag for tomorrow.
Waiting < to not wait
Sexual abuse against children is most often perpetrated by a friend/relative. Be vigilant.
heading over to visit Kimberly @ Simply Desserts to pick up some sweet treats for a birthday cookout this afternoon!
“: Doc Emerick is the man” (makes the game enjoyable)
Not too bad. Did a little running around today. Now I'm home for good, I hope :)
Junior member when we saw travis barker at the blokc
Did a lot better on the presentation than I thought we were gonna do..
What possesses echofon to have these wack ads popping up
All chem teachers love you..
- For the world tour… is America included … every American's are wondering if you'd go there b/c you'd been their recently?
Alshon jeffery welcome to chi town! great move emery!
At the public library...today it seems like a normal place
Pray for all those girls and leaders going on the retreat tonight! They need our prayers!
: I would rather YOU follow ME. Bhaha
We are just opening our doors Today!
no u mad
Two down, 160 more to go.
Twitter is the new facebook . Well thats the only way you can talk too bitches (;
lmaoo they be goin at it.. u should have called me.
mine might say JIGGY
Interesting thing I've noticed in this job. Execs want more information than is necessary where I prefer as little extra info as possible.
the viewing asked if Karl is drunk right now and 81% said yes
Really excited to see Freddy Couples has a share of the lead in It'll be tough to hold on but I'd love to see him win.
Of course. Screech comes in rubbing her stomach.
Tell us more about how that would work... Is there a software that automatically mutes TV or iPhone when sports news start?
Tough loss for the #RedSox as they lose 1-0 to Blue Jays on walk-off homer in the 11th. Beckett didn't make it of 4th inning due to injury.
you are a very wise man, unlike
And it's a nice night to be outside. :-)
Not gonna be on twitter for a while.
Talking to robots, more and more are attracted. It's all so strange.
A REAL RELATIONSHIP: has fights, trust, faith, tears, pain, argument, patience, secrets, jealousy & LOVE!
Isn't it sad when flight delays are the norm instead of the exception
While they may start out doing it for the candy, they soon become captivated with the idea of
I just saw Laurie from that 70's show's mugshot and holy shit...
On the OTHER hand, the Hispanic population has EXPLODED in the last 10 years, so how long do you continue to call a majority a minority?
setting up physical display space for dml creations - wonder if we will get people who are confident enough to ask to display
I gotta say, I've come to feel real good about my recorded voice. Here's hoping that one day I'll feel this good about pics & video!
You can suck my diznick!!!
Celebs Party And Go Hippie Chic At Coachella Music Festival
thank you, thank you thurr sexy ((;
Hey, check your DM for my meetup suggestion
Demonstrate to the company what you can offer them in advertising for there donation. Should be 3-4 advertising benefits
hell yea!
something that you need , sometimes want ... YOU KNOW
dats wuss up i sent you a email also.. im having difficulties buying the ones i want
that lady cray. So frustrating.
That Buy India a Library project you did? So full of #love. Keep it up!
I wanna be vegetarian, this includes not eat Seafood? I do not eat meat, chicken and fish. please reply me :) <3.
m 1/2 natural chocolate. Not really interested in what the non natural 50% contains
skip stop with the cowboys. Remember you said the giants we're the worst team in the NFC east last year in pre season. LOL
Let me tell ya what happens when you turn 50 young tweeters. AARP ads, bunyons and too many dear friends dying. Go eat, drink and be merry.
you're welcome.. I aw trying to come out there but no one was going to take me that far sowwy
The check is in the mail. Sorry it didn't go out yesterday - busy day!
school tomorroow:( bed son.
Checked into the Mayflower and watching Star Wars (until the game starts obvi )! Thanks !!! You're the best.
Someone asks if we could offer a weekly Christian Rap/Hip Hop show on What do you think?
Charter Internet is faster than the Internet at home
need 2 add Mobli App. It's truly great.
It takes skill to trip over flat surfaces...
I've been trying to sleep for 30 minutes. This isnt working lol
Looking for an audience? Wanna be part of one? We have Open Mic nights every Tuesday and Wednesday. Come on down!
Ehhhh is this spam?
which game?
Online booking is up and running again. YAY! Click the "Book Your Massage" tab to the left to check it out...
Lawrence* Sorry.
Coffee at clc makes my morning. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
my teacher said we could request a song. I automatically thought of I'm tasty, Then he said it had to be school appropriate.
There's no worse feeling than sleeping with socks on.
TURN TO YOU, You are such a huge inspiration..
Can anyone recommend a very reliable brand for USB flash drives?
Marcy Massura on growing communities and managing the community managers.
I am working on this goddamn book, no time for love Dr Jones
So often time it happens, we all live our life in chains, and we never even know we have the key. ~The Eagles
Free yoga in Schenley Plaza today at noon. It's a beautiful day for it!
is delivering the goods on Facebook marketing & analytics / engagement at right now!
also hope Ware goes and they keep Scott and Brown. And watch: They'll pick up a TE from the Packers who are loaded with 'em.
#FF Go see their last 2 shows of The Invisible Man/Jekyll & Hyde tonight and Sat, 7:30p at the Alchemist Theatre!!!
#FF #BridgeDay | Tomorrow Fayetteville becomes one of the state's largest and most adrenaline filled cities,
Buying #Chronicle today on blu-ray!!!
Heat fans who thought they'd sweep Pacers should check to see how Pacers only had 4 less wins, in a harder division.
To the a-hole who stole my catalytic converter while I worked I hope you get cancer from the precious metals! Or at least drop it on ur toe
Maybe this explains the slow Internet on campus...
Are my fellow Chicagoans ready for the NATO Summit next weekend
right? I can hardly believe it myself.
you taking off on twitter bruh.
Not for nothin' but it is what it is.-
did PM call you? I'm wrapping up YL while you deal with the group seating onslaught. Let me know if you need me.
If you don't like the ICONic boyz, you should just unfollow me now.
Hey Seth, how about Scott Cherry for GMU coach? Great name, by the way.
Happy mothers day 2 dat pregnant mom who wuz found dead in her apartment
I say Obama leaves at halftime!
That one's good too, but I was thinking of Make Some Noise.
Oh good point!!! Shoot. I will fix.
i am so sorry!!!! how about we go now????
Currently or all-time? Currently, obviously first. All-time, somewhere in the 4-7 range.
Goodnight, Des Moines. I'll love you forever.
on KUOW right now!
Thank you!
People are still doing the thing where they pretend a good NCAA team could beat an NBA team? I thought we moved past this.
Na jonesy is at least capable of human emotions
get of that damn game
alright the feed is open like . . nevermind.
Come in today for $1.50 Mexican beer!!!! Also bring the kiddos for kids eat free!!!
Glad it made it! Enjoy and have a beer for me.
Do you think today's events put the sell-out streak at the RG at risk?
Aww! Give him a happy birthday hug from me, too. :)
Happy Halloween everybody!! Don't gain gain alot of weight lol :)
Indeed it is! :)
Today is my birthday also <U+E415> happy birthday!
#LetsMove Flash Workouts have been a worldwide success thanks you all! Big surprise COMING SOON -- get ready! RETWEET!
Thanks for the #FF mentions & !
Went 2 COMIKAZI comic convention LA Convention Center today.Marina Sirtis/Counselor Deanna Troi was there & addressed me as YOUNG MAN:)
On the 16th is 's birthday! Wish I could celebrate with her..Love u Janet!!
Eating my Klondike!! :)
your welcome. Good night!
hoping to be able to talk to pierre omidyar, plans to reduce emission needs an investor
Why does everyone seem to think all decisions should be made by politicians and voters? We have courts for a reason.
I might have something until 5--I'll give you a ring after that!
Shooting at Marlowe and Camp Greene #clt #cltnews Pray for the families and victim.
The world is heavily influenced..
RT My married co-worker just showed me his Ashley Madison account. #NoTurningBackNow // Ugh
whtever u never called me after the mall!!!!! mala!
Now, That was a subtle message....lol
Resistance to #SOPA proves coordinated citizen effort can defeat MSM who ignored it; we can rally and spread truth- ppl dont trust MSM
i just listen to that song.
Why are U highlighting the WashTimes, a right-wing paper w/no journalistic integrity, or facts?
KNOW WHAT IM SAYIN “: I spit more rhymes than a lazy Susan and i'm innocent till' my guilt is proven... peace. #JRocBaby”
so true :)
Just in case I forget tomorrow is
Wanna lose a boner fast? 3 words: Sex With Oprah
yeah that might be a bit difficult...
moment of terror in boxing. Tyson/Spinks fight. Tyson hit his gloves together (at start of round one). Spinks nearly collapses in fright!
Thank you!!
14 more people go follow :)
Anyone else in metrowest Boston on Comcast having slow internet? Traceroute shows 2-3 seconds per hop and speed tests show just ~3000kbps
ditto...can't believe it's only 7pm now!
True, our feet don't gain weight, but the heavier we women get, the harder it is for us to handle wearing high heels. It hurts!
I loved playing on the road in college. No better feeling than a silent gym. Wish I could play tonight! 2:15 to tip-off.
So we're running from a skunk in my neighborhood and all I can think is, "Please don't spray me in my sweats!"
Countdown to the opening of the exhibit #canyouwalkaway on Feb 17! 10 more days! #slavery,
agreed. And the speed and the quality hence my notion of learning to-the-power of 'e' - enable, extend and enhance learning
Hey! What's your schedule like today 4/9...
It's because I love him that I'll destroy anyone who tries to take him. <3
There is plenty of speculation about how #facebook #timeline for brands will look and function. Any predictions?
No limits are set to the ascent of man, and to each and everyone the highest stands open. Here it is only your personal choice that...
i think ella is the only one having any fun
Thanks to everyone who came out to support me but most importantly thanks to my LFL RB.
well, looks like ill be going to semi alone!(:
Enjoying the new Pavement Sea album
OK aha
I called you back i miss you bae tata gone Dahmir with her and nana gone so are you go be home tonight
I didn't think you could outdo the pic in the UK jersey, but WOW!...beautiful!
can people plz follow me
He A
Not yet, we'll be sending those emails out after all applications are in and reviewed.
No sign of end to Europe's debt crisis, despite various proposals & market optimism. There's no leadership, as different interests squabble.
CNBC finally switched to hockey (PDX). What happened for the first hour? But no sound yet.
You are capable of far greater things than you realize. You know it deep in your head already. Pull your feet from the mud and go.
does the navy test for PEDs?
Strippergate star Ralph Inzunza has a date for his bail review July 1st before Judge Miller--pack a toothbrush?
same sex marriage means you and ur wife like the same positions!!!
Scottish or Icelandic
I'm going to bed love you guys good night and good morning
Eye Empire.
I wouldn't throw out the family lore without looking at more evidence beyond the one original source. What fun!!!
fuck you :/ I wanna weigh less
we really are though. oh well, more fun for us.
Cyborg Santos suspended 1 yr for steroid use? This is an outrage!! I would never guess that in a million years.
Be sure to check out the story on Ingrid in the October issue of !!
That 1 thing that makes you special, you know, the thing bullies bug u about, well the bullies wish they had it.
I am so sorry for your lose.
Possible no-no going on. 6 outs to go.
Q3 we have a "quiet room" in the office for that and other activities so no sleeping that I know of in our little library.
Will definitely be back for another soon! :)
#HarryPotter and the #DeathlyHallows comes out friday; the premiere was awesome (a saturday night well spent at home!)
FORTY-NINERS HOME GAME
freestyle friday
awe i love your pic! Haha
haha. I had to come double check. My last visit is a little blurry.
There are no podcasts from March in my backlog. Onward to April!
One day I'll tell you some fascinating espionage gossip. When you grow up inside the Beltway, there are some crazy stories.
well thanks! I appreciate that!
Check on your neighbors, esp. older or disabled people. Share up-to-date info and if they need emergency help, call 9-1-1.
I love a good thunderstorm.
They're both full of rich substance and satisfying stories that assume intelligence in viewers. Unfortunately the viewer didn't reciprocate.
no one cares anymore, relax
Don't blame me. RT WOW. : #Broncos inactives: Bailey, Dumervil, Lloyd, Moreno, D. Thomas, M. Thomas, Williams
My favorite song of 2011 is
Put that wiz khalifa Color in the front of ya'll head
I love how all activity is about the Pens
“: the Humming Herder is going to change your night ~ Piscología pisco, lavender, Bitter End Moroccan bitters, lemon, nutmeg.”
Don't forget, we have a FREE LUNCH for a lucky friend when he hit Facebook "like" number 100. Pass the word!
“: One million memories, ten thousand inside jokes, one hundred shared secrets, one reason: Best friends”<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
Engagement requires personalization beyond features/benefits. Tell stories about your customers and how your product fits their lifestyle.
'Sometimes God says, "No, wait." This is very difficult to accept. We prefer, "Yes, now."' Bill Oudemolen
My point was, the reform in Mass. did not solve the problem, just renamed it. If you are going to make change -then change!
gracias, for including Mary Oishi's title SPIRIT BIRDS THEY TOLD me in the holiday guide, out now.
BJORK has a new song out called Virus, it’s an extended metaphor discussing love’s likeness to a virus, which needs a host to propagate.
Have you caught any of our cool high school nicknames? If not check-out #hsnicknames. Neat stuff light Poco Dots & Mars Fightin Planets.
glad to join you on tweeter :)
People talk bout what guys need to do for a relatonship but a relatonshp has 2 people So why isnt there anything bout what girls need to do?
You are perfect.
Maybe I'll ask my roomies for baking tips
Oomfs Says The Cutest Stuff To Me <3
Free for #Vegas locals before 1am!
Go bucks I will always back Terrelle Pryor, if I could sell my autograph on a sweaty jockstrap and make 200$ when I can't have a job I would
Shut down west and we'll kill you with the rest
I can't even remember what I used to do in traffic before the iPhone
Gotten? Is that from the makers of it has already been broughten?
Awesome panel. Audience is already responding. Now we're discussing the disconnect with mentors btwn millennials and boomers
They might want to lower ticket prices if it is JLS.
I'm tired of being tired.
Yeah...many curry pastes have fish sauce &/or shrimp paste in them. We get one that doesn't (Aroy-D), but restaurants? crap shoot.
Just getting on and trying to figure out twitter
thank you for the encouragment.
you doing camden?
Tell me you saw it at the Mall of America
everybody follow my lil bro plzz he really needs followers he is loosing his mind lol
"wow that bad: Me and phones don't get along at all good thing I got insurance"
aren't reunions the best?!
same. Just music :)
and I didn't get a ticket:'(
is by far the sweetest guy ever!
would you like to tell us what you're reading for friday's "what are you reading?" post? hello(at)youplusmedesign(dot)com!
Hark I'm pumping iron now so I don't look like a big wide cow. When I'm done I'll drink hot chocolate though without marshmallows now.
I'm one of those people who can't settle for mediocrity. I need full on crash-and-burn failure. /via
Really 2 days before my birthday...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
can you stop by douglass hs tomorrow between 330-715...hoopfest hosted by coach burg
Misheard lyric: she wears an Egyptian wig, it sparkles before she sleeps. Know the song?
i cant DM you back because youre not following me...but i'm open to ideas for collab. we have an historic property.
I got really excited because I saw a spiderman book and I banged my head on the rack trying to get it ):
Sending tweets in school cuz its new to you
when i worked in cataloging, i once wrote to an educational dvd company with corrections to all the typos on the packaging
That's great, I'll check it out. I have several patients with fibromyalgia.
i have lots of extremely attractive followers, hollllaaa
Wow! You have 5 #JAMposters, we are so glad you like Ella and Frank. Thanks for keeping #Jazz alive!
lol thx for the love! You are gorgeous btw!! ;)
I wish!
catless??? Nobody should ever be catless! Would u like to borrow one of mine?
app called pic stitch
#Imagine you're crying in your room. Then Niall walks in. He says nothing. He holds you tight and gives you a soft kiss on the lips.
Sometimes when I think about kittens, I get all emotional because it reminds me that one day we are all going to die, much like your kittens
S/O to the newest additions 2
Rev. Lennox Yearwood, hip hop caucus, re: states' new voting laws. "This is our lunch counter moment."
Doing #longnails then #taking them off #because they tick
Who can say if I've been changed for the better, but because I knew you I have been changed for good.
It's TOO early!!!
Right. Although, I have a clean shirt (for now).
The smell of a sharpie...
LMFAO. THIS JOKE I JUST HEARD ABOUT WANTING TO BE TEXAN, lol no, texas is like THE WORST state in the US. it sucks ass.
a day with only one meeting? could it be? something's not right....
you know it!!!!!!!!! So psyched for Promosaurus!
Mmhmm. I decided I can never live anywhere without a Container Store and Trader Joe's.
Love my new friends, and <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
So apparently my brother waited on Amy Winehouse's parents tonight at the Pub.
Standing in the middle of our cold-a-sack looking for my momma to drive down the hill. I start school in 10 min
Thanks for entering the #KeyToBlackKeys Giveaway! Winners announced tomorrow morning on Twitter at 9 AM! Good Luck!
Great stuff, ladies! Thx for wisdom!
hard to find locals... training now with Mistress Susan now as her pet kitti kathy
hahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahaha !!! gothca el oh el!!!! :p
Taking in some museums, a baseball game... you know, the usual ;-) RT Bueller!!! Where have you been!?
Great streak ! RT : #Brewers John Axford's consecutive saves streak ends at 49, fourth in MLB history.
lets get this SOH project popin!
What's your favorite Jewish blog? What's your favorite blog of any kind?
Shot a huge comedy scene last night with Pancho Molar and his friend Joe. Great fun, but hard work.
Cool, I'll give it a read, thanks for the pass along.
I googled a picture of george bush the other day and my brother do kinda look like him lmao
Has a cactus ever rubbed up against you?
that brings the cool! #Smbme glad your team is here!
"Buzzword" is officially a buzzword, did you know that?
Average length of a coat hanger when straightened: 44 inches
that or like you, scoured the earth for perfect names for my kids.
RT : A3: to put it simply, "getting in to the wrong stuff". This statement can be applied to most, if not all, religions.
So glad that its raining. What a cozy day.
A triumph! We should do it again and again!
I hate my phone with a passion
I love me some Terry RT : I will become a fan of whatever team Terry Francona manages next
One Time
was amazing at Book and Stage at the Cosmopolitan tonight!
Are we playing inter-league already?!?! Damn time flies.
well, well, well. The vice president has finally made it to the Twitter
On the road again. Get ready Dallas.
I Hate him .
I LOVE YOU
RT engadget Samsung Galaxy Tab P1000 gets wild with Android 2.2: Recognize those bits and bobs? By now you should....
No prob. I did, hat tip to you good sir.
Is it too early to complain that Spring failed to arrive to the NW while I was gone? I'm doing it anyhow. Commence whining session.
with the current state of med and tech in this field, how long do you think it will take?
“: #Leos tend to communicate their feeling and thoughts with humor.” so true
In War: Resolution. In Defeat: Defiance. In Victory: Magnanimity. In Peace: Goodwill. -Sir Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill
"Reinvention is the key to longevity." Now Whirlpool story at
I can meet with you tomorrow re:
good job bb. good luck on your boards!
i think that jewish/holocaust jokes are hilarous..and frankly i dont give a fuck,
So when did the "Freedom Tower" become "One World Trade Center"?
Ur the loudest crowd so far! We won't let the rain stop us! Never! Thx to all the beautiful signs u made
Wow...LOL loving the Madonna / Elton John / Gaga Feud! Thoughts?!
I can't go over how adorable my background is, ok. I'm sorry.
Finishing paperwork. Getting ready for the weekend!!
Yes, is usually on it! Stephen Elliott raves, too. Gotta be something to such diverse sources of praise =)
Unfortunately, her participation in PRINCE OF BROADWAY means that Sierra Boggess will not be apart of REBECCA.
RT : I'm tired of mo'fuckas saying they worried about me when the fact is they probably never gave a fuck about me.
do I have a choice?
CBS live video feed alert: ‘We now take you to Indianapolis where the Baltimore Colts have fired their coach…’ Gotta love non-sports people!
Mavs-Bulls Final?
once again you're wrong. Tebow
Small choices we make every day can have a major impact on our health. Customize Taco Time’s menu items with light and healthy options.
I agree! I'm a reader at Actor's Key, and I love running his workshops. SO actor friendly!
myfault if I got down on U wasn't my purpose! Friend! Either way I wasn't judging!
Anybod modeling or know models tht wanna be in a music video ( nothin degrading)
what's?? I want some
wow. headache. not as bad as I thought it would be.
Checking the inside covers of my deathly hallows book to make sure it wasn't all a dream :)
getting contact drunk from the alcohol fumes from the guy next to me.
Took the role of a grandma....the fun of ghost blogging. Next the role of a realtor :)
My weekend might be spent going to the rave friday night and MetalFest saturday :D gotta see
This is nacho your regular night - it's 1/2 price burger night!
So my findings are indeed correct, just about everywhere!
RT I wish Steve Zahn was calling the game instead of Gregg Zaun
Scary stuff going on at - Be safe !!!
hope ur doing good at home! Just checking up on u!!! miss u at school! :(
How to Maximize Your Home Office Tax Deductions
3 steps to healthy skin: cleansing, skin toners, and moisturizers to hydrate and protect skin.
Honestly, the week was really bad. Got a cold on Sunday. Started new job Monday 5x/wk. Continued tutoring JK. Teaching at night, too.
Good ones! Thanks.
I really am Luca Brasi. Guess nobody told you.
that pan better have been buttered cause I sho didn't see in the kitchen witchu!!!
I need a real good woman in my life
OK go ahead and talk crap about me but u need to learn how to keep your legs shut and your mouth quiet.
Hey Aaron, I know we were going to get together. Send me a message and we can reschedule. Family stuff is under control again.
Look up the song Play Dead :)
: "In Soviet Russia, coke snorts you".
I can't believe we have to wait a week haha this is going to be so annoying
The suspends builds.
Web browser deployable and high performance? I am open to other technology choices. What do you prefer?
EyreAffair: Do we win free registration? ;-)
RT : There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. - Colin Powell
I really need to just buckle down for the next two weeks but instead I keep taking early evening naps...
I do not want to work today....
and banana leaves definitely impart flavor. Will be really interesting. Like a cooler stuffed cabbage!
I couldn't read it very well, I tried google translate but it failed:')<3
ya'll all soft like limp dick
"If you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big." -Donald Trump.
once again, provides excellent public radio coverage of maxwell fire in Lefthand, while CPR remains slave to its NPR schedule.
Hahaha.... It would be an epic series... never fails to be anything but
Nope. No bowling next week.
The time is ripe for a web-based chametz auction system. This market has gone without proper price discovery for too long.
We've Only Just Begun
Thanks to all of our 11 preferred caterers for bringing such delicious food tonight!
At work gone end up doing 11 hours Today Goodbye Summer but Hello $$$$ LOL
Gel shellac manicure & pedicure $38. Pearl location. 5032244099. ;-)
Wait, why is A-Train trending if he doesn't wrestle anymore.....
Producers that changed my life... #jaydee, God bless
thank you sissy!! Love you!!
“: How do you enhance your best feature? #OneQuickQuestion” black liquid liner everyday
Even though it's a dreary day out, I'm feeling some positive vibes.
According to dems you can't put a price on democracy. Really? Since when do they care about that? Democracy means voting not BS recalls.
On a porch full of skynyrd, beer, and cigarettes. I feel like I should be somewhere more south of MD right now.
nothing much just getting ready for school n u :)
have fun my friend
If i were to leave yo life...thangs wouldn't be the same.
How bout them bucks!!
exactly, similar as to why we whistle or hum
The Good Stuff - Kenny Chesney
Who am I? (Sometimes we want to be something we are not )
Buford does alot more than just hit big threes for OSU. Many loose balls and some big rebs today.
Off The Clock Bar & Grill is proud to be featuring Rehorst Vodka & Gin through the end of September. $4 Tall cocktails!
yes me too too many is too much
Thanks so much to Media Mikes for posting about our film!
I'm glad you didn't end up like Arnst.
Holiday giving results: 46%, Ronald McDonald House 34%, Red Cross 20%. No one loses. Thanks for the Tweets!
Last I heard, an erection is NOT a medical necessity.
smells like burning in the office!
dear starbucks, thank you so much for the free drink! I'm super glad we're friends :)
might be food allergies. I used to get sick all the time then found out I was allergic to a few foods. Removing them fixed it.
HA! last weeks #community is amazing!
That WAS rather brilliant of me, yes?
Basketball tomorrow...basketball everyday. Love it.
sounds like being stubborn to me
lol Its funny
Glad to hear you like it! This SunBelt Oats & Honey Chewy Granola Bar > > > > >
what is that ? lol
u aint gotta computer with a web cam
I'm sorry I didn't tweet you back yesterday :) <33
Cousin Nicki who has been battling a vicious cancer for almost 2 years has taken a turn for the worse with a brain bleed that is inoperable.
u put the hook on the jam yet?
DONE. Thank the Good Lord.
time to start networking...recording artist/engineer/video director/photographer....ima make it out somehow
Done and done!
MLK would have turned 80 last week had he not been assasinated. That's th same age as Joyce Sneed, who pulled up a chair in a friend's y ...
dc is a bandwagon sports town... If they keep winning people will start going
Swingfest 2010 has 3 pools for even more crazy excitement! Each pool will have its own sponsors and contest, and DJ’s will rock each pool!
Last question!
Hes doing that shady thing where he tries to exclude someone Im the target this time
It doesn't show much of "The Clock" but it does prove that BBC news coverage of the arts can be just as cheesy as American coverage.
better it happen now. They'll be fine. Their bench could use a few more games like last night.
Sounds good!
including your own Mama....you couldn't do it with your own sperm, cause you have no balls (OSU football flop)
Thx! RT : check out our new friends , is you are a business in and around Miami - hit them up ..so to speak :)
What I do in my spare time: practicing warming up my voice by talking like Cat Valantine and trying to sing exactly like <3
Types of questions to ask. Objective, interpretive, decisional, reflective.
My son's team was killing these guys til Westerberg walked in. Get lost, Paul
hey sweetheart I ended up doing both u shoulda seen me I did 2massages and still made it to the show on time pimpen : )
It's just us against the world.
my tl is old
#IdTradeRomoFor a Kim and Kris Reunion!
I don't care if you care about time if you don't care about MY time!
thank you do much!!!
I'm heading to Providence to speak about at the Community Music Works Symposium on Music and the Civil Society
EVERYONE HAVE A GREAT HOLIDAY WEEKEND BE SAFE!!
Thanks for following and great job today at Praise and Progress.
We are all made out of atoms, nonliving material. In reality, everything is nonliving.
#childhoodsandwiches mayonnaise sandwiches
we tend to act like termites sometimes... writers are quite odd sometimes, i think you'll agree lol
Champions for Children sets Live Radio Show for April 28 - Palestine Herald Press
Working learners have to be on purpose to be successful.
get at me about custom scissors my co. Not a big box manufacturer done here in the US
One of these days, Mike, one of these days!
was my first friend here :) #Ha #LoveYou ;)
A colleague is recruiting participants in #SF for a study of men's clothing in the corporate workplace. If interested, DM me for details.
you could teach us how to be happier or how to self publish or how to use sm for business.
Robert Alford gave a fabulous reading of Kurt Hummel: aging fairy loved by older gay male viewers and women but not queer youth
Awesome RT (1267) In odd 'tax the Jews' angle, French Bishop agrees to protect Jews in return for 1/13 of shul seat-rental $.
I'll be there. See you Friday.
Fantastic, I have a pretty nasty sunburn from standing waiting in line today for 2 hours in the sun *sigh*
the day needs to have more hours! I cant get anything done anymore...=/
great stuff man. consider us fans!! do u see ours?
Just job Rod..
It's supposed to rain this week.... Can't wait.
Honey, this mirror isn't big enough for the two of us!
Still some really interesting questions that need answers...anyone up for some research? Carbon footprint of closed farms?
Goodnight wifey. RT : Done trying. Time for bed.<U+270C>
I just want a night game at home. Tailgating the early games is pointless. The middle ones is better
That is certainly a component but it involved a MLA member. :) RT : its the emerald city of course!
Tip #1:Kindle Books for Libraries: If your Kindle is 3G, but does not have wireless, you can transfer to title to your Kindle w/ USB cord.
Be nice to or he can move in with the Pug Posse!
HAPPY BDAY HANDSOME I LOVE U!!
Açaí pulp: A #remarkable concentration of antioxidants that help combat #prematureaging, with 10 times more #antioxidants than
#SpriteSlam Stacy Patton
Whenever one door closes, I hope one more opens
I'm in San Francisco to do a presentation.
Ok, if the dorky Disson skating shows continue, can we aim for a Jeremy Abbott, Muse special? Jeremy skating to Resistance would be great.
you make my day:) thank you<33
thanks! I'm not so great at design, but I was pretty proud of that
I really want to make a difference in people lives !
RT : Student/library collaborative at Indiana University pairs undergrads w/ librarians for #innovation projects
I am so f*cking sleepy...(-___-)z
Happy national siblings day to and !
never realized that i was actually thinking a lot about what being good means until recently
Thanks for joining us at Mount Sharon Gardens Mother's Day Tour!! 1800 visited! Proceeds to Preservationva & Boys & Girls Club Orange.
and with digital don't forget to use your camera date settings for same reason :)
- depends on one's decision criteria. In my world there are valid reasons to choose Java. Another scenario could differ
same! I'm glad we share that sentiment, pal. I've got two of him on a shelf here.
There's gonna be a whole lotta #flamenco going on in TX starting May 11th for Central Market's Passport Spain event!
If a Favre is sacked in the forest and no one is there to hear him scream, does he make a sound?
Thought I would just drop by and say hello since I have made a brief stopover in the Twitterverse.
thanks for hooking us all up at falling rock last night.
GOP Rep. Robin Vos on Walker budget cut plan: "These cuts are never easy, they’re not something we look forward to."
Watched documentary "Unfriendly Skies" twice. Airline Industry Analyst said that some airlines charge $15 for the first bag, worst move!
we very sensibly close between christmas and new year's. back with bushy tails and bright eyes on jan 2. babies welcome!
Good friends, very good books plus a drowsy conscience: this is the perfect life.
Just heard thunder on Christmas. Weird.
ooh cool what did she said abour mex? haha i love it
If your ringtone is a Black Eyed Peas song you have 4 seconds to answer before the entire office throws their stapler at you
Anyone out in Lowell, MA this Saturday, May 12th, #NY takes over! Madbeast and G.O.T.M The Worthen House! Covered by
I don't wanna see fannypak back on ABDC we already seen them I wanna see some new crews :/ #
Remember that hilarious April Fool's joke played on the public by the media? Neither do I.
Thank you! Excited for the opening party tonight!!
Let it be a loss!
now playing homie. let's party.
wishing I was at
The secret of happiness at work lies in one word: excellence. It is good that he enjoys it
IT'S GAMEDAY IN THE BLUEGRASS!
#catchingfire is blowing my mind!!! Started earlier this evening and now on page 188....gotta keep reading!!!
Interesting cover of New York Times magazine. Tiger - the reappearance.
I love that the history of this place is everywhere, our architecture is amazing, we just need to preserve it
maybe this makes me old, but who the eff is Karmin?
no heat bro!
Great places all around! What about riding down by the beach?
Hi...thank you so much. Very kind. (Just finished writing a book, too. Stay tuned. :-)
baby steps!
Interview in Sunday for a new job.. First time I've actually needed a job in three years
that sounds like a PERFECT idea love <3333
follow back pleease:)
Looking for a breast cancer survivor under 50 who is alive because of early detection.... E-mail me at
Ricardo you judgmental man
True friends say nice things behind your back not mean things.
I'm not positive, depends what time I leave work!
Already filled out the form! Thanks again.
good football weekend, all my teams won
And the subtweets begin.
Alum Board Chair Boyce Legg: "Stay involved and stay connected to Lynchburg College. There's never been a better time to be an alum."
Did I hear that scanner traffic right? Dane Co Hwy is sending a plow to free Gov. Walker, stuck on the far east side.
Trying to get to bed before 1am
Day 2 of #wcts12 underway with a moving keynote from Wakabayashi Masahiro <U+82E5><U+6797><U+6B63><U+4E08> about Yeh Jung-chung <U+8449><U+5BB9><U+9418>'s life & impact on Taiwan history
AGREED. I WOULD LIKE TO CONGRATULATE HIM ON HIS FACE.
excellent! Let me know!
If you're sleeping on the #author #ColeHart you need to wake up. A-Town Veteran is his debut #streetlit #novel on#Amazon. Check it out.
Tomorrow is another day...
Where else can you go and shop for fun smelling absolutley tempting mouth watering Foot Scrubbys Did i mention 30 Flavors(scents) oops yumm!
where is spring its cold again in nyc
What a bunch of bs ...
T-T I can't say. But it would take a while to get to LA. :"( I really wanna see SHINee~
(cont.) a healthy mind and body. FOLLOW us on Twitter for more updates!
Carl Beane on his job as #RedSox PA announcer: "I could do this until I'm on the other side of the grass." Rest in peace, Carl.
Interview: Make the body-mouth connection for optimal health
Down 5-0 going into the bottom of the 7th.
S.W.A.G. - Sacrifice Will Achieve Greatness
Becuz its finals and teachers wanna give exams right before the final... WTF
That should apply to failed districts as well. Those who cant get acredited and those who perform at the bottom in thier state
Boa ... I got trust issues.. Fareal I need to stop
oh my gosh you are so sweet! What a compliment!! ps we're going out for drinks tomorrow night, you and Elise should join us!
Bama postman just traveled
tweet me if you want an ariana icon :)
At Mysteries to Die For, listening to discuss THE NEXT ONE TO FALL, talk about 3rd Lily Moore - and then a stand-alone!
I probably shouldn't write a story about someone writing a story. It's just all around bad news bears.
2012-Here's a clip of the boyfriend video. 2050-Here's another clip to the boyfriend video.
haha I just followed you I'm sorry
year strong just on today fm. Random surprise for the drive home haha :)
Congratulations to on the new book from all of the Conservatives (and your Liberal friends too...) in residence at
Wow! RT #hokiehealthcodeathon may have most outstanding group of prototypes seen at a #health2dev codeathon cc
If you could star in the movie remake of your choice, which part and movie would it be? Post here-
Leaders encourage others to think for themselves. -Sam Sheppard
Thanks! We're excited about it, too. Say hi to -- he built it. Please let us know if you have any feedback.
Love when people hire you to do a design then act like they are the designer ! why did you call me again if your going to do it?
Welcome to Twitter!
Enjoying this.. Like a good neighbor, Gloria is there!
We! RT hit the Candy Shop...$7 dances from some quality ladies.
Whatsup Robert?!?!? Did you have fun at prom??
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination ~ Tommy Lasorda
lol I think thats like 2:10 pm in my time. Hahha well I'm gonna go to sleep! Have a good day! :D
Pretty sure it costs a LOT of money.
that was a sad one. a noun...trying to modify another noun..."signifying nothing"
T1: Twitter is great tool to help nonprofits, like on Nov. 15 at #Twanksgiving tweetup!! ;)
#ithoughtyoulookedgood until I smelled you.
I love your icon on Twitter account with !
Off to SFO
I can't help to say I am addicted to petinaed leather. Yap my first real addiction and will be sharing my addiction one creation at a time
Been a busy day.... I wouldnt have it any other way!
getting a new piercing >>>
;) Sounds good!! I am sure I can work it out. No worries.
this girl must not know that we got jesus on our side
great catching up with over coffee - good luck this morning!!
Ha, smart guess! I spy a redhead in front of me if that helps...
I feel you bro... #storyofmylife :P
“: Female? London area? Would you ike to be spanked? DM! (your limits respected, everything consensual)” ~ Wow. Just Wow!
If you don't have any goals, then you gone be struggling living paycheck to paycheck
You are welcome. I love him too! We have great taste.
You mess with the king, you best not miss.
And Natalie won, I wanna cry....
friends and interested parties please check out my facebook fan page and I hope you "like" it. look for Adam Sizemore Music
Watched Mad Men last night. I need to wear a suit more often; holy shit.
. Thanks for the RT and shoutout! Stay up, Jasmine!
its been forever! I'm in milwaukee right now.
*ONLY* TWO DONUTS?! ... FTFY
I don't quite understand why everyone is hating on Marcum this year, he's been good. Especially dealing w/ bad defense & poor run support
For the last week, it's been in the high 70's. I'm betting on snow before the end of March.
Miley & Liam are cute !!
is anyone else's #nats audio messed up on MASN?
Psyched for SRJO: Ellington's Far East Suite tonight at Benaroya . Pre-show dinner upstairs
A lot of upside with Bryan Bennett for Duck fans...
Off to the Chopper Mr. President...musn't keep Seattle waiting...though I'd imagine they'd probably be "over it" if you were late...
good thing I don't live in Watts either.
iPhone? Still debating with myself especially since I don't qualify for an upgrade since I got a new phone a few months ago.
Can u follow me? just tweet me if you did, so i#Promise i'll follow you backˆ<U+2323>ˆ
If I'm having a good enough jam out session in the car, I will, without shame, ignore my ringing cell phone.
Let's make sure all children are protected from child sexual abuse.
I heard everyone is whoring double assist in austin
RT : Student-athletes: You have the power to control your identity online. Your words, your pictures, your choice.
ARE YOU READY FOR #PhlirtyFridays? Email to get on the REDUCED ADMISSION GUESTLIST!!
thanx! I'm doing some green screen shots tonight (:
Am I the only person who saw Undertaker accidentally get pinned for a three count tonight? Feels like I'm on crazy pills.
Get inspired! Clairemont Garden Tour tickets for this Saturday are available at Sandwich Emporium...$12 each/$10 for seniors
Was there a good answer? ;-) ... RT : Best faculty meeting question today, during email discussion: "Where is the cloud?"
preggers? Umm..I'm not lol but I still wish I would've called the police. I'm still hurt by all of this *tragic*
` man i want some cake (:
OMG, I have I told you latest #PopRox gossip?! You really should just come to my other #BookClub :)
Nice job...songs keep memories alive
well shanks
Kool as u get better it'll get longer..
I need to become a master of the mobile self portrait with baby jack. want more photos of the two of us but the ones I've taken are meh.
chased him for a few blocks but he was always a full block ahead.
I know! Exhausting night! Got to bed about 3:30. Wicked critters!!!
hey amber.. can i get a follow back??
Thank you so much! We're proud to be a startup with its roots in #Savannah!
oh you on
Colonel sanders works at ihop. What a betrayal.
I love you too baby! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Just ate some red velvet ice cream.. it was to good
Looking to hire a food blogger in Atlanta and Tampa, any suggestions?
when she gets out of line? Lmao I don't think I'll be tangling with her when she gets out of line.
Brick can you Please LOan ME 1500 ROBUX, I can pay you back once my limited sell, but I need the MONEY Right now.
Shout out to all the basic bitches still taking pictures in public bathrooms.
in nashville please i live in lebanon(;
lol not like that! U told everyone u were making another so ppl r going crazy and can't wait! It's a good thing! :)
Thank God, a panel of actual experts on the false black/gay divide!
I'm all for playoff basketball but dam the fouling Dirk
Chris Brown is ugly.
Coming back to Madison from Buffalo then off to Wisconsin Rapids. I'm going to play the kid next to me's DS for the next 2 hrs.
haha, thank you! idek, in incognito I suppose seems like the best answer. did I miss anything relevant?
yeah man. Was that your first time seeing em?
Board Retreat tonight. A strong board of directors is essential to the success of any non profit. It begins tonight!
if you drink and.need a babysitter stay home and drink don't go out cause ruckus
"is this the apocalypse supply line?"
Feng is an Obama supporter?
is on at school and I'm rockin so hard. Perm baby Perm, :)
no I never will. No way.
email me a few tracks: Interviewed you on 6th street during SXSW
How is Open Graph data affected by sharing through a #linksy campaign (with custom content around a link)?
Need a couple of #actors in the #Philadelphia area for a short/sketch piece!
lol it really is and funny
Good Monday Morning... Who will you be a blessing to Today? Who will you be an impact on this week. Make it an amazing Week!
I hear June is a terrific time for more fun. I hope BMC is beard-friendly as I've grown one since we last shot.
What is the word gang?
THE OMEGA 2010 PEP RALLY TOUR IS AT STEVENS HIGH SCHOOL TOMORROW MORNING... SO BE READY YALL!
I focus on television primarily, and I think we have a potential cinema person. Open to all Asian media :)
"The history of the frontier is a unifying American theme, for every part of the country was once a frontier, every region was once a West."
Great job; have to run to prep for a call. Back later today or tomorrow.
You want the bandwidth? You can't handle the bandwidth!!!
Just sleep it out.
Get experience through internships or engagement of reality of what you want to do.
FOLLOW ME!I WILL FOLLOW BACK!
"And it hurts me to know im alone now, and its worse when I know that I chose it."
#YeahhBuddyy you excited for #travisporter to be in #pcb when we are .?
one more flight and I will be home!
today was pretty alright i guess..nothing to do tonight.
I've yet to find a job where they just give you money and prizes for showing up but I can dream
Prolly not, gotta wake up early
This includes connecting with customers where they hang out online and engaging in conversations about the topics most important to them
Hipsters should thank for his ironic quotable gifts. #MercurySurfboard #BiWinning #TigerBlood #
Putting skinny jeans on in the car...challeng accepted!
Libya fact: Fertility rate: 2.8
re: my BlueHost tweet. not complying, just pointing out it's ridiculous. A fool and his money, identity, and privacy are soon parted.
different?and my mommys like uhh no guuuhh the plans like 7654345678 bajillion dollars.yup :c
Oh, oh. Now Tony Perkins is going to get an earful. Lawrence knows the bible better than most conservative preachers.
Its goin down tonight!
Smilla's Sense of Snow
Creativity alone won't cut it. You must combine it with innovation in order to set yourself apart from the rest!
I hate you
LOVE THIS!!!!!! RT : OB: U can get pineapple on your pizza, but the "Bacon" is on the street Go to claim your prize.
Can't wait to get home and enjoy 's wonderful Mai Bach and this awesome weather. #sunisshining!
Omw to union station...but I'm so grumpy right now -_-
Getting testy. and in each other's faces about response of employess to MRT's questions.
I'd <U+2665> to travel w/ because she's been everywhere...and she's super cute. But if she's busy
Just heard from one of our patients they got a job the same day of having their teeth whitened! Must have been a great confidence booster!
to be the best do as the best do plus some!
OMG how do you have so many followerds?
Yes, in 2014 then, it will happen dont worry :) and i hope so too!<3 it'd be amazing
what about StaySchemin' ?!
Bout time you came in first on the #FF LOL thanks as always and back at ya
Mad Men. Obviously.
thats awsum G.ima b puttin out more music soon as hell.The music on there that u hear is all at my crib except 1 song is studio
awww my bad lol its new! :) still workin on it
Don't know if I should be nervous or calm.....
I want lips tattooed on me <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>. Is that ghetto?
r u in florida right now?? r u doing concerts on saturday and sunday?
Found a bomb street spot and stoked for the and game with !
least favorite food Raw walnuts!!
marketingdomination.blogspot.com i need a mortgage co, so i can put u on the 1st page of Google in ur local area for ur most searched terms
We think good progress was made! Thanks for inviting us
Knowing I can't stop any of these things. :(
Fixed my blackberry myself...woohoo. Good bye sms error 4.
good reminder for EVERYONE. thank you for sharing this!
I think #Madison needs an official #BREWERS bar. Any suggestions? This will be an outlet to organize it.
starting october with 31 days of holloween on
Considering how deep this draft is, why take him in the 2nd round? Not worth it IMO
: lmao this is hilarious. . . But dnt judge us
He's got something special....!
rt if u didn't now that u have ecuatorians fans
That 2013 cross fit championship is as good as mine :)
Spending my last day as librarian at I'd say more but I've been weepy all week. Going to miss my second home.
Chilling on the patio as it is the only habitable place while the building's fire alarm has decided to test itself.
Love Vernon Davis emotion!
Apparently it was between that and "Mark Sanchez"
Dooood! Bed bugs are nasty! One of my friends had them.... Bad deal.
Two hours of #aiip12 and I've already decided my next round of business cards will have a few edits...
oh good one!! But I don't really care anyway so...
Finally mustered the courage to tell a customer that I just don't know enough to answer her (legal) question. That felt good.
sorry. I mean if they play any 1D songs during the senior slideshow or the goodbye assembly I will seriously cry...haha!
RT - New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has been named AFC Offensive Player of the Week by the NFL
960 tweets since like May.im determined to go to 1000 by the end of today
agree. CC should have been warming up...not mr hanging curveball. He's our horse and who we want to go to war with
any time I paid enough for a trainer I don't mind sharing
Thank you we look forward to future partnerships!
Justin is growing up so fast :') im so proud of him.
Joseph Loh talking about creating programs focusing on a shared curatorial and educational vision. This dialogue is key.
But the history of No-Hitters thrown by ex-NY Met pitchers could be a series of Ken Burnsian dimensions
I am going on a bike ride ttfn.
Great win #Orioles. Come celebrate with us and enjoy Summer Shandy Specials till 8pm.
that boy ain't Neva been right in the head lmfao!
The marlins jus lost to the Braves :(
I love Syl <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A0>
don't worry - i always keep a finger or two nail-free
#EdUSAForum session on social media and international Ed, should be interesting.
I was asked yesterday if I'm good at fixing things... My response: "I can fix anything with the right phone number :)"
Just got a pop-up saying you aren't coming to our party on Sunday. That makes me sad.
The new website will be up no later than 2 weeks..I'm doing a little re-organization..:) Last week was rough..slept a lot today..
Remember, if one of the challenges is to use a #hashtag, don't overuse it. Too many multiple #hashtags will be flagged as spam by twitter.
Getting ready to start getting ready lol
Let love simmer until it's boiling over!
how does myspace have my new email? and how do they thank me for joining when i didnt...hm who has my info?
U could also ask an employee?!? Ha Ha!!
I have so much to do and all I want to do is sleep! Screw you #narcolepsy!!!
& I no longer give a flying fuck.
aren't we all masters of the grill?
"Tred lightly" in students' online social spaces. Don't just "go to them" - let them come to you! Hard, but good advice.
thanks for heads up! I needed to get some work pants and shirts
i love it when you find a band/artist that no-one knows about
I enjoyed visiting & & meeting li'l Stella Lucille Williams yesterday at the hospital. All are healthy & happy!
Dreams are true while they last, and do we not live in dreams?
Anyone who would love to join our team and has serious ideas and connections contact and connect with me in developing these talented indiv…
About to get meta with this tweet, y'all.
Ending homelessness one person at a time. Two thousand people are expected here at the mpls convention center
Waa. Took one for the team.
i think "correspondence" dinner would be fun. Everyone would communicate by passing notes
you really didn't like pussy clock?
Seen The Hunger Games? Like or Dislike?
Want some others? Just let me know. Look forward to seeing the final product.
Script prepping for film shoot this weekend. I love this part of the process!
I swear imma be cranky all day
Battling Broadcasters on NWSports tonight! Mike Parker of OSU at 615...Jerry Allen of Ducks at 645
Let #WFX know, What are you doing to further your leadership skills?
(bryan) toothpick + vacuum == lint(gone) =&& (working iphone audio & mic jack) && (I didn't break it while hacking in an ext mic)
lol the water is freezing haha
Senior Andrew Larkin is on the draft list for today's MLS Superdraft..
how did it go?!
you know. One step at a time. You can do it. Just run your race and no one else's.
I think I will need to by a muzzle just to give Oliver his eye drops.
What do you love and hate about Facebook?
New friends would be nice
50 people died from the Shrine Flu and everybody wore masks. 1million folks die from Aids and people still dont wrap it up.
allahBless U N Keep U Safe Not OnlyToday ButThroughoutLifeThat is coming In Ur Way May Year To Follow Be Among TheBest UveEver Spend
He put a table leg through my chest with that pic!!!
Clearly not an issue compared to the costumes our "leaders" wear everyday; smiling w/a gun to our heads over taxes.
thanks for following and look forward to tweets! Check out the #2DayLatteFast for a Veteran!
LMAO. Yeah there's something about the words "rack" and "mount" that makes me laugh. Can't be 1st musician to think that, huh?
amen sister
George Lewis [ ] introducing Google Head of News Products ' keynote, "Creating the Future of News."
Hell yeah! Great matchup! is one of my favorites!
nice where is that?
has been cranking out some more hits in the studio. How's everyone doing?
just sold 30% of $ZNGA shares to grab some profits. Will be interesting to see earnings!
- Thanks for following!
Their sense of humor & "practical jokes" are so weird, cuz ain't shit about that funny.
are you going to Juxtapost it? ;-)
It looks like she's harboring half of the population in her stomach. Never getting pregnant.
Steamed Crabs at Jimmy’s Seafood 6526 Holabird Avenue Baltimore, MD 21224 not telling them I'm stopping by for a bite. Will you join me?
what did you think? Did the son deserve to get evicted?
Hey I'm On
tell her to say an our father and put salt around her bed
iloveyou. Will you be my boyfriend?(; FOLLOW ME!(:
That is why the DSM criteria alone shouldn't be used to diagnose. There are many reliable assessments for ASD evaluations.
I think my sister spreads toothpaste on the rim of the toothpaste tube just to get my goat
What did the earwig say as it fell down the stairs? Ear we go!
Wash Rinse RT (washrinseRT) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
There is more to life than increasing its speed...
RT : I'm putting out a new video this week, and a new track... Who's excited?
Just rode by some kids playing football #healthyKids ;))
how big shit you are, of course. Sigh.
yeah, but you were FIRST.
It's re-appropriation time! Blues jamming tonight at Boocoo to close out Black History month & I have re-appropriation on my mind!
Happy Mothers Day you are a great mother and we are lucky to have you.
sounds good! We hae no plans...we will be here from noon on! :)
Can't sleep!!
That is not BritBrat!
you're welcome :)
Alrite srry guys we havent been posting as recently,but party season is overr! dnt worry, we're startin 2 work on da dance! :)
right on i got like five bios to write thx i will be retweetin wen u announce ur done
I approve of this.
Thanks for the shout out! You ROCK!
I hope you're spending this day with people that matter most to you and remembering 911.
literally SO EXCITED I was talking about it all day
E-mail any photos of yourself showcasing your love of the Wild Things to by April 18th!
A4 I have worked repeatedly w the same builder & kitchen designer -"DreamTeam" and have had many successful projects together
If only it could be like the first time every time
Coffee is like drinking a hug.
Wow! Almost like the tattoo artist who inked a pile of shit on his ex-g/f's back.
In "Mobile First Design & Augmented Reality". Design for mobile 1st requires a minimalist and focsued approach.
ONE WORD - ADELE!!!!
yeah they the worst !!!!!! we should make a hit list!!!
I guess if you stay around long enough, they can't get rid of you. Paul Butterfield
busy tryna get a degree and get to grad school
yup. & now shes being even more of a cunt
RT : Everything I do is pink.
I wanna play! Are these books or movies?
are you still going to be in Madison on labor day weekend for the marathon?
I always should have listened to you.
loll huh?
hey, this is easy.
My dad can't come and get me /: fuck
Take this, American parents: Denmark pays every college student about $1,000 per month. Health care and tuition: no charge.
That moment when you have to take away your moms phone just to see Keeks lol
I am determine to love.
At my 1st #BruceSpringsteen concert (at Verizon Center in DC). Waiting for music to begin--& no one is tweeting. A very good sign.
Figured. I'm at the airport, so that means you've traveled more miles in less time than I have today.
We must get our Congressional delegation to speak with one voice to the EPA and stand up for coal and for WV families
Battery is almost dead. Twitch and Comfort are leading choreography. Insanity ahead. Watch for more.
spent the evening with Mom my wife my sister and my daughter the most important people in my life oh yeah my son was there too
My ATL shirt came today!:D #All Time Low
In the studio!! Laying down some Sweet Guitar tracks!!
I feel like if you guys used your anger towards the Pens players and coaches to actually support them, maybe that would help? Just saying.
New video in 12 hours... The day of the week MIGHT give away what kind of video it is ;)
thanks for the s/o
I wish I didn't have such a black thumb when it comes to veggies.
I wish I was strong enough to lift, not one, but both of us..<3
What an incredible weekend! Can't wait to learn from Mr. John C. Maxwell today!
I have a dream I marry Kim kardashian
What would I do without Ashely (:
O's in the win column. 11-7
I miss my girl
Negative. RT : TRUE or FALSE: The Knicks will see Game 6.
Long day, finally home :)
That seems borderline illegal, ketchup isn't that precious a resource to start charging for it.
First run in 1925, the race was named in honor of Eugene D. Wood, a politician who was a founder of the old Jamaica Racetrack
Hastings: We define entire epochs of humanity by the technology they use. We're living in Internet Age.
Any particular websites? Video or games? We are going to update to the newest Flash version which may fix the issue.
Getting a early start on Selena's birthday video, tweet me or rt me if u wanna be in it! NOW! Ill dm u.
I Love One Direction so freaking badly !!!
Are you posting a card today? We are fiending!
I knew it! Right beneath my nose. Thanks :)
Farewell #pdx, it's been great.
what is the deal with all the plants in the pic???
we just released a new album. Something you'll like check it out.
I thought of going to see Titanic 3D, but then I remembered I had a penis. After the boat sinks what's left? Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack! Jack!
Yes, and it will read you the articles in a British accent if you want :-)
You make me happy , You magnify my better half . You make me certain , though all I have today is your photograph .
hey check us out :] we're new to vegas and we're going to be playing some shows here soon.
I shouldn't b much longer, but u shouldn't have 2 wait
I'm driving to nc right now too!!!! hehehe at least you're going from ny.......fml
My cat is very happy I am home
Turkey Day 5k!
This has reached absurd levels
I'm watching The Tourist.
"That was a great time for women," "A great time for #women hasn't happened yet."
Nice twit pic <U+2764><U+263A>
Lmfaooo @ TJ for twitching when he fell asleep in class!!
Thanks for the link! It seems like these are all selections from Princeton titles. Were any acquired as shorts?
more to the game then putting it in the hoop cuzzo!!
Chicago I'm back!
I can't live without listen D12 \õ/
In the words of the D, it's gig time. What t-shirt am I going wear?
thnx man! Ha, actually (and this is why all posters should say the year) we did that show last June!
HE CHOOSING. THE RAMS SORRY DOLPHINS
Earth day > 420
Bontempo, defending champ, narrowly defeats in group play
Oh rearry? I just wanted a personal loan and they said w/o a house, I'm SOL. thats... um... shitty.
And we'll have a NY NJ EC Finals
Time to start up your irrigation. Make sure to check for leaks and set your timer for once a week.
Hey cuzzo, I been working. Where you been?
Hungry? We just got a fresh shipment of Halibut medallions. Yum!
There is no half singing in the shower, you're either a rock star or an opera singer ~ Joseph Groban
A gig to prepare for, a test to study for, a dog to take care of, a job to get to. ohh what fun.:)
thanks for the heads up on the brewery. Not sure if we are doing a late lunch or early dinner. Either way I'm sure we'll be waiting
Holy crap. Do NOT buy the box. What a POS. Now it can't even wake from sleep without a hard reboot.
Gotta put that loss outta my mind....'cause the #Thunder and #Lakers are up next. Psyched for this series. I hope OKC crushes LAL.
& we are praying for you guys. Heart breaks for you two as you wait results for sweet Keira.
no lol just cars posted up
My phone hasn't been workingg, not getting it fixed till sunday :/
How do you guys feel about the Dictator Movie?? Will you be watching it or is it a pass??
Have to now get ready to go to tonights' rehearsal of "The Orange Person". Maybe I can sneak another rehearsal shot?
Mostly just smirking.
how was it? I ended up going to waka. P.s I watched the video u sent <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> "99 dollas fo this weave plus tax bow! she ratchett?!"
Have you gotten to the episode with the giant sized cold virus yet?
I'm moving out, mine has no choice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> lol
had a great day at school today and then relaxing to whole weekend im going to see the three stoges tomorrow with
Credit Card Machines now up and running on Otay Lakes Rd.
Always afraid when I bump into something in this place..never know what might accidentally launch nuclear missiles from the Rose Garden..
"I think it comes back to Marketing 101. Who is your target audience? How are you trying to influence them?" - Kevin Lee
your actually really good! i thought you were from america ./
where's it located? I would need more details to help with that question.
she just finished drinking water so I think she's good lol and as weird as thatll be I would want to see it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
A grinder slip??? It's ok Dave. Come out soon though!
ElmwoodPark still has not done any removal on side streets I have less snow on my car than there is on street!
thanks for following me, I look forward to getting to know you better, maybe we can work together??
Gronkowski is a stud. What a catch!
RT : Looking forward to teaching the Sonnet Workshop on Monday 4/2 for your wonderful actors!
everyone on my block parks like a jibroni and is a motherfucker
shout to my team ol drivin ass niggaz follow
Time is flying soon it will be 3am here glad im on summer vacation
Jesus answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God.
Hollywood meets the hardwood on Sunday at Staples Ctr when the league's best from the East/West clash in the 60th annual NBA All-Star Game.
I LOVE YOU HUGE FAN! please follow me your amazing and gorgeous! I LOVE YOU AND YOU WHOLE FAMILY XXOOX
Need some statistical help for how to cope with gut wrenching loss!
dont worry bout where i got my degrees.. what do your classes promise me in the working world? lol
That reminds me I need to get new ones.
Wow you look great!
Four meetings today and all on the Eastside Crazy day during the Holiday Season!
For your viewing pleasure, follow:
Happy Birthday To My Baby Young JEZ
I haven't been fishing since I was 12, thank you very much.
going for an eat & drink at the maritime hotel's cabanas and then off to the pink elephant nyc!!
thanks a lot. It's not much but I think it's a great first step.
Watchin some cartoons with my fat daddy ... tom & jerry ----> oldie but goodie
Say "Grass Shack" 3 times.
Today was awesome.
Looking to rent the following weeks out at the Pines beach house 6- 25 7-9 8-13 (Ascension) and 9-24 Pictures of the house are on Facebook.
I mean no offense to you - Your heart is obviously in the right place - your policy proposals are just not well thought out.
Thank you Brett Glass! Thanks for being our number one cheerleader over the years! We so appreciate your love and friendship!!
#FF these awesome people
YES! RT : a trip to BR to see u and RT : Hate that I won't see you in Atl next month.
For those of you who have prayed for my cousin, Tommy, the past 2 yrs, I wanted to let you know he passed away last week in the VA Hospital
I bet your inbox is insane! RT : apologies to anyone I didn't respond to re:RSA. Would have required doing nothing else for a mo.
Still got time for that movie we were going to see?! Lol. Luv u
New event coming soon. Stay tuned for details.
How do you get a mafia family or except invitations
Skipping school to do homework...that can't be right. At least it's finally a sunny(ish) day in OB!
aye what's some good apps on the iPad?
Congrats on resigning with the Chiefs! You define what an NFL Pro is all about.
Tx, if u up you should've been or start watching fox news...
At Americas Food Show on Miami Beach: Booth 520: Solmax Brand name: Solmax Product: Soy milk Product Available in USA:
yes!!! When do you get out dangg lol
Looking over conference submission reviews and trying to not get distracted by the one reviewer who insisted on using puns for EVERYTHING.
NEW: Tuesday's Blink 182 concert at the Blue Cross Arena has been canceled. Refunds are available.
Welcome to the team Bernard Lavallee, Rachel Morse, and Ben Deutsch!!!
oh em gee! So excited! Found out I will be competing nationally! maybe.... let's hope ((:
Men who don't take care of they children should be registered like sex offenders
I need all the worms and closet skeletons I can get. #KnowledgeIsPower :P
Cheers to the
Lol i hate my ass v.v
- she already has the caboose
omg, i just left my iron on for 8 hours.
Look at Kamara hustle back to defend! That's what I like to see !
Come on down and get some FRESH PRESSED JUICE!! We will also be bring our NEWEST PRODUCT, so come on down and see what it is
Monday Night
I'd like to blame it on the weather...and not overindulgence at the chinese buffet for mother's day...lol! Still, must write...
yeah yeah yeah
Here we go,
Aw, no worries. thanks, you rock regardless!
what's a gon?
I wish it would stay this warm all winter. I'm a little ambitious, but Rainbows are on and beach music is blaring.
Underway at AASA's #NCE12 in Houston (). Stop by Booth 102 to say hello!
I guess you will never notice me or follow me no matter. how much I wish you would but maybe tonight
UM YA HO GET YOUR ASS BACK HOME
Yes! I will post the link as soon as I have a chance to go to my room; I think someone posted it on my fb too.
ah okayy.. Av not got no coin : / gunna tidy my room :(
We also MIGHT be roasting at a farmers market this wknd. Got a new toy to bring out... Pending the weather. Stay tuned.
The complete piece, plus 5 sick details! Check it out peeps! :) Enjoy
I think he is trying to prove that he makes the worst 4th down decisions in NFL History!
bartenders giving free drinks
#Geekgirlscreate panel and the Disneyland Hotel mixer by ended a great Day 2 at
lol you would know huh? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Heading to press conference to speak about youth violence in Chicago.
no he doesnt mind! Especially that he's you're friend just ask him before hand if he has to work in the morning
I was going to say it depends on the why -- book club resources are a great place for some announcements.
Anyone know where to find beach wheel chairs for rent? the kind with the big inflated tires?
Best line I've read about the Brewers: "There's always money in the banana stand, Michael." (h/t )
My irritation? When people disrupt my writing in the middle of the day by calling and then don't leave a message.
More people enjoy the commute into work vs. the actual work they are doing. This is a major problem. On air now with
Cold Hearted Ass Bitch < --
I am back home in raining Cali!!
About to watch "The Orphanage".
Lol, I may be single for a brick,, see last retweet
You're welcome! It's been forever! :O
The link in my bio explains how to be in it, any qestions just ask me :)
Great night! Congrats on a great 11 years. I think those shots are toasting your next 11.
What is your favorite music genre(s)?
#MusicForTheWeekend Vol.1 COMING SOON!! Music Submission:
Never give up on your dreams even if people say you can't make it, don't let them bring you down and keep on chasing after it.
Probably not enough cougars on your team RT : Team finished 2nd by 1 point, $25 for drinks
is it? That doesnt sound right to me lol
The BIGGEST urge to text "ayo im in yo hood". But i cant bring myself to do so.
Snow on Saturday means I can be a lazy bastard and drink all day. Thanks weather!
#goal - Math: A
I believe you are! You'll have to let us know when they're finished!
no girl I'm watching it on DVD
Ugh - need to get on my best of 2012!
and I are about to host a Q&A with Doug Weiss as part of Mission Marriage
just accept the fact tht i knew first..lol
Hello Chicago! I've missed you!
RT - Goin to a Detroit Lions vs. New England Patriots game wit my mom's bf ugh hate this i should b hangin wit my gf right no...
Excited to see you next week at #govwebcon! Glad you can participate - should be fun! R U bringing sound effects? :-)
Thanks for the follow. #FF Happy Aloha Friday!
like I said..I shouldn't have a B in the class.
I'm off so I'll come see you!!!!! I miss my Mexicans!!!
Yay! That is where my family is! The trip will be SO much easier. I hope it's still cheaper than Dulles.
The Dolphins peaked with Ace Ventura.
Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.
Congratulations and sending all my love!
words keeps crashing on my phone! Will get back to our game soon!
SO excited to come home to a big box of goodies from & ! You MADE my day! Xo
You're my entertainment reporting hero. The steadfastness & sense of humor are awesome. Good luck in Japan.
“: What is bigger upset lehigh over duke or blazers over bulls??”Bulls were w/o Rose, and had just played Miami. Lehigh is bigger.
Last night I dreamt that I was late for school because Obama needed me to give him a tour of Buffalo. It was awesome.
5 minutes of Leno once a year is more than enough to remind me why I don't watch Leno.
awesome meeting you too. Sorry this response is so tardy, but heartfelt! :-)
I seem to be more attracted to older women
Hey Chris How are things going with you?
Hey James, you could not have said it better!
Why do I do this to myself <U+E401>
ETA? I'm going to go be sleeping by 8
Tonight's the night! #Stutz Open House doors open at 5:30. Who's going?
Birdie for the win. Gotta love seein the
Don't feel bad ! CNN apparently doesn't fact check their news sources either!
One period down. Still breathing.
....Sorry I missed the hockey party. What ended up happening?
Whoever tweeted it secreted it.
Oh how much I MISS my gud friend !!!
RT : thanks for the interview this morning...Soundbooth TV loves u!!!
"I like to lead by exsanguination" ~Alpha Chupacabra, a.k.a. two words that were just longing to be together.
Need help with this: Do any Fed agencies use #Skype regularly? Or another video chat platform?
Waking up to these little demon bug things<<<<<
It is NOT the prices!
IDOL JUST ISNT THE SAME ANYMORE:( I WANT back!!!!!
Missing my boo!
do it! I just had a pb choc chip cookie bar.
Ever have one of those morning when nothing will go your way but it's okay because you woke up singing #MichaelJackson? I am having one.
Hope you got it worked out! I ended up doing a really time-consuming workaround.
I'm sure they will be floored & excited. It's a good looking cake!
Talent 2010 and beyond are going to have to create their own buzz, audience and demand because auditioning alone isn't going to cut it.
I know! it seems like just yesterday we were just starting to talk
The only thing that's keeps me from going crazy is thinking about my upcoming vacations.
I have a 96 in P.E. because i got a 93 on a test (A TEST IN P.E WTH) and because today i didn't do 6 laps outside. Wow, i did 5.
We put the us in trust baby
Saw the crazy weather in Chicago today and thought of you. Glad you made it out of there to sunny Vegas before the snow!
Teach me how to Doguie.. .... Wait wait I know!!
Chesapeake Bay blue crab population is highest it has been in past 20 years, Va and Md govs announce today.
Echo Valley Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
- ignorant! But this is also the place where they put a noose around the neck of a black student.
Just made a salad for dinner.... Who am I ?!? Where the steak ? ;)
Hi! I would like to know how I could help with #SoMeT12? Sounds like an amazing event for those who love travel & social media
Crankiest person live had to get 4 shots so cranky but proud of myself for not crying so tuff haha wait grr...
I love Keith Lmaoooo Too Funny
Noses are fun for sniffing things
don't ! Just see account and follow first. Keyword is out and a gift card is waiting!
The Micro Credit Summit in Nairobi, Kenya in April 2010 will feature Jamii Bora, Ingrid Munro with 147,000 members out of poverty. Be there.
I'd kick you in the vagina, but I'm afraid I'd lose my shoe.
Str8 gangsta!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><U+270A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><U+270A>RT driving in the rain with my windows down idgaf
Thanks so much!
Mayor Berry asks for last minute support of Paseo/I-25 development. "I am asking for 9 votes" tonight.
you'd be the next Lady Gaga at that point. Then you can fire me cause I'm just a sax player. haha
No a good day for my sports.
I bet not a lot to cut and locals may frown on that behavior in SoCal? :)
Sante! RT : "Moderate drinkers are 30 percent less likely to have a heart attack than...
“: Real loveRT : Good morning babies.!! One again woke me up”<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Wow, seriously it hurts to see the LAKERS like this. I Hate this rookie team ugh!
Peach Tea from Sonic >>>
you have to apply online! Were still hiring so do it up!
Day 1 of vacation. First task: Sleep.
I'll be your personal assistant, and my personal assistant will be smoking hot, keep you once removed and your household happy!
I say excision because of that 100,000 watt bass they had. That show was just to sick! Plus they drop harder beats.
#iJustLoveItWhen people seems nice
Im getting mad ..
Get 20-40% of your daily calories from carbohydrates
Wait. You still have a landline?
2NIGHT Miami Dolphins (safety)his artist ,GATO DA BATO, many more 645 WASHINGTON IN SOUTH
Cough drops are so disgusting!
I would really like to know the same thing.
Orgs have always been defined by communication. Now it is more important, if not essential, for the survival of many.
Google now offers a Call extension option for Adwords. You can establish a CPP bid & bid for phone calls, which is an excellent enhancement
that's awesome!
I totally agree, your thoughts can guide you towards success or lead you to disaster
Jimi Hendrix once said, "Music doesn't lie. If there is something to be changed in this world, then it can only happen through music."
The Ed I want is only two pages and it is still "preparing image"
Essential skills: express ideas clearly; match expectations to today's TV reality; manage and understand data (googledocs preferred)
Let's do binary milestones! Welcome to Anuradha, our 1024th member! She codes in Python, Basic. C, Fortran, and Pascal, and more.
Dear teachers, if you expect us to take anything seriously in the last few weeks of school, you are sadly mistaken.
Dang it! I keep missing Ghost Adventures! I missed like the last...the entire season!
it just doesn't get worse, every single episode gets better. Where you at?
#ThingsBlackPeopleGetArrestedFor walking out a bank after a withdraw
back home from ride with fresh berries and one Huge tart, wishing I could share with everyone as I just want a small piece ;)
Hey people, it's Friday & the sun is shining...soak up some vitamin D through the windows of Lottie's Lounge.
I'm a music fiend can't function without it...take it away and I'm useless
Thanks Dennis
Being Irish and Turkish simply means we drink heavily on Thanksgiving and moderately-heavy the other 364 days
So much writing in grad school
Copper at record high as year ends . . . www.learnscrapmetal.com
good job!
My account used to be private but I figured when I tweet to someone not following me they wouldn't see it, so...
50 is the new 25( go ahead and believe that) HAPPY B Day!
Awesome! Thx RT Hey , thanks to the community at our soft launch, you're getting another computer!
GET LOADED is over next week!! Make sure you have signed up for the FREE B LOADERS CLUB!!
Help change her mind!!!!!! PLEASE!!! SHE TRYING TO COMMIT SUICIDE!!
Yes, I'm going a little crazy over and her love for Wisconsin, but we both believe in life after Walker.
Do I contradict myself? Very well, I contradict myself. I am large. I contain multitudes. -- Waltey Whitman (who else?)
It's such a fun record that I feel like I'm getting away with something when I listen to it.
My mom is FLIPPING out right now. Like over the fucking top.
It's the life juice of Z104-3 ski trips!!!
Marcy Kaptur effectively declared victory in
Well played, lady, well played.... RT : Sweaty & buzzed. Right on schedule.
yes. very very sad.
If 2 Home Depots don't have it... Try the third
point is more support by way of butts in seats = Cash to sign & retain quality players. Empty seats = C'ya CC, Lee, VMart...
: hiya ginger wats up
Twittersphere, please excuse my poor tweet grammar! I guess I'm not sure how to use a the articles in the a simple sentence.
Nice slippers!
You should appreciate everybody's feelings, no matter how rude they're being. You don't know what goes on at their house..
My future husband better like keeping sh*t clean! I can't stand messes! -_-
Where there is a camera, there is a way to inspire...
make it happen!
Accountant wanted NEW YORK -Temp project -start 04/02/2012 -end 08/01/2012 Responsible for standard accounting processes and procedures, i…
Out at the Barnsider with the folks for dinner!
Bynum is treating Perkins like the old man that he is. Lol
good morning
!I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP
my birthday is coming up APRIL 29 !!!!!
Is the fix in? Chicago early and often? We cannot let the midwest punks control.
Yay! #uppers he said Transgendered. Another shot of coffee!!
Time for roll call! Let's see who's here at the National Mall. We have some great sponsors and partners here with us!
Bought my mom 3 pair of shoes and made her breakfast that she refused to eat. And she's still not happy. I give up.
is anyone really surprised to find out that all the Trumps are effin' a$$holes?
really??? Outpost!!! Why
The President's Correspondents dinner is next month and they will have wifi for 3,000 then. We are just a few weeks too early.
sent you a DM - call now if you can - I have a window...
could it be a faded rose from days gone by.
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: Prepare your schedule for the following day. It’ll make it easier to dive in when morning comes.
shut up
wtf is it also snowing where you are?! WHATWHATWHAT?? WHY? why isnt it snowing here :(
Have a drink & spend your Friday with us tonight at Whiskey Chicks! While you're here - enjoy Nicnos playing the night away from 9pm - 1am!
“: Miller 64 is gross” very gross.
What in the world should I wear tomorrow for ? Anyone else out there going?
so are we. I will keep you posted as we progress! Have a great week!
thanks Malcolm!
Great leadership is trainable.
Tweetchat going on right now! Just use #bridgeteflchat to ask your questions.
I definitely will never date a white bitch again can't relate worth shitttt.
STALL: I-5 NB on the Interstate Bridge- right lane is blocked
": come on guys! he is so close to 1500! folllooowwwww ps im interviewing him monday if anyone has questions"
Jenni did you curl your hair? Oh god, I'll have to switch channel to KIRO
TONIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE LADIES FREE $5 GUYS $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY & KITCHEN OPEN SAFETY IS OUR #1 PRIORITY
Everyone in our office has already voted three times. Beat that!
Kids never finish they damn food...
when CFBHOF moves to ATL, i'll hang a tommy frazier jersey somewhere inside the new building
Sky was black as midnight and the storm sounded like a freight train running overhead. Lots of rain and hail.
thanks so much. I will make sure to post event details.
I hesitated to get an Internet setup for so long because I didn't want to pay for it and because was terrified of setting it up.
Lots of questions from the audience in this workshop
havin seen lots of these diagrams, you're at least at square 4 :) keep in touch, and thx for using AWS!
Performing tonight at Studio 305 ( 10725 sw 216th St Bay 305 in goulds (blue warehouse) doors open at 9pm and the fee is $5) See you there
nuh-uh! BUT OF course!! movie night beach!
I aint gon b like most baby mamas ima beat sum ass
now Hawaii... Well that brings up the cost of living problem again.
#sad RT So Memphis was voted the fattest city in the nation!
im hungry babe
#LoyaltyOverValueEveryday The simple way to define love...
its true.... drunk driving. shooting
Happy #fridaythe13th makes sense that it would snow today! Be Careful driving.
save the bud light round for me!
#EDU11 revolutions destroy the perfect and enable the impossible.
You can be a slave to sin, which leads to death, or you can choose to obey God, which leads to righteous living. (Romans 6:16 NLT)
monday biology EOC and tuesday im at mater academy taking my AP exam and friday im off to Orlando
Seriously and , why are the scores for the other games so impossibly small.
so wat up
simply sensational #Follows ^_^
Kobe is the lakers RT : I like Kobe just not the lakers
making bday plans with
Obesity is the #1 epidemic in the U.S. and Visalus Sciences is the #1 solution to this number 1 epidemic. Hmm. Contact me for details! EROCK
People always say go with it gut feeling
You can be very effective in life. Start with a perfect physique and you will reach your goals much quicker.
you are younger than 38..
i LOVE kicking balls!
RT : Twin Cities members at last night’s info meeting: "Our 'YES' votes for merger already in the mail—it’s TIME, let’s do this!"
#LT I hate that because usually when I need you the most , I'm alone .
Hey guys just letting you all know we're finishing our e.p. with our producer it will be done within the month,get ready! <3htp
Yes it's when Fred becomes a super star in nickelodeon lol
Way more #Brooklyn(er) than you.
I love this new trend. No worries about breakage and you can put your fav coozy around a can of craft beer!
alright for sure. whose all there?
You're in a joke vortex! It's working back through time! He's be spewing vaudeville gags before the flight is over.
Waaah. I miss watching American Horror Story
Can't hold a good bitch down to long..m-mma b out the loop till sunday till then stay safe n sexy..muah
The ultimate goal is for the charter law to support quality public education for children. -Todd Ziebarth from the National Alliance.
“True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.” I miss you
Stoked to start reading The Good News Club by Katherine Stewart for the new Book Club!
Original or remake ": The night he came home.. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0083>"
this week, an oldie but a goodie: Robinson Crusoe
#AIMSTech12 Poor children don't deserve a poor culture. More music, art, and drama make all our lives better.
You are awesome for this... :P
Chris Hardwick: The Nerdest Way book signing and reading at 8pm
great meeting you and learning more about what you do. Bret
Bangin' and clangin' first thing in the morning. Nothing better.
Noobs can be intimidated by the structure/opinions of Rails. With Sinatra, it's easier to grow into RoR dev
hahaha I just watched your new video and I died and the Beatrice and Gertrude thing. You're fucking awesome :D
have you written anything about reports that WI reporters have signed Gov recall petitions. Interesting debate.
Is going to get off the computer and finish some laundry.
Settling down for a relaxing evening of TV. Go V.
Teachers always wanna give mad work when it comes to the end !
ALL show w/ Scott Reynolds was awesome! Crazy, Carnage, She's My Ex and more, my life is complete.
Mike:) Miss you and the Fam...
Mobbed was awesome tonight! I still adore beyond measure.
we celebrate eleventh year with return to 2010 Midtown Miami location!
“: Aw, loving the tribute! Monday night, at 8PM. Reunion!” loving this!
Also excited as the new 2011 frame design is now ready. pics to follow.
yes she is who got Tiffany started.
I'm going to great lengths to describe DH as a community rather than a field or discipline in an article I'm writing.
I'm looking for somebody I can call boo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F>
No I haven't, I'm considering going like... 3inches though this Summer. Short :P Message me instead of @, it spams people haha
hey dave, i responded to your email regarding tim working with a band, get back to me at your earliest convenience
Fluffy fingers.
Watching this clip of Dr. Dillard directing 'He Decided to Die' -------- DIRECT! Its really like classic. I love it. Omg.
You going to the IMATS show Chica?
I wait till next week
Shout Out To for being my 300th follower!!!
Dang I have 3 crushes, 2 boys and 1 girl totally awesome!!!
what's up r you guys in chicago
There's snow outside!
Just did 4 1/2 hrs of worship music (keys & BGVs) for my bro Todd Ganovski this weekend in Murfreesboro, TN this weekend. I'm beat- night!!
Going out for dinner~ We have to find somewhere with good affordable delicious sandwiches. As if that's hard in Portland, pfft.
i think i want a tattoo on my chest...
its always the INSANE ones calling the rest of the world BSC.
Lovin it all as it comes to me
I've always thought Esmil Rogers was more valuable in the pen than the rotation.
Have so many choices and options but still feel like something is missing
Good job fellow Paulites! We can't let the media win! We the people have the power. Keep it up.
Bout to give yall this #GoodStreetMuzik soon
Do not follow unless U want a belly full of laffs! Big Bry is a talented comedian, #vo guy, & friend.
See over 40 candle warmers and 80 fragrances! Gotta love them!
While itd be cool to live in High Hrothgar, Whiterun makes more sense. Decent real estate, better weather, budding school system.
tweed- tweef. If u tell premonition will it not come true?
Tucker, you are awesome. SO much love and respect for you :)
#LasVegas #Mayweather after party! Get at me for more or my team for more info.
she shoulda been known his ass was crazy when he was fukin her while his wife was upstairs
I can't find my contacts, so glasses to school.
Where can I find good Drupal themes?
$2 Bartenders choice Craft Beer Bottles, $3 Miller/Coors bottles, $1 any mini burgers? Must be Thursday!
That happens frequently when I appear.
Of course...who else is there worth voting for? Anybody who doesn't isn't an idiot, unless they belong to the 1%.
very mysterious! All those tunnels look pretty much alike. Found an after hours club hidden down there a few years ago.
please Adele, follow me. Your my inspiration, I will follow anyone you want me too:) please FOLLOW
these things vary. it looks like its for startup, production, and distribution.
Maybe, but I was raised that way and ended up mostly vegan for years. I'm confident they'll do things for their own reasons.
On the road after stopping off for dinner at Roy Rogers' in NJ. GPS says we've got 3 more hours to go...
I'd rather worry about a stranger than make myself happy.
so, I haven't submitted much poetry lately. I just changed that.
": My favorite sex position is the one where I'm inside a girl."
COME TO HOUSTON MOTHERFUCKER
Ditto": I love working from the bottom up, makes you appreciate the top so much more! #Respectthegrind"
Glad you enjoyed the show. Hope you can make it out to some more.
This is one of the least eventful national championship games ever!
“: i mean i'm sure you could fit in my suit case so why not :)”hahaha knowing you and your wardrobe doubt it
we hit the stage at about 8:30!
Waiting for Figeac
Hello New York. I like that skirt dress.
I love waking up with pills. SO SO motivating.
Wow is the only word I can think of. Wow.
great news!
GOOD LUCK BOYS!! Miss ya here at quad party but you all will look good in rings!!
RT I'm on this new south bitch diet. I'll Let ya know how it goes.
Erotic<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B> City New Yrs Eve Smackout !!!!!
fast to die and soon to be forgotten?
If it doesn't exist...create it...
I could easily hurl on command right now
Name the place and the time , i'm out for revenge...LOL!!!
sweet bud, hope to see you out there when your 21.
The process of doing laundry sucks but afterwards when you get your clean <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099> you feel a sense of gratitude.
Should have reconsidered looking like a human highlighter today
JS Comment: Range of jobs ## for Bottom off the charts bad. The top off the charts bad. Best ## not 1/2 of promise of 250,000K!
I'm going to prove myself to you that you are worth everything to me.
Fewer things can help an individual more than to place responsibility on him, and to let him know that you trust him. -Booker T. Washington.
and to you!
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic BEKA & the GIN HALL HUSTLERS **
best timeout entertainment so far; 's Justin Beiber freak out during clippers game. Too funny!
Hey Jake. Good luck with the game. DM me? I have something important to ask.
Isn't it a penalty to spike the ball like that?
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Yes I did :( hehe i'm following u bae
Keep on dreamin even if it breaks your heart<3
Looking for an AAE with Corp PR experience. Email me at
RT!! ": i don't care what anyone says.. smyrna high school sucks without the seniors, point blank"
an 8-0 run for stretching back to the 2nd quarter
FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK!
Agreed. Some evil marketing firm probably told them that they needed a big parking lot otherwise no one would go the brewpub
Listening to Head Coach Ryan Mougenel right now on 100.5FM, talking Kelly Cup Finals
I can't explain how good you are man. Keep up the great work.
You've got to have the right mix of firmness, compassion, empathy, moral conviction, expertise, and other leadership traits.
At 5pm we'll share a MLK quote in honor of The King Center Imaging Project being at the #NURFC. Do you have a fave MLK quote?
What's up root?
The guy that decided Jamo was good is a dick. And probably Oirish. Hang em.
Whomp whomp<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2> Guess its bedtime! Whoa tomorrow is Friday! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Curious - how did you explain it to her? What made her finally understand?
RT : Mitt #Romney to Fox affiliate in Denver: "I do not favor civil unions if they are identical to marriage other than by name."
Annual dinner with client @ #GrandHyatt Straits Kitchen in Singapore Fabulous food from all over the region Check it out for a real treat
ughh yeah! Amazingly gorgeous!!(;
RT “: Comp open bar from 9pm-12pm for #industrytuesdays no cover+skip line email names to ”
hey Nick I will be in Cairo March 2nd and would Love to meet for a coffee!
Those Speed Enforced by Aircraft signs don't understand how eager I am to get pulled over by an F-16
HATE THE NEW TWITTER LOOK!! PUT IT BACK!!!!!
Can't wait for this day to be over.
so glad to see you the other night. Don't forget about Friday...
Hah, great stuff. Neil never disappoints.
Two-thirds of the world's executions occur in China. #odd facts
Hi all! Sorry, was away for a few days. Back here again. Get back to you all soon!
Have you heard about 's taxi project?
Good Morning tweeties blessed to see another 24!
no way! :) we're super pumped for it!
I'm feeling some kinda way
Now I'm stuck in the hallway with a bag full of food, no shoes and just one credit card. Guess it's not all that bad. Had my phone too
If I recall correctly, we operate in a capitalist economy. If that's true, than it's also true that wealth is not a measure of self worth
UNDERTAKER WILL NEVER BE DEFEATED AT #WRESTLEMANIA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no camera tonight, but #magicORGANS anniversary special coming soon!! :)
Both, undoubtedly. If TAL is not the journalist in this situation, they are at minimum the editor.
Unfortunately Jacky and Blake won't be with me but I can't wait to see you guys.
He tryna get sumn to "eat" tomorrow morning. Ha! Think he slick.
I'm glad it went good! I can't wait for May 12th! My first time sharing the stage with It's an honor.
I'll be in Midlothian tomorrow @ the Bremen HS Craft Show 15203 S Pulaski from 9-3. Come check out all of my handmade bath & body products!
What happened to your app? It's no longer available in the Apple App Store.
Gotta get it mane and make sure that my momma straight!!
Hope not...
New classes for May: Amigurumi and Henna!!!
Jessica Chastain looks fabulous in McQueen!
One of the strongest characteristics of genius is the power of lighting its own fire | John W. Foster
was Anna Sun being the single of the week the big news?
just waiting for justin to come on the voice[: did you have a good day?
A state gun? Seriously, legislators? Get to work on things that matter. Embarrassing.
so wat u tryna do fool
dinner at tonight!
The Super Mystery Jackpot Song Contest's jackpot is at $70 Today!
Moved Here from FinHeaven
Among my favorite parts of the day. They OWNED us. :)
Well, that's too strong a word. But heaven knows where it is.
Jamie, just wanted to let you know every time I get to hear your voice, it stays with me...keep on keepin on girl:)!
Beautiful work! I'm thinking it might be cool to have a photo section in our upcoming issue called: Scenes from a Small Town
I'll text you if we go out we might go to krave idk yet haha
Meeting #3: my work is x-organizational so this one is at ITS, related to Academic Technology Services.
Getting yelled at to wake up to "help" make Hamburger Helper .. MotherFucker Hamburger Helper is a ONE person job #smh #idiots <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Keep your head high, and your middle finger higher.
Congrats to Linda Mohon and Jamie Rieckhoff, winners of sneak peek passes to see #TheVow at Regal Green Hills.
well, I just got kindled. The darn thing is in the mail...
#Investor Tip: Be wary of any investments that guarantee a specific yield.
I had issues w the 25th anniv. cast so I skipped it haha but if youre ever lookin for a buddy in town 2g2 a show let me know! :)
next time you need vinyl banners let us know! Lowest prices in the county!
So much crap to do before work!!
*prays for his future kids last name*
#ThoughtsWhileRunning cramp...cramp...CRAMP! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
Agree completely. Ran into him around town a couple of times, always pleasant.
I have a thing with white shirts and coffee stains this week...
1 Cubit = 1.5 Feet. I'm bringing back this ancient form of measurement
loll sounds good !
I'm so glad I followed my first mind
how come you un followed me!?!?!?!):
Can the #Bucks give at least an effort.everytime i buy in,they disappoint. hopeful tonight
Make 'em buy it.
His phone is back on. <-Kelsey xoxo>
I forgot OkC was playing..
A very happy (belated) birthday to !!! xoxox
see tumbler 140 characters ain't enuf for this greatness."Thunder Road."
I mean, it's fine to "ask" for it, hope for it, but you seem to expect it, and I don't think that is fair given situation.
700 women coming as far as Florida donated breast tissue ovr weekend for indy's super cure!
Yo follow my hommie and get your mind right
I notice that you exist! I notice that all of my fans exist :)
Denver Hummer Limos! Denver Limo Inc has 20-33 Passenger H2 limousines in Colorado! Single, Double & Triple Axle www.denverlimousine.com
Wish I was kitty and could just sleep all day!!!
shopping the holidays online with the pungle.me app is one of the best ways to give back!
yeah, not bad tho! I was just saying whats on my mind that's all
Thank you so much for the well wishes! We may need more than luck. We may need a seance and a blessing.
I saw her in concert when i was like 5 <3 haah
FACT: Women with short haircuts are required by law in the State of Iowa to do anal until their hair grows out to just below their jawline.
blushing ladies
We promise!!!!
Nimbuzz to offer operator billing in next 10 days - The Mobile Indian
PLEASE change your icon!! I know it's egg nog but it looks like puke!
RT how much hop is in that pop? cervezas A-Z benefiting nice mc'ing kyle aka
is joining ! We couldn't be more excited!
omg.this is insane.People still watch it and waste their time? this is unfair.
we'll do a pool party soon.
oh no you di-ent!! I'll be looking for it!
Lab TA wins heavy sleeper award. Just champed through a projector screen crashing up and the lights turning on w/o stirring.
lol you at the game?
linkedin ceo jeff weiner: engagement going to come from API usage, not 3rd party Dev community.
Oh look, my Windows Product Key is suddenly "invalid". Yes, , correcting your software bugs is what I wanted to do this morning.
There are real journalistic issues for a paper that invested in UK bball, but "don't troll the fanbase" isn't a tough call.
Is there anything cuter than Kermit the Frog...
false I think I should be thanking you I love that never lose you song and I still can't wait to #losecontrol !!
guys Mike and Jesse rock the #abq tour thing like nobody else. If you haven't done the trolley, what U waiting for??
Enjoy my friend. How are you getting settled?
I need a dorky girl to walk into my life today....
training and teaching an outdoor class to some ladies!
nope, just offering help to a fellow writer :)
The areas with liberal abortion laws also have better sexual education. Thus preventing unwanted pregnancies.
Monster House goes hard.
So much drama I just want everything to end :'l
Good job football team, we're all proud of you
I hope im not too late!! nothing would make me happier right now than a reply from you <U+2665>
Congrats to The Artist. Loved it.
Great Insight. : posed question: What does CW visitation say? Are we actually telling a story inclusive of all?
My office will conduct an audit of the QCCT, which disburses $30 million+ in state and local indigent care money to University Hospital.
Zumba to the MAX! Lol I'm so hardcore....not really.
One day. Four flights. Halfway done. Currently in L'Ville for 3 hours then heading back home
The truth hurts.
i hope he leaves with nothing but regret
I would gladly accept an iPad 3 to better follow you on twitter. Thanks for asking!
hi, there is an NCP on Lombard ST. if u park in there, when you come out of the front you should be near Wilkos. turn right
Saw Star Wars today in theatres and was a little shocked/upset i didnt see there.
72 holes of golf last weekend in West Virginia with friends & beer. If that sounds like bragging, it is! Haha good times......
I was there for 24 hrs, but check out People's Book store and the food trucks!
Hope I didn't jump the gun! Love the ad.
Elite Eight games: Florida vs. Louisville at 4:30, Syracuse vs. Ohio State at 7:05 EST. #Gators are favored by 1.5, #Buckeyes favored by 3.
U can say that again. The scary thing is I can remember my sophomore year, 30 years ago.
My brother is going to be 20 years old next month and he still watches anime.
Salaried employee? How do you feel working for free today?
I LOVE chocolate
Every time I see a post about #Edelman, I think it's about the #PR firm and not the Pats football player. Anyone else?
Mystery something on the pizza today not leaving a good feeling post lunch!
I'd rather be absolutely crazy than absolutely boring.
I'll be Releasing my first song tomorrow!
Random: Neighbor & I have this "healthy" Halloween competition every year. We are already talking about potential additions for this fall.
we'll get em next year
FAVORITE. :D Do you have a favorite musician??
Oh look, another photo of some girls' painted fingernails thanks instagram.
Why settle for pathetic? You should expect the magnificent!/transformative/X
Rt??? I got hacked today and so did another Ariantor, spread the warning please. It wud meana LOT! Thank you <3 *Bretana*
Even out of Midway, I can't seem to fly through Chicago without having my flight delayed
And impossibly-ridiculous and crazy-scary. p.s. How's California? Are you famous yet?
I recently held a "Taste and Play" for my fellow SAHMs and Viognier beat the Italian and Spanish samples :)
The biggest mistake one could make is choosing Coke over Pepsi
Goodnight Twitter...
Thank you for following me!
Trying to find a way to see tonight,
"Nothing But Love" but which version will we see. Remode? or maybe remix?
The auricular spectacular will feature the themes from Laura (starring Gene Tierney) and Cover Girl (with Rita Hayworth and Gene Kelly).
I wouldnt mind if that happened to me :P
I no what u mean I love Justin but if his videos got deleted all his fan would be the same way we are now
columbus ohio is exactly 70
hey stranger things are going well. How have you been?
HAHA nice song choice! I laughed and smiled throughout the while video! Thank you for making me happy everyday! :D <3
I'm wasting my fucking life.
The American Basketball Association (ABA) will televise pro basketball games across the United States on major television networks in 2009.
I just have my ticket on paypal, you can see the link on the page
story on city tax assessment is enlightening and well researched! In the end, work like this is ultimately good for the city
And so it goes... Great game. Sad finish.
I heard Feelin' It. Good job man. RT : Way to go you never let me down bro DDP baby!!!!!
Homee had the funnest day w/my new shopping biff kattiana ..but my feet are killing!.
I am a strange one in that I wash my hands, and then go to the bathroom..? then wash my hands again
I just found out why I could never date someone on the jersey shore
- Caddyshack is a given. Ghost Busters is close. What About Bob is definitely better than Groundhog Day and GB2.
"The price of excellence is discipline. The cost of mediocrity is disappointment." -William Arthur Ward
. says: his job is to acquire & exhibit digital collections in 's performing arts section.
ah! So busy! What arebyoi up to the next few days?
Yung Bambino Memphis Grown Rapper Next In Line For The Throne - BAM!!!!
Midnight trip to steak and shake with
Fuck around and put her to bed!
When I was little I wanted to play for the Lady Vols MT Every player Pat Summit coached graduated ... G.O.A.T.
- I have #shortsale client w/#mortgage from Chase, Chase has no record of note but won't release property 4 sale. What to do??
Are you solely based abroad. I have a great opportunity for you but you need to be based out of the US. Call me.
I think they call that "Pageant Crack"
Glad you are wearing a rice shirt :] and congrats. you are doing color guard?
Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen.
spread his wings a bit.
Fabulous dinner at Ippuku in Berkeley to celebrate 9 years. :) yum.
“: You are welcome & I will definitely keep it moving! One monkey don't stop no show, you know?”>>>indeed! Love ya :)
#keenkongbeta invite pretty please with bananas on top?
Happy CUATRO de mayo! Working at tonight at 5 running food. First shift back on the grind! Come say hi! (;
true. Music has no borders.
I think they got it shushed in the back area by the loading docks.
yeah right! Although this place could convert me!
Brian, What are you looking for and where? I can help you find a place. DM me or Email my assistant:
Burger of the Week: Pepperoni Cheeseburger on a Grilled Pretzel Roll with Mozz, onions, peppers, lettuce, tomato and pepperoni! Stop in :)
post things you want to talk about and ask questions that you have and respond to others, if you have time.
I just wanna go 2 bed. Fuck it. Night night <U+E056>
You be selling tickets?
I wear night cream during the day.
"Doing The Most Good' RT : No class today! Working at the salvation army :) x
Waitin for this Chinese Food ! :p
Ah! They're playing "Bad Girls" in the preview for the next season of #BGC!!!
Yovani Gone-yard-o strikes again!
When a boy calls you cute, he likes your face; when he calls you hot, he likes your body. When he calls you beautiful, he likes your heart
100% hind part free
MT Rivera said he "was sweating and screaming" to as he watched 9th inn on TV...Hm...<So were we...so were we!
Yes! Music!!!! Although I love a flashy show as much as the next guy - nothing beats talent!!!
shepard smith is gay. For real. Well known in media circles
about to start being 100 % Real with People
oh! so rad! and...math zebra shoes!
Kobe the gawd is on....if anyone thinks they can text me right now....so help me god.
My 2 birds are all full of themselves now bec I'll be talking about them at New York Comedy Club on Sat. at 8. OMG did I just do a plug? ;)
HARRY DIDNT CUT HIS HAIR
a friend suggested listening to "cold cave". Need to check it out.
Certainly is interesting. I'll give you that!! ;)
If I had a TV, I would be watching in #TheClientList this SUNDAY.
every time I conference I think of you
"these are crack abs!!"
Shout out to our 2011sponsors! See you again in 2012! Bigger and Better! We learn from our mistakes and grow as a community!
been struggling with that all damn day haha. Hopeful for an opportunity soon, but not expecting one lol
If the are going to continue to play like this I'm all in for vs Orioles world series.
Please ask me about the intricacies of #DataManagement practices in the climatology research community—I can explain them in < 1,500 words.
Rhonda's writing and updating her new website
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Scrapbooking Stories , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
Yes, in a factory for 12 hours per day. That's where were headed anyway, right?
Not at the moment. Join our facebook group to stay in the loop.
Loud pple in the morning<<<<
Content that "doesn't deserve to be on television" is native (and successful) on the web. "Crap is gold"
Apparently my cat is going to look like a camel for a couple days as fluids absorb into his system
I filled the living room of my first apartment with furniture from Ax-Man Surplus.
ROFL!!! You tweaked a little bit then
So much fun at the Saints game/party for Saints friends and family afterwards. Met and spoke to , such a nice guy!
Today was so much fun.(:
I know what to do...
Truth hurts and those lies heal.
just asking but were you being serious? Haha
Follow this Cody fan account if you're a true #Simpsonizer <3 -Jordan.
My favorite Mexican Restaurant was really crowded tonight, for some reason. And the beer was cheap.
N.H. trooper praised for rescue of man from burning vehicle in Andover
is just pursuing profit. Rather than #corporategreed it should be
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 14
Morning everyone!!!!
Still reeling from Pupy Cuban series at Yoshis last week. Grupo Reve from Cuba in 2 weeks. Can't wait!
I'll be happy with a K. Got it.
Tracking guitars on this beautiful Saturday morning
Should felons be allowed to vote, especially if they served their time?
did you live there or were you just a visitor?
Thanks Joe for following. Have a great weekend.
They did indeed! Especially like the grayscale one!
Wonders what is that smell.
Lol... Starting to think UNHOLY thoughts, I see why them old heads say nobody should be up this late
I hope I'm not forever disconnected
you should tweet me more often. :)
everybody in hollywood is either getting pregnant or divorced!!!
im totally luvin my followers but i would really luv some more so people keep on pressing the follow button on my profile
ur welcome! Nothing much. Same o same.
His mixtape is going to be CRAZY!! RT : This dude is AMAZING!!!! I'm a fan!!!!!
hmm.. Er, yes'am young lady.
Thanks for the Dilly Bars!!!
what's good when are you going to be in the Chi?
Let me know what you want in a design!
Happy 21st Eve!!
Good luck you scholar!
it's only 3? :o
It is about to get real in the airport security line
follow me back?! You girls are so pretty!!! I admire you both!!
Thanks for the follow! check us out if you like nyhiphop shit!
Hey Cam Imma cry on Sunday i dont want it to end im gonna miss hearing u guys:( follow me please??:)
Does anyone know why Selena was seen crying?
that's how god damn stressed I am
I love how your twitter I all one directio zyan. Liam. And harry<U+2665>.<U+2665>
Great day jammin to and 24-7. It was a great day. Thanks guys! ^^^^^^^^^
What is your projection on Craig's final '12 #s given what you just said re: K rate.
great! Were currently on our way to redding for one right now :)
Treat every interaction as an opportunity to build trust or break it down
. You will soon both SEE and HEAR me beating you over the head with a frying pan.
working! good thing I love what I do... but I wouldn't mind a day to veg
ugh, that is such a frustrating debate to listen to. It pisses me off how ignorant some people are!
What time we begging.
No problem. I have to finish my science project. It was nice talking to you Devon. Goodnight :)
I have a bad taste in my mouth. I was there for Easter. Plus, it's hard to get up and go. Long flight from Vegas.
Try not to hold it against me (: I promise, no #LosAngelesVikings jokes will ever be uttered by me.
I'm on bainbridge island eating at the 122. It's amazing!
"Oh shit."...."yea oh shit, yea oh SHIT" #Bridesmaids>>>>>
(Clues to follow)
sorry boys. There are rules & commitments The Knight Lance will have it at 12:30 PM (ET)
What would you like me to do with them?
You won't find Fordham professors finding your tweets ;-). COME JOIN US AT ST. JOHN'S. It really is wonderful!
If all goes well with labor and delivery, then the best time to attempt the first breastfeeding is as soon as possible after delivery!
what's your timetable today?
Prize #6: $25 Supercuts gift certificate, $75 Boden gift certificate, Boden Tote, $25 restaurant.com
Was supposed to be leaving at 4:30... Just had that LONNGGGGGG meeting with the boss. Feel better about the next couple weeks though.
It was tremendous. "Fruitily to the ear." I clap for this description.
I miss him being in Emarosa XD
I follow everyone
kind regards
Haha oh yes I will be<U+E404>.Why thank you!!<U+E328>
Can't decide what's more painful.. My lung collapsing or the bandage that's suck to my arm pit hair
You can still run your 50k solo :) good luck
Why couldn't KY shoot free throws like this against IU????
Men...pleasing a woman is easy just compliment them and give them chocolate!
glad ya made it in one piece!
Aww my god puma tryna get a deal
I have to take my own advice now…
What!? But all the hippies tell me weed never killed anyone! “: Son shot to death while saving dad from weed-seeking robbers”
Then again. Cinco de mayo is an American tradition. It's not even a holiday in Mexico or here.
Couldn't get two tickets that weren't ridiculous.
Stop chasing him. If he wants you, he will chase you
Going to Costco later! I love that place!
i feel perfect
Playing flag football yesterday got me a turf burn that is covering a quarter of my leg preventing me from walking...a wins a win though.
RT : What you believe affects what they achieve. - Brian Souza on Management and coaching.
Let me guess, things you hear when you read minds?...LOL
how u gonna not stop followin a nigga this aint facebook we grown lol
cute kid....was that a lhasa he almost ran over?
In Monroe County, I'd guess about 10/year.
Hey Warren if you feel so bad, just give the govt $, don't wait to be taxed.
;)) You're the fucking best.! But all jokes aside, when r me nd u getting married.?
i couldn't help myself. I bought the domain taxnex.us
Anytime Melva. We like what you're doing with #HIV prevention.
At this A.A aniversary
Interesting so far, very outlook-ish layout that should be familiar for the pc users.
you too! great to see the entire kaiser clan!
AFTER BURN
did you see his reddit AMA?
My mama said it would be dayz like this!!!....
Two things I'm obsessed with: Lamps and Throw Pillows :-)
Can't type these papers when there is a great game on!!!
Jones Soda - Green Apple.
You try so hard. Stop.
I totally would, but can't skip work and I'll be down there tomorrow, just wishing it was one day later :(
Lex TV station reports that 2 men, 69 & 72, arrested at a KY dialysis clinic after some trash talk escalated.
thanks, David! Hope you're enjoying the view from your balcony too!
Ain't that the truth. RT : Current definitions of what's normal will be regarded as pathological in 15 years.
Face-off moments away from - Mammoth vs on Fan Appreciation Night
LOLOLOL. Hehe, this is going to be funny.
Wow! UNC is KILLING duke! #blowout #espn#
ready for the weekend already
Just went on a really fun go-see! :p :D so nice today Kyra
The divorce rate and Kim Kardashian helped destroy the "sanctity" of marriage.
I'm Ol' Floppy Arms! And I challenge Gutierrez to a gopher grillin' contest! Then we'll really see who's fit to be Mayor! Floppy 2011!
weekend coming :) day dreams working!
I rather watch film
sad to have missed you! I'm running late, thx for the support as always, hope you had fun!
To build consensus on Gen Ed changes, it helps to "think comprehensively but act incrementally" - Joe Favazza, Stonehill
Happy birthday <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
AMERICAN PRINTING HISTORY CONFERENCE (#APHA) conference tomorrow in my Hood
wil u please follow me
Sad for my friend in the cast of It's sad to see this shows closing date is in just a few days.
that's what they say! :)
Bill Laitner from thanks PR professionals for providing support and resources over the years
no problem
We were heavy in amnesia last night .. BK tonight!
In love wit
RT : I ain't seen a thug in ages....these niggas ain't thugs...they just disobedient
#NP Trina ft Kelly Rowland : Here We Go
If you aren't going to the Indy Live radio show tonight , you are missing out.
it's awsome!!! Come open a geiode on me!!! Remind me when you get there. :-)
New game: walk around with a bottle of liquor, ice and mixer; go into random apartments and use their cups.. #ThisIsOurLife -
LMAO! Awesome! RT Dear Vegetarians, if you love animals so much then stop eating all of their food!
I missed 11:11.. Oh great.
is booking jazz entertainment for upcoming weddings and events.
“Why do we love the sea? It is because it has some potent power to make us think things we like to think.” --Robert Henri
Have you ever visited the African Burial Ground in NYC. I think you will find it inspiring.
We're extremely bored.
don't worry about! Miss you tho!
Aren't you just a charmer. But I still am gonna kick your butt in wwf. :)
Wisconsin and MSU lose. #BracketBusted Still have Marquette. Go Warriors er Golden Eagles!
that's sad.
you can do it babe. If you need to talk hit me up
Need a little help from my friends. I am so furious with my cousin for smoking again and lying to me. Am I out of line? I am his caretaker
Yeah I'm fun Today is the day we come together as a family today I LOVE that I saw ppl FOR who they really are
what? How? I'm jealous! “: Watching the Opera episode of Hey Arnold. RT if you know what I'm talking about. This is my childhood.”
I know it's weird but I like the talk show The Talk, it's funny
We're number one! We're number one!!
that sup lol
Y'all better jump on it!
Thank you GOD for seeing me through. I prayed last night and you are answering me! I'm going after my blessings.
dont blow my high
I'm not even on springbreak yet.......
If you a true mindless fan then tweet
Can I make it through midterms without caffeine?
"However fast you think things might change, they will change 10 times faster." - Gary Shenk CEO, Corbis Corporation
these cats drama like the plot you find in soap ops, I watch em fuss and fight to stand up on that soapbox
Only 'new show' panel I want to see @ #SDCC is #LastResort. Anything else, it's just because I'm camping out for #GoT, Fringe, etc
If you died today, could you live with yourself?
With HubSpot, PDS has been able to more easily understand how its website is generating business
I Want A Hippopotomus For Christmas, Only A Hippopotomus Will Do Not A Alligator Or Rinocorusis. #Np I Love Christmas(:
always gets lucky in fantasy football
lmao! We're a pair. Between the 2 of us, we make a whole brain. ;-)
Brian Anderson still doesn't know what Irony is.
Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses. ~Confucius
Haha I picked a answer answer on a test today just cause it said one direction like it said "it flows in one direction " so I picked it :)
why are you doing this to me:'( so mean
Mos def. RT : should know and hire me, huh? :-)
RT : Day 11 and everything is on SALE B2G1F (Buy 2 Get 1 Free) at all Official Fairwear Stores!!!
awww they are good kids!
lol. YES bro. my mom must think i don't like cool stuff =( i'ma cry
It's April and snowing? It better stick then!
Thank you, Brittany. Still recovering. Ha!
My bad. I accidentally dropped my lucky wheat penny on the tracks. I had to go down and get it.
What in the hell was that? Stupid, just stupid.
Being an IU alum & all, would you please offer up a #WWSD make-over for Tom Crean starting with his hair.
“: #Leo refuses to give up.” - we're very persistent!!!
"Category 'Beyond Hispanic' was opened for agencies in Puerto Rico" ?!?! #noentiendo #heard at
ha ha miss you sis!
the head of the agency the man is working 4 is outta town. we all know what that means!
who uses tweetdeck? love it? hate it? i want recommendations on the best way to aggregate my media, please.
Nickelback in Atlanta was amazing.I have 6 more shows to attend!You're welcome!I don't mind to travel to see an amazing show!
Can't seem to find a supermarket on the cape- what gives?
I haven't been on here in forever...
Missed the bus, get to stay home from school.
What is the best holiday for music?
I know what you mean. I only found out because the beta download links disappeared. Was surprised there was no fanfare.
Men who brag about how many females they're fucking or fucked. #getonmynerves. Bcause none of the women they sleep w/are worth braggin about
I showed my teacher a picture of you and she was like oohh.hes cute. Who is he!! Then my friend was singing 11:11!!
#3WordsOfAdvice so be ready
Huh, I seem to have run out of business cards. Ordering more - hopefully they get here in time for #mlanet12!
The fact that noelle cried because she was soo proud of our dance made my day
why you don't think so???
I wish that and I were both home from work early tonight so we could watch Game of Thrones at a reasonable hour
cool...did u um read the contest tweet we posted
You mean "masher-ish"? Not at all!
I want to visit my unclee please <U+2639>
haha! look what you've done to me, Kristen! You put mathchat on my twitter deck! lol!
Don't RT he hates Syracuse and is a Jim Nantz fan.
You will freak out so many people...do it! Just warn me before you put it on so I'm not freaked.
you go around snitching; you act like its no big deal; to some people it's not; but to me, it means that i lost trust in you.
Never knew artichokes and spinach would taste so good together.
that sounds so much cuter, omg.
what's up bro
The #Packers beat the #Bears four times in 2011.
this is a brilliant move. too much data? never...RT : Nike and Apple To Jointly Develop Smart Clothing | Rumor...
come say hi to the #madden team. We are at the tailgate.
I'll try again. Anyone on #FIFA12 Xbox live?
sucks when you hate something that you worked on for hours. why am I never satisfied :'(
of course
I will puke if the packers take irving over zieitler and hightower.
E!! KANYEEZY WENT IN on "THERAFLU"!!! he's baaaaaaaccccckkkk!!
Starting to wonder about that myself. Real money in education these days is in testing. Sad.
I love when my friend Josh talks, he has the coolest accent. :)
oh girl I can. He knows I don't like him. #bitchstatus not mad about it. Gotta watch out for my sis<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I know milk does a body good,but baby how much are you drinking?(;
#13Days ??? Why can't it be 2 minutes.
When people leave practice early.. #whereugoing?
Oh man it is true when they say money talks bullshit walks
good luck and here ya' go:)
ha no worries can't wait to see y'all!
hey your a fagget
face it: is awesome.
Thank you ! You made my man's night!
M, my car smells like strawberries! Thanks, Jeff's Car Wash!
I love French fries
today i have failed a class because i unloaded on my feminist professor for lambasting me with her skewed and ignorant opinion ..wanna see?
The Drinks Are Starting To Wk On Me....
Big Sean at #ChurchKey. Also the #plaidarmy is here.
Two thousand dollars for ice? I can get an Eskimo for two hundred dollars and make my own ice. ~ Horse Feathers
Somebody go pick up so he doesn't have to sleep on the side of the road somewhere in between Vermillion and Souix Falls.
#3WordsOfAdvice stick and stand :)
Ever since Steve passed away, Tim won't give me as much info. ;)
we need to get your picture set on here.
Thanks For Following Doll! I Followed Back (: xx
What song?
let's make it about that now
No matter where I am, no matter where you are, I'll be there when it's over baby, 'cause I was there from the start #wizlove #rollup <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
: Wish we had the money or people to do more, but it's a free event and only a handful of folks watch remotely. /cc
Heaven has to resemble downtown Chicago when the weather is nice
i guess the guilt from that sandwich has long gone haha
RT : Man, some days it don't matter what you do, that spaghetti ain't sticking to the wall.
Omg!! I got a twitter!!! Don't tell anybody!
RT : Indoor air quality is important! Check out this video: 5 Systems For Healthy, Energy-Efficient Homes...
Doesn't Winger say "a man's gotta have a code" while Williams does a double take?
So True!! RT : Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. -Confucius
RT : No matter how old you get Mom will always be Mom. Mine just yelled at me for only eating peanuts for lunch yesterday.
War is the biggest ego trip of all time.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger and you stand a little taller!
Learning a lot about social media thanks to #smss12. Planning F2F event June 16 with Lon Safko, author of Social Media Bible, in San Diego.
Truth! Good work :)RT : Got my 1st run of 2012 in, feel like this is the year of the new me.
Good on you, Dana. (Still think Jimmy will tear you a new one) but good on you nonetheless.
hey sup? im bored
Just got home.
You are the result of billions of years of evolutionary success. Start acting like it.
Ready for bed.. It's not even 10pm... 26 yrs old #oldmanhereandwhat!
A Vandy win here mathematically eliminates u from being able to win the pool. I'm a Badgers fan so I want the Vandy loss.
Seriously? Did some girls forget to do their hair? This is national TV!
this storm that's about to hit >
lmao what does that mean? And are you full black?!
Starting up a small business? Check out the first part of our continuing blog on growing it! Parts two and three will appear next week.
I'm hungry.
darling girl, mostly useless for me: you know they mostly don't even make them in an A, right?
no prob just shout me out
I heart eighties music. It makes for an excellent work environment.
western civ. is always much better with a tidal wave and snyders!;P God provides!
This will be my last tweet concerning Christina. How disrespectful can you get to text while someone is THANKING you?
I Love Las Vegas Magazine...BLOG: LOVE Shopping? May&#39;s ...
You know people just like to get you down! You will never be that person to me. No one puts babe in the corner lol
22 team conference? #why?
was nothing but a quick shake maybe a couple bit on it~rookie tactics BMSPF ~ scored some cheap ones ; )~
3. #Cardinals 9 #Brewers 3 | Crew clobbered by Cards / Aoki's first Brewer hit / leaves haiku hopeful.
i think i have over 30 days to go without coffee and it is very hard this morning.
BITCH R U SERIOUS
I love having a ceiling fan
Im buying it because of the boobs.
I'm glad that ride is over
Where is your favorite place in Texas that you have visited? Austin? SPI? Houston?
“: lmao I'm turnt tf up right now mane!!!!!!!!” hm what was in that drink??? Umm turn the TV off ma'am haha!
sorry for party rocking!!!!
Ouch! :p
the hospital waiting room is devoid of electrical outlets. how will I distract myself without gadgets? may the batteries last long.
happy belated birthday from
Last night on Inside the NBA Shaq and Sir Charles backed up all of my claims about Blake Griffin. I'm not crazy, he's not that good.
But congratulations!! And thanks for allowing me to be there. So cool to watch you grow into a grown man & husband!
Did Chris Brown get eaten by Pit Bull? RT Great end to the All-Star Game right now. No, seriously.
great article!
Remind me again. Why are we supposed to care about Jessica Simpson?
The resume is on the back of the heashot. They are used for agencies, acting, and modeling. I only act , can't wait to audition for TV shows
putting "lunch" twice on your to-do list will not make you more productive
Perhaps we could put their crazy message on billboards, so everyone could see how crazy they are.
Equity Principal THE RUNNER STUMBLES - The Bleecker Company Auditions Read more:...
I really don't want to go to school tomorrow....
Great conference! RT We had a blast at the 2010VPPConf and we hope you did too!
Hey , when do and myself get an official press release?
I have a huge to-do list tomorrow.
Look at frustration as a positive thing. It is the frustration that drives you to improve. John Lyons
#HighSchoolMemories trying to skip a class but then...epic fail
-- that's so cool! And YES I'm proud of you!
Pretty amazed that elementary school students are sharing technology efficiency tips, though I shouldn't be.
A wise man ought to realize that health is his most valuable possession - Hippocrates
Thank you, you too.
Happy National Pie Day!
Also, I plan to pay in all quarters from now on!
This is pretty much the #1 reason I wouldn't vote for him.
Sorry to hear you were ill! Sounds awful. Glad you're on Twitter. I missed you on FB!
Alas. No worries. Have a nice summer if I don't run into you before. Enjoy Canada!
what's ur number then? Or have u gotten uppity on a brutha.
hey what's going on outside your building, iw ork for ch.5 and i'm being nosy!!
love day to be spinning out here, miss you budz!
One more day and I get to see my bebe.. Good luck mañana <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Unfriend You is still my favorite song it's just so catchy! I listen to it everyday <3
#idol - Hollie, Jessica and Sklyar complimented each other well. Good performance. The girls rock.
Don't be jealous , you are pretty too <33
Yes, middle and high school is a growing focus, and they're looking at developing some teacher features in the near future.
Broken bones, extreme bruising, and hemorrhaging? Sounds like yum to me :) Time for dinner be back in awhile
Bring a knife to a fist fight, a gun to a knife fight, and a M134 to anything else
I wonder when some Sudekis descendants will surface from Illinois and Connecticut.
Finally Opening day for MLB... its a bit cold and wet here in the northeast but Yanks played and won. RedSox play in Texas tomorrow
Feel so good
I can't speak Japanese, which makes the tweeting a little bit more difficult.
THE COUNCIL tonight at Bus Stop. You know the drill.
Packing my Black Friday survival pack for work: trail mix, Almonds, Sun Chips (garden salsa), Red Bulls, OJ, and H2O! :D
there is, and you're around the corner. Marriage. “: Why isn't there a service that will give me breakfast in bed at my house?”
YOU DON'T GET OUT OF SCHOOL FOR THANKSGIVING TILL THE 23RD BOY!! NOT THE 18TH
is doing more than he knows to keep me awake so i can study for finals. Thank you for being crazy awesome at life.
Great seeing you tonight at
To paraphrase - Everything's easy except the starting and the finishing.
I'm really not feelin school today
RT Adobe Connect guy just stated that this new version is huge improvement over all previous versions. Every1 agreed.
I wanna go swimming ...
THE WAY THE WORLD WORKS YOUR OPINION
- Kuzma said I just missed you - what did you get ?
i mean i take 36mg of a strong meth drug every morning...dont think that makes gomez less crazy....but i love it...
dinner date and movie with the bff
From American Idol to ABDC, All the things I cant do cx
RT and tell others to follow if you want me to send Dm's to you personly and more!
Idc anymore just do you.
yeah! And to hear it nd think its you they r calling
99.9% of my thoughts these days are about summer and how great I plan to make it
someone already made it rain up in here!
#ImminentDanger Zander: at MJS sponsored conference says reporter 'obsessed' with civil commitment. Wow. We paid for this mike!
Trying to find the best way to cook that kielbasa? Check out Menards!
America.. we love everyone.
thanks to everyone who came and made it such an unbelievable event!!!
Really wish I was back in Indy for the Big 10 Champ game. It's off the hook. Will be there next year fo sho!!!
Ayee tyler from taking the stage is in this movie!
All I need is my music and my best friends to forget you and your lies.
placed 8th in the 10k my soph and junior years...big 8s then though
I wish it was tomorrow night and I was seeing with right now! I don't want to work!
Good job, Governor!
If you're ever going to pick a fight and get punched in the face, now is the time.
Very Monday like!
I'm confused.... did Christina pass?? I'm late. just got to watch it, butthey didn't show her result hum weird:/
People who think Kesha is genuinely talented
Good article on DHEA – production decreases as we enter our 30’s but supplementation may be the answer for you:...
To watch National Championship game or Buccos Phils exhibition game?
Happy Fathers Day! My granfather was best role model of father for me. RIP.
Oh wow! Just downloaded it! Works really well - thanks so much for telling me about this.
no video but limited & relatively specific. Need different discussion format
I've been here for Austin from the START &I'll be here till the end <U+2665>
“: Ibaka holding left wrist after fall” uh oh
Yey Amanda!!! Welcome home
It's going well. Big news for us in 2012. I'll email you today! Good to hear from you!
Lord, before I was formed, You knew me. You know my whole life. So I now throw in the towel of trying to please everyone and trust You!
The CW network makes the cheapest, most pointless previews for their shows. Cheap network is cheap.
"If we really want big data to be useful in a clinical setting, it has to be used in the context of patient care ,
I went last night to help my mom and will never go again, people are fucking crazy
oh her Easter was great though. She got 3 easter baskets and she tried to crack an egg on enrique! Plus it was jaylins party
and will be Friday Night for Burque Bop. Last Concert celebration of the season.
Hate is only a sign of weakness, but showing love is powerful.. even towards your enemies!
you know there is an app for that! :)
#Appreciating the #true good friends I have. A solid friendship is a rare thing now days...especially in
11 puppies? *sneeze* OMG that is amazing!
Stop in for $5 select burgers (until 8pm) & $5 select drinks for lunch, happy hour, dinner.
RT : #3amigos and myself the one and only out at The Place killin it with
Tonight I'm at legroom on division st for wild Wednesday come get your hump day on til 4am!
You make it sound like work! (well, ok, it is) Have some sympathy for the guy who has to put your exam together ;-)
It could happen... I'm pulling for ya.
One would hope so. RT Any chance Haviland ends up on the #Isles bench?
I think it's harder on the parents we depend on them more, I used "The Pacifier Fairy" came & left a toy in place of it :)
Love it! RT Google’s Best Benefits: The Top 7 Perks Google Offers Employees: tmblr.co/Z9Q5axFjKs1O
Guys: The most precious gift you can give a girl is the gift of your time and attention.
Hey. Yeah, you! It's buy one, get one 50% off all month long. Why are you still reading this tweet? Come by the store right now!
Yeah it is, now I understand why he is #5 today instead of 88. Didn't make sense at first.
20 minutes till my girl gets married. It's gonna be a long & beautiful night!! I'll post pics
CBJ dman Grant Clitsome, currently on waivers, a little pricey with 1 more year at $1.125M, #TSN JR what do you think?
(6/6) Indeed almost all ‘public employees make too much money’ stories lack any actual cost/benefit grounding for criticism.
woo hoo!!! Thanks Kari :) u see that new vid of me and
Howdy friends! If you have not yet done so then please go "like" us! Help us get 500 likes for Christmas! W.facebook.com/Walestheband
Race Street Pier Comes Alive With a Summer Season Program
Alex Collazo's drawn headshot makes him look like Mark Zuckerberg.
workin on it !
Everybody, put up your hands, scream "I don't wanna be in love.."
The show has started
Open today. Peanut Butta Brownies!!! Also 2 qtr lb Beef, and or Polish Beef sausages for$6 bones. Alotta rain, im already soaked
If you ask me, business coverage is the last thing newspapers should cut, as they could use some biz sense themselves.
me too! I love that they're writing a story relating the values & experiences of GS on how it shaped women's prof. lives.
Tune Inn is open again so must have a headache. Tweet as much as you want,
any word yet on the CMA FEST?? Will u b going its only 3 weeks away u know
That awkward moment when nothing is really awkward.
RT I just found a quarter in the vending machine, if anyone is looking for a sugar mama.
You can't figure me out don't try it will result in brain failure.
Because you are awesome!
I agree
Wow! Your avatar is hot, country lady!
***Tops for under $40*** Shop one of a kind fashion from around the world: www.store.ustrendy.com
who has time for any of this..lol
u work tonight?
lmfao omg just leave now
thank u for S/O!
Screw Vikings.
first thing you need to do is uninstall Windows Movie Maker and ask yourself "What was I thinking?"
From South Grove TAP meeting: "Discipline problems have decreased as the quality of instruction has improved."
Floyd mayweather greatest athlete Ever!!!
Right!? Straight girls need to quit ''experimenting''.. All it does is break real lezzy hearts. :((
We're definitely ready for the #ALAconf next week! Good attendance, great education planned and even a luau. Mahalo!
Ok tweeple... Is campbells doing click for cans this year?
Sitin here watchin my band play This Christmas on last year 2011
The hunting party returned home, bringing their game with them
Thanks for all the #ff love guys! Keep it coming!!
I Made it to Paris News!!!!
Sorry bitches but I'm not paying $20 to park in the parking lot of MY SCHOOL
Gosh , thanks for the RT. Now if I could get you to bust a freestyle while I beatbox, my plans for world domination would be complete!
“In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins – not through strength, but through persistence.” -Buddha
Pay a mortgage, utilities, groceries, car payments, and insurance and then you can talk about being a grownup.
There's a google docs document out there ppl are sharing the answers on.
looks the battle drums are rumbling for the Sounds of Detroit to be heard.....
It was good to see you this morning Kevin at the Open Coffee! I look forward to the campfire tomorrow!
yay! And too!
man fuck EVERYBODY !
Naah. We can start the research Sunday, and do it next week.
RT Everyone please follow and help #FindLauren. Get it trending. Get the word out...
I can't stop laughing and I don't know why....
RIP Levon Helm. The world lost a music legend today.
You're the best, looks like your biggest fans are Christians today. Keep up the good work!
Swedish candy is so yummy!!!
Proud to have a fellow Zoe as a 'Skin!! Congrats PG!!! Welcome to Redskins Nation!!! #Bonbagay!!
Just received: "It is the submission part of being a writer that wears me down." Wow. Thanks !
Sean Kingston was involved in a jet ski crash and he is in critical conditions so let's all
lmaoo I'm not going in there! I'll have my daddy check it out when he comes home from work lol
on the voice! Can't wait to hear him preform Boyfriend live for the first time! :D #Swaggy!
United we stand, divided we fall.
"Nothing deceives like success" - Joe Kraus, Founder of Excite
we need a Pushing Daisies reboot where Ned's touch gets the dead to talk, but also makes them zombies after.
Just bc something ends doesn't mean it can't start back up again<3
Lets go Birds!!!
fork that!
Seniors applaud proposed St. John&#39;s tax cut
Hey don't get 2 comfortable on that chair, I am on the way back, the first think ill repeal your repeal of
by who the FCC?!! nobody cant Control the Kentucky Rattlesnake!!!
My mom brought me takis (:
did you read the post? :) CC/
100 Years Ago Today the Titanic Sank. 12 minutes ago today I watched a fat lady at the B'more airport lick cheese off her hamburger wrapper.
#AFC #NFC RT Sunday Specials-$7 Domestic pitchers from open to close, .45 cent wings.-Award Winners All Day
he's going to be very clear.
completely agree the Bulls don't stand a chance in this series. To much fire power.
The concept is that active engagement is valid-- even if contributors are creating a bad product (transcriptions, etc.)
Look at this photograph... Every time I do it makes me laugh.
Ah, birthday celebrations are over. My belly is sated, my liver is annoyed and my heart is full
on my phone I curse auto-correct but on my computer I get so angry when url's I frequent don't auto-fill
All conflict comes from attachment. <U+0096>Anthony de Mello
I don't understand where they get that theory from. Most goal scorers in BPL are foreign born.
Ahah, I was thinking the same thing.
hey hello!!!!
Alex from will be on in the 10:00 Hour! Wanna know what it takes to get on Ruby Hornet!? Morning Show
LaMarcus #Aldridge is good enough to get you beat. So sick of those long 2's, most inefficient shot in the game.
thank you #directtv, 2nite i have no tv. im missing and not happy. call me
You too? And now there are blue skies!!!
Dear dad- what ethnicity are you? My mom says u r Indian. I have reservations about that.
Hey! It was a pleasure sharing the stage with you last night. Hope to play together again soon!
Going to get #JonHeading from GameStop and taking him home because I'M A DAMN GOOD FRIEND. Ya hear!? Lol
FOLLOW ME <3
Have you seen children at play recently? They can make games out of candy wrappers.
Damn That Girl Gets Everything She Wants.
Going to get "Raise The Jolly Roger" tattooed on me some time this year.
Having some alone time while my daughter watches Spy Kids on the big screen. I should go down there. I would get a good nap in before bed:)
The Service Industry tonight at Hole In the Wall! We go on at eleven o'clock.
RT : I don't get why AT&T blocked Google Voice. You still use your cellphone to connect the calls & they still charge for the minutes.
Leading at the Called Out conference at Anderson University this wknd w/ Contact AU admissions for registration & info!
Man that walkin dead ep just made me extra sad
Is it weird that "Pour Some Sugar on Me" has been stuck in my head since the morning?
so bored
i got the dance right! Heaaayaaahh! Niall ;)
In Boston discussing new frontiers of democracy
Happy Friday! I hope everyone had a wonderful week and a great weekend planned! Remember, one of the keys of life is love, love, love!
I've opened heart to show u wats inside. U seen everything yet u never really cared:/
You bitch mind your business
Some major brands of
Everything's back to normal with the site now. Sorry about that.
My cat is just so damn adorable! Love her!
. Every possible aspect of planning and making today's trip could not have been more deplorable. FYI.
Excited for my day with tomorrow
Delighted to have Peter Bielagus back on the show today! Now's the time to look at those finances and he's just the person to help. Tune in!
did you just quote this movie! impressive
that was a heart-breaker...sheesh.
I think those fools are actually in the commercial RT That singer reminds me of Fries and Scotty combined
Thanks Alex. I didn't really know him, but knew folks who did. Good kid and sad story. Makes you take a minute to think.
Awesome!!! Congratulations Paul!!! Not surprised at all.
haha.... Went to Pinky's last week. Friend ordered the White Trash Burger and paired it with a PBR. #newcombo!
Some #JERK stole 3 iMacs from OUR lab today in Johnston Hall G23. If you have any info please let MIlo or Campus Police know right away!
Going to try to get a lot of work done today...tidy up all loose ends!
I would love a baby kitten.
I promise you will get a good mention when I write my late 90s-early Aughts black corporate internet roman-a-clef
was a pleasure! Dinner with you and G soon, dammit!
He always eating all the damn cereal..ugh..like come on...ugh
What up doe?
thank you!!:)
#LovetheGame - whats up williamsburg pickup league... Jordan Brand - knows how to make a good advertisement
I'm sendin my epk over to Doug !! Let's work..
Mosely need a check... Shyt I'm not mad tho!! Better get it while u still can!
What do you get when you cross Ann "The Man" Coulter with Jan "The Tan" Brewer? I have no idea but God help us all.
Tom ask ur guest about the effect of the corn subsidies and sugar consumption
music festival in benghazi moving forward
It's new comic day! What are you excited to read this week?
no, wanted to check it out, but stuck at work until 10, then off to birthday karaoke :) have fun!
You are the missing half of me
We must be global Christians with a global vision because our God is a global God - John Stott
I SUPER don't give a fuck so bring it!
Now to emerge wearing ridiculous shades.
$995 is right! even better? we ship to you...on us. So, how many would you like? ;)
Robby show me that bobby;)
I hate being with drunk people <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I don't recall seeing the #naturalgas hashtag as much. I'm all about effeciency and #natgas is quicker and easily recognized.
hey see you in Dayton,Ohio on Friday
Looking forward to it! :-)
flash goes the paparazzi pre show. Celebs a plenty.
Late-night Kroger runs
TD Junior Hemingway!!
AMAZING 6 hours in the studio...
If being gay were a choice wouldn't everyone just float back and forth depending on the boning opportunities.
Now Rashard Mendenhall makes NFL to Slavery comparisons also...???? Cmon man....!!!!!! Quit your job already if you dont like it
It's the spirit that counts! MT : 3 days before #Christmas: presents wrapped=0; cards sent=0; cookies baked=0; tree decorated=0
#melo and stoudemire dont play defense, typical #NBA "superstars" no wonder they are losing
Not sick anymore, got up with out my alarm, and in exactly one month I will be in Spain. Today is going to be a great day!
If you have an event, conference, party, show, and need transportation arrangements for attendees, hit us up! Let's talk!
Rondo did way too much down the line. Back to Boston to settle the series.
Clue to Centenarians&#39; Longevity: A Mediterranean Diet
Therefore, standardized spelling of names is intimately connected to the history of the rise of the American telegraph industry.
All my nigga be at in the trap house
My Monday morning train is empty. Is everyone still in bed recovering from Mad Men?
Inner thoughts...
I'm sure that feeling will change some when we're out on our own.
Its a legit beard nowadays though RT : too busy stroking his beard
~I love everything about the South... especially the people!
mm well damn lol.. i dont wear vans. i wear nikes n jays
W brand party is a hit!
just hit me up im always down
"I'll be working in a major city" ... and Chicago is not a major city?
Just had lunch & great conversation about with
Shamwow should get into the tampon business. Think of all the money you'd save buying just one forever! Wring it out and on ya go!
Brought 06 Bartolucci Vineyard Cab to our neighborhood Italian spot. Cab and lasagna? Delizioso!
We've got them all!!!
We are doing big things for #Avaya and
Ladies Thong Swim suites only...Lmao
I disagree w/ so many ppl can make no sense of virtual maps, still navigate by landmarks, physical space.
But bye.
Shout out for shout out??
Looking to enjoy a healthy lunch? Stop in and receive 20% off any creative lunch salad. Mean Green Thursday!
T-Mobile’s Network Will Be iPhone-Ready This Fall
I'm in this city I've never been to and he totally abandoned me at dinner to find a ride w someone else.
ok its hard to come up with stuff lol
Two soon-to-be released novels I can't wait to read: 11/22/63 & 1Q84.
No one's flawless mayne, don't trip on the wrong things..
I was distressed that holiday decorations were up "already", but it's not really "already". It's time.
#ladysnight at The Anchor Bar in #Tampa come in for great deals and lots of
Great speech by at the #PRSA paragons in Milwaukee. Congrats on the Dorothy Thomas Black award, Dave!!
Love this!
it was awesome (wuank)
I really look forward to reading it!
Haven't gave a shit all day about these terrible games but damn clip show might pull this off
We are booking up fast..call today for Birthday reservations (281) 872-7778!!!
Dance is the "spice of life!" Like other forms of #art, #dance has the ability to lift the soul and stir the imagination.
thanks and a half!
that's what I was saying to the bitch that's what I mean by jumping ship
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Northbound 360 right after Spicewood Springs
follow me
Coaches who have seen Lombardi; Shula, Cowher, Coughlin, Reid, Sparano...rumor has it another one in the house Sat...come see who...
it might take a while get them all out the door, but higher order #s means easier to make them at the lower price.
LOL YEA U CN GO! ONLY IF YOU KEEP YA WORD LOL
is the best place - we look forward to hearing from you!
here's some more advice... Don't publish be fact we had a #manchat. But i appreciate the shoutout.
When you coming to Destin again?
would like to bring back the Society for the Diffusion of Useful Knowledge.
You never really know how much stuff u have, until u have to pack to move. Been a long day for me, good nite all.
im talking but inhaling
“: God has uniquely gifted you to help someone. Be available as God opens doors for you to do so.”
#Random I want to spend a day w/
You know, for being a plumber, Mario sure does get into some ca-raaazy situations...
i am now a member of . best $10 i EVER spent!
And #Linsanity continues
and that's why you are special! #thebest!
Its always great seeing friends I love :)
WELL IM NOT SURE WHO GO BE TIRED.
Love focusing on this type of thing MT : #Values Truth in values. What small or big ways do u live by your values today?
Yup, not a happy thought... Good thing I'm not about to go to sleep thinking about this. :/
yay! So excited!!!
Tip #63C: "When you want to know what I know as bad as you wanted to breathe just now...you will know." #areyouhungry?
not yet registered for Bonamour model casting call in Dallas this Saturday? Please contact Micah Blehm at
#Rainbow submitted into the #QBC film festival!! Affecting change as far as we can see
u mite run a 4-3 but u wont run up on me
Happy Valentine's Day Columbus! Cuddle up with a special someone or special teddy bear and stay warm on this snowy day.
Saw a fox walking on the bike path in Rock Creek Park this AM. Looked like s/he was doing the walk of shame.
Not cool, bro. #BadKarma RT a better Rickie Weeks poll would be "In what month will Weeks be out for the season
This Friday, 4-13, in Stockholm, tell King Carl & Queen Silvia 'to recognize'; they are Swedish royalty, you, are ours! :)
#alexandroberttweettweet follow me follow me tweet tweet =D =]
MY SHOW 5 30 PM Pacific Time www.syndicateradio.tv click on lIVE BROADCAST!!
oh SING! haha that's awesome! Are you stoked? :]
3 pm Sunday is the worst time to find out that you have to memorize and deliver a speech in Chinese at 10 am Monday.
Feelin too good!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays everyone. Enjoy some mulled wine and the company of friends and family!
movie marathon
Sunday May 9 here me live or streaming at www.wcuw.org on Shirim featuring the new CD release from Sababa - performing in MA May 21-23!
It couldn't possibly get any better, NEW Beavis and Butthead!
Want to make it???? First get a hot single... Next market it the right way.... Flooding twitter and Facebook will not get u on
I move out that night, so... Nothing haha
#ThoughtsWhileRunning why did Mr Luna put me in the 800? -.-
you are a puppet! all the other puppets look down on you wee man.
"Anaconda" #describeyourpeniswithamovie (the one with Jennifer Lopez, not J.Lo)
Watching my girlfriend get kicked out of DG.
haha that's okay just do what works for you! I'm just going to wear bright solid colors all summer and my cutoffs :)
Frantically writing a history essay due tomorrow hahaha
to stay cool here in Glendale lol
I LIKED IT:) CANT WAIT FOR MORE
This SUMS IT UP!
Check youy phone bills carefully fir
say what?
hey guys, we have a song practially finished! Go LIKE us on facebook, and we'll try and release it! facebook.com/MissingInAlaska RETWEET!
Spending this freezing cold Saturday night in bed with my book, then hopefully my boy :)
Congrats! It looks great!
Going to b.v.m carnival tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
All repairs completed
the last 2 piks don't look like the same girl
I absolutely love SWS and Pierce the Veil :))
It took me until January 7th to actually tweet about the Bruins.
cool, I met him once my wife set up a meet as a christmas present for me at her friends home. I was impressed with the young man.
heading your way!
Glad we could help. At the risk of being redundant, Thanks for the thanks... #IDODI 27 days left!
Dear Lord! Why do I have a Rick Astley song stuck in my head!!
Nicolette Your Lucky -_- . i wish i was yoou. want to trade lifes for one min :D
I love watching you play!! Any chance of RT for a orange and blue die hard???
Question: does coffee or tea grow anywhere in these United States of America?
You can break down a woman temporarily, but a real woman will always pick up the pieces, rebuild herself, and come back stronger than ever.
: you should check out Mobile payment via text message from your mobile device
Watching hardcore pawn
I know it's been a lot of years, but I can't look at an orange and white #Flyers jersey with #8 on it and not think of Dave Schultz
u know u got a "bad" phone company when u try 2 pay the bill online n the website tells u "sorry were experiencing technical difficulties"!
At the pier(:
What the F! you knew about this a long time ago!
Chris, thanks for the follow. Good to hear from you. How are you?
Eli Degibri powerhouse saxophonist w/ ability to sing thru his instrument. He has a thick tone and uses it to great effect.
Done with school, now prom needs to hurry up
I was going to choose "Beards" layer only (first showing), but if it's an indigo game day, may go that way instead.
nice HU that was awesome!
Ughh I'm in so much pain right now:( 25 yrs old and never had a broken bone til now. Just wish the pain would ease up enough for me to sleep
What page are you looking at and what browser?
RIP Dick Clark... Thanks for all your New Years Rockin Eves
I've never smoked a cigarette eever in my life!!!!
So who gets the Idol boot tonight??????? Come on....BIG MIKE???
follow for follow? (:
I bet Pioli had microphones installed in the beanbag game.
Come on and
michigan bout to get a win tonight
thanks love! But is the real hero!
I like how I can follow the mess and tell exactly what my roommate did last time he was in the room
my first SLA conference was a great experience...now looking forward to a relaxing weekend :)
Tonight is going to involve a lot of alcohol.
What a busy morning for us! we delivered dumpsters in Bellaire to a home elevator installation and one to a home remodel site on Bunker Hill
hey sis, just want you to know that you are amazing!! keep fighting the fight-it's worth it
Out to dinner and my sister asks me "So how much Carmel do I have to add to the Onions to make Carmelized onions?? #JessicaSimpson!!
Doctor's Orders: one ice cold Labbat's. Relax.
A man begins cutting his wisdom teeth the first time he bites off more than he can chew.
Confirmed Celebrity Guests for our San Diego Pride launch for ! Red carpet 'meet and greet, two floats and more!
what are you up to?
finally catch up on emails? or did the 4am flt derail you again.
that tweet is so much better since your pin was placed on a highway
Both. You bring up a great point- Corporate welfare is just as destructive if not more destructive
Austin Rivers
hey i see you <3
"Surrounded by people who seemed to possess a devastatingly clear sense of purpose, I buried myself in fairy-tales." --Midnight's Children.
is coming to Indiana tomorrow super pumped can't wait!!!
Drink peppermint tea before bed to help tame that sweet tooth! It also improves digestion and can help alleviate headaches:)
Do you use Hookt IM? If so be sure to add Hookt ID FWFH78U
Whoa oh there she goes...
What an informative day of #food safety and great networking at Manufacturing Matters! Thanks
That's why I love my job! RT : Brewing beer; one of the only jobs where it's okay to take work home with you
Innocent until proven guilty is just a bullshit statement now a days
Such a beautiful day and there's nothing to do..
I fall asleep in the movie theater, I come home & I'm wide awake -___-
"better drop the zero and get with the hero...Ice Ice, Baby." I hear he does amazing house decor nowadays...
118 BB. Got them from a guy here in Orlando
Im up here bruh I'm going to be here for the whole summer wbu
lovely weekend at the lake house now back to reality
Special #FF to CMO for being a mentor to me and always providing the best insight in the business
You believe this crap?!
Followed! Thanks for following us as well!
what team are u supporting tonight?
Hmm coffee always fucks up stomach
Fage Yogurt with Honey! It's been a while! Yummy:)
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Me: yes! They forgot about the homework I didn't do! Student: what about the homework! Me: prepare to die..
Capitol Centre Market is an authorized Madison Metro Bus pass agent
we just got a case of Gin! stop in and be one of the first to try the first Gin by one of Chicago's newest distillers.
I love hearing the news describe people losing tens of thousands of dollars as 'taking a hair cut'. Where the fuck do you get your hair cut?
FRIDAY PICK UP LINE: Do I know you? Cause you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
You'll be fine, there's an alarm you know.
#Apple best not use the girl's name, Daria in their #Siri ads because it shows up as Diarrhea. Good thing I proofed my email. Ugh.
RT : Would you like to ask me questions here on Twitter? Join me for my #AskBlair Twitter Chat on March 1st at 1pm PT/4pm ET!
Let you know when I do! Could you refer me to your commercial one? RT Know of theatrical agent that is looking for talent?
have you considered going with indie pub.? With large publishing houses spending less on new writers, it's a way to start.
Deleting my facebook that shit lame af .
i wonder what gun imma get;)
I followed back, thanks for following.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Don't let weeds grow around your dreams. -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
I just wanted to say "HI"! Hope you're doing good! : Bye...wait Please FOLLOW me!!! Please,please please!?
got to listen to your show choir. Really good son
nice! Jr smith rt me
great class tonight, well worth my hand hurting now!
SLU Ph.D. grad Robert Hawkins is the winner of the 2011 Ralph Henry Gabriel Dissertation Prize of the American Studies Association.
Lol ill try, ima come down stairs tomorrow and be like *cough cough* and make.it look like I'm in pain ;)
The reason we think faster than we talk is so we can think twice.
I always feel like I'm ingesting deadly bacteria waiting in any Dr's office or ER. Vitamin up when you get home!
spongebob may live in bikini bottom but i live in AC shoe bottom! follow me <3
1. duh. 2. i need some new stuff for vegas the week before. which makes this a little harder lol
What TV shows we should watch tonight - Guyism
it's difficult.. Well my 1000th tweet is coming up it's definitely going out to and <U+E327>
I Hear The Cops & Gun Shot And Everyone All Shock , But Im Just Like Oh Just Regular Ol' Hot Day. Im Use To That Issh.
let me find out.. RT : ZACKLEE!! RT : It's a mass text
exactly what I was thinking! I can't believe gays of any party would calls such a big announcement "offensive"
Dear Spring, I'm sorry for whatever I did. Please come back soon.
have a blast tonight !!
ah, a rare breed, especially amongst the gay community. #NotThatTheresAnythingWrong with being sleezy hehe.
Alphalpha would be a better spelling for alfalfa. Would save me a lot of corrections on this alfalfa-ful book.
"Most people overestimate what they can achieve in 1 year, but underestimate what they can accomplish in 5 years!" Read The Compound Effect
The #BoyfriendVideoPremiere was good and so worth the wait
Do I need to push my boundaries out more? …ah well, it's dinner time!
Thank YOU! Great energy. Great ideas. Great museums in VA!
most overrated golf course? Hands down, Red Tail
If I had a $ for every submitter who responded to "this really needs serious copyediting" w/"that's what editor's for"...
LOL Yes, that would definitely sell magazines.
unfortunately. Gotta iron da khakis...
"Ashes to go" rd metro, how cute!
just stream the games online
If Greece falls, the "euro project" then falls, patients then take control of the asylum, ESM then a fantasy
It doesn't matter what your race is, your ethnicity, if you like boys or girls. To me everyone's beautiful(: <3
Bc when we don't consistently exercise, fitness falls completely off our radar! Create a set schedule of exercising at least 3 days a week
#wells fargo #layoffs #public finance bankers- contact me for future employment. Hiring analysts on up...
Buy Mike's Carwash express wash certificates from INHP & 50% of proceeds will support INHP programs! Contact now
so yesterday I turned on Netflix and saw there were two Louis CK specials. Watched them back to back.
you hanging. Cancelled Terra Nova too & I actually liked where it was going. 2/2
Thanks! Glad you stopped by! Hope we can meet at the next Austin Bloggers function :)
Less Betty, more Megan!
Ur such a bra god
thank u too! ;)
You as well..
so what's that about 2/3 of the league?
Follow My Friend Trust Me Goeko Please Follow Her She Keeps Playing Your Songs In My Ear and she's a massive fan <U+2665>
I think today is going to be a good day^.^
Follow us on Twitter if you haven't done so!
Use your remaining insurance benefits before they expire at the end of the calendar year! Call to set up an appointment today: 608-836-5700
Upgraded to the 5D mk2...21mp of full-frame bliss!! Love my new
Idek why I'm watching it
Tonight is gonna be amazing! Love ya'll!! <33
Longest school day ever
“: “: Why not close the freeway when I have a 3 hour drive?”--- wear it!!” you'll wear it on the way to Randy Rogers.
Especially the spouses RT : Happy Canada Day, eeh, to all our Canadian friends (and spouses). We'll tip a Labatt Blue in your honor
I'm a little late to the game but I like orange w/ 2nd belt.
See the Iris One system and learn more about how VI technology can improve the way you do business.
After yesterday, today has the potential to be the best day ever
Put the surface of your watch facing upwards to prevent unwanted scratches on the watch face.
instead of Youk, Pedey appears to be the target in this one
ducks fly together
About 20 people came up to me today and said I smelled like Tabacco... 3/4 don't know what it smells like. And 4/4 of them are idiots.
Feed the big German.
Spearmint rhino.
oh. You should fix that.
wish you were here too buddy.
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce, they view it as a positive step forward.
That nap was refreshing!
thanks! If we're ever around come check us out!
I think they mean "no bags of clothes". They need a copy editor.
For the millionth time -- don't send your SSN or password through email. No legit IT person asks for this stuff. Please. Don't. Send. It.
Hey scientists, how we coming on cloning? I could use a few more of me lately. If God made the original, then copies should be fine right?
I've never bought an Apple product. I've also never owned an e-reader. However, I can't wait to buy the Kindle Fire!
#RIP #Godfather of #GoGo #ChuckBrown. Your great big family of friends & fans will miss u!
#MindlessBehavior are the most talented five year olds i've ever seen lol.
yeah so if we were in seats and they had empty vip they might move us up
Today Laverne and I met and enjoyed our time together and will work hard for the NAACP. Fun Dr. Cynthia Harris
Friday's show was so great! Thank you to friends and fans alike for supporting us. Can't wait to share our new album with you soon! :)
Free Tip from www.EasySocialNow.com: you don't have to buy Microsoft Office! Use 100% compatible OpenOffice @ www.openoffice.org 100% free
lay back fall in love and enjoy ya wife.
happy Birthday! Sent by
No more school for 6 weeks!!
People getting suspended for making other people faint. We got some dumb ass people in my school.
next Friday
I got them whats good
prices have dropped drastically kandizone.com
How is everyone doin??
“: Heading to Radisson LAX to speaking on the panel about !”
How I got a text from my bubby saying he misses me and is in Mexico. >
Well, I can't seem to fall asleep despite being tired, so I might as well stay up and finish my thesis.
hi rihanna im your biggest fan! X
Thanks for following Tiny. Stay tuned and I will be sure to keep you posted. All the best to you and yours.
TRAK Records and Library is looking for a Livelink Records Manager in the Washington, DC area. Contact me for details!
"Partnerships are only partnerships if both sides win." -J.R. Kerr
Neva Look Back .
haha sorry again Luke!
Be sure to watch our President as he gives the State of the Union Address this Tuesday. There may be a watch party near you.
dream?? What happened? Also, how was Bermuda?
Follow me on instagram @ ImSoConceited Come on My
I know and possibly over 100 years old. Sad....
Exciting installation going on today at 101 East Main Street with Richard David Moore! Stop by if you're downtown around noon...
Watch for our latest discount offers in the email newsletter being released later today.
ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE"A thought provoking exploration of freedom. It will inspire anyone who has ever dreamed of a better life."-Quincy Jones
Great #receivership panel at #TriSpringConf12 Old Rules New Rules No Rules
that's behind this Homework 2 thang. I have to record specifically for u
so weird we tweeted at the same time about the video
I definitely wore the wrong shirt to work today
The President's New Clothes
cell phone & laptop are both usually on when I watch TV/DVR-- wish I had a tablet.
Got to watch the fight and take care of her :-P
Shastic is the place to showcase your #accomplishments as a performer! Shastic is the place to be! Try it out! www.shastic.com
Lakers time Black Mamba!!!
my daddykins is wearing his #Dodgers shirt I brought him from AZ & watching LAD vs TEX...& its the sweetest thing ive seen today
awe thanks. :) & I know I was beasting it durring the.summer <3
SNL short was amazing and funny <3. Follow!
Who is coming to THIS weekend?
and dance
“Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world.Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has”
I'm the press conference - you just a conversation
watching "beauty and the beast" :)
LMAO RT. this is why our moms are sisters. Talk about serious creepers! “: When my mom awkwardly stares at me in the car”
Getting shiznit done today who would have thought
Fernando Rodney can wear his hat however he wants.
upset I missed the live chat! It's my sisters birthday though!
Bustin it down wit wifey out in the hometown seein da big cuzzo tae! Thankful for my family n my cypher real talk!!
RT Im always asked, "Why did you choose music." I always respond, "Because music chose me."
Thanks for the add:) Wishing you a lovely Sunday and #MuchSuccess!
I have 3 finals and a project due on Monday...and a test tomorrow. Good jeeze. I've got work to do tonight!
I would give my left arm to be sleeping right now, but it is currently being used to tap this child to bed!
This isn't about what YOU prefer, Demandy. This is bigger than you.
It is days like today that make me glad my office looks west and up 22 floors. Great view of the storm rolling in but no tornadoes allowed.
Yea im late, lol still on the bus.
In studyhall listening to music and then language just watching videos,skittles and mnsters for lunch and my 2 others classes are easy C:
Would you read a press release on Flickr? Interesting idea at
Privacy issues - much more info avail re: #ebook use vs. print - IP address, pages viewed, date/time.
Good Morning Mr. Rodgers. Happy Monday
Are you a bar? We'll be calling you in a few weeks to find out if you'd like to be a stop. Very exciting...May is getting closer!
opps . wrong kind of canned air . anyway . Happy 2010
i highly dislike him...
Thanks for playing our cheesy guessing game. The winner of the gift card is Congrats and thanks for playing everyone.
"The Bloody Crumpets" and "The Lake Effecters" snag the last two spots. I can't wait to see the full cast on Saturday morning.
LOL just saw your imaginary dog conversation. you are such a closet dog lover :)
oh yeah im smart because i go to preuss c:
" I'm rockin them...would do sandals too but I'm downtown...
I just realized you're a fellow MTBer!! Congrats on booking a co-star role on #NYC22 I'll be sure to watch for you!
Hanging with my bff Shes crazy!
I'm getting sleepy in dis meeting...
yes but not overnight unless they have had a background check
OMG I just signed Ricardo Kaka And Marcelo from Real Madrid 2 A.C Milan!!! In Pes 2012 :D :)
what's up you drunken bastard
was the very dark one in A Major? It's all relative y'know.
Man never a dull moment. Take my life over anybody
When you're feeling down, you've got to sit back & be thankful for what you still have.
I hope that you all got the message that I am thrilled!
i just wanna yell at her and say I will not watch Disney channel for the rest of the 5 years I'm living with u! Grr she is mean
So pissed that #BreakingDawnPart1 premiered back home in Sweden yesterday, but it doesn't premiere here until tomorrow!!!!! =(
MT Online algebra classes can help bridge gap for #rural students ready for advanced math, study finds...
This weeks #TechTuesday webcast on Deduplication was a hit! Thanks to our audience for the great feedback & participation
Summer needs to hurry up before I die.
130+ speakers, 250+ programs! Professional translators, Yizkor books, LDS microfilms, #genealogy film fest... www.jgsla2010.com
All versions, all seasons, or just the current edition?
With a donation of $100, we thank Jess!! Thank you!! You have made it to the rank of Brother Bro-Patter!!
thanks! I can't wait to download. If I can just stop listening to the new Tindersticks album.
Uggghhhhh really woke me up for this
3. Bank runs are a thing of the past.
no comment
Thoughts on Pitbull aside...AWESOME.RT There's an old lady, seriously senior citizen aged, wanting Pitbull for her ringtone.
Stop. You're making me jealous. But I couldn't do that!! Where do the shoes go!?!?
finnah smash this food ( ;
But sometimes, I really WANT there to be a place with no computers! Must unplug!!!!!
Thanks for following me back. I am a big country music fan. Do you have a youtube channel?
Crazy, Stupid, Love got the first two adjectives right. Delete it off your #netflix list, not worth the 2 hours
wait till you see the trailer.
Coming back from and never hit the gas of my car once coming home from mcdonalds.
Hi can you please follow For me she follows Back!(:
That make 2 of us. He's a gr8 guy with the love for music. He'll get so far in life with that atitude. <3
Are you resurfacing?
Seriously cannot wait to go to the pool tomorrow.The thought of that makes me happy & seeing some of my fave people! 4th of July! Enjoy all!
HIMYM finally moved forward in last night's episode. Yay! It's about time. :)
:D I have lots of random thoughts while riding my bike or on the bus. I thought, "hey! I should tweet these!" Hah
yes i like the
Time for bday supper with Mom and Dad :)
I'm @ the doctors feeling pretty SAD. I wish everything will hurry up & get better for me and my baby. And all the bad go away
It's officially summer: I have a bloody knee. Except this year it's not bike-related: watch out for those steps at Ada Street.
out of class.. my babe just picked me up and brought me a chile relleno for lunch :)
Good luck to you all! Have a great run and then enjoy the tacos, pizza, and brews!
Yes, you do need to purchase admission to the show get your photo taken for a season pass.
word! two bros. roundhouse to start!
why not
It's 10:00! Time to get good sleep for a great tomorrow!
CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE come n putcha name on it ! LMFAO xD
burger joint lol good food so I've heard
Took me quite a while to get around to it, but god damn is GREEN LANTERN bad.
Made a little video today. To be posted later tonight/morning. :D
Do any technology leaders have experience working with a K-12 embedded technology curriculum? I could really use a sounding board right now.
But at least it's instructional!
good news to spread! local #loudoun #leesburg #author releases new book in November!
Yea you cute. But dont let that shit go to yo head
springing ahead to the ER. :-(
Off to work, then time for bed!
Yep! 3 shows at the beacon :) RT : Hi...you gonna be catchin any #Furthur shows in NYC next mo?
hang on followers soon my debut will be hitting radio waves, please message me so i know what you think.
Thank you for following me! Made my birthday that much better :) For your birthday let's go swim with the dolphins?! I'll pay!
Read more of the Hunger Games last night. Can't wait to see and JLawrence in it
haha it's called assistive touch. U can turn it on in ur settings >.<
3 months today with the best boy anyone could ask for ; <3
Cant sleep
a timid yet optimistic reunion with the central park loop in prep for next week's 10K w/ check back with me in an hour-ish.
Mixing some sweet southern gospel this weekend live concert so much fun #harmony #acappella #music so exciting!
Gonna b alot of hairpulling next year.. They need clippers at the draft like going into the army!
thanks for the follow! Hope to see you at the cookout on sept 10th!
Nothin' like a little Pour It Out & Horseshoes and Hand Grenades to get me thru a rainy night at work!
Can you recommend some winter camping/snowshoeing routes near Boulder? I'm planning a 3-night trip at the end of the month.
False by any measure. RT : The Buffett Rule will raise just over $30 billion in tax revenue over the coming decade.
Just watched season finale made me choke up a little. I love this show. I can't wait till next season!
done till saturday
Oh, both of the above, I'm sure! ;) What if the st found an error and (gasp!) corrected it? The impudence!
Mystery, Sensuality, Passion, Love, Pride, Choic, Power, Success, Vanity.... Alter Ago!
That's awesome! See you there! :)
RT : Get ready everyone.. “: The site will go live Feb. 13 so let your friends know who love sports.”
yeah. it really irks me. really irks me that I am irked by it.
I like to play in both arenas. Multi sport social media athlete!!
Delighted to have you among our followers!
Having lunch at was cheaper than a taqueria.. Plus I'm not expected to tip. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
They don't call it #ThirstyThursday for nothing! Drink up!
freaking freezing.
With Great Sports comes Great Beer & Great Responsibility! Enjoy the weekend!!!!
#cnnteaparty If our economy is truly broken, could you fix it within one term as president?
Last night was super irie at BigTim's. Thanks for having us over. And Thanks to BigStoney and Greenman Dan for another great event!!!
#thatBUSTEDmoment when your parents are looking through your phone...
Darren Massingale's genetic code locked in for survival because his three children carry all of his strongest and best traits. He and Tony
Fuck yea I just favorited my own tweet. That shit was awesome and It's gonna happen too.
The world moves fast and it would rather pass you by than to stop and see what makes you cry.
New definition of a quickie.
ha ha. Anytime! We have to take care of our Stlrams family!
“: They NEED to add a KR.” >>> changing my tune today. Not important. Kickoffs becoming non-factor in NFL.
Hey Man If I Get U Some Of Our Shirts Will U Rock Them? I'm From Upstate NY Just Tryin To Get My Name Out Uk??
IS A COLD MC
yo need more followers so follow me i follow you
Seski plan vacation Grants Pass. Seski ride Hellgate Jet Boat 4pm May 22. Come take picture Seski! More later!
I would like a beautiful man with strong thumbs to massage this awful kink outta my neck/back. Too much to ask?
That one text that just breaks u
": "I wasn't that drunk!" Dude, you climbed up a tree and said "OH GOD! Look how big this piece of broccoli is!""
it's great thanks! looking forward to the final!
im crying really hard right now </3
so when i was in like the ghetto of Minneapolis getting gas for my car a big black girl came up to me and told me i was cute.
Special birthday shout out to our main video editor Chris Huff! Happy birthday!
RT changed my username to something simpler...since no one could spell wischusen anyway...please RT so folks know..thanks!
It was a good thing. It piqued my wife's interest which is no easy feat. We talked about casting. Explained: not a remake.
Why are women afraid to lift weights? I'd like to hear your thoughts, both men and women...
Chun: To be is to be updated.
I'm cool as long as I get to hear what she has to say. I seriously heart her!
I got everything ive always wanted living the dream so yeah, everything ive always wanted isnt what it seems im a lucky girl who's dreams
Taking more pics of my guns and posting today.
who would win in a fight prez obama or optimus prime most likely obama yes he can!
they need to make new jordans and nikes
Crack the whip
Couldnt find my external hard drive at first and almost had a heart attack! lol
no Problem :]
Evening run, because the weather/temperature is basically perfect. Thanks for being awesome, NC.
Happy Birthday !! xx
Will be closing the dining room for a party at 5:30 pm today. Will still be serving take out orders during party.
louis can u follow me i love u so much ur my inspiration
naw we won 16-12, its finna be a long night for me
You need to follow us first I believe.
I'm about to head out to my first television audition under my new union
thanks for the mention, have a great weekend
stop farting man.! Ahah
RT : conference... AudienceScience Interactive Advertising Panel w/ and packed house...
It's weird how work is really slow at first then it speeds waaaaayyy up and then that last hour or two just kills you. Haha.
You will you will :) plus, I need to catch up on time with your child
Oh & I was eating quesadillas:D
blood brotherhood
Thx 4 chking my IMDB. Yes, news on that soon :) RT How ya been! like the IMDB update. R u playing music anytime soon?
Brainstorm....that word is soo funny to me lol
Come check us out in Old Town! We have some delicious sour apple, cake batter and of course, dutch chocolate waiting for you!
Today is National Wear Red Day: Wear red to show support for women's heart disease awareness! #Healthy<U+2665>
So, do not drink when you drive and do not drive when you drink
Its hot out here right now, dtects tryna fuck with a nigga
boom, followed.
Poor Bigfoot! Leave it to Texas to keep finding new things to execute.
Why don't they make them out of platinum or gold so they can jack up my tickets, again!
Hope it was a night to remember! ;)
Cover Letter writing will become your new hobby. xD
Ha! Totally should've been HCDE. ;)
Hang in there Denver!
Drugs & Chicken.. What!? Lol
Overwhelmed by the desire for summertime sunshine.
Are you ok?/:
Its Friday! Everyone have their Christmas shopping done?
Fr the millionth time, people, Lebron is not hated outside of Cleveland for going to another team. It's HOW he did it. Stop twisting it.
#Mayweather #H #GoodNight :D
One of the more used apps on my iPhone since I'm an Peet's regular.
Absolutely true. He would occasionally stop by the Third Ward office to say hello. We definitely miss him.
Some men say women are the root of their problems. Those same dudes think their solution is to go out and get more women. Lol
True w/ my son MT Landa "head lag" is an early indicator. Inexpensive rapid screen 4 early neuro development.
Thanks for the love, Ideaman! Super glad you're digging the Snap . . . --Glynn
RT : Watch now. on family planning.
how do I win the new Pete the Cat? The trailer was awesome!
oh wow! Thought for sure he'd admit he did!
Congratulations to for a great production. Have a wonderful closing night!
thanks for the cool new nickname, #shaunbourne hope it sticks! Lol
#MLA - high security/key control systems = the locksmiths edge. Do you offer these elements as part of your product offering?
Ready for friday blaahhh!!
Zombies, you say?
#wordsthatdescribeme dedicated, professional, hard working, whimsical, thoughtful, artistic, creative, loving
But in fact they are perpetually passing into one another
I heard someone is listening to 1D, a lot (; <3
Boo for lightning and delay. Hooray for upgrade!
Anyone seen American Idol tonight? Real Shocker unless you agree with Steven Tyler that could be a case of jealousy or sabotage against Pia
Yes and... You can hear it, they've got beats for days. So your lyrics, can reach the page.
Umm, wtf? He tweeted like only an hour ago.
Name your horse Tapsamour or Taps Amour. Makes use of Jazzy Love and Tapit while sounding like Tap Some More when Trevor announces
Learn Chinese for the day: <U+7EA2><U+8272>(<U+7D05><U+8272>)[hóngsè] red
really you could hv waited till we was done smh
I am deliberate and afraid of nothing. -Audre Lorde
Ah, today was a good day(: Goodnight (:
well i have never heard of any such thing, so i assumed you knew from personal experience
Even Michael Landrum Doesn ’t Know What Michael Landrum Is Up To At Ray ’s Hell Burger Too
...bout me and who I fire I get what I desire And yes I call the shots. I am the umpire I sprinkle holy water upon da vampire In this moment
shouldn't you preface every statement with 'fair share' ?
It's bottling day here at the Mitchell Home Brewery.
OMG – I love em dashes!
NBA Mid Year - simply awesome.
Jets at Broncos in the wild card round, how do you think ratings would fare?
I think CrossFit has evolved a lot in the last 10yrs. I know a lot of PTs that haven't changed a thing in the last decade.
Just found all of my twitter stuff so im going to use it.
sure thing! Sorry I flaked in Feb :( I'll link you to some clubs' menus so you can pick what you want. :)
you should follow me right now
That's what keeps the male skinny jean industry going. RT Is it strange that I find masculinity horribly unattractive....
Define "working out"... want to stretch and poi and hoop?
Cuddle Buddies >>> Everyone else
A leader leads by example, whether he intends to or not. Unknown
and rant about their own problems!! You don't do that! :P
You got it! Sorry I'm so slow. Broken leg slowing me down in more ways than one!
HERBERGER’S AND NEW FOOD COURT ARRIVE AT SOUTHDALE CENTER!
I'm standing right now! :)
that sucks dude
Happy Valentine's Day!
See you next Friday for the #Bridgetefltweetchat everyone!
I'm afraid so. You're entirely bonkers. But I'll tell you a secret: All the best people are.
PLEASE follow me? It would mean SO much! I am a competitive dancer too :)
Great feedback, thank you!
I stayed up till 2 am talking to you, helping you through your hard times and what do you do in return? Break my heart. Cool.
Sounds good.
Your term as Mayor was short Darcy, we would love to have you back!
TAKS can suck it now!!
Hey jude ! :3
is he really?
#itwasintense RT i need no youtube ive seen it live in person. so sick that threw up on my fldnb shirt
Just joined twitter and it's very exciting, and the goal will be to keep this professional rather than yet another time waster.
Love you Ms Houston
OMG I love jumbo crabs. Send some my way. What I missed most about living in Maryland
Thanks for a great show, come back and visit us soon!!
The sun..can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else in the universe to do.Galileo
I chose liberty too, ever protested the TSA's enhanced patdowns?
I have finally decided to join the age of Twitter!
love u!
We love a great cause!! NP :-)
You just are.
Love is just a History, that we learn in school! <3
What does this mean, that you're waiting at Equality?
I was and i am are two different tenses. Learn from the past and live in the present. Its that simple.
Sheeeeeees alive! Lol! We've missed ya round here!
It's on ESPN3 if your Internet provider there plays nice with the worldwide leader.
Hey! come by at Booth 19136 and check out our new technology
Learning about Accountable Care Organizations today. Anyone out there with links to helpful info or examples?
Me too! if I was one of them I would have told my parents about -A from the start instead of she/he torturing me! lol
I guess and I owe you a drink now even though u got lucky there.
Follow my wife is going to be more famous than me....
& theres no stopping us right now
well come to silk tonight!!
Wasn't expecting Ducky's heart attack. Hope he's not dead or someone revives him. Don't want to lose any of my other NCIS folk
check out the tracks!!!!!!
Watching the exorcist. Don't like horror films...not good. #theexorcist #movie -Jared
awww how are you gonna survive with no lunch? Newtowne after work yup
Life is such a great thing to be living right now .
Vita has another NEW look. Check out the #physicaltherapy team AND the #personaltraining team at www.vitaphysicaltherapy.com
Personal #veterans day shout-out to Navy husband + Army dad, encompassing #military men & women who serve so faithfully today. Bless you.
Was this story about Donna Summer a hoax by TMZ??
Ok another work week down so it is time to get to work on some new designs!
: I think Bkin and ER are completely overrated and #TruthHurts is blatatnly underrated
That sounds like a great plan ;)
Finna go to sleep . Got shit to do .
Hi, thanks for connecting! Matthew
why did u scream at him for?
Waking up at 5:30 after having a long day yesterday as well is a killer.
Yes you were :) but that's ok. I appreciated your kind words.
Moneyball was actually good.. I really liked it!
Does it ever happen to you that you are more awake than usual one morning, and everything is unsettling because it's clearer at that hour?
klhloe has to make friends with the most fashionable peeps in the Big D!
Love You My love forever!!!!
Thank you for the RT Patrik :))
Tell your friends about us.
ILL electronic document delivery is magic
WHY NO PICTURE OF THE CUTE?
when your day STOPS sucking at 5....and you finally start getting some work done :/
on the plane now.
they have a full lineup lol. someone gets hurt a pitcher has to play in the field
Had a dream I met princes william and harry. And told harry we'd have the ultimate ginger babies. :-) I blame dr who ep, vincent and the dr
5 hours till puck drop.
Cash game
GREAT DAY 2day!! fun run w , Tore it up w and my blog is almost done thx 2 !!!
Is that stat for USA or worldwide?
BackStage's upcoming 2nd official annual fund campaign. We learned a ton last year. Can't wait to put it into action.
I HATE HER! SHE MAKES A BAD NAME FOR LIBERALS!
RT : Nobody has ever gotten eyestrain from looking on the bright side of things.
We're booking June with only one weekend available in May. Interested in a session? DM us! Our schedule is filling fast!
your welcome :) dont leave me alone in here any more!!
my last first day of school ever. hello to the beginning of the end. i never thought you'd come so soon.
MCA's verse on Professor Booty. That is all.
The honor and pleasure is mine!
Yes, women should be allowed to breastfeed in public w/o issues!
No new episodes, it's that I'm watching it for the first time.
didn't he say his wife was dressed like pee?
would any of my attorney friends like to make a call or send a letter to an automobile warranty company for me?
The Fight life...love it!! Discuss
If businessmen should run schools, then teachers should run banks and investment funds. Deal?
Annuit Coeptis => He (God) has favored our undertakings (part of the great seal of the U.S., back of a U.S one dollar bill)
al day c;
Why did he have that look one his face tho
I don't typically care but hearing anything about or the term "team breezy" makes me want to vomit on myself lately.
Gonna check out Paranormal Activity 3 tonight (So what, I'm late)... I've heard both good and bad reviews, but I'd like to judge for myself.
Jeremy Thorpe~ Greater love hath no man than this that he lay down his friends for his life.
Everytime a HEAT playoff game come on, I gotta go to work :-(
Agreed re Tate. Problem is often how deaccessioning is done not that it is done.
#ExpertVisibilityTip: I believe experts need to know the basics of how to run their biz. A little HTML, a little Photoshop goes a long way.
do you need a ride?
that I love the fuck outta you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>
Wednesday night ballers-- You deserve a drink or 2 at Patrick Js after your double headers. See you there.
Bob, which brands do you recommend for a spin bike? I just returned one today that had terrible/no resistance.
It's official #Seattle We're bringing the party to Grudge Rock at Re-bar on April 5 vs. BrightWhiteLightning. Who will party harder?
wat concert dude
Nice work yesterday...First NFL experience watching a fellow Grizzly! Stay healthy my friend and Merry Christmas!
Are those just flocking stuff? They look perfect for the scale. Inquiring gamers must know how you did them.
Thanks for the MT
: LED for clarity and durability.
damn damn damn damn damn....and bleepin damn...
total given. Heck, The whole thing is my favorite!
Thank you for the advice, it's appreciated.
WolfPackalan's follow list is the answer. Phillips and her team must have made/stolen these for their new comedy site.
I only knew the decision was out because of Kevin! The copy on my webspace is from another colleague.
WHAT A GREAT NIGHT TO BE A KENTUCKY WILDCAT!
Im in a pissed off mood...
Clarke Ching: Don't multi-task-that's an Agile way of working
that's always nice :) lol where ya from?
will try harder next time. Will you pose with a bottle?
Happy to be speaking about social media and digital marketing at today's Funeral Service Business Plan conference in *beautiful* St. Pete B…
I wish her all the best--but I also wouldn't wish her level of fame on anyone I cared about....
Grab a Coffee Cake muffin and a cup of Amber Dragon on the way to work.
You didn't text me boo
I have special powers like that.
Until Friday?
hopes everyone is having a Wonderful Summer!
Sounds like a recipe for a heart attack
Thanks for the memories
LMFAO!! Kevin hart. This black midget bitch!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
How to Belly Dance
Biz Kid$ Real did an AWSOME job at the Public Market Yesterday. We sold 50 Juices!!!!! YAYYYYYYYYY!
BOUT 2 CLEAN UP N PLAY BLACKSTREET
Don't even act like you know her.
In class with Greg <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Anyone wanna go see the avengers ?
u got my Gmail?
Thanks 4 the Follow! We've got some big news to share with you soon, perfect material we think that will be up your musical alley
I hate homework so much its not even funny it's like we do work all FUCKING day! Then we get to go home and fucking do hours of shit!imdone
really..? Well I'm excited and nervous, haha
Gotta get some sleep. I have to wake up at 7 to go to work :(
im tellin u, twitter with out women
I think my echoes broken
Sing boyfriend by Justin bieber (:
No we really do need more... RT : "You know what the world needs? More subpar cop shows"
Has Knowshon Moreno danced around for no yards in Denver for the last time?
RT Thank God for waking me up this morning. It's a blessing to be hear today.
Cool. We are actually in the process of improving both our sharing mechanisms and the Plaza itself - thanks for your input!
i loved the 90's!
RT "Growing old is mandatory; growing up is optional."
. Rebellions against culture of consumption.. or against culture of mass consumption or consumption of mass production?
Um, make that #nwsa2011! I need an editor myself ...
At some point I will be. Just enjoying the summer :)
.: in TEI, schemas can appear (misleadingly) to have a kind of timelessness, rather than place in a processing flow
Sascha Lewis goal: good quality culture can impact people's lives. Positive moments slow time.
Do I drop Bass and Cashner for Pettitte and Stauffer?
Can't go too sleep right now
Hey Happy New Year We are a production Team follow us and send your email we have a track for you.
Happy Birthday FOLLOW THIS GUY
Umm no sir I will not
Thank you for the RT Seven Races!
yet to go there, I like the city though, havnt been there much though, maybe a total of 8 days
haha nice to 'meet' you too!
So have a Happy & safe Easter to you and your families tweeps!
that sounds awesome!
Okay, I'm going to give in.. Because I'm lifeless. And that sounded wrongg.
and I judge them too. it stupid, it's one thing if you have covers on YouTube or something, something to have a fan base (c)
I dont give a fuck im still gonna call him mike stanton
hey, I set up the twitter account. :) how's good ol Hub doing?
: Agreed in principle. The record shows that con's have been anyth but conservative fiscally since 80's. A welcome return.
I haven't read the last one yet. It's on the short list of books to read once my summer starts.
You just motivated a wave of stars whether you knew it or not. So for that, thank you ;)
Awesome, will be on the look out!
Danny Green has 15 points, Tony Parker 11, Tim Duncan 10. The Spurs lead the Blazers 63-41 at halftime. Blazers are shooting 32.0 percent.
Pink hair, don't care <3
YES offensive foul onboston
Book your appointment in Baltimore and New Orleans www.hairgynesis.com for tree braids.
should be getting my iphone in the mail tomorrow! :D
I've been there, right down to it being at a bus stop. Why do strangers' remarks matter so much? We know they shouldn't, but…
A private on every map at the same time lol
Everyone go follow !!!
all that matters is that i got it right u still watchin F 5 stealing movies from the school and shit
i had to stop using nonsticks in my dad's house cos he did the same. now i'm all all-clad type.
If it's bad news, I'll work hard to get back to 100%; if it's good, everything will be okay. Either way, this will make me stronger. <U+E14C><U+E41D>
Laying in bed for hours
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Wow, my twitter updates have NOT been interesting. I'll work on that.
The bagel is legit!!!
I know! RUDE. RT : Um this host just cut off in the RUDEST way. I understand its live TV but Not cool
no, just not in the mood!
Real men find knowledge attractive , not your coochie fallen out your shorts . #HoesWillBeHoes , even at a young age
Thanks dude! I linked to it. That BTS shot blew my mind after seeing it
La la FUCKA
Just cuz you lived a long life don't mean it can't come to a short end Nigga - thugnificent
Westwood and Tiger lighting up PGA National in trying conditions. Fun to watch.
4,000th tweet :) I'm practically "twitter famous" HAHA. I just have a lot to say! This tweet is dedicated to my fav diva, Nana, Miss you RIP
We are serving our FISH FRY today for #AshWednesday and every wed and Fri in
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
I mean I'm kinda like cookies, always getting baked
I've Never been this stressed in my life. I swareee. :'(
I thought the subject was about being gay.
On AGT the girl that was singing with cobra starship was deff. Lip singing they were in jay Leno last night and she sounded horrible.MAGIC.
damn ... I really don't know how this mobby stuff works
not sure I've seen Mickey this pissed off in my life. These calls are a joke for playoff hockey.
Ack! Can't old-style RT within #SeeSaw?
Greetings Stoners. I'm seeking investment partner(s) to expand our apparel and hemp lines. Contact: for more info.
#IBelieveThatWeWillWin Let's go #Aztecs!! NC State is going down!
dying of extreme boredom :(
I'm not sure what you mean :/
My first name (Matt) has two syllables in East Texas.
Your not fully dressed until you put on a smile :). Be blessed today my friends!
whoever added weather underground to EQgoogledoc - i show an edited version of that and was thinking of it when i added that EQ!
Brrrr.....who wants a hot white mocha with whip cream on top to warm them up??? Mention this tweet and get 25% off a medium today<3
Back at you, have a great weekend.....
sounds good to me(;
Hey thanks for the follow, we really enjoy your work!
"The most exciting point...the Maya were making computations hundreds of years -- & in places other than books --" Anthony Aveni said.
#NP Andy Moor & Orkidea - Year Zero (Andy Moor's First Light Remix)
Its hailing and I'm home alone.
i set myself up for failure again
How is your speech for Syracruse U coming? Have you gotten more than 1 sentence yet?
If you could ask the President of CBS or Viacom one question. What would it be?
Thank you so much for the love and support! The kids did amazing on the stage and brought home some great awards! xoxoxo
We've followed and admired your work from afar. As a former LA resident, they are lucky to have your talents. Cheers!
Not goin to school till second block...
Never speak ill of mother nature when she's like this! You're going to get hailed on when you least suspect it now...
R is the new skinny jeans. SPSS are definitely jeans that your dad would wear
sounds like my kinda night -_-
On my way now
Said by my 4-yr-old after I bought him 3 hermit crabs: "I love them so much. I will put them on my nipple."
It's because his swag was too much for them to handle
no problem. Love your work.
left class super early cause i was still drunk.
Why do I not think that this idea is that revolutionary? It is interesting...but seems like a solution for the 1990s.
short hang is better than no hang. Great seeing you at #sxsw!
I want to go to sleep but I can't. -__- when I need to!! History test :-/
it is i think...
thanks for the good luck tweet!
Well Kim's apparently marrying Kanye now, right? Talk about visibility. Where's the divide between TV and real life?
Did I just call someone a sophist? If so, I *clearly* need to get some more Advil and go to bed. Maybe water, too.
Why are people so surised about the hologram Tupac ? Doesn't everyone have one?
oh damn....I was sayin I don't hv a DM as in from u o_O
awh I wish I was closer I could teach you!
Find the snowboard rails at Mt. Hood's Timberline Lodge--built by WPA and a national treasure. Beautiful!
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3
any time and thanks :)
Excited to celebrate 20 years of positive social change! Thank you for your support. #anniversary #kelleychunn&associates
damn. I'd be your room mate, but I'm not looking to move that soon.
thank you:)
I WANT CAKE TO! and text me when you got your number.. hope you liked the card :') <3
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! My favorite holiday and the only one left focused on getting together with family and friends and giving thanks.
always get me right preciate it homie <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Q5 Why should a student even consider becoming an entrepeneur? (Is this a distraction from studies?)
Well hello there twitter peeps (:
soaking up the sun for one more week, then off to cold England!
Used 4 the 1st time this week. Easy to use & my presentation looked awesome!! Loved that it's online and available on the ipad
lol dont be late, its only a 5k. I will done in 15min.....ah ok 20. :) beers when done?
By any means necessary
what u up too
Also notice that I've crept over the 200 follower mark. To those of you who aren't spambots, thanks for listening to what I have to say.
Now Playing: Payphone - & It's slowly growing on me!
First day of Engage Today over... standout speakers were Steven Covey and Sean Stephenson. Now for a Bryan Adams concert... got floor seats!
i sent what he sent me to your facebook inbox
Crazy week for Legend, which first had to beat T-Ridge in that 2-day game, and now clinches a share of league title on walk-off HR.
why is what ?
Becoming a good listener means being bored a lot.
feel better. :/
Oddly enough,both sets of blogs are hilarious..but for totally different reasons..haha..
I can't believe she's dead tho. She should have stayed away from drugs and those pills she was taken or whatever.
Yuni B came into today batting .345.
Oh wow! That sounds like fun! I hope you have a great time. :D I'm just hanging out at home..I think we might be going to...
#FF Runs the Best Fan Page Around
There isn't any offshore anymore; it's all onshore ~ Walter Wriston
Getting ready for the carnival!
you would be driving one expensive Bugatti chalkboard!
What's the timeline looking like?
And yes! We must go to see any Macabre show within 6 hours distance! Its an unwritten law...
The beauty of breath awareness is that with all of its transformative powers, the price of admission is minimal.
Thanks for the purchase , I think there have only been 2 requests for LGW... ///
I seriously can't get a minute to myself!!! Ugh!!! Everything& everybody wants to visit and talk when I want to be alone!
Life is truly amazing :)
Please follow because he is the only reason i am here #RayTo4K begins today. Listen to what I say, or you'll pay....
Kids next door have been playing outside most of the day. Not glued to a glowing screen in a dark room.
MT : “Kentucky breakfast”: a meal that includes or consists of liquor; usually bourbon [esp KY]
lol hold on Dang
these morons on NBCS wouldn't shut up about a major penalty. it was barely worth 2 but I'll take the goal. shaddup!!
Stress needs to go away.
IDGAF what they say, the line up for rtb is awesome. Idk, if its mainstream or not.
yeah. Gotta sit and research 1 say. I was helping my cousin with her site on godaddy. Confusing site to me for some reason. Lol
I just left. :(
Our rights come to us from our creator - Rick Santourm To which, my friend replies, "My rights come from PBR and a broken rubber? Lame"
#4-Ray Lewis-MLB-Baltimore Ravens
I'm hosting a beer and grilled cheese paring party for myself.
Yes! The man is definitely looking snappy this season, a slight deviation from just solidly dapper.
okay Peter
The whole John Edwards thing is a mess, I don't think it will turn out well.
Shhhhhhh :) RT : Is Owain Yeoman (The Mentalist) twin brother??!
presenting Leveraging Technology Today to Drive Your Business Tomorrow #pbc12. Session in Lyceum/Carnagie in 10 minutes!
I hate how self tanner looks on me the first day but it looks good as it fades
Overheard another sad story of a 30 something man and a 22 year-old girl. He is of course, not surprised.
you all looked great on stage and sounded amazing!
4 days without tv or internet!!! Fix it time warner cable....you are seriously the worst!!
Sena is right I probably should just delete that bitches number LMAO
thanks for all of your great business insights at the#m3philly meetup w/ - u were great!!
Good Morning! :)
I walked outside in my flip flops to get the mail. I believe that 45 degrees in January in Cleveland merits the use of flip flops.
Working on one of the busiest nights of the year.
#PiersMorgan is the type of snitty Englishman we Americans love to hate: dour-faced, patronizing, condescending & asks inappropriate ?s
very sassy!!! Gee's ... Gotta have it!!!
Dear guys, when a girl says "I'm cold" you are not supposed to say "me too".
It's been like a week since Austin's had Olive Garden this is so weird.
yeah you do not even want to see the other kid haha kidding he fell into the table down the house last night
I need a mood change. Tell me: have anything good to share?
Just saw #21jumpstreet and it has to be the best movie ever hands down! Loved it
Be courageous, let your heart be strong. Psalm 27:14
[Joshua24:15] FatherGod has given us a free-will, thus, we have freedom of choice to select our thoughts+words+deeds. Let's choose wisely!
Punch #21 for
yupp jst gotta get the results of my report card first!
Irish whiskey is just a brother from another mother..cut my teeth on Bushmills before moving on to appreciating Scotch
reaganonomics..bush trickle down economy and new world order and blah jr's strategerie happened to us...
fuck this bitch
I told you. You need to take me out to dinner first.
Find your jacket I hope?
2 more bottles of dogfish head 120
Listening to tonight's bands as we drive to #Coachella, liking Dawes and Madness
It's here! My interview w/ in the Coke Lounge! They also perform Superbass, Party Rock Anthem and Look At Me...
please follow me!!! :)
"One?" Is that how many games they figure OKC wins? Cause I got them with 2 this round.
Yep. Florida rocks! Not many of us natives though.
2 clothing allowances a year and I don't even buy uniforms. Ha
ugh me either -_-
Minds only work when open.
Do they have zoos in Africa ? Or is it just called "My backyard" ?
How you go from being faithful to lying all the time ?
please follow me <U+2665> !
The awkward moment when ur mom forgets to take u home frm skool
"prove all things"
I've heard this before. RT alright Mister I'm ready for your little game today....so bring it!
lol oh yeah.. I forgot why.. You was probably talkin shit haha
the joint from last game.
congrats on your new client day. I hope it's great for you both.
You're all still juniors, sophomores, and freshman
if you hit the salary cap in less than 12 players u can only sign d-league players
You know its a good day when a little Michael Jackson comes on your pandora
I want some hot wings but I know I'm only gonna be able to eat about 2 of them.
Cooking demo on Wednesday at The Clifton Inn, and its FREE !!!!
Hi Katy! Guess who emptied out his coat pockets today and found stuff going back to Dragon*Con?
I think he should have gotten more for the tantrum, Bad call no doubt but can't lose your mind like that.
A true classic. "Stars of Leo" gets me pumped as well.
June 5th, noon to 6pm, #WestAllisALaCarte. Your next chance to try my famous Grandma Betty's meatballs! Only 50 sandwiches available!
When women ask you a question... Is honesty really the best policy???
After reading "preface to a twenty volume suicide note" I whispered, "That was just amazing."
People are coming over grandma-mas to play with me, yippy!!!!!!
: Classes start May 1st!!! Don't wait too long for a better career change.
asks us how we reconcile our visualizations with user/audience generated discussion and development ...
I announced "Johnson in the hole" multiple times today, yet it was completely appropriate at a track meet.
When shopping for #foundation, be sure to take into consideration the type of skin you have.
hi. (: im 14. it says it on my about me section.. lol
wow your a great singer:)
Enjoyed "Shoot To Thrill" by AC/DC on Pandora
"You can take away my toys but you can't take away my imagination!"
I encourage you to go public.
Goodmorning! We really like your show! Keep talking fast. Keep teaching. Lots of uninformed ppl out in TV land.
I had so much fun on the tour event with visited the univ archive, biomed special collections archive, and YRL special collections!
1. thanks for the follow 2. Love anyone who uses the word pow! :) Happy Weekend!!
Having some "wok toc too wee" with Yumm
Okay so when are we gonna hear the full version of that song "It Feels Like" ? I love it already
Just think of it as an open source photo album which everyone can look at but can show you how you've grown.
You are not in this world to live up to other people’s expectations, nor should you feel the world must live up to yours
add sleeping on to that and I'm down.
Cannot wait to get off work and submit my form to possibly be one of 's models for his new women's clothing line!
Katie Price: I'm like an ugly fat woman in bed. Jordan is happy to call herself an animal when it comes to her sex life. tells The Guardian.
Congratulations, Katrina!
this weekend my 4 yr old performs :-) so proud of her and how far she has come. all she does is tiptoe and hop. so cute.
Me: Can I play some music while we cook? Mom: Yes, but nothing tragic.
this century is such a quality band .
And you do know that
Come see me perform @ the shrine tonite at 11p. FREE CONCERT!
Trying to kick a bad habbit (rather a relationship that's a bad fit). They say takes at least 3 days to stop craving. Today is day one. :o(
RT TV tweeps invited? << Sure! Got a good response from journos so far for #passesandpols. Pols? Who's in?
Breaks our hearts that Mitch's dogs have found a new home -- Susie moves up to her OWN RESTAURANT end of June -- dogs unlikely to be $1.50!
the thing I miss the most from the Bay area is... Hyphy
that is AWESOME!!!!! Good Luck.
ugh, runnin 5 miles in the darkness of wash park and then eating around 3 lbs of pasta and cookies is not the way to train
Wow! What a crazy first day of shooting! We shot Eight scenes in 12 hours. Good night!
Seriously, stop fucking staring at me. GET ME OFF THIS DAMN BUS.
Twitter won't let me follow people anymore , #wtf >:/
Thanks! I'm gonna try it tomorrow! Definitely sounds like a challenge!
20 days of school left until summer break!! But, who's counting?!?
RT:: Facebook has become the online version of 16 & Pregnant starring half the girls from my high school.
is getting Lost.
10x10? we follow back and we donate 5 cents to the American Cancer Society!!
Where's the follow back love people????? tisk tisk
Working hard at three mile island I'm on my. nuclear grind
Girl I was locked OUT the F'N House!!!
I would use a Nex if I had one, its very versatile.
There is no half singing in the shower, you're either a rock star or an opera singer ~ Joseph Groban
RT Callahan_Creek Which commercials will win the Super Bowl? Compare your list to Tug's-he'll be on Fox 4 Monday morning
Is really trying to run for mayor of some place?
Saw my 2 bestiess<3 really tired! Going to bed! Good night twitter buddies :)
Miami Or Vegas
think about my ex and i tear up :l whats wrong with me?
Yay! Amazingly, SVU still rocks, new cast members are doing well with wonderful existing cast.
Abeg this California King bed too big o... lets switch to NY prince bed maybe it will be better jare....
When people say screamo isn't music...
Glad to help ! It's a great cause are advocating for!
aww. Let's hang out.
Thoughts on QR codes? Use them? Like them? Know what they are?
Back to Narnia: can we all agree that MAGICIAN'S NEPHEW is the only really great one?
#NationalCandyMonth! Celebrate w/
Loved seeing today at our beach shoot!
Thanks to & for follwing us.
Talk about mixed signals this chick throws. Im getting married, let's makeout, Im naked... repeat.
Truth. RT : Eventually we'll all just have one app on our phones that electrocutes you when you stop looking at it.
That's wheaton for ya lol.
85% if college students don't know the interest rate on their credit card
Responded to VACATE @ 64 St James Place, Brooklyn, NY 11238 and helped 4 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
RT U Niggaz think U turnt Up.. In Reality No One Knows U.....
No girl should ever forget that she doesn't need someone who doesn't need her.
damn you
There's no power like brain power ,baby with that kind of fuel we can take over this world together
thanks! You can email us at
If control no longer possible, what is a designer's main role?
Still sick and staying home!
Got that earlier this month. Good article! #chitownlove #bulls RT : Just got that GQ with DRose on the cover. Boom!
RT if u think that is perfect!! I'll follow u if u do!!
Why am I not surprised that only the pictures I hung up have fallen off the wall, whereas all the ones my Dad did are fine... Hm
Ima Stay Single Until the Party !
Everything has its beauty but not everyone sees it. - Confucius
Volume 1 of Leo Brouwer guitar music performed by Ricardo Cobo. Revelatory, but sometimes I think Cobo's tempi are too darn fast.
*passes out* that is the most I have ever danced ! o_o I need OXYGEN and a FRAPPEEEE!
I'm still waiting for to follow me....or, even notice me...love you austin, just wish you would know who I am... v.v
I am in the process of tying not to eat much since it is swim-suit season soon-UGH! Gave up breakfast-eating 1 1/2 meals a day now
I like that. their tweets are neutral whereas your tweets are from a heat fan point-of-view
The way you make me feel is like no other
Education minister wants regular school board reviews
Bring Fifa12 when you come!
Order online, or stop in and get your books for the summer!
My favorite thing ever in life is when people don't use blinkers.
"Why are you down on my level, Mama?!?!?!"
Kathy Bates is the shizz! She woulda been better than Joyce DeWitt!
#ItemsSoldAtAHoodAuction food stamps.
Neva Ignorant Gettin Goals Accomplished...N.I.G.G.A
im going to start coming on this account more oftenn
Hooray! Can't wait to pick my copy up.
I have weak spots...
only been there once, didn't even see that wall art!
i like your smile !
my favorite celeb stars in #SuperBowl ad-Volkswagen turning to #thedarkside (via)
Please don't let this one go into OT
“: I wish I could talk to every hater face to face and change there a opinion of me one conversation at a time.”
WTEN: Eagles have earned automatic berth to Championships in each of last three years. Will go for four later this afternoon.
too long! lol
Time for some #coleworld while I'm in the library
God is in charge of the universe....not Harold Camping. God is merciful, and while we all remain alive on this earth, then NOW is the time..
We are on ave for the First Thursday benefiting foster children... Come on out!!!
“: “: I shall be there Friday night for some late show at 10!” sweet!”
RT : Why do people always wanna be someone that they're not
thank you, dvr, for remembering to record Southland. totally forgot the season premiere was last night!
keep u in mind Brotha workin on my album for the Summer!
#wildwesley has begun
Smelling the carpet
Sick of spending $$ on your #car? Let us help on your insurance through the internet.
tru. Be back in a few
#TriviaTuesday warm up! Celebrities acting naughty edition. Who was arrested in 2001 for shoplifting from the Saks Fifth Avenue?
Only iPhone users can see what my last tweet is ;D
awww were braces bf & gf now (: Lol xD and im kidding about the last part...unless u wanna be ? xDDDDD watz wrong with me?
your phone change is confusing my imessage. It still thinks it can imessage you, so it takes 5 years for it to send a text D:
thanks for helping us all be hot moms!
i need hugs! D:
Expect Anything From Anyone; The Devil Was Once An Angel.
you in bmore?
Cameras ready prepare to flash
I wonder how often Spanish voice actors hear the question "Can you sound a little bit more like Antonio Banderas?"
By calculating cost per diaper, you may find mega-jumbo packs arent always the best bargain, & one store's sale price is better than another
somebody pooped in the hallway at school today. #whodoesthat?
#Thanks everyone! I've now have over 0.028K followers!!
omg Joanna this tweet just made me so happy. Kopke is not cool with me!
I'm really digging the We Are Hunted app for Spotify.
Starting my M.A. in Public Relations at Ball State University!
so many stories mrs!!! X
Instructor says: On Monday morning, a second grader at PS 59k told me: "I like Mondays because we get to come play chess with you."
Trust ? What is that?
Singing Happy BIRTHDAY 2 me..Happy Birthday 2 ME
I also did 20 minutes on the high stairmaster after the workout!! I can't wait until next week..training 5 days a week!!
My day would be awesome if would follow me.... it would be awesome!!!!!
I'm so thankful for my friends who never let me give up on myself.
how many R's are there? Don't think I'm weird:P lol
yes I sent the rest of it
Cos that's what niggas do !
you are truly a wonderful mother
most logical rational sports writer out there, He gets it! I wonder if a hater gets more hits or gregg doyel, i bet the hater
I had a major break through on the business blog with SEO. I was able to get ranked #1 out of 1,520,000 in 4 minutes!!!
"It takes 17 muscles to smile, but only one to be a dick."
In relation to my last post, theres a simple solution... TALK TO YOUR CUSTOMERS!... youll be surprised how much easier things can be!
I wish I could quit.
I've never loved you more.
oh ya, me too (especially that song). Def meant that tweet as a real question :) Scotty boy!!!
Dreary morning in NW Ohio.
stereotype use interest...like how Dedrick don't date black, dates Penelope...her reckless actions to "show them" is like sista
get that podcast up. I missed the Rider interview!
My heart goes out to Mariano Rivera, one of the classiest athletes on and off the field.
For some reason I'm obsessed with the song "Why Can't We Be Friends"
still waiting on my first issue of to arrive... twittering my fingers...
I listen to you two on my run...you're awesome! Thanks for giving me miles of entertainment.
aw. ya never fail me. thanks...you should get out your glitter too!
I'm here if you ever need!! Goodluck with your internship <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> lunch next week!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>xoxo
Oh come on, #Lakers, you're letting it slip away.
good thing only the first 6 innings count
44 degrees and mostly cloudy... Sounds like a good day to cuddle on the couch with a glass of wine and a good movie.
I TWEETED. You happy?!
Thank u 4 the follow and support
its twitter so i can post some sad shit, then a minute later post some shit like yolo. so tough titties !
I NEED TO BE ON THE PRICE IS RIGHT. Need. Need need need.
hey kel, turn off your location for twitter, it shows a map of exactly where u are
forgive me, its my early day and there has been a lack of coffee so far.
Just a little something for you to think about this evening.
for real: we need to get onto our next concert. ideas?
. #space and roller coasters. No way one can go wrong with that combo ;)
good night...take care & god bless and sleep well. Dream BIG may tomorrow be a better day. And many blessings come ur way.
Almost time for some good sleep
i'd better get famous in india because i really don't want to go back to school
Come in for some Ginger Ice Cream! Not your thing then stop in for some Birthday Cake Ice Cream! We are open till 10pm
who do I contact for customer support....my account has dissapeared!!!
You can never have enough of what you don't need.
If 2005 Guto could see me right now he'd kick the shit out of me...shopping for furniture, writing stuff in a daily planner. Fuck.
would y'all simmer down? Trying to pass my finals over here...
I follow both of you if you guys follow back?
Wait .. I just realized pretty little liars isnt on tmrw ... *DEAD* .. OHH WAITT SECRET LIFE COMES OUT!! *comes back to life*
m2teach reading UPRISING "How to build a brand - & change the world by sparking cultural movements, see USA Tech Biz Woman winning
And a special thx u for following to...........
#TGIF was the BOMB! Urkel was my MAN & I had a huge crush on Uncle Jesse. Why doesn't someone do a #FullHouse #spinoff?
I love watching the show Universe on History channel while working.
Celebrating 25 years empowering information professionals with skills & tools for text and image management: Legal Information Management.
i wanna make millions so i can visit every shitty boss i had & drop a deuce on their desk & wipe my ass with benjamins
": Achondroplasiaphobia is the fear of little people." I've got this!
Yep. We have a chapter on that.
we never had sex! It was all a joke. But if you don't believe me then so be it. It's over.
And ONE!
I'm curious to know what thinks about the first grader getting suspended for singing I'm sexy and I know it
If you can't make her laugh you can't make her yours unless you got hella money, but then you gotta
can i get a hello from my favorite disney star?
so I heard you left me....ihy forever
entering cuba new mexico
Hm...my old, and slightly beat up (ok- very beat up) phone is receiving emails faster than my new Macbook Pro. Must be coffee break time
what time of day will Anthony's fight be?
Hipster porn is like pics of fixed gear bikes?!
Want shoutouts? Just ask :)
i wouldn't be seen in RED!!
lol, its all good, how you been tho
u too my friend :)
Trying to discover more music..preferrably Hip hop or something good to dance to!!
I do. There's something endearing about him. He's the anti-LeBron.
Yes, gorgeous dress. By the way, your website is Ah-mazing and I LOVED your Top 10 Met Gala trends. Lovely.
i dont care what anyone says, these 13 hr days are worth it when you have goals in life
Much love!
Beat THE Heat BuckS
follow me?<35
Officially done with this semester!
"Wow, I'm really glad that had capers in it." <-- Something you will never hear me say.
There's a sub in my class who has yet to remove her gloves. And one of my students has a tick in his ear. It's a good day.
“: Shotgunning bourbon... Dear God” that cant be good, or it's amazing. Ha
Amazing job in the debate. You officially got my vote today. :)
Typing fast and making typos my bad lol
Is tomorrow your day to get a free hair cut? Friday March 18th Faren is giving you a free hair cut with any color service! Mention Twitter!!
sounds awesome :)
Stuck behind yet another massive online order at chipotle
Hey , what's the point of calling ahead 20 minutes before I pick up a pizza only to make me wait another 15 minutes?
your Twitter handle is bringing back many fond memories of throwing away hard-earned quarters on pointless pursuits.
Nissan? Yuck! Audi would have to be the R8. Acura tsx was my #1 but hate premium fuel. Sucks filling up the Porsche
I thought so. Soon, I may be the smartest man alive!
You're just like poison, And I just don't get it How could something so deadly feel so right?
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Holy Google+ Hangout Features Dalai Lama, Archbishop Tutu
thank you!!!!
Even I know my limits. However, I enjoyed the fact that I didn't have to eat around ham. Soup should not be an obstacle course!
Full off of a avocado, an apple & peanut butter. would be proud!
Appreciate the tweet, means a lot. Thanks.
I'm always willing to change course. Plans are great, but they shouldn't be set in stone.
RIP Dick Harter
No jacket, sunny day, yeah spring seems to be here.
thanks! We love being the cookie of the south! Come back for a visit and a taste!
I think I like NoHo, Burbank, Van Nuys, Glendale, etc. The Valley, I believe its called!
Gotta love night time music
New THE ranking to select future Harvards and Cambridges - University World News:...
thanks and happy mothers day
When you feel like everyone hates you. Erdayy'.
RALLY/MARCH to Defend Medical Marijuana Tuesday October 18th from Noon-2pm From Civic Center 1200 Third Ave to Federal Bldg 880 Front St SD!
"Use capital letters. It's the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse, and helping your Uncle jack off a horse"
you won't regret it.
Just signed up for Instagram... How did they get me to do this lol...
Regular checkups (ideally every 6 months) will help keep teeth clean, healthy & will prevent more painful or serious issues from occurring.
I would prefer to just pay cash for my one prescription because I want as little to do with my insurance company as possible. Single payer
Best of luck to my hubby Tom Brady today
congrats my nigga
Hi Joey! How's it going?
At CTIA. FCC chairman in keynote: he uses starwalk iPhone app; working to bring 4g to U.S.
Thanks right back at ya :) My week has been amazing and yours? And hey thanks... it's a work in progress
RT : Watching vintage 80s Madonna videos on Fuse while crunching data; video tutorials completed. I love 80s Madonna.
Report: Obama And Sarkozy Caught Bashing Netanyahu On Hot Mic via
battle but no worries
Does anyone have an atv or jeep? I wanna go off-roading/mudding so bad!
How can we be praying for you this week? DM, @ reply, or email and we'll join you in prayer.
This dude is except from his math final because he passed his TAKS this year. His motherfucker is asleep everyday, doesn't do shit, failing
Pumped to be going to the mets opener today with friends and family, my 22nd home opener. today, we are still undefeated!
when people retweet me I feel all special. (:
#goosebumps watching jack and arnie tee off. So amped for the
lmfao. It's in their blood. :P OH. AND HAVE FUN TOMORROW!!! ;) Hope they get the letter. <U+2665>
RT : TechStars Network member begins accepting applications today! Pre-qualify for Spring 2012...
RT I think you mean that a third of the millionaires in china are women
Doing sushi for dinner
It's sad that some of y'all out here tweetin for RT's
just make sure you don't cross the streams. Crossing the streams is bad.
Granting some sources confidentiality, sure, but a spokesperson for a municipal agency?! cc:
Don't be a #funhater, douchebag. :p
im bout to cry
The #HistoryMobile is set up and ready for visitors at the Chesterfield Public Library!
hope so.
Getting ready to see in the season finale of
I hope it don't take a deal just to here from my real friends .
Scoreless inning for the Tribe. Sox lead 3-0 headed into the second with Alexei Ramirez at the plate to lead off the second inning
There is more potent offense at a women's lingerie football game than there is at this garbage
ha! Oh well. I probably wouldn't get hired.
I don't think Bedouins would be down with cross gender tenting
Which brand do you predict will have the most creative #BlackFriday ad or promotion?
"Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions." Harold S. Geneen
Big show tonight in NYC at Mercury Lounge! 7:30pm w/Cooper. Come on out!
Watching & (corr. sp.) on espn2 (all of us are Crosby HS alums)
Niggas wit thick ass stripper bootys make my camel toe dry...
Will do. And tell your Mom Happy Mothers too for me. Then tell Cassie to shuda up.
that's what she said
Speaking of eating and getting fat, did you know Zachary Taylor the Prez ate so many cherries & milk he got severe diarrhea & died?
I don't think so
We secretly snuck into Radio City Music Hall and disabled the compressors powering Chris Berman and Mel Kuiper Jr. Let's see if they notice!
what's up
I have accepted the role as the 6th man.
RIP Maurice Sendak
Just got a new juicer...can't wait to make a green drink!
Just walked 2 miles. Feeling so pumped and energized!
I'm reading your blog! I've been thinking about Winter Break at the NMNH, so it's nice to read about your experiences.
Positive vibes :)
nothin much, working on lts of stuff over here! hbu??
ahh you need to show me the run around here! Tally is nothing like Miami lmao
follow me<3
A happy snoring dog makes me smile
Hey, I just met you, & this is crazy. But here's my number, So call me, maybe?
missed out meeting KR but hope the guy is enjoying the visit
this is why we can't have nice things!
I Like To Take It One Day At A Time..
RT : maybe we have to start encoding the word 'ebook' ... >Hope experts like you find a solution fast!
Going to be a long day. All I can think about is this weekends breeding session.
I'm so in the mood to listen to a whiney biatch... Too bad Rosie got cancelled... Oh wait... #ChelseaLately is on... Whine on biatch!!
Get ready to shake that ass! is coming to Seattle August 10th.
Hollywood Beach?
That's the day my mom's getting married lolololol FMLFMLFMLFMLFML
Sometimes that's all you need to do! RT I haven't invented anything, I just execute!
": When boys can make you smile, just by them looking at you."
new phone no pic or nunthing dam
Follow for updates on intramural sports, fitness classes, facility information, wellness tips, and much more!
Yes, felt #earthquake in downtown Buffalo NY...
SPACE: Libraries are the intellectual commons where users interact with ideas in both physical and virtual environments...
My birthday was full of fun and laughter...and of course tons of bad food (but how can it be bad if it tastes so good!)
We Cry by The Script is AMAZING. I just love good music.
Mom, you should not be out pigging out on chicken fingers and bread pudding!! You should be HOME with US! Feeding us treats!!!
i want breakfast served to me in bed ^___<3
hey can you please talk about it's my new fave guilty pleasure and should be yours too!!
8 more friends and we hit 1,000 Fb friends!!! Can we do it before the end of the week?
You possess the gift of music, a talent of extreme value. Give it and share it with others!
sounds like a great project! I just finished two little commissions this PM.I would love to see your finished pieces!
"It's nice to finally put a face with the reputation." - to
Oh, They're hiring ?
Sarah is there !!!
I'm willing to give him a chance but patience is wearing thin with his media crap. He's gotta draw the line at some point.
Basketball time! Love this game
And I unknowingly had 20 dollars in that account. BIG SPENDER OVA HERE
And Who Are you To Judge?
Draw Something is so addictive. Somebody stop me!
Still using that flip phone? Trade ur phone n, upgrade 2a smart phone 2 get $100 gift card from verizon...u can only get this frm me!
Ha ha ha! To me too. :D
Victor cruz jan 17th... www.dreamteampromos.com... You don't wanna miss this!
Bahahahha suzzy I love that video!
Tomorrow group class 9am!!!!!
I'll take him or Blackmon, but if they draft Tannehill I won't root for them this season
@ Cameron I miss you:)
gonna cry. :(
Please follow me i love you so much
Got no pussy this week :(
Hi. How are you?
RT I watch birds sometimes and wonder, "If I could fly, whose car would I crap on?" /via
Success is to be measured not by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which U have overcome while trying to succeed
Can I buy a boyfriend in Ebay? :D xD
If you buy a tee ill throw in a free tee/lanyard/stickers man and 10% off your order! So let me know!!
oh I just saw this! I'm going to miss you so much girlie!!! We've had so much fun this year! You better visit!!!! <3
Yum, cherry tarts sounds so good right now.
thank you for the shoutout - really appreciated it :)
Thank you again for helping us with our PRESENTATION!!! YOU DID A GREAT JOB!! SUCH A BEAUTIFUL GIFT YOU HAVE
glad we could help..what'd you have?
After a raining day, we would love some donations of socks! Its very important to have dry socks on when occupying!
RT : 1 Month to Kick Racism Out of Soccer Event, show your support for One Game, One Community Trophy June 2nd
"Hey Lebron! How's my Dirk taste!"
At the half Wisconsin leads Vandy 32-31, looking for a spot in the Sweet Sixteen
its my day off.. woke up early.. couldnt go back to sleep.. and now Im bored.. and have nothing to do.. guess I might as well start cleaning
My friend from Alabama had an interesting comparison for Upshaw. James Harrison....I agree.
I just hate how I take my piercing for 10 minutes,and the bitch closes. >:/
told me im perffffff <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
ere is only one happiness in life: to love and be loved. ~ by George Sand ~
what's up hey I want to do ustream?
Yes, the Smithsonian's is live tweeting a panda's artificial insemination
Thanks for the follow!
Tomorrow: is playing at the American Legion Hall in Rochester. $10 doors at 5:30. who's coming out?
Maybe just a poor mama thing. Mine: "If someone beats on you beat back HARD. They may still win, but it'll cost 'em."
Good deal for ! RT : DMV teachers, tweet us your school, grade, & subject u teach 4 a FREE McCafe this week!
I'm making those coconut protein pancakes right now...they smell so good! See you tonight!
Enjoyed my 1st time back @ ZUMBA with since surgery and it was awesome. Thanks for the love & workout
At UW, be aware that ur in the minority when staying in saturday night to study. But seriously, I am the only white person in this library.
great stuff..who published your workbook? My new book is out and I'm trying to write the workbook. it's on angry men.
or a Physician Assistant
i can love you better than she can ;)
When in doubt, call Alliance for Justice.
Yes that is a classic!
I always let my friends remind me how cool the commercial was and then grab me to the theater
Fucking wire sticking out of my braces is giving me so much pain. Love tasting blood all day.
work. sleep. REPEAT.
as long as the tv is free!!
You sure do know how to pull the right strings.
Making a truffle today with #bluecoat gin and #StGermain. This should be tasty!
see y'all tonight!
wish i had a picture of me and my son lala. but he put me in a home and took my money
Up textin the bay N watchin fresh prince.
lmaoooo mhm I am the <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> but other ppl they just <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>! Lol
Today is going to be a positive day. Speak it and believe it! Let God be the guide and you just go for the ride.
just knowing 2 things one chris knows my first name and two hes getting better i can go to sleep happy now
I need a more fulfilling career. HELP.
They wish they had ur richrs, girlfriend!
Am I the only one that eats Ritx crackers with marshmallow melt? :) Mhhhm
HEY TAX PROS! Pre-register now and save $129 at the IRS Nationwide Tax Forums. For a limited time only. Visit www.irstaxforum.com
Grand Prize Winner:
Because there's nothin better than church<33
Hello from Milwaukee! Thanks for the rt!!
how do you get your phone to do that<3
Ah!!! We were just on West Coast Custom!!! From the CBB!! How cool!!! National TV! Totally unexpected!! Thanks for the pics guys!!!
its shitty how you are telling other teams that you wanna play for other teams when your still in portland. im a die heart rip-
One month away from Balloon Fiesta. Are you making plans to visit? Come see us before taking Park and Ride back home!
#BBW #Tami girl...you need a lot more sessions...
We had a great time at #ACRL! Help us celebrate another successful conference by taking 10% off your next order-just use coupon code ACRL11.
Good morning!
The echoes of our mistakes may impede us listening the music behind the facts...
a true friend will....shut the fuck up
cant wait til your Rangers and my Flyers meet lol.
Check me out today on from 12-3pm PT. , inside the mind of Artest and another former Tiger swing coach takes a shot
I've got a 6:15 softball game that I've got to get to, either set me up as a follower & I'll email directly or stay tuned.
Such a good night :)
we gotcha on the next one. Fo Sho !
The new/very old hymn is now available for your viewing and listening pleasure on fb or ahymnaweek.com
Lolyah cause Justin Bieber would want to hook up with you.
Just joined ! Proud to now be a member of 3 entertainment unions!
in DC prom=prof. association dinner, olympics=trivia night
Head on down to the cow for a nice hot cup of Irish Coffee and some live music! Giddy Up!
Why You Always say you miss me, but never do anything about it?.
So, we're heading to #chicago... Is it a museum or let's take a boat tour and sightsee kinda day in #chicago today?
I have acomplished nothing today.
RT So right “: Yo, Roger Goodell. Our stadium is fine. 71 degrees at kickoff. Play the big game outdoors.#nfl”
#madmen premiere
Please follow my account !!! I'am a huge fan!
“: i still need to go watch the #Avengers =/ i've been slacking it....” me too :(
Next month we will be at the festival - are you going?!?
Follow your passion. Do what you love.
just woke up you?
Name 1 Battle Rap Artist Who Haz or Can Release Timeless Music..... I'll Wait...
Shout out to everybody wearing the brand
she's not pocket .. she's just a baby .. *alejandroo
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 37
I don't think so. Make sure no one has a credit card on file.
#everytwittertimeline has those tweets you retweet every time.
it will be up this evening
Morning! Twitter twitted out :(
cause its fucking heated!!!! Shit Yeah!!!!
It is perfectly acceptable for a man to wear nicely manicured acrylics, on one hand, in Nashville. Doesn't even raise an eyebrow ring.
Thinking about moving to Florida good night
I wish I could be outside enjoying this pretty weather!!! <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BA>
Pudgilesque. gotcha. We should all go to Searsucker (cq) for a drink...
Tornado spotted near Belmont. Strong ~45-60mph winds near Welborn\White Springs. Eerily calm here though. ^~^
Just watched #TRON and it wasn't bad. makes the movie.
RT Baker said the #Reds tried to sign Kerry Wood in the offsseason. "But he loves Chicago, and Chicago loves him."
#icanttakeyouseriously if u have a
My minds telling me no
If anyone has any leads on 2 weekend 1 #Coachella tickets please let me know!
Each experience u encounter is a stepping stone 2 where u r meant 2go in life Dont sit idly by as life escapes u
I just looked at the #7dayforecast and what's this T-Storm they keep talking about?? It's here till Tuesday??
Hero Mayor Recounts Feat Newark Mayor Cory Booker ran into a burning home to save a trapped neighbor, and he emerged with minor burns, a
How about those #Bucks last night taking down the #heat!
I'm 21 in 48 minutes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Great to meet you at the Fancy Food Show!
A scarier thought is: How long have they been doing this for, without us knowing?
Yes I agree with that statement!
The hole between two seatbelts...where pacifiers go to die! Lol
Us Mahomies call Mama cause' we're one big family <3
Monologue show 2nite! Funny How Things Work Out. I'm performing two pieces, one of which, I wrote. Eclecticcompanytheatre.org Pay what u can
#GhettoHurricaneNames Hurricane Antoine.. HIDE YA KIDS HIDE YA WIFE HIDE YA HUSBAND, CAUSE ITS STORMING EVERYWHERE OUT THERE. --
Small minds are much distressed by little things. Great minds see them all but are not upset by them.
is so glad he took instead of driving this past weekend. Met interesting ppl from China and Rwanda and showed the Rwandan around PB.
#RightOn - He was a non factor when sh*t got real fam!
Go Kat <3 I can't wait to see your submission!
their are stories going around that their will be a sequel to my week with marilyn but it's a wild story i think.
Thanks doll! I do feel better today. :)
Everybody's RT Anybody else instagram broke?
looks like a fun time! See you tomorrow
Can't wait to get out of here
"I can't believe I just pulled an eyelash off of your eyeball"
Looking forward to today's photo shoot at Bernardo Winery with our Chefs Hall of Fame Bakers Dozen. Look for the spread in the Nov issue!
#truth RT : #Bears fans need to temper expectations. Bad OL, very tough division. 10 wins may not equal playoffs
I feel u
you are so unbelievebly hot;) rt if you agree whith me
but that's the next question, eh?
Thomas Secker~ If you would not step into the harlots house do not go by the harlots door.
I go to McDonalds and my girlfriend orders a Happy Meal. Oh lord.. xD
RT if you love ever single of your followers..
Maybe I should have gone to Starbucks and bought a red-eye. I still feel tired. Damn you, Mad Men for airing so late!
And....Here. We. Go. I feel like Calipari is the Joker and he just pushed the button
This is the second part to the Nutrisystem Prank Call
Agree. It's more than 2 bad games. It's a meltdown. Pau & Bynum look spent *and* checked out. And Brown's made 0 adjustments
Had so much fun with you this weekend! mucho bestitos!!!!!
I really want a boyfriend, but I hate how I would be a crappy girlfriend
Omg! Omg! Omg! i turn 20 tomorrow!!:o
In between games 1 & 2 of our broadcast, our spring football show airing now!
Miss Burmeister&#39;s Blog » Blog Archive » Project Pony Tails
My sister said "goodnight" and I answered "hi"
lemme find out you be getting it I'n :) !!!!
I don't even...
. explaining ways to ensure that a presentation is accessible - audible, visible, copies of the script, notecards for ?s, etc
We would like to help you get ready for tax season! Go to oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com or www.oklahomahomerepair.com for more!
Hawks are out and my BF is a die hard Devils fan! ;)
I just saw a car on the interstate that had 1D 2013 written all over it...i totally fangirled.. <3 ~20days<3x~
Monday May 7 we'll be in Danville KY and the Norton Center for the Performing Arts! Tickets are almost gone!
It's a sunny day in Dallas, so you KNOW we're gonna ride!!!!
Eeekkk I cannot wait for tomorrow!!
Gabriel!!!!..thanks you to make laugh a lot Of people...hope see you in Dallas Texas!!!...this 2012...
Ok on the strip some guy just grabbed mah boob ! :D
Nice! Congrats man. Just listened to it and enjoyed it!
I just hate it when someone says they are going to do something and they don't!
No. I'd love to brainstorm with you and Chris Castellani, our Artistic Director. Perhaps, you can come in for a coffee?
i've never seen a team this bad at stealing bases. with the speed we have we should be WAY better.
So I'm almost done packing. But I don't have more space for my underwear lol oh wells ill go commando haha
Turning up for work looking like a drowned rat is always a good look... ''/
Yeah but her face is only 5.....
Come party with the The TheaterW/Heart @ Shadow Lounge, July 25th 6pm-11pm!
but imma miss u today that mean I cant bother u
Sorry you don't feel well. Soup will make you feel better, good call! Had a great run this a.m. so I'm feeling god. :))
I'm sorry for the rest of you but I just might be biggest fan :)
At work, missing my babies like crazy...
First Grade drop-off was much less stressful than kindergarten drop-off was last year!
I'm just afraid of the ninjas that hide in the dark
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 9
Attention Beauties! We have 1 appointment left for a full set of lashes tomorrow! Call 327-2507 for more info & to reserve!
Yo! I'm great! How are you doin? Good I hope. Big weekend of eating and sleeping for me!
Independence is a myth. We all depend on each other.
Jeopardy Teachers Tournament Final Just Starting
you got it!
A great run partner is a must! Gloves for hands & a scarf over your mouth to warm the air helps too.
....I dnt have enough twitter followers following me.....ugh!
I just want to be in your arms again that's all I want <3
draw something is still a little fun.... a little.... lol
Gutted for et al. Can't help laughing my ass off at John Terry though.
DRose out + ref in Mia's backpocket = cakewalk to the finals. SMH
Check me out on youtube/Gigsawlp
Likelihood of me having a nervous breakdown today = VERY HIGH.
#30thingsaboutme I'm too lazy to do 29 others
Took my SATs today. Very looooonnnggg!!
hahah people took them but I'm gonna bring you guys twice a much tomorrow! <U+263A>
Im freezing
I love the feeling of tights.
99.9% of the ATL gonna know @ this: Passion Parties by Treco!!..boom ***drops mic and walks off***
Maybe it's just me, but doesn't it seem like unwatching a repo on should remove its activity from the news feed?
we're seeing him twice in one month. Harass him.
visiting with our social/mobile team at FH talking about what Twitter is working on around politics/advocacy and advertising
soon soon! are you still thinking of coming up here for some of senior week?!
New details on the crash of the F-18 jet in Virginia Beach. The Million Hoodies March for Trayvon Martin. reports on News4
DIET DISASTER: People who trade sugary drinks for the diet kind (vs. water) eat more bread & desserts, say researchers
#Cincinnati: Im teaching guitar lessons again. Do you want some? #myheartremains :
Ahh! my new, amazingly awesome twitter account = 0 followers (yet). Let's get it right this time, only the really interesting ones.
Thought for Today: God can take your mess and make it meaningful
thank YOU for a great & affirming evening. so proud to have been there & joined in myla's joy for thus award. thk u!
LOL IM COMPETING AGAINST 23 MILLION BELIEBERS JUST TO GET A FOLLOW FROM YOU.. hmm maybe ill "win" ? ;)
GREAT session on starting a teen film festival! Glad I found something to inspire me first thing this morning.
I tip my cap in your general direction good sir.
lets see what today has in store for me (;
What's your ringtone?
The Spurs will play their Game 1 on Tuesday at home against either the Clippers or Grizzlies.
“ Opportunity is knockin. just open that fuckin door.#feelme”
lmao! U at work?
fucking dysfunctional family n' shit. god damn.
What did you get?
#FF is a restaurant, bookstore and gathering place where people can discuss issues of social justice and peace.
i would sell my soul to the devil before i would ever do that again..
Rabbits-theyre too cute, impossible to have to defend the human race by eliminating hordes of cute zombies :P
first beer's on me :)
long islands will Pitt you on ur bum ..... Smh im <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
GOT all three down yes:)
ahahaa good morning it is !
Staring out window, pondering plot problem. A wobbly fox appears in yard. Might it have the answer, or rabies? Or is rabies the answer?
well i should be studying for finals..but i can't seem to. suggestions?
so what practical methods can we use to break the conceptual models that we and our clients cling to about what the web is.
Hi Pete!
Hey #RamonWow, we had some late night Dominos in Cancun & they gave us free potato wedges to try out. Have u seen/tried them?
I know, right? I'm waiting to see who comes to get in the car. Surely it was innocent. Am I an accomplice, now?
RT : “Sponsorship also will make it simpler for our partners to contribute to AOL-sponsored open source projects”-AOL...
"Rondo, how well did you play tag?"
Shank You (:
Frappichino happy hour :) just what I need!
also, did they get the Pulitzer for party photos? ;-p
Try a 45-yard field and that's how the season ends.
“Bridging the Mobile Design Gap” Jen Matson,
Writing some papers then nailing
I may be back in the city in January.. what do you have in mind?
hooray! Where'd you get it?
what's that ?
woohoo! just starting #igenatl...stay tuned!
Last day of high school, telling teachers goodbye Dx trying not to cry..
The Louisiana Research Collection welcomes the Louisiana Historical Association to NOLA for their 2012 annual meeting
Still sad about Donna Summer. I've always been a huge fan. Her music is incredible. And British men strip to it in The Full Monty.
I love the weather undergrounds foliage map if you haven't seen it
Just did my first massage since my mother died. Feels good to be helping other people feel good again.
If you call, dont whine about your gold! LOL RT : I have no gold anymore. Probably will never hold it again...
me: rate on looks: 10 :) tbh: we stopped talking :( Jennah : rate on looks: 10 tbh: you should follow me :D
RT : I bet the song in the Internet Explorer commercial got more downloads than Internet Explorer
x factor!
Follow me to victory, and I will lead you to success
Daytrader, Daylight, Seahaven at Unit Six May 11th! Everyone BETTER BE THERE!
Goal setting starts with a pad of paper, a pen and you. Gary Ryan Blair
Thx for the note. I'm new-but see the tremendous possibilities for educators connecting thru twitter. I look to learn more.
Happy that I successfully killed an emerging cold (from a plane trip I took this weekend). Not interested in being sick this week.
That'd be William Penn?
Oops, yes, an answer. Thank you!
Storms popping up in the area. has you covered at 5:30.
My sister was listening to #Skrillex and using the washing machine and I honestly couldn't tell the difference between the two
Can get another like dat
Imagine a one of those pink bats with black grip tape.
He tweets some really good stuff. It's been getting weird lately when he tweets about jewelry, etc., though.
Be gentle to all and stern with yourself - Saint Teresa of Avila
good job on your 10K.
's life is over cause conan is a repeat haha
bet, we on it!
I hate election time. Politics are annoying.
We're tweeting up at the DNC in Charlotte. If you don't know, the Queen City is a hell of a town for a #progressive party!
Well, so much for that.
!!! RT : I still Fucks wit Hodgson prom lol it was so many Beautiful women There ^___^
Effort? We dont need no stinking effort! Or service to Boyd apparently...
There are three signs of old age: loss of memory ... I forget the other two. ~ Red Skelton
Facebook is boring. Better question: Facebook or Twitter?
Cheering for our tattooed hockey friend and the tonight!
I am in Riverwest now! Coffee soon!
fuck yea it's just 9 Mexicans still heading to wrk lmao blacks still tryin to get to wrk from wakin up late
The best new artist should for sure be #boysandgirls is amazing.
I want to have another baby so I can name him/her Maxwell's Silver Hammer, after coffee, my hair color, and MC Hammer.
going home after a lovely week of actually USING Facebook, Twitter and Linked In. "Ah", she thinks, "I see the value now..."
Woo-hoo! DAS subcommittee members - our recommendations were all accepted, with minimal change.
how much longer are you in Seattle?
see, even your Middle English was off on that one. Can't take you seriously, my sweet.
Kay , I'm done for real haha . #Night (:
On my way to the Center for Arch for the announcement of the AIA NY Design Awards. *Fingers crossed!*
So true!
Its either way too cold or way too hot in this school
"Only put off tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone."[Pablo Picasso]
Happy Friday!!
Java Pete's was great tonight! Check out the Wolf Pack Tour At the Talent Farm in Pembroke Pines tomorrow. Who's coming?
The somewhere that it is five-o-clock is HERE! :-)
yeah and you and austin ISN'T dating! ;)
Thanks so much! Would love to be in touch about it sometime. Looking for mentors. Btw, I work with Matt McCrea of EdCampDC.
Rather enjoyed starting my day with a Sunshine Muffin. Recipe coming soon to
...I don't think that latte was decaf...crap.
Yes but sometimes its good as desperation XD
"If you<U+FFFD>re not rich, it<U+FFFD>s because you think like a poor person. Love rich people and you will become like them."
"This Charming Man" vs. Super Mario Bros. just made my week
Celebrating post-NZ Thanksgiving today: candied yams, stuffing, green beans, cranberry sauce, yeast rolls, and pumpkin pie!
most people do! I want to try a cruise sometime just to prove myself wrong...maybe if I win one :)
PENN STATE WINS <3
Don't believe the mainstream media.
First day of class! Good luck to everyone this year!
I dnt wanna hve another one
Lets go!
S/o to for givinh twitter a play by play of everything he has done today..im sure after the pork chops and shake comes a shit
Is it truly impossible to find a Twitter app that works for my phone? Even the official Twitter app has gone mad!
Yep! That's the one I found. :-) That's the one I used to listen to years ago. Not sure why I got out of it.
my mom doesnt know exactly when the shes getting the ppl into disney but im sure its early in the morning so maybe yeah
Started reading Lance Secretan's spark, torch, flame... pondering my spark
in 2 days. At anytime.
I don't know why you haven't used until now either, but its literally a lifesaver for me.
RMFT“: Im dying to dance a good rueda de casino <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>”
What will the kitties think? Personal opinion, I'm getting all verklempt over here :)
HAHAHAHA i'm dying. That was priceless
Midnight screening of a movie about aliens attacking only sober people? Sure, why not.
RT : I refuse to use pencils in my classroom until manufacturers figure out how to limit what students can write w/them
RT : Fantasy football is close RT : NFL and players accomplished a ton today. Are truly getting close to deal
It's been a decade! Too long! cat & DJ around..bumpin Can we bring #Deephouse back to the Dub?
-7 inches total body and -5 lbs. yup, I'm happy with that.(:
Adding more $USD tommorrow....but i got you.
yes! You coming?
Good! I think if I heard a crappy song by them, I would be devastated! I really love that band! Haha.
<------ Dope Twitter handle.
I am surrounded by the intelligence of Spirit operating through perfect law.
PS I miss you... LMK when you off!!!
I just followed and suscribed you :)
The editor in me. Just sets my eye twitching.
You wanna fight a man? Let's box, I keep a box of gloves
I'm not a fan of Rush at all. Actually dislike him immensely, but, what is your motivation4getting him off the air?
I will! I promise! #gimmeaminute!
The more I read about you the more I am glad you are on our side; just... Thanks! Keep up the hard work.
i want to tie dye something...
ITS 9/11 HUH IM SO LOST FORGIVE DASTREETZMUSIC TO EVERYONE WHO HAVE LOST AN HAVE NOT LOST LOVE ONES TUNE IN TO THE 911CEREMONY
says one down and two to go!
6:30-8:30 tonight: will be for some signing! Check it out!
also, sad you're having trouble finding a place ):
ha! Good one.... I think we're going to need all the help we can get. Rookie QB vs. LeBeau? Not good.
somebody give me a a babywipe cs this la baby a mess
Lust and love look the same on the outside but The interior of lust is hollow.
what's good pimp
thanks Pastor!
Hey Tori I won the backpacker on your website a while ago and LOVE it. Trips to the museum have doubled. Lol. Thank u thank u!
: hugs going. Back to extra large ice pack for back
So #Train has basically turned into Hostel on, well.... a train. I hope there is a twist or I'll be severely disappointed.
GO BERRY WHY AREN'T YOU OPEN
How are you today,love?
*** in his underwear.
my kids were asking why you got "rejected" last night. Seemed like a quick hook. Go get 'em today we'll be watching on Fox!
I'm confused!
RT : I've been holding my tongue on a "beer concert festival could fund full-day kindergarten/school busing" tweet.
gl today, 3 way chop ;)
U can't be a real nigga if u hang wth pussy niggas.....
If you believe it, you will achieve it <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Cry me a river, dude. Conservatives love playing the victim.
SAME HERE OMG
Hope you had an awesome week! How was Mahler 1?
yeah people suck <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
OHMIIIGODDD!! The Cheesecake Factory..so many calories...so much food :)
I miss my big brother
Thinking of booking a flight to Miami for my mom as a Mothers Day gift..
I wish I could teach the Death and Maiden quartet every single day. If the students don't love it, I will cry, and then berate.
A conference is a gathering of important people who singly can do nothing, but together can decide that nothing can be done.
When you're down on life, smoke a joint and remember that tomorrow is a brand new day.
beauty sleep!
RichRod to Arizona!
In line at Subway & see Blake Griffin ad, best marketed NBA player this year by far.
I second that. Really happy to be playing with all y'all.
Apparently there are two 30-foot whales swimming in Petaluma Creek, #sporting and #blowing up and down the creek.
Van bought me a beautiful bracelet and a necklace at a yard sale. He is so thoughtful :)
Your supposed to drink your body weight?
Cool have a Great day
Only if you want to miss out on Stubb's on 6th street! But then, I'm sure we could handle multiple bbq venues...
Tweet us a pic of your "Sneak Peek of Spring" w/ hashtag #BkSqSpring to win gift cards to & !
happy 15th birthday! I love you so much, hope your day is GRAND and filled with many new memories, have an amazing time <3
I reposted and the new link should work for you. If not, go ahead and email me and I will send you the flyer. ;) hope you are well
This is the worst day (me-wise) for Facebook albums to go funky. Apologizes for photo doubles.
I have decided that Im goin to start taking advantage of the gorgous weather #Austin has & jog every morning outside for my #morningcardio!
NBD best. in. show.
A fool gives full vent to his anger, but a wise man keeps himself under control.
S/O to my dude We needa chill soon.
YES AND...You're going to be SO sucessful! In a #hack kind of a way! You should just be an assistant!
And a show like "Arrested Development" gets canned! It's all quite sad! I like bad TV, but I have my limits!
#thatawkwardmoment when you realize no one is listening to you so you stop talking in mid-sentence.
This will be the third Friday in a row that I'm working after I originally said I wouldn't be. What is wrong with me??? SMH
<<<<SHOUT OUT
me AND smokey are sick :( I'm going back to bed!
Going to spend some time relaxing today after an insane week of ups and downs.
More excited for this than I should be.
is everyone sick?
Jamba juice then off to kahaluu
yo blazed ass
sounds like it's time to treat yourself to something nice:)
Had an amazing day with the fam yesterday! Now I just need to get my computer fixed today and all will be right with the world...
true...but I think this is 2 diff convos. One about self goals and the other about an attack on US as women via media
I can't fold and they never bluff! Also 30 hands/hour wtf
Guys who can dance bachata or can just dance in general >> you already won me over ! <3
I guess it was Danks that sucked not that the #Tigers hitting was good ....glad we got that cleared up!
ahh, so funny - I saw 's post about gorgeous photo - and thought she was speaking of the bed one. HappyNY, M!
Tried to go to the gym and watch ManU/Chelsea in HD at 2pm afterwards. Phone spoils results at gym.
Unifies voice re: our values? Who and how will we speak?
urban ethno- #archaeology: asked transit workers about artifacts left at #beaconhill station. today? wax lips, $100 bill, and red panties.
Please welcome onlineGirlsSex to the Max life
Do you have any suggestions for a good Brunch beer cocktail?
Most people are in...fear for the same reason. Most people are living a case of mistaken identity.~Neale Donald Walsch What's your identity?
Fa la la la
some people just need to move on and not whine about stuff ..... life is way to short
You did such a fab job today!! “: It was awesome working with once again. have fun tonight xoxo”
you know I'm a male right?:) lol
twitter works in school. :D
Kim Clijsters Injury: Belgian Tennis Star Will Skip French Open to Focus on Wimbledon, Olympics
IM SORRY
Tonight I'm getting faded tho.
Traffic out of town square always makes me mad grrr!!
easier said that done But I feel you
I want.
Thanks for the follow, guys! Facebook pages?
If only Starbucks delivered. D:
You say #YOLO? Jesus Christ says no thanks.
Bernadette Peters on #Smash: obvious, pandering, wonderful.
Got it. thanks. & interesting choice by Burke of a story to cite.
A proper QA strategy not only takes time, it takes courage.
Killed it in Denver today! Everyone who came out to watch was awesome!
Saying hello before things get rolling.
clearly my fault... ref's too
Sailing back from Catalina :-) already saw three whales. Wow
Great start for the Pacers. Not intimidated one bit.
Lot on my mind :/
#furchat yes, as long as they rode in the cabin with me!
Are you KIDDING ME ARSENAL?!
Now if I only knew InDesign. :) I need to reserve some time with one afternoon to get started.
Creddie or Seddie? "My sister is off limits. Seddie-- They can go to town, I don't care." -Jerry Trainor. that dude cracks me up, man
probably going to go back to sleep until my roommate gets home? How about you?
Nothing says Christmas like adult beverages. And cookies & fudge. Thanks Grandma!
Your always on my mind, i think about you al timee. Uhm, no. LOL
Lenders and Investors are interested in pursuing existing office and retail properties. Let me help you with yours. 602-509-5377
That's a first, and sorry they weren't your style. Def not quality, all craft ingredients. Hopefully next time. Thx!
Whenever I use my phone as a flashlight I feel like I'm about to b murdered in a found footage horror movie.
you say that now. Everyone says that at one point.
We do too. Gotta love those Suttons. Oh my bad, u mean ya real family ha? LOL. Just kidding. 100
I'm not getting any replies, so DM me or email via www.lisabmusic.com if you want to say hello. Hello!
Trade Curry, Lee, First Round Pick for Dwight Howard...Keep Monta Ellis to play with Dwight Howard...You got to take that risk...
i love you more.
hey, you're welcome! Grantland often comes thru with memorable pieces.
I second that ewww. What are people thinking!
lol your welcome
Welcome back!
30 more minutes - summer friday yaaalllll get to go home early woo to nap.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
#Breakingbad Breaking Bad Breaking Bad. Did I mention breaking bad?
Q8 to workout more
hi I am carslyn Sheffield u ment my uncle his name is j
So twitter, send me a link to your favorite #prank #video!
my fave: the one where bender falls for the planet express ship, as voiced by sigourney weaver.
actually, its a nice change of pack. ttyl
ehhh sad I don't get to go to auburn game ;(
Yay! No worries, I'll come get you. It's from 12-6, but I wanted to be home by the time the kids get off bus. Pick you up @ 10:30?
#IfItWasntForTwitter it was for YOU
Any way I can set up a general with you?
I really miss the Saturday morning show Hang Time with the 25' long b-ball court and 2-row bleachers.
maybe when i win the lottery i'll open a flower shop, near the funeral home my sister will some day own of course.
#Listofturnons really don't know where to begin I could be here all day lol
Time to enjoy this beautiful weather
Debating if I should do this big ass global packet right now...
just listened to death and destruction followed by slob full volume in the van and thought I was the coolest mother fucker
I'm really not sure what we are doing when we get there haha
Scan & Deliver webinar (bit.ly/r5Ifks): The Bookeye looks very neat, but I wonder how much they cost?
Pom for me!
Haha there's enough booothang to go around.
Brandon Freaking Allen haha. Crushed that ball to right. #Rays walk off. Always love seeing them win!
The minute u tell someone to trust u is the same minute they doubt u, so instead show them u deserve it.
Does anyone else think Aubrey Plaza is high on something??
Good morning
this games gonna come down to the wire
Waking up early to do household chores before work is the adult thing to do.
happy to help - send me any questions at
True! I'll just hang on and stop being so worried about it.
You could not be able to pee through your...you get the picture.
does anybody noe how to get apps on their ipod with out using a credit card !! please answer i will follow u!! foreal
Thanks for the follow! Look forward to your tweets.
Don't you hate when a person start lookin good after high school graduation. Like why you couldn't do dat when we was in school dammit!
awesome ends with me and ugly starts with you. :P
LOL RT : Retweet if you remember Bacon's, Burrelles's and rubber cementing press clips.
() aka "How to Take Your Son to a Creepy Exhibit and Turn Him into Norman Bates..."
very disturbing: if you try to find me (dennis kardys) on skype, two results are returned: dennis.kardys (chicago) and sausagekock (usa)
Aye buddy. I hate you. RT a Faygo bottle.
a u still coming over here with me and wade
Happy Birthday!(:
Her Roads stretch out before us the call of the wild The sky yawns a lethargic turquoise America an amusement park I'm a giddy child!!!!
that's awesome Katelyn!! Keep up the hard work! You'll make it far in life!
Driving Nashville to Atlanta listening to Charlie Robison.
They know I'm a beast, yeah I'm a f***in savage, haters you can kill yourselves
": We all make mistakes, don't act like you're better than someone else."
Are the online leaderboards for XBLA broken? I have a winstreak going on and my online rank keeps going down down down :(.
Fucking shitty beyond all belief I don't think I've been this mad my entire life I refuse to let this bullshit happen
#SometimesYouHaveTo find free time for urself,dont forget that u belong to you!
Good morning #Indy. We are getting excited for our new Fishers location.
Thank u so much 4 coming today! We all loved what you had to say! Really good info and tips for beginning PR practitioners!
What good?
Its impossible to get water from a person who's cup is empty. It's also impossible to get love from someone who has none to give.
yo give me some combos.
Mind if I join guys?
Last call. is 12:41 minutes long.
nope I am quite focused on them lol
“Hey Can I Buy A Cigarette Off You?”…No, But I Got This Pen I Can Let You Have “Real Cheap.”
critical missing pieces no doubt
:) good.i.didn't get it tho ! i got the last one you sent wen you was leavin Phoenix
Google Releases Chrome 15 and Web Store Redesign
I m so tired but so happy of my self... !!! Step by step..
ekjfhewkf im going to be tweeting to fuck tomorrow since im getting my hair dyed at the hairdressers, they better make me a cup of tea!,YOLO
another restaurant lost. E-mail rec'd 2day advising that La Mela Italian Fusion Restaurant, located in Palmetto Bay, will NOT reopen.
So long #NBA as we know it! #WallStreet starring Michael Douglas got it wrong... greed... is NOT good. :(
Vegans, vegetraians and carnivores all leave CURRIED with SMILES on their faces!!!
Wow and all this time I thought I had a pretty decent grasp on fonts.
First ride of the season, I'll give you a redo haha! Keep training!
The dough is ready! I´m ready to fill this calzone!
Most Relationships are like garage sales: At a distance it looks like it could be interesting...up close it's just a ton shit you don't need
Excited to finally join twitter and share up to date information and resources on chronic traumatic encephalopathy.
RT now if you want to go to Haiti with Habitat in 2011????
To the 2011 Fl Legislature and Governor: 'All We Are Saying- Is Give Common Sense a Chance.' Be an AMERICAN first not a Dem or Rep
Thanks to all that stopped by for the meet and greet. Now off to for youth group!
i'm reading stuff about my horoscope.
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing mothers out there <U+2764>
yep been hangin' out all weekend
Haha oh I remember...We were so weird!!
I feel good !!!! Can't cry over spilled milk right?
Love is the affinity which links and draws together the elements of the world. <3
Altmire was the only candidate in this race to go to Beckley for the congressional field hearing re: mine disaster.
thanks man! I'm sure we can make it in a month of coldness! Need warmer TOMS!
How the mighty has fallen. Hardly see anyone with BB anymore.
I think Kessler & Tennant are natural fits for EP
Waiting to board flight on my way home after a great & insightful time at
Alright , take me back to #Indy! Loved #Atlanta but there's no place like Home!
I'm at a payphone trying to call home. <3
gotcha, right. Now I'm following you. That is your train of thought not just on twitter. ;)
I know - "Mostly true" sounds awful. A better phrase is in order. But until then, how does this invalidate the site's purpose?
if they were so happy why do they need to meditate. or did you mean medicate?
its funny because i had no clue house of hoops had opened!
Domination in the first half. If I were White Puma I'd have trouble not dozing off
Monk's never likes people to drink alone. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089>
Good meeting with ’s Dave Russel. , Jeff Echols & Don Foster shared news of what’s coming soon to
#IfItWasntForTwitter I'd be an angry person lol
9 times out of 10 I agree with your assessment of books, which makes you one of my favorite book critics.
hopefully they'll be over there soon!!
Perfect plan.
checking out some hot products to feature on the site.. some great stuff out there
are you "hesitating" about??
The more I hear of these republicans, the more disgusted I feel. Serious actions need 2 be takin
and magically here I appear before your very eyes
I don't follow many people, that's probably why.
Thanks so much! You two are awesome, and your support means a lot to us.
Amen! Yes ma'am :)
RT : Special thanks to Dave Kutch of for “Demistifying Mastering” seminar last night at !
RT : About to fulfill one of my life long dreams and study abroad! Let the embarking of this journey to India begin!! Congrats
"Wine makes daily living easier, less hurried, with fewer tensions and more tolerance."°Benjamin Franklin
Oy :c I'm glad you're okay tho ! I was worried :'c
I just started crying because I haven't left my room in 2 days due to an extensive homework load, then I stopped and got backto my homework.
Thank you! Have a nice weekend.
I only like old christmas music and only when its dark and freezing outside.
Aww, you're always there, darlin. <3 <4, etc. I'm leaving town for a much-needed break till Sat the 20th. Then it's PACK/SELL TIME
11 chapters in.. Time to go look at a possible house to rent :)
Some dudes first time in a plane behind me, he's freaking out. He asked the FA, what's the take off like?" fingers crossed, no puking
I think I might. c:
Happy Mother's Day to all! Have a wonderful day! You all deserve it!
Tomorrow is going to be bananas! We are close to sold out. This weekend is going to be one to remember!
Shut Up Bitch!! Alright Alright Alright!!!! Yeeaahh you gone learn today!!!
65" high-def? I'm afraid....VERY afraid.
I feel bad about it to some extent, at the same time if the team is losing, they're not giving you money back on your tickets.
Poised Creation is on the look out for great videographers! If u can cut a deal, hollar at us!
You must think u slick LOLOL ok.
Got the win last night on senior night. Now 10-12 heading in to our last reg season game with Lincoln on Friday.
Thank you, sir!
I love my Aj (:
Virginia earthquake a 5.8, felt all the way in PA. Epicenter just south of DC.
The Rooster lost that cock fight.
Hey sexi let's get together sometime
OMG GUYS SO YOU SHOULD TOTALLY GO SUBSCRIBE TO ALWAYSSHOUTJENA ON YOUTUBE SHE IS AMAZING!!!!!!! BFFS<3 ;D
at one point does obama start taking responsiblity for HIS presidency
You should read the paranoid rantings about #OWS on GretaWire. Highly entertaining yet pathetically sad all at the same time!
how long are u in LA? I'll be there next Wednesday.
Its hard growing up without a father, but its easy when you have a fantastic mother who plays both roles.
Hype for this night
": You have big boobs and everyone likes you? It must be your shining personality."
Im a little worried about it
Who else is excited for #Clipshow?!? ....anyone? Anyone?
's book, "Bossypants" is the shit.
Food show! Manager teams will compete for their chance to win a tailgate party and tix to a Brew Crew Home Game! Go team Ari!
Making big time changes n my life to get Jenolo up and running
Do you shine in a way that exemplifies five ways of “being”? Visit www.mikehensley.org for my latest article
The next thing that breaks in my house, I'm just buying duct tape to fix it.
I've lost a lot of followers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 51
i miss my sissy
Wow, today was just one of those days! Time for #wine! What are you sipping on tonight?
Good morning!!!
Jeff Ireland's arms must be sore because he reeeeeaaaaaaaccccchhhhed for Ryan tanny
I was gonna go with 'informative' but it was too many characters!
Happy weekend Twitter friends!
me too!
I really want to work in the nonprofit sector! Being a daily advocate for something I believe in is AMAZING!
I have to have buds if I'm on a treadmill or running alone
Very Nice to meet you too! Thank you for the follow back : ) I look forward to reading your tweets!
don't u mean won't
#MM More must follows!
I need a haircut! Can I plan on knocking this out on Saturday?
Designing new Beerhoptacular tee's. Should we put Kegman on the front or the back of our new version?
Competition swimsuits controversy at the World Swimming Championships in Rome is justified.
ChooseCameron has a nice ring to it
The kid that likes me just brought me cigarettes then walked away like a sad puppy. I feel kinda bad
Bubble baths >>>
am and saw some in person but not so as I'm interested! beinbig time if not more and not rush but lucky D:
Hey I am KP's fiancé. Wondering if you wanted to meet up? I would appreciate some #sxsw101 from someone with much more klout than I.
u are on tour?
puttin in time at the office today along with a home visit
x box was hacked first and was out 2 months you stupid fuck
he should be fine as long is there is no music playing, fans in the stands or anything else that makes noise.
I'm willing to bet that the first sport was a man against another man in a fight, so I think that's something innate in all of us Omar Epps
Just got done watching the hurt locker....crazy Movie.
When life throws you lemons, eat lemon yogurt with a knife.
Failure to prepare is preparing to fail
haha [: i'm sorry sweetie! <U+2665> omg i just got austins single off Itunes :DD
We're all but humble impersonators living through those we admire, through those who help us believe this world is full of love.
I just launched my new website today! Check it out.... www.JennMello.com
Ozark Missouri - New Storm Product- Sandless sandbags- A revolution to sandbagging operations.Out of the box and to the water, ready in mins
Students! Before tearing it up on Mifflin tomorrow, party up with us tonight. Five bucks gets you in the door.
Alright MLB fans -- playoffs are right around the corner. Who you got?
Yup gonna be a rough presentation tonight
Agree! MyPOV: Microsoft synergies w/ WP8, Office365, Kinect, some real wins for #dynamics customers #conv12 #microsoft (client)
Touristing on the #LasVegasStrip & working up an appetite for a buffet!
That Beatles track(HeyJude)that put up is the perfect way for me to start the day.
Nazis first came..for the Jews, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Jew...then they came for the Catholics ..Martin Niemoeller
Snow/ cover direction/ sky earth disappear/ somehow/ snow still falls
Why can't i sleep ?
So excited to be meeting and cooking my pizza for a legend in the start up community this Sunday.
You know that moment when you JUST miss your transfer? Yup...
The fact that multiple people have suggested it's reminiscent of Microsoft Bob suggests it already has
If you're visiting Miami for Art Basel - it's right around the corner - secure your vacation rental before it's too late!
lol. draw her a pic of you know whoo ;) sexy army man.
Free-throw shooting in the NBA has gotten atrocious. Players forgot how to shoot.
i dont want him to get a story...just stay on payroll and get paid and then leave when show gets cancelled
Dance was dope now watchin some UFC !
conflicting message? Asking teachers 2 extol a defined syllabus.. then be innovators too? the former expropriates the creativity
I'm reading SOP yet again. I'm loving it though. I will pass my first exam on Monday! :)
Don't let people judge you Cory ! Say how you feel bruh ! #KeepItTrill bruh ! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
#10FactsAboutMe 4) once we're friends, I'll devote myself to u unconditionally till you show me why we shouldn't be friends. No 2nd chances.
Amen i now thats right,, have a beutifull bless day full of joy n favor ...love u
I had a great weekend at "Lightening In A Bottle" - What did you do this weekend? http:www.ShamanShack.info
hey Macy moo I miss u cuz
everyone follow ! :) my love.
My best friend and I'm going to go to mono cafe.... I'm so so happy. We are peasing....
Excellent, thanks for the input, Dani!!
YLM is getting up there tbh…I mean as a whole this is my most listened KC album. I got tired of All I Ever Wanted quick
Super excited to try my first class, I heard it's pretty awesome!
now baby bounce it, bounce it.
I doubt they do either, but I'm betting that you do.
Lawson out of his mind!
will you please wish happy birthday ? :)
Unsuccessful day of fishing....
Any day.
My niggas calling from the pen on they cellphones talking about send me some pics of some hoes lol
I saw that! You know me and Cobe's are going!!
Shower , get dress, bank, PORTLAND, back home. sounds legit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
He was always shy around me, but a lot of guys get that way around the media. Tough to say how he got along with his teammates.
you get yogurt with your Mickey D's? Nice!!
heard was singing "Call Me Maybe" on his drive to the multi this morning.
hi. come home. i wubb yoo. :)
What's going on there tonight?
did it make you dance? Or prance? Cause others to look askance?
I gave myself a pass, since I got about 15 minutes of sleep last night.
Good luck to all who are running the half marathon in #Indy tomorrow! Need to carb-load tonight? Dine in or carry out pasta! (317) 264-3585
Where is this? At a house?
I miss twitter. I want you back.
It's not goodbye! It's "I'll see you soon!" Don't let downstate make you forget about upstate! Wegmans love forever!
#ESPN needs to stop spoiling the draft picks, it ruins it for the viewers.
u no wat im getn tired of yall calln me a loser err tym yal want me to follow back
Finally broke down and joined the "Mug Club" at - good grief.
I am never eating taco bell again
depending on the weather - our band will be playing on 'Omni Hill'/Federal courthouse for the 10-Miler...
I've never been fly fishing. My dad does it religiously. But I'm trying to master my techniques with baits/lures first.
Whoa! Great conference speaker! , do you know this person: Naledi Pandor, minister of SA Science/technology?
lmfaoo let them know whats up
"My carpeting is old and pet spots were numerous, but by the time he left, it was spotless and very nearly dry." Thank you, Carole!
Stumptown, the Met, Upper East Side, Central Park, and Roosevelt Island: tomorrow's going to be a classic NYC day.
this so true
Muppets movie is on... Classic!
if only I could be half of the gentleman that is
I want that version of the song!!!
I think I'm going to sleep at 8:30 tonight
Just one call from him...and I'm happy again:)
I love watching the #Apple events on live blogs. Bring it!
2012 film watching! #34. Journey 2:The Mysterious Island (Peyton, 2012). This was very terrible. The only redeeming quality was Louis Guzman
Cool platform. We'll let our Indian friends know about it.
hey how do u get to practice? Do u drive or do u ride with brock?
Always go for the "Goodfellas" entrance/exit.
leave it to your bad self to remind me that Teen Mom is even on. So upset I've missed the entire show.
This whole not-wearing-a-coat-to-work thing is kinda amazing
... so you didn't chime in and stack your claim? ;)
you'll get your turn.
it was nice to meet you yesterday. Would love to talk creativity with you sometime. Cheers!
RT : SO this RT : Meetings -- the inside joke that makes you stop working to talk about how you're going to work
They have whey protein isolate and butter. These ingredients are free of lactose and probably no casein or only trace amounts.
I Recover a Guy with 11 warrants in two states and a Federal Prosecuter very Interested in his whereabouts. Bonds out within 24 hours. WTH??
Lakers lose, mariners lose.. Not a good day for sports...
unfortunately no.They will however help u impress the ladies & help you on the search 2 find the future mrs Gav
It doesn't matter how strong your mental resolve is, there are some atmospheres that will destoy you.
The Demi Strip makes your eyes appear perfect... Rita @ A Cut Above 404.454.1494
Have a total case of the guilts that I didn't clean the house this weekend
Clippshow for sure, its like rooting for JV to represent your school
Watch Rich and Michelle discuss shark attacks and fried chicken www.vimeo.com/13740440
's willingness to accept returns w/o interrogation or arbitrary constraints makes me not want to bother shopping elsewhere.
#MajorTurnOff when guys pass out after sex .
“: i think needs to come meet us in myrtle beach this weekend :D” Uggghhh I'm jealous
I'm at a different barn than the one Chief and Gunner are at. We'll find time to go soon. Miss my baby cousins.
. blames the stock mkt & past mayors "who stole" for pension woes. Really? An appalling paucity of knowledge about SD issues.
sophia grace and rosie aren't even that great why are they on ellen all the time
Hope you’re having a great day. Mine is turning out amazing so far.
Its Fucking freezing!!!!!!!!!
i know and your in the car next to me:)
Chris breezy starting to look like a man finally..
damn what time they close
Heading back to cali in a few weeks ..definitely going see the vs Dodgers while im there
Simply having more open and competitive politics will not satisfy Arab populations, says Larry Diamond -
Show tonight at The Door Dallas. Should be a good time!
Gonna go home and sleep!!!
There is too much orange on my tv right now.
I would like to discuss SwipeGood with you if you have the opportunity.
Followed Already
Reading about Trademark law is as fun as constantly punching a porcupine.
I'm about to put my shades on and kick my feet up on the table.
at Hotel Indigo west watching Ryan Story & Jeff Dayton
May Day! (as in May 1, not as in 'help!') xx
Sounds like work. No.
Little brother...
Are you ready for the labor day weekend? Tan at the Tan Bar and then wear plenty of sunscreen over the weekend and protect your skin!
Awesome game. Love me some Melo right now.
thanks! I'll let you know if I need anything on the newer one and I'll forward your name with my old one I'm getting rid of :-)
prove the haters wrong DT ...... Your gonna be an all star !!! Pro bowl baby !!
Congratulations on the award! Great to see your work recognized.
How do CM's w/high unemployment raise money?This initiative will effect Blk CM more than White CM
Running intervals kicked my butt. 8x1 thanks
Had a great show at The Playground. Thanks
I got one this morning - "Your code is broken." Turns out he was entering the wrong password…
Northsiders who hate downtown, let it be known that your traffic is horrible! Downtown can handle 1000s of people/cars, Castleton can not.
Thanks for making a difference in my life: Jesse Hawkins, Odessa Stubbs, Colleen Howell, Coach Bill Pate, Darlene Rogers...
Lmao I have the greatest moments with my MMA/Jiu Jitsu coach!
I'm up writing and the birds are chirping outside of my window. Wow, what a peaceful moment.
bogus. is my airline of choice. If you tip the bag checker $10 you can check a body bag for free
tweet a pic of the stage!! howz it lookin??
Thanks so much for coming this morning! #ad4mh RT : At Meta House breakfast... an amazing project and community of support.
I feel a tad breeze....
Good morning.<U+2665> :]
Anyting early-RiRI, most of BEYONCE, generally JANET, "Who Gives A F**" by MADONNA, Most MJ videos, JAYZ, Adele are
I have been spring cleaning my inbox and organzing e-mails all day today
Breakfast in bed is such and easy thing to do, and it totally makes girl want to sex you
hmm. Why exactly should I tell you?
lol i know but i cnt keep him out my closet! He said he like the way my stuff fit better...it shows off h ...
our new motto should be: Great Taste. More Filling. Like filling our minds with stuff. Or is that just gross?
“: Destiny's child song cater to you= a true companionship....I really can't wait to be able to give&receive that feeling”
Beautiful weekend ahead! Stop by Nardi's on Saturday night for the 6th Annual Kentucky Derby Party and Free Buffet from 5 to 7!
hey were tweets you sent with the Unicode chars done with your app? Are you still running that one?
Sign me up for KostisCon 2012. Seriously.
lol thats why i was gonna go together
I'm too tired to go to sleep
Nice Chocolate!!! Thanks :)
with the invention of the internet and social media you are never alone!
Don't die wondering
Massive heart attack and simultaneous cerebral hemorrhage averted. Today in March, I nearly went mad!
RT : The & will face-off in on Feb 5! LIVE at 6:30 PM EST on ! (GO GIANTS!!!)
#Jazz PG Devin Harris (left ankle sprain) is being iced. Will re-evaluated. (Via )
I can help you find out!
Making website is not as easy as I thought feeling a little down...idk..smh
Yeah. A lot of artists get in this mindset where they completely ignore what people find interesting. Great art is shareable.
I've said it once this week, but I think it bares repeating - Greg Dulli is still god. That is all.
Our new hashmark for 2011... introducing the
" In simplest terms, a leader is one who knows where he wants to go, and gets up, and goes. " - John Erksine, The Complete Life
Devote a lot of time speaking to buyers face to face. You'd be amazed how many companies do not listen to their customers.
They know kids r listening
myspace is pissing me off, for the darlins it doesn't have to be bikinis it can be It can be short dresses, skirts, hot pants, sexy clothes,
Yes, answers my question and kickass.
Google better get safesearch working much better before the X Olympics in London.
This can't be true: Mets looking at Tebow as a center field option.
Please release your "Meet Your Type" PDF in spreads - the design is too beautiful for single pages and I'm dyin' for spreads!
You know you are doing things right when your girlfriend is more pumped about the NFL draft than you are.
Got the kids Valentine bags ready for tomorrow. Almost done with Bens!! I can't wait for them to open it. I hope you like it
Watching Adventure Time with my little cousin.
That is bullshit. ": No matter how much you hate school, you'll always miss it when you leave."
Get a copy of #SixtySexandTango the "Confessions of a Beatnik Boomer" memoir by at www.spokenwordinc.com or from Audible today!
LOL exactly RT : ....and TOTALLY REDEEM yourself!
Yup..i still get jealous.
but u smoke weed no need to go all crazy lol just relax u got a timetable on this tho
“: Happy Birthday, Matthew Broderick, when are we going to see Ferris Bueller Pt 2? " that would be sad, seriously?
Your strength is the strength of ten because...well, because you're Superbranch.
hy did u like the video
A nice sunny Sunday morning !
You have been insider trading for years in Congress. President Obama is forcing you to be ethical.
Like your attitude.
Leis lingerie boutique in Greenbriar Mall Black Friday sale 40% of total purchase 7-10 am. free gift bags and cocktails 6 pm until.
im watching glee and I loved Kurts performance!!! :)
#OccupyAlbuquerque #OccupyBurque Any news on the meeting/gathering that was to start around 12:30 p.m.? Have demands or goals been decided?
I MADE THE HIGHSCHOOL CHEER TEAM! CAN I GET A WHAAT WHAT?(:
How come the embedded demographic time series from Google public data disappeared from my webpage?
Praise...Live....Love...Laugh more
Pullin for #Tebow to beat the piece of crap #tombrady who ive always hated most
Anyone still on???
Yes, love it! Sanctions really stink...ugh.
The Christmas Hope #movie airing on Lifetime tomorrow (Dec 24) at 2 EST. A child needs a home & a woman needs hope. From the
... engage in the activities in real life.
fucking mom bullshitted me I was asleep and then when I woke up it was already late
Sometimes flashier isn't better.Many #AssistiveTech companies fine-tuned tools for years. #iPad is cool,but may not always be best solution.
Ok twitter it was me not
this could be a long list of punchees.
The kingdom of God is within #you. ~Luke 17:21b
You are going to do it easy as all get out. Congrats!
Wen u cry fake friends just watch u but real friends have ur back!
it's probably because nobody showed up to see ol hairplugs anyways
Off to go upstate to film
thanks for a great meal tonight! The sweet pea risotto was our favorite and our server Lauren was fantastic.
I'm at #12ntcmoney about finding funding sources for technology. would be proud :)
such a fun place! Go to the NE corner of Varrick and Bleeker for an amazing dessert/champagne bar!
I can't believe I'm up right now .
Make your Friday utterly PERFECT by following,
Conquering LED Efficiency Droop: Overcoming mysterious phenomenon could lead ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Woke up in the middle of the night, panicking about my alarm clock. But I don't need one, because it's a real, live Saturday off!
One thing I have never seen in all of my travels is the Northern lights. Apparently, I could have gone to Iowa!
5 minutes away from another shirt giveaway contest. If you don't know western movie trivia get yur sister brother dad or uncle on the phone.
The strawberry shenanigans continue this Friday May 5th at the NYU Strawberry Festival!
I ain't gone lie California is the shit women and money wise drugs I don't know
No problem. Keep up the good work. Now following!!!! ": Preciate the support up there in OHIO boo!"
There's gotta be a way to do it - I will continue to consider this. Good to know I have your support ;-)
Gtf putt here twitter everyone's a boss huh wtf
A girl without curves is like jeans without pockets no place to put your hands
Mercy Corp's Monday is TODAY! As always, we'll be donating 5% of all sales to our favorite non-profit organization, Mercy Corps.
It's less important to go Paleo then to cut out processed foods
PRE-ORDERS START AT MIDNIGHT!!! :D
i like it, protect ben lets goo
I didnt know leanna would call you that, did she say it through dm?
“: These bitches will say ANYTHING for a follow, even if it degrades them” REAL<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
thanks for the heads up. We'll see what we can do
It's Not Good To Want Something Too Much, It Sometimes Drives The Luck Away. <U+2764>
beach tomorrow?
YES! my favorite is We'll Sing You To Sleep and Happy Anniversary!
RT: I get it! Conservatives want a smaller government so it can fit into the vagina of every woman in America.”
really?! Yes my kid... SMH... please slap him upside the head thank you
I just want to shove food in my mouth and cry.
Ron Artest may have just saved the Lakers season! Every championship team has a bad guy.
today would have been the perfect day for our tumblr photoshoot
Life is to valuable to be wasted....... Drop the nonsense, Build a Bridge,.... And get over it....
yeah, i'm okay i guess. :\
Enjoyed it guys!!!
Thanks, it was tasty. And the weather even more so.
Time to change my Twitter background besides this purple design with stars..
Oh shoot we are about to break 200 Likes on our facebook! Someone go be #200!!! www.facebook.com/sperantsa
If you ask a PROFESSIONAL their PROFESSIONAL opinion and use statements like "I'm not a professional", it's insulting when you don't listen
Brewers game!
You know you're in Denmark when the dorm room has a school-provided ashtray.
not much, u?
Waiting to facilitate presention to the Shared Governance committee of about
I need something to do today!!
RT : Make sure you come out see me tomorrow April 9th in Westminster,Co at King Soopers located at 10351 Federal Blvd. 9-11am
www.kociradio.com instrumental blues: Freddie King, BB King, Joe Louis Walker
Do your windows meet ENERGY STAR® guidelines.We’re always striving to meet the needs of an ever-changing environment with great products.
Oh no! What did the Dr say was the problem? I have smacked this toe so many times, but I've never seen it THIS purple!
Which automobile was the infamous John Dillinger's favourite car to steal? A. Ford B. Chevrolet C. Buick D. Packard
not gonna lie. excited to use the coin sorter at the bank today...
I'm so glad I got to spend the day with my family, including the best mom ever, !
Week from today....
What artists have you been looking at lately?
audience asks abt #poverty @ #macrolevel, #access to #mobile, #financial #infrastructure - what does panel think?
good morning... lets see what the day has in store for me be safe my fire buddies
Am I the only one having problem with OS X's gestures responding to hair trigger like movements of the mouse?
Great advice! RT : Don't SAY what is simple to SHOW
Enya is good crying music.
Good for you! If you want to do any other areas, give us a call. We have a great laser that combats the pain.
you were right, the mountain bike was a great idea ;)
Playing "fuck the police" by NWA when you get pulled over
thank you! I had a blast, too!
first time in like 3 years I've gotten stung by a wasp<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
I like edible bras and flavored tampons
Doing some last minute shopping? Why don't you just stop by for a quick fix. We have all the parts in stock for most any model phone.
Hi Arjun Tx 4 flwng All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Very happy that you're a customer!
To outsiders, yes. But if all partiers know the concept already, in technical discussions it's a quick self-contained argument.
New listing in Oregon WI going active tomorrow! Check out facebook.com/MadisonRealEstateShow tomorrow for all the details...
There's just something kind of romantic about the mall at night..
Heading out to the studio to broadcast Shirim. Listen streaming live at www.wcuw.org from 8-10pm eastern TONIGHT!
why are we awake
wen u weren't looking...obviously
Oh, hey look. Unemployment dipped to 8.1%. Not good. But considering GOP obstructionism, it could be worse.
My mom is so old fashioned, she pays all her bills by walking to the mail box. I pick up my phone & pay my #bills through my checking accnt.
That Chemistry was long! And I just barely finished. Omfg.
Do you see me now! Look into my fucking eyes!
Not yet ready to retire? Hatch Plus is the area's leading employment resource for workers 50+ years of age, for more info, call 414-272-4544
follow back
thanks for the RTs, Eric!
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 47
Yes, got here yesterday :) are you making it down here?
Can't tell if I'm upset because of the prices or the fact I wasn't there when they went on sale
TRUST God...always <3
Party like it&#39;s Saturday with Prince
/innovation Awesome! Have any of you used imovie before?
2. Buy local if you can. In LA, we recommend Skylight Books
I hate it when he looks upset <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
'Happy' pizza usually helps.
Unfortunately it won't let me (I'm in the states) but I WILL spread the word. Spuds are desperate for a shortcut
OK I am one step closer to visiting! ;-)
not in front of a TV, tell me that Zuckerberg is not wearing a GAP pull over.
The protesters experiencing a lice problem! yuck!
Welcomed 3 more first time families to DC practice today. Simultaneously upgrading our McLean office's IT capability.
For some reason I am having a hard time wrapping my head around the fact we are going to China but not that we are going to Japan too.
Definitely read that as you were wearing a corset. Unless you actually ARE.
I freaking LOVE when the #Brewers have the late west-coast game.
« Saying "YOU'RE WELCOME" really loudly when people don't thank you.»
would you mind giving me a shoutout? :) ill return the favour except I have 35 followers haha :')
Off to Laramie, Wyoming in the morning. Never thought I'd ever need to go there
We've been asked to play at Ozark Christian College's Deeper Life Event on Friday! #OCC #what?!!
Let's go to #Indy “: GAME. SET. REMATCH. The G-Men defeat the Niners, and will face the Patriots in Super Bowl XLVI.”
Can't wait for my bes Fran time tonight with twitter less Katey! Only an hour left of work! :)
Kinda sucks that I caved....
today i went to the park with my lil sis all she did was say hi to people im on youtube and twitter and i put the ABC song for her lol
Why don't people tweet as much as they used to... it make me sad :(
Arrrrggghh Jordan Taylor what the heck was that. There's now a shoe sized hole in my TV
Daily Money's shit now... I remember when it was good
These girls at bars need to step up there game, no I don't want to talk about The Real Housewives or your pet dog you dress up
Mr. Irrelevant in John Hughes draft tough call. May be between Cameron from Ferris Bueller & The Geek from Sixteen Candles
Ugh kelly osbourne drives me nuts. Stop talking over everyone! And hair
This can't be real got to be photoshopped
#honestyhour I have very bad roadrage.
Bingo RT : Mom just asked if you can call 911 from a cellphone
It's freezing in the office. I am going to take after Mr. Rogers and have an office sweater and slippers.
For those in the Milwaukee and Chicago area - check out and Bellevue Suite.
I know and its horrible
lots of weed
Today is your day to shine. Be amazing!
It will be out by the end of the week. Good luck on the run!
#bestlovemovie the Notebook. I cry every time.
Justin Male Hottie
I can't access my work email. Time to shift to another task.
Anna Dorr's reaction when she found out about Kris Letang's pregnant girlfriend was the highlight of my day
When my dad died, the worms ate out both his eyes. His soul flew right up in the sky, I cried myself to sleep.
What I want to know is how in the world did I let myself run so thoroughly out of oregano?
lol she does have other friends to visit here. Texas can be lame but all 3 of us can make it fun
We finally have warm weather here in CA! Perfect riding weather. Did you do any riding this past Father's Day weekend?
my big girl corporate job in Covington I'm trying like hell to get.
No such thing!
#cache has been found and tickets have been picked up!! Congrats to the one who found these!! Have a great time at the concert!!
Yes! We are wrapping up details with the artist today in order to start printing. It is going to be really, really cool.
You Know Your Getting Old When The gleam in my eye is from the sun hitting my bifocals.
A streak is a streak.
I always feel compelled to agree with anyone who tells me they're 'big money' Id also love to see 's passport photo
just drove past a house with christmas lights on!
Spending the night inside reading Huck Finn.
I can't believe I can still use my garden Rosemary to cook Christmas Dinner! Here's to the hardy herb!
Community. Specifically Annie's boobs RT : What TV show would you like to live in?
If I had to name 1 culprit, it's govt insurance.Creates "moral hazard," encouraging reckless decisions by banks & depositors.
I will bring the breakfast if you supply the bed
All choices lead you somewhere, but its the BOLD choices that take you where you’re supposed to be.
Our FCA lacrosse team has had some success with our page. We used a group called C3: Creating Connections Consulting, LLC
Yeah , DM me her #
Sucks I missed you guys... again. See you soon, I hope!!
ohh i was like ohh man he was a cute one ahahahaha !!:P
These about to be the longest five minutes, but go grizz
I'm a new principal at Iowa Connections Academy. Pleased to add you to my PLN. Recommended by
we can do something In order to do stuff the company either pays a small amount for us to advertise and promote its own nite
Yakuza Moon -- I like the way it's been translated. RT : Good morning! What did you read this weekend?
My boss chose lunch. So I didn't have much choice.
Damn. I thought I was So much TOUGHER and could take it, but come to find out I am a lot weaker than what was projected
. got a refund bc someone lied on the pizza tracker. He wasn't even mad, but very nice.
Who wants some stickers!?
sorry for your loss. Thinking about you!
Music tonight (Wed., April 25) 8 p.m.: Hurricane Howie, New Orleans Piano
mmmhmm. That's very convincing. (I only knew plastic, too. But I try to avoid moving things.)
Wow. GREAT game tonight!
although today im dressed like a bum
Awesome! Let us know if you have any questions.. can't wait to hear about your Minelabbing adventures!
oh. ya. guess thats why I saw your tweet. still trying to figure this twitter out. :) thanks again!
This is a SIGN! The apocalyptic synergy of unintentional anchors coordinated colors...VERY SCARY!!!!
Cockburn: When a family rents a movie it doesn't get a Zambian movie. It gets anything with Nicholas Cage in it. anything. even the rock.
Gossip Girl...OMFG storytelling
Is that code for I'm going to masturbate?? LOL RT : I think I may go have a solo sushi date...
Naw. Hit it hard. Swim through the dragons. Crush whities. Do some tv and radio interviews. Brush off sleepy eye. Beast it.
Thanks Kevin!
how about you come here and bring me some coffee
life don't lie..., but your emotions will
You might not want to specify that you're looking to hire a young person. Age discrimination, much? It's illegal & regressive
Congrats on your new business venture that's amazing! :)
Every time we hear Radiohead, we want beer.
this damn car ride is taking forever im 75 miles away from Daytona Beach
We should catch up after work sometime. I'd DM you so as to not plan in public but apparently that's not an option.
Hello #blogchat gang
Thanks for a great staycation this weekend!
and so starts the STORM OF THE CENTURY!!!!! The Cow will be open!! Come warm your little hoofs here with a nice Irish Coffee! Giddy Up
getting ready to start prepping auditions for EST's Marathon Festival. Woo-hoo!
hey now
Nice try, NY.. But u dont know baller house. When i see GA bottle service, we can talk. Theres a reason y LeBron took his talents elsewhere
I need to study..
watchin X-Men Origins. know I'm late. ok movie. But why is this Angel dressed like this? Other heros get decent outfits, but the brown girl?
#DanceAudition out<U+FB01>t: No baggy clothes please! Show clean lines. Dudes, sorry but you need a dance belt.
Looking forward to 150 students volunteering for Hunger Clean-Up tomorrow morning at our warehouse!
boring boring
Happy Saturn-Day!
lack of cummincation /:
I wish I was going to see te avengers at 12:01 :p
Waiting for better can make you bitter ladies.
Amazing idea Cosplay fashion with Joan Rivers! "is the princess Peach or is that Burtto?" lmao
It is 6:54 pm on Sydney, no wonder I'm still up...hi everyone there. Love ya
yo I'm ready to see you guys in Austin? do you guys have a time and venue yet?
I need something to just chill me out and make me happy....
YAY!! Go Pats!!
: I still can't believe we were so close! How was the show!?
damn when you get off
Nana's visitation tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
you're a dork!
810: You're gorgeous! Tweet me more(:
Show was a real inspiration. Love the sell outs! Wonder if #FashionStar could be a blueprint 4 music production show?? :-)
The always interesting crowd had a few #UFC fighters on St. Patty's Day, our 200th performance...The Giants Bart Oates in the house tonight.
What a great day, preparing for a week of phone conversations about how to drop the expensive cost of Findlaw or Lexus but keeping great SEO
boy please lol
I lived in the valley during the Northridge quake. Never living in CA again. :x
Also got a Mocha from Costa. Not the same without and :(
Sorry, there may be a few Star Trek tweets heading your way this evening. Can't help myself--love this movie!
hearing far east movement songs! haven't heard their songs for a while ^_^ still love them! <3
The Traveling Guardian Angel Program can help your sports travel program at no COST to school/academies.Contact us Now for more information
aww ash thank you so much!! love you too!!
no subway and wanna get me some? lol
Idk who he is
has been gaining a thousand followers the passed 3 days everyday. we cant stop now!!
I want to thank everyone for their support.
:-) SO True! RT U can tell how out of shape Americans r by our protesters. They used 2 march & now they occupy. Jimmy Kimmel
#LOHANTHONYfollowme please xo
I'm not gonna push you to be my friend and I'm not gonna make you like me. I don't do that.
ohh how was it ? mine was on wednesday for foodtec 2 hours long! my bum was numb and i was craving Mcdonalds!
Clear for iPhone "Heat map for productivity"
amazing job on #Sab tonight. it will forever be my fav show and your terrific in it. the whole cast is. love it
3, as tipped at Google IO in May; Google CEO shows off Gingerbread on Nexus S
You're welcome Laura! :) Hope you have a wonderful weekend, any good plans?
Review bond document for a 5 million dollar waste water transaction and wondering about the state of tribal finance?
High achievement is the goal today
Chasing foreign cars around town w/ an Alexa plus. Not a bad day to spend the afternoon.
You might run into David Copley there.
I just gets no love. Siigghhh
got the #newtwitter finally!
told you them niggas wasn't getting any hours!!!!!! What days& times
Coffee and shortbread. Feel like I'm back on the train to Edinburgh (if it were run by the Girl Scouts of America)
lmao was that funny?
I have a meeting for potential career change! Only for the day!
Will do it!!!!! send me the details if you don't mind.
No ticket to #ObamaAtGU? Do yourself a favor and buy a ticket to Spring Sing instead! /yd
What!! Losing followers.. Not cool, bro.
Kobe won ... Now he get a complimentary one free rape card lol
ha yah how u been I ain't talked to you Ina while
miss you already! I'm jealous Disneyland ! Wtf
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows pt 2. As if the deal couldn't get any better, it plays Mon-Thur for ONE DOLLAR! Each day 6:30
Just finished rdg A Monster Calls by Ness. Painful and hopeful.
when movies set expectations like that and meet them, the future bar is set way high.
This shit is #Killing me
Blogging Tip: Publish lists on "what not to do". This type of content appeals to a wider audience.
Just arrived in Boston, relaxing, eating some food and then rocking the f@?& out with and at 939!
my day as been fine urs? and that wasnt that random
Kind, cute, loving
What up sleeping till 1. I'm no bum, I had to bus tables on the busiest day of the year for restaurants last night soo.. #validexcuse LOL
Will be. I think it's spring break, though. Lots of transplants here as well.
Congrats to all of our faculty who presented at last week's conference in Long Beach!
We have the venue and our main speaker (shark from Shark Tank) on top of 4 other self made millionars ready to help!!Looking for sponsors
I didn't know a fridge could sign a marriage certificate?
haha he is old as shit, old premier league stars play in MLS cuz they are not good enough anymore
u don't even follow me back why?
#BoredCure 5: Write a book on your phone/iPod.
Thanks blair!(:
i'm goin to that lil wayne concert tonight at 7:30
Meow to that! High paw!
what happend to your phone
Thank you for your love, energy and support! We will make TDBFF live forever, Dont forget to like our fB page for a chance to win.
are you going to call?
Mike Carp, Mike Trout, and Tim Salmon; A school of outfielders they would make.
Hey (: I haven't tweeted you in a decade!
Bruins scored on give away 2-2.
Solid showing at kickball tonight. Now to check a few dozen things off my to-do list before gets home tomorrow.
I haven't txted anyone today ..
We are closed tonight due to a private party. You can enjoy our delightful food tomorrow.
let's link when the tour hits Daygo
we're waiting to hear more from dsm register around 4
Turned on my bluetooth speakers and took a while to figure out which of my iOS/OSX devices it paired with.
#ReplaceAvengedSevenfoldSongsWithDick God Hates Dick
I'm not gonna change for you.
you arent real
Where is Michelle?
After hearing his eulogy at Whitney Houston's service, I fear we've misjudged Kevin Costner all these years.
the baby is growing fast and we are all adjusting. Looking forward to the holiday! Good to here from you! Hows your clan?
I HATE waiting-_____-
I think Wayne Rooney is gonna cry
What a beautiful Mother's Day! Wishing everyone the same!! Life is GOOD!
Massive congrats on the great week with So stoked for you guys!
You guys went and saw it im going later today!
I hope you're having the most wonderful day! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
participation in comm is diff from those on soc network. 90-9-1 although imprecise, it's a rule of thumb
Just remembered Tom Kocken making a joke about being a rich Xavier parent while pouring a $40 bottle of booze down the drain Thursday night.
when you don't know what you did wrong <<<<<
haha i listened to it yesterday
I don't think she even finished that race...she wrecked her car! #chicksaregreatatcooking jk
Hope you're both enjoying the day! Hugs.
Really? I just changed mine Tuesday and it updated after an hour!?
Moffitt Cancer Center Supports Personalized Medicine With Oracle Health Sciences Technology
Using an overdrive gear on the highway reduces engine speed, saving both fuel and engine wear.
Geeze what a collapse...I guess thats why there are 3 phases to the game.
What are we doing today??
Huge get for in Have new go-to guy for last-minute pregame news.
If you don't want to work, you have to work to earn enough money so that you won't have to work. -Ogden Nash
The best part about working until 9:15 is getting on the bus with all the patrons.
i'm a secret writer. (in spanish) that's why I keep it anonymously. I don't have the pancreas for critics. :d
Back to reality. Had a blast filming in sunny Florida for a week. Go Hoosiers!
I guess lightning would never strike twi..er..three times? Or four or five or six?
Watching #TheClock Every time I find myself getting lost in it I'm promptly reminded how much time has passed.
Hi Lisa!
I hate music that has NO lyrical content.. ugh
Done with all of my classes. Just two more papers and I'm free!
Confidence means always being a first rate version of yourself instead of a second rate version of somebody else!
Follow her! RT OH NO!! I have 666 followers. In other news, I'm listening to Iron Maiden's "The Number of the Beast" this morning.
Great day to be a Milwaukeean! Beautiful day for a scenic run through the Parks!
When replied to me earlier that made my day :)
The heater actually kicked on this morning. Now THIS feels like winter! Well, late fall really. LOL BUT NICE.
And the next American Idol is... !
Oh no! It's almost champagne o'clock and I'm all out!
Should I do the Cinnamon challenge? And I'll record it ?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I know she told me :)
Dammit i cant make it
OK the high rise thingy on Alvar... Am I crazy or is there a crane from the truck yard below suspiciously close to a hole in the railing?
The greatest motivational act one person can do for another is to listen.
hi :D
Loudest I've heard the Garden all year. Or last year. Deafening in here.
Slowly but surely it`s coming together...
Prayers with the people of Texas.How are you all?
Awful way to begin the morning. Dumb circumstances.
Haha. When your mom was telling y'all to stop making me sing and assumed I had practiced over 100 times. I was laughing so hard!
Hi new folks! It's nice to have you!!
": You don't practice until you do it right, you practice until you can't do it wrong."I Like That!
haha, true. I just wish they would try something to mix it up. Or bring Peralta to try & start/Estrada back to bullpen
the Trip is also really good... Though more about restaurants than cooking.
It darn well should!
what the Vadge x
Thanks! We like to think so too!! Have a safe trip and a great holiday weekend.
Yes. If you're still upset in the morning you can change it.
World just shrank by 1%. Sending Leapfrog Press galleys to .
I'm not convinced. I think "skinny" is just a euphemism for "flat-chested."
wow...“: Senators score at 9:36 of the 1st period. Eric Karlsson with his 13th goal of the season. #Caps trail 1-0. #CapsSens”
hey you =]
Ah, break-up! How we loathe/love you! Time to clean exhibits, order rack cards, merch, prep for Northern Lights questions.
About to run routes against #Eagles rookie safety at univ football field, this should be fun!
Office Depot is losing points in my book get it together...
My new if it says "Black Friday" spam rule is getting a workout.
Hmm well now that is a good question. Let me ponder... : Is it theatre or a rock show?
Media, could we stop with all the orientalist Asian puns/name games?
Substance Abuse Affects Millions, Costs Billions
's bestfriend tripped up the stairs lmfao that shit made me drop my fruit loops !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
why do you wear Nike shirts that say "stay fly"?
sounds like you did well! Nice gift, beautiful colors, & I am hearing good things about tinted moisturizer. May have to try it
Wtf pirates. You suck
S/O to my new three new followers !
inspired to study silent gesture & expression. think i'll devote 1 day to hands, mouth, gaze... what else?
Turn on your spotlight! Pearescope just got some serious upgrades!
When sending your pitches, don't be passive, have confidence!
RT : God is never going to shut down your destiny. He will only add responsibilities to not block you but to curtail you.
Fitness Tip: Six Pack Abs - Abdominal muscles are a common goal in the fitness industry. Here's a news flash: almost everyone has...
If I have to stay home&clean,I'm cleaning my room to make it look cool&pretty,not the messes I didn't make around the rest of the house.
Who is ready for SPRING BREAK? We are getting prepared now for the biggest week of the year :)
I've never seen Nails :(
that is why they call this the shark tank and not the bank.
Talked with and Rebecca Nelson re "Caris' Peace" & great reax at #CIFF. Ross in NY Sun for film event/chat at Rubin Mus w
A woman will buy anything she thinks the store is losing money on.
Take yur index finger and yur thumb and lightly grip the base of yur tail
welcome to twitter! I will be at #Diplomate 30 min early to answer any social media questions you have
RT if your not followed by AND it would mean the world if he did :)
More deflection, Tell me you understand that "tyranny of the majority" doesn't mean you support "tyranny"
great! yes, those are the files to edit to implement your own version of a title generator. have fun!
NICE! “: Too many people at the casino. I'll walk back over at 6 AM when all the amateurs have lost their cash.”
Looking good! “: No more Eggs! got the logo posted -now just to make it smaller”
If you are just their ANYTHING, why are you making them your EVERYTHING? You deserve better.
A bully can use the internet or phone to #bully you. Just because it is not in person does not make it any easier.
thanks for coming over for dinner. So happy to share a meal with those we love the most!
haha yeah well acually they are probably coming in september... :)
Don't let anyone tell you can't do anything - great line from at
thanks! Will do
So I'm did Justin and Selena break up?..
Twinkle, twinkle little whore, close your legs, they're not a door.
hey well im bored
Ouch " Close Love Mike Sherman, but is taking his advice on draft day the right move?"
The good news folks is that "GOD' never consults your past to decide your future. If you need a friend seek him.
Is #Boehner darker than our black president?
oh! I had your faux-guac idea standby, but fattiness of the pork balanced out the spice. Going to try that sometime tho!
HAPPY FATHERS DAY TO ALL YOU DADS OUT THERE!(:
You guys have a birthday party every month? Weird.
I think festivals are a great tool to market your film worldwide especially for Indie filmmakers
I forgot my ^ka on my tweet this morning - lol!!!
you were hacked. probably be a good idea to change your password. (there are some bad folk on here too)
hah of course :D No problem!
I have some of these apps & downloaded others yesterday. Dropbox & Hootsuite a must. New to Statigram & evernote.
do it!
Goodbye .... For now I hope
Might not be too late, getting ready to talk to some Maple Grove students. Prom is tomorrow. I'll see what I can do for you.
Can Black's really support Black without expecting a "Hook Up"? Can we circulate our dollar TEN TIMES within our community? Your thoughts!
Jealous- she's lovely!
thanks for the information !!!!!
great, you?
I can't wait to go to college.
THIS WEEK HAS BEEN THE BEST WEEK OF MY ENTIRE YEAR SO FAR! GOOD MORNING TWEETER'S!! :-D
keep me posted, had to leave at the end of the 2nd.
We're conditioning the release of your song on your attendance.... otherwise Michael T gets to see it first.
the NBA
that's Balentimes
nigga you aint have the 50 cents <U+2639>thats crazy you can't give me a couple thousands & you'll have a mill damn G
Happy Valentine's Day! Show yourself some love: get tested.
haha oh I think I do
Boss call! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
awesome. Can you make a stop in Peotone?
lol when one of us wins we all win!
How thin/young ought you be to wear those ubiquitous neon pink/turquoise/orange jeans of the season?
I'm already betting I have the coolest outfit there.
Just got transfered from a flight to American airlines and I now have a whole new appreciation for how nice deltas planes are
About 30 more min until #SugerRush is released! Head over to www.facebook.com/goodluckjane to hear it!
you better bring it lol
Edit Novel Info, under where you type in word count there's a little line of text: I'm ready to validate my novel. Click it!
Thanks for the tweet!
Sooner or later you get tired of chasing & begin replacing. " Get right or get left. "<3
"Kind and Gentle" as Ben describes Kacie. So long Sister! He describes Courtney as sexy
Buy your tickets for now! Looking forward to the learn-a-did!
I didn't realize until now how much comic reading I did as a kid. I spent hours with Garfield.
SEM TALK ON FRIDAY.
: SouthernSun is chill and rockin as always! The new "hop vivant" is awesome and the cali valley ain't bad either.
and you're a richer, more beautiful person because of it. Enjoy.
I love that song.
new pic ivery very cool! You are all legs miss Ari! :D
sorry I missed your note about coming here. I hope you had a good time in Mpls!
Thanks for the
I think I'm over the whole yolo late nights.
Watching 'Sleepers' right now.... Great movie! Be back after these msgs.
WhoisTrevor.com Check this out!
Yuk to both.. Lactose intolerant.. Lol RT : but chocolate milk is delicious
A stockbroker urged me to buy a stock that would triple its value every year. I told him, At my age, I don't even buy green bananas.
haha it's all good, doesn't the game start in like 3 minutes?
RT Since & moved to town, the Rangers went to World Series and the Mavericks won NBA Championship.
I think I followed everyone back! Lemme know if I forgot you <3
wass good son
Scratch that...show starts at 10!
proud of the legend that stormed the field today
fuck this move im going to cry bye
hahha wow lots of smiling and it was fun and my night is pretty good im really tired though lol hbu?
Concerns over privacy issues with personal air quality sensors that also log individual location.
you are, told a girl you need her, and you just got out of a relationship
what did you win
Just made wubbzy's rock star smoothie from the nick Jr website....it was really good!
I don't want to let go of our memories.
can't wait to get my china cabinet and other mid century goodies back home! Also, mama mathews is the sweetest!
Why is it that when we talk you make me smile :)
stinks that on national physics day, I am giving a state test on biology, chemistry, physics, earth, & space science.
yea I understand you.
ME TOO. i was late to my starbucks interview because of the freaking parade. what?
#20thingsaboutme ; I miss having a guy bestfriend. one who will always be there. one which texts me "goodmorning beautiful" every morning.
"We look for love, chasing the ones that will leave us bleeding."
You know we fly delta. Tryin to find the coach section boy I can't help ya.
Ultimate Aloe® Juice - Strawberry Kiwi Flavor - a healthy digestive tract is important to the overall health of the body...
Excited to see what developers hack up this weekend at HAPI Hack w/
My dad has done 5 things to make me mad in the past hour.
pitch is awful.
u should've rocked the red blazer too haha
Joh 1:17 For the Law came through Moses, but grace and truth came through Jesus Christ.
Wenger should have let you play in Cesc position. He lost the match. You should think about leaving to win something
Yeah, I won't either. But it's OK...we'll see each other soon!
Gene Kelly looks at the screen while hitting on Debbie Reynolds, its rather disconcerting
What do fish say when they hit a concrete wall? Dam!
I love dev communication by gists and jsfiddles!
congratulations! what is the link to the book in iTunes Store?
": pissed in the dark >pulled beer from cooler=pretty diverse night in the wilderness". Can't be too wild, u still have cell
Help! When u grocery shop, do u plan based on meals or items(&decide what to cook later)
gonna make day by bringing her a frosty on the way from lunch
Be skeptical, never cynical. Seek to discover, not to reject.
Quite correct... love you btw! :-)
De-essing right now...damn my sibilance.
Well I finally got the new twitter!
I love the feeling after you get done working out! #feelinggood :)
I attended an LIA Executive Breakfast with Mayor Bloomberg. We all agree NYS must pass reforms to protect taxpayers.
Back in Jr High, whilst trudging through the rain in a polyester suit and oversized hat, I decided that marching band wasn't my thing.
Silly in love young girls, smh poor things
you're welcome!
Loving the red carpet looks! Who's your favorite?
lunch and the beach with Huey and Stacey!
you can but might be busy at bix office. Also if you go to ticketmaster and enter code Power88 u can get 25% off
a great positive hip hop record.
I hit you yesterday because you made me cry
so do I. Oh, you meant your hair. nvm
Silk Pure Almond Dark Chocolate is so good! Reminds me of Yoohoo! But healthy.
I wish someone was here to tell me if my outfit was okay or not.
check out the IU/EKU game
y i look better than him wat does tony have that i dont
Since my team failed miserably.. I will go with the ravens for the afc game today!
Well that banh mi easily rivaled any that I've had in DC.
n­n­nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnmnnnn­n RT if you can find the M
Oh yeah...we're headed to Spain.
Dude I know!!! That would have been fun..there are more games!! TEXAS!!
#GreyGooseCherryNoir <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> gotta try it.
ahahahaha own it!
I wish my scarf was a sweater.
Happy 2012 Everyone!!!
i'd never get a female dog...to me all dogs are male...so i'd call it he anyways, so may as well get a male dog...
Afghans knew Obama was coming because all women were locked up prior to arrival of Secret Service. (It's a joke, son)
Bynum = Best Center in the game.
wake up! Homework time!
ok I will follow her
Thanks! Also, I missed seeing you at COSUGI this year.
I love all you guys a lot!:)
is there even anyone else i could go to? i dont think so. ): my mom, my dad, alot of people r doubting me. ):
I could #allthesushi soon.
On the road again...
Ready af for summer get off babpets june 4 gonna be blowed out in those few weeks of summer school lmao
The Queen's magic mirror says that this Valentine's Day, YOU'RE the fairest of them all! Now move along; he has a date with a bay window.
TYVM for the mention!
Celebrating #SouthAfrica's #FreedomDay (commemorating the 1st post-apartheid elections held on April 27, 1994) with a
Amazing show last night with Kylie Minogue....before I forget!
Too tired to drive home:(
at least we have each other.
Jay Z taught me that my shoulders are fucking filthy and i need to clean that shit up!! :D
I think going to a concert is long overdue..........can't wait for the tour to start!!!
what better way to watch #BiggestLoser than on the treadmill
Can I come play with you guys?
I just want to get home.
Aw you know. Just some wackadoo building near Columbus' Wack skyline right? SMH. Still tight about that comment...lol
Im done with him. What is it 6 years? He sucks.
happens to me all the time
I wonder if he bets on himself
Interesting that Ersan is 2nd in the league in 3 point %. Watched over 50 games this year and had no clue he was even in the top 10.
ok fine we won't talk about mine -__-
Jammin to the new album "Young Love" - so fresh.
Remember to write down everything u eat and drink to keep up with your calories. U may be surprised when u see it on paper.
Oh, dear God, I have to watch this.
#dontgiveupdontevergiveup Scars signify your battle, be proud you're strong enough to keep going.
Hi! Might you like to join us May 5/6 for our annual Spring Plant Sale? 400-500 ppl expected. DM if interested!
It's weird how personally hurt I get when I notice I lose followers.
not sure
Thanks for all your encouragement and support through this. I can't describe how much I appreciate it.
For sappy magic try "Practical Magic"
soup on the stove, veggie turkey meat loaf in the oven moscow mule in hand. perfect end to the weekend.
What? No love for Dwight Howard Johnson's "Stat of Today!"
The things I'd do to be out on the lake right now...
Walk in the park with Momma (:
U r about to embark on an adventure that will result in closer relationship w God. It will be a ride that u will never forget.
tonight: the night mac hit up cudi... there's hope for a collab,
please stop hating on and being rude to its not necessary&its just making you look like an ass
Just found out what Okami means... nice! :)
by the way, let me know how I can assist with your program. Any way I can help or give back, I'm in.
petty, Springsteen, beach boys VS holograms of dead people. Is there really much difference?
Be prepared & plan ahead, being short on time can lead to very unhealthy eating patterns.
I'm a human, yes I have flaws no I'm not perfect.
Plz shoot me an email at Jockey & let's discuss your underwear need, Susan!
She earned the right to be a diva.
you already know...though
I look up to your band, i wanna be like you, Harry, Liam, Louis or Niall. Your music is amazing, xD
while cowardly, it is often the only way in these crazy, overly public times of ours.
I feel the same way
Trust your intuition.
Great morning guys !!!! I'm off 4 the photo shoot ...and then 2 start another awesome weekend !!!
Works for me!
Wow, Rinaldo just absolutely wrecked Volchenkov. Looked clean on first replay.
In Cahoots was crazy awesome. Danced and drank for hours with the best friends!
is getting ready for my photoshoot-- gotta look great luckily I feel great after getting a good nights rest.
I crashed my street bike going 160 mph & was dragged for 170 ft when I was 17.
I WILL REAL SOON!! THAT WAS THE BEST ICE CREAM EVA
I never said he was a pimp. I just posted that cause he says pimp a good 1,000 times a day.
hooray! We're glad you enjoyed
I find the fact that two random dudes have said Happy Mother's day to me a little strange. I'm not a mom! Or am I. O.O
Found you on uppers. I love NOLA, too. Had to follow you then!
It was just one Little thing, calm down.
And um....Meagan Good's body is AMAZING!!!! #GodBlessHer :)
Delta upgraded me to first class again! Thanks Japan! =)
Well on behalf of white people, thanks for being an ambassador.
I always follow back, I just wait for the haters to drop off. If you follow me, I will follow you, retweet you, and favorite your posts, ONE
buy the ticket take the ride. mahalo
I need real niggas around me and nothing less because niggas be out here sneak dissing
yay for the 88 crew! I was born in 88 as well!
Bobby Brown's car was shot up this day in 1995. His sister's fiance was killed. I'm thinking Bobby was the target.
What is flip cup?
okay, well maybe next time. Neither myself nor Emily are old enough to buy alcohol. We aren't staying for long anyways.
SKY LOUNGE! Our Nightly drink special are $3 AMF, $3 Coronitas, More Will be Available at the Bar. RSVP For Friday (602)229-1110
8.4" of snow so far this year... usually we'd have 18" by now. Wow!
wonderful how are you and the boys?
Congrats to our VP of Accounting for reaching his 30 year milestone with the company!!!!
Well excuse me. That's whats up. I am going to make me breakfast. You have inspired me. lol. And I am going to make a plan to
The Tenn-Share website is currently down. We are working to resolve the problem. We apologize for the inconvenience.
Why are teenagers so loud? And they get even louder when cussing. I wish they came with volume controls.
how was it?
yay? Could it be!?!?
aw your background pic is absolutely adorable :) you two are precious!
Still feeling ick. think it's my cold making me feel so badly.
in case my last post was unclear: what i meant was...
Listen to music RT : What do you do when you have bad days ?
I'm having a #community twitter party tonight. Which is me, ignoring Twitter while I watch
ANOTHER explosion in Roslindale?
Oops...rain didn't let up. It was just catching it's breath. Fire in Gallatin...fire dept. can't get to it. 2nd one this morning.
All it took for me to be a temporary Pats fan was a homophobic, misogynist quarterback. Poor, defenseless persecuted Tebow.
Ironically, this will be the first Christmas in years that I'm not spending in Costa RIca. Potential tropical meetup fail.
which model? Does it have the solar roof??
Nova is dealing, let's go Yanks!
Cool.... I wish you much luck with that! How long do you have left to go?
Haha I guess I won't bother then. Sigh. RT : New G+ iPhone app still sucks.
you should follow me, again. :)
I wish during sports broadcasts that they would let us into the timeouts more so we can hear some strategy and adjustments.
SHOUT OUT TO YOU GUYS! FOLLOW EACH OTHER TO GAIN!
Happy Pi Day !
Buying Gloves in the Time of Cholera
hmm... sounds messy. I could eat that.
if your like that ill still love you
Big leadership from the President today! US challenges China on rare earth materials embargo at the WTO! - JDG
hahaha ur welcome!! Xoxo! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> follow back? It would make my day!
Could totally see that coming.
Wendell Berry NEH 2012 Jefferson lecture "we do not have to live as if we are alone."
Riding the 22 Clark bus with the Fourth Doctor.
oh sweet! I have a client in Marin :) I'm planning on San Diego in July. My boyfriend is stationed there for another year.
so are you going to take it? :P
Been at work for over an hour and my computer STILL hasn't turned on. I miss having in-house IT peeps :(
#HowToAnnoyYourServer get mad at me when we don't have any decaf green tea.
I need your input! LEBRON ELITE HOME OR AWAY or KOBE ELITE HOME OR AWAY? I can only have one!
Woah, LA Casting just did a major upgrade on talent resume side ...I think I like it.
Good morning! What are your #goals? #weightloss #toneup #moreenergy let me help you!!
Look out world im judging you right now
Got off work early! Headed to gym, If I had to drive in rush hour everyday I would catch a charge. People can't drive for shit!
would you follow us back please?
#BnBWed The morning after: awake, no hangover, sore throat from shouting, sore knees from dancing, ravenously hungry!
congrats! I wish I had the time to attend.
Friday, June 24th 11pm-2am DISH will hosts DJ MOSES w/$5 Grey Goose ALL NITE! Bottle Service Avail: $200 Grey Goose, $175 UV Don't Be TARDY!
Keep my goddamn name out your mouth.
N AARDVARK
Ha..... CTFU!! he told her he just tryna get ah Nut!!!
A man can be happy with any woman as long as he doesn't love her.
hate may be too strong of a word, but they are not buddies.
Practice makes perfect.
I love airplanes that aren't jam packed.
'No, Mom. What's Maximum PC?'
... like hashbrowns... Good, just not like pancakes. Enjoyed steak, can't place seasoning, but cooked well!
Finished designing the custom pages for the Global Elements Fan page.
Just sat here trying to screw the cap back on the bottle until I realized I was going the wrong way...
Hey what's up
Just ate lunch at Los Gallos now off to Monster Jam and Thunder Nationals!! Great extension for my bday
Working with and a bunch of non-Twitterers (old farts) at the 515 today. Tracking some sweet jams for Nikki Fernandez!
Nice night to myself, resting from weights, ready to get back at it tomorrow. Gettin hyped for the wedding
Um when did winter come back?!?!
Goodnight everyone... Another day of content creation for www.MarketingBum.com Follow for the latest information
The loudest nigga that brags that he has money and all is usually the nigga that be frontin
or go down
Southern Univ ROTC named after my dad Col.Gaiter a #Veterans he served in 3 wars watch
so excited about purchasing my Boom Pack on friday...day with AJ, cant wait! Lets work it out!
Not much. Finished up production on the album. Then went to go visit and but they were out.
The Puritan hated bear-baiting, not because it gave pain to the bear, but because it gave pleasure to the spectators.
Boys who wear snapbacks..
Sounds great! Now u make me hungry, ENJOY!
Vote for anyone today.. participation in the democratic process is important .. but especially support and !
$lulu why doesn't Kaminsky of CNBC just apologize for slamming lulu when it was 40, saying "it will be really ugly"
Gahhh how did I not know was on twitter?! His weekend update days rival Amy & Tina's duets.
Been retweeted by more than once :D #lifemade #weller now if only i could convince them to be my prom date(s) ;)
RT : Justice without force is powerless; force without justice is tyrannical. ~ Blaise Pascal
No problem! Hopefully people make it in but we want to make sure people are traveling safe.
Appreciate the weather tease, if only to be re-united with outdoors #running :)
ya you'll definitely never see em again
BOW! It really is Ahaha jeez it's been awhile since we talked, we most definitely gotta get caught up on life!
Do you have vision?
True it's a vicious cycle
OMG I just died!!!!!!! Carly Rae Jepsen is performing at the Billboard Awards Sunday
Your 13 and you lost the ' love of your life'?
I don't own a car for
I love dancing. I think it's better to dance than to march through life
Nokia Lumia 900 is pretty sweet. Can't believe I'd say this.
look idk u bhlood aint tryin 2 but that monkey mouth bitxh as u say is my sister now here I run hunnaz so leave my sis out it
I bet we could twist his arm... We could host it at UCLA and make it a party
Winner of the room & VIP table for tomorrow is .....!! Congrats! Please reply to confirm
yes it does im so gonna get on girls gone wild!!!! lol is that even still around
oh bill. . .talk about tore up inside.
Am wondering if u r getting socmedia ques or comments re Trayvon Martin? R other museums? Do museums have a voice here?
NBA is back yo
Another suicide squeeze. Nice!
We have two computer classes today, both in Spanish. The first is from 10am-12pm and the second is from 4pm-6pm.
#yes :) #safespace for #TLBG youth in
Haters Gonna Hate Mahomies Gonna Love <3
I remember draft classes based on who I was crushing on. Ray Allen & Marcus Camby's draft class was the best
EVERY year I weigh my love of cheese against my aversion to large crowds and then never end up going.
And now he'll get crushed because it didn't work. Life isn't fair RT Brad Mills is using his closer in a tie game on the road
RAIN, TORNADOES, FLOODING....have a great day....
oh stop the press
What gets us into trouble is not what we don’t know. It’s what we know for sure that just ain’t so.—Mark Twain
Just got this groovy poster in the mail from SCA for California Archives Month, which apparently is October! #SCAswag twitpic.com/6olmpr
Yeah my ex-best friend did that...12 years of BULLSHIT!
Drose is back!!! Go Bulls!!!
Looking at the prices of Gas, I can only think that somewhere around the world, somehow, some misleading statements are behind them all.
Any chance to tape something with you this afternoon on TPC for Yahoo Sports Radio? Please follow and DM if you are available.
looking forward to having you on the team!
haha, classic(x I slept likeababy though (x
I knew twitter got popular when I heard the mourning birds Tweeting instead of chirping
Amen to that sista!
Edit your own novel? Good Grief, that's what editors and copy edit departments are for!
Lot of hand gestures involved - including holding hands over my ears and mock horror - think he left firmly in belief I'm crazy Englishman!
Thoughts like "I am the light of the world" "There is NOTHING my holiness cannot do". THOSE are your REAL thoughts. Use em!
Yep, it's called Xanax. Works like a charm.
Thanks! Here's a virtual hug! O
Was Sunday's Mad Men the prequel to Pulp Fiction?
Next four golden margaritas (full mason jar) come with a cool light up margarita glass
someone text me so i can see if my phone is being stupid
“: It's all about the WAR. RT Anyone?” omg Meg, world peace!
hashtag spoken by Obama just now when contacting Congress on studentloans
-15 laps & 7 ladders, not bad.(:
Keyboard Cat wins the Pulitzer Prize
Thought the ACM's weren't too bad of a show, what did y'all think? Any surprises, bad performances, strange combos, good performances???
Lets go
Now LA will have a new Advent story. I don't think this was how the mayor of Bethlehem handled the situattion.
smh, don't remind me..
In about 6-weeks from here Giles and Joyce have sex. Wouldn't know it from this scene.
St. John's is red, Georgetown is blue, we're good at basketball, and that's why we beat you!
Left my allergy medicine in Louisville -_-
The only thing I know about rugby is from the old Spellbinders TV show.
Do I listen to the latest -cast now, perhaps improving a bad day, or wait for equally bad commute?
I followed (:
You heard about the brunette with the bruised belly button right??? Turns out blond men aren't that smart either!! LOL!!
Gettin ready for rehearsal with
I thought you were goth? What gives?
Over analyzing every night before bed...
lol im going to watch in a min.
Time to buy a bike! RT: OhioGasPrices.com just sent out a price hike alert. Gas projected to jump to $3.95 - $4.09/gallon.
Ready to end all the venting! Very optimistic! Ready to take on tomorrow!
When did you get funny again. ha ha that was good .
#1 Carpet Cleaner in Metro #Atlanta, Carpet Repair, Upholstery Home & Auto, Mattress Cleaning Call 678-653-5425 KICK OUT THE STAINS!!
I NEED SLEEP.
Thanks! We are really looking forward to this weekend.
The #Orioles need to trade Kevin Gregg. A fresh bucket of baseballs, case of eye-black, Ranch sunflower seeds are all fair market offers.
Have you decided where you're going to watch the game this weekend?
Very impressed by the service and follow up from Duke Health compared with OrthoCarolina. And that's coming from a Wake fan.
Madonna rocks!
Got my Google Wave invite!
In the DIY movement, fan-funded records are the future! No middleman- your project is funded by your fan base & they get to be a part of it!
i hate mondays that remind me that the weekend is over
can i have a cute relationship with someone cute that likes to do cute things?
Thanks dog!
If I ever spent 100k on a Fisker Karma, which is a sexy car, and it burst into flames..I'd be pissed too!
lmao! I ALMOST UPLOADED THAT. amateur hour.
So I'm done saving the Texas Prairie Chicken and have a wool bobble hat to show for it. Bedtime.
guitar lessons!
that only means 1 year and 1 month till i turn 21! :D and legally consume alcohol and do things everyone else has been doing illegally xD
sorry i didnt tweet back i was busy i never followed you but i have a friend who made me this and followed you for me so ya...
Last day of student teaching is close :( I am bringing a scrapbook for my kids to sign. What other memorable things should i do?
RT: : Nothing ended the Dark Ages more than the invention of the printing press, we are seeing similar disruptions and fights now
Too sleepy to relocate myself from the couch to the bed.
The strike first, 1-0! Way to go Bickell.
We *could* start a rumor that you were a Bunny ...
To be more specific: horror titles
thanks! You can download that song off of our Facebook too :)
why is #HappyBirthdayMadsion not trending what the fuck trend
Cannot wait. Think you can go Saturday afternoon?
I think we have been seeing a sanitized image of MSNBC being 'at the protest' in NY. The protesters do not notice. Odd. Unnatural image.
#WhitneyHoustonTributeWasShorterThan rest in peace Whitney
yes! LOVE yoga, how about you?
This music isn't just for us anymore, it's for everyone ... Was always meant for everyone, they just didn't know it was there ....
Before;Now The semicolon stands for the time to pause between a primary career and a retirement career to find new meaning.
Hey! I'm on Kik Messenger. Come chat with me - go to www.kik.com/u/MerlinLovesYou :)
RT : It's my birthday, It's the day I get sushi and cake in one day!
enough sad business... lets laugh ;0
oh goodness, shave it.
I definitely needed this cut before the weekend, my hair was long as sh*t
RT : I am where I am because I believe in all possibilities. -Whoopi Goldberg
Dear Bacon, I sure do love you, you are my favorite ingredient in the world but I can no longer see you. Rip p.s. don't be mad ok sorry
great beer congrats on the gold. Do you guys have a taproom?
Just saw suggestion re January. Lets try for then!
The West Side Open House is tomorrow April 24th at the Grand Lodge from 3pm to 7pm. Lots of vendors, tasters & information to go around!
It's raining here in #Providence, let's call somewhere #tropical! #Bermuda! #CostaRica! #Canada? -
I didn't see him tip his cap to acknowledge the crowd. Did he ?
RT : RT : Coffee, you're not just coffee, you're my friend :)
Bout to get my counseling on and then I'm going to work. Lets get it ;-/
I wish you luck!
definitely drinks or something. Right after these next few weeks settle down!
i swear the person who tweets for knows me from another life. these #virgo tweets are dead on!
Thanks for RT
We have and instagram ! Follow us creator_hxc!
I'm so sorry. You weren't the only. Twitter caught it pretty quick. Hopefully it's been corrected! How does that even happen?
tellin' you that I've had it with you and your career, me and the rest of the family here singing "where'd you go?"
Im on da waiting list.
New and improved Sobie Fabrics online store coming soon
Bringing back the Grapefruit IPA cake for Florida Beer Week!
yup, I'll tell you all about it when we're both online on skype sometimes. How's work? You're always counting down the time lol.
Another great Fenway memory -- going to games 4 and 5 of 1999 ALCS with when Yanks beat the Sox.
Downloads for San Fran Trip: New Beatles Abbey Road and an older Blacks Keys cause it rocks.
Thank you recent followers. We hope to see you at the store soon.
Even w/ mic problems . & sounded great. Rockin' the
Baltimore tune n 2 abc channel 12 or 2...watch n see who will be Popn it...;)
Where are your sunglasses?
no buddy, just no
Yeah, right!
you need someone? I could watch her. Does she like trashy reality TV or movies w/explosions where evry1 dies?
"neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim."
gotta love drais
their god
is right, this is boring
RT if you love One Direction!
not like.. cool Wei stuff. :/
that can be your second job. ;) We need some good social conscience female rappers xoxo
oh wow hahaha, I forgot about that...the whole plan for that night went horribly wrong
Good morning!! Working until noon.
You would love San Diego! Can't beat our weather.
thank you for following me ..
makes sense! how's the planning going? did you set a date?
Super excited :)
No ETA yet.
Despite how the Tebow saga ends...Les Shapiro should never have a job again in Denver. He's as biased as you can be.
she said it seem like i worship sports cuz i talk about it so much lol. i told yall imma be a Analyst one day.
You should follow to learn about her life as a poker widow and mom of 2
<U+2764><U+2764> I made a gifboom for you follow me back please ??
So bummed we missed seeing you last weekend! My lack of planning self strikes again... will I ever learn?
I need to hire a good "cut" man. Rub vaseline on my cuts and stick a q-tip in it. Only the best need apply
You don't know how it feels when the person you fought the hardest for gives you up without a fight.
Being busy does not always mean real work. The object of all work is production or accomplishment and to either of these ends there must be
Awesome day w/ Orioles Wives! O's hardhats, Oriole Bird & Buck Showalter stopped by! Thanks Wives! We're now 1.5 days ahead of schedule!
dont call my sister a hoe! RT: I really want some Girl scout cookies , but those lil hoes only come around once a yr . Fack !
Thanks again for everything. You're a real gem, to say the least....
This new sammy adams shit is quite entertaining
Will they even let you into New York?
Very curious to see how Teague will play tonight. I have a feeling it is going to be evident how much he's grown over the last few weeks
do you have a new url?
haha well thank you :)
Friends to lovers, forever. Lovers to friends, never.
I just wanted you to know I'm looking forward to probably the number one reason is i truly believe in your integrity.
Having your barber open
I'm too busy fuckin with that jeezy. And that waka and French. Holla. Haha
ohh I see && we arent even having our dance anymore only the ceremony on the 29th
I love my mom no matter what we go through, no matter how much we argue, because I know, at the end, she’ll always be there.
why are you not the show today sportsnation i love it i want to see you on tv ??
till what?
All I want to do is close my eyes and float away in the music <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
#4590 nick or Mikey:)
Night class? Lol
I need to talk to you. Same phone number?
hard work, and more hard work. Only the strong survive in this town:).
I think that or something very similar to it is all I need. Wonder if my co-worker who is sharing the program will settle for that.
- first made me aware of that quote. She is my library hero.
“: Anyone in LA trying to by a 1981 Gibson Les Paul Custom? Get at me ASAP : )” might be
Thanks for the mention. It's great to hear you enjoy our food. :) - Bryan
being sick while trying to study for finals is the worst thing ever.
#IfYouKnowMeWell you'd know my crush <3
“: "For strip-mined mountain's majesty above the asphalt plain." ~George Carlin #Quotes #Humor” / I miss George's wit.
huh? Marry who?
Pats and Fins won. Jets and Bills lost. Can it get any better? First place feels good. Did you win fantasy?
I picked random names haha
Well, it's the 1st time we've heard from "W" in 4 years... RT How is George W. Bush's endorsement of Mitt Romney "news"?
Bracket is officially wrecked thanks mizzou
All I gotta say is... FUCK THE LAKERS hahahahahaha
The girls who give the freshman class a bad name..<<<<<<
In the gym & had about 10 people come up & say they were at the game last week. Great feeling, means we've done things for the sport!
Getting a tat of a basketball and you don't even got game?
You have an onion ass,the kind that is so sweet and makes me cry...
Thanks, Shannon! :) Happy Halloween to you, too! :-)
i love you Justin <3
35 years of mediocrity (at best), and recently coming out publicly against a new NBA arena near Safeco has contributed.
it was a great pleasure to meet you as well. Look forward to working together..
#FF Shout outs to Have a good weekend!
your kidding right?
LOL!!!!! Tell them to get to work :-)! How are things going?
I love Chicago.
yep I used to watch that. Still on?
Goodnight tweeters :)
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA> #getbetterGSP RT : It's GSP'S knee.We will sit Carlos to wait .It's looking so far like he could be ready in a couple months.
I would get sick during my vacation time
Who cleans up your home?
Good playing... Too bad you can't play like that when $$ on the line
Agreed. :) It's been to long.
but my way is THE FUTURE OF THE BOOK! Or possibly THE ONLY GOOD WAY TO ENJOY LITERATURE!
Tomorrow's breakfast of champions might be Hershey's Special Dark. :)
The whole world is going 3-D Pretty soon we will need 3d glasses for evrything
Watching Triple Dog on lifetime :)
Things happen in life for a reason. But for what reason may that be???
Rep. Raul Grijalva: Education blockgrant under this #ESEA rewrite will prove ineffective
Shout To Those Now Supporting Good Music.
I hate 2 ply toilet paper !!
I would hit myself in the head with the car door
#pubcampwest How do we balance our unbiased position as journos with encouraging people to vote?
RT "I wish i could erase certain memories."
Lets make it last forever and ever
Yep thats how we do it in art school.
Starting training 4 rocknsole .25 marathon Changes both in level of running & kitchen. Nothing like
damn dude, just lookin at that shit made me yak in muh mouth a lil
About to go to bed, so what if it's only 7?
Sounds good! Srsly, though, website looks great!
About time!! The CDC has some advice about the zombie apocalypse: bit.ly/ikth7k
thanks :D
follow me back please (:
Great discussions today with client on challenges making transition from technical expert to manager; London weather still great
Watch Converge21 service tonight It will be at historic Rock Church and will be powerful!
Yea I didn't see it. It's gonna be y'all and us in the finals
"Super pumped"? Is that Paris Hilton's new catch phrase?
I know! It was on tv so I finally got to see what happened over a year later haha
&#39;Uprising&#39;: Hip-hop and L.A. riots
Sipping 2010 Illumination with lobster spring rolls at Japonais
This girl in my 2nd is so stupid! Haha <U+263A>
Did anyone hear how dumb that bucket analogy was? Thanks TBS.
Trespassing's like a soundtrack to my life. Its so amazing. so I just want to say a huge thank you to everyone who worked on it
Headed to
Words can't describe the sadness we feel today about Michael Jackson, Peace and Blessings to his family and his extended family of fans!
Congrats to , winner of the 1 month membership! Email to claim your prize.
We All Want The Same Thing
when is the and the #Transcendence article coming out???
Gd morning twitter it's another day in 2012 what great and wonderful things will you accomplish today?
All the small things.
Yes, you're right. I'm probably intellectualizing something that doesn't need it. I'm just not comfortable with the idea...
Happy New Years!
ok I'm not going to our class I'm on my way I'll hit you up in a minute
Win! Might try w/ a search for disability justice or activists w/ autism (not to be confused with, like, Autism Speaks.)
We have God to cast down our fear and He is our protector at all times.
if you have any left, I'd an Google + invitation. Thanks
A person's risk for melanoma doubles if he or she has had more than five sunburns at any age
I could really use a wish right now
It's gonna become the norm to have a kid at 16 pretty soon.
you mean it isnt!?
You know when you wake up in a new place expecting to be in the old place? Now I wake up holding the iPad and expect to see a book.
She was born on January 24th of this year. :)
So cute!
#improvisation for recycling, play G#, repeat in a fresh manner.
Good morning, everyone! To God be the glory! I thank you for waking me this morning!
had not seen...yikes! this makes me thankful for c-sections.
Tree Trunks is actually my grandma.
Thank you for a wry tasty brunch earlier!
: I think your review is spot on! Barley wines are becoming a new favorite style for me and New Glarus did it proud! / Thanks!
I don't know nuthin' about no TV shows..I am the TV show damnit!!!
RT : #FF for your support and amiable, informed banter online!
Thanks for helping us spread the word.
We Dont Have To Talk EVERYDAY Please Dont Text Me Every Minute Unless I Give You The "Ok"
I'll be sure to look for that little padlock next to a job haha. But they're okay, I liked the old team better. Shhh
Not yet! Any day now. Due date 11/21. :)
- just read your entry about your health - congrats on all your success!!
J. Moss with crazy worship @ Yesha in Philly! He did his thang! To God be the Glory!
IS JUSTIN BIEBER ONLINE??????? I HOPE HE IS I WISH HE IS 2
"Right-Wing Pundit: Obama May Be Gay" #huffpost Me to right-wing pundit: "you may be an idiot"
The sound is really getting to me, think I might have to mute and go with closed caption soon
thank you for sharing Donald with us. We love him so much!
Well I like coffee and gals, and maybe you need a mascot lol
Good morning and happy Friday! It's raining here in Dallas/Fort Worth. How's the weather in your neighborhood?
Sup dude
I think people will be more upset if they don't get to have sex with Leo.
That guy's an asshole, and that girl's a bitch.
I hate them
We also deem those happy, who from the experience of life, have learned to bear its ills and without descanting on their weight....
Fuels your mental and spiritual being to effectively fuel your physical
woo!!!!! Dont forget to sit by me on the bus tomorrow(: i know some kids from honey grove too!!!
thanks for the prayers my friend I'm getting better everyday thanks to prayers and God!
Why me? Why me?
Like real talk he was 1 of those quality guys back home in Columbus that was very rare to find very very rare.
What a piece a sumn smh
I'm @ a beach in humboldt park with lots of black kids. One of em asked I'd I was a news reporter and another asked if I was famous.
Mr David loves because she golfs!!! xx
MT : Oh the joys living next 2 the airport!!! Planes, planes, n more planes!!! N extra loud noise!! Uuugghh!!
What's the best thing that's happened for you so far today?
Hello Kelly, I would like to ask you about an appearance at one of our events. Please contact me ASAP.
Don't lose a diamond...chasing after rubys
Thank you so much! I really appreciate that!
Refinancing my home in the am. Happy with brunch sales in milwaukee so far.
At distil doing shots since I can't get into dicks
great idea to add URL on there!
Austin really needs to cute me! Goodness, I grow to long, way to fast!
you go girl. your lucky. wish i could get one but he don't care about little ole me.
People are not just sitting back and taking from the learning env They give back. They participate in creating their own stories.
I need a computer to delete this twittah.
Ugh. Why is it so humid out. I'm about to go on my sushi date naked. Hope you don't mind girls.
I'm. So bored.
I'm so tired. Do I have to go to work today? I'm never getting straight off a plane & going into work again. I need a recovery day. Lol
Thank ya! We'll be releasing new songs very soon!
Oh hey I know that little guy! He lives in my back yard.
I'd love to come! What do u think abt inviting libstudents? could advertise.
What a glorious day!God be praised!If ur struggling today,praise God even if you don't feel like it.You'll feel better+JC is always worth it
Parking behind the Capital Grill! Or tweet !
you wonder why i get so angry with you. uhm you dont do anything for me. im only running on bare minimum, just take what i have left..
The post Dearborn homecoming.... Might catch me rockin a mic!!!!
Bitch Mode : Activated
and I getta bump some dub :D
Depressed up the ass. I miss my friends from the cruise. I made unforgettable memories ,and partied like it was 1999. Whatever that means.
you too
damn u sexy can i get that follow back ;)
Congrats ! Selected to demo new interactive video player at this year's 2.0 startup mixer on April 14!
Antitrust laws can be applied retroactively. Makes it hard to give advice to clients
they say we are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain
NO concept of how time flew by today. and just straight up witnessed it.
He's up! Can I call in your services tomorrow, when he will again sleep in and I will again be impatient for my waffles?
You will be contacted by an Inbound Marketing Specialist to review valuable improvements to your website
you have inspired me to make a picture cutout of the First Lady Michelle Obama for our storytelling!!
"The word 'author' comes from the same root as the word 'authentic.' To be authentic is to be the author of our own lives."
Me too! Say hi to See you next weekend!
Helpful RT : Traveling? Tape a card with name/address/phone to personal electronic equip. If left on a plane it’s easier to return.
What people are making decisions for or against you and what impact does that have on your business? -
So much talent to go on a 6 game losing streak RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Mike D’Antoni Has Resigned as Knicks Coach
Tuna, Tuna.
Call me on Monday and we will discuss. I'd like to speak about him as well.
How are you? Lots been happening, was out of town. We need to have a LitFeast reunion
YAY! Enjoy it and wear it with happiness! I am going to get the brown bear half SpiritHood very soon! #gobears!
Haven't seen a dog in a bag in a while.
happy to be back in the bay!!
Me freaking too!! I woke up to go do something in the basement for my grandma and woke up to that in my email from my friend.
I find it adorable how Demi Lovato admitted yesterday that is her celebrity crush, and he said that she is his!
SEC IQs are a joke. That's why there are few impact every down players in NFL from SEC. Most are "specialists". Can't think
Ready to leave.
mines was last week I got the grades back and they were all b's I was close to an a in one class but I cant complain
I'll take you when I'm home!!!
Love the movies but hate the Oscars (as we all do). Do the right thing! Don't watch!! Go out and see a movie instead.
cabin in the woods!
just got one of those oven baked sandwiches from Domino's.......They be rollin!!
How great is this, #Nerdprom on my 'puter on split screen: Twitter and , & on TV. This is the best of three worlds!
makes sense. thanks
lessee, which commands do you mean?
yeah you can milk that for all you want. Feel free to even sell the guitar I taught you on on ebay for bug bucks.
°Aleks° You know the little " ° " are so cute <3
I love
You flatter us. ;) RT: haha sunbelt granola bars is where it is at!
how to break up with someone u dont like !!!! help me
Am I forever doomed to be alone, ugly, and unloved??
I have some remixes on SC and YT if you wouldn't mind to listen. I love the instruments and plug ins you guys have. (:
Being "extremely serviceable" is like being "remarkably unremarkable."
That's good, & exposure to prim. sources inspires historical curiosity. But still important to teach critical thinking.
#LAkerHater ALERT!!!= RT Kobe is a cry baby!!!
If you want things to change in your life, you have to make changes
you know you can sing w/ me whenever. Don't pretend like you can't.
You can't be called stupid if you don't try, right?
Oh that's dangerous!
at least ur honest lol.. Guess we not coo like that to share a pizza :/ :(
Thanks to my friend James & coffee without you I probably wouldn't make it through the day lol
WHERE THEY AT OMG
why has the ACC gotten snubbed by NCAA lately? Marginal Big 10 and Big East have gotten the love but not ACC.
GM Tweetie-pies. Hope your weekend was great, now lets rock this week with great energy & positive thoughts. Be great. #charity,
Please let Rachel be next!
I don't know how HN works but I liked the post you made about broad level skills companies need to get value out of their data.
Thanks for the sign-up, neighbor. Let us know if there's anything we can do to help you!
Matthew 19:26 But Jesus looked at them and said, “With man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible.”
'Our cabins are pressurized to seal in Vegas secrets." You stay classy, Spirit Airlines.
RT : Oh Lord I can't sleep. Too much in my lil mind... whats wrong with u baby
how's it feel to lose a prop bet?
thanks - Edgerank checker is pretty interesting
or cold apple juice.. o my i just banged some right now.. best ever
chillin with my friend :)
is play'n right now ayyyyyy
lmaoo I remember that!
lolololol she's crazy !
Tha Ones You Thought You Could Trustt .Are The Main Ones That Would Jump And Be Tha First One Too Run There Damn Mouth '!
when I'm older and buy my own house im going to write reasons to stay alive all over my bedroom walls
Effective Speaker
I'm fearless cuz I have been afraid I make dark obstacles turn to SHADE if u don't understand ur lost in the Rayz Follow if u understan!!!!!
Ever experienced lucid dreaming? Tell us about it!
Same to you!
Anxieties at bay, I travel home for #GameofThrones, a brief writing session, and the 'you taught my heart to sing' #pandora station.
I must say it was a little startling to be on the swaying 12th floor of a building that normally doesn't move.
it's a cry or help from deep in the rough suburban streets.
nice! Twitter open sourced its SQL enhancements. P.S. do you actually code in R?
haha I guess It did yaya
Your Limbaugh video is great. We'd like to use it on Who's the right person to contact about permission?
#funkyfact The environmentalist President Teddy Roosevelt barred the Christmas Tree from being displayed in the White House.
#ILostMyVirginityTo your mom
Happy Birthday Jesse McCartney <3 Hope you have and awesome birthday! You're such an inspiration! Beautiful Soul is still my
dear kobe fans, every time the Lakers win its because of KOBE. everything the Lakers lose its because of the TEAM. he is no MIKE thank you
football coach happened because there are only 3 men in the building - and i love the game - gave me new/great insight into my boys
Central Cali is crazy HOT!
When I stand b4 God @ the end of my life I would hope I wouldn't have a single bit of talent left & could say:I used everything u gave me
this link isn't working. What's his screen name? And how did you find it?
When I bash Twilight, I do it tongue-in-cheek... ANYTHING that gets kids to read is a positive thing and should be encouraged.
there u go with them false dreams! Ainy happening #Injuries!
Let them eat cake!! ;)
Shop is dead today. It's a good Sports Center day!
Spending this weekend taking pictures of myself for my next 5,000 profile pictures.
your photographer is AWESOME. ;)
thank you<U+E405>
Im fake becouse we ain't chilled yet ? okay .
Anyone in Indy been to Eggshell Bistro in Carmel? Thinking of trying MDay brunch 2mrw??
you're quickly becoming a cat lady.
We will be having a short meeting tonight at 6 PM in MGC 203. Stop by and find out the election results.
So loving Dick Van Dyke!
Who's rooting for my man floyd money may tonight?
Marker Testing. LOL.
we are at whiskey bent tonight at 8 with Tiffany come on down
hot cup of tea!:]
Happy leap day everyone I hope everyone has a good day For the oceans
You have a wonderful weekend!!
Great Oscar night. Yay for fullsail Grad for the win!!!!
Everytime I roll the car window down for my dog, I wonder if he is actually dumb enough to jump out.
Freese was clearly out. I can tell because I have kick ass seats.
RT : predicts ongoing challenges for local govt as a result of state budget
Gasp! Oh no!
do you still have the same number i got like 4 of them with your name
nothing at my bf house wyd
#nowplaying PXY Summer Jam Superstars Chiddy Bang - "Mind Your Manners" - 'cuz they pretty much amazinnnnnn...
Life is split into the hideous and the gloomy.
haha thanks! this is hard.. I feel the urge :p
#dpla global vision: things work together even though they're not the same-Cant think too big; open linked data as solution/interoperability
or on the dating site the date you accepted and it turned out better, but your first impression was to say no
Sorry for late reply. My colleague helped he used fn:count with range expression rather than positional variable to get sequential nums
That is to say, I'm really, REALLY going to miss writing articles about UTSA history. The history is so interesting.
It's like, if someone is tweeting you or texting...they're awake don't ask.
Just finished week 1 day 1 of #C25K with !
right on - DE librarians rock the virtual support!
it's great.
True multitasking uses quantum projection into parallel universes... or going out on a limb and asking for help.
Who is gonna win?
For those who have been waiting, ThePurpleFig now has green cleaning appts available! Book before May 4 and get $15 off your first cleaning
Im right here. :)
Like a kid in a candy store with our new Pilates Stick, thanks so much Kim Paxton
Top shareholder says confident in SNC-Lavalin
Born in Athens but i moved to Cyprus with my family, now working on my first book and soon moving to US
The Artist! Have you seen it? Sounds like 9:30 is the time. I'll let you know if anything changes.
still had church... & ain't even go...
No fixed monthly account feeAnd ways to save every day
oh ok sorry lol and yes I am when y'all r ready
Some reality TV just really scrapes the bottom of society to me. I don't have the mental capacity for it. I never will.
CraftMaster molded interior doors are made from engineered wood to provide beauty & low maintenance at a superior value:...
Congrats!!! Where at?
We're watching Eric Bledsoe break out and Rudy Gay do the opposite (fix in?). Grizzlies are Gasol's team now.
lovely photo!
what's that great bakery up by glendale you love? i need to go there asap :)
That lloyd banks #v6 mixtape coming soon --» Cant wait!!!
Breakfast is served - SKINNY HIGH THIGH -Char-griddled Turkey Sausage, Egg Whites, American Cheese.
First brush with #MW2012 fame: an e-mail from Here I come, San Diego!
Well that was embarrassing.. ... pulling the fire alarm box thingy off
Baeza, stay up . you still got your fans by your side ; we all love you !
50/50 on my type 1 diabetes mellitus case study! Looks like I know what I'm doing after all.
@ Hey Lisa, miss you sweetie! Welcome to Twitter :)
A, was just going back over your tweets from Jan 20 and was sad to find this one…Sad, but contemplative too...
Ac not cooling call, see ya
Even buying street snacks can be a performance!
U #Stole everything from me..
maybe the construction down the hall from me will keep me awake! Bathrooms and a few offices are getting facelifts!
I would absolutely...drop me a line if interested!
Major congrats to on the big move to Marie Claire!
Mahalo for the follow!
WE GOT THIS CAPS! KEEP IT UP!
Friendship and money: oil and water. Mario Puzo
classic walk 2 remember huh
I just unlocked the "First Lesson" badge on !
Last night was wonderful. :) And today is Friday!!
Corsets are surprisingly comfortable
moodle still open source, interested to see where the development goes if service+analytics around open source can over take development
School tomorrow. Why did you remind me? Hawww :(
What are you doing to us, #Milwaukee??? Just when we're getting used to Summer weather, you go and throw us back into early Spring? Ugh.
My sun burn doesn't let me bench.. Every time I come down. My back burns!! This sucka
Enjoying this day! Ash has second city and acting in a play tonight, but today i am off! : )
Happy New Year to all!
another blessed day for us all
Part of healthy eating means switching to organic food whenever possible.
most likely though my decision will be based on the programme. Not sure if I'll submit a proposal.
No one's complaining lol
there's a scarf for every season!!! I bet you would have freaked out about the one I wore in June
Mom- "I should've never told you he (James Franco) was here..."
Don't tweet it! Just do it!
Hey anybody with NoCal/Oregon knowledge -- I'm in Eureka and driving north. Anything I shouldn't miss?
I don't need to manage my anger, I need you to manage not to piss me off.
i miss my ipod. CANT WAIT until my birthdayy
This nigga better call me tonight just so I can hear his sweet voice b4 he leave
Thank you :-)
Working on 2 tours for the summer. 1 south and 1 east. If you have any suggest on club that would dig our stuff DC me. VOo
What is your favorite EWC product? Be sure to click the link to see all of the skincare products we have to offer!
I need a good movie to watch
I did! Thank you!! <U+263A>
Help us create a cool meme for the project!
Your wifey I swear to god she my hoe tonight/
fixed thanks
glad you're keeping busy with that work stuff; keeps you outta trouble... ;-)
Three Amish men were prosecuted for cutting off another Amish man's beard. It's considered to be humiliating.
Think the other way around, future boy.
Hi Jaafar I just wanted to say Hi & i Love You!!! :)
Another day hopefully it's a short 1
Though I don't doubt it was good times, you may still have your actual flower, as a dandelion is a weed.
“: New boyfriend: Mr. Bagel <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> #PortlandGirlProbs” hahaha story of our lives
haha true, sooner the better. From here im honestly not worried about making it, but would like to be playing good ball.
I miss my boyfriend..gahhh I'm such a woman.
beers > lap dance??
America: Get a hobby, will ya?
some times you be look so far & what you really wanted is right under your nose ?
Actually, we have some people down here that give 10 dungs!
Of course! We found the article very helpful. We look forward to the third part of the series. Thx for the RT!
what wit you tony this o
Goodnight My Beautiful Followers! :) <3 ~.~
saw that the other day. Our is better.
This must be a prank with Ravens getting ready to dump crap all over him at the end, like with the blood at the end of Carrie
Itried so many new things there: mint julep, étouffée (ridiculously good), pâté, and oysters! I will go back.
Carried 4 gallons of water home only to stop outside my door and watch a girl puking out the side of a taxi. Bring it, Irene.
Austin has hazel eyes. (: RT if you love his eyes. <U+2665>
Just got done at the pool!!!
To succeed in life and take every opportunity, don't ask why? ask why not?!
Katz says in suppressing the information of an artist's sexuality, we lose the opportunity to discuss the artist's work in its full context
Omfg someone threw a condom at me. Holy Jesus.
ya but they are $10 more
Shoulda gone fish cakes.
yes men
If u create metadata in your institution, u can make it open even if the object is copyrighted. Separate metadata and data
Yep! RT : Would u dye your hair or cut off 8 inches for Vogue? , , , and
youtube Check Out music
The BBC finds that the Financial Services Authority has not used mystery shoppers to protect consumers for a year and a half.
Alright people, enough!!! We are a team in here and the bickering is getting old. Let's get back to fighting the good fight!
- How about a TEA Bagging Party?
I can give Hov, Rhi Rhi, Bey, & other celebs constructive criticism, but I don't hate or just be a flat out racist like that NY Post writer.
Topic on "The Five": Return Rushmore? || I don't know, did we save the receipt?
Always great conversation!
opens tonight -- congrats to NYU alumni and past performer , Alan Menken!
Honestly, I think i'm getting addicted to Skillet.
Thank you for taking a look and the encouragement! Hope you're having a great weekend!!
Mousavi: All in Iran, cry out "Allah-o-Akbar" at 10 p.m., 11 p.m. and midnight tonight from the rooftops! #iranelection #gr88 RT Pls!
I'd rather have no friends then a bunch of fake ones.
If time is my vessel, then learning to love might be my way back to sea.
without a doubt :)
I love when my Dad sends me emails with handguns to look at...
I won't be able to sleep tonight just thinking about being in Memphis tmrw and seeing all my favorite wittle nuggets!!
Wiz kalifa is skinny as hell! Someone feed him
yeah but i love you bitches no doubt babygirl
I gotta side with , I really like Community's style. Besides, I prefer my DocuComs in a Christopher Guest package.
Showing your friend a funny video on YouTube and constantly checking their face to make sure they're enjoying it...
Nice. Looking firward to recap. just did 30 day paleo.
#MyPastRelationships don't hold a candle to the one I am in now.
RT : Lady Bits of the House of Lancaster < house of stark
Oh my God. This.
ok I'm following.
doing well only 44 in pittsburgh
HUD Zone - historically underutilized district. Did we get that right?
I love my free time. I can fart and no one bitches and I can lick where my balls used to be without being judged.
Bought red lipstick today. You betchur sweet hinny im gonna be wearing it alot during summer :)
The ugly moment when I do give two fucks about your damn moment
There's something tremendously liberating about an unresolvable situation.
shared insights today on creating transformational rather than incremental change with #Cleveland philanthropic community.
not too shabby at all. Enjoy the game
u guys i burned my finger with boiling water while i was making tea and it felt cool should i be worried ugh
dats wats up my nigga i watched ya grind its been a long time cumming my nigga u found ya home from smack,realtalk,comeup i seenu
's knee looked strong out there tonight. He looked fast and in good form. Congrats.
all kidding aside, we do have a comp. submission prog...lemme know if you want details
Looking forward to having a great Family Home evening.
i did the same thing. Hilarious.
The Buckeyes pulled it off! It's tough work beating Wisconsin football.
Probably not...maybe so
“: Dang twitter just screwed up. Grrrrr” is that NOT normal???
Right there with you! ;-) RT : When I see D&G I think Dolce & Gabbana not Deleuze & Guattari....uh oh...
My new phone case came today, but I can't get my phone out of the old case.
im Back negro jk call my house fone my cell is al fudged up
Just thinking about learning styles. Are you a better self-study or being taught? Do you point to information or do you teach?
Metta World Peace=Metta World Punk
time to bullshit some words on a paper and slap myy name on it and call it an essay
So excited to see at the street fair! If you gotta spot on the floor or extra bed these guys need to crash!
Hope I Feel Better Once I Wake Up.
s/o
Spending a few days showing around the Syracuse area & Ithaca before we drive back to Chicago.
RT Is there any boys that lke to txt
Valencia for Nani please
You should be able to collaborate w/people you meet via Twitter.
For sure! You're always invited.
Somebody text me
How can one person be filled with so much hate?
Houston Dynamo travel across state to take on FC Dallas in good 'ol Texas Derby
#parties #cookies #sleep. sound like a good one to you?
hey that's not on my list either!
there's like horrible thunder and lightning right now. i dont know if cheer's cancelled :/
did you end up seeing Act of Valor?
Made appointments
yuck. Ice sucks!
what ever happened to thieves like us?
We've sent you quite a few DM's, unfortunately looks like they may have gotten lost. We will follow up outside of Twitter.
Texans will be solid next year. Need a healthy Schaub and to draft a 2nd wr. Maybe trade Mario for one. One more CB would be nice too.
I am the queen of badminton.
The neighbor will be okay. The sweetener comes when he gets exclusive rights to sell student course material at a good markup, of course.
#sometimesyouhaveto say it how it is.
I'm watching an "expert" mouth off about internals of a product (not mine) he apparently knows little about in a mailing list. sigh ..
Oh my word. Polyphonic Spree is covering Pinball Wizard. It's official...
I hate people who make a negative out of a positive situation..
Goodnight twitter well it's time to go , I hate to leave ya but I really must say #GoodNightTwitterGoodNight (:
Thanks for the follow We look forward to trying some of that saucy Q!
I hate that I've been sleeping in. I feel like I've missed half the day AND it's beautiful outside.
Yeah yeah Konan died in Naruto. That's old news. Read the manga people.
Looking forward to it! :)
My iPhone is telling me I have 4g in indiana?!
hm. No. I think I'll still have it beat. X. I'll be there around 6 maybe?
What were we thinking?! Tech nerds rule the world!
can Cher open for us at the Beacon ? :)
: Run the slants!
am awesome ,thanks :) so where do u come from? Am from New York
he is so.. I just can't put it into words!
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
Did you get us a video?!
You da man! #ramonwow #womcc Now I want pizza.
question.... Do u date studs?
Props to for the great MCA tributes on Alt Nation the past 2 days.
oh just talkin' postwar economics and the knowledge-based economy here in the office.
seems I mentioned the wrong twitter account...
Happy Jazz Thursday to all the Jazz lovers! Find something to be thankful for. It makes room for more... Enjoy your day!!!
ops!! Sorry! Didn't realize that was a game. My bad.
Your group is outstanding. Can't wait to see how you use your education :)
hi bella :) its my 16th birthday today... and I was wondering if maybe... u could notice me... :)
Really enjoyed your event this afternoon. Love What you've done with the place!
VOTE FOR MOLLY MCDOODLE!!!
I think I am lost
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AH YOURE FINALLY A TEEN. HAVE GREAT DAY <3
My mom just typed: Sanatorium, oops. Ironic auto correct! He belongs in one!
i would like droids. i would like them to be good. i would like them delivered. and i would like them at 2:30.
Over the top MVP presentation complete (not sure this was a smart move by the BrewCrew) but always good to see "the kid"?
I STILL laugh when I watch the gorilla videos from ..
Think I just saw a cow fly past my balcony...on 10th fl of Coconut Grove condo! NASTY storm!!
follow me plzzzz!
Thunderstorms by you too!? It hasn't stopped storming in WI for days... three severe storms today alone...
spontaneous road trip to visit my #zaidenjames & <U+263A><U+263A>
finally back online--but I was plotting my second trip o the day!
Happy Friday to all our new followers! We're doing some final prep for #CCBW events (liver massage, coffee, ibuprofen) See you out there!
you ousta talk shit about how the grizzlies sucked, since when have you hopped on the wagon?
Ran all over creation, but I got my Mother's Day present assembled. Also, it was a #Sonic #oceanwater kind of midnight. ;)
Well congrats!! Have fun!
RT : Q3 what are advantages for internet radio vs terrestrial radio? for artist? For you?
you said since he became manager
I just spent like an hour researching shoe inserts. Who knew arch support was so complicated?
We got the secrets!
sounds gud ;-p
YES! RT Also this summer I want to take day trips to the beach, go to DC, and QC all once my summer refund comes in that is lol
it was a great evening and loved your kitchen! Thanks for your hospitality.
Work?! Ha well have a good'n!:)
Also, Giacchino's closing theme for Cloverfield was great. Too bad the other 90 minutes of movie sucked
no words to describe it.
i remember when i would actually talk to a lot of people and we would go hang out at the park after school.
Sorry, but the #WalkingDead season finale kind of sucked. How could they possibly have topped last week, though??
Thank you so much for the shout-out! We need folks like you to help us thrive. (Wish so badly we could be at #zeitgeist, too.)
A penny saved is a Congressional spending oversight.
oh damn.
Make sure you all catch with tonight at 9 to hear them discuss Pres. Obama's announcement.
Even if she wins or not; it's the point
when can I come in for an audition! I STILL want to be apart of the show!
Tonight is going be a good night! Hope to see ya at the show!
happy birthday fabulous ones!
#reunion with my #hofstra girls ah love them <3333
thanks! i.like.your.face....hehehe<3 lunch was hilarious! I love you an your faces(:
so true! This came up at #lmxuncon12 last week -- cake pans, power tools, musical instruments...sky's the limit.
Birthday magic!
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator. <U+E412><U+E412>
On a side note, I've been Having the weirdest dreams recently.
I think he's cute , but now it's like agh stop I aint gonna think about it .
#hcsm T1: In med schools it's about teaching social media to be separated from medical business. In residency - about connecting w/ patients
I love your marketing strategies and global PR!
your game is more than 8 hours old, and has been closed. You can always start a new game (ymkdc)
braids.. Coincidence? I think not ;) It was a sign that wanted to tell me: tweet that sexay bitch right now ;) xo <U+2665>
I was watching Kevin Hart, now I am too hyped up to fall asleep.
First, Ben Ali shut-off the 'Net & I said nothing. Then Mubarek. I said nothing. Then Gaddafi. I said nothing. Then #BART pulled
that feeling when a hot chick likes my status on facebook
can I get a stage shot for my wife, she's a big fan from the states!
Went to KY to follow The Bourbon Trail! Maker's Mark & Woodford Reserve have pretty facilities. Brown Hotel in Louisville=A+!
what's Saturday night?
Just got to see the #Muamba video playback. Shocking and sad.
Pls RT my tweet re "Rec'n'Roll" to all your followers to support the Chislehurst Festival which kicks off with music event this Sun! Thanx
What is everyone doing on this beautiful day in Denver?
your welcome
hit me
Ugh, I left my phone somewhere last night. Either it's here in my kitchen, my bedroom, my bathroom, or at another apartment...
love that movie
Thank you so much for coming out and supporting us. We'll let David know. He always tears it up!
love it! how's your night?
I'm great, just tired for some reason today, gotta work on that LoL. Where are you from?
lol, at work... #TiredAF ready to go home... yeah its been awhile!
you don't write all your code from scratch?
it's like the baby is committing suicide.
Again. The best hour of my week. Red Rocks Church. Golden, CO.
just sayin' ... devops doesn't mean ops should start coding.
Gente! We have 999 followers! Might today be the day we hit 1000??
Hot tub, back rub, television, and sleep - living the dream. Mondays should not exist
Dad is coming for the Brewers game tomorrow and he's more excited about getting the next morning.
Thoughts re:curriculum for educating HS guidance counselors.All but 2 masters programs have no training in college counseling.
89 Days To Go...
So tired
I really should review for this exam.
Thank you for following. Parents and educators have opportunities to learn how to recognize the signs of bullying & act.
nothing and u?
"A guy asks a girl - You ever have magic sex? Girl says, No, what's that? Guy says we fuck, then you disappear ...Tada Bitch.""
a relationship is for two people but you know some bitches cant count...
this much! .. *opens arms very wide
me too!
- indeed! Such a fantastic showdown!
come over and i will make you some! and yes i am free from 11-1... lets meet up :)
Want to figure out how I can wear giant wool socks all fall & winter long. What type of shoes go w/ such socks, that I can wear in public?
Thank you for the kind words - the pleasure was all mine! I'm sure Coach will be dearly missed around there.
It ain't your grandpa's data no more. The marketplace for data is maturing rapidly, as we shift from a data 1.0 world to a data 2.0 world.
no i dnt want see ur face anymore!!! we had an important business matter and its ruined all because of you!!! lol
Turning my attention back to business and wedding planning following the close of the show. New and different projects to conquer.
Why the fuck am I up right now? Screw you Saturday academy
Cisco Adler is really nice
glad you ate lol :-)
when i want to the store on the box it states it does almost everything and there is full blue-ray and can do blue-ray 3d.
I am going to miss all my boys at UK. Except for because he is soft and too cool.
Third night I'm up till 3 because of this freaking tooth. I just wanna sleep!!!
For those wondering about the podcast, the name is called "The Personal" and is a talk show with my co-host and I with a special guest….
good point! :)
Soo many morons on the road today man fugg!
Welcome to the farm
Justin Bieber Hangs Out With Lil Wayne [PHOTOS] -
You do have great tits though!
All these new methico fans look the same
Alliance Q: how will u use Open Bmore & similar web based tools to inc transparency & accountability in city contracts and development proj
Lots of good tips for wedding pros from via #weddingmarket chat!
A show and a bottle of wine?! Cannot wait to spend my evening with my wonderful friends tonight!
that sounds beautiful.
Don't give unwarranted attention to negative! Accentuate the positive and the record will speak for itself.
Watching GE's CEO Jeff Immelt being interviewed on 60 minutes.
I cant wait till show starts!!!!!
“It’s never too late to be what you might have been.” -George Eliott
you're welcome :) cc:
Cano -- grand slam.
We are everyday grindin'
Prom tonight! O.o Also my last day of being a 16 year old!
Wheels down in New Orleans
Just found me a new show
Yes, I live with him and he didn't want me getting any more piercings until I was 16..xD
The Kung-Fu single: Powerful enough to injure #Daisuke without touching him. The power of sumo; touch of a feather.
Thanks! Keep us in mind if you are in need of a good coffee vendor and follow us back for fun coffee tidbits :)
I just landed my first role in a feature film. This has been an amazing day :)
RT : 84% of people that die each year from water-related disease are children. #WorldWaterDay is one week away.
I didn't realize chip dips got so radical and thick in the 90's.
You could find something to do..
Touching the ground at 1:45 in the afternoon, a tornado in Socorro County. Winds at 70 m.p.h. near Belen. Hail and thunderstorms elsewhere.
just said that
hm, okay. TO THE AIRPORT.
is every girls dream guy(:
Serious, Madonna... if ur gonna lipsync in front of 50 million people, get it right!!!
hahahaha called me by real name but spelled it wrong.. (NEEKIE) yeeeeeeee
lol I wish
fine make it 10!
hahaha a real southern gentlemen
OH: "cut me open"
Anyway. Is it that hard to hold a conversation with me? Why follow me if you think it is. Do it and I will block you.
Word of the Day: RENOB- An occourance when a man is so revolted that even his penis cowers in fear, hiding from its object of horror.
It's an interesting morning trading the S&P500 emini futures. Yahoo - just scored another one! There are 7 secrets to success in this game.
I refuse to waste my valuable time on situations that I don't give a fuck about.
can u pretty please follow?<3
#ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies Eat all the popcorn before the movie starts
RT : Cole believes Rose's recovery will be between 8-12 months.
Bent Utensil-check out the music i'm doin these days. Bent Utensil is an acoustic A Perfect Circle cover band. www.myspace.com/bentutensil
niggy im iffy about going to the hs bc it is all depressing now. Plenty teachers retired, plus maestras problem :(
at CDMUG learning about BEANS from from
OMFGRMFT“: I don't feel like going to school tomorrow.”
Movie date with , Paco and Kevin.
had a fun night :)
If yours were at a 5th grade level mine was at a 2nd grade level. What a great GPA booster!
felipe! Ty for ur msg! Look out for an email! Love to tell you more abt -- #mobile #accounting for
I don't know about that but is def my fav. Just can't hate on Bron. He's a fucking beast.
ESPN Time
thats real as hell!
It was a joke, I really don't have a beard.
#WordLife yo it's rain outside that sucks to get wet #Woo Woo
Better yourself by not using better as a verb.
If they miss u, they'll call u. If they want u, they'll tell u. And if they care, they'll show u.
hi i love you ok
truly is a class act!
I would like a Shoutout.
I hate when my mom messes with my bangs . "Your bangs are too parted to the side!" shut uuppppp.
the man
I FRICKEN LOVE
will do
actually it was sarcastic. lmao.
what will we sell the Winnie painting and coasters for?
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
My hotel room in Seattle is so small... For turndown service they put a tic tac on my pillow.
love you too!
“: I wonder if will ever tweet again?” ...if she knows what's good for her!
Friday the 13th....will book talk "scary stories"!
Are you kidding? I never do well in those pools!
3hrs solo in cold intermittent rain and wind. are the best riding partners for days like today.
It's almost time for turkey. What are you thankful for? We're thankful for our subscribers and all supporters of dramatic literature offbway
I dnt hold grudges
Thank you for the shout out! :) we also JUST subscribed to your channel!
At SooVac for Get Lucky and bidding on some duck art for our house.
Houston.. How are you and why didn't you tell me the good news?lol
yeah they were both pretty good
I live by I-95 in Baltimore. Wish we'd invest more in public transit instead of more highways. Fewer cars = less pollution!
Just finished our Top Chef recap. Can't wait to see what happens next!
Aw thanks! I love yours too! :) haha
“We're so busy watching out for what's just ahead of us that we don't take time to enjoy where we are." -Calvin & Hobbes
Can't wait!
"Santorum momentum is real" I call #Bullshit #MSM #Propaganda - #Americans want - Don't be silly (shrills)
I have no idea how someone can do this. I can't even talk on my cell while driving.
working out west..hows everything going in the city?
i cnt slwayz hav my way but mufukas is to softt.. its juz plain and simple..i dnt wanna live wit dat..i got opportunities in my face
the first time I see perform, I fell in love :D haha
she says it's quicker to count the things that ain't wrong with you then to count the things that are.
Shopping on farfetch!
Just nailed my Medical Office Procedure class final! Another A in another class!!! One more to go :)
Sonny: Are you in a windtunnel?
Srsly where are you triple c's, I need you.
Yes. My guess too.
Bag of Money just came on. "My bitch bad looking like a bag of money." inappropriate for the workplace.
45,000 deaths annually linked to lack of health coverage
You deserve it! I will buy posters,and one action kit for me. And I'll make banners, I will give some conferences in my city! xo
well don't know bout all that. Um plucking greys on a daily
Nothing can take away the happiness I have right now!!
Many great folks arriving at
Yo knowing different formations just means you're good at 2nd grade math and you know different ways to get to 10.
Checked out the #opencall line for ! Lots of talent out today. Break a leg #actors!
This space shuttle flyover thing is pre-empting "The View." I'm concerned about America's priorities.
I am at PyCon and would love to meet & hangout! When do you arrive? I'm here though Sunday afternoon.
Did you just adopt an imaginary giraffe?
I use it a lot. In my head. To myself. Sometimes I change it up. *schnurfle*
20% OFF SALE THIS SATURDAY 8/28/10: All items from Drakul, Love Street & Dolly Rocker will be 20% OFF this Saturday from 11am to 7pm.
Happy May Day! And what a day it is in Pittsburgh! Today we have Banana Foster Ice Cream and Butter Rum Ice Cream. Yum! See you soon!
For a baby, you're pretty awesome at tweeting, Darby. #TwitterProfilePicJoke Thanks for the love!
DM us your email and we'll send that invite right over.
Servers down. No phones, no internet. Have to wait for IT to show up, an hour ETA at least!
Good fights!
At the end of the card I made my mom I wrote and that's what makes you beautiful :D
News Forward Press: Luke Donald still has world-class game, but don’t expect last year's results The problem with having a
No Friends , No Problems .
Follow your heart not your mind
The road goes on forever and the party never ends
Awesome..Thanks so much Scott. Join me live interview here at noon..
Thanks for cool gift that just arrived in the mail. I know just what I'm using it for :)
Dear Rome, It was fun walking along your cobblestone streets surrounded by your long history but today we part ways hopefully uniting...
I think we'll prob give away a few tix to Rusko today, but only if the response when we start merits doing so. Okay Twitterverse?
Tebow rushes and broncos calls timeout.
thinks that wishing your pets could talk is fun until you remember everything you've ever done in front of your pets
Yep. Still use it regularly. Daily.
i know how ya feel
Cuse calls it's final timeout.
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music! Is that you?
Just stopped at my on Niagara Falls Blvd in Amherst NY. Those guys were a huge help as always. Nice job!
They say wisdom comes with age, but wisdom was accompanied by plenty of other little tweaks & "problems".
The place of pain, becomes the place of preparation!
Talking #brewers with NOW! SportsRadio
beat and recording specials at & , DM for details
Great idea - maybe I'll make that my color scheme!
please follow me !!!!!
Happy New Year!
Hey, #GameVain fans! How's everyone doing?
Who likes Justin Bieber?Me! He's my favorite singer
yeah, I could see that.
#Orioles Opening Day. Best day of the year!
Thanks for the #FF! How are you all doing today?
happy monday.researching #morningshows 4 future #segments. know of any in #dallas, #virginia, #albuquerque, & #chicago? :)
And nothing will keep this heart from beating, i'm still breathing.
Food Stamp Fraud has the feds fooled. Undercover investigation at 5:45.
Goodnight twitter!!!
I'm gonna be in orlando ://
Emma Ostilly looks oddly enough like Caroline Flack O.o
ok, and thanks for crystal name
Slack city
…of money & other difficulties. I've wanted to do this job since I was eight, and I can't tell you how much discouragement…
Ernst & Yeti - they said
no, just messin with the dr's stuff while I was waiting in her office. :)
I wrote a blog post yesterday, students gained approval from the principal on their project, had time to relax with wife
can I get a RT from the man who does the best / funniest Susan Waldman impression I ever heard in my life
Hi how are you?! Looks like you won't be needing that heat today!!
sounds like a crime-fighting team of some sort
80s Hammer pants=harem look. Judging by me & pretty much all colleagues, Hammer pants now=straight leg jeans, rolled just above ankle.
she wouldn't even give me it, so no. Lol but she got it at Walgreens
#buildathon volunteers will drink 750 gallons of and 400 cups of coffee this week
Carl Daw is awesome.
If you weren't a fan before, watch the piece on 60 minutes.
Lori has unexpected family needs out of town & will not be here tomorrow -- we have contact her info & she can still do Father's Day orders!
Over this night. Ortho and snake bites and gunshots oh my!
Hey IT, the craft beers are resting comfortably in anticipation!
Tonight was live!!
i hate hearing the facebook chat sound it makes me cringe
you will love stella and adams intense romance in "Python" I made it very hot for my readers to enjoy....
thanks for the follow
Is there anyone still alive that likes rum raisin ice cream?
offer them a cookie. Bet that'd work.
Oh no, my gf reminds me ALL the time, trust me. We went to the first Nats game at RFK...snif. So much good BB.
I wish that I could see The Hunger Games tonight at midnight, but that's not really feasible when I have to see a baby tomorrow at six a.m.
Working on writing some great stuff! www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
One direction !!!!!
Ah! What time does your class finish?
Ppl will take your love,words,feelings, and friendship for granted
Paddle back.
Yes! This worked well MT : #aam2012 Shelly Bernstein talks about EVERYONE in museum taking a shift at visitor desk
The KFC Yum! Center? Really? Please tell me is just playing an elaborate joke for an article.
“: Working on inventing something sweet”/ Does it involve attaching big trebles to it?
help me get followers
"Life is, at all times, uncertain."
#waystoirritateme ladies who r gold diggers constantly looking fo tricks
you and me both. Well crash the booth together
Easy the RB position is thin this year so I would go with DMC
hahaha! those are adorable shoes...let me know what you think:-)
yeah I'm sorry but straight girls have more experience with pole work.
no ma'am, I'm just paranoid, and boys are stupid :S
February 13th, Galentine’s Day, is about celebrating lady friends. It’s wonderful, and it should be a national holiday.
Avala Resources Provides Update on the Korkan Resource Definition Drilling Program and Continues to Expand Korkan East ...
When it rains, it pours... another callback for a #national #carl's junior #commercial!!!
If you want to keep up with the UK Bat Cats, follow I can taste the peanuts and cracker jacks.
This Is retarded to Lock yo Self out the House ! (: and Leave your Noodles on the Fucking Stove ! Ugh . I hope my noodles are alright :D
Oh that whole Pens fans being pissed at Jagr for being a Flyer and i can't let it go lol
#sharktank is awesome tonight. They are tearing people apart!
Thanks Cindy!
is there?
suck balls. What else is there to say?
We have a Godfather challenger!!! We will keep you posted!
OPMG is moving nice!
great seeing u too last night...u and everyone sounded awesome.....POOF!!!!!!
Everyone have a phenomenal day today. Make the best of it.
things i need to do 1. find my fucking phone 2. wash my ass 3. go eat
14 weeks of how to tell the truth, one week on how to lie?
Fridays are the best w/ mtg & Artist collabos all around.
Yup! It's true. We've been wasting money
Thank u! Keep spreading the #FF love:
": 80 and sunny, that's great sound like Cali."stop tweetin nonsense bro we don't wanna hear that stuff here in NY
Tigers fuckn up
There's nothing like a bigot to bring out the fury in me.
Shifman: Buffetts created NoVo to invest in undervalued population: girls.
I'm going to write a new script, I must say this one is going to be intense.
I love my boy
we'll talk tomorrow
If you don't have Twins tickets and love high school baseball, you should get yourself a Juicy Nookie & come to the game tomorrow.
nope. Not at all!!!!
Also, the drummer on tour with SBH is awesome! Go follow him... :)
no fucking way?! how was it omg tell me!?
"When getting to first base is taking too long, come in to Viper Apparel!"
Do something today that makes you happy & will have lasting value!
Sure thing. Appreciate all you do to keep us informed #jazzmusic #JAZZSTAGENET!
Watching "Taking Care: Family Textiles!" Happy Preservation Week!
oh for sure, you know me
the choskis are doing the happy dance
Great site!!! Do u know anyone who may be interested in acquiring registered trademark for phrase "The Play of the Game" ?
i wonder how how kerrigan will reconnect with the swarm, or if there will be a new overmind
I loovvee my job<U+2764>
How cold?! Good job Travail Newark offer a red hot recruitment service. Call us with your needs now and ask about our latest Feb offer.
you and Bianca should surprise him you know he'd love it so would all of us who love you xo
youve been eating sweets all day
I think you should say "discovered naked Juice" because without the juice part the tweet seems very awkward...haha
Chinese food with my best friend! <3
Happy Good Friday.
Dont do drugs kids!! Smoke weed instead!
French Conversation Meetup Tomorrow!
Well that sucked bad. Worst case scenario happened. Almost passed out. Dont know why. Deal with blood at work all the time
Haha where did I come from huh?? That's good u gonna start this yr? I've been good jus work and school really how bout u
There is something that is much more scarce, something rarer than ability. It is the ability to recognize ability ~ Robert Half.
My level 2 The Massachusetts Institute for A New Commonwealth has a Popularity of 808!
THAT FOOL JOEL ANTHONY HEAD LOOK PREGNANT THAN A MUG .UGLY FOREHEAD LIKE NIGGA FROM STAR TREK!
that was me and candace
RT : Govt has always subsidized white wealth to the detriment of black wealth so it's shameful to attack Affirmative Actio ...
This is my first day off in two weeks. If I had a gun, these squirrels would be in trouble. Suddenly wishing I were still with central pa BF
For the sake of #BigTen football, come on #MSU! Kirk Cousins turns it on in the 4th quarter and in overtime - like Tim Tebow
When i have hardly any service <<<<
My neo just woke up from a deep ass sleep and said "fuck hoes get money" Lmao
actually those r ppl telling me tht some1 is saying Nasty and ugly things bout me! And I'm trying to figure out who it is!!! ;(
Can't wait! #theworldiswatching : )
The food is yummy and I dig their $10 meals
Did the Seahawks just lose Okung for the first half of the season? Welcome to Seahawk football.
if the sixers somehow beat the bulls, would the heat (highest seed left) play the sixers (lowest seed left)?
Every year Thanksgiving Eve Boston takes on slightly Gothic movie set feeling Streets are empty in some places Ghosts of pilgrims? Just me?
I forgot to tweet about #KinkyWednesday b/c I was too busy being
nice job!
watchin st louis and miami nothin like baseball being back!
We may need you in the office additional days this month. Will text you additional dates.
Thanks for bringing The film to Pittsburgh. Disappointed I'll be out of town for the event.
I ate so much candy today I think I'm gunna barf..
What type of games r being played?
Thanks! We are too! It has made things more convenient for all of us!
Lakers need to lose
Community is in a new time slot, has a lead-in, and leads in a successful show. I'll remain optimistic.
Had an awesome and inspiring time teaching about purpose at UMOM shelter here in Phoenix!
dont make dat face at me chump...u lucky u havent seen dat side of me
RT : Peter Diamandis - "news media is a drug pusher and bad news is your drug". # fls12
A trip to Maui, land of Nalani's name origin :)
I want to not have a broken elbow????!? WTF UNIVERSE
Jingle Bells Santa Smells more than his stink sleigh!!
Because absentee ballots get separated from their signed envelopes, if there is a problem with an envelope, another ballot may be removed.
Anthony Davis (starting right tackle for the Niners) started the hashtag yesterday.
Well I got out of the dentis it went good I guess (Feeling:numb)
The world is full of cactus, but we don't have to sit on it. - Will Foley
"This looks important!"
BIG THANKS to and her sister for swinging by and pitching in with the lot cleanup on Hollins St. Looks better now :)
311 plus infinity
Anybody see the Time Magazine cover with the woman breast feeding his 3-year old.. thats just weird I get breast feeding but 3 is too old
Hope you saw The State of the Game - Bob Costas special on NBC Sports network - great conversation. Love to get your take.
Twitter will make you forget you sitting on the toilet. Lmao
Oh and people aren't talking about your kids... they feel sorry for your kids. They're mom is crazy and built like Ray Lewis.
Kaleb Canales on #Nets PG Deron Williams: "His toolbox is full. Any skill you would want...He's one of the top point guards in the league."
Want 2 THANK YOU ALL 4 making it out 2 classes this gorgeous Monday morn & afternoon - here's 2 your love & support!
I hope everyone enjoyed their meet 'n greet with Deion Sanders today! Video should be up on Campbell's FB & web soon. :)
Oh I love #SexyBeastSundays !!!!
Note to next year's holiday self: wear burr-resistant clothing when hanging lights, or stay inside.
hi so glad we are together on cool music!!
WiFi sadly compromised by all the midday users... Off to find a Starbucks for faster internet and coffee for faster Jess. :D
Thanks! RT : great packing
The day I go to the mailbox and not see a bill, I will look to the sky to make certain it is not falling.
Good night for BC so far with Kuechly going 9th and Kreider playing really well in Game 7
YES! Look for me in the TGI Friday's lounge with :)
hahahaa im awesome (:
It's hard for me to leave Westwood during the week. I you can make it out that way I'm in!
I'm excited too. Should be a great discussion!
Not feeling this handbag. it's not big enough
I'm not and you agreed with me one time with this so we going to stop
you have to find us :)
AYE HOMIE YOU NEED TO HMU I'VE BEEN LOOKIN FOR SOME WHO HAS YOUR CONTACT INFO FOR SOME MONTHS NOW I LOST THE PHONE THAT HAD IT
I have that song on repeat!! <U+2764>
MongoDB + MySQL = perfect for our flash sales site
who said we are not? We will be there with your sandwich :)
Yea, I seen that BS! She wont let's me put my lips on her ass.
Follow back
we in vegas in july cant wait to see my ppl !
took off my bridge piercing.. I feel ugly now lol. WAAAAAAHH
WANT A NEW FOLLOWER? Follow and they will FOLLOW BACK!
But I wanna give a SPECIAL congrats to and for graduating today!!! <3 you ladies alot!!
well good morning dear! I know your day might not be as good because I might be off of twitter today until 5 :/
Direct message me on twitter or fb or text me at 214-906-1510. We can do this!
Good Morning! It's the beginning of a Fantastic week! I hope your week is a very productive one! :)
Getting schooled on monetary systems, instability, rethinking it all. Only at
CNN Ratings Drop to Lowest Numbers in More Than 10 Years
Absolutely the latter
Goal #2 ! Lets go Rangers!
#agreed! RT : Suit is too small the SC kid
i'm so happy to be done with that pen. it brought me nothing but grief :-)
freaks me out
You've apparently even hacked. I'm getting spam DM's from your account.
About to find out whether wearing shorts to work is a fireable offense.
Each day's a gift that I intend to unwrap & enjoy—no matter the tests or storms. I've learned, the safest place is in the eye of the storm.
RT At bouta kill the stage mane!!! !! U know what it is!! SAG LIVE
79 year old Korean War Vet saves fights the war of his life to Save His Home - his mortgage lender CITI finally approves
I agree. Def interesting concept. It's just too expensive unless your in a very specific situation (independently wealthily)
Officially sucked into The Bachelorette.
I want a fag but I'm too scared to go outside in the big bad world of darkness.
Holy crap. Seattle has ice cream trucks. Who knew?
good luck with that!
Nerdist at Majestic in Madison in April. Interesting.
great weekend at Evo and Vanity Friday....Back to reality people lets work hard so we do it all again this weekend with a clear conscience
Good news! #KANROCKSAS is back in 2013!! I could be the coolest parent there this time!
JUST GIVE ME THE SLICED IMAGE! It takes everyonter designer 5 minutes- why is it taking an hour and 45 questions- its a standard image178x82
Its nt that I'm nt n touch w/ reality...I juss wish things cud go back to the way they use 2 b!.
Brilliant move by FOX Re: WC rights in '18, '22. Let ESPN spend all $ to do all dirty work/US popularization, then hop on the train.
never received my free pizza e-mail
Girl, Today has been a Sad Day For Me && My Family && Chruch Family
pshh not on defense. But that's normal. He's playing agressive at least.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change; Courage to change the things I can; and wisdom to know the difference.
"...Morehouse has persevered and excelled." - Willis Sheftall '64, Interim provost and senior vice president for Academic Affairs
Have You Seen Any Of His Videos?
Showed our office to a few of our admissions counselors who are back from their recruitment efforts from across the nation
Hey guys I miss you and I made you something :D
Follow us please?!
So so sleepy but my mind once again won't stop thinking...lol
whew good thing I'm following you bc now i feel so much better :p
Have fun in Mexico ! We will miss you dearly.
For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans for welfare and not for evil, to give you a future and a hope. Jeremiah 29:11
Who is coming out Saturday night before the race?
sure! Next time I'm at school. It hangs next to my PhD and the teaching award I got at Harvard.
all night
I been thinking about u (oh no no noo) I been thinkin bout u (u kno u kno) I been thinkin bout u
i hate when hoes try to date me, like come on.. you in a relationship? dont make me laugh
join me near front.
lies..... You made that up.
Bitches and they emotions <<<<<<<<
four hacking mintues till the amazing #underthemisletoe is out!!! Love you biebs(:
heck yes!!! Enjoy it dudes.
UK Basketball. 8 time National Champions.
I just burst into tears!!!
People need to shut the fuck up and listen! Grow the hell up! Stupi
hey luv, thanks for saying hey!! Keep posted for luvely updates! You're a sweetie ;)
daily #dressage tip: use laterals to help you - #shoulder-in stops runaways; #travers gets you straight at fences; #renvers stops run-outs;
And happy graduation! RT : Thanks everyone! :)
the headset is $200, the mix amp is $130, plus tax and shipping you're looking at almost $400 for a gaming headset
sorry I missed you at the game. Flight delays got me there right at 7:30. Ugh. But super seeing #s04 !!
Opening Art Reception for Josh Hooten of Herbivore Clothing-Blossoming Lotus-Tues Aug 9th at 9:30pm with Music by DJ E3, Food Drinks & Fun!
good luck!
I'm tweeting Mini Marathon times for Gary Thomas in real time on race day. Presented by OneAmerica
Thanks for the FF!
If you're going to be horrible, you may as well be weirdly horrible.
same. Always looking.
Good morning y'all!
Doing an OTA direct upgrade of the iPhone to iOS 5.1, since the iTunes server is slammed at the moment. 1 min to go…
as i lay me down to sleep i pray that U will hold me near. while im far away, il whisper Ur name into the sky & wake up happy <3
you'll have to ask Krafty.
Traveling tip: If you're passing through Long Beach International, grab a muffin. They're really good. Okay. Carry on.
Do you happen to know when the term "food desert" came into the vocabulary? Anyone know this etymology?
I'm reading Brophy/Lopez/Murray's Integrating Spaces: Property Law and Race.
Tadarial Sturdivant, Director of Wayne County Child and Family Services
When doesn't appreciate and I's Fudgie the Whale <<
Club again tonight. I might just die. Lol
Hey, I love my life ^_^
my dad is annoying me.
Back in DC with a warm welcome home from TheBoys.
#waystomakemehappy make me a priority in your life, not an option.
I AM NEVER EVER GETTING IN A CAR WITH DANNY ALRCON EVER AGAIN!!!!!!! DE PINGA BRO!
Tony Bennett will sing tribute to Whitney at Clive's party. Her body lies upstairs .
#FEDUP - RECAP - DEM's talking bout ANNUAL DEFICIT (Yr's Mtg Payment) -- GOP talking bout NAT'L DEBT (Total Mtg). Apples/Oranges! Ask About!
Oh yes, I've heard this song somewhere before. I like it :)
Watching Chevy Chase has taught me, the funniest joke a comedian can ever make is to fall off a ladder. The pinnacle of comedy.
So soon!
Piffle: noun. nonsense, meaningless talk. (Definition 2: A tweet. Ha.)
yup xP
hope you ENJOYED those Gem bites today!!
Woo hoo, is en route to New York. Come home to Brooklyn!
I can't imagine that site is anything but a front for prostitution.
WE #BELIEVED AND GUESS WHAT WE WON!!! (: TAKE THAT STINGRAYS!!!! (:
Is it wrong that my first thought when #gameofthrones Arya Stark said "Anyone can be killed" was I hope my three girls turn out like that?
Why do I use "just" in almost every sentence while drafting? Cut, cut, cut!
Optimism in my eyes, humility in my heart.
The Huskies just scored against the team that won the national championship last year!!
"Never underestimate the power of tenacity" - Invisible Children
Lexis Florist was honored to work with such a talented team at VISIONProduction Group! We can't wait to see our new Marketing Video!
Yes to World Cup!
You may know God, Jesus, and/or Jesus Christ by another name. I think we're on the same page, regardless of the name change.
I played Zachary in ep#3 "loner". You might be able to find it on line.
When voting, just think of it this way. Do you aspire to be wealthy, but have to work, or would you rather be on welfare & not have to work?
No, since I wasn't aware. :( But congrats to whoever wins!
happy birth day! Also broken hearted played tonight at a semi at my school and I was OMG... I met those people last week! <3
#DailyQuote: "I would rather see the portrait of a dog I know than all the allegorical paintings in the world." - Samuel Johnson
Take your daily dose of fun.
On the metro - holding onto the overhead rail - 20 bare hands and 1 in a leather glove. Can you identify the murderer?
lol good to know you aren't into the youngins lol you should start watching weeds!!
GREAT FINALE, I' m gonna miss all u girls on wisteria lane :( Hope u gave a reunion soon!
they're so cute together <3
7 Tempe Police cars outside my door.
Vince Russo leaves TNA and the ratings continue to sink... Hopefully it just chalks up to the "warm weather" rumor, but not looking good.
youll have to excuse my vacancy from the world this past week or so, just trying to take life by the horns before things get out of control.
That makes sense. The writers of "Revenge" have to learn to manage backstory with moving the plot forward.
OMG. how was Coldplay ?!
I'm going.
Looking forward to visit from and Lunch for clients at 1:00. Press conference/presentation at 1:30.
I am making you a get well card :) I'll send it over when its done
“: Slow your roll Clippers... #yourestilltheclippers love it LAker Nation was in full effect Alway an 4ever LAker Nation
that takes to damn long.All most Independents do is take Dem. votes.
yeah, fuck you itches, he's got baby powder, made from 100% baby!
oh good (: thank god. I love hearing about it , seriouslyy.
I can tell that you're trying really hard! (:
What's three days long, unpaid, and rhymes with Pawlenty? Furloughs!
I'm seeing her in July! :)
I was visiting Robert and Ted's new acting studio. The praise came from a Mr. Christopher Toyne. Familiar?
Happy birthday to my love Daniel and to my comadre Reina.
Interview went good should have a follow up next week... Crossing my fingers!
OMG that looks amazing.
hey dudes i just served you a bank review at socialsmack. good luck with yer other reviews :D
Ima start hitting the gym next week, hopefully.
#JoeyDiamondFact joey finds it a turn off when hes on a date and the person is constantly checking their phone.
Dont u hate when u see a really big piece of cardboard & you think to yourself...'That would be awesome for breakdancing' but it's not 1983?
HeeHee! I'll take that title... but just for today!
NOwaday u dnt even know if the preacher is telling the truth tho or has wicked motives
Cary melted hearts and the ice at Citi Pond last night with a 4 song set! Terrific performance, Cary!
very excited to perform in "Lost and Found" tonight at The Actors Studio!
my itunes play counter is telling me i've listened to 'ships in the night' by 26 times in the last 24 hours. sounds about right.
there's one acoustic floating around on YouTube of that. But pretty sure it's just Joey
Folks in OM/Pikesville! We need to get to come to us! Help us find a parking space! cc:
Really! I feel bad for those grad students! Why didn't she take on any of the hundreds of published BOOKS? Ughh...
Good Friday! Day off work. Gym, yoga, bike, shoot some photos, maybe catch a show tonight. is performing at the Commodore.
Busy Saturday! Have you made it down since we've remodeled the store? If not, WHY! The new stuff is great, the gallery is great, GREAT! :D
:) i pretty much about to be verified on twitter dude i want tim's book now
its the powder brush.
Alright been away for awhile for some things but im back. Crew put the hurt on the reds today.
I'm fli-fli-fly, I'm flying high, aint got time to talk, just HI&BYE
For Booking, Beats, or Info of the YouTube sensation Too Much please contact management at
I was lucky enough to help name homebrewer name his barley-wine in cherry oak! try
Woke up this morning and learned its Monday. Always a rough way to start your day.
Thanks for the follow!
I'm listening to music, and my skullcandies are giving me a message x) they vibrate
One out of seventeen, or 400,000,000 people have sex a day. 4,000 people are doing it right now!
why was he watching? Wow!
Happy David Archuleta Day we love you
Congrats! You've won! You get emails now every time I think I have a great hair-brained idea!
solidarity let us know what you need!
I want some tats. Too bad I gotta wait till I'm 18...
I was sorry not to get to know him -- I'd had hopes 4 partnering more w/AARL, but workload got crazy once semester started. :(
Agreed! I want one too! It's great to see partnering with on a badge.
Wow this weekend is busy!
Why are most jokes so short? So men can remember them.
yeah girlie..thats the same goal
awww that said start sayin random off the wall shit be stupid but funny,too
the hot fun tonight is a retreat nightclub nyc...
I'm ready for this week to be over Fri hurry up damnit!
Going through memories back in 05 makes me feel fucking old
felt, only thing now is to get his music to sound more like Slayer.
Skee! Where you going to be tonight in Austin?
easily forgotten, easy to do, nice job
Wow, that might be the worst link profile I've ever seen. ProTip: Your backlink anchor text should not be teaching me new cuss words.
do you know the theme of the next ... I could or should... we'll see if I do!!!
you are silly
A guy just said I seem "kind of accident prone." I have to stop telling the iPhone and wine glass story all in the same night.
what you just felt back there is not really real
Congratulations to who won the grand prize (including a reserved study table ) in the #findUW contest!
The Calendars are here! The Calendars are here! Our 2012 year at a glance calendars look awesome. Need one? Sign up for our mailing list a…
When I go to your house I'm sleeping over!
I will reach out individually when i get a chance! May the good Lord continue to
#downtowndenver can not believe how many raggermuffin skeezers left the house in pajamas today.. pull it together bitches...
Our deepest condolences. Bullying tragically forces parents to lose children and now children lose parents.
SHHHHHHH....we'll keep that on the hush-tip. Lol! All I know is.....you changed my life with your talent. I'm a fan FOREVER!
What celebrity has the best skin?
Absolutely no idea. Will do some checking.
Very good set last night in Memphis Appreciate CC's effort but don't want Chris to do damage to that great voice.
you wanna go to shout house at like 9 or 10? Goin to the #timberwolves game tonight
NBA Celebrity All Star Game Kevin Hart MVP lmafao
Oh well
that depends on whether the sniper is on your side or not
FYI, tagging an Instagram photo of your house as "vintage" does not make it such.
Better late than never, but never late is better.
Had a couple of customers, who said, they would never have thought buying soap for thier "FEET" could be so much fun, just like buyin candy
The hardest part about doing my 6 mo eval is that I keep comparing myself to my predecessor who was freakin amazing.
you know yo car the shit when birds shit on it
RT : I think Doc Emerick may have a stroke announcing this game. #NHLStanleyCupPlayoffs Go
Have to have a background check to be re-certified as a USA Ultimate coach. # of addresses in the last 5 years? 7. In 4 states.
when is the 50th #rollingstones anniversary tour dates going to be announced mate?
good I'll be that blonde girl who brings you pizza as a reward. But serious it's SOD day (Steve or die)
nice logo!
so you want to marry your gay cousin ? Got it .
Just thought about how we only have two weeks left of classes. And then I'm halfway done with college
In desperate need of a new computer
Tic-Tac-Toe w/ Navy Divers!
When Our Hero defends someone, you need not even mention his name.
very proud of our buddies on a great performance on the tonight with
interested in your pf ticket if you are selling at a reasonable price
No cigar for you at 9a, Jerry?
Them #Knicks look exhausted cause the #HEAT is getting to them
Did you see The Kills last night at the ? Stellar, right?!
Yes, that was it. I have that, but no more American Apparel. Does that matter?
Not to mention its also #allstarweekend! The Rising Stars game is tonight, Shaq's team looks pretty dominant with Griffin, Lin, and Rubio
happens to the best of us. Ask overby how Schwa was.
YES! Jayson Werth ... OUR HOUSE!!!
Stayed up doing a bunch of random stuff. Older I get the less sleep I seem to need.
RIP Amy.
uh yea!!!!! I love America's best dance crew. Someone better call me in when they r performing!
you can get a description of it, how to cook it, and order it here: www.westcoastscrapple.com
BRB BREAKFAST. <3
RT Joseph:Obama's not Douglass, he's Lincoln. Not MLK, he's LBJ. #aha2012 <...as president. Autobiography tells a counter narrative>
Shoutout to All the People Reaching for the Stars and Following their Dreams on a Daily Basis! Much Respect
I can b a attention whore at times
TV reporter wanted to interview me, but I had to decline. Sorry.
My mom is texting and using pure emojis ! Lol gotta luv her
yeah dude, you guys come back
just chillin today waiting for that phone call i really want this job
Congrats on the new gig. You are just what that show needed. Whaen are you coming to Montgomery, AL?
I have a new appreciation for the beauty of legal jargon ...
That assumes they would accept responsibility and won't blame you, right?
Finding a few folks are reading! Yay! Loyal readers- Thank You for enjoying my digital haute cuisine...
stay safe! #CoriniNation LOVES you. <>
cool! I've never been there but i wish..
We were! With tea and crumpets!
: I'm diggin' your music on Soundcloud, Maurice. It's groovy! Also, you killed it yesterday
Can I text that dude and say it's you? Please?
oh, oh! I'd love an AWK t-shirt!
country roads i can hear you a'callin. Headed to the old waterloo for a wee little visit.
Traffic EVERYWHERE in San Diego today. Mess.
I don't mind people tweeting constantly, but massive tweeting just for the hell of it is a good way to get unfollowed.
Ooh, Stone Sour Fest 2011 - definitely must go!
Wish I could have made it to Tiesto today, but Sublime tomorrow is gunna be insane!!
happy birthday man :) x
One year today! Thanks for WOTL and now
who hit you in the wiener haha
#AdamOnIdol = Perfection!! Vocals on point wow<3 I love you!
an app like "Draw Something" or "Doodle Jump" have a use case which transfers to all form factors. Does scaling work? Probably.
saw replay of him running to first as I was reading this...ha ha!
Kiss Cam for sure
RT 3 weeks from today at Noon-candidate qualifying ends & we'll know who is on the ballot & who is not!
Pickup Line: How about you sit on my lap and we'll see what pops up?
k this is like the tenth time I've cried this past two hours
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. Bill Cosby
If you're running a business you should like send out 1099's to the people who worked for you, simple really
i feel like ima die ._.
Day 2- @ My Cousins House... Goinqq to the Store & A Picnic @ The Park...
But I have a greater desire not to be kidnapped and murdered for running alone at 4am through the cornfields, so I guess I'll try to sleep.
Good painting is like good cooking: it can be tasted, but not explained
No I haven't yet.
Bryant Park, a success! On to the next scenes...
Good morning everyone on this Mother's Day weekend. How are you celebrating?
Did you guys notice The Big Fella is Now on twitter? Sure after the goes to the 49ers. Still Love him.
My name ain't "oh my God"
I think our whole bus is singing boyfriend...
Could ESPN be anymore obnoxious about the Greg McCelroy pick #atleasthisgirlfriendishot!
Up early for a morning run in the park followed by a day of caffeine, archival research and (hopefully) very little social media use.
Atleast you respond! Haha I will remain following you can I get a follow back :)
#HurriicaneIrenePlaylist I make it rain, I make it rain, I make it rain on dem hoesss.
Im On
nah he looks very close to the young Steve Jobs, stop hatin Cnet
at the OFFICIAL after party for KP, really excited !!
grand opening of on 2/15
I recall hearing that in blog, no artistic renderings that I have seen
Did you take your kids to see "The Muppets". Did they get into it or did they react like you were cramming your nostalgia down their throat?
S.W.A.G.-She Wants A Gentlemen
yeah i got to carried away HAHA HateLies<3Trust
Steve and Chris are traveling by bus from Helsinki to Lahti for the black tie gala. Hopefully Nokero will win the World Design Impact Prize.
There were some good ones on design, but it seemed to be less design/development focused this year. How was volunteering?
If I tell you I love you, can I keep you forever?
Getting tournament tested, and making the grade!!!
I hope I'm allowed to dress up for my dinner date with I kinda feel like wearing a dress :)
No problem at all! We LOVE your food! =)
Handguns tomorrow!
When u have that sickness that makes you feel like your dying...
I have lost all tolerance for bullshit and fuck nigga shit if you got a problem sit down at the table with me or get beat the fuck up
Yep, I didn't see that one until this morning. Rochester just luvs its kitties, I guess. :-)
look at what it's done to me , you gotta know it tears me up </3
he will be the richest person on earth for feeding hungry children his yummy cum
UK , miss you my man ! Heard youve been ballin heavy ahah this summer were kickin it forsure
Ready to get the dat over with
Sorry for the tech issue. Our tech expert suggests it may be bandwidth?
I wanna visit Jerusalem, Israel one day
Just don't google the word google. You'll break the Internet.
So Edwin, you think you can cook? I'm looking for latin chefs for SalsaPalooza. Plz post a sample on youtube n send me link
Texas artists save money by keeping their CD & custom t-shirt business right here in the Lonestar State. We're not going anywhere.
The longer I live, the more I realize how much I really don't know.
Last day at #TheHomestead and #VASHRM12 Great time had by all! Congrats to all that played a role in making this event successful!
3/idk how many, she need help like now so go out and #PRAYFORDANICA I want her better I hate to see danica get sick and when she does it
are you in Dallas? It's been so hot. I always pass the snow cone place and think of you lol
You Lose Some and Gain Some
One more time for the slow mufuggas.... It's HO.
call a healthy relationship(:
#history #museum #historical Tomorrow: It’s a Jeep Thing! – Dave Eilers on the Willys Jeep!
PS five more months ;)
guilty tweets have got no rhythm... i know its awful
Your gunna think your funny in a minute when I lay your ass out.
Hi Mo, Thanks for sharing information on my book! If you are interested in reading it, please message me your mailing address. - MAP
Good morning winter, there you are! Just when I thought you forgot us. Happy FriDDay
wow! Didn't know that....I'm off to California later this year...we should do tea :)
Wow! Welcome to the neighborhood!
Should have given #Obama a #claymathews jersey
Where is Busy Bee Hardware?
I feel so lucky ..
Hate the negativity Vegas brings but I love my city it's taught me a lot and made me who I am I learned to focus on what's important in life
Hope everyone is having a fun St. Patrick's Day!
Okay, I'm sold. It stays indefinitely.
thanks for the great android updates. really enjoying having instagram back in my mobile phone.
The 80's will never be the same.
Last day to work with Amanda Ross-Ho, don't miss if you haven't already!
see isn't she adorable?! :D
#BGC9 is gonna be the shiiiiit.
house full of big butts in 8 days!
Just saw Alan Rickman on Hudson Street.
Well you have inspired me to do some Spring cleaning in my own closet. Time to move out the winter clothes for sure.
: Woo-hoo! Congrats
plz spare us all the "thanks for all the bday wishes-- so fortunate to have so many good people in my life" facebook status
He's adorable <33
What is up with pedistrian hit by car and died tonight? 2 in last hour or so.
well I saw the video girl gave him a retweet
btw: Devil was awesome! I ended up going. All I'm gonna say is it was crazy!
So The Snoop Dogg / Dr. Dre / Tupac Hologram Tour Isn't Gonna Happen? :(
“: Does it bother you when I say yolo? Oh well #yolo”
Death at #UNM sigma chi house was suicide, according to police report. 19 yr old man found in his room, had been deceased for days.
why ? You not believe me! May I show it to you !
Surprisingly, more hands were lost on Georgetown's campus than in Westeros last night.
ok when u get ready, email me the track to LETS GO!!!
I did! Thank you so much. I sent a Thank you to the "info" email for Tony. So kind of you. Will spread the word!
Chocolate bunny and Peep hangover
Just to make it clear... Tickets to see June 20 at the House of Blues in the Chi went on sale yesterday! Buy them now! <3
we should make it happen! but i have no car v.v
Bucket list: write a book. Bonus round: it gets banned or burned.
just woke up from a nap
Happy mother's day to , and all the other moms out there in the world. Luv ya!!
Thousands of geniuses live and die undiscovered -- either by themselves or by others.
#EverydayIThinkAbout The circle of life and how beautiful it is to be alive.
Happy President's Day! Hope everyone is enjoying the extra day off.
Why does chicken take forever to unthaw :(
Decide what your target market is to build your platform for position yourself for television. Loving Tiffany Cook ISSE!
Are you coming to town? What's up?
I wonder where is at? Haven't heard from you in days.
Ah fuck, I forgot the conditioner. Damn it. Kill me.
This poll has GOT to be bogus!
Feeling wide awake today, this testing shit better not get me sleepy.
I have the hiccups because of you !
need any info?
The thing that haunts a man most is what he wasn't ordered to do
“: I've dance with the most ugliest girls tonght, too trippy”damn so y u gotta go there
My sister is the sweetest little thing alive! Words can hardly describe my love for her, she is my best friend.
The thirst <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6> is real...<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085> no thank u I don't want it!
Dan Waber experiments with bringing words into the third and fourth dimensions. Exciting! He will talk at our Poetry Off the Page symposium.
Haha...I can't speak for everyone, but it took me about 3 episodes.
yea we gone be live in the place
My kids are leaving me... I am gonna miss them so much<U+E411>
How are users using your website? Google Analytics.
watching right know
Tonight was a great example of being content and lackadaisical. Never settle keep grinding and mad ups to the giants.
Oh yeah, who is getting cookies delivered to them!!???? Yup me and
Happy Birthday & Mothers Day to the most beautiful woman I know .... My mama!<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7> <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BA>
Whew. No shutout.
I am working 12-14 hours a day. I feel totally disconnected to the world. But it's actually REALLY fun.
I don't think that's why he's keeping Hope though.
Gonna have to silence my grape soda cravings with irn-bru
FF may make the school look ghetto, but idgaf as long she fails and it pisses her off lol hate her so much
": #FF "- From Miami South Beach, Raves KINK from Dungeon! Xoxo
RT : #FF Thank you for paying attention:
A walk along the Brooklyn Promenade with views of bridges and Manhattan
That will become close to universal soon enough, so good to have applicable practices in place now.
When you get so excited about something and negativity just brings you down #how depressing
Been Coolin' >>>> Now It's Time To Get To Work
Have a Blessed Good Friday!
Buffy Hamilton NJASL conference #NJASL2010 Think of ourselves as artists: bravery, insight, creativity, boldness We create the art
Bears..KC......awful
I feel like I should be on this account more...but no one ever tweets this account, that's why I'm always on my personal.. Let's change that
“: If you hurt my best friend, I can make your death look like an accident.”
SURF Report: (Pacific Beach) 3-4 ft + waist to shoulder high occ. 5 ft. VERY POOR CONDITIONS
Are we really doing this right now guys?!? "Cause I'm not ready for that sort of thing." (Anna begins)
your welcome
I missed this. Yay! Does it fit perfectly? Hope so!
Tonight we hope you will join us in toasting and cheering our Veterans.
what kind are they bf?
I'm thankful I set up a reward for this challenge or I wouldn't be getting through these last days day 27
best part-I can drive it! My thought: defining engagement together 2 create shared pathways 2 student success ???
I don't want to play games that aren't fun. The social games most people play aren't fun.
Trying to design a puzzle for D&D involves walking the fine line between challenging and annoying.
great reading the other night at boswell! cool to hear you on fresh air, too! you're our next book club pick. rock on!
#fuck five o'clock is gonna come fast.
Im in a tumbling mood and there's no where to tumble):
Ouch. The First Lady didn't dig that 'spilled milk' joke either.
Might be the weekend to check out 's Merchant of Venice. I hear it's a good one.
Has anyone else always wanted to see the northern lights? Let's do it this fall!
You can give me a follow?!?! (:
Catch Bigg Weezy on UStream now on "Comedy by the Slice"
Even worse.
It's way too hot outside!
Mega Bloks Diego&#39;s Build and Rescue | A non stop Shopping site
If you could have just said you're sorry I know we could have worked it out by now :/
Surly bill author Sen. Linda Scheid -(DFL) Brooklyn Center predicts bipartisan support/passage of brewery proposal
I have literally been sitting in bed all day watching Hannah Montana.
A metaphoric frog. There's a saying that says, "Eat a live frog first thing in the morning and the rest of the day is easy." :-)
Can we get Nancy Grace on suicide watch? /via
hopefully! Fingers crossed :)
Marketing funnels need to be carefully crafted to move your list along a path that create sales.
FBCD promo starts today!!! Lots of eyes on this sub penny stock. Last promo ran FBCD to .11 within a few days. Don't get caught chasing!!!
damn bro wassup stranga bull RT big time. I can't wait til I explore the world too
ipod classic 160GB for sale. 125 let me know!
Blogmania is under way !!
#ChuckNorris is a stunt double for Optimus Prime.
10:41 p.m. and still waiting for election results from Racine...
lmaooo GIVE UP
Thanks for the tweet! We look forward to more fantastic shows! Thanks for your continuous support!
when was the last time a black woman has hosted snl?
Next week? idk now i feel like this has to happen!
What to you think if I write you that i love you??.. i write it cuz u dont see that tweet.. in other way.. I admire you
What about one and done in College Basketball? I may be jaded by my prior work at Mizzou but I just cant get into it anymore.
ah, gotcha. Hang in there though, there's a ton of chances left to win. You guys are so dedicated, I'm SURE you can do this!
that's awesome!
Ducks/Sabres game towards the end of the season. Ducks lost 2-0. But there were a shit ton of Sabres fans and they were loud. But
I DO LOVE your new avi photo
keep up the good work :) we love your song #lovecanburn :)
I refuse to let any heat fans talk any sh*t to me from now on idc. Be quiet and just watch the show.
Boise State has more first rounders so far in this draft than the entire Big Ten. Sad
You are a tool. I out partied you so hard.
Just had a simply amazing meal tonight..great food and great service! Thanks so much! Decatur is where to eat, no question about it.
File under words that sound epic but have no place in the conversation.
If I had an identical twin, we would fuck shit up so bad, it wouldn't even be real.
Good morning everyone! I hope you had a wonderful weekend.
Hope you enjoyed them and have a great Easter crowd!
does that mean that will make me happy?
I'm officially in love with Wunderlist!
Pistole - Members of Military with a valid CAC card wont be subject to "professional screening" by TSA employees.
"Things Will Never Be The Same"...
tx to the 4HB i dropped 8 minutes in my marathon - I ran a 3:14:56 this wkend - 4HB is for everyone, endurance athletes included!
thanks for the follow, could you tell about you?
curiously, that's exactly what's happened to me tonight
BTW, Laurene Jobs Powell, Emerson Collective founder & Steve Jobs' widow, is giving a pretty tough interview of Rahn Emanuel.
R.I.P Mr.Fam
Rest I'n peace Heavy D and Joe Frazier. People all we have I's our health
Thank you!
Get ready to see a lot of us in 2012.
First Sundays album - think it might be the pinnacle of that kind of jangly suburban pastoral style, also funny lyrics
Keep all your negativity to yourself. Don't rain on my parade.<U+2602>
Going to play basketball at the Rec!
Sencha visualizes mobile app development with Architect 2
Charles Jenkins looks kinda like Theon Greyjoy
Looking for love in all the wrong places...
This the type of game Boston will win
disapointed in the reviews for "the raven", i was thinking i might want to see it from the previews :-(
So I am going to make a stickam. ;D
Heading into the Beverly Center. My land nav skills are always tested in their parking lot.
I have always liked John Waters's eccentric sense of humor.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Do not be to timid & squeamish about your actions. All life is an experience.
Good morning!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
and DADT ain't enough. Can I get an amen! Hope your flight to WA went well :* wish I could've said bye!
happy related birthday
Sigh. Red Sox vs. the Sad Sacks. Q: Can it get any worse for the Padres? A: There's always tomorrow
Who's picking up an Underdog/ scarf from the today? Rumor is there are 15 left.
Our cats do that with glasses too...jerks
and how about next tues at 5 or 6? I will b there! Monica we can always hit up bwi if its easier!
sure if it were you or not?! But, my phone somehow accidentally hung itself up before I could say Thank You. Haha.
I second - gen Y learners are still learners
looking great tonight.
Brian do not hide your actions behind deuce!!!
free or not, you ever make it out to Magooby's Joke House in Maryland??
If you are brave enough to compile it, just send me a copy after that ;-)
Tonight I am playing the role of protector of baby cows...
Never apologize for being who you are just be a good one at it
I'm in one of those sad moods when I just need to talk to my boyfriend, but he's away somewhere... #WhereAreYou?
Shit is hacked, my domain was bought by fucktards and i almost just drank a FLY when going for my coffee.
Every time I see that I'm being followed by Charles Bukowski my heart gets all thick in my throat for a second.
u need a dvr :p
thanks for unfollow (:
Good night to all...and to all a good night!
You're absolutely right, I meditate daily.
took my ball!!
Run and tell the d.j. to run in back on replay
May every answer give you at least one question.
IRT "Success is the best form of Revenge" ... alas #FORGIVENESS is the best form of "revenge"
RIP to the "oldest teenager in the world" Dick Clark.
what the heck you talking about?
There is so much drama in this world, and I want to stay as far away from it as possible.
It works! Revitabrow. :-)
Tom Wells is shooting for NBC today with Ann Curry in Charleston, WV
RT : Recent 3 part interview founder Kolonji Murray did with Ex. Dir. Eli Gordon...
Shout Out to for getting through that 11th inning
Absolutely! RT : Ironically ... Connector for the Mac seems a lighter, easier way to deal with Windows Phone than the Zune ...
I'm going to unbox my Dreamfinder/Figment combo pack on tonights live show! Stay tuned for link!
Great warbler pic!
You bet your sweet ass we are open!
RT : Minnesota House passes #Vikings stadium bill, 73-58.
Working out>
I'll trade for some advil?
Really? Where in HR 3200 does it say that?
Time 4 bed! Goodnight! :)
Good point! Book talks, displays, sharing reading are all ways to help kids branch out on their own terms.
Good night twitter got a long day later <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
I'm already following you :)
how have you're Waite so long ? Chick-fil-a is amazing!!!!
what movie or shoe is this from?! Cuz I inned to watch it
Dont blame me for not picking up your slack. If you have everything figured out on the planning end, THEN you can call me out for not wo ...
finally on Twitter...!! better than i thought!
are you coming to the ballgame? Starts in a few minutes
I don't wanna make up westest. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093> damn #apbio test!
HAPPY HUMP DAY
Follow !!!! BROADWAY BAR TONIGHT !!!!
At school again bout to do another massage therapy core and aid cpr let tis day b quick.
what will you be doing then ?
watching jersey shore and at an party but I'm in side
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge.
All you need now is some Jack Daniels maple syrup. Then you can get drunk on pancakes.
I sure do love y'all!
'Tanning Mom' is no friend of sunbed industry: Patricia Krentcil's story has given health advocates a new opportunity to discourage i...
thanks Caldwell but says franchise is heading in a different direction.
You did. I giggled a little here as well.
Tim Russell, a former aide to Gov. Scott Walker when he was county executive, arrested for theft. Faces 2 felonies.
“ The only thing we didnt get was a chicken haha we couldnt find one” Dozerr... :'(
I appreciate it when my friends ignore me when I'm right there.
Somebody ordered pancakes I just sip the sizzurp <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I didn't know anything, and and I had to ask for help -__-
Time to go get color for :) it's hair day bo boo!!!
HARDWORK BEATS TALENT IF TALENT DOESN'T WORK HARD. Repeat!
Make me believe...
Lots of luck tomorrow in the Mini.
I know, right? But I'm still going to pick up a few tickets on my way home from work tonight. Crazier things have happened. :)
follow me back??
Tune in 4 a special edition of Thirsty Thursday on Sideways TV tonite exclusive interview w/ Minister Kyle Earley of CVC. Don't miss!
It really pisses me off when people only like Austin because he is extremely good looking. Yes, he's adorable. But he's more than that.
Obama on the other hand is continuously locked out politically with his policy making so that it will look like he has failed
Whaddup birthday. God today I'm 20, no longer a teenager
Are you guys enjoying all of the imagines tweets?! xx
Thanks for following!
will begin 40 minutes minutes of meditation in 1 minute
CANT WAIT FOR #BELIEVE I'm so pumped!!:D
how many more you got? keep them coming. its killing me.
Tell me who you got in the Bulls-76ers series.
Oh I don't think it's the teachers; I look at school boards, pols & corps trying 2 privatize education. I think you're right...(1/2)
Yes is an understatement yeah ha
The Coffee Dinner will be individually 4 courses. Correct ?
Yeah, I'd like to meet new people too!
a black vest and a red tie? Are you secretly supporting DC tonight?
Good morning loved ones!!! Getting ready for work. Sleeppyyyy :(
noo look at you your so freaking beautiful rcmafksajf
ok, please DM acct# or phone+zip. i'll check on this for you
Maybe LL Cool J was just an avid bicyclist?
lots of things...
Just got upgraded to SECOND ROW at OVO! Awesome start to vacation!
Boy we got us somethin special, I know it aint nothin' better; you can trust me cause im tellin ya, ion want nothin else!
too representative of closed-system evil to live with. I think that's the one you're really hanging on too. :)
Thanks for the luck! 2012!!
An abundant arrangement of lilies, gladiolus, or hydrangeas create an inviting environment for an expansive entryway or dining room.
Follow RT Wonder what my doctor was implying when he said "No, really. You need to do more Kegels."
100% guessing.....damn i even impressed myself
Kept wondering who Tony Lucca reminds me of... I was thinking Brandon Walsh but no, it's Aidan Quinn!
I'm trying to work on my game. It's been a while since I last played but I may have something left in the tank. LOL!
yep. it was.
Well Thank you! RT : we like your web site!
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!! Seeing , , at Frankies!! All ages,$15 at the door. Put your costume on & let's go!!
thanks, Vala, and for helping it get as far as it has already!
are you rocking it out? I know u are!
Booze and BURN NOTICE! Relaxing after work!
I wish I was a pro a Spanish! It's all my moms fault. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
changing the litterbox
well i just called and he aint pick up..smh..
Boo Im Almost at 300 followers! Help get there give me some of yours you dont want! Lol
You guys have quickly become one of my favorite bands, Ships with Holes Will Sink is my favorite song. Keep the amazing songs coming!
So tired ugh
I'm guessing you have jaw tension or some TMJ equivalent?
Bryson g'moore Thompson one time for the road y not
woo, hopefully we can get tickets for that day:D
Thanks, Scott. It's been a good year so far. Nice weather helps.
hi wats up
Thanks! My first half.
Liberals are Communists in training?? Only in the minds of Conservatives!
If edcafes are a conversation among equals, the focus on a presenter is misplaced, isn't it?
A big wreck will brighten up anyone's day.
you already know!!!
When you text someone:"What do you feel like doing this weekend?" & they text,"I don't know. You?" that's different from "I don't know you".
At a bar with Seattlites post show
dinosaurs went extinct because they ran out of yogurt
Free event tonight! Julie Poplawski will be discussing her book "Fill Your Cup" and I'll be brewing up some tasty samples!
I'd still like to see people in higher ed, however, come together to do their work w/respect and curiosity for learning (cont.)
miss kitty's show! www.blogtv.com/people/Miss_Kitty1987
I'm determined to see the dictator tonight.
27-9, sweet 16, 3 top 5 wins...very happy and proud of what this tm accomplished. NO team worked harder or gave more
Wow GO KINGS GO!
Dolly Parton wrote that song, actually. RT : How bittersweet that the song Whitney Houston wrote is now her tribute.
Might go for a run so I can tire myself out and go to sleep.
dont try to be friends with someone you wanna f*ck ;; it never ends how you want it
's Hilary Shelton: Hunch is nothing but preexisting prejudice.
#TCAs are officially over :( party like an animal lol
#ThePerfectBoyfriend sends a Goodmorning/Goodnight text
#TheWomanInBlack comes out Thursday! So pumped! XD
put petroleum jelly (Vaseline) on them! It will make it stop!
I was wit my bae al damn day
My mom told me she dated Larry Bird's bother when she went to ISU.
work of art is genius. your best series ever. can't wait til its next season!
Jeremiah Jackson from Sewickley Academy is up to talk about a student led project on homeless children -
Happy birthday to and !
thank you (:
that's awesome!
You know you've been spending a lot of time on Twitter when ur frustrated you can't find the "retweet" button on smbdy's FB status update.
it hurt so bad!
4th Annual Iowa Golf Tournament, July 23rd at Arrowhead Golf Club.
Lee: Ppl don't think of drinking water as being connected to violence, but it is.
Dude, I hate to be unkind, BUT... Time has not been a friend to Paris Hilton.
Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!
Tried to make iced greentea today. Brewed the tea jus rite Add honey Fill the pitcher with ice Handle breaks now i got greentea floor scrub
You don't have to be playing to enjoy the Spirit Week Beach Volleyball tourney! Head over the Kearney to cheer on your favorite team @ 4 pm.
SO beautiful.
They r playing great retro 60's music at Wahlgren's like The Doors. Then some weird noise went off & it sent me into an MRI flashback.
TIP: search something popular like "Justin Bieber" then send that tweet to EVERYONE you see listed!
"f4f" •••<U+25BA> Following 289 - Followers 1132 Don't tell me you're
RT : well then get the hell off twitter (sung to the tune of 'take a load off annie') ...
Keeping up with your quips is tough! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Why does have such addicting music?! Haha fell asleep last night while listening to Stars Align :)
it's a great day to #begreat and be a #sconnie let the sports wi-kend begin
I'm more than overjoyed that people are recalling and remembering me in this light.
take me with:)
Thanks to all those who have and continue to serve our country.
He didn't love her he lusted after her
damn you were right last night! Good call, GO BRONCOS!!!!
Never underestimate the value of competitive intelligence. Being aware of your competitors' strategies can only help you refine yours.
Rise&Grind another day @ work who wants a new tattoo this month? Comment under this post and let know are some of your ideas
tell them you live at /dev/null
Thanks! :) Hope all is well for you too!
good looking Monday's starting tomorrow at Rokkincat! Suit it up!
Can't wait for Chris Brown to release his FORTUNE album it will defo reach the top spot
Happy Snowy Saturday!
you truly are a phenomenal rapper. I love you Pey :)
of course we remembered :) thanks for keeping the office from burning down
she kills me always wanna blame everything on me...ugh!
hello, I'm great wbu? And I'll follow them right now.
#DescribeYourPenisWithAMovie. The bone collector.
This Studio Session
When thugs Cry
thanks we're excited (:
Thanks Kathy! How are you these days?
Wow what a night - Alumni Society Casino night, NFL Draft, Rangers Win Game 7!! And even Devils win their GM 7. Great night
- Thanks for following us!
Sunshine and blue sky just in time for the #CBJ Season Ticket Holder event at the zoo - hope to see you there!
depends on other sides/meal. 1 potato pp is standard but if your mashed potatoes r the best then the answer is MORE.
Loving this awesome Ohio weather!
your seat was empty today
Now thats how you open a school year! Catt-LV!
is off work the rest of the day! Got errands to run. Where are all of "Monsta Clause's" "lil' helpas" at??? Holla atcha boy! Ho ho ho! LOL
Poor LeBron. Couldn't pull it off in the last second this time...
57 dollars in my #OutsideLands fund!
Zen masters pointed to the mind. They didn't like to talk about it. - Bill Porter, Zen Baggage
plays too much
Brunch special: Breakfast Skillet- Roasted red potato topped with two poached eggs, red peppers, red onion and a hollandaise sauce. $7.95
what makes you say that
40 years after man landed on the moon, I'm re-watching it in real time on a personal computer via the internet.
I hope I can see you guys soon when I'm back in Cali!
LOL! That's Tony P. Baby!!
Hey RT : hello there! :)
That's a Victorian-era criminal.
Tonight we made it to Cut Bank at the edge of the mountains & the end of our longest map. 68 mi & a sore knee after a French toast & TV ...
Going to bed. I'm a super duper sleepy head. #promNight/morning
Sex ": What does Wanton soup taste like?"
Peggy is a boss with a bottle of Jameson on her desk.
Thanks so much for the kind words - we'd love to have you at one of our upcoming Happy Hour Fridays!
Good for you! People are entitled to an opinion but get the facts right, right?
Yikes! Panic Attack Central!
Got a lot of things on my mind
PASTOR SHOULD OF KNOWN NOT TO STOP AT THAT GAS STATION.
Working on an SEO proposal for a potential client...always fun! The best part of our industry is getting to work with interesting companies.
Have you found The Avengers in 35mm? Let me know so I can RT. So far I know of the Vista in LA and the in Austin.
Preciate the shot out Lamont!
When you say "OH NO!" and the Koolaid man doesn't burst through your wall and say "OH YEAH!" ....
I'm getting sleepy
Oh that's great! What's planted?
Idaho state Senate is debating the ultrasound-before-abortions bill. I'm watching the Twitter feed #idleg. It's disheartening.
Overall, I enjoyed it though. We've had 3 debates so far, and Smith's surrogate has done worst in all 3.
Listening to while driving makes me go a lot faster than I should
Went on a walk. Got a blister! Could be sock-related. To post a blister pic or not?
the houston texans 7 winning game end also
#kiddori originated from a "there should be an app for that" moment while I was shopping. I'm happy I get to share it with you all. :-)
Best stand up in years (or ever) last night at Laugh Factory w/ surprise treat apperances by Dane Cook & gaggles of other TV/film actors
you are so awesome
Sure, no problem.
Merry Christmas Eve to all! Enjoy, rejoice, and be safe. Felicidades a todos!!
“: #36. Before I die, I would like to participate in a flash-mob.”
I got u, lol
Go State! Nice upset.
"It comes with a hat."
Ready for Kansas Basketball
IM HYPE ! i luv my nxqqaz n last block on gold day, they b havin me weak
I seen u cheating Rudy
Good Am Fam N Fellow twitters Get This Money don't let how you maken it get you!
Can't wait to see you guys in real life! Yay!
damn right now... haha
I cant wait until after school !
Hell no! You rock Billy! I actually like your newer stuff... "New Future Weapon" and "Body Snatcher" are great rock n' roll!!!
Looking like a raging alcoholic!!! Bitch stop drinking!!!
We want to make a Geek Fight set based on anime fandom. Any ideas?
we never went fishn! Wtf is up with tht?
LOVE it when ppl ask me why do u LOVE ")
really? O.o
thanks lil bruh before you know it... You'll be next God bless
The moral of the story is pineapples don't have sleeves.
Remember Kindness
i agree! not sure what context you're talking about, but yeah!
CMU's CapStone program is helping LG to do some killer apps on the smart TV area.
Bachata ... A way to a girls heart <3
Just completed Week 1 - Day 1 of #C25K with
Sounds like a good thing, once the panic passes and the breathing resumes.
OUR 1ST RELEASE 's "Forget About Tomorrow" is on and iTunes as of today! Listen, buy, support the Colorado EDM scene!
Thanks, Tef! salute.
its my life long dream !! I don't think he will but NEVER SAY NEVER <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
kloscher it was my first time today! mine was delicious! highly recommend the beer beef torta, but need to get it quick, they run out!
I received an email, and saw it on my page this morning. Even if you gave $.50 I would still be happy you thought about donating.
rock out to The Sliders and never look back! (yeah I know that doesn't rhyme or anything, just go with it!)
HYPOCRISY! tells 2 give back $ of "endorsement" supporters. How about u give back that 200K in anti gay $$ Carl!
For some reason, I don't think he's interested...
Yeah, I got into Howard and Hampton back then and had to turn both down for the same reason :(
omg. Best. Tweet. Ever.
okay wait me :J ?
make it so!!
Bang Bang Club
LOL, Novak died. Thanks, no uptown, just lucky to have a gig.
um......well Melissa and Morgan will definitely tell u I am a "work in progress."
I agree with the good season and good game. Don't wanna hear the rest
I'm following you :)
whatchu think bro <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
I hate it when I try to fix something on my website and I just make it worse.
boy what a nice day outside
B.E.T is airing a wonderful tribute to Whitney's music. #ALWAYSLOVEYOU Let's remember her music not her life...we all fall short...
you looked gorgeous in my jewels darling!!! Mwa mwa kisses love you!!
Elizabeth Park of John L Scott Real Estate (Barkley Village) is probably one of the most helpful people I have ever met!
"...her hands command the lightning, her body the thunder." This is my work.
"If you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best."
You guys think its almost warm enough to put some tank tops in the Night Owl store?
;) whoop thanks girl
I Cried When I first saw . Simply beautiful.
aw yea i knw dhat was scary!
how much I love Chelsea Grin's new song <33
It makes me giggle when fat girls bounce and wobble. Maybe I will be happy if I date a fat girl hahahahahaha
I have 300 tomato plants started. Most are over 8 inches tall. Any of my followers who want to get a jump on the season tweet me up $3 ea.
no. Here YOU go walking down the stair and grabbing me a 40
We're opening the door to the Parlour again today. Who's coming in?
LAME. gotta learn to hold your trop like a real SENIO12.
“: I'm sure that drunk guy you hooked up with last weekend really liked you.”
why your senior??
People who mess with your head -_-
thank you!!!
#Alto s are awesome. :-D
Socia Media now accounts for 22% of all time spent online in the US
papabear be coming to you soon mamabear.
If I were a Duck, I'd be trying to kill myself right about now too RT : Duck family now SB I-5 at Corbett Ave blocking shoulder
Hello tweet world! We are First Class Rentals providing luxury short & long term rentals. Get more for less!
If I don't tweet in about an hour, call 911 because I have passed out from starting back in the gym
As always, it is what it is.
": Thank you for live tweeting for #SPIndy tonight." Thanks from the #Stutz Artists too!
on getting more young girls interested in tech educ and careers
#Aztecs are trying to get their way back into this one, but still trail 43-51 with 12 left.
Oh girl said she loved the tats
Yeah, I think it's mostly about the sex.
This #FollowFriday check out - Then stop by the store for a frozen treat!
What breakfast menu item is said to have been brought to America by the Irish? a. Porridge b. Bran Muffins c. Oatmeal d. Waffles
Go follow :]
RT : learning about , a project of for interfaith. i am officially a #socialmedia convert
Trying to watch the Royals game and win a twitter contest.
Love to hear that! Which hotel are you at?
Great Mission indeed! Thanks for the tweet. You going to make the trek from Sammamish to a Belltwon happy hour with us some day?
nah I'm thinking he's been cultivating that thing since the early 80s.
Wow, try using the new on a netbook - complete #FAIL - header is too big - I can barely read articles
God won't let you drop out. He'll test test you til you pass.
thanks Gary!
I live about an hour from there! It is no problem, just depends on what day/time you fly in on so I can see if I'm working
Hi Thank you for the follow. My last name, Swearingen, is Dutch. It used to be Van Swearingen. Kind regards.
RT: Jim Murphy I just cracked my f'ing #iPhone!
Has anyone been to club secrets?? Crazy saturday nights with godj mankind!!
Ok time to send these fans from schaumburg!
Jamie Dimon is not the ineffective CEO type he's been a good bank CEO for a long time.
Thanks for listening! Glad we didn't ruin our chances.
Enjoyed your vlog abt Facebook. I always felt my page should be more “friends” than “fans,” but maybe I need to rethink it.
Travels colliding. Just met people behind #Aulani PR at #prsaicon about a month after I stumbled upon the hotel's grand opening
Drove up to Limerick, took lots of pix of the beautiful trees and mountain views, mossy rocks, a woodland stream.
Ugghhhh I left that ass
seriously I'm in the same boat
Soaking in knowledge (some have Coronas) with and
“: you can be Lana and i can be that guy in the background of that song that i still don't know" ahah yes okay!
Aye, , but we must keep off the moors...
Students who write inappropriate things on walls, desks and in bathrooms.. Grow up already
#Pandora has become my new best friend
We caught a squirrel sucking water from a leaky kitchen faucet; it also burrowed inside our living room sofa. My theory...
Control ya kids ma'am b4 I give them cavities with my lifetime supply of candy!
I thought I was already following you, ha. Sorry! But thanks for all the laughs. :)
Shoutout to Central Seniors!!!!
New Orleans Head Coach suspended for a YEAR without pay…wow!
do they have just a list of when they're going where instead of having to search?
Famine came again, and the cub with clearer consciousness knew once morethe bite of hunger
HOUSE CALL: Oral contraceptives — Multiple uses help to improve quality of life
:* hey lovely!
Privatizating/auctioning off our public schools is not the answer. How about increased $ & sustained invstmnts in #literacy & #earlyed?
I'm sure they will but ill still stop buy
THanks for following - great tips on your site!
anytime. If you ever have any clients that need SEO , feel free to send them my way.
Just turned in my Ruby on Rails final exam for fall semester 2011. I had to do it in Rails 3.0.10 (current as of then). My how times fly.
I'm on #11tips with ipad and can not join chat, see polls, or otherwise participate. FYI
Thanks for the retweet!
BGC Reunion is going hard tonight. Camilla was beating ass 0_0
How am I suppose to #fap with 2% battery-_-
Well I didn't say I don't follow some demented people after all, look at me LOL
RT : RT : TRAFFIC ALERT: There are still traffic lights out. PLEASE treat intersection as 4-way STOP
cracking down on my homework
Far East Movement are so bad I thought they were the Black Eyed Peas
I'm quick to diss
Wooohoo and plus, who in their right mind would even attempt to unfollow you Jess?
lol that's like the main thing in my icon is like his nipple lol
thanks for following us
I've tried it... It is pretty hard!
I did an hour ago. Felt amazing
Nice. Gotta read some of your stuff!
there he goes
Or hidden within a gnarly beard?
Great rehearsal! Squeezing in one more before the reading.
too much hair and too much Aerosmith
Rehearsal is complete at the main stage theatre for the Global Collection
#mlanet12 For non-LAC and NPC members, do you know the tie into flying monkeys and MLA '12?
"Never dull your shine for somebody else."
There are only two options regarding commitment. You're either IN or you're OUT. There's no such thing as life in-between. Pat Riley, Coach
So my kitten tryna fight this new kitten i got today lol..juz messy!
Practice tomorrow :x
love the profile pic!
You're welcome! We're having a great Thursday, how is yours going?
Look for a Texas Americana music festival coming to the San Antonio/Texas hill country in the near future. Good stuff!
Now I need to go back to Costco. . . There don't seem to be many grocery stores in this area.
I want to make a pyramid of my money, slide down it & tell my family you'll never have to worry about money again.
It's important to never get the big head.Once you lose the respect of the people it's almost impossible to get it back.
nah I'm goin out on friday :)
from 2 hours still listen who says, haha, i love it! <U+2665> :)
Quitting is not an option when you realize you were built to succeed
amen girl amen
Let's start at one, and count the days... (1/40)
studying: the act of watching tv, eating, and texting with an open textbook nearby.
You should let me love you.
- also we're following you now!
Blood clot in Mariano Rivera's right calf has been revealed as the mystery complication.
that young sintra I video is fucking amazing
3pm Sunday. At a wonderful event w booklovers. You?
24 days Justin!!! Can't believe it! So happy! this movie will change my life:)
Set my alarm for 6PM instead of 6AM. I blame the Darkest Hour Imperial Beer Stout. It was worth it.
LOL, is that really gonna work? What are you trying to right?
Through TRIAL & ERROR you will eventually PERFECT your TECHNIQUE & ESTABLISH a whole "NEW BEST PRACTICE!" ;-)
You may be wondering if this is a person or a computer responding.
Isn't it time for credit unions to become the Cult Brand for financial services?
#Germany Bad boy Union #CivilWar General Joe Hooker. Controversial Novel "General Hooker's Gal" by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
8yo just came up and asked if I knew what channel the "guys dressing up as women" is on. #RuPaulsDragRace #WhatHaveIDone O_o
We have been at our KK location for 1 year now! To say THANK YOU, we are offering you a FREE OUTDOOR WORKOUT on Sunday, May 6th from...
Yeah, ridiculously talented. Crazy how he fell apart. Still, no real risk for the O's, so anything they get from him is gravy.
GIS crew at #cchaiti #dc is in a separate building away from the main hiv. Learning the ropes on QGIS.
Got my milk now I wanna fuck someone and ill be happy
I C , I'm trying to get a few more peeps to make a team
That's music to my ears!
lolol cause I'm in the inside of the seat hiding xD & Ikr. I couldn't leave my bed this morning
sorry for pity partying.
Definitely bout to get darker!
“The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials.” ~Confucius
RT From : Do something DICEE: Deep, Intelligient, Complete, Empowering & Elegant.
Very excited for climbing vids tonight at the kiggins in #vanwa, after party at the source!
Am I the only Sunday subscriber seriously ticked that they run Sun content that I pay for on website as early as prev Wednesday??
Followed you back<33
No full story at wordpress just a bite. I will post it in a couple of minutes.
#RememberThatKidInSchool you bullied? Yeah, he committed suicide. Think of consequences before you do repugnant things.
Fucking makes you short!
is sessy as fut. With the sexy shoulder.....
We Bought a Zoo - liked it, but now I want one.
If it ain't broke, don't marry it
just finished the new logo for our latest project. Get ready to be prepared ;)
it takes a while to build custom drums, but no returned phone call? That is just
lol depends on the promise! :p but whats up?
watching Bridesmaids with (:
Currently looking for a good movie to watch on Netflix
Truth for anyone is a very complex thing. For a writer, what you leave out says as much as those things you include. -Jeanette Winterson
Wish someone would stop calling me names
pecan pie.... Yummy
Is it wrong that I'm kinda wishing for a tragedy to occur onstage right now?
seaworld slaves.. =( poor whales!
has discovered the Star Cricket channel. All cricket. All the time.
Hey. Create back channel
I'm a magazine I saw closet I'm jealous it's huge...it's pink....It's my dream closet
yepp always will be
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living; the world owes you nothing; it was here first. ~ Mark Twain
yay! We can hang out then.
A success The Unleashing Joy. So much success ....Check on the pictures on Facebook. Dr. Cynthia Harris
Have you ever thought of doing a podcast about traffic and patterns? Planned cities? Sounds fun! (not really but interesting!)
Oh gosh.. I hate my laugh so much.
riding the first of two buses between the campuses where i work. oh the glitzy life of an adjunct.
The anger guy is this calm collected guru who has no problems and helps others be serene as he is....April Fools!!!
aw thanks! :)
Each month Car Crafters wants to share with you specials or promotions.
time to get my priming on.
Brunch was spectacular!
Ah sthu! :) I told you I was on the phne!!!
Whens shit pays off.. I wont have anyone else to thank but myself & God.
I was thinking Pete Campbell would scatter his brains or Roger would have a heart attack while fucking some chick...
OR help with the Tent Village set-up (Thurs 5/3 AM & aft.) & earn one free festival screening voucher in exchange for every 2 hours worked!
Can't wait! RT : Thanks for the retweet. September 15 it right around the corner!
In life u can absolutely count on 1 thing:Everything can turn in 1 min.Don't u dare giving up,u might be only 1 moment away from a windfall.
: Norwegian data showed that people tend to over-report their mobile phone use, with correlation w/ actual use around .5
RT Talk to a man about himself and he will listen for hours. - Benjamin Disraeli
I think it might take more than cash. Will have to be some serious $$$.
coolest news today: Pluto has a new moon, no mythologically-inspired name yet, but it joins Charon, Hydra, and Nix.
logistics video done! Wo0t! P.S. minor changes to PoPS, so let's chat!
For now on Yall follow me
o yeA i remember those days....yu will b hm soon doe rite...
body shop and stuff wbu ?!
MMA estimates 25% of U.S. population (54.8M) will own a tablet by the end of 2012!
I have noticed that also man its full of little kids that like to tattle
i think we are supposed to go to a concert in an hour, boyfriend is still asleep. i can't wake him though, i'd feel bad.
Playoff Hockey?! The Pens lost, hockey season is over! Lol
so annoying, but I love zapping them!
Goodnight Everyone <3
Decided to go carb free from now until Easter. This should be interesting...
Have you seen the movie, "The Ultimate Gift"? This one is a "must see" if you haven't. Share your gifts with the world!
Koala drama?! Hilarious lol “: ah.cool...currently watching a show about koala drama in Austr and NZ”
Carton of orange juice with 120% vitamin C.
Blah stupid school. No work tonight yay!!!!!
Did I just see Kristen Bell doing a Kotex commercial? Throw a sloth in there or something..
JANINE!(: how have u been?!
#Aday ah! It is on
Looking forward to going home and hanging out with my kid. Yeah, I'm that person.
I've got the board members that tell me we can't do projects because we can't get volunteers.
watching Eat Pray Love in French... I love watching American movies in French
The rest of us have not all seen the other live ones. We will all decide which one to use on Monday :)
I'm glad that michonne decided to join the party....took to long!!
Moving brings out the worst in people.
okay isn't good enough
LOL...you're so sanctified!!
lmfao..... uh.... who are you? lmfao i'm joking loser :)
Yeah it's fairly straightforward. If you want something even more simple then you can try tumblr like
get the hell out of there and go to ur nearest OUTBACK!!! LOL
No. This is the first special election in SD46 under the current district boundaries.
Oh boy! Bronchitis? Yikes! Glad to hear you're feelin better & the hubs is back at work!
Heat just disappointed me <U+E40E>
a lil beautiful
im annoying , i annoy myself...its pathetic baaah
LOL IM GONE ROCK IT THO
Dancing with the Stars elimination show is painfully trying to kill the one- hour time slot. Tedious filler.
The official name is a ScottyBall.
did I not tell you about how a naked woman ruined my gym bag by sitting on it, naked? there were shoes and a racquet in that bag...
Is it valuable outside the trilogy (e.g., for teaching, or a quick review?) Can it stand alone? Also: fun? I snored thru Empire
kickin up dust at Lucy's.....do it, son!
We'll be at the Mind Tripping Show Come join us for some freaky, fantastic fun!
Stay tuned!!!!
site instead of ? Want to find a way to move info btwn social media the easiest. Like more though/
Tonight, I'm going to sleep.
Maybe he's in a shed somewhere. RT : Only good aspect of Craig James running for Senate -- he's not allowed to call Holiday Bowl.
Don't choose the one who is beautiful to the world. But rather, choose the one who makes your world beautiful.
It's a "fall asleep to pandora" kinda night
do u have a dvd player on the bus I got some dvds for u when u hit chi n indy lol
Tony Roberts just put it dwn for philly u a funny bull lookin forward to the next show!!!
I'll get something up by tomorrow afternoon.
Long day. I think i will eat some sushi.
Been slacking on my tweet game tho lol ... Hello world
lol how many ppl actually come to the library eh?
I just think he answered a question for an article to be honest. Timing more to do with not being named all-star than contract
I love my friends<3
tattoos aren't all they're cracked up to be... just don't get anythig too tacky.. something small tasteful and cute :-)
Can someone just give me ?! No? Oh. Okay...
TGIF to all ..Feel nice when its FRIDAY ;)
took a nap after work and I'm still strugglin to get up
creighton is 10-1 in MVC finals, the 1 loss the only other OT game for the Jays in the finals when CU lost to Tulsa in 1984
No room for IGNORANCE
In the office, wearing 4 layers. Still freezing. Put boiling water in a mug just to keep my hands warm.
We have a show tomorrow at The Talent Farm with #TheseHearts! 6:30 Hit us up for presales and save $4
Find what you love and let it kill you
I may not have a plan like the smart kids,I may not always listen to everyone, but I know where I am heading is gonna be somewhere i wanna b
Panic mode <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
Just wondering how long this line of traffic is
hey cuz welcome to twitter :-) xoxox
Do you avoid using Myspace because of it's layout/dashboard, or it's inundation of advertisement?
At the Royals Vs Tigers game with the girlfriend.
It's a good question. Do you mean bringing the #ELTchat to those who aren't on twitter?
Happy National pretzel Day!!! What's better on a pretzel than UJPM!!!
#opendata #gov20 #opengov #ca Other gov agencies need open data in an open public data format too.
listening to #addicted for like the 30th time now, I can't get enough I'm addicted to you !!!! <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
big ups to the rubber city...
Just got back to #Dallas. Great trip to #wmc. Time to really get to work. ;-) Remixes in the can and new mixtape this fri!
And by "with" I mean....he's in the movie...not in my house... but I'm sure you guessed as much.
Guess River isn't the Doctor's mom after all. Now is the little girl his daughter or the Master?
People who walk hard always have to be on the top floor, they are just as bad as people with bad breath always getting up close in your face
Can you send to & we can look into it for you? Sorry about the delay.
When I'm mad, I always tweet "dumb."
that was jim carrey type of goal tending...in his last year, that is
Aye Mayweather was there too. He can get it.
Get your self together go give your brain a bath. go to church, start listening & get on the right path .
I don't think stopping identity theft is easy, but having identity theft protection and restoration services is the key.
RT - I got the #Cleveland Cavaliers, Cleveland Indians,& the Cleveland Browns on my mind this morning. #NoPlaceLikeHomeTweet!
Good Morning Beauties! Inner Quote: "Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us." -JimmyJohn N. Mitchell
Today I completed the trifecta in my wallet. I'm now a member of Actor's Equity!
well let's stop feeling shitty and get happy.
Books are for coloring, not for reading my friend!
Killin' it in the lab right now.
Grow them for the beards of yesteryear. We support you both!
The most funniest people are in fact most depressed .
Jerry reminds me of comic book guy from the Simpsons.....
Anyone got the recipie for beer-battered maple bacon spring break cupcakes?
me, myself, and I, and warm weather. What else do I need?!?
1 more reason to despise Paul Ryan. RT : On Morning Joe, Paul Ryan admits to being lifelong Cubs fan.
Regular show!
how cute :)
Just woke up today is gonna be a #YOLO kinda day
I have no freakin' clue.
ctfu truuuu but i dnt deny my shid im sleepy rite now
: I love that camera shop
Tough call. I thought looked great.
And if G Jimmy Howard cannot attend, just place a sieve in his place RT Detroit Red Wings To Be Featured In HBO’s 24/7...
sorry to hear you didn't have the best experience. Is there anything we can do to help you?
Loving your blog on state of public schools!
Playing at world cafe live tonight at nine.
I'm going to hold you to that!
Actually it's 68 teams, but we don't want to confuse too much. 64 is fine!
Wired World of Sports podcast 3 is uploaded.
I was absolutely in love with Siamese Dream and walked out halfway through that Pumpkins set. Terrible.
yay for phillip phillips making it to the #idol finale! now time for the season finale of #greysanatomy !
Also ---> We have Jobs and Fundraising Programs available....let me know when you get some time to check things out...Tour?
cuz i never knew u wanted me
Or my own. RT : It's the 'smoking with rage and shame at the shortcomings of my fellow man' emoticon. ~X-[
SCHOOL -.- , WHO HAVE SCHOOL TOMORROW IN FRIDAY 13th ? Hahaha
she's in Louisiana..
Nick Collins was a 2nd rd pick in 2005 out of Bethune-Cookman. Many "experts" said he was a "reach" at the time. Three pro-bowls later...
Calling the United Nations: You need to take serious action.
Thank you! :)
No one is watching me cry right now. but i wish that any one of you knew . . . . .
"can i ask you something?" "you're already asking..."
My son is practicing his vocals, he sounds great! I hope he will continue playing classical music on the keyboard too.
wait, we what for lunch? Sorry that typo threw me off:p
oh yeah
Looks like the maid quit, oh wait that's me. Spending this Saturday cleaning :/
Hello Milwaukee. It’s Wino Wednesday again! Join us for half off splits and half bottles! 6-close!
Soon entertaining 2 chemists from Waterford Institute of Technology (Ireland). Trying to land them a tour of Historical Academy of Medicine.
Pondering how to be excited about a religion without being a zealot or offend others.
BAHaHa I kno rite! Here's 2 hopin Timmy tries Xtra hard 2nite, & I'll catch the ball if he misses, one handed!
. listing many branches of Cow Clicker. "It was by far my most successful project; I'm trying to come to terms w that."
Hello Twitterverse and rainy Chicago.
Praying for You Excelerated Healing! Won't Be Long!
&& was standing in the next line frm me…TF? Grow another effin testicle…
Just got pulled over by police for not having my plates on- so I asked them to put them on!
hey Rick. Don't know if you get these while on the show but Fox News is reporting that Chris Henry has passed away...
haha i gotcha
I heard that The Real World is releasing a mod with a new difficulty setting: Rich Bro. You level up by drinking beer.
Yeah, she really earned it. No one came close, especially of those three.
that's the thing, it worked at school when they tried to fix it
there goes the big lead.
Man I love watching bills be passed at 12:22am. I thought this was a platform in the last election.
For the entire dream I had last night, the song Fuck You by Cee Lo was playing in the background. Now I hate it even more
Frankly, I think is more afraid of than the Green Goblin (as he should be!)
How Was Your Day ?(;
Gettin brain wit my seat back, sipping Ace til my wig crack
S/O to Derrick Rose get well homie #BullsNation forever
only 1 hr?“: did I come home from work at 11:30pm and then dance embarrassing Star Wars dances for an hour? Yes. Yes, I did.”
Harry Vaughan~ If you cant stand the heat get out of the kitchen.
Its yummy! :)
James jones HOW COULD U DROP THAT BALL?
I'm going to have to knock her out so she wont say anything
hi bby, so your hoodie died, i cant give it back :p
A2 Client/vendor thank you notes, seek referrals & testimonials. Tidy office/ computer, make lists. Breathe. Sch. vaca 4 nxt yr.
Glenn Frey has a new album of old standards? Dear lord....no. I want him to remain forever a decadent rocker in my mind.
Rap music has become so laughably bad that Serena Williams can rap and be just as listenable as any other commercial rapper!
The "Virtual Library" here is now the "Communications & Systems Dept" handling web/print communications, databases, & the library's network.
Summer Summer SummerTime...
HMM ALL hackers will be k*****
Crown The Empire is going to be here in june. i need to find a ride.
Cool... I'll be looking forward to it
lol i wanna see her too but i gotta make sure everything in place be4 she come
All Pokemon talk about themselves...
There are so. Many. Visors. Here. Somanyvisors.
'Wait Til You See My Smile' super loud on headphones taking a walk in spring weather. the drums come in.. AAH!
Loving the rain. Maybe I'll spend the evening on the porch.
RT : I'm peeing with at the moment..and we can confirm that we are going to make new AD eps and a movie
#MiamiHeat insider previews the 1st round series vs Knicks with right now on &
girl suck my balls!! its too early for your bull Tamburia
why have you deleted your other profile and what is our problem dont you love me anymore xx
RT : Phone is off the hook...... people I didn't even kno had my number..... wow!
I'm just a fan of Preston Reed, saw you were in the area, thought I'd let you know of his performance!
Well, did you get the early start to this magnificent Monday?
With Lesnar retiring from UFC it looks like our UFC coverage will be retired. Unless someone else steps up...
Great State of Tennessee, aint no place I'd rather be.
“: To others, the world goes in one direction. To me, my world is One Direction.”
I love not having air conditioning at work and no ventilation!
Two little words "Yes...And". Make the difference. Levels A-E done in Chicago..yippie! next? What's ur fav?
Work was very long but fun,,,
hahahhahahahaha omg omg
wanna make some babies this v day?
Yes I'm young but I have no room for mistakes
I wonder what happened to my math teacher. I HOPE SHE NOT SICK.
Yesterday was a weird ass day...
what's your band called?
i wanna go to a party tonight <3
aw damn!
Who eat ass??? NIGGA dont FRONT....aint no way you done ate pussy and not slip up on her ass ijs .. then she act like she didnt like it lol
..ok Atlanta, we got him on rotation down here in the 352 on 101.3, expand that campaign & come perform "cashin out" in FLA
Black and White Dress to Impress Party 11/11/11 at Crow Canyon Country Club (w/ Optional Speed Dating) - [[link]
What's your favorite department to shop at the Flagship?
nope that you who Is stunning
Got A Text My Heart Stopped. Thought It Was Yur Name But It Wasn't. Shouldn't Get My Hopes Up For Nothing.
iPad. What an unfortunate name.
I'm addicted to that show! It really makes me wonder sometimes. I'd love to meet her as well :)
- Im sure whoever posted that didn't do it intentionally. :)
What movie to watch tonight? Ideas..?
"If you're young and drink a lot, it'll spoil your health, slow your mind, make u fat - in other words, turn you into an adult." PJ O'Rourke
Just met the Mayor of Subway Town in Rage. He must have the most check-in's on Foursquare.
thanks 4 the followback! if u need sharpening or shears call text or tweet! new webstore will b up soon! have a great day!!
Ovens are on the way from Italy
Lmfaoo RT : #YouKnowHowIKnowUrGay you have a penis and you were on your friends shoulders at
Happy early Mother's day to all the wonderful mothers. "There is no way to be a perfect mother.. but a million ways to be a good one."
i dont like you you hurt my feelings
More on #Trayvon #Martin and how Minnesotans are getting involved. Coming up on the
#Bulls star Derrick Rose figures to need six to nine months of recovery time from torn ACL
Very nice. I'm just on a Rebel for personal stuff, I'm no pro by any means, but was considering a new lens. Any suggestions?
That feeling of being unwanted or only wanted when needed for convenience.
It sounds like you've got a busy trip coming up, Oliver! How long will you be in the states for?
haha explains so much...
I love spring. Even if it does make my eyes and throat itch. =)
new sneaks new me
Without restrictions, you'd see kids transferring like crazy. RT They have to sit out a year. Isn't that enough punishment?
BABY DIRTY BRAIN BORED - MAKE HER YAWNY YAWN
i was watchin the knicks since 99 when they made t to the finals as a. 8 seed
Organic Chocolates. Local Raw Honey. Fruit Butters. Unique Confections. Local Organic Raw Daily Detox & Energy Drink. Hope to see you soon.
Ugh, curtain rod kits made in China. Half of the screws have broken or were malformed. How do you screw up a screw?
Dear ugly - quit uglying.
Tonight on after the game: a World War Two airman from Port Washington will be buried in Arlington, 67 years after his death.
please come back to florida to meet your fans one of my biggseteams in life is to meet you so I can say how much youve helped me!
see my homey's in the crowd. Thanks for sharing Rob
Please follow me???(:
A single text from you can change my mood at any moment
Listening to music.
Its funny because I read for the 20min of silent reading, and I know when to put my head up because she shakes the ground<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
a walk to remember comes on tonight : )
C3PO-Sir, the possibility of successfully winning #megamillions is approximately 175.7 million to 1. Han-Never tell me the odds.
holla check out some of my music on my page if you get time
haha I know. You too!
Oh up and down. Mostly up! Your trip looks inspiring!
21 Jump Street is probably the funniest movie I've seen since Bridesmaids.
like angels!
Every single time my dog poops it feels like a big victory.
I think I sustained a decent concussion from your tub yesterday. Feeling pretty soupy up there. haha
Its a joke. I know it's teachings..that is why I am now a happy #atheist ;)
I bust my ass trynna pass my classes, I'm late ONCE with a reasonable excuse & they told me not to even bother coming to school anymore.
It's possible that the code was implemented in the latest patch.
The Kobes that Kobe got on >>>
I hope the new jerseys add some of the blue back in.
He is comparing HOW you use social media with the skill of spammers. That is all. He's not talking about your work.
Pat Monahan of has a voice that hits such delightful frequencies that he can cause spontaneous orgasms. That or I have a problem
Spend life with the people who make you happy, not the people who you have to impress.
Im Wit U On That One!
Team 83 really does
No all-Williams matchup after Stosur win
ha ha..nothing much at home..again
It's #4/20 and the only drug I will be taking is
Had an amazing time with and friends today.
i cant befriend a EX. Nope srry. You a EX for a reason meaning. EX out
like you'll have to make a shutterfly photo book GOOD!! Have a safe New Years! Gary is gettin' stoked for his holiday!
Now that is impressive. :] RT : I just rebooted a server process from my phone at a #SXSW panel. Weird.
#reasonsthatimsingle because I can't find a guy who has goals in life.
Up late, shopping for furniture. Ah!
u can look but u can't touch!!! #letrynocoachthecubs!!!
Well. All the better, then. :-) Thanks for the rec!
i got one more semester before i graduate but i'll be home friday for the summer :)
Forget school. Let's just go straight football practice
It can't be a coincidence that the PS Network outage coincided with Sony's settlement with Geohot.
thanks for the reply :-)
I have the answers to the ethics test if anyone needs them.
you charge for online play because it "costs money." we pay the money, and yet you still don't provide good servers. wtf?
thanks bro. It was a live set
Alright! See you soon! “: I'll be there!!”
Some things you wanna tweet so bad but its probly better i dont lol
haha ive always thought that. character is Daenerys Targaryen. Actress is Emilia Clarke. she's blonde in the show & very badass
D-Will, D-Rose > CP3
At the gym listen to party tonight by ... And on that note I cant wait to go party afta class tonight
oh Halloween is so close!
Know yo role bitch
I want to see the new Dredd movie. No, scratch that. I NEED to see the new Dredd Movie.
boots to asses
Take my hand and I wont look back
Thanks! I decided it was time for a change!
": Also, I didn't mean to turn u on"HAHAHAHA!!! Oh yes you did...
Hottest fiat ever.
What is the success to TV time ratio difference between Rob Ryan and Dick LeBeau?
Congrats for launch of Journal of Digital Humanities!
RIP Bob Brookmeyer
"Did you see what Obama looks like now? Poor guy, his hair's going all grey!"
I did, and finished all the assignments relating to it thank GOD!!!!
IG keeps putting a big black box across the bottom-right of my pics. It's annoying and ruins my pic/experience.
Are you kidding me?
Don't miss today's keynote w/ Natl Geo photographer Dewitt Jones over at the convention ctr at 8 a.m.
Welcome to the mind of a maniac..
I found a wonderful gift in the final pages of <U+0414><U+0430><U+0440>: a lost glove!
"...the breath holds the secret to the highest bliss. ~Alexander Lowen... plus the calmest heart & the clearest skin. ;)
Have to catch up on the latest episode of #Glee but after I finish
EXCUSE ME? HOW COULD I FORGET ABOUT GISELLE 'GEEGEE' DIAZ? THAT DOESN'T HAPPEN
I'm in san antonio. Revolution Room. (in the blue room ). Donnie Dee in the Bassment doing his thing.... 10pm. That is all. :-)
a bit defensive on the reporter side, but the undercurrent is basically, it's all
I cant stand watching deal or no deal..
Amen missy :) Miss you and so excited to hear ur new album loves xx
Hey peeps, please don't forget to check out #KnowHowToDance now on
DON'T TALK ABOUT IT BE ABOUT IT
For a show called #Smash you would think they would be making a musical that was…I don’t know…good?
Just wait - many more exciting tweets to come!
have you tried just turning off notifications in the app settings? If I hadn't done that, I would've had to delete FB/Foursquare.
“You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.”
Yeah, too many people drinking the Kool Aid without me. Maybe I'm missing something.
Good, I am glad.
told ya
My doggie tested positive for Lyme disease. Bo
Be careful what you wish for.
those microfiber Adidas ones are dope
I camt really say anything on twitter anymore because everyone is a damn critic ad the stalk me in school -_-
Rest in Peace Whitney Houston... you were a truly gifted person..
Tomorrow is me mum's birthday...she prob. thinks I forgot but NO!! <U+2665> <U+25D5><U+203F><U+25D5>
Thanks for the RT!
ALL WE WANT IS JUSTIN BIEBER DAMN IT
Oh, Lesley... It was so beautiful. You need to work less and go to movies with me more.
Chocolate puts me in such a good mood. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I hope it was a valuable experience. Tell us how it went.
in thirty minutes I will have a beer in my hand. which is EXCITING.
We have done a number of City and Fun tours, and love Segway! I would love to own one but they aren't legal here
King's Speech was GREAT Will we see you at salsa tomorrow?
I wish my boyfriend would come home.
returning to Austin? found ya'll via . Me n my daughter will NEVER forget 2008. Please?
I can't believe a TV show just made me cry.. lol.
Passing out flyers for marissa and marina padilla case.
Ramona Braganza: Lose the Last 10 Pounds by Memorial Day Weekend
#BOYFRIEND now please!
I can't keep Chips Ahoy in the house. They call to me @ night if I try...
it must of been you
Thank you so much!
The Wheels on the Bus : Sequencing, Rhyming, following directions, wh ?'s
Fresh from "Brooklyn Castle," doc on some amazing jr highers, at 6:50 today (and 11:50 am Mon) in
Just finished watching the Princess..so how do you raise grateful, confident and empowered children who don't feel entitled?
do you think that dude realizes the green M&M is a girl now?
Oh Henrik is better than Marty? I'm sorry but who has the most victories in NHL history? Oh yeah, Marty. Brodeur>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
If he ends up on the Wizards they just need to throw a shit ton of money at Calipari and have him coach Wall+AD
ill bet your some hot chick pretending to be Kelly Kelly oh well. it's still nice chatting with you though. ;)
STORAGE WARS DC!
Saddeat funeral ever
what the fuuuuuuuuuuuck omg i'm speechless
u & me both startng w/ a new job ! They wrote me up ..
It's impossible to be at Balboa Park on a gorgeous day like this and NOT smile.
Have any IRENE SURVIVOR designer shirts? Tweet us your link!
Obvious (or should be) fact: There is no better marketing for a tech vendor than an enthusiastic customer that can articulate its value!
:) just wrestled my 15 year old brother....I still got him! Im tired then a mfer tho!
Don't do it with flaming bags of poop, that an get ugly and kind of ruins a fun prank.
Character is the governing element of life, and is above genius. – Frederick Saunders
Thanks 4 the RTs and mentions this week:
Hm so it's takes almost $90.00 of gas to full up my work truck, but oh well Im not paying for it!!!!!
I never want to compare UK teams. Each one is unique & exciting.
what do U do normally? Do U hv any work I can peek at?
hopefully doesnt haunt them to the extent of Cam Neely...
wow what a half for the Bobcats.hope they can keep it going in the 2nd.
A good objective of #leadership is to help those who are doing poorly to do well and to help those who are doing well to do even better.
Deputy said he hasn't seen a plow for about a hour now.
Wow #chicago - spot #thunderstorm and a #rainbow in downtown Chicago
I Hate My Mom >__>
If you have integrity, nothing else matters. If you don't have integrity, nothing else matters.
today is a great day...
I've to go to the mall to do some shopping
Losing you is like living in a world with no air
Getting 'in shape' for the new year, huh? Allow us to answer your fitness questions in 'tweets'. CG Philosophie
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
Gonna watch Brother Bear & eat Mac&Cheese with my sister. =)
Finally unpacked and settled in
Hi Twitter friend. Hope work is going well.
Merry Christmas and Happy Hanukkah to all!
I appreciate it, thanks. It's all good.
Watching TEDxFSU at the Fermentation Lounge.
Dear loud ladies to the right of me, This is MY cafe car and it is for working. Go discuss your butterfly tats in coach.
me me me me me me!
I see you favoriting my tweets >.>
Some movies are just hilarious.!!
Correction: #FF places to go & things to do
Download the "Live 365" app on your mobile phone, search and listen to #prettyprogressive live this Friday w/ !
The #weekend is upon us! What are your plans?
GO FOLLOW AKA LIL MO,1 of the DOPEST . U heard him on songs with
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.-- Mother Teresa
I haven't been sick in a long time I knew it was coming to a theater near you smh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Can it be about anything?
We're issuing a call 4 future BAEMP meet-ups! Where would you like to have an evening gathering? The , or elsewhere?
MT : Week 2 of spring starts [today] at 7 AM in the weight room. Coach Nagler and Coach Lynch pushing the boys hard!
When i set my sights on something...
UConn is out for redemption today
Direct TV on flight to San Francisco=I now know more about Kroy than I ever need to know in my life.
RT I had 3yrs of talking to myself. Half-hour to shop and back was all.
If you want effect change on an issue you have to tell the story through new and traditional media.
don't know yet!
S/O to bc i ws really down earlier bt he came & cheered me up iLY<U+2665>
Blake is on FIRE!!!!
IPads, streaming internet, even cars and TV's!!! 200 years ago We'd be witches and warlocks!
whoa! thats nice. you better win prom queen!
I'll remember you guys in the future. Already got rid of them for this weekend.
It's crazy.
new drink menu also coming....local craft beers, new wine list, cocktails!
Reading Ruskin, "The greatest glory of a building is its age, and we must therefore build for perpetuity."
lmfaaao man i be trying but it's hard shit.
Thanks man! Can't wait to come back! RT Mlando_Era happy birthday mr. Howes, come back to south africa soon to drink castle(beer). Enjoy man
Just got done playing with my new baby chicks and riding my horse sugar I love ridin I feel so free up there on my horse
The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook
I don't want to be socially acceptable.
Life is like a sewer... what you get out of it depends on what you put into it. ~ Tom Lehrer
Confidence boost? seek self discipline combined with a positive attitude.
So happy to hear news like this! I am on the cover of 3 magazines and it`s all about my iNickelodeonShow & iNickelodeonShowSoundtrack!
umm duh aha(:
Ok, my 1st real Tweet & Idk ? I'm doing yet. I want 2B inspired so I signedUp 2follow those who seem 2make a difference in the world! JN
made another twitter account. lost the password for my old one :(
I love you,
I can't wait to see :) I've missed her so much!!
I think is probably the closest we've gotten to a collective (albiet female) consciousness.
I know I didnt just hear my sisters boyfriend make a dirty comment to her ..
Presenting my new #gis project to board on Monday. I'm ready!
Of course I wake up at 6am on a Saturday an full of energy wanna go back 2sleep and can't but work day I can sleep forever!!
He forgot to list "Also loves heroin".
followed :D
Ha! Bacon flavored bear spray...
Philly outchea ballin! & Even Turner had two sick ass moves
tweet for
There will be a game changing announcement about M14Hoops Inc. before the year is up...
Wow your so beautiful. Oh those r contacts? Thats ok...Oh you wear that muck makeup? Its ok...Oh u drew those eyebrows on? GO AWAY!
I agree, but Holmgren knows how to be successful, we'll have to see how this one plays out
Hmm .. with nothing to do :/
Follow my friend and talented artist/designer/everything-er, !
Same here man. The fam is great. Hows the CD doing?
I got five on it. On Wat? Pizza nigga, wen we done wit this we gonna be hungry af!!!
When rain showers increase & sweep WWA Thurs afternoon, expect a period of blustery wind too.
Rehearsal is always fun!!!
The word of the day is Sexapalooza. Use it in a sentence for a RT. Ill go first. Every night at Trapeze is a sexapalooza :)
Type "The Cabin in the Woods" in Google and then click "Map." ...Us NC people need to look out!!
Here we go...hang onto your underpants ladies! or let's do dis!!
Beers, Happy Hour, and #Rapids at Gibby's tonight...come on down! #COYRapids 3 points!
Autocad brings much hatred into this world.
For educators organizing Hol. Remembrance events, we have commemorative posters in 4 languages (En, Sp, Fr, Ru). Contact us for more info.
We have to take back our power, not will-or aggressive power. Our Love-Power. The ability to accept who we are and love ourselves for it!
Lumpy says "r-ow" in return.
Anyone want to play GTA? :-)
Yeah there's football on. Yes I'm watching it.
Politicians are interested in people. Not that it's a virtue. Fleas are interested in dogs.
white rhino on deck .!! 4/20
indeed. let's hope that whatever transpires, ktru will abide...
WHITE PEOPLE ARE FUCKED UP
Sorry everyone for the bizarre posts. looks like my acct has been hacked.
We used to have wait by the TV and watch TRL in hopes they'd come on.. and that they'd show the whole thing.
Happy Mike Rowe Day everyone! :) &lt;Sault Ste. Marie, Soo Locks on tonight, Discovery Channel, 9 p.m.
Bless your hearts, all of you. Hang in there, Melissa.
Editing going well. Think I may be getting sick. Such is life.
RT if you love Harry Styles, i will follow you :)
“: Curcumin is one of the most potent tumor-inhibiting #foods. We have ground turmeric (curcumin root) in bulk, great cooking spice!
Whitney Houston 'one moment in time' remember singing this in the middle school chorus. Can't believe she's really gone. So sad.
Yes a really bad interview may hurt you. But having a bad interview is as crazy as wearing jeans to your interview.
Coming up at 6 pm on NBC 6: Chilling surveillance video of restaurant worker held up at gunpoint at 6pm
dm us your address and the device you would like a protector for
Thank you so much! <3
Thanks Sheila!
kendall jenner is so fucking hot.
Just yelled "If you love the you will vote for !" out the window and it worked! Except for Bob.. He's a Philly fan..
A Perfect Sunday would be spending it with YOU !!! Hoping yours was PERFECT :)
yeah in advisory (:
I'm sure tonight will suck just about as bad as lastnight.. If not worse. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Okay. RT Follow us on Twitter
AHAHAHA SEIU/ACORN thugs are forcing me to brush my teeth! Palin & Beck were right about healthcare! Get govt' out of my dental hygiene!
Probably my favorite part of #OKCquake was that at first both and I thought it was fucking with us.
Charles Anthony's "Old Skool Drive @ 5 is the bomb. Some of the best mixes ever. Mon-Thur 92.9 B'ham!
everyone must be very engrossed in the sessions :)
TGIF! Need a good book for the weekend? Go indie:
what about st elmos fire on of the best 80s movies ever
The smell of REAL smells so GOD!
Starting tour at #stranahans. No better way to spend a cold day
I miss it's been too long.
75% of revenues comes from existing customers
I agree!
MI 4 in. imax tomorrow.
Just watched Bad Girls Club: Las Vegas. Maybe we should rethink the 19th Amendment.
So creatively drained right now, cant wait to ship this new website. What are some good ways to get the creative juices flowing again?
Thank you for attending the SEO webinar! Let us know what you thought! How can we improve your learning experience?
Not a customer, but new online/phone bill fee encourages paper billing which is terrible for the environment!
Wow, a hit from Ham in a day game. A base hit, I mean, not a crack hit.
How to See If Your Home Insurance Will Pay for a New Roof (E-Zine)
"No more wire hangers!" Yes Mommy Dearest!
I have identified your critical error here MT : Sometimes, I read MTGSalvation
#Knicks will evaluate Lin further later this week (The Associated Press): MIAMI (AP)
Great news! We’re only $5,000 away from completing our 1st phase of our new Orphanage in West Africa. Support our “Creating Hope Campaign”.
Im in class and i need a pen where you at?!
Sierra Club endorses Hirono, Hanabusa, Gabbard in federal races - Hawaii News Now
Happy #Easter to all Moxie friends and family!
Good idea. I have a series of three that will be finished soon. Then hit the promo.
Y'all really don't understand what im bout to do to the media...OOOEEE payout musik is gonna change the world
Did you know WVIZ has an audio show were guys read the PD to you? Wizard of Id's even better w some dude just telling you about the pictures
Hovering around $4.00 and you say ONLY, frightening.
Reading all about bird flu research for three days can make a person loopy. I need some "light" reading STAT.
The Repentant Magdalene. Third in a series of exercise writing pieces based on, then removed from, a single artwork. bit.ly/ovdSNh
“: Game night GO BIG BLUE #bnn ”. Go Big Blue (gray tonight)!!!!!
Good morning. Welcome to our jewelry store today. Bright and sunny this 18th day of October. Hope you are doing well :)
We'll have telescopes set up on the levee behind the planetarium from 8-9:30 tonight. Check out Venus, Saturn, Mars, and more!
The label on Fairway's hummus uses the word 'transliteration'. I love Fairway.
#10 - Rising Star: - Please follow Al's organizing efforts in California.
no! He's pretty!
can't wait!
Thanks for the follow Love the blog!
// Liked your article on Thought maybe could've been on there, but loved that you put Cowboy Bebop!
Ridiculous lines to get Concords. Glad I already got mine.
Officer shot in neck area point blank by accused drunken gunmen at walmart near i-35 and parmer. incredibly tragic.
lol no. I live with my boyfriend of just over a year. What about you?
'where did he put the lemon?' Ahahahahha !!!
been hiding in Cali I'm on spring break rite now
In case you were keeping tabs, I think is back in action.
In the club goin hard niggas kno I got them racks in the kitchen whippen hard niggas kno I got that sack
product rising
cheer up chica :) :)
Only have to endure the liquid sunshine for one more day then CALIFORNIA!!!
Find Real Estate Fast with New Investment Property Website
And frankly my dear i dont give a damn
Blake griffin is the best dunker .. Got pau gasol twice
U'd think that but NO!!! I just think I am more right than! but I will try anyway! :)
Life is too short to waste a single second with someone who doesn't value you.
damn w/o me??
A beautiful woman will look gorgeous in the plainest of outfits.
well you've been very disrespectful of them for two years even as they've owned A&M. Thanks for admitting some truth now.
RT : &quot;: #Rockies came into today's game tied 9th in MLB in on-base percentage as a team with bases loaded.&quot; # ...
stoked to see my family this weekend and play with Spencer York and Paul Davidson.
iunno i feel like i annoy you :/
I take exception with Cuban's point that tenured professors are a legacy cost, though. Profs don't get paid *that* much... at all.
Good luck on your audition! We miss you back here in Seattle. Your biggest fan (my daughter Catalina) turns 20 today!
I saw you yesterday
As always, Tonight I'm proud to be a Herling!
The Jazz should be fuckin ashamed of themselves..they shoulda let pheonix take the 8th seed Sucka MCs
you should get an otter box for your iphone there like the best case for the iphone
New NFL rules seem to hit the mark even with extra play stoppage.
Wow- one GIANT step forward towards personalized medicine!
Decker and Knight named CCM Division I Women’s Hockey All-Americans and Carolyne Prévost was named a recipient of the NCAA’s Elite 89 award.
I hate wen people unfollow u. Its stupid
what happened?
I suddenly really want a LotR marathon.
#Tumblr is going crazy! What did #BTR do that was so bad?!
I can now continue on in life because I've achieved this accomplishment!!
Oh, what's passerole?
wont be there until 3
« I bet Tim Burton has the "BE FRI" and Johnny Depp has the "ST ENDS" part of the necklace.»
Heading to Lambeau!
Gitbox helps but git still has too many concepts to learn
When I write about writing my dissertation, my dissertation changes. Well, better to change it now than halfway through.
MAHOMIES are the best!! Greatest fans ever !! MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE
Do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about its own things. ~Matthew 6:34
noticed it too.. Weird! “: Why does #amcfearfest go from the original Halloween to Halloween 3? Where's 2 yo?!”
A man's worth is no greater than his ambitions. Marcus Aurelius
Check out my new profile Piper is pleased
Getting the word out to 500k monthly!
LAST Senate/Budget meeting today! SPECIAL Guest Speaker to give parting words. Great meeting. Be there. 4:30 in Shiley 301.
I thought it was frequent flyer .thanks Bob
your dad is so GRAND!<3
jealous!!! hope you're having a blast. enjoy :)
What if the whole world followed me
A guy always walks past our apartment around this time, singing.
To all of you who think north koreans are "mourning"..get the fuck out from under the rock in which you live. They are scared and hated him.
The Wanted - Chasing The Sun: via
Thank you for recent mentions RTs and notes!
it does not mean it is a sign toward equality of men and women.
#SignsThatSheISCheating she starts shaving her legs and clipping her toenails again
um idk I work to much but I will try soon!!!
Happy Mothers Day To All The Mothers Out There, And To My Mommy
Windows Admins are needed for rapidly growing company in Madison, WI! Great envrionment, tech training investment, & people!
30 minutes left of 80s Thursday! Any last minute song requests?
why would you do that
MN Supreme Court - Minnesota Litigator
loves you!
Web geek stuff?
Zack thanks for the mention!-> : If you are interested in background checks or Internet security check out
you can't be onstage @ 53 with 20 something year old kids.
Try & :) RT : I need business cards. Can someone give me a good spot to get business cards.
My very first tweet lol !
Last Night Was One Of Them Crazy Fun Nights Lbs.....
come Monday, Chisek should be their closer.Heath Bell just ain't thinking about baseball,it seems.
Hey, you followed me... youre so sweet<3 whats my name?(:
Will do. It's gonna be horrible and make me realize how out of shape I am.
Today is not my favorite.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams, Live the life you've imagined. ~ Henry David Thoreau
Its been over two weeks since I've flown. It feels a little weird to be on a plane.
Going through my tl thinking whats the point of talking about someone behind their back? What do you accomplish?
crushin but I know now after reading it again I just made myself sound stupid
I'm not a huge fan, I'm just going for the tailgating duh
wow. Steamy HOT!
They're still spacing people -___-
if that's what you call flirting , you need some practice seriously though !
your saying i had a classy post right because thats how it was intended. I'm sure hes feeling the hate. I saw the uf post
EJ Josie(?) desegregated the state associations in the 1960s. Marvin Skilkin did a hearing on price fixing for public library books.
Ivan, today's show is nice inspite of translator. Fashion observer is awesome! I love this guy! Ivan, LA with you!
Bahaha RT : Let's get bikes!
Crump's talking about pervasive cell site tracking. Believe it or not, in Jones's own retrial, the cops had 5 months cell site data
Oh. Oops. I already said Happy Thanksgiving once. I guess I'm just really excited for this holiday
just entered for every city o k
Teaching eric yanish how to make popcorn on his first day at the zoo!
It's tough, you just hav 2 take it day 2 day.They hav alot of support & they hav 2 angels looking over them,just like ur friend
I voted for you today and bought your jersey at LSP last week!
All women are princesses, it is our right. - A little Princess
I predict Shanahan will take away Torres' Hot Wheels for a day, but no suspension.
Still laughing at Madbum's response when asked what he was gonna do with his $35M, "uh, buy more cows"
Lisa Marie Platske's status: Sometimes the most important aspect of leading is listening! ~S. Alexander
The print edition of DDC23 arrived! Looks like I'll be spending the rest of the day transcribing marginalia from DDC22.
It's a bad day to be a Seattle Seahawks fan.
If you're offended in church by something you would do or partake in in your every day life, you are a hypocrite.
the correct question would be "How bad did that hurt?". People are just idiotic.
Leading the countdown to #believe waiting eagerly so excited, te amoooo followme
Super league game and then chit chatting with
Having fun choreographing a Flash Mob!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY MONTH
Thank you Kay Kay!!
Stay close to God, love Jesus no matter what other people say or try to get you to doThey lost trying to find they way too.
damn I love water....
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
I am at work today... came in on my day off :)
A charity box is stolen from a Malden store
what's happening tonight with #mom2summit ? I will be there later.
no, no ... that's not it. it's just that milwaukee's so interconnected. loads of people i've met through twitter.
I'm not depressed I'm just mad nervous and sad at the same time some fucked up shit
Hi Tommy! Thanks for the follow! I took your advice and am setting up my LinkedIn profile.
Now the real tour begins
Kelly Johnson hits BOMBS
Working on our "Save Our Schools" series today.
Yes, please!
Also thinking back on all my first day of school outfits and how bad some of them were
Goodmorning to you too (:
hi can you do me a favor real fast?(:
Never been this unplugged from work and regular life. Of course only now day 3 of vacation. Haha.
I'm cutting all my hair off ! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087>
I absolutely loathe
Lunchtime! Who's heading to The Lube today for a nice Friday lunch?
I want some cupcakes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
If you are not following us on Facebook, please do. We are having a contest for the closet score to the Superbowl. Winner gets a free ride
On Feb 13th join Salon Denver for the I Heart Benefit for TCC, 6 - 8 pm, silent auction sponsored by Platte St and LoHi businesses!
God's Word does not compromise. He operates in holiness and truth.
Merry Christmas to you sir! I'm gonna have to stop by Antoine's one of these days and see the old crew
Three of the funniest ladies in New York have convinced me to watch and love Downton Abbey.
Last week parent ed. advocates in WA engaged using twitter petition to fight for package of ed. reform bills-they passed! S.M.=Democracy 2.0
I'm not understanding wtf it took so long to release medical reports....this case continues to blow me...
Enter his gates with thanksgiving and his courts with praise; give thanks to him and praise his name. Psalm 100:4
that would be awesome!
I wonder how people that follow thousands on twitter manage to read any tweets! Let's strive for quality over quantity.
That's part of the intrigue. I don't know.
My student Tommy gives me song suggestions on T-shaped post-its. Today: Of Monsters & Men, "Little Talks." It's the nicest thing!
Clearly not... the day's ticking on.
Running a marathon is like slapping the guy in the face that invented the wheel
great exchange going on between and about wikileaks that highlights the intellectual and political divide in U.S.
madonna didn't do horrible but it could've been better
#Brett #Favre started game yesterday despite being sick
def have leftovers from Nville, but this is strange. Like, two naps in a day and I can't get anything done type tiredness.
Rams roll to 5-1, 2-0 in Conference. Huge game in Shreveport Saturday night against my good friend Chad McDowell and LSUS. #10 vs
Just wanted to say a quick "Hello" to everyone at the Nebraska Asphalt Paving Conference in Kearney!
hey, very glad to hear it. Thanks!
RT Wish mine did too! “: My whole house smells of bacon!”
lol nigga you a trip though
Go Rickie Fowler <U+2665>
You should never play chutes and ladders with any old person because you will lose miserably.
Step 6 Evaluate options: Ensure KPIs include longterm success metrics. Hold brand to high level of ongoing goal clarity
Omfg Dan Patrick can't sing!
In other exciting news ~ Sat noon til 3, I'm playing the Leaf and bean, Strip District. It's a wicked little place. Yinz get yo butts down.
but i still love pretty ricky..im still in love with sexy spec
Thank you.
I don't know why I hate Jim Nantz so much. But I really do.
As it turns out, am sitting next to PR person from NC's Transylvania County at Poste. Discussing what's in a name.
Awesome! I do hope it sticks around.
Please may i say; or let someone ruin it for you; 1 dumb act NOW on impulse can ruin many things for a long time yet to arrive.
Get stabby. Literally.
no!! i want my #21back xD
Stupid nook color! How dare u be full and unable to download my food network mag.
just watched ur cover of asking all the questions...my stomach hurts from laughing so much...btw u got sum sexy lips;)
I need a massage :(
Thx for the tip. Unfortunately, I'm also Dairy Free. DF yogurts are all rather "alternative". Not found a DF cottage cheese. :(
Thank you! Sometimes it surprises me. I'll feel something on my arms and think it's a spider or bug. Nope, part of me!
hmm. I don't know anything about Tanzmann... Who else is playing from Refune?
yea bitch
Q;rate...would yyu fwm...nd can wwe txt A; 8 Yeaa I Would & Yes We Can Text .
I guess there is some convention till tomorrow.
it's called being sarcastic
love you to.
yeah if I don't go home that weekend!
Loes Wormmeester gives the #kidscreen Pitch It session a strong defense of letting kids do things for themselves. "Full Proof"
Fashionable Fridays are always a favorite headed to sissy's for dinner how perfect is southern food and a name like that for a gay boy!
Totally over this rain everyday thing...
G'Night all, and God bless. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
We opened New Headache & Pain Management Massage Clinic in Monroe.
“Control your own destiny or someone else will.” - Jack Welch
Eww...yucky. Hope you get to feeling better soon, migraines are the pits :-( Take care...
Man oh man it's getting chilly outside
For all you Paraskevidekatriaphobics, Everything is going well today, so far... Hope I didn't jinx myself.
Tonight at 9: 's exclusive TV interview w/ the girlfriend of Darrin Hanna, man allegedly beaten to death by #NorthChicago cops.
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so CALL ME MAYBE.
Good segment on regarding copyright infringements on
Trade Shows are back in full effect! Be sure to keep following SolisEnergy and see where we will be exhibiting or attending! See You There!
ALL MY ARTIST THAT use twitter & facebook. hit us up 2 get a free profile on #HOUSTONNIGHTOUT.com. info w/ name, #, & email
My Face Card A1
Secondly, you can't be from 2 places at once.. Don't claim to be from San Fran and NYC poser... Be from one place and deal with it.
Good blog
can't express how much I love your son and how he will be such a star when he's older!
Changed our App Name to Credit Card Reader. Find us here itms://itunes.apple.com/us/app/credit-card-reader/id320530785?mt=8
Bon Iver's new album is proper good. Even uses a lot of 80's noises I would consider aggravating otherwise.
Thanks! The caramel was a little tricky to work with, but I think they turned out OK!
we go be here in 4 years
what's wrong?! D:
Following my favorite people on keek<3
My lips are the gun. My smile is the trigger. My kisses are the bullets. Label me a killer.
you do know about the theme right? pick a year that's multiple of 25 and dress like it. like 1700 British. cc
can have my babies be is so fine <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
aw shucks
Things can be similar,but not the same.
How was everyone's first day back?
Your career dreams get closer with every small step you take. Are you walking towards them?
"Circuit out", 2500 customers affected according to DVP website.
Omfg. So many Redskins jerseys on the metro. I know they just lost, and I wanna yell "Giants Rule!"
Giants, great job signing Matt Cain to the biggest deal ever for a RHP. Now you have 2 mediocre pitchers eating up your $$$
Another nice day being spent with both of us learning about our respective industry & making weekend plans!
I cant control my anger or temper.
Brittany lies to me.
haha omg that's right - that's you guys! I haven't even seen it yet! Can't find it online
Get it gurrrllll LOL RT : sweet! Hey , wanna buy me some new jeans for you to stare at?
Sorry to miss you ladies. I am not gonna make it
I'm the only Spanish/ not white person in this bitch lmao
Omg, he's performing?!
Happy New Year!!
Sherlock series 2 really needs a guest appearance by Billy Childish
#ArtsTech panelists holding it together, not appearing "weird and awkward." you can exhale now.
Thanks for the follows everyone! and
"Does she even like me?" No, I don't like you.. I freakin' love you..
im missing my too
Happy St. Patrick's Day to you!
watch out for the douchey 19 year old with the eyeliner
cleaning the house with my music blaring:')
Just remember, there's no evidence (yet) that Seau's suicide has anything to do with head trauma. Certainly a possibility, but no proof.
My 5900th tweet goes to c: Cuz we had a cool ass convo using Drake songs the other day !
I'm a one hit wonder ;D
The girl in front of me smells like ass and cigarettes
only if u could have seen my face last nite...shitty lol get it
JUSTIN i love you re in my hero:-)
Want Great Italian food tonight? Call to reserve a table. (414) 225-0000
thanks appreciate the support! Downloads are free on datpiff>> goo.gl/G01At
Its snowing here in NM. I am so ready for summer time.
Baby money I got cha baby money kidnap yo lady get that how much u love yo lady money
At school:/
Getting her hair wet when she just got a perm is
It kills me.
How are these people in Walking Dead still so incompetent in dealing with zombies? It's season two and you still have no tactical planning?
New Picture !!! More SOON!
most Admins are interested in data so if the teacher can use tech to genr8 data thru assessments that would be a plus
Waiting in line with to get in the timbers game, it would start raining!
And UW-Whitewater! “: Yes! Congrats to all my Wisconsin teams. Wisconsin, Marquette, UWGB.”
The point is, Fielder dealt with anger issues too, and it didn't stop him from being an elite talent. Lawrie just has to learn same
Going to miss most of Game 7. Cool.
me too! ! I still love yo mean ass
what's up w/asking to invite friends via FB - then not having a functioning feature?? #WhyBother ?
Carnival day at #CampMohawk!
I think sleeplessness is sometimes just a matter of excitement for life.
Well, it also makes one more open to a lawsuit, whether or not they did anything wrong.
Get a life dipshit. Fucking assholes like you are destroying America. Please kill yourself. Help beautify the planet.
How do you view Pres. announcement about gay marriage & the timing of Romney high school bully story...
I habe bunch of updates for u
Jillian's in Seattle
Now I can stop holding my breath - Falcons into the bye week at 5 wins and 2 losses - atop the NFC
awh your talking about the car that logo with the dragon eating the guy is used alot in the UK in british governments
You like Forks, and dislike spoons. . . What are your views on "Sporks."
eating my chicken noodle soup with a fork. look what you do to me.
Alright, I think 4 bugs smashed is a good number for today. This release will be done eventually if I have to drag it in by its hair.
Now .... V .... Lmao don't get me Blushin on this damn thing!! .. Thank U so much ... Glad 2 see back on your Hop!!! Bless Up
I hope it wasn't a Samsquanch
ahaha, Joyanna told me you're doing advanced? We are too :D
Some nights you just need to look up at the stars with a close friend standing next to you and realize what really matters...
Turning in earlier than usual tonight. of will you sing me a lullaby?
Zach can has Twitter friends. Or followers. Or whatever they're called.
One of my poems is being published!!
Check out the new pictures from Homecoming and Campaign Launch weekend!
I thought about our initial conversation in the newsroom, during the interview at IKEA. Lol ;-)
Dami Moore was the celebrity of the day that got to hear my performance. She looks fantastic without make up! What a natural beauty!!!
the 2nd ssn still needs more action hasn't been much battles, but plenty of tyrion, or however u spell his name, if that his name
Preparing for my first ALA Conference - so excited!
Ginger Binge tonight at 8 pm. I'll be w/ two other acts, Jeffrey Martin and Mercedes Martinez. See you there!
ugh this Grey's Anatomy is almost too disturbing to watch
starts w 10mm from gov(Bk of New Eng)&big depositors protected&OtherBks 50 cents on dollar-stealing at both ends
it's expensive, try to make it as light as possible, I've only used USPS, not sure if that's more or less expensive than FX/UPS
Anatomy exam tomorrow D: I feel a little bit ready for it :s
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself.Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'm feeling this.
Yes, every Thursday 5pm - 8pm RT : Thanks. Are you still doing loco4locals on Thursday?
It's a beautiful day to vote! Lines moving quickly!
On fire, coach! “: Focus on Positive & catch ur Players doing things right-Feed the Positive Dog & Fuel ur Team with Energy!”
Hit the Lights! Let the music move you...
RT : Thanks for help us to improve our #healthcare! That's what it's all about - no? Be well...
Latest Issue in Massachusetts Senate Race: Elizabeth Warren’s Native American Roots
00042 Thu 12jan12 . Clock in 2253p . No broadcast - building panel for reinstatement of di Suvero's Artists' Tower of Protest
on the Warren Haynes Band: Live At The Moody Theater. Glad you're listening and enjoying.
Graduation is in exactly four weeks!
I want the Royals to win today just so we can get swept up in a wave of Bruce Chensanity.
hockey gear
How many people called in sick today with a case of Soxschokeditous?
The harmonies in fa la la r just amazing
Home alone
As A People tonight @ Retox Lounge in SF!!! www.asapeople.com
Make a change from the inside out! There is no day like today!
So if they suspect one school of tampering, is it OK to keep that team on the banned list?
"2 grilled chicken breasts..steamed asparagus and broccolli over brown rice and tabasco..:)
right, because sharks and hurricanes don't come close to the urgency of a fallen toothbrush holder
We can judge the heart of a man by his treatment of animals..Go Vegan..It is the way to be!!
#Mets are 2-0 so far. Even fans of the best baseball teams will be sad at least 60 times a season. Probably more for me, but hope not.
if they had a black version.
can we just keep retweeting to give more Thanksgiving meals to those who need food this holiday season?
Rt Justin loves to suck dick thts wht a selenator said really cuz ur idol can't stop sucking his so sit Ur so funny
He played well in the state tournament. Congrats
Talked to Mommy. <3
Oh man, starting to think Lindsay might go home for front of house.
Yes we do. So sad. RT : Dick Wilson, We miss you already. #JeffersonBank will never be the same. We'll always remember your...
Just overheard flight attendant say that we might not have in-flight entertainment working on NYC-SFO odyssey. Ugh.
saturday school, katy snyder comes home!, work -.- no rest on saturdays.
When the right person comes along I won't let them slip away, no matter the cost
Pop-up up bake shop today. At Manhattan Theatre Source, 177 MacDougal St. from 4:30-9:30 with free brownie samples. Not joking.
is sexy
Can't wait for to talk about Travolta's "massages" tonight on
John Huntsman is out? Sad face. Sanity really doesn't stand a chance in Republican politics...
Per George Orwell, "In times of universal deceit, telling the truth will be a revolutionary act." Is honesty dead?
I'm having it right now! Lol :-)
I can't wait to be famous. So many things I want to do.
you let me know when and where and i'll b up in there!
hey u working tonight?
howed you know :O
We love you. RT : A shoutout & nice msg from the prez today, that's UAW love!!
dming my twitter husband :) bored
Actually it was live channel 5..
Hi Abe, thanks for connecting. I see you have some interest in the ;-)
I know! We are super excited about having Bobbindoctrin's Joel Orr on our stage for Endgame!
Merry Christmas from all of us at Denver Browns Baseball! We are grateful for each and everyone of you -Gino Grasso
igot my girl, im good. and so is she.
Moms not feeling well today
isn't it awesome?!
#ISTE11. I thought it was strange that Apple was not in the exhibit hall especially with the iPad presence that was apparent this year,
Hey everyone check out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have all your favorite toys at the lowest prices!
hahaha well I'm not gonna talk with my mouth full of meatball
Compiling a list of the best #CourtReporter web resources for one of our #TechCon speakers. What's your favorite?
going to see the phillies play the nationals on the 22nd <3 so hype
Google Drive? Who cares?
online dating is not working for me. Jewish girls not responding or not interested or overwhelmed with choices. What do i do?
Carter had old school three point play tonight. Is that play dying breed because kids can't shoot fts or everyone is shooting threes?
I feel like crap :(
Never say you broke into a homeless mans house.
What a weekend so far. All that's left to do is get kicked in the nuts.
im thinking that i should just dye my hair pink today
Kind of you to follow, Joe and Charley. I hope I prove worthy.
and killer riding in turtlenecks and flippity-flops
#ReasonsThatImSingle he hasn't asked me out yet. <3
Relationships are overrated .. They have no meaning anymore .. They dont last #WhatsThePoint <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
don't file and clam "Diplomatic Immunity!"
do we have to send u a buck if we steal that joke?
Tweeps, does anyone know about any digital history projects on agriculture?
Opened SHORT $USDCAD @ 1.02081; 3% of the community volume is trading the USDCAD with sentiment 18% SHORT
HAND THEM OUT TO THE HOMELESS,,
Believe that some boundaries are meant to be crossed
Does like the hats tht look like animals and r fuzzy???
I struggle with not wanting to be a hipster and wanting to buy a typwriter.
Stop and stare I think im moving but I go no where
Omgahhhhh iTunes won't let me hear #BOYFRIEND by !!!! Why me??!? ;)
you failed to mention that you gave up Matt Stafford too
Nobody acts like me honey LMAO >.< : this black dude on #glee kinda act like u
Thanks for the RT Anthony!
you should include 'Born To Be Wild.' it's definitely the # 1 #roadtrip song!!
Good Night
From a dev perspective a millions times yes. However it is not a pick up and blog platform like Wordpress.
lol do you have some.?
Poster #1 will be posted this weekend!
are you leaving accounting?!
what cha up to x
kicks ass! Love the second album! One of the best produced/sounding albums I've heard! Real Rock N' Roll!!!
Let's go #Reds! Beat the
What brings you to Scottsdale? Let us know if you need any suggestions or tips for fun things to do!
can u meet in the afternoon? 12pm or 1pm??
Great meeting at RUMC on Saturday...thanks Jay!
RT : Today in Jewish Sports History: 2005 Bruce Pearl named head basketball coach at
Party of the hook at #hardrock #vegas, they know how to throw a party. Woo!
Credit the goal to Simon Denis - his first career goal for the Bulldogs.
It's one of those days where dinner doesn't happen. Too busy for eating. Lol!
when they say "Latinos" do you think they meant Ninja Turtles? Are the Ninja Turtles Latino??
Lax camp this evening, but not before I absolutely fail at teaching my brother how to cook
it's small...but it's something <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Any teachers have good or bad experiences with KhanAcademy??
Having JuJuan Johnson is a big deal for Boston.
got one, like it, loved it at first. Nice little piece of hardware that they're gonna keep updating
A friend is someone who knows all about you, and loves you just the same...even if you're on IsAnyoneUp.
This is a fact brother!
BBC running scared as they ban Sacha Baron Cohen to be ...
Thanks for giving us a try! Would love to hear what you think about Takeout & Delivery :)
Welcome to Single Stop USA's Twitter !
send them to Wisconsin when you're done.,,
I hate realizing at 11:30 p.m., as I'm up late working on a story, a slew of questions that I wish I would have asked. Not a fun feeling.
Thx for the shout out. A great group, indeed.
good job !! You that 1% of the population that serves our country !
#sschat there are some great YA books about LGBT issues...ck out authors Francesca Lia Block, Jacqueline Woodson
Does "The 'Bandwidth Hog' is a Myth" also apply to the wireless side?
: my thoughts exactly! Can't wait! :)
60 days until Kentucky Derby 137... Rain stay away this year, it waters down my bourbon.
I'm attending #NCC-AIIM and #NOVA #ARMA Chapters Annual June Social & #Baseball Game at #Nationals Stadium! Who else is attending?
BELOW THE BRIM is about to get its first motorcycle... still looking to see what move I will make...
#house Donut House Collection Light Roast Coffee 24Count KCups
I honestly don't know..
once i saw and what he does, i got a lot of work to do to get there but its #TNDO from now on.
wear your dingos 3s and some dingo shorts
I oppose New York City's planned memorial to Christopher Columbus on religious grounds.
:) Thats awesome thanks and wow i feel like a twitter noob haha
Amazing band led by Justin Vernon who accepted the Grammy
State testing done for the year, wish we had results before August!
I see that will be there. Me too. I'm a judge at First cocktail & bitters competition. today 5:30.
Do you have videos on youtube singing?
Putting my 1D posters up:) now my walls are full of my boys<3
I hope Bron wins MVP for 11 years in a row w/ zero championships :)
Happy 420. First one im not celebrating in the last 5 years. 73 days clean and never been happier.
RT On my way to DC with Michael to see tonight! And "The Road to Vegas" begins! Lol
Kudos Zeta Upsilon chapter winner of the Outstanding Community Service Initiative!
Please check out my new #Chicago-based app, , that gives you 5% cash back and donates 5% to #charity on every purchase!
I'm Home ... I'm Home! !!! Its nice not to have to wear a jacket every time you go outside. .
ipad u pad we all mad 4 ipad - which tweet-peeps r getting one 2morrow?
Oreos are the worst things to eat if you want to smile within a half hour of devouring
Getting reactions to 3minute rule from participants. Most agree
A belated "thank-you" for your congratulatory message! Glad it's over! :)
#teamfollowback i follow back
Everyone has embarrassing baby pictures. Posting them on #FB is cute now but you won't be able to tell the kid that 15 years from now. Lol.
Portland Personal Trainer Kisar Dhillon Offers Fat Blasting Exercise Tips To A Six Pack
NYU According To Urban Dictionary - NYU Local
He wants Nick to drown in a flood now
lol stop by Smith!
no idea
great to connect with you here. I look forward to you updates.
"the next da vinci is going to give up on being creative because he can’t put his idea for a steampunk RPG about child rape on kickstarter"
The reason that ego and love are not compatible comes down to this: you cannot take your ego into the unknown, where love wants to lead.
Meat(less) meatloaf, mashed potatoes and gravy, and corn. Hello fall cooking! Yum!
this was actually in Anaheim
Being Republican used to mean finding solutions for the American people that worked for everyone....
I need a smoke lol
Anybody out there an avid reader of Frost or Cummings?
Me: "Whoah, the landing page changed!" : "That was so three hours ago". #measure #dataGEEKS - Only
good night twitter
This year's quizzo bowl would be a lot better if it stole the ending from Inglorious Basterds
all of our quizes and tests are open book
nothing wrong with that.
disable your auto rotate :) save a ton of battery!!
Noemis sleeping over :p
POLL: Should The Red Sox Cut Ties With Josh Beckett?
Libra Baby<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
You don't have to be perfect for God to love you you just have to be willing to accept it
Hey we have another member in our screamo band She already started writing our new song "Ugh"
GIVE YOUR BODY THE COMPLETE NUTRITION IT NEEDS WITHOUT GASTRIC UPSET WITH OUR IV VITAMIN INFUSION
Alex girlfriend ...
How come every time they cut to a coach he's smelling his fingers?
probably going to get one. Do you get juice for referral?
Religion in Reference Universe: The Literature of Islam: A Guide to Primary Sources in English Translation from Scarecrow Press
Happy #Lost day! Even grouchy Pun(k)x Phil can't spoil my excitement.
Caught a couple of your bits tonight. Nice work!
Show on Sunday at red7 o Billy!!!
lol the plan is to spend summer 2013 in Spain. :)
We got The Megatome & we are the smartest.
Feel so blessed to be in Long Beach on this gorgeous morning for the #MegaIIN conference! It's cold in #Chicago!
I'm doing well. In Miami. How are things in MI?
How long did it take to find out about Carrier IQ?
I did, he look adorable! But he always does. I mean Fox, not Logan...but Logan's cute too.
IM GOING THERE.. WHAT TIME YOU GONNA BE THERE? I HAVE A DEMO FOR YOU TOO
Hockey night with some gangsters
I love God!!!
Happy birthday to me #showchoirproblems <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Sorry - I got Doug and Chris mixed up..lol
Drums and rhythm guitars are in the bag. Leads and bass today then back to Pixburgh until next weekend!
RT : Spooky crafts, games, hayrides and the haunted conservatory are at Garfield Park Oct 27 & 28, 7-9pm. Costumes welcome.
I knew Mercedes would bring it home!
Forget Happy Hour, it’s Gourmet Hour now
You're welcome! <33
Assassination jokes sure are funny
On plane headed back to #denver for game 6 of the
I'm interested
I know u missed me Tony. Jk I was just around here.. You know where to find me? Lol
Hell Yeah!! Go Packers!!!!!!
Long list of things to do today. First gotta hit the gym!
That's not on the list but contagent and the descendants are. Maybe next time
#Whathurtsthemost im with a man who I love dearly.. but im still in love with my ex.
They were cara cara oranges. I just bought another bag. Delish!
BOOK DONNA LYNNE!!!! www.donnalynne.com
Elliot is so gay hahaaha. He is posting really retarded stuff on facebook LOL
All I see on FB is girls posting up videos of themselves fighting & people commenting telling them they have hands when they only pull hair.
Hey Hun! How'd the #APUFRINGE go?
You heathen ;-)
Heck yeah I'll be there! #sextalk RT : Let's Talk About Sex! February 15th. 6:30PM. International Center...be there or be square!
i haven't seen it. but it sounds CUTE!!!!
yes...look for "sonatoid" to appear frequently in as many reviews as possible ;-)
Really hard sitting and watching my 2 favorite teams play each other but that's what you get when you loyalties are divided. 6 or 7 games.
Ill be sending u some pics today for the mag..is that cool?
Pat Summitt, no doubt #smsportschat Also, Brittney Griner and that LARGE right hook
Not sure Robert. Based on your medals possibly Airframe tech Germany 1981-85 or Cyprus 1976.
If I had Little Miss Siri I would talk in a whisper to her today: Siri, what are my options for content? Siri, does the future look bright?
swagg!!!! Squat beats
When the written word dies (in physical form), we will perish right alongside it.
Staying after school tomorrow cause I'm gonna dissect an eye and an eel.
Sounds crazy outside!
cool wway to quick texting me :(
Big thanks to our producer B - he's making this album sound fantastic with his effort & wizardry! Another amazing session!
Rain delay at Petco.
Put some more motion in it
#thingsigetalot "hey your tall how old are you" geez thanks but do you have to point it out??
m i bet that is good. what's in it?
cuase it fell like it, when i saw u goign to the store u look like u hate me
I trust... I'm not the only one who's decided to watch secon season of "the kelling"
I don't know how much he played or how long he stayed. He was very good though
sent ya one back! we're excited
have you seen the magic show at universal?
Hi Rod, I'd like to get in touch with you about a reporting grant. Could you DM or email () me? -Melody W.
good luck this year major. GO BEARS DEF!
#3ScreenMin it's clear that people who study users will continue to be in large demand. This is all about understanding the user/engagement
It's totes bedtime an tomorrow is my last day in Paris:(
Hi Steven, thanks for following me. Where in Canada are you?
Just suffered a hiccup-burp (I biccuped? I hurped?) in front of "That was disgusting," she said.
We could look for someone who'd like to fly you here & treat you to a romantic getaway... not sure how this might turn out!
It's my pleasure to spread awareness so women can be armed when going to their GYN checkups.
yeah we are all face the troof but we have diversity I'm Oreos, you nuggets, frosties
We're announcing the lineup at 10 a.m. on the blog! You're going to want to head to Darrington this August.
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Dir in a Resident Play goes to Aaron Posner for CYRANO,
Cool perspectives on social media & TC at #attw11 - and effective "tummeling" tweets that facilitate relationships
Happy Saturday everyone! Hope it's a wonderful day for all!
new ideas are over-rated! is the best rooftop in town!
"Trying To Kill a Cricket" would make a great workout video.
hey I appreciate that man. God is so good and faithful! And I can't find the words to convey what He is doin
#LOVEistheANSWER because it's love of God that leads to redemption.
nah I rather music over gym and yeah I know it's reallyy weird..
Pretty excited for Day of Fosterly at tomorrow!
Ha! I had no idea!
The Best Words Ever. : "Feel confident in your decision. This is your body.... "
i see you favorited the link ! please download our free ep and like us on facebook<3-dave
I'm bored now. Where's MONCHELE? lol
S/O to all my real ni$$*z who understand a real woman's worth, and fellas stop laying down with anything
Being on par in terms of price and quality only gets you into the game. Service wins the game. - Tony Allesandra
You and Aj Stole the Ppv last night,what a match.
Where can you go and increase the amount of money get back on your refund by as much as 50%? See how our SaveUSA program can help you:...
Some guys are pricks,some are jerks,but then there's one who is everything those guys aren't<3 & he's the other half that makes you whole<3
I love how The Current can play Destiny’s Child then onto Arcade Fire. Great drive home in the snow!
First run Tribe has scored with Fausto on the mound this year. The 10 they scored on opening day were after he'd been lifted
Convenient I got diarrhea as Lidge entered the game? No joke, either.
I'm up. I'm just too lazy to get off my bed.
Of you're going to follow me..and I follow back. Don't unfollow me and not expect to get unfollowed back..
Whether you use recourse or non-recourse factoring will depend on your present invoice payment history.
Lmfao makes me vomit
yeah I'd like one of those as well. I do love Fords...best trucks in my opinion as well! I'd have to say I'm a Ford man myself
Hi Sophia! Is today's #SistersHeal a tweet chat?
Why not a poetry contest? Or a pie-eating contest? No, it's always a fight to the death.
Bobbie Goheen Synthesis Mgt Group rocks! "It was when I found out I could make mistakes that I knew I was on to something."~Ornette Coleman
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through
People on Twitter are so much nicer and less creepy than on Facebook :3
So ready to work the event wit and #southernhoopsreport #
Know literally nothing for this final
The golden rule of spelling: "I" before "E", except if you're weird.
hurray! Congratulations.
aww that stinks! & yeah I downloaded it.
& 2900 people don't care or notice RT Funny when brands tweet for a minute then they're like "Nah, nevermind." Example -
Last full day of classes. Uhhhmazing.
can't wait for the show!
oh ok thanks i just wanted to know hehe
I'LL MAKE YOUR PAST REGRET IT'S FUTURE. HERE'S TO YOU.
Our concert at the Double Door is this Saturday! Opening up for The Memorials w/ Amrita and Model Stranger
Life is either a great adventure or nothing. Helen Keller
Stoked for Yoga Nidra with Suzanne Bigelow . Come experience this powerful tool for healing tomorrow from 1-3pm.
We just wrapped up an awesome studio session with Jay Alton!
Eghh i wish i could have 800 already! Just 20+ away
30 dollar living social sticky rice coupon expires in four hours . This is going to be an epic lunch
I worked at Islands, mira mesa.
I have to leave soon, but not before I see on Live with Kelly!! He's literally my favorite :)
I hate it when teenagers have no respect for elders.
very pretty......i just started following you
I admire your sportsmanship in the game because I have won by a lot. I am sure you'll break da slump.
I don't know if I can make it until 11:30, but everyone else should watch my girl tonight on Letterman!
you're showing some remarkable consistency. Well done. Wait, your goal is to maintain your weight, right?
Does your business portrait show you off as well as you want? If not, call us, we can help!
Yeah they are worth the initial investment $$$
Stat padding time
Come on let's get this win
Microfinancing opportunities workshop for home biz start-ups by women: St. Monica's (6131 N Michigan Rd), TOMORROW 6-7pm, call 317-808-2326
I don't wanna be your friend, I just wanna be your lover
I'm tweeting Half Marathon times for Leah Lang in real time on race day. Brought to you by Verizon
Hey Corey! Ok, yes, time to catch up. I'll call you offline.
Im in the airplane, it feels like forever
ur jello makes me go to bed happy everyday at 5pm
I have never dealt with 2 companies with such poor customer service as &
Time for a new mattress? 34 convenient locations for you to check out our new line of #Simmons mattresses!
So lovely to hear that you gave Incorrigible holiday gifts! Third book comes out end of March. Book 4 being written now.
Looking forward to performing at the North Atlantic Blues Festival with next weekend!
Why can't they just leave sleeping dogs lie? A perfect way to ruin good childhood memories...
Im sorry and you are _____? And this is regarding _____? If you don't show respect, sir, I shall have my #minions escort you out
so over the whole wall street vs. main street rhetoric. aren't there any creative journalists who can come up with something better?
I'll never understand
Chasing breakfast with brunch.
I can't believe that 2K11 went by so damn fast. It was a good year though. I can't wait to experience more in 2K12. #Feelin open minded
I Feel Like Going To Canada ( ;
Keep getting calls from some scam called the U.S. Gov't Grants Ctr. Not surprised when the dishonest ignore do-not-call lists.
+1 links rank higher in search
She said it was love at first sight
You don't know how to do magic? Pfft.
Art market in Pasadena, CA tom'row! Sunday; resting! Have a good wkend!
The last respectable boxer Mayweather fought was Del La Hoya everybody else just practice to him, Fight Pacquiao to really prove something
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up."~Thomas Edison 1847-1931, Invento
My mother used to live in midtown and still works there when she's in the US - saw it at $36/daily or so as of last year.
So I hit the garment district looking for a suit and end up buying Escada Sentiment for men.
When life gives you lemons, squirt someone in the eye. lol
Seriously, Allen Lam's automation session. Starts very technical but gets simpler- Repeated tomorrow-mark your calendar!
I should cut 'my bed rest' orders and just go back to class.
I went to our one-screen theater today to see it only to find that they just replaced it with... The Three Stooges... - DvL
Blunt blowing...
TY for your kind words. Look forward to seeing you and at #PRSA today
yeah i know, it's a chain...but still delicious!
my balls hurt. i mean the balls of my feet of course. i might have to rock some flats at mad planet tonite and give the balls a break.
I want to thank everyone for such a great time last night at Osteria. I could not have asked for a better night. The PARTY continues...
The #BHL crowd would be glad I heard hour of #socialjustice talk from Prof. #TriciaRose and fellow #BrownU alums. Seems to mean
Love the out doors clean air but here in the city bad air..
Take jr out of the fcking game.
#Oomf should text me :]
There Will Be Blood Soundtrack segues very seamlessly into Joy Division's Closer, at least until the singing starts
thank you for sharing. That is pretty funny.
Man Overboard >>>>> its like we have a bond or something.
Interesting divide there. Someday I'll understand your strange world.
Well, that seems to be what I'm best at, so I went and followed your bro. ;)
Primary obligation for the next week: get on a plane to see my Dad in Switzerland.
Woo. The #Xcom people love the original like I do. I have high hopes.
Oh, I figured you meant that. I just don't remember the line. How is THAT POSSIBLE????
who would be searching for gyro Clooney?
inbox is completely empty, where it will probably stay because no one ever emails me.
- thx for the reverb links. love me some new verbs.
Miss when i use to squeeze your cheeks :)
We have a #prom playlist on Facebook, and looks like we're having a rave this year.
Let's get it sweatin' in this sauna!!
I'm checking. RT : why wasn't Tulo pop up in 1st not ruled infield fly?
Got my vote
My day's consisted of talking about moshing, listening to Fire and Ice, hanging out with cats and my roommate, and trippin out normies.
I'm in love
Are we still on for this evening, gentlemen?
I'll keep you a daydream away
When you have more past than you do future, everything is more intense --
has sent me 17 masters, 2 more to go. Hope y'all ready...
This week is going to fly by. Congrats, grad!
...straight to the next man.
we share similar challenges ;)
We beat them in Cross Country man!
If you list Twilight as your favorite book on Facebook, we can't be friends. #gag <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
Off to Walkerton, IN to meet with a longtime client, JFNew today!
You're gonna be the one that's broken.
congratulations Fred!
Correct, which is what I assumed Woelfel actually meant.
Of course I do! RT : Anyone know of an underground club where I can get a high stakes game of DUCK DUCK GOOSE started?
On the third day he rose again.. Happy Easter everyone!
It's Thirsty Thursday! Enjoy $5 Martinis tonight at Sullivan's Steakhouse accross the street from our hotel at Hubbard and Dearborn!
Well, now I've stepped in it.
working on a decent size transaction...it is what it is. there is an art to putting a deal together, but a little luck is also needed. LOL
insightful w the bonus of Funny
can't wait to see you in full-on hooligan status. You have to get a scarf to hang up next to your fiorentina one, obv
Nope. Too much on his mind. :)
I have a problem with any US citizen that thinks one race or gender is better than the other,we're all the same.Let's not let that change.
J is sulking even more now that City're beating Wolves.
one day I hope to be able to put "The" in front of my name.
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation - Emily Dickinson
Working on this idea/project for Electronic Storytelling. Could be an awesome film if everything goes right.
i love how mean u are to me
Any really good PMP exam prep courses on-line? does anyone have any real experience with it?
When life gives you lemons, put them in the fridge or make a piccata and open something with a label instead.
Attending a conference next week where one of the lunch options is "Vegetable Knuckle." We've asked & nobody knows what it is. *So excited*
i dont want a superstar that will screw our whole team and he decides to bounce, i want to build evenly
That is not good. I wish them a quick recovery. Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns.
Daughter replaces dumb-phone with smart phone, I pay more per month and &T charges ME an $18 upgrade fee.
I'm in zanesville at the special Olympics
not too late in the spring..otherwise we'll prolly see YOU in philly (early june trip) :)
Awh I miss the beach :ss Have you ever heard of ? If you want I can link you to a free song of his. So cute/nice
O feisty! :D
David Cone just compared DeWayne Wise to ex-Cub Chico Walker on YES
alright, I will accept that
"I got get those "?? Lmao
yeah but out here the fresh air is mixed with pot smoke. :D
At the cutting edge of the music industry, #Loyno Seniors present their final presentations, tomorrow 7-9 pm in Nunemaker Hall.
#CicadaRadio tearing it up as usual.
I have invested once. To do it again, I would require a financial return on my investment.
is dedicated to preserving the music & memory of Robert Johnson through art education, competitions & scholarships.
It's never good news when my brother calls early in the morning.
skipping lunch for a project to reduce stress is not the advice of this psychologist. Skip work instead, do a buffet
"Wishing Well" sounded rad in the Buick commercial that just aired on CNN. Buy their record.
RT I guess example needs 2 be set for mifflin...do what u gotta do. everyone knows how I am and how I carry myself.
“ Ion think I'm bad I just ain't finna let a mf handle me”
Beautiful #weather in #Charlotte #NC today! Return to #golf after 5 month brk due to bum elbow. Let's see how this goes
I wish it would stop being nasty outside! #Summer please hurry up!!
how was it last night? I passed out while doing laundry ;( gonna come through next week tho
haha thanks but the thing is i also have to do thing acting thing.
Spurs in 5. Blake/Paul hurting. : Clippers and SA... I say SA in 6... Just my thought! What y'all think?
I wanna say K&T is on like the 16th, but you know because we were 6 when we made this up, I suppose the date could have "shift ...
hm me too lol. But I stay at Orleans. Plant Hollywood, MGM. It depends but Groupon or living social b having good deals
the barhammers think that you should do an album full of covers. :D
So I hear the kids are now out of school --____--
Damn what a block Wade!!
but did you see that head that kid had that his mom refers to as "The Cunt Wrecker"?
Weighing the pros and cons of water jogging in Lake Michigan (cool workout vs way too many kids and broken bottles)...i'm going for it! :)
go #Milkman !
You're definitely in my casting queue. Will contact you when I have the right part! (for reals)
Yeah I'm pretty sure they've got it lol. Thanks! I'm very proud of them. I hope they can just put this game past them.
hell no never
I don't think your husband is going to like you saying such things.
I make tweeting optional, too, but typically only one or two students take the initiative
Special today: Grilled Pineapple on a stick! $2 see you on Tejon
If McQueary has any dignity left, he should step down immediately.
I can see the pollen swirling about
Roll Call votes now on Petri/Johnson/Lipinski amendment to preserve TE funding
Isn't it awful? No excuse.
Albuquerque, NM (Pitch Engine) Feb. 29 2012 Upward Motion Personal Training of Albuquerque, NM gives out free online fitness evaluation
Gone head do ya thang!
Awsome, Ive been looking for some rock shirts. I will be contacting you!!!! Thanks
If bonnwe harper had a twitter it would be
#nowplaying "Intrepid Fox", Freddie Hubbard. Red Clay. You forget how good this album is. #jazz Herbie on that Rhodes!!!
Just had dinner, Peruvian food, spicy but tasty!
TGIF! Hope you're doing something fun this weekend. Thanks for the follow!
I miss BC spot prawns, enjoy!
Haha the media loves him now. Yeah, and we won a game without any trouble! Greinke was great, 2 HR for Ishikawa?!
the day the new style died
Next important shift will be a new economic order - points to #moveyourmoney as early example
Mr Rouse, Kevin T. and Chris Jarvis Thanx gents!
Drinking Bambino out of Star Trek cups. Classin' it up before
thank you! how does that work?
Caro's LBJ #newyorker piece is a reminder why I couldn't finish the power broker
but they can't stand each other. And Rick has a new great breakfast joint.
holy fuck man!
morning Jay :) hope you have a great day!!
Small class -- 20 -- so it fits your theory. They did like using an online chat forum 2 weeks ago for Shakespeare...
My boyfriend just told me #ThePlayboyClub is on #Hulu! I'm glad since I missed the first episode.
you got any followers who can cut hair ? I need a trim
(Taking a break at #tocchicago)
TREJO daily after every meal.
okay so I guess I wasn't making that up about the smell! Also smells really good too
well it was really pretty and there were hot guys and I guess cute girls!(: and I have to ask you something
woah if we had no idea we would be cunts, are you calling us cunts? - mark whalberg lol forgot the classic lines in here
since u had mindless behavior on November 19 2011 can have a diggy signing soon plzzz
Speak words of love, healing and hope. Build up, instead of tear down. Hate is not an option.
you're welcome! :) no tweeting in class!!! :P
Busy evening?
Got mo ass than a motherfucker !
“: Kobe threw the game away.” << smh he killed me
lmao apparently I thought y'all were rebels! mym! “: "never have i ever....ran away from home..." [crickets] lol ”
TRIVIA ANSWER: Affidavit is the legal term for a voluntary written statement made under oath.
#NewYorkTimes says "Taliban offshoot group worrying western officials." What would we do without a boogeyman?
Sometimes, you need to be alone. Not to be lonely, but to enjoy the free time just being yourself.
I try to find a reason to smile at least once a day
I never hear one positive thing about this girl <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
rollin ilke a big shot! rt “: Just saw the delivery KIA Soul decked out in flags. Double awesome!”
Wtf is this...
i quit on the hippos
We No Speak Americano - puuuuhleeeese stop playing this - I will be your bff - I promise!
Snow and more snow finally feels looks like winter...
Do Jewish people believe in God?
Yes! It's about that time lol. :) Will you also be in Recognition?
So cute
Why do I have to get up so early???
what do u feel bad bout????
I think it's from Tuesday's paper? It looks like they thought game 5 was game 6.
The brand new edition of my hope begins in the dark book, with all-new stories of lymphoma survivors, is here! email me at .com
999 taxes median incomers 2 grand more, while cutting taxes on rich.Like the poll tax did to the Tory Party it'd put Rs in exile for 20 yrs.
Speaking of programs... Sean Carton will lecture on social media in library Fri, 10 am. You're welcome to come if you'd like.
or exactly what hall of fame voters do. Bagwell, Walker and more to come.
Topic 1: Let's talk Montreal - is there anything to be scared of?
I'm gonna learn how to play this stupid song if it's the last damn thing I do.
Finally told her how I felt. Feel pretty good about it, but I guess we'll just see where this goes.
I am thrilled 2 be part of soc media seminar right now. DO u know that at her behest, we r shamelessly promoting her 2 all of u?
“: "Defecate or Abdicate."" That's very PC of you.
Drinking venti crunkjuice, in studio recording guitar.
ok thank you :) that was so kind of you to check on me. Thanks for the advice..keep me in prayer.how r u
Gray's is on... Yeah I watch it duck your thought process
UK and U of L basketball ends and baseball begins. No time for rest and I kinda like it. I don't sleep, I dream awake.
Brett needs a damn twitter or something
WNST1570: Tomorrow we play Fantasy Baseball Challenge. You vs. Mitt 4 a cool prize. Listen 10-Noon 4 rules & when to call. 410-481-1570
I want to be your favorite Hello && hardest Goodbye.
i hate the whole financial aid procedure.
Got my permit. Excited.
My rental car smells like Maui sunshine and suntan lotion. Perfect! Ah Summer
I can only hope you'll be naked and in a payphone.
#IfTwitterWereHighschool I'd be able to follow around.
Yo, we can #MakeItHappen by the end of this year if y'all willing to put in that work. I'ma do it with or without you, so you in or not?
If you are afraid of FAILURE you don't deserve to be SUCCESSFUL" ~Charles Barkley
two bad missed calls have Cuse 4 points
Happy to be home.
Is proud to say that I lived to vote and support an incredible president who knows what this generation needs. Thank you Barack
I'm sure there's rationale explanation. Irsay seems 2b real tactician. He's same guy that tweets random Journey quotes right?
Wtf my mentions won't show! -__-
record and put on Youtube would love to hear it!
Make it stop raining.
Adele looks beautiful at the Gramys
gonna go see a movie.
All I see... is them dolla signs!!
Interview with Jean Maurice Touboul. Very interesting answers from someone helping to move video marketing forward.
I wish u would follow back. I follow u now an your peeps as well :)
I am. But maybe standing in the taco line was someone's fun time with friends or family? It's all subjective.
what up?
- last second but still within the deadline :( Would you find it valuable to get your final grades via a mobile app?
we've done better this season
": feell like i disowned kuss i never heard his song, ima do it later since is already another day :)" :'(
Brooklyn Law School entrepreneur event, free popchips for a year? Awesome!
Gah.... They suck.
LOL. I feel ya. And you're passenger is sleeping... Haha
Shantel I think you're beautiful and amazing! :) you're an inspiration! I hope we will meet one day :)
It's cool though, people would realize you're not an employee pretty quickly when you turn out to be helpful and friendly. Zing.
i'm a social reject you understand
hit 'em with the Slam, Bam, Thank Ya Ma'am
#MyFavoriteRapperRightNow....Drake all day :-) :-) :-) :-)
Dixie Highway? Motorcycle cop? Yeah it is all too familiar.
When taxis are next to each other in traffic I always wonder if they know way other from "back in taxi school"
If you ever get a chance to do a class w/ , do it. Learned so much. Thanks for hosting; Tom a great host (as usual)
so we can talk...
New fitteds at www.kingoffitteds.com red wings, washinton capitals
CONTROL+ALT+DELETE!!!
THIS!!! RT : The awkward moment when you're that one friend who always gives relationship advice but is still single.
And I just missed my bus while sending a tweet.
Theres no sympathy for the dead
I think i accidentally conditioned my stomach to only process oatmeal, peanut butter, and pasta cuz its spazing out now that i'm eating real
ugh seriously can't wait Tyler. I've been waiting for this since season 1 ended!
Mayor Sanders said SD has a way to go to meet Dr. King's dream "but we are certainly making progress." At MLK Day #allpeople's breakfast.
After a rough night the card today looks very promising. The best cappers bounce back after a bad night.
I made some great moves out here today. Thank you lord for watching over me
what u my biggest fan
Exams... Save me
Come to our meeting tomorrow in d419 to sign up for shows next semester! Be there unless you're a square.
I hate people-.- but its pretty bad when my familys starting to make me hate them
rubbin on heads is wat got me two kids, lol!
Some people are just born sexy.
Welfare hasn't destroyed black Americans, a corrupt system that perpetuates the cycle of vitriol towards us has...
I don't wanna go home!! I'll miss Orlando. Especially the cute Italian guy we met ;)
you gotta atleast have a half lmao ima be rolling up all 10ab blunts lmaooo
Thanks for the RT. U rock.
If you have Hope you will try harder to be a better person
i take good care of it :);)
thank you :)
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was...the high of times.
Thanks for the retweet. You, my friend, are the furthest thing from a barbarian. :-)
RT "You can’t think your way into acting positively, but you can act your way into thinking positively." -Nido Qubein http://
Everyone cheered the first Copyright Advisory Network facebook member! ;)
Crap I wish I had money to buy boyfriend
The only border I would wanna be a guard at, is Borders bookstore
RT You should try the Petit'Louie on Gold St. I want to know how it is. - Ok, I'll let you know, I'm always up for suggestions.
oh ok
I now crave for some Nesquik strawberry milk!
Hello A little advice. Don't announce and release new prosumer cameras while you still have a 3 month backlog on my #$%@ order
April 16th Pikes Peak Earth Event- Doherty HighSchool 10-3 Free admission April 22nd Earth Day Live Radio Remote Balloon Pop
. Headaches are not fun...hope it passes soon.
great, I hope others do the same. This is a garbage future Ubi and Blizzard have started us towards.
thoughts on CBJ trade yesterday?
Today I've decided to stop using the ellipsis to close out a sentence. This will start tomorrow...
I cannot WAIT until the "Do you have tax forms?" questions stop. We don't. We haven't in 20 years.
So has $CHK frozen employee stock sales a la Enron? This company is screwed.
RT : A4 - was featured in for some innovative segmentation strategies that drove conversions...
We're are! (215) 508-1030. Pick up by 4PM, Christmas Eve (Sat,24 Dec) RT : Are you taking orders for Christmas?
Anyone else in Phoenix now for COSUGI? Join me @ the Sheraton lobby bar @ 5:30 AZ time (purple shirt) Lets talk libs!
don't you got Allie to play with?!
Allen Cooper rounding people up for the trauma panel--veterans issues and PTSD are bound to be discussed
I respect your opinion, just don't tell me what it is...
I hope all of my seniors have fun
hello my friend. HOw are you?:)
I'm going to be Nostradamus and predict that when the Lakers lose to the Denver Nuggets in Game 7, all #KobeFans will pray #Durant to win it
That being said.... At least Indy's handling Manning better than GB handled Favre.
Morning commute, lunch and primetime are peak times for Facebook engagement. Post once per days says
I watched the entire speech. You have an awesome Senator.
you tweeted me to wake me up. And I had a dream you tweeted me saying lets go to jersey shore and im like right
That's it is yanked from my feed. I am speechless at what it's become and, moreover, what it tweets
thanks for the welcome! #140cuse has been a great experience
Had a great time playing poker for the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation. Tons of nice people out for a great cause
I WAS WONDERING WHERE YOU WENT :(
the winter lasagna combo from is rocking my world. the scent of truffles wafting from it is absurd.
Dear , that's not west coast!!... Just sayin!
We have just received the National Arts and Humanities Youth Program Award at the White House. Watch First Lady Michelle Obama present...
So fun meeting you in person at breakfast this morning! -Allie ( )
Congrats Luke! RT : LB Luke Kuechly and Carolina agreed to a 4-year, $12.58 million deal, all guaranteed.
I will sign that petition
i hope you guys like my boobies
Howdy, neighbor! Happy Spring . . . in your step!
I just want to be where you're at with life but instead its like I'm losing and you're winning
Such a beautiful day today but so tired.
Even if you're not the person speaking in a group interview, people are looking at your body language. Palisoc
Good morning - strong coffee, got some work done already & now observing The Bridge training via !
YES!! That would be great!!
where do we buy?
APD investigating a rollover accident on I-40 Westbound at Wyoming in NE #ABQ. No injuries. Two right lanes closed. Avoid if possible.
What up G? I had forgot my password but im back on now
This really shouldn't be as hard as it is.
lol right!!! I really need too
how r been buddy
get a netti pot, and drink lots of kombucha, you will feel better in no time.
To all the amazing women who have blazed a trail so that my path might be easier.
Wait is a shade queen for calling me a junk food eater natural white cheddar puffs are good for you
yea I haven't been there in years!!
Wonder how and Co are gonna spin this one...hm...
You just HAD to remind that he can't spell worth a damn, didn't you? Next you'll be asking where the other T went.
I told my hubby that Siva looks like he has Lego man hair. He said he thought he looked more like Bruce Leroy. ROFL
Johnny Depp is incredible! He's like the man of disguises.
I love like Germany loves
great so far
The nerve of some people.... WHY?? SMH :-/
I'm so excited for Sunday I can hardly stand it!!!
Good news: Google Drive was launched today. Bad news: No Linux support.
I know, it's crazy how fast time flys...
I refuse to live my life in fear that around every corner is some evildoer. If I thought my baby niece was in any danger taking
I love Lauren and everything but dang calm down
Time for refill...coffee w/ hazlenut and carmel!!!
N.O soon?
not yet, maybe some day. try amazonRT : Thanks for follow back :) There aren't Popchips in Italy...that's sad :\
I been having headaches almost everyday. :(
Got everything but the skateboard >.< & I spent all my money so it's ganna take me a while :P
": I need patience.." I need a lot of it.
“: How are your shingles? I've been concerned.
Need ah Supafreak!!!
Jalani tryna rip out my belly ring!!!!
I fuckin parked like a motherfuckin champ today
I just read the funniest letter ever haha
I am still waiting on some or any of you to send me some questions for my pendulum. Do you already secretly use a pendulum to get answers?
Heavy is the head that wears the crown, I'd love to be one to disappoint you when I don't fall down
At least Dale Svuem knows Loe shouldn't pitch to someone batting left handed.....
Lol he's my 4.0 man. It's only because all his finals are this week. other than that he studies are usually daily..
Thank you for the motivation your someone that has strong beliefs too since you believe in me.
Shout out to the #southridge baseball team today on going for the district championship
you are just gonna be repeating my Basinger like that? Lmao
If i would date one of followers at would be the sexy girl with the locks
#6. Pistachio Ice Cream: as you type it, you think your spelling it wrong. But then, you realize you spelled it right! No squiggly red line!
Love to travel, hate to pack. Would totally hire someone to pack for me if I could.
Happy Sunday! Tomorrow Starts another work week....
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward. Victor Kiam
catch you then ;)
awh, same goes to you.
Are you watching Wango Tango?
We're open till 5:30pm Drop in today and get those spare #auto keys and remotes. Don't for get to ask about our #Packers keys
has done a great job focusing on business use cases. Planet RDF has a ton of great info, but is more technical.
Good job!
Time for lunch soon!
like a new twitter name, but relating to niall
that's the only way I eat them! my family makes fun of me for it. thank you for not making me feel so weird.
Tumblr isn't working for me :c
dyrdek day gotta love it
Its delayed....but please tune in....Episode is writen and directed by the fantastic :))
looks like you got to see a hell of a game....
is on guitar! woo :D
100% of people drive used cars. Every car is used once it's driven. :)
Strange mood tonight so finally went to Friday Night Jazz @ Westminster Presbyterian Church. Recommend. Loud, good music can help you focus.
follow me ?
I really don't understand why it's so hard to find a job where I know what my hours will be week after week. Is that too much to ask?
Things to do on Friday, May 4
Right?! Throw some money at it!
DO NOT APPLY for a #job @ #Brafton #Boston if over 40. #HR Ben Bell, Sean Greene, #VP Allen Schweitzer will NOT HIRE YOU! Age Discrimination
Cancer doesn't care. Very sad to have lost such a creative spirit.
Always wishing you the best Mendoza! Safe travels and good luck in the dirty dirty!
online store opens on or around Oct 1. Will have opportunities for pros who want to be involved. Email me at .
I sleep less, I'm tired. I sleep more, I'm tired.
let this review start already so i can go home and procrastinate...ugh.
How do we address this?
Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play. -Heraclitus
Great to have you and look forward to your questions
for what? Lol, you tell me that EVERY day over twitter!
Haha. I know, it is. Yes, well...it's sort of a good thing. He was cute, but not a good person at all (Not you at all).
Praying for a peace of mind right now. @ the Med visiting my nephew in TICU. This is killin me mane straight up. Wishing it was me instead.
game on!
Join the club v.v
"Library and students at heart of campus"
gave a birthday wish in my latest Urban Dish
I think Bulls need another win cause Heat have 3 games left. Win tonight means at tie.
Sweet dunks and meaningless 3's doesn't make #Knicks JR Smith a good player
“: Listening to the score from Rudy while jogging is where it's at as far as inspiration goes.” u stop jogging 2 tweet that?
awesome hanging with y'all #TweetUpBash Cheers!
The Whole Team is here at Club M celebrating Maria & Hugo's 10 Year Anniversary. Such a gorgeous place for a great occasion!
ok I didn't mean it.. I just need some rest badly
lololol it just seems like it :p
#MLV bidding on ya homeboy in a charity auction.
RT : I wonder what the numbers would look like if you included labor and the arts in this study?
yess :) haha i wanted to know how to share the screen thass all :D.......well byee :P
we missed 's ustream! He did something called #CHAINING in it!
YAY! Can't wait 2 party w/ u RT : : That line up literally made my jaw drop. Jingle Jam is going to be AMAZING!!
I'm only interested n pleasing her & she's only interested n pleasing me.We mke love all nght afta we pillow fight & dip Oreo cookies.
5 more days of high school? I think so let's do this!
He beat me, I give up
"we can't score" "set a pick for harden and get the hell out of the way"
Hoping everyone had a great Easter weekend!
. says Twitter is the best medium for breaking news
I will call and see if we can really rent a boat from the Rec center lol. I'd die!!!!
Love you so! Luv your shows! Your the best! Merry Christmas! Keep wrapping! Pray for me...I'm on dialysis
re: Legal cases added to Google Scholar - For Supreme Court cases, try oyez.org instead. More info (inc audio), no ads
You were my strength when I was weak, you were my voice when I couldn't speak you were my eyes when I couldn't see <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
I made a stop earlier...
cool, looking forward to see you at the session #scon12 pls flag me down to say hello b4 or afterward
right, so the question of _if_ writers talk about the market isn't the question, they do. But does the market become...
how excited are you to be playing with Jeff Saturday?
hope it works out
Dear flu: please go away. I'd like to get back to my life now.
is back online at last. M, naked DSL
Gettin thru this workday.....got the bm in my inbox, atleast she civil, but sorry thats a no no.
"Are you telling me these banker schmucks lost $5M of the Mob's money?" "Dumb fellas, huh? Unwise guys." Happy Friday, Dimon.
is headed to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square for the JINX reading @ 4PM! Hope to see you there!
FOUND OUT WHAT TA DO YET?...LOL...
so happy for the great news today!!!
We saw you right as you were driving past #area55. Don't be a stranger!
Let the sun rise over Mount Diablooooo! ~ <3
It wasn't even an idea a year ago, but here we are.
#boyleheights best: and I. Together again.
morning rush and not unusual for us to wait over 30 minutes for an EXPRESS bus we pay $5.50 for!
Sarah Dougher: Miley Cyrus/Hannah Montana embodies dichotomies of authentic/commercial, normalcy/stardom, private/public.
well that and now I have an undying desire to slide down the top of a PNC Park escalator
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 21
Flying to Toronto on Friday. Really hoping the strike is resolved before then!
But hey nothing good is gonna come out of that
i love dallas green so much
RT just wanna get drunk tonight. Pdfffft >> everyone needs a goal!!
Doh! For me it's because I started before the Caps game and ended early :)
The laptop shut down while I was writing my paper & it didn't save. Fuck my life. I lost like half of it.
Do I not show enough emotion?
I'm lazy.
Happy Women's Day to all my ladies! <U+2665><U+263A>
So if you tell your taxi driver to hurry and they get pulled over, are you liable for the ticket? (no did not happen to me!)
Have a great day everyone and enjoy the weekend! :-)
this pretty much sums it up: I put my porn snuggie on when it's time to get down (with myself).
shuuuttt uuppp!!!! Congradulations!! I highly respect u for that.. Some cant do it!
im sorry /: ill be back next year! <3 &i love you too<3
I wish nic's ex would disappear. She's really annoying and so neurotic. I hope she creeps my Twitter. this one's for you little miss!
Ego is a killer.
Homeless Families
come to saga then!
And this weak bitch Suzie "feels bad" for Keisha when shes the slut that put her in the situation by runnin her damn mouth
Another long day in LBK.
Are you at Quality 16?
Do they send a letter home when you get a Saturday detention?
RT“: DON 'T CALL IT A COMEBACK FUCKERSSS ! LOL”
Judge sets bail in Dutch coalition to give evidence at odds over email hacking Norway diary.
I miss a girl's kiss
you have no idea how sorry I am I missed that LOL :-P
And all my n*ggas got that heat, feel like pat Riley
Yesterday, on November 1st, I launched my preemptive strike against holiday weight gain: more exercise, less carbs, death to snacking!
I wish Will Arnett was the spokesman for every company
When you're looking at singles for anime with an artbox, yeah. Singles are completely dead now, aside from Madoka and Gundam UC.
ohh ok lol do u live in atlanta
In Fall, it's important to promote the production of body fluids. Good things to eat include nuts, seeds, pear, lotus root, and pumpkin Yum!
Drew Doughty has reached a verbal agreement with the Kings. Speculated to be 51m over 7 years.
Thanks for the RT Tyler! We have almost reached 10,000 subscribers to our MENTALCOACH newsletter! Keep spreading the word!
Ha! Just remembered Super Spud & Butterboy's secret identities: Tommy Tater and Lonnie Land O'Lakes. I crack myself up.
Maybe they can get the Maverick to pay for Mom's surgery, he can just sell a couple of Cindy's purses...
Your the biggest legend on twitter dude !” well.. *le flick hair* yes, I suppose so ;) "
In this joint here in Philly called #MilkBoy and the coffee is off the chain. This might be a Starbucks breakup.:)
How close was today's ruling on two Packer's coaches and ther bounty system? People have to be thanking they stars for McCarthy
I must admit. I'm intrigued with the concept of the new Assassin's Creed game. Slicing up Redcoats? Yes, please.
< hates being home!
Ugh. Just came home from school! Dx I hate afterschool... Pretty funny day with my friends thoughh...
You know the Petco Park fences situation is bad when your pastor mentions it in his sermon.
Better just give up b4 your heart gives out lol
aw well I wasnt goin a friend wanted to kno who was goin lol. But wollbrinck said on the track in the bleachers
Playing with my new phone, the new palm pre is AWESOME!
Light skinned niggas pee sitting down. It's in the bible, Ima twitpic it later.
I just finished core synergistics I hate working out at night
It's a scramble just to keep up with the latest updates on the Swine Flu, so much info coming in this a.m. Following CDC here on Twitter
who tints windows?
Male Dance Teacher Opening Get Dance Jobs.
The secret of success is sincerity. Once you can fake that you've got it made. Giraudoux, Jean
See you on the charts in 2012... Orphanz™
Yummy homemade stir fry and a movie, A Place of One's Own. I am content.
heads up. For the next hour or so I'm participating in #lrnchat. Join the learning!
I'd fly to the moon, I'd paint your gray skies a beautiful blue, just to get one step closer to you<3
Hi Ashish, the answer depends on the individual. An increase in 60 points would certainly help though.
“: Moments like this specifically make me miss Marquette... Sighs...” we miss u to Jenny
Just wait until Alex Smith underthrows his first pass in his direction for Moss to lose interest and become disengaged
Thanks for the mention. Hope your w/e was good.
#maddow madness coming up!
You could really be a Beau Brummel, baby, if you'd just give it half a chance...
I'm stil hungry ! I miss 9th grade's chicken wraps !
SAT today :/
A magic 8-ball? Seriously?
I think we each just described half of twofer. This calls for a code phrase.
Awesome workshop w/Arlie Day! She's always so nice! Past weekend: Scott Wissner workshop sun, Actorfest sat! Saw familar faces in both!
You're gonna have to explain it all as I'm watching.
#Thatawkwardmomentwhen you show your mom a picture on Facebook, but she doesn't leave afterwards.
2nd saying guys won't like anything that a girl might do. Not all will like it, and maybe not most.
ha, you'll have to make a new username for Digitization Services.
remember that night you promised? if this should ever end. you wouldn't go changing, and now you come saying we can't even be friends
: same. Its so boring... Cant. Stay. Awake.
Thx Austin #eli2010 and for a great conference. More librarians come to #eli2011 in DC
Work, meeting, beach volleyball, lie to me. What an eventful Monday I have to look forward to!
oh no:(. Time to get serious on air quality
Burb-N-Hitez in the lab tonight
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis Finding Penis
Natalia would have been a better pick!
girlfriend, tired lol. Deep sigh. How are u
RT RT @ liveforsuccess "Ideas w/out execution are wasted. Knowing what to do & not doing it is the same as not knowing what to
So don't want to be at work today.
one of the reasons i hate tv news. the "news" is already out there, so they "ugly" to keep the story moving. yuck.
I miss you ;)
yes we do girl... me and olga have been saying the same thing...
I NEED 10 FEMALES THAT WOULD BE INTRESTED IN PLAYING IN A FEMALES BASKETBALL GAME FOR A MUSIC VIDEO
Lol "that swamp of indiscretion called social media" great line!
I never suggested it was fair. Many needed actions are not necessarily fair. What would have been the alternative?
How is it going?
My bad, sorry Stephan. Will be at Union Station Thursday.
Sorry I didn't get a chance to meet you tonight. Thx for following.
Jus Presents My Chapter Ta Da Class I Kno I Passed
Is this kindergarten basketball?! RT : KHSAA BOC adopts running clock proposal for basketball for 2012-13 season.
What's happening here? I used to get invited to this stuff. RT : Hitting up Spain next year and traveling Europe with !!!
Me2! LOL RT : Since I'm just watching the #rootstech keynote via the Internet, i'm going to be rebellious and leave my cellphone on.
Jamison rebounding well from 0-10 performance last night to hit last three shots tonight.
More L
I think I just fell n love with lil mo again forreal... Lol that bitch energy was real..like str8 one of the girls on the block
thanks, Cynthia. Have a great weekend.
FINAL from DB Milne Field... 21 Fresno St 2!!!
I guess I don't even know how you'd kill a horse without a gun.
"On this day of remembrance, the United States stands with all those who pledge never to forget." - Amb. DiCarlo,
exactly what it say foo .
Trying to write a sales letter for my first product - a report on writing. If I'm so good, why is this so hard (grin!)
Why is #TreeOfLife one part poetry drama, one part Discovery Earth, and one part Jurassic Park? Oh and ut just went 2001 on my ass!?!
call me after the tourny
The Avengers right now with Mario, Drew, Michael, Bobby, and Luis. STOKED!!
I was just reminded that I'm watching a TV show in real time. My inability to fast forward is giving me an anxiety attack.
And I wish you all the love in the world, but most of all I wish it from myself.
:) the q is: will we be feeling our way into a ubiquitous future & what will be feeling then?
hey are u a cat ? xx
Kruger pulled his name out of consideration for the Oklahoma job.
This is like watching a bears game
So warm in the valley, so chilly in LA!
wow had a great weekend with everyone(: went to rolla hung with friends then spent sunday with the most amazingest person ever(:
Nothing in life comes easy
how was the hunger games???
Last night a lady in the audience told me to "calm down twitcher." I'll be uploading a video this week of how I responded.
75 centimeters, and it's the perfect size.
will you have that sex tape ready for me when I get home?
i am in the office today if you want to come by. please let me know what time. don't just drop in as i have many appts today.
The next #Spokane-based contractor that bitches about the economy can put a sock in it. Can't get a single one of 'em to bid or follow up.
Come on...it's football! The elements are what makes the NFL great! GB played in snowstorm yrs ago against TB!
I was just about to turn shallow and then I had to go get inspired and ish -_-
Love is much like a wild rose, beautiful and calm, but willing to draw blood in its defense.
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
Did you get into Google+ yet? I'll send you an invite if you give me your email address.
I feel so nervous. When is the... official signing "ceremony"?
Here's to the Directioners who call One Direction "our boys", "my boys", or "the boys".
I wanna get a pair of those big old rubber galoshes my Mom used to make me wear on days like this. Remember? They had big buckles.
how do you keep hearing about shows way before me?
Ditto kiddo. It's always great seeing my Meeekeeeez!
come to us...we will feed you and cut your hair. You'll look like crap but you'll be full and satisfied.
Anyways im going to house :)
I LOVE their bloodies! Never seen it this crazy. They were out of ALL glassware for about 10 minutes.
coach d is jealous because Iowa sucks ass at everything
If I owe you a follow back..just, mention me and let me know..
Happy happy birthday ! Have a fantastic day!
follow she follows back :)
retweet if you like mac miller
yeaa, I just don't know what makes a woman want to have sex with a nigga that ain't her baby dad. That's foul lol
oh niice! how are you
Jamberry! Definitely going to have that little rhyme stuck in our heads, in the best way possible of course.
Happy birthday to my prom date!
My retainers hurt
well what did he say to you.
Retweet if your against ABUSE of any kind.
- thanks for sharing! got any other reports?
Chris Bosh (personal) will return to New York in time to play in Thursday's Game 3 against the Knicks.
no one remembers wade dribbling the ball off of his foot in the finals last year?
Titus Livius~ Men are slower to recognize blessings than misfortunes.
Guys that will beat somebodys butt for you just cuz of what the say or how they act>>>>
Screw you calc. I'm going to bed.
Keep ya head up :) Passion wins anything!
2011 was the year citizens took charge. #Egypt #Libya #Tunisia #Syria #Russia. What will 2012 be?
Jeff Littmann Memorial Ride on Sunday, details: www.kayzar.com ~ whether you knew Jeff or not, ride in support of fallen cyclists everywhere
The Show on Wednesday has been moved to Low Spirits (2823 2nd St. NW)... hope to see ya there.
Shutout to for being 1st to complete the lyric
make me out to be the bad guy. if that makes you sleep better at night, have at it. i genuinly wish you have a happy and fulfilling life
At the for the Monkeyville Appreciation Breakfast. Thank you :-) & CMHOF
Hey rest of Atlanta, try to operate more like the #Marta braves shuttle. A surprisingly efficient operation.
To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did.
being allergic to grass is no bueno
That's what they all say. I hope you are doing well. Keep up the good work on that station I can't mention.
HE SAY HE DONT WONT NONE ON ME DAMN. MORE TATTOOS AN PIERCINGS
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past. - Patrick Henry
thanks so much to everyone who came to the SDCC & HDCC Health Care Event last night! It was a huge success.
Stride's new Tropical Trance flavor has my name written all over it
(cont) We also have a ton of #beer resources & links! Brewers & bloggers, if we dont have U listed, please let us know so we can add u!
better no it
Listening to Tom Jones on the radio is like having the ability to call myself. Looovin' it!
$250! same as the ones for 2012 :)
Breaking Necks Since 2004
“Writing is the hardest way of earning a living, with the possible exception of wrestling alligators.” ~ Olin Miller
Interesting statistic - I access #facebook almost exclusively on my
How's it going #Chicago!?? Thank your for your support thus far! In need of 1,000 followers! Spread the Word about
If you plan on voting in the November 8th general election in Indiana, you must register by Tuesday, October 11th.
don't you mean... don't keep on f*cking your ex's too? oap
had a good time at bible study tonight, celebrated a brothers b-day, good times
Oops I meant Ricky.
#IStandGrand please follow me! Words can't describe how much you mean to me! :,)
Great AFTRA meeting tonight! How to turn a non union job into a union job!
Love Hootsuite, but now I realize how much I need it too! lol Excited to see the new changes! Thanks for all your hard work!
haha close, it took 20 minutes
We do our best to pair you with a counselor that suits your personality and can meet YOUR specific needs.
pretty unsettling it's a 'vault' situation.. feels like yesterday
AHAHAHAH iTunes support! That's the best joke ever!
So we talking game 7 tickets yet?
Happy 3rd Birthday to the man I love the most; my godson. I love you TJ! <3
always tweeting some knowledge
All my prayers to Dick Clark's family!!!
Since sex got easier to get, Love got harder to find.
I jus want my money! RT ": bitch you anit gootta call my phone matter a fact all hoes can leave me alone ! (;"
#nowplaying "Red Car" from The Complete Art Pepper at Ronnie Scott's - June 1980 LPs. Art had soul, and a voice all his own.
Miami, are you ready??
C'mon man. How you gonna get all the way to the laundry room only to realize you left your detergent SEVENTEEN FLOORS above?
That one was basically for you.
Attending the premiere tonight for a film my friend Jaqueline Fleming is in, it's a T.D. Jakes film, "Woman Thou Art Loosed". Premiers...
bring on the meat!!!!
#MusMem: Seeing Starry Night in person nearly brought me to my knees. Unbelievably powerful experience!
I follow cuz he will be one of the first contacted by the government when the aliens attack. They must save him to save awesome.
because they're idiots!!!!!
some company would be nice tho
Last summer I fell while biking (at night on unpaved road in small town without street lights). Not the smartest move. My knee still hurts.
Born on this day also known as the late: Liberace, Henry Fonda.
So this Chick fil A is open today though!
Cakesy, sorry to hear about Belle. 16 years is a great run. Thoughts and prayers to your family.
Dying to see 1D this summer! Happy graduation to me?
Playing in Portland Maine tonight with some cool bands. Early show, we go on at 7pm.
I would always sleep on my stomach.... then i grew boobs
at April's sales pace, it would only take just over 6 months to absorb the current supply of apartments on the market
Mini nap b4 work
How often do you purchase cosmetics?
Another evening in on my own with toothache. Ho hum. Tramadol and Star Trek it is. Jesus, I need to get out more!
Thx for the
I need to get on my twitter game
Must become a skinny girl again, for my health & NOT for men. Jumping headfirst into the healthy bullpen. Let's do it together, girlfriend!
seems like a cheap price....is that because it is so far down Brawley School??
but you can send some joints to my email.
Short hiatus from #twitter and so many fab new #health #followers! Welcome!
Wow, breaks yet another major story with spot-on accuracy. Impressive.
Im a lounge lizard.
Who is the scariest musician ever?
true dat u r funny lol ;)
OMG!! Just saw Justin Bieber's boyfriend music video it is so AMAZING!!!
I have a serious problem with liking tan girls..
was it awkward because the machine was too cute?
Im ready for sexynesss!! Oh my ovaries!!!
which car are you driving?
Richt: "...you can still over-sign with 25. ... The question is everybody’s integrity. ... Are we all going to do things in the right way?"
Is it a good book? I'm about to start reading it for English.
you got a link by any chance? On a side note per earlier topic nice to live in Titletown where the next playoffs start on Sun
Usual Suspects on HBO. This film is fucking magnificent. Got to watch from very beginning.
this week is good for me ! so much to catch up on. drinks downtown after work? you know where all the hot spots are :)
I listen to everything:) so your band is metal? Any shows coming up?
even if they aint got one lol
A Calipari team shooting FTs well? Next thing you know, all of these wins won't be vacated in 3 yrs...
You really need to have your own sitcom!!!!!!!!!!!!
Listen deeply. Remember truthfully. Act bravely. Hope relentlessly. - wise words from at 's #commencement on sat.
had to go get your allowance huh!? Chayse
thanks for the report. our support team is in contact with their API team to report this to them.
Info snacking- you never have to be bored. You check in with your games, friends, etc during spaces of time
Also :D But were still good friends, i know my mom especially and she won't like the fact that I'm Bi...
Didn't Go To School Today :D But My Body Is HURTING A Lot D;
They're recording these, so you'll be able to see the videos later :)
There's a problem here between user as a term of art in design and its colloquial use.
we're so cool
Nuggets play-by-play man Chris Marlowe joins The Score at 7:45 AM to talk about NBA Finals Game 7 and Nuggets offseason moves... AM1510
I swear everyone is using Omegle at this moment. Your tweet has started a movment.
MY GF ASKED WAT IF THAT DVD DNT WORK.MY RESPONCE.THEN UMA TAKE IT OUT AN PUT SOME ELSE IN...RETWEET IF U GET IT OR JUS FOLLOW
TONIGHT - TECHNO-LOGY CUBED with Special Guest DJ's J. Bowra, Turtlefeet!, Zim & Kevin Kirkland along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!!!
follow and please :D x77
what the heck...
Loved the Big Ben/Hoiles story. BTW, we need a 3rd baseman here RT It was incredible to be a part of that!
Do you think it would work for your head?
#PR firms are like flea markets: some offer delightful discoveries and genuine value while others have half empty bottles of shampoo.
Ik its so weird;)
sounds good. I'll be by sometime this week
- vice city was my favorite
: what!?! Looks like I have some research to do
Don't worry the Reds will do better against the Cards later in the year
appreciate all the support!
Thx for the RT. Been quite a while since I said hi. Have you finally visited San Diego yet? Would love to show you around.
#edu anyone have good examples of moving student orientation to university (higher ed) online instead of in-person format?
Holy shit, the original Pokémon theme song is on my old iPod. Memories...
have a nonprofit in the works that require quite a bit of event planning.
shut ur mouth
I'm gonna die!!!
#thatawkwardmoment when you don't know if that's a girl or a guy
Candidate must possess a minimum of 5-7 years experience working as a full-time operator in a legal word processing department.
Crowning moment!!! :))))) Yayayayaya! Let the best kiddo win! <3 Even though they're all winners in my book...because they gave me candy ;)
Digital Sky Technologies, a Russian Internet investment co. plans to purchase $100 million of Facebook's common stock at $14.77 per share.
Agreed, I'm just saying is LGBT ppl are like everyone else, we are not "special" individuals. MT no community
Can I read the Bork Laser picture book I'm writing/illustrating?!
yeah i know, but its spelled adam
Ah, just arrived...now it is time to harass Mark at the Supertraining booth. For those seeking a bigger bench, check out his Slingshot!
#IfIRuledTheWord I'd make sure , , , , & had it made.& could have everything
Hey, happy holidays...did you get your bbq on this week?!
right back at ya cuz i so know ur talking to me;))
Cool! Love to hear more about it!
Glad you're asking... not yet though. Come on down to KC! T : Do you have any distribution of that product here in...
I do feel bad about the deer but they didn't show up for their day in court.
Your so cocky! Why would you put you own name in there? Lol RT : Kanye West Jay-Z Eminem &gt; any of your favorite rappers
a cookie from subway
The type of legacy I want to leave behind is the kind that starts out in diapers and grows up to be awesome
Follow my friend
Hey Claudia, I'm in Gainesville, going to WPBeach and Miami in the coming week. Any of those, really. Thanks!
how's life? Go to Colorado yet!!?
Seriously? My phones messed up again? Fuck today.
such an adorable picture! Happy Mothers Day to MammaCena :D
Tracy - libraries are obsolete but librarians are not.
My junior prom theme was "Dancing in the Moonlight." I feel ripped off.
Had to stand outside of the outback waiting for the rain to stop & then make a run for it cause it didn't stop. Now i'm SOAKED .
When you're sitting there with your pants around your ankles think about all the shit you want out of your life and flush it away.
a roger waters fan, too? be still my heart!
I'm hungry. Get. In. Mah. Belly!
shannon..remeber, we've one the past 2 times the flyers scored first and all the other games we lost when we scored first
SIGN UP FOR YOBITV AND WATCH ME TAKE THE STAGE!!
that's great to hear, Jenny. Is the term already over?
Going to Dave Matthews Band and Tool concerts this summer. Listening to live performances to get ready.
Got my middle finger up, ask m how I feel. I just couldn't give a fuck, travis t-mills ...<3
Trying times are not the time to stop trying
Great show tonite! So nice to get a chance to thank you for appearing on the Inverse Delirium Podcast.
Thanks! I'm pretty lucky to have super-amazing customers who get what I do and why I do it.
shut up meagan
im about #BUNGEEJUMP out of the office window
Like maybe if the AC was on in this place I wouldn't be such a fucking bitch
Blazin Steaks in Windward City is hiring.
FOLLOW SHONTA MCKINNEY @ COMPLETELENGTH ON TWITTER, FIND OUT ABOUT NEW GREAT DEALS.....
So its great that egypt has no president, but now what???
I am very interested in using it just for my internal staff. I see contests in my co-workers future.
u n me both lol asap!!!
65% of consumers already feel overwhelmed with too many marketing messages.
Notre Dame grad tried to correct my English today. Not having it. Those days are over.
Come down to Grand ave and see all the cool stuff!
THINGS ARE GREAT BETWEEN MY MAN AND I (my nigger) he's white
Wonderful message, Taoli I appreciate that wisdom!
Great balls of fire?
So impressed with the fantastic work has done this semester. Seniors, you will be greatly missed.
Spring fever > February flu.
you the one on his dick not me lol
Looking forward to meeting all y'll in September.
#NBC #Smash is great tonight! Last episode before the finale
I'm on up outa bed. What have I missed. Is there anytweeps talkin about the football yet ?
Can I please hit you in the face... with my foot? hard.
def! Tell me when. Let's set up a photo shoot soon w
lol that shit didn't make it no where
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep. - Adams, Scott
: nope you had to be done with it already.! :P lolz jk
The Leisure Pool opens in four days!!!! Hallelujah!!
and things are only ever done if you can cross them off your list so...
I know & uploading "Night Shades" on website 04/13/2012
Social Media Marketing question. Are Twitter trending (promoted) called PP# (pay-per-#hashtag) or PPT (pay-per-tweet)? or just SMM?
I hate that. I had someone check in at my house once... um... No! RT : Someones the mayor of my work on 4SQ they dont even...
ah I have always wanted to play that game with you!!!!! Can I play with you too?!?! :D
if you would like a download of the album of your choice, or ebook, and would like to recieve future newsletters, send an email address.
Speaker just referenced his mother. Clearly understands that his audience is 85% female. , you get us.
Kentucky by double digits!
originally from Jersey, so naturally, i'm rooting for "Tree of Life"
its blaze we got work to do get at me. i work late so we gotta get together late holla
Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike
Clearly Robin wanted to limit the Sox chances to score with Alexei, Dunn, and Konerko coming up.
....pretty pathetic. This guy keeps on digging his hole deeper and deeper.
Auditioned for my first Christmas commercial of the year today. Then walked out to my car where it was 98 degrees.
Excited to annouce that Masonite has been voted the 2012 Golden Hammer Award for the Doors category!
So than you know exactly what I'm talking about!
All I want for Christmas plus two months is the new EP by
Hey guys FYI. I mentioned all the stars and RTs I get at my last job interview and he really didn't give a shit.
Trying to teach my sister how to play call of duty
lol thnks. thats cool. wow i didnt know he was that old
Successful event! Had a great time at the Komen breast cancer walk/run!
I was able to avoid getting sick... until one too many sick people got close to me. In Bugs Bunny's words, "What's up doc?" :(
If you want something, go for it
Recording this weekend =]
Golf league rained out!
Photojournalists must do what it takes to get the image. Learn to move quietly & swiftly in order to capture images
Damn skippy you should!
what's good Red!!!
I am a manatee.
Thanks for coming out last night! It was great to see you all.
Cant wait, I'll be at spring training same time too, see you there :)
what baby?
She better hold him tight, give him all her love, look in those beautiful eyes & know she's lucky cuz he's the reason for the teardrops.
Congrats on reaching 80 countries! So exciting! Wish we could visit.
Heard song on this morning goin to school came late from
In Hong Kong, a BETRAYED WIFE is LEGALLY allowed to KILL her CHEATING adulterous HUSBAND but she may ONLY do so with her BARE HANDS.
make a calendar n stick to it.
People need too shut their mouths and grow upp.. honestly!
Today I learned that 14 million kids receive free or reduced price meals at school. It's sad that it might be their only meal of the day.
I'll have them people at ya house..no questions asked
& I are on our way
thanks for the mention! Much appreciated!!
What is racism? When the white iPhone costs more than the black.
your're welcome!
I'd rather have Rodney then
ITS $2 TUESDAY COME PARTY LADIES FREE TIL 11 FELLAZ $5 $2 DRINKS MAKING U LAUGH MAKING U GROOVE
A night that will live in infamy. Now, someone hose that chick's puke off my car.
watching tv then head to work lol you are cute :)
I don't have a short temper, I just have a quick reaction to bullshit.
Too bad horses can't grow moustaches!
Got to be curious the thinking behind making a good portion of cesar chavez park completely unaccessible to people
omg I don't even remember how anymore lol (smh its just sad lol). I haven't dance to spanish music since I was like 9.
Where to brand yourself: In your performances, interviews, press kit
love u Sis
whats the point of writing a list, if you are going to forget the list (:
Welcome back to Smashville! Let's go #Preds!!
Cop: how old are you? McLovin: old enough... Cop: old enough for what? McLovin: to party
At Main Street with my sisters, and . Watching The Raven, pretty scary movie, bro.
No, /you/ are a dead man. At least your hair is.
Bristol Palin does fashion!? See feature in June/July Harper's Bazaar.
lol can you stop
lol yes I do, so how's everything been going
RT : ex girlfriends do too much . bitch you had him , you lost him , & now the next bitch found him GTFO.
Jasmine! Hey, LOL!!! I couldnt tell who u were from that pick & u know its alot of spam on here. How r u boo?
It's fun! How is college treating you?
Ugh. Not much anyone could do there.
#Bears just suck.
I found my Bonnie.
Yes! Finally! RT | BREAKING NEWS: Sidney Crosby will play Thursday against the New York Rangers.
Closing the curtains and passing out for a nice little power nap
great post!
C and i were just on the jumbotron. Go b's!
We interface now and then, but are not actively working together. We should be though!
Wow my dad Just ditch Me to go to a party ugh...... Oh well going to the bar with my cousin then:)))
have a great day:)
Yep. Link will be up a little after the torrent portion starts.
yea! aw, youre my brazilian beautiful friend <3
#3WordsOfAdvice Put GOD First ?? .
Good Bye Blue and White
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you can explain what #ObamaDogRecipes is doing trending. I'm not sure if there's a joke I'm missing or it's just random
hi guys
Thank you! Happy Friday.
Feeling inspired tonight: Chicken Caramelized Onions & White Wine Sauce. Butternut Squash Polenta. Green Beans Shaved Parmesan
kol should have been the half time show
I thought for sure it was going to be in the litterbox.
It's the middle of December and I got my AC and 2 fans on... Only in Florida. -.-
I was at an intersection and a truck rammed into me
just might!!! RT : Hope has an 11.5 still in the rocheruns when I get in town next weekend I need a pair
Or earlier if we're lucky! Happy #newyear! RT Looking forward to seeing you this spring. Cheers!
Hate those! I hope you feel better when you wake up.
best of luck
haha chance is my dog!
top shelf margs?
And at this point in U.S. history, political = bitter.
Kinda late.... But HAPPY NEW YEAR'S!!
Life is good today! Hope everyone is having a wonderful weekend.
don't you and shannon love Jasper's? Any recommendations? We are going tonight.
K & J Magnetic's.inc... Part number BZ082, and BZZ082 you do not get it, because it is being hidden from you.Iam tryingtogetitout.
New best friends with some Pikeville boys....hahaha starting off this night right
Nope. I bought the last six pack of Blonde Ale :) RT : you must not have been buying dos equis.
On Mothers day I think of mine, finally re-united with the only man she ever loved...
Teaser video and Posters coming out tonight for 's newest short film "Badassery: The Tale Of Major & Raheem". Stay Tuned!!!
Thursday already! Where does the time go...
My Natitude is not good. Better get a win before the Braves do!
So we are recording a NEW ACOUSTIC COVER tomorrow! Any last minute suggestions of what song we should do!?
just dropped successful zinger. Unfortunately it was off air, during the break.
I'm burning up sitting under this dryer its been a hour and my hair still wet ass fuck smh!
RT : should follow because hes such a kentucky fan
Paramount Pictures is suing The Family Puzo over the novel THE FAMILY CORLEONE, based on Mario Puzo's screenplay for THE GODFATHER IV.
Is there any chance of surviving bedtime prep with the little ones?
I discovered I scream the same way whether I'm about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot.
My fingers are bruised.
Drama, lies and tears Cheers to these teenage years<U+2665>
GLOBAL YELLOW PAGES : Incorporation of A New Subsidiary – Global YP Limited In ... - 4-traders (press release)
playing Family Feud on FB....
So happy I will be gettin on da road 2mrw maybe like 4 to go back home!
GO BULLS
RT : As you can see, Rosales is here and in lineup. Inge to 15-day DL.
Congrats to choice as new Web Editor for ; faced with the job of making a big beautiful literary brick take flight.
Good Kissers
I Cried When i watched toy story 3
Wow i really need to go to bed...
Scared&Confused impedes progress.
grr your so mean .
your sign is ready for pick-up in Pewaukee!
Oklahoma is awesome. We double dog dare you to try and be bored this weekend.
In seattle bout to perform for microsoft.. Sick set up pic comin soon
Miss you, to!
it really was cold.
let us know if you're still coming. Otherwise, see you next time!
Chocolate strawberries make life so amazing
I can't take it to the casket mind as well enjoy it while I have it
If you get a DM that someone is telling rumors about you, has a photo of you, etc DO NOT OPEN LINK. Delete, tell sender they've been hacked.
I have Steele pan :/
<3 Happy Mothers Day, Mary!!!
Feels good to be back at work.
Thanks for the follow! Very interesting stuff you're working on -- Looking forward to keeping in touch!
Sorry i didnt see this, but welcome
MERRY CHRISTMAS! ..what? it's not december yet? -goes into a corner and cries-
Woww...its February and STILL #nosnow!! :/
Follow me at for a shoutout in my next song !
#ilikeyoubecause you know how to keep a conversation going!
(Lanceotn4h) is now following me on the Twitters! HI there, Jamie Schillinger !
they had jj hardy, but let him go
why aren't you hanging with us this weekend?
The Charlotte Bobcats are hosting the Philadelphia 76ers tonight at the Time Warner Cable Arena. Call us for game tickets: 888-493-0004
me either. All I hear is AH!!! ya... Basically that.
Smiley faces after all of his phrases..either he the one or I'm caught in da matrix!
My ttweets sent backwards -.-
Happy Mothers Day! What was the best dish your mom made for you?
travel your journey and leave your ego behind.
yea, Hinch!!! Congrats on the new gig! Rooting for you!
Just signed up for Pilates :) going to get fit for EDC!
gearing up for ALA's Privacy & Youth Conference! Gathering some great thinkers to discuss how to reach young people with privacy messages
This sleep thing is amazing. I feel great. I should get more.
How many of those peps there own houses back by FHA?
On average, how many phone screens do you conduct per opening?
What are your plans for the great Milwaukee weather?
The difference between a good idea and a great idea is follow-through. – Teresa Erwin Crane
I'm a bit befuddled by the Heckert no-show for the combine news. Unless he is seriously ill, why is he missing a 5 day event?
Hey, I've been a bit busy.
Just because i don't tweet doesn't mean i'm not online.. <3
It's not a good meal if you don't take a dump soon after
who would've thought a land rover commercial could be so depressing?
DS: if you don't hate Peter Angelos, you're not a diehard Orioles fan. If you like Peter Angelos, let us know so we can report you as spam.
You have to wait six months to purchase a fuel efficient automobile made from overseas.
10mins Till Birthday... Whoo Uploading My Video Now!!
I got the Bulls vs Lakers in the Finals. I think this is going to be Kobe's last run but the Bulls take it 6.
HIT EM LIKE A BROTHA AND RUN LIKE A MUTHA
ONLY smoke blunts anything else is a waste #weedcommandments #imjustsayin bowls joints and bongs burn your shit up to fast
You are such a meat.
Here at the Libertarian meeting in Fort Myers someone commented that I was a "hands on candidate" interesting unlike Obama who is hands off
Rewriting day around traffic issues with presidents visit. thought I had figured this out. Following pg administrators live tweets of event.
jen is lame
#Craving A big chocolate mall (;
I feel the need. The need for weed.
Let me get this straight lebron get calls but paul gettin hacked is a no call smh
Aw shucks thanks Lynessa! I appreciate you stopping by ;) RT "Now following Love your website!"
According to my neighbor's girlfriend, his name is Michael You're-Such-a-Fucking-Liar. Sounds Native American.
2 favorite artists at #LBCC (still have my Greta sketch from YJ from a few years back [sweet!]) + (X-Men Evolution)
CATCH ME @ RELIC 2NYT, WE GOT A LOT OF BIRTHDAYS 2NYT!
god bless you wonderful iconiacz who make great fanfics <U+270C>
If you are humbly aware of all your wrong doing......You will always be right:)
why are all your guys friends hot? Share please
Whay should I sing for the IYG talent show.... Skyscraper...or Im Yours
I'm not entirely certain if that is legal, but it would make for an interesting appeals process
Welcoming some new followers!
Not sure how much you want the reading to inform our thoughts, or our thoughts to inform our reading. I'm def the latter.
haha I knew it wouldn't take you long! New Incubus is pretty good.
U wild! ": nothing but ass lmao nothing j/k"
and Happy Cinco De Mayo .... goin out soon for some Coronas ?? is there another Mexican beer available ?? IDK !!
cant wait till i get my car!
Thx everyone for coming to our reading at ! And thx to the lovely and talented readers!! feeling the love on Valentine's Day. xo
Any artist looking to advance their career visit www.iTunesExposure.com
RT : Marian gets laid tonight, but by how many girls? Because It's The Cup.
happy mothers day(: hope u have a grate day (idk what time it is in the UK)
Check out our new album reign of the peng. Its funky as heck. Penguins should not be in cages. On day they will bust out and rule the world
Just saw a shower of pollen float across the sky...SO happy I don't have allergies
I don't even talk about it boy I just do it.
Great team effort, awesome to be winning and also getting quality minutes for the young guys.
your welcome (:'
MY Diamond Studded Tweeps~
Tonight! On the red eye. Dinner & then the 'port I go!
Watching HAPPY-GO-LUCKY. Always loved Mike Leigh and can't believe I missed this one. Spectacular!
I miss my baby girl <3
That awkward moment when you're watching a movie with your parents and a sex scene occurs
secret plans.....
Officials probe fire at Tyler Perry&#39;s Atlanta studios
wishing I could spend Easter with the fam:( but so glad I'm going home with this weekend!
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which, in prosperous circumstances, would have lain dormant. -Horace
haaha!!!! Just reply that way anyway.
Hey you kids, get off of my lawn!
Studies. My prof is a former ambassador to the UN, she can get us in anywhere. Also I'm looking at grad schools, Georgetown 2day
Midlands car parts firm enjoying Jaguar Land Rover boom
Me too. I'm hungry. Who has fresh baked cookies to share?
- I think you should go out & play some tennis immediately after install. No? Not a good idea?
": <~ pushes "close doors" on elevators when I hear people yell "hold that elevator" HAHA ME TOO!
That's f#cked up!
good job messing up something that made you extremely happy, Trevor. #whydontyoufollowyourheart?
I thought you were heading down to the big easy for the #SECTourney?
The only thing I can't stand is discomfort. -Gloria Steinem
:) I had to be obnoxious Bethany...but your being a good sport so ill stop
does facilitation work at all levels
Teardrops on my guitar <3
we'll have some street art in the Refocus: Art of the 1980s exhibition this fall & there may b some programming opportunities…
Needs to storm!
Still shaking my head over the change at Virginia Tech. Absolutely Ridiculous!
Have copies as the competition will definitely have theirs. Start a relationship as well, something substantive.
The woman that bruno's working w/ tweeted about Nashville...if bruno's with her OHMYGOD
I did. Maybe Kickstarter refused to fund the "Huldufolk Sing Sinatra" project even though they were only a few bucks short?
Y'all should check out EMP! It's the crazy colored. twisty building right next door to the Space Needle : )
I thought you were doing twenty rounds?
I had to restrain myself from live tweeting S2: Ep. 7 of Downton Abbey. What kind of strange horror have I become?
To my East Coast friends stay safe and hang on tight. I will keep you in my prayers.
Paint the world with imagination..<U+2665>
beautiful! Thanks
We've posted a few things on the website and facebook - more to be added tomorrow. Sleep well!
likewise, school didn't start but a few months ago over in ES, so I am all out of whack ..LOL
Never knew it was possible for a person to walk so slow
Broadcasting live from Mo's Irish Pub downtown this morning for St Patty's, holy drunk peeps already!
I'm always myself even around the guy I like. And he likes me for me. Not someone Else
Why does it wait until February 12, 2012 to get cold?? Doesn't that suck?
you can take me on a date when I'm in ptown. ;)
love, like true spirituality, is uniquely intimate.
Media Production Volunteers - meeting tomorrow at 11:30 (Moved to room 12)! See you there!
The Royal Calendar: May 3, 2012
Drinks with the girls at Bistro 31
Thank you very much!
Walk of shame from ma girl friends room.
dennis the menace
is the #RIT game on tv? its not on Twc channel 26 like it says
Watching NBA All-Star weekend with the fam
We got them winning tonight - Best of luck to you
RT : It looks like ima b stuck n the house all night!!!! :-( #losing #me too #doublelosing!
you just blew me away on #theVoice Amazing. You're voice is something from out of this world.
Q7 - Why did you call it #radioactive?
you think they have one without the logo on it?
Back in the burbs ! Maria make me food right now please<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
sun in SF?? stop it. you lyin!
I love that song too! (:
Happy Valentines Day Amanda! <U+2665> <U+2665> xoxoxox
Do we stand timid at the foot of our machines stupefied by rapid evolution? Are we unconsciously constructing our beasts of burden?
At Georgetown University, Patrick Ewing was one of the first college players to start on the varsity team as a freshman.
You know what this means. is going through the real South Park.
LADIES: if you could be a guy for 1 day, what would you do? What would you have fun with? Call DIAZ at 502-571-9898 or comment here...
Wow so much new music on the way :)!
Can you help me get newly purchased program working for desktop? It says it "could not connect to Twitter authentication system"
true. And what kind of taking care of do u need?
Merry Christmas to everyone. May you have a blessed day!
haha ok. I wouldn't either
The Bulls had their chance in game 3. Can't blame an injury when you let a 14-point lead evaporate.
RT : My #pdx #clear #wimax was not routing this morning. Why? Because upon trying to connect they redirect to an upsell pitch!
u drunk?! ;) RT: Props to & for reminding me that I have some pretty great friends. Love you guys.
Churchill Downs' mentions Ed Reinke, our beloved photographer who died last year.
Q: Does an archive of social movement ephemera necessarily constitute an art historical category?
what special is that? I love papa johns.
Songwriter/Singer(North Philly)R&B Debut Album So Sin Cere distributed by Island Def Jam Available on itunes,Nokia(Ovi),Amazonmp3,Napster
Fantasy Factory!:)
Shower time then Derek's fundraiser event. Gotta keep a tight schedule. Busy day ahead :)
no. Just first hour.
lol i got them shell toes all black everything
Not much! How are you?
DAMN KOBE
ATTN neighborhood junk peddlers: Once your sale is over, those 17 signs u left on every corner become specifically placed litter
Falling asleep to my fave tunes tonight...just like the old days. :)
I <U+2665> orange juice so much - that it can't be normal, lol.
open up your ears and hear this
Thought of the day: I think hospitals and clinics should encourage athletes to get physicals and scans so tragic events can be avoided.
I love you babe hurry home
Love the weather! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
"Liam once invited his whole class to his house for a party & no one came" Sorry I can't hear you over the sound of my HEART BREAKING
we dowhat we can. Love ya ed!! Best DJ evar
woohooooo! You should prob have kept all the winnings and not shared
We Bought a Zoo was an awesome movie :)
Hmm didn't know that was an option, or that everyone got their line simultaneously. Thought it was based on location...
Which appetizer is better - Pizza or Flatbread?
Its frustrating looking for a new place to live in LA but overall its a good day with my love.
how can your name be Antonio and you're not fat...mind fucked
To watch the rest of the Oscars or go to sleep ridiculously early? Sad part is, I'm halfway to 1 of these things.
I swear im so glad I dont have kids cause half the people who do have them dont fuckin know how to raise them
It'll be cool to have a 3D tv in the class. Great for Science. Kids can look at 3D molecules etc.#LBSC 642
Cockburn: "Dragons Forever" is the greatest martial arts court room drama ever made.
with the roomies! and
-but have no band, you're right-, -hear and not forming a band with my friends.
workout tapes, probably cooking a massive meal, applying all of my new products from fabulous Saturday :)
With the venomous kiss you gave me I'm killing loneliness With the warmth of your arms you saved me <3
I was there during your last shift. You looked super busy
What a douchebag. Typical Patriot RT : Happy Birthday Gary Coleman !!! Yeah *DiddyVoice* take that ! take that !
HERE COMES THE PAIN!
You are giving away monkeys? How did I miss this?
o, that is a good topic. Now how to measure that....
Rootbeer floats... Sweet
just hoping the tv doesn't go through a window.
Don't forget, Greg Shibley will be playing Acoustic Guitar Thursday Night from 7pm to 9pm.
Keep San Diego courts agenda-free. Reelect Judges Longstreth, Lewis, Wohlfeil & Salcido. It's important. Really.
Pretty sure The Rock's rider says he will be oiled up at all times.
I've still got the same wife I started out with twenty-eight years ago
Culture doesn't exist solely in the brain of your CEO. You need to help them define it ... & live it
I've got some... I'd bring them and sit behind HP for Fielder if the Tigers were playing the Brewers this year ;)
Happy new year & be safe!!! party time
OH YES
Took care of my succulents today. Looks like I have a bunch of babies to give away once their roots set up all nice. Any takers?
I CANT WAIT FOR #BELIEVE!!! :) IM SO PROUD OF HOW FAR YOU HAVE GOTTEN. #ProudBelieber <33 Follow me...#NeverSayNever Right? (;
Titles I'm seeing frequently: New Talent Director, Talent Aquisition, Talent Recruiter, ... Not seeing this title: Talent Developer :Why?
read the article about you in Duquesne's magazine. So happy it started here! Cheers to you and makers -of-days everywhere.
omfg there are people in my school like obsessed with korean music like wtf
To everyone who attended National Media Market, please keep in mind our sale ends on December 15th. You've got 1 month to submit POs.
FACEBOOK USERS, ADD MY PAGE Chic De Chick, IT IS A FASHION BLOG, PLEASE ADD MEH, THANK YOU <3
Everything that's happened I deserve it, I'm learning my lesson
#TextsThatGetYouScared can i ask you something :-\
its what eye do best
Brown Line to Lakeview. first to look at some gear, then for some #Spurs football. #COYS #thfc Beat #Newcastle!
Number nine on our Father's Day List is for a cultivated dude. The History of Jazz by Ted Gioia. You know your dad was a hipster too!
you want Starbucks? I might go get something
Is there a "Mercy" rule in hockey? Blue Jackets should wave the white flag
the judge only agreed to give me time... to compensate for the family's lost...
Hang in there. everything is gonna work out.
im A1 everything [':
My next destination might be LA though.
al Queda planned to hijack cruise ships. 72 virgins wasn’t enough to offset getting on a ship where Kathie Lee Gifford was the entertaiment
I did not. I had a buttermilk bar. It was awesome.
so excited, really its kind of about time. I have like 25gb between all my cloud services now though :)
i can get temp guardianship but not custody,until the mother and father both goto court for neglect.ill settle 4 anything rt now
Karenga, cheikh anta diop, etc...I feel like there is an arts management canon but it remains a mystery to me
Gobbling up my greens.
Big Blue defense was on point today!! NY #GIANTS BABY!!
AFRA WHY ARENT YOU FOLLOWING FOOL? -KEN
thanks so much for the green love!
I just got my invite to Wave!! finally.
It's cold in my room fr fr
thank you for that Lucy
just did my hair its a different hair style for me i will post a picture.
I just been fighting with myself about something and I dont want to say it on twitter
we are excited to have you!
I'm sorry that you guys broke up :( </3
Thanks, I appreciate it! Find out more details about my campaign @ www.votehenrybrim.com
Serious. Green bag photo. Should be art! I would hang it on my wall.
Omg my server at frischs has a reverse mullet party in the front business in the back
you know it!
From the pasture: "you must have found some damn good carnie lovin'!!!"
nevermind forgot you weren't in studio
Can't believe spring break is almost over!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
congratulations ! :) you're so lucky that Eleanor tweeted you x
where you at boo boo bear
So classy you little bum...hoes and bitches belong with each other:-)
In shock... Such a tragedy... Gone too soon. RIP Whitney Houston. I will always love you.... <3
you should!! takeover the episode recaps on glee
naw bruh this was like 3 years ago man. Got connects now
I have never seen that. (Yes, I'm hanging my head in shame.)
That trailer was amazing.
I think everyone at Runyon appreciated me playing love is a contact sport by Whitney Houston on speaker
Thanks, glad you like the coffee blog!
eddie vedder is such a perfect human
I don't think the counter is big enough to accommodate that!
congratulations Laural! What great news!
Female Stalkers < blocked
OMG when did she perform this?!
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com go and register and get full access to all the hockey games tonight and always, enjoy the games!!!
What the hell are you talking about?
David Yow = Badass
I just can't watch that stuff anymore! maybe I'm a wuss!
*Blushing* Thank you! RT : Thanks for coming! The information was great!
It's not to late to join us!
Hey wait, would that last post have allowed the US Government to shut down via #SOPA?
Summer Paradise.. Three more days to say in Milwaukee
Just got back from Occupy & am in my warm house, with now dry clothes & get to sleep in a warm, dry bed. I am grateful for what I have.
We have a massive surprise for #Kylestock this year!! You better come if you want to see it. I swear you do not want to miss out!
#triangles are great shapes, eh?
oh come on, your at least a 5(;
Let the pages turn
I think I've found my second calling though - bridal gown model! I worked all of those dresses.
RT : Hello everyone, happy to be here tonight for #Smallbizchat with on mobile marketing.
You're going to use it for Disney on Ice, aren't you?
how goes it
working on a beautiful Friday.... Why am I inside again?
Scope an author went well! #tommydonbavand was awesome & enjoyed #jakehalpern too.
How my mind thinks "5 page essay? Google"
Demetri Martin was the surprise special guest at last nights show!
Called in by PARADIGM to audition for a Time Warner Cable commerical after meeting Stacey Mayer at Breakthrough Studios last week.
Is anyone interested in interviewing bands? If you are, hit me up!
Too many people in my house to focus on my work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Mark Davis has a dog in this fight.
ha ha nice. Thanks for the input.
Today Show is interviewing Mike Lupica abt his new bookGame Changers
Livin' large! Bought 100 ft. Cat6 (gigabit Ethernet) cable at lunch today. Don't be jealous...
stayed home whoop whoop !
we've been great! how've you been?
row u seat 20 section 117
Just watched a seahorse give birth in Marine Biology...weirdest thing ever
that's awesome I'm glad your happy! Miss you. I'll need your address so we can send letters like we used to!
A burl is sort of a tumor growing out of a tree. So - a pretty bad-ass nickname.
we're spending three nights in Rome, then coming back a few days later for one night. can u recommend us two neighborhoods?
Happy Birthday Posh Spice!
#scratch that! && are my newest Bestfriends! Haha
I truly appreciate the RT!!! :) THANKS!
Gentleman, to your corners!
It's an instinct, which makes it rather elusive
no, you don't have swag. stop.
Awsome the opening !
Last Night... was fuckin great !
I'm talking about your Rivals days -- the days of Marve, Greenstone, etc. Again, though, why pick a fight with Jesse?
Nervous. BIG meeting in T minus 23minutes....
Meeting up with our new producer tomorrow to go over demo tracks..we think he will like them
Thanks for the props!
Fujifilm X Pro 1. It's lovely so far. Wanted something less bulky than my Nikon d300.
thanks! Great to finally hang out and work with you and ! Looking forward to more! And soon!
AMKS Trivia Quiz Group: What does it mean to hold a world record? 1 point visit our site to view responses. Great prize to the winners!
as always, we'd appreciate any Retweets and mentions. More than anything we want to converse with out audience. So let us know if you have ?
yes we do!! Call or text whenever:D
Ok I'm tired! Going to take a nice shower and ko. Goodnight y'all! Muah :-)
“Weapon Defense” is an Weapon Defense providing women with confidence to use weapons might be afraid to use.
About four months from now BIG BROTHER 14 will begin! ARE YOU READY?
Public performance TODAY at 3pm at Broadway Comedy Club. Almost sold out! Join us today for some hilarious improv comedy for all ages.
you're on-food-fire tonight! woo!
Good! I'll bet she was- every girl needs a cookie after her ballet recital :)
Thanks for inviting my mom, Sylvia Smith, to visit with you in #Bangor,ME! Hope you played well.
why? Lack of oxygen, temp, or pressure???
haha funny how things like height don't convey online!
thanks love!! I hope I'm off in time for bible study
#VegasRoast zee is so Persian she has to get her forehead waxed hahaha.
we will respond to your email tomorrow. Short answer is: it's a complex matter...but keep going!
can't argue w/ tht
did just say she has a VIRTUAL style package for customers outside of atl?! Now THAT is how you run a business!!
Lighthouses rule. If you don't like lighthouses you suck.
naw i like it
Sure thing!
Thanks! :) Happy Friday!
About 69 percent of our trash goes immediately into landfills. And most landfill trash is made up of containers and packaging. Wait for it..
you used to be one of those hoodlums... lol
Movement Of This Audemars Piguet Oak Watches | golf-shops
Big Mike! What's up? Been busy offline but, I'm back! How have you been doing?
IVY: When things are public and have to sign their names to things, the discourse becomes more courteous.
Kinda wishing this email would write itself. I've re-written it five times already.
Roll Tide!
Our twitter page is up and running. Follow us for availability and special deals!
The fact that my privates are all the way on the east side < &&my trainers not even cute -_________-
Wait wait wait. Not a genius, but financially savvy.
#NCORE2012 is just around the corner! You'll notice our new logo and will soon be seeing some updates to the website.
This sounds like a great program. Did it continue through your first year of teaching?
": #WeStoppedTalkingBecause hearing your voice started to become more painful than the cruciatus curse."
Dear Santa, please bring me the contents of my local West Elm store for Christmas - or just a giftcard would be nice too! Not picky! JK :-)
I do not regret anything in my life, there is no place for shame!
Jason Mraz is the man
Got 3 GC games at gamestop, buy 2 get one free--True Crime NYC, Simpsons Road Rage, and Fight Night rnd 2...
What is now proved was once only imagined.
lol Enjoy! It's worth the wait!
short notice. Brewer game? Free tickets, sect 111.
set that up, so I defer to him!
it's not a movie, you don't know til it's over. Come up here.
Oh my am I hungry.
great Sausage, and my daughter LOVED brick - see you again soon
Mfs joked around and said they'd come to work Monday during this NATO Summit shit and got what they wished for. Stupid mfs...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Does ADHD change with age? Do kids ever outgrow it?
added you :)
YAH man!!! We have plenty of space here in ktown if u wanna crash with 2 nerds and a bunny
There will be an informational meeting about Study Abroad Russia on Mon., January 23 at 2 pm in Manoogian 443.
I have an Aunt (from TX) that used to send us puff painted sweatshirts for x-mas for like 10 years in a row. Ha.
lol what :P
Movie and a nice glass of Malbec at home to relax from the week.
Is that a bayonet covered with Mayo?
happy 2 tweet you! Would love to tell u about our ecommerce system that would be great 4 some of your clients!
I keep running into 5-fingers. But not running IN 5-fingers..yet.RT : I can now get my Vibram shoes on a fast as regular shoes now.
yes please!! I can do Thursday?
scratch me!!! I'm itchy!!!
was there not enough support? There may be a transition period...
Haven't been on in a while.
Thank you for coming!
JUST GOT OUT DA LAB... MIXTAPE JUST GOT FINISHED...THE GUAP-A-THON ( GUAP GETTAS WELCOME ) COMIN SOON FOR FREE ...FUCK WIT IT HA
RT : Text and chat services can help begin to address health disparity issues -- yes!
#OneThingIDontLike people who talk the talk but don't walk the walk
RT : #Ethiosoccer will be held in DC ------> follow for more info July 1st - July 7th,2012!!!!!!!"
Taco Run Today(:
:D great minds ;)
RT : Q3. What is your favorite place to do some people-watching while working out?
thanks! will check in the a.m. Trying to stay "out of the office" this weekend ;)
do you have a facebook page? I am pretty sure I have alot of friends that would be intrigued!
what's your source???
o thank you
It was a great Easter weekend ! What beach did you go to? Bet it was a fun trip. :)
Thx so much!
I need a bonfire in the near future
Open House at 4pm this Friday in Patterson Hall at University of Memphis! Come meet the Pinch staff!
why is Brooke wearing red and black!!!!! Who is she rootin for?
Just tapped, Russian River Brewing Damnation Belgian Golden Ale (replaces Porter) $3 pints $10 growler
girls its so old I use to watch it wit my grandmother I love it thi
From those trees that are just the right height, apparently.
Excellent as always! Really cool stuff with suggestion of incorporating video so children can see themselves in action!
I think a bath and a deep condition therapy to my hair then straight off to bed will do me good.
Hey it's basketball and baseball season, NOT football. Give the pigskin a rest!
Makes me wonder if he has a family to feed, or just hasn't eaten in a long time
What would you say is the official # on the Rachid scale?? RT ": The ratchedness (rachidity?) is so potent here #MIAAIRPORT"
theres only certain times that i like listening to dubstep
Checking out a new location for our Thursday after-work event. Should be fun.
Dealing with Cy Paulino and Cleveland starting innings with two outs is not fun.
Can't get enough of what u got!
I be goin hard like 7 days a week
Everyone hug you mommas today! :)
great meeting you tonight!!! Btw...I'm stealing your purse:)
Stuck in traffic on 360 but at least The English Beat are playing on the radio.
um bored
On today's #TBLMS Trauma Queens LIVE, Spot Collins, Ava Dudani + Miles East. Check it @ 12 noon
I just voted for Friendship Circle Sf to win $250k on Chase Community Giving!
what did you say?
*Girls ": Being jealous and clingy is NOT cute guys."
Max is good at super smash bros jfc
might be time to put the old girl down. Shes got a bad case of the divs.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone.
no sorry. But can you promo me 30x and i will 30x
#indyfringe fans having Fringe withdrawal - head up to this weekend. Lots of great shows just a short drive away.
Thanks John. I really appreciate the plug! I'm just starting a new ep. Would love to include your happy mug if you're willing. :-)
#WhatILoveAboutTwitter is that I don't have to see 50 "likes" and 20 dumb comments every time someone writes "the sky is blue today".
Just made executive decision .! I'm going to sxsw ! Why not ove got a flight...just need a room ..rsvpd for 50 parties..
Everyone is reporting a Santorum win in Louisiana, however they also state no precincts have reported.
Re: Paperwork - That is the unfortunate consequence of policy-makers, not clinicians, attempting to create the rules.
Between you and me, there are wildfires.
glad you can attend! meredith's sessions should be great as always!
Thank you for your support!
Hey this is wassup follow me .
i <3 you KAORU! he's so cool.
hahah honest mistake. If you were serious, I would have considered that one of the heaviest tweets ever.
good deal.
Started Crossfit back today
thanks Andre! :)
Intermission at THE NEWS. I am really impressed with what JacobTV is doing. I think I have discovered a kindred spirit.
I think this may be the most TRUE thing I've ever read!
When you ASSume... You make a ASS out of yourself...
true my mom told me not all people not ment to be N your life forever but only for season..
you should follow me on instagram (:
they're better with Cream.
Reading 'Romeo & Juliet' again :x
Please tell your pants it's rude to point.
Love is not temporary. Love does not fail. Love does not fade away. Love is forever.
Btw did u listen to remixes for the 2 singles?
that bit of knowledge helps bridge gaps that visitors might encounter and other interpreters may not know how to approach.
Sounds good, I'm seeing I can a movie to rent. Take care talk to you later. PS, thanks for the e-mail LOL
We're taking over Greenwich Village- Occupy Thompson St. w/Chess Sets!
Moon looks rull good right now. <U+E04C><U+E32E>
Can't wait to leave class. And it barely got started. Oh wait. Didn't even start yet
AND wtf u mean dis man killed a kid and not in jail...what kind of shit is dat...and dey know where he live?...
love the banana cream tart!
Change your thoughts and you change your world
I hate Francesa also,so arrogant!
missed the cannes press & my opp 2 get tic 4 premiere, but may come to the majestic 2 c y'all off or is it 2 late? dang
“I wish dreams were like wishes, and wishes came true, because in my dreams, I’m always with you."<3
Gave up on red line and drove to work.
All of #MUBB with the 3 goggles at the time out!
He did not deserve a mercy killing anyway. He was a criminal and died in a humiliating manner that he deserves.
Developer of Wilson Park, Harry O. Wilson was a prominent black banker, office still stands at 437 W. Franklin St.
well said. :)
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 51
Just unfollowed hella people on this account
Due to circumstances beyond my control, I cannot guarantee my presence. But let me know where.
Chocolate-covered raisins for breakfast? Sure, why not.
ok c: thank you kind sir c;
: What happen to you?
Sick as a fucking dog
Joining the #innovation talk: Led by former pro baseball player/current OMB John Farmer
Perfect. Oh my lordy. TEACH ME HOW TO PLAY PIANO MADISON. ;)
Standing outside the office bldg where I used to work, had to give God some PRAISE for being set free from 2 dayjobs a year ago!
Happy Birthday!! ! I hope its an amazing 19th birthday!! love ya!! :)
May 6,1952: Anthony Montague-Browne asked "What do I do if PM is taken ill?" Answer: "Send for Lord Moran and he will send for a doctor."
Wife, do you need a wake up call mañana?
A quick double espresso from the truck on 23rd and even skanky 23rd street looks rosy.
I think we are all ready for that
cancel that. Sitting with a broke down car in Everett - you're a VW owner so I know you feel my pain!
Hi. My name is drunk. Do not let me swim in pools. I will drown.
You guys want them, and we're willing to make them! 1,000 likes on facebook means TANK TOPS!
be ready for Sunday. We need u
well said
no rest for the wicked, man.
Trying not to puke on myself. Really, really trying.
The serving size for One A Day VitaCraves is 2 gummies... doesn't that defeat the whole purpose of "One" A Day?
Marketing projects managed by committee typically lack creativity, focus and persuasion.
It's Queen day in Holland We don't have a Queen day in America allthough when I go to midtown I see so many of them
Like the Darth Vader warning. Thanks for sharing. Already made my day.
Omg. Last nights episode of Shameless was crazy!!!
that's just how it should be. We didn't do our job gettin you drunk enough..lol
is this real enough for you?!?!
Shout out right back atcha!
is it like a cheap room because thats what im looking for?
#Pioneers escape with the 61-50 victory over the #Jaguars in the quarterfinal round of the SBC's. Recap to come soon.
I agree wholeheartedly; unfairly maligned.
Call/text me repeatedly after I don't answer the first 15 times so I know it's real...
Oh boy..
I'm In
haha oh oops! Never mind then! And Katie, we don't leave til Monday! I'm excited though!!
If thats true that is terrible!
Pep knew that his boys would get bored & gave them new puzzles to solve. By doing so he stretched the streak.
#Ridenhour book award to Ali H Soufan for Black Banners re torture, US and al Qaeda
Wait Wait, so who's dick died? Superman or Chevy Chase's?
If you're going to be at the American Library Assoc. con in Washington DC June 25-28, stop by & see Sarah at table 4141!
shouldn't you two be working? (;
Perfect weather and going to see Fred Falke. Satisfied.
ASKED IN OUR STORE: "Do these work?" (re: our EMERGENCY CLOWN NOSES) Kari's answer: "As well as most emergency clown noses."
": nice seeing u & keisha." Yaaaay!! It was nice seeing you guys as well... hope to see you guys again soon. :D
Drugs cause great feelings, anger, and pain... Love does the same shit yet it's legal... WTF, over?! -BILLY BRICHITT (2nd 'T' is silent)
I HATE homophobic people >.< people have the right to be happy w/ who ever they want. Whether that's a girl or guy!(: #BiPride<3
My brother: let's watch The Little Mermaid. Me: no sshhh I'm watching Gladiator.
Thanks for the awesome Show at Bushcnans from Houston's Attractions!
Does anyone know anyone who needs their roof replaced?
he's so good
I'm extremely nervous. Hope the #bosox pull through tonight.
I hate doctor office waiting rooms.
thanks for the reminder couldn't of did it without you.
S/o to the little bro he just got a Twitter. Follow him!
320am Trying to get back to sleep.
Tamara Mellon will remain the brand's chief creative officer and cleavage perfume model; CEO Joshua Schulman will stay on as well
Would just go to work dirty, but I just cutt da grass so im real dirty. Lmao not today
I wonder how difficult brunch on 14th street will be today. Or should I just walk back to Dupont? Or eff it and go to Cleveland Park?
LETS GO COYOTES
- success! (Texas style) cc/
Dropped off dog now 45 min to home then gyn for an hour
That's the one thing I don't know anything about, producing a track. Or finding a track to use without legal shit
I hope to jam with you soon :)
My beds calling gn true believers
how much do u love being in a jocab triangle choke hold?
You are watching our latest YOBISing finalists: Antwan Heard, Kate Turner, Mark Catron, and Marcus Schimmelfennig. Congrats all!
At the midwifery clinic
aww you guyzzzz we're blushing! Thanks for the love. Glad you're feeling it.
I need to be on tv I promise I'm more entertaining than the girl that 16 and pregnant.
It's time for some shock and awe
THE GRAMMIES ARE GOING TO BE AWESOME THIS YEAR!
who cares? lol ;)
Two we were thinking of ourselves! RT Loreena McKennitt and old Heart.
what did he say?
Meeting with Lac du Flambeau School Board this evening. Excited to educate native youth on importance of voting.
I have total trust in her
Meteorologically speaking, it's stupid nice out.
I got a girl in the castle and one in the pagoda, you know I got rhymes like Abe Vigoda
my first tweet of 2012. Nick is asleep on my arm.
Love is hard to understand
Thx for following
Good Morning..... Happy Thursday
I’m best friends with every gyro cart man in the city. MLINY
no classes tomorrow
lol what have you narrowed it down too?
Thanks for connecting with us
hope you feel better :)
Con’t – It’s not like you’re going to a record store like back in the day anymore Bon Jovi.
Preaching the B credo! Thanks RT: You have to be exceptional yourself. ;)
No exams today but I still had to come to campus for a meeting.
btw. I regard it as a huge compliment seeing as he is one of my musical heroes. so, thanks!
The Chik-fil-A at Jefferson Pointe has free chicken biscuits until 10:30 this morning.
all you doing in minn. Is hurting your fan base so go ahead don't pay and lose your team! Rich greedy ........
If a consumer is thinking it, you ought to be writing it.
July 28th! We hope to see you there!
I love you <33 Please follow. (: It would mean the world to me. <33
Attitude: Some people will test you, some will use you, and some will teach you; but most importantly some will bring out the best in you.
Somebodys paying somebody off to hurt basketball players. The carnage started with rose then noah now baron davis. Lmfao dead ass
The 2011 movie #Tyrannosaur is now on Netflix instant!! It's a MUST see!
hi i like neon green turkeys named liam
They just showed the clip.... that some bull... LOL! Kobe good but he ain't great!
will definitely keep you in mind.
The coffee is good and the treats, oh my. Sleep well.
Bought my film passes last week, hope I can still qualify for giveaways :)
Are u adrift at sea? Pearls of wisdom 4 help...RT : "If you know the harbor you are sailing to any wind will get you there ."
Just finished a homemade cheeseburger and french fries. M good.
you are still
tweet me hi!! I refuse to sleep til you do! :(
support local music!!!
a brand new day! Its starting to annoy me personally. RTP
Your just a old friend that I used to know, friends come & go. oh well life moves on!
when did u get out?
Diff perspective listening to Prez Obama live JobsAct speech when recently unemployed.
Isn't everything PETA says a joke?
My love can only be defined if its really you I love.
u know wat u look like the type of girl that can sing really good(:
I pray that everyone lean on God for everything. God is able.
I just don't understand why bitches come to class with clubs clothes! Wtf are you thinking?! You sit in class, you don't need HEELS!
RT : FREE MONDAY RENTAL. Use coupon code 89ZQJ3 during kiosk checkout. Expires at Midnight CST 03-30-09. Fwd to friends!
Hum... with nothing to do ;)
thanks for your recent purchases! How did you hear about us?
nope u should get me a flower for the dance for my wrist though
we're looking for people who are involved with #occupywall to be on our show in 1 hour.
Being back in party mode is absolutely exhausting.
Playing Skyrim on an HDTV for the first time. WTF was I doing before?
Okay, ignoring Twitter soon, lest I get jealous of all the riders. Happy transiting, LA!
was finally useful for something she helped TeamRaw win at Mania!
i've been a lovatic for a long time now . even when she went to rehab .. i was still here . i love her . she's my inspiration. <3
Rather annoying that saving as PDF from Word 2011 (Mac) loses hyperlinks in the resulting PDF.
20ft from the stage for Bruce Springsteen
Congratulations to The Artist for Best Picture at the #Oscars last night.
Happy mothers day to my amazing mom and auntie! thanks for putting up with me :)
how come you're not doing "t.g.i.f."? that song is a party.
RT : Tip to : Asking FB exec to opine on future of privacy is asking a wolf to opine on the future of sheep
“: #KateWinslet is such an amazing singer!!! Guys, you gotta buy "What If" by Kate on iTunes!! #Winslaprio <3”
I need a drink
hey BFF lmfao still remember me!!!!
Why the fuck don't you be as happy as you say you'll be if you win the lottery every goddamn day anyway. You're alive ain't cha, bitch!
Jesus Lakewood can I enter my apt without acquiring a beard of midges?
if I ask you nicely (like my sister did for your pik last night) will you follow me please? :D
never been wack
Clap Clap #Team Aries
at work
your argument goes to how can Romney twist himself to get to 48% approval...have you looked ar the electoral college?
Unselfish Boyle! Hey Artem!!! Woo
#AskBieber How do you deal with all the hate?
TIP: Without a real website, you lose your ability to create your identity.
how much did yours cost?
Fuck what people think
shut up
verdes mons the green mountain state
#ATX has 2 big shows this weekend....Did I hear something about ....where are the after parties gone be?
A great C-mas gift would be to fix up ur home....call us 305-232-3344
Ok ... Grizz Mascot just mad behind the ban half court shot. I believe.
awh hell yea
it was yesterday, but so much fun! Def worth a Sunday trip if you're around!
he's the fat nigga we gon kill? I'm down
#ff Oh, by my guesstimation there should be $7200 Not quite #StrongerThanDeath but a good chunk of change Mattsquatch.
"The simplest version works the best, and the first version is never the simplest." from my friends "It's not about ideas..."
the shoe place called something else and prob century 21 shopping
hahaha n just jet to italy
my sister said you go to her school lol
I say his name in mine! Lol or he says mine usually. We just joke
Off to the Dallas Magic Club meeting tonight.
It feels like life is taking over, it feels like it was meant to be
Enlisting some big retail guns...
lol I probably was. NOT THE POINT.
A moment of silence. Please.
Radelet: "It is about the accountability of the leaders to the people they are governing."
It is great to hear republican and democrat education reformers from all over the country say they want their states to be like Indiana.
Just booked my graduation present to myself... 7 day Caribbean Cruise for only $450.
Hi there! Be a pal and unlock my badge! Glad to see ya on Kupoz!
yay! thank you so much :D <333
We are pleased to sponsor today's lunch for #MSMECA12 attendees. Please visit us at Booth 64.
Finna try on my cheerleading uniform
I love comparing week one of P90X to week 9!!
I like your outfit
Just got another agent from MI
What a perfect night! Stars everywhere... :)
It's not what happens to you that determines how far you will go in life; it is how you handle what happens to you. -Zig Ziglar
:) Yea RT : I got the business version of a love letter from a client. My only national client.Today has been a VERY good day!!
Nice twitter username - very witty :)
#Outsourcing #LPO When we think beyond traditional solutions, the world opens up further.
Good grief, I'm actually feeling on top of things ... it's ... unnerving!
Just sent a bitchy email to prof. for having a blind person supervise us during the test; she knew nothing abt the test and told us to guess
Why do people still think there is any scenario where Prince returns to the #Brewers? Our payroll is maxed out, morons. Move on already!
< wut a long dick look like!
be ready we gonna go in
I'm finna pass it ova
So excited for baseball season this year!
ITS BEAUTIFUL IM IN TEARS. You are absolutely amazing and anyone who can't see that is fucking ridiculous.
Thank you for the RT!
It could help, or it could confuse me ever more than I already am right now.
naw not really
My Mother Always Loud -.-
Which should be drier than last year.
Yes. It's very good. Hope you like it, I am a definite fan!
Pumped for this 3 game series this weekend. #Cubs need to show up!
Happy Boxing Day everyone!
you're welcome! Have a good day!
OMG YES that shit works out your legs like a mofoooooo
Thanks for the follow, love the website and the Cool Beans story is wonderful!
lay-flat collar my ass. that michael jordan is really full of shit
why is twitter the only thing not blocked on the school computers?
YES!!! Missed Betty!
awww,, guess I should finish my homework now..=(
Great time at Taste of The South tonight!
Computers have been down at work for the last two hours. Yay
Most of the ladies and gentlemen who mourn the passing of the nation's leaders wouldn't know a leader if they saw one
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe to never underestimate your peers, because even the most unexpected talents can prove to be valuable.
lighting film techniques
wind-chills will be below zero but that won't stop us. Going door to door tonight!
Finally getting the full story on Sen Glen Grothman canvassing a #WeRWisconsin staging office. Good ground game there.
i would like your account because i love you profile pic and i'm a huge #arinator :D<U+2665> i'm obbsessed with all things Ari.G!!
yeah tx you?
Thanks for the heads up Congrats , see you soon! Good call .
Blame the whole world but never yourself. This time, I really blame myself for all the downs in my life atm
very excited to see you two in Atlanta!!
I have been well. Just working and training for my first 5K. How have you been?
How many advertising agencies does it take to screw in a light bulb? Oh well that all depends… what’s your budget?
Eileen Brady is a former Vice President of the nonprofit, EcoTrust, would help give nonprofits more leadership, restructure city leadership
Bonus time!! 75 POINTS for the sorority w/the most pics tweeted of their Pinkberry. Must include Only count one pic per user.
regarding making improvements...? That tells me you are thinking way too much. Proof read and publish...Please...
Im super excited about that. they planned it perfectly. dropped it on 4/20 lol..
I thought the paper/board/card games might have less technical intimidation for me.
hahaha. That is the best thing I've heard all day haha
I still want Molly Ringwald's outfit.
i have no will power when it comes to food and studying :P
Have you or do you know anyone who has recently moved out of state? What sites did they use to scout areas/homes??
Shut up, QPR got a red?! Oh boy.
TJ what you been up to since our days in #niusportmanagement? hope all is well!
Life is WAY to short to worry about those who have hurt you. Be strong, move on and that will show them that they don't matter anymore. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
couldn't get on your iPhone network. Why?
yes I would
8th seed first round KO, we've seen this movie before sir. Definition of insanity....
This may be obvious BUT I love libraries. Ah! So much.
Excited to learn some new things in Vegas!!!
I would love to sleep right now. x
I am sitting here with all my homework but keep getting distracted by dancing, food, socks, food, and pandora. Oh Lordy someone help me!
RT BACK II SCHOOL BLOW OUT SPECIAL!!! GET UR WEBSITE DESIGNED & BUILT 4 ONLY $125.00 HIT US UP NOW FOR MORE INFO!
"Practice what you retweet."
It's so much fun...and I'm not just saying that cuz I work there! : I haven't been to in ages. Must fix that this year.
Remember #God s plan will never fail. Only put your #trust in Him.
I wanna go out right now.
Great game ! Thx for saying hi b4 getting on the bus! Maybe next time and I'll be lucky enough to score your auto!
Holiday weather see some changes: today/tomorrow, sunny, 70-74 coastal, 80-86 valleys & mts, 110 deserts. Sun/Mon: muggy and hotter - aloha
Good way to approach it. RT : Do strategic networking. Ask "who should I know" then reach out to those people.
i dont got an id.. call idris alba or somebody for me
My first book, god-chaser, is getting published. happy happy joy joy
Had a fun session today at Loveshack with Chris Rowe!
": Do you think Sweet Tree and Debris can take down a 50 footer?" This is our bread & butter
": I can't talk or tweet until I eat!!"«--- Except this tweet. :-D
just a corporate office. No equipment. Closest place is in anaheim right next to disneyland and angel stadium
VT Technology Announces Preview of Management Utilities for Hyper-V
I don't know either :p
New discovery.. Frozen coconut water is delicious
went to Greeny's Dad's bookstore in NYC yesterday. Cool find of a cool place.
i still gotta think bout it too, it's a little pricey.
Dr. Marple "we are committed to giving school systems more flexibility" This should include charters.
The girls that leave you speechless!!!!! And the girls that make you say Damn!!!!!!!
Finalizing artwork for our next shirt. What'll that shirt be, you ask? That'll be up to you.
LMFAO": yeah you would know about Lady Gaga's music and voguing. Heard you about that life now..."
Really? I opened up the store and it was on the first page, it said, "Stream Jack White's new album Blunderbuss for free!"
Different kinda ballers wear different kind of shoes
For a second, I thought that said "ham-reduction".
RT : Let's see if we can help you grow your fans...post your business with @ and the name . Join in... fb.me/G0Gbz9EO
but don't you pride yourself on being a slut? And try and brag all over twitter about giving guys head. And being sore
To all the new #NFL rookies, unless you're a 1st or 2nd rounder, making the roster is not guaranteed. Take nothing for granted.
I completely agree that teachers need to be readers. They also need to be writers, mathematicians, etc.
Eating a pita with tzatziki sauce just outside Jerusalem. Am I in the Florida or the Middle East?
Still working on Austerlitz, W.G. Sebald; also The Tell-Tale Brain by V.S. Ramachandran
Would like to welcome my new recruit, Haygood to the Scentsy family! We are so thrilled to have you on board!
Thanks! Its feels good to be in the community every single day!
New York City x2019;s Tutoring Industry Grows With Competition for Admissions Parents in New York City are paying hundreds and even thous
I'll follow if you follow. Don't be shy
Universal design may seem expensive at first, but it can save a lot future costs, grief, and serves a social need, too.
Calling him Jabba is a compliment.
ok I c thinking about it huh?
I know...I'm going to try w/ my phone.
gibson keeps making terrible managing choices -- would you really rather face hart?
Come visit LA. It's sunnier here :)
Yay getting a hamster :)
I have been to 2 Memorial Services in 24 hours. Makes ya think about life.
Potter time
Hey guys how has everyone been!! We have been working really hard and writing, our shirt design is almost done and will be posted soon!
We are deeply saddened by the tragic loss of Michael Ice,'11. Gathering held today at 5 p.m. at Jepson Faculty Lounge, led by Rev. Kocher.
Mofos think they can say sorry & do the same dumb shit over & over again.
FOX9 reporters covering many local angles related to Japan's earthquake and tsunami. Watch Fox @ 5, 9 and 10.
Bored as can be hit up the phone 941-405-6668 Cant wait 4 tomorrow goin 2 see my mom for like the first time in 2 weeks man do i miss her
100 dollar bill for my autograph!!
Daily Dose of Goodness: the average American consumes 4,500 calories on Thanksgiving day. Better get started early!
I can't even imagine what people did at red lights before cellphones.
ready for #AmericanReunion tomorrow night after a weekend of refreshing my memory with the series (minus the DTV sequels, of course)
Just finished doing art work for
What channel is the game on?
have you had a chance to review 's "Listen Up!" yet? Opinions?
“: i miss catchin oops and handin out posters”. Those are called dreams!!! Lol
Have been pondering the cause of the zombie infection in #thewalkingdead Bacterial? Viral? Maybe plaques in the brain like alzheimers?
09-10 season: 62nd in the league in TRB% among players who played 20+ minutes.
So agree! RT : got her belly pierced & I still haven't got mine.... <U+E408><U+E421>
Give them the full Monte #Monteball for heisman
Why cant everybody smoke like me. Give me a quiet place lemme roll my weed
I buy Davidson's loose leaf tea in bulk (organic Oothu Green) on Amazon. There is a place on Jeff/Covington in Times Corners...
I'm enjoying your lively tweets! Glad to follow you on Twitter
Newt Gingrich may be running for president, but I will NOT vote for him. As a member of congress, he has been a BIG part of the problem....
Huntsman: "I always put my country first."
Just cataloged a cantata titled "Rejoice! The passing year is ended" a sign? I think so!
We are! MT Everyone's wearing jackets & talking about how it's cold. I'm wearing a thin shirt & LOVING it! PEMCO would be proud.
The #Brewers are in town today and tomorrow and sadly I can't see them. Go Brew Crew!
#Retweet if you #WORKOUT on a regular basis
...I did not watch it yesterday...
Conditioning is power, it can help u call in desire, craving, & repulsion to bring u what u want.
You were so much fun on Wendy today!!!! :)
And get the earth shaking with Don Braden, Mark Rapp, the Clayton Brothers and the Clayton-Hamilton Jazz Orchestra www.gailboyd.com
"There are 3 raccoons in that shed, I'll give you $100 to go in there." while talking about phobias.
Our thoughts and prayers go to Junior Seau's family
And for the love of sanity wash BEFORE using restroom.
This homeless got just flicked a booger on me...... I'm being nice.
no! you can't be mad at them for not running - maybe you should apologize for even making them wonder if they should run
Idc if Chris smokes....*shrugs*
Women we love, who love sex: , , , else loves sex?!
Thinking about my Jacob. I miss him a lot tonight.
Living Young And Wild And Free :P
#bizforum Enabling collaboration within org & tap into expertise, knowledge & innovation oozing from your employees
First it was Steve Jobs, now it's Carol Shelby !? Why god, why !?!
#HappyStPatricksDay in #Chicago drinking green beer with Paul
We don't remember the days. We remember the moments. ?
Keep $30 mil for #literacy and school #libraries in this year's federal funding!
Getting some rest for the weekend. We have a packed football game schedule!
There will be a moment of silence to commemorate the 9/11 anniversary at the next Super Shopper event on Sunday 9/11. We will never forget.
Peeps on peeps on peeps!
Thanks for RT Katie:)
Poor Pyrenees dog hates 90% of the WP7 ringtones, Boz should be sleeping not growling
waiting, waiting, waiting......
same thang.... woke up n neva fell back asleep
It's my primary fan base. They just get so bizarre and creative.
good thing I went to the grocery store, because you aren't here to feed me.
How rusty you get when you don't play Xbox for a while<<<<
Hair extensions. Contact lens. Padded bras. Girdles. High heels. Orgasms. Woman: The greatest show on Earth.
On the Road and Naked Lunch or if older Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance...
I just make shit up. What are we playing?
Busy is an understatement. Not enough hours in the day.
Well done, #Grizzlies! Memphis is a proud city tonight, downtown's hoppin'. See you all at the after party!
As much as I love this weather, it needs to stop. I would like for my apt to not be almost 80 degrees in march
It better be a nice day today. #SummerClothes x
no one should be surprised at 's pulitzer lie. everything he writes is complete bullshit.
Always thought feeling alright by joe cocker should have a video with the gang from the peanuts comic strip.
I see you had a good time at Gallery of Carpet. Pretty cool studio eh?
both All Hands On Deck & Here's To You,Girl are slowly becoming some of my favorite songs yup
get "hair" done:)
looks like you went to AU, so welcome back to #DC (soon)
Filmed here in Atlanta: Fox changes the name of the new Ben Stiller comedy from "Neighborhood Watch" to simply "The Watch."
I'm lonely and board right now, I kinda feel like going back to class but I don't know :/
ha! Those must be my only two options.
Your photos are beautiful, I'd love to see you photographed with one of our great pipes or bowls
I kept calling the character Petyr Baelish from Carcetti from the Wire, another awesome HBO show. I <3 !
Do it dude, Im almost home! 8 days!!!
Awww Your Puppy Is Adorable
i will most definitely let you know.
Seriously, if my dentist knew some of the shitty apps that vendors offer she'd know where my teeth grinding comes from.
ill come to a preds game and watch u and ur girls do ur thang if u and ur girls come watch at mercylounge 8/19:)
3 different magazines 3 different kardashian girls on the cover. Life is good
Great comparison. Both were beatable, but not when they bring their A game. UK brought it tonight.
Im a karma cameleon.
": Love is when you find someone better, yet you stay with the same person you promised forever with."
I don't tweet anymore :/ that needs to change
Thanks a heap coyote ugly this cactus gram stings more than your abandonment...
& ill be your love song & ill love you right off your feet, until you fall into me <3
Missed the beginning of the Tim Wakefield tribute. That's ok, I guess. It means I'll cry at my desk less.
black annoying people
Not as tired as I thought id be for work.
Red tea (rooibos) can act as an anti-spasmodic agent and aids the relief of stomach cramps, even colic in babies.
Going back to my old skewl next year and shit is gonna go DOWN. But my brother is gonna be there so...
fuck it, if he's gonna mess with my heart, then he doesn't deserve it.
Just finished my mini workout on Dance Central that damn Kinect. Loving it...
Sorry for the technical, and personal craziness...the rest of the show is going to be HOT!!!
I think you should def come thru..so see you, and the rest there!
why is it that always having a love song like its ok i know you need someone in ya life but damn this is rediculous
Tim Urban sux. Lacey Brown has talent. fuck that.
Have you eaten lunch yet? Let me know if you want to meet up.
nigga its just the simple fact... His wife ain't do him dirty by leavin n taking his money
i hate waking up late-_-
Great movie.
In between meetings, Twittering at New York public library. So good to see culture on such a grand scale.
My eyes are two different colors o.o
There's a concert this Friday that will feature her tunes and several tweeps. Like
No Hugs #Twugs is better lol
im excited to see where i end up on there =P
don't break your hand patting yourself on the back.
you gone learn today !
most. favorite. books. ever.
Beauty, whether moral or natural, is felt, more properly than perceived. ~ David Hume
I'd love to. How long are you here for?
YESS!!! just. its the way of life my friend
That's okay. I was going to root for the #Flyers anyways.
LOL. Oh, you poor girl. Stretching in awkward positions for nothing.
yeah i'm like so mean!!!!!!GRRRRRR!!!!
Officially going to the #TEDx USC event in May. Can't wait.
Some of my husbands are straight men.
Working on our new Website. It's taking a little longer than expected but coming along really well. It will do great on local search!
Happy Mother's Day
Bailout? what is up these days! say one thing and do another?
Thanks, Uncommon Grounds, for playing 90's top 40 adult alt rock.
Hmm, Aiden with a man bag? Well, tell him it's only a few months away. Presley is extremely cute.
why you no text me anymore :[
Game vs Meridian tomorrow! Women at 6 pm and men at 8 pm!! Everybody please come out and support us!! It's the only game in town tomorrow $5
what are you wearing today?
" Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit. "
What? Sorry
Thanks for all the RT's
Great speakers! #CFConf Thanks! I enjoyed all the sessions.
While yall worried bout ya follow'as, you need to get your dollars up.
yeah but im too lazy to check it! i feel like i havnt seen u in forever, but its only been 2 days......
Two (under two) additions to the household here put work/life balance in a whole new perspective. Good god I am tired
The day I stop giving is the day I stop receiving. The day I stop learning is the day I stop growing.
Former Maine governor seeks Snowe
We're over 1 million fireworks shot off in the 2012 New Years Coutdown App!!!!!
Me and my friends really wan to wish me a happy 10th birthday To Bella!Haha same name!Luv u bella!
Charming .. Handsome.. Intelligence.. lol
Today's tip: Always use full range of motion. Your muscles should bear the weight workload, not your joints.
Scanner Monitor: I-225 at Colfax off ramp lights malfunctioning.
bankable star these days. in the end it would be better if he came out instead of having all these stories spread
Totally, though (like a lot of DJ shadow), a lot of it is beyond hip hop. I should just rename playlists "Awesome #1", #2, etc
If someone is pressuring you to buy his/her service "to help you," who are they really helping?
Yes! I wasn't sure I was going to be able to go, and am so glad I did. Loved the dances. Loved the photos. Loved it all :D
Sunday would work great for me. How about you, ? Understandable if you can't.
When your biography's funny, you're automatically cool enough to follow.
what no dinner?
i see.. well then if fans can come up with accurate figures, fan associations should release them to media.We will publish.
Have I told you lately that I love you?
While waiting for my last class to take their exam, I am reduced to tidying my office.
(still walking on the left & mispronouncing things)
Tune into tomorrow AM to get creative BULK cocktail ideas from smoking hot bartender, Gabe!
“: God defines marriage... and God will never "evolve" on His position.” If you create something, you own rights to it.
“: Being overly addicted to saying "Help me, I'm poor" , all thanks to Bridesmaids.”
by the time you get here it'll be ready!
why is my girl so beautiful?
chiilin goin to ball up today
#47 on the inner city 100!
Props to my lil cuzn Jayce Lewis after being named head coach at his alma mater, AWTY International School.
#coffeehouse someone just got asked. To prom!!!
We woman rules...
imm not even mad
Happy New Years everyone! To 2011, I bid u kick to the curb! Bring on a better, kick ass year for me please!
wear a helmet
Parents be on that trip shit x10
have you booked a Chicago summer trip yet?
Fanny pack?
#vaumc11 Great to see Michelle Lindsey working the potter's wheel during this morning's message.
Three of the most important words you can learn is: Life goes on...
never mind it works now….the file had quotation marks on it…i had to delete the marks…now it works
please tell us it's motogp ? :) u are the best buddy!!! Get well soon :)
Difficult Bitch to deal with; don't have time for simple shit
It’s right up there with a simple sheet used for a ghost
Tips On Diy Home Improvement
Just got home
Texas is easy living, especially in the DFW area.Dallas Fort Worth Metropolitan area.Very hot summers though,but mild winters.
epic movie
WTH ? is carrying 's title belts on the way to the ring ! And 's Triple-H is with Money too !
Go with the Ravens since they were the Browns... A new and improved version so to speak.
YourSocialMedia.com is a great resource for businesses wanting to utilize social media.
Your google search and display questions answered on the panel at the #LIDigital, join us!
im okay:) you?
And safe travels back to Bucks County, PA -- that's my neck of the woods, too!
your welcome! :-)
When people are fricking rude! Dude your just making yourself look bad!
TRU DAT RT : Virgo #ZodiacPeople - The Virgo man will seek perfection in almost everything.
Me: Because the Kings' twitter is infinitely greater than the Blues. And we hate them. The Blues that is. But You can cheer for them.
Above all else. Don't forget to smile. It either warms there hearts or pisses them off. You win no matter what.
good evening
can u give me a shot out
Dead Like Me, the movie! John got it from B-Buster. Reviews to follow.
hey soul sister :>
Dont you worry about me.
Watching The Human Centipede on #Netflix. Anyone see this #film? Oh my...
Sweet! Going anywhere on vacation?
Oh! I LIKE that! In that case, Owwwwwoooo to you two, too!
Yes you will RT : So.... I think and myself will be on stickam tonight!"
Let's go CP3! Show em' how a true point guard finishes a game!
Why it gotta be all depressing out side
your welcome as always!
The makers of THE CABIN IN THE WOODS will be happy to learn that their film receives the Dr. Jahnke Seal of Approval.
#ChasingTheSunDay woo:D I'm so excited and I just cant hide it:D<3
FireSign customers, don't forget to check your schedules for the extended holiday weekend.
Ancient American Indian Proverb: Treat the earth well: it was not given to you by your parents, it was loaned to you by your children.
Thanks to you for listening!!! Keep up the great job!! :D
Any #NOLA ladies have gently worn semi-formal dresses/accessories to donate to an org that provides prom necessities to high school girls?
easter bunny takes a breather- bought plastic easter eggs, water guns, bubbles, princess costumes, transformers, jelly beans, & starbursts
ha. good point! I'll contact Justin and see what he thinks.
I think I'm the only one up right now!
Much swag ahaha
Lol, loving the music!
Thanks for following, Savannah!
I haven't bombed anything but photos lately. I'm still in NY with my family. I leave in 9 days! Then, watch out world.
Can't wait for my second gala!
Ops! Just noticed but I need to set the date/time on my camera! Oh well...
Our stemless wine glasses arrived for the Art of Beer today. They are truely awesome. We can't wait to pour beer in them for everyone.
Flying out of Las Vegas, I enjoyed the distinct pleasure of getting loved on / being surveilled by the body scan. #Foucault my life.
Is the 'luck of the Irish' with you? We think it is with the new HARP program. We can refinance most people no matter LTV Monday 3-19!
“: : There have been about 514 Leap Years since Caesar created it in 45BC. W/O Leap Year, today would be July 28, 2013.”
will be running Birel kart w/ Rotax motor with the SRA Karting International team in Orlando this weekend.
: Here's the most ethical way to make money: Talk to the advertisers. Make sure they are in sync with your mission.
love that you're channeling your inner "Bunk" on Twitter. Best HBO series ever.
#ifitwasuptome id skip workin again and go to gtown n light one on the beach...
Slick didnt want to let his ass go
don't work
In two more fridays... the Florida coast! Yes, I'll be stealing a bit of summer early!
Good nite WarLord!
Hi Jordan!
me and are #teamnopork#
Thanks so much for a wonderful day & evening.
Yesterday afternoon with the dedicated teachers at the Sabot School at Stony Point--you guys rock!
sent it did u get it?
that 20 year world series drought has been rough.
what kind of toothpaste is it? Lolol
happy May Day!
Art Blakey on "Airegin," with Grant Green (1980 Blue Note). An incredibly sweet, peppy, beat sitting on a backbone of killer time. Oh Yes!
what song are you going to do?
< routines, but let the grief run its course, otherwise if you force yourself to snap out of it, it may sneak up on you later.
yes sir , I'm just feeling sick
I miss you more than anything.
I'll say it again, makes me so excited for the next 2yrs of #badger ball. Now that I'm back in 'sconi perhaps I'll see him live
We heard that if you 'like' us on facebook, you'll have hipster credit on us before anybody else. facebook.com/DrawOneCard :)
": Make the workmanship surpass the materials. ~Ovid #quotes" (speaks to ingenuity...nice)
Story idea: Feature on the yellow-crested night herons over Jones Falls. Birdwatchers stop on bridge over 83 into Druid Hill.
best part was when my wife called my son's date by the name of his ex-gf.
Very proud #mets fan. Did I just say that?
I think I need a detox from the Golden Girls.
Best part of dead montage: being the one after the biggest ovation yet no one knows you.
thank you(: and will do<3
Why I walk funny: 10% I am injured. 90% I am trying to unstick my balls from my leg.
tell tom to follow me plaese
Why the unfollow? You cutting ties to a Rochester pal? Ouch!
"Until thought is linked with purpose, there is no intelligent accomplishment."
i will when i make it
Sorry to dissapoint but I was NOT killed in a car accident as some ass keeps posting on the web
my ride can be glad I didn't punch him in the nose. I was too tired when I got home.
good luck with finals and may the curve be ever in your favor.
Saw #InTheMouthOfMadness last night, best experience @ the movies since 'The Exorcist' special edition. Thx for the invite!
Ask your local bartender for an Arrogant Bastard Ale, it's fitting for those who have a case of the Mondays!
Looked pretty spiffy in my uniform tonight
Follow and support us?
#BroughtonMemories when me, , , and tony use to rap in Spanish Class.. lmao
Thanks for the follow. Happy to connect with you.
#art and #design are my therapy! Just left the Georgia Aquarium! Highly recommend it.
thanks! :) will do.
Renny rolled in something dead this morning on the run. Dog bath before work. Great!
Smoke on the 3rd floor!
Fuck. Full now
If I wanted to run the whole time at practice I would of joined track!
Who's coming to #AWP12?
He'll get his.As we say in #NOLA:Catchback's a bitch.
I have accidentally become obsessed with Lab Rats, a new Disney show. It's mostly Spencer Boldman though.
IHOP's so busy. I love it.
PSU President/ Joe Patero Out! Board of Trustees just announced
is this the place u got with ur ex.
Lunch date with the madre <3
I'm so excited!!! :D I hope I'm one of the first 400!!!!
I wish I were still asleep.
Yeah! RT : Congratulations to the #FutureMusicMoguls class 2012. You guys rocked your presentations and remixes!
Somebody tweet me :-)
getting a follow/reply/DM from you is like getting one from = NEVER going to happen & it's IMPOSSIBLE
Happy Presidents Day! The weather is gorgeous... a perfect day to get out and find your new favorite book. We're here until 8pm!
Hey, There's a lady at the BA Farmers Market with a Nathan's hot dog cart. Are you related?
where are the photos at?
I really need to stop talking/singing to myself in public.
Stomp The Yard =)
Doesn't matter had sex!
Pencils? You really have a thing for earthy feeling stuff
Lmao we're learning scoop quit hating <U+270B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Hey how are you doing?
It's snowing! Is anyone else working today? Downtown is such a ghost town right now.
let him rest! We played like shit and lost by 3... We can still handle business
The happiest life is that which constantly exercises and educates what is best in us.Hamerton
S/O to my new followers
I was eyeballing that place the other day! YUM!
TY for the RT Miriam! Hope you are doing well . I've got to get to your blog today and see what you are up to...
was it you?
Learn how to have a family reunion soon @ www.myfreegenealogy.com
shawty mane is justin bieber, u know
another terrible #SuperBowl halftime show And whats worse is that I called Rocky Rococco's 2 hrs ago & pizza still hasn't left for delivery
What happens if no one comes forward? How long does a person have to claim the prize? I realize I could Google this. :)
Holding the lip of the bottle, gently tap the score line and it should break evenly. There is no 100% way to do this with a water saw
Heck yeah! is a great writer and shared a gripping piece with us. He has a few pieces in some other mags too!
Art is an invention of aesthetics, which in turn is an invention of philosophers
Arian Foster! That was my first pick.
its just wonderful I'm getting one for my kids lol not
Straight like that, straight like that
Sometimes I hide how I really feel... I think its the best for me in this situation...
Thank you Susan!
very trur and good point. Smart and beautiful u are.
you beat to the punch saw you on FB
Be careful who you show that lil fist to, small fry.
Do you think the Central will come down to the Reds and Brewers?
Really? 100 Greatest Songs of the 00s already? Cool, vh1.
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there !
Old ass! RT : Why am I sleepy.... Fuk wrong with me...
i have such awesome friends
Thanx! hm... I'm gonna have to say the "games we play" music video, cause it has a bunch of cool shots of the city of
I've been great how about you Jesse ? (:
He might be! RT Any chance is at the Bulls game tonight?
hi Ryan .. Please follow me backk
Full support to ya! Glad to see techs in this world educating people of online threats today... Look forward to your tweets!
You must have seen my feed after that dagger three haha. Such a huge W. And now looks like no Josh Smith... Tables have turned.
wtf???!!!! Why would u tell me what happens?
lol Your Great ha
Follow Back Bro
“: you mad bro? You shouldn't speak to your role model like that” paul STFU
"Good God Almighty...Good God Almighty that killed him!!!! As God as my witness, he is broken in half!!!" - 1998 Vintage WWF
I've been getting a TON of twitter spam... what did I do wrong?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> damn killer! Chill wit all that! Everything is ok!
I need u to mix that song as best as possible
You replace it with socialism, and then communism. It's a process, a progress and won't happen overnight.
.RT : Kindness never goes out of style.
Yay #pla12!!! So excited to b here!
Is #sobored I #hate #not #having #anyfriends and #being single this
Not really sure how my 4square got linked to twitter. Stoping that now.
are you coming to see the show tonight if you're in town!?
I'd rather go blind than be misunderstood.
The conversation I just had with >
#confessions I'm insecure about myself.
well, surely out of the four of us, one of us will hit a good shot each time! It will be a blast, looking forward to it.
can you handle it junior?
Assuming you read that in City Paper, thanks! If you didn't... D'oh!
Not sure who runs this twitter account but if you see Jeff Ireland/Stephen Ross tell them I said they r fuckin morons. Thanks
“: If were I'd be obsessed with my eyebrows.” hahahaha! That's the funniest tweet I've seen in a long time. ;D
Beltre is playing tonight!
I love that i can pretty much write anything on twitter.. people will read it....and life will continue on... The power of not being famous.
I'm feelin Chick Fil A for lunch
you're driving the go-kart now?! love that little beast.
i would totally gay marry myself if I could.
Headed to Mermaid Cafe for Southern Dinner - fried chicken, mac-n-cheese, biscuits, asparagus salad. sweet tea & pecan pie
Ever considered a trading card vs. a business card?
Over 8500 ppl in Phlly this week for PLA
February 18th Baby!! Can't wait...I have an idea but it's a secret so follow me and I'll dm it to you. #PrettyPlease :)
The new version of the Nook after Microsoft investment will give you an e-ink of dead of you read too fast ;)
Doors open at 6:30 and the tickets are $10 at the door! :D
Do you come to my home and give a free estimate? Need sod removal and replacement. Glad to see you are a believer too.
Painted the set most of the day. Coming together. Got some wild color going. 8 days til shooting.
Isn't it funny ladies when you know something and you call it before it happens? smh
Happy Labor Day!
ah ! I need to go shopping!!
Happy birthday Nicole!
keep me posted! Love to do a news story on your work.
Or that extra day?? RT : Hello Monday. Anyone wish they had that extra hour? :-)
signed it!
Crys keeps fwd thing to me. It's scary. It's from friends & some of them started with this conve
Just 23 days till we depart for Manchester, TN. Getting super stoked for !
it you're going to read or write outside, wear sunscreen!! don't forget your face or the backs of your hands, trust me, sunburns hurt
Morning tweeps, I started counting my blessings and I counted so high I lost count, I love it when that happens! TYG
Man If Only McDonald's Could Deliver....-
this position is very important and I will pay you a referral fee from my own bank. thank you.
Checking out the book The Eighties at Echo Beach. Two things come to mind.... We miss the summer and the #80's were
#chill out.. #chill will trend
We're open tomorrow & happy to cater 2 you and your office! RT : That's outstanding. Yes, I believe it would.
Snow is marvelous...!
awe I see. Well i'm saving these pix just incase :D lol
I only play Words With Friends! I don't mind the game request by wow almost 50 request for games? I feel loved lol
hahahahahahaha...Sid probably has a Stanley Cup bong that no one knows about..lololol..
Tasty! Chef Tom Ryan reveals recipe for his San Diego Smashburger on SD Home Garden's eclub blog www.sdhg.us
don't know what it is about her music. but it calms me. i like that.
Listening to a a few social media webinars. Many I know, but always good to stay in the game...
Today, coffee is one of the most well-known beverages worldwide.
Great FB page lots of info. Thanks for putting it together. ^dy
hahaha no need to explain. Already know your intentions. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
! RT : That highway killer is crazy as hell!
I'm just being realistic. Chances are highly unlikely. And why put it out in public to be criticized by the masses? Bad PR.
thats exactly what I'm saying
Don't inspire to have more, inspire to be MORE!!!!
RUMOR BUSTER TIME (verified by an attorney 2 days ago): WASHINGTON STATE HAS NO TIME LIMIT CAP ON MEDICAL MARIJUANA AUTHORIZATIONS.
Awaiting depature from gate D6, CLT2BOS, then will await deplaning, then will await the cab, and upon home will not have to await a hug.
haven't been either. New tattoo? Where and what?
that recipe sure didn't disappoint! wow! everyone try chicken or steak with balsamic bbq sauce!!
Openers done and the stadium lights back on. Just realized I'm sitting neyt to a dude wearing chain mail.
Cover CBs, like Smith=improved pass rush+ option of more aggressive Def play calls.
yes defo!! well you gusy are welcome in my new house, i havnt seen it it yet but the boys have been decorating everything b&w!!!
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Stay thirst my friends.
Making movies this video is Gona be stupid
Qualifying game for Johnny's Penguins vs Fighting Saints...YOU GOT THIS! #HockeyTime w/
thank you for the follow
I don’t tell her how fervently I hope that our car will not be one of the ones pulled over to be checked.
yeah not many people like country music anymore. That's all I listen to, and want to listen to.
and you too :3
I feel sorry for the bitches/hoes who never get "treated" to anything or anywhere
wack lol u don't need any beauty sleep! Good nite
i just miss you , thats all .
hate you guys...
I am learning too, I have a new Canon T2i, try online classes with
I still can't get used to commentators using Ron Artest's new name: "World Peace"
GRRRR .BLAST PETER OUT OF WORLD. AND NEVER COME BACK
hrm - can you share the link to your dataset?
Switch failure? 8-10 minute train delay.
Came back from shopping<33 I found my future heels(: &my wardrobe is F U L L can't wait to go to the mall tomorrow<33.... Again
The "congrats" were/are authentic.
Congrats to for winning the Green Jacket. 2012 #Masters Champion.
Flamming saddles=country gays. Industry =poppy gays. Ritz=frat boy gays.
well i didnt really have a morning,i woke up at 12:30 haha but i just dyed my hair reddish-brown, how was your morning?
how are you diff / similar / beyond whit.li please? thx
Just tried waxing my own face for the 1st time. Sorry self it will not happen again
lol informing about how reminds me of & their name/song samples
I miss you and I never got to see you while I was in AZ
we're terrible children.
no video but last night, Silver Dollar, many chuckles due to seersucker suited men waving at every black car that drove by.
Shut the front door!! ahh!!!... yay! #excited what song?... I u can tell...
Starting New things is good, even necessary, but it is often a procrastination tactic used to keep you from doing what you need to do.
Or in boxers. With his big meat poking out of the opening.
- is testing ground? Wife won't be happy to hear this. Note to self: Treadmill!
Thanks for the RT!
I think you should make the video of 11:11 ;) what do you think?
GaTech will play Air Force in Shreveport, LA on 12/27. Don't worry fans, Shreveport has the R.S. Barnwell Memorial Garden & Art Center!
I hate it when I don't forward a chain message and then I die the next day.
Jay Call Mee!
Yay! I'm so happy I could make your day! I miss you!
Caitlin Beadles is such a great inspiration <3
I prefer cranberries as well. RT : Let's just forget raisins ever existed. Dried cranberries from now on, si?
Items To Think about For Your Office Supplies Sutton Coldfield
Had a wonderful (Mega Camp-ish) Short Sale Mastermind Session today at Keller Williams Realty Atlanta Classic. Great questions and answers!
Congratulations! Have fun!
Oosthuizen claims Malaysian Open South Africa's Louis Oosthuizen produced the perfect response to his play-off defeat at the Masters last
I teach library instruction sessions almost every day. I've been taking grad courses in museum studies, but not this term. Why?
customer service is lousy even with premier executive status. Pilot doesn't show up flight delayed indefinitely. No action taken.
Watchin some movie
Excited to see the kid brother hoopin in this tournament today.
hey dude! Hope you made it home safely. It was nice to meet you again. Unitl next time! :)
Your the BEST & Welcome!! :)
Renting Prosperity - Wall Street Journal
I think I'm hungry, but I'm not sure
Yo its #FollowFriday You Show Us Sum Luv We'll Return The Favor
The seahorse disappeared into the imaginary wave
I absolutely love it
Handler with boots!
shut up
In the greatest #challenges don’t be dispirited; continue & know you are meant for #greatness. SeanLetwat
it only sucks that He is my Priority right now, and i am just an Oprion..
At least you don't have to cleanse me since I left! :)
If you got etes look @ me now:) bitch
Doing picklebacks @ wicked wolf is NOT the same without
ThMorUKno: Revelation’s author intended for it to be heard. It may have been written as a performance piece.
OSM Rules! Check out the new figures at booth 3544 at SDCC!! The exclusive figures came out amazing. www.theouterspacemen.com
you should follow first, but then
Very sad news about The Killers. :(
He is the victim. Joke all u want. But those 3 tweets may have saved him MILLIONS
Happy Friday Fashion 5.0 followers! RT if you saw The #hungergames and loved it!
"For each petal on the shamrock, this brings a wish your way. Good health, good luck, and happiness, today and every day."
Ouch ": All Missouri golf courses are now only 14 holes...they never play the Final Four anyway."
Over 1300 followers.... Thank you so much means a lot to me cause show that I'm doing something right :-) thank u my Lord for this talent
At the mall with my baby <3
awkward. Love that word. Looks like its definition.
up early trying to get this promotion ...on the train into the city
Can FOX 12 Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts call the race right after the polls end at 8pm? Find out on KPDX Ch 13!
If you mean new to Twitter then yes....very. Got any advice?
Amazing how far WWE has dropped since WM. Couldn't be bothered to watch tonight. Listened to gaming podcasts instead.
We should have known FCPX was going to be bad once we saw Quicktime X.
Thanks for the follow.
You're just a copy cat, that's why.
Media never leaves Cruz alone about his contract.Geez,poor guy.Is it hard to believe someone can be humble?He's a classy guy
Moroney: Dallas Morning News is seeking out all local university subject matter experts as extra-staff expertise to call on.
Here it is: the last bone-chilling scream
$640 million. Of course I bought a mega million ticket. Or 10
“: Going thru a phase where I want to stay on the Strip and party every night . . . " don't get sucked in!!!!!!!
#NW the cross-fit games 2012
Not to mention great authors who come in to read for us!
you know I thought the same thing about Wondering if the difference from Wunderlist is going to be worth transition
Watching son's soccer game under sunny sky and 70. Remembering all those miserable northern January's and so glad they're in my past.
Rt : What ultimately doomed the Neanderthals was their lack of a social media strategy.
your amazing !
ooh okay cool (:
opening video was amazing!
Gotta hand it to feta cheese on a pepperoni pizza is fucking tasty!
I love Kid Cudi
We're going to be in the South Bay tomorrow actually. We'll let you know next time we're going to NoHo!
Esau was pathetic, wasn't he? A born loser. Read more on HUMANLY SPEAKING, Conversations With God, New Releases Page at www.lindaswift.net
Well... there's that then. :-P
Hey, that crescent moon sure is pretty tonight. Look at the western sky..
Friends got accepted!!!
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)26
Great interview today with Urban Gospel Sounds' Stay tuned for air dates!
applied for a job 2day. really hoping i get that one. it sounds like such a fun place 2 work. and they let dogs hang out
OH NO you did not!!!!! I'm telling!!
I enjoyed watching the Tennessee Volunteers play their Orange and White game. A little bit of encouragement that have improved some
My Twit account has hit the 2000 limit so Twit is limiting my ability to follow back for now. Please be patient and I will follow back ASAP!
That's hilarious. Considering it's been a few years since either that address or contact has been valid.
ah, have fun!! Say hi to everyone ;) lol
ok we get it stop posting the same thing 20 time
awesome! Glad you enjoyed. Two good dudes there in Ryan and Matt.
we have gliders all year round too
Had a great day out with my daughter..best mother's day gift!!! Happy mother's day to all the momsout there!!!
now working with music composer alex auld
I think you make a perfectly good point. Or do we think some elements of providence wasted by God?
I tweeted that at you earlier today
one of my fave movies!!!!
Only a few hours left to vote for William Henneberg for Falls Church City Council!
BlackJack tables killed me.
Got a big Audition today in Brooklyn wish me luck
oh sure! sharing is caring ;)
Everyone have a safe and happy Law Day Eve!
I <3 choices!!! I choose green *claps hands* *drools a little* *seizures*
downloaded that soft hop!
send me a # and i'll write my favorite things about your profile :]
I don't see trending terms in my twitter client or on my homepage. I don't like how they've hidden "saved searches" though
Ha! Shows what I know. I played jazz guitar for decades and switched to Stick. I am having the most fun I've had with music.
#RIPDickClark Times like this are a reason why over-scheduling tweets is dangerous. You can't really be promoting your book right now..
WHY is Skylar in the bottom two and not Phillip? And why is Hollie still here?
Fuck that school
Miami offers to host Miss Universe 2012!
Takeout+bakery=take credit :) “: Funfetti Dip = #FAIL .....Wah why am i not domestic? I'll never be a housee wife!!!!”
Video for web - editing programs like AVID and incorporating your IT team in the decision process is best.
i love you babe.
. As the marketing director of Westfield Horton Plaza told me: "Shopping is an occupational hazard."
I want wine and Bacardi is not a good substitute.
MATT SCHAUB, STEVE SLATON, ANDRE JOHNSON & TEXAN "D" WILL GET 10 REGULAR SEASON WINS...& IN THE POST-SEASON ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE
too bad but enjoy it while you're there. wish you luck in your endeavors.
follow back? :) thankss
First #superbowl ad, color is worth talking about. Now we know that!
I'm downtown at the shop. Ima text you.
Things gettin dicey in Albuquerque. Brett Jackson doubles, Valbuena homers, then Rizzo hit by pitch and SP Fernando Nieve ejected
<U+200E>"All politics is local." Tip O'Neill.
#WhatIMissMost when we didn't care what other people looked like
Tis the Season to do for others. This feeling you have when giving far exceeds the feeling of receiving. As always pay it forward.
MT : "Don't just get involved, fight for your seat at the table. Better yet, fight for seat at head of table." -
U MAD BRO? RT : Both of you need to quit imitating me - YOU ARE TROLLING TOO HARD.
-stranger? do we know each other?
Never, wait til I'm back in UU I'm ion that weight room fam
aww well then ill give you one at school tomorrow! :)
yea might be but him shooting the runners and making the finish line come to him made me laugh
do not retweet Katy Perry
Douglass Gibran (Director, Writer, & Producer). Follow me on twitter
Wishing the best tonight on DWTS!
I got a man he gotta lady
and t.suggs should have their own show
Over 6,000+ people in 71 countries have seen our video & are outraged...4 suicides happened this year. Help us help these kids
thank you, but I do genuinely hope you believe that what I originally wrote holds true to me.
No, okay you do stupid stuff. Don't talk to me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Crackhead just directed us where to park a block from I think we'll circle around again.
You Never Really Can Fix A Heart...
Thank you to our new followers!!
Discomfort with the word leadership, and we kinda need to own any leadership we do as a profession.
Alas, the PS3 I use belongs to my roommates.
Please don’t hesitate to pass along any cool NYC info you may know of to me, including your own. I will definitely pass it along.
#Salute to an iconic figure in the #FashionIndustry for yrs of cultivating design
isn't it fun hanging out in daylight? That dulche flavored yogurt was so good!
Actually I did, it's in my tweet history.
let's not ignore that WWE's Triple H was there too... Seriously Floyd?
I hate how Austin has too many friends on facebook :( now i cant add him. fml
ONE-LINER: Don't let yesterday take up to much of today.
That was my thought as well. Something wrong w/ taking eggs then pawning off to someone else or not ultimately eating, etc.
Happy to see Wisconsin so well represented here! Many WI brands serve McDonald's globally.
*sigh* I miss #Packers football already... It's going to be a long offseason...
Just had a great cast/crew meeting. Look forward to working with them!
as if i don't have enough social media... let the wild twitter rumpus start.
Holdin down the 3rd row at #mktclt. Lots of familiar faces. Good to see you all in person for a change.
Made gluten/egg/soy free waffles 4 dinner. Almost didn't turn out. Apparently cultured coconut milk really makes a difference.
Have you ever tried keg wines? Here's your chance - keg wine tasting tonight 5-7pm. $5 to taste three. No RSVP - just stop by!
Taking a shower to clear my mind of bullshit.
Glad I'm not there!
“: If this bitch tells us she lives in a lake community or she has a lake house one more time im gunna flood her house”Lmfao
Excited about my reunion with a Fine Arts Center classmate. Music theory/history with Jon Grier was the best high school experience.
hey! Hopefully soon we're not sure of the date but we're gunna released a video of us performing live soon!
"he's alive!" Muahahaha lol I'm back from my twitter sabbatical
Yeah, but it's anticipation helps us through the (usually) long, snowy Rochester winters.
The Vallie will be featured in the 2012 Oscar Gifting Suites! Congrats Adam Rendon
Scientists want more. Functionality and just more. But others are finding BHL. History and art.
Thank for the follow handsome!!!!
Morning jog before a busy fun-filled Sunday.
#Bruins are now on the ice for warmups.
trust how people want to skate you will see so many saying there otaku or a gamer after this comes out fucking epic
doing fine!
Waiting for the day that follows me.
Swallow my words. Taste my thoughts. And if it's too nasty, spit it back at me.
I Love Miami! :)
good pure source of
The winners in history knew & understood the value of preparation, practice, professionalism, patience, precision, & principle!
Good morning everybody I need more follows follow me and I will follow u back
Sounders up 3-0 at half. Can't beat Saturday night games at qwest.
First car accident in L.A.! Everything is fine, except for my sideview mirror. Lets go, GEICO!
Yeah, I agree. We pack so much more efficiently when we're not rushing to get everything in the truck.
Thanks for the shout-out! Glad you enjoyed the event!
“: Don't forget to tweet using #SWAAFF. Southwest will give $1 for you up to $100,000 to the ”
Let's make the internet a little happier by changing the trending topic "If I Had A Gun" to "If I had a pizza."
Midway through mixing the new #Walter Trout record...Lots of fun...Lucky to be able to make music...Have a good Tuesday, all!
Time to play tourist this weekend!
'll get shut off at a bar first????? Vote!
y'all do realize that has one 10 gates away and has them all over, right? Why can't US get one?
Had a great day in #NYC today with the family - place is amazing, have to go more often.
Already lovin' the prom couples this year.
Dear One Direction, I think our relationship has finally reached the point where you should learn about my existence.
Very. I would get emails once a week about this arrangement. In short: it's fake. You pay someone to buy/review app
Family guy marathon
you'd best be practicing for the shoot tomorrow!
Rolie on my arm, Versaces on my face...
Love this!
- When You're Waiting For That Text Message From Him <3
dont worry, were full of surprises
Saw star in School House Rock at After School Matters! #star!
I'm good. How are you? Hope everything is swell!
good night
I want to have my birthday party at Howl at the Moon! Anyone been there?
whoa! no likey vegan huh. was trying to make something i can eat often. trying to only have dairy occasionally.
ha! Why would cold weather schools be afraid of cold?
FRESH VOODOO Tour dates flying onto the radar! Scope them out and come out! HIGH ENERGY shows like no other! ORGANIC/INTELLIGENCE is coming!
I need to get into bed. Enough of this shit.
thanks for the tip!
It's an awful disease. Not enough awareness at all. :-(
What goes around comes around
No problem at all :)
my back is killing me
After every Salah (payer), a Muslim says this statement three times
Happy Birthday <U+2665> THUMBS UP! (y)
Thank you!!! How are things in the Northwest? Very hot here in the East thats summer : )
If you have much time before your wedding to prepare, scout your area for bridal extravaganzas and wedding fairs.
It may be crappy weather today, but Thursday calls for 61 degree weather and possibly some pirates.
Are the Log Cabin Republicans ashamed of themselves yet??
Congratulations and happy B-Day to the little guy :-)
cuddles & co. overthrow the shit out of pop tonight
#yea thats the key,
abut to have an awesome weekend with my aunt<U+2665> and epic big bro Tyler<U+2665>...should be fun:)
Same damn time !
"You've got a job that millions of girls would kill to have" - .... Tell me about it. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BA>
There was a shooting behind my house at 5 in to morning. Damn it woke me up early
special shout out I love Broadcasters and #Broadcasting. to a special colleague
We loaded about 6000lbs into our PackRat pod today. Big high-five (God-Bless) to the El Salvadorians that helped make this happen.
Indianapolis to start the Mini Marathon soon. in downtown. 35,000+ Runners Expected
no thats where I'm headed haha is your brothers team headed to st Louis this weekend
Martha Coven from OMB talking about the irresponsibly of the Republican budget proposal. Love it.
Happy Friday. Enjoy a fish fry for this first friday of lent.
aww(: your the cutest!(:
dis nigga Jordan put a pic up of me on the toliet he betta not be salty .! Lol
Girl shake that Laffy Taffy !
Hey I like that, "circled" as a verb.
#ReasonsWhyILoveMyself ima give all bitches lay-away receipts for Christmas......they never said u had to give the whole gift..just give
you can hope and pray, but water works better...
my god come sit on me lmao
When I Got Banked By Murad & Ricky <
I've come to the conclusion that every girl named Ashley is pretty darn cute, like what the heck!
Yes to both if you can! Both are very funny. Even JG likes them! :)
I have not got out of bed today except to eat and pee. I feel horrible.
So long Baltimore...we hardly got to know each other! On to NOLA!
actually has the best customer service I've ever dealt with. Legit.
you know it! In fact, I've gotten so good at sleeping that I'm actually asleep right now. And tweeting. Fancy :]
Watching the storm roll in, planning for the summer league #finalfour tomorrow...any words to motivate my troops?
Watching #30for30 and remembering how much I loved watching Reggie Miller play.
It's raining hard dab
yeah. Stop threatening and just impeach already.
C'mon Milwaukee! Weak crowd energy at the Bradley Center right now! Get up and yell!!!
but it won't be a sweep either & the clippers really can
Lil Wayne Surfaces On DJ Khaled's 'Welcome To My Hood'
See the hottest thing in candles! Over 40 candle warmers and 80 fragrances! Lucious!
All I care about is money and the city that I'm from #drake #trustissues :)
Thanks to for great #ILMWest this week & to for great video panel discussion - glad you are starting video advocacy group
maybe your neighbor is smuggling koala bears in the walls... I think this sounds better than rats :/
Busy afternoon! Green Tier Induction, then Chancellor Lovell's induction. Congrats all!
This bitch ain't in her feelings a bitch ready to strip with no hands YOSO :)
Thanks for the great hour; sorry we were rushed at the end. Congrats on a really fine book. RT :
think i want to live da miltary life
Love is amazing...well at least the show is.
power's out... no more working... time for drinks!
Punk wins Punk wins Punk wins!!!!!!!
<---only speaks for himself. Kobe's name aint mentioned during/after Heat gms unless they're playin LA.
“: Big thanks to for making it possible for us to do what we do in #SWTOR” The SEALS Team seconds that thank you!
Lakers fans, and to a much lesser extent Heat fans, watched their teams eliminated crying "The Mavs can't keep this up."
What is your current understanding of sustainable success? #stia11 Hm
Day 1 "Sports Authority"photo shoot - Phew...no water for me. I'll be doing some fishing instead.
yes i am... I just got home :)
Sun is so pretty tonight <U+2600>
thanks for the follow! We'll check out your work!
Yes, CJ made a stupid play. BUT IF UR A DAMN BASKETBALL PLAYER AND CAN'T MAKE EVEN ONE BASKET, WTF ARE U DOING ON THE COURT THEN?!?!?
Awesome Day!!! Kingsway, Forest Hill, Lake Norman BC, and Straight Gate Church, The WAVE team is truly serving the Kingdom this week!!
It's never a bad idea to start the day off right, little run with some nice low carb breakfast of eggs and cheese and maybe some meat.
mane what happen to my real niggas
For as challenging as teaching can be sometimes, 20 kindergarten hugs in a day goes a long way to remind me it's worth it.
Happy to see rugby making its way to
Are you ready to take your promotion efforts to a higher level? Need more responses from your campaigns?
<3 I Love The Smell Of Rain
At 5p, we'll feature 5 in a row from the Beastie Boys in honor of MCA!
Rehearsing today with the wonderful and -bringing me back to peacock days!
On the road in Cincinnati at the OMA Conference 2012
If only I drove...
hahaha ill watch it one day
LOL ALREADY WHERE YOU AT TONIGHT
RT : To all followers of and #crowdfunding..... Get ready for Crowdfund 1 Million at
dont worry bout that nigga his lost yo gain
friend friend where u at? I'm here
it's good. We screened it today.
Hi Michael very nice Blog, your video has a visual glitch, you should check out. Maybe we can work together?
my work wasn't digging the twitter background I made, so I stole it for my own
I sent it to you through bump!!!
I hate painting, shit never comes off your hands. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Mothers day every restaurant is mad house ' I'm starving '
Thanks Tim! :)
Q: Would you rather read several blogs on diff topics each updated weekly, or a single blog updated daily with wkly columns on said topics?
I gotta be about my money because if I'm not, who will be??
Troy's James Brown ... Vikings, give this fella a call in round four.
Thanks for #ff!
Happy to sing your praises anytime:)
best of luck, hope it turns out well.
CANNOT WAIT TO GO TO ILLINOIS TO GET OUT OF THIS PLACE :(
Thanks Krysten. Usually tweet about maintaining a professional image. I'm including tips from the Now What? panel.
Room 113 just opened up, #Blogathonatx go find a seat!
Did Tiger win today?!?!
how many do you think have TBI but are not diagnosed... that just deal with it...
Roger is about to mess something up.
congrats James!
Thank you! This will be our first visit and we heard bad things about eating the wrong foods.
That gym session was crucial <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
But there not thats the thing i mean if they was good i wouldnt say a word bout them but there not..
Follow me please!!!! :D
If you have nasal symptoms upon exposure to tobacco smoke, perfumes, cleaning solutions, potpourri, new carpet, new fabrics, and other...
hey hey hey memorial day is near come and get that fit...City Gear boys,men, and ladies
he who is not courageous enough 2 take risks will accomplish nothing in life (muhammad ali) what will u be BOLD about today?
HAY I JUST MET YOU
oh hi
no i never found it...everyone keeps saying it got deleted off youtube or set as private or something :(
I did not realize how much V Gray meant to the Rattlers, he is missed BIG TIME
would you tweet something already?
Davie Brown is getting settled in our new location in the Marina and happy to be next to our sister agency...more news to come soon!
Awesome! we're testing a new feature to give option to post scores to twitter and facebook at the end of each game, update soon
~Thx so mucn.....have a great weekend!
Can't get any more beautiful today in Southern California! No wonder LA traffic is always so bad. No one wants to leave!
also should do a youtube channel of trailers for all the films so i can be more informed about my schedule
Internet killed the SNL star!...this mornings Metro
Ur new show, "COUNTDOWN SERIES PILOT, HOST". Can't find the submissions link. Can you send it here? Thank you.
Toddlers have toys, Kids have bookz, Tweens have Facebooks, Directioners have Twitter.
Yes, and anyone who doesn't like it is a hippo-crit. /*rim shot* *Davin tap dances out side door*/
lorie zapf, april boling, jan goldsmith.
Please do! I buy your products because they're vegan and effective, but that would make them even more earth-friendly! :)
#Whydoblackpeople like cocoa butter so much?.. Wait a second...
Just Wanna Play Loading it up with three shows in May - M&S Grill May 7th, Potomac Nationals Baseball May 13 & one still hush hush
Patience with Belief - RT : All things happen in their proper time. Everything in life happens in the time allocated for it.
i just tried to call NO answer
Anyone have any suggestions for a trip in Banff over 3-4 days this summer? I'm eyeing up the Skoki Loop pretty hard.
my line up better ... Stalin .. Amp.. Berner
that Braheny book is the bomb 4 real!! It's deep. We'll trade thoughts on that sometime. Hope all is well.
I just became a citizen of district 11
How about my #Flyers? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Auditions for six shows Saturday at the Athenaeum e.a.t. A play about eating disorders open auditions at three www.yatkids.org
RT Just an FYI: In Physics there's such thing as Flux & such a thing as a Capacitor but there's no such thing as a FluxCapacitor
oh ive gone and came back already. thanks!
here's a virtual "hug"
Wanna get a tan wit me before summah!? Haha I'm gettin even more translucent <U+E411>
Who here hasn't had enough cinco de mayo?? Let it be heard.
Time for some 4th quarter
Have fun my friend!!! :)
Police raided #occupyoakland this morning. Protestors to meet at main library at 4pm
Dan Akerson said he is a Republican and that more modeartes are need at the
True or False: Art and economics don't mix very well most of the time?
A very happy Mother's Day to my mom and all the mom's out there!
Ima better person than I was yesterday and I'll be better tomorrow then I am today! #ambitions of a growing soul
your short link didn't work dudes....
The essence of #drama is that man cannot walk away from the consequences of his own deeds.
Happy Birthday Dude! (be safe)
Haha got'cha! I'm not Canadian.
Went to da concert last night(watch da throne)jayz and kayne
anytime! Cool products.
i fucking hate it when u tell ur brother to fucking to something and all he does is seat in front of a tv and get fat
didn't know you were referring to a product. Definitely agree! :)
On my way home from playing some basketball.
I'm on the Detroit Train- what a gorgeous day :)
Schwarz & Mark Brown were laying down all sorts of smooth jams last night. Be sure not to miss The Function again in 2 weeks.
My bike and landing are for sale, both of 'em are sweet. $3250 for the bike $7000 obo for the landing. Tons of spare parts for the 07 YZ 250
you down for helping out some Node newbies at our meetup?
But ½ my collection is mis-tagged in there. I have music organization OCD & a decade of anal categorization invested in iTunes.
Damn, just walked by this hot girl's desk at work and her voice is annoying as fuck.
I'm faded and I don't give a
Hi Gail! Thank you :o) Hope you have a great day too!!
How do I Know it's worth the while?
All in favor of a moratorium on the phrase "Santorum surge"?
"i just wanna talk about vibrators and eat tacos"
28 days of school left! #summertime !
Thanks for the follow! Thanks for your work!
haha what's that for? <3 :)
Bob what happened to the MN Twins? Was it all former GM Bill Smith’s fault? Will this be a long season and beyond for them?
$140 to upgrade to 1st class, PLUS $150 change fee?? How about I just give you a big fat ZERO and never fly with you again!
cant sleep watchin lock up
Mumbai Bistro Now Delivers! You may place your order using the link on our website at mumbaibistro.com.
Well as you can see by the time stamp, this product doesn't work. :\
Mahalo for spreading the word about the next #SMCHI event! We're excited!
already! U alwaays gonna be a lak boy
Yes! Samples are completely welcome!!
Didn't expect any. It's just twitter. :)
Note back from a vendor: "We can defiantly help you achieve the user experience that you want." #FunnyTypo #Subliminal?
Good job! Never a moment of doubt.
Hrmm... That's a thought. I like it. I need to figure out where that place is.
about what
On the way to L.A. with ! And by "L.A." I mean "In-N-Out Burger."
Work, Chest workout and buy Warrior on BluRay!!!
Come in for a tan in levels 1-3 for only $5 today! Such a good deal :)
I know.
Forget about the 15 trillion debt, let's talk about whether to deport immigrant grandmothers or allow self deportation!
Re-learned a valuable lesson in the benefits of BodyGlide this morning.
RT Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure
TAKE 2. sigh.
- what kind of role are you looking for?
Thanks, looking forward to your tweets too!!
Sometimes it makes me want to laugh. Sometimes I want to take my toaster in the bath.
Just trimmed my own hair cuz the place i get it done at cant do it right! Lol.
Think positively and breathe!
Finished #reading Red Thread by Ann Hood - an interesting look at families going through the adoption process
man wtf is going on I been texting u and message u on FB man I'm getting mad
We aren't in boston! I'm saving up for SDCC.... :( missing you! Prime?
has his own column on my TweetDeck. He needs his own show.
Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours.
I feel like I got punched in the face by Perhaps it was my own doing.
If Anyone Has Any Pictures That Need Editing Please Please Please Tweet Them To For Her To Edit Them! She Is Really Good!!!
RT "The rt 1 drive along the beach has got to be some of the most unreal views in NH"
and most likely sold it back to the americans or american system to make a profit and to have the status
Probably American Beauty for studio, and any Dick's Pick's CD's from the 73-74 shows. :) Your's?
Hi Ashtar, I'm watching 's YouTube videos! <3 him! Is there a bio posted anywhere I want to blog about him! <3
we r coordinating the cell phone drive a few blocks from ur eatery, at the convention center, just an idea
Jimmy Buffet is basically Raffi for drunks.
Today was fun as I got to go through employee paperwork, some of which included disciplinary paperwork and English tests.
Gearing up for a productive week. Lots of great things will be available on our website soon!
I want Spotify! I wonder how long it'll be till I get an invite.
Could use app rank .tsv download option.
what do you think about new ad #basketballneverstops?
Doh! Was that a mistake? (I kid. Thanks for clarifying)
Don't under-estimate your power~ VP Joe Biden.
#subwayrun before class
Dear PLEASE get a hat trick for me while I'm here. Love, Me!
Spent day working on a Dance Collections Database, brainchild of amazing Bonnie Oda Homsey. Will be a game changer
Where is the beaver defense???
Are ya still in Oxford?
you're on a roll tonight
This girl gets to see Bonny Bear (aka ) tomorrow night My life is now complete. Thank you !!!!!
Well Nancy, I do. I feel guilty because I am so mad and I realize it is his life, but he is alive by the grace of God
“: Damn That Was Hard... But I'm Headed To Arkansas Next Year! #HOGS” Were glad to have you!
Our 7''/EP ''Things Are Really Weird Right Now'' comes out tomorrow, go get it here: www.topshelfrecords.bigcartel.com
Does anyone have several Twitter Accts to retwitter stuff from one and not bother others? An acct for each class.
#lupequotes "I hood a lot, and yeah I nerd some, hood's where the heart is, nerd's where the words from"
& you come across as super pro in the interview. It must have been torture tho not to be like "ps Phil is a horrible person"
Thanks Tracy. Finished first out of a field of 96 ...that was SWEET
nahh no answers needed...the series aint over bruh
condo sounds amazing-v. jealous of your likely beautiful view! Things are going well, still job hunting, but enjoying the time off!
If You Was'nt So Ugly Ill Put My Dick In Your Face !!!!
14k Viewers!!!! Omg.
sometimes the beauty of Pandora - introducing you to new things - can also be a curse, I guess
only the greatest game in the world. Modern warfare 3
just got done eating had eggplant parmesan sandwich and French fries.
any way! Tweet, talk, DrawSomething haha
Food is finally ready.
Sorry, but not going to be there...in ny to celebrate mother's 90th
crying bc im in chicago but cnt come c u... happy bc i no ur having fun :D luv u!
Balloon animal tying, the spoons, puzzles...I'm all out of suggestions
"Now when I say breaking a toilet, what I mean is...." RT : Rex Hudler was talking about breaking a toilet
well imma go to sleep sweet dreams everyone :)
Bonjour ! Do you have a contact email?
is that an application?
Thanks! So excited for a full day. Just wish I could get some more z's! Happy weekend <3
what is your back up I am down too and need something
Do you help people get what they want, or do you help them get what is right for them?
Tryna go do work
Instant gratification is no comparison in regards to a long term fulfillment.
for me it's to keep us women happy no matter what happens in life
You would think it would be the opposite...
National Black Theatre Festival Opens Next Monday Aug 1-6 in Winston Salem. Check their website and order tickets now.
Hello! Done & thanks for the reminder
unless I say I miss u come over then my bf better say im omw!!! Bc won't u won't do someone else will.
Great song! Dog Days Are Over. ;o)
Feels so good to be back in my city
some type of gift for the best mustache at the end of the month, and in the middle of the month a day to meet everyone who is
Lex just told me to rip my friend card in half because of the bad choices I've made... currently taking applications for a new best friend!
are you there with ?
I suppose stacking some sort of shelf to lean dishes against in the sink would work
Congrats Lyle!!! Owen is very handsome! So happy for you!
FYI My car was stolen at La Jolla Shores this morning & apparently that's been happening...
Anyone who questions Russell Westbrooks game clearly doesn't understand basketball... And I'm a mavs fan... Dude will murder the Lakers.
yeah, I understand the budget thing too. Lol. I just spend all my time & energy getting sharp accurate light into the camera.
spent the morning with library codemonkeys. code, monkeys, code.
"what came first Cal or the chicken?" -
RT just launched www.badgirlventures.com, a highly localized microlending organization targeted towards women-owned start-ups!
RT : So it's #TequilaTuesday, but the big question is, do you want a margarita?
Drive up Main Street in a small town, drive back down Main Street in a small town.
Still don't understand y sum agencies turned down an opp 2b on 'The Pitch' It ain't no Jersey Shore lol. It actually hilites the firm rite?
I've only seen one of the newer ones. They're too self-conscious, and lacking in humor, for me.
": You gotta let the fire hose be free lmao" haha sounds good to me
Leaving NYC with some wise words "don't pave the cow paths"
have to do is execute. And he will direct you. Trust me. and not in a corny way but a real way, but it will still be tough
When your child is banging so loudly that the entire restaurant is staring, it's time to take the spoon away. *pops Advil*
Watching movies when theres only 25 minutes of class...
S/O to the first ever #ForeverFly supporter
you bout that ignorant music
was prom fun?
Kobe w/ 4 more years??? C'mon man!! That only happens if he hits the juice!
...She's My #Iron "Iron sharpeneth iron; so a man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend." Proverbs 27:17
You know, I bet American Apparel would do pretty well if they made clothes that people wanted to buy.
she's probably not a dog lover anyways!
I'm disappointed. Thought you would have better taste in music. is a bad influence.
and for Best everything WhitneyMnM
: Alway trust your self
At least you are working at a job you really, really love :) You could be an accountant 0_o
The FUNK BRUNCH is on! We have Bloody's and our famous breakfast-- plus Sly & the Family Stone, Kool & the Gang and the Godfather of Soul!
Asking all them questions making statements assuming lol
#ECET2 Listening to Katherine Shaw from Business School talk about corporate HR systems and how they support employees...
With all this emphasis on digital, let's not overlook the magic and power of live performance, still a strategic force
has programs that build lasting relationships. Such as for season ticket holders. ex: Rip City United.
pick me the fuk up
I would love for my band to put out a vinyl single someday. And I want it to be green.
do some work
for inquiries, submissions, features, email !
Heaven is full of answers. God is just waiting for the question!
Yes! So good to meet you in the flesh. Let's set up a time to talk shop! :)
i'll msg ya on fb.
Dee-troit Sucks!
I have no idea. I haven't been there either.
is that why you never say anything nice about me?
“: Life of a Security Forces Member...”....sucks <U+E421><U+E421>
Celebrate this life and learn the lessons of it for your highest good...We all have different journeys with powerful lessons to learn!
I wish people understood I don't have ANY down time. I have to actually create down time. Steal it.
I don't know whom we need to talk to but when I find out, I'll let you know.
We all make funny faces in the mirror, Strike a pose in the dressing room, and check under the bed for monsters at night.
is Rugby Jones going to be at the interviews
Bipolar people often suffer from what they feel is a tangled mind. Working more and thinking less can be helpful.
Followed Love((:
Just seen dat nigga Abu in #Walmart buying up all the dirty sprite
NBC: #Romney leads #Santorum in #Wisconsin, but too early to call.
Is it too early for nachos?
family visit. commencement. NYC. radiohead. costa rica. it's going to be a fun month
thank you for the follow,
You bring everything on yourselff.
Oh that's awesome. I also read Caro's book. I think I'll get 200 as well. What is it? Reading people well is 70% of the game?
Tonight: Tiger Lounge! Tomorrow: Josephine! Next week: Oregon!
Do you ever feel like sometimes people purposely do things to bring you down? .. I'm going to fight this until the end.
When did I say that? Chelsea has been playing quality football. That's why they deserve to win.
*Recycling for Hope
you love it...
working hard my brother.. Hit me up man.. We gotta chat
she's a part time lion.
2012 Mattel Toy Royal Rumble: Vote Now!
I need a real conversation soon!!
Where is my mind.
tired AF.. i was gonna tweet something more intelligent but im way too tired to think
RT : To succeed in life we must stay within our strength zone but move out of our comfort zone. John Maxwell
If you're always the one trying to talk to that person first you're
I hope that you liked my birthday song voicemail....it's my specialty...
Boom. Good idea.
Why would you wear a Detroit Tigers hat to a v. White Sox game? C'mon man!
WOW! she is getting so big!
Yesterday's allergies turned out to be today's cold. I feel like death. Colds during warm weather are the double insult.
Fucked Up's 'David Comes to Life' goes hard.
I'm basically using twitter like tumblr.
Friday should work. I'm sort of limited on eating out since I don't eat dairy anymore.
Taking another look
ii can tell from the trailer that #awkwardblackgirl is 10000% funnier than a show like #Whitney. why isnt #abg on a network?
first bacon shakes,now compressed air that smells like fish. Do I wanna know what's next? Jk..
Final day of Special Edition brownie flavor contest. So many delicious suggestions! Can't wait 2 try them out. What flavor would u create?
#AES conference,on how to fo anthropological #research :Be faithful to your data and serve people #anthropology N 40°44' 0'' / W 73°59' 0''
Should take the first flight to my holiday destination
"My boyfriend doesn't know who Scarlett Johansson". Yeah, right.
Females these days teasing and shit showing tongue and lip action on Oovoo but won't talk sex wtf
Sorry to hear that. This story means a lot to me. I understand where you're coming from, but please try to respect that. Thanks.
Who's watching the GRAMMY awards?
Mrs. Beasley: Mom and Dad have me strapped into a shock collar. Should I be GOOD or BAD?? so far just playing dumb!!
January restaurant reviews in SD Home/Garden: Sublime Ale House/San Marcos, La Villa/Little Italy, Davanti Enoteca/Little Italy.
ohh i cant stand my mom
Thanks for the follow! We'd love to talk to you about releasing some of your digital work or tutorials through Fanlaunch.
I know ! It's summertime, I'm down.
OMG! I FREAKING LOVE :) Haha like 100% of you guys know that by now
well you wont be seeing me tonight. Because you HAVENT COME TO FLORIDA YET!!!!!
Laughter is the closest thing to the grace of God. - Karl Barth
We would love to be part of some of your Youth Events. Be Blessed.
Please elaborate
look forward to seeing u next werk! Wanna hear what u think
damn iight bro but yeh I'll be in contact cuz I'm pretty sure I'll be in Columbus next month and if not def BG a few times
Fear Is A Lie.
Thanks for the RT!
If any of y'all monkeys live in S.A we are having a BBQ plate sale at my house. Let me know if y'all wanna come get some. DM me.
Yes, a much better system. I usually make PDFs and mail them if I can.
- nice to meet you too!
i serisoly think i just talked eith u but disconnected ;0
Why does anyone interview idiot Bachmann? She never answers questions posed & always goes into tired rant about Oohbahmahcare..
Refer friends to follow and we'll send you a drink of your choice! Download the app, send a few cocktails, & start drinking!!
My dog is jumping in the air trying to catch the snowflakes. Hilarious to watch.
LOL - well that probably works too.
Before calling someone else ignorant, how about you learn basic grammar. Your views are disgusting, contradicting,&ignorant
Goodnight twitter.
I think I'll live it up tomorrow by DUSTING!!!
We're at 22 already and I'm pretty sure I have a few in my follower list.
hey Beauty
It would be cooler if Spiderman had "spidey sensei's" instead of "spidey senses".
..if they beat up the offenders, they are protecting themselves.
Pentatonix! Look them up cuz they will be winning The Sing-Off! :)
I need to get wit and
Teaching Children to Use ChopsticksBlimpy Girl - chopsticks for kids
So honored to be asked to be on the fundraising committee- such a great cause www.achievementcenters.org
There are two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle -Albert Einstein
Truth! Have a dear friend's mom that had a double mastectomy this past Fri. Scary and mean stuff.
oh I've heard about that movie LOL
Eh forget it. I had a story for ya but its not as exciting nows
I can't stand it when people call gay or bi people confused we know what we like it's just you don't want to accept it
Today is birthday of the 5th U.S. president James Monroe. He dropped out of college to join the Continental Army & never earned a degree.
Ah. 2 more followers till 200!!
some will copy your freshness some will fear it. Others through envy and fear will blatantly hate.
Lol not ready to drunkenly turn on the radio and hear a new linkin park single
The #IRS Tax filing deadline is Tuesday, April 17...now is the time to start organizing your receipts and come see me!
The end of the Age of Entitlement - MacroBusiness
no problem ^-^ and thank you. :3
Game 7! Let's go ! it's time to unleash the #MANIMAL!
Yay for finding Clawdius! GET THAT CAT A BELL! (and a microchip - they do it uber-cheap at MADACC)
My kitty has eaten/chewed up some interesting things including straps on high heels, a cell phone cord charger and a purse tassel.
We just posted a link to our blog that has details about our party space! Have anymore questions, let us know! :)
Cuddled up in my bed watching the Brewer game... I <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I don't understand why he can't just leave me alone!!
Do you like our kite?!
was to jar people into thinking, WHOAH what's that mean? And thus propel them to look into it
In a really good mood today(:
i dont get it...how do people know if is creeping haha
I'm nothing like the Nigga you had before
I ask this in earnest : what is the purpose of your Twitter acct? I agree the system has problems but what are you doing?
I'm tired as hell, but if I go to bed I'm going to miss the end of this Who Wants to be a Millionaire rerun
Thanks for the #ff - missing #DucksNation and
Finally I just returned from my from trip with a new outlook on life from work to family life I guess It's a new day 4 me!
Been following girl! :)
Thanks! Love your video too! :)
hey what's up
Re yesterday's , revisits this: Defining the Eastside, again... CC
Ready to go home....
That sounds like the perfect date night! See, they did that just for you two :)
Fucking seriously. RT : It's a beautiful night to get 0 sleep, I guess.
Cheap Airsoft Guns at Amazon money ;O
Thanks man. Grats on your Insignia Gnasher!
Btw, thanks for the 5 million followers on Instagram!.. If you don't follow me, you can: danielagonzalezlovesyou. Xoxo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
on the phone with
Great time tonight running the boards for former NFL player Ed Smith. His show EZ Sports Talk Show is on KXXT 1010 AM on Saturday 6PM-7PM
The world is full of willing people, some willing to work, the rest willing to let them.
so we owe it all to our thumbs!
Grab a Philly cheesesteak and Italian Ice on the way home! Drop by the O'Roarke Fall Festival at 8455 O’Hare off North Durango between 5-8pm
Our deal is still on! $5 for any medium 1 topping pizza when you buy more than one! Call us!
LOL dang haha RT : “: Who is Boosie?” a bad rapper that ghetto black people with low morals and standards like
Failure is GODS way of saying, you were going in the wrong direction my child
CINCO DE MAYO!!
Squeaky clean bieber has dirty secrets!?
Just because her eyes don't tear doesn't mean her heart doesn't cry.
Cyber Monday sales are pretty good, bought my parents Christmas gift for a reasonable price, check it out online...
girl I don't know why aren't instagrammimg! Lol love u girl!!!!
Its time to enter the "Reality distortion field"! I love Steve Jobs!
Can someone give me a creative way to get to follow me on twitter...when i meet him!
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
feels nice being at work, and being able to get things done - yay end of semester!!
wow, i now have 900 followers on twitter. do i get a prize or something? :)
Hello Mr. Harry Gantz and Mr. Joe Gantz kindly say hello to you! How have you been?
I'm down for whatever anytime after 3:15. You should just let me know what you're feelin' and I'm thurr.
What's the 1 book-biz "current affairs" article young pros MUST read this week? We're taking suggestions til 12pm EST!
Get tix to Reel Rock at outwardbounddenver.org or at !!
so sorry! feel free to call the store so we can make it up to you. Love to help via twitter but I'm not at baked:(
Quit calling my number, I don't owe you shit
Look at those bluejackets sharing sticks :)
not much allegator. What's cookin with you?
RT Let go of what you fear and you will hold Love in the palm of your hand.
With an aquaponics system, you can cultivate both freshwater fish and a variety of vegetables and herbs.
Oh, and Mitt is the most Mormon politician since... Jon Huntsman.
I cannot fathom living without anxiety. It is the guiding light by which I Jew-ily traverse this life.
ur welcome sugar plum <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
whats good kid u ready for that bike big time'r
the DCSpartans miss you!
I feel like such a loser because I go to bed so early. xD
#Rocky #Rocky #Rocky , sorry #2cents :)
remember when you told us what an upper decker is?
Dip American. Or the Canadians win.
Today we begin the Great PMA Book Shift! Every single volume in our library is moving - please pardon the dust! :)
Bitch please, my phone battery last longer than your relationships
Eating good food and celebrating with and more
We're sending you lots of luck!
Happy Tuesday!
just followed
I hope my reps get back on track.
#NeoConservatives: The assumptions, democracy good, autocracy bad. Democratic Hegemony is very good. Democracies need problems.
let us know. Hearing the police are having trouble finding it.
your 5th qtr show link isn't working on CBS sports
why do u keep following me then unfollowing me?
Serving French Strawberry Pies on special at our Balboa Park location tonight, paired with our Strawberry Cheesecake Ice Cream! Yum!
#IWantYouTo be honest with me, no matter what!
RT : Best practice is to create separate campaign and governing Twitter accounts.
It's a beautiful day in San Diego. Have a great day!
RT : Shout out to
wepa! 1000 blessings upon you, sirs
the choices we make in life can sometime benefit others.
That is an offensive foul or nothing
Easter in Madrid was really cool too. They had a parade and everyone stays out so late socializing.
Check out the store for amazing art!!!
exactly...like It's set up for us not to have any control to discipline them anymore.
Read the Top 5 Ravens/Steelers game at thesportsgame.blogspot.com
lol did you just leave twitter and come back? I could have sworn you were always following me lol
miss you too girl <3
Doll - loving the #SUIB hash tag creation :-)
USC isn't going to be at #sla2010 alumni connect? Sad!
Not everyday you come across someone that has the power to change your life, but when you do, that feeling's incredible!
On my calendar to read later this week, but released today, Steve Ulfelder's The Whole Lie. Looking forward to it.
Looking forward to the #teaching2030 chat at 7:30 Central time.
The first sports pundit to "compare" Manning's and Tebow's careers from this point on will make me vomit profusely.
I just did
The problem with most people, they are too busy worrying about their team and not all the rest. I appreciate good hockey players, period.
that's right by my school like right right next to it hah hint maybe(;
Boom, boom, boom, let me hear ya say ey-o....:: puts hand to ears....
okay, thanks!
hey everybody !!
Big Win for Bucky in front of a Sold Out crowd at the Kohl! Play off hockey mentally.
Another Saturday night alone
I can't imagine headline-only reading could possibly be less with print vs. online. That's why ppl say RTFA
Following to many people that aint following me back .
massive amounts of my money stays local. #rva receipts
started following me. Soon she'll learn that nothing I tweet is newsworthy. And very little is re-tweetable.
At mountain cabin as family members trickle in. Peaceful quiet, warm fire, full glass of wine.
Next meeting, Feb. 15 at CE 268! Hope to see you there!!
GM ... Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Until your good is better and your better is best. ~ Tim Duncan
lol ok you're not , you just don't like black ppl
Just wanted to thank you for the Retweet Nica! I hope you have a wonderful Friday! I'd love to start following you if I may
yeahh I can see that. I almost just wanna jog to starbucks...... ha
CAUSE I'M PSYCHIC! ;)
#sdmayornp focus on 2300 chronic homeless
Justin Bieber makes a new song, it's a TT. Gaga says shell release a cover. We already beat the beliebers. MARRY THE NIGHT SINGLE COVER
I feel so rotten sometimes.
I feel like a rebel reading 's tweets in class.
The cohost's wife wins an award? Hm. :-P.
I hear the rule is: don't feed the trolls?
And here I was worried that they'd run out of ideas after MFHM 26.
Picking up for the labeling party! Lucky labelers!
hope you guys had fun being back home, nasri & clichy.
Thank you so much for adding our post to your Dues Review! Have a great week.
So tired!
we gotta set our alarms RT Tickets to #TheHungerGames go on sale TOMORROW. RT if you’re going opening night.
Haha "The Last Cigarette" episode of How I Met Your Mother is on. One of my favorites.
note to self. Go to Costco too early and the samples stink. They were still setting up and ha way less today :(
Yall hoes get ready to lose all that attention yall got ii plan on takin it all haha
found some craisins in my bag #SUCCESS!
Specials for the Hawks tonight are $6 Ketel, Jäger, SoCo and Jack drinks. Huge game let's go
Thanks for your donation today Troy, really appreciate it.
o better than me. I dropped orchestra this semester. I'll probably resurrect Fred this summer.
Already getting excited for this year's !
Heading to Richmond.. we'll be around town today and tonite..Keep ya posted..
Winning has nothing to do with anything, its which team is more fun to watch. The Pirates to me are the more fun, exciting team.
I would like to say as a fan of Andy that his soul rest with God and will forever be remembered in our Hearts...he passed Sept 11, 2011!
In short--for storyboards/directing, try to make most elements have a meaning/reason behind it. Did that help? :)
Um.. Yeah.. no comment. #sleepisbetter <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
thanks for the RTs! :)
Well....at least you're being honest...
for SHARING right??!? ;-)
it loaded fine (but slow) on my iPad2; the button controls are too small to use, did fullscreen and some rotations, then crashed
hang in there buddy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Sure thing, Sarah. :) I'm great, just cold out. Love that you love performing arts, and keep fighting the good #NOH8 fight.
Celebrate the leaving of the snow tomorrow with a waffle. It’s how your elders would’ve done it.
that's like telling journalists to disclose their unnamed sources in articles
to much homework
come out to eat with me n Nayi
What do you get if you cross a bird with a monstrous snarl?A budgerigrrrrr!
or how about "cat on a hot tin roof"?
Are the boyz still in Cali??
We're about to
Yes! Do it!
“ Phone sex w/ Sabrina <U+2665>”
Ok this is cute. My kids are signing Blue October songs in their room. Into the Ocean...so adorable....
make sure you let your customers know- milk it for all it's worth.
Miss you too! What you been up to?!
Had a great time last weekend in Maryland! Great staff & customers for #cooking demos. Thanks!
Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know. – Jim Rohn
Dude has a real dog leash on his child. Not the backpack, but a straight leash.
#Pittsburgh - Check out this article on Friday's #HomelessSummit from the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
whenever i get an email from it makes my whole day!!
hahaha surely God knew from the beginning that the iPhone would come someday...
Its my Birthday <3
": Being ugly and having a bad attitude should be a crime"
Awesome :-) your abs are gonna be hwat!!
Cool! That was me 30+ years ago. Huge hall in downtown LA, thousands of people getting sworn in. Very exciting.
Hey sorry it wasn't you. We love you
“: Partying Hollywood style” heroin isn't the answer
Got new HTC EVO. Love phone. 2 issues. Miserbly short battery life & struggling with video calls with my kids who use skype.
-Fascinating story about his life and the business of hockey.
spending mothers day with my 2 babies .... my man & my son ( that's enough for me )
RT : working on helping an orphanage in Haiti! // Stay connected for more information
Jan junction bound.
my thoughts and prayers go out to the people indonesia
I laid my problems out one by one and the only answer I could come up with was
momo I got one
off to the ICA. Already got yelled at by a cab driver. Maybe I'll go two for two on my social fears & get yelled at by an art security guard
breakfast tomorrow? :D
Those people that stood there and watched the Harper home run roll back down the hill are crazy. I'd of jumped the fence.
Enoying this beautiful warm California day! It's a great day to be alive!
My head is going to asplode from all this cover letter writing. As. Plode.
I'm curious!
twas just a trend bb. why are you acting so moist.
Awesome show last night! It's up for another week here at come down and check it out!
One of those things you only try once MT : Ironing shirt you're already wearing for last minute touch-up will rarely end well
no way! clean white shirt and a full belly :)
It is you! Hope you are well.Been a long time.
laying in bed, remembering a conversation in your head, and imagining what you should've said
that would be awesome!!! lmao
Thank you to for his birthday wishes! Best. Husband. Ever.
So many parents showing their kids how to use the library at the Ballard branch! Love it.
High School walks you to the end of the plank, college shoves you off.
If they do away with soft serve ice cream there will be hell to pay RT New deal reached for sale of Golden Corral restaurants
I hate when my ears get plugged up.
The Resurrection: Why It Matters and Why I Believe It
That said, the better timing certainly would have been, oh, say 20-30 years ago
Such a waste of a day
I THOT u sed u started a new post already... like any hour ago lol like about tancrede ro leo/ benjamin..
Sorry you've waited all of your 15 yrs #Coyotes but we've waited 19 yrs. This is OUR CONFERENCE CHAMPIONSHIP.
I don't wanna go to work #:(
Love Stamos too. Full house is the best show ever. Saggot was brillliantRT : Oh, jeebus. Stamkos hat trick already?!
College football is rolling along, how is your team doing? More importantly how are you doing in the #BARTAB BOWL!?! $1 drinks
Shhhh....reading now!!!
--indeed it was a tragedy, one that could have been prevented. It's just that simple.
the procrastinator's cry
I cant wait till tomorrow I will finally do the m1kenobi show on Wednesday.
As long as you GIVE (and don't sell!)... please!
Now playing on playlist: call me maybe by Carly Rae jepsen
thank you, Thou elvish-mark'd, abortive, rooting hog!
Sherlock. No question.
RT : Suicide by chemicals...
That is great to hear! Thank you for the shout-out.
Awesome video! Thanks for sharing that and #ShineYourDivine!
HUGE grocery store visit. Feels good.
I fee a lot better now.
I just ... really want an extra large coffee
Dude, u are unmarried & had no steady girlfriend. How do u understand women jokes?
scene cards today and maybe reading through a new #script. Suggestions for dark drama a la The Matrix?
7:23am Still awake. Ughh. Can't sleep. Too occupied.
Suffering on the hot side of the pillow while the cold one charges.
right, until #iPhoto gives u a database error and it wants to fix it and then it stalls out to the spinning wheel o'death.
why is my hubby nt talking to mii
Wht to do
We are days away from an absolutely amazing show! The Rajiv Halim Quintet LIVE at Red Kiva on March 21st 2012! Are you ready Chicago?
She almost hit me last year!
On the call ladies! Can't wait.
So much fun testing for my first cord in Capoeira. After 2 years getting ready for it, I hope I pass. :-)
Nice cnbc for the 1545.27 this is all going to santa
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahah, why do you say that?
LADY HOMI BDAY BASH FRIDAY NIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE $3 DRINKS TILL 12 $100 BOTTLES ALL NIGHT!! HOSTED BY DJ ROK & MIKE DEAN KITCHEN OPEN 21+
Welcome to the 13 time world champion Green Bay Packers !!!
i follow
NP! I'm all over the twitter game today. No one's yelled at me yet, so I feel like I haven't been annoying *enough* ;-)
Happy Moms Day !
I'd like to see him back in Arlington...solid player and from what I hear, a great guy.
Phew! The brunch was To. Die. For. Delicious!
when will it be? Hopefully not early that week because i'll be out of town
Whats Up Its been a while since I been On Hmu!!! Life Has Been A rRollerCoaster Ride Lately
Manager's Meeting for the 8th annual Cooperstown Classic is at 8am. Rise & shine!
Just 1 hour away from Art Drinks! It's at Maya from 5:30 to 7:30pm. Have a drink, toss your name into the raffle, and mingle. See ya there!
hey:) so would you make me the happiest girl in the world and follow me?:)
+ // so I remain blameless we should pick a day next week and have said drinks
Playing 5/10 for the first time! Currently +1200, probably wont have many updates cuz phone is pretty brutal to text with.
Smoking gets my hormones jumping!!! Omg.
Wild and wacky weather tonight in the SF Bay Area!!
I'm not taking my mom no where, I'm cooking <U+263A> that only happens once a year.
Ubetter take lots of pictures b/c Geronimo has huge paws&will B BIG when he's older! Pls Dogs can't eat chocolate its poison2them
That would actually be a travesty.
Let the pregame routine begin. It's futbol day
RT : Bobby Brown on Whitney: I'm not the reason she's gone: Plenty of chatter has persisted over the years about what......
Thx for having me minister tonight at #UNITED_HS while your in LA. Believing huge things for you guys!
Haha for sure bruh.. Too long
#inception blew my mind.
I've learned that pleasing everyone is nearly impossible, but pissing everyone off is way easier, and fun as hell.
Time to go back in time.
RT Mama White , Daddy Black So That Ass Super Fat !
I LOVE YOU
Nice, I'm sure U killed it. Lemme know when U make it out this way again RT : oh it wasn't a complaint... Tis a good thing!
#Marketing goals should complement the strengths of the social media platforms you use. Don't presume they're all the same!
u fuckin nasty
yes they are yours! We are calling you right now! SOLD!
didn't catch this, thanks Mr. James
new beat I guess
#Triumph is back on tonight! awesome
Omg they tell all follow : )
yeah no doubt! I'm more of a warm weather fan especially when I spent most of March in 75 degree weather
Ok cool I'll let you know.
Hi Brittany, nice to meet you! Are you from the Twin Cities originally?
A beautiful, cold and overcast day. Perfect for editing!
#broncos are going to fire him if he doesn't produce down the stretch i think RT : Done in Denver? Broncos' McDaniels under fire.
RT : Depend on nobody.
BEING SINGLE HAS ITS UPS AND DOWNS!!!!
Where you go, I'll go.
#DASER Toothbilled bowerbirds don't build bowers -- this is an important point in Gerald Borgia's presentation.
You're welcome. Have I asked you yet what the class was on?
Rangers are on a fucken role!
Great day!
Cumulus/L.A. made cuts, including KLOS PD/afternoon guy Bob Buchmann and market legend Jim Ladd, who'd been doing nights on KLOS.
My car is so dirty but I don't have time to wash it because I'm too busy studying for finals
still mixing drums. man what time is it...
So now I'm part of the family...
far from
Thanks for the follow #voices #voiceover #voice over
Are you trying to get a retweet...because you got one. #touched “: you da best sports reporter evvvvaaaaaa”
Thanks for the RT!
How do you feel about reunited Refused?
we should clean your b-hole
Austin Rivers looks good with the ball in hand. He gets to the rack at will but his play doesnt seem to affect his team in a positive way.
John Grisham new favorite pro storyteller, he's a Cards fan...
loving your tweets! Thanks so much for sharing.
2days 1 of my random don't feel like being productive days. Happens once in awhile. Probably so I don't run in2 brick wall at full speed.
I know, I know, slow down. On another note, I'm thinking a trip to San Diego may be in order in Nov.
Snow flurries. Wind chills in the teens. Caribbean vacation anyone?
If Manchester United vs. Manchester City counts, then yes.
Whoops! yeah, I totes meant NBC...that show was so bad!!! I tried to give it a chance, but I couldn't sit through it.
Lolol. trying to find Lynn on Omegle (x this is hard!
I don't giveAF if a celeb doesn't follow me if he wants to he wants to if heisn't well u just lost a fan if I wer fame I would follow every
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one. ~Mother Teresa
Cinnamon rolls were like the cupcakes of the '90s.
wait, what's the question? If it's about 's perfection, I vote yes. cc:
i unt you too ;)
Draft season is here & The PR Playbook movement is growing! Athletes, agents, coaches & PR pros - request your copy!
My car-DA3078-has new car inspection valid til 2013 but can't renew registration b/c records show inspection needed. What can I do?
The #CW canceled #Ringer, but somehow #Whitney got renewed on #NBC? Why?
Q: What did the blonde do when she found out she was pregnant with triplets? A: She went looking for the three guys.
With sophisticated targeting, B2C is not always mass media, tho
um you should probably punch that d-bag in the throat. Wtf
Watching some old videos of me doing Karate when i was like 10! LMAO
Rehearsal, then private gig, then solo piano + vocal at red, white and Bluezz in Pasadena this evening!
break a leg
thanks man I'm coming up for a visit one of these weekends
lol are you referring to Dj Pornstar?
Thanks to for throwing down the dare to feed those in need! served 14,543 meals in Sept thanks to donors
Hailey, only sometime do you have a scrub-like mentality
The first year after college is when you figure out who your lifetime friends are. 99% of ppl who say they'll keep in touch, don't.
Irvin got arrested after his pro day...his pro day...stupid pick
Lakers got the win way to go Lakeshow
Hang in there, girl.
Going to try something crazy... committed the code as is because I am 99.999999% sure I am going to need to rollback.
Thanks for having us!
You say tomato, and I say tomato.
love you long time.
Getting set up for #vsnam12! Proud to be a Diamond Sponsor!
ya'll crack me up.
please follow and let her know i sent yu
": #Capricorn is often good at math which explains why they are such pains in the ass."
ARIANA GAVE ME SHOUTOUT OH MY GODOH MY GOD OH MY GOD OH MY DEDEADEADEAD
Just wanted to say God Bless our U.S. Veterans!!!!!!! I personally couldn't, or rather, wouldn't want to imagine my life without ya'll :))
call more dudes come to tonight!
Things only get worse before they get better ... so when your down out always remember things will get better.
yep that chalk is nasty, the gel is cold also
Thanks, Nick!
No problem. He's like a brother, I can talk to him for you if you want? Have him tell me what he's doing?
oh no! That happens way 2 often! Hope it works out ok & mom STOPS!!! :(
Tricky situation for TCU..Purke is sore and draft eligible and turned down$4mil out of hs..tough sledding for coaches
I'm listening to Matched by Ally Condie now. Highly recommend the audio books. The reader's voice really captures ur imagination
Just an FYI women is plural WOMAN is singular! There is a HUGE difference! Plural means MORE than one #imjustsaying Educate yourselves
Last night, my bf completed his #fafsa in <10 mins by importing his tax data. I remember when it took at least 1.5 hours - nice improvement!
The strongest most wonderful things in life cannot be seen......thats y ppl r blind to wats around them...=)
Why is it that the Digital Humanities panels at MLA are packed and rockin', but @ ASECS everyone seems vaguely depressed?
sometimes when you're in love, there are things that you feel that you can't really explain. It doesn't make sense"
THANKS MN Wild & SportAdore! I'm totally pumped and STILL excited...
Scuba diving
same here.
#Didyouknow every year the sun loses 360 million tons
We Support Teachers! Teachers will receive a 15% discount at Towne Centre Furniture in Havana, FL 32333! In order to qualify please add us
“: my excuse is "YOLO" for everything” toxic shock syndrome?
dw you have me ;D
Time is here check your watch! Get into and join the end of #Marchmadness bring ur own swatch and get 15% off ur meal
And one! Al needs to play well.
I've made my way back to Twitter world. We'll see how it goes ....
whats everyone up too this saturday?!
Im pissed, I thought the Packers played at 12! I woke up early
#AJStream #Gingrich is a historian just as #Bachman is a neuro surgeon.
A tongue ring revokes all yo gangster rights
vote to make a change in cleveland muni clerk of courts vote PAVARINI
Not having a laptop has freed myself up to lots of things, but I need to get back to work-Time is $$$$!
I Don't Want to Miss a Thing - Aerosmith
is geeking out over Getting Things Done. David Allen is my new god.
RT RT : Our non-pitcher is better than your non-pitcher
yeah! Do you??
If shawty want a $200 date ima take her bungee jumping where it cost $100 each time to jump and hope that cord break the second
lucky charms <3333
Thanks TEEARA!! Let's play soon. I miss you.
We will probably never understand black holes or why women fall madly in love with douchebags.
Thanks Tony!
I don't go on that lol.
If his croup is THIS bad in the morning, I'm afraid for what tonight will bring.
Tweeting from my mobile device. I'm cool
Heard on the #Oriole radio broadcast earlier that Wei-Yin Chen's parents are at the game tonight.. they got to see a great effort
!!! It's almost gametime. You ready?
That's what I was thinking.
Remember: All HCPL branches will be closed Friday, April 6. Stock up on books, videos, etc today!
you keep doin you tonight cos i'm doin me OH YEAH.
Hi Yes, we were there last night I remember you and your family :) My kids were the older asian kids,
Awesome app for helping let my colleagues/contacts find where I'm going to be when at #sxsw (also doesn't suck my battery life)
thanks so much, you rule!
Check out The AC Guys in Las Vegas for all your Air Conditioning needs
bring on the dip!!
…helps communication, especially knowing how to effectively use the least amount of words to get your idea across.
thanks for the love Jen!!!
Halloween gives everyone a chance to wear what they may not otherwise, and this includes sexy costumes for demure ladies
Soo we r at the mall right now walking behind Eddie kennison dat use to play wit the Kansas city chiefs!!
crying Bc when u meet 1d and the wanted they will fal In love with u bc ur pretty
We're at #SMCF2012 across from ! Stop by our table!
Funny, hey? There's always something out there!
Wow, that's awesome! I hope he made it safely across (and didn't scare you too much).
was afraid you wouldn't understand it, <U+E105><U+E409>
#thatmagicmoment when a person finally realizes that democrats and republicans are the same bucket of fail.
Big EverN fan here,& use ToDo 4 iPhone(but wish integrated w/EverN).Does Omni bring it all together?
Go pack!!
thanks. OMFG you came?!? I feel so bad.
Is there a code?
OH REALLY. you wouldn't have said it in the first place then.
i think the power is going on my computer. also there is a break in the power cord. sometimes it just turns off all of the sudden.
Wow, my to-do list for today is done and I can actually work ahead? Monday's aren't usually this productive. I suspect foul play...
I done talking about SB. Im not giving that guy any more attention. Who even listened to that podcast before today?
Any less and you're always stuck cleaning up the mess at the end of the semester anyway, and passing on students' issues.
Its all right. It was my choice. I am not ashamed. My name is out there. Fine. This is an important cause.
for real no child deserves to go through that abuse is horrible alone so when it's a child and an infant it's even worse !!
heck yes , you far from arlington tho , thats where ill be at haha :/
Thanks! It looked like you had a good time, and that you showed that bottle of Ninkasi a good time, too.
I dont wanna take them off
then again, first comedy episodes are notoriously bad. I will still watch.
Naw, but I DID fall asleep with my face on the keyboard again...you know how we roll...
Just got back from an #Intel #HPC round table meet in Washington. Much NDA MIC fun ;-)
Rocked some nosebleeds at the #Twolves game tonight. This team is on the rise and has some dedicated fans.
do it! I did it to T. SHe wouldn't move. It was funny.
#TigerBeatLovesASW All the way! ;)
BOW BOW BOW le go!!!
Its just not one of those working days.
I wonder if, somewhere on twitter, there's someone genuinely trying to give away walmart gift cards.
shut up piece of shit I've lost all respect for you. Media is so ridiculous suck mavs dick when they win the ring, then this?
cause they blow
Thanks for the follow back. I hope you'll enjoy the stuff I write or that comes out of nevermet press.
#20ThingsIlove my brothers.
I've settled down and started my latest adventure... a real estate business. Please endorse us! Love
all these new shows on disney channel are gay as fuck.
yeah, s1 was super creepy when you only saw the hat but even that got annoying. I almost quit watching but then they showed zq.
Why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?
I might need to phone it in today. Next time only one mimosa at brunch.
#Mavs, #Heat or just don't care? What's your opinion?
I hate feeling uncertain on what to do in situations.
my apologies for the trouble, can i help?
Yes, lots of weighing in on Sophie 103.7's new format . Programming changes can make listeners crazy.
I will only attend if can promise me a full 15 minutes of political commentary from Bruce Johnston.
Why do people find it hot that I'm French German Scottish and Irish? O.o
I'LL GOOGLE WHICH ONE IS CLOSER.
He is a man on a mission today.
Someone's going to have a happy cat!
Skintastic ...results you can count on for hair removal, facial rejuvenation, Smart liposuction, Quicklift & more 972-620-3223
Sitting here throwing up gang signs...bored AF
Just don't nail animals to the back of the house.
please DM acct# or phone+zip, i'll check into the trouble for you
i'm in serious debt but trying my best to work out of it :)
I agree 100% Skip Stephen A. can't say nothing about that. LOL
How u call urself World peace when u foul everybody feeling the man meat
Great fundraising for Miracle on Canal Street with our auctions! We raised $7100!!!
Does your child have a favorite healthy snack?
Yayy i changedd my twitter name! at least its a little betterr
You will respect me. Simple as that.
When's things start changing... <
He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals." "If you would be loved, love and be lovable." ~ Benjamin Franklin ~
I'm tired of all these turnovers and fouls :(
how is it all of a sudden so difficult to block a number?
me in vacation the best :) -school no!! ;)
Thanks everyone for Howlin' ! Jam with us on the hashtag #newplay next week, same time.
Sent to your email
Success is defined by reaching ones goal, and reaching back to help the next reach their goal....Don't stop short of your success.
i appreciate it. =) much love xoxo
just keep trying! don't give up.
curious to see your excitement level if you had won something. lol
The new animated series #stupidasso by #stlouis 's very own animation studio Stu Pidasso Studios premieres in 39 days on www.stupidasso.com
just read 87 blog posts. in 6 days. SAD blog posts. dear , i am now about to eat my feelings.
you are a loser.
they should have gone for the suckfest trifecta of Shows, Greene, and TV Teddy
I would marry my iphone if I could. San Francisco photographer commercial Napa wedding bay area siliconvalley silicon
hyvee is for squares.
well you listen to mine too! It's why were here for each other xD
I thought I read rapper at first. Lol.
YES! RT if i interview gotye at coachella, i am totally going to call him walter.
What if you could #makeover your house and come in WAY under budget. I show even newbies how easy that is to achieve. Keep more money!
"If you work really hard, and you're kind, amazing things will happen." - Just what I needed to see right now, and it just found me.
you gotta remember it's all drunks left. And drunker Canadians.
A big thank you to for sharing your time & experience. You're the best!!!
remembering how awkward middle school was....I was always really quiet until recently. broke outta mah shell, now I never shut up
FAT FAT YOU'RE FAT
got one in the fridge waiting for me (w/cornbread crust). maybe shd roast a chicken just to have it in the fridge?
FESTIVUS FOR THE HELL OF US.
#SMBAustin : I hope that new technology will make it easier for people who have not historically had their voices heard.
This week off from work has been amazing!
We are on a journey of becoming that which we already are. That is the impossible paradox of our lives. ~ Leonard Jacobson
The book was stressful to read.
Square niggaz where there feelings trill niggaz freeze them
Our pleasure. We do what we can! RT : Sweet of to kindly remind me immediately after the game that the #Heat lost. Thx!
hey buddy I'm going to go 0.02 per ball you get. Put me in the book. It's a great thing ur doing!
« « Wiz Khalifa -- Busted For Weed? Really? Y'all surprised? In other news the sky is blue»»
S/o to all da females who went and copped to jellies when they came back out. Lmao in every color!!!
: (*laughs*) i have no idea of political implications of MS grammar check, though would love to research it!
Excellent news!!
The is so hectic this week that I'm actually resorting to #coffee. Sorry cup of tea, my old friend- you're just not up to job today.
thanks for checkin out last night !
I AM Gonna Be The Next !! #Determination:]
Thanks for the RT! Our Twitter feed: SLU_VCC_2012
Looking forward to father's day, I am getting the new samsung tab 10.1.
That awkward moment when you drink when you're mad and say things you don't mean.
Report: Inner Harbor hotel to get new ownership - WBAL Baltimore
I wonder if Baylor's team helps mark crosswalks when they're not on the court.
Mitchell's interception shows just how much more athleticism the Ducks have. A 1-hand snag. All Oregon now, make those Rose Bowl plans
I try my best not to let my emotions get to me when they say bad things about the Yankees I just ignore it for the most part.
I just changed my password so I don't get hacked too
Which is ridiculous, it's the most natural thing on the planet! They should be more worried about the food their eating!
I loved that you managed to work this into the panel. I know it was purely for your own entertainment. :)
your not in love, you just want some pussy.
No. Don't you have one you go to in Kentucky alot? Lol
Oh im sorry ! I hope your fever cools down ! (:
There should be two terms trending tonight for sure #Clippers and
That's going to be a really good look RT My hair is gonna be red just like tomorrow :)
When you go to the drugstore, why are the condoms not in with the other party supplies?
Did finally get a new Avi?!?
I'm allergic! (is what I say so people won't hate me for hating cats)
i want your hair! Give me your hair? Thankyou love ;)
cello: the proper way to answer the phone.
#ItsAwkwardWhen you kno #Miami is better than the #Knicks & couldn't close them out...
*virtual rubber-band snipe*
Everyone Follow Its My Up And Coming Crew Of Artist And We'll Love Your Support!
shut UP Christina
Is it one of the tracks you guys produced yourselves? It sounds amazing!
Thanks for the blog tweets! Hope you're having a lovely day!
I saw a tweet saying it was fake. Have you seen that?
Still working on this Gospel song I'm writing ..
been practicing why Georgia, beautiful song man. I'm a fingerpicker still tryin to get this cool rhythms you do w/ fingers?
"I speak the truth, but thats a foreign language to you all."
Happy Monday!! It's rise and Grind time! What can you do today that will make your tomorrow brighter?
Current Justin Morneau return timeline - 'In about a week...'
Best Original Screenplay for for Super. That'd be a lovely surprise.
Ohh boo cry me a fuckin' river !! -.- Just build a bridge and get the fuck over it -.-'
thanks for letting me know. I think they are trying to force everyone to use Chrome.
Police Director DeMaio, Chief Coley & the entire Newark Police family would like to wish you & your family a safe & happy holiday season!!!
have fun. Talk to you soon.
Good spot - Ha! Love your use of "pro tip!"
Tired of being who everyone wants me to be.. I'm tired of pretending I'm happy.. I just wanna start a new life with him & never come back..
Haha "i mean who doesn't have a basilica these days?"
right, I know! I am from ME but live in OR. Tired of having to fly into Manch to get a cheap flight...heard this was coming.
I just entered to win a lovely blue WordPress shirt from ! (Hopefully I'll win, and wear it our next Baltimore WordPress meetup.)
NO RT Did we hear this right? The T-bone is saying farewell from the menu?
yayyyy(: let me know when your free and I'll let you know when I am
Crying in your friends arms...
Memphis is known for the blues and we have a blend of country with it for u.
Authentic? If so, good deal. I forget if that Cavs one you linked is authentic.
- thanks for the great dinner tonight bro. Loved the octopus , black cod.
man i miss getting high ...... fuck getting a job.....
that what u use i always look for ideas to keep my hands n tip top condition and thats not gay no homo
Boyfriend came on my pandora...
Merry Christmas peeps!
Ha. I will work harder on Tweeting for you guys! let's meet up for lunch again.
aight lol good night RT “: no wi see why u come late casue yo ass go to sleep late..GO TO SLEEP ..GOOD NIGHT!..:)”
watchoo got against Ukraine!?
#quotes The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.
"Better pro prospect Sullinger or Thomas Robinson?"
I bet iknow the one thing my wifes mom is watching now #wrestlemania llabplease retweet
sometimes this SV crap goes to people's heads. come on kids you are only successful when you are actually a success.
"think outside the box!? screw the box." -
good morning south florida
I wish my dogs would have told me they were gonna put a tracking device in my body while I was sleeping. I probably wouldn't have woken up.
307 is forever slow. Stupid.
and headed to #NCSC - will be judging the top #sales students
LOL...negative. I'm
lol no you go to sleep .
wait, that didn't come out right. You know what I mean.
San Antonio in the house! “: #amasummit #ls12 is starting out strong in Chicago. Excited to be representing San Antonio”
This girl need to gtfo our class bitch.. She talk too much
Interesting piece in response to the Adele story--the "you" note isn't technically appoggiatura. Though ttill a tear-jerker.
Picked monologue for the next round of auditions for going to be doing "Eva the bartender"cant wait! I love this business!
I'm watching travel channel and they are talking about how awesome "little dix bay" is. Sounds horrible to me
Hey i just met you, and this is crazy, but heres my number, so call me maybe(:
Music is the poetry of the air.
hahaha sorry bro just got off work, are u on collage??
this is all my mom talks about: how excited are you gonna be when u meet them, u have to look hot n cute, Y wouldn't they
Did you know that Clyfford Still is recognized as one of the founders of abstract expressionism and that its roots began in 1944?
tweet something woman!
#Audibles What team is flying completely under the radar?
still singing high school musical songs, thanks
Game Plan Of A Changed Man
Just realized people who put "like this for a truth is" on fb have no lives, and people who like it, definitely like the attention?
: he was like yelling hello at me, it was so cute.
GM. Can the Colts get cap relief if they pay Peyton the bonus and still trade him to a team or does the $ stay on their cap?
The only reason why I wanna see #BattleShip is because is in it
your welcome(;
Quote of the day: "I'm suprised Disney doesn't have firework during a Festival of Joy... God likes fireworks too! Doesn't he?"
my house is filled with nomadic boxes seeking their final resting spot.
#WhenImAlone I'm bored.
u got any shows coming up?
Happy Valentine's Day!
Thank you and to you as well! Happy #WW. Cheers!
#GIveObamacreditfor... anything you want to. Obama is big enough to take it.
We've entered the triple digits in the cart & our poor fridges/gear are struggling. Gonna close up at 4pm. Back tomorrow at 11am!
I think Word List Expert is the best.
Sweet! Tickets are on presale tomorrow, right?
So many lucky new employees. Very nice. Watching the jobs board for the next round of openings.
oh just ate bowl of oatmeal , banana. And eating brown rice with the chicken.. That 6to 8times a day lol
u ignore me lol
I hope you'll hear me in the street humming, sofly breathing out your name.
I'm NOT the one to be coppin attitude with sweety(:
Hang on guys... Only a few hours left of work...
text me . Who was you tweet about
Only 1 person in 2 billion will live to be 116.
No never. He is an amazing athlete. I luv Hendo, but I don't think he nor Gustaffson stand a chance, but in MMA u never know.
*school* In class: 1+1=2 In homework: 1+2+7=10 In test: if richard has 4 oranges and gives 1 away, calculate the sun's mass -.-
#BOYFRIEND = exited for bieber
I need Chapstick
Loving all my friends in this industry.... Its a fun business to be apart of.
Thanks you for checking me out too! Blessing!
Good call!!
i love seeing family
Following the drumbeat of the Self isn't easy. Practicing asking my mind to follow & serve, rather than race worriedly ahead.
miss a bit of the first??? If they're down by 2 or more goals, we'll know who to blame!
two days left..then a week of relaxation
Headed back to Hamilton Park
in a larger sense you are correct, the point I was trying to make has escaped me.
Aye Yo, looking at this Katana's on Craigslist, bahhaha
yay congrats on the new record! Can't wait to crank it UP!
I can't stand lies.
Catch me on #SunsetBlvd 2nite Wit my PHILLY/LA Team Drinks ON TOP OF DRINKS 2NITE... Oh yea
Totally agree. Accountability seems to be a lost art and I have no problem with coaches demanding a little.
I just ran a red light and cussed while I was on the phone with my mom.
TODAY IS MY BIRTHDAY! CAN I GET A FOLLOW OR HAPPY BIRTHDAY WISH PLEASE!? :)
That makes twice that the #Rangers dugout had to make a quick move to avoid a getting hit by a foul ball. Nice reflexes!
The most entertaining part of #NFLDraft is listening to the live coverage of commentators talking as if EVERY pick will produce immediately.
Will y'all be my Valentine?
CAn be a thousand words have 100 meanings! Said almost everyday! Can hurt! Can make u smile for while <that word that word>
skinny andrew zimmern is nearly as terrifying as skinny al roker.
I'm doing the exact opposite -- not eating. Not a good habit, I know :-/
we don't have set plans for it yet but I'll look into it for you!
Many musical thanks for following, to , , and
How do you like that new Remix by "You Da Boss"
yes you do
2011 "Essentials" Grammy Gifting Lounge pictures are posting on our main website: www.sakirivodka.com
ive been searching for that answer, i just hope i get it now !
Fabulous yourself!
noice! We are all avid park watchers. New episodes wednesday!
That shit is a trip I hear though.
Yep. Remember these dudes.
How about Press Secretary? Those would be the best press conferences EVER.
LOVE HIM EVEN IF HIS NAME IS LIKE DAT I DONT KARE IF PPL LAUGH AT HIS NAME HEZ STIL MA BOO
Just got back from Riverview with Raven, Nya and Kiki... I can't find Kiki now. :/.
What kinda sandwiches you working with today?
I know but it looks so much better then going to hs
Awesome!!! What days are you free? Barack's pretty much free anytime, so we'll definitely meet you for some free golf lessons!!
Lol yeah i thought they did too
RT : Seeking assistance for your education? Apply for the Gary Yoshimura Scholarship. Deadline is Jan. 30!...
This might be a non-smoking hotel room, but the room's still chewing a lot of nicorette.
Good seeing you at #Celtics game, T.
that's so you know its real, cuz i don't share ;))
Dont worry aunt cindy....ill be with you sooner than you think.
96 degrees by the pool today! :)
Honestly, I kinda miss sitting at the table.
RT: so close to 3000 followers. We have an elf on the warehouse roof ready with party poppers>> Which employee lost that bet?
Hope everyone is having an amazing day!!!
Did squats in the garage today. They didn't have a bad day either.
I don't think its unexpected. When you argue about big things in politics, division is the only possible result.
Open your mind to new ideas everyday
Need to hire older guy for more perspective. Women friends come to me for great advice
yo, having another "be the host" contest? Still think got robbed. <<<--Agreed.
yeah he told me. I didn't know the rents were out tho. If I get out on time I was gonna stop by anyway
Settle down. I tried to re tweet but couldn't never trying to steal credit wasn't enough space to credit.
working on a reorder for imprinted plush bears. Thanks Meredith!
Mother's day is this Sunday. Why not suprise her with some great Bamboo clothing!
Thats what being able to shower and talk on the phone at the same time will do to you.
Better late than never! Looking forward to shoot in a few hours with Miller!
feeling a lil better today, another surgery in a month to hopefully wrap this all up. Xoxo
What's up Thanks for the follow.
me too :D
Gus Johnson on the call-close finish guarantee.
It's my birthday
Good job security
I had forgotten all about the Monkees walk! I was remembering the pretend Monkees the neighborhood girls put together. I was Mike.
I guess not an a believer in negative apocalypse. We are all writing chapters of our stories with conflicts, love, and growth.
#quotes #leadership A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd. Max Lucado
What exactly RT : Taking one for the team
thanks for the retweet!!
Toe-pick mother fucker!
man im so used to wakin up early everyday that on my day off i can't even sleep late
Happy Friday, Peeps! If you were at yesterday's #PRSANCC event- see I was right. Fri. did come!
Ashleigh's producer Jameel is incredible! At Gravity Studios, Chicago!
Everybody let's trend
Just registered for Miami Man 1/2 Iron Man in November.
Bourbon, muddled mint & lemon, curaçao! Eastern Standard makes them nice and delicious!
At the and going through an incredible training on improving presentations.
As you see the world is still here that old guy was on crack lol
Training time: our weekly call with the best training team in the nation
It was so pretty! Like a leopard! Oh man, had I stepped on it I would have had to call Mark to get rid of the evidence.
Ramen Report: Pop-Up Yuji Brings Broth-Free Bowls To Williamsburg
I'm at the CSA Awards honoring Casting Directors and having a blast...What are you doing to honor YOUR greatness today?
Couldn't even eat half of a 6 inch sub from Subway. Stupid braces.. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Arthur Bryant burnt ends ... Yum!
Leaving my heart bruised really isn’t a smart move ‘Cuz that’s how you get your ass pushed out a moving car pool
Why twitter. Why won't you upload my pic for me?
Hubby just walked by and only noticed the "pervert and discipline" part of your sentence and said "What the hell are you doing?"
Did you find the yearbook stash in the library storage room?
Sarah Vowell just signed Unfamiliar Fishes! That was fun.
I benefitted immensely from enlarging my group of women friends. It's been an unexpected source of joy
#tsdday I heard ten really great stories today. Which ones resonated with you?
It's supposed to snow tonight! I'm feelin a #latestart tomorrow. Or better yet, no school at all?
Cee Lo Green looked like a blinged out Tucan Sam.
HCR came on while I was shopping! I freaked out & then got kicked out!
Dance Like a Stripper by <<---- Performing #LIVE May 19th!!!! THIS SATURDAY!!! We Shooting A
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined.~ Thoreau
Dawkins is 38, 15 years in NFL
I'm not your robot
Just saw someone younger than me on cable TV being interviewed as a "political strategist". Strange.
#BIEBERonTheVOICE ugh when I see this video no more ovaries
I miss
My parents got me another #orioles shirt as a congrats present :D
Yay, just got my Alabama Shakes vinyl. This is a good album w grt songs. This is more than just retro throwback
They asked that same question on 4/28. That's weird.
can you follow me back pleasee??
heck no I was already naked xD
what job you applying for?
i dont get a mention in that tweet.....haha
Number of South Sudan crisis. Government official expresses confidence in a clash over much of man.
On to the next game... Wow what a grind...
That'd be great! I'll arrive around 7. How should we make the handoff happen?
Im having the Worst day
You can't change the World but you can always change yourself So if you and I start to change then we have already begun changing the world
They're probably just gonna have us climb through the horse statues' stomach holes. Pretty basic.
come to Blush Mequon, we are the only freestanding boutique in the Midwest to carry the brand! It's beyond amazing;)
#jets killed me tonight
I cant go to the game tonight so give the tickets to someone else who replies! Thanks for supporting the team, though!
So much for run support
hahah will do!
Rush's on starvation in Port-au-Prince: "Get a little capitalism in Haiti"
Congrats to the for defeating Hamilton 15-6! Josh Simms had 5 goals & 1 assist for the Outlaws
Fact: No school book will ever teach you how to heal a broken heart. & no teacher will tell you how to move on.
RT : RT And now back to the lab #7dayworkweek w/ <
good work with the composting!
how do the prices for masters' merchandise compare?
Joey Diamonds Fashion is becoming popular in another Texas city. Taking over city by city. "Diamonds All Over Ya Body" lol
oh ok use u can
I owe you a shirt! You should just pick one out when you're there!
So i guess treatin you right is not enough
They won it in 2000. Boller was drafted in '03.
Rain, go away.
Late but sincere thanks for the RTs, everyone.
I followed!!!
Anyone else struggling to get into the Christmas spirit this year? I sure am!
The Timeless Torches are real!
Champions League Final against Bayern Munich
At 2pm & recorded just last night at , the Pavel Haas Quartet with a program of Tchaikovsky, Shostakovich & Smetana.
Your arm can't reach me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
"She asked him for a lock of his hair, so he cut it off, gave it to her, and she ate it" ROFL too funny
When I was a shawty, I saw a U.F.O. It was shiny, oval, fast & stopped on a dime. I thought about it, maybe it was a being & not a ship.
I know
I agree had the ad been done better there would be little to talk about. It was just a bad look
just thinking bout how your doing in your life. Just missing you buddy.
Soo who else's enjoyed Justin's. Performance last night? : D ik I did
Hey guys, just wanted to let you know that Kenny will also be doing a free masterclass before the show at the Levine school.
check it out this week Thursday to Sunday. Milwaukee's own SXSW Wisconsin kicks butt thats why. check out www.theypmc.com
The sun is really doing its thing this morning! Sorry to see it go by around 3pm. Sniff. - rob
I am definitely in need of a crafting rebound, Joe left me very vulnerable.
Aldon make Brees all done. 2 dudes knocked out 50 more to go.
So sad to hear about the passing of Donna Summer. Donna was a amazing artist and will be missed dearly. Prayers go out her family.
I quit my job today! Blog post coming soon!
oh no you didn't ! :O
Definitely happening on a couch, winning that much in public can get you killed man.
no im not and yes they are ugh!
I wanna have fun! (;
u r not winning me ovr here! :o)
Don’t forget to pick up your iThinklocal card the next time you are getting your oil changed.
Orlando real estate. Picking up steam! Let's go!!!!
Gotta make sure he doesn't get too big for his britches
yes I am going to sign up perhaps we can do some linking of websites and perhaps guest writers on newsletter/blg
at the gym!
#lightitup get a record high score with this pace woo
I know you love his style!!
I'd like to remind both of you that I called this a long time ago
Who was the genius who scouted Pedro Strop? ......I fired him.
No one else should take any shot the rest of the game,get melo the damn ball
why are there so many #brewers fans already gone, its the #postseason, be a fan regardless. I would of gladly taken your tickets you babies
my book won't be out til next spring but i will definitely let you know. glad to hear you are interested
good! Cause I seriously got scared that we might have messed up his name!
haha I'm not tired yet! I wanna party! lol jk
Re: last tweet >> I love history.
Just got my sketch pad for art now got my ballon for Brittney :D
would love to know what it is...
Pizza Hut 10$ box, and watching secret life. Love monday nights (: !!!
Chicks are crazy around here.... LIKE CRAZZZZZYYYY!
Thank you much ~*~. Wishing you and yours a joyful
Such a joy-filled day - wondering if our new bed is mostly responsible - no more backaches and actual rest happening...worth every penny :)
WI election results on Tuesday foreshadow a loss in 2012. People want fiscal sanity.
Where the fu_k is Cupid when you need him...
- interesting. I'm going to try that with Norton ghost and see if it works on my micro sd card. Thanks for the info!
Great bread, but could always use more #raisins. VERY delicious though.
Friends entertain Cville 2night! From P.E.P. at Live Arts to S.P.T.T.C. at the Jefferson, Xmas shows at 4CP and Hamner. Good luck & Enjoy!
Live, Laugh, Love
Doesn't look like Molly Munger's backing down. Drops another $1.5 million into her initiative.
I am!
OHMYGAWD!!!! YES!!!! - RT: Bruce #Springsteen and the E Street Band at New Orleans Jazz Fest 2012 #jazzfest2012 BUT :( 4 Clarence
Thank you :)
TWITTER. School has been keeping me away from you :/
i look at everyone's lips. idk..
Happy Birthday, Jeremy!
: Thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend!
I really do not care what my President thinks about marriage. I am more concerned if he actually knows how to run a country.
Waiting for to climb in the octagon and throw down at #strikeforce. Do your thing man!
i love those ironic moments where at the end all you can really do is just laugh at yourself for doing tht
Doing homework... really on YouTube *coughcough* - I procrastinated. Dang, do I feel guilty. Back to homework... g'night Twitter. ^_^
Fired UT swim coach recounts abuse, addiction
i decided not to stop dating black men i will just b patient & wait 4 God
But seriously. It was a great day. Even if things are up in the air...by things I mean everyTHING(s)...I'm still okay. :)
I'm jealous!
will be so great to see you here! you are NOT crazy. Detroit is beautiful.
Umm Ma'am. PLs wake up and get off my shoulder. U only paid for one seat! Marta!
Need good advice from a male man.
its actually #BOYFRIEND6minutes <3 love you! please reply to my dm to make my dreams come true! #beenheresinceday1 love you!
I missed it! That's awesome. I can't find it online. Do you have a link? Thanks !
Cool Find!
No, but I did read something about it. Any good?
RT : AnywayDoe , twitter d e a d . Im in L.A if you want to get it off your mind! Follow me,
She talk dirty but her mouth clean. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I forgot u gotta go to Dearborn wake his ass up than
My husband is the only person I know that cannot tell if the milk he put in his cereal is spoiled.
If you believe in love , lets get it on (;
I'm so sorry
Great series...We need a drink!
Buy me a ukulele.
It's #FollowFriday - Check out these orgs making strides for women in science.
Hey Universal, it doesn't matter how many times you show Rihanna, I don't want to see Battleship. I want to see Avengers again.
“: Pacers can suck it.” did you hurt yourself jumping on the bandwagon ??
I cant wait to fuckin see you guys in september in Michigan! <3 MAKE IT SPECIAL THERE!! IM SO EXCITED! <3
lol she did and than did her sleepy moan to show that she was annoyed lol. Than she stretched and went back to sleep x)
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 37
TRIPS IS GETTING MUGGED!
We look forward to seeing you at Beerhoptacular! Between BH and the awesome FoBAB you are in for some fine brews. Enjoy!
' ImA have to visit a store soon lol
Garth Brooks is the only thing appropriate right now. I love Texas. Can't wait to be back in the aouth
Also, overloaded! :-)
Let's Go #Rangers!!
Vegetarians of Oklahoma & the Vegetarian Society invite you, Scott & pugs to make a tour stop in the Sooner state!
The awkward moment when my math teacher is in Ian's pizza #kember why the fuck r u out
I'm just afraid that the lotus is going to hurt her career.
Please don't tag me in modern InstaFace pictures made to look like old Polaroids. I already feel old enough.
Me & Billy r at Dr. Scott Linik's doggie dentist 4 recheck of gums & teeth this morning. His patients luvvingly refer to him as Uncle Scott
Love it! We've definitely caught Gosling fever at the IMA!
KARMA! by . KORN. LIMP BISKIT. METALLICA. EMINEM . & LINKIN PARK! good cover of . shout - tears for fears!
You're welcome, Bob. Thanks for all the great content! :-)
must get started by following and before they start whining.
right!! and one of them was my substitute, what's wrong with this world
Have to get up soon :( Just 3 more days of the weekend and i'd be fine!!!
Donald Kushner of DK Sports Financial Wants to be Athletes' “Financial Coach” - Business Insider
always love having you on #SommChat - happy
Monkey give us blow.
to whatever family member sent my mom that picture; you are dead to me.
If u came with a label people could read b4 getting to know u what would it say?
my criminal minds heart. Oh boy. Im gunna miss you :(
Well, I can finally cross off "Take a hobo shower aboard the #Bainbridge Island Ferry" from my
Do non-Laker fans get tacos in this case?
darn spell check. John Cleese. Note Close.
We just got some new *Purple Diesel *
If you're really gonna call yourself an ICONiac and make fun of Nick just because he said "you da bestest" you're clearly a fake
“: Im ready to be off work already, & im also ready to find a new job! Lord help me!” LODOs was hiring downtown I think.
Yay for being off on my days. Having no job sucks.
No More Prom. ! Family Firstt !
hit a NEW level of godmode today at work...i ran thru this shit like gold supersonic
big week!! can't wait until friday, headed to phoenix to see the hubby and enjoy some rest and relaxation!! :)
Kickoff for Holy Cross is at 4pm our time. Good luck Indians! Take care of business. Strong D and smart ball control!
Happy Saturday night! :) RT : GM happy Friday
RT if your girlfriend would make a good hooker
down with learning journal!! up with summer clothes!
youve never FFed on being a fucking idiot. RT : Who's the flip flopper? has never flip flopped on gay marriage.
Must be nice!
was truly amazing to be in the presence of greatness this weekend with
When you realized that you fucked yourself over <<<
It's a funny thing about life, if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you often get it.
Thank you Peyton!
you doesn't have to tweet it ;) jk lol
king of limbs?
“: I don't know whether to have a margarita or mint julep!!!”
is my Jack so I guess that makes me Rose, that means I will never let go
146-133 now that's an All Star game!!
Sleeping with my pillow pet tonight.
i had the craziest dreams about what we talked about :( i'll go to the gym at the same time as you tomorrow
Same refs from the Heat series last year showed up tonight. Could be a long second half...
why use yo bank card when u can use face card
will be working from home full time this summer. open to advice.
Very good game. You did great.:D
He has the lucidity which is the by-product of a fundamentally sterile mind. ~ Aneurin Bevan (about Neville Chamberlain)
Great observation.RT : Don't like that the Cubs are throwing the worst pitcher in baseball when they have no bullpen options.
Welp, just looked at the NFL app I just added. My life is complete.
LOVE that!
they don't understand a tweet is only 140 characters!
that video is so good, but I'm sad Nick Offerman was on the wrong side.
As a birthday presents to myself, bought a last minute flight up to Chicago next weekend and one other thing.
Can't wait for the this weekend!
its called planking. Where you lie flat on your stomach in weird places and have someone take a picture not a bad spot
H8 u. ;) Have a wonderful time.
how'd you do that
For the glory of God. For the sacrifices of family. For the love of her. And then for me...
Come over tomorrow at 2 for the game it will be fun
You are awesome.
I gave up beads for Lent...I'm making you ALL necklaces tomorrow!!!! HAPPY EASTER
ugh life tomorrow why
she has inspired me as well!!
Good luck to the eat local restaurants participating in Rockabilly Chili today! List includes
praying hun feel better and please take care of yourself luv u!
I shudder at the thought. This particular blend is apparently "poured" through cats. Nasty.
thank you Happy new years to you and your family
Big things are about to happen!! STAY TUNED!!
Peace & Alignment~
I do love my Samsung Infuse! After having an iPhone, there are def pros & cons to both... are you waiting for the iPhone5?
We pay influencers who believe in our brands. We pay those that are authentic. Via
yea but I think he meant be a crossover
Happy Monday... here's to hoping this week goes fast...
Thank you for the RT. We look forward to seeing you next week.
This must be a parallel universe because I just did my math homework
Being carried bu a lesbian
people wonder why fucked up shit happens to them, but rarely think of the fucked up shit they have done or said to others..
If it weren't for Adele, Nicki would have just ruined my hope for the future of music.
Re:Eagles/Vick Nope, ppl don't buy rehabilitation. With US justice system, not too surprising. I know & <3 many mad Egls fans
hey! follow your bestfriends iphone!
Will you be there for awhile? Want to grab a drink with me afterwards?
Media interviewers repeatedly neglect to interview those kids most affected by daytime #curfews. Homeschool & Alternative are most impacted.
Congratulations to DePaul University College of Law - Julie Krupa and Michael Comeau - for placing first in the IP LawMeet™!
Whoa, has anybody seen the changed site? Looks awesome, love the look and content...
"teacher" idk but we were following each other's SinceLongTimeAgo, and i'm trying to understand why we're not #followingnow xd
The Beverly Hill Titties!
Sheamus picks up first fall because of a DQ by d.bry
Happy Holidays Everyone, and Positive Energy going into the New Year.
she's making it and Ive just been working and being a good man in life. How's your mom
One Word: sanitizer
you were beautiful before you even knew what hairspray was! :) Just believe it. #RE: MyBiggestFlaw
This state sucks I wanna move to NJ
Ugh no. He's hideous and far less funny than people seem to think. She can do so much better.
2 OLine trains on way home. First 1 late and jammed; 2nd 1 no air and easily > 80. No explanations. Do you ride these trains?
Seriously that was like the longest moment of our lives lol not complainin tho
took you long enough then haha
If anyone tells you that the Dave Matthews Band doesn't rock, tell them to shut up. With your fist.
yeah, can u believe it? Lol. It's my only talent. Lol
TOUCH has the most amazing and universal stories that are expertly woven together. We are all connected... even more than we think.
Great morning for Nia! LOL! Every morning is a great morning for a Nia workout!
Praying helps everything(:
Celebrate loving memories that shine bright as a start
Maintenance management to leadership ... that's what we're talking about today with Carla Cross! Join us!
CEO Elisabeth Mason and SVP Julie Kashen are in San Francisco in time for Halloween. Wondering - did Single Stoppers greet them in costume?
I'm not going 2 hop on Twitter and bash , I like her . However ... I will say I'm disappointed with her actions after seeing this!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>awful stomach ache from that dinner ... Feel like I might puke
State bound tomorrow yay
#fuckyou and the lies you told.!
Now she wanna PHOTO <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B7>
idk bout lex but B drunk the WHOLE damn bottle of ciroc
hello hello hello avril
Abby is kind of one of the coolest girls I know:)
Brutal match today, time to sleep for 15 hrs
It comes but once every 4 years, Happy Leap Day!
The fact that it is 45degrees in Chicago is just...
aww yes haha XD plan it down to the last detail lol
Hopefully they both find a spot. I like watching both!
so town n' country it is.....weird to know
If the rain doesn't wash away all that dirt from your car, then stop by and see us. We'll make sure your car shines!
the one day out of 50 it has to rain, when the boys r on the lake..lol
Yesterday's Spring Bridal show was so much fun. We enjoyed meeting lots of 2013 brides and making some new vendor friends too!
Great seeing everyone
thanks for the RT!
yeah. I like to think it makes me awesome so I never have to cut the grass.
You only want it cause its over
Cool idea!
having your license is the best thing ever.
not true, smoke a bunt or get layed
Back at work today cant wait till Friday go back to Chicago n see my daughter
I was like wait they date? &he said yeah & that you and h always talk. but yeah ahaha.
it would creepier if I winked.
I'm in the hallway and some chonga pulls an empanda out of her pocket.....
Warm enough to get on my bike for a bit this morning. Is it sick to say that I miss my commute?!
Thank you for sharing this.
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <35
TGIF! What's on tap for you and your #Audi this weekend?
hawks fans are mad today idek
saved me so much time today with a Python script
Macaroni & Cheese , Chicken && French fries for lunch <3 what are youu having for lunch?(: -Ritchelle<3
little dragon beat go boom! Good luck on the mix down!
happy valentines day to myself. cool.
UGH but theres nothing to do... its a nice day for scootering but uhh someone has your scooters....... *throws up*
Marathon training day one complete. 3 miles down. 460 to go
playing anything good?
only give them a fraction.
I'll be on #FaceToFace w/ and tonight! 630 outside of Las Vegas / 730 Las Vegas
Starting the countdown clock on Brad & Emily's (the whiny, insecure, self-serving dingbat) relationship now. SO OVER in a year (or LESS!)!!!
: Thank you for your feedback. We have passed it on the product team.
Nothing like locking yourself out of a running vehicle
Its hard walking away from someone you love. But you have 2 do what's best for u
nice location too: a gym for kids.
Church rocked, clarity achieved then Bam. Brick wall in my face. Weird. My kids let me cut their hair, all is well for this mommy again.
dat street cool, but its better wit flowlife
this weekend could possibly turn out to be the best of my life! :)
Hanging out with Emily and the baby(;
My hair cannot commit to one popular genre of music.
Thanks dude - you too!
It was not great. Interesting, but not delicious.
still can't find it. lmao get on fb
have a great weekend!
let's go hawks
I've given you my all, and now I'm nothing.
This is one of our favorite tricks! Tape works best for removing temp tattoos that have been on for 24 hrs or less.
I have no idea ;0 I wanna know too lol
And everyone though Taylor Swift was going to top Forbes.
Apparently she's a friend of a friend, and just a little obsessive.
I realized, alot of restaurants: Say, "No shirt, no shoes, no service" but they never said anything about, PANTS!?!
phone got taken away:/
Heat needs to stop all that fouling
Way to go, team. Great live reports from , , and
PAX East was incredible! Shout out to everyone we met this weekend! You guys are the reason we do what we do. Keep on rockin.’
Wow! Sometimes I really think the infographic is the great intellectual contribution of the internet thus far.
Ganna get the wheels today, and my skateboard tomorrow C:
Signature Live. Right here Saturday at 8pm.......werexcited.com!!!!!!!
RK always dressed nicer than us : WHEN U GET NICE CLOTHES: MT : my 5th anniv how long 'til I'm officially a TV guy?
#QuotesFromMeanGirl should be trending..
I don't deserve this
You're on my mind....
Humble yourself shawty
shush. Work issued. Thus, BB. And it takes great pictures, which makes it more palatable.
agreed :) who are you most excited for?
Americans consume a staggering 350 slices of pizza per second!
Wanna get a tattoo but not sure ,,, might hurt too much :/
north carolina sucks, but for real: are we surprised? it's not like the state has a spotless track record when it comes to civil rights.
you rocked the stage with the most theatrical tribute to Broadway's Phantom on the VMA's
Obama looking Sharp in his presidental address.
T3: Mobile versions of websites always stripped down versions of desktop. Not sure if because small screen or lack of power
good! if you need help let me know ;)
"we're coming to getcha, we're coming to getcha... Get your hotties in place!"
take of the jeans and put on your jams
Enlightenment - finally, weave real-time market response fueling the predictive business
great movie!
What are you talkin about foooo, im confused ?
I shall release Hype Machine Mix Volume 3 to VIP E-mail members tonight before I post social tomorrow...Subscribe?
Just read The Sense of an Ending in its entirety in one sitting in Colombo airport.
oo i'm intrigued. can't wait to hear what the changes are!
Indeed it is. We're one year away from no longer paying daycare. I imagine it to be like paying the final mortgage payment.
No spotter info just yet. Tornado warning near Mankato is radar indicated at this point. Warning continues through 6:30pm.
Everyone should text this Asshole & mess with him. He's a total dick that needs an attitude check. 16149402430
Lol, yep we will talk about this Monday. I'm gonna logoff.
watching sex and the city reruns. why didnt carrie marry aiden? he was the best. and then she cheated on him with big and ruined it all
Today Whole foods on Ponce is donating 5% of net sales to the East Atlanta and Grant Park Farmers Markets! Pretty great.
Rough OT loss for the
Dear Dad, I know you would prefer me to working in corporate america. I tried it but didn't like it. I'm an artist. Can I borrow some money?
is now *officially* a PADI Master Scuba Diver.
i did follow him
Rangers' Josh Hamilton had a "LeBron" night. Not 1, not 2, not 3...
Volunteer meeting and training tonight 7pm at HQ 18 5th st. Afterglow party at Dee-Lite!
Thanks again for all of the retweets! Have a wonderful weekend!
That should have been a goal... puck was over the line! What do you think?
Thank you for the #FF shout. Starting our comic book biz classes Friday 11/11/11 and a Bronx GSA initiative.
congrats! where has the time gone?
Tech Geeks 007 is Following Claire
Great interview at Natuzzi in High Point. Italsofa is a great product in terrific bold color.
Using <U+2318>F on the authors also lets me see a crucial part of the "Research" grade—how each source is used in the essay, how it's introduced.
"Have you ever talked to someone, and you're not even really talking to them? Actors are the worst for that." - Joe Rogan
Citation for the LA homicide warrant stat? The link to Liberty Prosperity blog does not offer any source for this info.
Good to see you on here!
Agreed, very sad about Whitney. What a waste.
Who wants to do a #NCPH2013 session with me? Teaching Digital Skills in a Small Public History Program.
Hey Billy! Miss U 2 :)
When the TA and the person who does Info Tech for a living both get less than an A on your midterm, perhaps it's time to reval your test...
Is Winston a last minute town? Prove it and come to SECCA tonight, 7 pm, for a FREE movie: The Parting. Local producer and crew.
Ruthless is an understatement!!! I'm so sad I'm working and can't come get shwastey :-(
On the train to Cambridge for the evening. Have about an hour to kill when I get there, any suggestions for what I should go see?
To the soul, there is hardly anything more healing than friendship
I will probably hit in the face for this
Of course, you were waiting to go to work. I want to work on set with you again - epic! I was omw to pick up my twin dragon.
do you like your cousin lol?
I'm killn these niggas wish they hurry up and die
We love your vision and mission of your org! Keep up the good work!
Thanks for the congrats everyone, really nice to have the new baby with us for the holidays :-)
If anyone else wants me to draw their avi hit me up on twitter
I think college is the new mid-life crisis. No one can afford a sportscar anymore!
Man.. I rememeber when I was saying 112 days till graduations boy did time fly
I'll bring you the first two on Wednesday
Karli Johnson steps up to pinch hit and blasts her first career HR! Two first time bombs back-to-back for Cavaliers. 6-2 w/ 0 outs in 7th
It's Finally Friday which means it's time to FOLLOW FRIDAY!
i hope you like their music(:
:'( then It think we need to pray for healing hearts in Ethans family!
hahah yea i just had to.. I completely agree!
In my redaction lesson, I created a poem about books and a perfect life. Was a sucess! 1 people already borrowed (my mom).
that was awesome :)
thanks for the shout out man! Have a good weekend !
Does that mean I can stop driving? 33 miles out..... Contact period.... Over.
Counter Lady just made a calculated gesture toward the tip jar at me at Taco Bell.
It's cool bro... I'm really sorry... I overreacted... I miss her.. that's all.
RT "OH: I've been coding longer than he's been alive." ... I know what you mean, scary when you realize it (with ur peers).
It'll be like Happy Gilmore vs Bob Barker
COME TAKE ADULT LATIN HIP HOP CLASS ON FRIDAYS!!! THIS FRIDAY...CLASS IS FREE
then you have had a successful day
I need more shares on LinkedIN, more Tweets, +1, BizSugar, Blog Engage votes (have to be a member to Vote), comments, etc.
Yes, because any writer capable of confusing me to such an extent is obviously an intellectual original.
Thank you Lord for a beautiful day.
Wednesday is our Thanksgiving Party!!! We are going to have a live DJ, prizes & more ;)
who agrees with me that `s lil brother Forrest is a little sweetheart?
RT : Foursquare check-in at your polling location tomorrow and use #LugarforCongress when you vote.
Que dice el publico? RT : often I wonder if you're projecting 2nd gen Mexicans from California onto all Mexicans.
I just finished Twin Peaks. I'm so sad. And scared. Now what?
Follow If You Want Justin Biebers (dont Have His Number But Follow If You Want It)
November 22, 2013 IS A DATE THAT IS SO FAR AWAY & NEEDS TO COME QUICK!
It's weird being a minority guyz
Oh yeahh!!! Bulls won! Thats wassup! 88to87 ! D. Rose is just too good haha! #Bulls #D. Rose
Bow Wow a baby daddy now. Dumb ass smh
clones don't like memes.
pretty good I went on a Dunkin run with my good friend ! Got my Vanilla Chi Tea!
I just don't care anymore. I thought I was over nights like this.
Thanks for following me. Hope you have an amazing day. Keep me in the loop!
that sucks. Almost done? My semester ended last week and I dunno what to do with myself. Haha
Let me do some shoppn on ebay....
Let's give away a pizza today! Just RT & tell your fave pizza topping for a chance to win free large pizza! We'll say winner @ 5pm
Hello kitty!(like my shoes!) Keep voting-A
okay and you know for sure that they are?
LiLLies in Woodley Park, Happy Hour M-F 5-7PM: $3 Drafts, $5 Rails, Half off apps..Tell your friends!
“: Palm Springs: What treasures you found and which discount store/swap meet you found them at.”...before you died. ;)
Batteries, diesel, solar energy power patrol, pump-out boats
agreed. Pau is a top 15 player in the NBA when he's on. Marc is a top 40
Went to Alan Liu's talk tonight
That's OK, I'm planning on using all my connections to help her. Thanks for the thoughts.
Saw Carmen last night. Despite SD Opera's best efforts, she's just not that sympathetic a character. Good show, though & great pipes!
what are you doing right now? Let know and hashtag it #UWRightNow!
No, it's Nuvia Crisol Guerra. Did I just channel a dead author?
We love Atlanta! Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return! Thanks Atlanta!
#salsa & #bachata workshops tomorrow morning EARLY in #stl at Millennium Hotel downtown! Instructors from throughout the country! Ready?
»« Follow back!
you to!
It was so nice meeting you earlier! That was pretty awesome. See ya at Playlist!(:
Now you have to come see the interior!
a friend has grown hanging tomato plants 2 years in a row...very cool and yes, it does work!
Where are you going now? Did I miss something?
H&H Real Estate Media had a busy week! Our clients are so great!! Hope you all have a wonderful weekend!
Getting sleepy again..
Oh, when are we wearing it? I'm not doing anything public, just letting you know, also, I'm off on a mission in Oct.
I'm so fuckin hot -_-
#IFeelLike I'm asking to many questions
#ImMadBecause nothing goes my way. Y U NO GO MY WAY?
At applebees w/ and a uniform cop and his fam are eating across the aisle. The stoned kids behind us look worried hahaha
Sonny's is a great place to play darts! We have two dart boards and a friendly atmosphere. Come on in!
Thank god for sun sports cause I cannot stand Reggie miller commentating!!!
girl, you were still werkin it. lol. Hopefully you enjoyed some #bootyshake . lol (:
were the fuck are you ?
thanks for the tweet you two! Let me know if I can help in any way. ^JM
I got grounded and yelled at for saying the truth. You didn't believe me - but is that my fault?
I'm nothin but everything you bitches makin plans to be.
Bernadette Louise Roybal: Truth is :: it may be a mans world but i wouldnt be s&^* wit out a women or girl!!!!
I'm supporting #Psshh . Come out and have an OBP!
what exactly are you looking for career wise?
thank you for the great concert at the House of Blues in Chicago!!
What it do Elyse! How's everythang been going witcha? RT : I miss tweeting you buddy!!!
your a beast dave! lol please follow me! :)
la la la.
So glad i'm done with this semester! Now to relax :)
I THINK YOU MEAN UHOH. lol.
really tired of shady boys.
Hm good point.
Aspire to inspire before you expire.
The only one that is better is good luck Charlie
Management is doing what you did yesterday, a little faster and a little cheaper. Godin.
It's 11:11, Make a wish, make a wish yeahh....
Fake lashes on at 9:40am- on a mission.
YW! Look forward to your tweets.
#civilwar quote of day. Confederate woman. 'I discovered I could empty a dirty hearth..t
Time 2 spike the hot chocolate,,make snow angels, & sled down these big hills n douglasville neighborhood! #snowatl bitches! Partys here!
I always look happy, but in all honesty I'm the most saddest person you ever know
ok so I'm now in love with Dashboard Confessional. I'm dying listening to Dusk and Summer. ah
Still have a whole case of Imperial Stout Drink beer outside!
Awww. Miss you too! And we'll try and be good but no promises. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> haha
it's okaii
We love where we live and always support locals. The depth of creativity in CLE is wonderful!
"This is the only Blake song I like." -- Me, to my sister, when "Find Your Love" by Drake came on
or solstice?
Thanks for the retweet!
3 in a row dude really
you are gonna do my make up and make me look like KStew right? LOL
We hope you found the dress of your dreams! :) Enjoy your prom!
Chili/Cheese/Crackers O My Goodness! Soo Damn Good!
#7. Pistachio Frozen Yogurt is a SLAP IN THE FACE and a KNIFE IN THE BACK to the ice cream known as pistachio.
Hanging with my mom at Popeyes.
Snooki is having a baby what
Just a perspective check. Easy to forget all they've done for us.
GLADLY!! a fat BLUNT
It&#39;s Time to Have &quot;The Talk&quot;
I'm going to get a free muffin at today. Be jealous. Then ask me how you can get a free muffin or dessert from there. :)
Thrilled to hear you're on Twitter now! Thanks for everything you are doing for Wisconsin.
Now featuring Joey Curtin and her album "God with Us!"
pin-te-crest
I agree ": im straight but damn lol u have a perfect ass"
I AM DONNG THIS :P
The best way to get someone's attention, is to not give them yours. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
If the #Brewers were looking to shop their Limited Edition Tim Dillard, his value takes a dive every time he's taken out of his packaging.
Thanks for the #FF! ;-)
You're a white hot baby.
Can't wait to go summer shopping on sunday<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Absolutely not! Brandon (read our blog post on him) started a year early so he could fundraise his trip. Very smart guy :)
Thanks Pam!
I absolutely hate icloud
At a higher altitude with flag unfurled, we reached the dizzy heights of that dreamed of world
You have to watch the new trailer for the Dark Knight Rises. Its so good words cannot deserve it.
k on my way
Homemade Mac-n-Cheese.
Still recovering from St Patty's day? Tweet us a pic of your celebrations and we'll give you a follow!
Pre game speech is over, hour and half until game time. Boys look ready to battle the Gophers!
411GreenWave is going LEED. "Leadership in Energy Environmental Design"
Film and Legal History in 19th Century Masterfile: Law of Copyright as Applied to Moving Pictures, 1909
Bless you.
I was bored LOL
Love the tweet!
works for vegetables as well.
on the website? We're not seeing it...can you provide any more detail (screen shot)?
Love your background - hope you are well! miss you ladies
sounds worth it!
there are a LOT of artists here I wasn't expecting. This is amazing.
- Seriously ? Man, we just had dinner and I was wasted last night. A little advanced notice next time ?
Giants takif out Lincicum who had recovered from bad start,pinch hitting for him in6th..takin a shot
Damn watchd Monday's game on tv just realized i had tickets
Great rehearsal today with the amazing
You only get a life time to live so make it what you want and make it right.
Thanks to all helping me promote my first book I've reached my following limit so yes I have to beg for more followers "PYTHON" Carina Nolan
True! It was a midi controller, but cleaned up well. Break time.
oh i never saw it !
Sitting in my running car in the driveway to attend conference call. Yay heated seats!
Hawks put up your pic on the big screen tonight by mistake, was happy, then sad in two seconds. We miss you in Portland :(
Haha you funny. Id leave your mind blown and kitty swoll mami
Sad I don't have a bracket, but man that Iowa/UConn game was nuts.
If we miss paying our bills President Obama will be the only one to blame.
oh I love it. I am so excited for you!
pink floyd.wish you were here
Thanks for the love!!
Quite impressed with 's tweets yesterday. Not to mention, her, and are on FIRE. Knock 'em dead today!
RT : Yay! is working for me again with the new update! I missed so many check-ins, now time to catch up!!
That is very sweet. Is he not coming inside your house?
come on people!! its just snow, -_- u live in Cleveland for crying out loud
But the again I wanna go to the penny store
There are two things you can do with your head down---play golf and pray....Lee Trevino
I think I'm doing pretty well for myself so far, but whatever.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. Einstein
ha ha I told I've been working for my online boutique.
not even the words -___-
i am so excited i'm getting my contact in 2 weeks
Couples only! Will you skate with me?
I've got sliders, queso dip and some cold frosty ones ready for some Mud People! 25 minutes away!
lol Miley punk'd her boyfriend Liam . Hahahahah lol
Not today. I need to get out of the house.
My day has been complete.
Ashlee, a thousand hopes for your success
QUOTE OF THE DAY: "Success is not for the timid. It is for those who seek guidance, make decisions, and take decisive action."
Just read it. Beautiful. I have tears in my eyes.
Top SEO - twitter.com/expert
we love you!<3
True story. RT : we will have no way to tell if ever gets hacked.
Internet cut as Egypt braces for 'march of millions'
#confession I love all the little princess movies.. Lol :)
Thanks, Martin. You too!
I hoe there is a snow day tomorrow <U+E41D><U+E048>
Tonight I'm going to cut it out and then restart
I have the most amazing husband n daughter! They r my heart soul n the air I breathe Nothing can compare 2 all the luv my lil home contains
Saturday nights we turning up at #figure8! $1 entry all night long !! Come party wit #theplugdjgs #ilovemyplug fam and all the sexy
Its sunday ppl and we are packed! Love it
RT You must admit it's hard to argue with "yabba dabba do" as an underlying principle for your life!
keep me posted, hope u get to stay around! Eric is thinking of moving to the square this fall too... :)
wtf? Go yo ass to sleep.
Cheer practice... Excited/not excited kind of tired....
how cool!!
Bright, attractive, and back on Twitter.
not too bad!! How about yourself?
Lol.... Believe its free..
like at all!
yeah and poor niall .
My daughter just named her new doll Baby Gaga. I wonder if Target carries meat baby clothes.
True that, double true
I fuck wit Jimmy and T.I the go hard for they 1st ladies they remind me of my husband haha!
nice, they called trout up? have him patiently waiting on my bench. Abreu is crying somewhere, fuck him haha
me too! When he says "love you too" in the beginning.
Time for relax part of rehab
ha! Yeah I was trying to make the most of being in #LasVegas for work. PS - 3G access on the west coast stinks!
:) RT : Bexley loves our Mr. Grinch cover!
what picture did you think it was?
ok I'll let u know
RT : Thanks! I will check it out. Great thanks
- fucccck these fake ass people; i swear. #
good Morning!
a mixture of MAC Modesty and Buxom Dolly gloss. :-)
GO CHECK OUT #PAINKILLERS ON #DATPIFF!!
Chris Young is the player the D/Backs miss the most. Do you think that is affecting Upton’s play as well?
Lunch today for
Stay aware spring 2012
Thank you Wendy, inform, inspire and create. All can give free $25.00
Dry eyes may be due to a deficiency of vitamin A or essential fatty acids.
There are WAY too many people here. I really hope I find #TheEverglow &
Thanks Pam! I think I just googled myself!
I bet you start a trend with it, I know I want a plastic window now too. Just can't decide which window...I'm sorry girl. Sucks!
this guy gets IT. RT “: You mean, "Oh no what's HAPPENING?" ”
Getting day drunk by myself before a reality show callback is the most prepared I've ever been for an audition.
Rain! Rain! Rain! =)
Many men die at twenty-five and aren't buried until they are seventy-five.
The pleasure was mine. Social networking will get you known.
Thanks for the info. I did confirm w/our Legal Dept & they did receive the email. Sent you a DM w/more details. ^CH
Gilroy scores her second goal for the #Gators. #UF leads #Northwestern 3-1 with just under 20 minutes left in 1st period.
Hahah you two are together aren't you... :P
so true. Learned alot since my two promotions in the past year. Very disappointing but better I know right?
RT There are two types of employees, those you throw a party for before they leave, and....
Love Ena & Maude. Thanks for all the ideas.
YOU GUYS SUCK.
Just saw that you had your baby. Congratulations!! :)
Jeff Conaway's death in May has been ruled an accident. Did anyone think otherwise?
"The loudest critique of was that it was not useful" - responded saying, "neither is ice cream"
See you there! RT who is ready ?!?! penmar park 5pm! Tomorrow&sunday
i like how Austin's bg is mostly of butts.
I LOVE THIS STERO I GOT !!!!!! :) jamming to Justin Bieber :)
great job you two.
haha! Im still on my couch!!! See ya tomorrow. Haha
Heat's a great answer, but how about this one as well: What rally?
Good Morning, #Chicago! Heading out for a quick lunch? Let us serve you up a bowl of hot soup or a cold salad to go with your sandwich
I'm actually living in NY
#NonExistentRecordsDay The London Philharmonic Presents: The Music of Crazy Town.
“: Hope it don't rain all night” Over by 7p...
I had a choice between buying the zombie tank or AAR's new cd I chose the tank. Still want the cd. Malls upset me. Remind me of our problems
Who does it right? Which celebs have a killer social media presence? -CS
Yeah. Borrowed a sit and stroll which should help, but still need a stroller too. Apparently is a schlep from hotel to conf. rooms.
who to follow
A lower center of gravity makes you able to make your way to the front. And airplane rides . . . . . .
#followmedylan please follow me! Your amazing!
Lots of people donating blood...THANK YOU! But we need more! Bucky Badger here in 45 minutes!
Keynote speaker at tonight's Goucher College Hillel Annual Meeting.
U.S. Stocks ended off their worst levels following news, Greece will receive another bailout payment; still closed in negative territory.
did you get your ham? lol I stood in line a couple of years ago and refuse to do it again! lol
Congratulations on the release of "Blindspots"! I am proud to be a contributor.
Be someones inspiration
Incestuous erotica of horror in movies like "Halloween" linked by Rana to "the future of race war."
Yeah! ": He is back. Broncos have agreed to terms with DT Justin bannan.”
I've seen the first 2 eps of X-rated Twilight. I say go w/ Boardwalk Empire. There more substance. It's truly stunning!
Do you have Instagram? follow us "jamheybastard" DO IT
Thanks for all the follow backs :) Shout us out and tell your friends to check us out and follow <3
AYE!!! Dis summer couldn't go faster can't wait to leave
at least they didn't blow a 20+ lead like Memphis #moralvictories but the Lakers still down two in the series lmao
I used to be a tree surgeon until, one day, I fell out of a patient
Awesome picture! Thanks for sharing Patrick! RT my first trip with great service!
One doesn't discover new lands without consenting to loose sight of the shore for a very long time. A.G.
I think Canada just wants us American's to be punished. No servers yet again.. #BF3 /:
Lakers needin a new coach. He needs to respect his starters. Bynum needs to back hand him
Begin to see yourself as a soul with a body rather than a body with a soul. -Wayne Dyer
...end of September for a few nights. I HOPE. No hurries...just planning ahead. And day dreaming.
One of the big things #TheHelp misses is the threat of sexual (&racial) violence domestics face on the job. Even now. See #DSK case.
How do u like it?
Fear of Friday the 13th is called friggatriskaidekaphobia. I wonder if there's a fear for words you can't pronounce?
The Yanks, Sox, Jays and Marlins will certainly tell you that solid closers are needed. I prefer to flip them for better parts.
It might hurt to lose people, but maybe they just weren't supposed to stay.
There is no saying no to Q and Miss Moneypenny.
u know wht sucks
My pleasure Nicole!
i sometimes have #socialmedia guilt. will focus on #facebook at expense of #twitter and then feel guilty. #socialcheating?
You're welcome! Thanks for the great article!
any chance you can send over that job info for my buddy? Thanks man!
If you are a salty sweater, salty foods will be needed post exercise to replace lost sodium.
I miss u
HILARIOU TIME TODAY IN SCHOOL AND THE BUS!! :>)
Thanks for the RT :)
Thank you for following all
sometime try avocado on toast if you haven't already
once a major company leaves downtown it will result in making downtown a ghost town the train system will be for naught.
Okay let me go night night because i have this test at 8:30am . Smh :(
If I didnt have my son idk wat id dO .
Hi Marco Andretti I got a sweet vid of you flying in long beach california - pat ford*
RT Celebrate with me & girls at the Javits Center
definitely good #childhoodmemories! :))
aww thanks for the shoutout! you are thee best :)
We have some nasty freaky boys in Cass lol
hahaha just trying to get a rise outta ya thats all :) *ducks and fires nerf crossbow*
Sweet, trailer of Brooke Whites California Song on AI tonight!
We only have a limited number of tickets for our show @ subterranean next week! This is a big show for us and we are too damn excited!
after painting for the afternoon, i realize that i am a level two drawer and a level one painter.
Hey, We've got my Birthday Party on Friday and a SHOW on the 30th @ Naked Lounge in Sac! Who's ready to party?
You can discuss the type of care that's needed. Is it long term elder care or just help while recovering from an injury or hospital stay
How good do the #Chargers look right now? They could be a dangerous team down the stretch.
But I live tweeted my party so you could feel like you were there!
Oh California Sun, oh how I love you and loathe you at the same time. I shouldn't burn but I do....
Anybody want a peanut?
Thanks for the RT!
Nah, I need to get some cupcakes today and get a photo with a few on my head.
RT: if i get to 25k followers by friday... the beastie boys mixtape come out. only need 120 to reach it... so... :)
FULL TANK! Yes! Thank you mom and dad.
its well deserved for the MC
work of art you could be my masterpiece, but you fast asleep
Jillians is OPEN and we have power! Back Bayers, get out of the dark and come have lunch! Spend $10 on lunch & get a free game of bowling!
ROWDY RODDY PIPER! He touched my face!
i needs a hair cut
RIP Americans Elect. You'll be missed by no one, but say hello to David Broder in both sides are equally to blame purgatory.
feel free to do mine too
girl problems :P lol
One of the old Onion editors had a great line: Jesus saves, but God invests.
's new name is "Metta World Pants"
can i put a application in
Got pulled pork smoking away. Smells so good. Been cooking since last night about 8:30
Thank YOU for featuring us! Any questions? We love that you get our puns/double entendres and came up with your own. Stay strong.
Brain radio just switched from "Zip A Dee Doo Dah" to the opening theme from The Rite of Spring. What is wrong with me?!
Hey Earl Hit em
Hope everyone is having a GREAT weekend! Posted 126 new photos for the VIP's of my website & now its time for me to go play! See ya Monday!
When is going to can that ass Johnny Douchebag Miller - today`s gaffe was saying was like "watching paint dry".
I heard your going to the springle ball, is that true? And how do you perform in big crowds? oh and thanks for following<3
might b gay.
Tell a bitch to read between the lines, and she act like Fantasia
No beer for you? that makes us sad!
Hi friend! watch on my website littleliars(dot)org,latest Pretty Little Liars se2 episodes online,free access!100%
Perplexed by coconut water.
shut up steve lol
I hear someone calling for us
like you guys that would do that for her! Sorry I couldn't have stayed longer. Love ya too Annely! Hope y'all made some money!
using&saving (:
I would rather fight with you than make love to anyone else.
Anne Vitiello: Mothers Who Were Children of Divorce: Contemporary divorced mothers -- whether single, remarried or blending families ...
word. why isn't anyone telling him to wrap it up? RT: I can't get with the newer DMX stuff. Real sloppy, unmotivated sounding.
Had a great meeting with the folks Starting to think of how to use their mobile tech for elearning. Some cool ideas
I remember having a library card that looked like that. Thanks for sharing.
Day off to re-charge my batteries is exactly what I needed - especially with an ultramarathon tomorrow.
get up early! Lol
Best use of 2 hrs: Biennial, Renior & full-length painting or Deco ?
If I buy the new Droid 2, do you know how long it would take to actually receive it?
#jhumda Hi everyone! Happy Saturday night!
That phone call I just got from >> Lmfao
- I wish I could put some of the stuff I have up...
A friend of mine is moving to town to teach at MICA. She doesn't know many folks there; may I put her in touch with you?
RT Our first 100 followers will receive a special coupon good for any of our services! Please follow & RT!
can I help me get more followers?
RT : We've got 4 pairs of tix to the Maymont Flower & Garden show to give away! RT to enter. Winner chosen at 2pm.
chillin on it, hate I miss trade day and it was on my bday
i was flying from LA to Miami on Sunday, and my plane got struck by lightning. the pilot tried to say otherwise, but I saw..
Download #Stronger or gift it! Keep it on top of !
Small fire at Skywalker ranch with little damage, says recent report. Luke used the Force
Breathing is just a rhythm.
have a great wk. A fan for sure.
In hell
Like a champion. I told my girl at the airport Salt Like Taco stand to be ready for you.
u r my bff :D
January 1 2012. I woke up to someone whispering in my ear "I love you"
heading out to the Office supply store early this morning to buy a stupid network cable. Just what I love to do !
Having a #proudfamily moment with
Just left a fantastic voice lesson. My voice coach is beyond awesome.
Where can I check Em Out at Bro
Yes you can. All your 1st year experiences can be compared and contrasted with the book to make your case.
Whats for Dinner Tonight? I hope it's healthy! We have a goal!
If it was MySpace, maybe. MT Am I the only one amused Mark Zuckerberg has a twitter account? Probably but u do see the irony right?
The folks who have accomplished the least in their lives are the most likely to give unsolicited advice...
Thanks for the mention InfoPay. Have a great weekend.
He shall cover you with His feathers. We thank you Lord for divine protection everyday. Be Encouraged!
A question mark.
literally the best show on tv. Every single character is beautiful
#TerrificThursday have a good day :)
Commenter: differences between L, A, and M are in our heads. That's where the change needs to happen.
I just dont want the other Chicago gals jealous that I got your boogie
No I'm on 7mile right now
Key West. Poker Run this weekend, we will be there.
Why guys with light eyes So damn cocky? It makes them less attractive. I like them humble...
Top: Ed Wood, Beetlejuice, Batman. Bottom: Dark Shadows, Apes, Chocolate Factory MT top & bottom Burton films?
Testing, Testing..........This is a test of the emergency tweet service. Whoop Whoop!!!
Home...bored...probably go to my boys house and play games till I get bored. Then I'll need something else to do. :-(
Seeking: Software Developer NYC trading firm, write high performance computing libraries and applications to operate massive data sets. C++…
I wish I was with you instead of pulling my hair out at my computer.
#wilsonphillips has a reality show????? oh HELL to the YES!! please let it be called "hold on for one more day".
Good morning, everyone! Happy Friday!
Don't knock the hustle.
I've Been Down Before by Loren Francis
Thank you so much for sharing tweet!
What are you doing tomorrow? Interested in hitting up a museum?
So tired.
maybe you should just make out with the girl yourself. everyone will be better off.
And when all else fails, i just get high.
So funny A lady saw me in a store and yelled "hey isn't that the loofah lady? i got very strange looks as in a huge question mark lingered
Lady, you are not amusing, this is not stand up comedy, shut up already!
I hope there are mimosas at this brunch...
Yes, we need a little isthmus! So many months we waited. The army told us this must, be better than Grenada! No more peaceful coexistence!
Looking forward to some of the Dbacks staff speaking at SBA tomorrow. Hoping to collaborate with the All-Star Game
I didn't realize how much I needed in my life until it was absent from my life for 2 months.
You can suck a dick or you can suck on a ball sack
Looking forward to working on some exciting projects with #LAnet integrating #technology with
#What2ChainzWouldSay no hang time, amare braids, boosie cut, bald fade, allen iverson ,not paid, lebron's hairline, FADE AWWWWWAAAAAAYYYYYYY
Help us reach our goal of 100 followers! Qponomics is a coupon book app rep'n Sacramento. Free download saves u $ at local stores!
Chicago is cursed...i tell you...cursed....
# gig downtown today.
Who will spy on the spidermen?
Check this account t out the next time you hurt someone else.
Would love to listen to Mr. T without the annoying Eric Byrnes. Just can't take his jock-dufus persona.
Sounds like Dr. Paul isn't dropping out, but rather being realistic with only primaries and no caucuses left on the slate.
what? i'm in class and the girl next to me was reading it too...we're so confused
Encore performance by 4OURTH STREET tonight at 6:30pm
Hot and humid over here!
11/11/11 Thanks, to all Veterans & active service men & women, come enjoy a free drink of your choice and 20% off <3
you didn't invite me on Facebook. Also I gotta Check with husbands work schedule Friday night
Damn! Was really looking forward to hold out stories! MT : Patriots Wes Welker has signed franchise tender, per ”
Crazy humid out here.
it's great on elbows
you pumped to get back to the PNW?
#20ThingsAboutMe i love racing and watching them
Attempted to excavate my desk and instead ended up in research heaven (or hell), depending on how you look at it.
SO jealous! YUMMY! Wish i could afford;)
I hope everybody enjoyed their Thanksgiving day! Now it's time to get ready for Black Friday!
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone. ~ Dorothy Parker
"Aunt Jamie, these chips will make your leg feel better." -Cute Nephew Logic
I need 4 of me today. TOO. BUSY.
I don't get along with most people because i hate everyone and your all assholes <3
my gay husband reports my new methead neighbor is best known for faking cancer, leaving her children & not paying artists from her gallery
girl I'm like God is speak directly to me. Amazing
he owns all the corner stores in town hehehe
"Play the music, not the instrument." ~Unknown
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]<U+2661>5
Manning Street Capital, a third-party litigation financer, launches a new website @ www.manningstreetcapital.com
You’ll re-read this one: You, Inc.: The Art of Selling Yourself by Harry Beckwith and Christine Clifford
Was going to tell you at practice today, but Buck isn't having class tomorrow.
Completely lost for words. RIP Ms. Masson
Oh my goodness, Sean. I doubt she even remembers...
SB may be a loyal servant,but the church's inability to show compassion, humility, christianity respect for women is destroying it
column column column. column column column. column column column. (to be sung to the Mario tune). Very motivational for writing.
me too
now watch, you gone end up gettin a job in the real world where you gotta get up at like 5:30 lolol
About to get in this gym tonight! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
MUSICIANS! This is the best, truest, quirkiest video I have seen in years about the music biz. Cracker takes on so funny
Steve Nash going to the Heat = Unfair lol
"I love prince!" do you know he's from here? "that's beautiful!" #what?
Wonderful practice last night. A big thank you to Aline for stopping by, and jamming with us!
I had a cracker for breakfast and a glass of water for lunch.
Went and got a phone screen protector and he put a black one on my phone. seriously dude who want their screen to be dark.
Culture critic
Ideed! Happy birthday, !
Everything I learned about life was from the movie Stripes. Timbers can get it going with a trip to Czechoslovakia.
We didn't inherit the land from our fathers
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! I love you & hope it's wonderful!
Got my phone taken away. Fml
So I'm back to using Debian. Feels good.
RT : Seahawks defeat the Chicago Bears 38-14 to move to 7-7 on the season. The Seahawks are now 5-1 in the past six games. Awesome
Why!!!! Does it have 2 go on commercial everytime sum1 performs thn play sum commercials ugh!!!
saw the RT from pretty cool!
Amazing. excited to see your blogs about the trip!
Colder weather plus rain equals vanilla chai tea...snickerdoodles...a warm blanket and snuggling...wth is everyone so friggin
seriously, your tweets make me lol every time. glad for the loophole, keep em coming!
yikes. call dss i imagine.
I Missed you! Hope your feeling better. c: Loving the picture by the way.
& : Thank you all for following!
When asked"What do you want?" do you answer with what you want? Or do what others do and answer with what they think they can have?
#20ThingsAboutMe I hate liars
get a Xbox please
Playing the new black eyed peas game lol !!!!! ImaBee
this Atlanta #hawks crowd is the quietest playoff crowd that ive ever seen!!
All lies will eventually surface, just as karma will always come back around.
I'm back in time :) Just waiting for my ballot...Chicago Mail (shakes fist)
Happy Easter (:
thx for the follow. i look fwd to your tweets.
Woot! Now you'll just float on by (like a leaf in the wind).
#ThisSummerImTryna go to L.A. And party party party !!!
The smell of freshly cut grass >>>
Lmao funny stuff happening in Locker Room lol
You're most welcome.
Expedia should rank hotels by upstream bandwidth.
It just fell on top of me! Better my hand than my face, though. My car hates me.
Yeah well, I'm holding you accountable if not.
Definitions in living. 1. Agency: "i ain't got no other day than today to make today the best day today can be." - TTW
I didn't realize pat benatar was jewish. I thought she was italian. For u young folks she was a really famous singer in the 80s. Fab voice!
Hi, Nancy, I'd love a galley of Episodes if you still have one to spare. Sounds great! --KT
Hey, that stings a little. But only a little.
thanks for the follow! Good luck Down Under!
Lmao! I've always thought this.
Visiting family is always nice - especially when you're on you way back home ;)
And we have beer!
Now I'm jealous! Love to see some proofs.
“: They say you only fall in love once, but that's not true; because every time I see you, I fall in love all over again.”
And I'm finally picking up my Nixon 51-30!
Are the dodgers going to succeed this season or another heart break?
Our co-founders and are teaching a cool film class for nonprofits today. Sign up for next month's soon!
Why is she askin all dem questions
Hey, let Crown The Empire play 2012 Warped Tour! :D
More EP work today \m/
I'm hurt. I like Jazzy fizzle better now!!!!<\3
Whomp There It Is!!! Whomp There It Is!!! When is Tag Team gonna represent the Cats??
Thanks for "you've been hacked" notifications. Apologies. Sordid intrigue/backstabbing fakes vanquished.
what if you pick a bot follower, or worse, a spam follower?
haha...its weird that went out. Not sure what I did to make that happen other than transferring my URL to new server. Hm...
I seriously love coming across people with AMAZING voices on youtube. screw all those irrelevant celebrities.
RT : Best thing about this weekend is: BREWERS!
Errors & omissions in the CODATA are not a matter of opinion, rather simple facts of math & algebra. Science means your correct errors.
My drawing came out like a little kidd drew it xP
LOL yeah then no :).
Sure I remember you! Critique forthcoming.
The best part about writing a blog dedicated to things that make you happy is realizing you don't have time to write about all of them.
Where did this NKOTB song come from and why is it stuck in my head?!?
Don't wanna go to work
WELCOME, SUMMER. I'VE BEEN WAITING SO LONG FOR YOU TO GET HERE. HAPPY GRADUATION GUYS XX
no matter where you go, or what you do: there you are.
And the entire #Indiana hoops team is in the CNN HQ today! #Sweet16 #Kentucky Wildcats, where are you?
Team no hangover
RT : Enter to win the blockbuster hit Fujifilm X10 or $100 Adorama gift cards with your landscape photo! Full details:...
I've seen many essays come back red penned. Or with "they're applying for the wrong program." That sort of thing.
And I'm up like morning wood. Workout time. #Brewers #OpeningDayCountdown 5 days
Moneyball is an excellent film. Highly recommend you check it out!
Doors open @ 7 downstairs & show @ 8!!! So we can prob get down there to secure Spot around 7:30?? And It's a sold out show 2!!!!
Do you manufacture/sell ear plugs? DM me to be part of an exciting opportunity in education, prevention, & collegiate sports!
So do the main stage bands for get announced at midnight local time or PST?
is this video online?
Thanks for this morning's delivery. Happy Friday and have a great weekend. U R Appreciated!
u guys still at Currant?
Shout out to for not saying hi- cause she was with some studd muffin
I see from your profile that you are a Writer &Lover of literature. Who is your favorite living writer.
only idiots think that. U just wanna have a chance like Cal said. Even the yrs we were only decent with no chance was a blast
So where are you? In a session or sitting somewhere?
Digging through 2010 receipts - Are you excited for tax season? ;)
RT : I gotta go to my boring ass job :-( <- hey gotta eat
The way I sing, and these songs I write, they aren't me. I'm terrible, I'm in between.
shure...say all guys that i love him and miss him..;)
Hanging at AT &T White Lake 9278 Highland Rd., free concert tix and smartphone stuff 5p til 7!
I'll swing by the 's 40th birthday tonight. I'll also be at the 41st birthday at 's new west parking structure.
#NYC, you disappoint me. Two years I've lived here and not one celebrity sighting. Come and find me, famous people! Clock's ticking!
I think "Reena" is one of my favorites of their later years ... Sigh
2Days with no pop! :O
haha, ok. no squeezing. afterward, I will leisurely pick it up. after I space out for a week or so.
this summer you both need to work out with me because i have to for track
ABRAHAM LINCOLN: ZOMBIE HUNTER IS REAL. REALLY REAL. IT'S ON THE NEXT LEVEL. NO, NOT THAT LEVEL, THE NEXT ONE AFTER THAT, Y'ALL.
ugh, it sucks.
Definition of "hard-working" (or "crazy" ): Being the only one left in the building on a Friday afternoon when its pouring rain outside.
I know! The frenzy of the end of a school year seems to spill over into hurry-up PD.
Don't think I could eat bacon flavored ice cream : It's the maple bacon for me, I think! Now THAT sounds divine!! ;-)
Who needs to win a million when you can make 2 million
Enjoying sushi outside for lunch. This weather is so amazing!! So ready for spring!
: Support limited govt. HR 2366, TX Rep. Barton's Online #Poker Act: $$$ for #deficit w/o raising taxes.
at Madison bowl having a ball!
Wheew! Thanks for all of the support to make a phenomenal print sale! Big thanks to for coming out. LOVE those polenta fries!
Hey, can you find us a spot to eat before you take off. Some of the guys are hungry. Thanks.
Agreed. Don't know who has the comms responsibility for publicizing zerista. Probably
RT : Let's not absolve the parent/coach/player development complex completely..[agreed]
Someone do my sga essay for me :(
even though you've taken on a complex issue, you've made many Americans proud today!! this is REAL leadership!
We put the over-under on opening weekend box office receipts at $102M.
I wanna cry so bad ..
I am reading it! it's very helpful.Thank you for the wonderful book!
Not only does it sound fun, it IS fun. Plus you meet your goals. Not too bad if you ask us (but we're admittedly biased)
Hope your having fun on tour heard about the news, proud of you son
Welcome to NM! RT A massive duststorm just hit visability is low im still a couple of miles from it
#chicultural2012 Ensure vibrant cultural space for artists, cultural groups and nhoods
lol I don't watch glee
frequently discussed on sports talk radio. fans can't afford official merch. so they buy knock-offs w/ colors off, bad logos etc.
Music samples got a little wonky there during the Amazon/Bond story. Whoops!
That's whats up! That's how we do in 505!
Sturday morning with nothing to do where is
Our most sincere thank you to those who have served and continue to serve our country. America was built on sacrifice, may we never forget.
Does CBS/NYT poll have right bias? i would not have thought so
same to you love!
Are you still looking for PR Work?
I luv u let's d8
Real Recognize Real But IDONT RECOLLECT YA !!
Go find a band aid.
#VSCPA Just finished blog post on emotional intelligence for VSCPA blog. Looking forward to Leader's Summit next week!
All I see is Bieber Tourways on the back of a bus but then I see on the side of the bus Carl R. Bieber Tourways. It's still funny though :P
3 more innings...c'mon Detroit
WTF SINCE WHEN WERE YOU THERE #jealous i love you bye
oh I'm working on the awesomeness. Thanks for sharing with me =) You seemed to have plenty to spare ; )
Love u <U+2665>
where's ur son going.. Weren't you guys looking to move soon?
Im just trying to finish this up by this weekend so that I wont have to worry about it next week
RT It's only Wednesday.
with USC servers somewhere on the bottom of the sea, thank god we could we could reach through the rain to the cloud
I hear running. I'm not tellin' y'all again.
I shouldnt need to tell you but put out their first full length today! Go get it! RT RT
Listening to for #seniorday speech. Proud to be part of Class of 2012.
Follows Real-Time Climb of Everest in May iPad Edition
if only that show were accurate
#realfriends are everything :) they are truly, real
Lord RT : Note to the person I just unfollowed. Making rape jokes about a basketball game sucks. Rape is never an OK punchline.
She's played a Playboy bunny twice! And a tramp on #ItsAlwaysSunny. Poor girl.
I sometimes go to my own little world, but that's okay, they know me there.
“It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness
I think you need a update to use your switch XD
Never Forget Today
me too :) i don't quite know how to assess their conversation growth tho. seems 2 me it's deeper.
It's that time of the night where everything is funny for no reason. I really should go to bed but I have too much crap to do.
The heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others. The Wizard of Oz
& yo hoe is ah pro Fuck every Nigga she know you love her dirty drawls so you can't let her goo..
Trivia Tuesday: What is the goal for this year's community-wide #OpFeed campaign? Give us your guess (in meals). 1st correct answer gets RT
More thank yous to for RTs! Much appreciated.
Good luck with the 5k on Sunday! Hoping for a big turnout.
Many adoptees are haunted by questions concerning their birth that last a lifetime and can influence their adult relationships.
When Billy Crystal said 'Harry Potter' did you get the feeling that he might have been uncredited as Dobby? Just me? Really?
I'm 400 words from my 1k goal. Fingers, don't fail me now....
hey girl nothing working
Watching on TheView... hilarious as always!
I have to say, the best investment I have ever made was attending school, it continues to pay dividends!
thanks doll. How's life on your end?
just me. The Godfather is getting old. Need coffee soon. Text me when you go down. 5182603131
Wish this didn't upset me so much
FOLLOW BACK
: Love the #Goonies - great choice. Tonight, I am catching up on #Ringer via streaming video. My new fave show!
gym then off to work i go ..are you not in SD?
We bet ya didn’t know - Ireland's national symbol is actually the Celtic Harp. (Not the shamrock.) Spread the word.
I got 10 Euros in my wallet.
Some men are born to greatness. Some have greatness thrust upon them. Me? I like Burgers!!
She really thinks she's bad -_-
The habit of writing begins with establishing the habit of beginning the writing. Start with that, and you'll be pleased with the results!
Check out our NEW menu of the season! www.labelseven.com
outside everywhere !! i haven't been wit ky a lot..maybe thats why i haven't seen u :-/ we needa chill sometime thooo
Slobogin: Also, maybe proportional according to severity of crime, but that's a HUGE nightmare.
thank you so much! Thanks for ur kindness & support. That was AWESOME! God Bless & continued success!
I'm usually not like this,but people can be real douches, just because she doesnt like you doesn't mean you have to make her life miserable.
I have one thing to say to you. "Run Forrest, run!"
#10CommandmentsOfAnAfrican Thou shall not talk back to their parents or they will get beatdown. Period
If intentionally walking Konerko to get to Dunn doesn't get him to hit I don't know what will
TimeTo Wake Up!!!
I hate feeling depressed over something I didn't do that I wanted to do so badly. I feel as if life told me that I sucked.
I think I like him cause he does what he wants and acts like he could care less about all the hoopla!
Best.Day.Ever.<3 With the Family and Boyfriend tomorrow(:
What it do
Here we goo
Thanks for the mention #AlexanderInt FYNDecor
when you hittin up ?
haha did katelyns head get any better lmao poor us
That's just wrong. Emo is mad!
you're weird.
plz follow me if you do i will be there for you i will remember you,dream of you every night and i will pray for you
There are some causes that I'll NEVER get behind, no matter what anyone says. One such example? "SAVE THE BEES!" Hell. No.
Maintenance still available? Never know what could come up
have u dome a baby shower ??? cuz if u havent kingdom sound entertainment will love to help u on uss..
We should talk about that because my brother has Diabetes and its hard for me to let him live his life when our mom died of it.
That terrible feeling when you realize you just sent an email with the word "shat" instead of "what" in it....
“: “I get knocked down, but I get up again. You’re never going to keep me down.” --Chumbawamba”
feelin better took a walk
Post-acquisition, I now work for RoundarchIsobar. I can't wait to tour the company headquarters in Tlön.
You know you're hungry when 's photo tweets make you drool!
We shd. Im around this sat n tomorrow aft
I keep confusing CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) and CCS (Cooperative Computer Services). Does this make me a bad person?
Do I lose nerd-cred if I tell the internets I've never seen Alien? If it makes any difference, I am changing that now.
Slowly realizing that I'm no longer the young buck at work anymore. Not sure if I should feel sad about this.
Man Lefty is not doing good on the opening round. Bounce back Phil!
#Follow for
oh my god could you imagine what would happen if she saw it...
gimmie something tough to spell, that's easy.
We’re always amazed by the tamale love in #PDX. Delivering our pride and joy to today- Enjoy & Feliz Cinco de Mayo!
I walk my shit, & did that shit what about u?
Riverbend Music Center in Cincinnati, Ohio -August 9th. A little later than usual but it's summer tradition. #cantwait Who's in?
": #ItsTimeForYouToRealize you smell like shit.." Omg, who does this remind you of?
Thanks a lot for your hit back! Cheers!
Well, it's supposed to be 106 today...that's hot even for us! Still better off than those up north, though...lower humidity today.
Im Glad I Don't NEED make up (: I just Choose To Put Some On My Face ^_^
whoa indeed
We are getting ready to go get our inauguration tickets from Senator Brownback's office.
for now, Dick Clark... so long. RIP
IDK, they seem to nervously laugh some things off. Maybe it's just me lol
Of course NCAA is looking at Nerlens. Why wouldn't they! He re-classified!
I absolutely hate summer book reports!!
life sucks.
My guy is a little horny, but aren't a lot of guys horny?!?!
I'm addicted to The Secret Life of an American Teenager. #ohwell. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
not ok... yashita is fine... ys??
I believe in a long, prolonged, derangement of the senses in order to obtain the unknown. - Jim Morrison
Baseball, trout fishing, turkey hunts. I dig April!
I live in the midwest
super awkward naked retarded man.
We have the show tickets in our hands! Contact us and get them in yours!
#Columbus innovator list wouldn't be complete without , Brooke Paul and the guys who started Founders Factory...
#NHL Commish on talking bout fighting being just a SMALL part of the game. Fighting is the ONLY reason to watch! Lol!
That is great! A little claustrophobic....but lot's to look at while waiting... :)
Super useful day updating online profiles. Plus I taught someone that iPhones connect to iTunes.
no and no
careful, you broke your internet the last time you were so awesome!!!
OMFG! I love the substitute that I had for science. She gave us the answers to our homework! :O
In less than 48hrs The Rob Michaels Band will be rockin' the HOB... will you be there??? It's a guaranteed amazing time!
You could devote some time to the heart warming, crime fighting, bounce passing antics of Our Hero.
SUMMER IS HERE & IT'S HOT AT LENNAR! Select homes come w/pool pkg or upto $20k in options + up to 10k in clsg costs
Nature fits all her children with something to do, He who would #write and can't write, can surely
eh... Less dishes to wash. I can dig it
thanks Kevin!
Listening to my students talk about the LAN parties they had over break I am convinced they are the real embodiment of the Big Bang Theory.
If you're leaving #cildc via metro pleas stand the right on the escalators. The DC commuters will thank you :),
Just witnessed a guy hitting his dog, and the dog jumping back all scared. all because it barked. What can you do? It is a dog.
I wasn't 100% confident about my decision to go with until I discovered uses it. I'm sold now.
Gorgeous pic, loving it. Have a beautiful week. :)
Can't wait to munch on a #SanDiego style burger with everyone from at !
mad of what?? Of not having an ass?? Nahh if I dont have an ass how can I DEFECATE?? U do the math!go back to school boy lol
I'll have to check it out. Thanks.
Paradox of multiple choices: answers may differ due to variety of perspectives but only one answer gets credits in
Thanks IBM for adding #JCDL2012 to your events
you are mighty delusional, mighty mighty.
Your mind is a question answering machine.
#FF <<My Friend on the other End!
For the record I dont take advice from ANYbody who rockin Shaq's or BK's. No way! haha
Brrr…. Rather envious of the team at
So is fb a way for people to discuss their problems ?
yayyyy! Text me back :D
At our #sxsw party? Tweet in , check in or snap a pic on with #sxswmpress 4 our event photoblog!
Too all whom have had a Reading from me or taken a Tarot class! I need Testimonials for my new websites!! thanx in advance, Rick
guess who passed his online class with a high D ;D (67%)
That could be considerate hint
Haha fuck you C Miles ! Nd already my Big Booty Diva got my bak ; )
a u rap too i seen that shit on worldstar
It was an epic sundae mashup, even on a rainy day. - I can't wait for summer!
Feel good this morning! I ran my 7 miles.
Wohoo! Can't' wait! ": Only 50 days till the 46th Annual Saint Patrick's Day Parade. Let's make it the best one yet!"
you know im the only one right now who could see that tweet
Thank you !
Paybacks a motherfucker
great pics john!
Crazy! Our bassist can't play this show, so we have a fill in. I hope we still play our best! :)
Tis the season for weight loss! If you are serious about changing your life, like I am in 2011, reach out to me! Let's team up!
We just found some knives hiding away.... decided to put them on clearance. Come on in for some discounted Shun and Wusthof!
would you get turned on or offended if chris brown punched you in the face?
wit my and luvin this Chuck tribute....XII lounge
Whats in your glass this glorious Sunday?
first take in a thoroughly reported feature by Yahoo! Sports one of the Tebow critics is Denver Broncos quarterback Brady Quinn
~wish I was there...my luv to #ereexpo!
Self confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings. --Samuel Johnson
Santorum Oozes Out. Of the race.
nice. I was playing words with friends and tweaking my phone till about 2am lol. Why am I up this early?!
it was SO fun! I just walked it, but had a blast playing with the colors. Wear comfy shoes, i recommend sunglasses. And HAVE FUN!
If your lawyer has a ponytail you're going to prison
Glad you enjoyed the Saga Blue Cheese recommendation! How did you use the cheese, what type of recipe?
it was indeed :3
#FF Our tweeters in the stores: , , ,
Great blog!
Zero Dialect at Twist in Metry tonite!
damn I'm early as hell in this uncharted territory.
Please dont let it be true that Whitney just died!
visit Donna today!!!
WHL Finals Game 3 about to begin. We'll have highlights/reactions tonight at 10/11/Sports Sunday.
What's your go to track to get you through a rough day?
Order is Restored on &#39;Dancing with the (Injured) Stars&#39;
Will you tell me what's it's like when you find the gold at the end of the rainbow?
I remember vividly the day I completely forgot who Rick Santorum was.
Appreciated and endorsement reciprocated. I/we definitely feel like you are doing the right thing in this industry.
We Love You!!
Remember, she broke your heart. You have no reason to feel guilty.
This game leaves much to be desired. Indiana would've at least hit shots and offered a challenge
Not received.. please resend.. thanks a bunch, hope to work with you on this project.
I'm really anxious to see what's going to happen in #FallingSkies!!! so excited! :)
add me on facebook.com/toninkajj or i on there most of the time.
If told me happy birthday, I'd definitely cry.
Just made breakfast .. Finna head to school in a sec #GrownMan$hit
Not too terrible. I'm more of an Ego guy myself, though, I've been boycotting Smart Parts for years.
the wire from my braces is cutting my cheek <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Thanks for giving us a try! Enjoy it!
Daily News
Great weather today in #Pittsburgh! What projects are you working on today?
Thanks. The comments are a mess, though, all about whether Chinese has one 3rd-sing pronoun (speech) or 2 (writing)
That was measured at 425 feet yet his blast in Detroit was only 422. Cleveland is better at math than Detroit.
It's between Beilein and Izzo I'd say
What to make of Allen Craig's last 350 MLB ABs ('11 and '12)??
Answered my own question haha Good shit man.
Supposing I wanted to buy some passionfruit (Maracuja) to make caipiroskas, where might I find some in Baltimore?
you definitely aren't the only one
So I'm browsing a dating site while I eat a plate full of mini tacos.
- why special attention for this festival and not others? trains should run this late every weekend.
Ready 2 get weed drunk lmao
looking forward to your big news on tonight's
and LOVING it! Simply an amazing night of music! Color me IMPRESSED!!!!!!!!!
Hold the phone...Tim Tebow was allowed to choose the team he'd get traded to and he picked the JETS??
Good afternoon I was wondering if you and I could talk about one of my bball players?
K good. Play the 1500 re entry with me so we can swap ;)
Going to hit up NorthPoint to get some clothes for Florida!
#IfOnlyAlexKnew how much it would mean if he followed me <3
Burger King CEO, Bernardo Hees speaking on leadership at FIU.
bitches never learn
au contraire, I loved Clyde, Akeem and PSJ, but I still think there were more combined dunks tonight
yeah the Ravens do it sometimes too. It's really annoying though as a fan
Glad you put us number 1! Thx for your support/
Hey RT : howdy
Come in to U-Swirl next time you are bored!
Let go of the notion that you must grasp for or struggle to attain happiness, and simply let it be. (So True)
Haha, if I was buying it I would have bought you one though. Since your birthday is the day before the concert!
Sure can! Let us know!
No memos and no phone calls. I promise!
it's all good! As long as you keep makin music and doing good I'm all for ya man! I'm doing great you?!
awwwe<3 more please i love personal imagines!:)
That is such great news. Congrats! Another one of my #fertility patients is #pregnant! Woo!
Thanks - I will check into that for my client too!
I'd like to say thanks to the survey respondent who pointed out all the ways my survey didn't ask the "right" question. You're awesome.
If I could identify one core problem about the world it's that we have been taught to distrust ourselves.
Is Perkins fully healthy?
I don't care what Apple does with iTunes in the cloud, or getting a music invite. 's Cloud Player does exactly what I wanted.
already on my way. for realz.
It is time to get out there and teach a few classes, swim and run, yeah Tuesday!
Why is it that when wrestlers are watching other matches backstage they sit so close to the television?
burritos again please!
Listening to Liz's Found Sound and thinking how cool it is that is a new sponsor!
call me
Well said. Hope it continues. I believe we're seeing the Kris Joseph who realizes he can get 20 points and Dion being Dion.
sorry nic I thought that was a twitter thang too... It's just a smiley face! :) Thanks for replying to my randomness!
exceptional Sunday!
Thanks for the new follows:
She said he said. "Shipping from China is getting more expensive for the hair, we have to raise prices, it not our fault"
ya meat told me im gone hit yall up n see wats up all of us pose to b chillin at my room bfor prom
How can people say "love is a lie" when my feelings for you are so true?
One day, if my voice magically changes, then I want to collab with And him ONLY. :)
Happy New Year! I have 26 attainable goals, long and short term, with specific action steps. I'm ready to conquer 2012. You?
First game tomorrow...I'M SO SCARED!!! :(
Fear less, hope more, eat less, chew more, whine less, breathe more, hate less, love more, and good things will be yours. Swedish Proverb
is it forr if you miss a lot of days or something ?
my brother got a dog from Leader Dogs, a black lab. Puppy Raisers are wonderful!
Whitney was too young to go. Stunningly sad. I can't believe I'll never hear her voice again.
Thanks for the follow and supporting #CashMob. Hope to see you at our next one, April 21st!
Training for Ent employees today for Quick Gym's Exercise at Work program. Just walk down and get-r-done www.quickgymcs.com
amazing!! It will be incredible.
Oh crap way to put me on the spot!
Let's pretend its 11:11 right now were I live, So all I wish is that you follow me ? P L E A S E
Fly like a bird sting like a scorpio
Off to Ferryville Wisconsin to help dedicate a memorial for former governor
Land shark= a shark...thats on land.
Willis: interesting typography in silent cinema: college chums (Porter, 07), Anemic Cinema (Duchamp, 24) and Blood of a Poet (Cocteau, 30)
#FF shot the sheriff but didn't shoot no deputy.
taking a time out in BARCELONA!!!
-- It's never a good idea to abandon pitchers with top-15 potential in May ...
yea you right..
Take a cold shower, brush your teeth and we'll see you tonight 7PM
stop by the Sephora Pantone pop-up in the Meatpacking District starting next Thursday and check out the product in person!
are you playing basketball dis year?
Grateful for another day to rise & grind. Let's write a dope story on page 117 of 366.
Hannah Montana Forever? How does Twitter know what goes on in Hell?
... that to which he is accustomed.
Exactly. I got way better information and insight from today's Twitter feeds, and from my own observations.
weeds fear
I'm pretty sure my morning #Starbucks had pixie dust in it already. That's some good stuff.
Be U Barbershop...a hidden Milwaukee gem!
I just sent you an email not clean no more :P
Hey! Doing great. Moved to Atlanta for a job at Emory and doing tons of improv. How are you?
The way to get to the top is to get off your bottom.
Shot out to the GREATEST producer breathing!!! My Squad is JTP!!! And we Win!!! Follow JoWayne219star
We support #letphilplay. Oh, and listen to our podcast Madison sports fans!
Lifes a bitch, but if you pimp her you might smile.
#sometimesigetsickof Nickelback and Creed. Oh wait. That's all the time.
Glad you loved the #LD page. Have a great weekend!
6 year old girl's soccer. Gotta love it!! Fridah is a beast!!!!
My sister bought some organic treats for her cat. Her cat snubbed them. My parents' cats snubbed them. My cat LOVES them! :)
Just in time for WNBA! : All I have to do is get there 1 class and I am a semi free woman for the next 3 months.
Apparently, someone in my apartment building has taken up the portable jackhammer as a musical instrument. So that's cool.
Yup! From home! Neat eh?!
just checking in... live feed not up yet...
Congrats!!! and i think some happiness is in order, happy early Birthday Be safe Enjoy your iPhone <3
You don't go out of bounds there? Really? What a bonehead move. Lynch goes out of bounds there.
I cannot wait to wake up and eat an entire pack of bacon.....and maybe an egg or two
“: Kate Winslet is one of the most beautiful human beings God has blessed the world with! <3 #RT”
My hips dont swivel & Im unnaturally awkward So I was amazed 2 find that Tribal Energy Cardio wrkout didnt make me feel like a bumbling fool
Yeah they do ticket on sundays.
nothing to complain about. just had dinner with family and now watching law and order. many blessing to u all. hugs!!!
You should propose one! I know I'd be up for a good kick-around. [Charlie]
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you<U+2665> 12
He most certainly is
Tripping Dad Shatters Alabama’s Championship Trophy
Starting an official countdown until my 21st birthday: #9 long days.
We would love to be a professional source or provide demonstrations for your subscribers in the future.
ain't that the truth Bro
Let me know how #nardigras goes.. I can't make it to #NewOrleans this year
saw me a real live honest to goodness fox in the middle of Henry Bacon Dr., N.W. on the bike ride in today. He was less happy to see me.
looks like it's sold out :(
I've seen this. I get sticking up for teammate but factually wrong to say he doesn't watch the games and only cares about stats.
"Fear is the mind killer."
crazy no?!
It was great chatting w/you today at Think Big Baltimore #tbb -hope we can work together again soon, on your show or mine!
I wanna email him but idk how to contact him
I'll do it, I'll do it.
The only thing I miss when I'm away from school is all the girls other than that I am not looking forward to going back Monday...
Leap Day! It's 2/29 so we are having $2.29 Miller Light bottles and $2.29 Frog Leg Appetizers 2night only. Leap on down here.
Colors greatly affect
The beat you produced features two chicago heavy hitters...wait til you hear it
fyi it's not Nova
Glad to hear you enjoy our bars. :) RT: Sunbelt granola bars #FOODGASM hahaha
hope 2012 is better than 2011 because it really sucked
O MY GOD!! I just checked my bank accnt and a mystical $300 appeared in my Savings Acc. not to mention my $160 refund. Lets freakin go!
I just turned on tv and heard "astronomy lesson" what did I miss? Cmon the curiosity is torture
Got busted had to remove the pics!!
hey batch! Yes and no. Yes going out, no not to Lowell. I escaped Lowell #RememberThat? Lol
hope all is well! :)
We are honored to be nominated for Small Business of the Year!
"Man's witness of his own times dies with him." - Ken Light - Kids discussed how photography gives them a voice and a legacy.
Having one song a repeat
I don't know that "creepy" was what we were going for.... ;-)
you guys rocked! Killer sound and killer beards!
BlackBerry App World for PlayBook is built with the Air SDK
Misread "teens" as "trees." Thank goodness it's the weekend.
I don't like how skinny you are so I'm going to talk shit about your shoes and skirt
she dnt but tht dnt mean imma listen to her i love u n she ain't gonna stop me from loving u
Q3: There needs to be an environment of team, with a head as appropriate!
You really think the wife had the choice here?
talking to the tv thinking what you saying is gonna change whats going on lol
Meetings are indispensable when you do not wish to do anything.
ill be too drunk. just kidding...but not really.
Lol, someone found a condom in their Texas History book in Moreno today... Only at Tom Browne, you will find a condom in a history book. xD
of course. Idk if your phones off of what. I texted you. My windows open.
Rick Astley! He's as close as it gets.
For death is no more than a turning of us over from time to eternity ~ William Penn
Damn! That is when I'll be away.
none have a guarantied meet and greet.
how the heck does that happen?
You breathe life into me…
you're TRENDING! :D #votedforaustin! [= <3
Hope has as many lives as a cat or a king. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
you guys gonna have the CJ girlfriend interview posted at some point?
very interested in those mailers
The best revenge is massive success. ~ Frank Sinatra
The worst part about having a driver's license and a car is when your parents guilt you into running errands for them.
Just tapped Chuckanut's Pilsner.
Our dogs do that too. So either they're all brain damaged, or its normal in dog world!
in 720p. This is far less.
Ready for a late night tonight? Join us from 11pm-1am for half off appetizers!
Andrew Luck
#PlansForTheSummer Hitting the lake beach and BBQing!
We're feeling a little Canada for breakfast today - the Mont Tremblant: Char-griddled Canadian Bacon, Egg, Maple Fromage Blanc.
holy fuc#'$ in coach red voice
That felt like the longest period….my nerves are shot at this point.
Thank you for the follow! That's quite an inspired name for a publication. I love it.
At last night's Community Planners Committee mtg, Led Zeppelin played as I walked in the room. I could get used to that :-) cc:
i know and they make him out to be a god like nothing ever happen
you making ne sound like a stalker I just saw York tweets on my twitter app geeze calm down.
thankful for you and all the things you've done for me!
So true!! Family and the ones you love are the only things that really matter.
Did you handle your DCTAG App yet?
In 4 hours, Austin>Salt Lake City>Seattle>Vancouver. #mustgetsomesleep #planestrains&automobiles
we need to hang out this summer. Party like the old days! ;D
Makes me feel young, although I can't do anything nearly as impressive as goal tend. But I make a mean ribeye.
"Impressive. Most impressive. Indeed you are powerful as the Emperor has foreseen!" - James Earl Jones (he got one too) ;)
Happy Birthday to Aaron Connolly!
You guys hear about Neil Armstrong? He found steroids on the moon
Happy mother's day 2 all the women who take care of they kids especially without help
Show at Pearl was good, networked with the money men. Tomorrow I'm doing some radio.
It's National Siblings Day! Make sure to tell your brothers and sisters you love them :)
At the national mall, catching up with the latest shows at the Smithsonian. Tons of people!
Really amazing work. The API works beautifully. Thank you for putting it on github!
Thank you for that but it's not linking to me.
um our ep release show is next week in Cupertino! Is that close enough? B)
I got the room! Moving to NE PDX June 1st!
thanks! located in Seattle WA
pretty WIDE !
Thank you! :D
sez: "All the goons follow me on Twitter." And: "I FAR prefer the Internet world to the real world."
Thanks for the RT. Have a great night
oops, totally forgot.
as they see bills frequently as well as deliverables. Our rates are probably a fraction of a co like Thoughtworks tho...,
You are never a loser until you quit trying. Mike Ditka
Hate you? #Noway I was just drunk n let a girl answer my texts for me
I rely on Bamboo because I cannot kill it! Haha!
Hey, it's effective ;) Nice to have it on there though...
CFO: Couple yrs old, but Firefighters worst around 30%, Laborers' best around 70%. Biss: How did we arrive at these priciples? Assumptions?
And when I saw the reply you got from Jesus, it cracked me up. He is omniscient after all. :) What did you expect?
I want a new selena icon.. can you send me one through bbm please?<U+2665>
just got done playing black ops with Justin and Kyle
good times last night.always a nice surprise crossing paths wid yall.
Pygmy goats!!!
yeah thanks man.. producing is fun but i just need a break from music for a while i think.. need to focus on school.
the DOOSH is booking shows in So. Cal
o ok give both of them kisses for me
#teamfollowback HEY!!!! Lol. W.O.R.D.
Answers to questions that were never asked.
new avi! do you feel my influence??? lmao
relapse indicators RT : Q9 – reasons to miss or stop going to mtgs, annoyed by recovery/sober friends, isolate
Obama just said gas turbines
you heard it hear first: #steelers are negotiating contracts to bring back #jeromebettis, #kordellstewart, and
Lol, yeah. these days many little kids surprise me.
I don't vote for the guy I trust. I vote for the guy who trusts me the most. - Gary Burghoff
Two Michigals just passed me on route to Austin.
It's in our policy that they can but if it really happened, I probably would.
check out the facebook page. we're up on that. launch site still set for the dec. 1.
WHOO NEW TAG TEAM CHAMPIONS!
When u find the perfect thing-love it !!
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 6
NP Crew Love -Drake . *Tunes World Out*
I think it's funny that so many people spend so much money on juice cleanses. It is so easy to juice yourself. Buy a juicer and start!
RT : Gas Price Forecast: Fill up now. Prices up 8 cents in 4 days and still climbing. Expect $4 plus for regular this weekend
Jim Boeheim is in Madison as the keynote speaker for Coaches v. Cancer Sat. night at Kohl Center.
can't wait! Will be glad to see you there
4S & using the normal twitter app. RT : are you using an iPhone 3GS, 4, or 4S? And are you running iOS 4 or 5?
RT : Newark-Essex Pride Coalition is preparing to vote on 2010's pride theme! Have ideas? DM me
How did Chris Davis get Adrian Gonzalez down 0-2 & then strikes him out. That game just sums up how improbable their season has bren
Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
I will never settle I don't care who or wat it is. If it ain't up to my standards then it literally doesnt exist
Bob Errey, stalking players all the way to Sweden -_-
A monk seal just came out the ocean right in front of me to take a nap!
According to emails I have gotten, "swears are evidence of a poor command of language." Just saying, Mr. Sweary.
haha thanks I'm loving these stitches
random bitches in the library acting like they run shit
same... but it also gives me inspiration to keep moving forward no matter how hard something is or what gets in my way :)
That burrito was way too big. What am I doing to myself?
glad you like it. didn't have you craving that spam tho?
Rose: BACK!
I've been home Maybe 20 minutes.. He's trying to make me look bad hahaha
I tried the 'world famous' #Zingers at #AleHouse in Town Sq. They really are good, very much like chicken fingers! $9
I'm going to be jammin Van Halen alot throughout the day. I'm excited for the game tonight!!!
"Totally impressed. Some really slick stuff. The sophistication of their structure is blowing me away!" - M. Lazen of
Now you're jus somebody that i used to kno!! Sad thing is we used to be the best of friends.
46% Of U.S. Thinks Facebook Is A Fad [SURVEY] (Hypebot)
Lol .! Have you saw the my girl remixx .! # excited
Put fear in perspective. Realize that positive outcomes are possible.
Standing for what you believe in, regardless of the odds against you, and the pressure that tears at your resistance, ...means courage
lmao i was jokeing whit you i no you like me
Indeed. RT Twitter turns six today. Quite the impact in just six years.
im done, imma unfriend you. <U+2665>
story of my fucking life.
Happy Mother's Day to all you beautiful women. Thank you for existing and giving us the beautiful gift of life. :-)
me too. after all yelling CAT PARTY down Washington Ave isn't very gentlemanly.
Suck My Disnik
I forgot to draw!!!
Liv was a great club, definitely lived up to its famous reputation!
Happy Mom's Day to my mother Kathy! Love ya mom! Thank you, just thank you!
Connecting with funders to help collaboration so our pilot program, CJSC Homeless Law ID Program can help homeless people in US. Best, All!
Network visualization powerful, but cold: arrests motion and drains away movement (reception, circulation, reprinting etc).
8000 Pi Jobs Guarantee Is 'Exceptional' - Bahamas Tribune
Thanks for the follow!
are there any gentleman left in LA?
Quick Fix: Succotash, Crusted Pork Make A Lively Dinner Duo
at fest live in the DOME #ULTRA # BOSTON # MIAMI
iknow we do , ihad fun last time :)
I agree & doesn't Christina look fab on the live shows?
I belive is organizing something. RT : so, is there a social get together scheduled yet?
Great read, Mark! (U poor thing!)
to you as well!
So much time has passed, so much time I have lost. Can't look back, have to work for a better tomorrow.
My fav thing about Phoenix are the cacti and joshua trees!
Sushi time
Its been too long!....whats up my tweeters!
#sdmayornp Bonnie dumanis giving props to 8000 nonprofits, make SD world class arts city
that shit annoys the hell out of me...especially when they call private... Grow the hell up....
Scientists scrutinize rise in baby dolphin deaths. www.tncnews.com
yes, the cat likes it too, but is a bit afraid of it
...AND she just caught me staring at her. Great.
Amazing spot!
Sometimes people just want someone to talk to, don't they?
National coffee day? Hm. Oh well how bout some fresh German Choc #cake or Birthday cake and coffee.
being at school from 8AM - 5PM <<<
Safe Zone for LGBT youth meets Fridays at Essex County College.
Fenway is way too quiet. #Orioles fans know how to make some noise. Dire need of some Camden Yards.
Cutest cat ever
#linsanity!!! Let it never end!!!
YAAAAAAAAYAYAYAYAY LOVE YOU
"I ate too many gummy bears, determining if flavour and color corresponded ..." ~ The tween-age Samuel Beckett
If someone pooped in my bag id be pissed!;o
Sometimes it all just gets too much and you just need a break from everyone and everything.
Slaymate back in, both teams at full strength Quite a penalty-free bout at this point, actually Score: Rotties - 28, Maulers - 4
33% -39%of loans questioned by the GSEs are leading to buybacks, which could result in $20 billion to $33 billion in losses
You flip flop on the #Broncos more than a
they say they gon rob me see me never do shit
Cris Carter not voted in to the hall...again? C'mon man!!!
“: I have one question. Where are their sleeves?”the players need to air out their sweaty active bodies.
Very nice, I personally sold them that bottle
Working on understanding and how we assess what each of us as individuals is good at so we can cross-train. Any ideas to share?
I'm thinking Pig and Bird might have the reverse effect.... but that's Nun of my business.
Watching Pinapple Express in econ class... Thank you kid in front of me with the iPad2...
My date >>> your date haah
she knows i'm scared of cats lol
"A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus." - Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
First coworking event of 2012 for happening now!
I would love to try your Coquito!!!!! :-)
u got mad swag. love u forever. <3
drag! Go shoot something!
A guy from a my everyday class is at the place i am at ... It feels really Awkward O_o
thanks dude :')
I'm on a distended vacation.
Coloring daina's hair with sharpies when she isn't paying attention >>>>>
Just took my first Bikram yoga class. I liked it much more than I thought I would.
interesting point Newt just made about not allowing Romney to focus attacks on one candidate
Getting ready for Marrakesh !!
My staff is talking about finding perfect royalty-free music for Italian cooking video made by a patron.
are you ok ?
Have a safe trip lady.
#notetoself take off the pink nail polish soon
Once they stop talking to you, That's when they talk ABOUT you.
HAHAHHAHAHAA. no :P
Well there were all those rumors..that they caused all kinds of infections..& were rumored to be toxic..also pantyhose!
ringing!! Ring! Hell? Oh hi TED!!! Thanks for following #mofones!!! Ttyl!!
and say i love you too
I love you so much :")
#iplspring this trend continued in Campbell Soup v. Armour & Co. (3d Cir. 1949), rejecting color trademarks of soup can red & white
Of Course! No Need To Give A Shout Out Unless You Want. Thats Very Nice. :) Just Tell Me When.
Ms. Levensons such a tweak though
Got a whole two hours in the studio today!!! Yay!
OKC won't shoot this well again.
what your nigg wont do anthor can do ' if you anti fuck your nigg ' good anthor bitch will .
Pretty sure it's a way of telling me I shouldn't ever have to clean again...right? :)
thanks so much!!
that's cool :) I'm watching tv with my sister!
And let's face it. If you rarely lose, then you're not lucky. Good game, sir.
Smoke a little smoke - Eric Church<3
I have to say: Madden '11 on the iPad-- kinda awesome.
The last and final day of 411
who are there players only attending school one semester? Only one in cal's tenure has been Daniel Orton.
apologies, meant to tag !
"Perspectives in Ambulatory Care: Models of Care in Outpatient Cancer Centers" in the March/April 2012
Of Mice And Men- My Understandings
best thing about time warner without msg network is nba tv show called NBA 80's, could be best show ever!
RT FYI - un/under-insured health screenings for blood pressure, glucose, cholesterol on 9/6 NE corner of Peoria/Colfax, 10-3pm
Wondering if anyone actually uses Google Adwords for development and designing websites.
Happy Mothers day to all the mothers
Woah my bed is comfortable
RT : Friday Night Lights >>
Loving classes at (Butt Lift, Tummy Tuck, Body Sculpt, Upper Cuts). Fun, dynamic and efficient as fuck!
Packers trade up to take Casey Hayward - CB out of Vanderbilt 62nd overall
Scotch. The only kind of pain medicine my lower back responds to. Bring it!
RT no, now I will never be able to eat pudding again "so long snack pack" sniffles" thanks.
Okay, I'm done working. Who wants to take care of me for the rest of my life?!
The cat in gloves catches no mice.
you're alive!
If your boyfriend/girlfriend tweets about you as #oomf then you aint shit
better than me swimming through bullshit
who drafts better - jets or knicks?
dm What do you believe is the best way to get new online customers?
What Is An &quot;Estate Tax&quot;? Consult Our Financial Advisors
[Psalm103:1-2]Bless the LORD, O my soul & all that is within me, bless his holy name.Bless the LORD, O my soul & forget not all his benefits
I'll hit you up later this week. Might need a weekend skype :)
can you believe this? The boys from school call Austin, Austin Mahomo yet they don't even know who he is!!!
welcome back!!!
22% of precincts reporting in Mississippi. 58% voting NO on personhood amendment.
got love for
Did you know that Krispy Kreme produces enough doughnuts in about a week to make a line of doughnuts from New York City to Los Angeles?
that makes me feel kinda better
#kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Thu, May 10 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
Thanks! The ales at City Tavern are great, thanks to and
Q2 (3 of 3) Reactions were all over the map. What is your reaction? Does Mushnick have any ground to stand on here?
His brain vs. your rolodex. Welcome! RT Among other things, today I'm comparing my Rolodex to that of Pete Webb at
": Still can't believe that Brad Wing isn't there. That's freaking nuts." He's a freshman. Probably had a lot to do with it.
Thanks for touching base! Have a great Friday!
absolutely love those lyrics... #yoursingingaboutmylife :)
that makes me so upset. i liked it but it kind of pisses me off too that we won't qet to see them in London. not very happy..
perhaps I should be sick andlay poker more often. got a top five spot locked up. first final of the season for me too!
Books are an exceptional hangover cure. We're offering prescriptions from noon to 6pm today.
I cant sleep tonight, I'm way too anxious for the upcoming weekend!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Family time :)
Intstng GM was bailed out by "we the people" & they pull $10M of advtsng in dramatic fashion days before FB IPO?
I might just catch my self singing your song again, :-P
ah!! Now you know the real reason why I moved here ;)
Today @ McDonalds they asked if I wanted a boy toy or a girl toy in my happy meal... I chose boy toy because it was way cooler!
Want a reason to get over those Monday blues? Our Happy Hour with 2-For-1 Margaritas & Piña Coladas starts at 2pm-7pm!
looking for someone here close by to play with and serve fully...
Ok Haley we believe you :) RT hahaha, I just taught him a little something.
Yes, I didn't realize Sarkozy was so unpopular! RT : Anyone following the French election Round one?
My day just got worse my sunglasses are no where to be found.
True American , now a brown. USA USA USA!!
looks like you and I need to start out own museum of free knowledge and culture :)
You must know for which harbor you are headed if you are to catch the right wind to take you there. - Seneca
U-Verse Internet down all the time now. I unplug the modem each morning, make oatmeal, and when the microwave beeps, the Internet is ready.
damn i was tired af but now i cant go to sleep
okay, you took it too far .
is Jesus Christ :)
Now im tired....
The martyred Bishop Valentine was chosen as the patron saint of the new festival
Xtina's boobs are as big as footballs.
And a Presbyterian! ;o)
The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one story, and writes another.-- James Matthew Barrie
lampard to United? It's OK.....keep him Chelsea thanks. ;)
Cooking channel has wonderful events for fun and easy dishes. CHECK OUT Rachel Ray
yo got some mail for you.
Somebody thinks Im playing! This is not a drill, I will come thro and
Tonight my cousins and my grandfathers will come to my house. I'm excited, because friday nights always is really cool.
I think there's a typo in the second paragraph, first sentence.
I bet !! shit is the only natural high i get , fosho i'm getting a list together so i can make this studio at home too
I really hate Pirates broadcasters when they start going of topic. "West Liberty Hall of Fame"? Fuck that noise.
I've been there. I had one guy make a complete website with just my images. no excuses. Take action
This New Year don't make a resolution. Make a plan.
You think your so perfect and pretty and kind and that everyone loves you .. Yeah , think again .
would you follow me?
I miss your kids and community meetings. Both awesome.
It's always fun singing with my sis love you guys
no clue but hear it too
This waiting is torture. Pure torture.
Listening to Sirius XM celebrating Whitney Houston :)
yep, and I could be your tour guide!
": I don't even like arguing no mo; me response be "yeah" "ight" or "I'ma hit u later" same here dat shit weak to me
S/O to for not givin that dUKie #Chump any props.
10 Things I Hate About You: I can never stay mad at you.
Are u kidding me... This the shit I hate about the Yotes. Out played all game, but game is tied... Terrible
Take care
#mythoughtsatschool are you serious its only 3rd period
I refuse to let this beat me...
Going to sleep, goodnight!
Thank you!
Excision is sick!
is in the A! Everybody come see him tomorrow at the Basement!
Chicago Bears | Wallpaper
Actually next week... lol
Happy Birthday ! Hope you have a great day!
that's because you'll always be his baby girl. :)
Going to have to were the goggles when I Hoop since I split my eyebrow open...
Caffeine and lack of sleep maybe? RT My eye is twitching and it looks like I'm winking at everyone.
...thanks for agreeing..i know it will work..it does already. you just keep tweeting on the American factories you find. thanks
Bongwater smells like pennies
Asked middle school kids what's the name of the 1st spanish lady on supreme court. One boy yells out, "Jennifer Lopez!!" Ah, our youth!
thanks for being new followers, we appreciate it! Check out our facebook page too
TEACHING LOVE: a man can not teach hate, for hate is self motivated....
Happy MLK day, everyone! Thank you to all those that fight for justice on a daily basis.
Okay, I'll beta for you.
Got the shakes, so food break at Lemongrass. Some overdubs to do and then done for the day. Thank god!
RT : New episode of tonight! Cant wait!
I'll not go to sleep until you follow & tweet me something!:] I love you both so much!<U+2661>6
Now following the lovely
Everyone has to find that one thing which helps to motivate and encourage full engagement with life.
Smart, you want to make sure that stuff is well cooked.
thank you ma'am!
Senior K teacher looking 4 software similar 2 #StudyDog 4 literacy. Her kids luv the goal oriented, individualized aspect. Any suggestions?
Wow. #BinLaden Confirmed Dead. #Obama addressing the nation.
aw what
Damn tomorrow's Friday already!
Check expiration dates on food, medicine, sunscreen and batteries.
RT : inBed.me and Triptrotting are throwing a #party for #backpackers at Hostelling International NY...
Wow. This officiating sucks. How do you miss the net being off the moorings for that long?
got you.
Im tired of seeing these beautiful woman with these ugly ass face tattoos.
“People come into your life for a reason, a season, or a lifetime." <3
OH WELL. I wanted Nat but you didn't let me so it's me & Alex woohoo
Great message today at Waters Edge Frisco still makes me think, as parents have we done what we can to pass His legacy on to our kids?
thank you for coming and sharing with us great moments, hope to see you back soon.
This Nigga Shall Now Wear The Name Of Little Brother Again.
poked me, y'all know what that means.
So welcome! Love having everyone there!
Welcome to the office, Look forward to getting to know you more
love you too man!
I like the new studio a lot better, its more streamlined than the switchboard, good job guys
#AAM2011 Online fever session: UVic: reading and writing skills are *critical* for all participants in online progs
Best radio voice? from Somehow makes the most obscure econ trend actually engaging! No contest.
I mean I'm a good ass woman. Smh, i catch feelings way to fast.
#TerrificNews to hear this Monday morning It shows that one doesn't have to even leave there house to
awww you just got some points..lol
loved the segment Penny Griffith had on NPR this morning, keep up the great work and if we can help is here!
Since I'm not at the concert, I'm gonna listen to drake and act like hes here spiritually.
IT'S SNOWING!!! :D
- What does the application schedule look like? What do you look for in potential applicants?
Just watched literally three minutes of #TopChefMasters & started crying. That proposal was the sweetest thing I've ever seen.
i can barley see my phone -____-
Just been watching movies the past few hours.
I'm intrigued....
thanks! We should catch up soon too
So I just found out im an inverted person but then again I don't talk alot because it ain't nothin worth my time to converse about it
The greater your capacity to love, the greater your capacity to feel the pain.-- Jennifer Aniston
The shins radio on pandora ehile editing and finishing final projects.
"What are you reading today?" - to
No, actually, that would be nice.
Thanks for the #FF! Happy Friday :)
all angels lets request #SOLISTEN on all the radio stations! great songs deserve to be heard!!!
"Forty year old virgin" or "Fifteen and preganant" can't decide.
Deal with it!
iHate the feeling of being played,</3 You Can't Trust Any Guys these days their All the same. u.u
then just skip the gym. You're fine. :)
had a really great time serving with #wewillgoministries this morning and thanking God for such a beautiful day :))
haha oddly enough I choose to believe ironing clothes while on is of course normal behavior for folks like us.
I love my gays! Always put me in the best mood.
Happy Easter!
Respect all things that are placed upon this earth - whether it be people or plant
SHORT ROAD TRIP 2 C DAT UNGRATE......BUT IT WAS WORTH IT...SINCE MET HIM ON DA HIGHWAY......CATCH ME IF U CAN.....
Are you ever to old to have a crush on someone?
Yes! I mean obviously I would pin along but it would be helpful if some others joined in on the fun.
it's confirmed 8 out of 9 people that stayed at my house over New Years ended up getting the flu... UGH!
and some people arent mean anymore
the nursing supervisor.
makes me go "fuck, this dude is to good, ill never make it" but at the same time say "this fool gives me straight motivation"
Same to you!
Yes, I find change is very exciting.
Thanks for following Eyefunc. Please introduce yourself! #TwitterLove ~
yeah we do buddy someone's elses sugar is sweeter
Reading the Weiner headlines, I take it?
lol craigslist will be no different a week from now people find way around restrictions or just go to another site.
I'm trying to go big before I'm possibly let go hahahaha
I'm not sure :o google it lol bc i don't take pain meds :/
have fun!!
Hawkeye hoodie in the Student Center! Gwaan turn dis day on its head.
DM your email…got a little treat for you.
#nw Friday Night Lights on the bus an staying out of this rain and cold
Implement blogging into your eCommerce marketing efforts to reach more people and grow your eCommerce store
Sale day today! 50% OFF nearly all items! 7020 Huntley Rd, Bldg D, Columbus, OH (Worthington area).
Don't despair. The Reds can score 9 today, but if you have 10 cups of Old Style, WE win!
I know I need a vacation when I start pretending the shower head is a waterfall...
RT Academics in 2012: You use that Twitter thing? Really? // These would be funnier if they weren't so true.
My daughter is the one w/CM. As of right now, no syringo. How are you doing?
well there's that, but that phrase will get added to your search history + may provide results you'll wish you didn't find
adorable photo!
Run hard, be strong, think big! – Percy Cerutty
I wrote you back on insta but i didn't mention you so you will never see it unless I tell you
How beautiful and strange that it was named directly to you moments after I completed it
because she was pissing me off
Anyone ever use Twitter's #lazyweb feature? Any value in it?
Havin some CHUUUUUUUU'CH In the car... To much fun.
Yes after owning a restaurant I am very particular about where I eat. I watch everything and everyone. And w/my gallbladder I 1/2
Very nice!
Thx Bro! I know U will Break Legs 2!!!
im that nigga in the left lane with no turning signal;))
Why the hell did justin tweet he's glad to be back in Canada when he's in Florida at Selena's concert.....
I really really really don't understand what goes through #oomf's head..
Charlie Sheen. U winning
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements can define acceptable terms for both spouses on any stressful topic.
Austin's mentions are filled with animal sounds. haha
Good stuff! “: What do you know, an show tonight.”
All you must do is sit down and order.
Thanks for lunch! Definitely honored to be a part of community.
I'm around all afternoon, come before 5pm!
thats great news congrats.. Hope the job is fun & keeps u wanting to work lol
Happy Thanksgiving from the Fresh Coast Classic! We're thankful for all of our supporters!!
I don't know your girlfriend's twitters, but let them know I appreciate them and not to break your hearts.
I really like trucks, okay.
not gonna lie...I like that I see myself everytime I see your tweets hahaha
Chief Chief Chief Chief
Follow for me please :D thank you
PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND We love you and RNG :) It would mean so much if your did! ;) <3
I'm certain that Holly will be the next person voted off #Idol that was way too pitch-e like the rest of her songs she ha performed.
ha I do like... 2/5, unless coffee counts as breakfast...
i love cupcakes, <3 :)
im thinkin of writtin a story about kids in high school tell me wat u guys think kk if i shld or shldnt hmm hmm
after seeing Grace, I think I shall fly to San Francisco and rob a bank.
Ruijssennaars concludes lecture. Many were in attendance; more between 50-75.
Work.. Check you lovely followers out <U+270C>
Thanks 4 the fabulous firkin & thanks & Rob 4 representing Long Island & not 4gettin' da burgh
Any1 in my t/l feel close to the issue of supporting blind/low vision teens? Know someone who does? I know of a great opp. DM me. Pls RT.
#ThoughtsFromWatchingHistoryChannel's Rise of the Third Reich: An idea isn't always right just because a majority agrees with it.
ah just missed you guys.
holla at me for #edit or #mix work.
NITE NOTE FAMOUS PEOPLE THAT TALK TO ME!!!!! if only lady gaga would.......
Again, it's large enough to provide needed expansion, yet not nearly large enough to have an environmental impact
gotcha idk all of them
Its amazing cause my whole life ive taken care of everyone and the one time i just need a hug i become the plague. Fuck that.
Why do I always do something amazing when no one`s watching?
thank you! :)
Thanks but it is actually I just RTed.
Do you want me, or do you want me dead?
hi tryin 2 reach Juliana Rojas 2 participate n 3rd Beyond Borders:Diversity in Cannes Filmmaker Symposium. i know ur her partner
Awesome that it's being addressed - thanks for your work.
Only one serious fail out of five experiments in infusing liquor. Still better with hot sauce.
Other than to simply stop destroying lives to make the hardware. We could have the technology without the greed
I love America. I don't love that sticking up for under-represented () is equated to sticking up for bullies ().
sermon tonight from at was amazing! really hit home
We Share Somethinn So Common
thanks for the prompt answer..
Love my Jaclyn!! :)
I want to rescind my view of that video.
Check out They are doing some amazing things regarding point clouds and photogrammetry!
Thinking about a lot of things
No problem! Have a great Friday!
I realize more and more everyday that I should leave things in God's hands.
Good article, thanks for posting!
Thanks for the mention, Janis.
what did Chaz say to you?
He Betta hurry home b4 I change my mind
Ok changing my mind now I wanna go to ihop. Some damn body betta call me
it would be funny if the people got super pissed
iPad 3 arrived two weeks early from Verizon.
We can do the same with Bengals jerseys...kinda sorta. White and black have some orange but not a ton!
Brian's Johnson and fucking Golden Axe are playing a FREE show tonight at PJs! Can you believe it?!?
A Jedi is always on time. Unfortunately, the senate is our to lunch. Blast!
RT The thing that will keep you up at night is imagining who will play Meryl Streep in the biopic of Meryl Streep.
You talking nonsense so imma put my music on & zone you out
I don't like DST. Wish Indy would go back to the way it was.
I'm so tired...
Wedding planners...duh! is trying to keep America employed here...lol :)
lmao my cousin is stupid!!!!
OH: "Isn't any herpes too much herpes?"
Yea yea its sour time
I'll never forget that shocking moment in FL infamy. NRA's Marion Hammer was evilly grinning over Jeb's shoulder. *shudder*
Damn straight
check your phone...
We just turned 16! To celebrate, we're giving 16% off for the rest of March. Mention that you saw it online.
I have officially been told that after last Tuesday and this Thursday I will be considered proffesional,whatever that means
You really are 5 steps ahead :)
In my eyes only #GoodThingsInTheWorld happen to bad people! and all the bad things happen to good people!
Follow our youth
Love that Populazzi's on your list! Thanks! Also, u will LOVE Hunger Games -- so amazing!!!
Graduate today!!!
Sorry Mike, can't. Watching kids that night.
Good morning everyone!
Creepy crawling ticks.......some also about the size of the periods in this tweet
I've got a justin.b 2012 calender and now that some months have been I'm wondering if ishould cut them out or wait till dec RT if ishould nw
uhg i hate my moms sometimes..:/
Has anyone seen the equivalent, or adaptation, of the flipped classroom concept used for business new hire training?
I <3 bass players :) do u play in a band?
We will also be live tweeting and blogging from #educationalaccess #NPEA2012 . Stay tuned!
When They Get Snapped On , Bet They Won't Do It Again .
Need to clean my shotgun, I only wish I knew how to clean it. The only advice I've gotten is not to look down the barrel...
RIP Sami. Love n miss u baby girl<3
A ridiculous amount of fashion & beauty bloggers are attending our social media lounge. Don't miss our Collective: Exhibition Trunk Show!
Damn! I forgot the kids asked me to come and help them in class -__-
My timeline is dead.
It is going to be a big caffeinated green tea kind of morning.
wanna chat on skype??
but high life is a multi-cultural beer... You're not your.
Hello Guys!
See ya later UConn
Jennifer Anniston and Gerard Butler are amazingly funny in the movie The Bounty Hunter, which I had the privilege of working on
I didnt think having a half black half white president would stir up the murky ugly race issues in America...Boy was I wrong... <U+E403>
Email would be great. I can distill any feedback and post it to forums and/or errata.
BREAKING: shows up to work. Told me he wasn't me. I LOL'd. Told that whipper snapper to get back to work!
Layin here cuddled up with my blankie Sunday night slow jams :)
Just home from Cirque/Michael Jackson at USAirways Ctr. MJ's music and Cirque were meant for eachother! Tune in 9:10am on Ch 3 for more!
well the badgers did their part for a rematch.... Rock Chalk Jayhawk! am i right? can a brother get an amen?
Thanks for the follow!
Vannesa Hudgens can't sing for shit!! I don't know why she even tries. She sounds like a dieing cat.
Hahaha! Big Mac! I want an apology when he KOs Sergio!
Garduno's at is closing? Sad face!
Thank for you another #FF!
it's true.
You're so beautiful, I wish I was you.. <U+E403><U+E106>
That's it! I officially despise the Internet & how it makes perfectly normal people into hateful assh*les!
Grab somebody sexy, tell 'em HEY.
It's one of those days where no matter how many variations of spanx I put on, I'm still rockin the doughboy
Wake up with God, not your problems. Trust me, He's got it covered.
following everybody back <<<<
After taking your vitamins get down to #fflv and go to and buy the latest #MIKELPATRIK orig!
I just do what I do, playa.
My mom loves u Tony where From puerto Rico and your her favorite singer make another album and now your my favorite
peninsula and the north. But yea I'm down to play.
Packers and Bicth's game still on my mind man I hope they win
that shit that's tied to a stick?
thank you for naming us 1 of the best beer bars in your latest issue!
Fighting with idiots is like wrestling a pig in the mud. You soon realize the pig likes it.
“: Melo killed us. Good freakin' game.”
Yo Waka Flocka "No Hands" Was The Hardest Club Song Last Year!
Timbers 3, Revs 0: great game Portland!
Storytelling performances are at 11:30 am and 1 pm today. Performances will be outside because I say so.
I wanna hit her so bad -_-
WoW! Today was a LONG but very successful day. Shut eye happens right now! Night friends. Hope your week is a blessed one!
Sick today. (This is why a woman needs a man, or her mommy)
COME SAVE ME FROM THIS HELL I CALL HOME ROOM!!!!!!!
michigan fruit. Lol. Yes bright, giant oranges, apples and bananas. I wouldn't do it in NY.
On my way to a closing at Hocker & Associates.
driving home drunk, saw cop lights, thought it was a checkpoint, so and i switched, hahaha.
You got it!
what? That sucks!! I think we need more people now
And all the haters can stop sniffing around #Braun's MVP award now.
hitting up the studio with Young Sick tomorrow...working on new music!!
catching up on some stargate universe glad to see McKay back in the program
...but I'm not a flopper.
You know who i miss? that kid was pretty cool i guess
Home alone and it's storming. I'm scared! :(
Running with SDR tonight at Mission Bay "Ed's Waterfront run" 6 pm at Santa Clara Point Park.
DEVILS!!!! Hell Yeah! #Martytookover #wehavehomeice #ustilllooktired We just needed a split!
Thanks! - I appreciate that! Looks like you're a kindred spirit & looking forward to learning more about & from you as well
Love my life <U+2764>
sweet! i'd say start making native app about anything, and see how it goes, and lemme know and i can jump in too
Ima stop tweeting bc I never get a RT, Tweet or Follow
it looks like is loving his new #bracefree smile..and all the #mahomies are loving it as well:)
tired isn't even the word
The ultimate key to happiness is loving who you are ! <3
Make it happen girl!
Fiona's Flash?... or even more alliterative; Fiona's Fox4 Flash.
man the steelers cant catch a break
when are you coming to austin?
Want an allowance? You'd need to do chores. JT: No thanks. Me: Let me know if you change your mind. JT: I definitely won't ever do chores.
And after much compromising, the rainy Sunday family film is . . . The Three Stooges.
haha. Nice..... I want a cupcake!
I miss you too. Voxer me back some time hoe! :)
Is there, uh, anything else going on in yr life that might be confusing yr ability to see/feel your novel project clearly?
Happy Birthday!!!! Hope its a great one. Sending you the love!!!!
lol I'm dead serious
Still vacationing in France. Enjoying every minute but missing work a little now.
THOSE PPL ARE LITERALLY THE WORST.
Your welcome! Love you<3
is the one I got the idea for pho from!
Thanks for the RT! ;o)
You have to come tonight to help her food truck capital!! Make her Pep Boys visit less costly. Help a sista out!!
embed. Simple. Sigh. Wordpress itself baffled many.
Love the playlist!
One Direction is honestly good. Before judging them, people should listen to other songs BESIDES what makes you beautiful.
follow me.??its 11:11 making a wish <3 :) like always. You will aleays have my love and support <3 (: iloveyouaustin
lol nope check out Bloomberg and CNN
I have the same problem... nobody else I know has even heard of it
do you think its weird to go up to Walgreens just to buy popcorn?
Sotomayor asks how a computer knows if someone is a citizen or undocumented.
the great thing about being sick though is that you know FOR A FACT that next week will be better
Bet she did great, too! RT Interviewed by ABC's "Nightline" about bill I'm supporting that protects victims of violent crime
I got your vote ..lol
Smart! Enjoy. :)
I like how my phone just froze while I was spittinnnnn
Life is an echo; all comes back, the good, the bad, the false, and the true. So give the world the best u have & the best will come back
Job Club Reminder! Tomorrow at 10:00. Open Forum...new job leads. Stop by the ETC for employment help.
That will always be an amazing song regardless of age or when/where it's played
According to our latest traffic statistics, our top demographic is women age 18-24 at 63%. Woo-hoo!
Warm wishes for your Thanksgiving holiday from everybody at the Group Travel Leader! Hope you have save travels and happy memories!
Oh yeah, #derby day today. Plus on news awesomeness. Steph, with it being #derby and #cincodemayo - julep 4 u or margarita?
": Bravo ! I don't know how you were able to keep your cool on MTP this morning.." I could not stand that male chauvinist
the balcony becomes you.
#sashabaroncohen and #jonstewart together right now on #dailyshow = so much
your mom and nana
I have a newer website - save some energy with holidays coming up - I have solar lights at Http://buy-solar-Christmas-lights.com
I just spent too many minutes browsing GIF blogs. Visions of tiny Olson twins now dance through my head as I prepare for socializing.
I'm actually excited to have Ned Yost as the new Royals manager. I liked him when he managed The Brewers.
Things are picking up with production- we added several crew members and locked in dates for our cast. There's no stopping now!!!
follow up
Calling him a man-hoe and a player was bad enough, but now you're spreading rumors that we cheated? Really?
im always ganna be there for you ... Hope you follow
NEED SUM ADVICE....??? PLEASE HELP ME
I need to join y'all
dude im in queens right now!! I wanna meet you guys!!!
That's a BS argument and you know it. You are a smart man. Do better.
my uncle called me at 6am and was like cmon foo is time for yo ass to fuckin party ..... o.O
Can we bring back high tops?
yea I think is it the same one?
Thank you!
Have you ever heard or read about 10 cent beer night at an Indians/Rangers game in Cleveland? Samhaeyn
good for u. I was a cop for eight years however I decided to leave and get a masters to teach and coach. Tough decision pay off
haha it felt good to win. He played well also though!
it's a wrap... They got me! A whole dozen! I only ate 1 tho. Lol!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Pumpkin chocolate chip cookies in the oven!
Maybe. Probably.
Brad Richards finds a way! #Rangers take 2-1 lead over
Ambassador Alspach-just emailed you the more refine EuroConnect invite for the May16th event! Pls distribute at your discretion! ;)
Our May event funding small business in allegh. county - one lender will have an unlimited pot of money for our business owners
You have only to believe if you wish to achieve... that rhymed... unintentional
Stripper @ Southern Exposure told me "clean house in them; by end of day you'll b dancing in them"
Heard on the radio that The Voice finally upped American Idol on viewers last week! Who saw this one coming?
Getting productive at late hours
wow thats a bad reason.. cus i love you :)
emotions can go die
Yay I reached over 200 followers thanks to you all!
Yeah, they gave #2-ranked Chaminade a run for their money on Monday as well!
#FashionStar is my new crack cocaine.
do it now!!! U heard me woman!!!
followed ya
Stay tuned for big news from the Rage about new and returning players and other exciting news
Now that was a good movie.... w/ Lucy Hale, haylie duff, Aaron ashmore,
That’s a wrap..week 1 is done! Do you have a class you love? I am sure you have a that 1 that might kill you, but overall how was week 1?
Darwin & others have long been curious about bower origins.
I love successful days!
Thanks for RTing the post. Scott always offers such good advice.
as with any good performance it takes a lot of rehearsal .... a. Lot.
You're welcome! keep up the great work.
Hope you heal soon! Thank you for a fantastic show! I am still singing.
Sometimes I really hate having diabetes and then I realize it could be worse..
#MyMaddenCoverVote is who else but Eli!!
yea I do
thanks for the add! yay to arts and the bay area
Van Halen Tickets For Sale Friday Night United Center. Lower Level Tickets less than face value!! Call us at 888-493-0004
I'm Happy, doing everything within my power to raise my child by any means so let me be!
Hair so damn flat it flatter than a skinny biotch with no boobs<U+2665>
cause the only thing I know bout u is that you went to memphis, your a combo guard and can jump out of gym!!!
"Gerald" and "Ford"
i will once i see them... Im home alone right now! Hows school?
let's see, funny Hangover, Step Brothers, Bridesmaids, Grandmas Boy, Drama, Friday night lights, Man on Fire, Super Eight.
Clarification: the failover improvements will only impact our Console and Developer products, not Enterprise products. ()
Eliminated from 2016 Olympic contention: Chicago, Tokyo
Now that I have my coffee cup, I will indeed always be testing
(HUG) xo Love it!
losing a loved one will numb u for sometime
Just had a sensual experience with Al's Italian Beef.
"...when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth." Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
RT : premiered that "TOO LOUD" ON He stamped it with his approval!
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> happy bday my dude
. yes please!
Crazy day ystrda .... Was working on gift bags for my special event... Got a lil sidetrack .......
Again, Happy 2010, Austin -- Thanks for being part of First Night in the best city in the world
I hope your #RT Button works because its going to be broken by the time your done #RTing my #Imagines!
I made a CD with Whitney and Michael...I'll make you a copy!
I laughed. :)
"what's the ociffer problem?"
Yeah it's really good, better than I could ever do! haha
Any particular kind?
really enjoyed listening to Pink Floyd's Meddle despite being at the dentist
Drunk as 4 African moneys
Oh, what's that? You want a Wiskullsin t-shirt? WELL, LISTEN TO THIS. We got Wiskullsin tees back in stock! Stop in & get 'em! :D
and if leave, i may consider leaving for a while.
Once vs the Spurs earlier in the season. The fans are crazy for him. It's kinda scary..
Sex on the beach..
It's time for you to give me a little bit of lovin'(<U+3055><U+3041><U+3061><U+3087><U+3063><U+3068><U+306F><U+3042><U+306A><U+305F><U+306E><U+611B><U+3092><U+3061><U+3087><U+3046><U+3060><U+3044>)Baby, hold me tight and do what I tell you!(<U+30D9><U+30A4><U+30D3><U+30FC><U+62B1><U+304D><U+3057><U+3081><U+3066><U+79C1><U+304C><U+8A00><U+3046><U+3088><U+3046><U+306B>!)
CAN'T you follow me
now that's the right mind!
Big day today. 'Canes softball, Mother/Daughter game, and then O's Magic with Kaylee tonight.
Community Links Creates Twitter page!
Im not afraid to take a stand everybody come take my hand we'll walk this road together!!!!!
Stop watching and start playing
We watch our matches at the Where do do train for BJJ at?
OH: This is honey suit weather. You know it always feels like you're wearing a suit full of honey.
Everyone's talking about wearing their #gameday gear to the office but I'm too damn excited to even go in.
5 days left to vote for #SAA Board of Directors. I'm listed 5th on the ballot for Member at Large position!
hahahahh yes, it's a hint. And no, no engagements. If there were, I probably wouldn't tell you through a link, over twitter.
tell me when u find out
You should really consider shutting up rn...
I clicked around a whole bunch and submitted an app to the app store. Surprised that worked.
follow my new twitter <3
Not sure that works: in theory you can lose half of you metadata and hardly notice; in practice it's always the wrong half …
Just waking up, last night crazy
TURN up tha MUSIc!!
awesome! Thank you.
do u still have my number?
Lets go WARHAWKS and WAVE!!!
Merry christmas thanks for a great dinner!
Haha u got some funny fuggin followers bro
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons
I cant fucking wait until summer
Find a Tool-Lending Library to Borrow Free Tools for DIY and Home Maintenance Projects - This is awesome! Start working on a project now!
the Jesus Lizard rocks the turn table as we unpack things
“: The hatred i have for Midwestern and ACU is real. I want to whoop there ass first two games of the season.” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
There's this one guy in my reading class that I feel like punching the fuck out of.
hello Puffin Boo!
alone with my bong>
I did ! Can't wait to get another Versa Spa tan! NEED one bad! ;-)
Going swimming with
words are still words. In the end, of nothing changes it leads to the same place: no change.
glad you like it man! check out our original stuff too!
.love sharing the surf with dolphins.
Q: Whats your stance on offshore drilling? A: Drill the Gulf? Go for it-that's Shrimp Country.
I just sit back and laugh cause the industry dont know whats finna hit em... they dont even see me coming LMAO #death to whack Rappers
#10 things that are attractive A guy who has the choice of kissing on the lips chooses to kiss on the cheek instead
Social services is going to come and take my orphan twitter account away from me
i followed
I gotta newsflash for everyone complaining about the calls tonight: The Knicks did not lose this game 'cuz of the refs. Sorry.
yeah once we have them they're all yours. Thanks so much for your interest. We've tweeted a few sneak preview pics.
I hope you can as well! -Glenn
On my way home
Before I die I have to see in concert, she's simply beauitful!
I haven't talked it in MONTHS! And he appears to not go to school!
that's what I said
Miserable End performing at the Bull Bar in Long Beach Sat. night Nov.12th 9pm.
I'm on my way. Sorry I was in the shower.
no problem!
It's so difficult, but it's so worth it. You should give it a shot!
Welcome to new Kilgie associates, Brandon, Angie, and Karie..completing an awesome account team
Turned my boys into ninja warriors. Consider yourself warned.
thanks for all your help, it wouldn't have been possible without you
That was incredibly impressive. I hope that sees the series of tweets, as he is a fan of the McRib (and literature.)
who's that?
i love this police building
hey do you by chance have a link to the article?
Aww im sorry!!! get well shawty lol im good just wotking you already know
Now that I work at a grocery store I can't go to the race :(
yeah I was surprised they were the vented ones.
Lima beans cuts off blood supply to tumors..dr. Oz
i cant stop listening to mistletoe <U+2764>
Spinning at far bar on this lovely sat night. Rockin that gud musik all night!
Lorenzo wrote in Sic's remembrance book - "I'll always remember you. Forgive me for having argued with you."
cool! iam from usa !! how old r u?
Hello! How have u been?
lmfao I didn't know I was that loud till Allie and devin told me. But that was messed up!
bluffs with kathleen. eight dollars of taco bell in my belly. beer woozy. just woke from 4 hour nap. what the fuck is up?
i think nips are awesome and woman should be proud to show em off!!! love you khloe!!!!!
thanks :) learn how to do it so you can braid my hair like this lol
At the show!!
WISH ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY?
Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots.
lmao I was thinking the same thing!
Jumping in the charts ...that's urryday!
The misfortune of finally completing a paper is that the subsequent surge of adrenaline halts needed sleep.
LBSU: Where you won't play in March. But at least you get to live next to a beach.
Oh...I've had my experiences and they certainly regretted their actions in the long run :) It's the stereotypical egos.
. it's talk radio at its worst. one has to assume some responsibility when holding the mic
Children of all ages, races, ethnicities, cultures, and economic backgrounds are vulnerable to sexual abuse. Speak Up and End the Silence
i'm gonna do it IT'S SETTLED
now im at house
say hello to Charlie for me papa awesome vocalist. and have fun.
ihate when people say adventure time is better when regular show clearly has better storylines. omg.
Sporting a high-and-tight? Like girls half-ready for bed? Try Flannel Friday Party and Vets Day Celebration at #TownTavernDC - 2323 18th NW.
you never realize how weird youre friends are until you try to describe them to somebody else
Just saw Decent job though felt the importance of everything so well crafted in book was severely diluted.
Atlas CEO and Racing Limos America President James Albion to be Interviewed on Stock Traders Talk Radio
really is tho
Then that little bitch is getting thrown off a building.
Just ran in to at #TED. Got to thank him for endorsing Great Leaders GROW.
I am not an apologist for the Fed, but at the end of the day Bernanke is doing the only thing that he can do, which is buying time -Economos
Yeah, it has me wondering.
it was so freakin real! i thought it was actually happening!
I was going to tell you your hair looked great at meeting today! All I do in the front of the room is creep on my sisters.
TONIGHT’S #REDSOX-#RAYS GAME POSTPONED DUE TO INCLEMENT WEATHER. It will be rescheduled for a date this summer to be determined.
Yes, Mr. Nguyen's hair was awesome!
tilt shift and... Pretty much everything. So good. You raised the bar!
“: The blind side gets me every time!” I watched too! So good
Thanks for the follow ;-)
you carefully construct those myths only b/c you really _do_ hate people - it's a self fulfilling prophecy!
First #juniorseau and now #mca ... This week sucks.
Beautiful Joy! Don't tell me u are a Restonian? Are u? If so, we are neighbors! You know what that means, don't u? Coffee date! :)
The Brazilian players are so demonstrative.
me + 2 little girls that only speak spanish = no comprende haha
“: E has NOTHING better to play than the kardashians. Ugh really getting sick of it!” change the channel ha
Big shout out & thanks to & for coordinating today's shoot. Lesley, u kick butt! thanks!
ohh so rain is the excuse. Gotcha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
24 seconds left. Need a TD. And new cuticles.
Watching Fresh Prince. Classic show.
Happy Birthday Lady! Hope you had an amazing day! Monica
found out I will now be working on a mobile tour for #Lowes! cool!
Had a long day
Volleyball be back later(:
application resume curriculum vitae application application interview references resume application curriculum vitae application interview..
I don't care I love all of them :'(
Interviews are available Wed and Thurs. Don't hire someone that tells you what they will do. #Boston #Sales Guy will SHOW you the #Sales :)
Ur weird n care 4 nothing real abandoned me as a bro whn i needed some1 y should i care 4 u? Atleast b happy i still call u my sis
As I'm eating breakfast this morning I'm thinking m Rudy's lunch.
fuck yes Dom, I am so glad to see someone that feels the same about him as I do
sigh. i will need coffee again tomorrow.
Connie's with grandma and my moms happy mothers day!!!! Mothers you don't need one day to know your the greatest you need a lifetime #
Anyone else watching tonight?!
#rva reunion show?!
LOL, love it
Happy Thursday art world! What are you working on today?!
They offered me a manager job but I didn't want a career in retail. I just needed a part-time gig.
Thanks for following me!
7 could be a dagger here....
but also, just to keep the record straight, if there is a line for a man, anytime, anywhere, I am in it.
I totally have one of those in a drawer! Virta Tennis here I come!
I gave a side eye to that as well.
I did my customary throwing-the-sister-into-a-pile-of-Christmas-trees while tree shopping. The holidays are here.
Not having a good day. Dropped my phone. Bent 2 pick it up. Ended up burning my nipple on my coffee. Only me I swear...
I need to get a few more followers to catch I am a couple behind.
There's also a rabid racoon on the loose in Lawrenceville.
RT : Has the institution of heterosexual marriage collapsed yet?
I bet has one on pre-order!
- Skipping the Palin interview on
suck on it bro
Just got an iPad it's so cool
Cocoa pebbles and new episode of Korra with and Feels good to be an adult.
my big dog doest care at all but I have a jack russell "terrorist" who is so anxious. Oh i hate 4th of July for that same reason!
So I saw this cute "Made in America" T-shirt 4 babies then I checked the tag & it said "Made in China". Seriously?
Global Consumer Electronics Industry
My back hurt hopefully I call fall asleep comfortablely in front of this tv
- Welcome! What a great website! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
They were talking about sex... Like I get it. We're teenagers, we talk about sex. I don't know any teen that doesn't talk about sex.
Beauty Is Not bout Looks Make Up An Swagg True Beauty Comes From Being YourSelf Coz Wha Really Maters Is Who You Are Inside
Who deserves turds, who deserves blossoms? You've got three of each. Go!
me too. My Guitar Hero, Rock Band, and DJ Hero are in the basement collecting dust. Can't get down there with the kids!
dont pay attention to the last tweet but if you need help so you wont be sad tweet me kk
Glad to hear it!
Happy birthday to me! Happy birthday to me! Happy birthday dear me..Happy birthday to me! least i can sing it to my self
nope, it won't.
nice to meet you too
Dom Irrera from Seinfeld at Helium Comedy Club this weekend!
I thought that the #OrlandoMagic were going to collapse without Dwight Howard, it certainly does not look like that.
Good Morning Tampa Bay!!!! T.G.I.F lots of happenings this weekend in the world of #TampATL stay tunned.....
I love Ray in the Princess and the Frog! Can't wait to hit NOLA in July
Hey, that guy in the Hyundai commercial was in a season 2 episode of #Supernatural!
I'm at the Hyatt regency. U?
The Bear likes now: "Play '[In] Rainbows', Daddy! '[In] Rainbows'!
You really think Super Royal could dial 9-1-1 while running for his life from any real threat?
Red velvet cupcake and chocolate egg for breakfast. I love being an adult.
Gnome Pioneers!
RT Goodell's hugs of the draft picks are getting extremely intense. Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Need some new followers n ppl to tlk to
is so beautiful - inside and out! I just love to hear her heart singing
Soo it would be AMAZING if you follow me!!! #JustSaying. Don't you want to make my night?! (:
I just need a fuckin passport
rolling my ankle during this game is going to fuck things up.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Having a great 2012 so far!
If I wasn't raised right. I would just say what's on my mind, then your feelings would really be hurt.
#withoutmy career I would be meaningless...
“: Thank you to for sponsoring the #artscouncil challenge! #loveindy” $500 to a good idea!
OK. You guys can resume your tweeting now.....I'm here.
Just kidding, i KNOW I'm in love with you. (;
When he kisses me and stops just to say "I love you baby" and kisses me again those are the BEST<U+2665>
About to see Rick Ross and Lil Kim tonight in PA! Its goin downtonight in PA!!!
alright then..I'm busy this weekend too.I'm gonna spend the weekend at Sacramento with my older sister
might as well bring on the rain... I have terrible luck anyway..
and you're tweeting with this lady not with ur fans? :( #damn it
I used life threatening, meaning judgement may determine a particular moment would be a bad idea to confront some people.
Thanks for #JCDL2012 mention : digitization cost workshop and
late easter !!
don't worty Nate, you'll get it!
When I say I love you, it’s not a cliché. I say it to remind you that you’re the best thing that ever happened to me.
And Josh Young brings the crowd to its feet for a standing ovation! Talkback starting soon!
what's going on Miss PD? You working the games this week?
Jews may have invented guilt, but Catholics cornered the franchise.
I hate getting emotional attached...
np Total- Cant You See ft B.I.G.
that's dumb. What chapters is this test even over? Lol
NEW MUSIC COMING REAL SOON !
I googled my name in Google News. Got 12,196 hits. From the past 24 hours.
Thanks for the mention Zee!
thanks for the
Done tweetin , my battery lower than wiz khalifa's eyes . K bye
LOVE YOU TAY! you're perfect! and your songs..WOW! I identify with your music because it seems they are written by teenagers
So glad I have a great role model such as my sister congrats sis sis you getting your bachelors you passed!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Hi! you probably know me but if you dont Im Austin Mahone's iphone; please do me a favor an follow <3.
i didnt know you was near o.o i dont know who h_beibs is xD
sleep with barney
Great day at work! Now to chill at Lake Calhoun.
Ganna Go See The Hunger Games Tomorrow!!(: Taking Some Friends With Me!!(:
As #TheGapBand said, "so I gotta get up Early in the Morning..." Let's burn some!
Chiefs/Raiders. IT'S ON.
As thou hast sown, so shalt thou reap.
At times.. I dislike the random insertion of this cell keyboard.. Swype.. ><
thats fucked up. I'm being jumped on from the uterus. lmao
no I have a very high tolerance for caffeine :)
take it easy Burch. I was only kiddin
thank you much!
ND>>>> FOLLOW BACK
I like Scandal w Kerry W. She is a beast in a mans world.
"Being Broke Just Gave Me My Hunger" -
ERRRGGGGHHHH! I'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR SOMETHING FOR 2 DAYS & STILL CAN'T FIND IT! I'M READY TO TEAR MY HOUSE APART!!!!!
Steve Harvey is playing atomic dog! Roo to the Bruuuuuuuhz!!!
what!!!??? That's the worst news ever!!
": video...."O shoot brain fart totally forgot....it can b to any song right
So glad I can read the results to a show I paid money to see instead of you know...actually getting to watch it. Thanks, !
So what's up with the D.O.P.E.ness?
Hillary looks worn out.
Good stuff.
When you correct someones grammar, just remember that nobody likes you.
Just because I'm nice to you, doesn't mean I like you. It just means I'm not rude.
You watching this Clawsen????
looks like some heavy rain and small hail just about to Watertown, also with line in Walworth county near Lake Geneva.
When doesnt call me about plans<<<<<
yeah. Yo u wanna chill Saturday night?
Why can't I unglue myself from my computer?
RIP to Rekia Boyd. RT to show respect.
Complete list of performers coming soon
aw <3 A Scentsy was one of the best gifts iv ever recived!!
Good job! Funny how most of the callers had their own agendas to promote.
#ff Check out our antique luxury wall maps!
thanks for the #FF! Have a good weekend :-)
Twiggas I JUST FOLLOWED----->>
are u and essence still cyberbullying
Never thought I would make my family this upset..
See first that the design is wise and just; that ascertained, pursue it resolutely. -William Shakespeare
YEA THANK YOU SO MUCH AH
It's for the best. HHHHHHiiiiii errbody.
hah I just saw that now... #someonesgrumpy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
the next prefontain! Amazing job!
Our goal is simple – enhance security using wireless technology. www.jtrek.com
you don't need to fight for my love <3
Pretzel m&ms :)
After hearing much debate about this KONY video, I'm watching for myself. My opinion is my own.
Text JENNINGS to 55678 for a mobile background too.
no way! I was about to claim that beard perk, then I saw it only gets you a moustache. What a bait & switch
“: This is how your life changes: someone tells you something.” then you react
Yes and yes.
I'm not sure what to eat... At Kona grill :-)
wow.. thanks on the follow cowboy :-)
3-point lead with 1:58; One-point lead with under a minute. Lead for about 38 minutes and still lose. Hate to say it, but Classic
Had the world in the palm of your hands, but you fucking choked.
Ahh, but it's all about effective filtering - only emails that make it to your inbox are ones that you actually need to deal with.
Spherical olives! Liquid nitrogen! Extracts!
Why is it that clothing stores seem to have only 2 demographics - 17 y old girls or women over 50?
Reluctance to put people in harms way + big $$ = dangerous gov’t sponsored #SciFi like technologies and drugs.
Good way to start off my day
« I hate people who lead others on. Its pretty much the same as saying "fuck you".» !!!!!!!!
Real recognize real like they related
The feeling is mutual. You're very smart & I always like hearing what you're up to. See you at I'm excited for it.
who you're frendyy ?
GIANTS R GOING ALL THE WAY.
This dude keep lookin at my momma I am goin to flip then call my daddy!!
Tonight !!! Ladies come join our table for a drink ;) For NO COVER Guest List & Tables Text 818.602.7979
love, love, love Making April.
unless i get you instead °_^
in my book, the actual existence of the epstein era is the worst move of the epstein era
They BOTH look tired & are landing equally good shots upon one another.
Tonight it's all about trance, toking, and tainted water. Let's dance!
TKILtweeter og back in the tweet world
What do you think of the new YouTube channel layout? Are you angry that they are forcing users to switch to it on March 1st?
Thanks, Tania... to you too...
she's a sexy '65!
I may have perfected a maneuver to get into bed without the monster grabbing my feet. If I don't tweet tomorrow, you'll know I failed.
INSPIRATION! #gamedevdiet I've been watching you, and your consistency is UNCANNY!
we were both soo tired! Had to come home!
glad you like it so far! Were planning to publish your blog tonight too!
where are you gf?? It been way too long!
Ergo...lunch.
Lakers offense looks out of sync.
and why... why is that news on the trib website?
awe thats sad..
No need to lie to the man
it sure is.
Bored outta my mind waiting for my new tires to get put on...
I don't even know what is tweeting about from and I'm supposed to be co-director of this group!
The Ultimate CSS Tutorial A complete list of all
Conspicuous non-consumption is an act of self-definition, lifestyle politics.
RT : Im with Kelly. I think you also need to account for views. Not everyone will participate.
Cops are separating NYC #ows into smaller groups. Cops moving into position! Protesters are forced into anarchic running and screaming
apparently it was a chick walking naked down 390 and rolling in the mud, and may have been pushed out a car... WTF???
Happy Birthday old man! Enjoy your last night & don't look back
Hey Pittsburgh: Homecoming is right around the corner - make your appointments now before we get booked up!
I'm in NY this weekend
Having a dream that just makes your day.
is it a pair of tickets or just one per minute?
Also, #ff , an organization very dear to my heart, that is doing a TON to love on the people of Portland :)
Our website is new and updated. Please like us on facebook!! Send us some positive feedback on how you like it! :)
not a whole lot. What about you and your girl?
I started up again maybe a little less than a week ago? I was too busy for twitter for a good Lo g month
Hahahahahahaha Ash its Kate, you fucking crazy ma bitch I'll never give your MONEY back !
Imagine a "social media listening command center" for Georgetown. issue tracker, early warning system
#20ThingsIlove Kentucky Wildcats, Championship Banners, and Unibrows
Working on a sweet-ass percussion duet.
where can I send my resume? 22 years as head baker and 6 years as a shipping supervisor.
naw original was 2.5. It was either in or out.
:( so tragic
I am a bad example to my daughter...
can't wait to rage with you at your concert in Cincinnati! Looking forward to meeting you.
<U+200E>"Let your heart guide you. It whispers, so listen closely." – The Land Before Time
Lmao Mrs. Foiles notices the smallest things about me and she's never even taught me... "Is that a new ring? You didn't have it last week"
We love the way music brings people together.
I need to find a travel agent for an upcoming story a contact is doing... Please RT
CASHING OUT IS THE THEME SONG AT THE GIG. EVERY TIME WE SELL THAT WORK....
I'm singing at Red Kiva if you feel like hanging out
Zaza Pachulia (foot) has been ruled out for Tuesday's Game 2 against the Celtics.
Nice match & #Wrestlemania was a great event!!
Happy birthday, Captain Bitchface. (I miss you, though.)
Good things fall apart so better things can fall together.
I always miss the good stuff... You guys coming down for the 4PM Magazine release tomorrow night at Tutto/Notte?
Daumn! It got real huh?
Boom boom cac a lac a lac a boom, boom boom cac a lac a boom boom
I'm not going to the party. Have a B+B getaway planned with my sweetie <3
With Horns inside?
Game of Thrones is starting to lose me a little bit. These last few episodes better be huge.
Thanks for the love Trey Love
Yeah they are all gone
tessering to wrinkle in time, can't wait to perform this amazing show!
nigas hate fukn wit a condom
ShockerNet is back up. If you're still receiving the error, you need to delete your web browser's cache.
U have a sexy bod!
Take a look at eyefly.com
it was u should follow her :) she's an awesome ff5 fan
Enjoy your Sunday #Boston :)
- SOUNDS GOOD. WILL PUT IT IN MY WISH LIST.
thanks mike u r hot
#ThingsThatNeedToEnd The Calvin Johnson Rule...
It's so HOT OUT!!
you are welcome @ ayeelts no problem Happy New years to you and your family.
we should go to the mall together on summer break!! And maybe i can sleep over at your "flat"!! Lol
starting to get sleepy at 4pm, not good. kinda wants to see some friends tonight. def wants to see Inglorious Bastarads this week, takers?
EGYPT "...can we all get along? Can we get along?" ~rodney king "...young boys become men, in times such as this..."~a.o. shepherd
These pussies sound like Meow Mix
Apparently no one has ever quit just because they want a different career.
Cleveland baby! “: Looking forward to being part of the trading card NFL draft set..time to start signing!”
Until June 2010, a pint of Guinness was available free to blood donors in
Ok, Will u be mine?<3 its ok what you say we will always be really good friends<3 ILoveYou <321
I have a handful I follow on blogger - have a great joint blog! I also recommend joining the DailyMile community
Thank you, Martin!! #FF #wave back at ya! Have a lovely weekend at the sketchboard! ;))
I made friends on the bus!!
Mayor - Monte has not done too well in NO, so I don't think so
Wow, another Ingomar lawsuit -- just doesn't end.
All I need is for Dr Dre to produce one of my tweets.
That orientation was so over whelming :/ but at least i got to see all the clubs.
awesome kid at starbucks is reading from a bag of books he brought while his mom and pop read on their iphones
Every single thing I set out to do in my 25th year has been accomplished...turning 26 in less than 3 hours and I'm feeling ready.
think I saw u @ pork shoppe?? Btw this is Cody, Lina's husband from HBC;-) I deliver part time
Finally out of work!! TGI(going to be )F
flee the united states, come to us. what happens in 72 hours?
I just feel Izzo is very good at preparing team in March. Compare his record with Boeheim in March for example.
So you go and tweet it all around hannah , really . this aint my fault. YOU pushed ME out.
yea man u missed it ...its another oone Sunday at the clevelander
I do have a fondness for awful movies that others can't stand. :)
i say Houston trades Schaub for some picks. they play in dome. great running game. AJ and Owen Daniels. perfect fit
: No, but thanks for the intro! , good to meet you!
Me and In the Great Twin Cities! #TTU and #Songbook nationwide!
oh wow. My job here pays eghhhh but I get hoes and its commission too. Alex had an interview today but I wouldn't mind
Not a fan of this rain and hail!!! Scary!!
The prom we're hosting tonight tripled in size and the client just told us. That's nice.
we're listening to you all the way from Denver, CO, USA give us a shout out! Jenny's housewarming party
Well we both know how that always played out.
#MoreFemalesShould sell their eggs to me for 20 dollars
well they just put one by me by east pointe square
I feel so left out lol
I can't even sleep LOL
": wheres mine?" Mine Too
PT 2 - will Flacco EVER change his cadence at the line of scrimmage and force some defensive offsides or will Ds cont to T off
Message me on kik(: it's: Isabelle_luksza
#Haters make the world go around
I think I hate everyone in the world. Except Floyd.
Holy crap Castle and Detective Beckett are *finally* talking about their feelings.
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. ~Friedrich Nietzsche
Headed to /RAW: Stripped in w/ tonight! Looking forward to an amazing SOLD OUT performance.
These chest pains <<<<<<<
I have never understood why people say they sometimes throw their phones, my phone is my everything<3
oh frank you my long lost friend. How are ya??
well then, in the end you'll really have something.
u miss school way too much!!!
my mood right now <
"In order to change your life, the first thing you have to change is yourself"
AND if you're anywhere near the Alameda CA school district that barely kept And Tango Makes Three on the shelves... go shame the hell out
Just sent my Xbox in...i should be back on-line and ready to play some REAL Games by Tuesday or Wednesday!
Haven't tweeted in days ....
RIP Joe Frazier
make up your mind... your killing me
hahahaha "little guy from the boathouse"
Tip#87: As iron sharpens iron one brother sharpens another. It is very important to have 2-4 friends of equal or better skills than you.
Women, Weed, & Weather
so #idgaf nigga i makes my own money!
Most def. Very excited. I've watched the trailer like two dozen times or something
the most significant package I received was the acceptance packet to Hopkins. You can always tell you got in when its big!
Soul mates!
Bosson. - One In A Million. >>>
Sleep Fun facts • The first CPAP machines for the disorder sleep apnea were made from vacuum cleaners.
Movie time
Very cool
Why are there so many people who never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity? -Unknown Author
It just hit me I GRADUATE TOMORROW
Say: ¿por qué sus palabras tan fea? Even if she's gma, she shouldn't talk like that. Call her out. Awkward silence>bullying
Costco is the best and worst place on Earth.
Its crazy how i can be the center of both they're worlds...
omg I went there last week w my friends so much fun
Am I the only one hoping the Sheraton at #NASPA12 has HBO to catch "Game Change"?
#FF The legal video gurus who make the #CLVS certification possible:
you were amazing tonight on the kca's <3
That sounds like an amazing breakfast. I know where I'm going the next time I'm in NYC. :-)
Wish ur mom taught u about RESPECTING yourself, PROTECTING yourself. BUT you better Learn to CHECK yourself b4 you get WRECKED!
better yet #Sheriff Duncan
…<U+2727> S/O to all the The chicks who ass so small That their back pockets Touch Lol <U+2727>…
Thanks for following! Hope the digitizing biz is going well ;)
Commission discusses Bay Area Congressional Districts.
If the world didn't suck we'd all fall off.
Squid dissection :/
Are you doing your own PR? What is it that you do?
We donated some LoyalTee T-shirts for the #espioc2012 PIO conference, happening in Estes Park. Happy to support these hardworking folks.
Im going to take this,Im going to take this to the top and I'll kiss the air....Dont waste your breath and just fade away
RT : Praying for my bro G.O. get better!
"Tink" is a toddler's abbreviation for urination.
RT Is #JETSNATION ready for Sunday night!?...Hell yeah boys!!!
one hour until our meeting with from ! See you there!
great website! Love the diversity in your content!
Living in LA is amazing. But not being able to go anywhere...is such a tease ad the worst feeling ever.
I think your purse is tweeting.
Not THAT into this band but the end of Mordecai is impossible to NOT get chills to.
The things that happen in Miami at 2:00 am smh
Hm. Nice to know how you feel about me.
knee deep in Backbone.js code. Really love the history state stuff! Nice work fellas!
you are funny! *clutches pearls*....lol
Yeah, definitely should have spent the night playing Skyrim. I can't play SC2 for shit right now.
If I said I want your body now, would you hold it against me?
Happy mothers day to some of you
Long time no tweet!
Tonight is the company Christmas party. I need to drink a couple cups of coffee. Some people pre-party...I pre-caffeinate.
I love Shirts that are blunt, shocking and disturbing. I guess I'm just tired of all the bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com
Son and I are on our way to see the crush the baby bears
would love to see you guys again. Doing a best of bacon class and cheese making class, both benefit UC Davis again.
Been working hard this week with We're getting ready for a show at our old High School. Nostalgia!
These notes can suck my cock...
Welcome & thanks Enjoy sharing Ideas.
Much is happening all over the world. Pray and share the message until everybody hears it!
Movie pitch: "X-Men: Second Class." Professor X recruits a team of young Mexicans to cook and clean for him while avoiding all eye contact.
exact same matt's my baby
say no mo
Cont. 'son' means "creation/invention". "... (so) that everyone who (or "that is"), "pistos(i)on" (his descendant) on (account of) him, ..."
I'm sorry...who has been by herself for the last six days????
We look back on the life and legacy of #Dick Clark this AM on GMM on
Happy Record Store Day! Support your local independent store!
Henry David Thoreau: To enhance the quality of the day... that is the highest of the arts.
true true lol
That's that high shit..
Crossing my fingers that after 4 days, I don't need GPS to find my way home (to be fair, I haven't gone straight home yet from work)
Hometown Heroes, National Nobodies.
Go from everything, to nothing, to having no one. See what you are made of.
#Beertown unites neighors together a month later: d&pdc Ring Leader w/ her dog met an audience member at the dog park.
Good morning tweeps. Thanks 2 all 4 supporting Christopher Leigh's music & hoping that all have a wonderful, positive, & blessed day!
Oy. This must be upsetting for you. Have u slept in there? Not to see ghosts necessarily! Just 2 comfort her?
Well, not really in comparison to some folks we know.
RT 3 LA teachers suspended for giving children pictures of OJ Simpson, Dennis Rodman, RuPaul to carry in Black History Month parade
Beautiful painting and message
#YouKnowItsRealWhen soon as u tweet bout head everybody start smiling....
It's a sign.
RIP to our victims who was shot and killed at Chardon High School. Alot of people may not know you,but we still love you.And your family. <3
Also, #Im4Falk because she is the one candidate I can count on to undo the damage in Walker's war on women.
Summer ends with a hurricane kick to the heart strings. I'm going to be super sad dropping Liam off at day care tomorrow.
A thousand things are going through my mind and the thing i want most right now is her...and i dont want her with anyone else!
are you coming down for the uk men's club volleyball game this Friday?
A Live Concert Streaming To Your Phone Now that is possible
History of the English Language students seemed really excited by today's class in the archives. Old books ftw!
first time watching it. Didn't know mark was left handed
You're probably right. The lake did them good.
What a performance by Manual HS choir and Great beginning to #stateofed speech.
We'll be heading up from Atlanta in a couple of hours. Start at 2:45pm.
“: drinking and chatting (nerdily) with ” nerds-r-us
WEN PEOPLE PUT U DOWN FOR THE GOOD YOU TRYNA DO AND CRITIZE YOU FOR THE THINGS YOU DONT DO WEN THEY WISH THEY COULD BE APART OF YA MOVEMENT
i'm at work on a saturday, and there are construction dudes in here painting or some shit and the fumes are MURDERING ME
I've never watched The Walton's before, but today I've watched 3 hours of it, not including the movie which I also watched.
Leave nothing to chance.
Follow me right now!!!
What's this I hear about cancelling Community?? ARE YOU INSANE? Please, people of the internets, watch Community and
This officiating is just starting to outright hack me off. It's incredibly uneven. Sixers keep getting these ticky-tac calls.
thanks for the suggestion :) that's a good song!
It was a travesty! Cinco de Mayo can be a wild ride. We even ran out of limes for a few days. We're fully stocked again now.
To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have. ~Ken S. Keyes
www.thredUP.com anyone?
For impermanent and ephemeral use, allow for payment of limited damages. (Doesn't this just invite fishing?)
good try it was writing down hwat to say in a script and using it
The only way to work on the future or to create a wonderful past is to live in the present moment.
Smoke seshhhhhh wit & Todd2 no cause he's being a grinch
Know the buzz words but aren't sure how to apply them to your learning programs? LearnNow next week in SF with and
We had a blast with the Houston Corproate Paralegal Association today!
Yea I've been trying to walk that line too...also the type of bread/pasta etc le sigh!
I love #7Eleven, don't get me wrong
Happy Mother's Day to all my facebook Mothers and May God Smiles upon you!!!
I've literally been waiting almost a year! For this movie to come out. And it's here! "The Avengers" time!!!
No more covering up those stains with strategically placed rugs or potted plants. Let us get them out for good!
i told my mom i was going to. Bahaha. (:
No love. I hope they die a slow painful death rt : naw fuck that. It's all Love, what's goes around comes around.
thank you!!!
Avoid beverages with carbonation before training and games as they can sometimes lead to stomach upset if consumed right before exercise
Waiting for the sun!
I am thinking about getting a BMW 120d for a new car!
are the lotus engines worthless or what? No speed and mechanical...
Perfect running weather! Waiting for the elite runners to come through Westwood at Manning and SM Blvd. If you see me, say hi!
hadn't seen the PC version - nice. Have it for OSX but it doesn't ever connect.
To be completely honest- real life boys are much more interesting than virtual social networking.
Stoked for Wu Tang tickets in hand...
The Gene Harris Quartet, "At the Ste. Chapelle Winery," w/ Ron Eschete on guitar. Mad swinging.
To all my tweeps in the UK who are fighting #library cuts, keep fighting! Don't let the idiocrats get you down!
RT : Missed this Monday. USAToday poll shows 73% willing to buy reusable shopping bags. 9% not. That's a good trend.
"You know what I wanna do?? Strut." -
Birthday treat #4 roses...no words
Almost. Done.
First visit to Zaxby's.
that'd be awesome :) ..we should have a tweet up every week
Great to hear Ionesco's play read aloud.
To Lucid tonight to check out The Hang
<--- #ClubInsomnia... Not to be confused with #ClubInSomalia. Totally different, but you probably don't want to be in either.
Josh because of the mouth on that guy. "Brian's a fat ugly chick" #Funniest1250Call/MomentOf2010
YES. #acp13 gonna be off dat chain. Great weekend guys.
morning! anyone else upset about the postponed yankees game last night??
Can't wait to watch basketball on Dec 25th.... Better late than never
@ great to see u 2 Thomas!
I just wokeup and ate cake. Oh yes, I did.
I sure hope not. :(
Have you been following the week's literacy events with Gov Hickenlooper and Lt. Gov Garcia? They are reading in lots of places in CO!
Debating rubbing one out before class tonight, what do you think?
I said it first tho...Gasol & Bynum Classic scene after the game
Got my pictures from Walgreens at State/Roosevelt today. Planning on dropping off another camera today at the one at Roosevelt/Canal.
Like that idea. What did we do before Google docs?! Thanks again for sharing.
L.A. Bus Riders Union to speak out in Tucson - Tucson Citizen Tucson Citizen L.A. Bus Riders Union to speak out in Tucson Tucson Citizen
Unwed, single mother Bristol Palin says gay marriage is wrong because kids need a mom and a dad.
Leaving park forest... Weather is great!
Realtors? What would you like to know about BLU? Share with us?we want to hear from you.
RT : I know its frustrating but quitting is never the answer - #autism is VERY hard but quitting is worse
Oh Sunday night- never long enough
my iphone battery is the most accurate representation of my productivity, still at 75% somehow..
I'm not ignoring you, I suddenly get deaf when I hear bullshit!
Pick me too!! ": *hand up* if you really want someone to facilitate a discussion on a 200 year plan. #TEDxSummit"
We'll revisit on Monday...": No problem I would #ratherbedeadthanred"
Follow me! !! Lets Network!!!
Home ownership sounds exciting and it is- but wait til you can put 20% down. PMI is a killer.
BNF: researchers in political and social sciences are the most freqent users + some personal searches
f the hater b/c crushing other peoples dreams is what makes our dreams possible!
From the dentist's chair to an hour of reading and applying for jobs…clearly I've pissed off some higher power
Upcoming GigaOM Pro report explores trend toward apps that improve efficiency of smart grid as the industry matures.
Ha! Love it!! just saw baby bro in the Ford Commercial! He's lookin' good as always...hope you and the fam are good!
I got a cramp n.my neck
recalls sharing tea and cookies in John and Joanne Woodford's kitchen with Bill Staines after a house concert. It's a random thought.
SUPER DUPER!
Its just a state of mind
You better bay leaf it. RT : I don't know if I'm cumin or goin.
nahh you just get my tweets sent 2 ur phone. imma make them stop. again. &block yhuu.
Off to the San Diego Press Club's Awards Banquet-wish me luck!
Who's shocked? RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: In Arguments, Justices Appear Sympathetic to Contentious Part of Arizona Immigration Law
you just had to be there to know :p
Pitchers of Newcastle Brown Ale and Sierra Nevada for free. IS THIS REAL LIFE?!?!?!?!
All I can do is remember all those amazing times we had together. I just gotta keep replaying them over and over again..
Go FOLLOW ! She's a mahomie, directioner, AND a belieber ! <3'. She follows back! (:
Heating pad
I don't care! I was trying to tweet u a picture but couldn't find u
lmfao, so i'm just seeing this now... did you do that? lmfaoooo
awful!! The nvr even ran a play
"Seriously mom,we needa go to the doctor" "For what,your third nipple?" " has 4 nipples..." "What is he,a cat or dog?"
Don't place your attention on who's leading...make, "The Cause", your focus! ~PTS
Since Ronaldo can score from 35+ yards away, might as well just leave him open inside the box, right?
Dying my hair tomorrow ^-^
Mac and cheese and Doritos for dinner.
Let go of the bio-chemical "need feeling" to be right. Let "they/them" be right, you be rich!
RT Everybody shouting "I AM TRAYVON MARTIN!"
that actually seems a little inappropriate -- i mean, really LISTEN to him sing that song.
Also the views I express on twitter about food, politics etc. are my personal views, not those of any organization I am affiliated with.
Maybe I should've eaten the pineapple garnish??
Not only is the power out for a reported 2 million + Houston-area customers, running water out for many.
Black women pregnancy test: stick a peice of chicken in ur vagina and wait 30 seconds, then if its bit ur pregnant. told me
Dang.. Patrice O'Neal. R.IP.
Arkansas places Dorell on paid leave. Glad to see that she'll be getting a paycheck and Petrino won't have to throw her another $20k
Me gusta la pizza.
I am never attempting to put pictures in a Word Doc again.
The weak are forgotten, Only the strong survive, But a legacy is infinite. Leave your mark live forever.
just made my sister, 's day!!!! I'd like to thank you personally for her tackling me!
I'm still alive but I'm barely breathing,Praying to a god that I hardly believe in.
don't matter
you not even famous!
flawless. How's it working for you? Are you dieting with that?
No thank yuuuuuu
My final was suppose to posted online for me to take at 7:45. WHERE THE FUCK IS IT? DOESN'T SHE KNOW I COULD BE SLEEPING INSTEAD ?
Like coming back to Chicago will make my summer<3
Thought nothing could top Pete getting punched last week...I was so wrong.
Can't wait for that! Retreat maybe? ;)
i'm so sleepy. o:
Yes! When??
Signed up for a practice GRE. How do I start studying?
how do you RSVP?
You owe it to yourself to read The Handmaid's Tale. Especially if you're a woman in America and feel like being terrified
thanks buddy
By the way josh beckett makes more than 86,000 bucks per day during mlb season. I don't think he gives a eff what any of us think.
I feel like crap... stupid head cold
Whoa awesome interception!!
thank you so much <3 it's hard work but SO worth it!
I think the same shop where u can pick up some dignity*
The perfect storm is in tucson arizona! Hell yeah! Lol
thanks. I love you too!
I cant stand people that kiss ass thinking that's going to get them somewhere.... NOT
I am!
I'm not even in chemistry anymore and it still finds a way to cause me grief.
tweeting .. Is 2012 really coming?
EXCUSE YOU MISTER STYLES WHAT
ah ok! I thought maybe something was in the water there @ CSC :-). I'm enjoying the new gig!! YES we need to lunch soon
Unfortunately depressives become quite expert at masking.
all I can say is you are welcome.
": At our weakest point we can not forget our most powerful weapon, prayer."
Gearing up for a busy week here at #BlueRock #Studios for projects with #WebMD and #Landings international.
RT : Why tying ourselves in knots? OW problem solved w/shorter terms, registration, expansive fair use. #BCLTorphanworks ++
Made a record with the Dust Brothers solely because they produced Paul's Boutique. Spent as much time asking Q's about PB as recording.
RT - NFL Mirror League - AFC pick 5.12: I selected D. Carter (RB, IND). Baltimore Ravens is on the clock, and New England ...
I love the many languages I heard in DC. Especially the language of DANCE :)
to slippery to drive
I love these spam messages "Hey somebody is saying horrible rumors about you...". I've heard it all before lol!
Marble flooring would last for ages if one would take care of its maintenance.
Im a freak on the down low.... Just ask him!! ;)
They think that's all they need! Til we put the oil slick called truth on their road;)
Singles event which means the church is half full.
Write her a letter. Make it compelling and heartfelt. Be sure to close with "Do you like me? Circle yes or no."
It was great! RT : Thanks to for lighting it up blue for Autism Speaks tonight. Great turnout. cc
ust got back now to start to work on school
bet my nigga killin that tour
no way man. xD I don't hate your brother at all.
Saw the live stream, Fantastic! Rock star educators an understatement. Congratulations again!
Thank you for following
Guitars sweet tea and front porch swings
Have fun tonight in LA !!
RT : BLACKBERRY, Y U NO HAVE ANGRY BIRDS?
Me without you is like shoes with no laces, a nerd with no braces, & a sentencewithnospaces <U+2665>
“: Can a brother get a cameo. :) #justsayin” wanna be in our family holiday card picture?
I can't wait!!!! Celebrate!
How's everyone 4th of July ? Thank you , to my followers .
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 38
just forget it! Ill move to Ohio nd u can be with him nd by the way I left school and went to hospital js
I'm now officially a SAG member! Now just waiting for my card to arrive :-)
pretty open schedule for trip! Late July would be ideal, but must check dates with L & M.
I feel like brooks should have tebowed there.
#LadyGaga "Born this Way" debuted at #1 in 32 countries! She is a genius, I don't care what anyone says. Anyone else agree?
stop by man, it is unreal. Even better than the one in Sliberty.
Forget name change. Win games! RT Bobcats Fred Whitfield says he has fans that want to see team change name.#charlotteflight?
Indeed. Hope it was a good one for moms everywhere. “: Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!”
I'm a huge fan and turned 40 on Saturday and did not get a RT. Best Wishes tonight and always!!!
Tomorrow is our Gold’s Gym VIP Preview event. If you haven’t already RSVP’d for the event, please do!
No wouldn't be my 5 either! Neither Scorsese/Woody made a masterpiece, but a real auteur is a real auteur, anytime anywhere
I think I'll work out this morning before work!
my bad didn't mean to fail. I'll run out there once kids are situated
RT“: Tonight is why you need an adult as President.”
yeah right! That's insane.. Though I herd they are having a deal on diapers. Might have to check it out
OH HELL YA!! RT : I wish Celebrity Deathmatch was on right now
“: -->TWO OF MY FAVORITE SINGERS! Never a competition! We had a great time honoring Vanessa!” y'all was sangin!!
amen, sista! Also, we need another Skype date soon! Miss you mucho xoxoxoxox
Closed tonight for maintenance, hysterical decoupling.
I rather spend money baby, I can't spend time . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
There's a bunch of great restaurants and bars within walking distance from #astd2012! Ask us before you're forced to eat at a chain!
Rocket Fuel Packages Up CPG Booster
And I'm out of Twitter jail. It was a long night behind bars.
can we have a shutout please??????
#RIP TO THE LEGEND OF GO-GO...... "CHUCK BROWN"...
Happy Thanksgiving, all!!
Join ICA as we kick off the season at St. Gregory the Great Church located at 5535 N. Paulina, Chicago, IL on September 6 at 5:00 p.m.
#What2ChainzWouldSay: my name is 2chains bad bitch we do thangs she give me that great brain then I kick her out Lu Kangggg!!!!
Rain! In San Diego? Goodbye two weeks of 70's!
Excellent lecture by last night at Boston College. If you haven't read Alex's latest 'Listen to This', I highly recommend it.
Motions tonight
what was your favorite wine chef?
it's tempting to make fun of the wild overestimates, but i think it's a mistake to dismiss the sentiment
Your life is the sum result of all the choices you make, both consciously and unconsciously. If you can control the process of c
Wis. state unions will decide tomorrow whether to vote to recertify. If you're a union member w/a thought to add:
Np - Catcall - Swimming Pool omg
Let's get ready to Fist Pump!
Kick off your Saturday with a peanut butter latte from DeAngelis.
ya u were really nice!! haha thats so funny u were one of those kids !
Megan Fox Is Pregnant wtf? :|
So much for sleep tonight..
I'm not giving up being a Ninja Astronaut for anybody.
Today was just umm... a mess. I'm sorry.
my wife and I get 3 calls a day from a co. that says thy can help us get out of credit card debt. We don't owe anyone ever.
All three likely to be in the playoff race come July as well .
Shawn I know you are here! I can see you on your puter hahaha!
Blessed to be with !
Curious about assignments and readings for your leadership class next q.. any you'd be willing to share?
people have cars. they can drive there.
Proud of you! Also, jealous of your uber book club.
super proud to see my boys at spling all grown up
Shakespeare said it best... !!!!
who cares!!! Jennifer Aniston is old news!!!
So Lent is over! Anybody go crazy at lunch today?
Wish my Suns would of made the playoffs. Can't say I was disappointed, because well...... It was kind of expected. Still love them though.
I really MISSED my calling in life!! I should've been a psychologist! (:
It has even been said that both of those guys have stolen some of 's material. That's how funny he is ;)
I wish safety to all those in the path of the hurricane!
Plan your party !
Need a friend? Text me. Need a laugh? Call me. Need money? This number is no longer in service.
who are you?!
I have a feeling that if I tweeted for you guys to stfu you guys would probably say no so
Okay gotta get my stuff done before #MARSunplugged! Time to take over #echelon! Excited!!! :D
Thx for the follow, and let us know if you'd like to receive book, clips, etc. Looking forward to checking out your show!
Getting in the shower. Gonna relax for the rest of the day!
Gov. Sam Brownback: quoting John Brown "I John Brown am now quite certain that the crimes of this guilty land will never be purged away ...
new fave add: #herewego #budweiser ugly rat dog but id keep a rat in the house if it got me beer always good to support and save rescue dogs
Go to a maple syrup farm! Tours will get you outside, let you to learn something new, & end with a yummy pancake breakfast.
RT : The start of brotreat with First stop rock bottom and show. Water Street after? Yes
Sick new pin.. Too hype over a pin.
Thanks again to all the wonderful people I met over the last 5 days! Have a safe journey home, and know you're all #museumsuperstars to me
Really wade that was Rude!!!
Ah sorry I don't, mine are booked ;) Pocket wizard 911. #MHCCIM Anyone have a set I can use on Sunday?
If it doesn't break down!
Know yourself and you will win all battles. – Sun Tzu
"Lmfao, this movie isn't even scary"! * Based on a true story* "Oh Shit" <------- #CTFU yes
The human mentality is so eager to HATE sumthin. I just try to play it off like it aint jumpin'
I really don't want to get out of bed.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
not right now I'm in choir!
Man you opened up a can of worms when you showed those cards. All your followers are going to want one.
AUDITION AUDITION 4 THE HOT NEW TV REALITY SHOW SEND YOUR SUBMISSIONS TO some hot women will b on this sho it could bu
I enjoyed it so much that I might eat at George Webb's soon.
Patchwork memory: disappointment when realizing Sea Monkeys weren't really monkeys from the sea.
Rushers Elevate Above The Hate!
Watching the Ladies of rock the details of #wfx!! Tori and Lisa are such rockstars!!! Its laughable traveling without them!!!!!
Happy Birthday (just a tad late) Erin!
it feels so weird not to be drowing in hw every night anymore
Fridays cheesesticks for dinner and NBA playoffs can't pick which ones better
Excited by what appears to be the sun as I look out my window.
sure did didn't think she'd ever stop whining. "I miss my mommy:(" Next time she goes with you B)
Some people are just so rude and careless...why?!?! Does it make you feel good to be a rude ass?
You're welcome, Mike! RT : Thanks Mary! I'm glad I'm not the only one who finds inflatable cats funny.
Hey hey #oceanside, head over to on college for a #mix1. At $2.29 they won't last long!
my cousins haa.. Josh your a dork.!(x
Invest in one another. Your community is only as strong as it's weakest link
#MahoneFact Austin is performing in Philly on May 22th, in NYC on June 22th and in LA in June 24th..<3
7x7 magazine is having a party...
Bahahaha yeah!! but kinda creepy, u go to fix ur hair and its someone ELSE!!!!!! dundunDUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Back in the big D..... And I do mean Dallas....
> Thanks for the #FF love. :)
that sucks lol I'll pass but thanks anyway
Be sure to place your EL order before our 10:00 am deadline! Check out the menu & place your order at www.EpicureanGroup.net
i like the way you spelled "krappy" omg
We want to make a more livable #LongBeach for everyone.
Take a look at the February Portland Marathon newsletter. Send us your pictures of where you wore you PDX marathon shirts and be...
Follow me please, it would mean so much to me since you are such an inspiration
Damn! Twitter dude almost outted the mission before it was done!
Teaching an Olympic Bound Archer today. Blessed to love what I do for a living. Spend your days doing what you love and it's not work.
Singing blackbirds at 1 a.m. while everyone sleeps....nothing can go wrong #VocalLullabies (:
HAHAHA. No. Left it at work. Breakfast of champions.
what is this Nike Fuel band all about? Being hearing a lot of noise about it.
Thanks, and I love the interview!!
Want to record a podcast, track some drums, vocals, or rehearse with your band? Come take advantage of an open schedule at ModlHome Studio.
RT "Well at least we know they got a TJ Maxx in OK City." CRYING at Charles Barkley clowing on his red frames!!!
Beautiful day in Hollywood today, met some really cool people. Also, Gotye is really great live!
In musty Seattle production office, waiting on tequila, next to pretty, funny women, prepping to kick ass on Guitar Hero Aerosmith. yay.
lol yes there is clean our room
Looks like it'll be a good night to leave the car's wipers up off the glass.
but why am I not as tired as I should be
Whoa. Holy new opportunities Batman. I like this sudden change of pace.
predators in an upset
the money isn't the problem ;_;
MBTV is starting right now ppl show that love and tune in www.microphonebully.com we on from 6-9 pm
Absolutely. But a play is more likely to be 'executable' if the defense is not able to easily counter execute.
Smh deleted it
#tu320 500,000 apps to be created this year -you can't hide.
RT : Does anyone else think Dior rushed that appointment? ;) I think Haider Ackerman is a better fit!
A guy is only insecure about losing his girl when he knows someone else can treat her better.
Here's to having a great day at work with asa... hope and have a great day at school.
Eph 3:20 Now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us,
Thannnkss. Sorry bout that my coach was getting me mad :/
That one the hubs actually said he liked. He thinks it's eye-catching, and I have to agree :-)
Bama cheerleaders are huge
Have you checked out the latest issue of I Am Entertainment ()? Great features w/
I got to play a ninja tonight... Fan-freaking-tastic! Thanks and for coming out and supporting moi! You all rock!!
Looking forward to some awesome #art, #music and #food tonight at
“: I see the problem here, I need a to go back to the Ladies....” O_O lol
somethings gotta give
Waitasecond... VIRGINIA had the earthquake?! (checks map for faultline)
My girlfriend has been listening I Woe is Me lately. I fucking love her. Lol
No one will know that unless you keep writing scripts.
happy Monday aka Bachelorette premier night. So bummed I don't have cable set up yet!
I tried dropping a fireball into in a cup of coffee once, couldn't taste it at all.
Hahahaha that sucks.
im#sexy and I know it
I can't tolerate anyone at our school anymore... That's ridiculous...
I can finally breathe through my nose :) aha x
Sunday...use to be the day of football now has become the day of doing MORE chores and grocery shopping...sigh.
I will open a leather bar on only one condition: it will be called Torgo.
We believe #business is one of most powerful forces on planet, & harnessed correctly, can impact in freakishly sustainable way. via
Lunch Time!!!
sour much?
Around this time on Sunday Nights I find myself prepping for the work week thinking What Would #RachelZane Wear...
Hey sup yall
Rotary International: 1.2 million members in 34,000 clubs around the world
The road to success is always under construction.
Honest thoughts on AAPT?
Hi. I want to challenge myself to write on topics outside my comfort zone, like politics. Who should I speak w/ at Metro? Thx
It's less current top 40 and more of what I wish was in the top 40, i.e. sweeping, romantic, bright, and far from da club.
I can share my Educators circle with you, and there are some shared Educators circles out there, too
Celebrating Russian National Unity Day.. in Russia.. for 4 days.. I HAVEN'T FINISHED CELEBRATING MY BIRTHDAY HALLOWEEN YET!!! :-)
CALLING ALL FLORIDA WEDDING PLANNERS! If you want to receive $$ from referring us, let us know! We will get you signed up in our program ;)
OMG I'm so drunk!!!! Hahahahah!!!!!
Because of the new CBA The Colts can't do anything with contract until 03/10 & Peyton is owed the money on 03/08 They're stuck now
Damn you adderal and coke cola I can't sleep I'm going to be a
RT : RT : Free yourself of the stress to be everything for your family. All they need is you.
Announcing "I'm offended" is basically telling the world you can't control your own emotions, so everyone else should do it for you.
Thank you Ashley! I was so pleased to be part of that discussion with those awesome ladies. Very fun panel. Thanks for attending!
im not a huge racing fan, but that shit is badass!!!!
any chance u coming back to wwe
We just secured a fantastic new venue for the festival!
you already know my nig!!
#IveAlwaysWantedTo be on top and I am!!!
So far, is winning! You have until May 31st to get as many people as you can to join!
Just started reading The Lying Game a couple days ago.. I can't put it down. Haha.
Tickets now available!!!!! 3 Shows this week!!! Pick one!!!! Let get a record deal Az!
My neck..my back, my neck and my back
inaccurate, TE coach is also there
you're not alone,keep it up!
She's right in your wheelhouse. Maybe more Budin's type
Excellent. Took me a minute, but am a wee slow ~~
#blkchub35 #Amtrak I'm watching trains go by! No
One day, I will have a commute where I do not need to give myself two hours to get to work on time.
Can't wait! RT Location of Feb '12 Hair Show is Georgia World Congress Center 285 Andrew Young International Blvd NW ATL 30313
hi! I'm Mitchell Glassworks booth 39. See u there!
Though the sous is really good looking!
LOL, when all this madness settles down, lets do it!
btw where are you
Bueller's love is more understandable. People generally love a big personality.
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 39
I say the world will not end tomorrow. That is my prediction. You heard it here first. Your move Harold Camping!
Bring on the storm!
Today is the day of our Coffee Seminar! We will be roasting coffee in store and explaining how each roast effects the flavor. 11a.m.-noon
Anything I post from here out is inadmissible in court....
not to late to book your fantasy football parties!! the countdown is on
what classes are you taken??
I agree with you -- and people will listen to you!
I have interesting C#/MVC opening in DT Chicago, let me know if you would be intrested:
Is in need of a nap!
At Global Gallery waiting on some 2nd wave feminists to gather. The juicebar special is Carrot Orange Beet juice- I hope it helps.
How about a mention for the Johnson County MS state Governors Cup Champs? 9th overall title - more than any other school!
In da mix with after party at legends houston retweet if you coming!
Ross and I are in the studio finishing two new releases- stay tuned.
Are you hungry?
QUESTION FOR AMERICANS + CANADIANS!!!!, Do you understand Max George's accent from The Wanted.
Beach tonight!!! <3
What is your name?
Can't afford retirement planning costs? Start with your bank's Trust Department. If you have a checking or savings account, advise is free.
I fell for it - Depp is supposed to be filming Lone Ranger in So. CO, so it was possible.
FRESH SUPER DANK BACK BY VERY POPULAR DEMAND: Herojuana OG! Wear NFL Gear Get a FREE GIFT on Sundays! GO CHARGERS! Full Menu WEEDMAPS.COM ;)
Gilbert Keith Chesterton~ Brave men are all vertebrates they have their softness on the surface and their toughness in the middle.
Morning Farmers...Swing by the Farm for Serenity Sunday & receive 10% off all concentrates! Our strain of the day is Purple Paradise,
A few showers and some fog at this hour but much better than yesterday!
Work sucks today..
Your pins made me forget what year it was. Nicest thing anyone's ever done for me.
Question: Why does sonic have a drive-thru??
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there!
nothing much . just school & work. wbu?
We loved the day today. Chicago is a great place to have a bike. Drop off at foodsmart and get all you need for your ride!
hahahahahahaha vampire cult... classic
bless you! I could do with a joke!
One antidote to the blues is to stay busy on home projects from 6:30 a.m. until now....and now I'm doing laundry. I'm too tired to be blue.
Jackie my lesbian lover ! Wasssapp ? Yes but I still eat shit.
Also the
why do all moms think tht they are qualified sugeons?
Did you know that Roy and Dale were great parents and supported adoption? 5 of their 9 children were adopted!
David Skorton, pres of , said this morning that there is too little said about NEH. Make noise!
Never mind his mom gave him the ring i was about to shoot him if he really spent that much on something he didnt need smh
Would love to check out a portfolio of your work!
Armed & Dangerous
um why does my bf not check his spelling or his tweets...reread niggs lol ps what are thinks?
Is Swear my little sister know too much than what she need to and none of us sisters bond we all on one sister backs like groupies!!!!!!
It is your mind that creates this world.
it hurts not to see u for a while but it brightens my day wenever i see ur smile
Rivera's been great in the postseason..but it's not talked about enough how he blew Game 7 of 2001 World Series..kind of big...
So htc vivid or iPhone 4s?
Saw that coming
Spot trending now in Santa Monica, CA: California Pizza Kitchen - Pizza (live updates)
I have to celebrate you, baby
Have to love tornados dodged another one lol
I would rather hear that than what's going on now on ESPN.
#Goodmorning #World Another #Day, Another #Dutch For #Breakfast... #Reset &
Just finished General Hospital for today! Gosh they work fast! I was done in 2 hours!
I have two hours between classes mon/wed/fri and I still somehow manage to be late to my second one.
eek! I hope I was acting productive!
Missing LA like crazy right now!!
Very impressed with the html/css prototyping libraries and
#BlackPeopleGoogleSearches Why DO We always need a race Topic knowing people are going to be ignorant thttth
I daydream of revival so city-wide that no one church can claim it. That an awareness of God pervades the communities.That He gets all glory
My brudah!!....u know me man, trying be the next hottest!...whats good wit u bro?
It's dissapointing to see a high level media member refer to fact-based arguments with rhetoric like "hatin'"...
Roger McNamee: only way to beat apple is to out apple apple. The key...HTML 5.
Even non-sexual creepy adults give off that uncomfortable vibe so I think kids can relate it to that.
#ImThatPersonWho is going to be happy and real...
hi Danny! Thanks for the follow.
i realized i dont come first in ur world...
That awkward moment when you want to talk to someone but you feel like your annoying them.
IT'S ALL STARTS WITH ONE DESIRE...
Seriously, if during karaoke you are going to sit there looking bored until your turn, you should go home and sing in your living room.
Everything will turn out how it should. It just takes time.
I'm gonna be wearing my Entrepreneur/Marketer hat to the event Not a techie at all. Tickets sold out yet?
let's just call you Fruity ;)
start 2: Manningham, V Cruz, V Jackson? Your thoughts?
Just tapped Petrus Old Brown Sour Ale.
Congrats on your new album and becomming "Most powerful". I hope you continue to influence others as you have with your fanbase.
Actually we love you because your simply amazing, handsome, sweet, talented AND because of your flashing toothbrush(;<U+2665>
life is hard.
are you busy next saturday??
Spring Cleaning/Organizing is here! Are you ready? Call me today (local St. Louis/St. Charles, MO area) and book a session to get your...
Another Day, Another Dolla $$ .
I could really go for some sushi!
I don't like ghetto boys. Not attractive. Act like a man. Not a little kid trying to "hustle".
Dunkin Donuts? Already open :)
the sound of silence.....two napping babies.
Came for a quiet dinner at #longhorncafe but who knew it was annoying highschool steel drum band night? This all kind of sucks!
Green before building / a change in our perception / why is this scary?
Hope to meet you some day also. :) Tell your friends to check out the new ep on myspace.com/morelikethemovies
I know. Total
Strawberry daquiris, roller skating, and Tuesgays at Barbarella's on 6th with one of my best David Bowie worshipping friends.
why is it every time I dance for and my damn booty hurt
dropping gems.
LOL I didn't know either! Maybe it's because I've been talking to so many people at the same time? :D
That's awesome! Congrats!
Baseball players are so hot..
What type of design are you hoping to see? Any specific colors? Any specific words? Tweet us your feedback!
sorry i meant drama.
If we can put a man on the moon, we can put a man on the moon with a pizza-cheeseburger hybrid, dammit.
<U+261D> RT : I'm totally okay with staying home and watching movies, if only I had someone to do that with.
Anthony Davis is so athletic for a big man...
Congratulations!! We just read your big news! we will glad you draw both your portraits too! best of luck to you both!
No, thanks.
Are you off on Friday? In NYC? Do you like being in funny videos? CALL ME! (Or just respond to this.)
Well I better knock out some writing!! Nite Everyone!!!
I will. Might bring the boys through if they come
ha ha
Is text within Flash files created in Adobe Captivate automatically screen reader accessible? I'd appreciate any info!
i have nobody to talk to , text or whatever !
Congratulations Ashley Barwick on being named student of the year at UD! Well deserved!
Lol, I gotta keep lifting, stay in shape bruh. Honestly though, I dropped almost 50 pounds.
Blazers beat a much bigger Spurs team 91-74 for their first victory in the summer league.
Put in work at east bay coach say I'm signable only one problem these Damn transfer rules
it's like that movie Panic Room, except instead of 3 criminals, it's an insect.
We built this city on rock and roll
jealous. I have 6.5 hours to go :(
wow.. this is amazing!! thank u soo much!!
Bo handling himself with total professionalism with after being attacked without facts. Great work Coach!
Listening to while cleaning <3
I will try my best to be friends with Thursday, sir, LOL.
Great to meet u yesterday, ! Congrats on the new gig. :)
This Shit is CRAZY -Same As SHIT)
Spring Football!!! Coach Kerwin Bell and the Fins open Spring Practice today!
ha ha
Watching The Cosby Show!
LOL, will keep you posted.
Independent News &amp; Media director to step down
: You betcha! First beer is $4.25 with $3 refills. First soda the price of a small ($3.50), free refills rest of your visit.
RT : interesting article! I sensed this theory after Alesia left “: Does Death Exist? New Theory Says 'No'...
and i haven't got any yet i have 2 tickets that i REALLY want just gonna wait till this weekend and then we'll see. :( hahah
FIRE CHEESE
it's 30 mins of Janet Jackson this hour in the Quiet storm..have a favorite janet slow jam you wanna hear or memory,tweet or call 239-1067
Spending all weekend with my gyal :-)
Thanks, Glenda. I wasn't familiar with the blogging of
Of the 1,308 concussion incidents that were reported 41% returned to play before their injuries were fully healed
“: and Laura if your going to pick on mark levin prepare to have your ass handed to you every night.”AMEN
don't miss death grips if you're going to refused tonight.
Watching 's ustream :D
What was wrong with ?
Hey there Karol E, great to meet you!
some men jus dont understand girls
draw me.
...or B) create an app or product or whatever that has a greater impact, all the while maintaining your brand.
this is awesome! much love from austin!
Im So Tired Right Now..Been Outside All Day ...Bout 2 Take A Shower.
I was called a perfect gentlemen by a lady at iHop.
I don't feel like finding my phone to respond - next week is last for TT. Join us!
HORRIFIC!! #RT SHUT DOWN CONKLIN DAIRY FARMS AND ARREST AND CHARGE GARY CONKLIN AND HIS CREW WITH ANIMAL CRUELTY!
This is gonna be a long ass day
Make a music video for I Would Do Anything For You! :D Come to San Diego too<3
Kidding obviously..
Whats the point of all this screaming, they dont listen anyway
Great show at the Ballard Jazz Fest with the BB Trio last night! Next stop: Cleveland and Tri-C...
hit me bout biz Turfy
welcome to Twitter! #Funky7 in #RoyalOak is #SouthDetroit's exclusive retailer or visit us online at www.southdetroitshirts.com
Looking forward to it! RT : We're beta testing our new site this month! Excited to share it with you when it's ready...
can't sleep.
thank you god for waking me up this morning and every one one twitter Amen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Disco biscuits must be related.to japandroid
bitch now we even. I took that thing from your bag an now you have my case.
It's tough; it's a fine line, really. I also wanted to bring up the mentor thing (couldn't keep up with your convo).
I really need some motivation in my life right now. Or at least something positive...
Pretty much. My grandmother on my mom's side believes that everything can be fixed with a shopping trip. I never complain.
Worst.Night.Ever. :(
of course! Those are worth the most!! Ps I'm mad you fell asleep last night !!!!
Mankind is made great or little by its own will.
Glad you're enjoying them. Thanks for reading :-)
One of our very first conversations (Linda's patio, years ago) was you describing a similar vision for a tattoo you wanted.
no problem. (:
just got done eating at dons donuts and just got the movie hancock on dvd for 7.99 dollars on dvd
you do realize that you're probably going to get 100s of those clocks now right??
u see Denvers Kenneth Faried last night vs Boston?18 points 16 rebounds incoming rookie of the year.Nuggets are better youll see
Racist. RT : Finally, the right colored metro arrived
Woke Up In A Great Mood Today ^_^
it's saddening to know that you can never look into someone's eyes at the same time.
Not even!
and other celebs talk about diversity. Follow tonight for live tweets from the "Celebrate the Maya Way" fundraiser!
what's good man. Trying to connect with you to get you some records for T.I. Hit me up
Thank you kindly! I am still a novice, but learning as fast as I can!
From Graffiti to Garfunkel
i hate this group of referees..
I have 2 brothers and 1 sister!!:)
After 5 amazing seddie filled episodes then that funny iQ one, this crap comes out and its just sad.
My mom " in my day we didn't call those girls thick we used an honest word to describe them, which is fat" lmao parents
Sales help wanted. Individuals to sell advertising on Libicard.com. Long Island area. Earn 25 percent on each sale! Email
The Oxford comma is pretty awesome.
Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it. ~ William Arthur Ward
Hey thanks a lot for the Shout out! it really means a lot
RFD? What does that stand for?
i think. Just add a pound sign infront.
lol. gotta be #100 RT : Just wanna S/O TO salute
Hello Anchorage! Dave Kauffman and Greg Mercer will be manning our booth at the Boat Show. Come and see us.
Awesome run hon!!! I was pulling for you all the way!
you should come sing with me at Rustys tonight
how is Lavo?
congrats on your launch... This is exciting
Thanks for the follow. Love you guys.
say what say what say whhhhaaaat
Fu*k a Hater .. go play in traffic -___-
hi demi~ good morning~ I love you~ have a great day and take care <3
Go big or go home.
Mikey and Madison u inspire me so much I can't stop thinking about y'all my heart pounding so much. Follow me plz it would be an honor
O! #GoDucks :) RT Oregon has won 21 consecutive games in Autzen Stadium, the longest home winning streak in FBS.
Can you blame him? RT : Pretty sure dude behind me was taking a picture of my rad new jacket.
After party after the show where the ladies @
Damn straight! Enjoy this one, Dawgs! CHAMPS BABY!!!!! Who cares how we got it. I don't.
Glad I got to see you play!!!
Professional development YOUR way is always cool.
Hey everyone! Follow my dad best father ever
Observation #1: WOW this place is intense!
You always* confuse me.
Listening to Wiz's new mix tape
I would be blessed if you would follow me (:
Transform 2012 - 32 exciting speakers on 32 different subjects relation to document management www.mpsconference.com
hahaha yeah, years. I've been a victim of it. Call it hopeless romantic
I didn't buy for my own graduation, but I'm getting a lot of pressure from the director to participate. I'd rather just watch!
Kirk Cameron is trending. Made a homophobic remark. DUH! Your whole fan base grew up to be queers, Kirk & that's why you work at Arby's now!
Clyburn "the last 1/2 mile" reaching the non-adopters
In search of peace w/ my creator, nothing else equals in value.
Are you officially moving to Texas in June?!
natelasko is looking forward to another amazing and productive week. Love my beautiful wife and daughter!
Best day ever - is now on twitter. He has the ability to be an elite tweeting machine.
Good Morning!! Thank you!! Same to you!!
Retrain Tip: 1.75% of Americans are chronically dehydrated. Blood is 83% water, Muscles 75%, Lungs 90%, & the Brain 95%. Drink Up!
Another school day done.
yeah aj gerevics is a tool.
hmm PGA Champ. I see where you're going. I was going based off desire to win $10mil or in Haas' case, Presidents Cup selection
maybe he got confused about B-Rock's background and was going to refer to him as the "anti-war Nigerian"? No? Yeah, probably not.
My first bee sting! Had to dance the hula with a swollen foot :)
I forgot what it's like to have a boyfriend .... #ThatsKindaFucked !
High quality, affordable Fishing Rod Racks perfect for you & ur friends We give you one-stop shopping & qualityHobbyist to the pro fisherman
i love going on twitter late at night!
If I was running the Sox pregame today, I would have snuck a random 90s Patriot in, just for kicks. "Ladies and gentlemen, Willie Clay!"
Is Polygon? Where did Crisco? Alone in the office today.
as long as we have each other there's nothing we can't do.
not anymore. Just got home. Well, home ish.
Wonder if Chol is wishing he went to UW right about now? Wroten wouldn't embarrass him on TV as often if he was a Husky...
Its official...my brain is smoked.
"MY ARTNOTSTUFF" Facebook app is now available...join ItsArtNotStuff and access our rich-media application.. www.itsartnotstuff.com..luv art
im taking a break ill be back in the morning. i hope i wake up with plenty followers. COME ON IM CUTE =)
Just cracked the cover of Bringing Up Bebe--One American Mother Discovers Wisdom of French Parenting by Pamela Druckerman.
The lightning is what freaks me out.
another thing to check out when I get home from work.
I love you <3
Trivia Night at Applebee's with Time to dominate again.
Back in NJ. Exhausted but my mind's buzzing
Wear something gaudy day! "People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile."---Coleman Cox. Have a great start to your week! :)
your welcome. Really wonderful. Enjoy your day.
oh wow thats scary
Raising A Child As A Teen Comes With A Hefty Price Tag
we eat it all the time. It's VERY bland by itself. I make a quionoa salad with tahini mixed in. It's great
I am so ready for a glass of wine
Great post! We're just starting 's online community back up and there's no better inspiration than Deb for that!
GORGEOUS! I love the dramatic composition and dramatic clouds. Thanks for sharing!!
Sending love to Miss Shirley today! Miss you!
yeah fuck that
I have some double stuff pancakes waiting for u lol
I am! Lol at like 7 or so
yes ma'am!
#penguins biggest bunch of whining fucks in the #nhl. Cheapshot fucking pigs. Can't wait till bitch #crosby career gets ended
Watching Leap Year with my grandma. (:
still not convinced of its overall value to a business. you?
Glad to hear it! - The B Side RT : great performance inHershey.Loved it!
Merry Christmas to everyone!
#Neworleans congrats to Cedric Richmond for being one of only a few to win against the waves election. Bet he grew up a JYD fan.
Sure would love some tater tots from , right ?
In my Hood to be exact ^_^ RT : Wait, does Goof really live by Mesquite?
Everybody on facebook and twitter is either a model or rapper
Damn I need my hair redone
Seeing the rocker chicks in Cleveland make Chrissie Hynde look not so tough...
Yes it has, I'm good..
If you’ve been struggling with a yeast infection
haha ever made love to a man?
Just mailed complementary tickets to the San Diego for you to distribute among those who are in need!! Thanks Tayde! B-
I love these pics, do you now live in the movie, "Juice" ?
really?! Small world huh? Say hi next time you're in. :-)
yep! at Smoothie King on 18th in Adams Morgan! from 10am-6pm :)
Fingers crossed you wake up good as new!
I wish I had some bars rite now
Enjoying this Monday off or as would say, Musician's Sabbath .. Lolol. Great weekend of music.
Currently listening to Brothers In Arms. I feel so safe.
Gwyeneth's Tom Ford dress is SO much better with tht cape. I love me a good cape!!!
Im really into this dubstep thing now! drugs help LOL!
WHOA!! at the season finale for #mystrangeaddiction I almost threw up!
Feeling like a student again in Sec 116.
Lol, I ain't knocking nobody...but do women really aspire to be Basketball Wives, and BGC Members...
u say u like me but really i think its just a joke
Me to.....Will u plz tel me how come u got more no folowers than the no of ppl ur following
#ILovePeopleThat encourage me to do better in life
WHAT?!?!?!? Im not going to be here sunday!!! change it to next weekend and we can all celebrate my birthday!
It's called a sandal. It kills spiders with ease.
bro got gout and the heebbie jeebbies
First u might need a resume? For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie
#YouWereCuteUntil you opened your mouth... then you got uglier and uglier. Please shut your lips tight.
I'm just so tired right now
i just need to tell you something.
I want to be more than a pop artist...! I want to be LEGEND, known to inspire!
If he cared, he'd try. <3
in a tweet?
Build ur Twitter presence w/ Grimes Social Media Promotions! We provide real followers who become ur biggest fans.
left the phone at home today, so if you need to get in touch please email me. :)
I lust for some trust.
Game over. Pacers win. Wow.
Thinking About A Contest Of What?
Can anyone confirm Lexington is still standing?
OMG that's so sad
aww really?! Yes hangs fo real this weekend!
new remix of Of Monsters and Men- Little Talks. check it out!
similar season in '99, was there an injury uptick then?
#NewEnglandPatriots ...trade 1 of the first rounders for #MJD and bring one of the best #RBs in the league to a contender
It was great to see you yesterday at USC's TRPI. So much information, so many stories. Looking forward to seeing you again.
NFL Draft Party! $12 pitchers of Miller Lite, All Taps $3 and $4 Skyy Bombs to keep you going. Draft starts at 7pm.
RT : Nice to have my discussion of Mesler's collection Notes Toward the Story up at LitPub at the end of Jan. :) Pop in....
follow through. don't speak about it, be about it!
are you high right now?
Leonardo Dicaprio RT : Moesha RT : Moses Malone RT : Who's watching ?Who are you rooting for?
what should i wear to my little job search? obviously not a shirt and tie but would a cardigan and nice jeans be appropriate?
I can't deal with this movie
i bet its a surprise
Mass. didn't solve problems- they shuttled it onto the hospitals and practitioners who are legally bound to provide ER care.
#erl12 rights holder can give you more than fair use if using CC licenses or OA licenses
Morey Amsterdam always laughs at Rose Marie's delivery on The Dick Van Dyke Show. I love that. They're comedy writers! Nothing like truth!!
my mom read the book... and the two books that follow it... it's all about sex. It's a porno in a book.
Twitter > Facebook.
Congrats, Lee! RT : next week I will be @ Malice Domestic in DC, accepting Poirot Award & running before they change their minds
Even when I dress down I shit on em these niggas dont know style.
I need a new job.
Steve Jobs had tried LSD, yes the drug, in highschool and claimed it a profound experience..nuff said. (and no! YOLO does not apply) right?
“: haha, faggot we'll happily fuck you up just as bad as Ali did to Michael on Friday” ain't this guy hard? Lol
What is with all this Celine Dion tnt
Agreed! Very creative & compelling intro RT : Dr. Wolf has a very theatrical flair. :)
I'm spending some time with the danes today. I love them and their lives are too short!
Call me next time your in KC
Joe Pug is like Conner Oberst if you dialed the tragic coolness down from 11 to 6 and threw in some depression era romanticism.
Welcome to Seattle Stephan. Hope to see you Sunday
Sometimes I just follow Twitter users because I like their profile photo. Later I unfollow them when they change it.
: It is not the magnitude of our actions but the amount of love that is put into them that matters. Mother Theresa
#DwyaneWade is at the #Yankee game tonight - surprised they let him in after what the #Heat did to the #Knicks today
#certitude #duh I cannot say with certitude that it was a good idea to take a picture of my wee-wee. or if certitude is even a word.
i do not like when nigga have all that hair down there, like get the fuck on
Freedom of conscience is more than freedom to hold certain beliefs; it is also freedom to act on those beliefs.
What a game... I bet very few people thought the #Jaguars would win tonight
Better time than yesterday! I just finished a 2.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
#WSWRC12 Cable Green says policy makers must hear about OER 1.Efficient use of $$ 2. Save students $$ 3. Increase access to ed
mentions that it takes many to build an arts community and her family, & friends &
Au contraire, mon ami -- there definitely are Debutante Balls in the North East. I knew people who went to them.
#Bears fans: Mike Tice as OC... Thoughts?
Looking at these pictures just kill me /: make me miss you.. Smh
I feel you fam! If the deal not right for you then it no deal
GOING TO A POOL PARTY TODAY!!! WOOOHOOOOO!!!!!
Hahahahah I was just about to say DO NOT let a pretty girl from bessmer FOOL U!!
Another day without the sun. :( Oh Chicago you are gray so often, lol.
roommate hunting is more difficult than I imagined
Watching Happy Feet Two!!... AGAIN! :D lol!
Group 5, Public Safety: crowd sourced public art for livable spaces, facilitating open minds through open cities
the guy literally cheated on his wife while she was in the hospital for cancer and then cheated on that other woman
for realz though, we need to hand out sometime. Its been so long, I almost forgot about your awesomeness.
Still, really want a nap.
Part of the problem is the health care system mostly separates MH and physical care. Lots of ins. doesn't even cover MH.
hahaha Oh yeah! It is possible because it just happened!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
At commencement u wear ur square-shaped mortarboards. My hope is that from time 2 time u will let ur minds be bold, & wear sombreros. Freund
Omg the trends.
AWW DID U HEAT IT??? Cold tea = gross :P
Thanks homie . Will do
Nick Is Stupid He Be Calling Me Gay But You The Bitch In The Mirror Straighting Your Hair ! #WTF Bitch Please
Currently working on a post about the TWEETUP planned for Friday evening. 6:30-10pm at Embassy Suites. Stay tuned!
What is your New Year's Resolution?
no i can do it at 4:20am as well!
getting in trouble on the bus . . .
"To speak is to fall into tautology" Jorge Luis Borges. I heard him say this . . .
good for you :)
QUOTES: The best way to succeed in life is to act on the advice we give to others. - Unknown
soon infos about the 2 new global cloud #smartgrid Intelen services: Building and PV process with Social Demand/Supply Response & game mechs
What's the spring break escape when you live on the beach?
We upgrade the #drupal dev experience. 1st week in general availability = a little over 300 new users and 400 new sites. That's a start.
Got music blasting hitting the weights trying to kill that built Frustration
#FF because he's so full of it. Charm, confidence, hilarity, good looks, shit - doesn't matter - take your pick.
Cats and music are pretty awesome. :]
At the grizz game waiting for a big win. Damn, beer is good.
Goddamn..i lost five followers. How gay.
The City of Chula Vista is now on Twitter! Please follow them at . Please retweet this to your followers!
Glad there's a 3 day weekend
Several live-prepared options tonight... Mizudako (tender octopus) and Maine Lobster (sashimi style or saffron baked)
: there is no human-computer interaction; there is only human-human interaction
The two most important days of your life are the day you are born and the day you know WHY!
Why are you checking out people's feet? I believe you are the strange one in this scenario...
I know. I just need for you to believe it.
#BWI Charter #Flights to #Cuba postponed until Fall.
Good morning friends
Idaho: Coyotes crush Carroll in NAIA nationals opener
Thanks for the bio and other misc info btw :)
Agreed. Now we just need to convince him to co-host a show with us!
i cant wait for cfd day ;) i got this bro its a plan
You're welcome for capturing Ty! Hahaa
thank you! My parents were trying to figure out what was going on!
Haven't showered nor shaved in 1 month. Wait ladies, I have a legit explanation!!! Pictures soon to follow.
they do!! :D they make my day :)
ms. I need sum pool time 2.....work...work..work
prep or at the event? Stop by tomorrow or Thursday... I might need help. Too sleepy to think right now. :)
Waelder says she fights hard for students against admin
engineering win - team fortress2 ?
Just bought $CLWR
Face cake!
Just like, mate with him. Simple as that
systemic for sure. Colorblind societies are racist. Ask a Brazilian!
we miss you! Hurry up and get into the office so you can provide us with awkward moments.
Lukoffs tried to make aliyah in early 20s—came to US instead. Lucky for me—d/n when first half-Jew, half-Korean was born outside US
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> damn just my luck, lol
Stevies Stumper is on the way,, be near a comuter, oh wait you're on a computer
i can't wait. <3
Soo like I really wanna see The Avengers this weekend. I need to make some plans.
Less than two months until the Shamrock Club of Wisconsin's 45th Annual St. Patrick's Day Parade takes place on March 12, 2011!
I'm so excited for ABDC #BoyzAreBack (:
How awesome would a "You'll 'Rue' Day You Messed With Katniss" t-shirt be. Huh?
I always fall for the JUSTIN IS FOLLOWING randomperson's RECENT FOLLOWERS! I'm so stupid sometimes, haha.
Craig Coshun just bashing the hell out of Corey Hart. HAHA hilarious
Saw the movie "Buck" last night. See it if you can. The lessons Buck Brannaman teaches are not just about horses. They are about life.
i have rehearsal tomorrow :(
I understand some congratulations are necessary! Hello full professor!
Count up
is one of thee best singers ever. The end.
Our thoughts lead to action, actions become habits, habits become our character, our character becomes our destiny.
"TweetHearts"... that's super cute. I'm celebrating my Birthday! Come celebrate with me!
I love holly so much
"A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way" - John C. Maxwell
CONGRATS AND WELCOME TO THE FALCONS!!!!
Browsing slave manifests on Ancestry.com. Wow, it just breaks my heart. A valuable resource indeed.
u made my day! Ur always a joy to see & such an inspiration. Ur energy & spirit are contagious.
You’re the one who broke my heart, why my world fell apart, who made me cry, yet I’m still in love with you and I don’t know why.
considering how much that "Designers are the new SV rockstars" piece has been RTd, most of the job listings r still for engineers
Sounds delicious!
Happy Birthday!!(: <3
hahaha yeah for awhile now
I haven't had a free spirit like this in a while, sucks I have to return to Cali without my best friend :(
Hi Jerry! Glad to see you on Kupoz! :)
in a foreign county with no international data so unable to call. Help via twitter would e greatly appreciated!
I guess I missed this one. Was this at the wigop convention?
My last tweet to #lakerfans.2more games and ya'll won't see my tweets again,bout to go eat this thunder Celebration cake. lol want some?
Sitting at the pool for the boys swim practice, with the new southern living magazine in hand
Why I love #NYC: Just saw some guy call someone out for blatantly dropping lots of litter in
WILD ONES REALLY DESCRIBES ME
Women screaming out my name during sex
no u wont i am going to tell it so hahaha in ur face
All Day I Dream About Sex.
Omg it's hot
We are pulling for you Peter! Hope you are getting healthy and will be back soon. Miss seeing number 88 on the ice!
i loved thaa video ' i cant wait till thaa new single drops :)
Thanks to and Mt.Zion for their warm welcome and prayers.,
nah, my lawn sucks. :)
#10ThingsYouCouldDoForMe 8. Let me play Spin The Harry.
Go Red Wings! What a huge penalty kill, full 2:00 (5 on 3) for Columbus! Red Wings still lead 3-1!
now following! great meeting you yesterday
Has to be Meeks' 54 point night in '09. One of the most phenomenal performances in college basketball history.
13 More Days :D
Tuna melts are one of my favorite things! Whenever you go home next you need to get the seadog from Erik's deli cafe.
Oh no!! Was it an iPhone 4? I've shattered two already:(
I waited to late and now I can't buy tickets to see
Big Boy!!!
hold your horses, what are you talking about?..
nope got Thursday off this week!
#nsx I want it.
Hey, FB friends - Canada is holding your messages to me hostage and rationing them to me sporadically. I don't hate you
me too!
Griga, Hipp named Slovakia joint-coaches
A good neighbor is one that does not put a password on their wifi.
Shirin Neshat's latest Book of Kings show at Gladstone Gallery is knockout! Inspired by Arab Spring- full-house incl Robert Redford
your partner at Sur is so nice! Great looking staff, good food, and they are so nice!
dont be its right
"Risk On" Comes Out Swingin'. MBS At Lows Of The Year
The School Board of the San Diego Unified School District needs to refocus its attention to the needs of our children – period.
No matter what the people say , ima love you anyway , you are my heart , I can't let you go
QUOTE - "Meetings a indispensable if you don't want to get anything done." John Kenneth Galbraith. SAME FOR COMMITTEES!
With Donovan and Beckham back. Absolutely. RT : If Revs made LA look silly will it really be a challenge?
Got great news at the dentist today! And by great news, I mean I'm paralyzed with fear for my next apt.
Happy I.S. Monday I will happily be #236 for the rest of my life.
#resume #tips Does your mission, and the mission of your company match? You might need to consider that to have career satisfaction...
We R part time residents. Always enjoy family time in the Keys. Doing a little relaxing, swimming & boat shopping w/family
"Education is not a red issue or a blue issue. It's a purple issue." - Peter Witte at the Middle of the Map Forum.
Caught a flu yesterday - still recovering...
ooh I do! Come over to my cube, if you dare!
Thank you so much! That means the world to me!!
Happy bday from Fig and JPL.
How many people using full private social network prior to event ?
Donald Lee...er, um, Jermichael Finley with the drop in the end zone.
Time to bath my white kitty. She isn't pretty white. I'm so glad she likes water!
Safe travels Sean! That's going to be one heck of an adventure!
I've been in Dallas all morning and I've only seen two things about #kony2012 Effective marketing, you hippies.
Cooking dinner time : 0
That's funny. Julia says it is kinda boring. I hope I'm not boring when I DJ. :-)
YBP Library Services () is now on Twitter! Stay updated with what YBP can offer your academic, research or special library!
Thanks for selecting us! Now we've got wings!! I'll keep everyone posted on the fun to come. cheers
And thar Is a LIE! RT : had a dream about #STILT last night......ss dont tell nobody though
I'm just jokinglol And I wasn't tweeting about you yesterday if you thought I was. I promise those tweets wern't about you.
that's one of my favorites!
what it was, what it is, what it gone do!...
The Ride with Lance Sweeps ends TOMORROW! Enter TODAY at www.Facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance!
Today is Museum Memories Day! What is your most memorable museum moment? RT with hashtag
Everyone have a good evening...
*Calculating stare* So should you, Ms. Stroop.
what is cider vinegar supposed to do?
You probably wont notice me but hi i love u. U Made Me Believe In Alot Of Things, Thank You.<3
we need to figure out a set training schedule!
Please do! All is well here!! I can't believe #HelloEtsy was so long ago. How are you?? Congrats on your upcoming show! :)
: Absolutely!! Loving #M31000 #blast & all of U!!
thanks for the RT! Good motivation for today
Bridge/Tunnel Stoppage: SB On I-664 at the Monitor Merrimac Memorial Bridge Tunnel South in Newport News. 2 lanes closed.12:26PM.
shit just left from da towns
davis and who?
Last week:Little Brown Jug, this week:Kentucky Futurity. I love rubbing elbows with the best in racing! Catch our coverage this weekend..
Can you wait? fans....5 days!
hahahaha. this is funny
Got a pair of CC 7oz gloves, and ankle supports for my training! Now it's time to get to work!
I had $1.50 tacos off the Freddy's Taco Truck on 51/Oklahoma last night.
Gonna make some stop then head over to the navy office...might even play ball in this cold ass weather
LOL RT The # of Internet users will surpass 2 billion by end of the year ~ still a long way to go to catch the hamburger.
Only think positive about a sore jaw is losing weight. Not trying to be my Hs weight though. All I was missing was flies. Ijs
I use tweets 4 marketing our clients services and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
The lack of air conditioning in my building is slowly putting me to sleep.
What is this "phone booth" of which you speak? I have hear tales of such marvels...
If Pluto isn't a planet because it isn't big enough... Does that mean midgets aren't human..
#SOPA is like trying to reduce car theft by blowing up all the patrol stations.
So guys, today I played Starcraft 2.
Huge "W" for the #Blackhawks v Coyotes
keep your tweets coming... I'm learning a bunch... and hear you :-))
#ImAStanBecause unlike most other people his new stuff is just as good if not better than his old stuff
Favourite sport besides baseball?
- i miss you too & yes it has . Too long. Text me ?
Lately, "writer's block" seems to be more and more like "writer's rubik's cube"...
I guess you know better what I am doing so why should I argue with you? ;)
Tonight should be fun. Geometry, geography, chemistry, then Mario tennis. #gobutler!
awww bestie! You are the best :)))
Thanks for the posy mention Chris! Happy Tuesday to you.
come get tattooed!!!
hey is dedication 4 comin out or what
Well in all fairness he sees you all the time. He probably never gets to see Rachel Ray :)
Thanks, Johnny! You just made my day!
LMFAO well I must have chowed down a plate of *fabulous*..
And that's the way it is ;) x
If everyone is a rapper, then who are the motherfucking fans?
I love Jochanaan's prophecy from Salome.
Life was so much easier when your clothes didn't match and boys had cooties! ~ Anonymous
Mommy, what's a Channing Tatum?
You got all meta.
is jamming "TEENAGE DREAM" by !!!
The weather has been glorious this week.
Crazy Dope!
adjacent mall? N*i*c*e!
...now i gotta redo my background :/
Djoker playing ridiculously. Gets to more balls than anyone.
questionin talent or skills cuz of their skills is differnt than questionin their ability & intelligence cuz they r black!
from which website?
I like Bearded Lady and Sanctuary. Both top-notch shops. Under Pressure is also good (esp. for short-run stuff).
Our seasonal #handmade #soap is now up on for our #wholesale customers! Tis the season for handmade soap shopping!
If you already have the band's cd "Hands All Over"? Let us know, we'll put together a brand new prize package. Sorry 4 the delay!
you make a mean manhattan. And the pizza's not bad either.
well did you figure it out buddy. I am in theRE and have one buddy. LOL
How to make a text sound flirty just put a ";)" aha
Up listening to old school KCi & JoJo
NO! Who cares about the haters? You have #Lawlorffs by your side<3
Dudes who say some lovie dovie bullshit on twitter for a retweet can off themselves.
Check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLC's @ stratejoy.com ! You're not alone for the journey!! :)
Can you please ?(: I seriously vote for every single day for you to win<3
how's you don't talk much xD btw you stay on for sixth form c
I'm a little drunk on you & high on summertime ! (:
We'll see you then! RT Couldn't help it, reservation made for 6 this Saturday…
that's what I'm working out!
If Venice beach and mardi gras had a baby it would be
I got second on the 400 & long jump
i swear i LOVE , she is such a sweetheart :)))
"It’s not that I’ve been dishonest, it’s just that I loathe reality. " i love this woman called GaGa... she is no monster, she's an angel:)
What a crappy game and a waste of 2.5 hours of my life.
Off to Door County! Can't wait!
Any other #AWP12 folk staying at ?
love you!
*Someone follows you on Twitter* YAY, a new follower! , *Someone follows you in real life* HOLY SH*T A STALKER
Tweet me up !
now you know how I was feeling when we first started talking 2 yrs ago. Atleast they are short lived breaks, we all come back
Stopped at WalMart for 1 last errand. Car battery is now dead. Now 2 find someone 2 help me who doesn't look creepy.
So tonight is the Finale of #DesperateHousewives. Can't say I'm not going to miss it. Lots of fun over the years.
I'm kind of the opposite with meat :-)
Woot! Almost time for whirlwind wine tasting along Cayuga Lake.
Yeah please your a life sava
This is so true…every revolution has gone through these stages. American, French, Russian, etc.
The Bears should not be allowed to make first round picks
only cause we didn't feel like going to DQ
Florida Friday! Gunna be gone a month! :D
#homelessyouth Reunification with families is key whenever poss.
jealous bcos some1 said hey......How sick r u?...
I can't wait for RUSH!!!!!
If you don't know Alex Zanardi's story, you should look it up.
These Hillsborough County summer camps include fishing, canoeing, hiking and more
Wow. Gonna have to make the drive down for that one.
“: With pick No. 138 in the 2012 NFL Draft, the Detroit Lions select Tahir Whitehead, LB, Temple. #NFLDraft”...mystery solved.
To all of our friends in DC, NY and New England. Please be safe!
The free sweater giveaway ends at Midnight Central Time! Follow & Retweet to score a free Ugly Christmas Sweater. Winner announced tomorrow!
Keep your body/sore
You're very welcome! (even though the finding aid site is down)
like omg so excited!
Someone text me...
oh no reply now huh??? I see
Umii is launching its own Beauty, cosmetic line "UBeauty" which features a young girls line called "KEIKI"
Blueberry-Pomegranate is the nastiest Gatorade flavor EVER.
Enjoying our sundaes at the #OIAicecreamsocial !!!;)
1st Fri. night Shabbat dinner of semester. HiIlel House looks beautiful inside & out (nice m/over 4 a 70+ yr old). Calm before the storm.
#gc2016 is in Portland. Maybe we'll have home field advantage.
Malted barley. water. Hops. Yeast. (beer)
Sick today and things that annoy me have only been compounded 10 fold
Rangers in the Final 4!!!
yeah we're in! Send me an address where to ship the tee
Hey, I'll take it. I hate Kobe and his soft team. Except for Artest. I like him.
wtf Anthony Bennett? UNLV and Oregon?
Men's Levis Shorts $39.99-49.99!!! Latest style of Adidas and we have the T-shirts to go with em!!!!
Good morning everyone its finally Friday.
RT <U+2730><U+2730><U+2730>"Experience is not what happens to you; it is what you do with what happens to you."<U+2730><U+2730><U+2730>
HTC One X Smartphone Available Now in ... - New Best Gadgets
Awww :( I'm Sorry To Hear That Doll :(
"THE HIGHWAY IS NOT A PLAYGROUND!" -
OMG! There's a fraudulent US Airways ticket confirmation email going around (spam). After this week's phone theft it totally freaked me out.
Oh touchscreen, you are a fickle beast.
I'm pretty impressed with what they accomplished.
#BloodDrive THIS morning at Saint Louis de Montfort #Catholic #Church in #Fishers. #RaiseYourSleeve Come on out!!!
“: Well I think that it would be nice to link up then!” okay then!
Mini apple pies are going fast!
well obviously
Had an amazing show with & !! Love you guys! (:
Director, Digital Research & Scholarship, UVa Library; Our Fearless Leader
missed the exclusive but... MT : Tune into your NBC station, and I will be discussing Obama's support for gay marriage
Amen! RT : But I don't want to.
suits are fantastic.
Starting next month I will have a regular class. I will keep you posted and let you know for sure. Hug!
Walking Tree, students go to another country to travel & do humanitarian work
Awesome pic Mike! You got this from USCG? So you're sure it's legit? Love it.
My 9 year old daughter just beat me at Wii baseball
morning to u... but its night down here soo night i luv u<33 talk 2 u wen i get up so it will b nite time for u wen i wake up
I see you have gone with Cobra Commander for your avi.
#eLatinas have fun LATINA Style Business Series! #LSBSDallas See you in Charlotte! #LSBSCharlotte You are The #LatinaEffect!
my parents won't let me!
ahahaha "OKAY" :p
you should do it
The Caps/Rangers game certainly could've gone better, but it's just game 1 so there's plenty of time for them to turn it around.
-- no. Just mike, penner, and russell. Id like to see Colton come back, but he's not quite yet.
RT : Who's ready for easter brunch? Kobe Beef Tenderloin, Grilled Ramps, & Bearnaise Sauce
Long zoom and geostrategy: the closure of the Tethys Seaway during the Oligocene (34-23 Ma) was the cause of the First World War.
Just left my car at the mechanic... I hope my baby makes it :(
If i could cry every last tear in my body i would
one day im gonna b rich..i jus kno it ;)
grandpa just learned about the twitter today. need 1000 kiddies to follow me today
Where have I been? (In an Italian wine haze from #TreBicchieri) Saw news #Oscars Congrats! Woo hoo Chi! Woo hoo HUM!!
I have to stay this afternoon...God is GREAT...just had to have a mini-shout in the kitchen
Thinking about a new whip. Whats yalls favorite car??
We have the best fans ever love them <3
Why can't there be a Santa Pig? Pigs don't fit in chimneys.
Yes it is
What are you doing with your 1-11-11 day?
This morning, covered this "skyrocketing" new trend with teens, eating and huffing hand sanitizer. That stuff is 120 proof?!
Dear accounting, I hate you. You are confusing to me and I am not prepared for your test tomorrow morning. love, nichole
that could still be 4 more wins than the Bucks get
Thanks for the retweet and have a great weekend!
#comonmannnn he is the quarterback of the Dallas cowboys I would hope not
Music fans, you’re in for a treat this weekend! rocking it on Friday, and on Sat!
you forgot "chatty" and "humble" in your last tweet to me :)
Had a meeting with the suits upstairs..Its interesting to hear people that think speak.
Absolute shame that teachers won't step in and say anything about it. Thoughts and prayers.
because DC is awesome!
yoo follow back church
We have UK National Championship tees starting at $15! Several designs so come check them out!!
'green Ha! Everyone wants to be the master and commander. No one wants to be the student first! Experience education! Need I say more?
its my birthday. Please follow me? :) that would make this birthday the bestst ever.
I got to feel alive even if it kills me, I promise to always give you me the, real me.
It seems like 2 years ago there were tons of hobby DBs. Everyone was writing dynamo inspired things.
We're excited too!
Speak words of victory, of faith, of positivity! Speak Life!!
#JamesTweet Today was an awesome day.
Ugg my comp is melting trying to playback this 1080p footage from the 5D MK II. Your right Destiny's Child, I DONT think I can handle this
Hey everybody at Big Beach! thanks for the follow.
Good luck today to Chase - get that license!
Bill Clinton: "poverty can't be an excuse to not make every school better" #educationnation #edreform fine but also
Just saw the French on the L train.
Beauty! 3-pointer from Blake! Come on, Lakers!
sure...be glad to talk
Little more Grip! Little less Lip!!!
Yes, MCTS buses do accept $1 coins.
Love hearing this news: just sold out at their Stonecourt infill community in Garden Grove CA. Congratulations!
Hey your texts. You have very good news.
Ultra-Boon or Mac-Book air? Tax free April 17 is fast approaching ...
Tough loss for UH. Still had one hell of a season, and Keenum deserves a trip to NYC for the Heisman ceremony.
What the hell is happening to Minnesota?
I use the Pens for quick no-nonsense lessons.
Strong Victory. Great job by Melo and KrisJo. Paging Dion Waiters......paging Dion Waiters. Care to join us again?
Right on!
Im dyin from happiness..ha :D
I knew Flo rida was gonna cover for the Rock
This storm is about to get mean.
Did anyone catch the end of that CU game? Who actually thinks they will make it to "Big Dance"?
we're the normal people of society :)
Who said upsets are only for hockey?
Although I faced horror, shock, and jokes about my age, today is the day I learned to use microfilm. I especially liked rewinding.
Hi, St. Francis!
Yo mi just eat some jerk chicken n rice come like I'm in Jamaica star..the food.shot yo
Awesome. I love a good 4AM fire alarm.
singer/songwriter/corrupter of children
neil diamond did the opening cermony for perkins stadium at uw whitewater when it 1st opened in the 80s
I think its pretty sweet!
Funny ass stuff. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Going to have good #SummerNight 's w/ Gonna make this the best summer yet. Can't wait. <3 (:
PIRATES - MLB Pittsburgh Pirates checking into the DC Mayflower Hotel this evening
Recommend Tubemogul.com if you have a web series!
Don't be sad when the sun goes down, you wake up and I'm not around
The weekend is here. :)
I'm so ready for the weekend
Wasn't bothered since all was so theatrical. The street locations seemed in her spirit & heightened the danger she intended.
i'm so obnoxious. goodnight xD
- you have been my favorite part of season 2. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
p.s. I don't think I'm turning in anything tomorrow....
Lots of decisions to make!
Pumped for Draft Day 2012. In Ozzie We Trust!
108?? I thought today was supposed to be cooler!
they're called douche bags
So exciting to see #AirForceOne land in your town.
and omg Jenna will be in the ep omgomgomg
Mustangs win the home opener 63-40 over Pittsburgh.
Dad: I was in a strip club in Dallas the night before JFK was shot w/ the Secret Service. Me: What were you doing? Dad: Having a beer.
describes simple museum interaction via vending machine
A picture's worth a thousand words. Just imagine how many words a video's worth!
Hello Day Lights Savings! Looking forward to seeing the sun when I go home from work. Spring is almost here!
aw i have a stomach ache. arg
working and studying all weekend..... blah
Courtesy of now following ...look forward to connecting with you!
so excited for #blameitonseptember :) everyone go buy it! Tonight @ midnight!!!! :) do it for the Los detectivos!
#happyfriday #dancers from !
sure :) but remember my phone blocks at 10 :P
why are you and toby being bumholes to each other's bumholes tho.... :~(
MY 11:11 WISH IS FOR YOU TO FOLLOW AND NOTICE ME <U+2665> #BELIEVE #11:11
Join Kathleen Shriver and me for our final Unified basketball game. Today from 10am-12pm at Blessed Sacrament in DC. Hope to see you there!
I just put it into motion. Look out bitches shit may just hit your fan!
I did.....you never texted me back. What wrong boo?
Tomorrow is a new day...can it just hurry up and get here already?!?!
after dominating in poker this afternoon i am getting my ass kick tonight!
Any good wines this weekend? Please share notes and pics!
Just discovered TheSpyFM via a favorite fellow vinyl blog, and really enjoying it. Bravo, fellow turntable lovers!
Just watched the highlights from the NNS race tonight. Unbelievable finish between Hamlin & Busch!
yea im not even goin to school lol . Just ask if u can take it tuesday aha
thank you! <U+E415>
Fans are starting to head out early at the United Center.
Gratz to you both!!
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success
Ah water tastes so damn good when your really thirsty
:) RT : New features coming to Screenr next week so we’ll be offline this Sunday 8-10am PDT while we perform the upgrade.
Trying to watch 'The Big Hit'. 15 mins into it and I can't bear to watch more. Such a bad movie!!
SABRE AUSTRALIA were just lucky enough to meet 's mayor of Splendour In The Grass. What a good looking human.
ain't a fake bone in my body but I bet he wish his hair line was fake #CruelWorld #BlameGenetics lmao
When people say things that bring you to your knees; I will catch you.
thank you!
Every black woman needs to watch Good Hair. This shit is jaw dropping
Honored. RT : 's podcasts are the best thing I found on internet this week, super awesome!
Well, it'll certainly be much better when y'all get here. Can't wait!
LOL. :D not to stereotype, but they are often mutually exclusive.
Yes! RT : #kclibrary presents best case for #Gigabitcity-What can you do that was impossible before? Library as datacenter
We have banquet space available for corporate retreats, graduation celebrations, wedding receptions, holiday parties or sporting events.
Settling in to #12ntcfrank - frankensteining your volunteer engagement strategy w/ my awesome coworker Still some room!
Living involves tearing up one rough draft after another.
I mean like, I dont need a girlfriend when I could just masturbate lol “: you cant masturbate when in a relationship?”
I want KStew smoky....I wanna be smoky hot...lol
Funny how you learn things when your friends knew a person you know now .
Totes dude. Blast some skillet!
NEW SONGS UP CHECK THEM OUT . MORE COMING VERY SOON B!
I bet all the teams today will be rockin' some serious SMS notifications. Thanks !
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "LAGOON" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
diet grapefruit soda sounds very Whole Foods:-) It's Tiny Tim time with the tulips!
read or watch tv on a reclining bike, yoga class or skip right to the steam room where I stretch
we may be interested. Email mike[at]viminteractive[dot]com and CC: steve[at]viminteractive[dot]com with details
Let's all trend #savebethesda pls to save mothers 4 valentines day!!! Pls & thank u!!
This girls I'm driving next to just did the suck a dick hand motion to me. Either that or she's emptying a bag of peanuts into her mouth.
we should bring the kids! there's no hooliganism at fire games, right ?
we are playing in Boston on May 31st and in New York on June 3rd! Will we be seeing you there?! :)
It is sunny and mild in Atlanta.
. I'm excited! Can't wait to hear who the semi-finalists are!
Wow ... Barack's starting to get really good at golf!!!! He actually won $24,000 off Joe this morning. Practice makes perfect!!!!
how many do you have ?
GUYS! I GOT ULTIMATE VIP FOR LOUISVILLE!!!!!!!! -JANIE
I love this time of year when the weather gets warmer. Can't wait for the next studio session! Bonus track for free download!!
Oh you dusty hoe
great spot!
Three nights of Dave Chappelle. I was at zero of them. Stab me in eye.
"Feel Good" by The Gorillas (coming out of the Teenager Wonder's room - can't help it)
Mitt's BFF Robert Bork defended poll taxes and literacy tests for voters, and he called the Civil Rights Act "unsurpassed ugliness."
where you from?
So over wearing bobby pins every day.
yeah, the mall sucks haha
It's been too long...get down here soon and bring Russell with you. Hope all is well up north.
He probably doesn't even no I like him
i think my face is gonna fall off #nomoreparties for a long time
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mommas out there! Expecially mine! I love you mom! Spending the day with you and good friends at six flags <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Catch #JoeTait and at the Cavs Team Shop from noon-2 pm today signing copies of their new book
Welcome to the family
people r still going to those games ? RT : 19 degrees for Bengals game..I might have to dress warm.
#Assad to Walters: gave no orders for violence against protesters. But didn't do NE thing to stop it. Just as guilty
Oh, what's this in my shoe? Red carpet insole. Everywhere I go, I'm walking on red carpet.
Pick up your yellow coupon book at participating shops and start saving today! Offers up to 50% off!
It got hacked?!
Up and at it again
thanks brian :)
I have a feeling were gonna take game 3!
Told myself Never again will i play this stupid guitar! But here i am playing & falling in luv with it Guess beiber was right
Wine Down Wednesday! Last day for Rubicon Cask at $70, this is a steal!! Who wants it?
the 5th would be perfect then! i have class until 1 though, and we're driving from SD so that's why time is a problem..
Hiring Children to Work for Parent's Unincorporated Business Here is a tax-saving idea for those who operate a business... consider hiri…
spit it diff new album soon
“ “ Don't give your all to someone that doesn't give a damn.””
you guys are gon' kill it!
You can't win on evangelicals alone.
headed back to louisiana today! sad to leave my GFM family here in clarkston but glad to be going home :))
oh Snap, Charlie's Angels got canceled, yo you really messed up Minka didn't you?
I fear I've run out of Dustin Penner pancake jokes...
Rare that so many people bring that level of A game these days.
Where's
hey is back :o
thought the Internet was a fad, now relies on it for everything. Whoda thought?
the entire time I've been laughing and tweeting the two offenders sit idol..what a bunch of amateurs..guilty fails.
I've come to the realization that I don't function well without long sleeves.
Ever since you left, I don't dream in color anymore.
One of the best producers
that told the story of the whole fight! Check left hooked that man to death! Lol
follow back please?
unfortunate fact.
YUM! RT suggested 'salad day' at the office to note our progress in Eat Well. Live Well. challenge.
"..It's hard to look right at you baby, but here's my number, so call me maybe!!"
Green Bay cash in their mulligan early. Another classic example of the Packers playing down to their opponent. Shape up boys!
Ok, who's got the remote control for the sun? Hit 'set' please. It's shining right in my eyes.
I think it's time for another outing! Dinner? Cocktails? Us? Laughter? FUN?!!
Surely Paula..Would Love to meet you
Just felt an earthquake here in Pittsburgh! Crazy!!
“: put ears on that helmet” done!! Thank you you made my day
Theres nothing i love more than pie
Ready for opening keynote with Angelique Kidjo (I love her!), Esperanza Spalding, Santigold, and Heems.
If looking backwards is painful, and looking forward is scary, just remember that God will always be there to walk beside you.
Have you got facebook ?? <U+2665>
bruh why u say that? You don't eat golden krust? I usually go to cliffs on silver star.
I can't believe Fallon got the Pres to slow jam the news.
thank you Anand - I hope they find her!
Eden Fridays Happy Hour rooftop tonite!! Nice and Heated!! Free til 10p
soap vs .... restful
sanding panels all morning-- humidity is lower but it's still gruesome work. #whereISthatassistant?
Been listening to that Brad "Countdown" at 1/2 speed--homeboy is WAY on top of the beat!
did you try torrents already. Thepiratebay.org or demonoid.me
Nice. I've been in a Stones kinda mood today.
Looks so cuddly!
Love hearing the school spirit. Performing arts overwhelms!
Thanks Eric, got myself mixed up!
Holy shit! Not only is bring Ys: The Oath in Felghana to Steam, but also Ys Origin!!! I love you guys so much!
Where is the guy who bashed at the beginning of the season on YouTube now?
dison plzz can I get a Hi or follow me I really want to be noticed by you and tht dream hasn't been comin true so i might give up
OMFG!! I thought ur job title was CUSTOMER SERVICE REP, not make me feel like an absolute idiot rep!!! I would love to choke ur snarky ass
thanks fam... Same to you
Have not been yet. Guess I'll have to decide for myself! ;-)
Raffi Torres is trending. His bank account is decreasing.
Geeks will be at the Jackie Robinson YMCA this Friday 7pm to help get their computer lab back up!
Hook us PC player up too plz! :(
please tweet me this is my last post but i'd like to come on in an hour and you have tweeted me , i hope so much i love you!
well I trust that they r going to do what they wanna do when they wanna do it.
IN SILENT LUCIDITY.
I want to go home this day went from ok to shit... :/
I strongly dislike when asian people pace slowly around my neighborhood with their hands behind their back staring at everything.
New favorite band, can't stop listening:
Happy Valentine's Day!
Me too! Keep it up Trish! RT : I'm super impressed with your early morning writing! YAy you!
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. ~ George Bernard Shaw
People, in general, crack me up...tis why I'm always laughing or smiling.
I need a hair do. We need to set up an appointment
Listen to right now "Get it girl" ... I swear got the sexiest voice in the game right now. It goes wit ne thing... keep it upC
Alright, I went to your tumblr.. I followed you guys.. I watched your videos!! NOW DO YOU WANNA COLLAB??
“The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.”
That is marketing skills. Particularly for 's things. As always, WIP.
House boat party at Lake Waco for labor day!!!
An artist life can be so exciting, it's the small things... I did some bees in my paintings this time, Maybe I should do a bummble bee?
Todays controversial question. Are trees bad for retail/urban spaces?
Remember to visualize daily --- it works!
Disappointed in you. You lied to me... Why couldnt you just tell me the truth. I deserved the truth... I think. Obviously you didnt.
100 athletes strong!! And still growing.
When your ex texts you in the middle of the night, "Do you still love me?" Don't think about it, just shoot him.
#ImminentDanger Zander: invited to articulate views, slamming series instead. So much for dialogue
Why is #JessicaBiel wearing that terrible wig?
man I hope so. that Chandler decision is looking worse and worse.
Best of luck this weekend!
The Clinic Highlands...2nd Place Concentrate for Strawberry Cough Nectar!!
idk... ur musical taste is lacking. I mean, this is good ol fashion rock n roll
Booked General Hospital can't wait to film! Had a great meeting this morning taking the next step, and I am now an official member of AFTRA!
You on a role tonight with that cute stuff. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Watching it's definantly recording, sitting hear laughing waiting for to #swag out the place (; ILY 1
Joe Johnson. I know... his contract is the worst, but he might be a better fit then Amare
Huh Huh Huh Huh Huh Huh...You said Wang.
I'm just so thankful that no one saw me fall in the movie theater yesterday...
pine cone toilet paper?
: cracking me up on Leno tonight!! Burn the damn skinny jeans!!!!
Biffy Clyro, Chase & Status and Soundgarden are among the new bands added to the Download festival bill.
Hey , so this weekend we will be in LA, any chance of a siting?? :) for birthday?
I can't even have one fucking day to relax, can I.
Happy Mothers Day To ALL My Mothers Out Here. Especially The Single Mothers. Much Love. Enjoy YOUR Day Of Honor - JayPrince
Thanks for returning the follow, Jon!
Mixed company, but always good fun.
I am trying to find every way possible to injure myself at work so I can collect workmans comp.
Jealous people :)
I'd destroy PACman like a Filipino buffet. Only difference between me and is that he'd make is look good
NEW STUFF COMING TO MOJO'S WORLD SOON!!!! SEND REQUESTS!!! :)
I will
It's Taco Tuesday . . . Rubios FTW!
Are you using the right kind of social media for your biz? Find out how on 4/14 details at http://:socialmedia4entrepreneurs in the DMV area
i miss u guys:(
Needs a model for a hair cut...if interested in receiving a FREE haircut, contact me asap!
going to Austins twitter and seeing he dosnt follow you is one of the most depressing things.
You may never know what results come from your action. But if you do nothing, there will be no result. ~ Mahatma Gandhi
You know it's not gonna be a great Friday when you don't even realize it's a Friday until almost 10AM.
The E Street Band’s Clarence Clemons would have turned 70 today. Maybe he’s playing a gig in the sky…
def! Been great, busy and being creative :)
On my way to Hoosierland where Country Boy is waiting.
i like coto but mayweather may be too tough
Waking up with arms wrapped around you will bring a smile to your face all day! :)
Right there with you. I know it's not their strategy, but fighting for boards is one of my favorite things about the game
Jealousy is really not a good look 4 u
#Pujols is coming to Los Angeles? Good for #ProSkidRow...not good for #stl!! Pujols belongs with the Cardinals!
Which is the best predictor of student success: per child spending, teacher training or parental involvement?
Fire on 6th & Olive is wreaking havoc on traffic - same time as starts.
Our holiday shopping issue is set to go out Nov. 17! Contact before Nov. 11 to take part!
Pierced my nose :)
I love him alot <3 Hes all I ever think about :D
Thanks to the 333rd follower/like-er, musician C. Jenkins. You (and everyone else) make this all special.
So true!“: Women always worry about the things that men forget; men always worry about the things women remember - A. Einstein
A modern Lysistrata! I love it!
Disneyland Day! Star Tours next!
Up to 500+ followers! Let's make it an even 1000, shall we?
hey hi how are you?
Gourmet Protein - Recipes from Better Fitness Daily Enjoy this gourmet protein packed dish Seared Ahi Tuna (Serves 2) INGREDIENTS 2...
“: I miss you” I miss you!
T minus one hour until #happyhour!
Yay! Can't wait to see it come to life!
you're not so high and mighty now, are ya? eat shit .
wow they got that
Contact and find out how YOU can support their ministry :)
you will love it! that is what i am going for, is a single anywhere in mac. did you get a single suite?
I can unwrap a starburst in my mouth in no-time.
would really help your professionalism if you didn't roll your eyes and pout whenever someone didn't agree with your opinions.
It's time to move on, and i'm slowly getting there,
#Anti-aging foods: #Tuna and wild #Salmon, source of #Omega-3 #fatty-acids that keep elasticity and firmness of the
I think I'm the one of your #fans who's know this....secret /haha/...... :)
Ok I'll hit you up now.
Conrats to #Hugo for 5 Academy Awards!!
One of my cats was glued to the TV watching Animal Planet--hilarious!
Maybe you are getting what you want, it just looks different than you imagined it. Take another look.
yes i do i always show teeth
: Congrats on the boy/girl news! Like you said: just made the best time of the year even better!
Love your pink shoes on the cover!!
Was inspired last night to see plans for center. Paul Epstein and his teens staff are so impressive!
Thanks for the retweet!
I Love Being With My Woman I'd Be NOTHING Without Her
i blame myself for leaving my tumblr open while i went to pee.
just find out are coming back to sacramento! fuck yeah bitches c: of course im going(;
I did! Thank you. Hope you did as well :)
Welcome to Hollywood baby. I'm so proud of you.
What did the turkey say to the turkey hunter? Quack! Quack! Quack!
salads are great. So are lettuce wraps (like a sandwich, but on lettuce).
If someone tweets"I would like a followback"would it be mean if I said"I would like to touch Chris's butt but I dont thi...
Better question: What are the chances they actually show up at all today?
Thank ya! RT : happy birthday beautiful :)
Computers are like Old Testament gods; lots of rules and no mercy. Joseph Campbell
Oy. Appreciate the clarification. Your Twitter handle suggests singular, it was a difficult call. I'm a fan either way.
help! stuck in my left-brain thinking about pictures just beyond my imagination; need visual thinking intervention
u say "I like it" a lot. Is that a crutch when you don't have anything else to say? Its okay if it is. Just be honest.
I might not like you, but I agree with that!
Thank you so much!
She used to be the sweetest girll
OMG, Merry Christmas sweetie:)! Thank you so much! How in the world are you?
thanks for coming tonight. And thanks for calling me Erica Gordon :)
And in the far-too-hard-to-resist category. (Wait for it...)
Contraceptive pill has medical benefit - Green Bay Press Gazette
This Friday needs more
can't wait for date night!
can you comment on why physician survey reported mean and not median salaries?
How can dm your crush be trending if you have to......you know......DM it??? Just sayin
omg you've given me yer heart, i promise it to feed it to the birds 3> pappy is looking down on us with a smile on his face x
How about six arms? then we can get food with our beer?
boyfriend Is amazing. Seriously I'm like dying waiting for believe. AH AH AH AH AH
When will you see HPDH2 for the first time?
If only there were some way I could find out what's happening on twitter...
I'm already upset by this episode. Why does Tina have to get hurt for her voice to be heard?
you are very attractive. Sincerely, every girl in the world. <3
only 6 more from having 300 followers... hoping i can get some help from yall and get to 300 by tomorrow!
ah. we've got a ton of jobs running right now. hope to upgrade fairly soon!
If a man is standing in the middle of the forest speaking and there is no woman around to hear him ... is he still wrong?
Are there any interesting magazines? We usually keep a selection of current magazines at our locations.
We'd love to make it down there soon! Thanks for the kind words. Let us know when you visit #Albuquerque!
so why do u need a wife today?
Mazal tov to for not having to pack your knives and go. How much money did you take home in total?
Good luck to all the runners and a "thank you" to the thousands of volunteers of this weekend's !
": ": I love you. *erases* I miss you. *erases* Can we talk? *erases* Hi. *sends*""
I fell asleep! I wanna see it.
Looking for a few #breastfeeding bloggers interested in reviewing the San Diego Bebe Eco Nursing Pillow!
Could this zit disappear plz
“: Today's #ThankYouGame challenge is to thank someone who has helped you be brave.<< showing me fearlessness.
#primaryschoolconfessions was back when pizza lunchables had only been out 3 or 4 years and my mom packed us one everyday. We were cool! '93
Do they make Hooked on Ebonics Spanish edition?
So good to hear! Thx for the feedback - we are stocking up because of it!
5 o'clock hit and I started a pot of french press coffee...only way to make it to 8pm bedtime for the ELS! Hope I make it! xoxo
some TBCs detect input loss and give the user the option of inserting either black, pattern (bars), or the previous frame, frozen.
I know that I’m worth the wait, if you can’t wait and be patient for me, then I know that you’re not worth it
yess same section! and can you do it over the weekend?
Oh, Christ. #Law&OrderSVU jumps the shark next week w/episode starring Martha Stewart.
Just attended the Junior Achievement Career Day @ Duq. Univ. The group of 5th graders that came through were great.
I did and did. Hope things are going well for you!
Nutrition for Those with Cardiovascular Disease | Natural Holistic ...
Jon Huntsman makes the most sense out of any of these GOP candidates. Polling currently at less than 2%.
TED AND VICTORIA WERE SO CUTE AND THEN ROBIN IN THE WEDDING DRESS MY EMOTIONS OH MY GOSH.
is it me or is every one trying took hook for for the fall
omg thanks!!
Just discovered something that will combine my addiction spinning with my day job: ! If I win I'll bring it to my 200 person office.
the JPA 5k is one month from TODAY! Register now at www.juvenile.org!
congrats. I just hope I can see it before I am too senile to remember what in the blue hell a redblue is!
hell yea! but yea after dat nigga brittany graduates its straight to her party & beyond
that was nice of you to give him money, but even nicer that you raised your arm up for the "blood in the sky" part... lol
Kevin southern, Brian safe, Michael creative. Tell us something we don't know.
Wait a minute, you're already Future Anna to the Present Anna I was tweeting to. So go for it.
Finally a hit..
Outstanding veggie chili at indy's old point tavern
I love Muji containers! You guys should see those
I wonder how much the actors get paid off of al the trillion repeats of Law & Order?
Oh you know, just watching some Charlieissocoollike videos this morning because I got ready super quick.
Oh, , you give me such great free stuff. How did I ever live before you came along???
Newport beach :)
I think any call made in your favor is madness.
cooling it and you
Very cool. Thanks for the heads up.
I've decided to call you the lady in red those shorts were awesome
keep it.. #besmart cause ish breaks down lots
Indiana announces proposed Duke Energy settlement
Hanging out with you!
Hello everyone! ust here on the Vineyard stalking POTUS!!! Wish me luck!! Only one sighting so far...
Will you ever shut up and just stop talking or..
I do not wanna work today ughh
yup! On 15th and 6th ave. great neighborhood Go to Mae (greatest consignment shop in the universe). Tell Marcy I miss her.
It's simple: new customers mean new jobs
I cried when Rue died.. All three times I saw it and I will always sob like a baby at that part. :'/
But yes, "Thanks for reading." is about all you can say.
oh lol sorry my bad
Got the day off, why am I incapable of sleeping in ?!?
- It's a compliment! :) I love the record - his languid vocals and bleak lyrics on "Afraid of Everyone" are a tonic of sorts.
So excited for the finale tonight!
is great one to follow for wisdom and inspiration.
NNRC is exhibiting at the #Paralegal Management Show, #IPMA, in Boston next week. Attending? Visit us & learn about our nationwide services
sure hope you didn't copy my bracket like you said you would ;)
Missed the show
The hooks are in, I'm afraid.
Search terms that brought people to my website: roman circus; coal tragedy; teaching was exhausting though I had summers off; women judge
personally I thought the beeping added something, it was like beeping: BITCH. PLEASE. BITCH. PLEASE.
My dream is to meet Chris Brown in 2012
That is awesome! Tomorrow is a big day. What a blessing for your kids. I'm on month 60.
I miss my faux hawk :((((
Am I the only one that can't listen to What A Catch, Donnie without listening to Sugar, We're Goin Down afterwords?
What do you guys think about SOPA / PIPA?
If I Die Tomorrow just know i love you.
I'll be on the lookout.
Braces off!!
I'm not a smart ass. I am just intelligently witty with my responses.
Loved the first day at my new internship!
Peter Angelos just left the press box area. He's rarely seen at #Orioles games these days.
you not responding to email since it is social media day?
A pun is the lowest form of humor, unless you thought of it yourself
Thank you for the mention! was so much fun!
Reagan. Drink.
Listening to on the way to school with
Pool needs more hours, open on Sunday. #Briarwood revitalization meeting.
Where is the best place for coffee on the beach in LA?
16 days for my birthday!!! :)
The poems flowed perfectly yo.
The current Paradigm Shift is driven by 3 technological advancements 1) Mobility 2) Cloud Computing 3) In-Memory Technology
"Don't bang girls from Jiffy Treat. Just don't do it." Wisdom of
Panos has done a nice job with Bullwinkles in Brookfield..great sports collectibles on display!
thanks so much, I've learned from the best! Hope to catch up soon!!
Did you know seniors have a special rate with us? Visit our website for more details.
hello all pretty good
Bringing beer and cupcakes to the party. I better get some birthday sex from the birthday boy.
yea have fun man. Idk what was up with u last night. Smh
Had a one year old's bday party at my house yesterday. It was fun! Dont have kids so I wasnt sure if I had kid proofed the house correctly.
No shirt, no shoes, no pants??? exactly what kind of service are you expecting, Sir!!! You know this is a holistic dry cleaners, right?
I had the opportunity to meet Drew - a true gentleman and class act
WHAT IS THIS VELVET!
okay its fine(: just please keep me updated! dont wanna miss it!
--> so how does one get paid to tweet?
Do you curse/swear alot?
Checking out this event at tonight
It's 11:00, and I'm already falling asleep.
RT : Conquering my allergies to head to after work for 's #twtup. #SMtrumpsDayquil Bravo !
Cleveland auto show
I don't sing Tssf songs, I yell them. \m/
at CBC's but leaving any second
There were a number of baseball signings on Monday with spring training camps set to open later this month. More on the signings later.
daww i love you too!
Man, look! That track is so freaking great-- and how it goes into 'The Art Of Death'?! You #won with that one, bro! DEFINITELY!
I will. Never heard of it. Thanks for the tip!
When words fail, what will I do? When words fail, how will she know how I feel? When words fail, will I fail too?
1st panel at #Academedia conf #GeorgetownCCT "Spicing Up the Classroom": Laurence Peters; Hall Davidson, Discovery Education; Eric Goldstein
Two good rides in Oelwien IA this weekend, Great pics but AT&T sucks so they will upload on the ride/drive home when my phone works again.
RT : RT "Worship that is not based on God's Word is but an emotional encounter with oneself" (Lutzer).
First weekend without plans in ages... lets see where the day takes me.
Okay so now I am addicted to Buffy.
I just noticed I have 15 extension pieces I don't even use
Hanging out with the boys eating some pizza , ,
pain makes people change
That's what I'm saying. I wrote a song recently called Overtime which talks about walking out cause the boss wants to stay.
Could Poe turn out to be the C.J. Sapong of this draft? I certainly hope so.
We're inside in 222. Surge Squad banner is hung with pride.
WORD SCRAMBLE WEDS: Which actor/actress has appeared in the most Tim Burton films? JENHYNDPOP
then go to bed
Take an eraser to erase that tear, take a pencil and then draw a smile on your face.
RT : The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.~ Arthur C. Clarke
Tied a blanket around my window
Judges are the weakest link in our system of justice, and they are also the most protected. —Alan Dershowitz .
I have a major crush on you kimmel is this really you tweeting?? C'mon boner? really? : Boner is a funny word.
I just saw a guy wearing a beanie and gloves... I know it's not 80 degrees anymore but dude come on
I used to sell furniture for a living. The trouble was, it was my own. Les Dawson
how are we hashing? #CIFF #ciff #36thCIFF #CIFF2012 or other? Upper, lower, inner, outer?
Got a Goliath-sized problem? How do you respond: "He's too big to hit" or "He's to big to miss"? via
check JollySavers.com out....support local
"Daddy, that boy is playing a drum with a tree."
thanks for the shout out!
I'm gone continue to let that nigga thank that shit clean lol but that's my boy I'm gone get him right
And is set in Burbank RT : it wouldn't be the same. The only true Awesometown includes the entire #Chuck cast
I'll be in the IND airport for the next six hours greeting CKI Leadership Academy participants. Should be a fun day!
str8 chillin...the rain has arrived
nicely put!
Project Runway message..you can wear it but better to believe in it...
Very happy that my big bro is ok. & home.
i got mine to :D
congrats on the teaching prize, PC!
right you know its over too hahahaha
Bonnie & Clyde took over Atlanta last night! Ahh what beautiful hazy memories :P
Thanks to GKV () for opportunity to work on the presentations.
sounds good then! I'm there!
Great show tonight in Mississippi you guys rocked!! Jacksonville, FL you're next see ya tomorrow. (:
Changing my name and installing Vista SP2...
I'm just going to leave the tylenol on my desk if anyone else needs it. It's that kind of week
Alert: Our Redmond Shop has sold out of our #DOFL Smokin' Hot Cheese Dogs! Keep shopping in support of Buy meat, save the world.
cause you have no past. NAH
I couldn't agree more. If you have XM, he's your only choice right now.
Our hotel at #casesmc is only a 9-min walk away from Intelligentsia Coffee Bar. Oh yes.
Aren't you followed by ? That's a follow I need!
makes 'the moment' go from last 2 1st thing on mind just bumping shoulders like strangers. MIRACLE! ;)
Great day at Plan to return next year. Loved the museum. Hope can someday have one like it in Speedway.
Ugh at home didnt go to school dudnt get in from Minnesota till 3
(JonnyPendragon) is now following me on the Twitters! HI there, Jonny Pendragon!
ya, not without Gozer anyway
i have been readin these if you follow ill follow you crap i been following her and still dnt have anymore followers
Wow Albert Tate changed my life. God this is my life, but I'm done with it. You can have it, I know it's not perfect but it's all I have.
well let's hear it guru? Remember your working with Fish Murphy Metta(rarely shows up) Kapono
We had a great time at the LA Shorts Fest! Now let's make some more movies!
I hate you Caitlin that's what I was going to get.
I know. Sheesh.
We did not run a contest yesterday.
My evil genius Procrastination has whispered me to tarry 'til a more convenient season. -Mary Todd Lincoln
Thanks. RT : This is your Go Purple Friday reminder... Get your purple ready!
Well I always seem to screw everything up
Off on this Saturday night and not sure what to do, back in pittsburgh A nice glass of wine sounds just about right.
Reverend Raven starts in 30 minutes are you here?
Hell no! I love but my #Broncos always come first! I'll cheer Tebow on except when he is playing my boys! Lol
2 police cars at Dewitt & Hume and a third siren on the way - something's not right.
this just came out today
Smile. Have you ever noticed how easily puppies make human friends? Yet all they do is wag their tails and fall over. ~ Walter Anderson
No! I don't work there...maybe ill try it at the water library ;)
DON'T FORGET TO WATCH ME ON MAY 1ST!! THIS SUNDAYY, CHANNEL 14 @ 6 P.M.!! AH SO EXCITED!! :)
Being Poetry!
it's okay :) I understand. I'm taking summer classes too. Just givin you a hard time.
Electronic Health Records (EHR) - how to solve the unique identifier problem and follow privacy laws?
Shrine it is!
Florida State in high standing for NCAA Tournament - Boston Herald Found on Bing
if only I had these problems. I made the guard I teach at do Philobus stretches today #whereismyflexibility?
Registration day mehhh
Him and Shurmur were together w/ the Eagles for 7 years i think. Im sure that had something to do with it. Im doing good! U?
WAY TO GO Really happy for you :)))
Literally eating by myself at mi pueblo.
RT : "So the writer who breeds more words than he needs, is making a chore for the reader who reads." - Dr. Seuss
Look at those wheels #Helton!!!
Thanks fabulous lady!! Love the love! Especially with the
So last night was fun. Thanks to our Marine folks for keep coming. It's always nice to see you guys ;D
Lights by: Ellie Goulding..
no more house arrest!! HOLLLLLLAAAA!!!!
he watched it in the hospital. Then passed away thursday
CONGRATS!!!!! Keep chipping away, one day and one LB at a time!
O.o
Have a great night to everyone, and remember Jesus really does LOVE YOU
I would be really glad to help!U're right.It's rainy?Let's relax at home!:) At least u.I gotta study.It was nice to meet you :)
Congratulations to #Avalon Consulting for the #MarkLogic Partner Innovation Award.
which wireless microphone do you prefer to use with the iphone4/4S? Still Sennheiser? If so, which model? Thanks!
Seriously people, stop using John Galt as your troll handle.
What did you do? LOL
Go Bobcats!!!
I think its Budweiser time
99 problems. Solve them all with yoppaz
I don't care if vinny is 15 years old , he will always be that 13 year old boy with the gawk hawk & braces that I f eel in love with
Oh, then maybe that thing you retweeted doesn't express how I feel about The Corrections.
Funny How You're Dead When People Start Listening .... O)+>
don't worry I have a lot to testing is over and they gave us so much homework to do.... And hope you get well soon :)
When are u guys going to make some Wrex or Grunt plushies!?! I wouldn't mind a Garrus or Legion plushie either :p lol
I am thinking about getting a BMW 316ti Compact for a new car!
gorditas! that looks awesome...now craving Mexican
When they end!
Wow, Fielder to the Tigers, just like all those reports on Twitter had been saying all along
Way to have more women entrepreneurs inovlved is to go where you don't typically go and think differently
John T*rry owes someone a beer. Actually, a keg. RT : Hold on a tick....RT Game off.
Saying the #Avengers is the best movie I've ever seen may be an understatement. It was perfect.
Prom dress check! Prom date check! Im ready and excited :)
hey what time do we have to be at school tomorrow for the meet?
The frizziness of my hair is directly correlated to how stressed out I am that day.
#shoutout its all about basketball....
Glad you enjoyed it! Those are always fun to do. Didn't I talk about leather hula hoops?
Just fuck his emotions ! He still wants me I already know ... He's just afraid to show it
RT : NEW AGE HUSTLERS
Very very busy day today...good.
My advisor may be presenting poster Will let you know. Would love to meet.
hurry up and get that song out there already, jeeze! We're waiting! =]
At the #artsforum hosted by to discuss libraries as cultural hubs with , , and
Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives. - C. S. Lewis
What are your top 3?
#ctvff i vote selna gomez cause she has that kind of style.
gea they have a 762 (308) can. Think I'm gonna buy the rem700 in .308 and eventually get a threaded barrel for domination
Happy Halloween! Be safe everyone...
The Odds Are Always Against Me But I Always Beat Them...
FEAR THE BLUE.........CARDS WE'RE COMING FOR YOU!!!!
Wait-- I have minor MS.... Holy Fuck Get me my medical marijuana card ASAP.
has boarded the plane. Goodbye California (for now)!
Does anyone do original reporting anymore? I feel like the news media around here is just a giant game of telephone.
I don't even want to go there!
10 men Americans admired most in 1970: Nixon, Billy Graham, Ted Kennedy, LBJ, Humphrey, Agnew, Nader, the Pope, Bob Hope, George Wallace
I could eat breakfast for all 3 meals of the day and be totally okay with it..
we can't wait to listen to our childhood friend, Bob Scanlan, broadcast the Padres/Dodgers game on Wednesday. Go Bob-o!
chiles orchard in crozet is looking for an assistant manager
Something to ponder - four years after Katrina, and seeing the empty stores/abandoned restaurants, what is the economic future of the N.O.?
RT “Indigo Girls Live at the Roxy”comes out on DVD 11/17!
your a straight clown
Will u follow me for my birthday? It's june 9 it's ALMOST close lol
The Goldy Shirts will be shipping on Friday (12/16)...and will arrive early next week for your Christmas celebrations!
ITS KOBE FAULT FOR TURNIN THE BALL OVER THAT CHANGED THE GAME
Going to see with just 8th at 4 days before I graduate! (: so stoked to see them again!
You really no how much money is worth when your stuck in the jungle with a hundred dollar bill and no food.
Very cool. Got my attention.
Ha! Don't even want to imagine that.
your actually on Twitter? Woah :o
You hating on me? thats not my problem, we living in ah world where people talk shit.
lol. Where you at?
Have any old books lying around? Donate them today for our fall book sale!
#MyThoughtsDuringSex , I hope he makes me SCREAM his name ! Best Sex
Job alert - Business Attraction Associate 2 support 's core mission 2 promote quality jobs & improve regional competitiveness
The future is here. It's just not widely distributed yet. ~ William Gibson
actually, only 2.14285714 × 10 to the 11th power percent make the NBA.
I honestly would never tell ANYBODY who got pregnant as a freshman "congratulations", more like sucks to be you.
Saw you at Twin Hickory last night, but didn't get a chance to say hello.
My timeline is super hilarious right now talkin about Real Housewives of Atlanta LMBOO! XD
follow me pretty please:) please please please
I ope the weather don't play this rain shit tmrw <U+2614><U+2601><U+274C>
Totally agree Luke. The guy can really go given the right situation. Flacco to Moss in 2012!
There only so much lurking you can do, until you look sketchy kid.
"Why did the bear cross the mountain?" "To take a dump in MY YARD!" - our postman
-Building chemistry isn't all on the coach, your best players have the best
Gahh!! Okay, we will wait because we love you!
OK i think i like the first dance group they were like....WOO freaky but still why GTB #6 JAACKKKKEDDD UP
my mac is a whore, but i don't know what i would do without it. i think i would cry if any other computer was my daily one
I bet you went on that Lilo & Stitch ride at Disney a gajillion times. :P
Nice win for Real nice.
Only you can love me this way<3
magical, isn't it?
Gonna get some carribean food
we can but no one will read them haha
In my world, there's no contest. Mexican will always win.
Nguyen says its payback time. Not sure what that means
true life: it will be. I'm doing this tonight, but different team/beer. Good luck for your team and applications!
you were my 100 follower!!(:
Blessings to you also RT : : thx, blessings on your ministry!
thanks bud.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who just cant stay in a relationship long ! lol
My kids were scared of the #HEB commercial. They are equally scared of Gaga.
Overheard in Stereo Type room: "Designers wonder you you bought your shoes. Developers look at your feet when you talk."
got it! great video and beautiful artwork, thanks so much for sharing w/ us! :)
Still can't believe the way 1980s video games bring faculty together. Thanks & !
Thanks for checking out the site and spreading the word! Looking forward to hearing what you think of some of the recos!
well we love alcohol and hot women in school girl outfits so... We shouldn't have much of a problem
sounds<U+E420>I just bought new cleats too. & ya 4 sure we'll practice I'll teach you how to go beast mode. K I'm noddin off nitenite Tawny!
I love March Madness!!
“: dinner? Lunch Saturday?” Off for family weekend. Thanks
Stop with the sharpie eyebrows.
I think that's what the power switch does.
I'm gonna regret this night. But in a good way.
I think that's pretty fucked up, if you ask me.
I swear that the old guy from "Trading Spaces" works in my building. Everytime I see him in passing I have this urge to trip him.
Leaving #SECNOLA St Patricks Day parades still running strong in Metairie. From arena take I-10 west to Airline go west to Causeway.
I'm my system still one of your best songs
Congrats to Bubba Watson the 2012 Masters Champion!
#BIGTIMEMOVIE!! IS ALMOST ON SO EXCITED TO SEE IT .I LOVE .SEE YA GOTTA GO GET READY HEHE
we need a bunvac6000.
New Friends
Can anyone recommend #archives or #archivists on #tumblr?
<U+263A> RT : 14 days left until the best physiques in the Northwest - the nation - and a few countries - take the Emerald Cup stage!!
I volunteered to give it a go tomorrow in 's thread. I shudder to think how great this could be at Penguincon.
Austin causes me to wake up saying "Maybe I will develop a good singing voice one day..<U+2605>"
RIP Whitney! :(
And the possible coronary for a few weak hearted? As a photographer always loved your posts from mgf to here.
Apr 18,1942: The first American bomber attack on Tokyo.
Google "Let It Snow"
you're welcome x
Hungry af finna eat n the d.t.m.f......
So on my way home i had an idea and i think we shuld have a #scarewar between us !! what ya think
Rod Blagojevich reported to federal prison in Littleton today. I bet he could have benefited from the services of a forensic psychologist.
i want one lol
America is not the only place abortion occurs
suck a dick tubby :D
Lovely impromtu catch with at lunch. Xx
Towson's Robert Nwankwo is the only player in the CAA averaging over 12 points, 9 rebounds, 2 blocks and 1 steal per game.
I will most likely need a couple clean pair of undershorts that day!!
Why did my roommate act a lil' negative about being associated w/a business card from a guy who works for minority rights a bad thing..?
It's almost Friday yeah
I've heard there's a lot of promiscuous sex. Need to start watching.
Only teams with a STARTING QB need.
What Supreme Court case, preceded by Pres. Adams's "midnight" appointment of federal judges, established #JudicialReview the US?
Alright Talkin Turkey gobblin over to cater party for Mayweather event tonight
Here if you need me.
did they build that?!?!
bet, ill check you out over there when I get a chance.
Why are they rereleasing old movies in 3D. Come one Hollywood just move forward with new movies. WTF!!
Yes Screen Gems is coming!
“For freedom Christ has set us free; stand firm therefore, and do not submit again to a yoke of slavery.” Galatians 5:1
I'm playing the Les Paul tribute on #google. Very cool.
I originally began driving a cab to pay the bills while I contemplated a career.
starting a photography blog...stay tuned
oh it was out of the ordinary here too!
I hate playin the waitin game. Will he text wont he text? Does he like me like I like him? Oh this is so high school lol!
Welcome! Hope you have fun. RT : Hello Vegas, my best frenemy.
damn those are sexy!!! They're perfect for you :))
It's not the things I know that I don't know, it's the things that I don't know that I don't know.
lmao yes and lame ass *$
My soon-to-be-grad-student all jazzed about lecture from , now ready to go hit CF&I archives in Pueblo!
#NOWFOLLOWING , follow them NOW NOW NOW GO :D
that's in line with my last experience in the agency world, we were treated like domestic help most of the time too
i love dinos.
I know, it's really kicked off today!
They should have edited out the part where he double-dribbles... :)
I'm on now - was away from the net for the weekend... what's up?
Hey everyone please tag us to your #FF today! Don't forget today @ 6pm EST we're releasing the "Babyface Nelson" music video!!!
Lol this is true.
No, not anymore. I used to have cheat days but started getting sick after eating gluten. I'll occasionally have a GF treat.
#iplspring significant, nontrademark, uses of the mark = aesthetic functionality, undermine TM protection
Today is awesome, revisited. Probably because I got something like 9 hours of sleep last night due to passing out post-
I loved trial and error... only because I didn't have to buy ink. Lol.
Jpro120 hell no lol we got smoked. Celebratoing a teammate's birthday. 2 shots in + 3 beers anf im hammered
completely adorable!!
this is going to be a greeat summer, i just know it!!
"Self-discipline, although difficult, and not always easy while combating negative emotions, should be a defensive measure. At least we w
FBI, Scottish prosecutor visit Libya for Lockerbie bombing investigation - Fox News
Tragic trip on Andover. Two friends killed in crash. Woman accused of driving drunk and causing it. More at 5:30 on
Exciting News! Our Second NWA workshop series starts this Sunday afternoon in Springdale. Stay tuned for updates and pics!
i'm not gonna give up i don't care how many followers i lose I just care about meeting you for my birthday tomorrow.
#20ThingsAboutMe, I'll never be the one to bring someone down, it just makes me feel bad afterwards.. I like to think highly of everyone
Review: Amazon Kindle Touch | Organizer
Missing my Washington friends
I wanna see this hot police officer. There's just something about a man in uniform XD
what time are you skyping tonight?
chula vista
Today I discovered, in front of a large group of new people I just met, that I've been saying elitist as a-light-us my whole life instea ...
But I’m not giving up on this; we’ve come too far Just to throw all we have into the wind
Your so so so welcome sweetie!!:D
TONIGHT THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT/ POOL PARTY IS AT CLUB FUEGO! COME JOIN OVER 1000 TEENS! LINE STARTS AT 6PM! $10 COVER CHARGE BEFORE 8PM!
#Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other. - John F. Kennedy
I like your at name
Hi Jeff. So glad you enjoyed our panel. We had a great time. Thanks for the shout out.
Developing an email strategy helps determine the frequency as well as the content of each email being deployed. Eventually your customers...
yes! One of the best for sure.
Life is no brief candle to me.It's a splendid torch which I've got a hold of for the moment & I want to make it burn as brightly as possible
The help desk woman at Continental Airlines was so nice that I only want to fly with them now. What happened to other customer service a ...
Hahaha she thinks she can do all this shit to me when she's never been in my fucking life and now she decides to be my mom.
lol I shouldn't of talked him into it
Just me and my daughter....only one person missing my other half Lamar!!!
- what time does the event start again?
Started my day out with perfectly straightened hair. Now it's frizzy. -_-
Still waiting on #oomf to hit me up so I.can see were her mind at
I think snark is fat-free though.
I need to have me some fun this weekend
Anything that requires me to think, can
Welcome to the Facebook launch site of In Your Shoes Graphics
Practicing in McLean today. Working with area dental specialists for the best care for our mutual patients.
Bus is here!
happy anniversary iconiacz<3april 14,2011; the day we all started to love ,a day ill never forget<3love u boyz with all my heart!
Appreciate candidates that are running for SD offices that use Twitter to interact w/ the public. Robotic endorsement announcements r dull.
lls well thats down right disrespectful
Shout out to my young ... We be swervin in the streets
I don't know what that means. But I think the Newark airport is the worst.
Do you know a Set Designer? Are you one? Let's talk for 10 minutes (and you might change the world).
It's gonna happen. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00BA> “: I feel like I'm becoming an #alphamale just by saying it so much :D <U+E52A><U+E00E>”
Their whole athletic program will be tainted
"Do you want to go for a walk with me?" "Sure." [translate: sure, because saying 'no' lowers future sex probability 74%.]
Actually the fun part is that I'm heading back to UAE *-*
TGIF! We've almost made it to the 2012, y'all! Celebrate with us tonight, we're here until 11PM and ready to offer you all some great deals!
You could see it coming, I could see it coming, it was apparent how they easily could lose that game, and yet...and yet...
Netflix needs to step it up on the Christmas selection, I didn't get an apple tv to not enjoy Christmas movies..<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0085>
So sick, wish I could go to sleep, but I can't breathe.
Well it was tight but for Meryl 17 is a charm
Bananas for fruit salads will keep their natural color if sprinkled with powdered sugar or lemon juice
not you too...it's an epidemic
Looks like I need to stay away from coffee for the next few months. My body hates caffeine, all of a sudden.
BEAUTIFUL weather Natchez THE last remaining steamboat on Mississippi river. "Big wheel keeps on turnin'" Check us out. DUKES are on deck.
Robert Downey, Jr. can't stand on an apple crate now
Never, never, never, never easy
Love is not consolation. It is light.
Much respect to you, Mr. Hall.
Check out #valentinesday posts full of poetry, photos, ruminations and rants via
RT Also, Mancari cleared waivers. RT : According to TSN Matt Ellis has been waived.
funniest guy on Twitter!
Hm.....interesting :)
mine too<3 it takes good care of me(:
next months meet-up on Sept. 21, will be about Audio Description. More details to follow.
My sister is hysterically laughing at me. I ask her what's so funny and she tells me," you have long hair and skinny legs." what the heck?
R.I.P. Tony DeZuniga. Always a shame to lose anyone in the comics world, even more rough when it's someone so damned talented.
We are now hiring!! Come join our team! Send us those resumes!!
haha yes they do !!!!! Like AsAp but right now I'm in the states for a school trip LOL & it was so fun today but were going
heck ya it's only getting warmer right? Calling all divers let's go diving
what is up with people not knowing how to drive in parking lots?! nearly got rammed twice.
About to go blow a paycheck at Keeneland. Who's with me?
...It looks like you"ve hit a following limit. I went to your facebook account to request to join. Thank you :) Kasia
RT : "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." Steve Jobs
wish I could hahah :) but I unfortunately can't
what event in AZ?
happy easter to you indeed!
That's fantastic.
I love hearing the indy cars on the track from my backyard :)
I just had a cinnamon raisin bagel without the dang raisins
Studying abroad or taking a leave of absence for Spring 2012? Please remember, December 1st is the cancellation deadline!
Still waiting for James Franco to announce an Oscar Wilde biopic...
Happy mothers day to all the mama's out there! Hope your loved ones treated you extra extra special today! :)
Not yet I haven't. Lol
RT : Principle of Most Time: Most elegant & simple solution to any design problem will be the one that requires the most dev effort
Serenity Affairs: Hello May
yo yo hit me phone bro
David Guetta looks too much like for me.
Awesome performance by last night! Loving the new album and the handmade cd cover!
yoooooooo, we gonna chill today or what?
Thanks for the RT on our May 16th Career Fair in #ROC - hundreds of qualified job seekers to fill open positions!
Ha! Thanks mang! I'm glad you picked up on such subtle subtext.
I felt much the same when I said hello to you at Sasquatch while wearing a WFMU shirt.
Just had a SUPER FUN Skype visit with 's awesome 6th grade class!
everything you post is relevant as fuck.
how r u this evening sweety and the fam??
Ah! It now exists!
I swear was my favorite bad girl. She defended herself to all them bitches and pushed through!
Second day at work and they named me "MVM" Most Valuable Mexican.
Definitely not one of my best days /:
being single = less drama, but lonely. being in a relationship = chance of being cheated, but chance of being loved. choose wisely..
Did any of my followers buy Lana Del Rey's Born To Die album? What do you think? I'm listening to it right now...loving it so far.
its my birthday today, and the best present ever would be a tweet from you!
No, you really should go.
It's so fitting that it was my favorite player too, Mike Green.
RT : Hate texting people first&gt;&gt;
“: Awesome #FollowFriday ” Thank you!!!
yes you :)
Thanks ushers!!!
I hope you get motorboated by a fucking porcupine!
Pinterest can be used in the classroom setting... ask me for ideas...
OMG! I've been looking for this movie since I saw it in my Irish Film History class in 2004! You must watch...FLYING SAUCER ROCK & ROLL!...
I don't have plans to go to that concert just yet, but that could change in the future ^_^
at my movie theatre they gave away glow sticks that say never say never! i didnt get one, i got my tickets online! :(
aw, jordyn! I miss you too and you definitely made my day with that tweet <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Don't want shit to do with nobody from that way , mfs be playing BOTH sides .
Glen Campbell said "what do I do? Where do I go? I forgot" #alzheimers...poor thing
Shoot--did not know about the businessman special! Will know next time. :)
#Lyra12 according to Cross in 2012 we should watch for more software & services and supplies price increases,
hope there aren't any rolling blackouts. You should be tops in box office this weekend
Boston with the winn!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
I love my special someone more than a nerd loves math class
awww man, I thought the #lakers were on tonight, LOL!
Gonna start writing my iconiac love story again!! Anyone who hasnt started reading all the parts i wrote are in my favs!!!
I'm goin to get a phone in just a little :)
The move into our new office is complete!! I have now taken over a bigger room at home...plenty of space to move about and store equipment!!
self-high-five
I just got home from a family reunion, and it surprisingly went really good. No food was even thrown. Thats always a plus. :-)
You couldn't bring over a casserole but a severed hand is okay?
More great DHWI instructors: [+]
well I have spell check**** haha only apples wouldn't know that!
Gusgus! Why does it always go back to prison?? whats that phrase u love so much??
KOA all day
No names of suspects will be released in #hazing homicide, says State Attorney Lawson Lamar. 'We never shy away from difficult prosecutions'
Grammar : It's the difference between knowing your shit & knowing you’re shit.
RT If you have an opinion on what other adults do consensually w/ other adults when they take their pants off, you're a weirdo.
check your inbox :P And I can find more lol
Your Twitter handle is adorable!
Im up here rockin this light show!! And i'm workin the sound board
Middle fingers for everyone who slandered Braun`s name the last 3 months.
Feel bad for if #UKBB and #IUBB meet up for the #Sweetsixteen!!!!
Spring cleaning in the air. 2 car driveways cleaned $75 when you mention twitter, vegaspressurewashing.com
My manager told me im beyond my years
wait! We never confirmed a time! I have meetings at 2,3and 430..
ur still a bitch
Hello my friend! How are you?
Remember why you started this dream...
I can't keep up with Facebook Twitter and Instagram all in one day.RT
if i let you drive, it'll take us two hours to get there, not thirty minutes. :p
This Sunday 7pm, Random Row Books July's Secretly Y'all Event: Secret Shame! Bring $5 and a chair. WE're going on hiatus in August.
I heard Lee JunKi's album is #5 on Japan Single Chart. Thank you !
R/T--I ask myself that daily.Not random at all #FACT...“: “ Random,why are AKA's so beautiful?!!”””
How was your New Year's Eve at Smokin Hot Aces??
at Quaker Steak and Lube with Jimmy Hart. Here till 9 come down
I'm still awake and I have to get up early in da morning sux cause I can't sleep in till 3 in da afternoon it sux big booty
twins didn't lose today!
A smile is a language everybody understands. It costs nothing but creates much. It happens fast, its memory last forever. Keep smiling.
FOR SOME REASON i CNT..i WOULDVE BEEN SLEEP WHEN i GOT OFF WORK...
Headed to lunch with little man then Ulmer Sc for the night. Next stop myrtle beach
You have to seek opportunity.
Thank you so much! I have just submitted my play "Falling Awake" to you. Much gratitude! Matthew Ethan Davis
not his gut he is listening to, it is much smaller and further south
#YouKnowShesTheOne if she laughs when you fart
body hurts 4rm 2 days of skating plaza nd karma there no skating this week
"uh Tom, that's not a microphone. that's a pen."
Blake is doing a great Novak impression.
hey, for those who've been asking ... just found out there's a GA floor at Radiohead's April 9 show at KeyArena
crutches adult
followed! n sure i'll try my best(:
Bob Walk tonight can be called "Booger"
Thank god they changed the music for the corre ! the old music sucked !
we tried getting a hold of diego but he didn't respond, jose and i are down for chumash or something
let's do dinner Wednesday, my treat. I only have PR events in the AM and opening night is Thursday
Nothing like a little advanced pilates to humble u quickly... That chicky kicked my arse.
Drowsy, stressed, annoyed... and this dog <
Sic Semper Tyrannis => Thus ever to tyrants, motto of the State of Virginia
aka Tony Gumbo keepin it #professional tonight. Nice win #brewers!
My bangs wouldn't be like this if I never cut them in the place. If I do, it'll to get the ends off & won't do anything drastic
Thanks! Oddly enough, the headache seems to have gone away while I was at work. Huh.
How long before the Queen of England coins a "Charlie Sheen"-ism and puts him in the dictionary?
On to the next one Wings!
...and so it begins (the show at Bellhouse that is!) #wishyouwerehere(?)
I have #written - often several times - every word I have ever
"Change your thoughts and you change the world." — Norman Vincent Peale
What happened to 's ustream?!?!
Enjoying Christmas cookies and pizza between mixes.
#ManuGinobli passed that ball like a QB
haha it's ok Allie most people go through it once or twice in their lifes, so how's East?!
Harrington got away with that one...
i miss when being gay was edgy.
hi sweets did you get my email:)?
80 degrees, , old friends.... My favorite place to be in the world! Should have brought more rocks though... Just sayin'....
follow me bAcK
This whole fucking game is fouls
Good luck, mate!
Thanks for following !
#TheMostCommonLies I'm sterile, I cant have kids
#nf everyone that followed me while I was gone <---
i'm so geeked up for this brings out my inner geography teacher nerd self.. my former life. ::sigh::
No big deal or anything though….I only lost about 3 years worth of pictures friends and music!!! =(( ugh damn myspace lol
Aurthor Christmas just me and my princess.
Develop critical skills for higher ed, adulthood, citizenship, leadership & the workforce. Including math, computer/tech apps & statistics.
The Percy Jackson series by Rick Riordan may be an option. I liked it.
ooh. they've posted the participants? link! link!
I miss it too :(
#JustRead Mondays. Because it is a privilege to sit in a chair and read for hours.
That Was Ratchet Of You . RT : Bo its all about pisces
its funny sitting in a hotel lobby in philly watching a 60 year drunk guy hit on a young hottie for the last hour
How soon before the Ultra-Rights claim Obama's birth cert is a fake? Any guesses?
In the middle of the night, my parents woke up to a huge crashing noise. The iron was thrown against a wall 100ft from where it is kept.
Are you coming with your friends and family to Gathering Waters Fest next weekend? FREE Fest on the lakefront w/tons to do for all ages.
-I think Brent is actually 42 today.
MLK DAY...AWAKE!
All I want is you
Seitan marinated in soy, brown sugar, ginger and sesame oil over rice with #farmersmarket corn!
There are people so poor, that the only thing they have is money.
am I wrong for wanting to do somethin nasty to #lidiabastianich right after many drinks and her cooking me a good meal? #marthastewart too!
well why can't we just be quite and listen to the music?Thats what i would do...:)
dear supermega allergies and/or miserable cold: joke's on you, sucker- "horribly ill" is so hot right now.
Hello everyone!
omfg, in my dreams! :/
Has anyone ever been to buddha bar?
Shopping for undies. Where can a girl find a decent pair of draws!?!? Jeesh!
": Dynamic, live music lives! 2nd night with !". Nice work Tom!
Is it possible to even consider loving me? :(
What's worse, I'm still picking it out of my teeth!
#sfeng340: Final exam grades are posted to the Blackboard Grade Center.
But, they don't serve Bloodys there? RT “: Roommate coaxed me into walking down the block to get mcd's breakfast..”
So Ina tell myself that it works for me .... N I might pop a couple of them Percaces yeah that'll make me transform to Hercules
Stop. You're disqualifying 98% of the voting public, myself included!
I think I want to learn to play an instrument, maybe the SWAGpipes;0
#SocialMedia lessons from 2011? "Caution for over-sharing," answers "You may not want to auto-check in everywhere."
That was a close call
Here we come. Another high quality, NYC style show. Limited run opening 9/17: www.theatrecompany.biz
Fantastic prem. concert of Terry Riley's Palmian Chord Ryddle with and the Grainger opening arr. was unreal!
After a long day battling a cold, ‘Abdu’l-Bahá finally gets some rest. Tomorrow he’s off to Lake Mohonk. Good night everyone!
Thanks! Any chance you guys will be adding a basic video editing class to your arsenal any time soon?
Anyone have suggestions for effective noise-cancelling earplugs for sleeping?
Can't wait to play on 12/19 at IOTA in DC w/
I would have put outer glow all over that shit.
I hate I kant go fellowship in bham this weekend...but I have to see lil cuz graduate from high school...so I'm headed home!!!.
Ready to meet my newest furbaby? She's a deaf pitbull, been wanting to rescue one for years. Thanks guys for inspiring me
really?! Im gonna kill you, both of you!
NATIONAL Signing Day! should be exciting!
I wish I could afford it! :) sorry.
my hometown team is finally representing...if Bills are going to disappoint, maybe UB Bulls can make up for it.
Tweet copier. Get original, MEH. Like so: Narv-Dog got cut today & gon be on da shelf till like Feb 2013. WHOA! He b aight!
Well, now I'm just feisty.
I don't feel like takin this EOi
Lefties are only liberal and open with you only if you totally agree with them
Why do clients hold on to all their needs until Friday, and then want them all at once?
teams take a hunnit Ls the moment they beat MIAMI HEAT!They think they done did something!GO SIT TF IN DA CORNER where youll be come finals!
"What if God was one of us!?" -Joan Osborne "You've got to be kidding me..." -Jesus
The whole show was spectacular, I thought, particularly Set II. Arrangements were ingenious and unexpectedly Jimmy Webb-ish.
Looking forward to forever <U+263A>
yes we shall and then me you and and who ever else can just party haha ;) . Jk well be losers ha
You make me FORGET how to breathe. <3
both days
#Bikemore! MT : NPR did story on electric vehicle w/ 100 mi range. Costs >$40K. I have a device w/ same range & costs < $1K.
gurrrrrrrrrrrrl why you cryin if you knew he was gonna fail the lie detector test?
you are absolutely gorgeous! come to NYC we should chill <3 love you!
tell him u rlly like him!
thats pretty much how I felt all the way during Intro to Politics
Getting a new phone today!!! :D
Tons to do today! I'M ON IT.
i dont want a tornado ther scary!! shuld save us!
"I'm not like most girls" - most girls
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen
Confused book buyer looked doubtfully at the laden shelves in my office when I said I had no books I wanted to sell. Must be new.
Hookah bar was fun, home studying and then orlando tmrw for hhn; SO EXCITED!
I always follow back just ask for one (:
"Lo Ima Bears" to obscure for a fantasy baseball name?
not a whole lot -more of the same- auditioning and crossing fingers
I tried to fact-check that statement before retweeting and came up empty. ; )
Gettin off early>>> gonna go poolside!
Perfection is the formula when me and her combine
my bad.
91% of voters in dekalb county decatur district voted for Sunday alcohol sales! 93% in Pine Lake district.
The words of the day in the office are: PASSIVE AGGRESSIVE!
#Buck doesn't expect rain out. Says Reimold will get a 3rd shot & no transactions today
Skip the sewing frame. Get a lying press. Can do a lot, esp if u have good press boards. Lots of DIY equip. plans out there too!
How was that not a penalty? Down with
I really wish I could bite the ears off that bunny.
Our show kicked ass.
how was the rest of April w/o caffeine and alcohol?
ROI: reputation enhanced. Network of relationships grow. Est. as a subject matter expert. Higher quality clients.
Need. Nap. Now.
Congratulations to Kim McIntyre and Sharone Lathrop who turned in the first new listings of 2012!!
Too young to have too much on my mind.
We're hanging out at the Polaris mall in Columbus right now! Come hang out and buy merch! RT this
I am following Paulo Coelho now . . . thanks for that . . I love his energy and would have never thought to follow him on Twit
I saw someplace on twitter that #Obama may announce his evolution into support for #marriageequality 2day? true?
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
Common convo around the office --> Coworker: "Do you know <insert name>?" Me: "Oh yeah, of course! I know him/her from Twitter!"
will players be allowed to tweet during game or is the social media muzzle in place for the all star game?
Would you drop Gerald Henderson for Jordan Crawford or should I wait until Young situation resolved
Tweet Austin "Marcoo?" It's a prank so it and we will follow you :D
Nice play! 49ers back on top!
cuz I went out last night and didnt get home til 10 in da mornin today and I'm dead tired
but Rappin about it seems different tho. I havent heard it tho
are you en route to SXSW in the minivan?
Are you fo' serious?! Of course I am! The beat is just perfect. Little faster than my normal tempo, but I got it.
Yay! on Parks & Rec! He is a funny man. I said my thing first. Because that is accurate.
Thanks for the mention! I got a bunch of followers today :-)
School is killing me -_______________-
haha but like foreal where's you facial hair at? It used to be so long and thick
I haven't heard of that. Lol
come ball at my school at 4!
Winter, spring, summer, fall: let them grow together. Joys and sorrows, laughter, tears: let them grow together.
Haha yep.. It's no bueno.
Hoping I get to see my baby boy today I wanna see how big he got cuz he sure made me super fat within the last month.!
This could be our year--we already have big wins against the Spurs, Bobcats, and Knicks!
So being productive today might be impossible
Do you follow someone whose tweets you can't read if you have to pee? For me, that is
It's amber again . Takdok namo lain ah ?
TONIGHT + TOMORROW Smart Smart Women, Brooklyn Fishnets, Singer's Husband's Band + DJ Gundred Dollars in the Atari Lounge $14
I do believe someone has hacked me ...
tries to turn the attention to me when he's the one that got scared shitless by my mom. He almost had a heart attack
cause you actually think I would forgive you after you called me names, talked about me, and got everyone hatingme
ew why the fuck is your boyfriend and that slut doing hearts overt twitter, watch out cuz shell prob sleep with him
well done handsome!
No kidding.
Nothing like a hot pot of coffee to start off the morning. Happy Friday!!
survival of the fittest , respect my come up .
I just adored 's most recent post. She makes me live vicariously through her princesses. LOVE!
Shipping the leads in this movie SO HARD. Even if it will probably never happen. Haha.
Travel safely :-)
this weekend just got a lot more entertaining
an epub meaning for an ereader?
Rude ass teacher!!
We're almost all set for #DISASTERBALL! 2 hour countdown starts now!
Shout Out to My Niece Monique ... Follow her
YES THEY ARE HE DA ONE DAS BEEN SCORING DEM LAST MINUTE POINTS FOR MAVERICKS
Best of luck! To me, revisions are about as pleasant as pulling teeth, but so satisfying when they're done!!
absolutely! Beautiful!
Friday Night. Played inside a bus stop for our friends Chris and Jacqui and two people who pulled over to watch us play "Ishmael"
That gives me an idea...
Hey yall abt to get that bitch
love you Keen!
If your espresso addiction needs a fix we have great lattes! We are at the corner of Nationwide & Neil!
#SherlockPBS spin-off? ": What if Sherlock were called to investigate a death on Wisteria Lane?
Nearly every product we offer or custom project is mobile web. We don't do apps but we feed apps.
