is hoping the weather holds out tomorrow for a wonderful day at the ballpark. Brewers! Brewers! Keep turning up the heat!
Thanks. Great having lunch yesterday. Best of luck netting another Edgar for THE END OF EVERYTHING.
favorite dumplings in NYC? Still need to make your tour someday...
call me
i've been big pimpin in this 2012 buick lacrosse i've been driving. it's pretty badass!!
You gotta be heart healthy to be a #Caps fan
Good Friday morning!! What are the plans today?
If people could read my mind, I'd get punched in the face a lot
At the March for Babies :)
phrase commonly heard from my mother while driving: "wait, is that a road?"
When women go wrong, men go right after 'em. Mae West
OMG wat do she got on she #Ratchet i love signing this song and so does my whole school
Paul Ryan paid for college with Social Security survivor benefits
I wish!!
help me outt, i just got twitter, NEED MORE FOLLOWERS!!:/
It's easier to accept than expect
Focusing on the best&connecting the best w/each other to support each other is potent
just started reading Grant's memoirs. If anyone is a Civil War buff or just has an interest in the 19th century it is a pretty goof read
I'm tryna be somewhere drunk doing karoake this weekend
love it! EPIC you rock!!
Happy Father's Day from BAS!!
“#Gemini kiss is colorful, quick and unexpected” ;) I got one tonight from my man:)
Happy International Women's Day!
Our hearts go to our fallen heroes. Thinking of you this Remembrance Day.
Let's not and say we did!
You guys are going to flip when you see our grub special this week...look for it this afternoon!
I need to go to the mall
#WordPress #Tools Comment Timeout – Closes comments on old posts.
Interview went great! Let's hope they lean towards hiring a student & not an outside person.
RT : Our summer line debuts in TWO days...
Just purchased #Don'tputmeincoach by 't wait to read it.
Do you want me to ask him if they're still available?
are you hitting up ? going to anything else this summer?
I hope you can make a trip out to NYC again soon!
are yall in band?
Bumpy flights aren't so fun when your stomach had been bothering you all day.
My friends are so funny
Nice stop by the Gmen!
That is my fear, yes.
“: Dude's with overly protruding Adams apples scare me. I just wanna touch it & then run like a little bitch.” - LMAO!
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X15
haha awesome. Thanks for yelling at Mazz.
Thanks so much for mention- how is life treating you?
Thanks to our new followers!
great article, been there myself on the fsbo front and it cost me $20k
Nonsense! I have a basement and an attic, I could have my old collection AND add to it!
You guys, I can vogue in a major way and I have proven it around town and no one is even denying that.
its amazing how much 5 boys can mean to me :') #directioninfection xx
Big congratulation on your victory bro!
Woo, just did the dishes and off to get coffee. Dreary outside =(
I'll have to check her out!
Schnur: "We don't have the capacity to turn around very many low-income schools. Should focus on a small percentage, not overreach."
oh, then it's a good thing you have your family around to some human interaction! haha
Nothing is too big for the God who created all! I press into Him with full belief that He Will Do It! Heal Daddy! HEAL!!!
WOW! RT Phils have scored 0 or 1 run in 10 of their first 34 games. Last time that happened was 1973. //> FTR: I was born in 1980.
Hey! I have some fun things in the works with some dresses from Eva! :)
Heading out to host the SCIAC Finals this weekend. Follow both rounds on golfstat live scoring!
umps in attendance disagree w/Ball 4 to Tulo, but that is why they're in attendance and not behind HP; that was never meant to be a strike
Never knew about China's embrace to black culture. Awesome share!
what was the fez one it's not even working?
30 min wait at security- airport 1 Austin 0...don't worry, I'll tie it up with a frappachino when I get thru
- I agree. Raji is one of my favorite Packers, but he got HANDLED this year...
Free Tai Chi classes for New Jersey seniors
Lots of travel and a family medical situation have unhorsed me. I'm getting back in saddle and tilting at windmills again today!
that's why ur man got cut. He sucks likethe whole kardashian media family
#i'msorrybut why would you take a picture of yourself sleeping? you're not cute...
Even in the dark, baby, I'mma shine bright.
Just gave a message to the InterFaith Coaliton for Omaha Habittat for Humanity. I posed the question-why are you here today.
so I am coming back home to crap weather? Shocking.. It was 60 and sunny when I left Minneapolis
that bad feeling when there's something you should have done a month ago and you can't start it because you feel guilty
At the circus with amber an this shit
Just finished all levels of Angry Birds...don't know if that is something to be proud of...
Every Monday is Rotary. Scottsdale Rotary Club has 175 members. What a great group to be a member of.
1 week until break!!!
Tiger finally won...my dude
That tattoo is so shittty
Michael Vick just got jacked, I don't care for the Vikings but good for them.
Verizon Wireless to Announce iPhone? After years of speculation rumors and false alarms
Today in SEO, my blog was discovered by someone googling "ira glass is sexy."
agreed! My mom is gluten free now too... She has crohns /:
My beef is I dont follow Kourtney Kardashian for a reason...C'mon now!
but it's CHURCH HIDE AND GO SEEK YOU HAVE TO COME PWEASE PWEASE
Jeffrey Lancaster: and = All incredibly useful for personal archiving
Wonderful event held at this evening to celebrate Wonderful things in store for the Arts community.
Detroit Lions no doubt!! Megaton and The Wolverine
who's going to a game tonight (MLB, NBA, NHL, any college sports)?? Upload your pics here and keep us updated!
please help us gain some followers.any little bit helps. in the mean time check this...www.theofficialblacklist.com
“Apple of my eye” – someone who is cherished above all others
I'm bout to find my pillows , and go to bed . I love you more than anything .
Eagles picks range from Brockers, Poe, DeCastro, Kirkpatrick and Mercilus. Brandon Weeden to Browns at 22. feeling frisky
JB is amazing.I like his song Never say never with Jaden Smith.The song show pictures about the movie Karate Kid with Jaden who acted.
Quick, what time zone is this again?
Twitter doesn't know basketball!
Songwriters: If you look at what's hot right now, and try to mimic that, you'll always be at least 2 years behind the curve
That's a new low, you guys.
Q1b: I would say students who have too much on their plate.
we'll have some cold days in November, but likely won't see snow until Dec. Congrats again!
IAN STEWART!
if so, good for him.
What game are you and Joe Buck hosting on Sunday?
Thank you so much. And Happy Mothers Day to you!
Thanks! Considered yourself followed!
Hope everyone has a great time tonight! Be safe
I think I'm realizing I work best under pressure. I might be wrong though...
": The world premiere of "The Cabin in the Woods" begins in one hour! Head to the Paramount Theater now!" And stand in a downpour! :-)
First softball tournament of the year.
Haikeet #3: morning green sunlight/ through a thousand leaves above/ (stop gaping and write)
Oh I believe you, not the first time I've had that complaint. Probably have start using delivery confirmation on everything
SO TRUE. ugh.
Celebrity watch: getting on a plane with Cornel West.
Join the TshirtGang today! Best prices on custom T-shirts. LIMITED TIME FREE SHIPPING! Free to join.
Seriously? :D i dont have a credit card or I'd get it. Lmao.
Industry Tuesday's wed las Vegas most interesting man and you already know this weekend is gonna be fucking
Did anybody else just notice on College Game Day that the GSU Panthers logo is still in the endzone at the GA Dome?
UPDATE: Our happy hour at #drupa starts at 16:00 today hall 8b
Finally got to meet in person with and
ya for sure, did you get my txt? wasn't sure if it was the right number
hey guys, just a little update: we will be finishing our Deluxe Edition very soon after the holiday season. We wish you all happy holidays!
Awesome! RT You know you're an ultrarunner when you think of a #marathon as a great
You can't rush perfection.
you're welcome handsome, thanks for the follow
I appreciate the follow
Of course I'd get sick on a Friday.
We usually do post speeches online. But it might take a few days. RT : is it going to be written and shown on a website?
#Contempory #Baltimore #LISTE indubitably worth checking out.
My mama needa hurry home so I can leave !
Good news: email inbox down to 10. Bad news: to-do list is now scary long. Oh, well. TIME TO PACK MOAR.
Welcoming our newest followers and Thank you and happy Friday!
Blu monkey in hollywood tonight. Big network gathering roll thru
Maybe I'll start being nice to you when you stop treating me like crap
Really? Boo!
. Writers study writing, engineers need to study engineering -- OH supports this. (I make the same argument re:videogames)
Happy NFL Draft Day! A lot of dreams coming true today.. Hoping the Pack grabs some good picks!
I'm so tired just got home from school ! haven't been home all day ! I'm so tired ! >_<
Watching and loving PBS Kevin Clash creator of Elmo. Love watching dreams come true.
You are right. I really do love my job. Thanks.
i try to get along with my brother but it's just simply impossible
So easy to do both, why choose? RT : Would you rather sip on a Pinot Noir in the Willamette Valley or a microbrew in Portland?
Hey #Austin! Get your EVOO fix! is opening today at 215 Lavaca. Go check ‘em out, and of course, check in with
so finally it rained here in ol' ldo lol :)
i hate when people compare fort worth to Dallas, like you obviously never been to Dallas.
Smith: Class has not been well-served by intersectionality, it has been lost in some way. Great point.
#RonPaul is a smart man but he needs a wardrobe consultant. He looks like #BelaLugosi tonight.
Just saw It's officially
Been watching #JerseyShore for the past 2 weeks!! Best show ever! Can't wait for tonight:) Love u so much Snooks
today is gay pride in houston party on
My 6000th tweet was to you b
Oddly enough I agree with you.
Blog name: FargoNorthDecoder
A day off with the family incl - heading to Tillamook and of course the cheese factory, a double scoop cone is in our future!
RT if you sometimes muster an attitude and come at someone with an "AS IF!"
Votto drives in Stubbs on an rbi double. Reds now lead the #Brewers 2-1 in the 4th, still no outs.
Just 5 more & this #yeahwrite55 virgin will have read 49 other posts! An emotional rollercoaster. So many worldviews; so much talent.
How much would farmers save if they didn't put a sticker on every apple?
meant a.m.!
ATTENTION people Is personally following her new followers and will follow u please follow her shehas the mostinspirational
haha too bad 4 me Amber ;)
What's your 80s Thursday song request? Tweet it to or stop by the desk!
Yes. Don't fall for it!
Tomorrow night inside Aquifer #PressPlayTuesdays With Dj Roy and Eric In The A.M! 2$ wells and 1$ Tecate
more rain, more rain
" WHEN A BITCH REPLY "OK" STOP TXTIN HER OR U BOUT TO SOUND THIRSTY #ThankMeLater It's not thirst, it's extreme enthusiasm.
Good morning :)
thanks for the RT..fascinating session today.
OMG, whut?? o.O I am entranced and delighted! Thx for the link! *hugs*
What a beautiful day in LA <3
If you want things to change in your life, you have to make changes
sending out a ROARING welcome to Riley Reiff! Welcome aboard!
Everytime I lay in bed all day and do nothing, it feels like a waste of day.
#geniefairt2012 report : #usnatarchives room203 still quiet, desks avail. mad rush not occurring 3 pull times to go.
hi! Thanks for following, great to connect!
haha im a spy
Oh, and a full day of work! Have a great Wednesday!
yeah but thats how i roll baby thats how i do it im just going to take it easy tonight no big plans
At least the Black Eyed Peas actually sang live last year...?
Just got news of Dick Clark's alleged cocaine overdose in his bathtub. It is rumored that CIA agents supplied the drugs. Condolences.
Opening Day Today!! Go Padres!! Come grab a panini to-go on your way to the ballpark. Mention this ad and get 25% off your panini.
congrats :) Never Say Never, right? Have fun at the concert(:
model practice and fitting this weekend! Saturday, April 9th at 4pm!
“: "You ready to go campin' tonight brotha?" #workaholics #campout”
I'm so excited about flying to Philly to see tomorrow that I think I'm going to cry! lol
Awesome!! You'll have a blast!! RT : I'll take the table!!
Wine and cheese
Ah!! #newgoal - teach you Spanish!!!
If you have any additional questions or require assistance, feel free to tweet us! Happy Early Birthday #HauoliLaHanau!
<3 Miss you too.
asics running shoes will help the knee pain. Number one running shoe in Runners World.
Hanging out with my two boys talking hockey. They are home on a week break from playing juniors. Miss these times.
oooooowwwwweeeeee smells like 16 more days to Los Angeles!!!
New: China's Currency Reform Vol2! Until Nov15, receive 10% off your order with code EPPPROMO201110. Visit enrichprofessional.com
pretty good :) whatcha up to hunn
not really still the same
": Del Harris & Leslie Neilsen #NBACelebrityTwins"< don't call me shirley.......
HAVE A SAFE FLIGHT!
Pulling for Ernie Els to make the top 3 at bay hill so he makes the field at the Masters!
sup with the kid? Where you?
"Through that service,The one who gives,Also receives."
The cast of has been all over DIFF. I hope you got the chance to see them on the red carpet already.
thanks! I did make it back with some help from 5hour energy
Omg is good to be in my bed thats so much fun
WTF is wrong with #twitter ? i follow a friend and it automatically unfollows them 5 seconds after.... O_o
Your welcome Janina! Thank you for the #ff~! I shall read that message right now!~ :-)
Hahaha! "Oops" said the cop!!!!!
lies you are beautiful everyday my princess
no problem. I am happy to hear your enjoying it. Next try Headwaters IPA from Victory it's awesome. Have a good night.
WTF do you not know what a stereotype is????? OBVIOUSLY THERE ARE EXCEPTIONS DAMN YOU
Hi Interesting article! Do you think #tech based #learning enhances #learning among students?
funny tweets already!
Stream #hot97summerjam2011 on your iphone or iPad w CloudBrowse!
Total Recall: Victory at Sea Summer's almost here, and you know what that means -- from now until Labor Day, the Earth will be in near-co
God morning
I spent a few nights around Wellesley. I'm a BU boy myself all the way! Didn't meet too many harvard women in my day
no, you are! lol
<<you're welcome. Thanks for the thanks!
All I want for Christmas is a 14oz. teacup of treble and a 5000 ton Bass Gorilla.
you have extra tickets for this weekend? (am i reading that right?!) How much?!
If happy ever after did exist, I would still be holding you like this.
Chris Brown performance is like watching hip-hop Q-Bert
that sucks friend...sorry
Two things i love in life. You, and the free promotion site on my profile. great for follows. follow4follow?
Driving in front of Obama's motorcade. Hello, Mr. President.
it is so big dog
Follow me on instagram at: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
definitely! much needed - i know that would have been a big help for me when 1st navigating
Follow one of first 200 followers will win $200 gift card. Second chance to win $100 gift card 12-31-2010. We follow back.
Going to the #BVMCarnival :) I hope it doesn't rain :o .. Chicken Fingers right now :)
Thanks so much! RT Hope I Week is going well at Ball State.
Loving it!! RT : oh man - now craving Sprecher and a float!
And I, Tony Randall.
Sometimes saying "DUH" right to someone's face feels really good. In, like, a super indulgent and adolescent way. Good nonetheless though.
8. Refuses to spray the air freshener in the bathroom
Uh... has that ball landed yet?
So Annoyed!
Watching Tin tin for the first time- gorgeous
have you seen it yet? Incredible documentary. Really inspiring for the work I'm doing now.
its good to be informed. We are frustrated. We don't understand his actions, we are constantly confused by him.
having feelings sucks ass.
We meet again my friend. Go #Pack Go! RT : I never like you
And don't ask the library to collect textbooks. We don't have the money or space, just for starters.
thanks bet
I don't care what anyone says, those are still cute.
PDD on this great Monday night.
welcome to the funhouse :)
<3 love you boo. thanks for the kind words! :)
How come every Friday home game is a debacle from the start??
#favouritelyric I'm not sorry for the things I said, go fuck yourself if you can't handle it
Exactly why i'm glad I have younger sisters :p
thank u soo much can u pass it on
thanks a lot!
yes just heard it on #WAMU -- huge funeral procession
517 had mechanical issues, wound up being later than the 419, which got overcrowded and had to leave people.
- we love you too!
Hahahahahaha welcome to college!
How did the Packers and Giants win the last 2 Superbowls with game changing drafts picks!
a crit? the whole street? no way!!!
Reading William Lindsay Gresham's carny novel NIGHTMARE ALLEY -- "the fairgrounds changing but the sea of upturned faces always the same."
Thanks so much!!
so im a box now lol
Happy Mother's Day Chicago! What are you doing to treat Mom extra special today?
if your a directioner go follow :)) x
Spot trending now in , : Pizzeria Uno - Pizza (live updates)
Whenever I hear the song 'Rumor Has It ', it reminds me of (:
We just updated our song
17+18 = 50 right? and everything else like that
Man the shit females say
Pointing out my flaws doesnt make yours go away, it just becomes more apparent how weak you are, & how strong I am.
Check out , my professional profile on Facebook!
When Montreal played against Edmonton in the first Heritage Classic, I was too young
in english (:
I think its a good idea!
Learn how to Start A Home-Based Business. March 10th - Pierce College, Los Angeles...www.thehome-office.com Home-Based Business Helene
Join us today for the 1st Annual Blue Ribbon Rochester Pub Crawl to Raise Money to Prevent Child Abuse. Starts at Salinger's at 2.
follow - met Keith today in LA, great vision and work he's doing
how can we get some visibility from Fox to show how much we appreciate our teachers?
check out Cool way to compile news you are interested in.
I've heard of a local film maker who asked for several thousand dollars to release the film nationally. Same idea.
#idol - interesting paring. Hollie nailed her part and DeAndre did OK too.
RT : Nettie's a urologist, Brad apparently has a raging . . . pumpkin...in his pants
im great
TITANS GYM in Cleveland will not be validating parking May 3rd.
oh i ate too much cantaloupe
Oh man, someone SMASHED into the back of the State Farm Help truck on 390 N
You only genuinely believe something if it changes the way you live. Using that criteria, what do you truly believe?
The artist's world is limitless. It can be found anywhere, far from where he lives or a few feet away. It is always on his doorstep.
Seriously ready to give up.
Good Afternoon Chicago :D
Bitch Its Problems
Thanks for thinking of us.
Hey! Al my bitches listen up go follow my new one it's spelled wrong lol but ohh well follow my new one please(:
dude, sorry i missed you. hit me back if / when you get this way.
Goodnight to my sis , my bff and my fav girl in the world ! love you girls! <3
I got your back boy. When your high and when low. I promise not to ever let you go.... for my people that's low
Today will be a great day gm Facebook
I haven't had any appetite at all lately.
Amsterdam. . . Liverpool!
She ------> never gets tried of winning.
Has an 11 ever been a 3 pt favorite over a 6? #NCState is today over the
working on a new super-cool house track...
you did an outstanding job on the "Ten to One" song!!
have very little faith. All you 710 guys, all day"wave the white flag". SA does not match up well with LA. We r 2 big.
Find great tournaments on the local, state, and national level at www.tournamentscoop.com
I think I fell in love... please come home so we can talk :)
These days, the concept of a worn-out book is akin to that of a scratched record, no? :)
now tell me some sht i dont know
MK: 'Not comparing myself to Patrick Willis or Ray Lewis ... I admire them. The way they play with passion I truly admire.'
BIllionaire Boys Club tee, Jordan Candy Cane, Nike Harracce and a couple hats.
Working on a web life power point.
i dont want to say the name of the dept. I hold the cmte members in high esteem still. One edits a key journal in my field.
2 appliance purchases in 2 months and neither went smoothly. Is is just me or has anyone else had an issue with delivery?
Martin scored a "good hockey goal"...as opposed to?
All I can see is cold rice pudding.
Why don't you eat eggs? Don't like the taste or just prefer not to?
I plan on it...cant wait! “: It's gorgeous out. Run! Run for Life! #NYRR ”
5 different forms of communication!
You say I changed, I say I grew up. Maybe it's time for you to do the same.
oh my God.
Just got home from school . Bout to roll up and hit the studio
when are you gonna rock a ?
can u put da song on YouTube... It's easier for me to download from there
Great skit as always by Nicole Johnson about the many hats we wear as women and loved Natalie Grant singing "I will not be moved
Always look on the bright side of life
Got an email that totally put a big, dumb smile on my face. Rare
Hope you enjoyed your experience at Morton's and congrats on FGB6! We were there and it was great!
I love hockey: Knocking out teeth = Epic; racism = sad.
nigga feel productive today!! got two hitz done!!
People always want you single when you got a spouse....
For the love of skateboarding ,smuts,beer,blunts
RT : Schools are more segregated today then they were in 1954, following the Brown case. - Nancy Heitzeg
you should just say YOU're TIRED replying to our tweets..:(
Very excited to see and listen to the talented line up tonight
#stoppedbelivinginsantawhen i was 5 years old
6-6 and critters just fell asleep...Now we wait and see how long for Landlord to come.
Uh, yes. :) I was teasing you.
Welcome, Silent one!
Yes, yes there is. Try an "apple fritter" from HT then I'll bring you an apple fritter from SF that will change your world.
Toasting the Showgirl starts at 10! Clark & Bryn Mawr - $5 and all proceeds go to PACPI!
80 percent of rap already IS fantasy rap.
Fingers are crossed.
Join the SD Public Library 820 E Street tonight at 6:30 pm for a free showing of Young Adult!
Last day at the Home Show. Come on out for last day bargans!
Cutie bear finally got an iPhone. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!102
noo problem we will always support u threw everything!
nice shoutout on
Signing Franchise agreement this Friday with team BFC. I am so proud to see my business grow up and go to college. Exciting stuff.
Long day. Comfortable bed = Heaven. Early night? [snore]
Haha. It should pick up by the time you're done. But there's nothing we can do. Just gotta stay positive. What you studying now?
SHHAIH!!!!!!! Sunny Hot Humid And I'm Hammered!!!!! In Fort Lauderdale Nice for the price of NICE
A big thanks to for the tickets to Chicago with Christie Brinkley and John O'Hurley! It was great!
I'm glad u had a great time with the tour! I will be sure to let my colleague Steve know. Which part did u like the most?
Tomorrow 8-12p its going down at Live we have , , , ,&
Tried to golf this morning for the first time in two years. Home course was closed. Begged my way on at the country club. Success.
we need #RedSoxNation everywhere, we hope you all stay awake, sorry you feel so tired from the travels as well.
... Sorry for party rocking. #AssembleTheMongos!
RT : Lmaoo !! Alright see now I dont even blame you, just dont expect to get too many retweets this week lol
Check out our 5 for 5 appetizer weekly special at Pepper's Bar today between 5-6pm! 5 different appetizers to choose from for only $5 each!
normality is something I miss. another thing I miss, is you xx
#FF Follow our speakers before the conference starts
Princess & Pea at SRCT opens Sat., Midsummer w/ Baron's Men opens Sept. 24th, & playing Mary Warren in Crucible @ City Theatre in October :)
Forgot to mention that there are mainly two ways of pronouncing Latin -- Classical and Ecclesiastical.
haha he's the best
I Love the part of Twistter on Monster Ball , Why you go??? I LIVE IN PERU <U+2665>.<U+2665>
(bryan) Started a great new project today with another fun client who gets it. That never gets old.
Are you a 2-year faculty instructor visiting #AHA2012? Stop by the reception in the Missouri Room, 5:30-7:00 tonight!
You're welcome. Glad you went away with something useful!
SAG-AFTRA merger decision announcement set for Friday 1pm PT / 4pm EST.
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but heres my number so call me baby
RT and I would be lookin up illuminati whem we should be doing research c;
Awkward unaustralian moment for me when I don't like
just rub it in why don't cha
Ha! That's because we're multi-taskers, and because the Internet is more interesting. :)
Right back at ya, my adorable Gangsta!
Jesus Christ is Lord! Jesus Christ is the Savior, the Lamb of God Who gave HIS sinless Life as the ATONING SACRIFICE for our sins!
Never heard a presidential candidate say they weren't concerned for the poor. Dem or GOP.
Tennessee bound! Anyone, please feel free to call me today to chat. Please.
top of the morning RG, thanks for linking with the kid. U live in Vegas?
Off to get rear brakes done (well when I get dressed that is). Today is a day full of errands. Maybe some fun too -- hoping!
“: A person hates you for 1 of 3 reasons. 1) They want to be you. 2) They hate themselves. 3) They see you as a threat.”
Oh yay!!! I am totally submitting. I've been trying to solve this issue for a long time!
Working w/ at the Royal Oak Music Theater has been AMAZING. I love my job!!!
Made some back-end changes the other day that appear to be failing today...we'll get 'er back ASAP
Thanks Ellie. You're right. Hope it does change.
Check out all the details for shows on the 19, 25, and 28 of June at www.plectrumentertainment.com
shares a personal story about his sister being homeless in the past that resonates with homeless seniors
The urban dictionary offers "firecrotch" as an acceptable alternative. I think I've heard Conan O'brien call himself that
oh Richard!
Look what the crawler dragged in: David Rosenthal's latest blog post, "Preserving Linked Data"
Officially the most boring Saturday ever.
Paradise Fears! U work with them where we meet eachother!! Amazing job...U work with this guys or?
...your lip sync video Breaking Free High School Musical!!! Amazing how much it makes me laugh... Sad Remedy!!
It's a great idea & fun at that :D Hell yeah it would be! We would be Twitter Prom King & Queen xD haha.
Henry James: It's time to start living the life you've imagined.
Yeah...I don't trust her counts either!!!
Oops, I meant !
Norwood Young America unconfirmed reports of tornado. Watch Dave Dahl/ken Barlow now.
hey friends...what's the best hotel in the City of Angels??
Teaching guitar is awesome when your student wants to learn and
Eric Mann: we must reshape debate to have the outcome we seek-the social welfare state, not the police state. Yes!!
ya just come to my house i should be home
Leafy greens are best... kale, collards etc. : What alkaline veggies are you eating today?
Students are actually supposed to take notes? Who knew!? :) Have a great day!
Haha i cant wait till mom comes and takes me home then we can leave...
RT : Best two words of advice might be: Let go
Overtime baby!!!!
Put some more youtube videos up while im watching your keek videos from 2months ago :) x
not going to school... going to Georgia
Just keep on smiling <U+E418>
How Has your day been ??? (:
That was hilarious! Wolf Blitzer yelled "check out the delegate count after tonight's results"! Then they barely changed.
Maybe not a good idea to tell the passengers your 'suspended license story,' Mr. SuperShuttle.
What happen to JR????
Unless you stab me in the heart no love hoe
you ugly
when government has 2 send brain injured soldiers back on their 4th mission the military is failing along w/govnmt GET OUT!!!
Will you take pics that I can pin on pinterest? That would be awesome!!
damn mac u need to get out nigga the nite is young .
I wanna sleep in.
Thank you so much. :)
Anyone have a good recipe for tilapia on the grill?
LMAO, I needed that laugh, thanks :)
Great presentation of mock collective bargaining by Kent Wong Center director. 130 students will face off in mgt & labor teams.
I've made 3 separate purchase on amazon today. I think i have a problem.
Sipping my drank smoking my mild
"the offense will heat up" we've been hearing that for a month now...
Cano Horrible at bat!
I'm not too sure yet! I love being there. I wish I would have applied for the HA position.
False! , , twitterlessgreg and I get to play music for you!
cookies and creme ice cream<3
The things you say to me...
#Muse2012 Fever today at Grub's International HQ. Only 17 days to go.
what do you think of A&M moving to the SEC?
lol Jimmy, I was thinking that earlier today. We'll all have until august to get over it tho and get back on the same page. :)
Come on NY!
follow me bruh
Horse heads and Cheeto dust. Your two passions.
I'm thinking Ireland or South Africa for the gold medal...that's great news.
never heard of it. Guess I better give it a try....
Here is hopin that when I turn my phone back on post flight, is dominatin and are up BIG!
just partying in the city!
Donald is going home. Sorry. RT : Donald is in jeopardy :( judges will decide between him & Maria *fingers crossed*
The challenge of leadership is to be humble,but not timid. Be proud,but not arrogant!
RT “: Broncos re-signed exclusive rights free agent punter Britton Colquitt.”
ooh i'll go with. for those two reasons. and for reason #3: we can laugh inappropriately in the sad parts?
My partner on brown and you know I'm on white. You know its going down, I can do this all night
Set action based goals today and realize your dreams tomorrow. Change is the process of taking action, not the result of doing so. Go get it
Haha naw...RT : so from the looks of my Lil cuz instagram pic I see he think he a Gangster now..lol #thug life
Be safe. Just got back from hitting on the steps of DAR Constitution Hall in DC. Bout to touch up the track and send it out
why do people call you that?
is makin the #BBN proud tonight in his limited minutes
So-more Shadow People story from random people I meet everyday now-really disturbing stuff...
Working from downtown in the Frost Bank Plaza. Live music, sandwich from , friends from and this damn laptop.
Happy Birthday! Those are amazing. Can't believe all the details in something so small. Enjoy your day!
at what time is the game?
I think I'm staying in Indy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> but! I'm not sure... Hah
Are you super proud ? Justin rocked it! so cute.
FB staff is headed home. They have been up all night. They wanna take a nap before they start spending their money.
a shoutout to musicians and bands on #mm (music monday)
#HAPPYSABBATH MY PRETTIES!!!!! god bless EVERYONE out there! #sabbath #sda # teamjesus
I should be tweeting before noon anymore
Wish I could be at the #CampbellDebates tonight in Syracuse- Anyone know if there is going to be a video made available?
where is that???
one of the reasons we all love & respect you Josh, ur team is ur family & just like us u've always got ur families back
Disasterology is such a good song. God damnit I love ! cant' wait for Warped!
#Justice10 This guy is ridiculous.
Get it girl! I am currently rocking my Drybar blowie. My tip - go in the afternoon or evening so you can get free champagne.
Was just in DFW last weekend looking at pics of the 2000 tornado that destroyed the Bank One building. Stay safe everyone.
Yikes! Sorry you lost your bike!
Help our friend promote the upcoming National Kidney Foundation of Maryland Golf Tourney. Follow
Dude, I just ran outside to say hello. Then I realized this may be an old pic because the signs aren't there. Yes? lol
Unexpectedly we were called upon again to provide EP support to DS and Prince Harry. A true honor and a privilege.
Thanks for starting your week with us!
a man came in today to get coffee & said "has anyone told you today how beautiful u are? u just have the most beautiful smile"
Holding interviews 4 Actors & Music Artist 4 Theatrical Play "COLLEGE FUND" in Negotiations with SONY. Email
Seriously, though, I've composed like twelve Chone Figgins tweets and promptly deleted them.
What a beautiful morning! This is why I live in DC.
OH: this is the biggest Symfony2 talk ever.. And we've had conferences on it.
bringing some gospel, good news to the Las Vegas Rescue Mission.
www.varsityjackets09.com we ship world wide!
summertime and the living is easy <3
RT : So are we still doing that #Kony2012 thing?
O... Chocolate yum!
Please follow me On it would mean the world to me :) I need 10 more followers to 100 :D Love You all <3
you can get past the awkward phases of iPad typing by training in our iPad typing tutor.
parents didn't pay for undergrad b/c they didn't want my sister and I starting out life w/ debt.
It was at Botanical Gardens...all hand passed h'orderves...it was all delicious and everything was first class as usual!!!
09.22.11 SETLIST: Copy of a Copy / Mantooth / Color Coded / Background / [new song] / Riskless Business / Hoax Hunters
Had a fun time in Napa Valley. Heading back to New York today...
#FF thanks for the follows!
Did you know it's #wgtbweek ? Use the hashtag & be entered into our prestigious contest where 1 lucky user will be followed by us
damn son..you straight?
Thanks, Jeff. I'll pass it along.
keef and I called it
haha, yeah. I've seen it a few times where it says its from him. I just know it from a speech a different band has in a song.
is the man!
"Jasper" the 6 week old kitten I found has been adopted by a wonderful pair of Longwood University professors. He'll be treated very well.
can't argue with that... $70 billion dollars later and 1 in 100 adults has shelter, food and healthcare
Who knew kibble could be this much fun?
Thanks for the tweet!
RT : #MIN35 presenters for tomorrow night are
Isn't Sunday morning the perfect time to enjoy an Animal Humane logo cookie from Flying Star or Satellite? M...
RT : Get your music mixed by &
Thanks, now all I can think about is how much I want ham salad. Sending good thoughts to your wife today.
I'm torn from doing about 5000 different things. OMFG.
May your best of times be your worst of times. For those that are slow that means I hope nothing but the best for you at ALL times lol!
hanging out with the boys (: finally off work!
woot woot! We will have lots of fun!
I drench my scrambled eggs in ketchup and I'm not afraid to admit it
Im not star somebody lied im rollin weed up in my car
Few things worse than an important debate you think will advance knowledge that's undercut by unprepared, unfocused panelists.
Meeting people awesome people using the #free mobile #app --
(Sean Casey) will be making an appearance for Legends Week (May 22-27). Click here for more information!...
1972-Gov George #Wallace was shot 5x by Arthur Bremer. Wallace survived but spent the rest of his life in a wheelchair in great pain.
I haven't made cupcakes but will do them next week x
Welcome to buffalo Vince Young!!
Tomorrow is Thursday.
Greece The Avengers crosses $1 billion debt with Obama's back on Friday, spooked by would-be Yemen bomber.
That is cool - it would be even cooler in Padres colors so ppl would wear to games.
Running into someone from high school that got fat is better than Christmas
Another student booked a part on a new Sketch show on COMEDY CENTRAL. Congrats Doug!
Well, g'night, twitterlings. Really tired and I have a lot to do this next week or so. Let's hope this semester ends swiftly, yeah?.
: where do you live?! We'd love to see you t a show!!
Lost , TX.
I'm probably coming around 6 or7!
That girl u talk to at night. Always up late..
#ronpaul is the change we need!
Great News! Michele Bachmann announced today she is dropping out of the presidential race
Murphy: I still like the US postal service.
. according to his old college roommate, osama was a nice guy before he started smoking pot. (usually in grape swisher sweets.)
10:06 AM and My GIDDIMS' are Snoring ! Oh They must got it like that !!
Top attractions at #mariners game: seagull swarm, hydro race, the wave
Agreed! The Conair is great—I have one at home, and one for my vintage biz. Can't live without it!
Don Draper has the trippiest flashbacks.
wahh i wish you were awake. i wanna talk about him some more haha.
I know things are different in the books, so I can't speak to that. But as for the show, Bonnie doesn't seem to like him much! :)
The play was hilarious! Super fun <3
Yep. Five beers will do it.
always difficult to know the right time to go back when I'm sick. Too early and I get sicker, too long and I get too far behind on work. :(
merc this Girls Go Wild record by is plain awful thats the same person that blasted ja for those same type of songs
Trying to fall asleep holding a pillow wishing it was :.(
*starts crying all over again* Wait, I don't want to mess up this makeup. *chin up*
Misinformation! is dangerous! 1/5 Americans polled believe Obama is a Muslim!
The only sheets I'm wrapped up in are the ones on my bed. Night! Ma is laying her head down on the red pillow.
is it my and Whitney's gift?!
First on the list, my list - ideas! Second, writing. Mac lover for over 20 years!
what team(s)?
I just gave the guitarist for the city harmonic directions
Happy Tuesday eve! ;)
And to think they once screamed on airplanes. Thank god they were allowed to live!
CONGRESS, let's compromise on SOPA. Let us keep our online piracy, and we'll let you stop traditional ocean piracy.
My new iPad has left the factory!
I'm not a Broncos fan. I'm a Steelers fan.The Raiders were a great organization until the past 10 years.That is a fact.
. sorry, i didnt mean its just fat, only that it taste & feels just like the fat on a well prepared steak... its fatty duck liver
Oh soo your a lakers fan....I bet you choke on dick too ....
THIS WEEKS LINEUP #WED #HighSOCIETY , #SAT#SOCIALSaturdays ,
Happy Birthday! Have a #GRAND day!
that test was ridic & I wasn't even doing it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
happy birthday !
MOTHER'S DAY DEALS COMING SOON.....
Bah! Would have been smart, self-effacing PR.
Just remembered I took meds right before I went to bed. Was wondering why I had such a hard time waking up for the 4am fire alarm
Damn they killed Jr.?
Saturday ! Two days away ! Can't wait ! Gonna be fun
ugh, mad caching necessary, we hates it
Yeah. I get to be harsh and opinionated with my NBA work
Thanks for sharing! Reporting the story was quite the eye-opener for me.
Man I got tha weekend off, like weezy would said HYFR!! gettin some time to spend with my girl.
(jen) Checked a few things off my to-do list while working on the sunny deck!
RT Which was you favorite booth at #RECON 2011? #ICSC << Our client, SRS Real Estate Partners had "the best booth".
I think it's so stupid how UK and Austrailian people get mad at us U.S people cause of one direction it's called a tour for a reason
Its gonna be a #TopChef cat fight during the finale. Welcome back Bev!
I really hate those spam posts that say stuff like "YOU WILL DIE TONIGHT IF YOU DON'T REPOST THIS. Once upon a time..". I should start one.
We packed 10584 cans-441 cases of food today to help feed Chicago's hungry! Thank you Ma, Eddie &
what's your thing? I'm
Urban beekeepers? Who the hell wants bees around? Especially in the city. I don't want to get stung around the red line!
you do know i have a backup
Indeed. RT“: If I mow the yard at 10:00 AM, then I get to drink beer at 10:30 AM. I think that's reasonable.”
Follow me ?
Alam Pro Cleaning Service is committed to supplying the business community with consistent quality maintenance services at below market pric
Why the hell is this Rebecca Black girl still trending?! D:
comin out and running new castle tomorrow!
Thanks for checking! I'm OK---not quite myself yet, but that's to be expected. :)
Good stuff!
“Change your thoughts, change your life.” - James Allen
...and she calls me Spike! ; )
If they can make you laugh, they can make you happy.
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character -Albert Einstein
Businesses invited to learn about free business directory in new Midtown Website Tues 9/27 9am @ the Engineer's Club or 3:30pm @ Cyclops.
The EuroConnect is sponsoring "Italy: Love It or Leave It" @ #MSPFest12 tonight! 7:20p, Director present-drinks after @ Vic's!
Our next event is the golf tournament in June. After that, we have a big area-wide cookout in August.
Zilch CD Release Party 2nite w/ two spec guests. Tix just $5 at door show starts at 10pm - Over 21. Come support local live
Just scored the most badass goal in FIFA!
and by "had a Pierpont moment", I mean I saw a lawn gnome
Rough stuff dude
According to survey results, was the favorite speaker at the by a pretty large margin. Nice job Augie!
dip?! No!!! You're telling me your parents aren't gunna stop you from getting mouth cancer but will kick you out for a tattoo?
Please don't go, Maurice Sendak. We'll eat you up. We love you so.
lmao ! I hate minimal x)
this Ryan girl who is a freshman
Thanks for sharing your story Leif. We wish you all the best!
You rock the funky beats! Thanks, Dave! :D
dude he just called u fat OH HELL NO HOLD MY CAKE!!!
I looked up and was so confused!
Tryna find a way home... IhateThisShit:(
LAST of the season. Don't miss it!
Finally caught up on the monsters I needed to make for Aster & Bee. Wee!
I think today was honestly one of my worst days in a while. Im so done with this. I just wish I had someone that I could talk to that cared.
Get here soon, ! I'm waiting for you to hit the BBQ festival. (tweeted while holding a sweet tea)
#shadybiz.. This nigga just ate the pussy on the stage in Central Station.. #cuzheratchet!!
You're welcome!
you smell;)
You can count on me.
The awkward moment when you start having a random cough attack in the middle of class.
"What are these bubbles that come to your face? Yes! AIRBAGS!"
: So by the time you guys finish "saving" the economy, women will be making all the money.
These tights I got on under my pants! <<
I need to talk to you about -- got any time?
Swine fever click here for the latest, and no doubt we will sell you something
I love you.
50 cent birthday
Homecoming is next week gotta find a dress
Tweeting from an iPad at a frozen yogurt shop!!! They have a loyalty punchcard
haven't been on in so lonng! :o
it's the same in SF, most barbers there suck and you have to go to a salon. Get your fade on in NY
how was your night? love the spots you picked!
Actually My.... Husband :P =) He's Amazing :D And I <3 Him Very Very Much =D
Omg the Stetson square pool/hot tub makes me feel like I'm not in Clifton.
Computer forensic expert in #CaseyAnthony trial is too entertaining to get any work done - #Myspace and #Facebook being examined in court
I hate the writing honestly. The trip to the gyno was so groanworthy. Felt like something a college freshman would come up w.
Thank you for the follow! We hope you'll come in & try us sometime - we're truly something new for your audience.
I am left homeless, not even able to get or send to Alexandria where my funds are deposited to obtain means for my support
I'm swapping accounts, moving onto my new one, where ill be tweeting more and things! follow me! Thank you bitches xo
Bootstrap's button styling is too clever for its own good.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : Denver Broncos.... These niggaz is out here lookn like the langley mustangs lol
you can smoke afterschool
All I have in there are semi-frozen chicken breasts
answer your phone bb
Guess I'm Twubby-less <U+E402>
thanks for your support! Excited to see the post-event wrap-up
Proverbs 11:2 When pride cometh, then cometh shame: but with the lowly is wisdom.
Facebook doesn't make us unfaithful, WE make us unfaithful.
No self-respecting veteran would drive a civilian-make Humvee...least of all in downtown Chicago.
To pre order Nike Fuel band or not to pre order Nike Fuel band?
summer programs going really well: intensive; community; Positive Directions; and youth employment! Not too late to sign up for classes!
Show your audience how your life changed after the implementation of your system. Be a result.
I wanna see transformers 3 soo bad!
#ThatsWhyYouAreLonely you couldnt pay your house on time, so now you have no home due to foreclosure :( Let me help you!
4 real, 1 yr membership FREE www.TheGymPro.com! Use "fit" in the promo code box after the account info page during the signup! PASS IT ON!
What? I had to jump on the opportunity. I haven't made a surprise butt rape joke in forever..
Imagine Justin Bieber at age 40...still wearing those tight white pants and purple shirt... still sexy? Didn't think so... lol
C'MON CAPS! GOTTA MAKE IT HAPPEN!
i'm just going to bull shit my answers lol
Fisher and Kobe just missed two game winning free throws..AARGHH!!
yes! I have no idea where the whole wig-ripping thing started but it need to stop.
Experiencing The Donald vicariously -- via -- at
Survived class w a smile on my face!
Im on my way to go hear my baby brothers heart beat in my mommys tummy ! <3
No Problem Guys!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Thursday is better for me but I can probably make Fri work!
#WizardsInWinter is one of the best #Christmas songs ever!
I'm about to go by wine coolers because the liquor stores are closed. Gotta love Sundays in the South.
My take on #vinehout on #edshow: Not the greatest debut. Too smiley, needs to pace frenetic commercial TV better.
bishhhh you know I wished you THE MOST happy mothers day. It's 11:59 and still counts!! I win
I'm wit u chuck
Just get the Blue Raspberry ones, problem solved.
F U BOTH
You're fucking amazing. You've inspired me so much, I cant wait to see adtr in concert on the 27th. <3
The video name for VBS- Return of Brittnay-nay and Say-Say
OFF TO WALMART
I think this #webhost that I'm working in is terrible. I'm so glad I have a good host.
I support Youth in Asia. We need Youth in Asia! I want a candidate who represents my beliefs.
Flip flops inherently gross me out. But that doesn't mean I don't wear them.
thanks for the support my man
haha okay will do!!! And well i'm gunna start with youtube vids. And im gunna register to an extras agency
High school drama is so unnecessary.
only if it will work!
I though Shanahan was
Nia Peeples is not on Glee - she's on Pretty Little Liars
what makes it Mexican style?
Check out our newest photo album featuring our Recycling Block party. It was a HUGE success! Thanks to all who came out!
Had a good time celebrating the release of Shawn into the wild on friday.
www.allsportsshopping.com. Major Discounts on all Sports Apparel, UGGS,Nikes, Reebok, sports equipment. ETC
Nuggets up by 5
Doing what I do best: Math Problems!
Oomf kept looking at him and said you want meat lmao suspect
Anyone ever have one of those weeks where it's just like, exactly seven days long? Can I get a witness?
#readerthanks to Melissa M,librarian at Rolling Hills, who never questioned any books that my tween self checked out, no matter how "adult."
#followfriday AMAZING photographer from my hometown :)
Getting my nerd on Loving it.
Those moments where you just wanna lay down and thank God for putting you where you are right now, and keeping you alive and healthy. <U+261D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>
Pedestrian vigilantism is so much better in New York. ;)
hahaha i've been done for a while!
I know that you love me, I know that you miss me... But be man enough to prove it to me!
Your story could touch and heal people's souls
Happy Mothers Day!
seems to be in a great mood today and is tweeting a lot. Makes me happy to see you happy, love. <3
Bought my prom dress & shoes :D
I'm always here too!! I'm going to sleep so GoodNight & Sweet Dreams love!! xoxo I will write you in the morning! :)
9:30 am workout, now I have all this energy and nothing to do!
I like how some people get mad at the most ridiculous things. If it's not a big deal then don't get mad end of story
I was raised by stop sign.
Hey I hope you're feeling better! Poor big guy had a cold..
No matter how bad your situation is,I'm.sure there's someone in a way worse situation then u are..
Ubersocial is screwed up, I may have to go back to tweetcaster
I think his brain shrunk in addition to other things with all those 'roids
RT : Are you engaged? Planning out your dream wedding? Still trying to decide the best wedding photographer for your......
VO Audish today in the studio. Wow! So different than doing it from home.
aww were all interchangeable - like legos but it's a penis
theyre doing entire street!:-)
you're welcome! Haha. Jeez, that post got me in trouble. But worth it, thanks for the follow!
“ Going To School Tomorrow...#Blaaahhh” I've missed you !
Go away, cold wind! You make me wince. I hate wincing!
#StuffKidsSay My daddy can beat Yo daddy up..... Y'all don't remember that shit!
Tonight's Notebook is complete, and has audio from interviews with , and Check it out.
I've seen a lot of crazy scores, but that's the biggest one in awhile.
I dont need to buy any svcs.. If so I will go look. Dont follow me on twitter whew!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098> morning sweetie
still pretty
Partners on CBS looks like a keeper.
If the real n_ggas respect it, them squares gone rep it...
we taught you everything you know, Mallory!
#WhenAustin randomly started beatboxing under his blankets. :)
Preferably someone between the ages of 25-35
America's Pub tomorrow night = our CD release party with Aliens Vs Robots and The Gunship! We'll have copies the new album for sale! Rock on
Good morning Twitter big dream in the house what it do I want everyone to eat follow me
My friday night is going to consist of reading books and watching movies. sounds good to me. :)
I'll fix your pc for a fair price. Just call me at 404-702-2865.
I could hook you up with MTG people in NYC, sadly not beyond that.
Just saw Coach Tom Powers Jr. walking in Commencement. Awesome.
When you feel comfortable with them. Also when u know inside that you turely love them. Also when you know tht u trust them
Adam didn't play drums at guitar center. Fuck. Pussy.
ha, so true! I still think it's awesome that they are both men singing about shoes
I hope you don't mind; but i'm falling in love with you. <3
Yes, I BELIEVE :-) I believe with all of my heart. BOOH YAH! Gotta live it long....
What am I- like some kind of summoner?
check the band's Facebook for gig dates! c:
Agreed--> RT #NotreDame hopes pre-game videos/intros can mirror what they do at - nobody in league does it better.
sleepover with my best friend ;D should be an interesting night lol
Not at PLA this weekend but getting excited for #slachicago this summer.
This world is full of guys, be a man & not like every other guy...
At Leadership Systems, our business is making your business better.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
I'm back so it turns out that putting baking ice cream dosent take long :P
thats great although i was not interested in knowing....
WTF WHY ISN'T LETTING ME LISTEN TO TURN TO YOU
I hate the Food Network. 1) Every show is the same 2) Guy Fieri 3) It makes me hungry.
What season is that? Is Edgar Styles still ticking?
What is your favorite hot air balloon? Ours is the Carmen Miranda Balloon, perfect for Chic-I-Boom Ball!
Damn straight, squeeze till it screams! Charge!
#Israel Yesterday Israel Today Israel Tomorrow IsraelFOREVER Join Us!!!
Anything with Gamera.
Hilarious! MT : Someone at #mw2012 promised article re: tech destroying memory. He must have forgotten, & I can't recall who it was.
hello my angel :) sorry for the late reply, I'm not at home at the moment . I'll write u an email as soon as I am at home+
praying on the grammys? give me a fucking break.
I would of never thought he was a druggie singing love songs and shit lol
The USC, UCLA, AFI film student white party tomorrow night sounds like fun! Who's going?
You did great! Congrats on making social media time drains part of your actual job! :)
all my twitter friends can you please send me recipes feeding a family of 4 for under $5 please, it's for a great cause.
It has been a productive day... Laundry, home school lessons, dishes, work on the book... Awesome day!
"Fear not, little flock; for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom." Luke 12:32
Oh my god really bitch? Really? Not the time to piss me off
haha i'm widdit! we definitely need to get a good lunch in.
i just got home from work so sorry i missed it maybe next time SING, WORSHIP and GIVE GOD PRAISE, God bless!!
Congrats to on receiving the Staff of the Year Award! Not surprised!
oh yea. I knew db was back but not her,,,let me know if another party is ging down. I will be home next month.
You must. It's bad in Milwaukee. Thunder, rain & such.
RT : From the first black American president, we should expect nothing less then the courage to stand firmly for civil rights.
i think its been close to three! im pretty sure the last time was at fox an hound? right?
oh no lol my research was a phone thing one
haha about what?
Bouta go chill with , gotta love er !
legit is what iam
Thanks for the follow. Nice to meet you! Let me know if you ever need a RT.
Hey all! Check out - a brand new super smart & dynamic content sharing application for social media- sign up for free beta!!!
Ooey gooey musical goodness making me wanna dance.
My macbook pro and my ipad both died. I'm going through electronic withdrawals right now!
y'all gotta swang by when you are in the ATX for the show man
the only reason why I like 1d is because of u.(:
#Dangerzone/Topside Films
I think i might just #occupy a bar stool.. what can i say.. im an activist like that.
haha. Wasn't I supposed to get one?
Listening to online radio and 's "Catholic" from #BeyondThePale just came on! Fan-FREAKIN-tastic!!!!
Putting together a Rashied Ali memorial post. What're your favorites?--"Touchin on Trane", Gayle, Parker, Ali.
ITS FRIDAY THANK DA LORD SWEET BABY JESUS
no probbb love
I'm rdy for this damn game to be over it feels like entire offseason since last #GOSPURSGO game RT : I'm so bored...
- Des-Troy! Stay healthy this year man. You are why we watch the game!
they have an army base out here its called camp zama I'm about to go there now
Our people are dependent upon this generation to stand on the shoulders of giants. The #WSP holds this promise. -Walter Echohawk
RT Our Kathy Sotelo presents a certificate of appreciation to Roadrunner Custom Apparel's Ken Jaramillo. Ken's store
hahaha, no way! Not on twitter!
Pacers showin' out!
": Rockstarsssss tonight!! Thank you so much #Brandagents Great job!!"
metting turned date, and it just got awkward lol what you been up to lately?
It really kills me that there aren't really any cute gay guys within walking distance.
hahaa that's funny
pls say hi to Steve Nodine from Mason!
Of course <3
haha i know. But ill try to get there earlier tomorrow.
im laughing so hard, i knew i hated doing jr luvabulls but i looked like i wanted to cry
Excellent! But that means you're wicked old, Randy (jk). Wake has been one of my favorite #redsox since '95 (I'm old too)
I wish argyle was a verb because whatever the heck it meant I feel it would be pretty fun.
Lmfao Milton is so gross trying to bang my mom.... SMH
Text E to 66333
wat can i do to get money???
Yea sure i will no problem
Hey now, twerpies is nothing to laugh at... every year, well, I won't go into numbers. (:>)
“: He's pissed that his fat ass online girlfriend does porn!” -- lol who
SO pumped you are doing this!
at home needing a vodka shot so bad.
Wait! Look out for that twig! Oh, shitty. Everyone trips over that damn thing. Guess that's why I put it there.
are you sure... Never?
Closing night for Sondheim Unscripted at the Odyssey Theater! 8pm. What a great run!
Do not fear going forward slowly; fear only to stand still.
Just block the website for a week, and delete any apps.
i finally got my laptop
Dance and then the mall with :)
idk i hate science because i have the worst teacher ever and i barely get to talk to my friends that live here anymore (cont)
Q5) but really when it comes down to it, the biz, objectives, content and audience will drive that decision. That's the ID role!
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope everything went well as expected!
Already did. He bitches too much.
“: TURN the SOUND SYSTEM DOWN!!!! Good Lord I'm losing my hearing at 25. #LetsGoPens” making up for the crowd
travel auction: NOAA sought magician, now wants plans to disappear
You are very welcome, and we're glad to have brightened your day! We've sent you a DM with more details, so make sure to check it!
I ran out of the bathroom when i heard one direction on the radio screaming yes! Yaay! :D listening to them now :)
Humility is good. RT : Here's a switch: Making edits to my own blog post that suggested. We trade the editor hat sometimes.
Elaine, founder of Atlanta Natural Hair Care, Inc., will be a guest tonight on WRFG's Sunday Night Fiyah at 10pm on 89.3FM
Thanks for the Retweet!
#ConfessionNight I miss you. Even just a simple text or a Hi from you would make me happy.
Passion, pain, and pleasure.<3
"By the time the fool has learned the game, the players have dispersed"...Ashanti Proverb
The Hamilton. It's positioned as kind of a know-it-all cocktail bar, but it's been a trainwreck every time I've been here.
Say hey to your mom today. Hey, mom!
good point!
Tower Heist
The yoghurt splash me and go to my hair and this is the stupid event lol I got shy infrontof him . (•~.•~)
Tell 3 people how much you appreciate them today.
keep supporting
& the nuggets are actually a well rounded team & have one of the best benches which is what the Lakers lacked till mwp came back
Braun's AB could be added to your list
Thank you so much for the follow!
well said. everybody should have whatever they desire
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JUSTIN DREW BIEBER!!! LOVE YOU <3
Thanks, Nancy! I haven't looked at those, must take a gander.
truly tragic...
This seems like a contradiction in terms.
#YES ": LOL so random. RT“: Hey, I just f**ked you, And this is crazy, But there's the kitchen, Sandwich maybe?”"
What the hell is a 'luxer'? We get it. Lux is a cute 8 month old. No need to obsess over her.
Our fans are the best! Thanks so much for asking your friends to vote for us to play Edgefest and Bonnaroo. It really helps so much!
im not retarted im dysfunctional
Helping my brother plan how to ask out the girl her likes..... Too cute!! He's grown up so fast!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
yes, and its this week.
Tips and Tools for Blogging? I’ll Take a Baker’s Dozen.
Dragons, mermaids, a love so true, a private island full of secrets, and a sheriff to make your blood go cold!! ebooks only $1
I am in Rhode Island the 15th -23rd, anytime before or after that will work :)
no treatment other than painkillers or finding a good OTC joint pain medicine.
Off to get my volunteer on at the Tribute WTC Visitor Center
you can take a week off every month if you're going to push like that!
Take home the title in
#Knicks and #Yanks lets win tonight!
At tambo grill lol I love this place!!!! :D
My Kindle 2 died with malfunctioning screen, out of warranty. I think they like to be used more often than mine was.
yea that was shocking ... But Romney sucks I had him as gov in Mass for years he flip flops alot,
I bet you guys play post-industrial emo-punk.
we so do need to play more! Saturdays are good for me after the 18th. How are you doing, girl?! :)
When an issue arises, ebay favors buyers vs. sellers, even when sellers are honest. Sell at your own risk!
um ive been waiting on my future baby daddy to come out with a hit..... HES back!!! lol
My mom really knows how to ruin my day.
They're going to tell you to aim low, only look out 4 your lowest self, & submit & surrender to an empty life. I suggest: don't. ~
that SCA REUNION WAS BORIN AS IDK WAT UGH THEY WASTED MY 3LIL HOURS I COULD HAVE DOIN SUM ELSE
Yay! RT : So excited for the whole fam to get to NYC and for all of my graduation festivities to begin!!!!
my mam just called my brother a sexually transmitted disease...
Studied casual is the new blue suit. Next time you'll know better.
You know you are getting old when you are signing autographs to kids who's parents came to see u when they were young at Skate w/the Badgers
Wait, is Zooey Deschanel doing a commercial for the iPhone 4s, or did a "Quirky Girl" sketch escape from SNL? Seriously. I can't tell. Help.
On skype with one of my longest running friends. A replacement for actual interaction :D
so do you have 12 or more? That should be fine!
Thanks for the love !
The images of the Wasp in #Avengers #162 are not gratuitous. If it was OK with the Code in 1977, why wasn't it OK in 2004?
Peter Shankman: If you don't have haters you're not doing enough to shake things up
Rockband marathon night. We are dressed like the 1980s shat on our clothes. Love it.
I wish i could relive that momment agian and agian priceless XD
#BestLyricsEver "I did it like this. I did it like that. I did it with a whiffle ball bat."
whoa, thanks for promoting me promoting you!
Fantastic write-up! I added a poster and am about to pimp it out. Thanks!
and why do you continue to fuck with Bubba?
Can't get over how much im loving chemistry and biology.
What up Notre Dame!?!?!
Time to wake up the wife and baby. Wish me luck!
I don't know! Discovery is still in DC at the Air and Space Museum as far as I know...
Today I released my federal tax returns from the last 6 years. Will give #NY27 voters the same transparency? They deserve it.
oh yes.
haha you dont know that!! LOL! haha and of course!! Its what I do. XD
once got $50 for helping a woman pay her property taxes online. but I couldn't keep the money. donated to library.
You don't need a makeover! We could demo the latest in Keratin Treatments or Extensions. Something Glamorous darling. LOL
Get outta heeree.
Many thanks to , & for Goldfinger on audiobook, Jan's #shakennotstirred choice! IS Bond.
By some amazing coincidence Grandparents' Day Lunch falls during the Scholastic Book Fair at my kids' school. What are the odds!
he will join in too...
Check it out and see for yourself. I did I know you can.
Humbled by your words Alan! <3
haha wrap it up and save it for me for Christmas!
RT : Come hear Jose Salazar of Tarzana Treatment Centers speak this Thurs 3/22 on the state of behavioral health services...
Hey Friends Follow Back Waiting for you Lets try and get my followers all are following back at sametime
I can't get my phone im doing video!!
It most certainly is to a significant degree. Did you not see her teary eyed "all you do is look in a mirror" speach?
Yea, I got people out there too .
-__- she says that this place is her life and she dont want to leave even for me -.- even though she was like crying when i told
So... I'm 5'10 from Hialeah. Does that make me sexy?
It's official, Freak is my favorite song by followed by Wake Up, You guys have outdone yourselves. Can't wait for the 26th!
that is funny, what up pimp, I see u still doin ur thing on that music. And yo tweet game is crazy! Lol.
BTH would say the Sturch look-a-like is "handsome"
Bangin' club, baby!
chilling with tomorrow
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's that make the world go round. Xo
thats go! //brb for like 20 minutes
A cyclist was just struck by a truck in front of my house this afternoon-and he was obeying traffic laws. Why?
Tks for the RT! Very worthy tweet
To meditate, only you must smile. Smile with face. Smile with mind. Even smile in your liver. - Eat Pray Love
show tonight at Lorelei MM 82 Islamorada Florida Keys 6 PM . music by daft like Jack 5 PM to 8 PM
Best part of working late is listening to #Delilah on the cab ride home.
Happy New Year. Pretty assured that there isn't an impending apocalypse. So sit back and listen to the hum of expectation.
You've heard about Chinaglia's death by now? What are your memories of competing against him?
i was afraid of that otherwise you'd be the first person I called. I'll be up in nor cal soon though!
Did the #DetroitLions draft the whole #Sooner Football team????
Okay, must we endure tweet following requests from looneys!
Worry never robs tomorrow of it's misery, it only steals today of it's joy. Fuck the Future.
who is getting married? Come back for birthday week!!!
You're not the only one, J! This status feels GOOD. ;)
RT : Last chance to win a chance with to have us playmates rock it out with !!! Sign up! IT'S FREE!!
The Apple ones are the only ones I do. I guess there's not a whole lot of jazz stuff on there. :( Maybe there will be in the future!
Graco Newborn Napper Pack n Play Playard Whitney - Walmart - graco pack n play playpens play yards
I think it's very brave that is covering a John Mayer song--I hear Young Jeezy's gonna do a Jason Mraz tune next.
Chef Rob & deliver again. Another great meal on Monroe.
I am starting to get a little concerned at the man yelling outside my house..
Prof. John Harrison, formerly DOJ deputy Asst. AG, explaining "implied obstacle preemption" doctrine & its problems. Cases hard to predict.
Never let optimism become obsolete in your life. Never let critics control your creativity. Never let doubt direct your dream Never give up
that's what he said!!
May God Bless you and bring you joy and happiness to the new year. Happy new year, didn't get the chance to wish you it
for sure... lemme check the schedule
I get to see my family soon!!! I haven't see my mom/dad/sister since March. I haven't seen everyone else for YEARS.
Paging -- -- you're wanted on skype!
Hey guys, anyone know how to recover files deleted from the trash? I'm using a mac. Thanks!
Hey yourself Peter! Miss you :) RT: ": hey miss thang x"
Listening to debut album, Barton Hollow. Definitely worth checking out! Excited about seeing them live in a few weeks.
Dat Walk Me Down Got Me Dizzy
Good Friday Lunch or Dinner from Ashley's. BBQ.... Enjoy Fish Fry, BBQ or Chicken. Sandwiches, and much more. We can deliver to your...
Thanks and get to marry my best friend:)
Slovenia's Krka eyes takeover targets - Reuters
America & the World, 40% off. 330-430, booth 323. #AHA12. Stop by, meet the authors
are they hiring over there!?? :)
yes! Let's meet up!
Asyling Digital Media Solutions and Paperlit - Fomr #Tablet and #Mobile Apps to Facebook - Europe vs US #pbc12 STARTING NOW in Alvin/Edison
shit he woke up, all i wanted was a picture!!
GOP Senate candidate Mark Neumann contacted AP to say his solar companies got more in federal tax breaks than first reported Thursday.
#EastCoastMustHaves the crab, mac n cheese hot dog with #OldBay at
Unanimous winner: Floyd "Money" Mayweather.
what about welker drawing the coverage away from him
Could any of you please follow my other feed , it's a school project I was forced to do, just for a week please :-)
I never tried that! That might help!
havent seen the sun shine in three days :(
A3. As previously discussed, Gordon Ramsay! I watch his show Kitchen Nightmares on BBC America all the time!
Who you pulling for tonight? I'm for COTTO!!
When I say at the end of the day, I mean the end of my day.
If you mess up, ‘fess up. Getting caught in a lie or a half truth never goes well on camera. Honesty really is the best policy.
See you next time San Diego. It's been fun!
Excited to play in Roseville this Thursday w/ our friends in and !!
LMAO RT: : how can you not love He teaches white ppl how to communicate with minorities.
One thing the is missing ... FIREWORKS!!!
Anti-nutrition includes lead poisoning
..what'chu gunna do about it anyways today, change the system, blame the victim, never do that, but that is the trend...
I feel new enthusiasm for life as I let go of fear and limiting beliefs.
It's ok, I play one in real life. It's just no one expects it.
I had an ill ass verse on there that will never be heard... Lol naw but them songs cool as hell
I'm holding strong at 57 klout!!
I guess i can get up early...on Sunday, Gio.
And the #185rappers say, "Great. Now we have 100 problems."
Belafonte refused to drop white artists so the southern stations wouldn't bail on his show. Racism hurts white folk too.
RT : Dave just hit the stage at #EntreAZ. He's on fire.
Tomorrow in Work It: An update on plans for the 2015 World Cycling Championship:
soon? And Damn how'd it go???
Is your website down? I can't access it right now.
Kitty needs to get off my lap so I can go to Jimmy Johns. I eat there too much but their veggie w/o mayo is so good.
im not psychic
when does this warning go into affect? Where's the storm coming from?
when you come i want enchiladas with rice
the #Lolla station doesn't update the artist/song so I don't know what I'm listening to
If my dad comes home and finds me in a dress again he's gonna disown me.
RT : Make sure to buy the Journal Sentinel today to get our 2012 #Brewers season preview special section. Full of good stuff!
can u please follow or give me a shoutout :)
excited about beginning a new series this weekend with a wonderful cast and crew !!
jus pray..nd go 2 sleep, cuz its not healthy 2 go 2 bed angry.....:) hopefully anything I said made yhu day
You gotta fight ... For your right ... To PARTY
I'm pretty sure before I had Lucas I never once cried during the news. Now I cry during the news once a week.
Thanks for the assistance in getting Twitter up and running. Already hearing from friends who I followed. Several came in.
how's that for running with a chip on his shoulder? nice focus and determination
Actorshelper.com teams up with Hulu!! Visit us today
“: Heard you were a wild one O ” you reading my mind always?? I can't stop singing it
Hey hey, I'm Dave Courier / when I rock the jackeloup the ladies say "yay!"
sounds like me.
Introducing: The Luxury Bellagio Wedding Photography Package by James Broome - The Wedding Photographer Manchester
lol that would be hilarious if he did it again!!
interesting! I have less trouble with that. I think they can tell I'm a lot older than them.
I had to Google Salsalito and now I'm on YouTube searching 4 B-juice clips. Plz tweet at an 8th grade level.
If you agree it's hypocritical for Christians to tout values while supporting who they deem 2 be a cult member, please Retweet or Share.
What is your kid's favorite activity at Kid's Night? We will see you and your family soon!
I need to change my mojo.
": When it comes down to it, the last person you think of at night is the one who truly matters to you."
Looking forward to hearing from you at 8:05 on Packer Transplants. (646) 797-2909.
New client in the booth going good
yep he played well
TONY DUH MAN
it's going to be whatever animal gets in my way! i'm a monster with this headache! my judgement is clouded!
Hey Guys!!! So happy to see you here!!
what about the kids who don't sleep at all
& she can't be the grown woman tht she is & talk about it so thts my que <\3
i'm always hungry. -_- i wish my stomach would chill.
haha.. that didn't take long ;)
I did ... let me figure out how to paste it together.
Don't Hate Appreciate.!
"Who or what gives you great job? Why?"
Good, got the double play! But still!
aww ok well keep me posted :)
Where are you at Coachella?
whenever.im just without wheels!
Recharge That's what the quiet time is for.
now tmoney has a girlfriend ugghhh :o
#afpmeet Congrats to Denny Sanford #afpihq AFP 2012 Philanthropist of the year from #VOA especially his fans in South Dakota
. says we still need quiet, noncommercial spaces of contemplation #AAS3rdCentury // Sounds more like a public park to me.
u 2 are perfect tgether bro
Could you follow for a quick DM? Thanks!
We don't have to go nowhere. That's not what I want, baby it's you. :)
Dustin Brown a little teary eyed there. Good for him...
I have loved many, the more and the few - I have loved many that I might love you.
RT : Another great GA at #occupyumd change of plans trying to grow under the radar for now. BIG plans in #solidarity with
I only need two more subscribers till 300! Can i get them by midnight?? ;D
#UpAllNightMusic in full effect.
some ppl deserve to get fired..
About to start Reading the second book that I took from the library. "How to Become a Working Actor" Susan wright Staying Focused
you have better hair than her btw.
Excited to make tonight at the event in #Philly. Such an important cause for
Optimizing that content is a key step, however, to ensure you give your valuable content the best chance possible of drawing traffic from
You must have crossed the river before you may tell the crocodile he has bad breath.
up a small batch of bleach mixture(MANIC PANIC FLASHLIGHTNING 30volume)add it to 2 tablespoons or so of shampoo in a cup.
trying to figure out where the &trialcode= is coming from...
#thingsthatpissmeoff when I do alot of shit around the house, and then I get told that I never do anything.
good because that gives you a better chance of noticing me
TONIGHT!! We're whoreing it up on the Pro Stage! Get tickets! We sell out every year! Ticket-wise and creative-wise.
So I just checked with my homeboy and his delivery date is Aug 1. So sad.
It's the content not the colour - thank you for your legacy
I love lazy Saturdays!!! How about you???
good to hear they are enjoying the rays! I thought it'd be much warmer w/ how sunny it is-regretting wearing spring coat today :/
Others come here from abroad But as as they obtain advanced degrees, we send them back home to compete against us. It makes no sense.
on your first day, find the biggest, meanest sumbitch in the joint and pop him right in the face.
I want to try caviar nails :)
yes...i remember some pics you showed me awhile back...but then your nephew & him look a bit alike don't they?
hey sweets!
Question For My Crush: What's up with that restraining order against me?
Kennywood just opened the gates!! I lost Noah :(
lmao it was me
How does she advertise that she's from the library? I've tried this, but students don't come.
hm and there are a lot of authors who tweet
haha will u go to skul now??
Hey hearing a lot of buzz that if Big East collapses, ND headed to Big 12 in all sports but football.
": its my 14th birthday tomorrow! Tweet Me?Xx 8" TWEET HER TWEET HER TWEET HER :D
what's this
"Learn how to BRING IT live, night after night after night. Your audience WILL remember you" -from 's keynote speech at
i already am my own boss
I swear some women are just so thirsty! Stop pulling your cup out if there's no beverages around!
You're welcome !
Tough to say. I'd guess 10. RT how many AF games get televised this year you think?
Who do you think elena will choose damon or stefen
I feel like singing to some body...
Kid with autism > OKC
A great thing about this 4 week summer class I'm taking is no papers!
same as here, I don't really go on it that much. :)
UVA nursing open house. Bring on the biology 101.
Agreed. After you reconnect w/ people you weren't friends w/ in high school pics & videos are what drives continued engagement.
My Love is Off Da Planet, Please Don't Panic
Blows through torrential downpour for turtle soup, fried green tomatoes and fried chicken sammie on croissant. We must be in Louisiana!
I think you're about to get it then. "Death from Above".
You can't expect God to bless you with new things, if you're not willing to give up old things.
#OhSnap RT : Fair question. RT : did you play the red tees? Ha jk
Thank you for wearing our sterling, 'B' in black diamonds ring in this month's InStyle spread. You looked gorgeous!
awwwees , thanks sweetie .
jamming OUT to yellowcard "only one" right now. will always be my jam ;)
hey ugly.
Anybody wanna let me use their HBO login so I can kill some time waiting for my ride? please? :D
Crazy Clown Time is like a Lynch movie without the movie — there are narrative splinters, dark images and an old, eerie noir feeling.
And then Thomas looks off mine(; it's kinda like a train(: choo choo
Back in DC after another afternoon of delayed flights....glad to be back!
i really wanted to go see yall today but i cant:/ have fun!!!
it's okay that I'm always here for everyone but no one gives a shit about me when I need em
don't forget #BruceBowen had history of crotch shots too
Today was kinda like surviving a tornado. Looking forward to tomorrow!
it was of two jokes that these people put on a white board. It wasn't fuzzy originally. I'll send it to u :p
digging to find out. Ever, seems crazy, right?
Congrats Bernadette Thompson of Cheswick who won tix and Zach Storf of Washington won tix today on FROGGY!
In my world sweeps has started. Let the games begin!
playing the game ATM, open ended trip as long as this game is good. Feel free to say hi
that's the best from your Cena column? Come on BR WWE page gives stupider comments than that.
I GOT THE MO VES LIKE JAGGGER !
Rocked last night. Good times of course
Tom was staring the fuck outta you (;
Gonna get my TB shot. Im scared
ahaha. That's an ace idea... especially during the drunk debauchery that goes on downtown, lol.
R.I.P Whitney Houston :( I Will Always Love her too but also,its her fault,she has prepared her death....
“The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place.” George Bernard Shaw
Go away.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
i really need a good show to watch on netflix
“: . Please change your avatar! No more egg..” I second that!!
Officially restarting my extremely inconsistent integrated pest management system.
Team meeting tomorrow is mandatory. Go to the team website for directions. Season starts tomorrow. Don't be left behin.
u must have been SUPER bored
All the freaking time, no clue and I can't find any help docs about it. If you find anything, then please share!
Without wearing any mask we are conscious of, we have a special face for each friend
Thanks for the mention -keep those precious children healthy/happy!
yeah, HA!
What is your faorite Chris Brown song? #M&N should sing one of his songs! <3
Worked in the garden yesterday, come vegetables grow big and strong!
Just heard a dude named "Super Everybody Get-Along" kicked a guy in the nuts.
Thanks for the support
Just watched on ! Some of the old songs Zoli sounded like Getty Lee
<U+266C> Rick Wright from Pink Floyd would have been 68 today, sad to say Rick passed on 15th September 2008, at the age of 65, such a loss <U+266C>
Ha! That almost made me do a spit take. #Witch LoL
Brass Monkey has multiplied! Brass Monkey 2 is open in #Milwaukee at 700 east layton Stop & check us out Tonite, DJPenetrate on the tunes!
Yes, it's deceptive, but only to an extent and mostly in relation to his breaking ball.
No worries. Hmm, I don't write for Southside Times so not sure. Ultimately, we're all connected, somehow. Have a great weekend!
Saying Merp, in the middle of a conversation > <U+263A>
#ChuckNorris digs graves with a shoe horn.
Can't ever forget the French/Irish, they're the most dynamic & throw the best parties!
#bruins win by a touchdown.
no.. just 3
Million ways to get this money but we think snow Every time I see a chick I just think hoe And every time I meet a nigga I just think Po'
no worries babe :D
I was at Dunkin Dounuts this morning and I tried to log on my phone to twitter and I couldn't log in .I forgot that I changed my username.
Emmanuel leads Johnson and wales at half 35-23. Everson with 15 points on 7-11 shooting and one MONSTER dunk.
lovely easter eggs!
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Cauliflower and Lentil. Sugar-free lemonade is Ginger Peach.
Top 5 headaches of all time. WTF is going on up there?
Having big lips sucks. Its like having extra weight on your face and it looks like I just got stung by a bee.-___-
Fuk the energizer buny ima hot rod mix with a muscle car
I am on page 21 in Mr Dreamz Magazine. I am on the left and thats Jackpot the other artist on my label on the right of me.
I think you meant "avoidable contact."
thank YOU for sharing, next time we'll do a story on better news
Yea u don't have one
excellent piece of reporting this morning, good points from all angles
Go ahead & hate her, everybody does.
Hi everyone! Sorry for not posting lately, I've been busy.
Go check out #G.A.MClothingInc on fb me love you long time
Third test for connection from Twitter to Facebook
i know me too!
“: First God, Then Yourself, Then people..Many people put the last group before everything and everyone”
RT : HEAT ADVISORY- heat index just under 100 degrees - keep cool, seek shelter in AC - hydrate sensibly
I wish there was a #shakaBro emoji <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Yay! The Butcher and the Vegetarian by has just shipped from Amazon. Can't wait to read it!
Austin is in love with Whataburger lol .. (;
Wat u bout to eat!!
Just date guys who like brownies? ?
New blog post : 5 Dieting Tips for Fat Loss
Mish is missing her two prized possessions...Hilliary and Dustin. They are the best kids in the whole wide world
The Chiefs aren't done yet.
An amazing day with my daughter...
Quick workout then dinner date with :)
HAHAHA YEAH LOVE THOSE NUGGETS!!
u r hot
Leadership - Let him who would be moved to convince others, be first moved to convince himself.
definitely an easy group to root or.
DOES ANYONE WHO IS A MEMBER WANT TO NOMINATE ME SO I CAN GO TO THE CONFERENCE. *cough*
so are
Pssh that's not what you just told me rn! You said he's very manly and sexy and remember I agreed and yeah, just admit it!
Shit god damn them niggas sorry
Next up at
. just told me she had a dream where we went to an ICP concert and a guy's foot got in my mouth. Terrifying.
shout us out!!! We're doing Cinematic music videos for $700. ONLY for the month of April
2011.08.23 #Brewers 11 #Pirates 4 | Crew is back on track / dominating the Pirates / home away from home
Demi is the girl who avoids drama and hate. She knows that time is precious & she isn't gonna waste hers on unimportant people. <U+2665>
once again watching these dead beat fathers on teen mom lol
I just threw mine out today. It was kind of a sad occasion haha
SAN DIEGO EVENT UPDATE! The SD Bay Parade of Lights will not be having fireworks during their parade this Sunday, Dec. 18th.
@ school... gotta do poem wtf am i gonna write about!?!? W.e. i'll figure it out :) Vote Lee DeWyze for our next american idol!!! :)
I'm a couple episodes behind at the moment though
Im trying to hold back my tears, i dont wana cry today, but i know i am, because i love him so much<3 RememberTrust
Extra possessions and kicking out to Chris Paul when defense is all messed up should be good for two wins.
": Not sleeping Alone my friend is coming over sleepover!!!" Should have called me over
one of these days I hope one of those gigs will be mine!
There was a bill introduced in Arizona ( to make fireworks legal- Is this a plan to eliminate housing inventory by starting fires?
We are told the Batavia Fight Club is trying to plan more fights between middle schoolers...
very true!
Time to start reading Hunger Games again.
Anyone else read the Sports Illustrated article where the Reds are picked to win World Series? Insane!!
I love your music soo much. If you're ever near Pensacola, please let me know. I would do anything to be at one of your concerts.
"What the "Haves" have over the "Have Nots" is not money. It is information. —Delano Johnson
it'll b a whole lot better if we win then a loss, this i know...
i love it when i see two of my favorite Terps players talking. Hope the best for both of u next season.
goodbye camas... HELLO DISNEY WORLD!!
Magic, be assured that Jackie Robinson is smiling down on you with #DodgerPride on this day.
...and how old r u? Im asking because of your response, not to the gaming. RT Yes my dear, I am
Hoosier tradition: "sink the biz" at nick's English hut. Oh Indiana...
good start for the
so do people... lol
Trivial pursuit? Trivial Pursuit!
862 miles traveled so far, Deadwood, SD to Aberdeen. Now Fargo bound. And just got service back
well I can only claim the Google voice thing. Whatever it is...
Handed out pears in our cafeteria to celebrate National Nutrition Month today - what did you do to celebrate??
Code Purple. this is NOT a drill. i repeat CODE PURPLE. and this Dirty Bieber Secret shit is f-ed up...
Right back at you!
Somehow stretched that paper to 8 1/2 pages. Finally done.
yall don't love me
. TV 2012 - Subscribed!
please please please. thats the week im going too
Fallen Captive gets a shout out from summerian records! Everyone go to there Facebook page and let them know what u think about us!
My city is better than your city
2 week e-mail about to go out to the group
#ThingsTougherThanDRoseBody Fourth quarters to LeBron James.
Just found out and downloaded the New iPad app! This is bad news bears!!!!!
Don't watch TV this Wednesday. AT ALL. Stay online, go outside, do ANYTHING but watch TV.
I know. I'd rather he get hit by a freaking train.
promote a culture of innovation
only your pizza pizza!
they sure did...and we bout to beat yall on yall own court too
Veiny arms, for some odd reason, drive me crazy.
Maybe if you weren't such a slunt, the rest of clermont county would have a steady relationship with the one they love.
UL's Peyton Siva and UK's Jon Hood to participate in Slam Dunk contest tomorrow @ Bellarmine.
Thank you momma! You're the sweetest! I love you with all my heart <33
Music can always make me feel so much better (':
Wow...its amazing whats happening right now...join in on the fun by giving to RISD's annual fund. <3 Deja
ha, well if you ever do, it's pretty convenient.
“: #CelticsNationStandUp” YEP YEP
Oh. That's right. This is that time of year. Are they wearing matching tshirts? Fanny packs?
Just realized this morning how many studios I know my way around from my years working in the biz
"Postmodern culture is more and more a market culture dominated by gangster mentalities and self-destructive wantonness.” Cornell West
Easy answer to that question. Where else can you find the entire heavy metal -> lullaby album series for free?
St patty's bar crawl 3/13 in uptown Charlotte. 5000+ crawlers, literally. Going to be crazy. Rockhouseevents.com
can we get hairston to play the whole left side of the infield for us? also, he can bat 6/7.
im KingBrittian, Im A Rapper from Atlanta and im tryna make it in the rap game
We love to brag about our brunch! #Brunchcrew and now we serve lunch!
INDEPENDENT ARTIST SEND IN YOUR MUSIC TO FOR THE "INDEPENDENT ARTIST SPOTLIGHT"!
well, ain't that just the most darlin' thing ya eva did see?
Cyprus SEO and eMarketing Agency JPP Marketing Delivers &quot;Social Media for Career Advancement&quot; at University of Cyprus
I want my birthday to come already
LOL! Same here, but if there's an open pen, a grease spot on the wall, or a child with chocolate, my white clothes will find it.
Heading to the "Your Child had a Pulse!" (i.e. Middle School Honors) awards ceremony.
miss you too man! Thanks
great meeting you yesterday!! We had fun!! Thank you for keeping the crowd entertained as well
Kirkus says SPARKS is "a kinetic and well paced comedy that just might win a few converts…original and appealing."
First day tutoring at the language center!
#CxEB the pink bohemian wink :)
oh thank Resurrected Jesus. I thought that I missed that class in seminary. I don't get it either.
Thanks for swinging by the Oyster yesterday! How was everything? Slurp some Bivalves?
How are Ronny and Donny enjoying military school?
Successful meetings today with national church leaders. We are preparing to take Phil's Friends to the next level! What part do you play?
Fuck a bitch till she tap out <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
yeah I know. I can just imagine lol
Why do Jewish men watch pornos backward? They like the part where the prostitute gives the money back.
Did I just walk out of the gym with my coat unzipped and just my bra on?! Haha Yeah... I did! Lmfao
“: it's so adorable that Newt thinks he has a snowball's chance in hell of ever being President.”
happy birthday! hope you have a beautiful day :)
I just got replace. It good working with ub to day :). Big hug
Up next, tells us how Rick Santorum can maintain his momentum up next on CNN Early Start
Think it's going to be tough to blend 10 voices together for to be successful on
this doesn't look like SAT, get back to work
well crap!!! Maybe then the weekend?
hope you're travels are going well Static! Get home safe and come visit soon!
we checked. Bob Loblaw says "why should you go to jail for a crime someone else... noticed?"
Off to ct to see some very special huskies!
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly look at em with one eye close
Man these days is just getting realer than ever...
Don't you just love it when your having a good hair day =D
damn last chance to tie the game or its ova wit
School is pointless! English: We speak it, History: Get over it!, Math: We have calculators, Spanish: We have DORA!
do people just look for a chance to hate?
hey how you been?
Honoring drum to you ~ for all you do to steward those regal hawks, eagles, falcons and owls to the wild, to a new dignity.
RT : We can't wait to hear MCU artists at tomorrows The CO kicks off the season at 3PM!
really stinks- Bulls are done- i want to be positive, but it isnt good. #chicago #nba - game 3 is a must win for them
ha yes. Been buzzin all morning ;) I say vicodin no matter how many there are
We're so excited to have as a sponsor of the Bloody Brunch holiday bash!! YAY! Let's raise lots of $$$ for ! :)
What a beautiful day for a walk on the Golden Gate Bridge!
Their reading this book & of course I don't even know what's going on in the story.
At Isles for nightly tourny
awesome, I'm watching 30rock
Whoa. There are 2.4 BILLION people in the world who need glasses and are without them. #ttiv via
Have you tried deep water pool running? Don't know your specific injury, but for many it is a good alternative. No impact.
Would love to know who the artist is (i.e. blonde girl) that sings the haunting like song. As featured in your Tumblr.
and how are you celebrating?!?!?
You know you're in a really good place in life when you can't remember the last time you were angry. :)
Don't get TOO excited, I didn't win yet. But if you enter that contest I get more entries... for you! lol
definitely have a plethora of questions. Will email you or tweet you some insights/thoughts/questions in a couple weeks. & good wishes
Wow. Just watched two women walk into the the side of the sliding door that doesnt open.
Here we go steelers!
All bad status
#Yankees pregame on YES....love it
Steve just had an idea: "If only we could get Bono to do a commercial for us..." ... you in?
Such a SACRED Day .. Rest in Peace to All . Forever in Our Heart's .
Again he would never done that to Dr. Buss
That's what I'm talkin' boot! (attempting Scottish accent on Twitter)
Are you in Missouri? St. Louis maybe? You're so close if you are. Only a couple hours away! :D xoxo
Umm apparently I'm going to Maui this week! Nothing like booking a big trip with 1 day notice. I like how my brain works.
to seek God's mercy...Now is the time to praise HIM who is the Creator of all things! Today is the day to give Him glory, and show HIM....
I will officially feel more grown up when I don't live in an apt that still has a faint musk of smoke city.
My week. <
Can you also watch movies on the wall?
Have fun at the farmers market! I wish I werent working and could go. ;)
horrible. Rock chalk til deathh though
Tech Geeks 007 are now tweet buddies
“: Chargers officially retire No. 55” as it should be. There could never be another 55 in San Diego
happy birthday man get well soon we need you out there. go blazers!
I hope you grow old with 46 cats and no husband.
thanks for the mention
Very PROUD of UK an #BBN!!! Awesome Team
On the air in 2 hours. What's on your mind tonight #Indy ... Tea Party Caucus? Brickyard 400? Get your e-mails in now:
Good morning. Went to sleep at like 6. Y am I up
Brunch R&D at my house today and maybe I'll make myself a birthday cake
Seriously, this can't be repeated enough. RT : Remember, every pro was first an amateur. Start your dream. Now.
and I got your name covered
Showing development of suburban sprawl near Indianapolis since WWII. Can I get an invite? Glad to see since AAG you're live now!
A diverse team is essential in CBPR and transl.research as a way of reflecting multiple perspectives including that of the community
Obama in Egypt: ...and create a new online network, so a teenager in Kansas can communicate instantly with a teenager in Cairo.
Then the nominations came out and my show is no where on there. She blammed the snow.
I like music.
Been studying all day aka watching tv and staring at my anatomy packets I'll never understand.
Back in LA..long ass three days in Fresyes but well worth it. : )
It's gorgeous here in Southern Ohio today...how's the weather in your neck of the woods...I so totally just went all Al Roker with that one
Colette~ I love my past. I love my present. Im not ashamed of what Ive had and Im not sad because I have it no longer.
you are so right about that bro
What I thought it was to see me?
I Miss Bret Gardner !! =(
Soon to be easter and passover week. What r u doing for those holidays? Many people visiting florida will go #scuba diving
You can not plough a field by turning it over in your mind! - unknown
dye your hair blue 57 year old man that likes taking pictures of animals
If that results in my internet service being repaired faster yes - other wise - no
AlaskaAir - Insane Vegas Package. Two people, 2 nights at circus circus w/ airfare via SEA - $480 with tax. book by thursday.
writing my final film paper on the film phenomenon known as "fandom." what film am i writing about? well, of course.
please check out www.youtube.com/kidsiview. a new youtube channel that's truly kid friendly
RT we figured it out... now i really have to exercise! long day tom! school + work = headache.. plus start of my diet Day 1! :P
My Sister's Closet Hawaii is celebrating their 2nd anniversary this weekend. 30-50% off savings! See store for details.
#Denver fans sorriest ever come on man I'm with my mom u sorry azz fag talk shit when I'm alone pussy
i thought more people would freak out that boosie was found not guilty.
Lots of great inspiration here at #bxd10, and we're enjoying the great tweets from our friends at #idea10, too!
#SeattleFashionWeek ......sure thing! We'll be there :)
Post-Colonic Era. [okay I'm going. I'm off. Sorry sorry.]
We know of one team that won't win the WS.
It would of been worth it a couple years ago. C'mon people, why you want to test someone you don't even know. Are you confident? Not today.
morning :D
Go to mycirqa.com and sign up for the beta version! Circle Back to Reality. Countdown to launch-23 days!!!
What in the world?
Today was my dad's birthday as well... Happy bday dad!
please thank them for their craftsmanship. It's enjoyed :-)
On my way to German Town
PickUpLine: Hi. My name is Horny Bush. I'll be your play toy tonight.
Someone should take a picture of Yanni yawning and call it Yawni. Thank you and tip your waitresses.
Hey followers go and follow ! He is a cool kid trust me(: you wont regret it(: promise<3
Kuuuuuuuch has this.
: I miss you.
I tried searching for the information, but I can't seem to find it.
And you're awbviously OBSESSED with Juicy, which is a brand that only poor girls trying to act rich wear. Ehmagawd, puhlease!
From Lavery? Awesome! Let me know how it is.
You go girl.... And don't you come back.
I'm convinced that I need about 3 weeks in a think tank with my graphic designer and videographer just to get things ready to launch.
Be proud of what you have accomplished, but always remember that there is more work to be done, always.
Damn, Kobe has his head down and everything . . . .
We plan to stay :)
Thanks for sharing! RT And I like this new mural on DC Vote bldg. They advocate for congressional representation for DC.
totally agree!
They are great examples for my daughter as well!Great people and players RT : Glad I got to see my sis and !
I'm watching the Voice
#Blackparentsquotes "You're moving with your auntie and uncle in Bel-Air!"
way to go. go team NE!
David, it's the best place fr racist to show their TRUE feelings. This way they don't have to face u.
Egypt and Tunisia!
I really like you a lot but idk how u feel about me :)
Very true
absolutely... All: please send pics of indigo@ 12 west our way and I'll twirl them back to Thanks!!!!!
On the bus back to CT for the weekend
My family is the best aunties and cousins in the world
SNOW - It's a wrap. Now editing, music and we'll be set to promote. 36 actors, about 20 crew members and a dozen locations.
I knitted a sweater for an octopus. And I made an extra pocket for its hopes and ideas.
if I hadn't worked on my uncles farm in Scottsville Ky as a kid I'd be worthless. Thought me everything.
peace twitta brb tomorrow
I love retro uniforms....but the Brewers are taking it a little over the top tonight
how do you know this? Were you one of the lucky ones to go?
you're welcome bruh!
Because we don't have the right species available to co-pilot. Duh!
Seriously, who put those guys behind home plate? You can hear them talking smack. That's gonna annoy the hell outta me.
Really happy for the Houston #Texans! Great group of friends in organization. Big night for them. Congrats on a job well done!
thx girl! And I'm so glad you came to lunch!! Made my afternoon
Russo reports on '80 Stockholm pride parade. Protest at Finnish embassy. Joan Baez, staying nearby, leads "We Shall Overcome," w/ g/l verse.
lmaoo sorry but i had to do it
1 Like for a photo
Goodbye twitter & Facebook.
Slept with my windows open last night. Minnesota should always be like this!!!
Skyrockets in flight after duck delight
Capturing more footage today!
Nice try Mrs.Christenson, but my parents are on my side.
RT : "Pace yourself. Won't sort/all out 1st year. Or 2nd." <g> Hit 37 anniv/this wk. Worth it, IMHO.
: sounds like a momentary internet routing issue; we didn't have any downtime and no other reported problems.
-and honestly fanny pack should have gone home one of those 3 times of them being in the bottom, but if the producers do-
Looks that way. Boo-fucking-hoo, I tell ya.RT : Yes. Yes they are.
Independence in music and social welfare solutions is something we stand strong charity growth!
Hey Parkway West Inbound: what the hell?!?
Thats Not it
c-god man i got all the respect for you in world im a big ja rule fan i just watch a throwback interview you and Wendy Willams
Hello all! I am new to twitter, and looking to build my PLN at #edchat. Look forward to sharing thoughts and views about education!
- are you partying or whaa , Carlos says hi ^.^
You are freaking awesome. Thank you!
Jealous of my 5 p.m. dinners or me working from home? Because the latter isn't always fun, either!
Got a Video Shoot/Pool party in Jax sun.June 3rd. Would love to have for the shoot/party Any drops before then?
Cubs will be fine. They are bad no matter who the Cards are playing. Babe Ruth is a bad player according to Al!
So pumped up for #nflplayoffs today! Go !
Oh. Haha. So I forgot you are in the middle of voicing Season 3 already. :) Can't wait for more.
I want to see u guys soon. Are u going to Roxann's Bday party
that isn't a bad idea
Dirk is unguardable & unstoppable!
Lmao yeah I call my friends mi hita? :,D So your mi Hito! ^.^
David West is the guy I want on my team. Great hustle player and leader.
Communism only works on the internet.
u should follow me cuz I say cool stuff... Sometimes... Well not really. Sorry for bothering you. :(
I can't retweet you. And this makes for an unhappy Shannon.
hi Caitlin! I'll be in Dewey this summer! What about you? I miss you! Xoxo
Seems like the Brazilians aren't liking the update. (Comments on the 4sq post)
That's awesome. Hope you get some good ideas.
#MyMaddenCoverVote put a kicker on there man.
lol that real talk n fuck ur posters wasn't meant for u! Anybody that knows this girl can bet she rocking some Zeppelin #classics!
Thank you for following. Great profile pic!
Thanks for the love!
Good decision man.
Join me in my quest to make green art a household staple. It won't be easy. Good things never are, but united change can happen.
I'm working out and tweeting. Like a
"Bakery" or "Mortuary" - Either way--they've got great muffins at breakfast every morning!!
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile. - Unknown
highly recommend reading nicholas carrs' book "the big switch" on how computing will become a utility
I saw dude at the movies working. That's cool. Have to make money somehow. I should apply there
I love how deeply nerdy all the #gameofthrones merchandise is; I wonder how many House Greyjoy t-shirts they've sold so far.
UF Coach Sulli awesome job this year imo..very difficult to coach a team this physically gifted and keep their attention
Do you ever think that if Eugene O'Neill and Federico Garcia Lorca had a lovechild that it would be Tennessee Williams? I do.
thanks for the reminder... I meant, why hasn't he been online?!? Jerk!
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT WANTS YOU...CALLIN ALL MODELS¡!!!!!
I will never let anyone make me heartless im a very loving person ppl get hurt take that as a lost and move on!
Sat here Watching all covers and I am so damn proud of him..he's achieved loads in a small amount of time..I loveyou austin.<3
“: I used to have The Smiths playing in my head. Now thanks to the 8 year old it's Zack Binspin.#wheniwascool”
we know you high bro in the lobby !
Wish I had someone to play guitar with
Herring Run Nursery Wholesale Open House! Light refreshments served. RSVP to Darin
So I don't even try on my biology tests anymore because it's impossible to get above a 60%.
Dese bitches on #mobwives don't b playin no games!
Strawberry Margaritas are back! Come in and get one while supplies last!!!
Donald Young!
i don't tweet very much, do I? Maybe I'll get better about it...Probably not.
I may not know what is ahead but one thing is for sure, I will NEVER find out just standing here. - Leslie Denman
I wonder if the outcome is different if the game is played at 7 and not noon after a day of rest.
cant decide what takeout i want for dinner. ugh...the daily decisions i make...
I have 2 songs.Goapelle "Closer" morning song of inspiration since college,"Blessed" by Jill Scott touches my soul.
That might be my new favorite bromance.
I think its a solid mixtape/lp joint, Hook was dope! Keep pushing my G!!
day two of job. i'm loving it, but my fingernails seem to have been lost in transition.
I can think of nothing less pleasurable than a life devoted to pleasure.
BREAKING RT : According to local reports, we will be drafting an OLB, ILB, DT, DE, CB, S, C, Backup QB, RB.
We're so close to 1000 followers! If you like our work, please share us with your followers or lend a
#PittPro #FEMFITALL thank u and thanks for the amazing shirts! ;)
The Knicks need to get rid of EVERYONE. Including Lin. Everybody. Get the fuck off the team. This is not even worth watching.
fuck my friends :p i do EVERYTHING for them and they cant do SHIT for me. this is why i hate people
Hurts. So. Bad. RT H/T -- heckuva game. See you again in Indy on Dec. 3?
It's like being in the future! Welcome home :)
Welcome to Albuquerque Praying for beautiful weather, successful charity ride, safety & great hospitality during your stay!
Hanging out at Cornish this morning, watching some student animation projects!
I have the dumbest smartphone
On set today. Nice out.
would you shut the fuck up about things you clearly have no clue about? Good lord
So tired, I'd swear I was jet-lagged if I didn't already live here.
"Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking." - H. L. Mencken
are Travis and Beckner participating? I'd also say David Sanderson, Steve-O, and Lance Berkman
Thank you for a fantastic Monday and Tuesday shoot! Have a fantastic week!
i love you! #BeliebingUntilMyHeartStopsBeating !Please Never ever forget about your #beliebers ! <U+2665> I ,we , love you so much !!
I'm really worried :0
Can't knock the hustle.
Miéville writes not fantasy, but imagination. That's the best way I can describe how transcendent I find his work, I guess (:
night ;) love you! <3
just wrapped filming on micro-budget thriller, any advice for finding distro?
Ed Schultz has no business using "Pony" by Ginuwine as an intro to his radio show.
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings
Wouldn't go there---Peters and his La Jolla estate use more water than a block of San Diegans.
- Thank you!
I wouldn't pull ya leg!
Drupal Basic_Webmail module seems to work. Maybe I can add some features ...
“:The size of your hoop earring is directly related to the number of people you have slept with. #princessprobz”
Messi finding so much space on the right w the absence of Alves.
Stefon Harris & Sean Jones will be joined by St. Louis locals Ken Kehner (piano), Marty Morrison(drums), & Jahmal Nichols (bass).
Forgot his "meds" RT : What is Braun doing??? Horrible base running
"But doctor, I don't want to cure it, I want to relocate it!"
barely squeak by? 12 points is an ass kicking
Playing Manhunt with my best friends!! =)
April is
HAHAHAAHA. I lol'd! oh my gosh.
well, it depends on which team goes deeper. And it will be heat!
Heading down to the studio to get some things sorted for 6/25 @ Redroom... Details to follow soon!!
open house 4th floor Leavey Center. Be there or be [_] (that's a square).
Yup I got em waiting to be sold I just sold some black ones but I still got the ones u want
Facebook really looks foolish now due to that Google smear tactic. And now they deny it. But the PR admits it. Zuckerberg is incompetent
#AskAlexConstancio why haven't you followed me yet..?? ;)
that happened to me xD
Thanks for watching - you rock!!! RT i love the performances on YouTube *-*
You are ONE IDEA away from being a millionaire! Pray for your MIND (thoughts & ideas) ~ Bishop T. D. Jakes (Today's Message)
Omigod, there's something called an "Amazon Betterizer." I don't care what it is; I'm banking everything on it.
Treat mom to a delicious meal at your favorite restaurant! We will be accepting reservations for mother's day! Reserve your table today!
I probably end up being the hipster bitch who gets a waiver next year to wear whatever the hell I want.
Woody should get the Oscar just for writing the Hemingway character alone.
LOL! So agree… RT I've always said #Instagram is the Auto-Tune of Photos.
As we've said before - Support others in their goals and aspirations, and they will support you in yours.
Sold out...thanks for the love Schlitz Park...I'll be sure to stock up next week!
Thanks for the follow. I look forward to your tweets, and I return the favor.
All tied up right now. Want Twitter updates? Haha :)
Peyton Manning spotted in Denver meeting w/Bronco's front office. 1st tour stop of NFL suitors
At least the underwear was bedazzled.
I just voted Best Sandwich in Towson. is a Towson institution & my fav brekkie, but Zia's tops 4 lunch!
if I ever get off this plane I will!
I know I just saw you on Saturday but I miss you!
What do I always say about Andrea? She knows her stuff. RT : Fitz is paid like a starter & knows system. VY is a backup, period
I've heard it all before, nothing is different now.
And directly after I tweet something about this awesome company I work for , I then am compelled to tweet
heading to a fair districts party in pinecrest at 3pm
don't tweet and drive!
Bur! Do you know the best way to warm up? By trying on diamonds!!! Well that's what I do, and would DEFINITELY recommend it!
": With these Aguilarssssss ."
FUN FACT: Giraffes have never been observed bathing. #GiraffesRock !
2010 was the year of the crazy
Oh snap! Not cat food. I'm speechless. Forget the popcorn I'm having a cocktail.
Words of wisdom :) RT : I hope you inspire to be more than a big ass and pretty face
I'm belting up today at MMA!!!!
I can't wait to see my munchkins! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
I couldn't workout today...way too tired. Back into it tomorrow. Make sure I do it people!
stunning resemblance.....
I'm sorry I ruined it for you by taking away the element of surprise
Great win for the #mariners!!
North Carolina is so pretty!!! Ah I'm in love
Rick yelling at Siva for blown assignment on open 3. Cards still in good shape. 48-41 257 left
Visit Orlando's, hottest gay places Orlando Florida at www.hgpof.com
Today's gift card winner if NATALIE BROWN STOTTS. Congratulations!
Felt tired. Layed down. Now wide awake.
There is too many ppl on this bus -_-
doodle head
No, but there will certainly be a "cheesy Mitt" in NYC tonight.
Yup, first time. Hit the spot.
The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love
Just added Yiddish and Welsh to hso.info tool using Google translate. More to come!
I could play the Shaunie O'Neal role...
Love the enthusiasm and support! Unfortunately, our rules prohibit issuing press releases in connection to the contest.
Ditto RT : keep doing ur thing. Everyone knows the best place for #BBN news. !!!
Many a man has found the acquisition of wealth only a change, not an end, of miseries. – Lucius Annacus Seneca
why so you'll l wake up tired unsatisfied
hey big A, baby I got your money
I'm sure most of Canterbury can make that claim. Drag him to NY! MT: “: I have Mike Radley in my kitchen swilling red wine"
So i realize i need to just stop worrying so much and just enjoy my life...
Cinnamon Bear officially over. Until next year!!
haha shiit! I need to refresh on my movies man, you ganna be in town next weekend?
RT : Pray to God, but keep rowing toward the shore. -Chinese Proverb
Ah he called me. :D
yeah too hot !
#evobiz Calling all World Changers, Evolutionary Entrepreneurs, and Right-brainers, and Visionaries to a 5 week teleseries at...
Scooter guy for the holiday parties! Be careful everyone use scooter guy to be safe!
thanks! I won't lie, I'm scared to death right now!
lol I was going to say, I hope you aren't at work right now hahaha.
Jessica Simpson: Post-Baby Bump Will Her Salary Jump?
We're almost at 100 Billion posts in the ForSight database.
Asiago dip from
Back in new haven looking to network
Can't wait for the sept "#Brewers overcame adversity" storys. Everyone who thinks its a lost season, please remember 2011. Stop being silly.
First question from to Filner: where are your policy initiatives?
Madonna's stalker who had escaped from a mental hospital was just found in the LBC too. Oh, were you starting to feel safe?
he's good! been exhausted having to work and then do rehearsals all month, but I take care of him
lol yes! so true. the "who, me? oh, i don't actually LIVE in the street...i just dress like i do." look.
We have a family pack of ticket vouchers for tonights Sesame Street Live show tonight at Santa Ana Center! FREE just let us know 881-3449.
I'm seriously making a sandwhich!
RT : !!! what's good man Shiloh not the same without cha bro!!!// lol yoooo i miss that place!! You good?
Time for Light It Up!
Tv and bed up early for work.
I dont wanna get up...
trying to finish this 15 page paper before the woman gets here, she is such a distraction lol
I feel so protected around my boyfriend. Taking he's like 3x my size.
Made some progress today in finding a place on south with the guys. Hopefully finding a certain soon.
Update:Vehicle Fire: WB On I-64W at MM 277 in Norfolk. 2 lanes closed. Delay 1 mile.7:05PM.
THIS ISN'T FUNNY, IT'S A CRISIS. #sheesh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
no sir. This is cowboy bar, line dancing is how they get down. Rachel better ride that bull though! And No fitteds or baggy pants
Shew.... just took a huge shit in my bathroom
LOL hostiliy was felt there! Ill get som cheesecake and make sure you do the same! It'll be delicious!
Come live this life I live. tell me its easy. I dare you.
lol. No matter what, I love you. Have an awesome birthday tomorrow. :)
Awesome! #BBN RT : Nice of Dr. Hansen to appeal to the crowd at Keeneland and dye Hansen's tail Blue for today's Blue Grass.
i don't have the money anymore that's the thing :/
Awww... hope the wife and friends are taking video for you! :) Just think, Calvin will look back, say my dad was coverin' NHL
Have we become hunter/gatherers for apps ? Well have we?
Of US households?
Weighed in world champs germany. MMA , full contact and proam kickboxing, bring it!!
just because there's a little sun, that does not mean it's shorts and flip flop weather..
I am not sure I agree with you on this. With worldwide gross at 38mil it seems they will not make back their mktg budget.
Well...at least the hold music on this Apple support line is dope...
Crazy so proud of my former player Sharief Adamu signing with Auburn, remember a lot of good times...and real talks.... #proudcoach #
Jen panties on ebay?!? :p
my good friend patron and me might not make it gotta crash for a little bit
Thank you to all the RBB supporters. U R very appreciated. For those that can't make the premiere, there will be a live stream Oct 19!
We have a new server ready - vpn-in84 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in New York, NY. It's available in your customer area now.
We need to find a better way to visualize associated infrastructure.
This #daytona500 is crazy!
some of us work on Fridays until the clock strikes 5:30. Respect the dedication!
ayye kayla get in this tiny chat !
Hanging out with my best friend! I love her (:
:) I love them too!
lol at submitting a link to hacker news, forgetting about it, and coming back to seeing "1. *"
rupert hasn't seen me in a few days. he's currently welded to my hip.
I couldn't make it to NEA who's the new prez?
I need to do the same!
Fenty is giving a good analysis of how the city has dramatically improved in terms of education, crime, and government services.
The best u ever had...nd there's no denying cuz u felt the need 2 prove a point...all smilez 4 me:)
i'm a very stubborn person. nobody can really shake me of anything...regardless of what it is or who you are.
That awkward moment when you realize 10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Bob Hope & Johnny Cash. Now we have no Jobs, no Hope and no Cash.
Do it!
#RVA homeless service providers are in LA for the #NAEH Conference on Ending Family and Youth #Homelessness thanks to local funder
I just don't know what to do with this night.
Excited we will be adding new staff, new offerings for American Sign Language (ASL) & Video Remote Interpreting (VRI) in 2012!
Made it to Mom's apartment in Great Neck. Time to start cleaning, then show it, then meet with realtor.
why don't u text me slut
for what
I got coffee. did you order coffee?
Thx for the follow! Checked out your site and signed up. Looking forward to receiving your tips. Ciao!
If you are in Manchester New Hampshire, The Glenn Miller Orchestra has a show tonight at 8pm @ Saint Anselm College.
Dm me with the paypal info please sir!!
Has Oklahoma State quit scoring on Tech yet?
today will be busy!
RT : RT You'll be surprised what some people have been through
It was so good to hear Doris's voice after all this time. She's just so different from today's actors-in a good way.
Thanks - hope you're staying warm out there today! Cheers neighbor!
Attention to details
Michelle loves the K9 club; met new friends and confidence up. We have bet: teach bulldog rollover gets $100
Excited to finally be back where I've wanted to be all week, on set :)
now that you're here it is.
Staying in Omaha! Looked as if Columbia, S.C. was new address, but a job offer came thru last nite, I don't have 2 repack the house again!
You must Hustle to Succeed.
I'm the black widow of twitter...too many twittercides in my wake.
Was tired today but put on my dancing shoes and joined at ! S/O 2
After 10 minutes in new #humanscale freedom chair, I feel so much better. Ergonomics FTW!
Received some sweet emails from 2 senior scooterists re: latest issue. Butch Viccellio and Lt. Col. Ransom u made my day.
The city of Pittsburgh's gonna be fuckin electric tomorrow night
How did I stop listening to underoath, Norma Jean and alexisonfire .. Fuck bad break ups musics forever
just walked outta walmart to find i gotta flat...wtf...800 bucks a tire for a little piece of metal to fuck it up
Thankful today for amazing grace!
Yes, I was thinking the same thing--that would be great! Will let you know :) In the meantime, I only wish I was in NYC!
Morning read via : Chinese cow's milk that imitates human milk. "No GMOS for babies," she declared.
:-) keep up the solid work!
Thank you teresa for the motivating i had a real good day ... Your tweet helped me through the day
i want some NOSH!
Not all people that wander are lost .
green Chile borderline too intense. Beef is amazing! Fries are perfect. How have I not been here before?
don't hate...celebrate
I agree, still think this team, without Prince can contend for WC at least. Melvin will need a smart off season though.
I awready know man. I was busy b4 but now im ready. Im on my P's&Q's. Tell Gutta that im ready like a motherfucka
Physics is soo complicated !!!!
#AAS3rdcentury talking about GitHub as a social space for discussion of in-process work.
beatles, stones, zeppelin! :)
please follow me as your birthday present to me on your birthday even though its not my birthday... ish <3
says he has an obligation to repay. Education will be an important part of admin. Also extends to role as biz man.
…and one of the busiest on campus! 1,490 students are registered to be in Ag Hall 125 today.
ok. I thought I worded it correctly.
@ Shotters getting it inn with my folks! HAPPY MF BIRTHDAY 2 ME Aaayyyeee!!!
don't worry: you will be assimilated. Resistance is futile!
. Im lame. Im laying in bed, listening to 1D and talking on the phone with my brother.
If this is His way of getting my attention, He's got it.
Stay strong, Rob, and give Wisconsin better representation than Paul Ryan and his 'trickle up' economic bs.
Ah! Lambeau! I never want to leave....
Spiders can crawl text, not Flash or images
That's awesome. Case sucked (super sad civil), but she alternated between hilarious and gangster. Hope she wins again.
temporary programming burnout is setting in pretty hard. Cannot wait for a week at home!
Teacher: Why haven't you started on your homework? Me: I have answered the first problem...your name here
What's everyone doing for 4th of July? Are we invited?
Beer stein- German beer tankard or mug, with a hinged lid & levered thumb lift.
about to work-out with my girls friends
Tx 4 RT : "This puts egg on our face," says JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon of $2billion trading loss. More like a Moby Dick omelette.
pretty good i think he gave up 4 but we had some crucial errors
Thank you!
maybe i need some rehab , or maybe just need some sleep. i gotta sick obession, i'm seeing it in my dreams !
i need help RT me and have your friends follow! helping me is helping a library a poor or hard person get access to info
RT : RT Q1: WHAT IS THE BIGGEST DECISION YOU HAVE EVER MADE RE: YOUR BIZ?
The kids love #wheeloffortune. Is that weird? I'm watching it waiting for #thevoice!
I really want to see Wanderlust...
why not walk Saunders in the 9th to get the righty-righty matchup w light hitting Ryan and hope for DP
Exhausted...... Goodnight!
Yaaaaay is comin ova today! :D I miss that nigga!
It was a good week. :)
need to do the finals in Lambeau what a ratings bonanza
#COSIGN!!!! “: if they lose this series I'm done with basketball forever”
George! I have to keep my options open until you are ready to commit!
sometimes, the answer is in a forkful of icing.
haters be haten :)
3 more hours at work... Gonna take some time to get used to night shift... Worth it though.
#mla12 #s442 Jay Clayton: multiplicity of media moves students beyond questions of "fidelity" by defamiliarizing
Choked up. Go Obama!
Soccer isnt just my sport it is my way of life and my passion!
you will never have to worry !
Finally had a whole day to myself. Spent my time writing, reading fantasy, and baking.
Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success.(unknown)
Yes there is a global pickup conference. Our next one is in D.C. at the end of March.
i am coming to philly for the two shows this summer!! we have to hang!
You have a cell phone? (Checking my contact list) Hmm, don't see a number. RT : don't have my cell phone
no maybe that could be the reason. jk. Well I used to have a crush on Kim possible. I loved her hair & voice
Had a great day with mi amor
you funny
Does anyone have a snake mask or tail I can borrow for one of my students?
Flight Control is addictive.
5 albums 100 songs and you ain't got no yeezy I bet you got Jkwon but you ain't go no fucking yeezy
Now playing - the new good old war record. what are your thoughts on it?? what are you listening to??
Miley licking that cake is a phallacy
I wanna take you to a shipwreck, a thousand miles under the Black Sea. Looks like everybody's sleeping, but look closer they're dead indeed.
Gorgeous! The mighty hunter in respose. Hope your back gets better--the hallway is far too quiet.
#minnesotawild lose in a shoot out 2-1 to the NY Islanders.
Yes, and I am wary of a 50-year lease for a shorter-term asset.
i know. i just thought they had same instagram 2 as they have tumblr. :)
Do you have Pretty Tall Style and want to be featured on the blog? Message me for details.
Thanks so much! We think it's pretty cool ;)
get it. cuz of ur tweet
We have a new server ready - vpn-co29 openvpn server in London UK. It's available in your customer area now.
hey!! I am reading "moneyball" now
Madison, you were so good to me this weekend. Thanks again for the most #YOLO filled weekend I've had in awhile
here here here! Ordering all things that glow in the dark or have LED lights. & listening to Alex Clare & Rodrigo Y Gabriela!
that awkward moment when im inhaling these hot cheetos like theres no tomorrow and everyone is staring at me. . . .
MIA so we can gain a 1/2 game on the Knicks & finish this #PlayoffPush Strong...Let's get it..
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (13)
an admission of guilt? Ha.
Yes, in your head :)
Couldn't have done it any better! “: Mike Sadler gets the punt to the WI 1 yard line. yes one yard line;”
“Unselfish and noble actions are the most radiant pages in the biography of souls.” – David Thomas
Tonight we're beginning our re-watch of the Alien movies because I can't really remember anything from them. Except that there's an alien.
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
I know I should champion mass transit, but every time it takes more than an hour to get downtown, #Metro makes that task harder.
Agreed! RT : taco thursday doesn't sound as good as taco tuesday, but it tastes as good
You're very welcome! As always, you were great to listen to! :-)
RIP Steve Jobs. Thank you, Steve.
well to me its Christmas all year round. Duh! I'm a christmasholic(:
gala at the museum, i'll be schmoozing it up and swiping credit cards til after midnight. have fun!
Always wear Twilight Woods ALWAYS
It was the Dorothy Hamil cut! And I was in the MILITARY, so it worked for me.
Sadly no but the concept is there. Owning our mindshare is more difficult that a simple data vault. 800M FB users is one prob.
OMG, I cannot get Zou Bisou Bisou out of my head.
Don't miss performing live at Rumbas at westpalm beach!
This is to indicate that those 3 controversies (and one other) are still active today.
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them. ~Desmond Tutu
brad must have found this shit huh
About to play some robin thicke
I've found that helps reduce printing. I'm using it for clipping potential products for & organizing them w/ tags.
Happy Friday! Looking to close out the week strong!! Who's gonna get the first Magor Philly on-site?
In the same arena of genius with Coltrane, Marvin, Baldwin...BIGGIE! RIP
That was an awkward Q sorry but i meant r u the one in between the 2 girls?
Where at Columbus Circle is Bierbeek? Couldn't see it at the usual spot outside Citi Bank.
#followfriday #ff for making my day---everyday!
Thanks so much for the blog about - We are so grateful!
Wow, look at you tweeting!! All is good. Let's try and nail down getting together next week? Thursday?
Jesus said, Healthy people don’t need a doctor-sick people do...For I have come 2 call not the righteous,but those who r sinners.Mat 9:12-13
Really? I'm enjoying my HD episodes of Cheers without interruptions.
Getting my bellybutton pierced tomorrow =P Kinda nervous about the pain but I thinkl it'll be fine =) gonna take it like a boss with
RT : I am ready to open an "electrode bar" for those who'd like to self-administer brainhacks....
Fireman Ed's new gig: Battle the flames of Hell
That was very beautiful. Thank you so much for sharing such special memories of your mom! Blessings.
Poor little Nashville squirrels were cold this morning. Even their water dishes were frozen. Dang! My coffee keeps disappearing! ?
#idontunderstandwhy people are so stupid!
Thanks lil bro, you gotta play it for Moms lol
yeah if you are a political consultant from wonderland.
What a nice day! Can't wait for Mom, Dad, and to get home from garage sales so we can go for a walk!
they found out wat u did last summer D:
When someone hurts you or leaves you with any reason, the best revenge is to live better.
I WANNA THANK ALL THE PIMPS AND PLAYERS FOR SCHOOLEN ME ON HOW TO PLAY THE GAME :)<3
and a come-hither fuck me look, pouty lips and oh yes something that accenuates your cleavage!
thanks for all the supportive messages. we are still waiting for Ryann to appear. marcy is fine and comfortable right now.
- great meeting you in our SD office yesterday! Hope you had a good flight back.
good one!
always enjoy new kendrick
#Coke ads are nice, not sure the story they are trying to tell, not #superbowl worthy
Ronnie Radke says he's gonna cancel his twitter! If he does, I will seriously be so damn upset :'(
No ticket, no cover and open to the public. Hope to see you there!
wow, was that one year ago? Happy birthday! I'd play for you again but my guitar is on a boat.
Yea, buddy!
. I was once at a concert where a guy objected to a song about Bonnie Prince Charlie. Lecture on Hanoverian usurpation, stormed out.
Looking to learn a bit more about the intersection of #agile, #development, and #ux. Anyone have some spare cycles over the weekend?
Hahahaha, you know I will !
I Could use your input on introducing a national initiative that will change Edu significantly and save Billions of $$$ 9204505404
they got barbd wire facing the other way so its like there keeping something inside, under the airport.
It feels good to have someone to talk to that knows what things feel like ..
African bush witch doctors finding Power of God and Love a destroyer of their disease laced policy of subjugation & total dominance. Victors
Looking forward to next week's GigaOM in NYC. Message if you're going!
Work with what you got to get to your destiny. Believe that you can have it.
Woo! Peter Dinklage! HALF-MAN!!!
final deadline for their #screenplay competition is Nov. 15! Finishing some edits and reworking scenes today!
Maybe we need a #BEONFIRE incubator.
I love you too..all of you!!
I can't complain about Iowa (I KNOW, right?!?) ... we're expecting 60s for spring break next week. REAL spring!!! :)
Lmfaooo": If you ain't got the cake , CAN'T PLAY WITH THE NOOKIE !"
Love when Twitter fires off ancient unsent tweets
Lady Nairobi
That's mostly true, but hitting that deer while on a snowmobile trail between taverns would beat that.
Aha. I won't name her now but she was a gem and has a son who's a fairly well known actor.
home for a week :)
Birthdays are always so depressing.
Looks like you are playing at 8pm. San Jacinto/Navarro just got moved to 5pm
Havent been on in a while!! i missed talking to all you guys!! How ARE My Amazing ICONiacz Sisters <33
Use the ones you have, and buy some bloggers lunch :)
Michael suddenly wants to open a Spokane office....he seems to like places where the candidate he worked with did well in the primary...
Wow! Colts FIRE-SALE!!! Bye, bye Dallas, Joseph, Melvin, etc. Who's got #Colts season tix they want to get rid of now?
happy valentine's day! love you <3
Maybe golf fans do, but not the casual fan. It is unique because it is an individual game. Need personalities
How did the farmer find the sheep in the tall grass?
On my way to Orlando :)
Can music define us?
omg. stop trying to seem all badass online! cuz in real life, my freaking toe is more badass than you! -__-
Considering Rangers collection of sluggers, wouldn't Span or Revere provide defense & speed they need?
Dear Tweeters- I am going on hiatus until after I defend my thesis this week. See you on the flip side!
hahaha man.....thanks doc....you back there mackin on that bass...
Barefoot beatin' street fleet feet flyin strugglin strivin striking out at the black cracked broken yellow line. but the heartache remains.
This is Zoli. The real one.. not the fake one that took the twitter.com/zolisuicide address.. Isn't it awesome when people want to be you!?
Fix North of North? Zombies/pimps/hookers - HAMSTERDAM!
oh wow smh
thanks Ralph - how could we say no to another fun interview with you!
MAC MILLER CONCERT WITH MY BEST FRANDDD !!!!
I can't wait to watch it.
And that's WhatsUp....
Retweet if your going to the Barnum & Bailey Circus in DC, Don't be embarrassed
Hank Paulson and Ed Liddy made false and fraudulent statements to the SEC. So did Martin Sullivan
Ticket booked for Buenos Aires. Any recs? DM me!
Totally a tangled web of thoughts on my part! Haha
Don't you guys feel ahead that you did the "cinnamon challenge" last year? I feel ahead even though I only filmed!
Dozen of patrons swarming your website!
she really want me to play .... BUT I DONT
Follow Me Please! <3
AndroidSexMchne Thanks for following...
who do u think is really making the decisions about yur healthcare now anyway? Are u a doctor? Do u know what all those tests mean?
on tonight at 7:30 pm! Be there punks!
Firefighters remove deposits from M&I Bank! Follow them!
no I went there on Sunday and who ever was hosting just Said I wasn't on this week
say yes to the dress >>>>>>> home dying
#ICantStandPeople who rule the world; therefore, #IfIRuledTheWorld I would not be able to stand myself.
Thanks for the link.
When a man see you not all glamed up, but still finds you attractive!
*luis :D :D did you see the hunger games yet? i still need to read it
I do hope you all had a great weekend. Back at work now and ready to write...
Great product + memorable customer experience = Word of Mouth
Half marathon in 9 days-- probably about time to get some new running shoes!
it feels like I have not seen you here as much recently. Is that my imagination? What have you been up to lately?
Happy mother's day!
haha we cant do that
So gone
The horrors Ms. Saunders writes about in Home Street Home aren't figments of the imagination." John Zunski, author of Cemetery Street
thank you!! get a pair for xmas! :)
I choose to have a kind attitude towards everyone that comes my way.
I went out 37th. Did you do any good? I was on table 1-8, you?
Uh oh ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Friday night in Chicago--Wish you had a new friend on your arm?? Sign up at www.DatingChicagoland.com right now to make that happen!
Find a man who will not ruin your mascara or make u cry ,find 1 who's ready to catch your tears & let them make u cry on there white t shirt
Energy drink, Spicy Nacho Doritos, Wayne Grudem... Let the all-nighter begin!
Great things come from great effort. Do great things today.
Good Afternoon<U+2600> Blessed! Beautiful! Bountiful! Peaceful! Productive! I declare these over my life 2day!!!!!
Hey Friend we miss you around here!!
#SKCchat I will predict 2-1 win for the good guys. And one of the goals to be from outside the box.
my thoughts go out to you, Bree.
back to ohio today! ohio bands & companies, I want to feature more of you this semester! hit me up if you want an interview or album review.
Dogs are mans bestfriend. Certified
Please welcome Birds Eye as 20th partner!! lets make very kid a member of
idea for web series and sedative: woody allen's oscar night activities every year since 1977.
Now that I've finished my ethics training, I guess I should stop telling my coworker that we should have a baby together.
50 cent I get money still gets my hype.
Voy a comer
"You have a business that enjoys a VERY HIGH customer satisfaction index and I'm certainly one of those happy campers."
late July looks good. What location should we work with?
It may be Friday but feels like virtual Thursday as we will be in tomorrow to finish last round of upgrades before the start of the semester
PLEASE WISH ME HAPPY BIRTHDAY ITS MY BIRTHDAY(: =DD
I'm magician but yus
This season finale is just getting started.
She traded 500 for a jellybean purse
Live Tech On Demand would like to thank Radcliffe Bailey and wife Vicoria Rowell for using our computer repair services.
Come on penguins you should win because if you don't our only hope is the pirates and we all know how that turns out
is the cites supposed to be included in the 6 pages? or after the 6 pages?
hey miranda you come 2012 to germany or other land in europa ?
My interview on Fox's Good Day Orlando will air tomorrow morning around 9am! Watch me if in Orlando...thanks!
fuck U for making it almost impossible for me to get a package! U should state when you purchase something that U need 2 sign 4 it!
If Obama was born in the US but used Kenya to sell himself then falsus in unum, falsus in omnibus"false in one thing, false in everything"
I've got a 2500 for today myself. We'll compare notes later.
Glad you're back champ. I get in on Friday.
and flags for the caravan out to st. pete!
Guest Blogger Neal David Sutz and Giveaway: www.knowledgesafari.com click blog!
"Ground Control to Major Tom Commencing countdown, engines on."
i needs more followers twitter be cool follow me
what up bro.
congratulations! Small, medium or large - L.K. Jordan is, without a doubt, the BEST place to work in San Antonio!
Car shopping..... Uh so annoying!
Stoked for the roller-coaster this week is going to be.
please join in! I'm not clear on the 1990 comment either....
Aries Signs of greatest overall incompatibility: Cancer, Libra, and Capricorn
is there a Volunteer Central? Would like 2 bring in team of about 15 youth from SA nxt wkend if possible?
i know where u live
haha! that's probably because we don't talk much.
oh lol our school is so boring
Posting later tonight a new feature The Power Grid, ranking top 11 #indycar drivers each week. See where your fav driver is ranked!
Thanks R for the talks today. Incredible work on your end. Pleasure to get some of your time.
Senator Jack Reed D-Rhode Island said "Healthcare---> Every one should pay their Fair share" #hhrs #SupremeCourt!!
This class is so boring my foot fell asleep.
Rail-splitting produced an immortal president in Lincoln, but golf hasn't produced even a good Congressman. -Will Rogers
Good Lookin on the follow Lady's, Yall know I'm followin yall back
we'll def try to go then! his website is down right now... grrr! but i'm watching for when it goes live again :)
Everyone please share this page. The further the music is spread the better ;)
Happy New Year everyone!!!(: This is the first new year I have spent without my oldest sister I miss her):
omg. You two are en fuego.
BE the change you want to see.
hahaha we would've had to meet up! That'd be so fun!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
MCL Mac n cheese trumps all!
It's #TheatreThursdays at Encore! Let's talk about stage necessities. What's the main purpose of a ghost light?
What a great weather day. Sunny and not too hot.
I know, right? I tweeted about the "more to come" aspect earlier today. I'm quite smitten w/Bumbershoot (but aren't I always?)
jamiroquai - virtual insanity #nowplaying at the bar, I remember the music video & the big furry hat...
we did exist..
If you're looking for a "code" for anything, keep looking! Muahahaha. (or, dm us)
Levels followed by Ninjas in Paris on shuffle? And I'm not even at a party. I'm so confused.
Blazers trail Hornets by 3 at halftime. Winterhawks tied midway thru 2nd Period...
In 2009, congress actually cut the amount going into social security. So soon a "tax increase" will be proposed that just restores it back
hey. We're meeting up though and we WILL meet them!;)
OMGOMGOMG. DOES SOMETHING GOOD MEAN LIKE TICKETS?! HOLY FUDGEE. PLEASE FOLLOW ME? I LOVE YOU, BROO<3 :D xx
Thanks for sharing it.
what it dew
At the end of the day, it's hard to get around the fact that Facebook basically made every other social service completely irrelevant
To the best mom in the world, happy mothers day
Ray, Matt, and I
Didn't realize I could & was working on something else. Links I just tried didn't work. How much is left?
Why did Whitney Houston snort Splenda? Because she thought it was Diet Coke! #RIPWhitney #toosoon?
#TwitterPaused just out a couple of minutes...
#ual #united reservations & customer service completely dysfunctional.untrained outsourced callcenters & inept grnd support.Sad.
OK. Thanks. Will do.
Feel like it's the night before Christmas. Full test of the Dirty Ball costume, & it's perfect. CAN'T WAIT!!!!
Only male turkeys can gobble, which is funny as we always thought women always had more stuff to fuss about.
Hey talk to me :)
Sometimes we don’t have because we don’t ask...because we don’t believe in ourselves.Believe in yourself today and get disciplined!
On my way to meet up with girls, going to have some fun!!
lots of sexual questions?
I hope but Dolphins are red hot
Winterhawks take lead with just under 7min left in 3rd period
"If we were all normal, the world would be a pretty boring place."
Aynor, Socastee High Schools rank top in state: MYRTLE BEACH, SC (WMBF) – When a DHEC inspector visited Spring House in North Myrtle ...
Our team presenting University today about #eduaction & #collectiveimpact!
Now I know why the birds are so angry. Those pigs are assholes.
Looking at the clock every 10 mins waiting for it to be 11pm ...
naw u good it's entertaining lol
get this week Started!
Someone who keeps shit 100 with you >>
RT : Walked into the bedroom and tripped over my wife's bra. It was a boobie trap!
Just saw twilight last night. It was good.
While there's life, there's hope! -Roman saying
Happy Mother's Day to you too, Mary Ellen! Love you too, my sister...**big hugs**
#WeStoppedTalkingBecause ya sex game was just awful baby girl
Wow reconnecting with all my cousins, kick it and threw back on all the good times, im so happy i saw them finally love the fam!
Dear "cool people", They didn't name a candy after you, did they? Sincerely, Nerds.
yes sir!
<U+200E>"I used 2 think the grass was always greener on the other side of the fence,until 1 day I looked back at my lawn from the neighbor's yard."
Monique Szaendze's trend: rise of mobile marketing
Boom boom boom even brighter then the moon moon..!
I'm using my iPod touch, but as soon as I get to a computer I'll definitely promote you!
Cancice is a awsome and wonderful woman no second best to her period. xoxo ;-) BH
Um, what?
Lux Panthers?? Hell yeah...
Just noticing theres a stack of Pornos , a webcam on the tv, & a real ass disco ball hanging .
Raiders holding off Chargers! Who would have thunk... Close game but I do think the Raiders got ripped on that TD called back.
Are you open yet?
Next Baltimore Boom Bap Society show- March 7th at , featuring 2 MCs (Femi and Black Root) and a 10-piece chamber ensemble.
so, this is great to write about. how are you going to address privileges and oppressions during your time? do you have a plan?
Fuck you guy!!! I got both just not in large quantity and not all the time
ill take it! :)
Janelle on teen mom is a dumb bitch lol crying cause she can't blow some trees bitch maybe you need rehab and not probation
speaking of loading to the conference wiki, are you going to put the link to live binders on our conference wiki page?
follow back bighead
Hehe! Id like to apply! Lmfao!! I just didn't know you were gonna do that! Haha
Bruins vs. Pengiuns at 7:30pm! Stop in & see us!
Big enough to launch a cow?
so clutch
creative motivation: I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells~Theodore Geisel
Great day with some amazing candidates at the Military Spouse Career Forum, thanks to everyone for stopping by and signing up!
Tell your boy Nick that Chelsea beat Barca!
I'm starting to think an IOperationInvoker will be the answer. So much code to write, though.
R&amp;B singers Trey Songz and Kelly Rowland exercise some cutesy couple love in the adorable one-minute “Heart Attack
Dinner with NFL players. Ya I'm high class.
I was boughta say say something
Heaven on Earth!Possible or not?That is the Question!It could be possible in some way that I have yet to experience.
Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle...I work out.
"You don't know love until you wiped someone's butt" lol gotta love that line
Vote for AT&T Goal of the Week, Wk. 20 Wonder-strikes from Mastro, Donovan, Torres, DeRo & Johnson
We need our "where's the beef " moment. ;)
hello! It's actually a .pdf. I'll email it.
RT : You ever shopped at a castle megastore?
This violin music is fantabulous! It's giving my huge brain a boner.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. Jim Rohn
Nice ? fm audience abt whether we should attach the "value-sensitive" modifier. Why not internalize that to just design? If only.
Urgent need to talk to you :O
Bout to start workin on my second mixtape
Ha! That's such a cute project! I think kindergarten was the high point of my life so far. :)
that sounds like a good night!
I put in my omlettes.
But now the American economy is based on retail jobs - fastest growing sector. How to ensure retail workers can reach Amer. dream?
What the fuck.....
MLS, NBC announce three-year broadcast deal. This is good for the sport!
Paying gig. Yay! On the weekend I was hoping to go out of town to a conference. Aww... Money, however, wins over fun.
i think I must have!
Well, June is Body Month. We'll be announcing July's specials this week. DM me ur email.
Former Waukesha South great Julian Swartz going to Memphis as asst Dir of basketball operations.
Cant sleep when thinking about cars all night
When doing YouTube videos, think about the image that you want to present to the world. Bad video can present a poor image.
"o spider man's toothbrush"
thanks for the RT! How's everything going?
I love my new texting app :-)
ok since you won't answer i will ask it and maybe you'll answer. Why do you hate dolls. why do they freak you out?
An early morning for me today! Had to be downtown for competition at 8:30, but I won so I suppose it was worth it ;)
I say the Lord's Prayer is an address to the universal Father which may be used with good conscience by Pagan, Jew, or Christian alike.
Looking forward to seeing you all !
Even a perfectly built, streamlined, and well-funded "host" of education must market to a parent, or child, who could care less.
thats good man. Congrats on that. It's ok here. Will probably be moving soon but its cool for now. How's the fam?
"So many languages in the world, and a smile speaks them all."
No matter how much you hate your cell, once it's gone forever you miss it terribly. RIP BB
Cobb county guy= Comic relief
Ill aint getting in until its 96°F thats body temp cuz I hopped in at 104° F and was cooking!!
I agree with your sentiment but would challenge you to find compelling facts like why hasn't he shut down GITMO? then your link
Congrats to Ryan Duguid - The new VP of Product Management for ! Nintex is luck to have him!
tomorrow i'll eat some x-mas cookies..!!!
I want to do something fab today, but I'm stuck at work feeling restless
Of course! Check out my page. Just landed 1st Union gig on Boardwalk Empire. Good things 4 us all!
if you don't get red then you are a wiener.
People change so that you can learn to let them go, and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together.~~~~~~~~~
#HIMYM went from bad to insanely terrible. This might be the worst episode of the series.
Have you read Michael Faber's "Under the Skin"?
RT : HAPPY BIRTHDAY T-LANE<thanks angel!
We challenge Robot Watson to go question to question on any matter relating to commercial real estate finance ...
Good Lord, just seen that Kevin Davies goal. What a strike, fluke or not. Come on Bolton!
: I'm always down for a little boozy boy action. Where are ya?===> Cold coolin at a bar, and I'm lookin for some action
thank you! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Can't believe JP got the last rose on the Bachelorette!!! Ben.. you defintely went out genuinely...
Police cars, street cleaners, city of Evanston trucks, a stage! It takes a lot of people power to make ready for a parade! Happy 4th!
Ok thats what they all say LOL o and i just got finish washing dishes
just hanging around and sprading the word for justin bieber
Just out of recording session. This EP is gonna be killer! now JimmyT at Lennies. Yum!
"Looking through old pictures with . Oh the memories we had with !!! #goodtimes"
3 dioceses drop foster care lawsuit - Chicago Tribune
Tweet of the day right here!
what you been doing??
RT #Vanderbilt relievers were very solid in relief, as #Dores shock #LSU on road, take series with 5-4 W.
LOOK AT YOUR TWITPIC NEVERMIND MINE! so precious
your gf looks like a burnt bird.
#Chicago. I've got a dinner 2moro w/some super cool people & I'm looking for something fun and beyond yummy. Far north side preferred. Tips?
We have officially reached the "I hate you, I want to die"phase with the child.... FANTASTIC I thought I had a couple more years, UGH!
Nothing like Lean Cuisine for dinner -_____- who needs to eat out when I got my microwave?!
Guess what? Two of my TV show concepts were reviewed by FX network. Yay!
I honestly just like seeing how big I can get them and them watching them fly away observing how interesting and cool they look c:
finally got around to watching 's #sotu... loved the Lincoln reference
Do I remember you? Hmm, let me think...oh yeah, you're the moron who left me a 23-cent tip last weekend.
What are you doing for your birthday? :)
: Your thoughts on Tupac da hologram?
Good Morning . God So good
& have formed a team of hyper-sensitive hypocrites. I'm done with First Take forever. Sorry I checked in.
hey what happen can i get a follow back
Sign up for WasteCap's free, monthly email bulletin. Simply send an email to with "Subscribe" in the subject line!
Why does curt ruin everything.
Learn a Tool Friday! Check out Pinterest, the online pinboard that lets you organize and share what you find on the Web....
COLLEGE LIFE
Tonight's Special: House Ground Sirloin Patty, Roasted Balsamic Tomatoes, Red Onion, Havarti Cheese, Leaf Lettuce, & Garlic Aioli Burger!
Yeesh. My HS split into 2 high schools since I graduated. And their total enrollment is still ~2700 students.
when you tell people you need more music and they look at you like you're on hoaders or something
LMAO! RT : I've worked hard for my ass, I'm gonna look at it!
but that was based on last year. Brewers stumbled at start but should be much better than a .500 team.
We said we're going to do our best, Hector said "Hey, you guys are NOT 'going to do your best.' YOU GUYS ARE GOING TO FUCKING #WIN OKAYY?"
Partied yesterday so hard ! I tired :) and another party today !!! (Y) :]
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 31
Monday is here! Crazy busy!
good Compass integration is on our short-list. We use it internally. Never going back.
i can see your bra...
Good answer! haha
Miami and pacers
Hanging with the mrs. Downtown chillin out looking fly!! Lol
Kobe just passed Larry Bird for 5th on the All Time Playoff Steals List
I love my life, I like to keep things simple and I am here to help you..
It is becoming apparent that being stupid is the way to get ahead in the world.
my mom just said she wished I would move to adamsville. #thanksfortheencouragementmom <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Go follow mahomies!! (: --> RT : shining, perfectly, beautiful, everyday
you are not leaving without calling me, are you???
The speed at wich urbanization is happening does not leave us time.
New favorite show: "Pregnant in Heels" with !
Want a #lifestyle discount vacation $100 per night visit us
Looking forward to it!
dude so weird you hit me up I was actually looking for you! Would you be interested in doing a remix for my remix album!!?
Going to the March for the Animals!! I so excited!!
Aargh: vendor messages that say, "since I haven't heard back from you, I guess you don't care about (insert important priority here)"...
Fck her till she tap "well that round over ;)
The book comes out this July. Watch for it on amazon.com.
You've definitely got a great group of fans & I enjoyed meeting you & them in ATL! :-) Fun times!!
I love Spring mornings: clean air, birds singing and God damn leaf blowers. I love leaf blowers.
Silence is a girl’s loudest cry. You can really tell she’s really hurt when she starts ignoring you.
Movie classic!
If you guys found out that you only had one week to live, what would you do?
Like a lemon to a lime and a lime to a lemon.
Giants lucky to recover two of their fumbles
I Have The Best Album Collection Ever " Just Give Me A Chance . "
Welcome. Blackberry is no comparison #iPhone>Blackberry
At the "Noah" film! I have a good feeling about this one.
M... It's getting cold, everybody pair up!! It's
Get opinions on a draft you think is ready. Show a draft too early, and all the negative notes can get very depressing
Lmfao im JK that not cool , dont drink bro
School is just an excuse to get rid of your child for 8 hours.
wtf did i just read? lol
woo wee you are gorgeous for no reason. God made you right!!
great, thanks!! just tryin to meet new people that are into music... keep doin ur thing!!!
#YouThinkYou'reFunny no, people falling over their own feet is funny
Group sues USDA over predator killing program
I truly hope that's hypothetical.
Two year-olds are the best square dancers.
Take control - own a home TODAY!
where ya going?
Arrived at Choctaw Casino for another fight at the nl tables. Updates later.
Tell your friends & fam you love them while you can. Apple might change everything again tomorrow. Are there tablets Beyond Thunderdome?
I've used drugs and returned them to the seller
At birth Dalmatian #dogs are totally white
I've never seen you shine so bright
feels very fortunate to work in an office where Pi Day is celebrated with lots of tasty Pi(e). M. 2 slices so far. More to come!
Might as well watch the sunrise on my roof.
Watching Thompson Square at The Wheel in Nashville
Heh, yes that was kinda cool.
thanks! its sitting in a bowl of rice and i'm just hoping it will work again.
Femdom Tip: Protocols and Rituals creates the bubble that feeds the D/s relationship. Incorporating them allows many avenues for punishments
That is a tricky one, dang! I hope to be dealing with crazy ref. questions soon
Careful Bitch, Plastic Melts. (:
Got back to the gym tonight. Felt good. Hopefully I can keep it going.
VERY excited to have rep'd in their search for new commercial kitchen space. You *must* try their bars - Congrats, Tribe!
#DJ service for weddings graduations everything
you guys are the best. Thank you so much. I don't know what I would do without you. Love you guys.
all thanks to YOU!!! Thank you buddy, lookin forward to Sunday
weird. the Kforce thing is too strange...is there really another Sabrina Hughes in Tampa?
Shame they don't give out gold medals in back-pedaling.
Up can't sleep in 2 much pain n these weak azz meds ain't working....
after 72 million whistles to get them to slow their roll (*narf*) it's 87-59 (R)
Lolz pretty girl cannot be awake at this time of the morning ! It's to late xD
Californos has a new happy hour! Appetizers are $2 off from 3-6 pm Monday-Friday! We offer -$2 specials on Boulevard, glasses of wine, etc!
- Thank you for the RT best of luck in your career in 2012.. we look forward to checking out "One Mic Night"
I would LOVE 95 and sunny! But would settle for 80 and partly cloudy... ;)
I haven't been able to breath through my nose for weeks. Do you have any remedies you're using?
use of social media for the RIGHT reasons. Have you guys heard about the Curse of the Red Cup?
Hubby irritated... and so am I?!
nice meeting you man! Thanks for coming out to Norman to see us!
Good will always prevail, go caps...well this time at least
neither can we!
Endless F2P gaming + social networks + netflix = I'm feeling a bit of a data high.
OMG I can't wait to see on The Voice he is so Cute <3 But If I was your #Boyfriend Lmbo
i cannot stand Alonso, I really wanted to see Perez take the win
Don't get my tweets sent to your phone.
your music lineup on my drive to work was scratching me right where I itched
Whimsy Press hosting holiday open today at King Plow, 887 Marietta, studio T-102. Save 20% on collection of stationery and more.
Jesus is coming!! Look busy.
wanna bet 5 in wnba finals
better a social media climber than a social media borer.
I think i listened to #MyLittleEarthquake2 atleast a hundred times since i woke up this morning!
Unpaid internships might be a thing of the past... Along with kids working in coal mines.
At last, at last… the servers are back, we are live and the dreamhost coupon code is still active. 10% off anything in the store, anything!
is in Final Transmission tonight, 8PM This show is quickly red shifting into the vast reaches of oblivion. Check it.
Hey Clippers... This is the playoffs. Today was def not as exciting as yesterday!
CONTACT KUEEN FOR AN INTERVIEW NEXT THURSDAY LET'S LOCK IT IN ...I'M READY I KNOW U ARE TOO...LET'S PUT UR MUSIC BACK IN TEXAS
Tonight's topic: Consumerism & the Pursuit of Happiness with John de Graaf and late replacement Sekai Senwosret
If you want to hear from some inde publishers, about collection development in an Asian art museum library, or museum publishing, come at 4!
LOVE ME BIOTCH.
I AM SO JEALOUS >.<
Employment Rage. A must read for all engaged in the world of work.” Kenny Moore. Read it, get enraged, and get working!” Alf Rehn
Thanks, and I will see you at the CD Release Party!!!
All you need is love and a McDonald's cheeseburger.
media mail, y'all!!
that's a view among some scientists, who think we need to suspend democracy etc. Can't go there!
I always meet the coolest people at poetry events.
Im in a good place some good music would come from here but ziggans aint worth a cus
I hope you knocked it out of the park!
good trip home yes...no slap in the face by
You have more people here for the movie than your talk…why is that?
You've got to know that ya KNOW: everything is working for your GOOD! Period. Point-Blank. End of Story. #GO!
can't WAIT to see you this weekend ! It has been too long
Auditions for Allegro Dance Co. Sat Nov 13 2pm Ohio County Library Wheeling WV ! Singers & Dancers wanted!
excited for next week: Monday and 2012 kick-off HQ in LA
Oh, hey Looking forward to visiting your patio in a few short weeks. Post beer celebration!!!!
I talked to your dad at Oyster Bake lol
Getting another new phone todayi yeah... Droid 2 global ...
I drink with bar managers, restaurant owners and executive chefs. I learn a lot if I ask the right questions.
Nothing beats NYE at the Blue Goose in Garrison, MN! I'm serious...dinner, drinks and dancing...and no driving!
Fuckk phone died & I can't find the fucking charger. D: </3
Wait till you use boto to launch a cloudformation that starts a sharepoint cluster.. the mind boggles!! Thanks for coming today!
We really would like the chance to address your concerns. Please reconsider contacting us so can correct our errors.
hey follow me please i love your site!!! :)
One day, you're going to look back,and think, "Damn, that girl really did love me..."
#BlockB we will support you.
Wooten Patent desk from Indianapolis part of World's Fair exhibit at Nelson-Atkins Museum in KC.
What guitar string brand/guage do you use and why? I use daddario 11 guage - thick for chord work - although, I miss the 10's and 9s!
George Washington's teeth were actually carved from animal tusks, somebody else's teeth, and some from animals like deer and cales.
I'm looking for a place march 9 to 13 at sxsw. Details?
Pagoo - it's all about a hermit crab. I couldn't read that one enough. Ping about a baby diving duck in China was close behind.
yes and then there are the Conway royals which are larger. Very good serve them at the restaurant.
Hee! We think so too! I'm glad we didn't stop at 99 name possibilities!
Our Stoplight party is tonight! Don't miss it!
Philadelphia ice cream culture usually involves salty pretzels in my experience.
Just bought a #volt today. Salesman was clueless. Get back to work GM and train the dealers so you aren't halting production.
When he interrupts you while you're making a point, you'd say "I'm millkin' this cow. You just hold the bucket."
VSAE was great fun today! Looking forward to next month already.
Overheard in loud tones on NYC bus, 20-something woman: "I don't think I could bring myself to vote for Romney. But I'd f#$% him."
Angels walk amongst us.....they help to teach us to sprout our own wings. ~ Lisa Morgan
happy birthday to both my grandparents.and happy st.patricks day to all
I got harry, australia and two kids :D
Happy Thursday tweeters! Almost to the weekend. Any big plans on this first weekend in November?
Haha, yeah. I'll be careful.
oh:/ well you should!!!:D how old are you!?
SISTER HAVE NOT!?
#dpla have you met #cpb and the #aacip? I think the two of you would get along well.
but my dad is home ! Haa
Join us for our Winter Documentary Series NEXT WEEK. Wed 1/18 @ 5:30p. We'll be showing Where Soldiers Come From.
We're gonna call it quits. #newbeginnings !
I GOT KILLED, that was the scariest 30 second sprint of my life. Partially because I'm half obese.
I don't even want to know why "Justina Bieber" is trending...
"Don't place too much confidence in the woman who boasts of being as honest as the day is long. Wait until you meet her at night!"
Looks that way, so far. I still think we can do something though. Start by tweeting and emailing
you need to catch up with the BraveNewGoogleWorld where your email history is forever (and archived by a friendly corp!)
I was in a barber shop uptown the other day and half the whole place was die-hard, childhood Lakers fans. Win or lose.
I love you too paige <3
a list of things to do & I'm still sitting around
Final Touches before Schengen
Me: How long has that fridge been there? Coworker: Since always. Me: Must have really confused those cavemen.
Good luck to everyone working on papers and studying for exams at the end of the semester! Congratulations to all of the upcoming graduates!
Did you get your free comics today?
Thanks...I had a great time. Leigh Ann is wonderful.
Right on.
Feeling real good about the events of the day so far.
Pictures can be from a steelers super bowl party, from the super bowl whatever don't matter.
ion agree with that.
Jenny Bruso!!! Don't know what we'd do without you! You truly are a dream come true! Thank you again and again Sweetheart! <3 <3 <3
We appreciate your quality bar tweets, so we bought you a tab at Centro. Ask the hostess for details. Bring ID.
The line at the #Costco food court is like waiting in a line for a ride at
Currently watching clips from #insideout -- the cast immediately plunges into a stream of words that stereotype disability. Powerful.
I love being da Boss eve on payday
Getty bringing games from the digital world into the gallery. Difficulties:pushback from staff & hard to implement. Wifi issues too
Rain in the valley today tho...
I've always hated "baby" and "honey" but some how with new boy I love it
I didn't hear back from her she was in Tampa last month but she never followed up on our emails ot one another
best with everything
Texas A&M. Finding new ways to lose since 1939
That is beyond tits! I don't know if it gets anymore #paranormal as that. ..."Signed 'Your friend, D'"
Small but significant PR win: RG3 signing with adidas makes SportsCenter bottom-screen scroll.
Why school :(
Gearing up for tomorrow's mini-epic
I know who you helped. I agree.
Good stuff-->RT : Day 2: Entrepreneurial success starts with Andrew Neitlich.
If you can look at a dog and not feel vicarious excitement and affection, you must be a cat. ~Author Unknown
Want to talk to curriculum designers who have experience adapting existing content into a university level course. email:
Working at #arlingtonrooftopgrill tonight :) come by for #happyhour and watch #football !!!!
I feel so loved when retweets me <3
getting scientific , mixing #LeopoldBros #absinthe verte old skool style, #hottoddy s and
avert your eyes! ;-)
Okay I need One Direction to go on already! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> I'm getting impatient lol.
hi twitter thank you for the follows i startd at 0.just yestrday i had 118 i luv u guys i have 296 followers.plz follow my sister
I think I get it! Now we just figure out how fast you need to walk in order to avoid having to give up your last name.
he said it was jermaines fault cause the windows were down .. Lol he was countin his $$ lol
awesome! We have work nights every Tuesday from 6-9pm until the event. Could you join us next Tues? 415 NW 7th
Good Morning World , a glorious sunny day, to hell with the laundry!
And apparently this Starbucks blocks irc. Lovely
oh well fuck the ops lol
Thanks for lunching w/ us after the Arts Fest, it was a great one!
its so good
We just did the tbs video on local. While Miranda blasted it from her car. It was epic. I stood in my same spot. :).
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.
and I could have gotten a haircut...
the shithawk has landed!
Nall We Been At It Boo You Was Just Ah Cover Up ASK SOME PEOPLE They Know What Was Up Just Cant Say Ahhahahahahahahhahaaha!
Hey I need to print - does the presenters lounge do that?? (I'm a presenter)
no not yet
In line for a ride. Sweating. Seems to be the theme for the day. But, Bella is having fun.
Why is Nicolet girls looking for a varsity bball coach? Just won state year before last...Corey must be on the move...\
it also reminded me of when we played have you met Ted & that 1 winner that 2 hated rodgers bc he got him kicked out a bar
Dancing with the stars is always so sexy to me ... I want to dance with somebody like that
Is thee bestt. Go follow her. Cause shess cool. Not me. So.. Follow it upp!
No press is bad press. The more attention we give him, the more coverage he gets, the more people think he represents Arizona.
Hope everyone enjoys
are you planning on entering?
Memphis ballin but they take some immature shots... Like North Divison shots
OMG boring ass day ..
This street?
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BB>
Happy Mothers Day
lol i can't help it
i have mostvof ur quotes written down in my binder!!! I'm not giving up yet soon imma have dem all!!!:)
Hey Mark, sorry we couldn't connect. Maybe next time!
I quite like , too. I just want to squeeze him.
Awesome day out and big ten championship game on, to bad I have to go to work.
So efing happy that I could sing my original song at 's show on friday!
Was absolutely AMAZING tonight!!! His performance blew me away! I love him to death! <3
Aw....little baby search engines. RT : Oh my God the Google doodle today is SO GOOD.
pictures please
Did wellwood have a shift tonight?
Done. Going to sleep. Last final of sophomore year in the morning. See y'all on the other side.
The world may never know...
Thanks, Miriam and congratulations on the pub of your article!
I no that I'm really really really good
anytime! What are brother in laws for. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
people wonder why i have a small circle of friends, maybe because everyone s flaw af and dont know what it means to be a friend
cleavage is so awesome. it's like the top of two boobs high-fiving each other.
Ditto. RT : Some snow would be rad. Just sayin.
...no...u have her brother.... ally is mine
Kris Boyd: "I really fancyd comin to America..." Love it.
#NP: Flava In Ya Ear- Craig Mack
thx for the follow, how ya like #innotech so far?
Oh yeah but it has its days is that really u in the twitter picture?
so cute! love!
I want to watch a news station that shares all of the good stories and testimonies that happen in the world to pick us up from the bad.
WHAT EVEN KINGS. WHAT.
RT : Cleaning of starts Friday! Ready 2 Rock n Roll
got your message! Would love to chat about the zoo, if y'all would like! Looks like fun in the classroom there at WCLA.
i'm loving Dave Grohl on the drums with Sir Paul!!!!
You had me at "I remember Legends of the Hidden Temple."
I dont wanna go to school T_T
Scott Jurek tells Cookie Monster he can't eat cookies all the time if he runs an ultra marathon. "Dream... shortlived," Cookie says.
RT: You can't make the right decisions all the time. But you can learn from wrong ones every time.
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVE!!!!! hope y'all have a great day laterr in the day... And drink.... Apple cider... :) classic (:
thanks for meeting w FU web advisory group. Hope u get to enjoy downtown G'ville tonight.
haha that's a good one <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Sitting at duggers playin trivia and questions are about twitter and facebook and I haveno idea
That's good..i'm good
How many times can I break till I'm shattered?
Time go by too fast lately ..slow dwn
“: THG DOESN'T HAVE A FUCKING TRIO KATNISS PEETA AND GALE DON'T DO SHIT TOGETHER STOP” Amen. You tell them.
Alcohol is magic. Removes clothes, opens legs and erases memories.
I am working. I was reading on the bus ride to the office this morning.
welcomes Michael Swartz as Fleance/Son in Voodoo Macbeth- Staged Reading
Watched for the very first time Titanic... One of the best movies I've ever seen!
Why would a publisher put a really large red sports car grille on the cover & every chapter title page of a quant book in 2012?
Is there anything worse than Mondays? Well let us help you get through this one, the best cure for the Mondays is a first rate
GoodNight Twitter
need a STAFF #ACCOUNTANT with heavy ACCOUNTS PAYABLE in Largo/ Clearwater - send resume ASAP
ok, so we are filming a food series in Tampa and we EVERYONE is talking about you guys!
Bisa is a derraggatory term used by Mexican Americans to describe mexican immigrants who havnt yet assimilated to american culture
happy mothers day :)
When boys hold u close and kiss u Cheergirl<333
is the football team having a fan day? Last year was like the first Saturday in august...haven't heard anything this year
It's very upsetting to see you go home! :(
I read Rimbaud’s Illuminations tonight. Did not connect at all. Must be missing something crucial.
Disney Studio Chief Out Over John Carter, Was It Really That Bad? Before John Carter was even released, analysts were forecasting an impe
thanks! Can't wait to put our baby boy in it!
Why use dermal fillers? They replace a gradual loss of the 3 major components of the dermis layer - collagen, elastin, and hyaluronic acid.
my wife would concur - just brought her her's :)
Anytime. Keep up the great work over there!
I wanna be naked and your sober.
Welcome to the team Lisa Adkins, and Shawn Livengood!!!!!
HEY! Want some Hot Cocoa?! First 5 People to come say "25 days 'til Christmas" will receive a FREE tall HC!! Hurry before the day's over!
Now you have the opportunity to buy nationwide event tickets just sitting back at your home - Call us now: 888-493-0004
May your life get a 5-cupcake rating ~ Chelsea Pressman (from inkBLOT : the Novel)
I have yours
By using this service, you accept our Terms of Use
Radio personality: "Having a white out snow storm on MLK Day would be great. And fitting." Really? Really. Really!
How late do you guys play on Saturday? I'm going to be in MKE on Saturday night...
RT : Miami the next Mecca for music mark my fucking words....
We would like that very much.
lol well u might need to hire an assistant
I don't know much about basketball. But have good handle on football, soccer, cycling, and baseball. More CFB than NFL...but still
Khloe Kardashian's nose job looks great!
My life was much happier when Big Bang Theory was on on Monday nights.
Oh this time I just really don't want Brooks Conrad at first base lol
Hahaha, what can I say? They love me! RT you're following the wingzza truck, too? Got all the CLT restaurants on lock.
Yes! RT : Will leftover Texas + House sauces make a good BBQ chicken pizza? Likely.
Words are powerful. Words can heal or hurt, liberate or imprison in walls of anger. You are an author. Use words mindfully to give life.
don't worry I think guys tht dance are hot ! Don't listen to THISE kids you know it's not true<3 you do wht u love <3
when is Ur next show?
It's a bright new day!
lol cute : Sophia to me this morning... "Don't you have a shower to take?" Man, am I feeling the love from my daughter. NOT! lol
A little depressed that this woman on "Hoarders" has a condemned house, yet her lawn somehow looks better than mine.
(3) trolley! greatly dissatisfied with the lack of effort. so much money has been put forth to improve the trolley station and SDMTS
It was our honor featuring you this month for our Giving Treat Charity Program ! Keep up all your good work!
Being a part of HISTORY! first ever #EDCNYC AND ILL BE THERE!
Is MLs extension still visible from the moon, or is it masked by the long grass from his nearby land?
EASY JUST FOLLOW THE RULES AN YOU'LL BE GOOD
oh no! LOL
its like a shorter version of "you already know" lol
You, sir, look like one cool dude. How did you bump into us?
Lance Nix crushes a 2 RUN HOMER and it's 4-0.
Cuddled up and ready for bed. Tomorrows a
not much, Christmas and new years was ok. What's up how was Christmas and new year
but what happened?
Why do I love the smell of my tomato plants even more than tasting the tomatoes? That smell must be bottled!
congrats! , librarian, and shorty award winner!
Gotta make plays Hans! Just get all seasons Friday Night Lights. You can't go wrong with that!
last night was the,worst night...smh ATL weather has me so sick!
...and starting your second cycle of P90X is pretty cool too. ;]
Oh my god. Oh my god. Just read about the Mo injury
It's just emotion, taking me over. Caught up in sorrow.
“: If you like a girl, tell her. If you don't like her, don't lead her on. #GuyRules #JustSayin”
I think u should still go with him, it be cool. And for the record, I'm not gay
Enjoying on the #Emmys promos and wondering when we're catching up next
Is ursher dead .... Fb says he is !
Just bought a 55inch for my room? Not sure if that was smart lol!!!
TGIF! I am going to a luau, go-cart racing, and two baseball games. What will you be doing?
- my phone like a Hotline!
go to sleep bro
Indeed. Go have a hooterriffic day, sir!
Today we are working on the business. Currently working with the healthcare community on providing the best IT support in Houston.
Instead of playing the "What am I going to have for lunch?" game just come by Wet Stone. It's a win-win for everyone! Open at 11:00am...
LAdies love me is my new summer song ;')
#demf Michael Geiger at fest and Omar S at 1515 were the BEST parts of yesterday. Writing at Avalon, then fix blown bike tube. See u soon.
Memphis on the mind
Beliebers and directioners can all get along!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME ILOVEU ANSWER!
“: New 3 rep Hang Squat Clean is 225lbs, 40lb PR! ” great work..that's a huge jump!
I'm doing the #Twooping thing too just like the coolest dude ever
I know you're like the liberal king but didn't u find Rick kinda dreamy tonight? He has a little bit of a Christ vibe lol
so jealous!
dang. What r u here for?
#CoffeeConnections - Great discussion on social media. (@ InterContinental Milwaukee
Hello how are? my life and are all with my
Its ok:) i guess ill get my chance soon...im actually really happy for everyone who got tickets:D
Teaching without electricity? Challenge accepted! Can't wait until Period 5!
good people can do so much to help you get through a too long, otherwise frustrating shoot. but thats a wrap! on my happy scenes, that is...
Just seen Wall Street 2 and for fuck sake Carey Mulligan STOP crying in every scene!
"Perhaps too much of everything is as bad as too little." Hitting' the keys w/Alter Bridge playing. It's a good day, Voodoo
Mom said no bc we are going in April 21 for the walk..
« Bet is blasting on everybody's speakers today !»
Kind of last minute but who can make Cat-Tails this Thursday night? in NYC
I exist, I really do exist!
RT : Don't think I let the day go by without another lawsuit against the Federal Gov't. One coming any minute.
PLEASE can I get a tweet?! :)
Boss ya life up
Pub Trivia tonight @ 7:30pm! Come on in and enjoy food and drink specials and have a good laugh!
You and your rumors…both get around
Realized I forgot to eat before leaving the house this morning.
haha that rules. Thanks so much! Richmond was preetttyy awesome.
favorite past time?
Proverbs 14:4 Without oxen the stables are clean. // No oxen...no crap to clean up. No problems. But, you also don't get any fields plowed.
great insight in this article
can We stay at your house after so no curfew? I have a drive early so We can Just say we dropped you off early that morning
Absolutely can't wait to see this Saturday at Seminole Hard Rock and I am excited to share our exclusive interview with him!
if you follow me, I'l run down my st. screaming . Stay Grand! Stand Grand!&If You're Not weird, you're not GRAND!+ I'd Cry.
Off to Clovis for Thanksgiving dinner. Very thankful for all my wonderful family & friends!
Using Twitterfall to chat today.
oh yay haha I thought you meant me too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
RT I Dont care How Comfortable Crocs Are, You Look Like A Dumbass..
Last chance to weigh in "we need a bucket or we need a basket" so far stats say over 40years say basket under say bucket.
-i pray for you before i get to me; smh.. now that's love to the 3rd degree..
thanks for following. Hope we can work together some day.
iM having a great day now thanks to you Dizzle.
A Cinderella Movie is one of my many favorites
The only good vibrations The Beach Boys will be getting is from a defibrillator.
Foreign Beggars were way better when they were hip hop. I can hardly listen to their dubstep records.
for what to get rid of yur wood or is it to get mornin head?? Lmao
We won't need to wait for Matt Taibbi to die to call him a douche. He proved categorically that he has no class what so ever
So...can I ask you? What do you wish you had known before IVF #1? I am nervous to start IVF.
i just want to know if jr will win today
You really think she is? C'mon?!
RT : Registration for summer sessions & the fall semester has started. Registration for summer sessions will be until 4/21 & 5/2...
“: "I had a prankish sense of humor as a kid," said Romney. "Who among us hasn't shoved a crippled kid down the stairs?"”
Happy New Year from the American Botanical Council!
oh wait, they only give options to only allow friends. that's weird.
I miss my colleagues back in Cork. NYU & UCLA great but I'm not faculty there - it's a different relationship. Miss the team.
I'm foolin with it man keep goin!
Oh my god becky, look at her butt!!
The Exit Polls in SC tell the story. It appears to be an intollerance vote against Romney by 45%.
hold on, I gotcha
Welcome to the club! We made I <3 beard shirts. As a STH your wardrobe will become all shades of blue with SKC related themes
House passes 20 percent small biz tax cut - Politico
needs some help i graduated so i might be able to help?
EXPLODING Fast & FURIOUS Scandal : WHAT did OBAMA know, and WHEN did he know it.....
Major League on HBO. There goes any plans of leaving the couch.
are you the real Austin Mahone?:)
Educating mom on crack cocaine
Im gonna think about what im gonna do and im gonna do it.
Remember this phrase "the Anacostia Mixing Bowl".You will hear it again. It's the result of transpo changes in 295, 695, MLK ave and 11th.
No one cares about Justin's birthday...
black and blue.
I'm thankful for a great day. Healthy kids, good friends. Healthy body, good food to eat. What are you thankful for today?
yeah that's why I usually don't like doing Metro Atl mcds bc most are 24/7 besides the ones deep in the hood
Life is good
lmfaooo its summer for me Willy I never get cold any way
Whoa! Hope she didn't miss this! Alexa has 3,000+ tweets!!!!!! that is all.
ya i woke up and all i said was dang he has alot to say to twitter
Hell yea bro we can do a video.ima be in town during spring break
Did Youtube remove the thumbs up/down buttons for videos? All I see is this "g +1" button. I'm using Chrome.
If I can't read your tweets while I smoke, what am I supposed to do... think about cancer?
Thank you Tammy, plus, Social Security is solvent till 2037!
O I do at times #Screamout and forget everything! :)
Bitch she don't like you. Mind ya business
WOOT! We're ready to Rondy!!
Thanks cheyenne. Just more stuff keeps happening.. Ill be fine though. Thanks!!
Video conference with India. Kind of dragging now, but it was totally worth it this morning!
don't worry. it's not a sign.
Would have to try the Magnus to know for sure. The magnet in the stand could make it quite stable, though.
I saw the movie today. I absolutely loved it!
Will you please follow me? :) I love you <3
Not doing Maker Faire this weekend. Between a MythSoc BofD meeting today and Daddy convalescing, I can't go to anything this weekend. *sigh*
Congratulations to Tyler Stenson a local Portland Musician -- his song "We Grow" is being used in the latest commercial for Chevy volt
Contrary to my "holy f**k!" reaction, it was lovely seeing you and Brooke this morning!
What are the practical uses of source version control? Rolling back installs from the present to the previous.. but beyond that?
hell yeah. I've wondered the same thing.
Watching the Vikings game!!
My mom is making me do modeling....should I?
Cool..... i soo cant wait either...
please don't fight me sir :// But I will definitely tell you how my final goes tomorrow. We get our scores back instantly ugh.
I fucking hate it when I'm cleaning my room and trying to find something I need and it never fucking shows up again.
The Coffee, Diet Coke and Granola Bar Diet™
it shows that your no longer following :(
Walnuts, currants, honey Total 0%. Ready to power through my morning chores!
It's a shame so many don't realize the difference between politics and governing.
Why am I on the computer it's -3 outside
miss y'all to April 18th flying in for Bringing u wit me.
who are your "broos"
And then I shall be old enough to drive, and I will drive anywhere needed to see the boys in concert. ;)
yeah yeah... It's 2012... WHY SOMEONE WILL NOT HAVE A TWITTER!? I don't get it. Haha
RT #ttw12 that was adorkable - this may be my new favorite word
no truer words have ever been spoken
"Music is what we need when language fails us, but we cannot remain silent." - Dr. Cornel West
I concur
Incredibly emotional game with a perfect ending! Proof #IUBB is on it's way back!
Hence the symbol?
YOU AND YOUR MEN ARE THE WORST THING TO EVER HAPPEN TO NASA!
I probably would have freaked out. lol
lmfao! florida will be the best thing that's ever happened to them. shoot.
I got all these bitches shaking in fear. Quick to talk shit yet scared to come near.
KEEP CALM AND LOVE CODY<U+2665>
If you shot a ton of pot at the sun, would it burn up and get everybody high?
These pairing seem way off base. Is this just Diageo propaganda?
Live free
Have you guys been able to resolve it? Nia has been attacking Brink for the past month from displaced aggression.
Hey! I am hoping to get a 600 follower christmas present please! I am not following til' i get to 600!
no? I'm not a poutine person. I hate it. Ruins perfectly good fries and gravy.
Working on gettin my life right and continue to keep positive people around me
yes. I'm on my way.
#Hulkdemullah.com #Reckless Recordz inc. #The S.P.K
Shins are perfect for "polishing" upcoming #12NTCProbono slides. Join me w/ at 3:30
I'm doing this for your own good. Really? That's your line?
Good design will elevate your blog. #altsummit via
No one is ugly everyone has pure beauty inside and out and that's without makeup on
i'm a big fat cow.
by the way, 2 hours into it and loving it! Thanks for the hard work!
WISH I COULD MAKE IT TO
Birthday weekend is going to be epic! Remember to leave tmrw Friday, May 4th open. Dressy attire is required. That means no flip-flops.
Damn Whitney Houston too say it aint so...
My teachers think I'm a negative person.... All I do is lack confidence.
I was listening to and I realized that you kinda sound like him(: that's a good thing because I love ed Sheehan!
I have a sandwich in the pocket oft jeans
Lots of interest in our latest projects! Come see us in booth 832.
Last up: Terry Galloway
Going HOME!!!!
I'm so happy listening to The Beatles, they're fucking great.
Good morning<U+2665>! x
Working on multiple Future Gun Films logos: where typography and laser guns collide. -JO
"welcome to the circle: Jay-Z and Nicki Minaj are #Sagittarius"
Weekly 1370 a.m. local biz gabfest @ 830. We might mention Kodak stuff maybe perhaps.
Now your just sombody that I use to know !!
hey, ! my roommate, says you should come say hi to your neighbors out on H street, if you feel so inclined
thanks <3 I'm just pumped for the amount of food in my house that will increase really.
Just came From the nastiest restaurant DENNY'S yuck
I know!! :) Cant Wait! and next NOV/DEC New cookbook too! :)
Waitin to watch the announcement but don't expect any surprises. Wish our #boysinblue much success in the
how so? curious your thoughts.
wait.... my shoe came untied!!!
Ha! Not yet. He's only in a bit part unfortunately. It's kind of funny watching Sam Raimi try to act though. Good Gory Fun
China posted its largest trade deficit of $31.5bn in at least a decade in February after imports rose 39.6% and exports rose 18.4%
A love hate relationship!!! lol
Do you think we should sell airports to airlines and Interstates to trucking companies?
I totally just saw Lance Bass!
I dont feel the joy in the air no more.
On #Pandora, how many times do I have to give the thumbs down to songs by a specific band before that band is removed from my station?
Hey , I see u on the videoboard w your cool powder blue WWI helmets & goggles!
so...didn't like the show?
thanks for featuring #DallasPinterestParty on your website!
mine is different. I get orders for Dysphagia but rarely anything speech related.
I am home now. Can barely move. Need more sleep.
did you really just call your boyfriend "daddy"
Maybe these larger agencies are losing creativity. Are did they ever have it? Too many ads being different and making no sense
oh ok well you get a pass tonite lmao
thank you. Let me know if there's info you think I should cover or ask any question if you ever have one
Remain friends forever or remain strangers to the end?
I have collected pictures of these cruel parents. We need to expose this atrocity. Just saw a kid on a leash in the airport.
O OKAY DEN
yesterday you were thisclose to changing my mind re: Pinterest, but then Lauren Conrad repinned me. Now, my life is complete.
Those rules are so outdated!
5 bucks says either Andrew or Justine sent that one in :p
Can't wait for Celtics fans to start chanting B O S.
not mine.
RT : Thanks for the mention : BPD TV - Northwest Citizens Patrol is making Baltimore safer...
I think i'm still waiting to have an actual conversation with Josh.
odds are if you're feeling say 75% better after 3 days high dose then that's fine-but I've never been prescribed that short a run
ill let you know.
interested in networing with you. Thanks
The fact that your not here, disappoints me
im gonna delete my twitter. oh wait; that requires a computer. so to the asshole who stole ours, i hope you are enjoying yourself. love, val
crossfitter ehh? My brother is Jesse from Local's Gym!
zOMG got myself out of transcon redeye middle seat and into an aisle. My stressor of the week is gone.
i have a 'go ahead try it' look..
Today at 10:00, check out The Chubby Cook on New Day Cleveland (FOX8)! We're making goat cheese pasta with arugula and cherry tomatoes-
Do You Love This Shit ?
We always put crushed hard candy in the cut out window spaces for the last stretch of baking, makes stained glass windows!
Truth. Let's hang soon!
See, the funny thing about signatures is that they are supposed to be real...
I learn something new every time I listen to Declarations CD! A very powerful tool. I cannot thank you enough!
I was born in Michoacan... Close to La Barca Jalisco....
Should be where you *do* things, not just retrieve objects.
well it worked for apple why not for facebook, i do agree its kind of like apples style but it works well
Yeah its pointless to argue. You have a great day too
Ok I'm at an event and Dr. Ruth is at the next table. Anyone have any sex questions??
I feel like I can't study without a box of Cheez-It crackers accompanying me.
So I still wasn't over the incident this morning but was going to give her a break.... until I picked Holden up and she was still grimy.
Couldn't ask for anything more...
haha yes let's do we can kidnap him n keep him in my closet <U+E402>
I look like a dying whale in that photo.
I am so grateful for music. I don't know how life could be lived without it. One of life's greatest gifts.
have so much fun at home!!!! lets get dinner when you get back :)
Your dog is ugly....yeah I want punched in the face.
Only one life, 'twill soon be past; Only what's done for Christ will last!
RT : Thank You Europe!!!!!! Australia here we come!!!!!! But first, a small detour....
Thank you for the mention. Have a great weekend. :-)
Loving baseball again!
Happy Administrative Professionals Day! If you can't live without your admin be sure to let them know today!
Great job! You have won this week's hunt!
couldn't do it anymore
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? [:
will you be in Chicago next weekend as well?
not on Monday's im sorry
Yummy bagels smelling up ma car.....
No Frontin Mann I Blow Weed, I Live My life, I live My Dreams ............ F.C.
Goinqq To Thee City 2mm<3 Got Some Serious Shopping To Do (: You Knoww Us Ladies ? ;D
I like yu too :)
Me the weirdo! Those are the hours I figure all my creepy friends are awake and trolling.
GOOD MORNING!!! EVERYONE HAVE A BLESSED DAY!
Conrad Anker, star of The Wildest Dream: Conquest of Everest opening Fri. at IMAX, on SCAN's High Bar, tonight 7:30pm.
“: At New Hope Metro with ” thanks for Joining us today!
F YOU, CONGRESS!!! 5week vaca after pulling that #debtceiling crap. you all deserve to lose your jobs!!!!
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died. Erma Bombeck
that makes me sad
ACTION is the foundational key to all success.
Ganna go see Hunger Games again tonight!
RT : Keep yr eyes peeled 4 new blog on #humanrights + #video tomo morn, + a chance to give your ideas...
Mo Williams
getting some new graphic tees and boxers?
On further reflection, #GSU is a pyrrhic victory for C, relative to their ambitions. They wanted to kill fair use for course reserves.
just finished THREE DAY TOWN by Margaret Maron - so great to see Sigrid Harald again
Yeah Philly ! Good come back
Last night... I had a dream was sitting on the roof of my house.... Singing Hannah Montana. (he was flawless) (:
is a resident artist of ours--she's good people :-) Looking forward to your show, Jenn!!
ck prahalad, stu hart= disruptive analysis of the potential markets in bottom billion when launched in 02-look at the change since!
hey angel wat up
The food channel has exciting shows for delicious and easy meals. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS Bobby Flay
is that me? Haa bad hair day! Send me me more from that night didn't we take a video?
Papa out of surgery. Things went well. Praying recovery is easy. Come on, Papa
The dentist hooked up the no2 but im still nervous
Teen Star Elle Fanning Prefers Flatforms Over Heels Once a gal loves a certain fashion piece, you bet you can catch her wearing it over a
It's 61 degrees and drizzling in DC. It's like the universe is saying "visit a museum." In which case, I recommend :)
Ok.... I take that back
guys shirts only this time. But we should plan a day to find some girls shirts/tank tops
- It's time for the propaganda to cease and desist..really!
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for 05/02/12 is Ian, Dan and Alex!
Me and started the about camp last night. Let's do it.
Thanks I really appreciate it...thats a true friend to help me like that. Thanks :]
overall, yes. Find it so annoying to hear CNN complain about time, yet they waste so much on bullshit.
Hahaha. Awesome. Can't wait to start! She really likes eating. Huge mess but worth it!
@ #disneystore in downtown disney....getting hustled by my 8 yr old
saw Bishop @ Cathedral on Ash Wed Spanish Mass & agree w/ u.
My class talkin bout calculus I'm out of this convo.
Thanks for the #FF yesterday Kyla! We'll see you in a few weeks!
enjoy! Please share any good tips with us that you might learn today :)
Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal
I think they could slow it down a tad, sometimes. I guess the vibe around #Scandal is always hyped. But, a good show.
Looking foward to horse back riding this weekend just me & my Gal off into the sunset!
make it a great Friday, Hor-Hay!
Frantically decorating, hanging artwork, moving tables, troubleshooting cocktails etc. Annual Benefit tomorrow night at 6!
dude funny lol
no I went to Ontario....
QUOTES: "Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today & make a new ending." Maria Robinson
- I rang you earlier shout me back. PS you need to follow to so I can DM
Our Nathan Myhrvold #FourPeaks 2/21/2011 noon event is now SOLD OUT. Follow on Twitter, watch the live i'view www.uwtv.org/mediaspace
Woke up early, paid bills, watched the sun rise. Now bring on the Friday !
Where should I be right now? #sundance. Le sigh.
FUCK YOU. YOU HAD THE LAST OF THE TRUST IN MY WHOLE BODY THEN LEFT FUCK YOU.
either way, had better get their cameras out pronto. I am currently renting, aka wasting money.
The only B-word you should call a girl is Beautiful. Trust me, Bitches loves that.
Goin to sleep
thanks for the follow how you doing????
I agree. Just like n many states. The schools play each other during season, but the state tny's r seperated
Do you need a poem about vaginas and sharks? if so, I now have one. Please inquire within. on Twitter, not a vagina - unless you're invited.
Service Marketing Professor kept talking about Sandwiches and made me hungry. Grilled sandwich with cheese, veggies and pudina chutney!
I'm seeking funding for my new bakery/hotel. You're gonna love staying at Breakfast in Bread.
#IfTwitterWereHighSchool stalkers would be allowed
Thinkin bout tomorrow. Nervous
Wrapped up a great shoot.. Now on our way to a Seder dinner hosted by our friends
lol! No - she is ref to someone she won't mention not in present company
hey! I'm good thanks for asking =) wby?
Never wear a backward baseball cap to an interview unless applying for the job of umpire. - Dan Zevin.
make it quick... I've got a skate session on Pluto in an hr...
where are you? I can't see you!
come over :P and u can have some ^_^
Looks very impressive... What do you have in mind?
I have never been to ALA. You would think I would go when it is within driving distance, but apparently this is not the case.
lmao that's just me
follow she WILL folow back and she is amazinnnn:P
just got back from CVS with a bag of Ambien for that occasion <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
nope, as Royals fans we just drown our sorrows no matter what the name of the drink is.
Having such a wild west moment
I think my dog might have died sleeping next to my bed.
please follow me
Just did some awkward religious writing. I want to discuss it with someone now.
Animals should never be in pain. Like what the fuck did they ever do to deserve that.
Hey thanks for the #ff. You're pretty cool yourself. For #ff:
Those awkward moment when u dont know if you are in a relationship <3
RT - CBS Sports denies rumors they are in trade talks with the Miami Dolphins for Dan Marino.
you sd tell u gd morning
Support your local musicians!
o that is gonna be a great show!
the shoots were all super emotional!
Maybe I'm easily amused but , and crack me up. Come to Punta Alley in Cbus to hang anytime
Yes. She isn't too creative.
hahaha oh goodness. that's dangerous.
Nothing at all. PayPal fees are really low, generally 5%.
Goodmorning....I'm sick..D:
Cold?? Or is it perfect running weather???
To be or to be in the moment, that is the question
Hookah & Kool Aid..That's Whats Happening At The Moment..
I think I have homework but ill play tetris instead lol
I would love a follow! x
": "Danny don't hit that speed bump or it'll be a speed DUMP!" #pooptweets "
Plows of Milwaukee, you've got some work to do. We've been spoiled with this weather without a real winter...until now.
Dashboard tonight, HTL and a million other bands I love tomorrow, Holiday Havoc on Saturday. So what if I have no money for Xmas presents!
It is! RT : "Community" is fuckin' hilarious!!!!
LMAO where would we all be without Twitter?!
this shit is crazy lol. I can handle the old ladies grabbin me but this shit was scary hahaa
F#ck a stuck up b!tch ill stick a sparkler in her clit
Sometimes not saying anything to your team in a timeout says more than a loud outburst - do the unexpected.
Yeah that's uncalled for...if she was a real G, she'd a done that with her full priced appetizers.
Kind of feel like I should have Twinkies and Dublin Dr Peppers for dinner.
thank you for that YouTube video on stuff you don't do. I now know I am not the only one stuck sometimes. You are amazing!
hey would also look good with Vinny too! Vin and mikey perfect! ur really pretty
“: I hope that J.K. Rowling's new "Adult Book" is secretly about "Harry Potter - The Grown Up Years"” YES
#FollowFriday - Useful & fun info for filmmakers, screenwriters, actors and TV/movie lovers.
Do you guys see how excited he is?<3 THIS IS WHAT WE LOVE TO SEE be HAPPY FOR HIM
...cont...Chkn breast kabob pita + feta, sautd onion & pepprcnis & topped w some beef gyros meat..only thing missing is a name for it =)
Made it to Atl, pregaming with and our boy and friends before we go out to Cosmo Lava to celebrate his birthday
I gotcha..... Wats up? Hope all is well with you...
Hey, so make sure you wake me up at 5:45 am cause I wanna get in a early bike ride in! I'm depending on you! :)
Who's ready for the weekend?
I already know, regardless if you tell me or not.
I looked at iPiccy over the weekend. Got immediately confused and went into OmniGraffle for what I needed. :-)
Another question from the Innovation Leaders Forum: How important is a clear definition of innovation within an organization?
Today is the 30th anniversary of the 1982 World's Fair in #Knoxville. It's sad there isn't a big celebration in #World's
Thanks Geraldo Rivera. Lesson learned, when you send your kids out for tea and skittles, don't forget the three piece suit.
Thanks guys. Hope to see ya in town soon.
Please, keep tweeting about your ap exams. Your tweets really convey the utter disgust you have about an exam you chose to take/pay for.
well what did u say???
It's a stupid and terrible idea.
On Doctors Radio yesterday they discussd importance of checking that ur physician is board certified in the specialty they practice.So true!
in the words of Ben Franklin "That shit cray"
Enjoy it while it lasts, Mr. Mayor.
REALLY long in-law conversation. Call tomorrow.
I've had my second cup of coffee, so now you might actually get to meet the *human* version of me. :-)
I was *just* thinking that myself....wow
I'd love to collaborate as well :)
Oh my jesus, people.
Hi Baz, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
Did U work, go 2 school & get the biggest possible #EducationCreditdeduction on ur #taxes this year? Let #TaxAssurances do a free review...
NEWSFLASH! A clean car makes for a happier person that drives it! Just Saying...
Steve the Rooster is fine btw. Spoiled, but fine.
So envious of all the Maine Law students at the Barrister's Ball right now. Has it really been two years? So crazy.
Can't believe my 2 favorite artists and met!! That's fucking awesome
OMFG I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE. I can't even spell beautiful anymore without saying "b-e-a-uTIFUL" omfg
I did only a six miler this morning and had to leave for work. I'm off at 630 so hopefully still some light out
Tan guys >
Watching Airplane! with my dad.... Classic DeVere-esque....
ooh! crowdsourcing! Put me down as voting for "Darth Vader Disney Princess."
Just had the best Chicken Caesar salad (from CPK at the Phoenix airport) that I've had in the last 5 years.
Nu no I need a little bit more!
“The word 'OK' looks like a stick person when you tilt your head to the left.”
goodmorning to you too!
thanks. I should say I'm not anti-iPhoto. I just use a pc.
where are you seeing them?
story of my life.
love how the lighting is balanced in your studio shots and the intensity of colors you've used to add ambience, beautiful
As one whom his mother comforteth, so will I comfort you; and ye shall be comforted in Jerusalem. Isaiah 66:13 Christian rehab offers hope
I luv u more n' more than I did be4
#MrWonderful is about to smash
ikr people fucking post stuff from draw something that they can't get also. Pisses me off.
out for a late night pickup due to an emergency call. A dudes computer keeps restarting - non stop. #24/7
PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY.
Love must be learned, and learned again and again; there is no end to it. Hate need's no instruction, but wait's only to be provoked.
thank you for having me on set today. It was a very enjoyable shoot! Hope to be on the show again sometime!
im mad at you in the insides .
At continental club on main st.
Cool...i look for people who are tweeting about this...we're building some sort of credibility platform
Thanks for the re-tweet!
RT re "econ lit…posits immortality as a modeling assumption" // not to mention positing immorality or amorality…
If the pacers lose the next game they should start another brawl. Ha
Cyber monday, AKA should start reading up on chapter 13 bankruptcy
hey guys, we love the site!
Russ, : "Twitter will be one of the most influential B2B marketing tools"
On my way to #Foxstudio to shoot an episode of
it must be those kids. Gotta love them.
haha you still can't tweet correctly... shameful. Hate your face too! Actually.. I just hate you :)
You know you have the bestest friends out there when you can breath awkwardly into the phone telling them goodnight then start singing:P
talkin' to my grand daughter ! Grannie LOVES youu, Hannah ! c:
If this country is still confused where West Virginia is located, they better check the endzones!#WVU :) its a great day 2b a mountaineer <3
Looking forward to your #spring #golf vacation recommendations in the Highlands!
Let's move the chains on this drive..
Starting work at 7 am is horrible. Especially when you don't fall asleep until after 1am
A minute you spend with jealousy, you've wasted a moment of your time hating yourself.
Went bowling and ate at dennys with daddy and shaen :) then bought some NEEDED clothes! Lol, great day:)
I can tell :)
I'm so funny that no one retweets me because they're dying on the floor. okay i actually need to do french. bye.
Get ready for our newest night: Tasty Tuesdays hosted by D. "Majic" Leakes and music by DJ FDS!
YES!!!! Nats will be Wild Card contenders this year. That is, unless Philly totally chokes and we lead NL East.
Papas burgers for lunch (: one word....WINGS!(:
You could say things 'got backed up'
She doesn't have any friends who don't look just like her?
Mama's serving up some hot falafel until 9:30 p.m. stop by for a healthy, late night snack/dinner.
Good luck to all #USFFW students as Final Exam Week begins. You'll do a great job!
we want on the warped tour! #gettpwarped forrrrreal it'd be a dope show
The moderator, kicks it off with this Q: What have we learned from the Great Indy Neighborhood Initiative?
Which I've been told is a precursor to anaphylaxis, so I really want to solve the puzzle. Now allergic to most antibiotics/painkillers
Super peeps
#LowerNorthForkFire: 180 homes still evacuated. 45% containment. Fire crews working for more ahead of Saturday's windy forecast.
I love the pittsford more than anything in #ROC but ppl drive like crazies in that parking lot
wow first time I ever caught yer tweets live. You come here often
doing great despite hip injuries from a fall!!! How are you and hope you having a great day!!
AWESOME! RT If you missed our big news yesterday, THIS IS OURS World Premieres in LA first week of June!
Looking forward to a #ChewonThis with the during their retreat. Topics of conversation: civility and rivalry. Follow along!
I'm come to see you and Un'hunded Proof. Looking forward to spraining my ankle on the ladder.
lol idk much about you or what grade or how old you are......
If you want I'll send you all a print
what's the prize?
I warn you all the time about him but you won't listen.
Good Morning Guise!
what are you talking about ? Lol I haven't eaten anything unhealthy and we can still workout today lol
I don't get on IM anymore just message or text me!
This day has been just one great thing after the next, and it's not over yet!
#np "Play the Guitar" - B.O.B. feat. Andre 3000
Hi It was nice to finally meet you! I will have to attend another of your meetings. It was fun.
Tune in 's #ThePaulyDProject tonight 2 hear 2 more new songs from #SettleForGreatnessEP by prod by via
OKC-Denver would have been hot zpacho.
I have this strange addiction. I have to follow everyone who follows me xD
Good Morning Farmers...come in & get BOGO 1/2 off on all edibles! And don't forget to pick up our strain of the day; Super Silver Berry!
Peyton's throwback Thursday picture. its so cute. i cant even<21
I really need to see U2 perform All I Want is You on their next tour.
#Sundays are great days to test new makeup looks! Let us help you with #JaneIreland makeup
9 days and counting...
You just got back from tequila in Mexico and you already want another drink?! Crazy girl. haha Hope it was a blast!
Basketball : Blake Griffin :: Baseball : Bryce Harper. I can't be the first to suggest that.
If he can't respect you-He Simply don't deserve you. #IKnowThat'sRight
Never going on facebook again until takes that creepy pic from insedious off my wall.. #scaredtweet someone help...
#RIPZachary - You'll never be forgotten.
Ah I gotcha. Don't worry, we'll take good care of him!
j cole graduated from st johns
oh, thanks so much! :)
you sound like my wife. it was no days of heaven (greatest movie ever made), but i'd still love to see it again.
don't kid yourself. he is looking at products for himself too! :-)
what u know about #Biggie?? Lol.. happy birthday ;)
Waiting on news of 3 alarm fire in Salem. 3 people died. Police investigating. No names, no cause of fire, no cause of death. Stay tuned...
Break a leg tomorrow! "A pair of star-cross'd lovers take their life" (Romeo&Juliet) Tickets on sale for 4/14 & 4/21
- Huge TY 4 the mention of our 2010 Celebration of Hope Gala on 10/22! Send u final stats after event ;)
I'm great! Why are you just alright?
Talk to at least one intelligent person per day. Or talk like one intelligent person at least once a day.
your a bum. Haha Nah I'm good my mom is on her way and im gonna be leaving at 245.
Replaying it at 5:20pm on Am620. Police commission endorsed Walker, so Barrett feels singled out for his missed attendance.
Mosely needs to retire now!!!!
I realized that I like hombres.pero these days is normal, I like the abs I love seeing them, is very cute<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
soo i won a free piercing from The Mad Tatterz Tattoo and i have no idea what to get
Going to have another strong card today in American Sports and more Soccer,get all plays for today for $100 email
RT : How do you know a politician is Tweeting? Their aides fingers are moving.
The rain held off long enough to plant the back garden on the upper east side today with lots of Boxwood and Cherry Laurel. Spring is here!
Twitter makes me happy. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Thanks ! MT Awesome organizations:
You're right, Kathryn. Need to get Lloyd into the stream.
thanks for following. Hope to see you at one of our events soon
The rest of the time?
": The Giants’ 8 home opponents will be: Cowboys, Eagles, Redskins, Saints, Buccaneers, Packers, Browns and Steelers. #NYG"
Gotta say, driving in Dallas is not a pleasant experience.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Dr. Fresh Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Depends on the timing, but prob not (if that's ok?)--feeling kind of swamped. But I'll drop by and we'll talk!
When the sand is a bazillion degrees and ur digging around with ur feet trying to find the cool sand
who told yall that lie?
trip to vegas this april, trip to disney this may? what more could a girl ask for?
“: Up until now, all sticker-snipping and envelope-stuffing has been me and Eben in the evenings" can we help?
Depth Chart on ESPN brought back old memories of playing in front of Hog Nation. Nothing like it!
good bro i'm glad to hear.
don't forget about our awesome high five.
"is this an earthquake?!!" "yeah! let's run!" "hold on... *runs to the computer and writes on twitter*.... EARTHQUAAAKKKEEE!!"
what inspired that?
Sittin on a bus with German foreign Exchange students and they are constantly playing songs! Girl your so #international!
lol. For the lipstick.
I'd make that deal for the right things.
It's nights like these that I'll never forget. <3
Hmm just got home
sweet! No pref. Although, I discovered Under Armour makes Tottenham's gear so, I may let the Baltimore connection rule.
when in rome. @ the buffet at the Aria hotel in Vegas
Coyotes yip along the western canal. A hound in the distance howls back with his wolf voice & wants to go wild with them. My dog is silent.
it's 8 pm.. There wouldnt be sun anyways :p
so true <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
Since when did Monday become my favorite day?
FYC students presenting their Chicago AD campaigns. Much better than anything the convention and tourism bureau has thought up.
Okay, in honor of Adam Yauch, aka MCA, I'mma drop my follow Fridays in rhyme...
Many of kids I've worked with are good and decent people. Don't sell our future short. They care about the world that awaits them.
Thank you for the shoutout's today!
No. They don't serve that at Kung Pao on Ventura Blvd.
It is so gorgeous here!
“ S/o to my soon to be producer . Follow her asap !” Aye
Taking on some tours for the new year, Who needs shows ladies and gentlemen ?!
gotta go hard this time around
Thank god for wifi<U+E057>
not able to make it?
thx for the find/follow on Twitter Missi!! :) I tend to be a little more exciting on here...enjoy the show! ;)
No wonder your people aren't performing, folks: they have no investment in the company, have too much expected of them, and aren't trained.
for food you most def have to stop by The Original in Oakland best fries in Pittsburgh, either there or Pramanti Brothers Downtown
Getting ready to see #RedTails....theater is PACKED!!! TAKE THAT HOLLYWOOD!
Barbosa gets called for travel. He disagrees and proceeds to demonstrate a pivot foot for the refs. I like that guy.
Spent some time at the range and now wife and I are going out for dinner. Relaxing Sunday
I didn't know they were a secret. Is the new #cosmo?
Tony Campana needs to play every day.
You expelled, but you got perfect attendance #wowthatscrazy whea they do that at?!
happy easter to you too(:
Im da problem around here
We don't have the ingredients. And if I remember the migraines, sinus attacks, and bloating, I satisfy myself with voyeurism.
RIP Whitney Houston
It's time to take down the Nashville Christmas "scene". It's so much easier to put em up than take em down. Blah.
Someone please tweet me !!! In class and I'm board !!!
Freaking kids. Stupid kids man. D-TRIX. MARRY ME SEXY.
Im bored af < lets do somthing
Lol. Have you seen 's latest twitpic? Check it out. RT : But I really *am* influential in zombies and bacon. :P
Now, where dat fuck did dey get dem faces from, I want 1
That makes me a happy girl!RT: Dinner on the NorthSide at Nora Target 5pm-7pm is
Hello Twitterverse! Have a great, talented friend looking for a sports editorial gig in San Diego - LMK if anyone's looking.
im ready to curl up in a ball & die
I thought of you as I read that sentence!
Doing great! We've been doing lots of upgrades, so it's hectic, but we've got more on the horizon. :) You?
"I'd buy (more) Toot Away if ______." fill in the blank for us. Be funny if you like, but we really want your thoughts. Enjoy. thanks.
you got it!
Super tired
This could be exciting....
We played beast today :D
I NEED SOMEBODY TO LOVE
What do you think about the half time show?
. Vote for jobs, schools, and small businesses—vote for the American Jobs Act.
I got a good feelin'!
I don't feel like doing my math homework ;-;
Celebrating our move to the new Dynamintz Studios. New videos coming soon!
People been texting me all week saying that I am #Fake, sometimes I just don't be feeling like being bothered. That's all!
Ugh! soo humid today!!
I have too much energy at this time of the night.
Don't be a Scrooge: Recycle Electronics, Christmas Lights with eLoop - Business Wire (press release) Don 't be a Scrooge: Recycle Electro
RT : revisiting chocolate for a day! , , &others so sweet on social media. i wrote about...
got a laptop for christmas (: desktop days are ova !
its especially bad when they say that ur bias is who they like least -_-
"Stare. It is the way to educate your eye, and more. Stare, pry, listen, and eavesdrop. Die knowing something. You are not here long."
4 weeks till Nashville, 8 weeks til Milwaukee, 9 weeks til Green bay, Minnesota and (hopefully) San Diego!! CMON summer!
K&M also handles rentals! Call us at 212.523.0954 or email
I bought a new cat last night :) her name is mittens. Shes the cutest thing ever!!! ;D
Roman is hustling.
Been there a couple times, it was hit or miss - going back one last time before reviewing.
by the way. Was strolling my TL and U said ur Boobs r Huge 2day?? They Always Look Huge to me! Just sayin
@ I know, so cool! How are you enjoying it?
lol. Yea I think they are super dope and kinda cute :$
Yes! but I plan on getting really fucking drunk....
There is no day or night,time does not exist when u are in love with your project music,songs.Just the miracle of creation celebrates.
looking for Prezi inspiration!!!
don't judge me against the almighty but please judge me against the alternatives of the circumstances of this world.
bahahahahahaha dude I gotta meet an greet an maybe beat with you! Lmao
Damn...busy af! School, Play with , choreographing a dance for me and . This will be like this till Friday D:
That is one creepy hallway. Do you live in a David Fincher movie?
Let us know if you have any questions about Vizcayne in Downtown Miami!
I miss you too Kinny! I haven't been writing much lately. Singing karaoke and working.
yeah, it's fine. But what if he/she is not saying it directly to you? That's bad right?
LMAO love u too
guess whos going to prom with me... jkkkk
"A scone is just a biscuit pretending to be a muffin."
Thanks to Prelinger Library for sponsorship of #THATCamp Bay Area! Plus and to have something special for us!
I just know how to do it. I'm really bad w/directions.
I wonder how long after graduation it will kick in for people to think,"Wow does my future look fucking terrible"
Today in Literary History: On March 1, 1914 (some argue March 1, 1913) Ralph Ellison was born in Oklahoma.
If you ain't got an ass wear a poncho
We should never be afraid to admit when we are wrong. It is not a sign of weakness, but shows character and responsibility.
": Bitch was #TeamOKC last night now she say she #TeamHeat" these chicks just going with the flow..
Baby Make That Ass Clap !
": who can name this song & finish the lyrics? "I'd sooner sleep by an open fire and..." ...wake up fried. // "Clean"
I am excited about the JSA coming back this year.
I think I'll strengthen your rule by not reading them until 1pm Chicago time, just to make sure they're not being read anywhere
When 1dies others step up to fill the hole. ;)
So glad football is back!!
don't every look at Lefty like that.
well Rosie it did not get picked up. How are u?
I swear, if Facebook changes their layout one more time, I’m going to post a status update about it and then use their site as much as alway
Today I submitted a final paper, my PhD letter, 2 conference proposals, and copied my spring syllabus & first essay prompt.
Made some rice & it's too spicy.
Table broke. Got 63,700. 54 left. Half of us will cash. #WPTHardRock New table with Curt Kohlberg and fkscreennames
Let's go !
watching spongebod with my nephew ;-)
Matt would of been good but taken out to soon.
this nigga used all the clams beats i used! lol
Did just follow me?!?!OMG im like freaking out right now!!!Thanks Tim=)
You know you're a dork when u hear sirens and think of the doppler effect
My point was simply that the two situations are not the same.
if mathai goes home on #thevoice i'll be so mad D:
Good article, though I wouldn't call myself a novice :-). I've held several leadership positions.
No officer, i'm not drunk. I just have sporadic bulimia.
I wonder if they take credit or debit for the #saa77 on-site registration...?
yes, I always want to do one that smudges but I'm not that advanced
it sure is HOT outside... but cool inside the studio... great day for a tattoo :)
team has no respect from anyone.
Pork roll PIZZA FRIES!
MAKE HIM WEAR IT AGAIN! :D
will your music be released heRe in America to? :)
HHS Stresses IT in Plan To Curb Health Care-Related Infections via
Cool, see you there! CC:
I have to keep my life busy so that I couldn't be sad and depressed about you. This is not what I planned to happen in my life.
OH MY GOD! I don't judge him for running off stage. Shit, I would have been in car by then!
Thanks and thanks for the opportunity!
LAUNCH!! Introducing SmashTagConcepts.com!! Now we don't have to sell out of our cars anymore! :-) W00T!
hahah okie I will & i know that now, my phone wouldnt let me see it thou, soz love
is tonight. Have you purchased your tickets yet? Who's going?
At my second home... #LGA airport.
u were my favorite adult actress when I was in college & u are still amazing looking!
Spoilers for what? (btw, love the avatar)
that is really funny, man.
I'm excited for work today.
cool let us know if you&#39;re coming through tel aviv this summer. we&#39;ll be b&#39;aretz for another five months
Me too, forget planning stuff and never do anything the same way twice!
Such a true assessment... though I am unsure of why that is the case though.
#49ersLockerRoomPlaylist The Game - Wouldn't Get Far
ctfu amen! RT : #sotellmewhy you think I should text you first all the time , the phone works both ways not one .
Yeah I really need to raise my BAC! :)
Met Bill Willingham and told him he was one of my favorite writers. He asked what other writers I liked. Smirked when I said Warren Ellis.
Thanks to everyone who attended Ari's talk this afternoon. What did you think? Tweet us your comments & questions.
Umm Tom Hardy as Mad Max! Yep, I'm down.
What do you call a stupid skeleton? Bonehead.
"When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door" – Alexander Graham Bell
nice kid keep it up
This. Is. Horrifying.
MORE DOWN SERVERS
hey lady! I used to tweet often but just haven't been feeling it lately..lol. Did your mom tell you about the cruise?
Basketball fans should check out Some good sports commentary.
I dont care about bad reviews. I Follow my heart.
WTF no egg or bacon! I'm out of the running.
Four hours on the road, six hours left. Central Illinois = 120 miles of blah in every direction.
what are the odds Sano and Rosario are still in Beloit around June 16th when I will be there?
BORN BY MYSELF DIE BY MYSELF ''FUCK YALL NIGGAS''
did anyone get that fefe song? i like it .. .some of it reminds me of bob airplanes and also ftsk's hip hop chick??
Hope to "see" you there!
I haven't had my cell phone all day. I don't feel as weird as I thought I would.
hey love
I will assume that they know what they're doing...
how were you offline for 3 days?? I can't seem to manage that at all!
if you build it, they will come. Or at least start emailing me like crazy. Thanks for all of your work, it's a game changer.
Yooooo----Move Over is HOT! GREAT BEATS! I'm still listenin.
Fotch, I hope you're on your way there!! I would be if I was you.
team #post in the house
#InstantTurnOn if they have blue eyes<333
Learning is more than obtaining knowledge it is appropriating what we understand.
" Being fearless isn't being 100% not afraid, its being terrified but you jump anyway" <3 -Taylor Swift.
Your body is what makes you sexy. Your smile is what makes makes you pretty. But your personality is what makes you beautiful.
You remember a large package faintly playing Bebop inside? I forgot how bad US to Canada taxes are so you sent it back.
Thanks everyone for hanging around for #TheSwitchEnergyProject movie! Energy issues will be increasingly more important
omg, i can't wait till i get my license.
lol no they have nothing to worry about
Have both #Purdue and #IndianaUniveristy ever lost a home game on the same night before? I'd be surprised if they have...
Yes! Then you shall have it!
LOve the video at the end! That's exactly what it's like! Still better than metro. I carpool so the commute isn't too bad
its dumping outside up here at Copper Mountain right NOW! Keep the snow dance going!
Freedmen w/unpaid taxes were resold into slavery (and other facts): Historian/author Adam Goldhart on NPR's Fresh Air show today.
Watch out NY! I'm coming to take over with a little help from cuz he's been running you for a minute. Who gon' check me boo?!
Come on, Skinny Love <U+2665>
I won't be in today. Use your work time well
Important airplane ride to take in the morning. I bought my ticket the old fashioned way - through a travel agent.
yo..thx for the follow ... How ya been?
3 of the 4 games today went into OT. Gotta love playoff hockey!
An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
Sunday Funday! What is everyone doing?
RT : WiMAX making US resurgence thanks to new MVNOs and now Sprint's prepaid brands. Device vendors have some decisions to...
Purnell is going nuts.
"Steve Jobs is the Jerry Brown of IT."
aw so yhu got a concert well dats cute and am i invited sweetheart hehe uhmmm meh jst jaming and r u working or wat x
I run a local website that is all about drinking culture, and some specific stuff for the 916. I'd like some more local stories.
Did you make a second video blog this week?
Hot dance moves at a party of upper class white kids at an Asian place on h street.
#NFLPA Exit Symposium: includes education on post-football financial strategies, preparing for a second career,
is the most inspiring people alive. for that i love you and for that i wish 1 day u could meet all of ur #1 fans 1 on 1.
Scrape and then use Goo Gone.
“: yes mam!!!” the Guys an I will be there
speaking of oscar nominated docs, #Gasland is a must see!
Much appreciated, yeah he's fantastic and seems like a really good person, uh, in person
Thanks for the follow! Love what you're doing!
thanks! Appreciate it. Great to be here.
Agreed. And, unfortunately, we're still waiting for most sponsors to move beyond the cage with activation...
as long as she wasn't texting and drinking milk! ;p
Lesson learned at #mcn2010, if you don't participate in social media you risk being defined by others.
lol how am I functioning right now
Looking for flights to NYC that will be later than my son's program on his last day of school. Murphy's law that 2 things will collide!
As long as they keep the cookies and milk coming, I'll be fine.
I'm crying now.
#Grizzlies force game 7, #Nuggets win game 7, #Braves win tonight, Pujols hits a HR
im running:)
Thanks for playing Paul Epstein's "Three Sonnets" on Sunday! Wonderful music from a great composer
I need a full time driver & masseur
Chris Matthews on Jeopardy? I CAN BARELY CONTAIN MY EXCITEMENT.
I never tweet anymore. :(
start to finish, that album is amazing
Updates made to my Chad Nelson
Happy birthday, Joe!!
Greg Baldwin: Our model for innovation was , not United Way.
Kobe Bryant has just passed Shaquille O'Neal for 5th place on the NBA's all time scoring list! Congrats Mr Jellybean! :D
I miss you little brother!
Smooth head again!
We have a lot of kids who don't know what works means. They think work is a four-letter word. ~ Hillary Clinton
Tumbled natural stone tile seems to be hot right now, we can make your bathroom look amazing! Contact us at oklahomahomerepair.com
You are the Malone to my Stockton.
Tomorrow is free Tuesday! Be sure to see Skulls, the new exhibition on Level 3. Where drawing on the walls is allowed, encouraged even!
I have great idea... You can think of new band name... Our band is rock band.. and you need to write new name of a band.. :) In retweet :D
Jammies are always acceptable, bring swim suite and desire to drink red wine in the hot tub later. LOL
Haven't been at Menchies in forever :(
“: RT : Just saw drinking a redbull - $100!> haha! O it feels good to win” It wasn't on purpose!
What a sweet offer!!! I do have new site plans in the works. Hoping to roll out July.
i agree with what gallo said. we are a small market team playing a team with a superstar. you're crazy to think the calls will be 50/50.
It looks like the family will come with me now.
Huge win. Need to split the series tomorrow.
SENIOR CLASS SECRETARY :')
Go Giants!!!
What? Now I gotta buy candy for 37 students? Ha! Ok, ok.
hoow?! I said happy 1 year and 1 day :)
Lol RT : U need to smooth slide into mine boo..lol RT Karma: Fuck! I can't win with some of the people in my life Smh i give up
“: RT : Can't we just eat pizza and make out ????” Sounds like a great night!
Really looking forward to getting to know more #SMCA folks and working with the Board. Thanks!
Time to start work on the R3D complete workflow guide for Avid. Using some steadicam MX/zeiss super speed 4K footage. Onelite w/RCX.
Not doing so great at my #newyearsresolution2012. Finally installed TweetDeck, we'll see if that helps.
I know I'm so happy ! ! ! & I can't wait to see y'all in a few weeks !
My history teacher thinks I have a 45 year old boyfriend. #whichidont that's older than my parents
Political doublespeak? I don't know the details, but these bridges have planned lifespans.
NOBODY answer calls after prom!
Yeah luckily twitter sent me a msg to change my password. All good now.
Burn. another grant written, another check off the list.
. launch new book. Extreme Trust: Honesty as Competitive Advantage.
I remind myself of the positives, to distract myself from how crap it is.
Now that's just sound advice.
RT : Sick of these jeffrey campbell high heels that every girl in the world are wearing and walking like chicken heads.
The man has some sunshine back in his life
Man WHAT dey coming out to no limit beat lol dat beat dope doe u tryin kill it ?
Very well played! RT : Pick up Craig Monroe. Tell him that's all he gets to do.
The foundation of #scrapbooking is paper, and today our selections are expanding yearly with more exciting papers from around the globe
hi guys i'm doing a webshow! - lauren
yeah, rather keep my peeps informed tho and maybe you'll expedite your removal process
I only need 48 more followers till I announce who I saw for my first concert! It's pretty funny! Let's make it happen.
Work was horrible. Just wanna sleep
all great choices!
Tina Fey, CZJ, Parker Posey? No?
Austin brought me jimmy johns. Forget the charms. I'm eating a sub
You Don't Have to Spend a Fortune! « officeenet
“ Happy birthday again, are you back in the dirty d” Thanks again!!!!!! & im omw now
Congrats on the new gig. Hope you will still be on Gabfest!
niggas b scamn on twitter for followers... do this and follow this lame and will get you 500+ followers... ctfu
I believe in the #Knicks , let's goo
She's tookin to many dicks it was only a matter of time before she got prego!
Be content w/ what u have; rejoice in the way things are. When u realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to u. - Lao-Tzu
I have bad trust issues but I refuse to let another pay for what a sorry excuse of a human being did to me. Everyone is not the same.
School sucks massive dick!
Zombies. They never announce it over the PA.
DM i'm sorry, had practice been getting home late.
Other than taking some paperwork down the street to another board member today, I'm stuck at home until the dryer repair guy gets here. Ick.
There is smoke in the air of our Eberwhite neighborhood. Smells like wood.
on that hipster shit, and you's a hipster, bitch
my peace :( so if it really is gone I think it maybe easy to find a replacement!
Yea. Where is halfway
manning to denver :) so i guess denver will be the team ill support with the colts :) hope it go good
argh. i should have done it, too.
I want an actuall relationship.
Fuck it !, don't worry! Yu ain't gotta worry bout getting a txt from me
It was. Typo.
it's called looking at my timeline isn't the point of your tweeting for people to read them?
My version of a perfect person is a person who does nothing. For if one works lives and tries they'll make mistakes and that makes success.
#Canes vs #BostonCollege, take two.
Im actualy taking a day off to relax and enjoy this beautiful day.
Bout to leave to collect bags for the
If the Heat play the Cs w/o Bosh who do you have and in how many games?
RT : Breaking: Protests have erupted in #Tehran, let us see the role of social networking this time around.
A scoresheet to evaluate different LMSs?
how does your dreaming about chuletas and pineapples reveal your insecurities? is it your inner fat girl?
Which oomf would like to text or talk?
RT : The weather is awesome this morning. Enjoy it!
Thanks for the support Terry! Shine responsibly!
Big road win there Bucky!
dear silent realms, i hate you please go die.
My favorite spot in Columbia Heights.
#FF No one wears hats better than this guy. Eitanwearshats.tumblr.com
Workout and then pool time with now time for some laundry
I think the vitriol in this campaign against will be much worse than in 2008 or from the tea party or the birther crap.
This is awkward lol
He's the bottom of the $5 DVD bin at Wallymiz
thank you Elton!!
LOL. I did NOT see this. I may have been in search of beer when this happened.
:) Now you need an article on: two, to, and too.
I just added "Newhouse" to my email dictionary. At the same time, I added "YouTube" and "LinkedIn"
excellent choice!
RT : Digital Marketing Agency, Social Media, Mobile Marketing, Web 3.0, SEO, PPC, Reputation, Video Internet Marketing is...
- an awesome day! Thanks. We loved watching the rays get fed and seeing the dolphins. Great lunch in the cafe too!
Sometimes Walmart really pulls through...area rug for $10? Easter candy? Random gun section? Yes please! Shopping w/
: my man. Were you on stage at that point? "President of the Nick Lachey Fan Club" Ha! Whatta night.
"Fare il malocchio a qualcuno." - To give someone the evil eye (in Italian!)
Players, please note that registration for the LAS VEGAS Showcase is CLOSED! You can no longer register for that event. Thanks!
i want to go to a zoo
That's certainly the case in the UK.
what a betch
if I'm gonna hit a traffic jam, well it better be a tractor man.
Whenever I actually manage to locate and remove an eye irritant (eyelash of course), I feel so accomplished
Jewish proverb: "do not confine your children to your learning, for they were born in another era"
Of course my battery would die because my retarted butt forgot to turn off the lights
LOVE THIS. RT : #PMA Checkin' in and never checkin' out! Smiles on, focus sharp, Love Loud!
It's definitely up there for me as well. I'm really curious about the movie now!
": In honor of Cinco de Mayo if anyone sees me in person today I will be speaking nothing but good old Spanish!" lol sucha dork!
Congratulations on your successful Kickstarter campaign!
Actors & journalists have much in common. You never say you can't _do_ something or that you don't _know_ something. Of course, I can golf.
I am ready to get of here. This shit is crazy Boring
So glad Dare to Be had such an awesome start last night. You inspire me!
Spring Break has officially begun!!!
Hmm I'm not sure. I haven't followed that race
Hey, Im from #Memphis!
the jaws that bite, the fins that scratch?
Im amazed at how uncool i am.
The Aerdnamaharg Dynamic Mic. I want one!
!! She good though RT : From Raven city and you come to Pittsburgh smh
I'm sure we could change that ... It's never too late!
I won't call this regret, but somehow I knew that, at some point, I was going to get smacked for not taking Trusts & Estates in L-school.
Holy shit!! Great Britain just invited ME to visit this summer!!
what are ur rates?
2012 is going to be hot. Tons of new gigs announced soon and lots of fun stuff in the mix....onward and upward!
#Metro Center is Ficelle day!!!
he three up a 3 as well
Good luck today! I'm sure your event will be a success!
Interesting that your reason was for a mission -- not necessarily tied to creating artistic opps for yourself
Give me a minute...
I'm thinking Turabian...
oh you know how haters are nowadays! :P haha! and awwwuh! well you're welcome! <3
That's beautiful, it's so boring here in the city!
and I 'love' the ones where they ask if I know anyone that is a fit. Yes I do, and NO I wont tell you who
I have been trying to look for u guys
Three weeks to finish my thesis paper. Another week to defend it. Five weeks til the semester is done, six til graduation. I got this.
Using TED Talks in FYW courses should be discouraged IMO.
haha otherwise I wouldnt want anyone to see me. :)
Crazy snooks! U should have seen outdoor fields + media room under water today.. Took out conference call line.. "Thanks Shard!"
"An ounce of mother is worth a pound of clergy." ~Spanish Proverb
Starting 2 get the hint... Hum.. Nxt clue please
Give me a pen and paper... and leave me alone. ;)
All a nigga want is pussy all i want is someone who like me for me n not my body
Give American citizens the right to vote on the things that will change their lives drastically. Majority wins!
Trainers: webex, adobe connect, gotomeeting.. what do you like the best, and why?
Content marketing is like sex in high school #DF11 so true
My oomf is NOT him darlin it's the boy I like -.- damn tweet watchers
Thank goodness for a charismatic music director - tech issues on stage for #turandot and ballpark simulcast
I Need More Money
I'm a blonde currently masquerading as a redhead but I prefer my #brew Brunette. Love your Doublebock.
Is it bad that I'm jealous of my cat and dog because they are more interested in playing and cuddling with each other than with me?
Good Morning to Mizzu <U+270C>
Patrick's awesome - tell him we send our love! I've got your ticket!
who did the Dolphins get with those two picks? Anyone of note?
Chillin at steak n shake with the fam
Holy jesus #BlackHawks!!!!, stop by for a drink or 2 or 3 after this crazy game!
...the bar was too crowded for me tonight. I need quiet time. Working on a Plan B. I haven't eaten since breakfast.
Happy 6th Birthday Davinci Virtual! I love you!
STiLL SMiLiNG!
politos and bemos. You were at point after? PS-
Really need to get my twitter game together lol
I gotta say, this postseason has rekindled my love of NBA hoops. Haven't been this interested since Brian Winters was knocking down 3s.
As we said after the concert: The behind-the-royal device is the main reason for this magnificent performance!
Nigga be a man...u actin like a bitch
A QueremosNegriniconda A
And girls wonder why they get treated like that? Get to steppin!!
IT'S ALL STARTS WITH ONE DESIRE... www.sofiafellini.com
Thanks Reed. I will keep you in mind if I have a client looking for some good art for their home. Happy Holidays!
Brazilian Federal Court is voting today on Affirmative Action program PLEASE RT: I support Affirmative Action in Brazil
My legs are short and it makes me sad.
In the words of , I'm feeling rather "accomplishy" today. And on a Friday to boot! Wonders never cease.
Polanco said he's sore. Doesn't know if he can play today. Maybe Luna gets first start tonight
me too. night!
oh, of multicultural studies?
Good night!!
Have fun at the photo shoot today! Can't wait to see the pics! Love y'all!
my sister told me that you get mad when i dont tweet you goodnight so goodnight boobear! :) xx ~23days<3x~
Having a moment I'm thankful for the many blessings that I have recently received I will not wasted them.$alute my folks!
Lucroy/Kottaras are as good of a 1-2 punch at the catcher position as there is.
Hakuna Matata part of the Lion King just came on & instantly reminded me of the conversation I had w/ a couple weeks ago haha
Thanks for the follow! I'm a fan! You make it easier to be stuck behind slow drivers on a Monday morning!
It was pride that changed angels into devils; it is humility that makes men as angels. -St. Augustine
wow... going to nature is what i have to do. if i see another lifeless hunk of plastic and metal.... this is really inspirational
glad you agree! We need to reunite my friend.
lmao yup I was weak lmao
RT if your praying for the Innocent people who died on 9/11 #911tribute :'(
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf. -Walter Lippman
Breaking news: Every broke band with a dead member will tour with a hologram this summer. More details to come.
promo me(:
Join us for Storytime on January 25th at 10:30am at German Branch, River Park Branch, and LaSalle Branch Libraries.
Lets do this! #GoDbacks!
Grace happens in spite of something; it happens in spite of separateness and alienation
I am new to Twitter thanks to Fans follow me and I will follow you.
Up all night sleep all day
YES I am now legally allowed to drive between the hours of 5am and 11pm with a licensed adult over the age of 21!
I'm really happy for the #Colts, no team deserves to be 0-16...
Ha been awhile. But yeah movie is a bit cruel and unusual
The journey begins. IU bound. Little 5
Cheeseburger in paradise, hopefully it's good never been here before
I love narwals... the underwater unicorn... lolz
I'll post to this effect, but my concern is that posts like this don't get to the folks who exhibit the most egregious behavior
His grip. His grace. His glory. SO glad it's Friday! \o/
Busy past week: 3 interviews & 1 phone HR screen. The most amazing part: I used my iron THREE times! New Record!
A new year is God's way of saying "No matter where u have been or whatever u have been through u can always start fresh" my God is so good<3
#RoughSex: a Hair-pulling, Hand-cuffing, Neck-choking, Lip-biting, Ass-smacking experience .(;"
I like Charlie and Lola. Super cute
RIP Jonathan Frid, the original Barnabus Collins from Dark Shadows.
When I see ppl talk shit about when other ppl 'Type Like This' it makes me mad because my homie does and he's cool so fuck u
should I go biking or rollerblading? or tanning lol
you are an amazing teacher! My sister does Zumba in Chicago, and she told me you're way, way better. Thanks for everything!
But in love, you gotta act like a woman but think like a man<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Target and Urban Outfitters have tons of colored jeans.
I tried to put Hinds
I finished Friday night lights... I don't really know what to do now... Really sad. Who ever cancelled is an idiot.
Haa well thanks :)
well take my advice and change it lol
So is it rude to finish a movie without the person you started it with?
Brad Paisley coming May 19th, reserve now their going quick!!! 317-578-1200
you're juance, twice, three times a lady. and i love you.
alright alright alright
funny how people delete pictures that will get them introuble........
I'll take "should I reject you more" for $100 bob. Thanks!
You here to finish me off, sweetheart?
Voting ended at midnight EST, and Chris will leadoff Monday's game... “: I vote for D... 2B Johnny Durham”
Just to clarify, I did not travel to Chicago for this Happy Hour. I wish I did. But, alas, I did not.
Hawks are too much of a perimeter team to be effective in the playoffs...
Because you picked up, I know he's not around
Bush cabinet centrality only partially supports the hypotheses. Gee, starting to feel like I am writing a paper in short shrads. Enough!
my parents called me a liar.... I looked them in the eyes and said: "santa, easter bunny, tooth f airy" and walked away like a boss.
thinks tired and busy just don't go together!
Responded to FIRE @ 6 North Ave, Lawrence, NY 11559. Red Cross auto update.
“: morning how is the tour going my loves? I miss you guys!!” great! Heading to Nashville tonight!
: RT : Look up Emily Jenkins Followill (has a facebook fan page and website). Tell her Chuck Cain referred U
meeting cancelled tonight- see you next week!
What's the most bizarre Conference food you've ever eaten? I can't promise anything strange but lunch is served in the Expo Hall!
what's up big daddy how's that #footlong hanging? I bet all the girls love you!
Nice to "meet" you!
Oh no! Sorry, Bloom (and everything!) RT : Don't forget about He...
Switch hon, switch!!
And I still support you no matter what!
Oh He got some pretty eyez dont he gworl? (In my strag voice)
Did you know? You can also pay your NY, KS and AL state taxes at www.payNYtax.com, www.payKStax.com and www.payALtax.com.
Yeah...I got my eye on it. He put it back down in the *exact* same place I grabbed it from.
I love you!
follow us! Keep up the great work!
heyy did u know Justin b new song santa is coming town
Must see flick(a): WAR HORSE. I had low expectations, thought it'd be a cheesy movie. WOW! Go see-thx me later!
can't wait
if you had balls, people would ask "how's it hanging?"so in that case shut up and cook.
both manchester teams are out...haha
that sucks
I be trippin on my lil boo thang but thats just cause im feelin him to the maxx
Huffington Post wins first Pulitzer Prize
. This has been a long-range trend. Took awhile for data to let economists fully tell the story
No lie ya hurr
Absolutely right. In another world this could be a 5-star talk on project mgmt or corp communications
We're doing some work on the servers. You may experience some technical difficulties. We'll let you know as soon as we're back up.
ur back already? U won't be seein me today :/
Of course he does, but its made of fire and brimstone
Please keep me informed, very concerned for her and you! Praying all this will heal soon!
If I were at all straight, I would have felt extremely creepy @'ing you.
oh sounds tummy!
I miss tweetin a lot haven't really had the time for it. !
Have you voted yet? We can and will make this Senate Republican with your vote. Make sure to vote #GOP TODAY!
Thanks Jodi! I'm glad you like it!
RT : Q4. execution is key! if you have an idea that's good likely there are other teams working on it too
I'm so getting wasted this weekend. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
That's right! Forgot that Pittsburgh was Romero's hometown. Time for some Night of the Living Dead and race presentations!!!!
I am so ready! Got my game face on!
God Put Us Together...So We Are Both #Blessed Very Much So
Andy and I are starting to worry.
The funny moment 2c somebody face wen they dont log out n u update they stat 2sum bullshyt n they finally log on 2 c they notifications lmao
would be great to see change mgmnt taught at NU - glad to see students are pushing for this. good luck.
It's kind of like a slot machine where you win every time.
i followed(:
Thanks for the official approval!! haha RT u can wear leggings all u want :) lol
nice, we made five or six offers before having one accepted. We'll have to get together for some east county beers soon
i am officially moved in, and very excited to be here! Looking forward to a great summer.
my best friends r engaged n are so happy n in Love it's cute. But hve go to nther state 2 get married. Wrong! <3
And Blaine Gabbert's finally going to get someone to throw to.
7 calls at 2am later...a great long chat with Always the tipsy friend I can vicariously live thru. Now to get back to sleep...
and ballet. blergh.
;; I officially hate walking .
G. Silverman: books of dead readers particularly meaningful for 19th c; contain traces of the mental activity of the dead
#NowWatching Deadliest Catch. :D
Editing countinues with our first book soon to be adapted into video game!! Brainstorming almost complete for the second storyline and book!
WHats good world?
One of the top things I really like in a guy is someone who is very outgoing and has alot of
how pissed is Favre right now? I'm sure he was pulling hard for V Jackson
love it!!
“: . Work hard, stay focused and understand that nothing worth achieving comes easy. H&H”
Cost of individual coverage expected to drop by 66% in NY thanks to having a health insurance exchange. #happyfreelancers #aca h/t
did you get the full 3 min in?
- would love to know what you thought of your report!
RT : Love happens when you're ready to share with another human being. Prayer happens when you're ready to share with God: Osho
Or every week
do you ever get annoyed by our stupid questions?
you can do it Caroline! The power of positive thinking!
. says that banning is not the right action. Other precautions must be taken.
The concept "Hitler" is not a horseperson, though, as we non-Adornians clearly espouse.
We are coming to Ireland Feb 24 & 25 I am playing the Belfast songwriters festival...be sure and be there!
#Nuggets lose to the refs.. Err... #Clippers 104-98
Happy Monday!! The mall is open regular hours today - 10AM-9PM. Department store and restaurant hours may vary. Thank you!
Just because it didn't last forever doesn't mean it wasn't worth it.
Steve Jobs just took over the world. Get used to it.
okaay:) gonna check u out on youtube!
A quick-tempered man does foolish things, and a crafty man is hated. -Proverbs 14:17
Work ethic know no limits!
Welcome to Midtown #Detroit .! You have a history of impacting #RealEstate prices in urban areas... Thank you.
8 i like that infinity sign.
"Dr. Erickson...gets athletes (& non-athletes, I'm sure) healed & back out there in amazingly little time." -- Blake M. - Newport Beach, CA
Oh, Mr. Barnes, how can I love your museum so much and want to throttle you at the same time??
Many kids from the library now reading #richdadpoordad. Go middle school financial literacy!
me & my mama talk just alike.
hoping that the 10,000+ #TeachForAmerica attendees at #TFA20 in DC this weekend will drown out the awful noise of CPAC.
RT Exercise And The Benefits To Older Skin RATE_LIMIT_EXCEEDED
7. Not much overlap between #Sibos and #MLA12 attendees. Maybe there should be.
hate it when i'm forced to only sing in my head because it's late and everyone's sleeping :(
here for only a bit. I NEED to buy #putyourheartsup how amazing is it? ahh <3
Em's verse in Love You is boss even though its slow there's just something about it
my straightener doesnt turn on anymore & i didnt even finish my hair #fuckingpissed !!!!
Don't let anyone tell you your done. . When u built shit together. .... female or male
Shrek in Economics (:
Exceptionalism tends to minimize the quotidian nature of the stories we hear abt. Re:violence and stories there about.
On plane... back to la!!!
I can digg it! Haha All I need is a hat white sock, & a microphone! Billie Jean comes on and I turn in non dancing MJ lol!
Robert Larkin drew the one-word dare "STRIKE!", submitted by "Casey" for the next
Let me what you need. Will gladly help :-)
I asked her nicely to put someone else on cuz I couldn't understand her. She kept yapping, I snapped
Imma start saying shit like ya'll on here... Who got sumn on my mortgage? Lbns (laughing but not serious) lmao
I went to the game last night but maybe I'll duck out to the rooftop for lunch... ;) Good to see you too!
Both! I usually have it cold though. This week my project is a batch of homemade bagels! You?
say bro
Excellent--will hope to run into you here!
lacrosse men s alpha mule
I see a new one.
It's great to be here. Back where I belong.
im cool with it
I miss you too, I hope can enter on twitter again <3
At least one of us is thinking ahead! Thx for doing that. I'm in for Mex.
It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day-to-day basis. Margaret Bonnano
yeah except it's IN your name lol
great event in chicago. was nice to meet you. drug a friend along who enjoyed it as well.
I want to tweet a bunch of Kari Jobe's lyrics since I can't sing them because she has such a high pitch voice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
#libmade Q2: "If you're gonna make stuff in libraries, where's a good place to start? What age groups?"
i hate follow limit! like let me follow whoever i want ... there should be no limit ...
I love Especially eminem song lighters featuring Bruno! <3 #AlliWannaSeeIsaSkyFullLighters ! :)
Sophia Grace and Rosie=CUTEST LITTLE KIDS EVER!
Fleeing north for the night to avoid the adult swim block party.
Actually Hamas has also killed a LOT of Muslim Civilians. They are willing to kill anyone who does not support them
Aim at the stars, but keep your feet on the ground.
aha , lols . Bet , he at school tho .
The place to be tomorrow night is Gruene Hall!! Playing w/ the full band from 7-11pm. Then the Rhymes & Vines Fest in Stephenville on Sat!
stop distracting me with such awesomeness, can't you see i'm trying to work!?!
#SubwayFitChat What are some exercises someone can do that has a busted knee??? Possibly while sitting ;)
Increase the quality AND save $$ on your next CD/DVD or custom t-shirt project!
Really bad taste in really loud music. Also hippie drumming at 2 AM. Grrr.
Fuck LOVE #CHURCH!
25yr old WI mother of two dead from a heart attack. pray for the friends and family
SPOILER ALERT: Everyone gets eaten on the #WalkingDead, except T-Dog, who gets a spinoff - but he doesn't have lines in that show either.
Indiana Jones broke down and we were able to walk through the ride :D
Americans United for Life Action commend David for being a leader in the fight to protect the unborn.
As long as the Cubs go at least 2-160, with that 2nd win of the season being my visit to Wrigley on May 5th, I'll be a happy camper.
Just finish hooping...
New Lakers record: second straight postseason in which a Lakers player has taken his jersey off en route to the locker room like a tough guy
Thanks, I just might! :-)
Last track meet tuesday :( sad about that.
I USUALLY ENJOY THE OCCASIONAL pretzel. You're welcome.
the country music television.
And it's now been cancelled.
SPF With a twist...add some pomegranate extract(found @ health food stores) to your sunscreen to enhance the protective properties by 25%!!
Taking showers and sleeping should never be done alone.
I keep telling all my friends I want gummy worms for my birthday <U+263A>
time!! Get out and enjoy this beautiful weather on #Monroe with #MarshallStreet & more!
All late with the news
hear that. Good night's sleep = remembered lines... :)
Listening to Peaches while having peaches for breakfast with Elle.
For some reason, I really want to be my cousin. He's just good people who radiates charm and positive energy.
no your branding...you only have a small link at the bottom of the page
I know the feeling boo! (BIG HUG)--RT : seems like no one is there for ME when I really need em!!!
Good luck #wellesley #students as you wrap up #finals this weekend! And don't forget- Clapp & Science are open 10am-12am Fri-Sun!
know what MLP is am I right?
I need your help
Hi there Ramones Fan Club Japan!!!!
Just about to hit the 4-hour mark on #coasset hearing.
My birthday is tomarrow wish me a good one *1dayy<3*
#brusselsprouts can be loved by the help of one word...
thanks but at a gig!
couldn't they just pay the bills and put the rest away for a rainy day fund for situations like now?
work it girls!!!
See you Sunday, Miller Park
that too ah
is also our Teammate of the Year! I didn't get a vote, but if I did Lisa would get my vote.
I'm not too worried about a misstep on the "Who Shot JR?" date. Now, if it was "Who Shot JFK?"...
you didn't text me back!
His all giving him a lecture about god (':
of course. Him and hopefully his guy that was over smiles
you should book first THEN do the rest :D
Red White and Blue means freedom....Until they're flashing behind you
what's it called? I thought you were a mind reader??
Woke in in the morning took a knee and thanked The man took pee and washed my hands and get back to the money
Thanks - We're enjoying the process!
Well, dang it, call me...
Tanning warms my soul <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
nope, pls send me link.
Uruguay vs Ghana was the most intense match of this World Cup. Ghana missed the penalty though, not much you can do about it.... :[
you know i'm right, and shut it joseph.
Americans are a race of convicts and ought to be thankful for anything we allow them short of hanging.
oh yay! thank you :)
I just don't like that kind of stuff.
Nice chat with biz students; looking forward to the outcomes of their case study on GP. I know I'm biased, but these kids are bright
Inappropriate. I like that. I'm in. The places I offered up are venues for readings and such used by Columbia faculty.
And we are back in the office. Making things. Drinking coffee. Happy New Year, folks. Make 2012 eventful and incredible.
Home free!
Driving by that little league field brings back memories
happy to hear from you! ironically, i will be in Budapest next week. i hope things are well. where are you living now?
who cares. Im a poor child.
#IfWomenDidNotExist, would be out of a job.
I'm not running for office, Ted, nor do I proclaim objectivity.
There are no small parts! And so many ways for skills to be put to use. That's excellent!
So please stop wright like I'm gone and I'm ignoring you and everything is horribale bc I'm not in your life
Hey good morning(:
What??!! I just can't lose my treasured personal DM from !!!!??
Thanks!! I've been on a bit of a hiatus and should start back soon.
"Drinkin and dreamin" with Loser's finest
Is this est?? Thanks!
I like this start for #TheLakeShow way to get the BIGs going.
AWESOME & LOVE IT!
You're welcome! I went on a rayon-buying binge when I heard the news, too. They're too amazing not to!
I LOVE this app...I've searched and searched for something this simple. Great job!
Congrats on being drafted into the NFL! Good luck, Big Daddy!
I gotta get me one of those... that's awesome.
Hey Happy Birthday to us today! :)
The measure of a man's real character is what he would do if he knew he would never be found out.-- Thomas Babington Macaulay
is so cool, i just signed up!
intriguing I'll look into this thanks bro
my thoughts exactly. snapped.
rt Trust God w the lives of those close 2 you.If u begin 2 worry of their outcome,roll the care over to Him. He's well capable.
At my campground, eating yummy food and having internet withdrawals :p <-Kelsey xoxo>
Flying to Atlanta in the morning :)
RT : [BTFS NOVEL] Check out a few recent reviews of Brock & Bodie Thoene's novel of Beyond the Farthest Star and look... http:…
5656: Girl you are G O R G E O U S. <3 Tweet me more!(:
get off work, log on Twitter and notice my best friend doesn't have a naked picture as his avi no more. #SoProud <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
stop talking like tht kiddo u knw ur mom is with you were ever u go
Chocolate is the best motivator there is! Anyone who doesn't get it done will be banned from my chocolate bowl for a week!
just watched it. Yikes and nice work.
lend me ah plain white shirt er whaa ? :O
video shoot may 26
Thanks for the kind RT Walt :-)
5 more hours of work until i go to vegas... can.not.wait.
Hong Kong shares to open up 0.5 pct
Yeah rides through the zoo are awesome:-)
OMG! Just say the trailer for Sparkle Whitney Houston sounds so beautiful singing! I can't wait to see it in the Theaters! =D
if you loved me for a night ill turn into a day
lol @ the phoenix announcers. "JJ must have some game" talking about his wife.
Yes INDEED! Aloha, Grace and Peace to you... Its been a pleasure.
If my mother wanted something for mothers day, she should have done a better job raising me.
Even though we hate to hear the truth we sometimes need it.
come back to Indiana <3
Join us for #rpcvchat on Friday's to meet others in Peace Corps community!
semiconductor encyclopedia
I’ve read the last page of the Bible. It’s all going to turn out all right-Billy Graham
you're not a jinx baby ;) lol
Congratulations Roy Helu, Alex Henery, Dejon Gomes, Niles Paul, Keith Williams & Eric Haag - 7 Great Huskers drafted to the NFL today.
Dude who threw me under the bus today at work got called out for it by the big boss. Ha! Karma be a bitch yo!
I love RJA but their vocalist is so bad live. Like really bad. He can't hit notes at all.
I've been a Mahomie since April Fools Day (April 1st) but I was following him since the beginning of the year.
Absolutely! We are three! MT Glad to find you on Twitter. We are looking fwd to our Nat'l Conf in Oct @ your place
FiveOneTwo Co (512co) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
unfortunatelying I had to leave my love achan in ohio but duty calls baybay. This weekend youll be in nc
no homo doe lol
I am glad I have u
Haha, just think how I felt last month in March when we got up to 90 in the Chicago area.
Teaching the gospel to the next generation thru storytelling
Want to find out about other pub crawls? Follow
“: You put shirtless pictures on Facebook? You must get all the bitches.” hahaha
Eating Thai noodles on my rooftop! NYC
I'm so so so so so so so so so so happy it's summer
I feel both statements are true. Don't kick up dust about every little thing but don't let people think they can disrespect you.
Were definitely gonna get married that's not the problem...its just not technically official
Hi, my idol #forever please follow me., ok? <3
"Buffett Tax" would generate only $4.7 B/year on $1.3 TRILLION deficit! Meanwhile BO has NO PLAN to cut spending. Loves redistribution.
At #johnniewalker tasting
your sister keeps wearing your hat!
Why sumtimes it feel like god only helping the people who don't need any help...
i see your true colours shinning through.
We are walking advertisments, get paid for having a logo on your clothes, nigga get paid for advertising those jordans you have on
windy! do u not live here anymore?
we'll save the future together, this family's forever.
At what point in a young Canadian's life does he receive his license to practice regret professionally?
Asking everyone to please say a prayer for all of the people suffering in Haiti. Consider a donation to the Red Cross or another charity...
Tax #wonk Don Williamson is our latest "person in the know" ... read his profile & take his challenge at americanwonks.com
Knowing that CFA brings out stars during fight night, who would you like to see at the show?
Life begins when you get out of the grandstand into the game. -P. L. Debevoise
It's late and I'm drinking in the hotel bar, so it's ok to misspell 'promiscuous'
(there is no way for her not to miss the realistic nips) And I miss you equally!
and are gonna be hanging outt!! LOL
Hello Janine Don
Time to make the biscuits..,,
Awesome! I remember the 3/4 - 2/4 - 4/4. also listening to that one in St A's teen center w/ some normandy folks! ;)
This game is a ton of fun to follow on the radio. Wish I was there to cheer him on!
Things that are more important than homework: Checking my email.
You leave me here wondering if I'll ever know, How much you care, or how much you don't. <3
Follow - great things coming ()
I'm a Belieber and #TEAMMINDLESS but I wouldn't get that even close about talking my baby princeton!
“: I Jus need things to do nd someone to see. I know no one down There”I could show you round
Waiting for a follow back from u is like waiting for a shirtless pic of !! Follow back?? Yes..no man I tried :'(
Thinking about hitting up the celebrity ALL STAR GAME this weekend:)
At my partners anniversity Aloha party. Enjoying myself
Let's go #Bruins!
It only takes a hand to hold another to accomplish great things! YaYDREAM!
Tannehill's girl is about to be trending on Twitter
seriously the best sight to see. You ever see the opening scene in the movie Love Actually? That airport scene rocks, too.
storm is playing havoc with our satellite tv...sure hope it's working at 9 for 48 Hrs Mystery! wish tonight was our show...waiting is hell!
Thinking more about supper bowls, honestly. And spoons.
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Cole Dykstra for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the Boys 18U Team
She was thinking. She just thought the wrong thought.
Tomorrow Oomfs Is Gonna Get It In ! Lol
So Unit 13 for the PS Vita was a very good, but very frustrating game. I have defeated it and hoping that gamefly sends me Max Payne
At carmax wiff my mommy.. Someone buy me a bmw or mercedes..please
Congratulations to my dear brother on getting registered for marriage. God bless u Bro!
stfu lets not talk about yours lmao
what in the world are you tlkn bout?!
Carrot boy is back nigga!
Hardest part of PP paper: Freaking application of Information.
#whatwillgagawear Recycled fallen tree branches and sea foam?
What snakes are good at sums ? Adders !
Congratulations! :) That's amazing! I'm so proud of ! Can't wait to see y'all again if you come back to Chicago!
You can erase someone from your mind, getting them out of your heart is another story..
Celtics driving? Rebounding Playing inside game? THEY REALLY CAN DO IT.
SUMMER JAM #PITTSBURGH IS BACK | JULY 21, 2012 | TICKETS GO ON SALE JUNE 1 VIA TICKETMASTER!!! TELL YOUR FRIENDS!
Hey Cliff. Sorry I just got this. dont tweet too often. I do have a new number
hey can u tell her at least about me and see what she says plz???
re: China tour - you book it, we'll be there. First-class flights, Limos & 5-star hotels must be part of deal :)
News 4 Cooks Taco Salad with Pork Carnitas – msnbccom- gillette fusion blades
sounds wonderful. Someone I live with needs to share his ipad... Maybe when he's at work I'll download that app Mawhaha
Because we saved $150 on electric this month ( makes predictions like an U.S. economist) we can buy smart routing for our
Check us out! www.blockstarsonline.com!!!!
Want a Hot Toddy? Come to We are having one. Don't forget Packer game on Sunday features A free taco bar.
Community Impact Artist presented by Herman Pennamon ! he has been on more stages than most performers
WHY IS THIS SO HARD TO REMEMBER: "There is no ‘you’… there is only Life disguised as everything"
what the #hell does that mean?!
No, I'm not tired or lazy.
79 percent of our students matched in Ohio.
The lady at Sonic just said "Awesome possum."
please say its not giffelte fish from a jar!!!
whats the name of the Amy ice cream flavor made for 5by5?
- and all tested positive for cocaine residue.
oh shit... The general is going to kill her again!
Bass vs. Strasburg. Should be interesting.
Wearing my Bieber shirt today! Happy Birthday ! :)
Want some applicable life instruction: read the book of James. Every time I read it I get more from it...usually conviction.
Now on-stage | Skylight Opera's The Rivals! The Rivals runs through October 2nd at the Broadway Theatre Center. Call 414-291-7800.
Only if you're schizophrenic
Wierd people are normally cool.. its strange people u gotta watch out for.. lol
You want a follow-back? Then follow she follows back if u ask!
with orange juice.
Thank you sis. Also I would love to work with you setting up speaking engagements to bring awareness to the movement thats building.
I was at the library...need a replay desperately
no need to talk like that Christian. Nina will kick your ass and then cut off our dick.
#Lin and #Cruz took NYC by storm out of nowhere, that's why you got to love sports and rooting for underdogs. I blame
;) RT “: #MentionTo your friend who wanna marry ”
thanks for supporting nonprofits and listing our events in the PhxBizJournal!
And I hate how my mom won't take me to see her
Finishing the weekend with red wine and dark chocolate.
So crazy in this thing i call love
Thank you :)
I love how it says "consider", even though it's going to force you in a week anyway.
lmfaooooooo ok ok ok
awesome tip! RT : Add a transcript of your video says
so who you going with? Haha
I don't think there's any such thing as too many Hey Girl tumblrs. No. Such. Thing.
Chris Murray State must be destroyed.
then you are officially endorsing more years of crap.thanks
OK, time to fire up the medflight chariot.
take a 5Hour energy or energy drink.. Cuz ik u dnt like coffee:P
your new hair is too cute ^_^
my #octoberwish is to get straight A's again so my daddy will buy me another new puppy!!
oh... Well I can handle that I guess.
soo happy my mom loved her mothers day gift:))
which kinda fruit are you? ;)
I met a family last year that really influenced my belief on the same sex marriage issue. We are all people and deserve Civil Rights
I wish I lived the life of Rob Dyrdek.
#IDoNotUnderstand Quantum physics. But that doesn't make it any less awesome!
Mane a nigga jus now waking up..
LOVE the journal. Working with material from it *right now*.
Dear , Thank you for coming to Milwaukee's ! Last night's show was wonderful!!
The people I work with have a level of stupidity SO HIGH it makes me wonder how they've managed to make it this far.
I have a scheduled maintenance tomorrow at Land Rover, I'm dreading it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Pancakes for breakfast !!
Spiked Punch vs. I'd Hit That showdown tonight. The names are just a few of the of many reasons I <U+2665>
I think I got a contact high off the light rail ride.
Thanks for comin' in and spending time with us!
Wooh, Christmas is expensive! But no worries, as my friend Plies reminds me, "I got plenty money!"
Was super blessed to pray with this man today for God to break some curses off his life... Only through the Power of Jesus!!!
Tonight should be fun.
Snow tomorrow, Boston? Well, I called it for 4/1, so I was close, if not quite right. Still. There goes my tentative plans for morning run.
Rocking out to Veruca Salt's "Volcano Girls"... once a rock chick, always a rock chick...
pal texts me, "Lol. U sound like comic book guy from Simpsons! Xo!" HA. i need to put that on my DJ resume.
The Green Economy&Its Implementation in China has just sold out on Amazon! Can't wait for restocking? Order it on www.enrichprofessional.com
haha fine I guess I won't....
That goal aside, it is mind-boggling why the #pens will not shoot at the puck at every opportunity on this guy.
For touching the relic in order to benefit from its power RT Each of these 16th c. Reliquary busts...
when will you be returning to Chicago or Milwaukee?
Looking for recent grads in the DC area with light legal experience for an IP Docketing/Administrative position, this is an indefinite temp…
of course Rahm is livid. Think the Cubs are going to get any sort of financial help now?
Glory Road is my all time favorite movie. Would love to go back in time and been able to see them really play.
i'm in love with netflix <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Can't decide whether to renew my tickets...
feel better praying for you!
ah yeah ah yeah yeaaahh all I care abouts my girl and the city that she's from!
. Arc diagrams demonstrate contacts and frequency
Did you win?
RT : If u smokin in ur Avi, there's no way in hell ur job is something outside of fast food services
If elected Obama and Romney will do nothing but increase our national deficit and keep taking personal liberties from Americans.
A2. I see need for visioning, what is possible, what's working, what's not working. eg. 4SQ interesting: is it "working"?
good luck! :D
I just wanna have some fun an get a lil wild!
yeah sometimes, not a bunch though, i got commitments now, you know?? lol
There is a basketball hoop and a nerf gun in my office
RT : You can't be "just friends" with someone you're madly in love with.
try green tea during the day, makes u fall right asleep whenever ur ready
Bitch al that black spray!
20% of March Madness Traffic Comes From Smartphones, Tablets [STUDY]
p.s. does it count if I spelled it wrong!? LOL
#Android marketers rejoice. Android Market is passing referrers again, thereby providing an increasingly reliable way to track app promos!
there is a bank robbery in kensington at the chase bank
lol I wish!
I've often thought that too. The birds flying away at the end are pretty lame too.
Lots of home games for men's and women's basketball teams in the next few weeks. Come help the Hoos have happy holidays at JPJ.
*leaning over and covertly shouting in 's ear* Who is that?
done with what? Insulting you? Why? I'm so good at it!
The weather is killer right now WOW huh!!!
Because no guy wants a depressed girl with scars & social anxiety. Right?
you see the titties on that bitch
Happy Birthday!
I sent you email #RenterTrouble regarding #ExtensiveWaterDamage via Illegal TOILET NoValve ( email from enigma4ever08)
Bitch want he on brother dick talk about
Much love for Rob Turner - a Jet of 5 yrs. Picked up by Rams. 1st OL in at all 5 spots. All heart, no glory. He will be missed
and Greg Dickinson had a great time playing for Donald Wheelock today in preparation for the concert at Smith College this Friday.
Well to sum it up. He is a creep and was about to get busted and is trying to run from it.
Doing research for Text You for Teens - WOW they have so much adversity in their lives...hug a teen and tell them you are there for them!
wish you were here, too, Calvin
At #Jam2011 in reg line at hotel Computer problems Go figure
lets hope the boys can pull off another one tomorrow
Can't wait to see how the Ogilvy Notes guy handles the Occupy protest from this talk.
Man! I love ! #wine #food #rva If u come to in Sep, try to come early or stay late an enjoy this great place.
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw children should be protected from the shrapnel of an exploding marriage.
i could care less why you hate me or dont like me, i never did anything to you so your just wasting your time hating me.
this sunday?
I'm in! No idea why my run tweeted over here, though...
Good morning friends, have a blessed and prosperous day!
lol i really did go to bed... but it wasn't cause u said so... lol ;-P
Just when you think it is safe to go back in the water....
rode this one across France, so I'll let it go for $100,000.00.
RT : No way. It's Pi Day AND Albert Einstein's birthday?!? They should just designate today as International Math Geek Day!
Haha. Lebron says no sir! It will be a cold day in hell when u dunk on Lebron
Just saw #myweekwithmarilyn - impressive performances and insight into Marilyn's life. Such a brilliant and sweet, but sad person.
RT : Great Story on Today! Denver is the #1 large city in the US for real estate recovery. There's plenty of......
new modern family
Hmm, I may be an introvert.
My best friend is seriously my entertainment
- just went to your website. Are you available for interviews?
IKR I was crying on the bus and on the way home but I kinda got over it :(((
And yet they would cut safety nets to the victims of the recession while keeping historically low tax rates on the wealthy
The road of life can only reveal itself as it is traveled; each turn in the road reveals a surprise. Man's future is hidden.
hm don't know
get lost comin home last night kid?? Im Fuggin
follow before she commits!13
we'll notify the winners by email no later than Monday. Thanks for asking!
Vermont cultured butter equals crazy delicious.
Grammy beauty winners so far: John Legend's fiancé's major pony, the nude lips + defined eyes combos and Jessie J's insane metallic dress.
They Loving The Crew
Forget #aaronsbowtie what kind of watch is wearing? #timemachine?
"...the consumer Internet part of Silicon Valley — has become an unbearable echo chamber of self-righteous, self-aggrandizing poseurs."
I've run out of things to do on the internet
4PM will be in Madison tomorrow. Where should we hit-up for a good Sunday Funday?
I figured this would happen sooner or later. Charlie Sheen loses custody of his kids. all are enjoying the fiasco but, he needs help soon..
The trees, the leaves on the ground, the wind..everything moves around you - including yourself - since the universe is expanding.
www.risenmagazine.com: Speech of Arrested Development found something worth rapping about and The Hunchback of Notre Dame revisited
Duty = shitty day --staying at this hotass hospital and not seeing my boy..........oohuckingrah -____-
hypocrites abound.
Yaaaaay! Now you HAVE to come see me... ;-) LOL!
Save your heart for someone that's worth dying for don't give it away torn apart never getting what you've been crying for.
Just started working with them a couple months ago! Do you?
thanks for saying nice things about me to Peace, I mean Hope you had fun in Clintonville!
Watchin #TheWood on till I k.o
#YOLO is used too much.Find a new motto.I mean seriously, thats enough Yolo for a freakin day.SAY SOMETHING NEW FOR ONCE! t__(-_-)__/
Q: What's the definition of macho? A: Jogging home from your own vasectomy.
lmbo um i don't think so
Fair enough.
find your way onto yet?
Here We Go!!!
Apollo 18 delayed for nine months? The trailer wasn't exactly promising, but holy shit, it must be an epic disaster.
check out our buds and !
you will do fine :]
Come on #Brewers, let's win this thing already. I missed Colbert already.
Like branches on a tree, our lives may grow in different directions yet our roots remain as one. Author Unknown
But yes, the dinner and company with and co were terrific. I should not have had the late espresso.
Much obliged!
This is a career. As such there are many factors that play into it. What aspect specifically would you like more info about
no worries, I've got two accounts so it can be confusing lol
Don't trip stop subtweeting about me
bitch i'm the shit, bit-bitch i'm the shit! repeat it to yo bitch, tell yo bitch i'm the shit !
our spring twitter contest is still going, but not for long! tweet us how yoga has helped you #spring back! winner gets free tee!
I feel what you're saying about the weather. It is pouring here.
who said that? I bet I know exactly who it was
I plan to come and record the curtain sounds tomorrow morning
Hoping to win one of the iPads!!
i love the song teenage dream. ITS SO CUTE. i hate to admit but i kind of want that careful i just love u feel.
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
How better to start off Poetry Month than with?
Between 3 ridiculous dogs in the house and the craziness that is #westallis I'm finding it hard to get homework done.
#nowplaying the drums - forever and ever
I just followed ya too!
oh dear. You can either let it die in peace, or look up "possum resue." every major metro area has rescue types.
What if I'm already banned without playing a single game. :O
Sweet swing from Braun
Your job is done!
I say thank you when a boy holds the door open for me.
#itsfunnyHow you swear up nd down you not cheating own me nd you is lol
Hope your weekend was great! RT : my pleasure have a fab weekend :-D xx
looks like the joke's on you.
Music, coffee, a To Do list, and a cute outfit to start the week keeps me motivated.
ah everyones asleep.. I think im the only one awake.#yee ... Wat you doin?
going well! I'm almost out of copies actually,luckily the tour is winding down...
Is there some kind of record for "most naps taken while attempting to watch the movie Seabiscuit?" If so, I just broke it.
The media makes being promiscuous cool I feel sorry for those with daughters being born.. You gotta raise them to be queens not barbies.
I never looked at the consequences of missing a big shot . . . when you think about the consequences you always think of a negative result.
Sounds amazing!
hi. You should check out They'd LOVE to your with you.
Only listening to Elvin Jones this afternoon.
Just realized I've had two drinks since July 1st. Crazy.
RT : something is brewing and coming to a tap near you
The Road to the Form 20th Anniversary show. Trivia question #2. Where was the specific location of the first Red Letter Daze show?
are we phone calling tonight?
When we were kids, my younger sister had metal teeth, she didn't have to worry about cavities, but she did have a slight rust problem.
ive been down it, i aint free
Thats sizeable being malignant. What matters is her! and that she gets the BEST possible options! for a cure or remission.
": I have a 17" Macbook Pro cover, new in the box. Let's play a twitter game & give it away!"GO.
Presumed Innocent is such a good movie. I really need to read the Scott Turow book.
I will
#aam2011 "10k followers" session: Dear Presenters, Thanx for fantastic variety and examples, honesty, and open discussion. Great session!
A moral and ethical issue. Hm. The personal decision, maybe. But not THE LAW!
Why do ppl keep say that red heads are nice gentle ppl?? No the fuck we aren't!
Ben:"Kacie's parents are very protective of her....it's going to take a lot to get the key to her chastity belt!
DUDE. Spencer is becoming a b*tch! She isnt talking to the other girls. like. wtf.
Can I inject my own offensive things? I have a really good imagination.
Today in my 9th grade class we discussed how important autonomy is while in a dating relationship #edchat,
Top Ten books to read on Amazon- We Have 5 www.justsmellsogood-nation.com
Well congrats on a nice time anyway and good luck in NJ!
Very un Philly like area in Philly. Feels odd, but nice
15% off friday!!! 15% off all orders*. Coupon Code = WSEVENT0805 *some restrictions apply
I will be marching for Trayvon today. who else will be marching
Havin someone you can grow old with until god calls you home <33
#Trivia Answer: Donkey Kong! Come out tonight for more trivia and #drink specials. (Insert poster)
Starting a #list of #women solpreneurs who use #pinterest for #business. Reply with your Pinterest profile link if I should add you.
What's wrong with his head? Looks more like a balloon than a dog...
yeah kinda and about track (;
i&#39;m pretty sure i can show the harrassment started when eat a d was misinterpreted,u misinterpret alot too
Well... I guess this is as bad as my life can get.
Congrats to and on their noms for best improv group in the comedy awards!
lmao. You do it, I'll be your partner.
Misaligned expectations and poor communication is always dangerous
What was the name of the book they referred to?
: Sunday screeningis full, but there is still room for the Monday screening and for both shows of #GoneWithThePope!
Clean up on isle three, there was to b heard of a drunk cart driver.
Rangers are losing. Good.
I shouldn't be near Vegas and have money in my pocket. -Adam Sandler
She's thankful for everything you just don't listen enough.
On a happier note, don't forget to wish Billy Joel a happy birthday - he's 63 today! :-)
Cream cheese and a bagel, orange juice, and yogurt is how winners eat!
Ewww a lot of these dudes are gay undercover !! <U+E407>
What we're thinking about in right now: how can we acquire the Elephant 6 archive.
"Mitt Romney is on the record as opposing same-sex marriage or civil unions, the he does oppose incinerating gays after public show trials."
THANKS FOR ASKING!!!
George Michael's "Amazing" is among my favorite songs EVER.
I haven't stayed up this long in who knows.. But goodnight everyone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> Hope seniors were turnt up!
good choice! No I drove for about 5hrs
Spent day in archives researching a new acc - scrapbook and letters to/from staff at Northshore estates 1911-1940s. LoveMyJob
Will do!
movie was great except for the assholes behind us.
Tell matt we said hi. Wanted to be there tonight, fwiw.
Well they're all unisex. Still want a M or would you rather have a S?
awesome! We love Vince-so talented and his pieces are so versatile.
AMEN. is this u? RT Packing for trip to LA: Push up bra…check Hair extensions…check Soul…checked at the door
I listen to such sad music.
Don't feel good -__- staying home onna Friday night like a loner (y)
dammit, Stephanka! You ruined it! Now everybody knows lol
bare down
LOVE THIS! RT Friendship makes prosperity more brilliant, and lightens adversity by dividing and sharing it. ~Cicero
vegas time!!!!
oh hi :D
I just supported Torah Academy in the Kohl's Cares for Kids $10M Giveback Contest!
RT ": I'm so excited for Russell that I thought Seattle picked me!!!! #OnWisconsin”
thanks back to you and the other organizers. really good planning. (internet not your fault)
tell her she's white.
followed you back love (:
the party! says "do yourselves a favor and get Julian Casablanca's version of "I Wish it was Christmas Today"
Once he get it im putting my two wks notices in<U+270C><U+270C><U+270C>then packing to leave the Houston <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00BC><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A9>
#Messagetomyex use less teeth
HIM = He Is Mine<U+2665>
Trucks by DuckDuckMoose is a big win in the preschool dining distraction category.
Fine, Paul's was slightly better.
following u!
Good morning everyone...Have an incredible Sat:)
Crisp autumn morning, Will was in a fantastic mood on the walk to school.
Who's going to the Hounds game tonight? The MLL Commissioner will be there!
Taking the Biology EOC. Luckily I don't have to go to 1-4 period
“: Ron, I demoed hear it, read it classics at #IRA2012. Really cool.” Awesome! proud to work with Sourcebooks on these!
and I think he's encouraging people to use words to manipulate the conversation, for a piece of it.
I was wrong in my e-mail, the Badger game that day is at 11.
We have 3 openings to volunteer at the Greater Chicago Food Depository on Nov 1st 9-noon - Who wants to help?
11:11 - I Wisj Everything Would Go Back To The Way It Used To Be . .
NFLPA GC says trying to reduce hits during practice, more number of hits=increase in long-term effects. Trying to make game safer.
I Got This Track Im Bout To Send you. Want Your Opinion On It & If I Should Release It Before I Drop The Mixtape
damn im glad that im not the onle one that can see right thru her & her CONSTANT DRAMA!
if you Foollow Me I Would Be The Happiest Angel Ever Just That Feeling Of Knowing That Out Of Everyone Else YOU Noticed ME!<333
I don't want him to come back
Jose Baselga Phase 2 to successful Phase 3; historically success rate 18%. I wonder what it sits at over the last decade?
I remember your bday wishes. Thank you. Yes, that's it...research. Ha.
i love seeing if people text back and actually want to keep a conversation going...
when do you get them of? I just got a chain :/
I love seeing posts like these. Congrats! :-)
Off to meet with some of the people at to talk about Twitter in a bit. Looking forward to it!
“Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.” <U+2015> Aldous Huxley, Complete Essays 2, 1926-29
RT <U+200F> Album "STRANGE CLOUDS" is available NOW!!!!! Go to Itunes and support great music!!!!
oh did u ever get to meet the McClain sisterzzz
I want quik but my kitchens too far =(
Thanks glad you enjoyed it! And thank YOU for the talk : )
Bears defense is as bad as Lovie as Dayquil spokesman! Now I'm sniffling, sneezing, aching and can't sleep.
great seeing you and listening in on you at #heartcamp! You rocked!!! :-)
Pretty good, thanks! I can't really complain. Now I want to marathon Girls (again) tbh
lol! At least you tried!
Gotta cure this hangover. F*ck, I don't seem to learn. -_-
Good morning! We got a bunch of new followers over the weekend thank you for all the support and welcome to the HC family
#SCMS11 talk tip of the day: "The right word may be effective, but no word was ever as effective as a rightly timed pause" Sam Clemens.
it doesn't feel like i have a final tomorrow.
please follow :) she has great tweets
“: Smfh!! Lmaooooo I wanna see him though!! But NOT on his terms....on mine!! #Imrunningshit” duuuuhhhh. Lol
Playing tomorrow night! Halloween party! Free admission!
All this time you were using me; I have to go and get myself away from you
Driving while texting is dangerous. I would never do that, besides I don't have time I am too busy eating spaghetti
Hi Dorothy, Thank you for the follow. Stuart
#wwquestion An artist
Michele Abbott
nope text me back
the same people? literally? how do you know?
you're just jealous... (I am too)
Good Night! Sweet Dreams! :)
I like that you didn't retweet the rest of Kurkjian's tweet.
“: OH "you don't have to re-invent the wheel, just make it not wobble so much" #WITHsdom”
congrats on making 's 101 list! You were a great venue for our holiday party!
that was hilarious!!!!!! #Jessica'sSinging #Recorded #Priceless(:
haha, yes actually. Got the recipe off of pinterest :-)
But they're separate runtimes, and should be separate files on the disk. Or so I thought.
Thanks friend. I read your bullying piece today and couldn't comment yet. Too emotional still.
Sounds like a busy day, Melinda! Good luck with your presentation tomorrow.
RT : Q3 Meeting the requirements of the Customer, Usability, Quick Adoption
Today's a big day #nervous !
A GIFTED MAN was FORGETTABLE. Both CBS shows were cancelled.
searching for an #ACCOUNTANT II and Acct I in St Pete, Clearwater, and Tampa areas email #RESUME to #…
heheh feel better my little patient <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A>
Well we will just need to be spontaneous.
Ah... Pain is subsiding... Time to get out of bed and into the shower and then to the doctor before painkillers stop working! See y'all l8r!
SORRY, I DO NOT SPEAK MOON MAN
Glad to be surrounded by my people finally! MOUG is well underway!
I got school tomorrow .
Sometimes being single is your comfort zone. Ask yourself what is so scary about being in a relationship?
Couldn't agree w/ you more. It's not like Lucroy is Henry Blanco at the plate.
This has been the longest day of my life and I'm finally in my bed
[Psa103:5]FatherGod gave us HIS Words & as we speak them our youth is renewed like the eagle's [Psa45:1]Speaking=Writing in Spiritual Heart.
Need help with your NEH Challenge Grant app for special 2-yr college competition? Don't worry. Staff will read drafts through Jan 2011.
blah blah blah blah REMATCH blah blah blah blah!!
how many teams in the league and what kind of scoring?
": Pray so hard, devil tryna find me.."
haha! Cats does kill CARL! Polaris can handle cats though. I like cats, so I'm happy!
cool, now I have to go nvm and tweak old galleries
everybody put your motherfuckin hands up and follow me. Everybody put your hands up.... Eminem follow me(;
Interested in actively engaging your customer? Suggest taking look Comment Boards: Roseville CA, South Loop Chicago, for example
People who lie!
"Doing what is right is easy once you decide what is the right thing to do...Never do anything just for the money' George Sheehan
Right back like I never left !
what? : Bitch I said I was Amazing..... Not that I'm a Mason
Sex ain't better then love
So many men so little aspirin.
Faaiz from eSpark is excited to be attending conference this weekend in Chicago!
RT : Usually I would turn my phone off...not anymore
I love watching #SouthBeachTow , There's some crazy ass people in Miami. #NoPlaceLikeMiami <3
Most of us could use it.
CJ's got some nice moves! Let's get some goals early!
Chris no more comments please B4 TB12 gets killed
Glad I voted today and my family did. Glad to be going to bed knowing at least I cast my vote. Tonight would feel much worse if I didn't...
RT : What if Algebra teachers are really pirates, and they are using us to find "x" so they can find the treasure?
“He that divines the secret of my music is freed from the unhappiness that haunts the whole world of men.” Beethoven (1770-1827)
If you are a guy and you dress up and "pose" for your icon, I laugh at you every time you pop up on my TL. dress up is for the ladies.
We've got tons of the real stuff too... And it's real good.
I CAN DO ANYTHING!!.... except for sleep...
This #Dreamchasers2 is bananas
Omg. No way.<3
hahaha good! Good cause if not! We gonna function on Saturday? Or why
DID YOU BUY TICKET?
It's Awesome! :)
its supposed to be awarded after 3am so I'm guessing its a GMT/timezone bug.
Just discovered there's a German on the ! I'm going to Germany next year - think he will teach me German? cc:
MAY 28th -K N BULL-The Sunset Island Music Battle of the Bands We will be GIVING AWAY PRIZES TO SOME OF THE FANS THAT ATTEND see you there
Thank you so much
Jahaan has no filter. I love it hahah
yeah, I've only been there twice, but I really like it there. Always an excellent selection of interesting beers
Burnett: I love eminem! Blonde: The candy m&m?:Burnett: No the rapper.! Blonde: Ew why would you love the wrapper?!!! haha
We are moving again! But keeping our house here to rent, so maybe we'll be on the same fixup timeline as the cottage. : )
I have a fat blister on my heel :(
Thank you, for your support on Twitter yesterday. Yes, we agree with you, great candidates!
Nice to hear practical arguments for a change.. Excellent talk!
ok. Im only 5 minutes away from the station.
Eben! Are you singing there? When can I come see you?!
I really should do this laundry
Sometimes I like spam accounts. RT Ziegenhagen, in turn, used to live with musicians and had been impressing upon...
Just scored another A-List Interview for our Debut Issue. LOVE this job! Love it!!!
Office talk on crazy breakfast items from Jack in the Box and how all they need is a final pour of gravy or syrup. Ow, my
I cant wait for Spring Break so i can take the sunday opens again :) love your choreo Jona your an amazing teacher! xoxo
Very lame!
THIS TWEEKER BITCH!! She wants 2 keep talkin her shit to my cuzn n bout my family imma fuk her whole world up!!
We analysed 1.2M service desk tickets logged Jan 2010 - June 2011: more than 42% were for Microsoft Office (20% were Outlook).
Consistency is the key to a massive following, longevity in biz & higher profits!
RT walking into my room.bro:playing my ps3.me:what are you doing?bro:what does it look like,painting a picture.me:that would be better.
They also killed him for his glasses. Which leads me to: I haven't seen so much red since they killed Piggy for his glasses.
Doors for the Harlem Globetrotters open at US Bank Arena in about 30 minutes. Plenty of time to drive down here & catch the 7:00pm show!
#haters too many of them
@ glambert It's time for Dewey attys to leave. The writings on the wall.
Enjoyed Shen Yun Performing Arts at Portland's Keller Auditorium on Friday.
About to record a freestyle video to 1 of beats
that.is.awesome.
DM your number so i can hit you up tomorrow or something
3 in the air if you just don't care' -
because they're bad at just about everything :X
": A babysitter is a teenager acting like an adult while the adults are out acting like teenagers." And lovin every minute of it.
Direct Energy Regulated Services Announces Natural Gas Rates for May 2012
does ever get tweet limit? hm
Happy Friday! Sushi Bar Specials!
Oh canada! Let me tell you, Canadians LOVE sasquatch! I met so many beautiful, kind and wonderful Canadians this weekend! I <3 Canada!
to teens, email is slow, adult, formal
Toonami is coming back
is it bad that I saw a beer in the fridge and my head started to hurt?
We need more grassroots initiatives like in Baltimore!
thanks for the follow back!
I think I'm finally over my addiction to Qdoba. There's one next to the hotel, and haven't had any urges. Now on to that nasty coke habit
And Kyrie said he's in it for the long haul. I've heard that before. I'll believe it when I see it.
I cannot take the "X" divider in blog titles anymore. What an utterly terrible and ridiculous idea that should have died 3 years ago.
Out of the $3.30 rebuy. 77 runs into TT. 55 then loses against AT. Good news is we did not have to use our add on
"we have seen launch blistering criticisms of his rivals for mayor – negative campaigning..." -
My kitty is snoring ^.^
How yall doing??(x
Started our fall Haunt-a-thon last night with the awesome Japanese movie "Dark Water." A MUST SEE for all horror & haunted house movie fans!
I'm at Saltgrass and I'm watching the Bulls play on TV!!!! :)
Round #2 of the roundtables underway. This session to conclude at 11:20 a.m.
I thought the movie started more slowly than you did. (Maybe because the early attack on SHIELD HQ didn't do much for me.)
RT : Buffer Tip: Did you know you can drag your profile pictures on the Buffer dashboard to reorder your accounts?
RT : Love hearing that Kaufman, Milloy and more are at the Spring Game. Can't hurt with all the recruits there.
You know you're the reason for my tears..good and bad.
If only i had stayed :/
Good night beautiful tweeters (:
Simple Plan - This Song Saved My Life
Owm too New York :)
I'm gonna have to go home to a bubble bath and a massage on a Friday night. Like soon. *evaluates life*
It's going to be a great weekend! Can't wait to get to & hear MUSIC! #ACLFest :)
Planning and cancelling a trip to Syria is now officially an annual ritual feature of my life.
damn. Nice run, lady!
Keep up the great work..one day, me and my lady are going to do the same work you do...here in NM. Your awesome!
if we were all the same then there would be no problems...welcome to my house party!!
Thanks Kelly! We r pumped!
You are the reason i got into music. As Nasty As They Wanna Be was the first album i bought. After that it was on.
BrowserQuest doesn't work on my Evo 3D. It would if it was built in Flash!
did it live tonight...did you?
Regardless of circumstances, each man lives in a world of his own making.
If all goes according to plan, book comes out this spring!!!! Yeah!
hey, sorry we didn't connect last night. How 'bout we try to meetup tonight at supermeet?
Time is goin by so slow today
Wew! Up for the day!
Wow. Not trusting you with that again.
My weekend started out pretty damn good lmao
Its hard for good people to imagine that someone could be so bad.
So cute !
I'm a working woman again....
Mothers hold their children's hands for a short while, but their hearts forever. ~ Author Unknown
Not many followers yet :(
<U+2605> hosts the party <U+2605> Special guests + <U+2605> <U+2605> Text 818.602.7374
Lawrie should be suspended. The ump should be fired.
Mad at you.
Hookah Friday? Fuck it why not!(:<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Too many Boy/Men today-- undereducated, lazy, dead enders, who play games more than live real life.Amazing how many women settle for that.
love you to! And thank you so much for coming Val it means the world<3
Wonder how he squares that with immorality & selfishness so many people& faiths see in his support of Ryan shredding safety net
Listening to 's weekly This WeeK In Startups discussion group at one of my favorite parts of each week
blah im sowwy
it's an early night for me, good night y'all.
T-storm just in time for the party. Hope everybody shows up anyway!
Best thing about being a #photographer: I get to tell people I want to shoot them.
Why do us girls give our boyfriends the weirdest nicknames? I call Joseph, Booogabutt! No idea where that came from. Lol <U+E412><U+E056><U+E106>
You can only decide how you're going to live
Cereal time
Hour and a half wait? Worth it.
On the way to the Hong Kong airport to go home.... Leaving makes it all feel like a dream
"i didnt just call you fat" "Wait... What?!?" "Uh KIDDING!! hehe"
thank you for the helpful tips! Did you stop running for a period of time and if so, how long? Must cross train now! Thanks!
workout semi-successful, lsot and then re-found my earrings, now a never ending meeting that will probably kill my soul.
That's odd.
Three cheers for free books. On our way to the main library.
#Bulls win!! Great win by the Bulls at the end. Great seeing D. Rose starting to get his game back. They know how to make a game exciting.
Love this! RT : McGinty: his Boss Boyd character on #boardwalkempire, name is a tip of the hat to an archivist
Look at you being all cheesy! You are one big ham!
The smell will always remind me of my grandparent's home when I was a kid. M....
everyone is welcome to come to my place to hang tonight
am I correct to assume you met Nas and jigga?..must have been dope haha so how it goes it fam bizzle?
Honored to receive the COPE San Mateo County Labor Council endorsement for re-election to the SSF City Council. Thank you #Labor friends.
My mom & I can say "So good" just like Sophia Grace & Rosie! Its our comeback for everything now. Haha! :)
San Antonio is a perfect vacation spot! Experience the #RiverWalk, enjoy great food and relax in a luxurious hotel.
Rap is cursed with to many money motivated rappers. If all you rap for and grind for is money then you missed the point of music entirely.
Wow thanks for the follow in Singapore!!! =)
While I love a maxi dress, it can sometimes overwhelm a small frame. Pay attention to silhouette & volume when choosing one.
is searching for rug hookers who tweet. seems like tweeters are taking up rug hooking, but not the other way around.
thank u :) lol do u remember me? i am shaymitch_navy but this is my account i used til i remembered my pw to the other one
Since I made this movie, I'm having a lot of trouble believing that our government is looking out for our best interests. Duh!
Sneeze with your eyes open is impossible.
Good morning!
Have had an awesome day!
well then pop, whiskey, or water....you are absolutely #BEAUTIFUL!
I have a cold but I'm doing alright. Just trying to keep busy and work on my hustle :)
Just two days left to tell us how you #votesmart and enter a chance to win our Project Vote Smart tee-shirt!
it's a pleasure to be in great company
that means u have to put in a transfer and move with me! You have a year n some change to figure it out :D
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
Answering a question with a question...really? <<<<<<<<<
Wen i get bk ima give u the golden nugget. Ive seen glory
This is my obligatory "I'll be spending my birthday at this weekend, woo Vegas" tweet. :)
This right knee is giving me the blues right now. Been sore for about 2 weeks.
This story is actually kinda interesting
To be perfectly happy it does not suffice to possess happiness, it is necessary to have deserved it. - Victor Hugo
Niggas Can't Keep Up, Chicks Wanna Hold Me Down, The Man On My Ass Cause I'm Getting Money Now!
#WhatDoYou call a bee that makes milk? A boobie
May sign a new #rockband in 2012
haha. I was whipping my hair for like an hour & now my neck hurts so bad...
Yeah, he's too busy throwing himself against the window.
I'm loving this right now. You're stressing so much and I don't give a fuck. Pero no te metas conmigo que yo tengo lengua mala!
just put my hair up to clean. shit just got real.
me too!
TheSportsHorn said early in draft process last year that TJ Yates was the #1 Sleeper QB in the Draft. Houston listened
Congratulations to and on the birth of their healthy baby daughter!
I love that! It was so much fun seeing it during the super bowl. I think it actually won best commercial.
Hey twitter land who wants to chat
Souffle, blini, pan-fried potatoes, apple-gouda sausage and mimosas. This is brunch.
Kevin Nash might have something to say about that
I AM NOT DISAGREEING WITH YOU.
you should come see me tomorrow!
you suck! I wanted to reweet your tweet!!!
Looking for a new place to call home??? Call us today 858.279.7410
I sure hope Goose survives this one. The world could use a few more piano playing fighter pilots.
syracuse and indiana game means nothing to me as far as my bracket. my east region all screwed up.
All I can think about is getting YOU home !
liam baby hello :)x
Prostate Pops
A day at home? I can't believe it! To the theater later, though...closing weekend!
Bbaica is similar to Plavac Mali, but more acidity and leaner. Figs,ripe plums, herbs, sea, cherry, dirt all in one.
Women, did you grow up believing you had to leave your femininity behind in order to succeed? NOT TRUE!
#5Words ...Custom Website Design & Development.
Starting off Tuesday with some fat rips of Super Oasis OG. Straight fire!!!
was amazing! Great #snow. Thanks Tommy for the freestyle lesson. Great times!
#ItGetsMeMad when people don't know that I can help them and they lose their homes :(
Woke up fucked up
#AAPL stock down today...propelled by prescheduled #insider sales of shares, or the #market sensing a real problem? #buyingopportunity?
we would love to have you!! See you soon!
Take it to the hoop , strong , PLEASE. Go Celts !!!
Why Attend NRA Show 2012? Why Attend NRA Show 2012? After several grueling years, restaurant industry sales are beginning to roar ba
Obligatory lottery tweet.
Great keynote by Pam Sherman, the Suburban Outlaw at
it's the cloud life
Working on my new website - should be ready by next week!
Day 1 complete. What new ideas/resources did you learn about today?
#thevoice is awesome!...shall I dare to say better than idol?
WE are on twitter now!!
STAY CALM AND RAISE THE JOLLY ROGER.
Come on Dads lets hear it. Worst gifts so far? Dont worry if your kid's on twitter, you deserved the can of nuts & stupid tie.
Horrible service
ohh I see! I dont either :/ haha who'd you hangout with?
Its not too early to start thinking about the perfect Valentine's Day gift!
"We're in a good place..." Boozer don't make come back to Chicago early just to ask you what the hell you're talking about. You're down 3-1!
Working on beta of SDEMI.org Website!
had never heard Freebird in his entire life , WOAH
I like listen to songs from while I'm doing homework. Their music makes me focus well.
50% off 8x10 prints through mpix. Use coupon code fall8x10sale at checkout.
Table of contents' multiplicity of writers deconstructs solitary genius in 1838 Forget Me Not.
Already getting ready for #CincoDeMayo!
lol check em out jesus h. flint esquire an fidel havok
Norv coaches to a 24 pt win with a decimated O-line. How bad is he? Fire him? Let's finish the season.
Q: How to defeat killer bots? A: Send em candid pics of congressman
Tweet.... Tweet.... Haha I'm tweeting
You know when you wake up and you can't decide whether you want to use the restroom. I really have to but I'm soo tired!!
One of the sorrows of middle age: seeing all my friends struggling with ill/disabled/diminished/dying parents.
I'm actually missing already.
YEE im excited for your party on Twitter lol <3 text ya
Except then I'm still out $50!! They already charged me...I'm super patient with this sorta thing but it's getting ridiculous
Can't wait to hang out and hear you make some magic.
Picture of President Obama + Impact Font = MAKING A DIFFERENCE HERE PEOPLE.
Isaiah Thomas is proof the Blazers scouting department needs to be replaced
Just got done with Shoot around at Bishop Hartley HS - on way to go watch Lake Catholic play
u not gone b satisfied until ur laying on the floor huh
Time to bring in the plants and build a fire, freezing temps for morning.
Yea.. being away from somebody you care about is indeed the worst.
get off my back!
Fun! RT : Looking forward to a fun weekend It's going to be loud with monster trucks and Nickleback!!
Watching Midnight! One of my favorites. Even if Donna isn't actually in it.
thanks:) but im not going to Tmc until Friday ...i have soccer games this whole week.
This Saturday will be the presenting sponsor at the first home game! Who’s attending?
http:/www.lacomfotzone.com for massage oils, edible tasty oils, and novelties...
i was inspired by yr tweet to make my own chicken salad - homemade aioli mustard mayo, almonds, bread&butter pickles. YUM.
So if no ones on twitter and everyone's on Facebook what will happen when a killer tracks Justin bieber and kills him . . .
Happiest day of the year--the coffee shop in Clark has reopened.
HahahahaRT : Tries to discretely buy condoms. "Can we get a price check on small Trojans?"
It's the show that gives you that "I'm gonna have a six pack after all this laughing" feeling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5>
don't hate on Zooey! I named my first born kinda sorta after her.
I didn't do the recording; the moderator, Julia Rios, did :)
You shouldn't be so hard on yourself
Belize run ins always make my day!
go pick tomatoes from our place, we have 30 plants
We can be strong!, just follow the unicorn on the road to love<3
Sleep.. Up at 7am to study, finals at 1 and 4:30 and I'm DONE!!
Orlando Fun Fact: Semoran Boulevard was named as such because it runs between SEMinole and ORANge county.
lord no haha my muscle just wasn't agreeing with the implants so he has to go deeper in my muscle haha
I'm a little disappointed to see that actually tweets instead of just letting do it all.
I know -_-
Who is the president we need but probably won't get elected?
I will be soon!!
Doug Cuomo's Black Diamond Express Train to Hell based on the sermon of Reverend A.W. Nix will premier on Dec. 3rd at Carnegie Hall
#IfOnlyICould Make A Phone Call To Heaven . R.I.P papa I really miss you being here with me
“: The final resting place of the space shuttle Enterprise will be the Intrepid Sea, Air, & Space Museum in Manhattan.” very cool
she (parker) had on the cutest skirt
I'm high ass fuc
I remember that too!!
sadly I won't be in NY when it premieres. Will be out of town.
heyy austin i love you so much please follow me <3 :] 6
o dates!!! Fun fun
:P emerging economies Baby Food Market - Opportunities in Emerging Markets Report
So many things to do today. >.<
Thanks Scott!
I totally agree! It's so good to be respected again. Here's to ANOTHER great season.
good night, btw you sound great
He's very good at scoring runs against the West Indies!
Love is/what makes us/human
given that they're now reporting 785 homes destroyed, it really is appalling.
well tomorrow we can celebrate a tiny bit, but not enough to jinx it.
For some reason I was just reminded of a person that got upset with me because my Sugar -> Skype link didn't work without Skype.
Facebook disabling accounts for no reasons. Imma leave that shit.
I can now officially cross "channeling my inner Johnny Cash by singing at a prison" off my bucket list.
Monday night happy hour starts...now!
herb and sushi, oh my god, my knees are weakened..but i cant do it 2nite
were the fork is my ipod.. i needa follow Carlos on Hallo
Congrats to Spencer Locke who has just booked NCIS!!! Year of the pumpkin!!!!!!!
getting a visual of an 80's you singing along with a hairbrush, oversized coat & hat
Rep. Graham says he doesn't know the line between RP and and good law enforcement. We suggest #ERPA help to draw that line
that's almost anywhere u go bro!
haha I know, every new girl I meet here on twitter or outside of tweeter I tell her she's beautiful, I've always done that ;)
Platonic love? Is it really possible.
Painting my place today and then off to Hollywood for an ASCAP kickoff with the lovely and my fellow artists!
Thanks for the follow Marlon! Good to hear from you!
Brown bag special at the health department ;)
Although it has whipped my ass, I will never give up on love, it's the ultimate high...
7 am wakin' up in the morning, gotta look fresh, gotta go downstairs, gotta have my bowl gotta have cereal....
good luck Alex <3 you can do it(:
lol that's better
New engines in the supply chain may not use ONIX, which is forked anyway, will use mechs like OPDS #bisg #mip12 per
o RT : no one cared young one. it was a joke. you must calm your ass all the way down.
It is officially my birthday !
Seconded. I also enjoyed the "President Can't Swim" line. First time I've heard that one. cc
The avengers.... Finally!!!!! Yay!
I'm glad I can do do from a distance. Hahaha.
Listening to preach #WaitingRoom! Great stuff!
yea. listen to mary 3x
Love being able to not have a time savings thing-a-magig lol
Great to see you yesterday.
diet coke = liquid fun
It costs nothing to listen to the show--which is about listening to your own guidance, no need for counselors.
5 AM is a cruel joke on mankind. i'd like my sleep back, thank you....
A perfect Thursday night! Enjoy your evening and have some fun along the way. :-)
RT : RT : Q4) Prepare and outline or template of a solution to a issue. Customize it for employers...
time to get Paid In Full!
Makes two of us. -.-
RT : On the #KipCamp agenda today: Streamlining your digital life (w/). Then meeting with John Glenn.
haha aww. The only way to get better us to keep translating. You'll get there. :). After school I'll probably be working.
i gota question bout this mixtape cover ima inbox you
#BuffettWatch Good news, yes!!! Negativity gets old!!!
Im so irritated me and the I started listening to mindless behavior, they make me feel good.
What a fun show! Thanks for coming!!! I love you guys.
Marc Staal ftmfw last night. Damn and I was asleep.
Don't forget to turn in your Nominations and reservations for the recognition event! Nominations are due in less than a week!
You survived b-day fun at the Nitty Gritty-?! Have fun on break Jess, and please don't spend your b-day spoils at Waffle House :-)
Yuck and thank you. “: Feel like they could play 500 minutes and not score tonight.”
Tryin to keep up with so much going on today. I'm ready to get home and crawl into bed already. Lord give me strength!
LMAO, that's pretty much the best way it could ever go down, *daps*
This damn train ride is killing me
Today Emmet when to big boy day care for the first time. I am a mess.
I totally agree! If he was even as dark as James I would think it was weird. Kendall is a sex god
Can you break that remark down for me, about sexuality meaning nothing to an insecure woman?
this is true, if she's not well I lose every bit of sleep.
How cool is that? Love Reddit.
AH! Just got my bubbi brush and i am so happy i almost cried! I love it! Thanks so much! ^_^
That is also when I started to love them!
#nbafinals sidenote: remember when volkswagen commercials were clever/funky/intelligent/unique?
Dreaming bout tha next step. Not minding wit tha n**** on tha front steps. We out here grindin chasing pay checks.
Happens when I've selected a twttter profile & am trying to reply, RT or DM. Sometimes the icons show up, sometimes not. Y?
Easter Egg Hunt 1pm today at McKee Farms Park in Fitchburg, sponsored by your Fitchburg Lions Club!
thank you all so much for all the support. you all are truly wonderful.
See last tweet - Chicago is booked <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
All day Baltimore had been burned on 3rd and long.
Everybody follow
RT I think you need to take a shot everytime he goes with "you kiddin' me?"
"New & Improved res system"? It's been offline for a week! Now you want to price gouge me. No thanks, i'll try
Turiaf DRIVES ME NUTS! Im not even basing it off his game/or ablity. Im off him b/c of his braids and his abe lincoln beard.
Thank you for the follow as well. Have a great weekend.
Boxwire will change the way you get feedback from your customers.
ha nope I told him there was a Toyota Yaris that just became available and that the Jeep belonged to a customer so he took the Yaris
alex constancio rocks
I'm partial to books in print too. However, I love learning about all the technology and options that go along with eReading.
"Good morning twitter I'm back in the ATL :-)
": tis a great day for that, gotta lvthis ny weather we having huh!?"lol always great weather when ur a champ
you tell them Ross ;)
A year after my now fully repaired classic Mustang came out of the body shop I find out USAA declared it salvage. USAA sucks!
#truth... and I get to enjoy the look on their face when they think about how to do that... ~grin~
Too much work, too little time!
Usually not the biggest Kane fan, but that breakaway shot was fantastic
Tryn to burn but got no L like the 72' dolphins. Thats that shit i dont like!
Omg just had the biggest EYE GASM!!!!! Transformers was so frickin' Awesome !!!!
that makes two of us
Rick Prelinger - Facebook gets it: our personal histories are as much about what we consume as what we produce
Qr codes are most popular among those with purchasing power
The long journey earns its destination.
lol sounds like u had fun
Meaning these Twitter takedown campaigns often feel more like laser sights than spotlights.
Everyone likes my shirt:D
I think the ability to instantly open up & gut your own work like a fish is useful in the early stages but damaging later
That is a thing of beauty...
I'm considering occupying the "Occupy" movement. By that, I mean, I'll be gainfully employed, shaved, and showered.
Larry H. Miller Hyundai Albuquerque is proud to be participating in the "Making Strides Against Breast Cancer" 5 mile walk on May 1st, 2011.
thanks Kendall!! You make it easy!! Xoxo
Ack, why does this file keep reappearing in my home folder... "C:\nppdf32Log\debuglog.txt"
For those who like me, raise your hand. For those who don't, raise your standards.
I don't wanna talk about it.
Mandy! Nice meeting you at my place today
Craving Frozen yogurt!
Taco Tuesday at tonight. All you can eat taco's for $5.50. Can't beat that!
Real. Talk.
Be sure to watch trombonist on SNL tomorrow might with !!!
Tardy to the party !!!
FOLLOW THE DOVELY LADIES OF THE LETHAL LAMBDA LAMBDA CHAPTER OF ZETA PHI BETA SORORITY, INC!
Rinny looks beat. Unrelated: 27 to 80 is ridiculous
Under no conditions will Repubs raise taxes on wealthy yet willing to increase taxes for middle-income. Any wonder I fed up by this attitude
I agree!! I think its a fake bach party!!
need a follow? hit us up
Becca bailed on the sympathy cleanse and ate a turkey sub in front of me. Exquisite torture. Hope this Brazil nut milk will kill the pain.
2011.10.09 #Brewers 9 #Cardinals 6 #postseason | Game one in the books / Braun, Prince and Yuni go long / Miller Park explodes
I hate politicians. Why is contraception still controversial? Hey GOP-1965 called, it wants its debate back!
I am ready to rock n roll today! Have a great Tuesday! Have a full day planning to hit the eastbay today & tomorrow!
Can a nice glass of wine really make things better?
calling someone a crack whore is far worse than dumbf**k, there's no proof that shes a crack whore, sounds like defamation
So he took his time to draw a dinosaur on the board dude really smh
So I cry at weddings. Don't judge me.
you never fail until you give up
omg..you guys should stick to BBall, you're hatred of hockey is palpable. Obviously kicked in. Puck changes speed
is pulling a 48 so I can be off for Easter.
This just in: ESPN petitioning MLB to end the season tonight so they can award Matt Kemp the triple crown.
No more boot! I'm free!
Haha, good! I was like, "Crap, Caitie's getting all of this. How obnoxious am I?"
I can remember mine like it was yesterday. Oh the fun I had with my Dad.....
lo your a dumb fuck
Yeah dnt get n trouble<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
I'm tired af.
Aw. Too cute.
I r baboon.
sending jenny tea paola and rachel the picture of my crush and getting back "he's hot" ;) im just that good LMFAO
Oh man. Granted, I paid to see his movie/glorified book commercial, Think Like a Man. Which was illuminating.
Star Shorts
would I be doing to much if I asked for your number
comeing home soon?
office jailbreak - it's friday. It's 5:45pm & it's nice outside
Babe Ruth (September 24th, 1925) was the other Yankee. Giambi's slam gave the Yankees a 13-12 win over the Minnesota Twins.
I live there as well. Read your site all last year and when I saw u lived in tville gave me a good laugh. Small world
#HoodMemories ice cream man took paper foods stamps lol..(if u frm 96th u kno all bout it)
Not yet. You have a day left of youth.
what kind of recipes can you use frozen yogurt for? [all you creative cooks out there!]
Cool! I'll ask around and get back to you. :)
It was existentialism at its finest.
RT : Stop by and see us in the morning at our weekly info meeting. 730 am at 718 E Capitol in #JCMO. Get the facts to be an...
It is with great regret that we exclude others. completely organic, we're so sorry that most didn't make the cut.
i'm anxiously awaiting your return!
Just sent you a DM with the deets. Like I said, Lord help us if it really happens.
oh, yeah. Its just one of those days...
will be coming back in a while
ok good!!
good point, and I think that could play into not wanting to do it. They're going to try to keep Tebow plans under wraps.
Book your party today! Beauty, skin care, mens... Mary Kay has the products you need to look great this Holiday Season
I was looking for a great #golf deal and I found it at A. #Groupon B. Not - LivingSocial C. #Eversave D. C. wins!
Like I said: JB VanHollen Republican AG in Wisc., 2 years: no fraud cases brought
Hey guys, I did get the email, it's just not showing up as an event in my account!
will u do me a favor plz
Topics includes Case studies, utilizing specific software packages, new tools and approaches, etc. Hope that helps.
Enjoying my time to myself
So gave me her free (loyalty bonus) drink. We had 2 cappuccini. Grad school crunch time.
ICONIC BOYS did the best they are awesome
Those were extremely interesting facts! I will die young, but I'm average....
Millionaire Conservatives buy #Wisconsin . Environment destruction & loss of #women's rights to follow.
Hughes and Royce to fight in Brazil....Rumor?
I would. I just forget twitter exists sometimes. Stupid weed
wanna make another porn scene at recess
fewer if you know what you doing...
THERE HAVE TO COME AN OLIVE GARDEN IN NETHERLAND ! SO I CAN EAT IN THE SAME RESTAURANT LIKE
Really digging bounce music right now. Big Freedia!!
True Grit is an amazing film. Jeff Bridges has yet to disappoint as an actor.
Complete idiots!
Hey Tweeps. Good AM to you. Lots to do around #KillaCity. Have fun. Be safe. Feliz Cinco de Mayo.
Thanks! RT : Congrats to everyone that did the heavy lifting to make #thatcampphilly happen. A great two days!
Sean snapped on "Burn"
to or not to profile
I'm in love with him
Still really windy in San Francisco and trees and branches are on roads making it tough to drive!
Ladies and Gentleman. Welcome, to my 1,000 tweet. Hold your applause.
put your #survey ?s in the order that makes sense to the respondent, not to you
Sometimes I really wish I didn't have feelings. SOMETIMES.
First he got sent to war, then he got paralyzed, then he got cancer, then some punks in Albuquerque stole the tires off his truck, dammit.
Finding out you don't got any bacon <<<<
How do bankruptcy lawyers expect to be paid?
just emailed you
I'm glad! And for what it's worth, I really do like what the Bengals have been doing. Really could be a long term upturn.
Kobe didn't score 45 but Lakers did get the win.
An eight letter word with FIVE vowels in it? There is one word which qualifies: queueing.
Thanks Coleman!
following wow? plavaja? i dont even no her lol
every time i play online pool a bunch of foreigners always talk to me. lol
same to you brotha.
I know!ight be in Ohio soon. I'll come through and find you!
Who's creating a Gourmet Marshmallow S'more Pink Ribbon Pops for Boston Bakes? that's who!
OH, Definitely U2. The Joshua Tree can't be beat by any re-make! Have a lovely weekend :)
I'm doing better. And I just saw you, crazy girl!<3
What, you haven't heard the news? Mothra-like creatures really are invading Philadelphia!
follow precision sports !
In RML's Peruvian papers: a prisoner in secret cell of "this Holy Office" had to pay the Inquisition 140 pesos for food & provisions: Nervy!
I miss you! “: Nyc misses you! RT I miss the juice press”
Snow, I love you.<3
Dreamt about you last night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
howdy! Great #transmedia panel, but I did wish they talked more nuts and bolts than quirky bits. Esp on scalability, budgets...
I see Brent and I really suck at SCB.
Beauty isn't about having a pretty face , it's about having a pretty mind , a pretty heart , and a pretty soul .
Does smoke from Napa county have terroir?
Hey I love you! Please follow me xoxo
Yea that's been a huge fight on twitter too this week. I have one question with not an answer to gay thing.
who was that?
We LOVE our new song by Check it out in the music library under the Pop section, great for wedding videos!
Happy to be on this list
loving this episode! Great job !
Ikr! « What the faaaaack Greys why wasn't that episode the season finale?! HENRY <U+2665> #tearjerker»
Garden Cafe in #WoodstockNY RT Looking for #vegan-friendly #HudsonValley restaurants for an upcoming #foodcolumn. Any suggestions?
Nah buddy I'm in FL, let me know when you're around.
Deadlines. Started a paper today, unable to locate relevant sources, realized paper was due Friday Went running.
Happens to us all the time! ;) RT I'm cravin da pink tampico
fuck you #oomf, i might go off tomorrow
": Mixed emotions"
But seriously, where is Gosling?
THAT AWW YEA VIDEO BY WILL MAKE A NUN SHAKE HER ASS
just entered a contest to win a date with justin bieber. mildly concerned about what i'll do if i win.
2 of 6 headline speakers confirmed for #edui 2012. Looking forward to #JQuery with and #LeanUX with More to come!
Thanks. She's amazing, isn't she?
and I'm back, crazy weekend but happy to be back in the NYC. Time to get some z's
Alamerain, one two three.
congrats on the new gig when did you start in Spokane?
Yes, but total #s of accidents have fallen as well.
RT "Dont forget their incorrect weather forecasts and power outages. They must know people in high places."
Mhm! got that right ! Wearing one tomorrow:)
Define "filmmaker". I've been wanting to make a video for your stuff for a while. Totally interested.
going alright! How are you?
good to see you yesterday! Keep jammin' those great ideas!
who r u
BROADWAY BAR !!!!
did you like all of the Extream Rules results? :)
Happy birthday to my lil homie school day party again...?haah
No, no, thank you for the great content!
I know that. Most girls are annoying in real life
Cant wait for Kush Hour Tv to return... Lots of in store for the new season :-D
Haha, She's dong great!
Headed to the northwest side of Dupont Circle sometime soon?
Finally figured out how to transfer iTunes music to an Android phone.
Either you run the day or the day runs you. ~ Jim Rohn”
A final report of the BRDI symposium will be produced by NAS in June. Will promote when it's published
I try my best bud
My #stache does not seem to be doing much for the Not to mention it's not exactly stylish for a dude in his early 30's.
“: Offering someone food and secretly hoping they don't want it.” sorry I'm blowing up ur timeline...(;
Hell yeah! We love Obamacare! Not So Much. #NoGoodlatte doesn't represent us! Go ! and
"If you ain't got no money take your broke ass home..." I let my daughter know, too. (Listening to Lipstick Jungle tracks for motivation...)
I miss you , but that won't change a thing.
my b-day today!...oh&wrk..8L
if we didn't get a conformation email on the #DWR and contest, we're still good, right? submitted three-- no email...
every time a mother works it not just for her but for her child, every time she cooks, every time she prays its for her children
BuddyRoemer will be on the Presidential Primary ballot in GA. Why isn't he in at least one of the Republican debates? bit.ly/vydKzt
I am home!!
#I70 not bad at all so far. In silverthorne now. Would describe eastbound as moderate.
I'm rich, with a 'k'
Long hair don't care but it really be weave.
There RT : If we ain't datin or I don't have a crush on u, don't expect me to text first, I'm just puttin that put their...
Another defining moment
Loved shooting Tad Quill's new comedy, BENT. Amanda Peet & Jeffery Tambor are hilarious!
I don't test or in middle school History class. I use projects and the end result is a test grade, it works great!
Perhaps Joe "Part-time" Sanfelippo should look at and to learn how to do the job he's had for four years.
Had the same cell number forever. I need to keep all my contacts...I must sound like a prick when old friends call to catch up. WHOS THIS???
This New York weather is just a tease for the upcoming Spring season!
Shut upp! Totally worth it! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> RT : <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>RT : Possibility just did the creepiest thing I've ever done...
“: #SomethingiLearnedLongAgo: Trust is like a eraser. It gets smaller and smaller after every mistake.” mind is blown. So true!
I cant expend my 5,000th tweet and the few preceding it on the various atrocities of tonight's show. Can' break'a my stride, Iron Horse
I probably wouldnt murder you if u paid me.... then again... how much u talking?.. get it... talkin? LMAO
i'll show you the east village, happy hour?
Haha. That's pretty funny.
70º on the patio already - perfect day for a post work happy hour! Margaritas poolside just the way to kick off the weekend!
mature and frat dont go in the same sentence. You need a G<U+0394><U+0399>
you too!! thanks so much for coming in!
Dirk! and 1
GOOD LUCK ARIANA GOOD LUCK ARIANA GOOD LUCK ARIANA GOOD LUCK ARIANA
I'm obsessed with Jake Toranzo Austin Szymanski.
Mr. Shocket really pisses me off.
i freakin miss u!!!!!! hows class with out me:/?!
Hi Mark - would you be interested in a demo? Would love your feedback on GoingOn. Sounds like you have tremendous expertise.
So disappointed.
all that counts is here and now..
you are so pretty :)
“: Bad People...Do Not Change. Repentant People...Change. #drMM #fb”
You would be pretty if your teeth weren't so jacked up.
As I'm looking 4 info on promoting a novel, I find myself only caring about following smart people with answers, not trolling 4 followers
Wed Trivia: Texas is the only U.S. state that allows residents to do what? Answer at noon.
hahaha. That is quite unfortunate.
#BMF Starts today at Copper Mountain!! In the area, come take our Burtonized PlaySport for a test drive!!
#artsummit just got personal challenge, where is env leadership in my cultural leadership syllabus. Good question!
RT Head of says Brown's bill to make students take SAT/ACT is "overreaching."
Hehehe, it's *quality* not *quantity* ;)
sometimes, i feel like i'm bipolar. i might as well be...my whole mood has changed. #ohwell not like it was any better to begin with anyway.
How has Holtby done historically in the shootout?
It's been a long hard night, I've got ways to go.
Drunk neighbors at it again .
I wish "Frothing Bigots" was just a funny band name idea and not an actual segment of voters steering political discourse.
Edwardian is later. Victorian ended with the Queen's death and Edwardian started with her son.
People just make me wanna smack them across the face >:( #SuperAnnoyed!
I'm fairly sure a pizza w/burger crowns is one more reason for the Middle East to hate us.
My #journalism degree was 110 percent not useless for me either - I landed my job straight out of college!
so jealous. Wish I could've come with you guys.
who wants #BEER?! Tonite is #OKTOBERFEST Beer specials ALLNITE wear a beer logo shirt/hat and get in for FREE! Beerbeerbeer
We are all traveling in this mirage of the world, day after day...not knowing that it is a mirage. -Swami Vivekenanda
1 year Anniversay for PD on April 14. Look for our 2 new "local" flavors and store demos that day!
wat is up people
RT IF WHEN READING THIS IT'S LIKE A SCREAMING VOICE IN YOUR HEAD!!!
Omgosh. Already so many posts to share for #mhblogday. This is going to be a busy day. I like it!
More than any player in my lifetime other than cal ripkin its really hard to envision #PeytonManning in any other colors
By this time next week, you'll STILL be recovering from the HF-Twestival.
#SchoolMemories Everyone joining in when you start singing the questions song c:
Getting help from a good-looking guy! Not complaining:D Lol
Christy Carlson Romano had a successful career.
nope. I wish
Hi, welcome, Happy Friday, we have taken all the chairs in the area, and oh by the way we are here till 0730 hrs.
Everyone say it with me (using your best Austrian accent) GROO-nah velt-LEE-nah! It's almost time for
you already know I ride with the Celtics.
Shopping spree is going on....
My Twitter ain't getting no love :)
are you cereal
#LasVegas Please tell us when and what team was the 1st one to come to each cup race with a prepared backup car?
Awww thanks, Tony!
": Relationships are like sports teams. Without the right chemistry you'll never get a ring"* so well put
Thanks!!! RT : #WOW! 15 years! #CONGRATS! RT Whew! One week of anniversary specials down. One week to go.
Life is beautiful. Every moment remembered. Perfectionist? Cannot succeed without failures! Have a laugh. Good night.
dm me ur number ill call u
I didn't even know it was #NationalGrilledCheeseDay but I had one for lunch too! Mozzarella and turkey. Nom nom nom is right ;)
Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms who produce Baby Ragers.
Watching an injury heal always makes me feel like Wolverine.
So we fuck till we come to conclusions, all the things that we thought we was losin'
yeah and I have to work till 2:30.
Hoping everyone has a beautiful, safe, long weekend! Enjoy!
fuck'n up the wildlife... scouts honor...
got your letter yay!!!! Thanks so much! I'll write you back! XO
that is TOTALLY DISGUSTING!!
At first when I see you cry, it makes me smile.
Got to get te money for summer school ..since financial aid don't want to pay for anything no more
Shabazz Muhammad clearly the MVP-favorite at half. 15 points and 5 rebounds.
But yet you cry when people talk about you...
Thanks for the follow! Happy to share wine love
If anyone thinks beauty pageants aren't the exact same thing as youth sports, they are sadly mistaken.
hootsuite went down for a few minutes too.
haha, no problems at all :D
“: RT : anybody who sees this tweet can you follow and i will mention you to 68,o followers”
If a leper gives you the finger, do you have to give it back?
Thank you to our fantastic #NACUA members for making the 2011 Annual Conference in SF a great success! Already excited for Chicago 2012!
Awesome - congrats! Well deserved!
What is in your opinion the best area to live in the Miami area?
You know why Easter is the worst holiday? Dress-shorts.
aww thanks love!! How are you!
Been busy training, becoming unbeatable. Untouchable really. Anyways, ..... jersday?! Thats so lame
Apparently it's illegal to listen to music through headphones.
Bail bonds and pawn shops: the thriving industries of sketchy Las Vegas.
People at Smyth are impossibly nice...
Bad sinus headache today :( If anyone needs me send me a text. I'll be offline today.
#ThatMomentWhen someone inboxes you just to annoy you
Thanks for the post shares bethcrivello!
I like the random big band and jazz songs that #pandora keeps throwing in my station. Not sure how they got there, but I'll take it!
TIP TO REDUCE WEIGHT: Turn your head to the left and then turn to the right. Repeat exercise when offered something to eat...
maybe,maybe not
Since the power is out I went to Pavillions and bought a Tony's pizza. : /
Thank you and for stopping by my table at the Bremen HS craft show yesterday. I really appreciate it!!
Come follow my personal twitter! See what other things I do beside faithful fish :)
Glad the #Spurs got the W but in all honesty that was a nail biting game in the beginning. O well We Won! #GoSpursGo ~ Nite everyone :)
I somehow managed to take every course this academic year either as credit/no credit. Obviously, thats the in me
torture, as always, as well. Sigh
PO-PO on loiter squad is hilarious
how r things?
MKE's United Performing Arts Fund is the largest single funder to each of its 15 Member Groups. Thanks for supporting the arts!
Fight to the death: Full size Mountain back Gorilla v.s. Full size male African Lion? Who wins?
How can you argue with a $10.95 steak dinner on your Saturday date night!?
Hangin with the Pirtle brothers minus ....
Have you seen the episode of Iconoclasts with her and Tarantino?
Definitely going to be a good night ;)
Jenna bitch!!!!!
so many thoughts here....
Hey Ann Mtg! Tonight at 730 is trivia. Play to win $100 off each of your trivia team's registrations for 2013 Ann Mtg (+CASH BAR YO!)
I love twitter. Its legal stalking<U+2665>
Ya dude
What ever happened to equality?
That moment you don't know if you should believe your thoughts or believe him!
#HowToAnnoyFolkAtWork say you need to run to the car to get something and come back an hour later
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your experience and opinions of Nike? Ping back for more info! :-)
It will be a lot of fun. Can only imagine the #craigquotes and #suequotes that will ensue
That ti song love your life go hard b ut wait til I drop that 24 hours a day joint omg lol
Sometimes it be like this
happy birthday, Meanie. Enjoy!! :-D
Yep. Flame Alphabet is indeed more interesting than the GOP debate. Though the prospective future is somewhat less terrifying.
how about "Some Nights"??
Learned vs. taught helplessness. Bad design (& math curriculum) makes people declare themselves hopeless at things.
some men fail to realize when a female truly loves them.and take advantage of em
Actually making a child fat to keep their health and self esteem low, is considered to be
You've got to find some way of saying it without saying it. --Duke Ellington
Al Hirtt , some dixieland, and a marching band of Flaming 'mos :D
I didn't. It took forever to get out of the theate.
I need no negative people or things around me I am happy in my life and that's how I want to be
and I had a great time last night. You guys are great! When's your next show in Boston?
;-) kisses and hugs. Are u over east or still west coast?
Ride or Die, Bonnie n Clyde baby. All Day Urday Urday
Thank you so much!
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me13
I think my liver went on strike. Everyone came back alive... barely.
I'm just to nice of a person.
you really"clown-fearing"I have a daughter like that &she doesn't like mascots,masks
Now that summer is winding down check out some of the galleries that made this one of the best #music summers ever - www.theconcertstage.com
Thx to attendees, volunteers at A Night for Tomorrow, HHC's biggest fundraiser last night! Thx also to , Great night!
#BlessThoseWhoThrewAcross For I fear no evil. Love truth peace freedom and justice. Almighty
And I need to rub out all the notes in the book that SOMEBODY ELSE DID
sounds like you're confused lol
Even in the darkness of the night, my Lord has scattered stars to enlighten my world. How can i be afraid? -EtSk~
What's to all these effn losers though?! #exitstageleft <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><U+2B05>
Stoked!! Seeing Blue October again this Thursday!! Hell yeah! :)
oh i will! I'll hang it on my wall. Hahah
I hate to see (admit to) the tech community undervaluing the energy space. Future energy is so fundamental to economy + security
I punched kevin kinda hard , sorry kevin .
Do you know what it means to miss New Orleans ?..'cause it sure misses you!
me and booboo said we need to try it
RT When I say I was just joking #whatimreallysaying is damn I ain't think you would get mad...
get here before 6pm and get a few things for free!!
The Hawaiian phrase of the day is "Aloha Au Ia 'Oe" and means I love you. Just 1 of the phrases I am learning b4 my trip. See my site.
#RIP Chuck Brown the city goin miss you man long live the father of go~go
Or #insane - lol. You know all about this age group! :-D
lol have you heard those high notes of his? Lol
White people are crazy...
Thanks for following Ben! Looking forward to reading your tweets and connecting.
Thinking about chopping off my mop but idk Ah
Whoever designed those white mostly see thru pants that girls wear is a god in my book
come on bro, you all ready killed the Facebook! Gotta keep up on the PD happenings
I missed the passive aggressive outlet for my anger and frustration, of which Twitter is useful.
Overeem's lawyer is now trying to get a license for the fall. Looking for a shorter suspension than a year. (Sounding awfully guilty)
Getting ready for pre-
Thanks Paul! I'll check out your tips.
hope you choose UK so we can get this 2013 monster class started and have 5 consecutive #1 recruiting classes Banner
Would love to see you THREE very soon... what is going on with game night?
Happy Birthday ! =]
Thanks for a great season, the shot on Virginia, the wins against Duke / UNC, and of course that ACC Championship.
No 1 is going to pick on , do you wonder why?Cause he'll rip them a new 1.More intelligence in his pinky than the rest of the stage.
heck yeah!!!!
it would be nice if u followed me too
if I was a cop you would be in jail.
Vampire Diaries trending worldwide!
yes .. I woked up ugh
What ass is you showing ?
+10 points for the plug!
today is national star wars day MAY THE FORTH BE WITH YOU
dope as fuck so i would really shoot a group of guys up ~
Realizing today that owning a growing business can be very overwhelming at times
I sold out. Today I got an iPhone.
Look at me now!!
"One woman, two men, and a game called Touch Me..." Haha gotta <3 my
well that makes one of us..
kids are making some great presentations on apps & web tools :) yay!
Burnt-food-smell is always the worse thing to get out of the house. And clothes. And the dog.
wishing everyone a wonderful weekend! #TGIF!
DVD cover for Drive
ah, that makes sense. I was wondering how the got all the webpages to stick to the screen - it looks as good as (yellow) paper!
Thank you! RT Thanks for hosting great fundraising event Fri. nigt!
#MegaMillions jackpot rises to $540M, nuts!
pig feet
that's awesome Scott!
Right?? Wouldn't that be awesome!? :(. Miss u
that's not true at all...teams finish last with stud aces...stud qbs dont
my goodness that looks heavenly
back at it homie. Wondering the same w your
Hamilton baseball opening day... Yea man!!
goodluck with the catholic thing! Haha
Wow .. Melanie Amaro w R Kelly... Their performance gave me the chills.. absolutely amazing. Very close finals..
haha I dont think it really does.., I dont know I've never had one removed haha don't worry
Not yet. Busy with Passover prep here :)
WELL I GOT SOMETHING FOR U TO DO
USGA says Blackwolf Run will not play to its max yardage during #USOpenGolf week
Party tomorrow at my friends annies house!(:
Senior pranks are coming does anyone remember the one last year? ya i do
So overwhelmed at work…can I get a clone for a week or two?
Beating your brother in a match of golf>>>> #winning!
This instagram thing reminds me of something that happened way back in the early aughts. Whatchamacallit? Bauble? Michael Buble? ...hm
is doing it right for #MeatlessMonday!
I'm so yolo cause I got ambition cause I get high to balance out my lows
Woke up motivated today! Washed & hand dried the car, starting on my room, & getting to run around with me. #BringItThursday! :D
Noodles & Co. mac 'n cheese for lunch! Yes!
Couple bangers, but not top 5. Shyt!!!! Now you got me playing "Hot In Herre!"
just go drink with them
needs to rejoin the living. All work and no play makes me super boring. :(
I thought they were just trying to optimize traffic light timing
There are some dirty ppl in my world geography class, but then i remember its full of freshman.
it's called Beautiful Things by
Actions speak louder than words. Remember that, Prezzie O.
you're welcome anytime!! :)
Suggestions for a visitor in London, Tuesday evening this week? My only open time - what neighborhood, event, pub? Thanks!
Hahaha and not a moment too soon! Was about to send out the search party
woke up baging B.A.R. u already no boi
Bitches ain't shit and they ain't saying nothing. A hundred mother fuckers cant tell nothing!
And that's worse than perl how? ;)
I think I saw that happen...
I'm excited for the upcoming season. Keep the UA fball tweets coming guys.
New most interesting class: Computers in business. All lecture about hardware, I actually knew more than I thought.
I DM'ed you:)
": F.R.I.E.N.D.S: (F)ight for you. (R)espect you. (I)nvolve you. (E)ncourage you. (N)eed you. (D)eserve you. (S)ave you."
Headed down south tomorrow for some mixing on the new album. Burrito in LA where should we go?
Plenary speaker is the #Bones of architecture. Likes to see a house flayed.
"I have a suggestion for a new name for the developing world. Let's call it the world." Hans Rosling
I'm wide awake! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Happy Birthday
Boy, would I like to take a stab at making a better user experience.
great morning
I hate the fact that most pr releases are file attachments to no-text emails. Bad.
yes! I will happily take care of that problem for you! ;) tummy pretzels
*face palm*
Thanks for the follow! See ya...
Heck yeah!
Unemployment checks pay for beer, wings and child support
Are kettlebells in the gain fitness programming options?
Thankful for the awesome team. They just don't preach teamwork, they mean it! cc:
Just sent my essay off to JEMCS. Fingers crossed!
aw geez I hate typos
No...wait. Wait and see what happens, don't jump back in. Take things slow, sure, and easy. No rebound
If I were Romney, I'd consider #Santorum as VP. Evangelicals and the Tea Partiers would consider voting for a very moderate Romney.
for the better(: u can make a dinosuar(rawr!) happy(;
thats my point exactly. so I don't know why you trying to defend her... Look at what u just said... Its not adding up
yes exactly! I need a new pair of flats!
Strasburg nearly went yard, opp field
Oh my. Now Alex Gonzalez is hurt. The Brewers are cursed.
With Patrick Murphy ... he's an old hat at this, showing me the ropes. Chaplain just passed me a launch mission prayer. Fitting.
The choice is yours
he was like. WTF are you doing here? It's scotch o'clock already?
tell me
Tuesday is Music, Munchies & Margaritas Night. If u can play the guitar, bring it. If all u play is the radio like me, then come enjoy.
We are getting some right now. Through tomorrow. Not happy.
DJ may not play in the masters. See last retweet.
Thanks so much Annie!
Shoutout to for rocking his WT interview!
I miss my boo .
These ribs I'm eating
streams with firefox - having no trouble
Peter: He bought a VW bus & is driving it back to NY. He kinda went AWOL. Me: Sounds fun. Can I do that? Peter: You already did.
nah I never played or know what that is. Lol
That moment when you realize the janitor is hitting on you...and then you look down and realize half your chest is showing. Lovely.
tipped the hawks by 12.....unfortunatly
haha i KNOW you are not talking Ms. President!
I fall asleep to early am now im up :(
My one bestfriend is the one who understands me the most.
Watching a sad movie with the wife. Loud n incredibly close? 911 and a son. Should have kept working.
My theory is that all of Scottish cuisine is based on a dare.
I'm introducing , & to #Kazaxé on Monday!
Hi! I love the loreal one in the blue bottle. It is oil free and very gentle. And, it works!
Greetings, Brick!
Apparently, everyone around me thinks I'm supposed to have something called, "A life." So, I'm going home. So what do I get when I get it?
"got Big Green like the Red Sox"
i didn't know! i like the name of his blog "sokillingman.com" -why didn't i think of that?
Everyone go and follow !!!! She's one of my best friends and I love her SO much! P.S she loves ! ;D
I really like that the first thing I said to this morning was "Wait, what pants?"
praying for your grandma
Yeah I feel you on that one.
Iron Man is a tool, Thor is useless and the rest are kind of boring. Captain America is ok, that's about it.
ha(: welcome if you go on youtube and search pacificrimvideopress you can look at all the videos(:
Time for Avengers viewing #2 ...
I remember 12. Hold on for the ride, it only gets better.
you see Madden signed w wild!? I like it! Good fit IMO!
Listening to Jon Spencer Blues Explosion & getting ready to record.
sure! & your nor bothering me, haha. (:
Goin to be on this account agian but srry not talkin to any of y'all just her to do the usuall(: Also follow my other account
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me. - Kurt Cobain
go to sleep (: LOL
Hot girls and cats?! I think you had the
ah.. Now I'm "clueless"? That's cool...typical loud mouth sox fan...
He look like he sleeping forreal.
it's like over my twitter feed haha
Follow like the rodents that listened to the flute of the Pied Piper down to the pier.
Listening to the worst cover of "Love Shack" ever at Safeway.
oy yey ... we have all thought it - but never said it
Brett Favre retired! Is it really true?!?!?! I sure hope so!!!!
Hey Everyone, DONATE CAN GOODS!!! Where ever you are, there are a bunch of families who need them. God will thank you.
Could always use more followers :)
RT Upcoming shows #AACC: INSIGNIA, & Misha Dacic,'My Afternoons with Margueritte' & much more.
This girl has pink black and green hair. Her boyfriend wears tall tees ... I shall assume they listen to Boosie .
"Tell the story" - Gary Minor
I'm already drinking coffee!
Told her to send me that pic, so I could get a preview....
Wow....Lockhart finally got some, good for her.
i love love LOVE the boyfriend video!!! you keep getting better and better!<333
Hey - how's the karaoke culture in #charmcity?
It's a beautiful day in #SanDiego. What are you doing to enjoy it?
I have so many reasons to let go but I don’t know why I’m still holding on.
Watching NFL this next season isn't going to be the same
Have you checked out our bike paths in BoyleHeights? We are right next to Gold Ln Mariachi Plaza. Stop by our place too!
COME TO AUSTIN NOW
Happy Election year from a friend of Tx for all of your work!
I feel your pain sister and I'm going to shake it off by spastically dancing around the office like Thom.
I ho[p]e this modeling coach likes my photos. -_- *CROSSES FINGERS*
I'm picking you up
nice. I just started feeling 100% today
The promo album we are making for Fictitious is gonna be sweet. Some of the best hip-hop in Seattle right here!
you're probably gonna kill me but I am not coming back this summer. I got an internship! But we should definitely chill in day!
Just got a press release about the next Fashion District event. It's going to be big!!
Carlos Fuentes "I start at 7:30 in the morning and go for five hours. Work for me is a pleasure, both solitary and joyful."
A bit older than that is the classic I Wanna BagIt Up from New Bag City
And that's when the un-following starts ;-)
hello audrina, happy wednesday to you
that made me laugh yesterday when you announced it to the tours. So happy you get to graduate in full garb :D
Thanks for the Retweet Ken. Nothing like sharing some sunshine on a rainy day.
Haha,im going to text you and talk to yo on here,ok?
At 1pm! RT : what time will you start handing out those nifty shirts? 1pm or 5pm? Need to plan my day and it's all...
I am getting on Plenty of Fish, I bet I can find an 18 year old that won't say no on there.
you're having a Justice fashion, starring you
When hitting the gym isn't enough. Reveal's LaserLipo can sculpt your trouble spots in one in-office procedure >>
Ughh how much longer until my friend gets her unlimited texting!?!?! Oh wait! Two more days!
What games today! Looking forward to #Germany vs.
I *NEED* to hear the Glee cover of "Friday."
Über congrats to our intern for being inducted into !!!
it would depend on of it was something I wanted anywa
its MAY today and a while back scooter sed the #BELIEVE tour tickets go on sale in may but what date? #2days #Boyfriendvideo<U+2665>
Off to Spokane & then Hawaii starting early2mrw morning.....it's all biz (except Saturday).....just racking up those miles
revo san Diego's artists include Kelli Murray, Sam Larson, Emily Criscuolo and more!
Follow us on twitter
Hurricane Stories class will read Patricia Smith's Blood Dazzler aloud. "I am a man, a stacker of clean paper./Tiny storms inhale my hours."
My brother has got a severe case of hush mouth after the heat win. Lol.
Trey. RT : Ditto. RT : I heart smart people.
OMG...R U GAY....no fences if ur not
I do. #obvi RT Who wants to fly to Denver, FOR FREE! to see STS9 Jan 13-14 at The Fillmore Auditorium?!?!
can you pretty please with sugar in top wish my sissy a happy 11 birthday she would die and go to heaven!!!
Doing some work, drinking some vanilla porter. I wish I was reading a book, but I'll take what I can get.
oh my goodness--so sorry! one of my colleague's name's is jazmyne and i was just talking to her before i tweeted you! :(
¦ Books worth Sharing ¦ CHILDREN ¦ Star Seeker - Jump to Jupiter with US!! via
Exactly! RT : ...just poor clothing choices :)
Not a space dude but watching this space shuttle discovery final flyover is pretty cool wow right over the trees!!!
haha yah , no gurl i just dont like woman beaters but i can forgive him .
hey! Hit me up when you get to Nashville
me too.
#teamfollowback help him out. He only has 18 followers plz
Yesterday's lectures on "Europe in 1491" and "Early European Colonization" are still generating emails from students...so that is good.
: for sure! I've only got it on my phone- #onlineorganizerproblems. What's your next session?
Raging fire in #Elizabeth #NJ #mayorbollwage call #corybooker right now!!!!
“ I need to order new glasses. ” don't be silly, the blinder the women of the world are, the hotter me and look.
Do u like Miami heat or New York Knicks ? please tell me(:
aw you're growing up are you excited?
Yup. Nearly broke my hip just tweeting that.
Need Florida Lottery Number get it on Hottest Gay Places at www.hottestgayplaces.com
Nomar Garciaparra retires per ESPN. I'm gonna miss that toe-tapping, batting-glove-adjusting son of a gun
Awesome time meeting and chatting with last night. SO excited for her to shoot our wedding! :)
I hope we get to live in a world where receiving attention is somehow "work"!
you love the slick back! Its just gonna be a smaller version lol
I wanna go to disneyland!
[insert knicks fan reaction video]
I graduated with a degree in Business in 1969. In 2000 I went back to school and got an IT degree. Take steps to learn and grow to improve U
That's what is for the next day. :)
Additional NEA future top growth rates: interior designers (19%), architects (16%), writers (15%), multi-media artists/animators (14%).
Yep! every 100th follower scores a $5 #Frenchys card! Don't forget to DM your address so we can send it ;)
will u make my lifr dreams come true and follow me and wish me luck in schooll..i get bullied alot :'(
thanks for the shoutout!
The pro-ACA supporters are increasing! (we don't like to wake up as early ;)
If there's one thing I'm gonna have in college, it'll be a mini fridge filled with Vitamin Water.
Tired,sneezing,coughing,sore throat makes you just wanna curl up in bed with a movie and sleep all day!
2 hours then 4 DAY WEEKEND!!!!!!!
You need ASAP tickets.. I got em.
in response to a question says "How many african americans are in Skelos' conference? and how many does he rep in that room?"
Sleep, baby, I want you back! We've always been so good together. Please don't leave me!
Text "VIP" to 414-335-9569 to reserve a private section with bottle service~ make your night exclusive!
It was so good to see you friend!!! Miss you!
I'm gonna fucking kill you if you don't keep hiding from me
- "got hem" is classic baseball. I always prefer the silent 'h' though "got eeeeeem" - you should hear Phil Simms version
“: When someone walks out of your life, let them. They have just made room for someone better to walk in!”
#Embargo never fails on a Friday. Too much fun.
lol it looks cool
trump is only electable in his own mind. he's a joke in every respect.
Thank God for a new Day!
Pat Birt looks like Mr. Potato Head so much.
thanks for the follow. Hope to hear more about your book!
But if i dont have a friend to spazz with i have my Panda and my internet friends/people for that
I hear "Olive Juice" is nice..
Just another part of my "ohmygod I'm almost 20 and have no idea what I want to do with my life" freak out. Starting to freak
“: you better take good care of your eyes cause they're the only balls you got.” I just fell over.
A little surprised Keller didn't see Futty coming for that one..thats EXACTLY what Portland has practiced - and Futty said as much last week
Thank you so much! I'm working on a halloween track right now called Jack-O-Lanterns. Be on the look out for it.
#MostOverratedMusicArtists Mindless Behavior, most of their non-single songs sound the same to me...
wow... love your work. Thanks for the follow and happy running.
Michigan repealed its mandatory 1967 motorcycle helmet law. Bikers 21 years of age and over, no longer have to wear a helmet.
Enjoyed lunch today with coach Katie O'Brien. Great coach with energetic ideas but VB is not my sport.
willing to always help u out...I am truly so blessed. Would next weekend be a good day to book for studio? ") so we can record
I think I'll watch the State of the Union tonight. Maybe Obama will mention kittens and Boehner will lose it again
Yup RT What was the answer? Molitor, Yount, Weeks?
We do! Are you excited for #BOYFRIEND ? #3HOURS :) it'll be midnight here, so ill prob be asleep lol :p
TweetCaster RT : What mobile Twitter App do u use? I use Echofon. Maybe yours is better?
Hey everyone! What did you think of last nights game and
SAME :( RT Dear rain, I love you but please don't destroy my curls today. Love, the girl who never takes an hour on her hair.
Truthiness! Like in Wikipedia . . .
if I come by 5pm can I still get home delivery tonight ? what's the cut-off time for same day delivery ?
hahaha what a bad, definitely should have known that lol
mike n holly. rt @ Eliz_Mcflyer Eliz_McFlyer_Judd who won bachelor pad? michelle and graham or holly and mike? x
Welcome to Twitter!
Well, going back to the tweet that started this, your man Rush made that claim today, 12:15 CDT. That's the tweet you responded to.
forest lake pride!
Some people need for everyone to agree with them. I don't have that virus. You don't agree with me, I'm cool with it. (Dr Gloria)
what a great specialty area! will follow your tweets wtih great interest - what is your experience with e-discovery?
just killed a fly with my cognitive neuroscience book, good to know it's good for something
I bet there are a lot of golfers named Bubba in South Carolina
Mermaid Avenue Volume I couldn't come soon enough for me...
l'amour pur est une drogue
SEE now yu see selena gomez how she really is its ashame for your son to do that stuff huh?well we kno u taught him better!!
3 yrs ago changed my life. Moved to LA to follow my dreams. Can't wait to rock w at the Playboy Mansion 2night!
There is not competition. The team here go follow:
And they should have blonde Tina Fey co-host! Whatshername? Oh yeah, Amy Poehler.
: see queers on the street and know we're all going to the same place (sex worker advocacy fundraiser in Toronto)
Just made a big batch of organic black bean soup for this week!
. Hi there. Sorry about your troubles! When you come to DC where are you staying?
I hate #School it's boring and I don't feel good/:
k. So me and you are gonna have a problem. Im related to the Texas Chainsaw Massacre-ER, remember? Give me hailee back.! :)
I wish Indiana and California weren't so far apart :) I think we'd have fun thrifting and wearing our breast fed babies :)
Whew. We really are word nerds. I love it. Now, back to Christian Gray, that troubled, rich, smooth talker. LOL
Cmon jackrabbits! I went to Northern...but I still know what Gypsy Days is!
THANK YOU FOR PICKING MY NAME IN THE RAFFLE!!!!!! I can't wait to pick my program!!!!
you're very welcome. Thanks for the follow back.
A thorny issue. What do you think?
Happy Mothers day! Without our mothers, who would we be? And where?
Some claim to be your right hand man when in reality they roll like they are bolo, think like they are bolo & talk like they are bolo FK EM
I get a little vanilla/choc swirl, root beer & cake batter yogurts, then add berries, gummy bears & cookie dough!
gorgeous!! Any idea, even tentative, on a wedding date?
GIRL. I saw it ALL today. A man on a bicycle shot a booger out his nose...while biking at full speed. NASTY!
Karaoke at broadway ale in samo...sweet caroline. Check.
You are the 2nd player ever at UK to shoot 47% FG, 46% 3PFG, 82% FT or better in a single season (minimum 100 attempts for each).
peace and love rusher i love BTR
#Offline for a while(:
My beautiful wife will be on today! She is awesome. Watch it and see her live!
Watching the wonderful vegan actor on CSI NY right now.
Brand new pants...ink stained. Let's hope the dry cleaners can work their magic.
Yep, forecast changed. Inland areas are still near 80 and sunny today. Coast is much lower. It happens. Not funny 2 me :oP
Focus on possibilities and connect success with action! www.IamINC.biz
I don't like you -____-
The truth. The only thing that will get done is what we want to do.
One day I'm going to name my son Carl. That way every time he enters a room I can say, "Carl...Good to see you!"
Nope. Already tried. Pretty sure it's impossible. Try to lick your own tummy. Go ahead - I'll wait here...
KATY PERRY ET?! But where's kanyeeee?!
If only I could separate from myself. I need a time out.
goofing off as usual
Great #Switch longboard sesh and now it's time for #TheHungerGames :) HAPPY BIRHTDAY !!!!!
which one do u want my ipod number or my phone number??
what time EST will you be showing the Olympic trials on tv?
Thank you guys #FollowForFollow #FollowMe #LoveMyFollowers soon as Twitter lets me follow you I'll!! Love you!
My great-aunt who lived many years in the Quarter on Burgundy. First taxi ride I ever took alone was to her house for a visit.
Delicious Cheezzy Nachos with sour cream & quacamole and Ice cold Margarita! Now that is satisfaction! Come on in what R U ESPERANDO!?
And sometimes, when you are very lucky, you just choose the best wheat bread the market can offer.
Happy Mothers Day :)
No I get a new one every year
Thankful for poets & writers, actors & musicians, audience & inventors. Grateful for 140 characters!
Dudes tweet to tell ya when they beatin off, now? #pause! RT : be sure to love YOU, cuz I love the shit out of me.
The White Coat Ceremony will be August 6th (Monday) 2012. Let us know if you need info on travel or hotels in the area!
Seen any inspiring UI/UX you can pass along?
Yea I'm single.....so what.
watching recorded #cma a day late... gotta love award shows
Everybody's breaking up!!!!! Shettttt!!
THE BATHROOM!?!?!
Kevin Garnett about to cry and ish...
Oh , I'm so glad I found you
Thanks Ori. Any help spreading the good word is appreciated! (CC: )
I enjoy adult beverages but not everyday of the week. Guh!
I feel unworthy, dude! lol
it is so loud up in here
Seniors Undertreated for Asthma, and Many Skip Inhalers: Study
We welcome the RAIN Cii Corporate Staff and Customers coming from all over the world to New Orleans and !
Why is it that when we "skate on thin ice", we can "get in hot water"?
Not sure which song us worse-Call Me Maybe or Friday
#FF Austin's El Sistema program joins the Twitterverse
Good news: dude in the apartment above me has good taste in music. Bad news: he sucks at playing guitar. Worst news: he has an amp.
Anyone have a reference for what capabilities makes a "platform a platform"? IMHO I think it varies on platform type...
“: #LosLynx got SO much appreciated love today at the Vikings game! Thank you! #powertothefemale” you deserve it!
Triple-Advil #fastpitch softball practice tonight. Ouch!
Hello There? How Do You Do???
& the people in the houses all went to the university, where they were put in boxes & they came out all the same.
Bugger - I've now manager to get my ticket to Eurovision all done and printed, but not Mums! Should be fine! (I hope)
With little to no break-in time and a sting free experience, the Miken Super Soft series is pure comfort! Get yours now!...
I text u a while ago but u never text me back. U too busy. I've been keepin up w ya brotha.
Omg emily !
Thanks for the follow Mary Jean. Gotcha back!
": Alshon Jeffery's big hands and leaping ability looks awfully good for the Rams about now". ... Kalil in the 1st, Floyd 2d
Ugh ever want to pull an all nighter but at like 7. Start t doze off and then u chug some coffee on an empty stomach. Yea not fun
WHAT ARE YOUR PLANS FOR MEMORIAL WEEKEND??
Never realized how curly my natural hair is.
If you're looking for quality TV tonight, check out "Being Elmo" on
Goodnight ya'll
where have you been :')?
i'm still tired.
Perhaps the future Peter saw wasn't because of the fighting universes, but war with the Observers.
I could watch Geno videos all day!!
Thanks ! Appreciate the help
i was rooting for travis porter but whatever.....anyway who the hell was that jamaican dude on stage..lmao
'Where the Wild Things Are' Author Maurice Sendak Dies at 83. Source: ABC NEWS. More on his life and iconic book on World News.
Learning is improvisation off a database of information and facts
JUST HAD AN AWESOME IDEA!! when I get a car, its gonna be red, Im gonna get Mahomie written on it, and imma call it the ACMmobile! <3
Watching Stuart Scott on makes me change the channel as soon as hear him. This guy is brutal.
Thank you for sharing Erin!
Thank you to all the bad asses that made it to the show last night! We <3 you
Make that lemonade Grrrrl!!!!!! Love it!
Watched #TheNotebook last night with a whole new perspective. Now it's just way more sad with way more tears.
I don't think some people realize that
So what is the worst song in the world?
my glasses broke . I need you to do me a HUGE favor
Thought I was getting a break. Nope.Back to more work.
You look lovely! I remember seeing those at Urban some months ago. Nice find.
I can't cheat on Mary Jane like that
Always do right - this will gratify some and astonish the rest. -Mark Twain
so, if that's the reason, why didn't he just say so days ago?
Hope you're having fun, have a great first leg!
I wish I could retweet this haha when do you leave?
The type of woman I am is hard to find
Thanks #Tropicana #AC for sending me a comp room then when I call tell me I don't qualify. Really great marketing technique
Why are there so many songs about rainbows?
Thank you Louisville! The path keeps getting better...
meeting in the lobby, right?
Don't know if anyone saw that, but its about time we turned NJ into Jurassic Park
Thanks for letting us know about that article.
thanks man, we all appreciate the support!!!
U can add me on skype(:
We're not friends; We're not enemies; We're just strangers with some memories.
“: when does the studyin for ethics start?” NEVER MUHAHAHAHA
..show you never ending love
lmfaooooooo fomf... I miss you pal
Interesting! I did not know that xD
Yes we are absolutely open. Follow us at
Yesterday: -17 Today: Not even wearing a jacket. Flagstaff you are a strange place.
5 bucks for an entire pizza? umm.... why the fuck not?
How are you achieving this #JustSayNoToTanLines ? ;)
i'm not over you.
A compliment is a compliment. Take that shit & suck it up nucca.
Tony Romo is trending why, did he throw an INT already,the season havernt even started yet lol
Miyamoto Musashi was apparently the Michael Jordan of samurais. Survived over 60 duels and would sometimes not use his sword!
I can't wait until it get hot !
Today was fun, but i'm tired as fack.
So are we, thanks. MT : Excited 2 announce the Dodge will be returning 2 Newark this year!
right. That's cool though. Which one....
In Turnkey Sports poll, execs asked fave NBA All-Star experience. Hoping to skew results, vote for #client Taco Bell Skills Challenge, all!
My beeper just played "Hey Jude" #fate #lovelife <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
same to you Mark!
what's the announcement??
Honored to be speaking at Wake Forest University tonight. Looking forward to seeing many Returned Peace Corps Volunteers!
Thanks Gina, a very thoughtful review, continued success to you!
can i slowly make love to you in your sleep. I promise I wont wake you.
Pete reading The Crying of Lot 49 is my Mad Men spoiler of the day.
The Mayweather/Cotto fight is tonight. Cotto is no joke. Gave Pacquiao a run for his money.
FBI all over a house on Raymond. Busted the local crack dealer.
told my ma I was too hungover to go out to lunch with her.. I hope she understands my struggle lol
A friend's status said "muppets make me smile" & I start playing Lily Allen's "Smile" in my head. Damn it brain! Stop making annoying leaps!
May we be what we were gifted by the Holy Spirit to be. And may we, like Simeon, be "righteous and devout." Luke 2:25-28
I like the smiley faces you use btw, haha
Support + Business = Strong Economy Strong Economy + Jobs = Strong Workforce Strong Workforce = Lower Unemployment
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue represent freedom until they are flashing behind you."
I truly appreciate that!
Hope DT ain't read my last tweet tahaha!
Women - more emotional intelligence and men - more stuff intelligence.
girl i know how much you really want somebody, <3
oh, boy. Sounds glorious.
Hey Charlie I was wondering if u had any Time to do a interview to help out my New YouTube Series called In Focus With MJR
It still makes me sad to see paper waning in the world of media. Kind of ironic since I am such a digital media junkie.
Artists - don't forget to bring your art on a flash drive or cd tonight!
We're in a sports bar & sound is only on the Giants game, so we've been making up our own "Reggie Miller commentary". Seems we were spot on.
KTD loves humor: If we ever get tired of KTD as a name for a design studio am thinking DesignKickassery might be nice
New, yes. Dunno about improved. lol Thanks!
RT : . describing her grandfather Jacques' crew: "red watch caps, camera in one hand, bottle of wine in the other"...
Nursing Homes Disaster Plans: Big Gaps Found In Emergency Preparedness Response
#alicebucketlist RT to fulfill the wish of a teen girl with terminal cancer to trend on twitter
My ballsy prediction ... #ChrisDavis will finish with better 2011 #s in an Os uniform than #Reimold, #Pie, #Andino, #Scott and #Wieters ...
Results are normal for me, am I missing something?
Happy mothers day :)
Ima show you show you how much you're understood.
Our thoughts and prayers are with those remembering 9/11 today.
Whoop! Rain at Petco!
Ha, I'm game. Just need to find the rest of our cult members, first.
so I ordered something off your new site but something wasn't a required field that should have been lol
doing good. Thanks
You're obese when you buy a hula hoop and it fits your waist!
TODAY IS THE DAY! The #WSSMiami is going down! See you there!
May is Women's Health Month! Smile ladies! (and don't forget to brush)
Feeling okay today. If I could just find my flash drive, then that would be love
Sometimes people are beautiful, not in looks. Not in what they say, just in what they are.
not yet. Sucks I'm holding off on buying a nw laptop until the new MacBook pro comes out. Should be April or may.
I'm a proud Alabamian tonight. Over the moon, really.
: "I don’t find that too hard to do either. I'm also distracted by guacamole and often do things before you realize" haha
Megan fox is pregnant :( Congrats to her on being a new mommy. But dang I wanted to be with her
It's one thing to not know the answers. But to say "these aren't football questions" and blow it off? That worries me.
Congrats to Geisinger Health System for making the 2011 list of "Most Wired Healthcare Providers."
uhm...do i even know you?
havent been on here in a while
Have love/hate relationship w/ my hometown, but deeply appreciative so many folks hold open doors when I'm on the cane. Thanks,
Can you give me a shout when you are around? . I need a favor. :)
Ang ur zest 4 Life & ur laughter r as big as ur boobs! UR a gr8 add to the show Mob Wives!
have a Happy Thanksgiving!! May God bless you!!
lol ignore my last tweet. Clearly someone hacked me!
Awwe! I'M the blessed one, best friend! You're the best friend I've ever had who's so far, yet whom I feel closest to! #ILOVEU!
Have you released whos getting the may voxbox?
Kind of obvious, no?
Anyone at the bellagio want to start a 25/50 HA with me? There's a game running but 6 on the wait
If he wasn't being totally serious, it would be hilarious. Vote independant non-white guy for Gov!
will keep an eye out for you!
Whats meant to be will find its way :]
ditto!! Hope you have a blast at
One more week till #Cali!! Woot woot! Party with the Keelans. Ya you guessed it: Party->On.
Now following thanks a lot man i hope u subscribe to www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87 and my team are them 2 x champs
RT : That's bcs #AHA and #MLA believe that #altac and ac ppl need to collaborate. Plus, #altac is exc career choice.
working on new charts and arrangements....
It's me.. LadyMacbeth.-writer, main character and part time murderess..
How Come its so easy to get Cody Simpson and Alli Simpson to follow you but its so hard to get to follow you? <3
Please follow me(; 24
I have horrible sleep deprevation. Kill me now<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Fuck wit a player tomorrow night I'm trying to go bowling with all my friends
": Sucks.. You showed me how to play the game and I beat you."
Good news: Short Cake baked goods will now be available at Intelligentsia coffee spots in L.A. A buttercup and a latte? I'm in.
call his twin
I enjoyed speaking at Faith Lutheran's Business Advisory Council this morning on "How to Protect your Business in a Litigious Society"...
noo we're all just gonna say what we feel and she is too
Awesome -- will be following closely from DC!
thanks Carol!
"It's so wonderful to be in a room full of great storytellers " via (referring to all the bloggers)
I am proud of you re: amendment pettition in Florida
this is not looking good Packers fans...
#worstbreakupexcuses "my parents are making me break up with you"
Thanks good brother! 06!
my ideal career seems to be: nomadic goat herding in the desert (aka Midian life sans being destroyed by God)
Exceptionalism!! RT : Walker calls previous jobs progress measurement unreliable, even though it's method used by 49 other states.
One week closer
how are things? 'tis been too long ... we should catch up on my next trip to #mke!
in the afternoon? my shift starts at 10:30 -_____-
Happy Valentines day to all! Enjoy the day!
When me & him would fall asleep on the phone >>> (: miss those days . I miss him.
So much to do today
is there a closing date set for ? HELP :-(
30 Minutes to go before my Tournament of Champions begins we are playing for $1k winner take all
I have pudding. Therefore, I feel I can make the claim that in this instant, right now, my life is better than yours.
SO MUCH COKE
Where else can you get apartments with TVs in the living room and the bathroom!?
Planned Foreclosure- A game of delayed pain and legal bills! TAKE A DIFFERENT APPROACH! Mercedes Martin Realty can inform you!
Great interview! Can't wait to see Men in Black
Students having silent discussions on paper used #socmed tools, #hashtags and likes - 21st meets 20th c. for great discussion!
I'll be there at ten. You should bring the Medifast staff out to watch me make cashiers feel uncomfortable.
A baby doll for kids that appears to say "crazy bitch". The story at 10.
haha. It's another world.
No dope. No hope.
& I keep going back.
"I don't even like oil." -Trey Comeaux
Writing my #2012 resolutions and putting them on the wall. This year, I will hit them all!
hahaha. You're just plain awesome. :D
I feel so excited and proud of those who have become a part of the journey. Please be sure to create a profile at www.kissandim.com/register
that was the point (:
and nits are of course at the core of nitty-gritty
OH HO HO! I SEE WHAT YOU DID THERE!
Conflating stylization with sexualization. Most avatars are stylized; sexualization is mostly a component of female avatars though.
Q: How do you know if your boyfriend has a high sperm count? A: You have to chew before you swallow!
A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five.
if the broncos don't get Peyton what need should they address first?
hey hun, check your DMS from me!! write back please
Sure will! Thank you so much!
#fridayreads I suppose I can count "Mysterious Benedict Society" since my daugher finished it without me. I am technically still reading it.
Not a problem! EROCK
Thanks for the follow Cheryl!
It was a lot of fun, I did both a sports and a news internship with them so I was there about a year!
MMG Untouchable X Rick Ross
yes he is. Allstar wide receiver and future Hall of Famer!
I love Y<U+263A>u so much! Justin bieber!!
I logged when I clicked link I am not sure how to deny app I did not know I was down loading an app?
Yeah, in a non-smart move, I submitted my bracket on Monday. Fortunately, the soc dpt ppl are cool w/ the gamesmanship of it all,
$ 2.00 Draft Beer From 5pm-8pm, Stella, Spotted Cow, Fat Tire, Newcastle, Blue Moon, Riverwest Stein. CHEERS!
I'm going to miss you too! We will do something before I have to go!
doesn't fucking matter I lost him again!!!
Sunburn under the knees may be one of the worst places to have it. Cannot cross my legs or wear pants. Ouch!
Jerry Coleman just read the worst lineup ever.
Watching Texas vs Texas A&M football on ESPN classic. I can't wait for college football to return next year.
Awww i found my signed brittanya poster , ive been looking for it <3
my perfect world: single table. Top 8 MLS cup. Bottom three docked 1, 2, and 3 points to start next season...top 3 to CCL
Oakland ca. How I missed thee
I just saw a guest star on a rerun of "without a trace" on a quaker oat square cereal in the adverts of said episode. Trippy. :)
Hahaha only black tar? kidding
Time to do some
I can't stand silent phone conversations!! What the hell did you call me for if your just going to breath in my ear.
1 month introductory offer works better than other time frames. Gives you more time to convince them to love yoga. Hook them!
I love Joffery! I love the fact that we will probably see him die painfully.
I get that 2! Work stress, lots of stimulation on those poor little eyeballs. Take a break and shut them for a few min.
Hope all my DJ friends have a great set tonight. xo
Dear college students of America: as much as I appreciate the opportunity, I don't have time to conduct your lit review for you.
A twitter after 's heart:
Good day today: finished 2 outlines, a reading response wksheet, started another outline, watched Breaking Dawn again & got my nails done :)
life needs to be a musical
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step. - MLK
Google + is amazing!!
#OomfNeedsTo stop tweeting...
Long Term parking is about to get interesting downtown
Nice call blue
then u put my name after the message or ppl r gonna think that it's to me not them n I no moa my phone
"I was one of the children hidden by these lies"
Are fireworks legal inside city limits of #Homewood?
All is well here at the office. Keep us updated on your upcoming events. You guys going to tomorrow?
So I went hang gliding today... what craziness will I get into tomorrow???
Any suggestions for a new Twitter username for me? Not sure if my full name is a good or a bad idea.
pull up to that mikey D's serve a nigga real quick
Ugh - a guy just took 10 minutes to park his Hover Round on the bus! At least I finally found someone worse at parallel parking than me.
I worked 18 hours this week. I love my route. Fuck doing two
because you live in ontario, like a haha
Am I insane going to Fiesta Tx in the 104 heat?!? Yes. a little bit.
Friendly reminder - don't buy any tix for tonight's Counting Crows show over face value ($45), we routinely cancel scalper tix!
#Don'tBeScared To Go Green And Help The Planet. :)
If your #Newyear'sresolution has anything to do with #gettinghealthy #losingweight etc...I can help :) Let's chat about your goals!
not sure about the whole premise of this blog.....but, I do like where your heads are at. Great idea in theory. Keep up t/g/w!
Been listening to this Lecrae Mixtape all day.
#relationships Take a moment and share a kind thought with your partner . . .
if I have the car then no problem
MAKE MONEY ONLINE ptchelpbux.blogspot.com MAKE MONEY ONLINE
I feel like writing some music... Need some inspiration :)
But I'm holding you closer than most, 'cause you are my heaven. <U+263A>
bottom line: cardinals who just WON the world series interviewed sandberg IN PERSON. cubs did not. something wrong there
Where are they playing?
Bitches lol at my auto correct
I hate when that happens. I always get benched for trying to steal and not being fast enough initially.
Thanks for the follow! Happy holidays to you!
May Day is Lei Day in Hawaii :D Happy May Day!!
#PSU interim prez - healing won't begin until all facts r uncovered. Could've been healing for yrs now if people stood up/acted.
Come on, you won't fail until you try!
sure doll! You've got a nice voice keep up the good work!
You can hate me now dumb ass I'll see you in the next life honor thy mother and father and your days will be long upon the earth.
Thank you! I hope the sliver lining is lobster and steak. =)
I hope you and the rest of the guys have a happy new year. P.S. awesome show and music.
let me know! we miss you btw!
Looking forward to our headquarters grand opening Saturday morning at 10:00 4641 Mack Road. Hope to see you there!
It occurs to me that Nietzsche would've been a terrific philosopher for Twitter. He could convey much in 140 characters. So could Seneca.
#Riseandwine Fabulous Friday has arrived! rockin Buffalo tonight!
awesome :) enjoy!
I shoulda picked you up in LA, taken you to Vegas & staged the fight in the MGM Grand. I coulda been the next Don King
I wish you'd follow or rt me... You don't know how much that'd mean to me... But that'll NEVER happen/:
OMG, big big changes again for FB. Was on a webinar today getting the golden nuggets....TIME FOR CHANGE. Are you ready?
Life Course theories state that there are turning points in one's life in which they determine whether to commit crime.
THAT's what Emily's looking for! A guy who's stable & all about family. She gives 1st rose to Doug (did I call it or what?)
Excited to have Cristina Pattuelli to talk about #lodlam and her Linked Jazz project!
I'm made of wax Larry, what are you made of? - A Day To Remember
": People who strive to be different are beautiful. Those who follow society are Basic and Boring!!!"
that is AMAZING!
Had a packed day with campaigning in Bourbon, Harrison and Pendleton counties, followed by a fundraiser in Northern Kentucky.
need friends. so lonely. 18 at home and have nothing to do. help me!!
color blocking manicure, very cute!
I'm convinced that life is 10% what happens to me & 90% how I react to it. And so it's with you, we're in charge of our attitudes. Anonymous
Maybe, but Boston w/a rejuvenated Big Ticket??
Morning my loves! =)
We need some new music artists...
Thanks! I like you too. Had a great time at your North Beach Pub Crawl, thanks for having me.
You sure can smell Fall in the air!
um excuse me, why isn't in my bed right now? I require sexy time.
Thank you to everybody for wishing me a Happy Birthday yesterday!!!
Lol, I'd probably have things to tweet about. And even if they were stupid, people would still retweet it because I said it.
Is Fox Sports Radio simulcasting the fights tonight?
I wished I cared more about the Tony's than I actually do.
I'm start to do it more I'm a bird who needs to tweet lmao
awe that still sucks!
I think it's about that time again for Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman to make another perfect movie.
Watching the #CNNdebate on National Security. This should be interesting...
is headed to snowy #kentucky and #tennessee to hand select barrels of #woodford and #jackdaniels for the #mgmgrandlv!!
We're all about spreading the Gaga love. Thanks for the support!
in Frankfort meeting re. current historical trends and what is next for KY history documentation. Cool discussion with really smart people
"Like" Truffles Catering at the Belvedere's facebook page between August 1 and August 31 to be entered to win a tailgating package for 20!
before new TMNT series comes out
thanks so much! we are on our 2nd year! feel free to post your awkward moments
no one can drive me to the talent show, so im stuck at home...):
you're doing my presentation for me! Note that we left brochures about Collaboratory on table in DH room.
dont know what you 2 r talking about but this is hysterical! : I'VE GOT TO DO THE NEWS! *pushes random guy*
Never get attached to something that wasn't yours in the first place.
Think ima go for some #hibachi #chicken,shrimp,n steak
:( RT : RIP, Dick Clark. "For now, Dick Clark...so long."
I want to stab someone and then jump into a pool.. Of their blood.
Even keeled Rich Waltz is no fun. If that play at the plate would have happened yesterday Waltz goes nuts.
Engineers could once eat lunch inside the computer (air conditioning) -- an amazing journey from that point!
Where are you this time? You never showed, I'll never know.. How could you just let me go?
watching the draft from twitter is already so awesome!!!
Have a wonderful day my loves
TY 4 including us in your top stories #Jerusalem #Israel ! We appreciate u viewing us as a source 4 sharing w/others!
I can't direct message you back because you're not following me
I'm hoping for triple OT
Keep the music thumping.
Chest up, eyes up, prayed up, beasted up... You can add messed up, too cause my Pipster confiscated my Hittsburgh shirt & slept in it.. PIP!
Off to hopefully put a dent in my photo documentary project, then to put it all together tonight and maybe even wash my hands of it all.
Remastering Julie True's newest CD "Heaven's Embrace" today.
“: If Jesus Christ is all you have, you have everything you need.”
hey you, I sent it, let me see what happen...sent it the same day i dm you
I win c;
need help?...
thanks for the RT!
I don't like you either so now
snagged a whopping 27 gift certificates to local restaurants as prizes for #movember! more info coming soon! tell your friends!
On the bright side, #RedSox lost...to Bruce Chen.
Jasmine forever in my heart! So sad! You left earth yesterday and you are with the angels! #RIP my friend!
You picked me up, breathing life in me, I owe my life to you but for the life of me,
So last night this chick from Boston gon tell the crew she really from North Carolina, b/c she says things like "Finna"
I'm obviously rooting for Liaison because his jockey is wearing neon pink and green polka dots
what if it was u
1/2 Planes for campaigning are not new to #WV politics. Manchin, Raese & Rockefeller - big fan of planes to get around our state.
Unedited: Gizmodo Wishes a Happy Birthday to Our Brian Barrett [Announcements]
#IHateItWhen my damn iPod dies in the middle of my favorite song! ! -.-
These gone be the last trips for the Lakers lol
I can't decide what I hate more. Paying for Cold #Pizza or Warm #Beer in
Stupid slut. -.-
Wow! After being stuck in Raleigh at a garbage hotel and massive miscommunication due to your merger, I then have to deal with (1/2)
hope you do too...i'll say it again to make your day extra great - good luck in hoops tonight.
~> RT Thank you Peyton Manning for the last 14 years. And, good luck to & his team as they rebuild a great team.
dont got school tomorrow gonna sleep all day
Hangin' out with Victor made me miss New Orleans even more!
what Where are you from baby
": Why is everyone wearing sunglasses at the Grammys?" The bling in the room is too bright!! Lmao Good question!!! :)
they dont handle it too well...
RT Also I have done all my readings. Now I just need to do all the exercise problems in seven chapters of maths text. >.<
it's a rainy day in texas... how's the weather where you are?
Comic Con + Going to Forks, Washigton = best summer ever :)
Racing SUP is very cool. Was in a heated battle for last place this weekend - had a blast! Good to be out! Thanks Northwest Paddle Festival.
After Mother's Day and Father's Day, we let kiddo designate Kids' Day. Last year we went to the botanic gardens to celebrate!
I met zack from All Star Weekend! Such a sweetheart!
yeah I'm interning with a theatre in dc and looking for a job now, but I really like dc for now. How's amazon?
The QnA with is surprisingly informal and helpful for us as a youth council
Came home to cold beer in the fridge and a new tank of propane.
"I think if you're bored, you're boring." (Tim Blanks)
one directioner. <3 follow me if you're one too! (:
I hate waiting on people!! -__-
Hey I'm Jadens Cousin I can Prove it
lol c'mon son! She's not hot, shes gorgeous! Hope you get some time and enjoy people more than planes Alex!!
Thanks for the follow. Digging your social media blog!
1. Now that I have hair, it's hard to see on a windy day. I forgot about this problem.
THE VOICE: Who was better: Chesa or Juliette on #TheVoice?
He said you so proper. I said u so ghetto,
oh so you want a list... Redd Foxx, Richard Pryor, Paul Mooney, Tony Woods, Stephen Lynch, the AMAZING Mitch Headburg RIP, AND U!
Not in the "happy zone". <:(
A strip club is now following me. That would be the first time a stripper looked at ME!
me either lol ...its gonna be longest two weeks of my life
Heading downtown soon for the Boston Tea Party Reenactment at -- time to make tea for the fishes!
i don't let every 1 see my hands their are a gift from God but your cute i'll send u a special pic just for u lol
fine. done. fuckin dogs r out
Not one taxpayer dollar and I created jobs and i am still doing it today. America, I don't need a stimulus to create jobs
I showed her the suggestion on my phone and she took the hint.
Going to see a show at or this week? Bring in your tix stub and we’ll buy you a drink!
hey chris doesn't know so and hes repiled to me over 50 tomes
JUST LANDED IN SC. WAITING FOR SARGEANT TO COME AND TAKE ME TO BCT.
I know that's right lol we such howerat lol
Some groups are already booking thier Holiday Parties for 2010. Think ahead and grab the date and space you really want!
oh I am so ready. Glad you're coming.
Man the morning shift does fly by.. 3.5 hours left in this day for me.
Towel-dry your hair thoroughly before using a blow dryer. You'll save time and avoid damaging your hair with too much heat!
omg! that sucks...I hope that doesn't happen to me....
Everyone in Chicago! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
RT : Damn all this bees at trb #Rockies game I would of been out
Oh yeah? Well, my mom can beat up your mom!
#ThingsIDislike men that sag ugh
aww haha i miss you to :P i was actually layin in bed last night and thinking about you :O we havnt talked in forever!!
Damn!!! Hear Say Can Get A M/F Executed #Troy Davis
i wish i meet JB;D
is one of my absolute favorites.
I am so in love with my #superangeljuicer it's like a year of life was poured into in a glass and drank it
Going ouut far awaay and going too look at the stars <3
#CNNLive getting BALLSY! Should've tried that sooner, maybe your dad would have GOP nomination!
and yeah this whole series has been ridiculous injury wise...at least Boozer's showing up for a change
Just got bit by a mosquito. Ugh, is it winter yet?
Starting to put Christmas away until next time. Excited to see what this new year holds!
ok..so dont use hot water when washing ur face. Try using a cleansing cream vs a face wash.Pat dry, dont rub. Buy a humidifier!
i do plan on breeding wolf dogs in the future....
hey guys just want to do a shout out to she is my first follower plz everyone else follow me and Rubye!
Got a pinch teary reading your final post. Looking forward to reading your work for JSOnline. Thanks! - MushroomCloudMoFo
Happy Mothers Day to the women in my life that go thru so much that we don't know the half of; it shows true strength to raise a child!
If you ever want to see someone's head implode from crippling indecision, watch me pick out greeting cards.
I'm saving up for Thursday :) I hope the curry ketchup is back. I plan on eating 700 fries
I don't know what yall been thinkn but for my birthday all I want is more Ben Franklins... Yaaahh!!..
I'm not normally one to agree with claims of racism, but I agree with u on this season of
Yes, not sure why there wasn't commentary. I believe may have put it together on their own...
Who will you celebrate #stayhomereadball with?
Mine is mostly my grandmother :/
I just finished a 1.35 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
New to the Chocolate Library! Vermont Nut Free Chocolate in bars and boxes. Come on down! 111 St. Marks Place btw 1st & A
everyone jokes how Noel's flattop resembles Will Smith's, but I'd say Shabazz's look and voice resembled Steve Urkel more
RIP... W.H. You are one of my earliest fav. I'll always remember your voice.
Do u tell yourself that u "deserve" bad foods to justify eating them? We should all be saying don't eat this b/c I DESERVE to be healthy!
Colleague is talking to ppl for opening day. I call BS if he meets intriguing, yet elusive westside kid for great story.
u look like Catherine Zeta-Jones.
I was still masked in my early 30s, too. By 40, I had mostly given it up ... except when I made a deliberate choice
Water is sporadic in the Irish Channel - back to a trickle now.
Christel House congratulates our Founder, Christel DeHaan, for making a difference through education around the world.
Pure Michigan commercials
&Show me why you deserve to have it all .
I love that sound that happens when you empty your trash bin on a Mac. So nice.
i got my mega million ticket
Obviously, you're not a golfer this weekend at Howard Community College. Thu-Sat 8pm, Sun 3pm
i think you were at powerplant tonight!!!
should be there in 10 min
"If you're going to be crazy, you have to get paid for it or else you're going to be locked up." Hunter S. Thompson
are you moving back here!?!?! hang sesh? Im moving back to LA in July
you would be spilling chocolate milk. Like chocolate people. Hahaha
So long day ahead of me! Missing the family a lot today. When I do I go harder at my goals so I can get them close to me again. Let's get it
A1 From a strategic perspective, I'm hearing the same. What's the best advice on whether a company needs to develop an app
Man your kitchen up with empty #Beer bottles around the top of your cabinets. Just tell your wife their
no, it's just been really fucked up. Could hardly make calls or texts
. Now that we've got the mid-season premiere of Glee covered, think you guys can swing by the MI Capitol & report on that? Thanks!
HAHA I KNOW! i love it
Good for you! I want to do the same to Facebook.
Welp, today has rapidly gone downhill.
banks are banks are banks... no difference, you're right
Hold us to it... no more online poker this weekend...
Agree! Finale was amazing! Really looking forward to next season! I love this series. Truly a gem!
arvo2010: Development of a Redness Scale for Morning Eye Congestion - Stephanie Breton , May 3, D937
Im tried ; While the girl next to me is acting like she just ate a whole shitload of candy ; What is going on?
How to Monitor Your Brand on the Web for Free
I knocked the fuck out after that lengthy workout! But I guess nothing worth having is easy!
"You are my first and my last. And you are the one in betweens." -Hall Pass
Lebron is such an actor
RT : Right on the verge of the breakthrough is when the storm hits hardest. Press in! Your miracle awaits!
Post your music/playlist/EP details on the Facebook. Even your music videos. :)
When I am detached from how things must turn out in the future, I immediately increase my happiness today. My odds of achieving increase too
I'll try
That is a very poor translation of "I'm hoping for an entertaining game." But Ok.
how's it going ?
Good morning sun :)
ugghhh don't remind me ;) lol
EVEN MY DAD IS A BELIEBER !!! #soproud ;D
With your tongue?
buxom lip plumper is the shit. love that stuff.
Karate and having 2 trampolines (1 indoor and 1 outdoor) One son is a 3rd degree black belt and he is only 15.
you have identified my secret sauce. That is the approach I have used, and it is working well. DM if you want more details.
You guys could do the same...
You put up the NM Show! I can hear myself bantering! SO FUCKIN AWESOME!!!! THANK YOU SO MUCH!
Did u eat the hot dog anyway
it's not just you.
Only at NY Penn Station will you be passed by an Eritrean man quoting Lana Del Rey lyrics while on his cell phone.
happy easter to everybody that celebrates! :)
Banana, mike ditka, and a narwhal with frankenstein on the dance floor.
I'm down for it! :D
Ever wake up before your alarm and realize you'd felt less tired if you'd just stayed awake? Woke up at 5, fell asleep at 6.. Ugh! So tired.
I know Eric told me it sucked
I don't think the #etextbook revolution will really take off until the books are more than just PDFs & prices come down
RT : ~ The Peasants Are At The Gates ~ /Perhaps Mitt will give out cake for a vote!
omg.. lol V stands for vagina & P for penis lol omg omg xD
I wonder what it like for some of these people to be miserable all the time. Cheer up, it's not all bad!
Ask ask ask ask ask lol
can I get my first chirp please!?
thanks bro. My producer is but that beat is AZ
ooh exciting! What kind of red?
I need Solidworks. Can you sell me a copy?
May have to watch "The Lion King" before the game on Saturday.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 71
It's hard to fit this much emotion into a one page message. <3
4th song off the EP "Lack of Intelligence" is up on the myspace. www.myspace.com/dontmissoutmusic
What is the longest you’ve ever driven without stopping? @ us and tell us who’s got what it takes to drive the long routes.
Yeah but you can't keep a real baller down for long!!
Success comes in cans, not cant's
If ur friend got played, what makes u think u have a chance?
Anyone have any shin splint healing advice? Have a dull burning/throbbing off my tibia on the inside side of my leg. Hope this heals soon!
Just dropped gypsy woman and some dude just came up and told me he was crystal waters web designer. Top that!
she was the person that put out the flyers for the montgomery bus boycot
This is my Saturday. Watching UFC payperview in a bar in Glendale.
#mijobs #hiring Gonzalez is searching for IT professionals, entry level on up in any field. Inquiries to
Also equality or whatever
A lesson in #compassion: we have all been children at one point. Inspired by Erica Swick
Fab. If the section works out, I'll let you know how the discussion goes. Thank you!
Who is skipping the #Superbowl to watch this year? So many people are conflicted!
I just learned that museums are full of stuff at
you've got me forever !! I'm not going anywhere !!!!
“: The best feeling is when I look at you, and you're already looking at me <U+2665>”
Just discovered prezi.com and love the tool!
nice name man! aha with my father you?;D
For the new year I'm going to add more color to my wardrobe and moisturize more. Which translates to, "Fancy Boy, Girlie Face" in Chinese.
Silver trophy I'll take it! :) :) :) happy as fuck!
Parents of missing Madeleine McCann believe she will be found alive - Fox News
Thanks - appreciate that.
watching #AALIYAH behind the Music so real so beautiful
chillin waiting for (don't get mad) another basketball game to start in like 15 min.
#ProBowl tomorrow!!!!! So excited to see some of my boys representing the #Broncos in the #ProBowl!!! Go #AFC!!
i screenshotted that from a twit vid lol, did u watch it?? ICE TREES
When you stop insisting, people stop resisting. ~ Michael Oliver
THE VOICE WINNER IS JERMAINE PAUL!!!! WHOOHHOOO
People who like this weather are psycotic
:( Darn. Because I'm so behind.
Enjoy your day Rochester Twitter Crew! Get out and do something FUN!
Any plans of performing in Los Angeles in 2012?
Best Star Wars Day Ever.
cornish's cafe has locally grown food. could it get more perfect?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!!!!!!!!!!<3333333 hope you have the best birthday ever!!!!(:
Going to the third class for beginner Adobe Illustrator.
I THINK THAT FOR WHAT IT IS THE MTV LIST IS SOMEWHAT ACCURATE AS IT STANDS. I GUESS I CAN CASH IN SOME COOL POINTS FOR THAT ONE! LOL
Nothing excites this man #snoozefest RT : Nick Cafardo sounded disappointed when Ross hit the home run.
Dennis Trinkle (Provost) & Jason Steele (Dir. of Business Information Services) of now discussing student engagement at
You want something. Go get it. Period.
Bruins and Sabres YES :)
& I'm ready to zumba already hahahah
If I give you cake, with a strawberry on top, would you pretty please follow ? She <U+E32D>'s you so much! <U+E046><U+E046><U+E046><U+E046><U+E046><U+E347><U+E347><U+E347>
My sis taught a class with her lesbian friend: "Straight up 5 min abs. No gimmicks. Satisfaction guaranteed." We're not possibly related.
Though it seems to me he showed exactly what he wanted to-- that the normal is shot through with deviance
Our season ended yesterday I was sad that and wanted this season to go longer But I know that it's time They r ready world
forget Mad Men or Suburgatory. When are you going to really make it big time and get your account verified?
so, we both agree Ash is in a coma rght ?
WHAT WAS THAT?! Major flash and kabooooom! in Northgate. Did lightening strike right here?
Sorry, i only dig the classy ones...... Leah Lovve<3
looking @ impact of : reaching >300 organizations thru ca. 60 projects in >40 states/90 Congressional districts & 28 int'l countries
Trying to figure out if it's a real documentary.
at the end of Q3, Bakersfield leads Dakota 67-65... Johnson w/19 pts and J.Wise w/13pts & 4 assists
I'll do both for safe measure
: Thanks for the info. I'll be sure to study...and practice. God bless.
That shower was somewhere between 15 minutes and forever.
yep. Just think something leaking goo and wrapped tightly in a blanket. I'm thinking it would be a screamo band.
Enjoy Jennifer Main's Gallery opening......
Adobe Illustrator - but you could do it in PowerPoint as well with one big slide.
thanks brother. Definitely do not watch at work...
Ah, yes, as when you write a haiku about a firefly...
Tax season is coming… be aware of scammers who clam to be from the IRS and Social Security Administration; they may call or send emails.
Man I wish it was "01" or "02" them was the Days! The things I would of changed..
stop. lol « I'm feeling like the man lol “: feeling good , feeling great. how you doe?”»
what about $AAPL?
Survived the first week of my PhD program :)
I love this quote! " You can't connect the dots in your life by looking forward; the only way to connect them is to look backward."
We had to take off our shoes and sit on the floor. Ready for that during the business day?
agreed, they may have greater short term impact than Blackmon/Floyd based on potential situation
cows are the best!
and yes, it's going to be a great morning :)
Can you imagine the Spandex advertisements? I try not to, but it happens.
Don't send a question mark as a massage, I don't know why that means.
do you like our big banner at Red Square for #WGTBweek ? let us know, you might win a special prize (Like a WGTBeta fish, ?)
tell her I loved her in the Alien movies
Thank you Kelly and Traci. :) We love you.
Aloha back. It's a beautiful day.
Sirens phone calls police cars fire engines.
Well for me anyway.
I have lots of beer and a fire pit. What you doing Saturday night? :)
Sarcasm is just one more service I offer.
and I have written badassery. Soon to commence with destruction in the form of "Initiate".
Do you like creating Top 10 Lists? Learn about how you can with Ringz.TV and more by talking to founder during
SISTER BEFORE MISTERS!x BROS BEDORE HOES!x
my arm is killing me.. Can't get up to fast, start feeling light headed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
great deals! :)
done! Had to check other email.address for reset:)
did u get it hahah
Happy Thanksgiving!
Yes but I think still needs more fantasy football points
On the road to Hartford to check out Marquette at UConn
story of my life with !!!
You mention blog, I look. Easily influenced that way. Them Plane Pixels are crazy good fun.
no practice this Friday but next then game the same week on Saturday
": when did okc become everyones favorite team? #justwondering"..u must be a laker fan..ha
Getting to know cool Drupal theme from as I develop site for Marylanders for Offshore Wind Power. (Fusion-based theme, Skinr)
Sitting at the kiddie table with my 21 year old cousin
POW!RT : ": I swear, people be on DICK." &lt;= why you worried about who's on MY dick? mind yours.
Sub sandwiches make any day more awesome
RT : A8 #Foodiechats I love all three, but if I had to choose, nothing like Challah French Toast with maple butter syrup
Homeless people and cell phone sales people have the same technique to have you give them money, they just shout out crazy stuff.
Going to be a great year
Alfonzo Denard is a classic example of someone sabotaging their own career! Seriously? NFL Draft is less then a week away & U get arrested?
She a hood girl, but she a good girl
God it feels good when you get to witness your hard work pay off
Dad "getting there is only half the journey" kid "duh, you still gotta come back". Lol smart kid.
On top of our usual workload, we’re excited to be launching a blog very soon! Let me know what #nonprofit issues you want to read about
RT : tech is an elective just like arts/proven tech & arts create productive adults/edu priorities
Jayson Nix starting for the Yankees. What a year it has been.
Get in here! you look like you need a margarita!
I think you should be able to ask them in the webinar chat client? I'll tell Jill during the break that you're not able to ask.
Blake Griffin doesn't care if he's on the bench!! #TEAM comes FIRST!!
two teams ranked for most of the season play each. Other in the first round brook central vs milw Riverside smh
Foster the People look hot on SNL.
how about Ron Paul at an Irish pub?
had fun these past 2 days :) really needed it!
Clueless is clueless. When you don't what don't know!!!
“: Can my body please stop peeling? #ilooklikeacow” OH MY GOD KELLY FUCK OFF
Thank you Lord for today, for our families, our jobs, our homes and our church!
Just really noticed that was in Coach Carter. I guess he wasn't as big as he is now.
Nice man would love to get together and hear more about the project.
Can't wait to see #Hungergames!!
Thanks #thatcamp see you all at the next interface there later... Because. Because. Because.
man that dude just didn't have it all then
Tim Burton was in SINGLES and had a pretty funny cameo as a guy who directs strange video singles ads.
#cosign RT : Just cause you have big titties does not mean you can have a attitude! Behave yourself!
What you lookin at trick?
What is it about the #RockysThemeSong that always gets me fired up!
I hear the pinging! my phone was dying, had to charge it! Ima be right there in a min...lol.
congratulations Duke, wish my parents let me stay up last night for the 2nd half
you should have said hi! Except I was in zombie mode hah
Attn Chicago shoppers: knockoff bag guy outside Giordano's on Rush for last minute gifts!
That's because #WallStreet isn't supporting our #President!
People need to learn their place.
Apologize? Just remember, the game ain't over until the Lehigh cheerleader sings.
Breakfast burrito run with the bros and hoes!
You're welcome!
:P I was thinking of it as an idea for your mom's mother's day gift....
Ok, I will take a nap, or a pool boy with an ice cold mimosa in hand. Universe, surprise me!
At the end of the day there won't be another mix tape harder than Lil Wayne - Drought 1, 2, 3.
Bags are packed. Send him home Bub.
2012 National Flood Safety Awareness Week/Charlotte NC
Will join next on Fox Morning News to recap our DC trip
I think Morgan miss ha daddy cause that damn sho ain't me
Glad to hear Blackbirds is good stuff. I'll be getting it over summer. I'm reading Dinocalypse Now...now. Have you tried it?
I'm looking forward to my next visit to DC!
Its true you mean everything to me..
What a surprise--5 minutes extra time
the apple store? why would we dance with geem?
I agree, my placement, I had 4 SLP's that taught me SOO much and encouraged me.
thanks for the heads up
Just had a tie blow out doing 70 on highway. That could have been ugly
shout out to ! Which ever one you are in your pic?!?! Follow him.
yaaaayyy paaarrttaaaayyy!! Haha yeah last night. Twitter is weird
Church was good:)
Alex is coming over tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
nice day means.. #skateboarding :)
stop giving republicans platform to just lie and lie
Since they wanna play about getting me a car I guess I have to go get this shit myself #$$$$
Don't be mad at me.. Talk to God. He has given me everything I've ever wanted.
on my list... heard good things...
Smooth sounds of The Abby Maxwell Trio and free taco bar from 5-8 @ ONE UP!!! DJ 12 Tribe spinning hip hop, R&B & top 40 from 9-close.
Let's put Blockbuster in charge of immigration
Competing embarrassing playlists. Her - Britney Spears, Him - Michael McDonald
Okay watching the game. Back later. :)
I can't get anything either :(
would love to see you in that Kentucky uniform playing in front of 24,000 screaming diehard UK fans every game. Go Cats<U+E42A><U+E42A>
Black guys gonna win the voice
Hard not to think that Derrick Rose is this era's version of Grant Hill. Amazing talent but too many injuries.
lets go celtics
Sent DM... please check it out :)
And I'll repeat what I have been saying: It is the #Michigan & #PennState types that have to up their game, not Wisky or
originally a version in an address by Cornell's President.
It's hard to be studious. I need motivation.
Smart! Totally smart!
I am following back (:
LOL you should have been at work today SO MISSED YA..laughed our asses off and I got hurt lol AGAIN
If you keep letting me go,it gets easier to stay away...
Third Ave Streetscape funding finally in line. Project goes forward.
Busy at 420 or something? Hahaha RT : I can be there around 430
When I used to wait on the bus NOBODY stopped to give me a ride.I'm just carrying on tradition lol.
Check us out on !
“: One more chance is better than none!” yessir!!
Yes! Would love to...will get back to you. hope all went well yesterday!
Local high school holding parent conf on eCigs, I saw this coming months ago by "listening" to Social Media, wonder how many parents in dark
Sounds like a great book about the ocean, let us know how you like it!
RT: I hear Roman Polanski has been a big donator to the Obama campaign Where do you find these people?
Got to be kidding. I refuse to get into instagram. No. “:NYTimes: Facebook to Buy PhotoSharing Service Instagram for $1 Billion”
It's time to stop depression, suicide, selfharm, and bullying, and now it's time to help raise #awareness and #save_lifes. <3
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!(: miss you
congrats to regina campbell for winning the Holiday World and Splashin Safari tix. more chances to win tomorrow.
Here's what I have to say to anyone afraid to talk about money. Money money money money money money money money money.
I wanna try noodleing....(catching catfish with my hands)....
I'll be waiting for to change its commercial. What can Brown do for you?
It was nice bumping into Chris Evans and others at the MTV
Nick always be tryin to hangout when its to late! D;
please follow me, #14days i cant wait. #BOYFRIEND <U+2665>
Finding my groove...: Lollipop Crafts #78 Anything Goes
My 4yr old is showing signs of AD&D. He is speaking of the differences between chromatic & metallic dragons.
hey you(;
you don't remember me!? #savedyourlife don't be scared... your sister approves of me
#NFLrookie advice: Being in the spotlight can make anyone nervous. Try identifying the weak areas you have when communicating & get help.
Good luck today!!
The word 'listen' contains the same letters as the word 'silent.' ~ Alfred Brendel
...maybe we just love you ;)
Lmaooo I just looked at my mute list ... damn
thank you for following! LOVE your strength... what an inspiration you are! Happy Friday!
Writing from your heart requires your body to step aside and stand in the corner while your spirit does its thing and speaks.
Ever get the feeling that a task is just going to bounce right back to you?
Chicago do you love Oreos? Todays Cake is: All American Oreo Cake Rich chocolate cake, filled with Oreo chunks and ganache cream filling.
Bring it home Giants!! Forget the Packers almost perfect season!
Really' haha very funny Joke ? "!
Is it weird that I kinda wanna see breaking dawn part two?..
Metadimensional Cinema is about to ping epidemic. It will Om its way into the divine matrix of the subconscious; fueling mass portals.
Thanks for the news of the first Humpback Whale sighting of the season!!
Thanks love! RT : I Love your avi, congrats to you both ??
Having trouble upgrading to BlackBerry App World 2.0.1.12 - hangs on upgrade
move your body, dance for your papi
Thank you...and you as well.
like literally?
HEY where can a girl get a toddy on a Tuesday?
When everything else fails, Music doesn't.
The #Clippers won last night?! I knew I shouldn't have gone to bed at the start if the 4th qtr last night.
Watch out for that girl. One day she may change the world ;) x
*insert really cool snappy comback here* what now!
tickets purchased for Saturday! Until then time for a Marvel movie marathon, starting with Iron Man!!
A challenge to everybody who's posting that taxi-driver story all over facebook: Call up an elder & actually listen. Today.
More Inspirational
stamp application
Oh we can chat on Facebook if u want. I have no skool 2day.
thanks man! I really appreciate it! Best of luck in your endeavors as well!
40404 I like the little skits. Nice change.
this past saturday when someone asked me if I was my friend's mother! He is 39, I am 51, his mom 71!
Hm... Democrats have been at 41 for a while now...getting a little nervous
A cute one that gets along with W.
By Miranda Johnson Looks like the recent rift between Kanye West and producer Young Chop has been patched up. The 18-yea
i havent used twitter in such a lonnngggg time! ahh its so refreshing
tomorrow at 9..will try to stop and see you
u need a fade my nigga ;p
exactly what I was thinking.
YEA HE WON'T BREAK YOUR HEART
We'll see ya there!
The Lombardi trophy needs a redesign, it's pretty lame compared to the Stanley Cup or even the BSC championship trophy
More support 4 reasonable application of fair use might help w this tale of woe abt how large media studios are victims too
I hate driving when it's pouring rain.
For real. Tho I am surprised (& doubtful) at descriptions of this as a "linchpin" moment. So much has happened already.
Out here in AZ I see why mufuckaz is stagnated, just a whole lot of talking, niggas is lazy and dont really want to work on music..SMMFH
Damn, kinda addicted to taking pictures on my phone , I like having a picture to help me remember what went down that day, not just words
It's all about love.
Awwwwready I appreciate dat phone on now lol RT : in the mix !! Love him
If ur going to detest someone, let it be because they personally suck - not because of their #religion. How auto- #Ignorant can 1 b? lulz
hey John thanks for the retweet.
Go on and try to tear me down i will be rising from the ground like a skyscraper!! <3
RT : #Purpose Write down 1 or 2 goals for the day. Revisit this throughout the day. Visualize your actions to achieve these...
Hahaha. That would be great.
Golf Channel "Take Nothing For Granted" I like it!
All GIS systems can export maps in KML, SHP or XML format. Then add them in YouTown.
usually in the international aisle!
exactly! Have to get payday loans to pay off the gas credit card... Sucks!!! I need a 2nd job for GAS alone! WTF
Yes, and sometimes they get the pox even if they get the shot... I know because it happened to one of mine!
RT : Power lines have blown down in #PacificBeach and started a car on fire; pix on News8
wow im already 13 :)
And this one belongs to the Politricks softball team. 1W-0L
sry hun... Im spoken for... Bt it ok for sumbody to give u a lil of advise from da outside..
you should follow back ^_^ lol
Why can't I just talk to you... I'm so sorry but I can't help how you make me feel... I wish I could just have you... </3 )':
Can hardly wait for SYTYCD tonight. It keeps getting closer and closer to the final when we will know who wins.
For some reason he sounds like Donnie McClurklin #sp to me.....
Wow could not of been a worse start
Too close to call. Superstitions and fear of falling meteors overcome my desire to pitch a hopeful score! :)
Do you like nutella? Because i love it!
Finally a sunny day! Is spring really here or will it be snowing tomorrow?
Is that because I drew you half nakie w/bulge? ... Seriously Bradley...
I wanted to go to the hair dresser today but oh well
#Akwasi_Frimpong from the film "Theorie_van_het_Konijn,has been invited to give a motivation speech in Engeland during a business convention
"slight workin my way to the library"
I'm downtown
Sean was sick this morning, so we opened late--oops! Come in now before we close at 7 pm and get a free Cuban coffee! We're sorry!
:) tweet : My ovaries are being squeezed to death by that falsetto. No, that's not a good thing. It's like a kick in the balls.
Cleanin my car
All these dating shows like The Bachlor/Bachlorette and Love In The Wild are nasty! I hope they give them passes to the free clinic.
Saw diminutive NBC golf analyst Jimmy Roberts walking anonymously through the crowd at the U.S Amateur as well.
That weekend in general is going to be EPIC!!
That awkward moment when you glance at someone staring at you..
Aw. :3 You both just kinda made my flipping day man<33 C;
Y r people still wearing colorful jeans, baltimore style.
BG Sayles, #Army, "Industry: Meet #veterans halfway -they bring so much to the table, you just need to speak their language."
Janet will be 46 in May :D
This Baylor/Washington games is one of the most ridiculous football games I've ever seen! It's video game scores and stats!
Thank you my funky sista!
I'm just sayn wen it comes to work nobody cares about ur personal shit. Ive gone 2 work sick. NO ONE CARES lol that's life
The weekend was great got to spend QT with my loved 1's
I only watch G.I. Joe for Storm Shadow.
thanks for following
ran w/new size small hotpants.They r2 big n few spots!Hope the new stuff is a bodysuit!Legs look amazing,now lets work on my arms.
You're welcome, Kenny. I always appreciate your thoughts on copyright.
wondering if you would be willing to speak out against the use of another word, Ni**a/Ni**er. Anyway, good speaking up and out.
In 20 Mins... "Hottest Dude On The Block" *PROMO MUSIC VIDEO* DROPS! Featuring Kyd Splash & Lyrik Luciano! Shot & Directed By ME! :)
#TipsForLadies the sloppy drunk look isnt attractive on anyone.
Of course and thank you. I don't remember why. I was probably protesting.
hates me...
I was openly mocked for taking Aaron Rodgers in the first round of my fantasy draft. No one's mocking me now.
I am obsessed with , some think airplane food is gross but I've always liked it!
Happy Tuesday tweeps
NP "Leave The Pieces" by The Wreckers
you know it.
wow some people are stupid cropping them in a picture with someone famous grow up!
it's an iPhone/android app. There are a bunch all based on the couch 2 5k program.
We are all part of the living universe, and as we grow and develop so does the universe, for we are all one.
MJ Experience game time, we :D
It's not gambling when you know you're gonna win.
working on recorder for imprinted pens and custom table cloths. Thanks Mara & Mallory!
140 chars is difficult to explain the differences. I'll say that like politics, religion makes strange bedfellows.
Just figured out where is in the restore process! Music files SLOWLY resuming their original places.
To anyone reading this: What is your favorite song? or one of your favorites? at the moment? Any song you'd like to share, really.
Hey, how are you?(:
Noticed there is not much swearing on Twitter... how does that work?
"Sudden death: abrupt & unplanned ending of a relationship." Apparently this qualifies as a college-level vocab word. Quality education.
forgiveness saves the expense of anger, the cost of hatred, the waste of spirits
you are so sweet!
refrain from smashing speakers or jumping out a window.
I got what I wanted a goal to bring the crowd to life.
Teacher: “You’re here to learn.” No, we’re here because it’s the law -- Funny Tweets ()
Christina G. Rossetti~ Spring is when lifes alive in everything.
#2 rule to getting away with murder is no body no murder.
Are the challenges self-chosen based on students' passions? Do the kids really own the learning?
Happy BDay to the Best Daddy in the Universe!!!! I Love u Daddy!! :)
yeah but we are gonna be soon !
lol can't resist it -.-
Omg. I'm not going to stop crying for a week. She was so happy at the end! <3
What happens in Vegas is usually cliche and wearing Ed Hardy
Yay we are starting to bake again! We love to make our store smell sweet with our awesome cakes, cupcakes and more! Woo hoo
SPECIAL TODAY ONLY: For every retweet an ANGEL gets a high-five. Oh yea.
Yea. They are! Lol RT : lol I won't disagree with that. Virgo guys are nice though, the ones I've met.
I can't make someone stay in my life if they don't want to. U let a good thing go
Right!? Can't wait to go play! RT: Good morning gorgeous, warm, sunny spring day! Now we're talking Los Angeles!
Might not go sat. Text me. We will see I guess.
Saw your story about the whale this morning...stay warm out there!
where's the beef? don't we need D-linemen real bad?
I think we have thousands of NGO's for lots of reasons, effectivenes yes; but also pride, greed, etc.
Why is it that when you help people they still have the audacity to talk about you like you have done nothing...
At the end of the first half Denver leads 37-29 over DU's Stafford leads all scorers with 17 pts
Idk who's beard is more ugly, Danilo Galinari or Paul Pierce
Tired of people not taking shit serious and not showing up to things they need to show up to
Follow #envisionfilm for tweets from Envision 2012. Global thinkers and filmmakers will be getting cozy all day long at
I'm back for good! Any shoutouts?(:
Getting something to eat, than off to the stroe. Snow and ice on the ground. But the stock show is in town, rideh cowboys and girls. LOL
oh okay hopefully they have all the classes I need so I can be full time.
Mine doggie doesn't feel like a happy face.
#bethere RT : 1 day tournament=Fans meet staff and owners, players are scouted, and merchandise opportunities...hm....
First of all dawg..why U studying Nukkas Wang-Dang-Doodles...wit ya #Down-low azz.. #KillYourself!
#librotaficante Thank you for the props all the way from the other border-Canada! Gracias.
Yoga Poses & Equipment : Yoga Clothes
Also s/o to my nigga Hit Skrewface, Tuesday nights will have Str8 Truth in the building. S/O to all my Str8 Truth family, anotha jobwelldone
Hi Ashley! You are most welcome :)
We are close to having all of our marketing technology components in place for our clients! Lot's of research for you.
Hey crazy! I always forget to check the Twitters... I am doing well---still plugging away at KOIN. Just not cooking anymore.
Too tired, too hot, too anxious about line review / boss being out of town to fall asleep... I don't have good odds for rest tonight
Draw on it, put it back on ebay, profit.
Thank you for providing position info, lingo, etc - better than an impatient husband. Sorry
So many fun flavors to let everyone know about on this beautiful day: Mexican Chocolate Ice Cream, Green Tea Ice Cream...
When people turn on scary movies then leave you alone in the room.
what the fight?
Preparing to leave Jacksonville, FL en route to spring training.... four hours till the Gulf
Yea I'm comin to stay at your house.
...at a lecture series at meeting about aging and genetics.... We may not be destined to age!
Commercial use license ususally starts at $50.00 & up for 72dpi for web only. Each company's license agreement is different, no 2 are alike
I forgot what Friends episode I left off on ):
Teach your child self-worth, NOT self-esteem. The difference is how God sees them...NOT the world. Just got this from my wife. LOVE it!
"It took me a long time not to judge myself through someone else's eyes."
Yay! RT : "Freckles are just chocolate chips on people." -
Major renovation progress yesterday! Had family over to help & we now have hot water, lighting in four rooms, a hinged door & a clean deck!
If you cant imagine yourself being Peter pan, you won't be Peter pan
I loved your movie, I WILL FOLLOW
I think it seems just right. Will encourage action of those that think it will be just over (i.e. you) or just under (i.e. haters)
#ad2dc "I can't believe I'm going to defend a dude in his underwear" - on
"If you don't want to get tackled, don't carry the ball."
1. Go to Google Translator. 2. Select from Filipino to English. 3. Type Pikachu. 4. Mind = blown.
Haircut day! Mega jackpot $393 million, may need to go out and buy one
what an incredible honor! thank you RT Best immersion participants ever & what about that faculty sung oz medley!
The epitome has to why bitches ain't shit to me. You've been knowing me all of 20 minutes, yet you're talking bout our chemistry.
Have fun! Relax and enjoy!!
yes! I also can bring ipad
hehehe..# DaRealJacpoTT I wish the world was flat! There are a few people I would love to push over the edge!
(cont) The only thing I liked by him was the story "Rain, Rain, Go Away," but that's probably because that story is fantasy.
Shoe Game
New phone is on its was. Yesh I needed one bad >_<
U WANT SUM FOLLOWERS??? GO FOLLOW #teamblackhouse AND MENTION THEM FOR A FOLLOW BACK x4
Not impressed with #windows8 so far. I hope the professional version isn't setup the same way.
BP says they'll know in 6-48 hrs if new attempt works- 6 to 48 hrs?! What kind of est is that? did they always have 1 of these caps around?
Yesterday I saw 3 sprinters: 2 on P'tree Rd and 1 around the corner from home. 'Tis a sign I've gotta break out my running shoes today.
": I love #LakeShow fans. We riot when we lose. We riot when we win. LA is the shit, man."
Different race, different winner. F1 is that much more enjoyable when you have no clue what's going to happen from race to race.
Girl, I wish you were my next door neighbor!!
Listening to Ravi Shankar, slow cooking stew and sewing, perfect
- Me, too. And we'd love to see middle class & poor people stop voting against their own interests.
Love bravely, live bravely, be courageous, there's really nothing to lose ;) x Jewel
Duke got that exponential ass whipping tonight! Like Russell said, thanks for coming out..God bless and good night!!!
Thank you Mariz, your words are truely beautiful. You made me smile
Sadly, I was hoping it was foolproof. Get it? *Proof*? Like yeast, ahaha I kill myself.
What happened to the days of people's word being their bond? Glad I know how to use my resources. Khadija don't need ya. Lol
Risk Transfer- how to get you savings between 5-25% on your Medical Professional/General Liability insurance Joint Commission Certification
Is this story reason to ban hockey and fear our northern neighbors?!?
Happy birthday Have a good one, girl (:
sounds about right ;)
Let me get this straight-Cantor says he's willing to close some tax loopholes, but only if new ones are created. Now THAT'S pathetic!
people are just CRAZY ..
Now booking tables/parties for this weekend for Saturdays Studio Paris & The Underground Sundays DM for details
goodnight Debi......x
Ha! Checkout the web site for the reasoning behind the name. Charles Wilson is the real DC politics beekeeper.
Are you out at SXSW?
i am not even tired -__- i just don't want to wake up early for extern lol
Hope does not disappoint!
“: How exciting! Mock! Mock! :D” I like THE MOCK!
I need a doctor asap
Several community members are slated to be here. Mayor Soglin, Chief Wray, Capt. Joe Balles, Capt. Jim Wheeler, Kaleem Caire and others.
Miss June and Nov. were mine and Kory Lyn is a model I shot and have images of in last months and this months special editions.
Mealy apple.
not to mention when CJ was thrown down from behind in box on an early breakaway! Retro ref fine!
I can't even give these Bucks tickets away at this point.
I can't wait to see Baylor's women's basketball team tonight. That guy Griner is badass!
El nuevo #twitter is a SHIT!
Congrats Tom!
haven't heard about the arrest yet
hope u get wat u deserve
They told us to relax the night before. I should watch Merlin.
I haven't had a social network in so long. What happened? aha
heat is on!!!!!! prepare the kitties for overheating!!!!
I read lots of nap
Yes, indeed. RT : Thanks to & & organizing team for a great day at
This weeks going by so slow.:/
Who are other Reps in support of guns on campus?
Mercury is in retrograde again? There goes my week.
miss_eli: SLA was my first conference, too, back in 2002. Welcome to the association and hope to see you in Philly.
Make a decision to be successful right now.Most ppl never decide to be wealthy and that is why they retire poor! Call now 1-646-397-9817
Why did I conclude that rain in woodland hills. = sunny in Hollywood?
Orlando Dragons vs Polk County Wildcats NXBL Season Opener at Chain of Lakes Stadium, Winter Haven FL 5/28 @ 7pm www.n-xbl.com
no. I kno u sent me a link. but this the first time in a while I got on here from the computer
not one, but two extra scenes..so stick around!
thanks coach, I will email you the flyer Monday
Oh Friday... Where have been all week? So glad you're here.
Warm weather is arriving. You know what that means! Tee shirts!
i got yo numbaa so ill hit you up if anything happens (:
Walker/GOP/ALEC puppets do not have a jobs plan; they have an AGENDA.
Comment if you have a tumblr i follow back (:
Hi Steph! I live in Tennessee in the USA.
thank you so much Sarah!
They need to make a Stick It-esque movie about soccer.
Always happens to me :(
Watching THE TREE OF LIFE right now and it's strangely getting me in the mood to see JURASSIC PARK followed by MELANCHOLIA.
It's snowing :)
It felt like my camp post. A God thing.
Have you cooked with our product? I can get you some to try! We LOVE your food!
doing drive-by's in tinted corvettes on vietnam war vets
2 weeks from today, I'll be seeing you in NYC!
performing at at the event tonight!
haha hell yeah man to get what all of us want..gotta do things u kno lol
actually i think it's supposed to be: whiskey, elevate, whiskey, ice, whiskey and repeat ;)
Thanks man - was great meeting you too !! Would love to do some cross-promo with - let's talk !! Christian
Be mindful of what you toss away, be careful of what you push away and think hard before you walk away.
<riding four wheelers
Nothing wrong with maintaining! Gotta love tha up north folk! #Sipping hooch on a tailgate of a ford truck in a cornfield
Saturday Long Beach Fall Festival under the main tent, 10-4
Anyone else have issues with the NVRAM on N7k supervisors failing diags? We've had both sups on one switch do it in the span of a few mos..
Algeta reports results for the first quarter 2012
: is building 'Yelp for Seeds' to help gardeners find what will grow best, with a recommendation service.
Dear Eminem, Not only do we have the same name, but we're both black on the inside too Sincerely, M&Ms.
Sry.. website URL: www.prettylittlethingsthemovie.com
Make sure u have plenty of room for the ONS crew cause u know we a fuckn mess but we r DESERVing of that space! ; p
I'm allergic to someone on this bus
What is going on today? Is *EVERYONE* high?!
"In the lead-up to the Iraq war, they shrouded the Guernica tapestry. It's our job to pull that curtain back and show the reality."
You know I got you big Brah! That video is HILARIOUS!! You killed it.
yum thank you!
Math lab students are creating the ABC books of math.. using live binders today! Can't wait to model electronic portfolios for them!
These clouds outside make the sky look like moutains to me..
Bands'll make her dance.
Birthday Girl (in which I play the lead role Katie) - is a CINE Winner of the Golden Eagle Award 2011.
tx for shout out u r sweet!
She told me I'm comforting... like a small casserole. Hmm. I'll be coming back to dinner at 7. Have to run an errand 1st.
You like shopping. You like the hill. You should follow !
When gangster bros tell you how cute your dog is, you know he's kinda adorable haha
probally to send u that dm
Good Morning Tweeps !
Haters gone hate *Shrugs*
Big 3rd down here. Don't want the pats to get the ball back here.
Back, do you have to hate me so much!!! In pain and can't walk without hurting
i wouldn't know what it's like to be mexican, though, right?
Jim Stabilito is our top fundraiser of all the Climb participants so far. He has already raised $2380, Thank you to all for your help!!!
Got a party or other event coming up?? Let me help you plan, decorate and make it the best celebration! All I ask in return is a testimonial
Nothing is more simple than greatness; indeed, to be simple is to be great. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
well see if that statement is true later lmao
i love rainy sundays
“: haha im glad you like that one! have you heard Strangers or The Art of Growing Up yet?” Yea and I like those to
I have no idea. ... Maybe they are staying. ...
Yes. We analyze the results. Still have questions? Call us anytime. We like to treat people the way we want to be treated.
It's gorgeous out--go for a run! or at least a walk!
send us your number in a message and I will send them :)
thank you :)
My sister to her son: It's a good mom who lets their son lick the beaters. It's a great mom who actually turns them off first.
The Week Ahead: Non-Farm Payrolls and Finality on Greek Bond Swaps?
I'm not going to click "I'm feeling lucky". They know too much.
Today we're celebrating International Women's Day with a shout out to the Bay Area's very own !
RSVP: Identity Films
Why would a girl try to keep a guy hooked by sayn she pregnant?
thanks for the RT!!
To go to Canada or to not go to Canada this weekend
I se.t you a message anx if you don't read it thank you
#ff for #agile - Happy Holidays! -
Dinner and a movie with my girl !
I'm wearing bright yellow today, in honor of pollen.
You and should come to Cali and meet your #1 fan!!(: <33
Today is just a sad day for me n da fam, but we gon fight thru it..happy birthday D3. We love n miss you
you hashtagged right so you're not a lollapaloser.
good call! I graduated in shell tops & a burgundy leisure suit
yeah, I know. Seriously? Well that was the best 3 hours of my life -___-
i love being sick just joking i hate being sick but im still going schoo, i dont get to see my brother new born baby n i already seen him :(
Hm seems there is a #cougarlife app.
it's all so good!
And when I try to walk away You'd hurt yourself to make me stay This is crazy
Shelton Johnson from Hebron is playing for Wisconsin right now!
Julia always laughs at how bad I am at life in general.
Geeky Jock: Checking Knicks' asymptotic rising has got a Chandler+Novak+Fields+... fluctuating tail of convergent sums!
We had a fantastic time at Fishfest on Saturday! Thank you to everyone who came out and supported!
It's called a teaser. That's the point.
Dr drew is freakin creepy looking nowadays
Lovelyday @ the market! Today's favorite: Mango/Tamarind again!,,Thanks to my great customers and a lovely weather,! I need to sleep!Night:0
Some quick google-fu turned up a couple services, but I would need to have the device shipped. These should be in 7-Eleven.
And follow
this traffic tho <
What section is the math quiz onn?
Well, you get what you pay for...if you're lucky.
somebody want to tell me what school goes to? ;0
Got lost three times trying to find tonight! I found it, all was tasty, but pls update the address on your website, Malarkey!
hay bro help me out. Read my status on FB lol.
Call me maybe just came on the radio!!
Follow me please; I swear I'm not going to bother. I love You, You're all time ON MY MIND! Your voice is AMAZING! Never Change<U+2665>
Now I get sleepy when I'm supposed to have company come over... I hate that !
Oh really?? >:P This tweet is evil "Ceebeelah: No one ever said life was easy, but several people said you were. :x"
keep up the great work.
and ijs.. Mind ya business.
Hurry, only 3 days to use #discount code NEW12 for 15% off your entire order on any product.
Oh im awkward? Ever thought that you cant hold a fucking normal conversation.
I'm bringing my clients 2 #ClubNikki 2 see perform! This will be a fun night.. ladies get ready.
I'm looking at a #java project that has "implementation" and "interfaces" packages *and* uses the IWhatever convention. No Impls, at least.
It's ok...only me and 14 year olds probably know....it's the season finale of Pretty Little Liars
Alright Push It is over. I'd better take my old ass back to work...
Explore realms of "Art & Faith" @ the Menil Sunday evening, with an art historian, anthropolgist & theologian. Discussion starts @ 7p. Free.
right now: Portland Police are at Wilson High, looking for burglars.
omg u really b twitting!!!!!! Lmmfao oooooooowwwwwwww u go boy (n my Gina voice)
Speak with love, respect, and empathy. That's what I learned from Dr. King. Is your goal to unite or antagonize?
So many men so little aspirin.
Just got home. Long ass day.
I'm sure we'll be okay in the SEC when you are looking to join the WAC after the Big 12 dissolves.
thanks for the S/O have a great
I am very excited for my interview on Tuesday. I cannot wait to meet everyone and check out the office!
night at the Roxbury, anchorman, step brothers, land if the lost, Jesus anything with Will Ferrell!! OMG Elf!
Home Sweet Home
tired when reading thought you said you were going to walk the runway.
finishing medieval europe & doing a big silk road cross-time unit with a writing project & "museum exhibit" to end the year
If we were together right now, I'd be singing you a Wilson Phillips song. With so much conviction.
#CreateDigital is a proud sponsor of 1st mini meet-ups in #DC #Norfolk & #RVA this week. Thanks to: &
it sucks :/
I love when it rain but when it thunderstorms.....idk
lol how shocked were you when totally pranked y'all on stage in ATL. That was the best
The dates of the Open Beta haven't been announced. When we send them out, I'll make sure you get one! :)
Likewise John! Thank you!
I should go to bed too
You're amazing at violin!
under controlled T_____T i miss you.
as soon as my P starts emailing, I'll give her your Ps email address....lol! They can email each other while in bed :-)
"awesome, #mom!" A 9yo HamSter calls from his step- mom's car to tell report on Take Your #Kid to Work Day.
I'm starting to get a massive headache, I'm still tired as all hell and I really just wanna go home
Np Rhianna we found love. In Orlando? It brings me back to horror nights and the amazing time I had :)
new www.google.com doodle is great
Thoughts are prayers go out to a small group friend and coaching friend both dealing with health issues.
has the cutiest smile n the world
Smile. It is happily contagious.
need a ride?
Why am I so fat. Ugh. I wish you could just snap your fingers and a little calculator would appear. - everythong porforvoreeeee
Make sure to follow our partner
I'm hoping things will work out. But Jay explains why its not a slam dunk.
Route # is correct on those signs Once higher priority signs are switched over Rt 63 signs will switch to show new route name
well I hope so! You and should get lunch sometime
Even though it's early, I'd say Vogel. Look what he's done in one year?
I just want to know how she got so many prescriptions, and for what? I mean, she was on a little prednisone
i keep tweetin but my tweets aint moving
Finished our thank you notes before the #CanadaPost strike ended! they'll be a bit late, folks. The one time I *don't* need an excuse...
Also? I'm so not a fan of being forced to use words I dislike for lack of a better word. Case in point: Tweeps.
Nonetheless they are obligate carnvores according to the veterinary profession. Cat's not veggie, right?
RT : Two of last night's shootings were fatal, confirm this morning..
You kno me so well>>>“ She might be drunk lol! « lol what?»”
“ Bitch...It's 2012, swallow that shit!!! #Life”
RT if your listening to #SaySomethin right now.
...hoping a table with a flower garden view will be the inspiration I need to write this next section.
Just finishing any remaining homework, and doing some extra-credits. I'm such a nerd. ;3 AND PROUD^^
You mean the best
Nap time
hello dear. I've been off Twitter for a while so I just saw your hello.
lol shut up
Loving Lucern and now off to our Lake cruise :)
Soo i have been trying to quite smoking but once its in front of me i just cant say no!-_-
Who are the best Freshman and Sophmore basketball players in West? This Saturday and Sunday
is expected to get Moorea's temp past the 100's today. Expect her to get Moorea's TOPTIONAL summer going!
Does anyone else get super excited when census time comes around? I guess I just love being counted.
The Chicago superfans probably. Just try not to have anudder heart attack
the issue, in my opinion, is lack of sensitivity like the relative who shows up unannounced at dinner time with a big suitcase
Pudding Replacing Cupcakes as New Trend - Huffington Post (blog)
yea I was there allday everyday!
This is surreal!!!!
You all chose the perfect day to egg my car. Seriously grow up and find something else to amuse yourselves with, IDIOTS.
guy from back in the day comes up to give dap, then when i go to fist bump, backs up and leaves me hangin n walks off
You can't unscramble a scrambled egg.
What she said. Loved the office/gallery combo. RT : Thanks for another awesome Design Slam tonight !
Oops. If you got a Tweet with just a link, ignore it, I was just getting a bit.ly url.
No, that's my boy but stay tune there's more to come!
isn't that for sure. When I hear certain songs it reminds me of my 1st <3. Ohh well it is what it is.
If I would have known about this I would have made a friendly wager... #GOGOPHERS “: Let's Go Eagles! #BCHockey #FrozenFour”
Every 60 seconds in Africa, a minute passes. We can put a stop to this. Please retweet.
Have y'all ever thought about the word "recognition?" re-cognition. Changing how you think.
Sheamus is still the world heavy weight champion yes yes yes yes yes yes !!!!!!!!!!
"CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends... tHANKS
The new Gebco commercial rules.
what did they feed that cat to make it so cooperative? Any cat I know would've scratched your eyes out.
i also had a werewolf dream. i blame and for this.
why is everyone hating on 8FLAVAHS?
Intentionally confusing my guy is a guilty pleasure. It's okay, he knows. Haha!
Lets Go White SOX!!!
I should have added a "(pair)rotprogramming" tag to my last tweet :)
lol you dont events respond to texts that fast. If at all :p
I'm free completely today an tomorrow after 6pm
So nice to meet you :)
What do you do when you can't sleep? Watch reruns of #TheNanny of course!
i gotta alotta stuff i dont tell people.
Its never 2 early 2 think abt lunch! Today we have our Greek Pasta (Spaghetti tossed w EVOO & Seasonings w Mizithra Cheese) $5 till 4!
SIRRIUS Radio wants $12 a month or $700 for a lifetime subscription now! REALLY? $700 for a radio subscription? On what planet is that sane?
yeay! It's going to be a great night at Graffito. Do you have a reservation already? or have you been in before?
Activate our wisdom and gumption 2 harness our spiritual power to set the world right unapologetically for our children
“: I give up on this fscking day.” ~ rub some glitter on it
Mumps, measles, and puppy love are terrible after twenty.
Pretend to be heroic, that's just one to grow with But deep inside a nigga so sick
Them lil moments mean a lot <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
NO LIE! “: Driving down The Drag.. is gonna leave a snail trail in my car for sure.”
That's exactly what I would've done as a marketer!
I'm baking you cookies. When are you coming home?
Can someone please show me how to turn on the lights??
I fully support your decision to do that. If you need back up, I'm all in!
Dallas artist need to support each other more!
don't want to get out of bed...
I've been trying but she won't :(
you have definitely changed 's music preferences
Thanks to all who came out last night, brought friends, danced, and supported quality, original music. Next stop: the Mann.
I was just discussing this issue with a colleague yesterday. Funny that I'm re-reading this again now.
With the new Empire book coming out for #warhammer, what unit are you most looking forward to? Demigryph Knights for me!
U GOT IT WANNA DO SUM WORK WITCHA MY GUY
Just remembered to log into Pidgin. I really need to work on that.
Being sick fucking sucks :(
just trying to help MANKIND
Does anyone have an extra "Don't $%$$ with Wisconsin" sticker? I wanted to send one to John Axford for a contest.
So with you. And wondering at what point do you just give up on trying to get anything done and go outside and play?
What a fun weekend of live music, birthday party's, and new friends! We are closed today for Easter. Monday, we open w/wine tasting at 4pm.
Keep on dreamin, even if it breaks your heart <3
Thanks for following sexy. ;)
: It has already started my G. 347 249 9441
I have the keyboard cat song as my ringtone. #coolcat :3
idk you looking at my ass right now, actions speak louder than words.
Check It Out! With Dr. Steve Brule
alright, now. Lol
Morning, how's everyone doing?
You cannot experience tomorrow, you can only anticipate it
Our CEO Kathleen Feely heads to Santa Fe this week for the NGA conf. She will speak on "Using Tech to Improve Human Services" Stay tuned!
Canton Texas with
At iSummit2012 talking about "the quad": public/private/academic/nonprofit partnerships creating innovation hubs, rethinking cities
Did you know? "Keauhou" means A New Beginning. We love that! Everyone can begin anew with a relaxing stay !
Let's all get hammered in the great hall and then go duel people tomorrow!
HomeMade Banana Pudding with Whipped Cream!.....True Story!
When your partner tells you that ‘you’re #fucking #awesome!’ is that just a way to compliment themselves?
Last guy on earth that's why u had to settle for a high schooler! Cake face? Wow lol like u know me or how much makeup I wear I would still
i heart RT : Rich Wolf is super smart. And he adapted our #UIC mobility app to #ir12 this morning, for kicks
only personal until some A-Hole comes along & makes money on it!! I feel bad for you. But only for that. You seem fortunate.
thank you! Metro area - Royal Oak.
man im bout to in a min.
Seeger: "We have an ethical and moral obligation to talk to ppl who are different from us."
Thanks for the follow and whenever you need your next smog check we are here to help
haha love you too
haha :) is going with will?
Mean muggin in a minnie van....~.~
even me :( lol
Love running on an hour of sleep
My favorite college memory is wacking it off in the girls bathroom, listening to girls talk while I do it.
follow back please?
.... the god damn nerve of some birds.
Merry Christmas to all Russian family and friends. Yes, tis the day to be merry Russian style. Tree lights back on... Shampoo...
RT : RT unity of freedom has never relied on uniformity of opinion. ~ John F. Kennedy
BYU gonna pretty good the next few years when the 2 kids from Lone Peak HS get there
Her and her buddy got cake... One slice ain't ever hurt nobody... Leeeegooo
unless your the mother of a ucon or butler player you know that game was BBBBAAADDDD!!
Epson, Canon, HP, Lexmark, Xerox and all leading manufacturers of inkjet and toner cartridges
Today is the absolute worst day of my life. Must find strength.
RT : The silver lining: New England looks seriously flawed. My Falcons have a real shot in two weeks.
don't worry, I'll be there soon and he'll have me to torment with his
Storm up ahead!
Oh God, 'Written in the Stars' again? I'm having bad flashbacks to the baseball playoffs.
I feel sick to my stomach I feel like and era just ended <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
#WeirdFactAboutMe is I love those paid programming shows on tv, I love my magic bullet lol
Just finish working out
You're welcome! Thanks for all your support! RT : thanks for all of your great enthusiasm this season.
WHY IS IT COLD?!!
Pollan brought cereals, "the original convenience food," drinks for the "cognitive decline" market, and white whole wheat Wonder bread.
There are two Argentinian restaurants within four blocks of my house. So, yeah, I'm doing alright for myself.
": Just whooped on in Wii bowling...sorry, mom!" Whooped is a strong word for a 5 pt win I think.
": Not feeling like going to practice later" you acting like its gonna be hard
Who knew- Fess Prker makes wines and damn good ones. Love their Frontier Red table wine.
Not personally but would be happy to look into it if you're interested.
Euthanized today was Achilles, pit-bull killer of Clifford Wright, its 74-year-old owner. The dog's end came at the Santa Fe Animal Shelter.
smh black folk...
Go to www.thelotteryshow.com and watch a live comedy show at 10:30 PM EST Chat while you watch!!
Let me know if you'd ever like to learn a little more about Plink. Online-to-Offline (O2O) marketing is a growing trend.
no change!!! : again I am sickened by #chase customer support and overall service. Where is the actual cust. care?
dont point me towards tht water bottle again
draw something
Kramerbooks & Poets, Matchbox, or Ted's Bulletin
Great night! Not heading to #RiverNorth at all, sleep here I come! #socialsandi prevails.
what does it say I haven't even thought about checking the weather
thanks boo
yes! i'm in la soon too. would be fun to catch up!
Im the only white girl in 2nd period right now tho.
just registered for #NJLA2012 ! See you next month, AC!
your beats are ill yo... Keep it going
hen the job of the advertiser is to create brand awareness and get the name out there. When someone is buying a product
Good morning Malaysia!! And a special good morning to u :) RT : Good morning from Malaysia mdm Teemaree :)
I live in Indiana and no I haven't!!!:)
Rangers OF Josh Hamilton hit his 16th and 17th HRs of the season against the Angels. Hamilton is hitting a .407 BA with 40 RBIs.
Also keep up with tonight's performance by following our live tweets!
Don't mention that part about the DRM. That could make them mad at you. ;-)
When in doubt braid it out
About to play battle of the bands at SF State... Excited!
Mila Kunis Announced As The New Face of Dior After recently starring in Hollywood smash 'Black Swan' and taking on a leading role alongsi
Todays motto. Vision to victory. Youve seen it now achieve it
“A TRUE RELATIONSHIP has tears <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA> fights<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A> trust<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0091> faith<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB> pain<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> arguments<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF> patience<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> jealously<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> and most importantly LOVE <U+2764>”
That's a good-lookin' group of guys!
Thanks for the support! Credit to Oakland Tech for the awesome website :D
currently checking plane tickets for kentucky. i need to see my friend
Who wants to live forever: those who do not believe in the hereafter
is STILL lookin' for a new roommate! GET AT ME!
Still good to converse with. He's pretty liberal, but that really doesn't mean a lot here. But an intelligent man, Reasonable.
I'm 100% gullible and horrible at all things grammar related.
Hoping we can get a few people from the new to check out our event 5/1 at !
I love you too hunni!!
in at seven today !!!!
you know you're old when your kid twitters about the ridiculous things you say...
nope. This is it to my knowledge
A!!!!! My kids are driving me nuts this morning! They just keep fighting!
Congrats to Hart Publishing! 2 of their authors were awarded the 2011 SLS Peter Birks Prize for Outstanding Legal Scholarship. (cont...)
Bina this week<<
i wonder if their neighbor is the hover round lady?
At the same damn time!
Do not feed your cat ice cream. No matter how much she begs just dont do it.
But I feel like I often hear it in contexts (e.g. during Romney's speech) where it's something else.
LoL Show me the fabric, and ideas of what it should look like since you're the expert. I'm looking into dance classes. ;p
I think the world wanted us to be bestfriends
over 100 cappers posting service plays to view free today and 5 cons. in the 3 bowl games and Dal & Ov in the NFL so far with more to come
1 more week and i will be in Jacksonville, Florida
We will be open for class only on Mon and Tues this week
Start the New Year off right! Make money and eat healthy with little effort! suzanne.snackhealthy.com
's Exec Director Tammie Kahn introduces #Houston Mayor Annise Parker
once your parents hear your bed squeak they know you're not a virgin no more
But you do now. Hahaha.
Do explain. RT : I have complicated feelings about panels.
Wow I'm tired. I'm going to need a keg of Red Bull to get through this day.
you look so gorgeous Ashley!
thank you! Everything has been processed and we encourage you to visit or talk to us =) *True Compliments
Tornado sirens going off...wind, rain, and wall clouds abound...fingers crossed...
Finna call HIM!!
great question.
Sucks when you grow apart little by little with someone you used to be so close to
“: Some bad officiating today”actually pretty unreal how bad it is.
“: I will probably see Titanic 3D at least 50 times.
At the end of Q1, all tied at 20
I forgot other people are still working...:)
Celebrating our anniversary tonight. Contemplating if I should throw on a blazer or just keep it shirt and tie...
I did babe.. Check it
Would you want to part of an experiment about fear? Do you think you are man enough?
Dancing in the rain (:
Loved the RC years. Ran the program with class and dignity
Enjoying my day off and meeting up with Marcus Strickland later to talk bizness.
NO THIS IS PATRICK
I gotta go bbl ;)
"Aww they're the cutest ever!!" -Every woman ever on a child they see.
DOUBLE PLAY!!! Andy is back!!
hey Prince, follow me on instagram: arianax013
Doesn't load on my phone. :P
loves it!
just because im freaking out on you doesnt mean youre the one im actually mad at .
you never know how strong you are, until being strong is the only choice you have.
I start a master gardener program tonight. Four months of fertilizer, pruning, and pest control. Oh, and growing stuff too.
fuck yeah it does :)
Cinco de Mayo is the 1 day where the McDonalds manager opens the manual to see if the McRib dip needs a masculine or feminine Spanish prefix
Baseball today & tomorrow
Happy Friday which means Happy First Day of Beer Week!
#BackWhenIWasAKid I use to love me some Jane Kennedy
if teams could steal first they would be able to do so against the Sox. Awful
I'm so happy because today I found my friends - they're in my head. - Kurt Cobain
I like you. But it's possible that you need to go for the sympathy vote. Beg. Christians will give. Voting is free.
Nor is Justin Bieber a Jesus...
Only at #BlogathonATX do we have "Official Minions"
commentator just said #Badgers have been in tourney 14 straight years, 7th longest streak in college bball HISTORY
LOL...I only have 2 random tickets left, and they are not together. Let me know if you want one or both.
and selection is not influenced? hard for me to think about movements or trends without influence. where can i read more?
The presence of Christ in your life can make your challenges manageable when you are depending on his strength.
10-0 Cardinal run has #Stanford up 26-14 with 12:20 to play 1st half. #UMass struggling with a boatload of turnovers and Stanford hot start
Hey! Reefer! How can I tweet you if you don't follow in kind? Durp...LOL
thanks, but with Statistician/Mgr Durham moving east of Lake Michigan, we are likely to disappoint our blog follower(s).
:) Bucs game today :)
LAWREN.....WHERE ART THOU??
no doubt man, will do!
Got a win tonight against Patrick Henry of Minneapolis...79 to 71. Go Blazers!
indeed! And cloudformation works very well with both Chef and Puppet
Who should be held responsible for your failures?
Haha,yep.She is a cute one
Join us for one of our signature pastas, like our warm Baked or Four Cheese Ravioli for dinner.
Tomorrow begins the Spelling Bee.
My tweet about Yellow Pages struck a nerve with a few ex co-workers. Love you guys none the less.
He blesses continuously *smiles* People better start being grateful for even the smallest things!
"I'll tell you one thing, it's always better when we're together."
Are you going to join and I at the #TXScotRiteAccessLux sponsor party tonight...hope so!
haha nothin much, ready for the weekend! how about yourself?
Ha ha ha! That is so funny. Maybe you can get a dreadlock wig and try it out first, if you're not joking.
I am so thankful that the blue jays traded Juan Rivera to the dodgers...
For those of you who ordered the "conjoined" shirt in grey, we apologize but it is completely sold out. We have changed it to black instead.
Haha. Good point. I can't wait for the new iPhone to come out. I'm switching to Verizon.
RT : If someone is important to you tell them, tell them now and tell them often and while you're at it, show them too.
What installer bug? :)
I dont kno if its just me but what kind of question is "what is making you bored?"
Fake tans aren't cute, and neither are you.
#GhettoWaysToDie shooting up the people who are trying to give you cash for keys to your place when you're in foreclosure
Good luck to everyone and the start of their finals this morning
Yay! You are so brave! Makes me feel silly debating about bangs for ages and ages and doing.
Anyways, lemme pulse the people to see what's going on around the world. dmp
My little brother just told me he's favorite color is pink wtf he has pick tennis racket
love you!
We're not. Please plan accordingly. :P
I hate when people steal large amounts from our store and it's obvious and no one does anything about.
yes that rights im a girl AND A GAMER dont hit on me silly boys~~!
She wants you to hold on to her no matter how much the relationship seems like its fallen apart.
good luck to you big guy. and to the surgeon
Fightin' round the world!
follow me on twitter
Doll! I'd love to pull some of your great looks for my shoot! email me @ ! xox
What's your schedule looking like for next week? Would love to have you out to speak in Tempe!
KILLER BILL: The Super Vacations: Invisible Hand: Mas Y Mas in Norfolk, VA Saturday!
we plan one quarter at a time...
Too lazy to do homework... I'll pay some one to do it for me ;D I Hate Mondays ...
How are the finest people alive doing today? xo
theme: great school libraries are not about things but about people
"plan b is my breakfast"
May's here, and graduation is right around the corner! What do you like to come in for when you're feeling especially celebratory?
Pres Obama called for extending the production tax credit for #wind and other #renewable energy
didn't fix it :(
Back to Colorado - but via Dulles? Ouch
Shopping for a new headshot photographer is NOT easy! UGH!
i don't feel good :/
love can never seem to leave that store:-) me n my daughter shopping4 her show 2morrow. who knew one outfit would take so long .
Tomorrow is Friday and I have a lot to get done today!
you've been having grape issues lately? wtf? haha.
Scal, Lucas, James are UFA. Omer is RFA. Korver, Watson and Brewer are non-guaranteed, meaning we have them if we want them.
the mayor thatz thang gone go
Spending time with my sweetie
you need practice!
Yup. Figured out how to do that in QGIS.
Avery Bradley's injury is to his left shoulder (the one injured before) and he will be re-evaluated at halftime, per
After a bit of a break went back to the trainer this morning
DM We are trying to tackle autism learning and putting together an advisory list of occasional contacts. AVG 1hr / Qtr. ???
thanks to and for putting on a great event last night - nice also seeing , and
Ok, but you have to take some of mine, lol.
Why is Hustle & Flow always on?
Pass the mic man! Dang! We see you! We know you! Geesh, let someone else talk!
I'm glad you're safe and sound (right?). I'm holding up amid writing madness.
glad to see the link to on you latest issue ;) thank u!
me lo dices. I need a new phone
Followers: I did not send those tweets that said "someone was sayin bad things about you." For some reason this one website did! Thanks!
My legs are still aching from yesterday. we practiced Hungar. I stayed 3'5 ft from the ground the entire time. (I'm 5'9)+ learned a flip.
I need a car to pile-out and be with because another second alone is going to kill me.
Thanks for foreman, It's a great tool.
I won't sleep tonight until you follow me!;) PLEASE AUSTIN and I love your room!:)
RT : Nice job NY for catching up to Iowa in the human rights department :) <Maybe Ohio can repeal stupid ban put in its Constitution>
Life is beautiful
I can't wait for the #Flyers game to start in the middle of the second period.
How's radical leftism and communism working for Europe? Oh wait - it isn't. It's bankrupting them.
Chancellor takes stage. Reads letter from parents of Melissa '12 expressing love for campus and
D: I thought we didn't start till april 2nd?
oh gee that is crazy. It's pretty chilly at night here (40s) but days are still long and warm.
So the bummer part of having gone out of town, due to work, is that I missed most of SXSW :[
early day at work. getting my coffee & taking aaron to work.
changed and edited some things. now i have a bit more privacy :)
What's the use of followers if they don't tweet to anything u say
Although work is definitely happening, this feels rather vacation-like too. A lovely way to break composer lockdown!
Cissy Houston 'Walk on By Faith': Whitney Houston's Mother Releases Gospel Songs
Love wine? Mondays only! 50% off any bottles of wine from our Wine List.Complement w/great food!Salute Cucina & Wine bar! 46 East Superior!
so i can add me lol and yeah you should!!
It's a rainy day, so the mall is going to be mobbed. Come visit MacMedics for your Mac needs today instead. We're here 9-1 in Millersville.
I want a huge fish tank in my future house
Auburn has the best fans in the country.
So serious. I'm gonna need a bigger desk!
I think Doug Melvin is in on that one, too.
R.ii.P Michael Jackson !
omg such a good episode
A Very Happy New Year to Everyone. Be blessed and prosper.
cont. "Try to get on as many teams as u can!" #sdp2p cont.
Dear where are the jalapeño chips? I've searched high and low.
I have something to do with my club but if they don't call me by 8 we out....and I need a nap
Grateful grateful grateful!!!
NumbersUSA is pro-America and is dedicated to protecting jobs for Americans.
hahaha. I myself would beg to differ
Me. Too.
My sister called me and just breathed into the phone it was supposed to be a prank but i guss she forgot about caller ID
Just opened for Lunch! Try our buffet..soups, salads, appetizers, entress and desserts huge selection for $11!!
Did you tell them about your Bueno performance?
I want Kobe to win his 6th ring..but I'm not a Laker fan anymore. So now I'm going for either OKC or Miami.
accomplished 4 homework assignments and finished a website plus went skating. nice day.
We can't wait to see you back on the field! #speedkills #brewdat RT: I can't wait. To play again”
Watch for the great debates of 2012 - Same Sex Marriage, Taxing the Wealthy, Flipflopping on Issues, Economy, and Spending Cuts
I like when I have nothing to do
Whom have I in heaven but you? And earth has nothing I desire besides you My flesh & my heart may fail but God is the strength of my heart &
“: Oh, you ball so hard? I bet motherfuckers want to fine you.”
To my new followers, welcome to the family. And as of right now I'm following you as well
i love yall too! Twitter is my posting board for my random rants.
never thot that b4 - tomorrow will never be today no matter how many yesterdays Today would be tomorrow if today was yesterday.
perfect day for a grand opening ehh? Can't wait... #TGIF !
Thanks, and happy birthday!
You + library card -> knowledge. (It's an exothermic reaction, which is why all librarians are so hot.)
Good idea RT : I suggest this election day that everyone just writes themselves in. Wow
Oceanside, NY. Any places in L.I.?
like seriously....now its a game again...
Charlene wouldn't even let me LOOK at the list, let alone vote. So, I have NO IDEA.
Thanks to a special twitter follower for being my chauffeur this evening. Plus one for bringing allergy medicine :).
awesome. Thanks for the invite. I always like your point of view on here. Where do I find you
New blog post: Second BCS Bowl Bid for the Big Ten - Iowa or Penn State? #ncaa, #bigten,
very nice indeed.. What building will you be in? I work at USX -- we could do a lunch with weiyner and petrina
Keynote #intlib10 - Think like a user
"Mexican Shrimp Ceviche"...for dinner on our Restaurant Week menu tonight. It's incredible...come taste it and you'll love it!
looks good Baron. Have a great day :)
. | EvoNexus opens downtown hub for tech firms ~ Second incubator will house software, Internet & media companies...
I don't know but I like your profile pic.
I don't know why I'm this exhausted :/
I'm so sorry to hear about your grandfather. Hugs!!
Thanks for the margaritas last night and great networking.
Just heard a cover of "Like My Dog" on Americas Funniest Home Videos. Good exposure!
beginning to understand how Batman feels... been holed up in the Man-cave for the past 3 days waiting for a signal from the commissioner
Thank you sir.
Elizabeth Hash
No one does it better than <3
Is a resident of a territory a US citizen (grandparents)? Is a person born to these ppl in a foreign country a citizen (dad)?
nacho rolled tacos all up in this piece. This car ride is about to get popping
Google desktop searches both my D drive and outlook emails too
The dare Michael drew is too long to fit in a tweet that also contains his name. So, it's in the next one. #dareproject 1/25!
lol we're goin to the super bowl next year!
Omw to school SUPER late with , we some badassses lmao
Your Just a Day Dream Away <3
Nothing that happens today can separate me from God's love and His purpose for my life.
I thought I was gonna die it hurt so bad
Congrats to you, Katy Perry! This is a major game changer.
I got my account this morning, too! Excited to give it a spin.
Where have you been?? *Where* are you?
The moment when someone you knew a long time ago starts flirting with you .__.
I'm mentally preparing myself for tonight's game. So nervous <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0> Relax! Relate! Release! Let's get it
Motivation, Parent Engagement and preparing for the turbulent job market come to mind. What do you think, ?
thanks so much for coming to Ethan's party. He's so happy you're here with us. We really appreciate it.
Congrats to and the team for a successful #VSFashionShow live pre-show with over 300,000 tweets!
My LoG ships in two days. Can't wait!!!
Nice RT : It's about 75 degrees outside, i think i'll stay in, bust into some Nietzsche and think about a few things
G.M.N.I.: I woke up breathing. I'm going to bed the same way. Life is good.
#Home (:(: Goodnight!! Sleep well everyone!! <3 you all!!:D
I start my day at 3:00am sadly :(
the flowers were INCREDIBLE!!!! Knocked my socks off...
Finished Season 1. Way better than Grey's Anatomy!! :3
Well THAT was bullshit.
#SXSW is now to #Austin as #MardiGras is to #New Oreleans!
Sitting at Misha's coffeeshop preparing to teach my second-to-last class of VT's summer session tonight in Old Town.
Miss you too! I'll be back tomorrow :)
#Laundry “Few tasks are more like the torture of Sisyphus than housework, with its endless repetition. ~ Simone de Beauvoir
Looking for Cash Back or Points from credit card processing. Why not just pay less in the first place? Then take some extra perks...
Im giving up lent.For Lent!
ur kicked out.
they left this morning...
would you mind showing Harry twitlonger? It would mean a lot to her! (:
happy to have you following me. Thank you:
Home in time for the 3rd period puck drop! It's time for the CAPS to light the lamp! #NHL #StanleyCupPlayoffs #CAPS v #Bruins!
Sitting here minding a munchkin and watching Rochester OD, I really have to try Esperanza Castle some time.
Duke of Serutan
I know you're pulling for the old team!
blessings to u to
No, it's the MAN version. Check it out! :)
well,that was easy!;)
Too bad Gaga and Madonna don't get along because with both of them going on tour, it would be awesome to see them cover each other's songs.
michele often comes to our show on Sunday nights. come with him one night as our guest!
I'll always be second best among the rest </3
Unintentional need for hate and greed.
hey sweetie thanks for saying happy b-day to me I wish you was at my b-day party I would love for you to. Be there
RT : Plan 2 do something super cool 4 a senior ths w/e. Send a card, flowers , cook a meal.
If you're into penny stocks, I suggest you check out LUSI. Big momentum coming and rumors of a big PR will take this to the top, trust me.
“ A cute face gotta count for something ;)”
Creativity is to see what everyone else has seen but to think what no one else has thought.
I so hope I passed this fuckin test...this job means everything to me...
I like that you actually read my tweets. Makes me feel loved.
I want some ice cream...
Ur not alone during the dreaded QLC! Check out the 4 Gutsy girls facing their fears & blogging about their QLCs
RT: : is the move tonight.. The #330 will be in there HEAVY--> out twice in 1 week. Love it!
Spellings of Mark's name from this press campaign so far: "Danciger" "Danzigers" and also "Marc".
Is everyone having trouble with the discussion posts this week?!?
make it available for mobile! I'm on the way home and want to watch :)
Just realized that I enjoy watching the NHL infinitely more than the NBA
How are things going today?
#ChuckNorris doesn't actually write books...the words just assemble themselves out of fear.
It hurts to sit down; good workout
Retrain Tip: All cleansing methods are not the same. Do the research & consult a RD or seek other medical advice.
I bet I accomplish as much, if not more than u sweetie. Plus u seem to be keeping up with every single one of my tweets.
Wiki'd Favorite uncredited role: Person Standing Next to Phone during Fight in Club. Also notable: Rib Joint Customer.
I miss Boondocks
it's funny because no one likes him.
do you look at the tp after number 2? i think rorsach did. that's what inspired the ink blot test.
Double wow :)
I work better with the window open!
Last night's Mad Men episode left a Joan shaped hole in my heart.
Email more information on what you need help with to lisa (@) supermedia.com - we'll get you connected with someone who can help
would be fun to meet up and share some stories while we're there. let me know if you get some free time
Only 11 more to 300! RT and Follow us ..help us get one step closer to #findacure!! Support and #makeachange :)
Happy Mother's Day
I'm growing my hair back it's gonna be down to the middle of my back again!cant wait?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
#RPM restructuring: 2 cars for 2011
Are u supposed to tip the mechanic? How much if so? Flat rate or a percentage?
No matter how bad a day can go, everytime I listen to hair, I always feel happy. Thank you for the awesome album. <3
how was the pita put amanda.. i love you. and cute picture. im going to see you at the mall tomorrow. c:
SPSS has froze every time I recode a variable - it allows one recode & then freezes. Reboot, recode, freeze... again. Er,
Well *now* you've hit the big time.
had my whopper, and ate it too.
BULLY, the documentary film, is playing May 11 - 15 at New Town Regal Theater! Find out more info on Bully's Facebook page!
Thankful today for our partners and supporters and LEAP Academy
Thank you for sharing our content!
BYE~BYE everyone <33 love you ;** see you tomorrow!
Nothing will ever come between us, cause I'll be standing right next to you.<3
Ignorance that does not bend to correction (the wisdom of others like yourself) stops being ignorance and becomes stupidity.
What are you doing today Wisconsin?
“: 168. Before I die, I will be the maid of honor in a wedding.”
Brady at one point had twice as many touchdowns as tebow had completions 6-3.
:O I'M SO CONFUSED
“: S/O to I'll be trying to cop backstage passes to his concert one day!!!” only bc you passed me in soph English
"I was nearly sent to the hospital because I could not convince the school nurse that my head had always been this shape." best text ever.
who can we trust to evaluate the transcript
“: #ShitNewOrleansGirlsSay......Bitch dem drinks got me right,right!!!!”
Work work work... Kill me
So it's that kinda party. (Girl look at that body, I WORK OUT <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>. )
Heat vs Lakers today. I feel bad for the Lakers, Lol.
Prince of the City
Thanks for getting him through.
I know for puppies' nonstop chomping, it helps to make high pitched yelps like their siblings would if being bit too hard.
I'm goin to Raleigh to shop tomorrow
Work hard to get what you like, otherwise you will be forced to like what you get O_o
And Posey's climb back to a .300 avg starts with a single up the middle.
#tasteofuptown is right now! please come and show your support
I feel like grooving
ohh go to grand caymon !my parents and i went their and fell in love and now we have a time share there(:
OKC is NOT playing games about these blocks... geez!
Compromise is the welcome mat to deception. So be sure you know who's at the door before you answer it.
Haha the unavoidable things in life. Glad to hear you can work through them though
Friday Humor: "When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water."- Author Unknown
only 4 hrs of sleep this weekend and its not over yet-haha!
": Atlanta's BEST attorney #iSalute" thanks if u live in south fulton or douglass
Authorities Respond To Early Morning House Fires
we're you at the east aurora theatre tonight..
of course!!!! I've been waiting for forever!!!, lol.
That is a big NO....I sometimes wonder if all humans have one!
Is it a Dell running Ubuntu?
"It’s no coincidence the people who call the cops when parties get loud are the people who never get invited to parties."
Ah ! iPhone y u no do what I say !!
Almost 300 Twitter followers! If we get to 300 by the time Ep. 2 premiers on Tue. we will be totally psyched. Thnx to all of our followers!
Couples names are to be put in alphabetical order... Alvin and the chipmunka. Daveis ruffkin and the temptaions. Boy ans girl
we keep it private... I do still love you, you know..
Coke brought back the polar bears for THAT?!
thanks Angelina. We will soon. :)
Thanks for the mention and the pin! Glad we could be helpful.
Who’s got plans for a pizza party this weekend?
Thanks & welcome to all our new followers.... Tell your friends to follow us & stay tuned for great things coming soon!!
excited to catch up soon!! :)
Huge downer .. my phone case wasn't here when I got home ..!!! :@
RT 18 out if 500 good news? getting better-few years ago 2 maybe- aging in!
lol yeah that's a real cake my nigga
“: How is it "spin"? #wirecall #wiunion #tcot” spin b/c compiled by loony DWD under -wait, huh? Walker appointee Newson?
Wow! One of the most amazing shows we have played. Thank you so much to all of you who came to support us! We'll see you soon!
Nba league pass is free til the 8th. I'm on 1
Ha I'm about to vox someone... I still never used it
You've never tried it before? Yeah it is sweet, I'd give it a try if I were you!
Really don't feel like going out tonight
ah yes, forgot about the sex change procedure!! Still need me to pick you up??
yeah(: me too
u have to follow me again it wont let me inbox
Teamwork, Delegation, and Efficiency, the smart way to tackle problems!
Thanks for the retweets! Happy Friday!
Sure, fire away- I do custom work just depends on quantity, etc. If I was a faster painter I could do more:) what do u want to do?
Chicka Yeah! We've got some entries for our #KeyToBlackKeys ticket giveaway going on NOW through Monday Check the # for details!
Headed east? Follow or
Giff's Liquors. Brilliant.
Positive emotion and creativity are connected. They need each other. Creativity also needs movement and time.
Missing my small group kids tonight!
I feel special! c'':
#askObama Ans 5. Wants talented people to come and start biz here.
Another confirmed judge at me: I am shaping up to have QUITE the panel of mentors and judges.
You as well!
Hey it's Pearl on Twitter
aha, art isn't your strong point eh?
are you?
Hey Todd! I teach HS and want to show my students the Dateline episode on racial bullying. Where can I find the whole video?
Because #Newt goes for connecting everything, that makes him cooler? Or just unable to distinguish between objects, like an infant?
Mane it's freezing in here..
I am dying over photo of you and your muse she is amazing and you my friend are a master at pushing the envelope!
oh my goodness giovana
Life is a big canvas, throw all the paint on it you can. -Danny Kaye
My daughter is gonna be on the Grammy stage in 10 years. Put a stamp on it.
omg! Tell him to follow me!! Lol(;
Best part of owning a Kindle: free classics. Worst part: when it's destroyed by a good slam to the kitchen floor by the 2 year old. Tears.
young money thanks for follow
Any Hints?
me to ... We're by the airport . -amber
I'll wager one #Levainbakery choc chip cookie that the #Patriots win today. RT : i love super bowl sunday!
awesome, probably be down today for it and see what else catches my fancy
I love me some good barbecue!
saw ya reunion ,, u look great !!
Stuller: Buffy is an example of the female hero's communal journey: she elevates her friends to chosen family and empowers them.
Agree that EVERY DAY should be Earth Day - in terms of non-toxic and chemical free, around children and all!
Haha. Not your fault! After the fourth call, which was about parking I had to do something! I had no clue who to direct them to!
I see a lot of people today complaining about the bail-outs but no other solutions offered.
I just came by to say hi, and that I'm back, and I've missed my food companion.
Save the Date for our Charity Happy Hour on September 22! More details coming soon!
Red eye correction makes people look like they have no soul
336: I'm thankful for the smell of roses!
Obama Faces Questions on Federal Fight for Same Sex Marriage: But last week, in an interview with “Good Morning America's” Robin Robe...
Telling me NOT to do something is like saying "Stephanie,Do this"
folks u kno we ain't playing w/ these soft ass Milwaukee niggas...
no rain
Stupidity is contageous. Stay away from it.
JUST MUZZLE MY HEARTS OPEN DNT MEAN IMA LET U N
drake lyrics damn irish
#Dodgers beating #StL 11-0 going into the 9th. Why hello 10 game lead. Nice to meet you.
..I went in just to train w/the previous operations mngr. She was SO much better than the evil girl who tried to sabatoge me.
haha actually you'd probably do this in soccer !
jealous of the cool hair? lol
Has any player in the history of baseball (other than Josh Hamilton) hit 4 HRs in one game without PULLING one for a HR ?
that's a classic. not off the top of my head… will look into it.
I don't even remember :p it was either Matt or Liam. or both. haha
Tomlinson is currently a free agent, so not on a roster. If he was he would have the lead.
omNOMONOKMN I just ate all of your candy. And that's okay, I guess :''''(
I love fresh new socks!!
Redemption flows through repentance! Picturing His redemption means you look from a heart of your repentance.
Looking forward to our first summit in sunny Boca Raton, FL October 21-24, 2012. Application for interested men will be available soon!
Hold on to your pants, just upgraded to an iPhone 4! Look out social media outlets I'm going mobile!
RT : You can't drive a parked car. Sometimes we need to get our lives out of "park."
no but i'm actually so nervous...
whoever those other 2 are for, I will knife fight them for your entertainment
where did you find such treasure?? I haven't found DD coffee since I moved out here
I going to sleep :)
Can't believe Salty's problem used to be throwing it short. Now he's just throwing it past the base.
I understand my Spanish grade is killin me to!
Playing games on a ipod totally kills the battery -.-
damn auto correct - high school girls
I will have to learn that a friend made <U+200B><U+200B>for social networks always distrusted off you :/
Caught part of the set! great to see music in there!!
To all the USF students who are heading up to Tallahassee today...go kick some ass!!!
#FF Thanks to for spreading the word about
Yep, it's part of the experiment too. Harsh when I'm in the midst of it, but at times can look more impersonally as "data."
sad that it's funny and sad that it's true!
Awesome; thanks for the feedback!
bitches just don't know how gorg Niall is in my <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
Thanks to everyone who came out to support the CAFM Holiday Party! Lot's of fun...too much drinking and many prizes!
look at me now
Hi. I'd like to send you a story about an event we're doing next wk w/ a La Mesa school. Is there an email I should use? Tx.
Welcome Lomax Middle School teacher to twitter!
Zumba then off to the park with baby bug <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
two minutes to go, Japan on the attack
Is plain text saying closed, a better solution than removing a pin? I dont think so.
#LMAO! Bahrainis probably share property with that airport xD
Come on Kyle Chandler! Win it!
i want 100 followers cry :(
Welch's fruit gummi snacks--they taste good and aren't too high in calories. How about you?
S/O for the follow.
Holly totally digs me
Not sure what I have planned today but I'm gonna make the best of it. #positivity :)
I don't want this. I want you.
My mom is my hero and my super hero. I love you so much! You bring me happiness. I love you mommy
"There is absolutely nothing at all wrong with being a slut.” PREACH IT! I've been waiting for somebody to agree with me on this!
RT : at #LiNC - community is no longer a silo. Plays a key role in social across multiple LOBs
Just got the newamerica. EP and you should def give it a download. Check it out @ newamerica.bandcamp.com
#YouKnowYourHigh when you start crying on the ferris wheel cause its going too fast. 2012 fair ftw..
We're excited to have 100 followers (thanks )! Like what we do? Recommend us to your followers!
S/O to Stop reading this tweet and follow her dammit!
xxnx! I've tried porn hub before... Not the greatest!
thanks for the awesome season!!!!
I love how you love Austin to(:
Actors on LA casting - they're still looking for a body double for the Elizabeth Taylor role.
Wats up wit all diz country shit, All diz shit is true country especially his old werid deep ass
“: I hate jose quervo.” well that answers our question. Jose it is.
Couldn't ask for anything more in life right now. So happy with the great friends and girl that I got and most important great family
Goodmorning! #thankyou Video up today! You guys are awesome. Shout out to the best Publicist in the world
Wish I had suggested it to you sooner. :P
Follow me please!! I love you!! Love it... the video
First act (play) Wow! Powerful.
Who wants to make a difference? Join a committee like Community Service, University Teaching, or President’s Lecture committee. Ask us how
Good morning!
Dont turn out the lights now lights now lights now...Finish the lyrics
I just killed some chicken nuggets
#MyFavoriteText good morning
Some things were never meant to be.
Aw you're the best!
Hell yes!!! I hope I can make it down to Texas.. You're going to have an amazing time, and I hope we're there with you. <3 bri
my friends are just like that. I'll text them but after like 5 text they don't answer back. It pissed me off.
"...I will not in any way fail you nor give you up nor leave you... I will not, I will not, I will not ...forsake you!" - heb 13:5
I hate when people forget to text me back you that lazy c'mon yo
now I need a big house with a barn to buy me a Linotype
Walk out each day. And say thank you for acts of kindness. Without today, tomorrow will not be.
RT : NEW THURSDAY NIGHT EXIT 21 at BE THERE!!!
I haven't been out of the states in a while. I'm in Martha's Vineyard right now.
girl, perfick timing. i just wrote you a manifesto last nite on facebook. check that shit!!!!
Q4ext: yes! We have website for all advisors on campus which lists key dates, contacts, sample apt scripts, orientation schedules
is cool shit
Watching Raw, reading Twilight, and eating Doritos... I'm multitasking :D
Is that Cooper Manning on the tightrope?
On my to 350 highway Walmart (:
": Like the opening scene in a porn." Did someone order a pizza with extra sausage?!
Dear , please cancel the George & Drew Show and air the Rockies instead. Signed, All Colorado Rockies Fans.
What do you think happened to Maryellyn Moffit? Love your work, especially civic dedication.
noo you use to blow up twitter with tanning stuff haha
It is DRAFT DAY! WNBA Draft is upon us people. Solid #1 Pick - Nneka Ogwumike to the LA Spark.
It's officially my birthday week!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
#wigan #conspiracy wow
gonna get offline so i can keep reading, goodnight guys!!
Photo Tip of the Day: If you only have one source of lighting and are out doors, try a reflector! The sun + gold reflector = Bronzy tones :)
Dear girl in the library thats fucking pumped that she has axe at home. Shut the fuck up.
I'm from the gutter man I'm use to not having a lot
Everybody follow my main homie he just got a twitter and his tweets are so funny #teamfollowback CG! Help a brotha out
Integrated-Visual Science Informatics - final talk- Patient Oriented Visualization Methodology #mobihealth Techniques to improve care
Respect those friends who find time for you in their busy schedule, but really LOVE those who never see their schedule when you need them.
Justin Bieber is so cute!!!!
Good idea! Sadly, some of my colleagues ignore the "must read" posts in one group.
It's not often that PR and pro sports collide - thanks for the RT!
Thanks! :) Checked out your Jordan pix, looks like you had a pretty awesome time yourself!
Woa I like it like that. She working that back idk how to act. Slow motion for me. Slow motion for me.
with TSC hell yea, but luckily i'm planning to bring a new addiction to the world -->
You know what also sounds good right now, a smoothie<3 preferably strawberry and banana (:
Thanks! Are you coming tonight?
I agree. I can't believe there aren't more members of the support groups that do exist. Can't wait to hear how yours goes.
Follow me Please .<U+2665> It would be a dream come true. Love you! Have a great Easter.<U+2665>
The brain is always more legit though. Get yo paper playas.
Duritz is the best since Morrison and Dylan.
Friendship often ends in love but love in friendship--never.
Don't know where my baby cakes is at :(
It's $2 Labatt Blue Tall Boy Day! Perfect for all of you coming in to watch hockey tonight!
Make that five people piled out.
Good to see some of the Habitat family @ Community Plunge. Now let the countdown to the 1st Build Day begin.
#NickCarr talking about how social networking platforms used in a very tailored way has changed the way we do business.
I have to check my dates...
That awkward moment when there's a group of people crowded together and your just on the side by yourself xD
Thank you, Mike!
im there
I am at the job unfortunately
The Mass Lottery: Supporting our 351 cities & towns* since 1971! *also supporting the gubernatorial aspirations of a few State Treasurers.
yea... once i move, nothing will be da same... o crap, ima start crying....
Join us for lunchtime yoga today. 45 minute class. New clients: 1 week free unlimted group class & 1 free private pilates reformer class.
Happy Holidays to all our friends!
i maybe in the shower. If so. Ill just send you filthy tweets today. Harry potters wand style.
If twitter had a 'like' button I would push it!
The captain and I are best friends :)
I Mac like Goldie
Not sure it can be done. The library in that pic is using an open source ILS they can customize.
I would find that very annoying
No love from either side of the field !
I have a Jason McCann love story <3
Tweeting from my new iphone, yet I'm still not hip, cool or whatever the kids say these days.
Thank you(: It was really bothering me, so I needed to vent(:
yippee! new episode of
hehehe I guess he does. (: -Kayla
had an amazing day pushing carts
and there goes Nick Perry
2nd Annual foodie & wine fest:) gonna be fab! rocks!
lol funny man
Cory, I said NEVER and I meant NEVER!
Love how people on cheaters say " it's not what you guys think just a big misunderstanding" #
really? First hearing boa helped w anything
shite. I may or may not have forgotten about today. I have an appt after work. Tomorrow?
RT "Never leave home without your internal compass."
Who's stoked for Christmas? Maybe on Christmas day we'll lower the price of our merch a little :)
#HPTweet2WIN It would be good to copy apps on Mac to this one?
I miss you too!
Amen, haha. No sir, I have it on Thursday. Not looking forward to it!
Soo, I went to my job interview... & I got the job!!:)
its the down and out slider that gets your swooping swing EVERY time
I'm pretty sure people still don't know how to pronounce my name.
“Persistence is to the character of man(& woman) as carbon is to steel.” - Napoleon Hill
Will join us for our fall launch?
Well, one, I'm blind as a bat, two, I zone out a lot, and three you're lying because I'm not that blind! :3
But at least Lebron aint fuckin up this game. It D Wade.
you rock kelly kelly your my favorite diva
The Pepsi center is getting ready to explode again
“: I don't even care about having a boyfriend at the moment. I just wanna fuck bitches get money and get drunk.” nice!!!!
Florida on Tuesday <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4><U+2600> & back to New York June 1st to visit some stud <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> lots & lots to look forward to.
guy out there with a vuvuzela sounds like hamsandwich.wmv
I miss you!
Please all our followers go to www.watchnhllive.com and register and take part in making a great forum and a great hockey place thanks enjoy
Tut Tut Holly. That's just too easy. It's Mr. Tuttle
Always good to hear with the O's, Strohs and Natty Bohs call. Hope for many more in the coming months!
its a variety, obv it needs some to climb onto, you have to train it at first
Now it's Rattie with a power play goal. What a one two punch.
Any CURRENT sex workers/students in LA willing to talk about their experiences on the radio? Email: Please RT
": Be careful not to be so focused on someone else's life that you miss out on the blessings that God has for you."
thx bro. Have a great weekend. Preseason baseball tomorrow. Lovin it.
First day if school today! So fun! Who else started today?
Season finale of Gossip Girl! Go go go!
Thanks!!! Team effort all the way around!! RT “: Congrats on the record!”
I have a feeling Vince Wilfork will be "Manning" the Giants backfield tomorrow!
I am poop GOD WHY does that exist pls
Felix is gonna make me eat that tweet.
Thanks for including me in your top stories today.
are you still looking for b-day party space? the bldg our print studio is in has an event space that might work. still pretty raw.
I love me some you've had to deal with a lot of shit lately and just wanted to know I love you :)
#10FacebookTips Don't put your personal love problems on it , know that once you put that the whole world knows .
I know I should be prepping for my audition but I had to open the burner bins for Lucidity and now I can't stop dancing... I SMELL PLAYA!!
At least xavier doesnt hate me
did you get a refund?
Mornings off are lethal for afternoon productivity! Note to self--take the WHOLE day off next time!!
Congrats on 3 Yrs ...
Best Discount Baby Carrier Best Cheapest: Babybjörn Miracle Baby ...
We're recruiting law students to live tweet from our Spring Meeting in Las Vegas, 3/22-3/24. Contact
Very bummed by the move to teaser RSS. I get it, but now your posts are just noise in my feed reader, instead of, you know, news.
Oxy Microsoft: Click Start to shut down
I lost my wallet and I got punched in the eye. FUCK YOU WORLD.
Niall once argued with the security for 30 minutes at the airport, because they told him he couldn’t bring food on the plane.
that's my boy
I feel like I'm living in the golden age of the comic book geek these days, lots of movies I never thought I'd ever see.
that Wilford Brimley took one look at him and instantly started pronouncing "diabetes" correctly.
Who's tuned into WHAM 1180 for the Jim Salmon Show??
My deepest condolences go out to you, for tomorrow I shall not give a single Fuck :)
Abusing Someones Trust Is Like Telling A Huge Secret To People You Barely Know. Gain the trust and be responsible for your actions.
Can animals commit suicide?
Crushed Olympic snatch workout, did a set of bench presses & ring pull ups, hit a 1:00/0:15 x 5 round #kettlebell & row workout, ran 2 miles
I think I'll be in school tomorrow! I hope! And when it pic says Delena is it referring to vampire diaries or Demi and Selly?
Yonas and Jake Miller are pretty good... But they aint got shit on Childish
Come on. The Cubs still have a chance. Ah, you're right. All you have left are the Bears :)
Could Today Finally Be The Day you Notice me? or is it always gonna be a dream. follow me<3 1
idk man maybe tomorrow...that coo?
Ah, good point. Though at least the lack of punctuation spacing is more formally "correct." Not even worth the spacer gif.
Very handsome, you mean??? Yes, I agree! LOL!
It's one of those things people are becoming more aware of even if it doesn't directly affect them. It's suprisingly common
Date night with <3
If corps. are people enough to be protected by 1st amendment then why are they not taxed as an individual?
I just walked back from the gym. Man oh man is it nice outside. I love it!!!
You are the light of the world. A city on a hill cannot be hidden. ~Matthew 5:14
"if the situation is not changed, I will be a physical and psychological wreck. I have to reorganize my personality and reorient my life.."
Jennifer just clicked on me, will I walk with her to school tomorrow? Hm...
Making a difference means looking inside ourselves and finding our greatness and sharing with others so try can be great too
awesome! Have always wanted to go LA.
Like the demo...eye think everything looks good up untill the end. Not satisfied with how big the "eye am ready" took up the whole screen
OMG he might be punning
see you in dallas...when the packers are in SB XLV!
A very percussive touch even on the quieter stuff
Yeah I looked at the site(downloading it). I dunno if its a traditional openbeta or what exactly..but hey. :P)
Hi, cute leprechaun! Happy St. Patricks Day! :) xoxo Love you!
Follow me and my squad We Follow Back!
SATURDAY 10/30: Taboo's "Dead Sexy" Halloween Party & Fashion Show w/ Microjoy, Four 50 Four, Pedals on our Pirate Ships! DOORS @ 8pm! (+18)
Can our teams BOTH start with a shutout????
~~ Read Tip 1/7 ~~ Techniques to maximize the effect of statistics part 1: Hint at its importance.
Todays gone dead fast
Brilliant ball by Fabregas. Delighted to see divey cheater Messi miss. The best of rooting for Cesc yet hoping Milan advance.
Getting ready today for another theatre wedding at the beautiful, historic Paramount Theatre!
I hear ya brother! I hate that sh*t too.
Mr. President, stop talking so much and get back to work.
Congratulations on your Tour. Do you have your single on YouTube by any chance?
RT“ Why does your words speak louder than your actions? Explain that ..”
you can nowadays
lol quick put down, thank you sir
William is being a jealous bitch right now -.- and we are juss friends hahaha
And I'm rapping in the beats they were supposed to buy, I guess I'm gettin high off my own supply
Yooooo July 9 report date ft bucanon Puerto Rico fo three years lets get it!!!
hoping that Japan gets some relief from its weather issues.
Also, the food atlas shows a correlation between soda (or in MN pop) consumption and adult onset diabetes.
well, that didn't last long. Haha
RT : fucking LOVE Katy Perry's new song!!!! #PartOfMe anyone else?? Bitch I'm obssesed
my dad is yelling in my ear about football. yelling is not gonna do anything. besides kill my eardrums. shhhh.
Ant looked like scoring at all but starting to get it together. 2 in 20 mins
Words can't even describe my love for Kyle Wiltjer! Hahaha
people learn little from success but much from failure :)
One of the top ten holidays of the year. 's birthday.
Thank you!! Stay cool!
I think with the cameras being in they face so often they act a certain way for attention andon't want to look scary
Awesome. Can't wait!
Sad Panda & havent swung by yet
no pink is better!
Your doing something right when your getting free dinner and drinks!
Worried bout my momma over there in London... make it home safe
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!20
He only drinks wines from the 60's......1860's
Those nights you just keep tossing and turning in bed <<<
Stros game tomorrow with the fam!
i always found that emma girl the most annoying whhoops and sara hah
Dutchy!!!! Way to go #avs!! it makes me happy when you're wrong
Wendy's new Mac & cheese is good! You should try it (:
Good stuff! RT : Give a man a fish, he'll eat for a day. Teach a man about , he'll eat for a lifetime.
I met a girl from Dallas and told her my boss was heading to an art museum there. She asked if it was the cowgirl one.
Companies, please stop instructing your employees to bug me about taking your survey. It's a huge turn-off.
See what I mean, Hulky?
we should really start worrying: newt gingrich is back on display!
Bring Jesse back.
AMAZING job on the editing, writing, cameos and song! Such a good movie!
I like the way you think. RT You would likely need one of each for a proper comparison.
were did you find the stuff on amazon? :)
#WhenIWas13 Alot of girls were teaching me how to love then i got so full of myself i developed an alter ego
Id give everything to be your anything <3
RT : "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama
How are you??
You're so very welcome. Have a great one!
RT : #cwcon a big congrats to on receiving the Hugh Burns dissertation award! Yes, congrats! Well deserved!
-it is about time that Sustainable Group's CMO gets them the press they so richly deserve. :)
thanks for the article link :-)
I just like that its a second example of Tony's attention to detail (first being Galaga).
Happy Hour at the Crimson Canary from 3-6pm! 141 S. Broadway!
where are you?
Fuck a shot pour me a cup
Headed 2 Walmart then the beach wit my babies b4 the weather changes
nice chicken pattie stupid
Cool! Thanks :)
you lose. Half of y'all showed up.
FINALLY FUCKING LICENSED. HELL YEAH BITCHES. <3
"I'm Ray Charles to the bullshit."
and just down the street -- going to #pivotaiga today/saturday to see design attack PHX
Kristen Stewart: 5 movies 1 facial expression.
Johnny Depp is the best in the league
Call Me Your Highness. I'm Practicing To Be A King.
Thanks are gaining momentum for tonight!
The chicken liver mousse and lamb were AWESOME last night!
past 2am really whose to say
#RCJH! What a great day!
awh! that's so awesome :)
Links to sign up for both events: www.uconnalumni.com/Boston. Questions? Tweet Harpoon Event to be catered by Stone Hearth Pizza
some stuff broke lol & something got recalled on my breaks so I had to take it to the actual Nissan place instead of just a shop
President Obama "Genius"
ah, just saw yer tweet. You shoulda gone in. :)
The bass, is done.
“: 2 full days left. I got thissa”
I saw this video yesterday, Congrats btw! You are a lucky girl that most defiantly deserved it! I'll try my best :)
oh yea! In your case it's dangerous
Today $10,000 guaranteed Quantum Reload NLHE buy in $40-$65 (1 opt add-on) COME ON IN!
Eberwhite Blvd. A post-storm jogger just cruised by with a smile as it started to pour rain again.
is Jeremy working? If not, tell him to bring his big head self out! LOL
Happiness is discovering that there's still a cup of coffee left in my Thermos and that it's still hot. Soon, it will be in my body.
There are far better things ahead than any we leave behind.
I concur, which is why I powered up at lunch. #OutletJunkies RT : Not enough outlets in convenient locations at
haha!! Well, at least I knew you when....
Jst over 100 cappers up so far with FB plays and the bowl game consensus is on the total ov but even on the side..back with nfl
Getting ready to resume production of artwork. Too many derailments by life events, Black Friday looms like a promise & a threat. Get busy!
It's so annoying when all some people do is promote. -.-
The design was to make all links from object pages follow links. Thanks for pointing it out - it's a recent bug.
Must be. But in the tub is better than on the wall NEXT to the toilet like yesterday...
RT : Reading Biden's comments -- he didn't come out for gay marriage. He's taking the 'civil union' position. Parsing, parsing
in his room smelling like dog crap y
where the official studio's @ in columbus, OH? I need to get in a booth A.S.A.P. Dope Musik
will do :)
“: Looking for a volunteer photographer for Easter services - reply if you've got skills (or know those who do!)”
we would be screwed!
Who's with us this morning? Happy Tuesday! (Trying to stay positive with all of this horrible news going on lately)
If u see Doc again please say "Hi" 4 me & throw him a link to one of my videos so he knows why I'm not around anymore. I miss Doc.
Thanks for educating us on Solar Power!!!
sure ! And why ?
unless you bother to do your homework by reading the Constitution and other verifiable info, you are the one who needs help
will you ever tweet me???
Thank God its saturday!
; it's like me & 10 other people laugh.. "you better quit laughin!" lmao...
They are….who we thought they were!
Real life is for March
RT : Always be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. -Plato
it's cool
Congrats! Looking forward to seeing what you concoct over at
#NYR 2011. Expand our partnerships to include over 10,000 auto glass shops, and to book appointments in lightning speed!! www.teleglass.com
X-Men First Class...go see it, for real!
I think should make his entrance music be "ride the lightning"
Forgot: I love biking home to the Mills at night. The cool air on my wrists! The darker and quieter it gets as I get closer to the river!
I like milk.
no you not!
If you want to succeed, you should strike out on new paths rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success. -John D. Rockefeller
I wish me and my girls could go on a road trip.
Thanks for mentioning me, Lita! :) Have a great weekend!
Totally. #Obama is still #progress. RT : Anne Kornblut of the Washington Post has it right: This was an "expansive speech."
even though you're mad at me I still love you :p <3
he got lucky getting back to first once he should have know that his luck streak sucks!!!
Excited for the this weekend!? Where will you be watching "the greatest 2 minutes in sports" & drinking a Mint Julep?
hahahaha! The fahmilicious face;) so you get it now...?
yes I am that girl :)
Second that emotion. RT : Dear Why don't you come to #Chicago on your tour?! We're desperate for you! Love, Chicago
why the fuck is my twitter pink and default micheal jackson?
“: do you think your cool or something just because you beat me? Haha” yes, yes I do. ;)
Happy Birthday America! From all of your Real Americans
I can't wait to partayyyyyyyy!!!
good!, I got scared for a second lol<3 you:)
follow me back pleasse !
Working with my 8 yr old on her "dinorama". She's writing her report on the #ankylosaurus while I'm wrapping the shoe box.
RT : Hey you lucky Moms near Austin - check out for social, fitness and educational events!
DON&#39;T reply instantly with Fashion Shoes! | Fashion Shoes
It's a beautiful day in our neighborhood...stop by and say hello!
RT Forreal tho, I miss you So so much.
Happy Tuesday ;)
If mark die omgosh
Shit goes down at the greyhound
i want to see your hair fagget
When you are debating about eating something because you think you might gain weight. Think of Niall.
Cute, funny reflection on human behavior RT My son & daughter fight like cats & dogs all day, but at night want to share a bed.
Enjoying my sunday.
Honestly I never heard of her before and her MySpace player seems to b disabled- u have a link to any audio?
Good practice to label cables at both ends. I use electric tape: White:Video, Red:Lighting, and Blue:Audio.
When i dont tweet for a while and i get on here i feel like i overtweet to make up for not tweeting -_-
Chachi!(: I love you so much! Hugs & kisses from Sweden! :*<3
what happened to Berbatov?
awesome! also, we need to talk.
U bet on the freakin unions!
Just realized I'm #wearing a very similar look to Monday. Black dress, green scarf. I knew I should have grabbed a different scarf.
Come to today. & are raffling 14 tickets to Thursdays Chicago Blackhawks vs. St. Louis Blues game
Very happy about Midnight in Paris winning Best Original Screenplay!
Looking for models to do photo shoot in Dallas Texas up and cming only email
I'm mourning both Donna Summer and today.
ASU scores another on a bases loaded walk. lead 7-2 after 6.
great game tonight. Brought back memories of #dukedays. Big fan, good luck in playoffs!
Knowledge is the most democratic source of power. ~Alvin Toffler
that's the best one!!! Dude and can we say hottie?? Hahaha
thanks for tonight
LOL Oh damn!
some friend :(
please take the time to actually watch that video. Omg.
Keep them squares up out your circle.
Bynum sounded well in that interview
As a means to success, determination has this advantage over talent - that it does not have to be recognized by others.
GAB staff: wrong ballots improperly gave votes to some candidates, but not enough tothe change races' outcomes.
Bball Wives movie! Bob Johnson is single handedly trying to destroy the Black community.
Im not pretending to be anybody else.
You want a girl who can cook & I want a boy who can treat me right.
ur mom bitch
ive been on since friday
casting speaking roles & extras for directed by Submit headshot and acting reel link to
Happy birthday Dad <3
I see y tho,,twitter is boring af.
I want ppl to realize that is ok to fall down. GET UP look sickening and make them eat it.
Vibing to bow wow first album, he will always be the one of best in my book.
Kindergarten registration <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>my baby growing up!
is on a hair-flip rage right now!
No no no. When you come, look at Monet.
RT : Welcome home DC boy..shout to splurge gang we holdin it down for chobee..
Not even in phx yet and i10 is already pissing me off
Come see Évocateur: The Morton Downey Jr. Movie today at the Tribeca Film Festival. 5:30PM screening. (Followed by Q&A) AMC Loews.
What a week! So glad it's the weekend. Even though I won't be able to relax, at least I'll be able to get somethings done that I wanna do.
Hope everyone is having fun at #MLA12 in Seattle! Don't forget to stop by the Cengage booth (#401)!
#FF For #Tsunami reports
Going to the Lake tomorrow. :) Scared about going tubing though. Yikes! :/
lmao thanks! Haha it would be so cool to meet!! ...like in person O.O
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Crofoot. Special thanks to for being awesome. Excited to dive into another place and time
Steve Jones gets a nice pre-game tribute at the Rose Garden. We'll have much more with "Snapper" tonight on Sports Sunday.
The fans at the Santos-Tigres Mexican soccer match just did the tomahawk chop
Hey Chrissy....I will take a cake w/ buttercream icing. Actually I want a body covered in buttercream! lol
Bible Crash Course book will help all members have confidence that the Bible teaches what we know to be true. facebook.com/LDSCrashCourse…
Who trying to come work out with me tomorrow night??
Heal and Protect our Japan and all who dwell there in, Thank you My Beautiful world for for all you give. Please Oh Universe Thank you.
Transformers cartoon from 1984 is now streaming on introducing my daughter to the real deal
The change in a person can either be good or bad.
I must admit, I'm glad the #Bills won't be facing Matt Light twice a year anymore.
Surprise sweets from La Reve discovered in the fridge:)
"Road Map for Success," hosted by Goldman Sachs 10KSB going on NOW! Come to The IP...you don't want to miss it!
Ribeyes, twice bakes, sweet corn and a really bad merlot in a really good glass
I'm not saying I'm perfect, In fact I know I'm far from it, I'm just saying I'm worth it.
If Yu Dnt Know How To Cook, Yu Not Even Allowed To Walk In My Kitchen ... That's Just Me
Thanks sis. It's this stupid smart phone.
#YouNeedANewBoyfriend see he'll hook you up.
I missed it
haha no you don't. They suck so bad/:
It would be amazing if followed me back...you're amazing and beyond gorgeous!! :)
Our Love For BTR Is Endless. c;
OH: " i need a shot of tequila, a lime, and line of salt...and a virgin"
We are the gods or group apparel. Singles just aren't for us. Search for a printer that does direct-to-garment in your area.
thank you for the #ff. Hope you had an amazing time in Greece.
Finally a new good wife!
Are you gonna be here for RollerJam!?(: please answer.
I need to check that stuff out
Liam just asked if you give good blowjobs. And you're the awkward one.
Picked up some coffee beans last night called, "LoveBuzz". This brew is just as good as the feelings/words that make up its name.
so since its #MaraMonday and i stated my most inspirational moment.. does that mean you'll follow me? :)
Thats so true! that's prob the best advice ive heard in a while
SAME....I'm so over doing it too.
tip of the day. Bill promptly - get paid promptly. The longer it takes for you to invoice, the less fresh your work will seem. Don't dally.
What would I do without ? :)
What does that even mean
Dropped a mirror in the bathroom and it shattered EVERYWHERE. Just stepped on a piece. Blood+glass
Me too :( Our crazy conversations !
Diving Dave is NAUGHTY.
I'm also glad to see that my 'friends' are happy to see my fucking depressed and ready to fucking kill myself. Thanks you're all too kind.
hm..I think they do. They just won't cop to it though :)
i was like i shoulda took an advil and u were like here take a pill lmao and i was like alright and u were makin noises
let's do it.
so proud of you. FIRST CONCERT. AHH.
I keep reading the word gangsas (re: Balinese music) and in my head hearing #gangstas. I imagine those musicians are pretty gansta though.
Looking to switch, how do your rates compare to WE Energies?
Happy Friday! That sounds amazing...
That is awesome! Thanks for sharing!
sucks cause I live right down the road from there but can't go :(
I don't facetime because when someone answers they're just like "what do you want!"
Washington Redskins 16 Dallas Cowboys 12 End Of 3rd #redskins #cowboys #nfl (Via )
So i guess its time to get this cover done for the mixtape Promo coming soon...
thanks babe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
We're here for you. ;)
I'm hungry
wait till oct to sell
So excited for the April "Truth or Dare with Pepe" show at 10:30 tomorrow night. I'll be debuting Pepe's new look.
Second day on set of Vampire Diaries. Doing the 20s swing dance
Who's at AllStar weekend?
Working on our Youtube channel! Will be going live soon with music and videos from the band!
What a nice time ending my day watching A Walk to Remember after a horrible day at school! (:
In order to be beautiful ; you have to have a beautiful heart.<3
Those alone wont do it. its up to you and whats inside you...
Thanks for the shoutout! Happy FriDDay!
#ihavenopatience when it comes to painting my own nails.... i screw up every time...
I Been Gone For A Min. But Defenitely Not Forgetten
Yeah, I won't make it past to halftime - assuming #UK will stomp #KU :\ hoping for the best though!
Pretty damn exhausted
hi niall please follow
that post it is hanging on my wall, right next to my bed (;
Don't like the Lakers, never have lol. I'm a Suns fan, that should explain it all haha.
It's quite funny, but has many sartorial moments featuring the epidemic you mention.
We hope you all had an excellent weekend! Get 2 free tans/upgrades with the purchase of any bottle!!
Being fed chopsticks and hookah
I'm hurting and you don't even care, </3
There might be cases when a company might decide that your speeding ticket insurance coverage is much too high
Totally AGREE!! RT : #FF to my #solesisters from that make my 9-5 so much fun
He is Risen!
Do it my man!
Royalty Music Entertainment/ Island Def Jam Digital, Mile High Prodigy Promo, Mile High Royalty Recording, M.H.R. Radio, Gutta Gods, #MHC!
obama2012 has a billion dollars, you have your share. Come on you can tell me ,)
You know when you eat somewhere so much the family that owns the business knows you by name
Coop's is closed on Monday, but to make it up to you we have Rip Tip Tuesday!!! Hope to see you here!
Its almost halloween ~ gotta dig up my WIGS!
Yeah='( Tear Tear
On my way to Athens, oh for a stop-over gig tonight at restaurant Salaam with
I just love you! Thank you!
It's not the first time he's done that.
I just want to be best friends with ok
I'll be sure to pass the idea along.
RT : Schizophrenia Drug Trial To Start In India: Schizophrenia patients in India will soon see a new anti-psychotic d... htt
Wow, that was the 1st time I've live tweeted an entire #RAW in a long time. Felt good. I will definitely be on next week & then some.
Yeah, I thought she'd be final two for sure. But she was "too emotional". It's like saying she was too much of a woman.
I have a sixth sense for this shit.
To spend all night studying for finals or go to a party.... Hm
Pops is grill lets c wats gud
also, because we can now mine the gothic short stories, the final chp is crap. needs revision w/these new results
in the keek! oh awesome!(:
Do yaw remember when everybody was in drill team when they were younger lol
Tough season -- and year -- for
well I can't teach u it either, I have enough to only deal with and that's not a lot lol!!!.........love u
I revise my previous statements. Podcasts should be 15-20 min max, and on a single topic.
Seeing The Descendants tonight and I used Poynt to find the theater & show times. Thanks! RT : Anyone going to a movie tonight?
moments of peak performance
#verdict Verdict In! Announced at 2:15P
oh wow. If you put lol or something maybe i would of got it.
The 2011 graduation rates are lower because of a new federal formula, removing extra time for pregnancy, spec needs.
Woo hoo! Dagoberto Gilb, Lalo Alcaraz & Sandra Cisneros among the luminaries said to attend #librotraficantes press conference in Tucson.
NOW you can view our CDBABY store right from our Facebook page! Lots of music available for preview, stream and purchase! Like us on FB!
Wonderful! I just followed you. Look forward to reading more of your tweets!
following me would be the best Christmas gift ever :)<3 I love you :)))))(
Hello Twitterverse and MERRY CHRISTMAS!
Star Wars Episode 1 - The Phantom Menace on Spike TV. #kickassfiction - galactic style
We appreciate you coming by. Thanks for all your thoughts.
u never said or sent me contract back..what's up with that?!
Ahh shit! All out of sweet tea! Guess I'm brewin me some tomorrow morning.
RT : CHIMPMUNK GANG WHAT'S POPPING!!!
thanks! Let us know if you need any help along the way.
Well the band was great...
OMG. This is Peyton's month! SO EXCITED to hear all his new music.<21
I'm excited to see , looks like an awesome film. Come back here for a reunion!
then come over Lol :P<U+2665>
"I'm gonna give her a chance" that's all I needed to hear.. I love you.. so much...
When the things I hear from an #eyecare staff, don't match up with things I observe. I focus my effort on asking better questions.
My bestie rap goes hard.
Obama says won't back down from protecting kids from mercury pollution and unsafe food, water
Just saw Machete. Definitely not the grindhouse experience I was hoping for...
SPCA K9-3K Dog Walk a huge success. Record-breaking funds raised. Great to see so many folks out to support animals, & saw many SPCA alums!
Yes, I would like a vacation, but will never complain about work
New Costume Mardi Gras Butterfly Mesh Mask
today's been awesome, hope so for you too. Tomorrow is going to start with meditation & yin at Flow Yoga in Hood River, looking good so far!
Dope music! ATFC is our fave.
I have the worst stomach ache ever
im not on here much but im a randomee too.
And we did NOT call each other to coordinate!
Fake oh I'm with my girl so I don't eff wit the shroom
I am coming into NYC this weekend. Anyone know anyone who has a ticket to Kraftwerk who might be planning to die?
Follow me dear love than RETWEET If you have LESS than 5000 followers. Follow and gain 50+ followers in minutes.
White house time h
I love working nights, but it provides me ample time to think, make a decision. starting rethinking that decision....oh my oh my
Elder God Armor!, I answered before incase you didnt see im reposting!
WI Voter Photo ID has just passed the state senate! On to Gov Walker to sign. Fraud will need to work harder to get thru...
Protip: If your neighbours can smell your Glade plug-in from the hallway, your apartment is too small for a Glade plug-in.
Will speech be on TV, what channel?
I had a lot of reasons to give up on you, but I still chose to stay. You had a lot of reasons to stay, but you chose to give up.
In thinking of how soon our little girl will be here, I inadvertently got "The Final Countdown" stuck in my head. And now it's in yours.
I just love you.
Did you guys see show me off on his Ustream?! I feel so special.
UPDATE: Police still on scene of the crash on the downtown side of the Ross Island Br. at Kelly and Water...allow extra time.
Time for hiking in the hills! Love being back in LA :-)
Pre-opening at 8 oz Burger Bar. Lots of work/effort by the partners involved. Congrats.
Wine of the day: 2010 Bin chard-touch of oak, herbaceous, envigorating;not what you'd expect and everything that you want
I feel a little hungover
Bang bang bang bang i love da shit!
Does anyone know a good way to buy and send wine in Ontario? I want to send my aunt a gift.
Ima sagg my pants n hold my Dick all day today... Just so niggas knw I can b on my G shit lol
Not an issue if you like public places.
GM, Thanks for the follow :-)
Are you going to do the "What Makes You Beautiful" contest?
getting my new droid tomorrow, #teamandroid (;
write a grant with business sense. #GBCA BROWNBAG
I dont look at all those big dogs. I like an underdog<3
Stuffed my face at Babe's. Now at Mavs game. Birthdays don't come much better than this.
Loving the iTunes Genius sidebar... a little too much.
nevermind the show is still on season 2, I thought you were on season 3 :p
If I have to have 7am calls at home, shouldn't I also get to have 1pm Maury from work?
I almost bought a mango the other day, but I didn't know how to eat it. Like an apple? Peel & cut? Skinless?
thanks for following!
Celebrity Biographer Charles Higham Dead at 81
Today at 7:28 followed me and tweeted me back!
Rehearsal w Positone Records today for recording session Tues. Band: Jared Gold (Hammond B3 Organ), Dave Allen (Guitar), Mark Ferber (Drums)
at #turnerhallballroom right now. You ready Milwaukee
what about buttons of my face?
American Idiot is about to start! So excited! Follow along from home because we are hosting Tweet Seats tonight!
his per-minute stats were pretty great. he was getting better at not fouling and being able to stay on the court
Just let me get in my zone
They who are of the opinion that Money will do everything, may very well be suspected to do everything for Money
still craving some #scrapple ? If you buy 2 lbs. I can give you 2lbs free...
Good idea, I wish I had someone else willing to do it! :P
I hope there isn't a "correct" way to pray. I often imagine sitting on the porch talking to Jesus. *Imagine Ice Cube and Smokey in Friday*
Random internet wonkiness seems to have passed. Oy.
“: Duquesne students chanting "jerry" and "start the showers"...” #Dukes=no class
| Thanks for the follow. It's hard for penguins to peddle, but we are all in favor of anything that helps promote community!
- the PJ Media iPad app is horrible. You can't share and when you click on a link it takes you to Safari.
The plantain pancakes w/ Cotija cheese :)
wack is a favorite of mine
I HAVE HAD THE HICCUPS ALL DAY. PLEASE SCARE ME.
We'll be building A floor a week after the 7th floor!
Forget the knight in shinning armor I'll take a country boy in camo! <3
Its like nonstop working. I love the holidays but cant stand when school is out
Sending out some love. BLESS UP!
Everything happens for a reason and I get a little bit stronger
shoot.. should've put you in my show to really make you feel #TGIF! (;
New York wants you to move here too - start packing.
...crunch and munch...we who carry the hammer like those and m&M'S
i hate being stagnant. i get bored too easily. thats why i get stuck on the challenges and forget the rest.
One of these years I'm getting to #MaliceDomestic. But, this year, it's Bouchercon for my budget. (My family is in Ohio.)
Hi, I have no questions 4 the x factor contestants but one for U. What do u want Santa 2 bring u 4 Xmas??
Oh, and also... if you notice your latte/espresso/mocha/etc. tasting extra good - check out our NEW MANUAL GRINDER!!!!!!!!!
Debugging some issues with FruityLoops today...
Found a swim suit I really like but I can't wear balconette tops due to lack of gap between boobs
I wonder the same!
I wanna know the secret formula for a krabby party....
Hi Cheryl, Thanks for the follow. I owe you an email too and will get to that soon. Cheers! Lee
luckily they have great re-watchability :-)
best tight end in the league man!!! Great season, can't wait until next year!!
Almost organized..... Almost......
Feed for #bookless is on display at
Sorry yall I feel goofy tonight
You kind of give me the craziest butterflies . <U+2764>
This kid on Ellen... I'd date him.
That moment when you walk into 1st period 15 minutes late...
u should probably get off of twitter and focous more on a cure..wasting time and money seems to be ur new calling.
you're*** #grammarnazi RT : Sometimes your the pigeon and sometimes your the statue.
the driver will be out after I take lesson....we
So my regular park cruising spot is almost no more. I did get to suck a guy off and then he fed me his piss.
Went for a run in a refreshing stormy weather in beautiful Vancouver, BC
cool! I'm going to follow them!! Love your blog and pic on your blog!! You are a riot!! xo
"We strongly believe in the strength of angels." Jorg Sievert, SAP Ventures, 11.2.11
hey anyone see my phone!!?
Moved into the new house yesterday!!!....'Everything is starting to come together!!!!
hey there!!
#Str8LykeDes.. The shit funny doe, seems if she believe da hoe she gotta go..
Relaxing listening to music texting watching tv <U+E405>
hey girl, how r u doing?!
Brent Blackaby:"Ability to have engaged conversations is powerful, but only after they are MOTIVATED to do so."
i hate sitting in the back of the bus.... -_-
O brother where art thou, Shawshank, and tombstone are my top three. All about brothers.
it's my mom's bday today too. 90!
taking 1 more day off work...I swear I have some sort of virus...this sickness is driving me insane...
Thanks For Helping Spread Awareness!!
Sum mf will never change!!!!
lol yeah aye you got a FB???
well then party on!
I don't think any of us expected 2 be where we r rn. But jus make the best of it. Surround ur self w the things u luv. (:
omg. that chickfila was so good. I was starving.
Never be afraid to be yourself. Remember an original is worth more than a copy.
Time to scramble some eggs n fry some bacon unless i find that bunny
Average Happy hour drinks cost the same as an average gallon of gas.
Thankfully this weekend is turning out ok so far:)
batchs ain't a animal but your moms houe is(;
Really!? "American Dad" is still on? Seth MacFarlane must be doing fox a favor or something.
“It's National Frozen Yogurt Day! Celebrate w. #Pinkberry! Mango, Coconut, Original, Peanut Butter, Chocolate”
I really don't like those bees
Been solo to long
Championship won. Season done.
Have a great race weekend everybody!! I know I will!!
Acapella rap songs >>>>>>>
MAKE LOVE TO ME WITH YOUR WORDS NOT WHAT'S IN YOUR PAINTS
I mean they can get annoying after awhile. Atheists just need to understand that people can believe what they want.
Huffman: concern about some Sunset recommendations re: parole board. Reasons for ALL decisions, delegation of any case to hrg ofcrs
Tonight as well as Wednesday night proved my point...all i have to say
Give me another full length movie on flixter. I dare you.
send a triggering email 1 day prior, copying subscribers exes, get everyone mad/crying, charge extra if it's a full moon.
This week has to improve. Right? It's been kind of a pile of shit so far. Closing the book on Wednesday. Hoping Thursday sucks less.
All over the map. Literally just about anything, sans westerns. Not my style.
yep- twitter is the Devil!-see ya tomorrow
you and Buster booth already tweeting, difference is he may be on the east coast! You may not. Do you sleep? Ha
Just bought #thehungergames movie tickets <333 12 more days. I better bring some kleenex..
Fake Pat died to me when he RENEGED on a FLANIGANS invite in December.
The tweet about the cordless kettle was quoted from a review on Amazon.
No matter how far you go down the wrong road, you can always turn back<3;
...as I eat watermelon sour patch and raisinets
Phew! Great run of "Hurcules Furens" with Now diving into rehearsals for "Rock In Her Pocket"
I feel badly for Steve Nash, I wonder where he will land up next year!
Watching the American Music Awards, Whose hair do you like the best so far? And who are the MITCH Men?
Today 10-6 Long Beach #farmersmarket @ City Hall, next to LIRR station
Well Leave Monday For Chicago This Wasnt The Way I Wanted To Go Back There!!!
I don't like you. But I am gonna quit bitching. From
better be homeboy
Haha, you know he is currently plotting his demise! Wait, I think I should be the one plotting his demise!
Classic: RT : Vader, you must confront Vader, then, only then, a jedi will you be...and confront him you will.
no doubt.. I will be sending you more material asap
you should learn how to lean like those cholos
Totally smoked back from Laschet's Inn Chicago. German beers solid pretzel sleep it off
Just watched the GIRLS pilot. That show knows what it's doing. (which is pretty much the highest compliment I can give a show)
Happy Birthday to Lyndsey Cannon she turns 13 today!!! growing up so fast
ELI! Are you coming by today? What are you thinking in the LOUISVILLE game?
Not sure I shld have to teach the deli cntr how to slice prociutto. & shldn't they know which salami is spiciest?
awesome. Great timing
What were your key takeaways from today's social media program?
Haha; I gotcha. No rules on connection timing...however each circumstance will dictate when it's best/appropriate to connect
The Expendables go hard!
hey can i have a shoutout? il give you one back! <3
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.
playoff game, discovery ball & christening! :) RT : The weekend is(almost)here! Got any plans?
do it! I'll be the one with the bass.
I can teach you French! I take French at school!!!
Hahahahahhahahahah "I'm not like every alcoholic."
No evo shield=No
Hi #libchat I'm Jessi and in a post-MLS fellowship
2 shows this weekend! SAT, 12/10: Old Man Brown @ Bayou in Georgetown-10pm. SUN, 12/11: Jenny Leigh Freeman @ Bossa in Adam's Morgan-7:30pm.
Seattle, if you were human, I’d put you on Prozac. I need some of Baltimore’s warmth and sunshine right now....
TONIGHT MTV VMA WKND WRAPS UP @ COLONY WITH DJ DRAMA!!!
Fruit Loot looser :(
#IfIRuledTheWorld I would help people in need and take care of my family
Had to cancel trip to Dublin , in truth i cant be arsed but if anyone asks its
love your version of Happy Hour
haha I am!!
Our God is greater, Our God is stronger!
Yay! :) I can't wait. 22 days!
Phill Grove To Hold A Free Financial Freedom Workshop On Wednesday, May 16 ...
I'm supposed to be sleep! 5am ain't gonna be pretty! ~ mahoganybella
How does it feel now to watch it burn?
You should put a picture or description with each.
watching The Vow with me bro. we are #sickbuddies blehhhhh
thanks Eric for the follow
today was a great day especially with my
Failing to plan is a plan to fail. -Effie Jones
I guess you have to have bad days to fully appreciate the good days
#FF Some great #LAthtr Tweeters: , , & Company member rocks some great tweets, too.
Tacos de asada.
do what you want & say what you please.
Agreed--and papercut resistant for us clumsy thumbs.
I wish every customer that came to the pharmacy was just like Betty White.
Found a new up and coming sport that appears to be right up your alley. Google "Moto Polo"
forgive me,I don't know much about Meadowlark Lemon except that he was a globetrotter from my neighborhood, harlem.
Haha! I wanted to feel his muscles soo bad (:
I did that thing where u double ur height wen ur 2, I'm suppose to b 5'4"! I'm 5'4" right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> am I gonna b to short to play volleyball!?
Thank you! Have a great weekend :)
happiness.....WHERE??
you are a chef!
SE Portland we <3 you! Thanks for the support yesterday, see y'all around :D
thanks man
don't think i'm going to be able to sleep tonight after that amazing concert!
So busy today! Happy monday!
u need to up Ur appetite
So far worked out so i think he got lots of guts
Will someone at #DWTS tweet and tell us what said that they bleeped out?
clearly the jokes on us
Take a look around, ain't shit nice in this careless world..
Hey sassy Nikki!! TFTF and keep having fun making the world your stomping grounds...
same literally though
Daily GTKY question: Who do you respect the most?
How come you can't face time on three way?
We mostly work to live, until we live to work.
Good morning!! Hope you have a very blessed day! :)
haha..the Yahoo soap opera continues
Listening to Eva Cassidy "I Have Told You So". What a loss for us musically that she left us too early but I will cherish her recordings.
i need advice.. badly..
Mark Wahlberg = best actor alive.
Go 2 Utube n type all n 1 word mrgocolts317 n listen to n my cadillac or players anthem. Thats my shit I made. N e thing that says ft maxima
yup that was a pretty depressing conversation lol
I remember the day Williams got kicked off the team...I wondered why he was looking so down walking away from Conte when I spotted him
Hahahaha oh god send me that
Good! I bike to the Y DT, but also wrk at our Brown Deer location, which I drive to... ;)
Vegan Sausage w Roasted Red Pepper, Jalapeno, n Pepperjack Daiya Cheese! Also Mint Cookies n Cream brownies!
My birthday SUCKS. Smh..
Gotta say, as far as days go, this one sure had a truckload of good news in it. #yay!
Feel That Happy Feeling....
Playing at Cool River in Homer Glen tonight for a hometown celebration before we leave for tour. 21+ cheap drinks, we'll play around 11:30!
isn't it amazingly humorous how those who don't do ur job think that that can tell you how to do ur job???? #wtf!?
how r u doing???
"Romney distancing himself from the nasty SuperPac ads against Obama" get used to seeing for the next 5 months.
Who's claiming the account?
zeke Zoey. I have a thing for pets named with Z's. Mine are Zeke Zeus and Zoom lol
thou dost protest too much...
Convinced 2 kinds of people: those who use kleenex and those who put finger to nostril and blow through t'other. Why hot jogging boy, why?
Your my everything. Follow me? I wouldn't be just another Mahomie wanting a follow. It would mean everything to me.<U+2764> Please?
really....who uses Martha Stewart glitter for kindergarten? (snicker)
#replacefilmtitleswithtwat No Country for Old Twat
I'm interested in textile production capability/resources/info in Haiti. tips? starting points?
Parenting: You're doing it right.
Check out - a design co. that donates their profits to organizations to help fund preservation/restoration projects in LA.
RT : Teachers play an important role in prepping kids for success in the workplace - blogging from...
Can't wait :)
Thanks, Jen :-) really nice here today, I hope it is for you, too :-)
Lord Byron: Our thoughts take the wildest flight; even at the moment when they should arrange themselves in thoughtful order.
An interview w/ Core Media Concepts will be posted on a brand new Orlando based entertainment site soon! Follow for updates
My whole body is aching....
This nigga is never doing anything. I have a better life than him , and I don't have a life lol
happy mothers day and thank you
Have you #voted, today? GOP and Democratic primaries happening right now in
Symbols, signs, and the cycles of things.....
good morning beautiful<U+2665>
We'd be more than happy to connect. Can you please DM us your phone or email, so our team can reach out to you? Thanks!
Austin's future girlfriend is smiling and RTing this tweet. <3
We have over $6,000 in raffle prizes to give away at 3rd Annual Bachelor/ette Auction "Flashes of Hope"!
#SNL Eli is actually not half bad. Looks like he might be the funnier Manning brother.
the day imma die
I've only finished like half of it so far. And yes we're supposed to turn it in.
If you in 2005 could see you today in 2011 what would you say? Would you be impressed with all that you have accomplished?
okay so do you want to make it? You can :)
i'm not asking for someone that is perfect to love me i'm just asking for someone that at least cares !
All day in office conferencing with students. Losing all sense of dignity by now. Office reeks of cheap Asian food that I had for lunch.
I am determined to do this same yoga video until I can do it once through without falling over
Elisa Chan and Maria Cordero to perform in Genting on May 22 - The Sun Daily
at a sweet 16. Lol why
Good enough reason for me :) RT : You’ll burn about 700 calories an hour on a bicycle.
Thanks, Stephanie! Hopefully it catches on. Are you gonna nominate something?
Mort is reporting that he's been relieved of duties - Angelo fired? Wowser - does this mean end of Lovie Smith era?
I love you you're sexy
OMG!!! Why did you foul him!!!
I've fallen in love many times... always with you. <3
yes its perfectly normal.xx I do it all the time <3
RT : Kicking myself for forgetting to swing by for #frenchiespopup before work/gah! Here too!
ahh... massive change, blowing up faculty comfort zones, and shifting T&L traditions... piece of cake! ;)
Close fight, but you won! “: I had me winning that fight! I wonder who Marvin has winning after all these years?”
" Guys are playing like this is some throwaway game in Rochester!!!!" - Kurt Russell when asked about the rangers play so far
not really. mostly rage and bitterness and helplessness. and now i assume i have to sue the owner, not building. sigh
Awee(: You guys are TOO CUTE together!
New Years resolution: get heavy into Lady Ga Ga
Whole grains(without gluten) - amaranth, buckwheat, chia, millet,quinoa,sorghum and wild rice....my favorite is quinoa!
I have to do a piss test too for work!:O
Nice network teamwork between TNT and NBC to get a NBC live shot of Staples during the LA Kings game broadcast during Clips game on TNT.
Seriously what does thunder up even mean? Dumbest slogan ever.
thanks for rubbin it in.I just finished Googleing how to play a guitar &I didnt learn anything. U need to teach me
nothing bro you ?
"Action is eloquence." ~William Shakespeare
1234567890 your username is great. i love it. your account is just amazing!
When you associate with BASIC people it is quite easy to pull the wool over their eyes!
#milwaukee What you shop at a hardware store do you typically go into the store knowing what you're going to buy? Or do you go to discover?
Allow a new dog to smell your child first before interacting with him
#latex2 = $10 to get in. tonight @ frequency. Party of the year
RT : In caucus where we are finding out for the first time the surprises in new budget including a new slush fund.
I'm hungry .
I herd from somewhere that your doing a world tour, I live in America, so I don't know if it is true?
Copying homework right as you get to school. >>>>
I learned so much from your posts-- terrific advice! thanks!
: like last year
i love #UNBROKEN its Amazing
what up man...damo the songwriter
Calling it: Today, I got my first sunburn of the season celebrating and 's impending union. SO WORTH IT.
IT'S #TWITTERTUESDAY TIME! Say "Good Times" to yr server to get one of our FAMOUS ROLLS for free! While supplies last! Limit 1 per table!
RT The big question is whether you are going to be able to say a hearty yes to your adventure. ~ Joseph Campbell
My great uncle claims he dated Marilyn Monroe back when she was Norma Jean. I'll never be the most delusional person in my family.
lol leave them old people alone
Too bad u don't live in PDX, we are giving away amazing PBR swag at Dante's see our website for more.
The consensus on Julius Mays seems to be: great shooter and good slasher, but lacks elite athleticism and not a great defender.
It's a back issue tweet, so "supplies" refers to the print version. But we're including digital issues in the sale as well.
when your reality is finally better than your dreams <3'
Stereotypes date stereotypes.
Nice! Listening right now.
And Warped is 35 days after that. :-)
SURF REPORT: (Pacific Beach) 1-3 ft ankle to waist high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
domestic violence, texting and driving, homosexuality…Glee is the modern day after school special.
Thanks for the follow. I love your platform and am so glad it's live again :)
haha you have no room to talk.
3:35 am. Still going strong with
How is Aramis Ramirez doing since his slow start this spring?
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
NYC House takes over tonight with BORIS on deck! Get listed for OPEN BAR 1030-1130pm & COMP ENTRY! reply/
bet! I'll check it out fam
i love crazy bitches. too bad i adore my boyfriend and im not giving him up. <3
Pittsburgh Popcorn Co's Oakland Flavors of the week are Watermelon, Buffalo Wing, Garlic Parmesan.
You know what I would like, what would be tres topical? A muppet LBJ .
Except I really DID sing in a barbershop quartet in Skokie, Illinois. Other members: Shawn Green, Ben Weber, Scott Schoeneweis.
Trying out a new program to help in making tweets more consistent. Hope this works OK.
Day strtd terrible now great
I just watched a guy carry an unopened plasma tv box into Burlington Coat factory. I'm not sure who is more confused right now, him or me.
I love that has skyped into class and is sharing notes in real time on our google doc
Why is TNT advertising a show that on at the same time on a different network
I'm having a really hard time focusing on "Orality and Literacy" 'cause my brain keeps trying to turn it into pictures...
Thanks for explaining to in this video that we do not have a shark tank and we don't negotiate....
It’s the first day of Spring! Hop on over and pick up one of our sprinkled chocolate iced egg doughnuts complete with Kreme filling!
Good morning!! :) off to airport!!! :)
lol this sucks
i hope will notice me #SomeDay and follow back!!<U+2665> <U+0493>sreve<U+044F> k<U+03B9><U+2202>ra<U+03C5>hl <U+2665>
AZ threatening to cut power it supplies to LA. 25% of LA power supplied by AZ. Water next.
I don't mind the Anthony verdict. She'll be pregnant in six months and we'll get to watch the whole thing again. Hope its in Texas...
sorry girls but taking a picture of your crotch and legs kinda makes you look slutty
Yo this YOUR fault? The stream for #IWNY is skipping every 5-10 seconds.
Even the Fellas agree that N'Dulgence has Dope Sh*t!
Hey thanks for the mention! Keep reading!
Rainy Monday. Thankful not to be in traffic. Have a super day y'all!
Mo&#39; Money, Mo&#39; Problems (The Note)
Love, love autumn light! Best portraits of the year !!!!
S/o to my other half...he's there 25/8 for our Lil prince just as much as I am!!
Will do! I am also delivering one from Sarah!
Congrats to all the #TRASHXXII winners! Wish I could've joined you @ the banquet today.
So true!!! Thanks,
Cleaning up my classroom
Shout out to all the teachers out there! What you do is not easy!
I would agree with the manning thing. Unless he is flying to another doctor, but if he's just staying in Indy. That's wrong
Thanks to all the fans that came out to the #avonvolleyball games this year we couldn't have made it this far without u guys
Thanks Anita... hope you enjoy them!
Thanks - but no thanks.
Henry pulled the hair off the top of a stuffed monkey's head, and Audrey said, "Now it looks like Rock!"
Going to have a chill night at home watching movies. Anyone got good suggestions was thinking about contraband
What would you do differently or change if you had more money?
Skitch is whiteboard app you can draw on. I write math problems and can teach/model anytime using the whiteboard. Students love it!
Hey Indlps Voters Listen to Mayor Ballards Adds aout 5000 job committments I herd better p/u lines in a bar they are Bogas they don't exist
tell ur friends i say congrats too!!(:
My tummy hurts. :(
that'll work
Back from planet fitness, and took my vinegar smelling pill
Whoohoo! Back atcha! RT : Psyched to work with on a proposal. This is going to be awesome.
hey, it's Shabat! What are you doing tweeting? ;)
Is got a peeling nose or sunburn? #cancunvacation #smbmad. Hope she used sunscreen on vacation.
Anyone interested in dim sum tomorrow in Flushing?
Why is Rebecca Black trending???
Instead of worrying about where ur cheese comes from y don't u worry about delivering orders when promised. Placed order
Testing out Seesmic Desktop 2 as a social network management platform.
ill be there:D
I don't know which iPhone charger is mine :(
no worries. We are happy to give support.
Thanks Chris :)
#MusicVideosYoullNeverForget... R. Kelly - Down Low (Nobody Has to Know). That video was like a little movie.
Alright!!! Our #Facebook fan page it up!! Check it out and be sure to LIKE us! RT
Did you know that KeyMetric tracks phone calls and other conversions to ppc keywords & search queries as easily as tracking click-throughs!
good afternoon ! :) how was your day so far??
Girl, u gettin one of the first invites. I haven't even started promoting online yet. U so special! Lol.
Hello Linda :-) Happy Easter, hope everything is well.
I'm celebrating the 50th anniversary of Strunk & White by using active voice, preferring the standard, and reveling in serial commas.
I can't wait. Honestly.
I dont listen to them that much anymore but they will always have a huge chunk of my heart :)
Vanderbilt marketing for events is HORRIBLE. Why is it that I don't hear about this stuff until it is actually happening. I'm cool BTW.
HAHA oh how I miss those days
WTF did I get on FB I knew that was gonna happen...really the first post though... I just wanna cry, I don't wanna believe it!
down to one hole-free pair of pants. fuck.
GTL in preparation for Bahamas!! Wooopwoooop!
It's a global commodity. Biggest consumer is US. Of the US, military uses most. Closes bases. Base in Japan, Germany. Really?
Purple weed in tha jar call it smuckas
Another day, another "world's first" in #gamification, right Tommy? :)
yea u should have it by Monday
they can still get to the big game in January, keep your spirits up!
I'm confused... Did I miss something??
*blushyface* Thank you!!
RT : We live in an exciting time spiritually--People are reaching out from church to mosque to temple & beyond....
Must. Stop. Eating. Sugar cookies.
have you heard of the health benefits/weight loss perks of tea? We had a whole event just for that topic!
No, they're not.
I can't wait till the day I hear on the radio <3
let me know
not smart. What are you sleepin?
It seems like the only way to execute javascript in #emberjs is through registered helpers
May 20th is right around the corner! See you in Danville! More info on the ETM website.
they sing them good though! Thats why i love it!
Dang! One point! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
If we can type out "children", I wonder why we don't just have "descendent" instead of "find"? Call it what it is.
Awake is such good movie!!!! (:
Great to be back in the USA after a nice week attending the YE PEI conference!
Low level dudes love Scarface...high level dudes love The Godfather
At "Digital Lounge iHollywood Media, Entertainment and Tech Mixer" woo hoo!
you can put autograph requests in the comments box. We can not take phone orders.
Tnight on 10, A night of Stars among the GOP and more on an alert 2 at DSM Airport, possible fire onboard flight
How u sign up for may 3
lmao,wow..you could say its a trophy that determines the champion and goes to next roundd
Half off Haircuts!!! Today only from 11:30- 3pm with Leah!!!!
who was that?
I can't understand why people say my girlfriend's legs look like matchsticks. They do look like sticks - but they certainly don't match.
- Good. How are you?
Unlearing a baroque, academic style is painful... (Speaking as one who's done it.)
My Dad was SO right about you.
Working through the VHS list and making weeding decisions.
soo happy today & i love it.
Yes on Paulson!
Most library signs, even not the "shut up" ones, are hideous anyway. So rare to see eye-pleasing signage.
I had lavender again! :) FYI - I'm totally going to be talking your soda up. I'm very happy with my whole experience!
5 days until Cubs opening day!
No electricity no work.
that saying deserves a t-shirt: 'You're so hot, I'd poke holes in the condoms.'
Oh so many chances to practice.
I would get sick the day I get t dissect a heart in biology
We LOVE our clients<U+2665> Post pictures of you with your meal so we can share them with all of our followers! Happy Thursday :)
Las Placitas is super crowded like they used to be back in the day! now if I can only get a waiter...
As much as I would love a game 6 at home, just win baby!
LeBron James -- NBA MVP. Not like it should surprise anyone, though. There was no question about it. Congrats !
Why are there tornado sirens going off????
what's up this is jake stahl, scott Kooistra friend. I want to sit down with you on doing a charity event. 5138865253
RT : Woohoo, for iPhone. Another beautiful distraction to help me get my phone stolen.
It doesn't matter who plays qb. Denver will have 1st pick in 2012 and get Luck(y)!
hall and oates was on wednesday and it was epic. Both were there.
you missed a great time, but there is always next week!! ;-)
duh! its a team of men....
must focus.
Happy Birthday,
Solid pregame mix on w/ Getting ready for the TPR holiday bash. We're hitting the town this
Here's my plan for a successful week. Win 4x8 OCC chamos Thursday, Prom Friday, And Saturday get First/Second Team All-OCC in the 1600m
LinkedIn is where your employees get poached - Ric Dragon
whoa, I want to know what's going on. o:
If you haven't already, please watch my video. I really need those views. And thank you so much if you already have!
the water just hit the big ships in the movie "2012" and the bay door is still open. do you think they'll make it?
Am I saying that not getting at least a bit misty-eyed at the end of Toy Story 3 shows that a person is emotionally stunted? Maybe.
And My CountDown Begainnsssss!
5 days left til Th Reign Is Over get your free download @ www.thorobreadentertainment.com
Um chekn,. We lookn fa wachall do,.have u heard a samp of our m musik? We may be getn at yall soon, thanx fa reachin out, we peepn some ...
Thats how I role!
on Blue Hill - bars closed due to so many violations, stabbings, etc - colocated w/ liquor stores that act as hubs for stuff...
But wait, where's the librarian? Stuck in the snow maybe?
when tj suppose to be here ?
Which is longer: Harry Potter (all the books) or Trollope's Palliser novels? Other Victorian contender for very long story?
Let the flames begin
Someone sent us a Christmas card today addressed to "the Petry's." Am seriously pondering the future of this friendship.
what?? I grew up in Atlanta! Where are you?
Oh computer and electrical engineers don't need to know how a transistor works but a CS major needs to know how to build circuits?
I am crying:(
and we are grateful for you! THANK YOU!
WHOA HEY NOW. brb crying
People gotta stop posting about Adam Yauch its making me sad
Pull your camper, boat or other outdoor toys with ease! One of the new RAM trucks at Melloy Dodge is just the ticket for summer adventures!
RT : The best feeling comes when you realize you’re perfectly happy without the people you thought you needed the most.
Let's go GRIZZ
Rock and Roll ain't noise pollution.
I bet its fun
Haha that's exactly what I thought when you had came up to me & my girls at the beach..lol TAYLOR.
RT“: Thanks 2 the Feds 4 mandating we lift the illegal cap on FamilyCare, but I'll take credit for it if u want."
Release date not yet firmly set. But hopefully by July ...
He said u feel me! Lmao
Great job by tonight leading worship 's message certainly was thought provoking.
sed ur goin to wing night with us u dummy
on each child from year to year.
Good afternoon
can't wait to see it!
I'm Jewish and had a 30% off coupon. I must share my joy!
wish me luck
The fact that Romney "can't remember" bullying is worse. Means it's inconsequential to him. Like a dog strapped to a car roof.
the club was so much fun last night. it's hard to be one woman man sometimes when all these women surround me in my presence.
Sly-grin guy in front of me in Panera gave his name as Ricardo Montalban. Cashier asked "How you spell that?"...THE PLANE!!
I've only been a few times, but love it!
what time?
thanks for the mention!
If you're interested in the #Clooney arrest - follow
This whole virtual waiting room for #RedSox tickets is #BULLSHIT!!!
one in 20 of the people in the world was born in the US. Luis Navarro
Hahahaha thanks for blowing up my notifications. <3
i wonder if i should start on my homework!?
": i don't really see myself as short tho, im like smedium height"...Lol!! I'm going to use that
As long as no cats are harmed. ;) RT My cat is doing a nice job of keeping my lap warm, but my hands are cold. Cat mittens???
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any. -Alice Walker
I'm having a #Firefly marathon tonight! Nothing like a little space exploration in western-ish outfits to make the day seem better.
you at Balmar tonight or is that saturday?
Wobegon... ARE you OUT THERE??? Watch out kids... He may give you a ticket!
Man... I'm tired of working to pay bills!!
Not sure! Things are definitely different than they were in 2004 than they are now though!
MWC champs! Win win win. Cut down nets
I disappeared for a couple days. My buddy sent me an Xbox 360 and it came on Wednesday so I've been playing/setting up all that fun stuff!!
omg!! My night has been made thanks to ! <U+2764> thank you! :)
Just put in a application at Publix too!!!(:
forgot to tell you that u look fabulous in the music video!
Do you have analytics set up on your salon website to make sure you can track the results of your web strategy? Its easy to learn and use!
Yes! Pocket Full of Rye has people getting it on WHILE SMOKING. I forget which is the lesbian one, but def. wasn't in the book.
Follow my nigga he tweet that real shit
He's another Syracuse guy? How is that possible?
Some yawl women's eyebrows be scaring me
lol, I'll have to check my score then! Haha Really?!
y do i always fall for yur type ?
missed pretty little liars... :o
Once the sun sets come downstairs for some trivia. Free and great prizes!
Is everyone switching from blueberry to pumpkin muffins?
Did anyone see Byrd's cookies on ?? Check out their exclusive Mother's Day deal on !
yes Welcome!
i know u clocked out lol
Hehad essayed to walk along the trunk of a fallen pine
Need to talk to you about payment.
That awkward moment when you realize you didn't get a bagful of white chocolate dipped oreo's....
Land of not surprising: faculty use Google Images more than ArtStor, despite advantages of latter
Just returned from a lovely meal with my mother... Now, hits from the Degabong.
yeah but haymitch is in his 40s. Finding a 20-something haymitch would be perfect
i think i did it right can u see it if u go on my profile??
On my way Beantown! I should be on the ground in 3 hours. Still not at the ORD though, hopefully security is fast
He's a calmer, nicer Pierce Morgan! “: I've NEVER been a Howard Stern fan but I'm enjoying him on Americas got talent. Weird.”
Dear student, when you say "An example of a robbery is when you rob someone" you are not really answering the question.
What a beautiful Morn'in!
"Believe in your goal"
We are short by one runner by the way. If anyone is interested, let me know. Target pace ~ 7 min/mile.
DONT FALL ASLEEP. I NEED YOU. <333
that didn't work so im just gonna copy and paste the link
The required 2-hr online training for organization leaders (pwrpoint WITH audio that can't be skipped) has sapped me of my will to live.
New App Coming called Jackpot Balls in June. Top Stars sign with Crown Games. Arlene Bruce BC Lions Star will be on the New Apple App..
steve Walsh, supplement mistake turned success by the draft genius jimmyjohnson
Have a Great Holiday " ...and God Bless Us....every one !!"
please follow me I love your show so much your such a great actress and singer!!!
Great video!!
RT : The things that some girls wear nowadays.... .___.
will have to check it out.. there is never enough inspiration to be happy in this world.. :)
Its WooHoo Wednesday! What steps are you taking towards your health and fitness goals this week?
haha I told everyone @ school, sent out a mass txt & 3 Fb posts 4 everyone 2 wear red tomorrow! Everyone knows its ur bday! :P
these stones that have seen tough times are held together by the mason's mortar - it too appears weathered - but is holding fast
I mean seriously THANK GOD I live in the future. Pocket computers and 3-D printer,s I love you.
20 C. right now, supposed to get to 26 C. this afternoon.
Charles & Baltimore today 11-2 stop by for your last chance this week for a great lunch
people are tweeting bad memories now
I wrote a spec about P&R and sent it to a writer who writes for Comedy Central and he said "Funniest Spec he has ever read!
New droid tomorrooo. Since my droid now is half broken
it's like $15,000. It might be shown at the NAB show. Attending that next week. I'll let you know what they say.
Happy Hour countdown...60 minutes on the East, 120 minutes for the Mid-West, 180 minutes on the West (sorry West Coast!)
I had hoped that would take a hint from Jesus and make his appearance today. But no. Ah well, Happy Easter!!!
Beautiful morning run around Lady Bird Lake. Great to see tons of people out enjoying our downtown trails. Now off to go vote for
Nice overhang
My mom has to be the stupidest bitch on this planet her day consist of messing up my mood
RT Tune in tonight on BET watch & debut Hurt Somebody the new hit single by Album #Stadium out soon
You can do the indoor table, too! We know it is already HOT! ;)
I'm going to throw up
There's enough ticky-tack at the New Garden tonight to decorate an entire set of elementary school classrooms.
Merry Chistmas Twitter Fam. Enjoy and God bless :-)
Begin each day as if it were on purpose. ~Author Unknown
Taught a bartender with 20 years experience a new drink, clover club.
pm him at i4i
Is really playing Teddy P?!
TURN AROUND FOR 5MINUTES 7 I GOT LIKE 1000 SOMETHING NEW TWEETS.
": I seriously doubt Kate dies...maybe she will become the next Police Chief #castle" this sounds good to me. Thanks 4 the hope!
Rosen recommends Labor Heritage Assn for organizing workers in NM
should i give up on making u notice meh? be cuz i seem invisible to u:((((
After school poops >>>>
Transition into Unicode for East Asian studies was messy (esp. in Japan); glad to be done with that
The only reason for us losing is being distracted by that awful orange filled arena. My eyes are bleeding.
Happy Veterans Day everybody and Happy 11/11/11.
I know you still have feelings for your gf but I really do like you <3I like your smile <3 hope you feel the same way
Just pared down my LinkedIn connections. My view: if I don't know who they are, why did I ever connect to them? No value for either of us.
Luke C. Moore students are working on a zine that aims to improve the community perspective of LCM students through artwork.
"$ is necessary but not sufficient" says - couldn't agree more, Mr. Mayor. We need smart, strategic reforms
unknown as we are taking it on the road. Our first performance of it will be soon at a gallery here in Havover, so probably
BLESS YOU ANTHONY!
Model # BC-105 D L - Ladies 26" Extended Deluxe Beach Cruiser. Color:Pearl White with Red Wheels
Ready for the future. I Have a couple of projects that I'm working on. check out www.wolfeyedesigns.com and sign up for the rss feed.
Melchior De Polignac~ To err is human.
#InMiddleSchool i was a
I believe you are absolutely correct about the Disarray of the World,as long as WE are in disarray.We are the original people
Just received a VIP invite...to grand opening of men's apparel store where sizing begins at XL. I'll now be having celery sticks for dinner.
"..You Boo Rip Oliver but where I come from Rip Oliver is a Real Dude!" Ric Flair 5/14/83. part of classic PDX Wrestling DVD's i just got!!
will you please follow me please please please :)
Let us know if you have any questions at all
Happy B-Day to !
Eating anything other than CURRIED'S CURRY just does not make sense!!!
Plan on it RT : oh you like 's tweets, pleas retweet all of them for the rest of us
That was funny hahaha
Sounds yummy. CCF (Cheese Cake Factory) was okay. The main course filled me up so no cheese cake
fuck u pay me
Duals were pretty good yesterday, not a lot of passing! Danica got knocked into the wall (hard hit) Weather is great!!!!
Isn't it just a winter wonderland out here in Hillsboro?
#5 more days until
feelings!!! ugh. gross. just gunna push those away again and pretend they aren't there :)
what's night market?
I love your WSJ column Jason. I read it every Monday. Your Charlie Weis take was hysterical. Thanks for the laughs.
I always see Simpson kids at North Point mall. It's cool
Ok #twitter world I need your thoughts.Who does the Packers keep or cut?
that's what I thought 2, but #Drake bringing them back. :)
disappointed they were working at Walgreens was what the look was about.
um the crackle, O2 and a nail polish
RT : where are the autocorrect poems? surely it's the next Flarf - call the movement Autocorrect Porns or Autoimmune Puns
it's tomorrow on the HCC sw campus (:
A woman stopped me and asked to borrow my sunscreen. She thought I'd have some b/c I'm just THAT pale. I gave her my SPF 70
sure thing, babe RT : I wanna hear Dolphin Dance at the #SundayJazzLounge kthxbye
Wow, can't believe it's already September...
Thanks! You'll be here next year! :)
I know this really is our year for transformation! God has prepared our hearts and we're going after it!
trying to get the cemetery map?
back in georgia. i enjoyed meeting all u other ce folks at #cefjm2011. it was great hearing all the things y'all r doing!
2day @ noon (PST) there's an online training. Join by responding or email
Six penny whistles as giants. One oboe as Jack. Bass Clarinet as beanstalk.
I think fast five is the worse movie to watch in a week before my drivers exam =P.
what are you doing tomorrow, keewey? (:
Happy PIE DAY? Who's having a slice or two? ...or 3.14
Free Spirit
Follow me Please (; !
And what top secret program would ever print t-shirts, complete with location and project name? But still an enjoyable episode.
Watch and listen as Joe Hite performs on the piano , tonight and tomorrow at 9pm.
Aww, Mikey, calm down, buddy.
good morning. And yes it's 7 here..-.-
Mikey Here > any body want to wake up at 4:30 am this Saturday morning and run for 5 hours? About 15-20 miles?
I have had the music I like on LOUD all afternoon. I've also been singing at the top of lungs, wildly offkey. Nobody here to care.
Wow what a nice day great day to bne outside
What time will u b Home?
good to hear! You look beautiful in your profile pic.
Addicting show! Love that this episode is being filmed in Boston.
the oldest AfroAm sorority is here at #EmpowermentCongress !
Thanks Megan. Great job in English class today. “: >>> any other principal”
This getting dark at 5:30 thing really sucks!
don't do it dear. rots the brain. read a good book or watch a better movie
that video made me literatly cry. it upsets me so much knowing tht he gets tht from people :/
Them other hoes be wishing that they had them boomerangs but they got them frisbees !
We are excited. We are on our way up to summer camp! We are visiting the camp we hold for children with
In February, EBSCO eliminated all fees and just charges the publishers recommended price for ebooks.
Pre Order Thomas Friedman's "That used to be us" via your Kindle reader (free) and save $10 and save a tree and understand saving USA
do we need an all-night bro night to get back out gaming skillz and pwn some noobs???
Anyone can catch your eye, but it takes someone special to catch your heart.
thanks for signing up ! don't forget to start a discussion on the discussion boards, we'd love to hear more about you!
you own a car?!?! I thought you just biked places.
in August
I miss him a lot right now ):
As Stephanie Tanner would say, "How rude!"
Yellow Pages turns over a new leaf - WalesOnline
Paula Rubio and
girl at hme n pain... My mouth is killin me
Yeah buddy! has a #moombah tune on their up coming EP.
hi is there a schedule M anymore for Making Work Pay?
Tonight better be fun, freetime... ;)
Thats a smart move...I should do that...cuz unless I get a new case, my phone will break...
Heeyyy Steve (waving my hand) <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><U+270B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
Dude at the concert last night In "Be prepared." Lol and we were singing "UH" I was laughing so hard
96 more days.... Wow time flies.
A really good "bassline" will connect with almost everybody...BOOM!...BOOM!!....BOOM!!!
okay(; love you too.<3
do you realize how good you are at puns? #youaremovement holla.
okay sounds good..give me a little while to work outside while there is sun here. :)
You must want a <U+E335>?
STILL can't access your site due to MySQL error.
The song was appropriate!
Rush hour traffic with a puppy in the car is probly the worst thing that's ever happened in my life
no, I'm not a fan of your super grunged HDR of your Subaru forester in your driveway. even with the sunset backdrop
the world is a SMALL place
webinar with and is starting now! Feel free to use #ContentQs for all questions
Really mad at myself for not getting into sooner! So inspiring, real, and hilarious! I am now an
Im truly flattered that your eyes graced the likes of my blog! Are you free tomorrow, friday or saturday to Skype?
you too, dig your work, keep the good stuff coming!
Nice. Picked up that pennant & a car decal at Walgreens. like three bucks.
Damn it QPR play defense!!!!!
Fennimore brings in Kane Klais from third base to pitch. He strikes out Nick Mohlmann for the second out.
We women use it as an excuse to eat anything (and everything)
Have you texted your vote for the Indy Reads Glove yet today? If not get those fingers movin! Text READS to 86132
My carpet smells amazing. Good night.
the three stooges movie looks hilarious! i had no idea that the guy from will and grace was in it!
SCANNER: Rollover at Aurora Parkway & Orchard Road in SE Aurora. Rescuers en route.
that's cheating if they wear sandels they need to do it bare footed lol
Sun screen in the eye. FML. Not gonna let it put a damper on the day though.
I, yes I, am the one who comforts you. So why are you afraid of mere humans, who wither like the grass and disappear? Is. 51:12...
#Triathlon. It's a
- you're amazing! What a good person. Sac will miss you!
We have over 1200 beers it's so hard to pick just one favorite #beer!
Not that I know of! But how come everyone else gets to invent holidays and say when we celebrate?! Why not us!
noo i can't miss school:( okay tomorrows the last day you'll see me before braces hahaha
No video?
lookin' good Mat and fan! Go get'm today!
Researcher using an iPad to copy documents - may be a first for us.
Seeking a Ford Focus in WV --hard to come by. Make more please :)
Love is like being at the top of the Ferris Wheel all the time ~ Lori
Couldn't pass up the opportunity to have the word "siiimbaa" pass through your mind in Jay's voice.
Thank You!! ": Thanks for following!"
YOUR NOT A FUCKING GOD. YOUR GOING TO EAT KFC AND BURGER KING ON CARDBOARD BOXES AND NO ONE IS GOING TO GIVE A SHIT ABOUT YOU
Lottie's is open til midnight for those with nowhere to go. Kitchen elves are off tonight, food menu is limited.
Berlin is really pretty intuitive (O
i smell
Don't worry about people who aint worried about you
I talked to my parents &they said I can donate some of my money to help the ! It Feels good.
This is impossible to do when we are filled with worry. Explanation of St. Luke
The co-founder of the Free Gaza Movement Greta Berlin & Talia Shulman Gold (CAMERA) Wed April 13th 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
I need to post more on #facebook haha
then again some men are self aware to a fault. Much to their own detriment Woman seem to dislike truth in men #
It's scary how satisfying this is.
Lets go heat and orioles
God's grace is sufficient!!
fan-freaking-tastic. Just managed to spill a whole cup of Vietnamese hot sauce all over my Property outline. #iswearit'snotblood!
“: Buddy boy RT : Morning people”<~~ Leh'Go
love you morreeeee! <U+E418>
Sex? No thanks. My life fucks me everyday. 2 summons
Whoa!!!. hey . I have vids pics and all type of chit soon coming from the last couple shows. I hope you are doing good. :)
Being able to get a tan on while in my room >>>
Had a boring night
Stopped at a gas station for a quick snack. Resisted the doritos and bought oranges and apples. So proud of me. lol
I'm watching "My Teen Would Never Do That" but they totally would!
On it! The #MSPSMT is on a mission ;-)
I can't bealive people are actually getting in trouble for the App I'd cap that.
My boyfriend snapped a shot of this at AAM. I just LOVE it!
Good morning
I had no idea that I had a wave.
I received the proof and am in the process of going over it. Should still be on schedule for the July 31st release. Woot! So exciting.
I would never have guessed, mainly because I am too obtuse to figure out what it means!
Tonight we pick up a World Series Game 1 Winner on the Cards...
If you want this Bemis, well God make Bem and Bem will kick your ass.
Life can be art if we arrange it that way!
I got a big interview today & a prayer would really mean a lot
We just shipped out a unique and fun prop for a client in Canada: a 12' x 12' smiley face that will be placed on the front of their building
“: Short People – God only lets things grow until they are perfect. Some of us didn’t take as long as others!!!”. <3 it!
So wish my body didnt reject piercings I want my lip pierced... :(
No; I started it once and gave up after about 10 pages. I seem to remember it having very dense stream of consciousness.
kim jong eel for all
I thought they stopped serving breakfast at 11.
or invite me over to your house! Spankings will be there
lmfao go home
I gotcha
What ya niggas know bout that snow grind?! Jeezle!
Some old guy knows how everyone's bag should go in the overhead. MKE tarmac flight nw205.
totally agree.
Driving home from Hennesseys, buzzed and exhausted from an epic night of beer pong...pics up tomorrow. Focker OUT
I'm about to put a colt 45 1911 to this phone if it auto corrects me one more time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Celebration time at C+S offices! We've been awarded 2 Silver Anvil Awards for community relations and issue mgmt through
haha okay so talk to you tomorrow?? LOL
“: shill shill shill RT : Santorum: whine, whine, whine.”
Anyone have any creative German grilling recipes?
My throat hurts :(
we're 9 away from 150! thank you guys so much c:
Congrats to Barack for being selected for this year's "Dancing With The Stars"!!!!! All that dancing will hurt his golf game.
yeah for sure. Today they had this "Survive the Zombies" shooting training where they train you for when Zombies takeover.
THANKS FOR FOLLOW,ALL BLUE MARTINI EMPLOYEES SPECIAL SPECIAL DISCOUNTS! MENTION BLUE MARTINI GET DISCOUNTS ON ALL PURCHASES
I love that movie it's just wow
Don't forget your mom this Mother's Day! Maybe get her some roses? M Hmm.
My favorite Presidents are JFK Jr and LBJ. Every other President after that systematically targeted minorites with their policies.
CARanimalreliefGet ready for another show from www.blogtalkradio.com/creat... starting in about 20 minutes todays subject.. Nutrition
Want your products/services in front of our hundreds of event attendees? No problem: Become an event sponsor to snag a booth space!
love you too boo boo <3 i know youd do the same for me (:
awww happy valentines day, love!! <3
I'm back and today is going to rain the whole day! :D I love that I'm going to eat and after that going to the patio to lay on the grass (:
dont let me catch you with ya fanga in my sugar bowl
Let's hope Terps go for 2 if they score here! Fear the Turtle
Thank you! :)
hey guess what, YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL!! <333 :)
idk I feel like wearing that one to Catherine's birthday
We want to know what are some of your favorite spots to visit in Atlanta? Restaurants, lounges, clubs, bars, parks, etc..
What course is included in the complementary trial? Crisis Counseling
Sounds yummy, Will be testing recipes.
Where's my brother though?! o.0
time to get something else on the menu. Labor needs to be served.
lesbians should not be allowed to buy dildos... you made your choice
burned 78 calories doing 15 minutes of "Stationary bike, light effort (bicycling, cycling, biking)"
all we did was walk around and eat shit lmao!
ONE DIRECTION
just heard this on the radio, so sad!
I'm afraid I ha to unfollow u
Do I make that move to In N Out or what?
lmfbo it's okay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Great to see you!
LOVE!! Such faithful friends~ ;)
Rough night to be a Bulls Fan
you can say some real cold shit, but if you sound lame sayin it, ain't nobody gon wanna hear it, thats why Fabolous suck to me lol
Meanwhile, Washoe County officials have blasted the firefighters union as part of the reason its leaving the Reno Fire Department.
Happy 4 year anniversary of dropping 102 in the Barnstorming Tour!!!
Yikes. If you ever have kids then they will likely be Red Sox and/or Braves fans. Civil war.
I believe that data, alone, does little to improve tchg & learning. It's what educators DO with that data that impacts tchg & learning.
b-positive. :D
Planet Tennis: Well Duh.If Ur focus is pro comp most clubs/resorts r waste of time & money.Take recommendations from top fifty.F#%* the rest
I wanted to incorporate some of your products for advert
Congrats. Sorry I didn't text you back saturday, I had just finished moving and I didn't see it till yesterday.
no idea lmaooo
C/J could be going pay because advertisers don't wanna pay their rates and/or not impressed with their hit numbers.
Working on , Bus Law, and Org Change. Thursdays are the best
Happy Friday my fellow Tweethearts!!!
yes we all do
I LOVE going to Hardberger Park. Ever head there?
Happy Birthday, Irving Berlin!
Guys stop spamming Bailey, he's new to twitter and he might be confused on what is going on. The last thing he needs is a spam.
watching tye basketball game GO CELTICS!!!
It must be a great feeling knowing how loved you are everywhere!
#Blackparentsquotes you better be in the house before those street lights come off!
They seem real time for me... try refreshing your browser rather than waiting for Twitter???
BIDEN loudly states: My Mother eats JUST AS MUCH as a RICH GUY!
Can't sleep. AGAIN.
He will save the steam for when...er, "if" Lebron ever wins a ring. MVP's sans a ring means very little.
Man I miss that view from Alki!
record conversations and pretend they talked to the person you had a real conversation with by repeating some little comment.
finally made it to the meat market district
takes deep breath no
John Henry has closed door meeting with BobbyV after the game
RT cool “: Watching American Dad”
dear stranger who just let your dog take a shit in my front yard, thanks for that.
Was gonna reply with "I wanna be on you", but that seemed wildly inappropriate. Wait, let me start over...I wanna be on you
Happy Friday! Come in for a therapeutic massage to get your weekend started off right. Go to www.massagedc.com for your $10 off coupon
Had a great audition with BET. Fingers crossed and prayers being said!
Guys, don't feel left out this #MothersDay, bring her to - the menu includes biscuits&gravy, CountryOmelets, porkchops & more
McCoy gets sacked, and then an incompletion to end the game. At least they didn't stop fighting. McCoy next week, pls.
Beer connoisseur? What are your thoughts on Franzikaner?
RT : #sagaftra #oneunion I voted yes. Did you? Will you? Your ballots MUST be received by March 30 to be counted. What r u...
No!!!!!!!! Last day for interns Mina Vu and Sonya Rahrow. Our loss is your gain. Hiring?
i kno how u feel........ all u need is a big ass tylenol
It took me a minute, but I finally worked out what you were saying. So...thanks, man.
Best HP quote! “: "Such a beautiful place to be with friends... Dobby is happy to be with his friend Harry Potter." Sniff!
What time are the numbers being called? I plan on finding out on Twitter.
There's something uniquely charming about editing photos by candle light. Thanks, Tropical Storm Lee. This is actually lovely.
“RFT : It's funny how I'm a type of person who never accepts compliments, but believes every insult.”
my good friend is on the juice right now... And I just don't get the appeal of it. Why does a guy need to be super ripped?
By the time summer ends I am going to be one tatted bitch... Lol I'm addicted what can I say!... Tattoo's is the art to me...
I love v-necks.
At one point, I was trying to figure out which tribes used "digitalize" and which "digitize" but no conclusions.
I can see Mt Baker to the north and rainier to the south, both in alpenglow
The show "weeds" is dope.
It's really hard for me to appreciate/like a cover artist who sings songs that I really love and doesn't do as good a job as the original
#funfacts about #teeth: Ancient Greeks were the first to invent dental pliers. www.kravitzdental.com.
We open in one week! #Popstars, #BFFs, #meangirls,#thedevil, #boys and #candy - BE THERE! www.thedevilanddaisyjane.com
Just had the best night I've experienced in months. Saturday nights just keep getting better lately.
looks like dirk!!!
It is time to think about joining one of our FUN-filled Spring leagues and be eligible to win $50,000.
If Sarah Palin and the Tea Party Clan want a Revolution - bring it on! Cons aren't the only ones with fight in 'em!
yeah, I'm hoping I can figure something out.
And she did a wonderful job. Meeting Orly and that panel was one of the highlights of our trip.
After two months of coffee, even #illy tastes disgusting.
Happy 17th birthday :)))
hahaha yeah she's there I'm at work
I love you please follow or retweet me (;
RT : Find out how you can enter to win a $25 gift card to AND sign up for the free Patch newsletter!...
it's easy to do when it's good stuff!
okay I'll make that when I get home :) what should we call it?? "The best screening ever"
99.9% certain they're moving to ANAHEIM...of all places.
nowadays im the young grasshopper
1. I like dick
Dang...just discovered a new place to post online...Reddit. wonder what this is about. :-)
Vindication-Lord-I'd like a BIG order of that please, I'm in complete Obedience with You & Kingdom things-Help the Blind to see-Yes even Me!
Didn't see it!
Wow..I'm actually cooking
which art history are you in...
i am just fine. how about you?
what about my bf ?
Just asked myself the same thing RT : Third overtime how come i havent been watching this all night?
RT : Snooki is so short and orange she works part-time as a traffic cone... ROTFL!
I follow back! So yeah ;)
When I was a child my mother asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I said “A Magician”. She said “You can’t do both”.
Got a problem with me? I’m pretty sure a status on Facebook won’t fix it.
I'll be presenting about Truth in Lending Act and other foreclosure defenses to Mortgage Defense Attorneys of IL 2/28 in Chicago
hahaha...Favre will be glad to know he's still talked about... :-)
Anyone built a firemikesmith website yet?
Breaking out the pom-poms and heading over to SDSU in the a.m. for a mini Pep Rally !
you mean Virginia
Went to the eye doctor and got a new prescription of contacts. Now looks even more beautiful than before.
Idc Wat no one say my mind can cheer u up if u follow me lol
by lifetime do u mean year?
bat seem to be a problem!!!
Just finished my daily 10 mile run. 60 min 13 sec. Pretty poor effort.
Gold on the Ceiling
Julian-Yellow oh and Jared-Green
Mockingbird station now, Knox-Henderson next stop.
Repeat after me: Team is everything.
it's the 80s song-train of thought not running parallel to tweet. Thought KP hot/cold 1st before the 80s-all in 30sec lol
What's your favorite walking and/or running shoe?
EEk. I hope the healing process is swift.
Have a Philippians 2:14 kind of day. "Do everything w/o grumbling or arguing" - That delay in traffic could be keeping you from an accident.
#celebratethemovies Airplane! came out when we were in high school and my friends and I laughed non-stop.
Watching on Austin and Ally right now..And then I get to see in May! :D
Jack it's only Thursday tom. Boo
Jose Bautista tenth home run in ten career games at Target Field...
Doing well! and you?
We are all atheists about most of the gods that societies have ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further. - Richard Dawkins
": Bob & Renee Parsons are amazing people. I thoroughly enjoyed interviewing them for a video today. (Bob is GoDaddy founder)
Brittany in here listening to radio rap. Out loud.
DELISH! RT: Want to try the *new* CLIF BAR seasonal flavor Peppermint Stick? We've got 5,000 bars to new/current [U.S.] followers!
roger espinaca cheese dip
Ah, the good old writing fugue.
I was runnin in circles I hurt myself just to find my purpose everything was so worthless I didn't deserve this but to me you were perfect
what!!! Q! Find my PBR girl in BK And wear the hat!
Gary Johnson didn't miss much in this debate. Maybe he should tweet more stuff and make the rounds on news shows once more.
it's on it's way shawtys.
thanks for the follow!
I just signed up. I like Node a lot when it's the right tool for the job. You should go. And too.
#trashyourextuesday He pulled the emergency brake while I was driving 70 mph because he got mad. We could have died because we spun around.
Happy Birthday my friend! May the new year bring you nothing but blessing!
Finally my trader joes has #avocados form Cali! Paying more for them than at home, but it's worth it. I'm an avo snob
Electric Daisy Carnival is just a few days away, this week is going to blow by so fast!
Allow me a moment to sing the praises of for telling me about Notepad++.
wouldn't it be great if you had so much money you could muck a winner in a 100k pot to spite someone else's 3k propbet? :)
can't decide if it's a cricket or someone's phone alert..,
My last RT is a perfect example of why Dan reminds me of a puppy (:
He is cute most of the time. Other times he is a complete, total, pain in my ass.
Happy Kwanzaa everybody.
Good call re a photoclub! Any you recommend?
Man,, I don't downgrade.. I'm not stupid, maybe I'm too smart.. So enjoy it.. "chekk"
This is a first: On the plane and now they're checking everybody's ID... Flight is NOT gonna be on time.
Sleep has eluded me several nights. Really anxious for school to be out & hope to have a relaxing summer...
This weekend WHOOOOAAAW ! let's get it
my dream will come true if you follow or tweet me :))
“: Jenelle just told me Keiffer is better and better looking than me. Who's laughing with me?” too funny
Going to the Lake Union District Council tonight. Looking forward to hearing what people have to say!
I never leave the house without applying foundation.
Electronic resources you didn't know existed: The Handbook of
Can they please stop showing that damn David Tyree catch!
Multiply 2 times 1, subtract it by 2, that's how many fucks are given about you . +n+(<U+25E3>_<U+25E2>)+n+
That's why I haven't touched it since October. I'm gonna get it this time :)
Do your best to weed out the ones who are genuinely interested from those who are treating it as a…
15 minutes goes by very slowly when waiting for a sandwich...
Hi Linda! Long time no talk.
please don't use the head or chair or the person in front of you as a handle when you want to get up
funniest tweet I've read in a while. Miss ya Timmy! Alanis car jam this summer please?
8 days left of school..
You know you love someone when you try to convince yourself that you don't.
Beware the Ides of May!
I heard you're a player. Nice to meet you, I'm the coach.
same back. We both need wins tomorrow.
It's a good apartment because they allow pets
WELL STATED on She contributes nothing, spreads hatred and incites fear. Makes #USA look infantile.
Flourless Chocolate Cake tonight at our Balboa Park location! Served with our Coconut Creamsicle Ice Cream! Yum!
What up B? Fight Saturday, I know you will be watching!
Thanks! Ok, I think that's it for today! :)
March 10 is the last indoor market with the outdoor opening May 19th
Good one! Waiting for the green flag too! RT : Quitting time I can"t get out of here Fazzt enough and start my weekend!
The Google search page today features Robert Doisneau, a fantastic people and street Photographer. He used a Leica, and used it well.
Spread the word of our Small Ministry Helping Abused Children. We need all the good help we can get. Kiss your Kids-make e;m Smile for us
“: You can never have enough donuts.” tell that to my stomach
Exciting bottom of the 6th! A double by Bando drove in Santomauro, and Anderson just hit a 2-run homer! Up 7-2!!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the have been nice all season up until now with this questionable loss
Hurray new apartment!
oh man. This is awkward. You'll get your clothes back soon :)
hey guys. tell walter i said happy birthday, hope it was awsome :)
The path to happiness is forgiveness of everyone and gratitude for everything. - Jonathan Lockwood Huie
Does anyone else feel awkward topping a muscle dude? Feels good in a way, but weird too..if that makes sense?
If I was being judged for what I did at 16-17, I would have no friends, no wife and be homeless.
falling apart in little pieces
Cherry Republic founder Bob Sutherland talking about humble beginings becoming great things. #LoveGlennArbor!
Read some of Treasure Yourself at the bookstore...good stuff, girl. :)
im deff across the classroom lol , do yur work over there !! (:
got it. Sorry for my misunderstanding.
« That awkward moment when you post a status and no one likes it, so you end up deleting it.»
oh my god i love you so much
Let us know how it was! So glad to have a new spot to eat on the west end of the
RT : "One of John Lackey's major disadvantages is not being good at #baseball."
My bitch aint got no tat's ~
i went a whole wk when i went to the bahamas this summer no comp either, but i stayed so busy i didnt miss it
some shit for lifting to much or some shit
worst pool ever. Oscars here I come!
#fridaylistens finished Caleb's Crossing by Brooks and started Brava, Valentine by Trigiani
Damn....I'm hungry.
work sent me home early!!! It's a #shocation but unfortunately i'm
My bestfriend automatically cheers me up
are you sick or some thing :/ ? and well I'm ok and wait is it because you're moving right :/ ?
It's a helluva start, being able to recognize what makes you happy. ---Lucille Ball
Whats happening to kobe????
Woo Hoo!! Someone famous is following me.
omg. That is beyond awesome!!!!!
hope so too!!
That Ohio drawing is the best! Who did it?
sorry to learn what happened; hope no permanent damage, and you make swift recovery…
Keep his teammates from banging his mom!! RT : Grow a full head of hair!!!!!! RT : LeBron can't do what?
Another case, my girlfriend and I went to see your show but we went into the SHOWROOM. What a wonderful surprise.
if you #love #bread, then check out our LoveBread! Its basically the vitamin water of bread and proceeds go to helping poverty!
Happy Valentine's Day you sweet thing!
Drunk in my telly alone....fenna hit da sheets night
Should We Donate Money to KONY 2012?
<U+200E>"Resist our tendencies to make right or true that which is merely familiar and wrong or false that which is only strange."
oh boohoo I had mono for 2 months and I was still on school.. GET YO BUTT IN SCHOOL.
Sorry about that last tweet. I ran out of characters. It's supposed to be your fav BTR Guy.
“: We are more than flyover country.” That's the truth!
We can arrange this as long as you don't bring all 71K of your followers.
Portland selects two Democrat professional politicians in Primary to run for Mayor! We need to stop voting for professional politicians!
Dang fam!! Lol. Where you headed to?
turned it off
My daddy erks me when he makes me turn my music down &' he got the car music blasting -_______-
Sweet! I'm so proud of the great work our teachers R doing. We have some remarkable teacher leaders in the
staff/volunteers are so swift & friendly during check in & registration. Glad we could sponsor the registration area!
like the new background and twitter profile picture.
Cheese Cake Factory In a Few With Da Fam So Happy :)
My Last Retweet Is The Story Of My Life!
Monitoring Fermilab severe weather conference with Bjork song "Storm" stuck in my head. It's sad how much a Bjork fan I've become.
take what you want & want what you take.
its so goo! the girl with asbergers never sings lol
I'm getting married in July, Manny!! <U+E415><U+E034>
Particulalry when the Brown-Forman or Bacardi archivist are there!
lol trust I know
Get real, #4. 'Cause I love having friends. And I love getting to know people. But you've shown yourself to be a soul-sucker, not a person.
ah wha??? u got me that? for realls? :)
A question came up for after her kickoff session, and Molly gave some details. You watching today John?
Happy Mothers day to all the #Pisces Mothers n mothers of a #Pisces. My MOM has given a GIFT to this world the day she had me
It's not too late... #Duke comeback now
Monday ; wake up ; smoke up ; work on a full #BOPPO! line for Summer 2012 ; hit the streets for some shredding!
so sick of this
Will we burn inside the fires of a thousand Suns...
Wade choked too, but seeing as Lebron tattoed "The Chosen One"on himself/calls self King, I'm gonna expect a lil more from him
Like Nando's
just had an amazing dinner at , everything was fantastic!
Hey was looking to talk business with guys. Tweet me back if you wanna discuss business! Thanks =)
I refuse to sit around & wait on you while I could be out scouting for new talent! Lol
you are absolutely right!!!
your teeth look great :)
: Omg coldstone called me for an interview!! --- Nice!
Instead of "going #commando" you should start calling it going "Kozmando." You're welcome.
#ThingsMyMotherSays TEXT ME!
New background ;)
good morning, and how is the lovely desiree today
Guys... Why are you soo hard too read / :
#yeahrightjose RT I know all ;P RT : Who knows anything really.
...I gotta talk to you
#FiftyShadesofGrey Anastasia should have listened #Rihanna S&M before entering the Play Room. It would've sweetened the deal.
LMAO you call that normal ? Omg his to cute! <3
Successfully employing the "private Twitter list" strategy for reducing noise. Here's to Lent and kind of fasting.
Grandma's Unofficial 85th birthday /
Hollywood Bowl tonight with my little Bubu. Ah......
My phone all day >>>>
Sour Gummy Octopuses are soo good!
Happy Easter!
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward too your music!! <3
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Symphony Crack show last night! Had a blast!
For once, i just want someone to care about me and my feelings for a change.
singing I need you tonight by BSB doesn't fix your problems how ever it fixes your soul!!!
You mean you're not going by Unicorn Ninja anymore?
Well we doubled our short lines this morning. Opened positions on Friday afternoon. Should be hedged or short now
Cause you need, you really need, and after, that everything gonna be fine.
Every morning I roll over and check my cell phone first
Discover Card will match every dollar AGAIN for the next 3 minutes!! call now - 602-277-3003!
It's a regular thing now- see you NEXT Friday! ; )
Luna Referendum Defense Fund, i.e. teacher pay backfill: so no need for Kestrel West to mount campaign?
pussy talking pussy talk
I was convinced that nothing on TV could ever compete with "The Wire." Well, "Justified" might be in the ballpark.
yeah I bailed her butt out. No never been on a plane. I always drive. Scared the plane will go down...lol
5% of college students in 2008 were black men. Yet, black men were incarcerated more than any other group—6.5x the rate of white males.
Catching up on last week's #SNL. "I'm Twitter famous." Meaning??? "Not famous." LOL
(3) $250 grants available for GA library parapros to attend GaCOMO in Macon on Oct 3-5. Hit me up for the app and recommendation forms.
Row five behind the on deck circle and Attanasio again, nbd
Until my island trip tommorow, I get to sip a deep roast Mt. Meru coffee on the world's slowest internet connection in downtown Entebbe
Why is the bracelet ceremony guy yelling at us?
Just told my 4yo to get a grip of himself as he was crying b/c of yet another ouchie. I win at parenting!
PLEASE FOLLOW ! So nice! She needs more followers! Please follow her! :]
The boro is so boring
My brother thought it would be funny to hang all my bras on a tree in our backyard. #good one cj
I get more confused when I pay attention in Spanish class
Friday will be the day of our return if all works out well, be on the look out Thur...
Enjoy your island but remember to come home. I miss you!
What are your thoughts on Jordan Hill? Do you think he is for real - chance of breakout?
yeah well my Friday night was real exciting. Just to give you an idea I was asleep by the time u sent that tweet. Ha
so, aside from the very real possibility of the game being rendered unplayable in the blink of an eye without warning?
you wouldnt understand
1/2 price on select bottles of wine all week!
is doing an AwESOME seminar. GO GO GO. Did I mention that you should GO!!!!!!!!!!
Ask Chin Strap isn't he a Dub Stub queen?
“: Who watched the show tonight?(:” I did(: It made my day SO much better!!<33 #Thanks #ImAlexsGirl ;)
Hello and Happy Tuesday! I sent the flyer to your Bowling Frame email address and I also left you a question. Thanks much!
Ah!! CRAP.. I thought it was Friday..
I won't be telling my grandkids what I could've been, but instead will be sharing all that I accomplished as inspiration for them 2 do more!
It was an honor to speak last night in the #SIBAW class at #DukeUniversity. Thanks to the students and to , Tim and Mary. Wow.
Hi Chris! We're so sorry we missed your tweet! For the future, we unfortunately don't take lane reservations but we book parties!
Looks like he's smiling?
all depending on what you have to say! Quality!
lol... Not mad at the plug at all.. Lol!!
I can tell! Lol
Make sure to sign the #SaveBFF petition since took it off the air...
Good Luck!
so does this mean that you are playing Carrie ?
Never met but this St Pattys shot goes to him...for his efforts to get our troops the hell outa there & safely home...Slange!
Is it too early to talking Rookie of the Year possibilities for Cozart?
Woohoo for graduation! That is definitely something to happy dance for, even if you're back to the books in a month.
1000x thanks to Sens. and for helping to defeat the #KeystoneXL pipeline.
what a great twitter idea! Will follow you back. Thanks for following me!
Love is one of the strongest forces in the world! Every body want it but don't know how to get it
This is not the day to hate on Mexicans.
Do you own an incredible Service or Therapy Animal? Send us your picture and tell us your story about your animal @ www.crtasa.blogspot.com
a dramatic difference in the play this game from the last.. we no longer fear the paint.... good call carlisle
any ideas of how NOT to fall as much??? And could you follow me? Please!!!
Golden St is like an AAU team!!
good luck Trev
followed, follow back!
Today's Sandwich: Mini grilled ham & cheese on sourdough.....served with a cup of soup....$6.95 *Chili is 50 cents extra
I watched bout dat 2 but on youtube lol
#fatasstweet lol RT": and eat!! That's what I'm more worried about lol"
We're proud of you, you're inspirational...show C who's the boss!
oh wow how do u kno this
Lynden, Washington, USA :)
omg wow
ugh! so ready to go
“: Meryl, did she just hit the help? #oscars #tweetroast” best tweet of the night!
oh goody its raining...hope I can volunteer at the library...
panty lines are ewe. My mom has been getting on to me about them since middle school. Lol -___-
Someone give me something to do tonight.
morning Austin!
about the new album "atmospheric, literate, romantic drinking songs. What more do you want out of life?" -Geoff Berner, artist
The Current Analysis CEM Webinar - CEM study done on Fixed, Mobile and Converged Operators.
Rachelle is at a picnic. Whole Foods and the like is full of mostly organic wannabe's, yes
Idaho's Armstrong, in run-up to Olympics, wins another bike race - The Republic
Have you seen my emails? Would love to know what is going on!
Do u have A?4 me it's totally worth it...i've locked my keys in my car almost 10 times,had 2 be towed & had a dead battery..all in 2 yrs
um the love is mutual!
No one can butcher a chicken joke like my daughter.
Click austin mahone.... vote.... refresh. repeat.
Last week of HS volleyball. Division matches coming up nxt week... Cannot miss volleyball!
It's raining so sweet, and I can't find the strength to get out of bed. I'm possess by the rain drops as they fall against my window.
I used to collect souvenir pennies and I think I ended up giving them away before we moved several years ago. Now I want them!
Serious question for - why do so many of your books end with the death of a main character?
Yeah does
*sheds a tear*
Wishing I was home today! #homesick RT : "All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother." -Abraham Lincoln
#Redshirting: Keeping #Children Back to Give Them An Advantage. Quackery: When Are We Going To Let Them Be Who They Are!
I'm glad I am in there now
“: it was babe” no way!! This guy sounded old!!
Everybody that replied and said they're interested, please check your Direct Messages for details! "Not a giveaway* Helping a friend sell.
its only an extra ten bux for the M&G?? Cheap...how much for a pvt view of scott eatin dinner??
Thanks for the rt! Maybe your so-cal networks can help us fill a date.
Awesome! We'll find her! RT : I didn't catch her name she had a black jacket from allied health science group.
Well survived writing 2 essays..
I fuckin hate Future. If I listen to it I will laugh the whole time.
There are worse ways to spend a Sunday afternoon than getting sucked into watching FotR on tv for several hours.
They're still there. All 7 piles.
Last night I dreamed that & I used taxidermied squirrels as finger puppets @ the Cs RnR party; deserved to be there.
I wanna go so bad. Tell dad we should go for vacation. Haha
do you take reservations for a table on the patio? Or is it first come first pick?
I'll be there! I feel really bad about not being able to make the last 2 I believe.. :(
BYE cover > 1D original
good evening twitters!!!`
Whoa- that just reminded me that Bill Murray was in my dream last night..driving a smart car. How random?!
I'd rather be broke and happy than rich and unhappy...shit I'm lying.
Ima just change my shorts soo i aint gotta go thru no more trouble
what is your concern? just curious.
So the President believes gay people can get married. But as a Muslim, does he believe lesbians can get divorced?
last chance to see jesus!
RT RT!! Christmas savings in full effect !!
Anytime. Thanks.
nope. it's 75 and sunny.. gonna get like 90 today and it's only 7 in the morning
The moment the heated seats kick in.
Any google analytics integration geniuses out there?
rescue me from everything.
want an idea of what we do? youtube: GBWVisionInstitute !!!
oh. those kinds of tools. i wish i was as handy with those as with the digital ones :)
In such a great mood!!
Mobile Apps Developers needed in #Denver and #LosAngeles #jobs Top dogs who've built & sold stellar apps needed!
From , Director of 'Rubber' Comes 'Wrong Cops'. A Short Film Starring to Play at Director's Fortnight
I couldn't care less who wins the NBA Championship as long as it ain't the Heat. The Lebron jokes are too funny. They can't stop now.
There is a sound in the restaurant , someone keeps playing it . OH MY GOSH . shut up it's driving me crazy . lol
but it's actually been a lot warmer lately.(:
totally bitchen article about nuclear fusion, thank you for writing it Pat!
And going for big hits instead of tackles. #packers playing awful in all phases right now.
Firefly it is! Woo Hoo!
Is it EVER going to warm up in Wisconsin?
she told me she was working on calling me •-•
Just passed Shuttle Enterprise still docked to the 747 mothership at JFK. Pretty cool.
AZ bound in less than 24 hours. So excited!
Just ran around the bay and now lunch in a Little Italy cafe
Have that quote on my fridge. It's the BEST!
Slept from 830 last night to 930 this morning.
I can't see them coming down my eyes so I got make this song cry
Did you know? will be serving up a hot meal around noon today. See some1 in need? They're welcome at
oh my goshh , call of duty is so addicting ! ugh ,
No equitable, compassionate health care for the richest nation ever.
Sorry to have missed you today. Thanks to your excellent organization it went really well! Hope you and the family are all...
Pete Wentz and Ashlee Simpson are getting a divorce...to every Fall Out Boy fangirl obsesse; your dreams have come true. XXD
5 hours of coverage of the World Series of Poker from ESPN2? Mite as well just watch cribbage on TV. Or Backgammon. I don't get it.
1970 – The #Beatles' last album, "Let It Be," is released in
Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain
Thorne Avery new country artist
I told you. Portland with &
“Sink or Swim” is # 1 on iTunes Singer/Songwriter Chart!!! Check him out
He'll think it looks great like and I do.
. I'd pair the Reserva with pulled pork. Yummy, yummy!
Teardrops tattooed under the eye are the new fad for front end help. Lucky, a cashier in National City, had two.
you should come to Chicago
Thinking about starting a semi-regular review of various Netflix watches... Any thoughts on what I should go for first?
I can't...I feel like I can't breathe...:(
Ain't that a bitch! RT HuffingtonPost If you're worried about student debt, you may want to steer clear of state schools
dang... I'm out of bubblegum > _<
We are as different from ourselves as we are from others
At UWM, attending the Nonprofit Leadership Student Association's 2nd Annual Nonprofit Networking Fair!
Ah good tweeting golf today! Norm have you considered tweeting Formula1? ... I think you are just what #F1 needs!
Chocolate cake crashing. Right now.
Stop acting like you've paid for anything for anyone else in your life.
thanks for
"Validate" all competitive drills with a free throw at the end (Vance Wallberg)
I can't hear this staff training webinar. Is that going to be a problem?
this is not an uncommon situation, his go-tos are bathroom stalls and wherever food is located.
Hi Gerry, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
Raining outside in Boston :p how are you today?
Totally covet your fireplace...
And yet relationships don't seem to be getting any better. As usual we are encouraged to spend money and get nothing in return.
Tastes of SD dishcrawl, one of the featured items will be lemon beef! Can you guess what restaurant is serving this?
my minutes r running up but i'll be on soon so we can go out ;)
What about now?
Groves has certified caregivers on duty 24 hours a day.
i didnt really like Michael Jackson, he scared me.. but i still respect that he was very talented
uh duh! haha. sometime after prom.
please help me and RT so i can get more followers (: thanks.
Know when holograms will catch on? When price point drops & we can send them in lieu of ourselves to holidays.
Which Themed Hotel Suite Best Suits You?
follow our personal 1d twitters!
Libraries are too important to not have leaders everywhere, & somethings are very critical, and we need to step into them w/ courage
happy b-day boy
We're playing tonight at Vaughan's (4229 Dauphine St) from 9pm-midnight! Happy Jazzfest!!!
At Show me the data! Faculty looking for libraries to help student find data, rather than train in software
thanks for helping spread the word.
i like how you think!!
Oh no! Ready OK! LOL RT : #BringItOn is a #trending on the #Twitter.. What, what?! RT
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
My new favorite hashtag is #NATOgeddon2012, courtesy of !
too bad ur team still sucks
cuz the #NBA and #NFL is in a lockout. goal
ok fair pt. just saying at some pt doesn't sentiment count 4 something?? He made them relevant. No cap to care bout w/o him?
how do you manage multiple profiles: G+, Twitter, FB etc How much time do you devote?
If you don't assess/grade they won't do it
Your website is getting better all the time. & are already looking forward to the Feb shipment!
(Thomas Bryan Eaton) you sounded great tonight! Thanks for playing :) & thanks for hanging. #Astoria rocks
I really should get a shower but Criminal Minds is so much more entertaining.
I have a couple of suggestions as to where NBC could put that Whitney money.
No Pulitzer for Fiction this year? Unnnnncool.
Zim, you've got head pigeons.
Great article and I loved how you are teaching your daughter to wait. I'm trying to find this balance of work/play w/my 3yr old
Ok. Bring it, Madonna! #holiday!
1/2-Japanese M and artsy F seek pals 4 all-night party where we rip open our souls & spear out tangy ego w/ cocktail fork...
You stay with us in the tough moments of reflection and confession, O Lord. You are with us, reminding us of all that sustains our community
"You're a moron." Love, Linus Torvalds
Hey you have a really great mobile interface for your collections!
I said I would head to the gym 20 minutes ago. Does this mean I'm not going?
I CAN'T WAIT TILL #PrettyLittleLiars !!!!!
You make my day brighter with that smile <3
The best time to make friends is before you need them. - Ether Barrymore
Join Majic and our Afternoon Drive Host John Monds (14th & U Sts) @ Cricket Wireless today from 12p-2p! Plenty of prizes will be on hand!
These broads cannot train
#nowplaying grizzly bear ready, able. I love this song.
Buying the bmw 6 series! #cominsoon #goahead hate on me, ull see me whiz pass u haterade muttherfukkas!
I want to see a fight.
Mary Jane, I'm going to eat your dank pussy so good.
Wisco only needed a 2 to win that game. Nobody is talking about that. There was no need for a 3...unless your plan breaksdown.
Final countdown! 50 minutes to go! Are you coming to 4047 N Milwaukee Ave to see what #sustain36 created?
Bryce Harper, join Lou Gehrig in having home plate be your first steal.
Arnold J of the EWHC (Ch) rules in Omega Engineering Inc. case concerning a trade mark coexistence agreement: [2010] EWHC 1211 (Ch).
I wish I could yell out some riot grrrl jams with and , so I'll just give a nod and toast Esme here in Madison.
What do you think the ’s chances are in the playoffs this year?
is evaluating Joomla for use with OpenPoe. Wanted to try Drupal, but only available in easy mode (required new domain).
New York City, center of the universe...
is so hott!!!! Dont think so? Beware, you have no life!!! BELIEBERS RULE!
helps what? Lol
Hola amigos, remember, passion is contagious...So live your passion
Who wants to hit the streets and head out for record store day? Any one??
: how's that third eye from swimming in the fox?
“: I kinda like that video. Ops, it's my video:)” great music sir!!!!
When you try to do good, Evil's present.
heckk yes and i know its gonna be really good. take your time tho, songwriting isnt something you want to rush :)
going to Austin 3/1. You guys playing anywhere that weekend?
haha did you check all the subways and olive gardens? Lmao
#McNulty to #LPR2011 - #Republicans typically draw 200 districts across country vs 50 by
women should earn equal pay for equal work
Not long until trip to #Emmendingen for big exhibition with , & Can't wait!
Sure, I'll give you a call a few minutes after 10.
i no I'm kinda scared
Honestly though.. Why is warped tour the only concert this summer
ugh so exhausted from doing nothing lmao
ah love<3
OMG! I'm SO excited for the Wellness-Resolution challenge Just the kick in the tuckus I need! :D
Can't wait to go back to Minneapolis tonight. I'm losing my mind in Iron Mountain.
Shake It Off is fabulous but they did a great job and the girls rocked my socks this episode.
Morning dolls. Must keep moving. Dont want to be on the sideline watching while others make progress. Focus + Positive thought = Completion
follow back?<3
That sounds like a fabulous idea.
Lots of great ideas for better collaborations this wknd at #AAUP10. Really appreciated the fun and info-packed DIY video session!
If the reasons happen to take more concrete form, or if you have any questions, we'd love to hear your thoughts.
It was made to look like the President HAD to make an immediate decision on this issue.
"What is enough?"
No matter how often I hear it, love it when people say "the twitter."
I did, Kota showed me! He's so freakin cute!
#TheSayingIs......LAdy In the Streets, Freak In The Sheets
Grab those turkeys!
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear President Obama wins landslide
That depressing moment when you realize that you are making your Sim exercise while you are sitting playing the game and eating french fries
your so amazing please follow me and question are you single?
Who the fuck does that, seriously? And why dint the fucking managemnt make them get the fuck up??? UGH!
Please tell me why everybody is making such a big deal over Whitney Houston dying, even a legend isn't immortal...
sit tight on the Every Avenue contest! One of the images that leads you to the paypal site isn't working just yet - working on it now! :)
": Revenge tastes so good to a #Scorpio."
; girl, i know! I'm glad you told me twitter wasnt blocked though, hahaa. Happy af.
Puck is down!
they new song sounds like trash
I have become an involuntary Taylor Swift fan. Not sure how this happened but I can't help but like the girl's songs. My apologies to metal.
hey -- can i dm you a question?
aww haylzzzzzz yea. pizza andcat butt holes. what up.
The most basic, time-tested health and beauty tip there ever was? Drink plenty of water and get at least 8 hours of sleep each night.
Thank you for your "Like," & glad you like the head-shots. Have a good night, & perhaps we'll run into each other soon.
Spilled coffee on one of my new fav WHITE dresses, took it off and washed it in the sink at work, hung it to dry, then put it back on...
Here's a tip, put some pepper spray on your eggs. One spray and your south of the border.
Seacrets OC on Memorial Day Weekend is the equivalent of Week One of the NFL Season
If you can't convince them, confuse them
I'm going to take a jacket tomorrow cuz half of my classes are either cold or freezing o_O
said he loves his Beliebers! we love you too ! (:
I just heard they played wmyb at junior prom.....sdcfvgbhgf
love it! That's what we want to hear!
all these kids in the rochester area are setting their houses on fire.
#CIAA what it do!!!!wit
Photoshoot with Artist- M$ MieMie and Party @ Club Prime in Dallas tonight.
I see what you did there.
When you wake up around 2-3am without any reason there's an 80% chance that someone is staring at you sound familiar?
who's talking about a relationship?
Happy Birthday !
So I gave up twitter and fb for lent and u know..I did not miss them a bit.
Paul's Boutique was the first hip hop album I ever listened to back in 5th grade. MCA RIP
Thanks man. Thanks for being a great friend and music bro these last couple of years. Music club 4eva.
Where's the nugget nectar? Shiloh grill is out
oh snap :)
You're my favorite diva. Does that mean I'm championship bound?
Right .... I think work would be turning it on or off.
you can do it! Bribe yourself by planning something really decadent for afterwards. Ice cream sundae, mani / pedi, whatever!
I was hacked! I mdid not send phony weight loss tweet.
Shout to the crew up at 10 West on the approval for MI tax incentives for a family feature shooting in Manistee/Ludington.
This wobbly ass table<<<<<<<
Go harry potter!!! Ily u u sexy beast!!
#ChasingTheSun is truly a great song. I love The Wanted. And your song Mi Amor. (:
“Destiny is no matter of chance. It is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved. ” --...
Sounds great!
I know! But did you read the story?!? The guy was wearing a tie?!
I'm a fan, so I can't stand him (SBXL)... But even I have to give credit to a guy who brought it EVERY day.
First keg that kicks today we will replace with nugget nectar. Come by and help.
Can't tell if it's this 630 am committee call or the ides of March that's making me feel stabbing and cranky right now. I hope coffee helps.
Congrats on acquiring Any chance of a show in Scottsdale, AZ?
Louisville for a few hours then NY for less hours
momentsiwillneverforget me and got on the bus with no shoes on after running all over down town lmao goodtimes
RT : Making stuff available isn't enough. We must encourage use.
Making a Xtra Normal video
Back from a band rehearsal/meeting. Looks like we'll be touring again this summer! Might have to get the AC in the "tourbus" fixed this time
follow back
I want dates. I miss your pretty, pretty face and the ridiculous amounts of awesome that ensues when you're around.
What's more popular than a second term for Obummer?
Accident at 30 th on i 84 left lane eastbound
You'll likely only get one word answers. Although usually the one word is 'done' +1 #overheardatcanvas cc/
Great game Frenchi!
yes, awesome. (i've discovered that i now love coming up with good 8-pp paper topics. my own student days were wasted on me)
Thanks! RT : RT : Congratulations to Eight Associates & ProLogis for work on BREEAM Outstanding SusCon development
Pinky = thick yellowbone
You only want whats real you just never found it
haha European-style dog socialism!
I'm dying to read it too!
Storenvy. Best site ever.
need what lol
What's happ'n hot stuff!
Its all because you screwed up your sleeping schedule! Why can't everything just start later?
this status update intentionally left blank.
has made my decision on the upcoming presidential election. ...
You're going to be a daddy? RT : I found out some of the best news today!
Group for #Rockies/#Broncos fans chanting "We want Manning." Yes, Peyton in the house, but can he hit?
who eles u listen to do beside 1d?
At the baggage claim you got alot of luggage in your name & when you hit the ground check the lost and found cause it ain't my problem now
We need to link up soon and build.
a couple of info TwTs, Mariano Rivera: age 16 he graduated hs, was destined to excel at commercial fishing until a near-death accident....
LIVE!!! right now on Power98.3 THE PULSE!! live in the mix! stream live @ power983fm.com
Guess what babushkas
- no doubt! And #Shaq is in the TOP 5 of All-Time Great Centers!
Twitter is so dull when works the night shift.
Fresh Choice, I thought I had missed u , turns out I just missed ur dessert bar.
Jesus the Christ is trending, I love that :D
HAHAHAHA #UNO pd got bikes now..I gotta twitpic one of them niggas before I graduate
My wife refuses to watch Star Wars and agrees with the nonsensicalness.
dude get a life. Hang with the hockey people. Hope all is well on your end
RT : Life is all about the comeback. God bless Derrick Rose
Happy First Day of Spring!
Well it was for Britney Spears and...
idk, i'll have to think about SFA a little more but I mean I did pay for my housing already..but Naca-nowhere<<San Antonio lol
Like..c'mon..shut yo lil punk ass up and go to sleep.
Say hello to another prominent VOICE in New York. You might recognize it ...
Football time... Bye week is killing my team
I could spend a whole day and paycheck at Michaels.
Love the new look #LFC. Well done and crew
Cause I remember days we sat and pictured at all
thanks for that dude
Don't Forget, Post YOUR #1 Political Issue that is IMPORTANT to you on our Facebook page.. to win a YAS LOGO T SHIRT!
Favorite part of the day :)
The Thunder remind me of UK
My upcoming film, "FRIENDS," is done! Thank you to the cast, crew, and supporters for all their involvement in this project!
they got to do something about that... I got friends from high school that go there
The voices in my head are like a 5yr old. I don't have time to stab everyone, or set things on fire. I'm busy getting groceries.
Just met Marcia Gay Harden with
EccoloMedia 2010 Survey notes influence of videos; 48% of Tech Purchasers said video was Extremely or Very influential in purchase decision
I Got The Job
Fab brunch with old friends
Drillers saving grace is their outfielders. Third (or fourth) excellent diving catch of the night.
I’m feeling better now that it’s May – less than 90 days to Training Camp, and then preseason games.
Im sorry that I did lol
There is nothing I care less about in this world, than Kevin Jonas.
happy birthday, handsome!
Why isn't there a film shazam yet? Just point at the screen and shazam!!
RT "The pursuit of truth & beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain chldn all our lives." Einstein
Props to the University of Wisconsin folks that came up with the 12-player one. Simply excellent.
RT : Coming up this hour on Daily #FantasyBaseball with and will Pujols turn it around ?
That is great news. So happy for you and the family. The proof of the power of prayer. God is awesome.
My eyes are bleeding.
More fireworks in a bit!
This boy told me he is excused from texting me because "it has only been 4 days, no 3 really if you count the time difference" I'm in NY -_-
So sick...I'm litterally weak I can't move all I have eaten today was chex mix and a sandwhich...no appetite.
Just woke up from a nap. Xp
so us girls went to the bra & underwear section, & i found bootypop. so i put it on
Too many women's faces in art. #namsayin?
what was the best series
Just When you think you know someone they show another side!!
yikes! I'd be afraid to use it. :-)
that's good. So glad to hear.
¤ That cannot be safe which is not honourable. Cornelius Tacitus
We have our sponsorship packs ready !! If you would like to advertise at the conference please email us at Geroniamollc.com!
is about to be on #AllThingsConsidered on 91.5 Chicago.
First of December, that means Christmas is getting closer (:
When do you think Facebook will have 1 billion users?
work work
“: Holding her hand in public, is just another way of saying you're proud to have her.”
safe travels!
Y are u so damn grumpy? Not goin to work if ur trying to get some action sir!
I would wake up every night and eat a fist full of TUMS. Ice cream also helps.
Is that legal....lol
#random... REALLY why all the secrets to success gotta be secrets? If I ask you for the secret why wouldn't you share it?
Thks for tuning in to #nasi2012. Most sessions will be available in their entirety on YouTube next week.
"Some of us will do our jobs well and some will not, but we will be judged by only one thing-the result."
Psyched about starting my new role at BP. Learning technology all day long.
Guys can be so mean to each other. You think your just joking around with your friend but sometimes it's best to just leave them alone!
Best halftime show ever. Indianapolis is killing it with this super bowl!
You're amazing for this!
yes please
Hello there!
Last week of my career. I'm starting to get anxious : \
Bike rIde and a beer tonight! 6pm @ the shop!
Q: What would you get if you crossed a Jackass with Barack Obama? A: Barack Obama.
I'm a genius...its a dominant name
I have never noticed!
a big shout out to our pals at , , and for being finalists!! Congrats!
Riding out tonite wit da crew gna get wasted
In addition to cool people like and Beth I'd also like to say Happy Birthday to Louis Daguerre. :)
As Mr Wayne Gretzky said: "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take."
Baby if you don't feel good right now And your body hurtin' you right now You just need a shot of me I'm jus like medicine
Or Tic Tacs. Those are no longer allowed in the house.
Having hw on prom/mother's day weekend sucks.
haha you're welcome and Gwen I'm bringing you that $10 for half of Elis thing and bring your straightener plz
jamming out to s new EP. i absolutely love it <3
In 1962 who became the first #American to orbit the earth?
be there in t-minus 6 hours.
So you are just staying overnight?
Oh I get it, so Nicki Minaj yells then talks, then yells again...got it, ok.
me am amber r gonna fly over when they play you should hook us up with a tour I'll even put in a good word for u with amber
THAT CHANGE.... YES MAKE THAT CHANGE!!!! lol
don't rt me without following my gay stupid maid who woke me up this morning, also fuck ungrateful bums and Mexican laborers
Sometimes your friends get on your nerves without doing anything wrong.
Only 5 days to get ready for the weekend. We can help you.
All you pussies who aren't following and seriously need to get with the program
#ILoveJoeyDiamondBecause He has TALENT!
it's everything about you you you <U+2665>
: Yeah yeah yeah!! 10 minutes from my house in GA...and I move to NC. Ugh!!! Have fun!!!
No school today. I get to say with my wife. She broke her ankle last weekend.
It's gonna be super serious tonight!
Watching the series finale of DESPERATE HOUSEWIVES...Kiss Them Goodbye!
Former Sun Devil Brooks Conrad officially called up by the Brewers.
Wow! Really!? I'd love to hear what extreme situation you think it would be okay for a TD to call clock a player.
It's one of those days where I go "I'm really hungry, I wonder if it's almost time for lunch" and then I look at the clock and it's 2pm.
oh yes! I only wish they offered that class when i was there.. I feel so unprepared
At Somerville station in New Jersey. There is no place to wait indoors. I am standing in the elevator to keep warm. #NJTransit this is bad
I'm outside hoe
(not every coach can win with talent???) Well...No coach can win without talent!
maine I been in yo city with fam and friends
Thank you (:
ugh. I dispise greyhound racing. When will people stop abusing animals and allow them to run for fun and become happy?
In NYC, the changing of the guard = the changing of the bus drivers.
cake is ready. :)
Sorry for your loss PC. “: Anyone who met pops would now how tough he was but also the most loving person. He was my No. 1 fan.”
Engineering IS human life; art is our commentary on that life. This the bridge b/w Kipling's Children of Martha & Children of Mary?
Individualized attention is the focus at US Title.
RT : Karina looks exactly like her daddy....wow-Yes
Had a good time talking UX at lunch with
u should b watching 1000 ways to die and stretching right now lol that's what I'm doing !
Just scheduled classes. I don't want to take 5 classes in one day! :(
": Minnesota was too live tonight!!!! First time here and the love was overwhelming.. Can't wait to come back!"
Hustlers Want A Jalex Wedding is the greatest tt ever
are you guys at supperclub tomorrow? :-)
What a whiner...who actually cheers for this guy? RT NFL needs full-time officials
No better time than the present! RT : Craving some Monicals, we gotta start going again.
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary.x
#cil11 Game creation tools: Scratch from MIT, Game maker, and Sploder (web-based). Games created in analog form first are better
Ms.Bor just pushed dillian out his chair
You need to upload another video on YouTube!! I love hearing your amazing voice! :)
AGNOLOTTI CARBONARA homemade ricotta filled fresh ravioli w/ snow peas, Bella-cured pancetta, egg yolk parm. sauce & toasted black pepper
ur boy V turned out to b a total dueche put me on blast on my page ;(
Great points for sure...and thankfully my car lights are on all the time. Thanks!
welcome to Colorado!
Collective delusion round 2
Junior Anthorpology Club meets Saturday, May 5th at 10:30 a.m.
Vegetables..soda.. hell monkeys swinging from trees lol..jus a few
LP JUST OPENED A XXXXL CAN OF WOOP ASS!!!!!!!!!!!
I always take life with a grain of salt. Plus a slice of lime, and a shot of tequila.
RT : Danish design duo Kasper Ronn and Jonas Bjerre-Poulsen have created a striking new collection of furniture.
Running around with my dad!(:
My man is a Freaky Cancer we get it in
LeBron needs to stop fucking deferring in the 4th quarter...MVPs dont pass on the last possession!
And we're planning to use it for Records Management eventually, but that keeps getting put off, and we'd need 2010
haha got her!!! will you get me a large coke tomorrow for 9th period? :)
. Tools like have helped me embrace hashtag discussions, because I'm freed from desire to follow everything.
Never have I seen so many unfortunate looking people
Following the plan following the plan... Yesterday everyone ate Ice Cream and I did not touch a bite! Are you proud of me?
Loves Selling Real Estate!
TWEET ME A # AND A QEUSTION AND I WILL TELL U WHAT ICONIC BOYZ U ARE BEST WITH<3!!!!!
I was mad at my bestfriend , until she bought me the sandals I wanted :)
Apple iPhone supplier warns of &#39;challenging&#39; quarter ahead
you'll be the first person I use them with. :)
If you're a visual artist - join at least one art association. Don't be a stranger - be connected - it's power to the artist
If your looking for some Vintage Levi's I have them at my Shop in LITTLE 5 POINT...... the Emerald Closet
never going to happen dear!!
happy birthday bud!
sorry the twitter thing told me you weren't following me. But I followed you again. Follow back? (:
Been having a kinda of month thank to the marvelous album but I'm feeling a bit of a morning!
I rather get money The legit way,but it gets hard. Keep on pushn.
one of my little cousins :D wat r u watching?
FRIDAY I love you.
I think it can be assumed. Lighting was incredible in the other one though, which is honestly why I was there.
Shmoovies was a rousing success last night. (Whew!)
That shower cleared my head and washed away residual concerns from the day. They are gone & I'm looking forward!!
you know I would have! Occupy #scms12;)
I sweated my hair out...had such a good time
I missed some of it but evidently Baez is hinting that it might have been Casey's brother Lee.
UMD has an outdoors club again? and I were once Pres, VP, Secretary, and Treasurer of the club. (simultaneously)
Mattress Firm to acquire 180 Mattress Giant stores in Florida, Texas
HOLY COW!!!!! shot to win the game! Jordan esk...?
Thank you! Appreciate the support!
My new grammar textbook instructs students carefully to avoid split infinitives. To avoid carefully? No: "to carefully avoid" is best.
Time for a haircut. Don't worry, ladies, the beard is staying
RT "I been watching you across the room all night..." "Why don't you go back there and keep watching?"
sup gurly...dont forget to workout today..gotta keep it sexy boo!
morning! “: Morning and c(_)latte hugs!!”
I will Fatima :-) Hope everything is going great with you!
yeah I guess :/ Im worried about what my blood test is gonna say
G Night People ! :D <3
#inplainsight Great final episode. Thanks for a great 5 years. Haven't felt this bad since M*A*S*H ended its TV run!
are you fuckin with me on tats yet??
Lunch time
TONIGHT: In Chicago? Stop by the Red Canary to see me sing with my swingin group. 8pm-11:30pm 695 N Milwaukee Ave. PATIO IS OPEN! $5 Wine!
“Courage is like a muscle; it is strengthened by use.”
yo nigga give me #RETARDED brain ...Shit... i feel #SPECIAL !!! lmao -Don Trip
running out of material? RT A Saturday night Twitter feed is the digital version of a breathalyzer.
Good stuff bro! Keep doing your thing out there... Proud of u homie!
Another 1st from the wknd, driver refuses to tell me where he's from. Doesn't know why people always ask that. More folks joining the cause?
(1/2) We let anyone who wants register. Certain events have limits depending; Last year we had 2,948 kids complete program.
Don't miss Dawn Weber and Electro Funk Assembly on Friday 9/3 and Soul Alliance on Saturday 9/4!
yup! Check your DM
"i like it like that"
Just downloaded Nikki Jean's new album. It is great - if you liked her on LFiasco's album, you'll love this work.
Watch your mouth sucka. My bad I was in and out yesterday. Sowwy :-)
wouldn't be surprised if I'm lonely for a long time...
you just said thanks like 10 minutes ago.lol
Moss rookie season was unbelievable! Never will there be anyone to have a rookie or regular season as dominant as his first.
hahahaha no doubt!
i am a list maker too. have you tried Evernote? life changing!
thanks for the
is this the has ever been? Is he scared?
Ways to make me happy: Miley&Demi duet and buy me tickets to a Justin Bieber and a 1D concert.
ur welcome... U r great!!
The best part about #winter is knowing that your fly's down as soon as you walk outside.
My studio is almost unpacked and set up. Really excited for it to be all done!
Hi Mr. Glover; I am having some Legal problems you can help me with concerning Ophrah..Can I e-mail you Bobby perry
it is helpful for the future - to avoid things like this happening again.
My pops literally drives 20mph...even on Germantown parkway...omg pullover and let me drive!!
Canada :) you?
Great show in Sheffiled this evening!
Absolutely LOVING this 'shitty' weather in
hey Hun can you please follow my new account on here
thanks for the nice plug Kelly!
Failure is not falling down, it is not getting up again.
So who is excited for our FREE show this Sunday!?
Just made an open-faced vegan turkey sammich. It was good, but not as good as Curly's (RIP).
NEW BLOG POST: I quit my job today! bit.ly/vxhWIT
me too?!
i've been neglecting twitter, bad bad me
ilysm! Please follow!!
Is this a challenge?
just bought season tickets! Can't wait for Rockies baseball!!!
Responsive Web Design: What Not to Do - Wired News
BOL!! That's it! That's the one!!!
OMG MINDLESS BEHAVIOR ADDED A IN STORE SIGNING ON NOVEMBER 19th!!!!!
You are all in my prayers. I can't believe that after all that Japan has been through, you still must endure more. God bless!
Smell it before you taste it!!!
Lots of tech support in the back - come find us!
TY for joining President Obama in standing up today for marriage equality! That is solidarity, brother.
It's a rematch, Giants vs. Patriots! What's your predictions for this year's Super Bowl? Vote now on www.krqe.com!
Richard Coughlan speaking on why #Robins School is an academic partner
' I'm suppose to be saving money . .
At this moment i should be having morning sex
RT : How will the #Olympics affect daily life and business in London? shares insights and contigency plans....
#HappyBirthdaySelena wish u the best this year!!! Lots of love for ya!!!
its embarrassing to say the least
More Fitness Crosswords: What is a 6-letter word people use to determine if they need to diet or exercise more?
TBH I thought it was some sort of Republican rally.
With ~850 friends on facebook it's time to show our twitter friends some love too. Expect a follow!
DEAR BELLA THORNE, GET YO OWN MAN. LOVE, DIRECTIONERS ALL OVER THE WORLD.
Strange... the OED (at least my Compact Edition) lists "sibling" as obsolete. I think it's a perfectly cromulent word.
Excellent NGP VAN session!
As both a parent & a teacher I find the homework expectations highly depressing. Kids have better things to do.
Buy $3 of scratch off tickets.. win $3.. get three more.. win $2 .. get two more.. and lose it all.
In love with two songs rite now you guys should check them out... She wants me by lil crazed and that girl ain't cute by young blaze
I do not care.
FOLLOW for an extra life.
what's happening out there? U look great!
things change indeed! where are you these days?
Did Matt Millen just use the words "smushing" and "smushage"? Does he think he's covering the Iditarod?
#Brewers terrible at bats today. I don't know how they can enjoy their day off in the bay tomorrow knowing they're playing this poorly
Nice cool weather stickin around the County; ok, maybe not the deserts where it'll still be 104 but mild for the rest of us - coast 2cloudy
“The bigger the dream, the smaller the competition.” - Javier Yunes, TEDxRosario
I'm just human
Happy T-shirt Day to You! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
Feels good 2 b home had a really good time ready 2 call it a night sweet dreams everyone muaaaahhhhh
AMERICA!! Back to back world war champion.
While there enter your business card for a chance to win a free cake in our drawing!
A3. in addition to looks, should also have a good PR person to make your case.
Cator: Parents imp to education. Mobile devices go home and may be family's 1st computer
Id love to b the mono doctor on the #bachelor show. As much as they swappin spit, u know people gettin it...and I'd be gettin paid n OT! lol
The 2012 Leedom World Convention begins today. Welcome reception @ 5:30 in the Grand Hall, we'll see you there!
My wishes came true tonight at An Elevenses Event! Thanks for entertaining...
Who are you?
what kind of movie are you in the mood for? Chick flick, comedy, action, scary?
Cookies & cream ice cream and reading His Dark Materials on my sun drenched stoop is a great way to spend the day.
what if the president asked his supporters to put their money back in the economy instead of his $1B reelection campaign?
That medley certainly was a metaphor for world peace, I think we can all agree.
LET'S DO THIS, I have new friends!!
Very soon I will begin my countdown to everything new and different.
Thanks for the follow! Look forward to learning & sharing!
Check w/ and buy one for me too!!
I am here:)
so crazy.
One direction sesh with the girls lmao
Met with cherylamack and Konvict artist Ray Lavender yesterday, very positive meeting, looking forward to working with him on Jack Squad 2.
I still texted you after this!
": Once I stop giving a f*ck about you, good luck getting that back."
can I have your autograph ????
Yes! Mockingbird's is also phenomenal.
featuring ? Shit is ricockulous. Is that verse even real? Fantastic Job!
Great meeting today for WOO Wellness! Cheers!
I was wondering if that was still going on. Time to vote!
With physical collections, going back and forth, distant to close, and back.
Tri Met never even kept my id dude gave it back before asking me to step off the train and I'm all NO why are you DOING this A
I did that a few weeks ago, do you remember her name?
I really really really wanna see The Artist!
Sitting in a bunker... Here behind my wall
Congratulations! That's great! I enjoyed your post, too.
Thanks for the RT!
Opryland...not impressed...I prefer Vegas...
if we want her to call our parents then we should keep talking! What's my mom gonna do?tell me to stop? Haha okkaay!
any predictions for 7 more players the heat need to sign immediately?
is grooving to some funky music and glad to be heading up snow boarding tomorrow!!
Do you guys think Austin will do the Austream tomorrow?!...
ok hommie well I have studio time booked Monday and Tuesday let me know what's goodie
I'm a gazelle!
I love that is all
wondering why we party so damn hard
Getting my hair cut x) but I'm awaiting for my turn
sadly some people don't get that.
Don't worry you don't have to be from Detroit to be in your face about Detroit baseball!
although I will admit the odds of "gee he's hot, I hope he's gay" are a lot lower there than here :)
You fight like a married couple, talk like best friends, and you flirt like first loves, so obviously it's meant to be.
Middlegrounds key lime stack with pecan wafers drizzle in caramel
Like C's dad said in A Bronx Tale, "The saddest thing in life is wasted talent."
Due to budget costs we may require our audience to tie a can to our outgoing string in order to hear our shows.
Watching Victorious And Texting<3
Thank You! Totally shocking and quite sad if true. (P.S. Thanks for coming to Comic Con & calling Erica.)
Maturity Doesn't Come With Age
You know Sergio heard you say he will never win a Major. Just wrong!! I say Sergio wins a Major before Luke ever sees #1 again..
Lol, that's just his voice :P Or how Glee wants to portray him(:
forgot to get the form
Listening to all the way to Portland and it is perfect.
What can you do when your up this late , staring at your ceiling ?
tomorrow I must see him again at there
Goin' to leave this brokedown palace, on my hands and my knees I will roll, roll, roll
#FF experts in helping others get
Bypass fans, the Georgia Lady Bulldogs are hosting Vanderbilt tonight at the newly renovated (and very cool) Stegeman Coliseum!
Having dumplings from the Rickshaw Truck at with Sloan Wainwright and Kate Campbell. We're rainy-day happy!
internet up when I got home...focused on parenting and reading rather than deal w/ network.
As long as people keep killing people, to stop the killing of people, the killing will go on.
Magiquest is definitely an interesting experience.
fat finger:-) CUZ
Just saw the Foo Fighters Back And Fourth Documentary amazing and inspiring!!!!! Wanna lock up the Band and record all new songs!!!!
I told em
Former #msf worker in Afghanistan asks why Taliban have attacked aid workers when they didn't do so before war on terror.
Get a rabbit. That way when you go to fight crime, you can yell out "ZachRabbit, Roll out!"
If anyone is coming to the show at the Riverside tonight, I'm on the 2nd floor pouring and select cocktails come visit!
8 miles during lunch in da rain! Came to work w/ straight hair; leaving work with curly.
do you have iTunes?
I'm not even at school yet and I'm ready to go home
The sign is coming down today.
nope, I'm afraid I couldn't make it. was on the road in europe. how was it?
In the studio with 2 live crew. We can't wait for you guys to hear this track
RT : WAKE UP & GO FOLLOW 1 of KC's DOPEST underground artist.. ..
probably not, but I will thank him just in case
Thanks for the Follow! Wish you a Happy New Year!
I want to do a story on it
Hope the event went well tonight. Wish I could have been there!
You want the last pair of Drake tickets?! has 'em at 5:26pm! Listen, text, win!
The Real Alliance
Full house for Richard Dawkins tonight.
Honestly, i think its funny that you waste your breathe talkin' about me. Got me feeling kinda special.
Amazing pieces, btw.
We're not there this year, but you can always find us online. Ya'll have #fun!
Well, no judgment day. Jesus needs new PR.
Why do I bother with this fucking team?
Sometimes,I look at the people I went to high school with, and it's like we're not even from the same planet.They're in jail, I'm in college
That's right!
Tip of the iceberg, friends. RT : Seriously, ? A seventeen-film Chaplin retrospective in the spring? Be still, my heart.
I tried to sell on Ebay using a drop shipper. the only problem is 5 other people are listing every single item
- Im not flirting.. Im being nice. theres a difference!
I wanna go to the Josh Ledet concert
Im not right here as somebody else
Omg. I remember that when I was a little girl and i watched this movie :)
Cleaning spree like a Boss!! Mrs. #Clean!!! Lmao
Seeing a bottle of milk that expires the same day we graduate >>>>
#smbmad Madison may be behind Milw for social media generally - but our social media organizations and are bigger!
sure if we get a free ONEBURGER song on the guitar
Changing what you do will change how you think and feel.
Oh no. I'm so sorry to hear that!
We could squeeze an A in there... but think about the costs to reprint all of the STEM documents... :)
FYI RT Manny Pacquiao I'm calling you out let's fight May 5th and give the world what they want to see.
Wake up sleeping people-check. Jersey on-check. Coffee brewing-check. We are ready to go. Come on Chelsea!!! Lets do this Blues!!!!!
Why Did I Get Married to because she's hot, cute, sexy, caring, loving, adorable, her voice, smile, eyes, and her (.)(.) ;-)”
A Hoosier, of course!!!
Thank you Brandon...
This Saturday?
Bears win in OT
just buy more! :)
what did the kid do to get stuck in the face?
damn I thought u were joking about Hawaii lol that's wassup!! Yeah it's gonna be getting hot af here soon
Join us for Happy Hour! You still have an hour left! $3 draft beers!
Craft beer gardens making their way to minor league sports stadiums. Nice.. Craft Brew Journal: Craft Beer Makes its Move on the...
i'm tracking with you.
Are you kidding me with that play?!
If I wasn't always at least an hour early for everything I'd have more free time! Hate waiting around.
Can I 'follow' myself?.. hehe
great job keep it up : )
“: Full house, #SoldOutSundays ” how we do
should have known you would back out! You are a punk and everyone thinks so that ain't on your payroll! Manny will kill you
as much as I would like to believe they can compete again...I just don't think you can bounce back from that...
RT : Moyer becomes first pitcher to have voted for Ike and strike out Ike.
Thanks much
i love having a house and coking every meal again!
#seo thinking of getting #seo ? we have been around 12 years... Call Us Today, Free Site Analysis, $200 Dollar Value - Limited Time!
R. I. P. MCA!! Lyrical pioneer & genius gone but not forgotten!
hmm go to our page on facebook, then click the band profile tab to your left, and the new songs are there :)
Half time: Magic 54 Celtics 36 - Ouch! Celts couldn't get any offense going too many TOs and easy baskets for the Magics. Come on Cs!!
want 2 wash my hair, its raining & wind blowing like crazy dnt want the power 2 go out & head wet. But I'm bout 2 cook b4 power go out, lol
I just wish I could redo today :/
Dealing with sufferers that make use of drugs also raises the risk of being exposed to communicable diseases
u seeing the same thing?
French Left Front's candidate argues for 100% tax rate for high incomes. Luxembourg & Switzerland root for him to win.
OMG Microsoft Office for Mac is taking forever to download on a cable connection… 992MB taking about 1 hour :(
Congrats to all the grads! let the next adventure begin!
awe! thank you! <3
Kirk Rossberg from Torrance Bakery to appear on TLC’s Fabulous Cakes on Sept. 14th – see him on TV and then see him speak @ #BoBNow!...
hehe! You both look cute! :]
hahaha omg how do you give it to Blake????
any of their burgers, I think. It's called "low carb burger"... Pretty much a patty wrapped in iceberg lettuce w/ the trimmings.
7:43 in NY, the #supermoon rises. I see a sky full of clouds. Meh.
"The state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind." Dr. Wayne W. Dyer
so tired for no apparent reason.
thank you! big love xo
The food on the train was so bad... I couldn't choo choo it.
Jose Canseco is the first member of the 40/40/140 club. Power. Speed. Tweets.
ATTENTION! FEB19! "PRESIDENTIAL BOWTIES+DRESSES AFFAIR" AUDIO BY + www.bowtiesanddresses.eventbrite.com
less than 40 followers to go before we hit 1k! lets see if we can do it by the end of today?? boom!
advice for startups: before doing the "business plan," do some "planning" before hand!
The next generation media companies will not look like the past. Via
Sometimes when the cat is meowing loudly for no reason, I'll go "Timmy's trapped down the well?" and then be sad no humans are around.
neither, I didn't watch the ustream, so I probably missed out on something. :( but, aww, I just want him happy </3
Good thing you 2 have Omens.. I figured everytime I show up, they're gonna win. No different today.
Just announced, Van Halen at the Bradley Center 9/25
Wowww this girl on the xfactor just gave me serious chills! Amazing voice!
Hate it when people try to cover up their gum chewing habit by smoking cigarettes.
I'm at the Phillies game
it's pizza night....& likely margarita night too. Spent 4 hours at a car dealer today. The gynecologist would have been preferable.
Post-wedding, I'm getting bangs and a tattoo.
RT : The HERD is headed to Denver!! Be at Jackson's on Monday!
Is Bored
evil caps!!! Bo
Amtrakin' it home! Happy birthday, America.
I just tried takoyaki (deep-fried doughy balls with octopus in it) for the first time. A+ would nom again.
People are so fustrating....
they r boys ! They wear shorts! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>! My babies r vary manly
great, you?
Very happy to see Yonder Mountain String Band will return to #DesMoines to play Simon Estes Amphitheater on July 5.
My friends are weird .. But then again they probably wouldnt be my friends if they were normal ... Normal is boring .
Backatcha! RT : Laying down some vocals and overdubs at J Bird Studio. We're missing like woah, though.
Is Toby from The Office doing the clock at Assembly Hall?
What happens when you put a light saber in water?
I feel so ashamed. QT : Or just Satan's soccer mom.
cool. check out the silly video I just posted for Seattle Strut!
Hate facebook stalkers... :/
You know the cats would just end up sitting in the box it came in.
Smoke a blunt , the only way I can escape from my life .
This is the first time I think I've ever actually drawn the TARDIS.. it's basically a party, where every parallelogram is invited.
Big game for the Cats today! Lets go.. Must win game! Love bball on CBS this time of the year!
Big presentation for work tomorrow AM which means attempting to stray away from work and relax tonight
ha yes. My commute this morning was a real treat to say the least...
Today's musical and cultural discovery: Selda Bagcan, a 1970s female Turkish psych-folk-rocker and activist (nod to WFMU's Scott Williams)
Twitter won't let me sign out.
Brrrrrrrrr!!!! Tying to get warm after doing the Holiday Parade!
The YOURS Store in Hampden is Open. Gladys Ceal and Concrete Nature are having successful weekends so far help them close out in style
Welcome! W&G was my favorite!
I know right, it's going to be a blast!
If you're trying to get an ethnic holiday into the American mainstream, you might want to consider adding in lots of beer and tequila.
is a monster on the beats dis nigga got me stuck on dis on track he made lol
shame on you, and the poster.
Seriously, to hell with these ice trays. I'm going to plan a trip to Atlanta or New York and get some goddamn decent ice trays.
Still trying to get the camera to work on my computer... apple can go suck it! hahaha
I'm not suprised Logo beats Current TV in primetime ratings. That RuPaul's Drag race is one hell of a show.
I wish, but it's just me doing it so a costume would just make me look crazy.
Let Brooks know we all say congrats from Chicago.
Night twitter! Guess im gonna cry myself to sleep because im sad and pissed so yeah! Night guys! <3 x
Is it bad that when you say "blizzard" the only thing that comes to my mind is Dairy Queen? #YesI'mFromTexas
Thanks for the FF!
I think that it sold for like $650 if I remember correctly.
whaat up ms. follow me back
New Girl cracks me up! Love it!!
If you loved me, you would not hurt me.
lol the things you say crack me up
I have a dirty mind.
Thank you. Xo
I'm over lol
#MyBiggestFlaw Is Knowing What mite happen next Before it Happens and whatching it Happen
our pleasure! & I hope you like TREASURE ISLAND
My eyes been watering all day…i think its tears i wont let fall forcing their way out…
almost done painting Lou Gehrig on a baseball for ALS charity event
I've never seen that show. I was going to watch the remake on TNT, but now that I know it's all a dream I guess I won't. ;-)
Tomorrow is going to be a good day :)
Yes, I do it all the time. Partly because the novelty of 3D Glasses wears off about 20 minutes into every movie except "Avatar".
“: Why don't you tweet a link to Fletcher's response? Seems like your one sided.
Correction does much, but encouragement does more
I hear Trader Joe's is coming to PIttsford Plaza next year.
Dear Teachers, Don't Start Talking About Next School Year When This One Is Just Ending! I Don't Wanna Think About It!
Very much so - reminded me of The Stand by King. Listened to the audio version and does an awesome job narrating.
An 8 year old girl competes with the big boys at Competitive Eating event today. See how she did on KEYE's 10:00 news!
love love loved it.
Tiger Driver 98~!
Everything in my Artfire Studio is marked down 50%! These prices won't last long and the Holidays are coming! notnilladesigns.artfire.com
Watching Project X because Matthew Broderick is sexy.
They aren't that cool... but if you need resources - it's a good start!
Internationalization + Localization = Website Globalization
thanks love ! Miss u !
thank you
Leave my magnetic hoohah out of this
What is your travel philosophy?
Hard work pays off I tell them
yeah. I hate when chicks upload one every week or all at once. Still.
I Still Got It For Ya
You should go see it. It was actually a very good film. Very good story, fantastic cinematography/composition. Very well done
take your time we are holding down the fort
- that's not totally true, because in any true system, you will always find a gray area.
'stache is wicked! Thumbs up
It's about time you talked to me after three months of silence :)
Free nights, Upgrades, exclusive extras, MMA fights tickets, Shows & the deepest discounts at Top Vegas Hotel Resorts www.myvegaspeople.com
Have been to Target twice today before 11am.
n the studio working with super producer Nealante Phillips at the #Music Room ATL..... Top Ten Billboard ishhhhhhhhhhh...
please follow me! :)
Apple says Steve Jobs has resigned as CEO.
I live tweet things that air live (eg award shows) but I don't get it for regular shows either
It's not so much the Monday that gets me, it's the drop kicks to the head on Monday. Yay, office!
Don’t you love those awkward moments when a customer orders a diet rum and coke?
I been good, could been better.. How things there??
Datenight with was a great start to the weekend
I've stopped drinking, but only while I'm asleep.
I was literally scared by my own shadow today... thought it was a cat.
Takers on again YES!!
Yeah I prolly will
osu baseball makes any day beautiful :)
tell em your lesbian works everytime
Listening to Obama and tweeting at #Congress -
Shid I did. And I found two left over burgers from Saturday!!! I'm clear for landing..<U+2708>
haha. can't you see? I didn't do it. Keith did it.
Depends on the individual, of course. Not fair to broad brush all.
Big sports day! Attending the Wood Memorial at Aqueduct, watching the Masters on my computer, and I have to see Jamie Moyer pitch tonight!
I believe in JR Smith
promoting probably takes the most time out of all. who would have thought.
Ugh I love this song!!! RT : Cuz in the end Girl your gonna want another round!!!
I will forever hate my spanish class
Trust me I do know music and jay z is WHACK!
Today's Thought: Never Give Up! That's all...
I can confirm getting called to a Judge's chambers is very much like getting called to the principal's office.
: "All I know is I'm gonna sleep well tonight" LOL
Ironed everything in my closet while I stayed up late listening to Goliath by Happier than a swine-esque in clart.
But when you shake your ass, they notice fast, some mistakes were built to last.
thank god its friday.. my favorite day of the week.. how was this week for u guys? cant wait for sunday.. there will be grammys awards :)))
Lynyrd Skynyrd - Free Bird Music video Studio Version
Why am I just seeing this?! Thanks! how are u? ~> RT : Tha homegirl ::::::::::::::::: #BeanTowns Finest Follow her
Love this ! RT : How many times do we hold back our own magnificence because of a story we made up in our heads?
SOLD OUT today!!! What a perfect TOPTIONAL day!!! If u weren't here, next time... if u were, THANK YOU! Dj Enoc and Girl 6 bangin today!!
Hell yea we are thats why they keep comin back
Thanks SO much! LOVE ur Tutus!!
Playoff basketball doesn't mean you completely change the definition of a "foul." This Miami-New York game is getting ridiculously bad.
ion get paid to tweet, so I def. ain't finna live on this mug tweetin allday
After tonight and what i saw I'm honestly over you.
Last full week of school >>>>>
I've added a longer explanation on the live blog.
The triumphant return of Paaaaaaaau!
Tickets secured for and Kevin Devine a The Troubadour in July! Man that month is gonna be great.
Steve and I are watching My Little Pony on Netflix.
Heading to the #OSCon #PuppetLabs party... Hope there is still some food left! Otherwise, it is a late-night Portland eatery for me.
Happy to be home in Hollywood. Im Beat. Going to bed early, so excited for the #ShangrilaMansionParty tomorrow. It's almost 2012, wow!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP9
My duty is to try to reach beauty. Cinema is emotion. When you laugh you cry. Roberto Benigni
Excellent Musicality is always the end goal!
awww, remember when Austin first started selling his merch? and the videos he made about the stickers? c-u-t-e.
But when you're all alone I hope you truly know.. How bad I wanna be there..
hell yeah
excited to be speaking tomorrow to UCSB's COMMA group about cinematic movement and automatism. 5/4—2pm—2714 SH (pls note time change)
thanks for the mention!
Javier Aquino can do great things but he can't do everything by himself
There are only two kinds of people I hate in this world. Those who are intolerant towards others' cultures and the Dutch.
Who knew that there could be this much snow in MA?
If you find it let me know, I've been trying to find it too -__-
Monday 1/30 is Dan's birthday. He is owner of in Mission Hills 92103. Be sure to stop in and say Happy Birthday!
don't get me wrong, Tommy... You're great. I just prefer no kidding.
This makes me laugh now, but in a few months will make me weep inside.
Have you Trenta-ed today? Today we launched our 30oz trenta size! (for Iced coffee and Iced tea only)
What do you mean by 'sometimes?' Shouldn't that be 'ALWAYS?'
I think is a flirt
We're basically doing this to get back at each other and I hate it
that's great!
love you
yes, all my phones and my Mom's have been refurbished. No issues whatsoever.
"I'm former Atlanta Brave Mark Lemke." - Stu Klitenic
Celtics ! Game on !
I shouted you out, did ya hear it?
adjust them up. Now they are actually getting paid ;)
#Pilates is one of the safest workouts you can use! No other exercise is so gentle to your body while giving it a challenging workout.
I been up since 7
Dedicates all his goals to the ladies.
"Wait... Are they riding OUR bus?"
Of course we are! is ready for ya !
interesting information
jake we need to see each other. i miss you. dm me so we cn chill <3
Sweet action, it turns out that Death Note is streaming for free on Hulu. In your face, Netflix!!
Ah, I don't have any cold gear. I guess I could run in my pea coat.
I didn't make a sandwich. that's why I'm never making one again.
Digital humanities and the future. Engaging roundtable so far.
Come talk to us!
Yesterday sucked
Damn I hate shots I got 5 yesterday :( I wanted to tweet but my arms hurt to much sorry .
im cool bout to get dressed cuz im rockin my hoodie today for
Yeah, how are you getting to that if you don't mind my asking?
Okay, no problem #MahomieFamily :}.
Looking forward to catching up with and Bruce D-Ambrosio of DigitalScirocco this afternoon.
If it kills me and beautiful mess.
Sometimes, you just need a cheeseburger.
See you tonight at the Purr-fect-ly Howling Event
Thank you for keeping your burgers delicious through all the weeks that I have not been there.
Possibly stealing cable right now...not worried about it comcast steals from us everyday right!?
It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always. - Oprah Winfrey
hopefully you dont get hit in the face agian ;)
How about this: it's impossible for a political campaign to accurately report job counts.
Im CHIEFN on this Presidental and its the shyt... Lear Gang
Quentin's attitude is too similar to mine...and i dnt think thats a good thing lol
Leave it up to Bosh To Fuck The Game Up In The Last 50 sec...
Looking for a cool place to have a bday party in NYC. Any ideas? Looking at a few lounges.
Because of the #ACA I was able to move to DC while still on my parents' insurance, Thanks
Congrats to for their medal haul at the World Beer Cup: 2 silver + 1 bronze!
Image Sensing Systems Announces First Quarter Financial Results
YOU ARE IN MY PRAYERS. STAY STRONG HONEY.
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat. Lol
Hey congrats!
School(: SUCKS
thank for PR ;-) need to catch up soon.
... you should also be in the debate about #MarriageEquality opposed to simply saying no
You ready CBN? Let the mayhem begin! Tell your friends! Suburban Cowboys in the house tonight! Giving Away ERIC CHURCH Tix!
@ 491 followers!! Thats awesome! HELP ME REACH MY GOAL.. FOLLOW ME, I WILL FOLLOWBACK!! MY GOAL 1K !! Miss Alexis Todd.. FOLLOW
Lighter versions of hot entrees available at our contract schools! Want your school or business to have healthy lunch options? Contact us!
Brown needs to rest the starters and let the bench play.
Good morning! Let's start the week with some biz inspiration!
Summer hours for Whiskey Chicks - no more lunches on Saturday and Sunday we will open at 4 pm those days.
I always wake up without a shirt on
I like your style! And a 1959 dream sequence...now THAT sounds fancy-pants. :-)
feeling a tad bit depressed... or something. This isn't good :/
VEEP filmed in Baltimore. I thought Elaine Benice grew up in Baltimore. She wore an Orioles cap in the Yankees Box
I just saw a Blackberry ad that recapped Moby Dick via social media. #digitalstorytelling (after a fashion)
I hope to never have a 'Guess Who's Coming to Dinner' moment with my daughters. I expect any choice they make to be legal and accepted.
"Confront your fears, list them, get to know them, and only then will you be able to put them aside and move ahead."
If you were me you would realize why I cry all the time.
I love you Taco Bell Twitter Person
Wow!!! What a great song by Jackie Martinez now on YouTube.com You've got to see it, "Look But Don't Touch" Jackie Martinez
I think it would be cool, if like dragons couldn't fly, that they should be able to get their drivers liscense at least in South Dakota
I love morning T rides :)
I bet niggas gone make this a holiday!
Wow I don't feel like moving
What Bill said. My teenager is going to bed. Now. At 10:20am.
Batmobile? RT : #DramaProm transportation options: Metro, Taxi, Motorcycle, or ?
seein' as yew live on the other side of the US. so shut up. ahaha P.L.U.R.<3
That's terrific. Got your e-mail, will run it all up as many flagpoles as we can find for your. Thanks!
is packed for Edit! Jean Pierre LaDouche is making the 1% proud tonight!
#rebeccablack got that
My pleasure, Candace.
I got that an OG mixed for hours and hours. Puff , puff , pass handin' it back to Mac-Miller.
We wish you the best of luck Keri! Thanks for using ShowClix :)
they even bludgeon you on hulu. There is no escaping the reach of Walker ad buys.
Architects, Engineers and Publishers make the world go round.
oh, and i'm doing okay. got a lot on my plate at the moment. thanks for asking. sorry i took so long to respond. :-S
to pitch. May God have mercy on us all.
Hey Rick Pitino is embarrassing the KFC Yum brand in those white shoes and suit.
Ranchers and farmers and family entrepreneurs can make much better decisions about the future than the government can.
Spent the morning with legislators from across the state as they learn about jobs and edu in NC. www.facebook.com/wakecountysmartstart
GROWN and SEXY! 90's Throwback Music @ Rocca Bar tonite. Hosted by and 'PEACE of MIND'
im in this dumb training class...sucks ass
Well...that was quick. 2-1
Brownridge is playing VERY well!
wait i do
better! Unless you plan to move ever? Or if you move and you still want clt, that would work.
Definitely. I'm more looking forward to AC Milan v. Barca in the next round of the Champions.
right back atcha
Not soon enough! I had these #fatindiebands written last Friday, but they all got saved as drafts on my phone for some reason.
Chilling with at my house he funny is hell :D
You must be at the last 10 mins of #wojm (I listened to it bout 10 minutes ago.)
Thanks honey
I don't do any vulgar movements. - Elvis Presley
Hey, nice article on Chipper Jones, but Alex Rodriguez and Manny Ramirez both qualify for the .300/400/10 club.
I spoke w/Jen about that. That does suck-ass.
life as we know it
Nice sleep..Gm world
what's the details on the tweetup (i've been remiss and not paying attention)
Follow sound business trends, not fashion trends. - Janice Dickinson
Many thanks for the follow !
bahahaha we r the most intellectual people I know!!
Hey west suburban fans! Tap Takeover in Oak Park tomorrow! Aniv15, Pale31 and cask DBA will be following DANG!
I question some of the people who make videos on YouTube. Wow.
"The Shift is Within" Laura De Leon.
RT If you live in the past, you have no future. Forget what you did yesterday and achieve your goal for today!
And the madness starts tomorrow
aw, thanks. ^___^
Been saying it all year: the grass is the Saints kryptonite.
Love hurts. Boys lie. Friends cry. People die. Parents yell. You always try. You're never good enough,& you don't know why.
Sweet! I made that.
:D this makes me laugh.
o.o off tew bed On fone wit chris -___-
let it be known that my 9500th tweet was about farts
NJP at Smalls this Saturday from 4-7pm. Come on out. Who says good jazz has to only be for night owls?
I love you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> goodnight
+76 UNITS For All Baseball systems for da first half of betting on baseball. Can't wait for the 2nd half!
can't wait :)
you should tell them that you need more time...hahaha
if i turned off all my electronics&didnt talk to anyone for 2days,i wonder who would really check on me & see if i was okay...
Heat is the team w/ superstars and for that reason demand more national coverage than the Pacers. But ESPN being 100% lopsided is pathetic
I am exercising all the self control I have not to tweet every line from the episodes of #ArrestedDevelopment I'm watching today.
Dear MTV, I was wondering if I could get my "M" back... you know, since you aren't using it. Sincerely, _usic.
syrup head like 50 a O..
keep an eye out for Phonographic at SXSW events March 17th and at Frank White Gallery's pop-up at 17th-20th
Welcome ! Keep up the good work!
deal, deal.
In Leominster chuck chillin on this Beautiful Day <U+2600>
Great to see so many young people wanting to change local politics at the event at the Bowles last night!
text me, girl! I have problems and you're who I go to for this crazy stuff!
Jealous! Can't wait to see it tonite. RT Don't judge us but we're playing hooky at deluxe theater showing of Planet of the Apes.
I hope that the DNC, led by a "weak" Chairman, are proud of themselves for not helping in the Wisconsin Recall on June 5th.
Saw the car pics (stopped, of course!). Very cute, indeed. ;^)
I think I'm having heart palpitations!
atta way to come in clutch Barajas
Just got my heat assignment for #nycmidnight The brainstorming has already began.
aw your mom is my fav
what do you have in mind?
This makes me happy!! : **GOOD NEWS: Tornado Watch Cancelled for CT!!! Plus Irene down to Tropical Storm!
Alot of running around to do today ..first stop the bank .. post office ., then to grab something for lunch pick up the nephews ect...
thanks for the retweet! :)
Stupid air yeast won't eat my stupid wet flour. I MADE A NICE MEAL FOR YOU. THE LEAST YOU CAN DO IS TRY IT.
I hate waking up in the middle of the night o.O
Good Night All Peops!
Hearing rumors you never knew about yourself.
congrats!! Today is The Militant's 3-year anniversary on Twitter! Ain't no foolin'!
I am Bill Braskey
goodluck with that its a hard lifestyle
Dirty dancing<3 Favorite movie of all time. For suree.
This year I will improve my ways. Live healthy, write better, give more praise. Happiness is my true goal. Feels great to feed my soul!
WHAT UP FAM? HIT ME UP!
RT : always! I love that you can text
RT : Great answer to Q3. We shld also work w parents to help thm understand what the data means for their kids
RT : Having a blast at the after-after-party for
words you live by?
Same to you!! Hope you're enjoying the day with your 3 cuties.
thanks for the tip-bout to print off right now!
My son used to cut the pinkies and fuzzies in half so I didn't have to. EWE EWE EWE their backbone why do they have those
On the road to Houston in a little while for an early season big conference game for Texas Wesleyan University. Trying to get to 4-0 in con
Nutrition News: Pink Slime
Been doing tons of travel planning lately,here's hot tip for using Hotwire. Get info on the hotel before you buy - www.betterbidding.com
This has been thee best two weeks of summer EVER !
Minecraft - The Dropper Part 3 - The Kitchen -
rocks! They utilize Videotel for our VP68, VP70 and VP77 for their awesome exhibits in San Diego, CA.
If you think nobody cares, try missing a couple of payments.
good job presenting the Bears showcase
Boring last season of
pussy so good.make u smack ya lips
RT : PHP was originally designed to replace a set of Perl scripts to maintain his Personal Home Pages (also known as PHP).
is that trick to getting thru the ATL?
I love the Vampires in America series by ! <3 <3 <3
Your voice is just to lovely :-) ididnt forget about you I do wanna autograph your gonna be super famous so I want mines :-)
is in Michigan! But we sure do miss our hometown!
It's always better than what I would have come up with had I tried to think it out completely first.
I'm good keeping busy, Living life. How's it going with you?
The Same Stuff Keep Happening !
looking for some last minute decor for SINGSING @ neumos on wed nite...anyone have reindeer or awesome tree brances they want to give us?!
Unacceptable Behaviors: physical contact including touching, pinching, patting, kissing, fondling, groping, grabbing or assault
hey jake!
Have a great day!
However I did have a good laugh when I arrived in Midland, lol!
planning a valentine meal...
Mike Brown doin' work!
I know right.... I want a weave just like hers.
Grindin.... You so far behind it
your welcome :) uh huh super great! :}
HAPPY THURSDAY!!! WOO HOO!!
literally hate
The video conferencing services have provided the business professionals to communicate with their clients through this online service.
omg How the fuck can u not know what day it is??? fucking loser...
Learn more about the 2010 Dublin Program run through the School of Communications and Theater. TODAY 12:00 pm Room 5 Annenberg Hall
Bill Watts would return as the Midnight Rider, a gimmick Dusty Rhodes would also run into the ground.
Pretty weak, if true. RT Heard on Jersey radio Devils fans being told to throw rats on ice to get power play.
I'll just focus on finishing this song... that'll make me happy :)
Thanks Carolyn - you too!!!
Also, why does Ralphie's mom have such a terrible haircut?
it's I really want this job.
That's my nijer....
P.O.D. And HEAD tonight in Ashland, KY....Free at the river park...be there!!!!
Happy mothers day to all good mothers
I don't care about history. English beers are garbage. I can't think of one English brewer that I would consider great
Can anyone give me a shout out ? Please (; Il lovee youu forever <3 Il doo one back ? (:
about mastering call us 678-646-8965 ask for Dia or Mario
Every morning we start our Parkinson's group with the Pledge of Allegiance & a loud #GoSpursGo after!
Sometimes I wonder what the hell my family is going to do when I'm gone haha.
Thanks! Will you be at #joyce2011?
I better be seeing you at Zumba Toning tonight, ! It's been too long!
YouTube videos for book trailers, author interviews, tips on writing, share secrets about your characters
cant wait to party with this weekend gonna talk success and !
i would like a follow please XD
“: Whoa. is following me. Whoa.” Thanks for the follow=)
Not my fault heaux...
140 characters isn't even a start at expressng my complete contempt for Rush Limbaugh & the ugliness of his mind & thinking.
Feeling the creative vibe co-working at Green Spaces Denver!
I just learned what TCBY stood for. My mind is blown.
why do I love nicole carman so much:*
do you get my messages?
me too! packed house.
Alsdkfjs. Well, maybe you could come someday! ;D
I'm a mother fucking princess.
I feel so sick.
That's a lie. Liar, liar pants on fire.
Spotify keeps crashing when I try to play Coldplay. I think that's a message.
Hey fans, yes you. We love you!!
Superheroes and wrestling DVDs
Valley family adopts five more on National Adoption Day - KPHO Phoenix
Justice is Divine because it is based on the image Of God in every human being. Justice is inherent because Justice is Divine & ontological
ha.. even the one thing we have in common is different.. I keep my ipad horizontal ;)
I ordered one yesterday but I want a red one too!
do that lol
Baby I could really get to know you....
that should be interesting. But don't forget Yao Ming.
Back to bed
Aw fuck, I forgot my French homework... Not like I was going to do it anyway
Watching and jimmy play NCAA and got papa johns in route...
Avoid hangovers. Stay drunk.
Cowboys and Aliens was... something. To say the least.
Imma coke boii hello hello hello !
lol where you from?
goodnight/goodmorning to you :DD I hope you have a great day curly! Much love x
I already created the brochures in Vistaprint. Problem is you can't print them.
super sleepy
Few feelings match the panic felt after you wake up way too late for class
Dinner tonite: Chicken lasagna, garlic veggies, & butter croissants. #M - delicious & nutritious.
Mom "Pink Colored pills make me want to vomit." Me:"lol"
good luck, Rick and !
Goodnight noises everywhere.
ATTENTION UNITED STATES RESIDENTS! We will be selecting individuals to join our "R3Pin CR3W" though out the United States!
okc for the sweep !
Rise and shine - time for brunch! It's nice out and it's time for some champagne (and food). Sunday funday? Maybe!!
is it gay of me as a man if I accidently screamed when followed me?
Haha yeah I'm fine. Just tired from work.
it's WEDS! aka: HUMP DAY!! GET TO THE SMILING MOOSE FOR LUNCH!(11am-3pm) DELICIOUS SPECIALS AWAIT YOU!!
Wishing I had a real smartphone so I could play Etta James "At Last", has never heard it.
i've reach a #followlimit. will follow back as soon as I can ppl
#Knicks how about a win..did we forget what that is..lets go!
girl make that money!!!
"We've invited these kids to a high school that's rigged with hidden cameras."
Happy day, my friend! Wish you were here.
I need a nap tho
OMG! Hail the size of golf balls on my porch!
BrennanNewberry qualified 14th for the race today! Live on SPEED Channel at 3:30 West Coast Time! Who's watching?
Thanks for the RT. How you doing?!
ha nah not really actually i just don't ever go out anymore
Pam, did you experience connectivity issues during the game?
Off vacation and heading out Wed!! Grand Velvet, Orange Drops and Pecan Pie along with all ur favorites!
Honestly? Unsure. I see the savings leaf occasionally. But my hours in and out are so random as well as the weather lately.
Watching the cubs/cards game on the jumbotron at miller park...Go cubs go!
Dear anyone who is currently pregnant,I'm fixing to buy you all this baby texas a&m stuff at once upon a child.Its so cute c:
Shout out to go follow!:)
Im out, to tired to finish the game.
Street fighter bitches, this the up cutter Nunchucka', no time to ducka' sign of the cross, cause this is her last suppa.
I expect nothing but....
A young medical student just came in and asked me one million questions about my piercing.
Spelling? #AintNobodyGotTimeForDat RT : I'm so
Awesome job Rangers!!!
Javy Guerra gives up a run. Cubs tie the game. 3-3 we are headed into extra innings
We're always glad to see students in the galleries! :D
Only because #BOYFRIEND comes out tmrw all #Beliebers should have no school. This is like a holiday to us!
were playing at 9:30, the bar is called Paddy Mac's it's on Pulaski just N of Irving Park!
shit just workin for the mans
Happy holidays, everyone! See you in 2012!
I ain't never been no bitch Haha
I am going to East Texas this weekend! I couldn't be more thrilled!
So much for curling my hair so nicely.
ahh you did? lucky!! were you on the floor or something? i heard security was tight so i needa know how u got that close
I haven't been there in a long time, but remember everything being all out of order. Glad you found something. No hating...lol.
Who was the hottest on screen duo Neve Campell and Denise Richards in Wild things or Gina Gershon and Jennifer Tilly in Bound
Tina Chen is inspiring #RaganMSFT! If you want to create change, you MUST tell a story.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! I LOVE YOU (;
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent in doing nothing. Bernard Shaw
I LOVE YOU! XOXOXOXOXO MARRY ME?
It's pretty bad when the girl u think is cute thinks ur older brother is hotter lol :/
Ughh Feel Like Trowing Up . Dont Feel Good D;
Thank's!
Take a day off. Have six beers. Eat a meat-lovers pizza.
At Georgetown Univ. teaching class on Investor Fundraising tonight.
what about Woodbridge Pub or if in the mood for Mexican, Nuestra Familia?
Awwwhhhhhhhh :) I concur!
man im going back to sleep to much s*it gos on and i never get enough sleep ....NITE
BEST SHOW OF MY ENTIRE LIFE OK HAHAHAHA
Thanks for letting me know about the Moo sale! I just ordered a new set of Minicards! (^-^)
Wake and bake gotta get shit out my head
On air 6-7 tonight at 90.7 FM and it's the 70th birthday of #LouReed so I'll have to turn in my dj badge if I don't play him
I like the green and yellow ones better ;)
We are really looking forward to announcing the venue, dates, and director for AN APOLOGY... Check back soon!
If she LAUGHS when u pull out ur PENIS..then gets DRESSED & LEAVES..still LAUGHING
nook by barnes & noble is a superior product. I am a manager at the santa monica store. Come by for a free demonstration.
My eardrums will eventually give out if I keep listening to my ipod on full blast WHILE mowing.
Marcus Boyd Realer Than Most Ready For Whatever Miami New York Atlanta Los Angelas Dallas The Whole Ohio Detroit Chicago we DO IT BIG
Do youhave a loved one w/a end of life disease and need hospice or on it and need a GREAT handbook to walk the journey with??
More for
How's everyone tonight? X
Stop by booth #117 and learn how you can give your business a competitive edge by customizing your SugarCRM
How will you enjoy this gift of great weather? Come see us for a yoga class tonight before starting your weekend.
Tropical Shakeology coming later this year! I love working for this amazing company.
I bought one megamillions ticket today. The first thing I'll do if/when I win is hire a financial advisor.
Make sure you stop by Southern Ivy before you head home to take advantage of our awesome deals going on!
#ILovePoetry Thanks for the Love!
You're the best! thank you!
my fav writer once said, "sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation... the other eight are unimportant" -Henry Miller
Soon it will be ¥1=$1 and my favorite <U+5B9A><U+98DF> will cost me only US$800!
Oh u heard right <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> Bad bitches follow RT : rofl please do lol, so I've heard your the leader?
It's easy to say halo but it's hard to say goodby to love ones
Wish I could be there for #NYFW, but excited to be helping rep during Atlanta's Fashion night out!
Euchre in someone else's star = priceless
haha... yeah, I've heard. I don't think I'll mind though. It's just kinda weird having people pay so much attention to your bod!
Yo I am lovin all the Fresh new OBEY gear up in here...
I am alive! Week 1 of teaching 10th graders done.
and what might that be my love
... And i think I have seen 200 donut shops within a mile. But NO WalMarts or Targets?
oh, how nice :)
Someone should visit me at Ballydoyle. And also buy me food <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7>
hey;))I love u and my birthday is tomarrow and I want u to make a private call to me.812-679-1479
": #icriedwhen co-cheese died"<I can't even get through that scene! :'(
It's Trevor Time!! Hell's Bells, baby!!
Happy birthday! Looking forward to celebrating tomorrow!
duh!! Multiple times! Haha :)
nd glad I inspire her mayb she will pay attention n stop selling trash..
Thankful today for all the love that has been added to my life in response to the love that has consumed my life.
Could my hands be more unladylike? How did they get so rough? And the color of the Earth, just won't go away.............
Spoken words can never be recalled.
U guys got your slingshot and stone? RT : get to the Merrell center tonight! Kpark vs Yates at 7:30!
and sunscreen! welcome home!
Im doing great Nice yepper it the weekend time to relax in chills
Hi WVUM Team! We sent you a copy of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We'd love your feedback! www.twintapes.com Tks!
Attending a play tonight: Woodshed Collective Presents "The Tenant." Should be good!
To the two girls literally belting out and I am telling you in the holding room....please calm down -_-
The first USF student to put 15 books on our advantage program today will win a PS3, Wii, or XBOX 360!
what can i say, im not perfect and i will never be..i wont give up on us though, us is something worth keeping thats something we agree on
Some days the most I'm gonna accomplish is making the cats purr.
Lunch time Come for some hot soup and delicious sandwiches
Woo LOBOS win!!! Bring your coupon and ticket to redeem your Lobo cupcake from 4-6 on Monday!!! What a sweet taste of victory!
heyheyhey i never promised!
Would you ever say that my friend, can see him on my icon,is Tim Gerst's twin?!Believe me,you would!
Somebody get these inchworms off of me.
this could be fun.
Sometimes I am so old school..is there a printable program of concurrent sessions for #aasl11? I just like to ponder it all in print..
Lacrosse boys .
Is it possible to be
do you have any time for an old Irishman from New York? I'm coming to San Diego for the 4th!
TBS DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO GET OFF STICKAM OH MY GOD I'M YELLING
Yay for Derby weekend! No school for this girl tomorrow!
gone tweet!
are you doing the Ice Age 50k?
#Illbehonest I'm scared to talk to certain people because I'm scared they'll tell me the truth of what someone lied to me about.
RT : Finalizing details for fundraiser. Thanks for food donation! (my fav. kind of donation) yum!
"Sometimes it takes balls to be a woman/standing up to the test/while wearing a party dress/sometimes looks can be deceiving...."
lmfao, why was there a sheriff at your house!
dont forget me, sometimes it hurts instead :(
though i bet they have one for MLS, which should start soon
So you mad bro?
You mean flwor-ing right? :)
Hello there! Hows England? :-)
Oh Dang AllKpop giving away Music Wave tickets, that's nice of them. Specially to ask only those that don't have tix to enter
it's also in my folder called "what do you do with a bs in graphic design" lol
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Scrapbooking News , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
Overheard: "You know you in the hood when somebody tries to offer you two 6 month old pitbull puppies at 9 in the morning."
I kinda did just now. RT : Nobody seems to vomit a little in their mouth anymore.
im good and u?
Will do!
Dude I was just thinking about your highschool day's today haha!
Welcome to twitter! it takes a while to get accustomed but eventually you'll love it
oh, good to know. Thanks!
so thankful I had acupuncture after that epic FAIL of an eye specialist appt.
I wanna die young, but as late as possible.
Shrine tonight??? RT : You know how we do!!! RT : Too old to drink like I did last night. Today is a bitch lol
I think most participants in #dayofhighered will treat their tweets as public utterances.
I don't know how long you've had that profile picture, but it's perfect.
RT : He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has. ~Epictetus
no thanks! He was still wearing his hospital armband. 2 days old
Barring a turnover, that's the game! ...
I <3 my Mexicans! Happy Cinco De Mayo--practice Mexican foreplay and have some tequila!!! :D
we have not seen any lately.
It's days like today where I have no desire to be at work. All I got is draft on the brain. Along with an Ice cold Brewski
I'm in this bitch posted wit all my niggggas
What da fudge??? I keep losing followers
good call. in the realm of possibly insane NBA players, Javale is much more current than Deshawn.
#TheWorstFeeling Losing someone you love <|3
On a final note a good ab workout plus gassy food is really uncomfortable...
I wanna see pics of this fabulous new haircut, missy!!
I am loving the new DCU.
Justin Latz makes great bacon.
AA County Councilman Jerry Walker asked how Chief Teare can continue to serve effectively after a "no confidence" vote by police union
Special person sighting in the halls of ! I hope we gave his GB t-shirt!
Here come them Nuggets!!!
how r u
Not even we are thinking about wine at 8:30 a.m. on Sunday. But thanks for reading this anyway.
Gail Kerr: If nothing else, Constance Gee&#39;s story needs to be heard
Informal learning process instruction starts with a formal learning program
your girl is like a motion picture, she gonna be cumming soon.
thank you :)
welcome to the Twitter world!
Pretty sure Hawk comes before Merk and Robin. RT : Power structure at the Cell: 1. Kenny, 2. Sale, 3. Cooper, 4. Merk, 5. Robin.
DED organises awareness sessions for businesses with repeat fines - AME Info
Maharaja would like to support our local breweries by selling locally brewed beers! So the question is..what's you're favorite craft beer?!
Rösti sounds like latkes, which are yummy. And wine/cream was from the place that suggests adding icing to NYC cheese cake. ugh.
A male co-worker is chronically tan. I think he overdid it as today he's looking carrot-ish.
...You don't create through action; you create through vibration. And then, your vibration calls action from you. Abraham I say vibe up!!
Dude, it's Tuesday.
- It was awesome to get to meet you! Loved the wine too :)
I love him
fucking ratchets ghetto ass guys
that's awesome!
Heading to NYC.
Awesome! I'm getting another tattoo as a graduation present to myself
My pleasure, Doug!
Aw Panks, thanks but absolutely not relevant for us. Good luck!
#FF Have a great weekend!! :)
do youu like the ICONic Boyz?!?!?!
Haha this made me think of camp when I first met you and Bri!
it only shows up on my website feed if i favorite it. If someone can tell me another way, I'll listen.
RT Library Journal launches www.losinglibraries.org to track library closures, cuts, reduced hours, etc.
Cant wait to see 30 minutes or less
Looking for those super Hot indie music artist for Break That Single. A music show dedicated to breaking new music.
Finished makin some hits now Ima bout to head to the gym
you got it my man
Drunk lady just told me I had really good hair
why are you always fuckin me up..
well if your listening it you think youd at least be able to get the words right.
Check out our songs! And tell us what you think at reverbnation.com/withoutdelay
hard. heard. head. heart. hurt. heat. hurled.
That last tweet was incorrect. The show on the 17th has been canceled. Sorry to disappoint. I know you all were very excited.
gearing up for season 2! anywhere we need to have on the list?
I'm thinking pop-up book. Why don't they make a book adaptation of My Dinner with Andre?
wuts up my g
Who wants to wear some PC Threads in 2012?!?
On day 11 of 14 work days in a row... NYC move around the corner!
6th Friday of Lent
Marry me,
someones bitter... gotta rep my
it's time to fix what's been broken to long , time to make right what has been wrong
Wife is 8 months pregnant.The baby now has all 5 senses, while everything she sees, smells, hears, tastes, or touches makes her cry or puke
HEY EVERY BODY FOLLOW AND ILL FOLLOW BACK
No problem ! i'm excited :)
Kobe if not more
Alternately trying to host The Hopkins Review site on Godaddy and banging my head against my desk. Any help, ? Or is it just me.
I thought this Kim Jong Un dead rumor was Kim Jong Undead and that Kim Jong Sr. was back from beyond the grave. No such luck.
Dam Team Sicki Garbaj is steady on 's time line!!
im a little disappointed in the 9 and 11 start for the #Brewers..i understand its early but i dont like the inconsistacy do far
If you can help nurse me back from my foot injury to 100%, that would be ideal! I'll be using your service ASAP
Glad to hear it! See you in September!
Weather feels great! Time to just kick it.
I hope your day is full of beautiful surprises and your day is as wonderful as you are. "Happy Valentine’s Day"
Damn niggas keep buying us rounds of drinks...Ha
About all you can do in life is be who you are. - Rita Mae Brown
We want Tacos!
- hope you guys are having an AMAZING weekend!!!! Xo
I can't tell you how proud I am of my Dad for giving up drinking That being said it sucks that there's never any liquor at my parent's house
You Sure about that Homeboy? Thats Rock with an R right?
Check your car license plate stickers if you park by the Southport stop- cops are cruising the neighborhood, looking to write people up.
My mom just told me to f**king tweet it, just f**king tweet it kara.. Thought that was so awesome i forgot what I was actually gonna say
We're looking forward to it!
's new song is the free single of the week on ! Thursday made.
Many customer ideas from MyStarbucks have been implemented. Digital ideas boxes means faster implementation - great engagement
Hey I have a personal twitter account - TCM, herbs, acupuncture, martial arts and more. Feel free to follow.
did #chi11 plan to bring facebook down today so that we don't procrastinate from our papers?
I love a good Zumba
tell me about it haha
Twitter is such a bizarre combo of wonderful and awful. Just like everything else I guess
blacklatern says his brother is getting two removed today ouch! Ouch!
If it's any consolation, "I actually read it."
That is AWESOME. I haven't heard that term since the Intro to Meteorology course I took a few years ago.
Dang! 13 year old dog is stuck under the recliner, bit the Teenage Wonder when he tried to pull her out!
idk city you're in but the club sucks in Chicago tonight...These girls aren't leavin with much..
Happy Birthday to Professor Jones today!
"I'm gonna throw up in your purse"
woohoo! you made my day.
whoa! Did u just refer to me as a fermented cabbage vocal amplification device? Im not German and you mean mick
Got it DVR'd don't worry about us fans back here in Cinci, you know we're watchin, just kick a$$ big man!
Piers Anthony?
watching the news - lots of it
Top Reasons to live at PremierLofts: #10 FREE valet service with dry cleaners!
what's that crazy special sandwich they make at the deli near you? Carl ordered it for me and it was awesome.
Great weather
Its only two things u can wen faced with a cheating spouse...u can either stay or go but u cant play the fence
who to follow.... hm
Nag, nag, bitch STFU
Dam I really hope I get this promotion at my job. :/... I'm ready to boss some bitch ass niggas around. They can take that shit too.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand LIES LIES LIES
hey so wanna come save me from my bordum of working in my parents jewelry shop???
Should have gone to Whole Foods. I can't believe I think that but they're more chill and no credit card minimum
Sounds like #mla12 is not up to do a #fundrun. Woulda thought they'd go for that. Tis the season and all, eh?
It's just funny how the old lady is criticizing free food.
ok you can tell me on a need to know basis. LOL
It's called selfcontrol. haha People want us to fail. They invented awesome freakin technology that distracts us from school.
Last time I heard, you were an amazing teacher, student and leader RT : My life is a joke
Toronto FC, I mean really!!!!!!
'We do befriend the people on our television' Jane Lynch on #Maddow Yes, yes we do ;)
On our way back to Milwaukee from Chicago
Ponchos! Why the ponchos. Isnt that for if it raining. They should tell you to bring a parka!
The #American captain James Lawrence, coined the term during an 1813 battle with the British after being mortally wounded.
:) haha ya what u said.
I've deleted about 10 people off Facebook within the past 3 days.
Sorry ! Couldn't resist: RT : Retweet if you feel more confident with smooth, radiant #legs!
papastevesbars, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Soundchecked @ 3:30pm now it's go time in Annapolis. Time to get this party started. 2morrow I See Herman Burney with Wycliffe Gordon!!
And the whole Napoli thing would be funny-if he wasn't famous and didn't have so many followers. That makes it mean-whether he thinks (cont)
Good to hear! I wish you nothing but success!
I think daily practices may vary, but ppl will respond to same things ultimately; honesty, personal connections, etc
Curious sculpture at Schoenberg’s grave in Vienna: cube touching square.12 sides = 12 tone music!
I have an overwhelming urge to go for a run. Like right now at 4am.
Last night's "URBAN FIRE SHOWCASE" @ Karma Lounge, NYC was "CRAZY". Great crowd, great energy, and incredible talent!!!
Johnny Short
Awesome one of the band members said i look awesome in video n it should be out soon
And by "moron," I don't mean "disagrees with me." I mean "moron," regardless of positions.
?The way to happiness: Keep your heart free from hate, your mind from worry
Good times!
I hate the way you make me love you
RT : At the height of #OBL death announcement, Twitter was moving 250 times faster than a hummingbird's wings. -
Today is a good day.
I don't know why though. What's jealousy going to fix? Not one thing if you ask me.
hell yeah, that shit was hot. I hope the improved alot on prototype 2
It'll just revive as a more bitchy tuesday...
that's a fun place. Never been on a Friday, but bet its cool. Great night for it too.
I shouldn't be up this early...I shouldn't be up this early...I shouldn't be up this early...I shouldn't be up this early...
Preparing for tomorrow night.. Cant wait to hear everyone's sets
Wow tomorrow is my last full day of high school left man time goes fast.
I might play on my best friends softball team!
it may be 2:00 before I get to my hotel.
I would rather wake up to zombies than all of this snow.
Todd requests incident at Wrigley Field.
it's a keyboard/synth ..just wanted to know if it was worth buying. how was the movie? sorry i didn't make it out there :/
my surveymonkey is being stubborn. it doesn't want to be done. Frustrating...
Why do I feel like you're teasing me?
Dude walking ahead of me just tidal waved by a car. Poor guy
lol ijs. If i cant have the one i want i rather not have nan and do wht men do to women.lol
why hello there mr. attractive
Got lost in cooking last nite—started out making chicken stew & ended up with cauliflower /bacon & cheddar soup...
Overheard from "I'm trying to get circumcision banned in the US"
We know you drive smart. Now pick smart. Choose She really wants an R8.
Thanks for the follow, Darwin.
Thanks for your stream of typographic tidbits, artsparrow!
I know he's all spiritual an shit now but I mean football hits can easily give concussions
Part of being community manager is knowing when & how to use your role. Sometimes better to sit back, let community hash it out
on your profile,"bad bitch, talk shit" etc
Just flew directly over Charleston Harbor in the early morning light.
#SHOUTOUT to my Girls I LOVE you girls <3
hahaahahahahah u right!
Almost 1OO followers babys ! Follow me !Follow me !Follow me !
watching The Outlaw Josey Wales all on my own..my man would be so proud.
RT Yes my white chocolate I'm here lol// good u gotta come meet Stoni!!
Thanks for the follow! Look forward to sharing my work with you.
My dogs make it nearly impossible to take a nap longer than 10 min
This Thai Tea is too good.
i just wanna be 21. i DONT want to drink i just want to be able to get into good concerts.
ha! that's what Danny said. he made me look for her on here already.
On that early grind...got the "home" set up together... just gotta connect it all, then put up the soundproofing
Pizza bread is, well, pizza bread. But the sweetly sauced version I had at Cucina Bianchi in Elk Grove Village last night was a step up.
Thanks Michael! Keep it up and I'm sure you'll get there sooner than you think.
You can't win missing free throws. 12 down with under 6 to play and it looks like it's time turn off the lights.. #finalfour dance is over
What's that? You just do J Mart's bidding now? He's too good to tweet? dm sent btw
Help local kids by participating in Extra Life, a 24 hour GAMING MARATHON on October 15th. SIGN UP TODAY! www.extra-life.org
Thoughts and prayers with the Uecker family.
Family Guy >
iight take your word for it then lol
If you put your tongue in your friend's ear, you should expect your friend's tongue in your ear.
haha yeah dude i was talking to alec, and two kids joined yesterday who dont even know how to. and we need players
Chris Meister challenges Renear on intentionality: the problem seems to be time & identity, not intentionality #kodm // I tend to agree
that we should go on the hunt! Or get to hit bham
I <U+2665> NEW YOURK
Walking in Purpose
I less than 3 you
Bless your soul. I don't even mind that my phone kept going off for a tweet like that
the Heat both the refs and the Mavs tonight. And this with Bosh only having one eye. 2-1!
You're welcome! I had the Monday blues but feel much better now. I think I need a few weeks off. Not just 2 days. ;)
Great to hear that you will be pouring for I am stopping by Sun. & look forward to trying. Hear great things.
The faster my followers catch up to my following,the quicker deals will appear.
Run into a store, ask what year it is. When someone answers you, yell "it worked!" Then run out
what time did you go? Lol what's her name?
Sorry. I was at a dinner last night. Mikimoto has a 99¢ dine-in special on their fresh sushi, but you have to ask about it.
we look at Google Analytics reports to gauge success.
The TB Lightning had a nice win last night in OT after being down. Ryan Malone has been on fire!
Photographers need to be listening to on Kelby TV's The Grid
Does Civility differ from politesse?
dam #rain ruined my day -_-
Thanks for the follows! and and and and and ! Have a great day!
We are investigating this as we saw them also
Its sad that getting an F on a test is a bigger deal then 13 year old having sex with a 20 year old
": #ows This is epic. Protesters in Tahrir tmrw march 2 the US embassy 2 protest violent crackdown of #occupyoakland."
what u got rocking tonight?
Yes he does sometimes.
I will have to confront someone today who sent me a nast e-mail. IMHO, that is very cowardly
Oh I really hate using tables and spacers! Right now I'm using our old template but will optimize when I can breath again.
“Dear Bestfriend, please stay in my life forever because you're one of the best things to ever happen to me. Love, me.” some1 say this 2 me
Sorry I'm not on face book.
RT I am apart of the 2012 bocce ball champs team
LOL...I just couldn't turn away.
Weed needs to be legalized ASAP.....
If ur renouncing your membership in the #Beyhive, u can be her bff, otherwise, NO. RT lol! I can't even RT her?
#bbworld10 presenting Cont Sys in 9.1 w/ a Project Runway theme. Awesome!
Tor where you at
"It's all about translations" - Lucinda Martinez, VP of Multicultural Marketing at #HBO at #HPNG #Latino #Leaders #Networking Event.
lol nothing you?
hey babygirl happy mothers day how is your day going
Putin Pregnant With Gossip
Have a Fun & Safe Weekend = tener un fin de semana seguro y divertido.
I need to chill because I need to raise $4000 for an event by next Tuesday!
Good luck to at the P.I.T this week/weekend. I see nothing but success in his future. #Humble&Hungry
woke up, and is still moving to New Orleans. Yay!
Looks like there will be 8 Laps Left at the green flag.
Cami just said, "Don't harsh my mellow." I've taught 80s lingo so well. PROUD MAMA!!!
Cannot get the "Liberty Bell" out of my head....why did I ever choose to conduct that piece with the high schoolers???
Knew you were huge bonner “: I should have been part of the AV club in middle school, but I played the trombone instead.
Well come on!! Its gonna be
I don't want to believe it's true if I also have to believe the descriptions of his junk are true.
back atcha! We're looking forward to checking out the relaunch - take care :)
I need to work on my attitude towards my nigga but you BITCHES and bitch niggas do deserve the rath of Natasha
You're such a trendsetter. :)
Awake. Post ride shots turned into nearly half a pint. Slightly foggy. Force feeding self and tryin to make it out tonight.
#NewFeds practice interviewing with someone who is not a librarian.
Posting pics of underage drinking on Facebook with your boobs hanging out really shows me where your #cumdumpster is
bring the data! let us know if you need some more geocoding API help.
I know right #fml so stressed. About to move to logans square
2011 was full of amazing memories and adventures and 2012 will be full of even GREATER experiences :)
“: Been sampling some fantastic beers here in Portland. Hopworks brewery, bikes & beer, carbon neutral &very nice IPA.”
For some ladies out there, change your bad attitude and watch your bad relationship change.
She looks crusty lol
your avi made my heart sink! Your veryy luckyy!
yo what's good
Forced to watch 15 minutes previews on DVD
My sweet tooth is having my usual cravings for cake, ice cream, cookies etc too bad i have none grrrr. .
that's funny
On a park bench with but dont worry, there's a backpack between us.
you trying to get some Black Thunder!
You're beautiful, its true.
How much of a network is it if when you contact them they say "Now, how do I know you?"
Never underestimate the power of the 40+ lesbian. RT : One sentence reads, "who would expect forty-year-old lesbian spies?"
NYC B&H Electronics caters to Portugese Speaking Brasilian Clients and Their Special Needs
thank you for voting on our online proctoring poll!
": Niggas with no followers act like followers isn't everything Bitch you wasnt with me TWEETING AT THE CRIB"
Wow... the best review on natural breast enlargement produtcs - Photoshop CS6
o ok that makes sense. Thanks :)
This morning was like the opening number of a musical - beautiful day and everyone in my neighborhood saying hi to me.
Then it keep going! Lol STOP!!
When 1D plays on the radio at track practice and the temperature is 72 degrees, you kinda forget about the stress in your life.
Sweet ! Will throw in some other goodies for you too. How've you been? Loving your stuff. xo
The Main Library will be closed on Sunday, May 13th for Mother's Day.
%age of Adolescents w/Type 2 Diabetes=45%. To the youth, there ain't no tomorrow if you don't control this today. Get Healthy, Eat Healthy.
Why u be trippen?!
keep pissing off and ridiculing your customer base and in 30 years you can be Jerry Tipton!
i think i may name him Trigger. Dont know yet but hes my dog buddy so back off!!!
687k to end the day. doubled up getting lucky vs darren elias then doubled a short 5k/10k tomorrow 16 left
Yes. my pen name is Pete Beast.
heading over to the for the second half.. I'll be wearing the Laker home jersey with "Gonzales" on the back.. come say hi
omg that was so funny that face that u gave me I wonder where my dads at
Congrats on the internship! I know you were looking forward to it! Look into taking it as gen study instead of com.
Tomorrow, perhaps?
RT : “: Who y'all think I should drop a record with from MEMPHIS??” Yung Swagg
LOL! Just heard someone complaining...Sometimes it seems like God has returned and taken all of the NICE people...WAIT! I am still here!
#grateful for the air I breathe
Dear girl who has been arguing into a cell phone (on speaker) for the last 10 minutes in the women's restroom down the hall, WHY?
Black,Caucasian,Hispanic,Asian,Middle Eastern etc. are all welcomed at
it was my birthday when it happened!
Appalled at how old the papers at the bottom of my inbox actually are.
Agreed..... and deffinately not a time for a victory lap.
bout time
Second gym session went well now work than training than gym again and than eat than one more !
When the robots take over, I hope umpires are the first to go.
The world is filled with awe, and if we remain mindful in our search for it, we shall be, too. ~Erin Waddle
Oh God, and then I spelled "still" wrong. I give up.
Protect Our Kids Act would establish a commission to develop a national standard for reporting #ChildAbuse fatalities.
Well goodnight fuck heads :-)
i'm gonna be famous
i don't get it. Explain.
Maybe you should become a professor and work in academia!?
so you are boy belieber
These some of the ugliest strippers I've ever seen though. My eyes hurt.
If I could go back and make it happen faster don't ya know baby I would <U+2764>
All of us here at Montaño Acura wishing everyone a very Happy Thanksgiving!
What is the secret to finding a good relationship?...or does it all Kum with
“: positive thinking takes you much further.”
Surely, it is God who saves me; I will trust in him and not be afraid. (Is 12) /RT
Haha me either! Its okay!
BTW... if anyone is interested in the outcome of the game against Mary, it's 6-0, 6-0 (Mary won)... even though the game is tomorrow :-)
If you put an order in with us already, it will be ready this week!
me too but mine just came back
almost done packing... will be Ontario, Ca airport at 2:30pm
June 7, its been rumored.
there are few as genius as you Randall
So Happy Followed Back! :D..Well GoodNight Hopefully When I Wake Up Has Followed Me ;) #mahomie <3
Me the music & a Margarita
Thanks for the listing!!
I know! Thought for sure he was going to bite it on the road. Or hit the car!
I bet it stands out from all of the pretty pink houses.
FRIGGIN SNOW IN WASHINGTON STATE?!
Lml, right... They wud look at me like I'm crazii but oh well. Ha-ha.
Sure u can vote more than once but not just repeatedly =]
Where did "change project to tag" go?
Musicians, keep your listeners wanting more: end your song on the tritone, minor second or major seventh. That's how Thelonius Monk did it.
there are still a few drive-in theaters in #indiana, but they're disappearing like most other places too.
Good Morning. I have woke from my slumber and I am preparing for todays tattoo appointments. Need Coffffeeeeeeee
it's not stealing when it's you, my twin! LOL go for it! send me the link and I'll add it!
The Ellen degeneres show >>>
Put derrick rose back in
Hey! Congrats on joining Edelman!
babies just sleep- you have time-
I quite Android. DroidX was a fail for me. Moved to iPhone.
way to tickle that post out to the internet Plush!
All this Polo on I got Horse Power!!
Skill is the unified force of experience, intellect and passion in their operation
When you can't decide what to do or which way to go, Trust God! Best decision you'll ever make!
I have my business and you have yours so stay out of mine and we'll be alright.
Yum! Sounds great. We will definitely have to try
Max McGee
Oh lol I just noticed that. But don't feel creepy haha.
Love the seamless integration of "virtual experts" in the opening session
my labor was easy and quick. I slept almost the whole time I was in labor haha
Fasho I got you. Can you email me some samples of your music.
are you awake? want to work out? I need motivation
touched nicely
what does everyone think about Bank of Americas directions tomorrow?
Really wish I had new tennies for the race Tom
I want a Spotted Cow. Like, right now.
Half day at work! Headed out on the boat.
Can't tonight. Maybe sometime this weekend.
What is the Neo4j team doing in Chicago?
You ready Duke's? Were gonna bring our country thunder hard to y'all this Friday night!!
Black Wednesday: Turkeys stuff Santa and pair with Elfberry gravy in a liberating role reversal.
I will be in China for 36 days beginning April 8th. I hope to bring you some interesting insights into the Chinese housing market
When one of my followers tweets some shxt I know is false ...
if your rap name consist of the word "swag" in anyway, you're a clown and you suck.
Another day of great weather, another day closer to Opening Day! RT if you're as excited as we are!
Life is not a spectator sport ~ Jackie Robinson
try the unwich next time!! So good!!
we'll be there well bring it!!!!
<3 thanks for the shows! you are awesome.
Its all about hair conditioner today!
my goodness, your followers then were 530, now 17,381 wow.=)
In the championship in all 3 yahoo fantasy leagues & playing for 3rd in my $100 league where I'm guaranteed $150 even with a loss next wk.
It's been coming. Now it's here. Let's make what it's fighting for disappear. Support #KONY2012!!!
Lions vs Raiders... Broncos vs Patriots... Season finale of Dexter... It's safe to say I'll be in front of my Tv all day.
A heart is like a piñata if you put it in the wrong persons reach it'll break
"Coming together is a beginning, staying together is progress, and working together is success."
Kive and microplace. I love them!
TURE that! RT : "It's practically impossible to live here and not be a #foodie" #SFoodie #SanFrancisco #San Fran
Tune into Emily G on 1067KISSFM RIGHT NOW! Tweet her
i don't know about you but it's hard to work without my hypem mix playing in the background!
N.J. father records teacher, aide mocking autistic son
we r done. We should of traded Douglas for Flynn at least Flynn know he can't shoot.
I don't care what they say in their commercial, I know those Leinenkugel people are Brewers fans.
Marquette v Arrowhead @ Kettle Morraine,7pm, this Sat. Get ur pre-sale tix @ MUHS, wear blue/gold. Cheer Topper Football to VICTORY!!
Omg never leaving my trainer for more than three days in a row. She was just waiting for me to come back to unleash the fury
too cool for the hipsters
Cure for Pain is coming along well. I've been able to work on it every night this week.
OK, it's a challenge: Who shall claim ? Or some underscored version of that?
I want you girl, and I need your body right here.
so true haha
You make beautiful things out of crust.
packin up for the show tonight @ Under the Couch at GA Tech.
Disappear! Never that! How's the day going?
Completely agree about engagement, but its hard in most venues to allocate twt seats that dont disturb others.
hi man !
lakers gonna get swept
Omg .. these niggas right here dawg !
Thanks for checking-in, ! What did you enjoy at Sebastian Joe's?
*looks around* my bad!!!
love mistletoe please follow me
Why is this week going by so slow???
What's the name of the anime where a kid goes around catching pokemon and uses them to battle other pokemon to become a pokemon master?
Not completely satisfied with the breakfast Maurice made.. wish he told us what he was cookin last night
I love it when military men call me ma'am.:)
dude no shut up(: haha so who you going to ask to be you're Valentine's??
Invited 2 MSfundraiser last night by Byron Allen, hob nob with top tier of fundraisers they raised $1,000,000 ANAZING. Night
Word from Thomas is that it works but needs more testing. Powerpoint will be available soon!
8k goes our to my bestest friend ever :) I'm glad I get to spend spring break with you
We can look into the shipping rates and see if it is still cost effective for your trip. If not, Check out Tep Wireless.
Glad I'll soon be a member of
She could be on the other side of the fence
Chris "Pervman" Andersen has been dismissed from all team activities.
LOL. Funniest segment ever.
ANNUAL IRELAND TRIP GIVEAWAY! We are having a big party on Friday, March 16th! We will be giving away a trip for TWO to Ireland & a tour...
I think were busy.....
well love u all so bye and thatks for all of the followers kk trying to get up to 500 kk love u bye
My bus this morning smells like Acton snooker rooms
Hello Metroplex !! Even though it's Wednesday , Mambocafe Dallas it's like Friday and that's how we want you to feel !!
super advice!!!!
"No one to talk with, I'm by myself. No one to walk with cuz I'm happy on the shelf. Aint misbehavin, I'm saving my love for you!
Home Sweet Home. Had fun
i just got accepted to the college of my dreams, this is so amazing! im so happy that i'm crying :')
We LOVE the BEST pizza in town! Camos Brothers Pizza, the most authentic NY Pizza you'll find in the South! 7321 Six Forks Rd
How can we help you and your business?
Which Summer Fairs/Festivals are you going to attend this year? Any special attractions that you plan to take in?
When I first moved to America, I thought half-and-half was half-skim, half-regular milk. I was ordering those fat lattes for like, 6 months.
kind of wish I was there too, but on the other hand I hiked, played soccer, hit a library, made pizza, and read a book today!
Date nite with hubby...dinner and paranormal activity....romantic LMBO
happy birthday! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
We have a gray owl stalking prey in our backyard. That got my husband and I wondering why they got the label "wise." Hmm...
Have a safe and fun Halloween tonight! What is everyone dressing up as?!
The advanced production list is up SF State! Go to the 4th floor and check it out! You won't be disappointed.
Ok - is on any time minute now ... Me & are freaking!!
So believes that I'm influential in unicorns. I thought you'd appreciate that.
I gave you the tools to figure it out for yourself.
Thx for the follow!
..like a sadness is there, kinda like Keanu, only deeper..something he might not even KNOW he has, or needs healing for..any good
'Somebody That I Used to Know,' Gotye continue remarkable rise - WJLA
You Right :-)
Thanks, very much appreciated the opportunity. You can always come back sooner than the next AFW13!
Thanks for the #FF! I hope you have an awesome Friday + weekend!!
nice! Ya, I was torn on what party/theme I wanted to attend... let's connect soon. Enjoy this BEAUTIFUL weather.
I cheated on my fears, broke up with my doubts, got engaged to my faith and now ... I<U+FFFD>m marrying my dreams
Green isn't my color lol plus I don't have anything green
Break depression by focusing only on the moment. Be in the now.
Banner is better than Thor d: so is Loki.
Whew. The cute kid managed to get onto the car in time. Would've been tragic to see him not make it.
it feels like someone just stabbed me in the chest. holy crap.
Many weeks after Basel and my feet are finally starting to feel normal again...
U r shameless as always but gotta give it 2 u 4 pointing out what's not journalism since u r n expert in paddling filth & lies ;)
Updating my twitter account, something new to play with .. LMAO
we dont have a facebook but we do have a facebook like page. Its called "Red Company [RED Co]"
owner will be on #flexxfmradio doing a interview involving DV > !! NY .ATL.NJ.MIAMI.CONN. PEEPS TUNE IN ! #NEXT SATURDAY !!
Heads up 7-up?
The team is currently preparing something special for our guests.
Thrilled! They are selling Hard Candy brand cosmetics at Walmart. How fabulous!
Vanilla Ice is a sexy ass white boy!!!!
2012. I'm ready for you.
Sweet! Thanks
Just trying to do me. That's all anyone can ever really do...
insecure in a different, not literal way,,that is :)
Thanks, for having time/temp/sponsor logos on screen throughout coverage of tonight's fireworks display!
I know linkin was huge now I'm like were did they go?
Enjoy your choice of beer, expired condiments, or that 4 year old can of meat sodium in tomato sauce.
RT : Tomorrow (8/5) ONLY - Jack's Pizza Spectacular Midway rides ONLY $1! What a deal! (Select rides may be excluded)
#ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina Who's Afraid of Vagina Woolf?
we need make a indoor track it be so so cool but i know that won't happen but if be too much gas and smoke coming out car
u ready for game 1 Sunday
i'm cool with that haha
i made typos n shit thats how mad i am
Common complaint re Silverlight. Haven't heard the UI complaint. But have you seen 's example of mobile clients?
So far, candidates r doing a good job of telling us what's needed, little lean on HOW they r going to get us there. There isn't a person...
Mysterious as the dark side of the moon
really, the #Bogusky show is charming, bizarre, and somehow impossible to stop watching...
oh dear haha!! where you from ?? :)
How can we be SURE that Weeden will be better than Colt? That is what bothers me.
Journalist on their reporting. Teachers and curriculum. Citizens on legislative testimony. Judges. Candidates. Appointees.
Filling out #LawSchool apps ... & yes I know I'm a little late :)
you that mad?? this nigga is ticked off. RT : Nigga stop RT'n me lmao
I feel like there is magic in this world! Magic in everything... And I'm learning that you can actually see it when your patient!
yesterday I saw a poutine gravy truck. if I hadn't Binged on 7-11 food earlier, I would SO take gravy fries
WISH I was ONE of those FISH! LOL! :)~
Havent ate a thing today and still have no appetite
how can we order up some apparel for our team members? It is great watching the bucks please follow &
Is that a good thing or a bad thing? :)
Twitter is being obnoxiously slow.
Which sauce are you putting on your burger this May? National Hamburger Month is in full swing!
Both Dari/Pahsto is taught (40-60hrs) on program called Rapport. Plus we have talented 'terps' (interpreters). :)
I think he did fabulous being injured, he hates to admit, &the defense kept sacking him over & over. No 1 person carries team
Tammron Hall sure controlled the show .She didn't suck up or run when the interviewee would not answer.The press is supposed to ask
no bolt?
Lmao. Right. A red rocket is a dog's wiener. RT : They really shouldn't call him the Red Rocket...
thanks ! Good times ....
you should probably follow me back on instagram since I followed you !! #justsayin (:
If people winked in real life as much as they do in texts, the world would be a really creepy place.
Merry Christmas!
would love to see this but I got an error clicking through
Hey Real Estate Agents. Wine makes a great houswarming gift / client thank you. Come buy & save at Wine & Roses Charity Tasting & Sale 6/10
In honor of daylight savings time, come take advantage of all night $5 happy hour at the bar!
Santorum support for RL is one that will back fire on him. I thought he was smarter than that!!!
Chicago ----> San Francisco
are you talking about "Bob?"
Cool! Why were you on epr?
and the guy couldn't get to the top of the stairs before getting grabbed and hauled away
oh my goodness. SOMEONE PLEASE BANG THIS KIDS HEAD INTO A WALL
I don't know how to feel. I never wanted my own brother to go through the same shiz as me. Ill be there for you
Could dark matter simply be made of yet unknown particles or elements?
My recent experiences are limited to adults, so I am only speaking about post-secondary - I respect your point-of-view.
I DOUBT anyone's giving us ANYTHING for M.R. But I don't want to rush a kid to the majors. I dunno if B.R. is EVER coming back.
Starting a 5 WK class tonight on the knowledge of God. Its so vital because Ideas have consequences. Ideas about God have the most.
Trying to win the #dodgers fight in Co. I've been there. Tough road to travel in this town as a Dodger, Lakers and Raider guy.
Twitter is suggesting I follow the Pivert. After 2 run in's with him....
I text you. You don't text back. I feel stupid. Therefore, I won't be texting you again.
just saw you "reading" with ur kids on Been reading ur blog since u were pregnant with first child. Congrats!
Thx for following and ! Let us know if can provide you with IT solutions!
btw u have an iPad right?
We will do our best. ;)
RT : Supernatural is the best show there is. ??
almost Friday!
you should eat some prunes young grasshopper!
Carl DeMaio went to Texas and is now broadcasting to the world how much better Austin is to do business than SD. That's helpful...TO AUSTIN!
that'd be great! Look forward to hearing from you! Thanks
At least it is Star Wars Day.
Made it back downtown and it's barely raining here. I swear I wasn't being dramatic!
What are you wearing?! My eyes and head hurt.
Thanks to all for the Rts/mentions! Feliz Tuesday to all!
I use the TCM app to watch vicariously. Lots of great clips too! Would happily pay for a streaming service.
Take me off your buddy-list bitch you fake hope you and your computer catch a virus lol
I like how he talks and how he is idk lol he makes you be interested imo.
Mixtape n progress promise it will best u ever heard
Congrats! #TEAMPUGILIST #BOXING >RT : A!!!!! I brought that big W home for #TeamPugilist n #GMBfightTeam baby
I'm traveling to Germany from Feb 23 to Feb 27 with
oh that's Wasup!
Green is my favorite color!
just make sure you stay away from names like "Destiny" & you should be ok
thank u but I really want to follow back
Omg listening to magical mystry tour all the way through omg this is amazing baby I'm a rich man
A humorist is a person who feels bad, but who feels good about it
I've got the "turning beer into pee" routine perfected. Now if I can figure out how to reverse the process then I'll be rich!
lol in that order
Yep! But only after you get "white privilege!" Oops! I know...but you deserve that...right? LOL!
Have you ever tried aromatherapy to relieve everyday stress?
when u rollin bacc out the A loco?
Take care of the earth and she will take care of you..
Wink if You Want it...... What do you want?
How about this snow east tennessee?
You can only be responsible for yourself and for your own thoughts, attitudes, actions and behaviors.
Someone dropped six Social Security cards in the men's room toilet.
We went to a car show! Had fun sitting in new concept cars and cutting up together. We've been married now for 19 years.
Agree, we see that ALL the time RT : Bror Saxberg says giving students control of learning pace is proven to work.
you know shit was spectacular, when a nigga uses the word spectacular
Thanks for following! @ + others!
Coach Rudy creepin on you when you would run
Pretty sure Chen just saved his own life.
Pretty pissed I won't be at the Garden tonight, but , & , as always, have the #dotcomination covered.
Wasn't in a mirror, was it? :) When I left WWDC last year, jackets followed me to the airport.
U are welcome
Baby grow, er yes.
very exciting man!!
can you please give me a shout out?? Thankks(:
This statement will possibly shock those who know me well: I think I wanna go to this year! Who's in?
Food coma <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Thats it tomorrow im having a picnic.
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain. How sad!
I'm learning YouTube tips w/ , & SeanMalarkey #social truth
you've been practicing for this moment for years!
What are you doing for mother's day? I know what I'm doing!
I cant wait till comes on tomorrow
NOT a GOD DAYUM PERSON
Happy happy BK!! RT : happy Friday Coach!
Words to live by!!
so whatcha wearing?
#Foodallergy~ your ears must have been ringing from the all the love from us! LOL!
thank you for posting this
Teenagers abound! Guessing high school football Field? Skateboards, pom-poms, & pop hits OH MY!
i already list you but unlist me and list plz :D
DYK? Garrett Morgan, Inventor of the Traffic Signal was a member of A Phi A
have u lived in any other part of GA? I think we chatted before a while ago... I'm good at faces.
aw your welcome :)
Haylen grey , shane grey
0A1.1. General rule. If your description and display standards need explaining to users, you're doing something wrong.
at school...having a horrible time
So if Jack doesn't play live then who does? Some magical copy who looks and acts exactly like him? Think it through asshole.
So close to summer... :(
Hey Jose, it's that Asian kid from In N Out!
I caucused for Ron Paul. I'm a Barry Goldwater conservative. Look up any of this and view their policies.
I get tired of people who have no common sense -__-
The day you realize you are NOT the only one in this world is the day you are really living in a GOOD DAY. <3
My New Joints Are Coming Soon... keep You Posted.....
I think I'm addicted to the client list.
I like Ramiro Pena, but his numbers are generally flat. Yet, Yanks continue calling him up. They know something we don't C yet?
I love how real and happy you are all the time! You truly are an amazing gift!!!
If InDesign is smart enough to have auto-save, why can't all the other programs do the same? They're all Adobe!!
I'm just saying what I feel & the truth if u don't like than adios
you mean in terms of dreads right?
Send us your questions for tonights show!!
the closer we get to the house, the more anxious and excited i get!
no, Ethan is fired. Lmao
John "Wolf". Is that a "Jewish" name?
Come in for a free cup of coffee...African coffee is presumed to increase your mental powers by at least 20%
Follow me on
I went on tour with them
A true love story never has an ending............
Hello Monday morning. We meet again.
I still love you
nice!! My hometown
I swear "they're" trying to kill us with this chemicalized tap water. I know there's worse water out there, but jeez.
We love hearing from you!
Bout to a bad a** shower
You know it's going to be a good day when you wake up 20 min late, and then attempt to put your leg in the wrong pantshole for 5 whole min.
no are u?
back at you!
Don't you wish you could just google anything? Such as "Where's Austin mahone?" Google: "Under your bed"
Swine fever click here for the latest, and no doubt we will sell you something
Menu for Tuesday Egg White Omelete with Sage Chicken Sausage, Spinach and Roasted Potatoes . Turkey Lettuce Wraps
OMG love Graeters. My good friend (and BU grad) is the manager of 2 So. Ind. stores.
If I got paid for training games, the world would be a better place
Not one of all the LORD's good promises to the house of Israel failed; every one was fulfilled. Joshua 21:45
I adore u! U make me smile inside and out. God bless pretty lady!
Ryan's overview of magic & charlatanry included many intriguing & humorous tales & vignettes--esp astrology, prognostication, & alchemy.
The Farmer's Fair this week and the Navy Bean Fall Festival next week.. you can sure sure tell that it's Autumn in Indiana!
thank u so much. Just trying to hang tough. Lol.. got a bunch of pictures to find. Tears n all but gotta do it. Twugs
Everyone is talking about #ripiau, is still retweeting shit and posting boobs on twitter...that doesn't seem very dead to me
I'd feel bad for Selena too if he left it up.. awh #theywerecutethough :( x
kids just off to HungerGames midnight premier- I'm finishing up Girl with Dragon Tatoo-
Welcome to Twitter, you're gonna have a blast!
I have to go BRB
Thanks to Doc Quinn for the 1st edition of "The Day Lincoln Was Shot". Thinking what have we learned since then.
Life's problems wouldn't be called "hurdles" if there wasn't a way to get over them. ~Author Unknown
im jus kiddin ! If I cud id give to u a hug right now (:
aww, thats my show. & i missed it /:
Head over and check out our good friends The Last Troubadour and Eat The Rich we will be playing with them April 8th.
#Spoiler On this week's Mad Men, Pete joins W.A.S.T.E.
#furchat who's the co-host?
When I am standing in front of God on judgement day, I want him to look at my name and smile.Be proud in serving him! Godizluv. Peace!
Thanks! I hope it makes things easier for everyone!
If u have to go to bed at 9:30 p.m follow me RT it and mention me wen ur done!!!!!! :-)
- no more 2 Tortilla Rolls combo? que pasa?
People all around you are branding you. Good or bad, you’ve got an image to the rest of the world, whether you intended it or not.
I think uncle lennie and ya!
speaking of bachelor parties - when is yours?
I did
last night together 4 season bring us good luck sir!
IEPPal will be exhibiting in the ASHA National Show in November in San Diego - please plan to stop by and meet our team there if you attend
haha, mark hates small dogs too, they can get annoying with their barking..u guys should visit lucille here soon
drink a blackout stout today. fuck sopa!
almost party fouled!!! Somebody cut her off!!!
Classes delayed for 2 and a half hours? ... You know what that means! Sleepy time and ramen. Oh and #TGIF !
I hope they at least get a touchdown or a goal
Oh what a night! Met one of my BFFs 1/2 way between city/burbs to shop (Shoes + hair goodies!), eat (Maggianos) & chat. Spontaneous fun!
ran out of space. Blogger... is nice & easy, so I'd say a 5. Willing to please, but lacking in features.
Thank you Paul Mitchell salon in Phoenix for providing makeovers to my Dress for Success ladies so they look #redhaute for interviews!
It's funny seeing people who don't know how to use #hashtags correctly in their tweets. #
Plays posted so far from 100 cappers and one consensus and more to come...Last night the consensus on FSU hits as they pounded BC
I'll Share Anything. But Not You. ;]
RT : has approved relief $$ for Ulster, Orange & Oneida counties due to Tropical Storms #Irene & Lee.
Mixing & mastering some soundtrack music for a DVD today (doing the authoring as well).
RT : You might see some Katies on WCCO at 6 - many gave "Silent Shout" w/ #deaf hip-hop artist Signmark!
Switzerland is beautiful.
That could've been so much worse. Hope everything turns out ok...
hello lovely lady! i miss you terribly!
Bro, Ashley's Here
People who drink #beer in moderation tend to report fewer instances of ill health than those who don't drink! Pint anyone?
Lmao...Ok ok ok it has been a while lol": DIDNT KNOW THAT WAS U! LOL"
Fam, "Came From The Bottom" track is hot! You have to let your boy come to studio with you one day and let me see how u get down!
65% of the rough cut is done! Another great day at the studio :)
I'm seriously so glad no one saw. Just between me and him. Haha. It hurt!!
how do I get my company affiliated with your company ?
Russell Wilson over Nick Foles??? What are you doing NFL teams. Your all messing up.
!!!!! ": Juventus have gone unbeaten through out this season! That's amazing!"
Looks so delicious!
Now listening to "Lucky Night"
Camp Rock 2 is on now!
Thanks for the follow ! We're always glad to have Girl Scouts come out to visit our 1890s farm!
Ok it team grizz time!!
Finished the James study 2day w/my YMCA fellow-sojourners/now my walk, a little housework and a new book The Swiss Courier by
I teared up not gonna lie
Yep. As part of the initial hiring documents, that might make sense.
whats the number???
Sen. Hansen declares recall victory.
Four cups of coffee with lots of sugar, still sleepy!! What the hell is wrong with me!
Marshall Sylver @ www.getrichradio.com will be signing On in just a minute! Listen now to have a chance in winning the $1000 CASH prize!
#JoeyDiamondFact joeys goal is to be a positive role model for young teenagers... does that explain the Joey Diamond speaks?
Pat Smear on stage with Dave Grohl & co. to accept the Grammy (just wanted to tweet #PatSmear-!)
Man who up !
Stfu about austin not being single!!! First Keyra git hate, and now Austin is getting mean comments about Taylor! Shutup! You girls have no
cool! what did you do?
(john Q adams) where was the media then?
#chocolate added to that mix makes a good snuggle session great.
Thanks - Please send some harissa to make it better! :)
Now that I'm home I'm probably going back to sleep
not if I get shit for Boston from pacers fans
Brian Williams special on obama white house- refreshing, hopeful, classy- things we have been missing
Today just keeps getting better <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Who saw Don Kelly's great grab in the stands in RF last night to seal the Tigers' 6-4 win at Seattle?
I've done Sxsw since I was 17 & I'm missing it this year.... Sad sad day! So all you peeps checking n on 4sq, u r not my friends right now!
#YouKnowItsRealWhen when I bring you around my BFF. To bad you messed it up.
Quit putting in a show it's annoying
I'm blown away by the community of home #beer brewers that has developed on YouTube. Learning lots just reading comments left by others.
haha. Oh well your still lucky!(: you got to talk to him, & he has your twitter now (:
- Hey, it's Monday. All good revolutions start on a Monday.
umm when was the peace?
JULY 28TH! 2013! SEATTLE. SO EXCITED!!! and ARE COMING TO TOWN. :D
Mandatory Evacuation of AC. No beach or shopping for me today. I hate you Irene!
May I do my part in both areas.
that's interesting.. Sounds dope
lind. Just find some for me n let me know the prices. Get my # from Ken. Thx
Can't wait until we open at 4 today. Looking forward to some great Bowl Games this weekend!
Bout to blast some music & write this Mo'Fo essay -_-
#Lakers fans usually are filled with love for our own. So is the case for the Fish ovation.
I already hava a box of Coors Light, don't need more commercials telling me to buy more PUT THE GAME ON!
apparently.... i leave a hell of an impression!!!!
S/o To My Nigga
oh...don't tempt me. I would totally love rent a puppy!!
Samsung S-Voice is a Siri rival for Galaxy S I - Android Community
Listen to our music or the kitten DIES.
Thanks for the TotD!
I'm dilating @ 1cm & Teagan is doing 1000% though So i won't complain this will be over in no time !
I see. Is it because I made that Alabama joke that one time? Lol
#NW Tropic Thunder
Facebook just spent a billion dollars on a patina filter.
Making a pit stop and an old man just informed me, "watch out boy...there ain't no crapper paper in there!"
Good Burger is on omg my life
that actually only makes 9 for Bama. They lie about the others.
did you get your dvds yet? are you gettin' sexy?
Congrats for your feature on Kickin' it with Kenny. Awesome location, awesome wears! Good job guys.
Watched an absolutely fascinating piece on beavers. I want a pet beaver.
The ratio of men to women who now watch the superbowl is 3 to 2. Women are coming around to the NFL in droves.
if your a beautiful freak then light the place up
Nine In The Afternoon - Panic! At The Disco. :D I'm loving this, so much good music! :D <3 haha
Thanks! Take a look at #11 :)
I got that bitch by the mind...Her mind is what the fuck i got, she can't stop thinking about me day or night..Mind control on these bitches
I get the best feeling in the world when you say hi or even smile at me because I know, even just for a second, that I've crossed your mind.
Welcome back to reality, where there are only 20 more work days of the year. What are we going to accomplish?
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
crap just stepped on and popped my ice pack..are you allowed to touch that stuff... its everywhere :(
We Will Never Let Justin Go <333
I need to do something soon that doesn't make me feel like an adult and doesn't happen in a nightclub.
Aww thanks Beautiful!!!
Thanks for keeping us informed. I think that was the saddest email this morning.
NDSA voted to ratify the organizing documents. Interested organizations can go to: www.digitalpreservation.gov/ndsaform
You got to turn up the radio
. You guys slayed Flammable last night! Kyle that percussion you were bringin. Fire! A & J, grooves 4 days!
me! someone should bring them back.
New GPG/SMUGs member perk: 15% off all (including Viveza2)! Check your perks page for the code.
I loved it too, over 100 animators.... Crazy
Ann....now just brutal.
one more follower and i donate now $60!!! to the breast canser foundation
Why on earth would you follow me? Have you lost your mind or are you simply masochistic? I deball RWNJ trolls for sport.
I saw "Bully" today. Take your kids to see it and if you don't have kids, see it anyway. Come on people, can we all get along?
your just fine
physics.....more like dhysics
not asking you to do anything. It came off as 'look at the freak' more than 'omg' to me, that's all. Thank you for clarifying.
When Princeton talks to Christmas With MY Girl >>>>>>>
Looking for #glutenfree dining in #DC? LiLLiES in #WoodleyPark offers a wide array of gluten free menu items to accommodate your every need!
Katy Perry wants to go country. You should do a duet with her. Instead of twang you'll have 'tune.
Oh, "The Amazing Spiderman" looks delicious and highly entertaining!
Amen, Chris. RT : "It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believe in myself." ~Muhammad Ali
Pray for abused and neglected children. Psalm 127:3. Children are a gift from the Lord; they are a reward from him.
<----- my idol aka the vocal master
Anybody going to see the ziggy stardust at the music box on thurs? Thinking about it.
trying to keep from getting distracted
My album sounds beautiful. I am so happy about it. And I had a rockin photo shoot so I'm feelin' good. Tired but good. So tired. So good.
you. are. the. man. Graduation May 12th, then a lot of things to figure out. Can't thank you enough for having my back this much
Haha! Sorry, Rick. #NoMoBigEast. At least u wont have to play Providence again. ": ESPN says UofL looking to move to Big12 or ACC.”
the variety of things you can do as an actor is amazing. Its gonna be so much fun. From drama to action, to comedy, to horror
thanks man. Saw CP3 for first time last night. Amazing.
Let's get this straight.. It annoys me when people hit me up on FB chat and log off without saying goodbye.
Ep 2, even better! Thought about diff segments? Maybe a "this day in music"? Or artist birthday? Or something cooler?
Enjoyed the article!
Fool<3 Did you use the Combined Gas Law for all the problems? Well, most?
awh it's okay B :)
u didn't bring the unigrowler?
JAIIII! FOLLOW P L E A S E!
Wow its been a longg day
5 more days and I'll be a starry-eyed Southern girl in the big NYC. Any more recommendations for a first time New York visitor?
Tonight's special: Hey Sloppy Joes! Vegan-friendly, served w/ potato salad & chips. Just $6!
RT : Santorum mentions "bottom" twice. Please keep your private life to yourself, Rick.
They just advertised KSR on WQMF.
What happened when the cannibal bit off a missionary's ear? He had his first taste of Christianity!
none of my followers know who he is when he followed me and TWEETED that he did they were like who that. Sad
haha omg xD and I think its totally cute & adorable that you Love Cats and kittens <3
your legs should be really fresh then - right? good luck and have fun. i'll be cheering for you.
Please pray for our show.
would love to see a copy of the ephemera paper; please share when you're ready.
I may look OK, but i am not. I might say i don't care, but i really do. I might say i don't love you, but that's not true <3
can I get one please
I'm not touching you!!
I'm so good with this, I remind you I'm so hood with this.
Got it! Welcome to Twitter! QT : Biggs - tell me if you get this.
shut up haha lol I see u right now science class sucks ughh im bored
looks more like a monkey...
I'll be here tho. Don't worry. RT : I have a new fear, fear of loosing you.
hey follow me please thk ;)
Spencer and Emily is trending...WOW
About to head to bed. Got some crap on my mind. Made a new video to on my main channel if you wanna check it out! :)
Everyone go follow please! She needs more followers! Thanks(:
It has just now set in...
wishes the most talented rhymers would all work together so we can all be rich and successful.
48 Hrs Mystery tonite...hoping they preview our show that will air next week...getting so excited!
you ever wake up irritated? I do
Philip EMBURY, a German speaking Irishman brought Methodism to America. Fascinating story, Google it.
Merry Christmas
R u saying he's technologically challenged? LOL
I can be manipulated only so many times; Before even "I love you" starts to sound like a lie
Yummy! Cherry pie for 'Pi' Day!
Will keep my eyes open for you--would be fun to meet up!
It's hard out here for a hypochondriac.
So ready for summer as well.
Joanie Griffin and Dea Rankin are headed to NM Business Weekly's Women of Influence Luncheon today.
stretch time
don't go. It's a trap!
Calvin Johnson, Demaryius Thomas have set bar pretty high (Megatron much more so) for Georgia Tech WRs. Good luck Stephen Hill
Owning a home gives a sense of belonging. Roots. A place in the community.A little place in the world for your family that’s uniquely ours.
June 5th?? 5 days before my birthday !!(:
spring break's gonna be over in like, 2 days. I HAVEN'T HAD ENOUGH SLEEP YET OIAHTASKJGN
working on the sdgrub website
cant wait to go home. wicked headache.... fml
what the hell are u on and why don't u join us for 8 game anymore?
hope u all follow me as soon as i think of a username an post it on here becuz i luv all of u guYz AND THERE WILL BE NOO SPAMM!!! LOL JS
Just because you have a mobile phone doesn't mean you should use it wherever you go as loud as you can!
Merry Christmas!!!
I'm bakkk unfortunately
totally reminded me of Serenity/Firefly a bit. Great rapport between characters. Ill be there Tues
hope to connect w/ this week
Someone make me foods!
#wla12 Susanne Markgren of Purchase College says get on Pinterest but don't forget to put signs in the rest room!
How to keep a true perspective of one's importance? Have a dog who will worship you and a cat who will ignore you. via
Back home from nyc and now its sleep time for me
Drew Carey brought idea of fans voting out the GM to the Seattle Sounders. Trend in #soccer, but don't see it going to the major 4.
Comedy Grind today...putting together clips for "The Bootlegs: Vol. 1"
Reggie!!!! I can't wait to see u too
Post News #Cameroon reporting that NDI, renown for election monitoring in Africa will not monitor Oct 9 Cameroon elections
Let's rage tonight!
Terry Harpold speaking: how can we really use those Sakai wikis?
Impressed by the U of Minn/ Mayo Clinic clinical study info. So it enters your bloodstream faster?
#Shoot! The only reason I will watch "Over The Limit" is the WWE Championship match between 2 former ROH Champions. Punk & Bryan.
Stir the imagination of audience with feeling and thought.
ugh why is Keri Hilson such a flop.
A man sooner or later discovers that he is the master-gardener of his soul, the director of his life. -James Allen
I would love to see him with the #Bucks, but they don't have that kind of money to throw at someone.
Dear men, if you're going to play a lot of women don't tell them you want only them. It'll blow up in your face and you'll be bitch slapped
Duh. Don't be such a buttinsky. I was complimenting you.
Yo I wanna Help you support "Monster" been a fan for YEARS Solomon!
that fml moment when you really have to pee & someone's in the bathroom.
I feel really sick
UH-O We Have A MuthaFuckin Problems.M.P.
i can tell you #finalcutprox is very user friendly:)
Apple Cinnamon Strusel Pancakes m!!
. Even if the contributions totaled just $1, it still shows legislation can be bought by outsiders.
Lunch #mykitchen what's for lunch, vegan burgur grilled with BBQ sauce and a salad.
Happy 4th of July! Go blow something up.
Space Jam?
love a bit of european emo rock before bed! ;).
Those that opinion matters least always have the MOST 2 say... Smh
Interview with Robyn O'Brien, founder of Allergykids.com, author of The Unhealthy Truth - live at 10AM on www.parentingunpluggedradio.com
RT reading Mon. at 6pm. She's insanely cool, equally nice & you should see her: jillianlauren.com/2011/09/pretty…
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 73
LOL my ears are fine.... the rest of my body not so much... earplugs ftw
oh I will I got a month to perfect my twerking. Haha
Our gifts though we have free will were meant to be used for the fullfillment of God's purpose.
Not with Dex on left side ... plus, he's not a great bunter. RT : Why doesn't dexter put a squeeze bunt on here?
Shout me out this is my new twitter, if you dont belive me ill call you.
iiiggghhhttt i will think
I have an sol tomorrow... not ready at all!
I had to cave in because I felt sorry for him.
Awesome ride yesterday!
Did you survive the rainstorms??
But we're excited 2 c u! MT : mixed feelings about school starting tomorrow, but so excited to complete my last semester at
Just Need To Stand On My Own Two Feet Right Now.
you better =p
has officialy moved in Miami. no, "BABY COME BACK, YOU CAN BLAME IT ALL ON ME"
this is why I hate Mondays lol!
This competition is getting hot!
SfAAs were awesome. Got to get some invaluable feedback on my paper, and got to see some of my friends present their research.
more dates posted...
This restaurant is a shitshow.
yeah! Love that tweet. :D
I'm glad you like it! Good luck on your vintage biz endeavor- if you come across anything shopping, send me pics for the blog! :)
What was that? Crabs??? Haha xoxo : ah! I hate you. you're in trouble come December 10th ;)
I think this last quarter is going to amp me up!
Excited to see what Apple stock does tomorrow. iPlummet
you guys better be making vlogs
And the Windows app is free for local use
You are super hot! Is there any one in the business you want to do a girl/girl scene with?
forever feeling unappreciated
Uh oh...I think I'm in love
This next spot is gonna be epic.
hey yuhr really cute
Thx for the
This bitch ass dude always needs some kind of help when he knows hes already been beatin
#Collaboration has unlocked a lot of value in success of the Conference and building the PAC-12 Network
I miss you too, sugar ;)
at least during commercials haha
Figuring out what to compete for and how long to compete for it is much easier in K-12 than it is after that. You know, in real life.
Two Words: SMASH TONIGHT!
Wade is going off on the Knicks tonight...where there is a Wade there is a way.
Thx Michael. Build #nonprofit #boards w a passion/resource combo--willingness to open that checkbook!
So blessed to have so many amazing individuals in my life. difficult day losing a loved one, but unknowingly they kept my spirits up.
idec that avocados aren't vegetables i am in love with
LIVE! #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Know The Importance Of #Knowing Each Other...Not Only #Desiring Each Other."
#ff GNE Members: (Did we miss anybody? List seems short.)
!!! RT“: Summer I'm gonna practice baseball that way when I come back to school I'll be way better than I did this year.”
Boy do I feel old. Watched my little sister graduate HS tonight. That was me 11 years ago.
Sending out an S So Blue!! The true last line of Message in a Bottle-and maybe the real message. Hm
Is it relevant, however, that the car industry relies on a number of smaller companies that were NOT failing?
I now have more followers than
you're way more into geek culture than I am.
Tru Blood is the best show ever...can i get a amen?
Coach said my hurdles were GREAT!
Hood! It's Tyler. Congratulations on the signing bro! Keep up the good work! Support your boy too. I'll be on a track. Haha
Ha. I was thinking the same thing. Hope no one ever snaps my desk in its common state...
The county gets tax revenues, new jobs & economic benefits while a private prison company runs the place and get a cut of the profits.
why no cute little thing for MKG?
Message of slutwalk: assault is never your fault.
there it is...Romney/Trump 2012...please!
aww I need to talk to u later ! Gtg right now , bye sister<3
Thank you chica!
what a glorious day for you! Congrats! I look forward to that :)
idk what my little brother think he doing.
Damn, Oprah really has a way of making you tear up.. that woman is amazing.
keep up the hard work man you looked real good today
I might be doing the same thing subconsciously...haha..
hey its Taylor from the bus
If we are to teach real peace in this world, and if we are to carry on a real war against war, we shall have to begin with the children.
..aww that's real, I miss you to.
So board and tired of the uncertainty in my life.
Great news! Got checked by scope & there is no more visible cancer ANYWHERE in my head. Still 3+ weeks of treatment left, but so worth it!
Madonna talks about taking her kids to while in town for the Super Bowl. Great choice!
Thanks and no lololol RT : Happy Birthday to (please change your twitter name lol) I love you :)
two git commits my mom would be proud of, nXhtml and python-mode.el.. Happy Mother's Day!!
So true... RT: " If I were to make a movie... I'd title it 111 A SEX ROBOTS to maximize its VOD potential."
I worry about those low income students who may not have needed devices
You should always be reading a book that will lead you to where you want to be.
thank you:) xx
was kinda surprised they weren't gonna stick with him against Laroche, had he not gotten Zimmerman
merry christmas to all!!!
yeah cause is lazy as fuck
{RT getting a ton of interest in volunteering for Girl Develop It- or follow-up w/me for details
Why in the hell can't I log in to see a PPV I PAID FOR?
Happy Mother's Day to all of the moms everywhere.
Don't worry guys....we got Doug Davis coming into Omaha to start work any minute now.
Forty. How did that happen?
lol!! Oh I was about to say hahaa
cool indeed.
Sounds like you're having way too much fun! Would you be available tmrw for an interview on LA NPR station on TCA?
just did :)
Me too! Can't wait! RT Excited to try tonight with my favorite ladies!
I bet you didn't see the Easter bunny throw up in his mask while holding a child today.
Contest will run all day, winner announced Friday morning: 1. What are three things that draw you to our fun and exciting Chic-I-Boom Ball?
Show your ability to change the world: Those bright, young men and women want to work for leaders who share their passion for changin...
It was a good one! RT So upset I'm missing DWTS tonight!
Mehhhh I'm always so tired. No matter what time I go to sleep.
MORNING!! how are you on this lovely Tuesday?
It feels so good to be on a little mini vacation !! Morning Tweeps :)
heck Yes! You should have seen me crying all over in 507! LOL at my house the 25th
oh winner, winner
I still have feelings for him. I can't even fake it no more.
Missed celtic,
Let's pretend this never happened.
Emerged from Bubble.Thrilled to find you here!
guys are bad
I think I liked Rachel the cat..wow, good times.
Saturday students, do not come to class tomorrow! LaGuardia has canceled all classes and events for August 27 and August 28.
quit facebook?
There's a thin line between being an early bird and being an idiot.
you're kidding me! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
How was lunch? We should have lunch sometime, if ya like.
let me know how u did I'm supposed to go sat.
Lie down love, lie down. I will sing you a lullaby.
Congratulations Alex!
Congrats Dan Menelly, '10-'11 , on being named VP of STEM Education at Liberty Science Ctr !
Q1: it also means eliminating achievement gaps and all students reaching their full potential
#nowplaying tom petty
Had a dream I was an Argonian.
don't worry he's going to bring it.
Do u have a super creative co-worker who dressed up for #Halloween today? Let us know and maybe we'll come by to take a photo.
I got an email today from "Coach" Nate Leaman informing me "Friar Hockey Challenges You." To which I say: IT'S ON NATE LEAMAN. IT. IS. ON.
But mommy the emperor isn't wearing any clothes
as the deer lantern for the water...... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Dance party for one to <3333
thank. Hit me with a follow and join the fam :)
Lol people really know how to irritate me <.<
Unnecessary drama <
Just got a #heroku account on Wednesday! Very interested now!
safe travels, miss holmes!
Target has become my favorite store.. Sorry walmart
Lane-wedge:When a driver is forced to slow because wedged between entering traffic merging too slowly & traffic on the left that has sped up
RT : Only in DC can u mention ur a software devloper in a bar & get pitched 1000 ideas. Developers r harder 2 find than $
You realize of course you'll get lots of people spelling it with a "p" if you do that.
Loving this weather! And ready for a New Year!!!
Choose not to settle. Pursue your God-given goals, knowing it’s never too late to accomplish everything God has placed in your heart.
But I was -_- hey,dude where is your fruit phone?
#UpgradeYourPhoneToLumia I thought at first it said LUMPIA. hahaha !!
thanks daddy ;)
Happy Easter Everyone! Always remember: It's not Easter unless some one cries trying to find their basket! (me)
Bravo to Brentwood, you handled a group of very chatty and inattentive people with care; we had a great lunch!
don't understand
Oh , #1 Girl Tour Dates Were Released ? Thats Waddup . Someone Tell Me If They Hittin' Up Vegas !
It's still Practice Friday. Do what you gotta do to prepare. :)
happy belated Mothers Day :-)
I wonder if Mayweather gon cures him out tonight...
Keep calm and love
I need to get more confidence..
Well, I missed the supermoon so as a trade-off, I'm gazing at my butt in the mirror.
Im gonna check that book out , thanks for the follow, and congrads on your success
Today started with a dentist appointment; and will end with leading worship at a Kids Camp. It will be Eligible for "Most Improved Day". ~AZ
Watching Up before bed... #dontmindifido !
I've been their before yeah it's not too far from me
Also wish a Happy Birthday to Pat Summerall and Chris Berman of ESPN!
I am pretty sure they will stay here
I'm excited for you guys to BE in New York. I said that ever since I found out yall were doing shows over here. ;)
can u follow back plZ
The favorite is back! Try today's special: the Salmon Burger w/ Soy Mayo! Fish made by Minnesotans for Minnesotans! Yeah. We do it the best!
Yeah, I kinda LOL'ed when I was typing that out.
yayy i got a new tv in my room.
Hooray! Beastiality finally illegal in Florida!
la la la la...lalala la la la
#thingsifindattractive some one who isn't afraid to show her real face without make up
Monster kills Milton!
What You Doing Mhy Friend.
Jacob Martin tonight at the Blue Fox, alcohol, music, and great food. Come check it out!
I learned 3 yrs ago that #BlackFriday, they advertise big deals and then stock stores with small quanity, hoping you show up and still shop.
You already know!!!!
Remember Trayvon Martin. He would have been a great Father,Husband,Son,Brother,Nephew and CEO. GOD will prevail and Justice will come soon.
Do NOT take 163 south its backed up for miles!
good night twitter. i love you.
What I like is the implication: That it's somehow less vile to beat the crap outta someone as long as you're polite about it.
I'm not above pretending to be a lesbian for a free shot
ok cool er was my shit
aaw thank you(:
Playing tonight at The Building in East Nashville! 8pm! followed by Gimmie shelter rolling stones tribute
Check out Nextdoor tonight on at 8 p.m. in the Bay Area
I have a cough! It sucks big time :(
happy #FF to - can't wait for Part 1 of our interview on Sunday!
Last night at shu! Watching movies with the best friend
is suited up & inside the Best Buy BIODOME. After a red-eye flight & a clark kent in an airport bathroom, we's rollin. trying to sound sane.
lol duh! It'll have diff kinds of DNA! :)
You're such a slut lol
Engaging SEN pupils through film: How film can cross the barriers associated with many learning disabilitiesI've..
I'm thinkin of you, that's all I do all the time, you're always the first and the last thing on this heart of mine
Love my b ball. Going offline now, game is on bbl
*blushes* Thanks :)
happy birthday sis wish you the best and many more years to come <3
"You're quitting school?"- Lisa "Dropping it like a melon off an overpass."- Nelson
Thank you lots!
Tonight really showed me who my true friends are..
I miss my future husband so much.
thanks for sharing we'll check them out :)
Quit sitting up there in the bleachers. Come on down on the field. Suit up! Roll around in the dirt! Take a chance on missing a pass, fu…
What do you do there?
is there a raindate?
I found out who my stalker is !!
Waiting gets increasingly harder over time.
Wale tweeted he fried off yellow Nuvo on the rocks, my guess he prolly shouldn't kick it wit us
RT next time I'm just going to build every #Drupal site on ...it's #easymode and makes life so much better
Azians trip me out...do u want the deluck or regoolar!!?? Haha
Just finished Teddy Bear Tea at the Ritz. Now waiting for Kringle's Inventionasium. Fell in the parking garage. Raise your hand if surprised
- Lack of pedagogical training is seen as problematic & TAs feel unsupported in using learning technologies.
I know where you came in, went there going through on props from GSP alot
Pretty product gets higher click rate v. inspirational story on TOMS shoes site every time
Its cool, she found it in the list and found!
same with Montero. Liked that single he hit. looked like pujols for a sec.
Nice. Enjoy Restaurant Eek! tehehe
we need to kick it whenever you available (&) get time to move around
I txted u thiss morning so youll be gettin a cute one when u do =p but aree you tryinn to come over today?
Important to not be the copyright heavy, remix culture, don't want to limit student learning
It's a lot easier for someone to see your point if you don't try to stick it in their eye.
:'( I couldn't have handled that. My father was taken very suddenly. I'm sorry to hear you are going through that.
LMS for a rate
I get you :) I was just sayin a little about why I love her. I could go on forever! :)))))
Grateful for the drum lessons, good weather, and today.
when takes hours on the other line <<< hurry up ! lol !
is so invincible that instead of pads or uniform he uses Body paint and a Cup for protection in games
Come out tonight to take our Art of seduction class 8:30-9:30 at get your sexy on
but tweeting is so much more fun
Clearly lunch meats are our final vodka-infusion frontier.
of course :) i passed all your notes to our ruby guys, hopefully you'll see some improvements in the near future.
word up. U still hoop?
Your the best character on VICTORIOUS <3 BIGGEST FAN !! & Yor really PRETTY !
how long before you start preparing for the better half race.
So who wants to buy my house? Met with our realtor--it should be listed by Monday!
Congratulations - you will do a fabulous job!!
TOPFLIGHT I GOT 25 NEW BEATS.... TREES I GOT GOT YOU........
is Nestor going to try and choke the shit out of him? I hear he likes to do that to people.
nope! that's not me. I shouldn't be your only friend to send you storms and rain and all that nature-filled stuff ;)
Windy City Wedding Show selling out. David's Bridal, Men's Wearhouse, The Knot, 847-774-8910 to exhibit. www.windycityweddingshow.com
I need to get out of this funk.
It opens in May. Stay tuned for updates. RT : I keep hoping that this is the day opens at the MSP airport.
Przybilla says his ankle has been bothering him for about a week. Plans to play tomorrow vs Dallas. Officially listed as day-to-day.
Hahah. You whore. Stop lying. You have a baby. (I'm just kidding. Lol.)
RT - #ESPN, ever the patriots haters, write an article that Tom Brady isn't liked in New England. The are a continutal emb...
I like what you are doing for downtown asu. How about a follow in case someone needs a locksmith.
Biomass & crops for animals as damaging as [burning] fossil fuels
2nd night at UW ER this week. Starting to feel at home. Like that old guy's home with the weird antiseptic smell.
thanks so much for coming out Sandy. Sorry we didn't get to talk much
just being chris
I think she likes her b/c she's warm. But she also gets up & hangs out w/ me during middle of night feedings. Not sure why!
That was big boy stuff.
I'd #rapeandpillage Saturday, but there is SO MUCH going on, gonna be hard to figure out
yes! I'm getting a hoop to practice.
also animal porn.
MOON BOT SEX SIX FLAGS RT : The NBA has surpassed 5 million Twitter followers, easily the most for a pro sports league.
Need website models in the Houston/Austin area. Maternity, babies, events, headshots, engagement, bridal, etc. Message me if interested
I swear I pray one comes through!
We love for supporting our Kid's Campus transportation for 2012. The kids love all of the event we take them too!
AUSTIN PLEASE COME TO MEXICO! #MexicanMahomies NEEDS YOU IN MEXICO!
SAVASANA will be playing in Singapore at the 24th Singapore International Film Festival in a few hours!
I still love you too
Giving birth is like taking your lower lip and forcing it over your head
Productive morning so far. Headed out to go fishing, call me if you need me. Yesterday caught a trophy walleye while fielding a bball call!
Jamming to Dio. Miss ya
Dear Lacey, leave my friends alone. leave my guy friends alone. and yes you'll get slapped if you lookin HOE. (;
you are the bane of my existence.
RT Last day at
Let's go!!!! RT : I need followers, who got me?
Yeah wow! She's pretty nice.
Good morning!
find it please
lol doing great! How r u?
Congrats on the first day at the new job! #inspirato vacations here we come! :-)
Jealous of & 't wait for tweets of your ATL adventures & !
I really have to start watching #NewGirl I only saw a little bit but it looks so funny.
*~I am stronger because I know my weaknesses. I am wise because I know I've been foolish. I laugh because I've known sadness."
Your great not sure how I could talk to someone so cool that I just meet .one word bromance haha lets be bestfriends hahaha
tells me he spent $700 today on artwork and a decorative moose for our condo. Great, so we're now THOSE guys. #twitterbinge 7/24
last day for the #fmfgt!!
Chicago just tied it up 3-3 in the third period.
The smell of sex!!!
Tomorrow we'll share out 10 ways to know you are going crazy at #drupa - use #xeroxdrupa to tell us yours!
It's been such a busy day! How's everyone doing so far? How's that #PMA?
Studying some wine at
“: Rough Day in History: Lincoln shot, Titanic hit iceberg, & Great Plains saw worst dust storm of Dust Bowl era.” + I was born
We lost 2 best players , I like to see your team with out 2 best players !!!
did you mean "soa" what ?
ugh Damn you Crucible Essay
Surprised to say that I actually kind of like this whole live tweeting thing. But only once a year.
last night's deli show was awesome thanks to bands n folks who could make it: rawking,psycho drama,crazy homeless people,laughs,& madness :)
Thank you!!
refuses to tolerate anymore lies from Obama haters. I love my president. He's doing a good job. He's American. You suck!
Service with a smile sure makes a big difference.
Happy Mothers Day
Hi Stuart--resent you the story idea email today. Thanks so much for your interest, look forward to hearing from you!
I haven't watched it yet! I haven't watched like half the season :/
I was thinking about drawing you and the guys and bring them to your concert w/ BTR on March 3!!
We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory. Cicero
watupdoe we in the studio for sat at what time?
did i just lose ? yes i did.
I didn't but they sell them at candy shops and even on amazon...
RT : Why is it easier to believe 150,000,000 Americans are being lazy than 400 Americans are greedy?
Big change in temperatures and rain chances for tomorrow. Details moments away on
I was thinking the exact same thing! But yes you will still have me! Ha
Amazing Production of last night. keep up the amazing work,
Happy New Year to you as well!
use leechblock to avoid common online distractions.
Timbers truck is here. Try the new soccer game on the wii system with a massive screen! Prizes to be won!
someone that loves u for who u are and never judges u >>>
Would love to see a guide to re-image using Ultimate, since it only is offered with Home, my method isn't working...
I would love to meet jenna marbles she lives really close to me
The beauty and difficultly of faith is trying to explain it.
porn and nudes are just trashy common nowmake it special do it in person
Positive thinking won't let you do anything but it will let you do everything better than negative thinking will. -Zig Ziglar
It's a natural fit. Lots of sectors call NYC home. Ultimately it's about solving problems.
& you guys bring on some awesome authors to your webinars.. don't ever stop!
's your opinion of #heartattackgrill downtownlv? have you been yet?
what u doing today? Its a tattoo party today, I dont know if I'm going yet though...
Awesome! Thank you for supporting us AND our friends :)
I want to follow more people on ! Followers, send me your links or follow suggestions!
Man I ate too much at Red Lobster.
R,I.P Dick Clark!
Every Wednesday 2 for 1. Bring in a friend thats getting an identical service and pay for Only 1!
Stay tuned to 1490 ESPN "The Zone" this week to find out where we'll be next week as our coverage of high school football continues!
It only takes a mustard seed. What will you do with your seed?
Now that I'm home I should probably start this project, huh?
I'm taking clients for facials ($9-14) at the salon at Santa Monica College. It's a great deal and I'm only there a few more weeks!
Follow me pleasee . ?! :)
I hope that's not one of them
baking a green velvet cake.
Art museum is closed today, but next best thing? RT : dudes, we're open until 10p tonight. let's do this 4th of July.
I know.... how friggin' funny is that!
I'm excited to follow the rest of In Blackness series.
you are an amazing dancer i finally got to see u dance live on november 8 u guys were amazing <3 a true inspiration
OMG. searched youtube for videos of 's #BTWB. All I can say, I cant wait till the US Leg of the tour! :)
lmao. do you have a license though?
*wine. My win goes in chalices.
Yeah believe me, you won't even remember half of the stuff that went on there once you're gone as long as I've been haha
been trying, nursing a small stack for hours
thanks for the follow!
funny. and i have purchased both of those fairly recently.
"It looks like you've hit a following limit." << Really #twitter?? Cuz we did not follow anyone last couple of days?
Watching TMZ in bed
Sorry 4 the Wait mix tape makes me so psyched for summer.
They say I'm crazy.. Na I'm shwayze
just saw..so sorry for your loss...time can only heal..she will still live in your music ;)
“: studio time w/ and the other 2 that aren't on twitter! #stayZupa” get it get it
Too extreme a punishment or not enough?
However, for continuing drug users, you might not even know they’ve been using something prior to dealing with them
"Listen for God's voice in everything you do, everywhere you go; he's the one who will keep you on track." -Proverbs 3:7 (MSG)
If you asked me if I love him, I'd lie.
Oh, that is a favorite of many (including me!). Enjoy!!!
Rain rain go away
well, there are more school kids than adults!
I'm ready for a drink!
“Sunny days, party nights, hot guys water fights, pretty hair, tanned skin schools out summers in <U+2665>”
RAPALA&#39;S INTERIM REPORT FOR JANUARY TO MARCH 2012: CHALLENGING WINTER IN NORDIC COUNTRIES DEPRESSED SALES AND PROFITS ...
yepp and I'm going to a private concert 2moro!
4 threes in OT?? damn...
Thx bra! RT : Guitarist Rez Abassi was totally burning on 's aptly named "Killer".
and - Just testing this out. This is cute. You two are tweet-astic. Merry Christmas!!!
I dont know if this barking im hearing outside is a dog or a human....
RT New post: Fitness Guru Shawn Phillips Reveals The Truth About Nutrition Shakes
I LOVE U , YOUR CHRISTMAS ALBUM IS AMAZING ! (:
Spoken by the rich, privileged and those not victims of Al-Qaeda
Mom is acting really weird today. Calls me, looking for #Number2Son, tells me she wants to come home. To borrow $ from my sister for cabfare
She said yes.
Thanks for the mention! We're preparing to launch our new Premium Performance cream-mousse foundation. We'll have two lines-
Im late! RT : RT will be installing cell phone charging kiosks around midtown #Miami shops in late March!
oh noes! DM us with your referral code and we'll drop in some credit :)
All shows have been moved to the Shadowplay Lounge in the Woodlands, next show-(7/27) Gwen Stacy, Lower D, Mozart Season, A City Serene!!
Thursday night! Heat's destruction of the Knicks will be embarrass-lin!
Please follow , the official Twitter account of the late screen legend James Coburn updated by representatives of his estate!
Ask them if they have any Gandhi like circular/round glasses!
searching for DAIRY PLANT MANAGER candidates; BAKERY FOOD SAFETY MANAGERS and BAKERY PRODUCTION SUPERVISORS. send resume to
At this point chopping off my thighs completely would be ideal
Things you can't get in Syracuse: Tacos al pastor, Shiner Bock beer.
I don't have that cash!!!
do you erase tweets? I'm waiting to throw you a party for tweet 300,000.
Great being at the Seneca Station for the #onedayhike this morning. Good luck, hikers!
going to bed, been thinkin about mom all day.
Head back to hurting now
What did the idiot do to the flea in his ear? Shot it!
What's your all time favorite Mexican dish? We'd love to hear!
Forgot to give a shout-out to for the new #twitter background. Our names everywhere. Stoke the ego Ray...stroke it.
61 followers .. mhm .. How can I get more? Any ideas ?
I agree with you. It is all about money. . . And advertising.
ok cool
Your God's got No Cash. -Jed Broitman
Smart man --->>RT : Pizza Hut is TERRIBLE! I'm a pizza guy! RT What a fresh morning in
do u wanna hear wat i got on
Renegade bitches!
I think everyone needs to expierence at least one not so great relationship. It makes you appreciate the right guy so much more. :)
Idk why I like dirty convos....just do
Isaan? oh never heard of it...
i think you're fine you really blow my mind maybe someday you and me could run away i just want you to know i wanna be your romeo hey juliet
Had fun tonight. now I got a headace. /:
Happy thanksgiving. Hope everyone is having a great day.
If you could have sex with any of your followers who would it be lol ?
writing papers for bad honors classes is the worst.
All hats on sale just today $25 the entire store 20% off so come & get your gear
She thinks I'm like the worst daughter whenever I tell her the truth
happy father's day everybody!
Thanks for stopping by, ! What flavor did you get?
No matter how good I get, I always want better.
The Slavoj Zizek - Joan Rivers connection???
significance to correspondences of all sorts while attributing too little significance to quite conclusive but l” ~John Allen Paulos
New Years Eve hosted by The Swinging Richards and DJ Malone only $10 general admission includes party favors!
yeah the spring/early summer in DC is amaze. The rest, not so much, but I do prefer it over being cold all the time :-)
I'm an MBA.... so I'm with u equating #fundraising to customer service and sales. Mission is the bottom line.
Cigarets and running do not mix. Fuck me.
Rep. Ruben Hinojosa - Federal investments made a world of difference for migrant students and English Learners
Started new course to learn a new programming language. #Geeked out and so excited.
Prepping for an audition tomorrow morning. Then to the hardware store to get better materials to put under our sinking rain barrel. Hyeah.
Hey Bengals you got your fans to finally show when u gonna do the same??????
/usr is hosed on my notebook. Fantastic!
Hey guys go follow us on twitter!
Early mornings allow for moments like this: breakfast together at the table, followed by her singing les Mis ballads at the piano. Love.
The skeptic says, "I'll believe it when I see it." The mystic says, "I'll see it when I believe it."
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently. -- Henry Ford
I've always thought of a "pop up dinner" as being something more underground. Bang out service and dissappear.
okay and ima give you a big hug and carry you. (X
Love your analysis, great article.
Don't let go too soon, but don't hang on too long.
Tommy Prestarri is so fine fo real doe!!!(:
Hey Harry, I Just Love how your so funny and sweet........... One Direction Rocks!!!! Please Follow Me...
:o okay! :) oh my damn...hold me! .__. #imscareddd Where are u?
I hate onions :(<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Wine night do over, but this one is on the roof! It's so nice out.
aw. Saw you on TV at Grammys & you looked radiantly beautiful. Just for the record. + Free People is overpriced.
you can have any fucking kind of language you wish motherfucker donut don't mind me..
Hey , if we let you light something on fire can we be #BurghVerified, too?
okay be ready for me baby
if her heart beats, I always find it ...
The Wisconsin recall election is more of a face off between mobilized-workers versus outside-spending than Democrats versus Republicans
Holy crap Google+ looks gorgeous on my mobile today.
Coming up wit a master plan
RT Wow - that's a ballsy penalty to call!!! / Two minutes left in a tied game 7. Unbelievable.
if so, why the need for a seal? To protect the other garbage from the period blood?
Timbers Army is seriously loud.
see I'm driving but it's my moms car and she's crazy.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!
How about a challenge? .200 min RT : The Brewers need to cut I bet you could hit at least .168!
Sigh. I really liked , but now that they've stopped allowing premium rewards for early adopters I'll have to let it go.
RT : Don't trip she gotta be able to control it. Niggas thirsty everywhere.
Their sons are languishing behind bars in despair & pain but they don't care. With their cars, houses & bling-blings, they like it like that
Enjoying "spirited" discussion about #Brewers bullpen today on D-List show.
great place!
6 Billion People In The World, 6 Billion Souls, But Sometimes All You Need Is One. <3
Message me back on kik?? Please?(:
Hurry & get your booth today! www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com Dallas Houston Ft. Worth & Arlington!Windows and doors to ceilings and floors!
the incredible arrived and the laggard just leapfrogged.
a line that makes a circle? Lol jk
NYC-Based Mobile Tech Startup bMobilized Lands Funding From Two Established European Venture Capital Firms
1 ridic apt thing done, 3 more to go.
Sometimes simply asking questions satisfies the mind. Getting a satisfying answer is better still.
": Some people just sleep with anyone. #damn" duh!! You just figuring this out!!!
SFU on 31 to 6 run and I picked them to win
I'd be 110% happy if I never have to go through another moving process ever again ........
i followed
2 days away from saying goodbye to Wisconsin and hello to Chicago!
lol alligator boots too, don't trip, he was ready!
Lovin' the gorgeous sunset over Nashville.
THANK YOU and Jan Cuny, without the two of you today would not have been possible.
so, it's really hard to finish a project with dilated eyes... #BlurryVision I have to get glasses.
HEY! Plz Follow For Me Ill Follow You! They Need FOLLOWERS!!!
Ha...Weave Master Degree
Geez all Tebow did was taking a losing team to the playoffs...
What are you inking over there, lady?
hey gota tell you about the weekend. BTW got a court order for a judge to sign. Back on a plane again in a day.
It always feels like it's going to be a more productive day when I can clean out all my inboxes before 9am.
don't forget to enter the name of your charity for it to count!
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?x38
I am always amazed when MSM picks a Black Church leader to speak for ALL Blacks on LGBT.
Hey math, do you know that nobody likes you??
one way to spice up monday lol
Andrew Bynum is awake! First "keys to victory" box checked.
Putting work early in the A.M since I can't tonight
You want to make her happy? It's simple. Listen to her. Hold her. Love her like she's the only woman in the world.
oh and I'm sorry I couldn't make it today!...my dad got home at 7:30 today so I didn't have a ride!
is some dope shit. Representing Princeton?
Drupal Drush is your best friend for module updates! Takes the pain away...
Play the game, beat the game, change the game.
New rotating waffle iron score, waffle iron 2: me 1.. anyone know of a GREAT brand? Wife 5 kids to feed.. I can't afford disasters like this
Sometimes trying to do too much will have you doing too little
All people do is tweet or post pictures of themselves with their boyfriend or girlfriend. It makes me wanna boyfriend sometimes...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
will do tomorrowv
there's no way that movie will ever be finished. It's just like the halo movie They made enough to have a trailer that's all
" do you see the scar on my chest , im hurting "
I love and 's characters' friendship on
fuck you I called you
#Yankees vs O's
Welcome Suffolk Cleaning
our room is gon be craaaaay (:
Ha! (-: Yes! First, from where can we finagle a searchlight...
Joe needs to get Demi back. Not Taylor.
When I'm looking at BR, what are the best stats to judge a P? WHIP and SO/BB? And based on IP?
Happy Mother's Day weekend to all the mothers around the world-whether you birthed someone out or you just help care for someone...
My pleasure! Can't wait to finally meet you!
30 minutes or less
Good cup of coffee. Good morning.
Good Win Cubbies
come see us in Regent Square!
Crazy nite... At the waffle house then I'm going 2 bed
gratuitous (unnecessary) would be offensive. Also sexist if in the vein of male humor that makes women uncomfortable.
Keep the cell phone waiting area right were it is. Just got buzzed by two fighter jets.
Happy Birthday twitter style!
My guess is on your worst day, you're still pretty damn awesome. That you care enough to be scared ups your awesome value.
Cant wait to see my other half n 20 minute mwah
CONGRATULATIONS JEREMY I ALWAYS KNEW YOU COULD DO IT AND TONIGHT I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU ACCEPT THAT DIPLOMA YOU DESERVE SO VERY MUCH
Happy birthday mom!! Thank you for everything so glad I could spend the day with you and family :)
At University Of Berkeley and it's sunny! San Francisco photographer bay area napa wedding commercial videographer silicon valley
thank ya! Glad you enjoyed it
terrible prank...kinda wished the raiders would've gotten you...no picks for them tho. Good luck.
But how's that ever going to change if people don't apply there? You can't criticise a uni for not having 'people like us'...
You girls be sure to take a Port Authority bus home!
Top 3 in :30 coming up next
Reminder to get your tickets to see Chicago tonight!
Just now waking up for school. Ha
very inappropriate but am sure u guys are the same height!!!!! -_________-
If your a female i bring home to meet my mom, we're dating!! End of story.
It's #Friday #Boston...what's waking you up this morning? Iced coffee from !!
Don't consider what the world requires; consider what makes you shine.
"Trey, you should tweet that." - "No. I gotta focus on my knee"
Praying for peace and blessings for each and everyone for you. Happy Sunday!
Happy Saturday everyone! Another erfect day for Piunkberry!! Stop by one of our three locations and see us!
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!#LiveMyLife<U+2665>66
HAHA! ... ya, screw that guy and his pretty snatch
"You can give someone the winning lotto numbers and they still won't hit the jackpot"
Yes smh...I'm good tho. Just always on edge lol
I have built social communities using 3 different products over past 5 years. Viewing Jam now. WOW.
Naytive.com is the best
How can that be I'm pretty sure that's my new house.
Happy Canadian Thanksgiving! :)
Recoup complete. Week 5 runs this week :-) halfway to my first goal!! Woot
I just want this day to be over with lol. Track meet then last Greek dance practice before the festival
No, but we might!
Today in the #NBA: closes, sucks.
Thank you St. Louis! Tonight was a lot of fun. fucking rule. See you @ penny road pub tommorow night!
Don't be afraid, You'll be amazed at all the ways that I can show you what you've missed, Just close your eyes, and watch this.
I should probably be sleeping right now...
GREAT choreography rehearsal for the 1940's show tonight!! 3 hours on my feet in heels....hurts so good!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Heartfelt thanks for taking the time to offer such kind feedback--it means a lot to all of us here. Best of luck w/your writing!
wow they finally opened up a frozen yogurt place in bronxville and it was actually good
RT You cant be that closed minded to be scared to go to a gay club.
Happy friday :)
The day follows me, i'm going to buy an I Love Honey Cocaine sweater and wear it to school <3
Christmas cheer ideas: do some shopping, make cookies with my Christmas elves, watch some movies...feel free to contribute
I hate projects -_-
what is it called if the flu lasts 48 hours twice? I still feel like hell. Bright side, great diet
told myself i'd never again eat "less fat, more corn syrup" processed peanut butter like product, but it's all my boss has. PROBLEMS, MAN.
Missing Chuck already? Check out Spy on Hulu. Not better than Chuck. But far better than nothing at all
It Ain't Nothing But Dudes Doing This
Ha! Just realized Mayor Menino might be a perfect stand in - we should make this happen.
They were supposed to get back today! I haven't talked to her yet though. I'm so excited, was counting down....
No, I saw your posts prior. I know his lefty splits are bad, but we needed that ground ball.
Those I have made. Yummy, and such a feeling of frugality!
We really hate that we have to have a certain amount of likes to announce big news/bring you guys new music. It bums us out. :(
getting things together for the event tonight!
“ I kissed a PUG and I liked it. ”
im so happy i finished that extra credit last night cause im staying for this test & ima need some help. lbs.
Thanks for following me Im a photographer/graphic designer make sure yall follow my page check out on FB
Could this take any longer? Stop partying and watch your own kids!
I am cueing up the Bootsy Mac!!!
#COSIGN RT : I'd rather argue with you on a daily than be with anyone else
At the Monona Dream Park with Carsten and Pretty cool place and zero tornadoes so far.
I love watching little kids race MX because their helmets are big on them and they look like bobble heads... xD
Thought it was ironic to see a sign that said "No guns allowed, not even if you have a CHL" at a gun show this weekend. =)
OMG my is awesome!
I'd cut everybody but Von if it were up to me. We blow.
thats legit bro!
“: just gave it to in 2k”I wrote that ur going to our practice on face book so u better be there.
OH DEAR HEAVENS
hi :D
The less you associate with some people, the more your life will improve..The keyword here is SOME!!!
lt'll take a long time to learn how to root my Galaxy U,Which makes me put off having a superuser Permission in adroid until Feb 26.
Me and WILL NOT REST until and FOLLOW US!!
I swear all I think about is pussy and money! Lito
This really reminds me of the Lakers game last night. Every time the Lakers got close, the Nuggs pulled away. Same with OKC-Dallas.
LOL yeah it left Austin 2 hrs ago, guess it's going the speed limit
Dusting off and polishing up the ol' resume today! And it's looking pretty damn good! :)
gota get back on my twitter game now that all my homework is done for the week,
Excited and anticipating! Bless you... Ur welcome!!!!
Happy Mother's Day!!! :)
When I see females with a bunch of mirror pics, I wonder how many shots did they take before gettin that perfect shot.....
Hosting the #costar #buildingratingsystems panel in #Indianapolis with some brilliant people.
Ghost tours and the stake out in LaGrange are over, haunted houses are over - time to dig out and book some new investigations :)
"You must be smoking Dutch cleanser."- Arlen Specter. LOLWAT?
Oh goodie, cuz i was really hoping to seduce the boys of twitter. RT : that's hot
Property taxes are a violation of property rights anyway...there shouldn't be one! Be bold Governor
Continuing with that thought earlier... The right people that are good influences and are focused on moving forward.
is running against papa bear! If you want the stevekingisms to stop, please give her all of your support and money.
the only saved file is on 3/6/12 which I assume is my import from ME2
just so I can get fat and eat all different types of food lol
I wanna meet
Note: When copying & pasting text found online into your paper, making hyperlinks black doesn't actually remove the hyperlink.
#10thingsIFindAttractive 8. A girl who is a UK basketball fan
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher for the new year! Please see my website: www.filmproces0130.m…
which dress do u like the pink summer dress or the red one
Midnight photo shoot last night for Sylva Dean & Me. Involved multiple wedding dresses and a parachute! On display fri @ white xmas!
You're the girl that makes my speakers go boom boom
Foul by Magic with 2.2 secs to go?!? What?
George Centeno & Dj Tatiana "Beautiful Day" available May 5th on Beatport. Can't Wait!
my new song is Love Faces - Trey Songz ;)
I'll be on the radio with Larry Ahrens on 1550 KBTL this Thursday morning, 9 AM, talking about APPCityLife - join me if you can!
Early morning tweets have a fresh charm. Even manic sounds like a robin.
And we're switching to a new hashtag.
#winning RT : I feel like I annoy people.
do you have any links you can send us of your previous work?
I'm feeling really grateful for highlighters today.
Right. But you should love even more the fact that you have a boss --> job ;)
ALWAYS!!! The pictures always look professional so I thought maybe your hubs had an eye for a good shot :) Always fun to see!
New year, new faces, new things, new places.
It's a rainy Good Friday morning. Eggs are boiling to be colored later. Lamb cake mold is ready for annual workout :-)
At the DC Statehood campaign launch.
how'd you do it?
we got a extra tix if u wanna go
thanks so much man was an awesome show!
Ooch. The AWP panel deadline is kiiling me. Doesn't AWP know that Grub Street's Muse conference is this weekend?
he may be too inhibited from campaigning, but would still be a great booking, but tough for writers
Didn't realize canton/akron airport was so far from Cleveland!! Sheesh
When's the last time a MKE County Executive was elected Governor? When's the last time a Wisconsin Governor was recalled?
RT : Taking yo clothes off don't make you a model..... Or an actress.
LMFAO I JUST DIED
Flyer promotion is hard...s/o to all the promoters grinding
yes I saw it when it came out on dvd
Checking out my new #HuluPlus subscription. App interface needs some work.
Check back with us and throughout the day as the times and locations come in for the high school playoff games this weekend
At Loonees for some comedy with the NAPA ladies!
Your living the California dream right now, enjoy the ride. You went from the east coast to the west coast just like tupac.
Come to the Maui Mall and get fit for FREE. We're having Zumba on Friday night at 6:30 p.m.
Dementors, of course, could chaperone the chaperones. "You underpaid that hooker? Then I destroy your soul!..."
How pumped was that #paulmartin scored thooo??
tears, tears, tears and more tears. It never stops
Hey Gerald! Thank you for having us - we had a BLAST. 826 rules!
Change is good and in praying for God's will in your life - be prepared to move and be moved as the ability to change is God's perfection.
I always love good morning texts they always brighten my day too bad he'll never see this tweet):
Flowers are nuts
Taking a trip to this Friday! I can't wait..... Gonna show them my talent on the turntables
Dallas doesn't know what's coming
Why don't you answer mee? :(
Follow me is a Awsome account related to Porn ;P
same here Jill..please let me know if there's anything I can do for you
RT : Today is the big day, we finally open ! Come check us out!! Good luck
Indiana Journalism Hall of Fame will induct 5 new members Saturday: Skip Hess, Mark Ferree, Steve Kroft, Kate Milner Rabb, & David Weaver.
Excited for the in NYC tomorrow! Anyone else going?
I've never been with a woman that wore the pants in the relationship cause I like my chicks in mini skirts.
Buffalo Chicken Mac from and Chicken Tikka Spice Box from HAPPY FRIDAY TO ME!! :D
Good game cards! Ready for Friday!!
nahh, just dm me your number
love you mom!!!
I need to find something to do 4th of July :/
1-0! wins again. Goal for Marco!
swagger all day! if cole had
Family travel can be hectic! Join next Monday to chat about mishaps, midadventures & random acts of kindness!
thank you for following
Thinking someone else will help? Others are thinking it too. Where does that leave us? The status quo got us our problems-lets change that!
Respectfully, that line of reasoning makes no sense. Bad policy=bad policy, regardless of weather over/under (bogus) budget.
you look like a mouse <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AD>
Movie night with the fam.
Just realized the AMAs were on! Ok, I guess I'll watch.
so jealous! One of the best bands live!!!
Good day Milwaukee! Enjoy it while you can!
: thank ya muchly! YOU always make my day!
OK after looking into it turns out it was The Asylum, purveyors of your favorite syfy-channel schlock movies like PRINCESS OF MARS.
Reap the benefits of planning ahead - 50% off tax preparation from Convenient Tax Services, only on www.crowdclick.com!
Make sure you get insurance for it before you leave the lot. Call us, we can get you quotes done right, quick! 206-783-1986
Real friends leave you weird text messages to wake up to. I love it.
I Need A Charger! My Phone Is Dyin <U+2639>
What r u going to accomplish today? I make it a point to set goals every day, it's a must if u want to be successfull in whatever u do...
On April 24th, 2007, Iceland announced that Norway will shoulder the defense of Iceland during peacetime.
huh?? Eliot is mentioned like everyday as Mr. Sexy? cc
been following blakeeLa follow me
I hate how its raining I really wanna do something today -.-
Those things I say when autoreply takes over in my Iphone emails :) Told my daughter her son was a superhero and it said he is a sewer.
you can be my wingman anytime. Heh heh Seriously gimme a call after the new year we can chill.
...and has a meltdown. Drummers. Sheesh.
Hartman is honored to be a finalist for the 2011 Small Business of the Year Award!
Kingdom Come? RT : What movie us this? LL is the son. Whoopi is the mama. Vivica is in it. There is a funeral?
He sounds just like Josh Groban. woah. Blown away.
i meeshed you.
Photoshop Tip: Hold 'shift' while dragging layers from one canvas to another to maintain the same position. Thx
The universe is expanding. Now I'll never fit in to my Jordache Jeans.
yay! Thank you! maybe I could come by this weekend? I've got lots of yogurt cups to get started!
#westcoast - so proud. just don't get too strung out on compliments or overdose on confidence
“What a child doesn’t receive he can seldom later give.” - P.D. James
Cleaning your car this weekend? Check your windshield for chips before washing or you could end up with a cracked windshield
Houston-Austin-ATL-Bmore-DC-Milwaukee-LA...I think this is a new record!
I gave a heads up about Winnie painting on FB. If we get a lot of interest, I will give you some cash to do extra prints.
its good i got two fts nd a new single thats finna drop all 3 bang
Been a tough year for Fairfax-Hollywood area folks. First the carsonist fires, now floods. Look out for locusts come August.
i'd like to thank all the folks involved w/ 's trivia win last night esp & myself obvi
Check us out on Facebook! UNCG SLC
i love what u doin wit your music. You inspired me to speed up when I rap! Keep killin it!
I bought mine slightly used from some dude in NJ on Amazon so pretty sure I am screwed but thank you!
>>> Better song for to walkout to, Stay Ready or Why you bullshittin?
"I write when I have something specific to say." -- great stuff this week -- Thank you!
Thanks so much Jean. I love hearing about how parents and professionals are using So Much 2 Say.
Groupon should file for a patent on daily deals presenation. This is getting out of hand.
Take advantage of Tax section 179 depreciation before it's gone. I have 28 Brausse machine models that would qualify for whole depreciation!
Cant even sleep . Idk what to do . My chest hurt . Ugh .
I want some more nikes
Explore the info we have gathered at our Population Pages, Links to learn about different populations. Which ones do you have matches to?
definitely... <U+FFFD>D
Wunderkind is sitting pretty in my office. No big wigs in there tho. Looks like he's facing the windows stroking his rifle.
I love you! <3
Now that's how you start a season!
Todays one.of those days !!
Player voters put too much stock into potential. Thus, AJ Green ranked higher than Hakeem Nicks & Jordy Nelson.
Please. Stop. Tweeting.
NP. I think I need to start watching that show. ;-) happy Friday!
Congrats to Bellarmine University men's basketball team for winning the NCAA Division II Championship!
My entire TL is about baby Copeland Quinn omfg how does everyone know she's being born now?
actually the EP is about a year and a half old! We r MUCH MORE mature now! We hope to record our new (better) material soon!
Right nothing but a whole bunch of fake bitches trying to tag along
Business Writing Class: Assignment will be posted tomorrow morn on blackboard.
Congratulations U of Maryland eastern shore. NCAA women's bowling Champions. 2012
But on you.... I'd probably say Red
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Okay folks we have 2 more hours TO MAKE IT COUNT FOR KIDS at Tennyson and we need at least 1k per hour! 720-855-3247...we are standing by!
hahaa !you guys are hilarious !
It actually never got finished. It's a long story, but needless to say that's part of the reason it's one of my favorites.
Wow today was my 3rd birthday on twitter. I better tweet myself to something nice
the unitards should come with a warning: don't drink loads of water and then go to #yoga class :-)
They demonized Carl Poston, yet Charles Woodson, Ty Law, Penny Hardaway, etc are VERY wealthy!!
Happy New Year Everyone...Happy New Year, Happy Jack
You got all that from a drive-by? You really are an amazing reporter! Safe travels.
Yep - doing another TdF print this year, it will be up on the site for preordering when the Tour kicks off.
We love you mothers!
IL - Its OK, personal decision - use discretion and be professional - Cant wrap my mind around being FB friend with a student
stress stress and a headach that wont go way
not in love . loves in me .
ABC's #OTR interrupted by local miami news... fudge. Back to E!'s dubbed RC
Can it just be tonight already??
We R proud 2 call CNX a partner. RT : We have signed an MOU w/ the West Hills C6 Consortium 1 of the TAACCCT grantees!
a vexing quandry indeed
#NF #teamfollowback underdogs always end up on top!
that's on my cursor think that's the kind of thing u gotta build up too, think thats like the apex, I'm still in Double A
Newly uploaded Nation Lab Network Pics! Come see us in action on our new facebook page- National Lab Network
I can't stop laughing for no reason
just saw your dad!
shout out to follow this kid :) thanks
Where do you send your "old" non-custom bikes after you've moved on to a new rig? This common citizen is curious.
I am really enjoying this website thing :) Thanks for showing me the ropes!!
#bcitmktg Thanks for letting us know about the mention. What was the topic of the lecture?
you're really a hammer-wife has gone through what you
The English accent. Yeah, doing it again. I don't care how annoyed people get; come at me bro. ;)
I'm the only person at my table -___-
this man has the largest calves in the world ..
Listening to a panel on "what's working in social media in sports" at the IMG Sports Sponsorship conf. Twit me ques/comments to ask them!
To be honest I don't think my friends ever saw me cry before.
Agree; when I'm out of the country and somewhat "disconnected" brain is more focused - clear. But plugging in also necessary.
hope you are having a great time!
hey how was your thanksgiving?
we loved having you Come back anytime.
Glad you said it! RT : Shut da hell up RT : I'd rather stay friends with benefits until we're ready.
RT this for a S/o :)
Seattle is great! Once you get over the rainy gloomy days its Beautiful!
ouch Ryan, don't follow me</3
Thay sad moment when you're out of salsa:(
NO NO NO NO!!! I can't believe they sent home!! :(( afgjjrnrdksnfsjicehjk
urs or mines
Can u help? Getting runaround from #chase re: short sale in process for 6 months. #chase claims they are waiting on u. Need help!
LOL SERIOUSLY? He did the same to me and I finished my review yesterday....
Lately life's been tough on me but I just keep playing this in the back of my head: You can make it through anything if Magic made it
I can't respect someone who judges people off of what their friends say.
“Your task is not to seek love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.” -Rumi
The average person makes about 1,140 telephone calls each year
Give me the strength not to strangle my first 2 teachers. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
I hate soup. I shouldn't have to drink my food.
Chicago Bulls #Bulls win \../\../
RIP to the Beastie Boys' Adam Yauch, another music pioneer gone too soon.
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Barry Weintraub
When u see gas at $4.239 (not an arco), u fill up!
Good morning you guys!!! How is everyone this morning?
legacy system, founders syndrome, old and in the way.
I just got a phone call from the automated do not call registry.
I just blocked someone and reported spam. That felt good.
Glad that Culture Shock moved to today. Good choice, Wet giraffe is not a good smell.
Look, Barbie! A big ugly man doll!
so do i
in front of Med-Dent helping students support and !
Looking for a San Diego Painting contractor ? Call Mr.D's painting we have been serving San Diego county for over 25 years. 619-562-5848
“: Barnes & Noble > Matt Barnes”>>> puhahahaha right mop ass
Thanks for coming out! Loved having you there! Always a great addition to
Do y'all have anything interesting going on tonight, or just laying low?
Never eat a mcchicken when you're in a rush and driving. The mayo will get all over your clothes and make it look like jizz
Thank you! Stop by and say hello! RT : thanks for the follow! Store design looks awesome
thank you! can't wait. your track is fantastic, thanks for sharing. congratulations!
If you're contemplating a visit to Waikiki, stay away from the Aqua Wave hotel. It's been the most disappointing hotel stay. Super8 is nicer
We are looking to use this to provide Value Added messages to companies interested in employee wellness.
First sale of the day and he bought 2. Woohoo! Gas money.
I didn't study at all for the EOCs.
I know how much you really want somebody, want somebody that don't really need you.
I love Tweets so much. They relate heavily to my life!
It's game day! Last day for the
Leaving the tailor, suits gotta fit right when I rock 'em... Getting suited and booted for mom's retirement celebration this week
RT : I need some new haters. The old ones are starting to like me - Ha! Ha! <<Now that's the TRUTH!
you always running late.
RT : He who forgives ends the quarrel ~African
I tried out for Jeopardy once (I was just happy to answer all the Qs). Went to taping too. Trebek is a goofball irl. ;)
home rune scare? Please advise.
Hm, wondering if we have to feel like the tail-end of a stuffed opposum? Oh wait, it's just me!!
Had a good move in and now catching up on some reading.
Lets make Baby Armani my profile Pic until I can find a new one!
Your toasted marshmallow shake at last night's #sugarandchampagne was the highlight of my night. I had seconds!
imma keep lookin, but yeah lol :P sorry to hear that...
: yeah, no choice. Historians are verbose.
Just have the feeling that will follow me today(: Know it's tough to get noticed with 200K Mahomies, but NEVER SAY NEVER!
I think I'm going to tonight, which I shall treat as the kickoff to the birthday gluttony.
i love old people...we ran into this dude on the subway and he was telling us his life story
: We've updated the underlying templates and code base to madisondotcom and our other brands so we're building out the pages.
I hate Math Homeworrkkk! -.-
ha! I don't disagree. I think Mew is in the studio now working on their next record.
My little cousin's first word was BIEBER now she's running around sayin "BIEBER BIEBER" so Cute
Just Trying to make it to football season..What's good? RT what's good my dude?
he's just breaking it to you gently.
Have you seen wrinkle lips
Someone was very concerned that there might be a nasty blog post about them!
Anyone from Chicago at fantabuloso?
I've said it before and I'll say it again. There's no such thing as good karaoke without sake bomb shots.
Doing what you doing just to get to where you goin yea I see you baby just don't lose yourself along the way
Took me a while. Answer was Uranus...RT : yeah. just remembered i drew a butthole last night.
Arteriors Intros iPad Sales App Furniture and accessories supplier Arteriors will introduce an iPad sales app that offers a streamline wa
Work Vietnam to WWII. Big focus on Vietnam, then Korean War.
so you're either putting on the Kiss monster or kitty cat makeup for the day, right?
I've stayed there before (for my bachelorette party last year). Enjoy Downtown NYC!
#raktryingnottoswear is not a legit TT.
whoa thanks for seeing it without me!
this song i m playing >
little girls , close your legs & open books instead ..
That sounds fun! It was so beautiful out on Sunday, what a great way to spend it and
RT Could anyone else say they were the strongest member there? Nope.....at least you arent bitter...lmfao...
If you can't make it to Miami for this year don't miss our “Can U Feel It” – The #UMF Experience in select movie theaters on March 22!
Hey how r u poor asian....i hope u r not still dreaming about being in amsterdam
After busting my a$$ for the past several weeks, i finally have 3 of the next 4 days off and now i am coming down with a cold :-( FML
Not the best ones ever, that's for sure. Glad they're over too... Got a little blogging in lately... feels good. =D
Scurrrr wait what get the fuck out of here with that haha<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
The Celtics beat Atlanta to stay 1.5 games behind Philly. The are still 3rd in the Atlantic.
I would also argue Vick and Joe Flacco over Cutler. Depending on how much you care about running, Cam Newton
I'm so glad my BFF is moving home tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
any idea when these dates are coming? think I'm wearing out my refresh button...
You are a big meanie. *stomp foot* *pout* Anyone up for 3:30 time out on Monday ?
easy couch, down boy...
ive got some things in the works so it might not be too long!
's GOLD COLLECTION 05.01.12 hope you're all as stoked as we are!
Is there a way to make the radio shows longer so that you can take call ins?
I am STILL wiped out from yesterday. Need to build some endurance for all that Vanna-ness!
Hey.. I didnt say congratulations when I seen you last time.. so congrats!!!
so since I have ATT Uverse I can't watch the game #smdh ...pathetic
Ok,how are you?College is very sharp&I'm proud of your fight for yourself.What are you studying?
Wherever you go, there you are. Quoth Buckaroo.
Thank you Steve Jobs for a lifetime of inspiration.
you scard of dick with yo gay ass
Must be old age but today MayDay my heart beats for Jesus and His Work to love me and b faithful even when I was faithless and unlovely
aww..thank u!!
Happy birthday to my best friend Vic Semelsberger. You are the best. I love you.
Thanks for the shot out... 2 months ago! HA!
you need to delete some friends on xboxlive
T-shirt hierarchy: Fave shirt > old shirt > nightshirt > pillowcase
Pumped for the festivities today. Bring on the knowledge ya'll
Attention U-Swirl VIPs: Don't forget to bring in your keychain this week to get your special discount!
it was off & on, then off for about an hr, but now back on.
Thanks to for the follow!
Im so happy with Oliver
Yes! RT Good news downtown MIA RT COMING SOON grab & go breakfast at Downtown location w
do you have the address for tomorrow's event? Can't seem to find it online ;(
yea lol. But yea that's my hood
I just want a hot dog and lap dance...
Pink is definitely your colour! ;-)
thank you! I hope your day is great as well :-]
Free Khader Adnan. Free #Palestine. End the oppression and the violence. Viva Palestina
Poor measure of service
Just get your ass back home.
“: Good night with ”---> agreed
When Do You Go Back To School ? :)
Make sure u check out this weeks edition...Whiting turner lands $181M federal contract...lots more breaking news & info
I want to clarify, it's NOT the idea or technology behind #WiMax that's bad. It's the company selling it that is HORRIBLE --> #Clear =
Thinking I'm not going to make it into work tomorrow morning
ALL NEW Gossip Girl
don't get beat up
Urban Meyer + being native to Ohio + Recruitment skills + Coaching talent + Institutional Control = Tradition & National Championships!
u peep the dudes int the background tho??? LMAO
“: Congratulations to our #NYR who have clinched a berth in the 2012 Stanley Cup Playoffs with tonight's win!!!”
Everyones stupid to me until they prove me otherwise
you can hope...
Las patojas de la capital son tan ridiculas, bueno... algunas e.e
I meant hallowed be *thy name. #typo whoops.
weren't 3 of those pujols hr against tx in game 3? Or is that not in post season?
cool photo! did you take that?
We do follow you guys! We love 9th Ave Saloon especially Karaoke on Wednesday nights!
It's official. My sister in law is in labor. I'm going to be an uncle today on my birthday!!!
DON'T FORGET TO COME OUT AND SUPPORT THE CANDIDATES during their DEBATE/MISS SU REVUE in F.G. CLARK ACTIVITY CENTER at 6pm!!!!
Hey ! Thanks for suggesting us to DM us and we can chat :)
Designated hitter Victor Martinez (Detroit Tigers) suffered a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee and may miss entire season
thank you for the blessing gmg1961
I love Madison's deep voice! Omg I always have and always will. (:
you are welcome! LOVE your blog!
Nashville *tomorrow!* Can't wait to get into some bachelorette trouble with !
you are just trying to get retweeted aren't you?
oh I'm sure I could help you out“: Hey ... How does it go??? "I'm eating buttercream frosting off a spoon because .......”
Not okay RT : still gotta upload some pics from my vacation will do soon :) universal studios orlando :)
Congrats to all our winners, the prizing courtesy of our amazing sponsor Be sure to watch #SYTTD this Friday at 10pm!!
Thanks :D
#CQ5 caching problems are going to be the death of me
Brewers fans aren't ScRubs
Retro-chuckle here. We thought we were so "high tech" back in the day! What will the pic 30 years from now mock?
Some people need a huge slap of reality... in the face.
Front cova, back cova, pine, pages, titoh page! - my son, reading a book to himself
that is Crazy, maybe she needs to be her own agent because she is way to big in her own mind lol
Please do, that'd be awesome!
Prom saturday, excited <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Thank you You should try to come out for one of our events May 20 we have A&E Paranormal Cops & Open Key then lots of concerts
Words, words, words.
this one is so bad! there is always a huge line, and the self-checkouts are alwatys broken.
Keeping my distance.. This could work out. Goodnight. :)
hi im karen and im an ACON. will you notice me?(:
Thanks for following! Love your guys company and overall feel
wats the deal baby its ya boy franchise i need to get u bak down here wats the deal
I have a tendency to do that...
Definitely bracketbuster Saturday...
Well, I give them credit for being close. It is like learning a new language to understand higher ed.
I kno its prolly late but yea I would like to be part of your promotion
haha! He was a welder there! And I (Tyler) also went there for commercial arts!
I'll make Andre take one when he gets here. It feels so light!
The Amazing Spider-Man(TM) Swings Into 3D Virtual Action As Sony Pictures ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Just worked out for the first time in a week and a half after an abdominal strain. Nice to know I can still fight a bear or lion if I must.
ice cream paint job?
Out and about on route what a beautiful night
The fries at need to be designated a class 4 narcotic.
RT : Some big brands are taking on #mobile but aren't seeing results. Read why in 's latest research...
I'm in the mood to do somethin tonight. Any takers?
Just leave me alone!
Heard from some German fans that Moby was spinning some party slayerz over the weekend. Thanks Moby!!
This eliminates multiple parts orders and repeating the administration cycle.
well that's just dumb…you both have the SAME GOAL. (+ she only has 3,000 sigs.)
Now that that's done....... time for Burlesque!
"Thank you for being so fucking cool, Milwaukee." - cc:
Hey Matt<3
Yeah , i'm smiling , but you're not the reason why anymore . 8
Cannot continue to watch the news out of #Syria. Get Assad out of there now.
so whens the wedding? ;)
Such a beautiful morning--bright and just slightly gloomy--makes it so hard to get out of bed >_<
Keep up the awesome sound. You got it going on!
SIGNATURE LIVE~~~~Tonight at 8pm......The sun is shining!!!!! It's going to be a dancing good time!
come come mr. bond...
Yes!!! Will you come?
Bonamour video shoot today in Dallas today. Stay tuned...
wait is that u? lol i didnt realize it til i started to laugh :)
Really sucks my phone off...ugh!!!! cant even call Netlfix...
Your tweet that this situation has been resolved, it has not been resolved for me. I have refreshed, rebooted nothing
Listening to hold music...
Internet? Magic? Go get yourself a big fat healthy juicy steak already!
Hey when does your new Denver location open?
FaceTime in a little ?
i literally made a video last month for the first time in like a year, felt so weird
but if you were here we could have hanq out..
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Lentil and Tortilla. Sugar-free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Spending quality time with Cleanth Brooks, Wallace Stevens, and Frank Lentricchia.
i could not be more ready! 18 more days until this begins.
Ate pizza(Pappa Johns)Got a new printer(Kodak)Went to Ranch Market(mexican market-O)for the first time.
Stupid Belgian boys! But I have a pretty good long term thing going with chocolate that I wouldn't wanna mess up by dating. ;)
So Joe and I are accused of having a stomach for gore. Hm. Death by violence just isn't a pretty thing.
#realmusic over here! Doin' my own thing. F*ck the bandwagon. Thanks for all of the support! Lovin' it.
WOW. RT Murdoch Is Considering Stepping Down As CEO Of NewsCorp. If so, he would be succeed by COO Chase Carey - Reports $NWSA
Enjoying an absolutely beautiful day in #sanfrancisco with
I should have been born in the '70s.
Slept in & hit the gym an hour later than usual due to Dr. Appt this AM. I had two guys come up to me & comment on how I was late. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
what part of PR are you staying at? We are in Ricon :-)
HA whatever it is will be gone. And I'm straight grindin out here what's up wit you?
Always treat every interaction like an opportunity to build trust or break it down
thanks champ
heading home to St. Louis tomorrow to catch up with my family and friends!
Persistent trials, inspite of obstacles will one day produce the exact result you desire~Sapee Peelow
no alzeimer's but maybe a serious case of lard ass.
The world would be a better place if we were all allowed to murder one person per year
good i skiped out on work an hour early
I just got done talking about that. I knew I was missing one, haha. Kush & oj killed it though. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
At South on Wilshire for trivia. I hate this place.
Doing minimal work in gym
your avi is gorgeous!
Name dropping and inside baseball banter. Enjoying my first panel.
I cant find my phone .. I lost it somewhere in my house -___-
...a home for some on center-left that was separate from Labor, which is still widely tainted by Oslo/Arafat association.
ok i can see diane, i see sports and for some reason i retweeted what bostonnellie said and i dont know what the hell that does...lol
Thank you!!!
I'm so fucking stoked for tonight. <3
Theres the Defense I know.... Takeaway number 1
WHY YOU GOTTA BE SO KIND HEARTED?
we are loving your coverage on TBD! Keep up the good coverage.
HELP! needing first-time car buyer tips/resources/links. never done this on my own before but my car is totaled and i gotta move fast!
I hate seeing stray dogs :,(
How are you? x RT : hi XD
for nothing right?
Bujee girl grab her hand fuck dat bitch choose my friends im in France haha im just aayin. The 1 and only Kanye West.
“The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
Someone else may have already said this, but #Parenthood has absolutely the best child/teen actors on tv
Next stop: the bank$$$
Good for you!
Agreed. You should be in charge of saying things this week.
Our campaign for attorney Kevin Flesch, positioning him as police brutality expert is helping him dominate Google's 1st pg for term :)
Mayo has been tearing it up at Bowie. Look for him to be with the big club come September.
THEY ARENT REALLY TOGETHER!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you #FF me I will love you forever ;)
MINDS: Jim Groom allowed students to call in over the course of the semester on #ds106radio what sucked about the class!
uh that would be my asshole offspring.
Patriot Pay SaaS Payroll Software is now available for Rhode Island Employers
"And the Good News about the Kingdom will be preached throughout the whole world, so that all nations will hear it..." -Matthew 24:14 (NLT)
it all starts with getting rid of that fatass at 3rd base though. Reynolds sucks
yep too cute
tickets are sold out by now. but tickets are $60. it's up in dallas. and get ready to spend LOADS there :p haha
To save a Life in defeat, is to receive Victory and Honor.
Thanks for RTing - happy Mom's Day!
R.I.P Whitney Houston.
lol, I promise
don't take life too seriously, nobody makes it out alive anyways! hahahaha
p.s. If anyone want to collaborate on this project, please let me know. Got bookmarks and plan 2 upload to symbaloo over the weekend.
Danny Green has 15 points. Tim Duncan has 8. The Spurs lead the Blazers 56-37 with 2:24 left in the half.
I'm with Jed. We're noy going to contend. But, this is a team built for Petco
I know. I'm working there this summer!
Would have tweeted my trip to #argentina, but would have had to remember to bring an adapter... Oops!
3 finals tmw. Then I'm done thank god!
Man...I need a sugar daddy lol
Bout tuhh smash out
wow! That makes no sense crazy!
Maybe if you try hard enough. lol.
Open house today: 205 Ballad Ave, come check this place out if you're looking for a great place!
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking
Old people don't deserve a sportscar
yes he is
S/O to the Barton College girls that came out to club flashbacks last night ! i enjoyed yall :)
its like 70 degrees and it's night time like this is not okay-
your watching it too? Lol i fucking have all the episodes recorded
RT if you dont like Ed Sheeran or Cher Lloyd so i can unfollow you
Wade just missed another lay-up
What time is your set tonight bro?
Your amazing , your going some where with your music #ProudOfYou :)
i miss nola i am so homesick and i miss parites..the best parties are enoturage entertainment parties
Let fashion be you passion! -PD
Thinking about riding downtown in a few
IKR he is such a great boyfriend!! and she just sits back while he is the one who is trying to be in the relationship!!
Tagged as: best quotes of all time, famous quotes, quotations, quotes
Patient Tip from #DripSync: if you have a high deductible or co-insurance, look for patient assistance programs
New Found Glory. All That Remains. 10 Years. underOATH. Colour Revolt. Maylene and the Sons of Disaster. Prosevere.
There is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so. William Shakespeare
I really did -___-
let me get your email.
Way to go
We appreciate all our followers! Come in today, tell us that you follow us on twitter and we'll give you a free slice!
lol thats cool tho you look into it and u find so many things are similiar... he's teaching you :)
Hi Alan. Where in Florida?
Sunset is at 8:04PM this weekend. That needs to be an annual holiday or something
Finally the misery ended xD
Tomorrow on Brenna, Brenna & Boyce Law Forum hear expert advice from Financial Planner Steve Telesca,VP @ Sage Rutty. Tomorrow 8am, 1180WHAM
: I know, I don't like Pitt.
Look up on youtube TheSquishyGuppyShoww its hilarious!
huh y wat?
Imperfection is beauty.
I got double-booked for Session D on Friday...
I hope that all of you enjoyed reading my new pendulum paper that I posted in my Yahoo group on today.
I love first person shooter games ^_^
Blue bottle coffee, I need more of you.
Hey people, quit putting Timex's on pots. It obviously breaks them or something.
I wanna scream!!!!!
U can put it in the fridge! If u have extra bread put it in the freezer too! If u make toast a lot, u can use frozen bread!
Going to miss the married clowns. The wife and I giggled every time they showed their names and that moniker on TV.
Will do! Are the auditions still going on?
Everyone follow my boy :)
Gorgeous profile, Lovely! May I just say, BEAT!! :)
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
RT : Saints-Packers most-viewed Kickoff game ever. All without SoCal
DUDE. This pizza is SO. GOOD. cc
Scott...was it take your kid to bath day? I totally forgot.
whoa now break it up ladies
About to see if I can sew or not! #womanswork!
Happy early Thanksgiving to everybody! Since we won't be tweeting through this weekend!
Where Xabi Alonso and Javier Mascherano once patrolled, now go Spearing and Jordan Henderson....exactly, mystery solved
i was so sweet. to what? nothing she didnt care.
is impossible that you see that tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that that never will come true but im trust2
haha awww, it's like white power over here(x
automatic for me. shows up in my statusline (using powerline) when a file has errors. signs support too.
It's tough to focus when I know it's beautiful outside.
A1: Wish I would've known that you CANNOT rely on others to meet deadlines!
I'm scared. just left for la jolla with my man..what will they get into?
The Getty appears pretty confident it won't happen. Why do you think Italy has a chance?
in the JFK game, the defense didn't allow a point. BS scores came on kick return and a fumble return. FYI Bruce lost big.
"were all gona get laid!!"
bahah. Don't mess with me right now
Glad I got NFL Sunday Ticket while I wait for the Saints to come on at 3pm.
it's nice to see that bosh's sucking goes beyond the obvious lack of rebounding and inability to hit open shots
Actually it's
Haha! My inner 2nd grader loves this so very much!!! RT : Tuba plus tuba is FOURBA!
A bank is a place that will lend you money but only if you can prove that you don't need it.
RT : A #trench is perfect for rainy days and chilly nights, dressed up or down...and everything in between.
It got mixed reviews, but I liked it. I think the show has potential.
thank you! doesn't usually disappoint me. Let's hope Neil Simon doesn't either. ;)
enjoyed talking all things New Mexico and activism via social media w/you today! Really enjoyed having you on
I've seen sticks for 40 $, the lowest I've seen is like 20 though.
fight to protect ur dream!!!
we do value #lateens www.brandlateen.com RT : Companies don't realize the power that teens/youth have. Sadly. Smh.
It's a Lady Antebellum kinda morning :)
Christmas puts such an exponential load on the post office.
Don't play with me
Can't wait to see it!
Identical content: #TheEconomist costs 8€ if printed in English but 3€ in Spanish and comes with a video. Incredible!
I swear I wanna hit him so bad ! i hate that i ever got pregnant by you !
¡Bienvenido a América! / Welcome to America! ;-)
Good Afternoon!!!
I know
I so see it! They could be long lost siblings!
Tonight we are young!
Love its myy
They put me in charge of evacuating the children's room during the earthquake drill today. That had to have been punishment for something.
Anyone want to join my #FantasyHockey League? It's on ESPN.com. League name is "Pittsburgh Puck Heads" We need a few more teams! MSG ME
Is the neon light on outside?
Add me on LiveProfile my PIN is LP1JBJEG LiveProfile :D
Lakers look horrible. Kobe not interested. Blake getting tooled by Miller. Bynum letting McGee look like an All-Star. Pathetic.
The Druids are now at 666 followers. Coincidences are a myth.
Come on and text me already! ha. I'm so excited!
Unreal catch! Would have been at least a double...probably a triple if he doesn't catch it.
Haha! Darrel Revis is going to get burnt! Be aware of the real great coach of all time DR!
awww pobresita, like Diana said stop bitching
IT'S OFFICIAL I am going to INDIA for 2 months to work for the IPL CRICKET LEAGUE! Like the sash says "INTERNATIONAL"! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><U+2708>
Virginia strands 2 runners for the third consecutive inning but Skinkis' HR puts Cavaliers up 1-0 thru 3 complete innings.
RT Fuck my mom need to stop drinking! I swear. .. ii feel the sam way abt her so called sister... .
Tami is freaking insane. "I didn't steal ya purse..." Umm...yeah you did lol
I'd ratber be a good liver than have one.
I'd be like yeeah then run scared lol :)
All I want for my 19th birthday is to meet that's why I am out in the cold waiting for him. Come outside Ed!!
don't worry. I'm back!
Who isn't fascinated by ?
Three cheers for for coming back to #Fairbanks this summer!!!
Can we get Rock and BA? I hate the Cardinals announcers.
hm im sleepyy
Listen, Lord, and be favorable to me. Lord, be my helper - Psalm 30:10 (please retweet) -- Psalms & Proverbs ()
happy anniversary!
If Rooneys in the game it's a no brainer who wins.
You know what this calls for? Friendship bracelets. Hopefully you like the color blue...
Woah woah woah! They better not be stealing our song!
New Burton's Blog up @ www.totalpetmagazine.com. Thoughts to digest.
what??? maybe a lil
A well-constructed URL is poetry on par with haiku: it unveils an unbounded, multidimensional reality, leaving you yearning to explore.
plus recently ive cut out MUCH alcohol and sweets. lol so it IS much healthier than how I was before. lmao
Sustainable Tourism = conservation, local jobs, natural & cultural assets, triple bottom line.
I make kittens come out of their mittens with the sex talk i'm spittin.
thanks! Very stoked for this :)
duuuudeeee.... I don't want to drive there
Behaved very badly in class this evening. End of PhD coursework...hard to contain myself.
RT : #ThingsGMsTweetIn2012 RT : This is helping our run differential... was getting way to close to even.
NEW MAGAZINE WILL BE OUT SOON SO GET YOUR ADS IN BEFORE YOU GET LEFT
10: Because she has already demonstrated ... her peculiar fitness for this highly important vocation.
Going to the ordway to see some show :P idk which one tho :D
Getting off if you want to talk text if you don't know the number ask for it. By the time I come on tomorrow I better be at 1400(:
I'll second that shout-out for JLea.
Greetings from San Francisco! Members of the Choir's Board and Staff are presenting at this year's Chorus America convention.
2 chains ft the weekend...omg
Justin Is Our Common Denominator <3
Nothing is going on tonight
we should go there
“: I have a dream But I'm not sure it could be a reality” yes it can woman! If u can survive hitting your toe you can do anythin;)
The time you spend in the writing process doesn't always necessarily involve writing.
Likely because more Competition LAXLHR than ORDLHR.
plz dont tell me u go re roll that shit back up
get yo bitter ass off my TL`
Birthday call >>>>>> happy birthday on Facebook
I'm glad u liked it... I esp loved te sound trrack
if ya dumbass knew about computers you would know...smh niggers
If we can observe the magic of a single flower clearly, our whole life would modify.
There's a poster that hangs in the #facebook office that's says only 1% of our job is done. it's not just a platform for selling...
Need to go to sleep, but I can't. Too much on my mind.
better watch out, ur dad might shoot ur computer. If u haven't seen it, watch the video
Maybe I'll watch Transformers at the movies tonight. Better yet, CineDine.
agreed! Swing by my alternative funding seminar at 3:30 - I'll be talking about our experience on
So I had hell of a workout, then school, then meet with friends. Now I'm simply tired.
Latin Dance with Live Band in the main room every Saturday. Empiresupportersclub.com Best Fans In The World!!
Been noting my ideas to create a unique business plan, so far so good!
RT : Dr Hunt CMO at ONC says the value prop of health IT is not immediate and obvious to the end user. So true.
I'm sorry. I thought it was real , I'll get off :/
best song ever!
#Youth #LetsDoThis #readanddotheword Psalm 145:4 One generation shall praise Your works to another,And shall declare Your mighty acts.
74 mi to Glasgow. It's nice but kinda boring out here... We are just waiting for the Rockies now that it is officially Mountain Time for us.
Time for some vampire movies , so I can write up my next Movie Mortuary.Wish me luck on this marathon. these will be bad
May be the best thing to be created since skippys peanutbutter #nohomo Shout out to Buccieri Parents. >
also, flower shop at Univ and Goldfinch has for sale/lease sign :(
O_o ik but its only if im gonna always be on the road but we will see
don't know if we ever replied...but yes we ship everywhere in the world! and thanks, great site too!
Back from the Lake Victoria islands (Ssese). Wow. Undiscovered white sand beaches. What's all this talk of snow I hear about in Wisc? =)
CHOICES && DECISIONS ??
well this is awkward
Thursday is here and so is the famous Corporate Happy Hour. $20 gets you an open bar from 6-9pm in back bar. Come get at it!
Yup, pretty much.
Another change model, common in loss, but also in change (likely unplanned) is Kübler-Ross' 5 stages. www.<U+27A1>.ws/<U+105B>
No problem, Duane. You are one of my trusted resources for insight into the AEC industry.
sending iTunes nastygram on why SF of #H50 is not online yet????
how are you doing?
I love technology and crafting too!
Baaah!! So groggy and sleepy!!
So proud of the chargers...taking down the defending state champs. Awesome game.
Son just told me Baylor was lime green. Why change the school colors ?
you are awesome but not as awesome as my new lightweight Boeing 23-A2.
i got shirt that has two beavers and says Justin Beaver's future girlfriend and 1 tht says Im a dinosaur so like rawr and stuff
RT : Welcome to the team ! >> thank you! I can't wait to start! :)
sorry all late, haha it's cuz I get so bored there
done. it's so sad and lonely. i would go sit there but the sofa is so comfy
love you tho <U+E328><U+E022>
I'm not dead yet!
Visited The Filter Coffee in San Diego great place open until 2am
1ST TWEET SINCE LAST WEEK.. BEEN SUPER BUSY... MISSED YOU GUYS.. I AM NOW BACK.... HAVE A GREAT DAY.. GO RACERS, CATS, AND CARDINALS!!
Why am I watching Ghost Adventures alone?
B Schutz: Gold OA promotes research, innovation, education and inclusion, and publishing.
Huh. I just may have to watch that...
Spreading my demo reel on the Internet... cool how many sites are free out there for that :)
Which is sad that I just remembered about the bloopers considering it was called iBloop2.
prove it
Thought of the day, why is cabbibalism not banned by the ten commandments? What a fucking blatant oversight, wow.
What should I get for Sunday??
D'aw!
what channel
thanks for the follow!
When Do you think they will start the Daytona 500? I have my fan apparrel on... lol
Do a little dance, let's see those downloads, get down tonight, yeah, get down tonight! Rockin' New Years Eve w/ 50th country!
When do you know when you love someone else?
Let the warm breeze blow you in to the wonderful lobby of the Belden Stratford and take a look around.
Friday, Dec 30 and I am tuned to Science Friday #NPR Just heard something new: Big Data
Happy New Year everyone!
Can't wait to see in Good People Run Through at The Geffen!
hope all goes well with you at the dentist :)
:) would consider going but baby due in august so my hands will be a little full
Intentional storytelling to teach requires a knowledge of the audience.
RT Need to get healthy and exercise again!!
I thought so too (Jersey Shore), but then thought of the innumerable good people that have done great things. Good pt, tho!
That is the way Seahawks! I love Pete Carroll's energy level!
Well you are right, I do.
Music ; ignoring everyone today >_<
u r welcome. So, do you run 7 miles 3x a week, 3 miles 7 days a week or 21mi 1x a week?
kayleigh, how come your uber-librarianness always saves the day? got any tips on onions?
Haha, Justin's face was the funniest when he saw Gaga.
Thank you :) RT : Wow. Had no idea you were such a hottie! :)
Must update my iPhone apps more often, twitter is finally looking good on my phone
The Gang goes to Coventry
Go to YouTube so I don't have to see every video you watch. Thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Iraqi woman beaten in Calif.; threat note at scene via
Or, we could go to 1977 to dress like this.
ok ima be home n 15 mins hit ma phone up....i got some 4 u
Your personal #tradeshow consultant. Join the conversation. Just include our official hashtag #applerockusa with your questions.
I'm at the Imagining America Rountable waiting to hear about scholarship in public life.
So glad for the update, and even more glad all has been going smoothly!
nigga if ur here Saturday u need to come to this celebrity game I'm playin in...I ain't played seriously since MAINE lol
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
Good memory! Tell I'm available for extensive interviews on this matter ... you know, if he wants. :)
Another lonely weekend without roommates. I mean... I guess I can catch up on my breakdancing.
not much different than ignoring someone saying Obama should be tried for treason
thanks! When is your website going to be up and running?
#7 best quote from COPS "Officer I give oral sex but I don't give vaginal sex,I ain't no whore."
-its sad to see one go so young, even more heart breaking for one to be growing inside of her.. RIP babygirl & her unborn!!
what happen
Lmfao !! wow angel just wow
Looking for a session to go to in MCC to stay out of the heat - go to discussion room 334 now!
yea I actually went to spotify and checked out your music :)
I didn't know you were so close. Your a few exits away
Totally dope idea, resolutionsforgood.com. Nice work you two! and
I dont know i'll ask him when he get up.
I have got to get the CD. Had a work event of all days. Needed to hear that one.
To the gym.
you're such a geek :)
Sounding great. Making poignant observations. Keep it up.
when are you thinking of doing an original song ?
we just worked out! You're excused lol
Wine.com also offers free storage for up to 6 months so you can wait to ship until fall.
Man am I dumb for saying we probably shouldn't spend the money to go to #Minecon this year. So dumb. So. So. Dumb.
that would be awesome let chat this week about something to kick off the new year
pleasepleaseplease! PLEASE!! tweet me happy birthday it's almost over ):
Rodgers be nuts to leave Swansea right now. His stock will only rise. As for pedigree, Lambert has Euro experience
MT Over 500 candidates taking certification tests tomorrow via MyRealtimeCoach. Preliminary results in just 5 hours!
Had a nice day with a good friend watching The Twilight Saga. Getting ready for Friday. Breaking Dawn!! Can't wait!
Good morning everyone! Happy Wednesday to all! To all my Criminal MInds Tweets, enjoy tonights episode of Criminal Minds! Two weeks to go
Morning.. Very good question. No I don't think I would be upset..might be a good time to educate someone.
What the wells fargo by the Foothill lounge got robbed, crazy, makes me wanna go celebrate with some good jams with Dj Paul X..
Congrats to the fierce USA & Japan women's soccer teams for making it to the World Cup finals!!
Don't have a Facebook cover photo? Don't panic! Chispa still has their $97 cover photo promotion going on until April 6th. Then the...
BREAKING DAMN NEWS: If you stay really quiet and listen very, very closely, you can hear the beautiful sound of you SHUTTING THE FUCK UP!
Congrats to Indy breweries, & , for their wins at #WorldBeerCup. Check them out on the Hops a Plenty tour!
What a great & true statement!
is amazing <3
All ik is that Danny and Paul better come to play Tuesday.
Y do you wanna come to Canada?
Sit him down
I think it's time to get back to writing..my characters are coming to life in my dreams. They are just longing for attention!
just telling u what I see.:-) How did u become a red sox fan here in PDX? Hate having the M's shoved down our throat!
Up in the streets, they call it murdaaaaaa....
its so good. Love dangling then going top shelf.
Picked some potential wineries. Pretty easy when only a handful produce the wines you like.
i wanna knw why every female i talk to think i got all da bitches
it was so cool meeting the #escaperoutes cast!
lol, its a ratio to who your following and who's following you! No worries with all of your help we will hit a cool mil! :D
What's better about internet bball commentary today: more respect for marginal MLB players. Less "so and so sucks."
idk how to use that bs to make myself slimmer I'm try a gain weight here why the eff would I use photoshop to look slimmer
how were those drops?
Yes, it's hard not to just hand over the wallet voluntarily when he does something like that :)
Come check out Dell's Wireless Interactive projector at the Innovation in Education booth
My mom broker her favorite mug this morning
Thanks! We checked your writing. Rad stuff as well!
"Bulls typify their city. They just grind it out."- J. Van Gundy
I'm guessing this game brings good memories for you ; I remember the draft, I cried, lol! Good Old Days huh Tony?
Be yourself and be heard in your own unique voice
Guess we should have been more specific about wanting a government shake up..
"And when it breaks, you get to keep both pieces."
": Are you coming to AZ to watch some spring training baseball?" YES the superfans are coming
Tomorrow is our 2 year anniversary of being back in #ABQ. Stop by 1 of our locations to celebrate and receive a FREE doughnut of choice.
i really want to punch a hole in the wall, but that would hurt so im not going to
Mama aint no fool daddy so all I can say is u better get it rite
#IfIRuledTheWorld we would have Black History month off WITH PAY !
Amen. How can we make this a reality? MT "Museums should be thought of as a community center," Ford Bell.
Another morning another full day of twittering. I wonder if any of our trusty followers are making the trek to Holiday World today.
ur online res didn't work so had to rent different movie at machine, you still charging me for rental I couldn't get #Custserv ?
i think you need a cheesehead !!!
Winesburg, Ohio is literature's Wisteria Lane.
Goodbye, Monday. Hello #Zumba!
Been reading up on Robert Hansen in prep for Frozen Ground. Did you read anything to prepare?
then they're not true fans
Add me on facebook -
WOO...Break a leg! Or your "long pork"? Maybe? Not so much...?
But it gotta come naturally i cant force myself to catch em..,
When we first met, I had no idea you would be so important to me.
What kind of nigga tells lies to hisself......
“: that is the best one so far adam i said in that beard is a whole hobbit village” Awesome TG!
Looks like a good day....:^)
I have 28 bottles, including 2 that are 1.5 L, in my condo right now. Mix of high quality & everyday good reds.
jus me in my crib bored :(
- Awesome! Thanks! Checked out your blog too, would love to feature it for our 'Pinch Hitter' Yankees sites feature on Chasing800!
LOVE our customers! packing orders on a sunday morning to make sure they ship bright and early monday morning! THANK YOU!
Phoenix Open - freezing, Accenture Match Play - snow. Look at the weather forecast for this weekend...ya think God is an LPGA fan?
thanks for the follow! WHat did you think of our app?
off coursee if yu ask her too she will and check her out on youtube also she has an amazing voice! and tell her i sent yu
Think I finally "get" 5 hour energy.
awe u know somebody got a phone for me
“ Just fell asleep driving on the interstate...NBD.” Ah pat don't do that..
Go Donald Lee...#86 Lives On!
: doing a b day on saturday for a friend on sat. What up?
SHE A MOTHERFUCKIN CRYBABY AND A PETTY ASS PISS IN DA BED ASS LAZY DIRTY NASTY BOYISH ASS HOE AND SHE CAN GO SUCK A DICK!!!!!!!!!!!!
What goal will you accomplish this week?
Thanks Laurie for the retweet! Have a great day.
The manchild , of course!
That pass was fucking beautiful (wipes tears from eyes)
NEW this year Days of the Dinosaur 6700 sq ft of life-sized, animatronic dinosaurs & Interactive Area for kids! $1/person
I want to use Mp3's and heart rate monitors in my pe classes this year applying for lots grants : )
Its the scariest thing knowing that someone in my life time, that i know, will pass away.
I love that song too. That whole live album is great. RT : Brooke and I are spreading the gospel of Standing Outside the Fire
I'm not sure if I'm drunk or not but if I'm not I'm close! Dats wug I get for mixing light n dark
saw the preview for #thebigyear last night- looks like a cute movie!! Anyone else planning on going to see it?
People still smoke? I am going to start using lead base paints when I paint my bedroom.
I'm like out of everybody you find him attractive. Alright go head Denise!
What mommy wars? Had SO much FUN with everyone!! Thanks #mom2summit 'ers! Off to blog on it! Xoxo
depends what it's regarding
That lady that always kisses me is helping me with my itchy ears...that's pretty rad...she cool
I kareoked Mr. Brightside in Kihei tonight, it was awesome except now I've got to get up and yoga in the am.
Do it now. Paint a face on the elbow and 'go too far' with your puppet show. (I have 2 kids)
Idgf about anything but you
Yes! I need to go see it tho! RT did you know that plays your scare tactics video before his show?
Welp, at least we know the cleveland cavaliers know how to draft; they got another ROY
Exercised before work.. And after.
Want #FREE delicious dessert from ?! Use today's alert to send one to a friend & you just may get one yourself!
I followed you because you keep it real....real douchy.
Turning off autocorrect has changed mu life!!
#Thethingis I'm not even excited any more.
RT : 9% increase in social media buzz volume corresponds to a 1% increase in TV ratings according to Nielsen
....we are making progress! You should come visit us sometime!
deep thigh boy. Shit just hurt and it was nasty lookin
“: I signed up for the today! Did you? It's gonna be a blast!” woot!!!!!
You Only Live Once , so live life to the fullest. you never know whats gonna happen next.
Happy.....friday everyone!
2 min warning skins leading.
Everyone in the Riverwest area north of Locust: your voting location is Fratney St. School.
I was talkin to my sister, creeper!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
You said it was a long story, but you told me and it took about 10 seconds.
wonderful Ameritti Semifreddo and pumpkin olive oil cake! If you are in Westport check them out!
yes yes or on Harry lmao!! But there's been lots of suspicions that Harry's cheated on Lou ;p
Just did week 3, day 3 of #c25k with !
I can just imagine! She was something!
feel better! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Thanks guys... please keep me updated. Knicks? Rangers?
“: Every time I call my mom and hear my dog in the background I cry a little lol. I miss my bf” oh! How sweet!
My wish is for you to see this tweet<3
This is going to be harder than I thought
the trend now is snapbacks and tattoos
its funny because you guys are fighting over a guy when he dosen't want either one of you.
I did aha thank you so much love you :) x
um, the 1st step to making money at home is to make sure you don't get caught, right?…sheesh, Twitter ads :-{
weird stick that comes with a sample at Starbucks?
Head to our Facebook page- Third Stream Giants! Our site- www.3sgiants.com! 9:30pm Fri. at The Otter House! :)
i just love you :) please tell me that you're going out tonight?! :)
RT : Yea my daughter won. The kids are going to love it!
im ready for prom now, got it all take care of.... except for the ticket lol
It ain't raining down here yet but looks real suspect to...
ah I have hit 1700 followers (: I love all of you. Anyone want a follow bacck? <3
mid january
Exact half way point between Xmas and Valentines Day - heard that makes it National Hug Day. Give someone you love a nice big hug!
i second the tri-berry recommendation!
that'd be great.
Wednesday already. Where do the days go?
sorry delay in responding! I just saw her in a re-run of Will & Grace~she looks the same age as on "Good Luck Charlie"!
Didnt eat my daily spinach salad..
lol u on twitter. why????
Happy to have u at the #hackathon! Feel free to ask any questions!
Don't hate on my awesome sauce! I am the greatest and feel so much better now!
RT : Kim Kardashian earned $17,900,000 from her wedding and divorced 72 days later (but gays ruin the sanctity of marriage).
nah! It just means they won't shrink if you cold wash them so I would still get a medium if they were a medium!
eventful/busy/and fun long weekend... hoping for some good news this week!!!! holding my breath!
okay here If you need you got all your prom stuff then ? X
#1 just schooled the whole heat squad!
Are you at #parallels this week? If you are message me, let's have a drink.
Look forward to meeting you! :)
I missed dance moms miami!!!!
this is the first game I've watched this season. Nice to know they are the same old illini.
What a heroic journey back...inspirational.
ive been close to death by almost getting hit by a car, i appreciate life everyday <3 i live like im dying 24/7 i love life 33
Thanks for the
putting on make up & watching Whitneys funeral is a #badidea. Beautiful moment.
Ah gotcha. Do they have an official iPhone app?
dude where are you :(
Thankfully no snow in #Seattle. Spring has sprung!
man, wish I had the Moves Like Guzman .... :)
my cousin just asked me to go to her birthday party. the only catch is that you have to wear a fake mustache. i love my life.
nice. Yeah, clearly didn't care enough.
naw i didn't but i will tonight
On my way to a photo shoot with a Martin high school senior!
zamn i wish i could LOLOLOL.. guess what? ;o
It's a good day(;
Not happy about having slept on the sofa last night.
Bout to go get breakfast. Or brunch...whatever.
Happy Saturday! Time to do some shopping for some new kicks for vaca.
which link?
How is 2 Chainz still trending?
Attention Twitter followers: 10% off your first ScribeModerne service! Visit scribemoderne.net or contact !
My heart goes out to the Kaft Family R.I.P. Myra
Folks in the box office. Where audience and theatre crash against each other (like waves & the shore)--and define each other.
My 13 year old nephew is visiting next weekend. Thinking of things in #rva for us to do. Ideas?
Warren G. Harding~ Americas present need is not heroics but healing not nostrums but normalcy not revolution but restoration.
pleased to make your acquaintance sir; my sister in law Tonya from Colorado spent some time there a few years back.
Rolling out to Pismo beach for tomorrows gig... RV stylee...
So Done packing.
what app is that dude?
yeah i probably should.
my pre-Zombie 5k Training regime of watching the Walking Dead and eating tofu sandwiches proved to woefully inadequate. eaten by market st!
true. But I was thinking more from the general Zodiac signs & how/if it corresponds with personality types.
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.-Bob Dylan
LOL! Seems the cray is catching... Rick has lost his mind!
naw San Jose
HAHAHA I'm sure there's plenty of time for that ;)
I WANT MY STATE TO BE GREEN
haha i could tell! you were like staring at the ground
Thanks Derek=)
Only lobbying when talking to law makers and their proxy.
ill follow u back once your actually following me???
There's no such thing as a bad idea. Just poorly executed awesome ones.
After it's been on the coffee table for two weeks: finally watching The Reader.
TOTES MA GOATS!!! I actually got to TALK to the boys for longer than 5 minutes!! xD
That's how I like to chair a meeting.
You say that like it's a bad thing.
true, let's not push Sharon over the edge. :) It's a shame my dogs try to eat cats. I would take him.
hope so!
Alright...a little nippy...the beauty of a heated Tiki Bar!!!!!! Peel and eats....roasted red potatoes w opinions....and a draft beer..
Thanks for the puppy chow, "The Voice", but I'm definitely not coming to your party.
NO THANKS, I JUST ATE - Tune in to Huckabee now! is coming up soon!
RT : To stay hydrated, spread out your water consumption. Don't cram to try to catch up.
its on the new video board out in right. Not surprised if its blocked from where ever you're sitting though.
US Constitution Article I, Section 9, Clause 8. No title of nobility shall be granted by the United States. Stay asleep this morning and H…
OMG it is almost Nicolette birthday So exited for her
Color pictures from TZ are few and far between.
Tuesday is Burger Night #Baltimore (8212 Liberty Rd) Get 5 delicious Sonic Burgers for $5.95 after 5PM. Not valid w/ other promo.
Can the scientists please invent something to keep people from spooging about politics all over your facebook page? K thx bye
Great! Thank you!
Love it! Really on point...
Thanks for the follow!
It started
If you don't follow my home girl she will sneak thre your window and rip your eyes out
I just want to cry, until I have no tears left. But, what'll that solve?
Just left emergency... Thank god everythings ok... That pain was no joke... Be blessed everyone..
thank u Rushers 4 your love but i have to say bye bye
You wanna know the truth & how I feel?
I'm in <3 I love my MCA and he's totally my favorite too. I want him to notice us too
Ate one of my favorite meals this afternoon. Chipotle Forever!
since i have a droid incredible phone does that mean i can't get the game??
"we have had an excellent relation ship with the queen" lol
Off on friday. Who wants to go and get their fish on?
Need some Ink bro? check me out, im in The Valley
It's a bonfire, turn the lights out!
Tonight was a crazy train with J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
Thanks for the recommendation of "Real Money."
It's birthday today!!! Much love and respect. Now. Get back to Cincy and play a freaking show!!!
and steps in to save the day. cultivate his good side--you all need him!
Wanna play tag? Okay. You it! Find me on Zingled.com
Wedding planning will turn best friends into enemies. At least in vegas they have everything for u. Lol
what are you doing there?
Indeed. Even her smarm is gorgeous.
Got to change twitter account to a much friendlier AuntieEmCustard. Thanks Caitlin!!!
Thank for the mention darling....CoffeeTalk fans excited about your classic piano sounds.
Its strange to think the songs we used to sing, the smiles, the flowers, everything is gone.
just get enough money so u can trade ur phone for an iPhone
God dam got too baked last night lol
Got my phone taken away!! like WTF.
[[]] Putting This Bitch On Blast His A Big Ass Hoe And A Slut And He Is A Big Ass Shit Talker Be Ware Of Him
Webpass ... I want you.
it just looks so cheesy!
“After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.”—Aldous Huxley
I JUST SPENT $50 ON A FUCKING VIDEO GAME!
great news - go Arthur
Thank you for the wise ones!
“: I wish someone would just come up to me and confess their feelings for me. Just out of the blue. That would be nice.”AMEN
awww, thank you. Which classes have I had the honor of hosting you?
Do not forget small kindnesses and do not remember small faults. - Chinese Proverb
all of my teachers have posted final grades...except one. You have got to be kidding me.
Winners don't quit they succeed
Thank you for that, Nancy. I try to be grammatically correct when necessary; Grammarly is a helpful tool to have.
Do you ever stop near the ball park?!
I'm at the 5k Race to Protect Children with !
Sustained drive - running attack - 1st and 10 at Omaha 20. 5 minutes to go
it's going to get awkward if "Like A Virgin" comes on during the enhanced security pat-downs
Uh North Carolina? Little bit fucked up?
goodnight everyone! stay positive and beautiful! xx
I love when Pierce opens up the restaurant. Always a ton of The Dead blasting from the speakers.
one of the best going in all of ncaa lax right now.
Michelle is such a lovely name. Especially when it's followed by Beadle and by "She's a Spurs fan."
Lets go BULLS!
Going in the kitchen!
Not worrying bout my #Downs...I only worry bout my
Thanks darling!
except for those in the stall next to you.
y'all have a steak & blowjob day? Well England is sounding a little better
Try this concept on: create a "Multiplier May" and just try and get ONE MORE of something. It could be a lead, a client, or a day off.
Marmol no longer a closer? Hm, bad move Sveum, bad move.
RT : Knicks forward Amar'e Stoudemire cut his hand after punching hard surface in lockeroom, sources tell
you should stay cool too, when You make it big! ;)
...and none for Gretchen Wieners.
- I appreciated the practical, realistic webinar: start with a pilot project, show returns quickly, add modules as needed...
thanks chunk
Interested in performing?Msg for details. #FOLLOWBACK Thanks
Both the Pharisees and man with the crippled were in need of saving. Jesus came to save both.
Who tryna text
If our currency changes to travel shampoos tomorrow, I'll be able to buy a pizza at least.
Who manufactures in #PIttsburgh ??? I do!!!!
go follow because hes awesome.
Gotta get my work done so I can watch the
are you guys watching a girls night movie on exotic meat night?
nice. Did that just last night. Great minds think alike. Tomorrow is grilled lamb chops!!!
: word. I just tried it, too--very interesting.
Round 2 with the kettlebell. We'll see who is victorious this time. Fine, it will probably be the kettlebell again.
you forgot
Wish I could be at the paramount today to see Obama!
The pacers aite
We will properly remove the damaged windshield, seal the area in which the window sits, clean and prime the new windshield. 414-409-7263
*takes deep breath* just tryin to make it to 11:59. I'll worry abt tomorrow when it gets here.
(Henry D. Thoreau) I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of a man to elevate his life by a conscious endeavor.
Orlando's Dwight Howard Headlines 2010-11 NBA All-Defensive First Team
Phil Seyer I'm hosting 2 Mammoth New Years Eve parties. If you would like discount tickets or would like to exhibit, let me know. Bay/Sac
ok, not running this year.... Stay tuned for 2014... buckle your chin strap. lol
Yes, I withdrew an application. I was relieved because it wasn't one I particularly wanted and wouldn't be able to take.
Engaging bloggers is essential for #Ford --> they tell our story -->People trust people like them.
SHUP YEAH! ita unfair how she does the words :(
#DrakeSongsILove. How many fans know that music is getting stale? they all sound the same to me we need to hear something new.
funny Austin, but ur not gonna trick us...
My best friend is schizophrenic.! Gosh.! Please someone help eric.
There will be more flagship e commerce stores -
hey I miss you! Yep been a week and a half lost 5 lbs already , well water weight ;(
Ooh baby I like it, you so excited. Don't try to hide, imma make you my Bitch.
sweet! They are talking about that board right now! Check out the item at the top of the board. Woot!!
Crap. My birthday message got garbled by the computer. Should read "¡Feliz cumpleaños!"
Woohoo! RT Looking forward to Summer O tomorrow. New recruits for and other programs.
In fact, my next status would be perfect for RTing. ;)
loved it!
Mac & Cheese has got to be one of the best kid foods in the world.
“LMAO! : "Saying that your work is better than a lot of the "SHIT" that’s out there is not exactly a shining credential.”
OMG! Whoa! I Fink your Freaky! Lol! The guy dancing creeped me out so I turned it off halfway!
RT Hey Pittsburgh TNA T-Shirts Now Available at Angle Foods Health Up Cafe. 3100 Penn Ave Pitt, PA 15201
I do what I can!
Gaddafi just invoked the Branch Davidians in his insane live TV rant. That can't be good.
it's in Middleton. I went there last weekend. Check out my pictures on facebook under mobile uploads!
RT Big game for the GHF supporters and were outstanding.
"Love is far more complicated than the way in which it is usually perceived."
OMG that's awful! Surveillance cameras anywhere???
Thank you!!
12:17 pm 61 out now. The beard might be going off just 9 more degrees.
You know you got a good job when your vacation day request is approved by your manager within an hour! Woot!
the cloud spoon rest came in the mail this weekend! And Mr. Naughty cat already put a chip in it! :\
Classic! So excited about this new tech incubator in downtown.
in the studio
#BasicEconomics Printing money does not create wealth. Wealth is created thru increased efficiencies and innovation. Govt does neither well.
No matter you're lot in life you'll feel better about yourself after a trip to the Arrowhead Mall in Muskogee, OK - my best friend Aaron ...
Beyonce was just named Worlds Most Beautiful Woman! It must be that "new mom glow" #congrats -CJ
Anyone else excited to hear the speech tonight? I wonder what Hail-Mary pass the president plans for us now.
Congrats on your 2012 listing on the IR 500 list!
Just found out my picture will be in the Business Journal for the #BrewersSMIS hope my Psych prof doesn't read the paper
hah, amusing. I like Tebow, just not a fan of Denver. It's an awkward place to be.
Have a blessed re-charging weekend. One needs quiet downtime.
Pretty pumped. After trading out of the first, I actually like the Broncos' day two a lot.
So Ingles was the place that you bought the Super Mario Brother's sours? :D
Lucky for you, you have plenty of jerks to choose from!
Well said. RT : One of the dangers of being in the wine trade is that you can end up tasting too much and drinking too little.
Added NCompass. Thanks!
It was a long Friday . But to end it is by going to my school's fun fair .
After two days of no sleep and worrying, everything is okay. Thank god she's okay. <3
wish I could-I'm in ATL but will b back in LA in 2weeks. #home sweet home and I can't wait lol
You handle your shit, I handle mines.. That way it's all god
How have you been, Tommy? Any Good Stories or Posts you've Written today or recently worth reading at "Mediaite.com"?
Then they made him go away so i decided fo gef in trouble so i could be with him:) & i weht to jail.
Today is NOT the day to be having #focus issues...
pretty good, subscribed to ur blog looking forward to future posts.
Mark your calendars: One month from today (11/19) is our 3rd Annual "Drive for Charity." $1 from every trip donated to local charities.
Just finished Warprize by Elizabeth Vaughan. What a wonderful book!
Good Luck tomororw and the rest of the girls team! The #BlondeSkwad will be there rootin you on!
XD hah i did tell you i wasn't gonna die right?
Just got home now on oovoo with my bf I love him
thats not good!
good morning ;-)
poor decisions
Affirmation of the day: I claim victory.
I'm so done with school
“: Kevin Na...hit the effin ball weirdo”
The are looking for professionals to become officers within the Nat'l Guard and set themselves apart from their peers....
going home now
The Merrimac Ferry will be closed 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Wednesday (June 8) for routine maintenance. -WisDOT
Be careful with your words. Once they are said they can only be forgiven, not forgotten.
Best RHCP song is probably Blackeyed Blonde... Congrats to one of the best of the 80s/90s!
Hmm... which book should I get started on? I've got so much I should be doing...
i wait in four four time.
Going to my junky ass room, who wanna clean it for me?
I'm not going to that! HA, but you can come to AZ and desert rat hunt!
Let's go #Broncos!
Relatively bummed #pmo2012 #opendata lunch @ World Bank is not to be held in its famous cafeteria. Maybe can get me in, haha.
I know some terrific moms. Can't name them all...but I am going to try. Doris, Karen, Jayne, Grace, Beth, Ruth, Maggie, Mia, Karen, Kristen
What is a must have for any game room?
When my name is mentioned with a "questionable" link by someone I don't follow or they don't follow me. Block or send as spam?
Was so sad to hear about #WhitneyHouston, such a beautiful strong voice is now gone.#nowplaying I Will Always Love You.
At the Cubs game with some pretty cool people
Who!! RT : #73 Mike Jones with the Stop!!!
If you're hungry stop in and try our famous Quesadias for 1/2 price during our 'Dilla Tuesdays at Keystone Bar & Grill! Stay late and enjo..
Coasters full of dirt from Citizens Bank Park...whaddya say?
YOLO = You Obviously Lack Originality.
When u start to write a book the 1st page is most difficult. After the book is written it better be damn good or it shouldn't be
There is an offensive side of the ice too!
The peas have tainted the leftovers of the chicken & dumplings you made. Your hero, strongly condemns.
Have I mentioned that this year's Welty Gala will be on Friday, October 21? We're glad it's coming back to Welty Weekend. More later.
still think it's weird and crazy that the colts have the first pick.
Crying like beez.. I miss sum1 really special to me :)
“: The Heat will beat whoever comes out the West, whether it's OKC, LA, or San Antonio.”
I look like freaken Frankie Muniz with this new haircut i got
awe bby brought me a bunch of roses & the poinsettia i wanted! =) how sweet!! =D
Download the Voxer app and add me, Caleb Brown!
In fairness, GT option uses completely different personnel, the trip-opt A/B/C backs don't fit into Oregon's speed option spread
What happened to beans???
Yes, but Starbucks is giving away free sample bags of their new roast & I found $20 on the ground, so today isn't a total wash!
Are you going to get a pair to review?
"Don't cry! Just score it as an incomplete forward pass."
congrats on your win last night Eve !
So, I'm no plumber, but I am pretty sure that toilets shouldn't leak all over the floor every time you flush...
Get me out of this room.
I'm just gonna drink a small barrel of Brandy, Beethoven has around his neck...
I am getting the feeling this Sheen roast is about as fresh as the produce at Aldi
IN FULL EFFECT
that's all nice and well but i'm afraid to click on that URL. skydrive + redir.aspx + cid=gobbleygook = scary! when will msft learn?
Naw im not getting a hair cut
Not to be mean or anything but that is just a little rude
Yello people of twitter!!
Click Like if you love Detroit techno and house music!
just saw the abdc commercial && saw you looks like you were having a blast. RT plz
speak!(In my church voice)
Fighting a cold laying in bed. Tryn prevent myself from getting sick
Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful." ~Samuel Johnson
OLLU SOFTBALL: Game times today are at 2/4 p.m. vs. University of Houston at Victoria. Live Stats will be available.
customer service rocks. Friendly, no hassle in-store exchange of ill-fitting jeans ordered online. Plus, 30% off my purchase!
It's dre's Bday tmrw private party tmrw hit me up Pluto is going in …Zeek out
I will always miss you buddy
RT : Good pussy will always make a niggah cum quick #fact, dats why u gottah do a round 2 fa dat ass!RT HE'LL YEA SO True
There are a lot of things being said about the Republican presidential nomination race.But boring isn't one of them!
Also tonight: we introduce two new shirt colors (red and green) as well as girl tanks! $10 a piece. Fresh run!
Think Ont Know; I Just Don't Say Nothing.
Thanks for the RT! :)
GutCheckCNN That sounds like the perfect reward for !
Oh okay . thanks for telling me . (: & one more thing . will we have to RSVP tickets or will we be able to by them offline
i am a belieber
*sighs* I do love me some coffee ALMOST as much as I love tea.
You're welcome. Thank you for all the work you put into it. I truly appreciate it.
OMG i am totally so addicted to Temple Run. Yesterday I played for 4 hours straight. :^)
People with low levels of antioxidants are more likely to have vision problems. Get vitamin C, E, lutein, and zeaxanthin....
yep, condo in shirly and work at Braddock Road metro.
im back
"I learned to drive on a model A" -my grandmother
#4HOURS left until Boyfriend... Oh my gosh I'm dying. I'm so excited.
Artic Char: Smoked, Matustake Mushrooms, Pine Nut, Marshmallow
Lifelong Bronco fan here Brickster. Solid hire by the Raiders. Allen is sharp.
The 2 things that most teenager/ppl drop there cellphones or there iPods
what was the party called for msft bizspark? salt lick BBQ?
Ha! RT : I before E, except after stanzas in Old MacDonald.
we love you & where you go we'll follow. Portland, Seattle, Denver, heck we'll even go to Chicago for you Matt
I did too! Stole ur idea ;) I need a moment like the WH kiss on Thurs, lol
Hello Mike !! Are you follwoing me? ( umm, no .. you are not .. LOL )
sounds lame, lol. You not gonna have ya girl come over and help you?
How do people not acknowledge how unbelievably racist this show is.
"You should love your son no matter what the sin."
+ - Never login to twitter unless you typed url yourself. You got hacked and need to change your passwords.
@ im not going to sleep until my husband is n OUR bed with me
Thank you! Look forward to having you back and screening your doc!
feel the same way, Jonelle. I'll never see a Red Bull without thinking of you. A true joy ...
happy ass got some liquor
I'd say mine, but just rather not. Vanessa know's who I'm thinking about. ;)
Facebook sets IPO for May 18
YOU are the defanition of white trash, noone else..you bash on your girls for trying to meet new people..so fucking what?!
Watching Lost Girl with Viggle Mon | 10PM | Syfy Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Be serious actors who want to do Comedy.
AMAZING!!!! I needed that laugh! You better rock that come baseball season!
lol. Oh my god
Actually, GoodReader syncing with Dropbox syncing with Mendeley is my current sweet spot.
I should have gone into education. I mean, I kind of did. But I'm saying, as a research and writing area. :)
Next time, the whole class will be organized as a Drupal-mediated Delphi process, and we'll blow through content like a well-honed groupmind
RT : A special shoutout to who introduced me to the awesome Scoutlabs today!! I LOVE it. :)
Oh, I guess DSK is a shameless sexual predator after all.
I saw a chamilion today, so i guess it was a pretty crappy chamilion.
Heading home from amazing Dallas!! Revive going global!! Let's do it!
almost done with the part !:D
New I,I sounds amazing.
this week perhaps? I miss u guys!
I kno better answer my calls !!
that really sucks :/ sorry for the late reply. :)
Thanks, Jamie!
I plan on partying like it's 1999. just kidding.
I did it! All seems well.
happy late bday srry I didn't make it to ya party hope u had fun
If any1 has hints on landing an academic job please send them my way, I'm on the market, spending time this week getting packets out
Because it doesnt like the word ugh
For the sake of planning ahead & due to the fact my grandparents ranch has sketchy service Team Bohl wishes everyone a Merry Christmas!
the bottom line is you are an intelligent consenting adult. The choice is yours. Everyone else needs to let you choose.
I'm going to mexico, drinking margaritas banging señorita's!!
I WANNA KISS ALL OF THEM!! #maybemore:)
WOW, lol. That's CRAZY! Y'all still got that ax?
What's good
Tommy is stirring the pot. :)
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover that the prisoner was you
hey:D
Thank you SO much! I'm blushing :)
yes you do need a set top box as well as a 3D ready TV
Cool- I'll be there this weekend b/c it is my reunion.
Woot! Look at us, being all adult-y.
FINAL SPEECH IS OVER!
I am thankful. I have to learn how to take time to nurture my own talents before spending time nurturing others talents.
Was consensus difficult to reach?
RT : #edtech2011: kids are inspired by entrepreneurs - reach out to them! Jenny dougherty"
always knew that one day, they'll try to bring me down
there were plenty of cowbells. forgot mine at the office.
Overworked and cranky. Tomorrow is a Me Day. If I don't do my nails and play video games all day while eating Honey Nut Cheerios, I'm wrong.
“: We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.”
Abt to take stage again at FunFunFun festival!!! Azz everywhere!
: Back to Dyker Beach. Fuhgedaboudit. Then to Lioni's for Brooklyn's finest mozzarella, "gabbagool," coffee soda.
Facebook makes you hate people you already know. Twitter makes you love people you've never met.
Well, I'm sleepy. :3 Goodnight, Twitter! :D
Why is that a graduation ceremony has that one boring,pointless can not speak talks about personal/political agenda?
2012 is possibly the final year for the CLIR Hidden Collections program. :(
Might just kick out the jams this morning.
hi! thank you for checking in :) i've been buried under piles of paper & surrounded by 2nd graders whose teacher is on jury duty!
by who ?
Maybe Apple should buy Facebook. They have enough money.
my new license plate says it all about me: RVA - ARTS because I am an art worker in RVA and proud of it!
I just wanna go back to sleep
All good Alex, thanks!
yeah, i'll let her know after the docs take more blood
#morningjoe this panel bet not start talking about women's health. It should be illegal for a panel of men to do so!
Hey Sean, I gotta go with Sonnen, and Davis. Please Chael shut up Bisping!
Lol my mom just got carded.
SMART girl! I'll drop off gimpy Goebel @ Lot F and trek in on my own 2 foots.
Rising gas prices shift from bane to boon for recovering auto industry Rising gasoline prices have gone from bane to boon for the recover
Rondo cnt shoot never except wen he play us bastard
Mosquitoes eat me alive. Skin So Soft.
no, we'll make sure you dont. in prodcution stages now. we'll contact you soon with details so we can all start blasting it out
I run in it all zone my team says illz go blizt
Watching the debate and missing Teddy Kennedy...
Not cool
It is soo SAD
Never be afraid to expect the unexpected...
Thinking British pancakes are good.....
Hi Brian, thank you so much for the follow. Tres cool! Looking forward to your tweets, comments & insights. Cheers!
Atten: LA Artists Only, is currently booking for the weekend of April 7th. If interested please email
Coming up on the show!Jeremy of & win a shamrock shake
That banner gets a straight red from me.
I like it. You guys do it right
yeah...its was a lot of fun. Live performances n everything. U woulda liked it.
We're structuring ours as a passive program with stations set out in our dept all day & I think we can make some of these work!
Agreed! I decided to DVR it so I can fast forward to the good parts tomorrow! :)
Hey man. Everything is good. Just doing my thing. Nice weather, sun is out. I can't complain. How are things your way?
You just made me think I got the text I was waiting for with that tweet :/ You are still awesome though.
you made us feel very loved & I'm just happy that your on our side ;)
Round dew
Maybe next year
Ordered Chinese food. Made it through some of my apps but couldn't even touch my sesame chicken. Weak sauce.
#ThatAwesomeMoment when you finally finish something you've been working on for weeks now!
Astrology is my pick to win the Preakness
Do you ever feel tired?
Lisa when are you coming to Dallas? I know its soon. You are my birthday present this year!
You were great: as ever, a motivational speaker of passion, clarity, & wit. Meta-levels galore {TFO + date}. Happy landings @ home.
doing great. nervous about my first live show later tonight. but it will be fine.
Thanks, pants of awesomeness!
thinking that my 1st tattoo may be
omg, thats so far. Are you moving closer to the stage?
I've defended him because of his bat. I can't do it anymore. His glove is more of a liability than his bat is a benefit.
I guess i'm celebrating my bday again @ #GoodLifeSaturdays !!!
Guy at the #SFGiants game reached across his wife and baby to grab a foul ball. Bounced off his hands to deck below. Wife displeased.
Incredible Pizza is crazy on the first Saturday of month. I won't make that mistake again. Cheap food and every kid in the world plus mine.
awww ABDC6 finished now i gotta wait till 10 for ABDC7 ;D
thinks FourSquare sounds terrifying, and will not be joining that one any time soon.
Follow back? :-)
Lol I mean Jerry haha Im using the iPad it
lol thats good how do you like college.?
A cookie from Levain Bakery is all I need for a perfect day! And its so big it pretty much lasts all day!
The #Milwaukee99 is just hours away! Follow us on Twitter for pictures from the event Doors open at 6PM
no problem! its true! where are you from?
england lose 3 strikers in friendlyh against slovakia: heskey, cole and crouch. calling little mickey.
why are the people at NA so........ weird ? u guys know what I'm talking about
It seem like some ppl brush their teeth n forget about the tongue 0_o
I wear 5 earrings going up each ear and they are all ball studs. They poke my skull if I try to sleep with them!
no fuck off
Be only on for a short,check my latest followers , FB many and clean up, will tweet more t-morrow. If you recently followed Dm for FB!
all of my family's funerals end up with laughter. assuming the person died at a ripe old age, as they all seem to.
If you don't need them to be frugal, you can still use them
I am
I know, i don't hold grudges. I will be happy for her and be there for her still. I do deserve better than what i had.
According to Elias: Ryan Braun is the first player to hit three homers and a triple in a game since Fred Lynn did it for Boston on 6/18/1975
Not sure why restaurants insist on wrapping my leftovers in a tin foil ugly duckling.
happy new year chica! Hope it was a good'un! Let me know about ur trip to new York!
"No, when Obama does it we call it evolving, not flip flopping."
Half a billion dollars just collided at first- owners, you can breathe now.
Mirrors are a small apartment's best friend.
YAY :D passed the french test woot woot and passed the speaking part too YAY :D
That would be appropriate, for sure. They actually did play at the Tractor a couple of years ago, for 20 people. I was one.
haha but it is probably somewhere else tho
o well text me later
I'm Chomping at the Bit to start My new diet & workout Training Regimen! Nothing but Oldschool hardcore & Heavy lifting!
gypt suffers a loss of $90 mn owing to Internet blockage
I can't even imagine what people did at red lights before cellphones
A Coffee Talk with Linda Richman reference? Fantastic.
maybe your eyelashes are just too sticky. Have you considered that? Hm?
if you could create the most poular sport ever- what would it be? Soccer with a two point line or UFC with explosions?
*comes back in from checking corner* nope, still no one out there with swagga like us.
thank you for guiding us on this Rapturous journey despite all manner of obstacles!
so... are you guys gonna bring Stephanie Brown back, or am I going to have to drop more books?
Thanks for the RT!
R.I.P. Dorothy Height, "the godmother of the Civil Rights Movement". She led the National Council of Negro Women for 40 years.
shut up lmaooo
MGG = Minnesota's Greatest Generation. Sorry had to twitterize it to fit it in the tweet.
suppose I were that desperate, would it be wrong to leave the kid in the kennel with the dogs? outside, of course.
We just got word that there will be Live Video along with the live audio courtesy of Doane as advertised previously. Links on our site soon.
yea bro its been too long
WOW! That was close! !!!found my phone!!! Would have pissed me off to lose all that stuff!! #ihatetechnology :-)
Surge in senior cosmetic surgery
That reminds me of how Tony Schivonne on WCW always used to say "Hogan has the hardest hands in this business!"
Hanging out on with Fully Focused radio and my band
The 40 minute delay on the MARC Penn Line really topped off this perfect day. Note the sarcasm.
People I like/admire want to #FreeChrisLoesch and while I don't know why that is, I trust them (at least in the Twitter sense).
Country??? time to put the Heat game back on.
i love when im out && i see advertisements of Battleship up :) cant wait
This is a scary bottom three tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Thank you for replying to my inquiry. Please keep me in mind for any social media/marketing positions. Thanks again!
oh dear. I'm afraid I'm speechless...
Will pick u up something nice for the next time we hang; red or white?
HAHA That was so incredibly funny.
That Feeling :) yea that one that make you Smile and Shake!
Only 2 classes today
I've been on HOLD with AT&T for 34 minutes. What a great way to be introduced to a company
you don't know uhoh, you don't know your BEAUTIFUL !
Yup haha looks like your favorite man is starting off the show :D
a what??????? Terrible news.
I'll bet he's led a pretty interesting life....
I never understood Usher's Climax video until now....<3
Affordable full-feature dental chair system grabs market’s attention
An If Play He Go To Heaven lol DC BALLY GAME
Pumped! bring the word today at
were listening to ourselves, always, but is prolly better than us. ;) love those guys.
Thanks for the RT! See you on Friday for the event!?
love your jingle.
You know I hate you, why are you trying?! Don't even look in my direction.
The days of digging into a site to find media are over
In same talk he also showed a grid for how he distributed collectibles in The Simpsons Game. He makes everything look good.
Some of the best hs memories of mine have been spent with courtney, chels and jenny. Ill never forget those good times.
Silly curiosity only #lds folks will get, Pls report when u hear quotes of Ann Romney op-ed on Motherhood in a talk on Sunday
I can only imagine what Vinny's thinking, right now.
Damn could have won the #bucciovertimechallenge picked Ponikarovsky but it was too late.
I love my life!!
okay give me a time and a phone number
<U+200E>$1.50 off an issue or subscription to The Rag all week long using code: CYBERMONDAY at checkout.
I want to win Snooki swag & read #GorillaBeach from because snooki is going to be one great mommy/wife. Supporting my grl!
Is anyone alarmmed at the sudden reports to push off preventative medicine for women so insurance/government can make more $ching$ up front?
OMG OMG ALEX RTED ME OMG OMG OMG. I NEVER EVEN NOTICED. OMG I CANT BELIEVE THIS. He never followed me though. How dare he. Love him anyway!
Aha My Twin Be Pulling 17 Nd 18 Year Old Cause She Look 17
My English class is so boring! They are not even teaching us English, I dont know what this is.
is San Jose cruising
Thank u God for each day u give n all the love u show amen
Well that was legit!;D
ouu Ohio? nice andaha we got lucky we barely got any snow this year :P
Have faith in me.
i think jisc's #dev8d did something similar with rfid (i think may know more.. sounded cool, at least.)
Thank YOU! Your talk was thoughtful, meaningful and beautiful. Just like how all great UX should be!
thanks Marcos! We are really excited! Feels great to be born!
I just noticed you had over 1 million followers :) Congradulations!
looking forward to ur set tonight at !!
my coffee with chocolate soy is excellent! How's your bev?
#previoustweet until we can draft another quarter back or find one in free agency later.
Shoot... Didn't see this in time. Not sure we know much off 90-94 anyway... Sorry. :(
Woo hoo!!! I got a scholarship :D
that's wssp ! I better get a BIG copy &d ima give you &d shay a copy of the pictures I took
Listening to Some Nights by Fun. and find the lead singers voice to be strangely reminiscent of Freddie Mercury's...which means, I like it!
a bad night turned into a GREAT night!! i love the bandd!!
She doesn't know this yet but is my new marketing guru! She is the best. Do yourself a fav and follow her!
Hi Vania RT you are old
as someone who still has the set-top box, will it still be supported, or will it get phased out?
Oh nice, the Senate eliminated due process! What other freedoms can we get rid of?
If I had a dollar for everytime I heard a dude talk about his dick , I be rich <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
'Conformity is the jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth.' ~John F. Kennedy
Ha, you are still on. Love it. A late goal from Valencia and Liga and CL might be have Clasico deciders. Just brilliant all around
nice segue there....
Always good to share some virtual wine with friends & others
ahh yes, whoring yourself out to the Trump media storm for $910 is totally worth it, especially in the name of charity. Yeah.
How boss is Kevin Steen?? Side note.
no kidding but God i love it. ;) the sad thing i took a quiz and Im most like Adrian!
Which of our services would you most like to receive as a gift?
Watch for on 19NewsNightcast She allows us into her home for a health inspection. Food Safety and You. Don't miss it.
We just be cooling it... We ain't going steady ;)
#Jamie and #Maren are available for keynote speeches, #conference presentations, #seminars or small group meetings.
"The modern meeting is special" on making better meetings
Good luck to all the Fitness NM Competitors! All of you are inspiring and amazing!
lmao its fine (:
lol yeah he mines too.. But Knicks ain't built for it yet
over-optimization == anything ranked above me.
tough Q but I am happy to consult. Now Dig This! at The Hammer is one of my top picks.
yea totally that's what's up
Moms Tryna Stuff Me With My Last Home Cooked Meals For Now & for Once In My Life I'm Not In The Mood To Eat...... -___-
ALMOST AT 300 FOLLOWERS! HELP US GET THERE! PLEASE RT
Really sorry to hear this, we had it here w/Fourmile Canyon Fire. Hoping for rain/wind shift. Do u have P2, P3 bombers?
hey #drupal folks - what's your favorite irc client for mac?
thank you! You are the best! :)
thats my point for saying them too for funnyness nd laughs
Apparently a bunch of DOL employees decided to all go to lunch or something
I just wanted to sleep a little. One selfish dude, no pun intended, shouldn't have deprived me of such.
aight cool. If you know any artists who want to collab, send them my way
He may yell at me and be dissapointed at times but ill always be his lil gurl
proud of the ones who show up without being called, and serve without being asked! Those are the real ones!
It is not a day for weak tea.
Go-Daddy ad: "Give Mom flowers, then surprise her with a website." ???? I don't think so.
--> good luck finding a place
The gov is more on top of things in the movie. I liked their incompetence in the book
Spa day where she can relax b/c that sister drops those babies off for free babysitting all the time!
Can you see what happens the 1st time Sanchez has a bad game. The back pages of NYC would explode!!
Ans: because she does not know what she is talking about.
Thank you for sharing Daniel!
wait... adam scott the actor? who gives a crap about golf? step brothers rocked!
Sometimes life gives u the opportunity 2 put things in perspective. When those opportunities arise, seize them.
I'll be there about 2
Waiting for that Loiter Squad to come on.
OMFG My mom just called me a wetback..
We're getting more in for the start of Spring Training! Keep your eyes peeled!
Sometimes you just need to bounce out of work early on a Tuesday and enjoy happy hour. 2-for-1 til 7:00 and Jam for Jam tonight!
Would love for you to take a look at if you have any folks with #speechtherapy needs! Mobile education for life!
Do any of you guys have prom this weekend?
Spotted on Monument Circle: the skateboarding bulldog is back!
wussup my dude??
s/o to !! happy birthday :)
Late night bag of popcorn?
lmao I know then he just Chillin in the grass.
What's the best iPad app for #Pinterest?
Agree w/ inre: suggestion of 1/50th engagement. Twitter <U+2260> facebook or conference line.
Hell yeah! Thanks that's so awesome and yeah we love those dudes!
can't believe it's almost may!!
(pt 2) I took your words straight to heart and am going to move on a project i've been too scared to do. Will update! <3 u!
Did U ever apologize for your part in the #CultureOfCorruption or just pretend it never happened?
Took a leap of faith, thinking I'd crash and burn. But you caught me, showing me another side. (:
Who watches anime? Did you know we have Anime Nights on Thursdays?
Yup, Thursday! Go Follow:
Can a comedy be gritty? We're sure gonna try! Working on the script right now. Like Apatow vs Robert Siegel
alright young jeezy
I find it borderline creepy when people talk to their pets
Agreed and agreed!
I know and you are welcome
yea but u said they told ur mom that u get to meet them
The point when you are BEYOND PISSED !
Congrats on your upcoming wedding! You're in AZ now? My brother is a pastor who works in urban ministry in south PX. Take care!
1 batch can be done in an evening so let me look through my calendar and get some dates
Live so that when your children think of fairness and integrity, they think of you. H Jackson Brown Jr.
If his agents are the reason he passed on doing Dancing With The Stars, Cruz has just cause for dumping them.
Q5) as with many things... It depends on the SME.
lol is it cold over there
Oh please! You have several in your closet. You just haven't visited that room in a while.
my heart bleeds for you RT : Nope - still in Hawaii (oh poor me). Have fun!!
All the way down in Puerto Rico!
holy shit we love you.
babysitting my cousin lol
": You've stolen a street sign for fun. #smalltownproblems" and traffic cones.
I pack and pack and pack and pack and yet more packing awaits...all this before I can begin the dreaded "last" cleaning before moving out.
Heading out to Seattle startup drinks
Oops! It's Tuesday. Wishful thinking I guess.
I LOVE ME¡!!!!!!! Im conceided i gotta reason
harshwinkler391 Thanks for the follow!
Apparently that giant silence I hear is all my gamer friends playing Diablo 3
i think Blake, hill and Barnes give us a chance..Odom shoulda never left.now look at him
I'm doing well! Looks like today is a rainy crap day though. What did you guys get up to yesterday?
We're looking for additional landlords to test drive our product and give feedback! Do you have a vacancy currently or coming soon?
life is like a garden , you never end up where you started .
Picking my best friend in the world up at the airport. Good bye sleep for 7 days.
most of the responses have agreed w that. i wonder how much editing has 2 do w it. rt Vienna of course!!!
umm..hi :3 please respond #hoping you read this... Or DM me por favor? :D
I could never choose between Jason Lancaster & Derek Sanders
Stop talking crap to acting like a harda$$ on twitter.. Will you aren't.
Reverse sushi happy hr with my #dtla gal
Got excited that National Kiss Day was trending up, til I realized it wasn't national KISS day. Surely, the ghost of Gene Simmons is weeping
Twitter is growing on me.
so the bleach anime is being cancelled on tv.....FUCK MY LIFE!!!!!!
I probably will but i dont even care lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> RT : LMFAO hope u can breathe!
So jealous! Steamboat is my favorite place. I think this storm came from that direction, so you should be set. Have fun!
: I hate that - and I hate having to buy custom cut mats at 20 bucks a pop to make up for it.
nows the part of the draft where im like shut up roger.
Davey says Leon will catch Detwiler tonight and next Det start
#fail i owe you ! trust me, that bowl pulled. but the next will be better ;]
well that's better than nothing! Lol :)
I can't wait! Lomille is my favorite storyline :) I think you are both hilarious!
So decided she is living with me when it gets close to my due date !
Bob Marley & The Wailers - Get Up, Stand Up - 12:48 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
I drink the sugar free one now too!
I'm blogging right now :)
If Charlie Rose and Charles Manson had a baby, it would be Bill Hader.
whats worse, the Yankees losing or writing a paper about an Emily Dickinson poem?
yall are jammin today! Love it! I don't want to get out the car! Lol!
Lmfao! My mom would too RT : My mama woulda slapped my soul outta my body if I would call her a motherfucker
Back to tomorrow, ! More tips to your teens on working with their younger reading buddies!
Black people as a race we need to
oh so it's ok for Chris Brown to go it but not me?
Fresh on second mortgage home equity loan: Vid 5 ? Ice Giant 99 ? ?Gamble? Completely
Let me throw in some of this.
still - don't piss off the mayor. Not a good move for anything.
It's freezing in the studio today
Jam's lead has been cut to 10 points by the 66ers.. 74-64 with 4:08 left in the third period
Abo to get up and get some money!
haha we were just talking about your name changes lol!!! <3 you nina
Breakfast in a cup - *if you enjoy these recipes, take a moment to and share with us one of your favorite healthy recipes. (use the...
#SignsOfCheating the student looking down at his pants during the test
At London Pub, drinkin' cider and listening to Rex sing. who could ask for more?
FOLLOW ME BACK:)
6am call time with an hour and 1/2 ride..... Im so excited for her, it doesn't even matter! #happy!
Yum. Alfred hitchcock. Never seen suspicion. Lovin cary grant as usual
What's even more sad are the douche bags submitting the pictures to the account. Grow up.
ok, you've just made #winestorming our new favorite word! Good luck - can't wait to see the results!
Jim Harrick. UCLA
. Seriously, Anderson? Still giving air to the tired bithers?
in theory Keaton has signed on ... it all depends on the script that's delivered & when it's gonna be made.
Too much coffee gives me heart burn. Take a heart burn pill and wash it down with coffee.
123 days until college football kicks off!
You're welcome! :) Stay tuned for a recap blog of Day 2 for those who aren't at
Next In Line For The Throne - BAM!!!
Trouble is a friend.
Hello my brother how are you?:)
Perhaps advocate with wisdom. Yes, employment is important!
Nathan Ryan Ninjas <3
Heading to #puertovallarta in March - have any suggestions of cool things to check out?
How's everyone doing?! :)
can not wait to have the weekend off :)
Thx for love, coming to ATL shortly! Cute idea for wedding registry, for restaurant gift cards! foodieregistry.com
Shut up, I knew that it was a song though. Lol!
yep..,dude you got it!
i basically inhaled my food.
Headed to dinner. Do you know how easy it is to get ready without 3 children and a husband ?!?! Got my skype fix w/ J tho! YAY!
I need to go shopping!
I prefer to be called a "grrl."
That's pretty great! Haha
Nope, he sure the hell doesn't!! lol I would have loved to go on any of the naval ships esp the haunted one!! lol
I got the modem provisioned for you. Can you confirm when you get a chance?
Brian, any chance you could snap a pic of either you and/or the winner of the basket and send it to me? Jaime forgot to take 1
Anyone know of someone who can replace the cracked screen on my laptop? Apple is trying to charge me $500. I could get a new comp. for that.
Communication is everything. Understand the art of listening & watch the walls of defensiveness disappear.
The Spools are taking the stage!!
send me a pic when u do
Thanks for the shout-out, Virgil.
4/21=National surprise drug test day
awesome night at relay for life!
i don't have your number text me lol 7408194909 :)
I don't know who they'd trade up for though
hey! Im tweeting u off of my dads phone:)
There's a time to tweet and a time to watch. #Madonna is a time to watch. KILLED IT! Talk about an entrance!
being a Pack fan, I dislike all things Vikings, but LOVED your snitch comments. Well said. Bravo!
fantastic weekend with the gang in vt. way more snow than expected. we are blessed.
such thing as "Grill Dimon"
okayy , you know you should follow me lol
#WV2011 | If you could set any resolution for the State of West Virginia, or its people, what would it be?
: Then why did we execute Japanese for waterboarding during WWII?
My teacher thinks we care about his stories. They have nothing to do with the lesson. Stop talking and get on with notes.
Hi Shannon! Thanks for the compliment, shout-out. TGIF. :)
“Life can only be understood backward, but it must be lived forward.” ~Kierkegaard
Wonderful as always! :)
You bet, Daniel. Keep up the great photos & content. Fish on!
Our hip tweet deciphering skills tell us you think we're great. Well, we think you're pretty fabulous too.
I love you, but I'm not worth loving.
: Thanks for this. Looking through my friends list now... If all else fails, I'll use it on my mom. She'd laugh.
out & www.bartweet.com
Don't let what foolish people say fool you.
Imma #GoDer regardless yadadamean? ['°°$'°°] put me in booth : I see you ice
haha yes! Btw I love your icon! :D
Thanks Sara! We wouldn't be awesome without our kickass users though!
he was closed for a few days, but he's back up and running now! usual caveat though to check his twitter feed to make sure
Ok, straight up: what if your backlog is full of crud? Don't shy away from acquisitions b/c of backlogs.
This Russian Trade Route Cuts The Distance Between Europe And Asia In Half via
ya but at least they're minority. Gov, both Us Senators, US Rep all favor marriage equality. US Rep from Boulder - Gay
when i first saw BTR I watch it in Polish translation,ur voice was so funny,You really should hear ur polish voice :D ;)
Need an idea for a Valentine's Day gift? Gift cards from Audible Images are a great gift. Call 412-367-4888 to get yours.
when?! Lol we should go to dc. No one goes to their games!
Have your employees been trained on accessibility legislation regarding service animal access rights in public places?
Happy Leap Year Beautiful People. Attn Ladies! Today is the only day you can propose to me so Git er done if you want this Chocolate
Is there someone God would have you honor with a special gift this year? Pray thoughtfully about that question and then do as God leads.
I try so hard, and get so far, but in the end.. it doesn't even matter.
The legend of Jordan strikes again RT : Jordan especially post baseball Jordan torched by smaller guards
... Holy Cow we are freeking out over here at AZHG! Woot for KFMA DAY!
Thanks for the RT's!!! GREATLY Appreciate it! :)
Really annoyed with all national media bashing Bo Ryan. Mich just did the same thing with Smotrycz and no one cared
One day ill figure out how to sync my Facebook with my Twitter smh
debating it. I don't want to get my ticket until like a month or so from now. have EDC & camp bisco tix(bisc may conflct w. ME)
rock. star.
What were you looking for? I tend to think of myself as a good realtor. Jason from Proper Realty Group 617-756-3029. Thank you.
Be there tomorrow section 218, go pats, go wes!
theres nothing wrong with being gay but I cant stand gay dudes who think its ok to disrespect girls
DPLA will be complementary, not competitive.
Oh, Julia. How are you going to run from yourself and run after your husband at the same time?
Do you think there are any moms that force their kids to play soccer just so they can be soccer moms? It’s a pretty prized position.
#FF NM peeps who make (good) stuff happen:
Goodnight everyone
calculated risks.... but high none the less. Real talk.
RT : Happy Friday!
I auto follow back everyone. Follow me and retweet this if you need more followers
Good luck. They have lots of stuff that is not Vietnamese or Chinese there. Let me know if you find it. Sounds interesting.
I could work for you and you could run for me :))
Just found out I'm part Argentinian
Should have had Morgan try to bunt for base hit and make Rhodes and Pujols do something
Why the hell did I not study for this AP test!!!
oh thank you! So great to see you! Looking great rockin' the #mubb hat & sweats!
please tell me you caught Jenna's mostly unintelligible meltdown on
fuck'n with some z's and those s's with the slashes thru em...
I saw The Fighter this weekend and enjoyed it. Bale was awesome. I've seen 2 of the best picture nominees for #Oscars. What is ur pick?
Hope things change soon!
I prefer the company of peasants because they have not been educated sufficiently to reason incorrectly
I wish I could afford to have brunch everyday (in cash & in calories).
hahaha yeah like in the store ya hooker (;
Let it be known: Sean Hiller thinks Fred Durst is a sympathetic guy.
I'm melting in this sauna right now
Children have entered 'Rio' phase of development. Its all tropical birds now...
#Salute to & , I remember them coming down to CAU dropping knowledge in my dorm room.
me either you think i aint got my card they bullshittin lmfao
#UCantBeToughAndSay i'm scared of the dark
Ugh fireworks got me feeling like I got PTSD.
Heading downtown for viewing of hdcam transfer, hopefully it's complete.
Music & your voice make everything better- incl. my knee!! Listening to you every chance I get. You've been wearing me out! :-)
#askvinny *****WITH FLASHING LIGHTS****** ARE YOU COMING TO KANSAS CITY IN JUNE!? kaythxbye.(: oh, mention my name, PLEASE?
It feels like haven't tweeted in a long time. I hate when my wife does spring cleaning. It takes 5 years!
please follow me! (:
Very excited for next weeks Festival.
Definitely. Can't wait to catch up!
Perfect beach day with and Morgan!!
You would think that, since I've talked to before I wouldn't chicken out tonight... But no such luck.
And they all lived happily ever after. And I'll call him Papa Bem-Dog.
Anything for my #Lebanese "cousin" :) Have a great weekend!!!!
RT That's Awesome . I want to go up.Please I'm trying to go again
thanks for the rt
Youth planner argues that we should be looking @ more than HS grad rate as indicator of success.
Oh good. They're fixing the sidewalk at the trolley station downstairs so instead of train noises we get jackhammer noises.
Great little video. I love your dogs. You do good work.
first. world. problems.
RT : #FF a quartet of quality for your Follow Friday pleasure. - Aww!
haha ive played forever, I just figure I'd finally quit mooching everyone else's frisbees
I am very glad to hear that, my friend! I wish more ppl were able to savor life!
What?! Some bim just unfollowed me.
It's just at the limit. Resend on Monday, it'll be cleared out by then
when you talked to me (;
Was on div 4 Broadcom @ Aliso viejo but they moved 2 div 5 so i'm looking for a team and I play at shoot to score on Tuesdays
Well done to the 2011 Peru Program students that raised over 2k for the Peru Project last week!
We are so glad you are enjoying your stay with us, Sonya! If you need anything, feel free to tweet us.
Thnk I'm Fina Gt Rid Of Sprint Too Many Dropped Calls Goin Ta At&t Or Back Ta Cricket
Drafts Test! Really nice so far!
I had a good time there.
This problem is happening on all of our Macs. I had a suspicion that it wasn't an isolated occurrence.
Don't ever say your not good enough because if he can't see how beautiful you are,then he's the one who's not good enough.
If I didn't know better I'd say you are at Toulouse Petit.
same here. Let me know where you end up going! Well take some celebratory #shots!
Hello, thanks for the follow! Bridal Tweet is an amazing site, so supportive!
RT : Diversity is valuable to an organization only when people feel free to bring those differences to work. From Rule 27...
We've reached the point in this work meeting that I'm agitating to go to the baseball game.
Morrison: I spoke with Carkeek and she said we need to find out where the funds will come from. I think it's about $8 million.
Hanging out with the sick wife working and watch Jerry Springer. Good Times.
If You Want Me To Follow You Just Ask ! :) Lol =)
#iCBallers where we play.develop.succeed. Good morning tweeps!
Still ray on keys at my bday? Hmm
Okay I listened to this song by your band last night, and you guys are awesome!! I am now a Fan! <3
As a 10 min/game back up-maybe. RT : Should the jazz go after Jeremy Linsanity this off season
actaully I need to get a copy - couldn't down load it
Monroe adds a run and leads Edgewood 3-1 in the top of the sixth
Summer is finally here! Are you ready for summer? Check out all the latest trends at www.beltsdirect.com
I just need a fresh new start & I think this apt is goin do it for me!
#ICanHonestlySay I'm not single. I'm simply in a long - standing relationship with fun and freedom! :D
I also think there would be a lot of choices, but I haven't found one yet.
Is that really called a workout? -_- 6.4? I burn that sleeping RT : FACT: Kissing burns 6.4 cals a minute... wanna work out? ;)
Bye, bye flannel sheets. Hello T-shirt sheets.
Gosh, this movie is good. I love how they're all talking over each other. The banter reminds me of my favorite books.
u have too much faith in me;)
RT Tomorrow will co-host #Blogchat how to balance personal & professional on blog! 8pm CT/ Jessica is awesome!
They say hard work pays off...Yes that is true but when yo body say #Rest, which are you going to listen to...Your body or Society???
Disney Characters On Ice This Weekend
Hernandez can't link up like Berb!
OK folks, I making a playlist of disco tracks that have been sampled in house/hip-hop/etc tracks. Holla at me with recommendations.
ha, true. There was a festival in NY last year, can't remember the name, but it wouldve had the Sioux facepalming it.
Lol morning all.
I'd blurt out ILOVEYOUFOREVERANDYOUHAVEBEENMYINSPIRATIONFORTHEPAST5YEARSANDSTILLMYNUMBERONE
No words. “: Zuckerberg could spend $300k per day for next 80 years before running out of dough.”
D* 2tuday dhee last day in BLACK HISTORY MONTH.!
this time tomorrow you'll be in your last exam before FL!
One of my teachers was listening to pandora radio today & We Owned The Night comes on & everybody starts singing! #loveit :)
Many thanks to my website reviewers -- you rock!
Hotness! RT : I'm down. Tutu and an inhaler. I'm gonna be so cool :)
Eat cookies theyre good for u
Happy Geek Pride Day to all my geeky friends! You know who you are...
Hey Will everything is great, and how are you?
Yes. Are you?
ok.. so maybe Im procrastinating by being online..
I'm also gonna cry cus I'm not going to #WangoTango today!!!! ):
my pleasure
hahahahaha NICE! I gotta watch that again!
Diggin' the Michelob Ultra "Bars of the #Marathon" takeover on today. Very visual & timely. It made me go to the
for a bachelorette party? yes, a guest. the wedding party doesn't pay for the entire thing, guests are supposed to contribute...
We want to know what you're doing this weekend. Post it on facebook.com/newplex. A one stop shop for the latest "haps" in the "hood"
i get dat white boi money
Even though I'm dead tired all day every day, I can never go to sleep when it comes time..
Our Bread of the Week is Tuscan! Get your Tuscan loaves 40% off today! Available at both our Downtown Library & Hillsboro Village locations!
Hi, my name is David I volunteer at an underground venue "The Orphanage".Can you send out a correspondent?773-807-5157
Call me old fashion, but I'm a simple man, I enjoy getting stoned and watching Star Wars..
From yesterday, , this tweet's for you!
I use olive oil nearly every time I cook, love it. The article you shared about cold pressed, virgin, light, etc was great!
Yeah, we just changed our boat rules. Everyone must wear a life jacket at all times because of exactly that.
Great rebounding by the Clipper guards! Clutch free throws by the Red, White and Blue crew!
excellent! Can you call me sometime this week to discuss?
We're trying to organize a #warof1812 editathon here in Baltimore & I'd love to see a similar event in Canada. Any interest?
does the Hanover Grand on 6 Hanover Street in London still exist? Can't find a current website and phone number is out of service too! :-(
Driving from NM yesterday I listened to "A Brave New World" through my car stereo via text-to-speech on the Kindle. It seemed appropriate.
Off work and exhausted!!!
honestly, I just want the whole order canceled. Your product doesn't work. and you've wasted too much of my time today.
Hello twitter world
I don't think that's what he meant. Funny though.
oh yea! glad you liked it! i have it on pre-order! ;)
“: u performing out there too?”lol ant going to that shit
I need a vacation.
Did the Kodak Theater really change it's name to the Dolby Theater???
Always great to chat with you, Traci
Now is a good time to take a nap : )
lol ..that's Roger Clemens for you smh ...threw his wife under the bus..
what's up
Girl ran away from home, is running red lights along Butterfield Stage Road with police in tow.
"Sony would know best" bwahahahaha
I’ll erase you like I drew you, bitch.
Looking forward to rolling with the tonight! Bar crawl through the starting at the Village Idiot at 7
Happy Friday dolls! <3
that's the girl that farted!
Tomorrow morning at 9:00 am. Good Luck!! Thanks for the RT
Who wanna gimme a parking spot tomorrroooo?????
Just finished up practice, about to head to and so should you!!!! (at 8)
Just re-activated my work-based Facebook account. Will I become a social media mega-queen, or will I forget to check it like I did last time
"I need someone to clap for me..." ~E. Badu
looks like i am back!!! thank you twitter!! and my PLN for your support !!
night :p
It's funny to be so hungover that you have to turn the brightness down on your iPhone.
omg I must have my musicians bracelet!!! I don't think I can breath another second without it!
why must it be so cold in my room
Great seeing you again tonight: ALOHA!
I'd like to think we'll move beyond SM as a mere reflection of our physical spaces.
thanks for live tweeting at the conference :)
Can't Recover Asset Pricing?
Hey everyone, how r u all doing?!?
S/O to our new followers DL our Earth People EP and catch us at
I never understood why a girl would be a "dime that's top of the the line little waist with a big behind" if dimes are so small.
IM 20 AN NEED MONEY, IM ON THAT PAPER CHASE BRO CASE U DIDNT KNO ...GET AT ME
what the? Lol
I was on the hunt for margaritas!
Did he fight you for extra leg room?
yes am aware and was not being serious. :). Come on its Saturday!
my faborote song was dtummer boy
Live Gratefully
Good day ;)
check it out -RT: Just found a woman on that named her son
what do you think of Bruschi's claims? going for over 2000? I don't think it's crazy...
Who's got the biggest smile of the morning?
Your bro has his fight soon right? How u been?
Watching 's "Face Off" with and No chance this fight will be worth the $60 pay-per-view price tag.
love ur flow would love to meet up with u if u still in the A
will do!
They say #Hate is a strong word, bit isn't #Love an even stronger word..
And then there was the time that I went to Richmond in February and it was 70 degrees. I credit
hip hop is alive. Remember its not just music its a movement
I used to think that I was more full of myself than anyone around until I met you... #conceitedmuch?
I know the feeling...
| Thanks for the follow! Let us know if we can be of service to you.
Great web design at a affordable price. www.gostudiogreen.com
Do you do much with mobile or are you more on the social side?
that's awesome, I'll shoot you guys an email but like I said, it won't be for a while. Glad to know you guys would be down tho!
Wow. Yeah, that's a lot of transformering. Get that boy on Game of Thrones, and quick.
Well it is that time of the year. Better start training.
Hey just sent you a FB message re a web series. Friend of
Never say you can't achieve your goals. Simply say I presently struggle with. Change your perspective, changes everything.
Temperature in Arizona- 90 degrees. Temperature in the ILC- 0 degrees. When is finals over?
I'd be content with flying cars.
Steve Harvey is a great Family Feud host
Right back at you! RT "#FF NBA Playoffs "
have you checked out today? our boy is the new default on their page :)
If paid their fair share in taxes, we'd have over $20 billion to spend on putting people back to work!
history and memory, memory and history...I hope I remember anything after 1000 pages...Kammen and Blight
Gotta love our grads. gotta love 'em. gotta support 'em. gotta serve somebody. serve our grads this thurs at GradCeremony. 90 lafayette 7PM
#TWKD that is so true, and good thinking
Good ol days
Let's talk Telly. Bezels, thinness, thickness, 3-D, hues, web. What do you love and/or hate about your big box of broadcasted goodness?
If I want a full time #job as a #graphicdesigner who should I talk to?
Wants to organize focus group of #Baltimore leaders in academics, service, business etc for scholarship program; message for more info!
Lmao dude in front of me jus told the lady in drive thru his car gne run hot waitin on her. Smh
I dont do well with takin risks and this is about to be one.
FWD: : This week we are putting the 'promo' together for the new video!
Can you hear the coming verse,reverberate throughout the earth? Just say the word,don't be deterred, NOW is the time to CHANGE THE WORLD
Waking up with King 5 (in Seattle) for Tacoma clients.
just registered to play 8 tournaments starting in 13 mins...
Gonna get my bars run for the first time in 3 weeks! I can already see the crap lining up to exit my head!
Hey "eye see you" Symphony Crack T Coming soon : )
You the boss, you you you the boss
Why, hello!
I would totally be ok with getting a massage everyday for the rest of my life .. My body feels like jell
There is no anti-Mitt. Mitt, Newt, Santorum, Perry, Huntsman, Bachmann, Cain, Pawlenty, Roemer, Obama are the anti-Paul/liberty candidate.
going out! Haha idk exactly where but where r u goin?
I know that feeling. And that book had a way of transporting me somewhere else.
It's the return of Gold Coast's Finest to the Gold Coast!
Ooh I like it! Nice work
Waiting to go in.. Its friday for ya boy.
are those your famous rice krispie treats?
Nice! Very Nice!
what was it like when you first met each other?
#Medeco #eCylinder remote programming eliminates the need for the key holder to interface directly with the door!
With the final reg 408(b)(2) if you don't make a real effort to disclose in 90 days you will be fired - David Levine
YAAAY!! We fell asleep lastnight with the front door open, Mark fell asleep on the floor... haha
Any thoughts on why the city opted to build instead of buy (or partner with private dev)?
We can't change the world unless we change ourselves
Brain/Lunch break :( over - back to the "Methods of Madness" that's the foundation for my path to success of achieving my goals..my dreams
welcome back!
thank you everyone for a gr8 night!!!
I love that when next to you plays on my phone it goes Dj Cuff Your Chick
Follow me on Instagram: - same as Twitter
why the sad face??/:
HAHA that ones is funny. Haha. Now I'm having a giggle fit
Srsly. A one-way ticket to Oz ...
How can you tell when a drummer is at your door? The knock gets faster.
i'm doing ONE DIRECTION ships on my Tumblr if anybody wants one. i'm bored. :)
I know & I appreciate it, just been really busy & of course i'm just giving you shit.
We are moving to Las Vegas. We are excited to review your new book, just send it along.
Lol.. Yeah I guess over a year is Quick :)
Governor Dayton proposes Advisory Group to look for ways to improve transportation in the state
motherhood, writing, the life of the mind. discuss.
The music for "Felicity" on Netflix streaming is different than the original music for the show. I don't like it.
it's alright. Enjoy time with family. Bulls will get that ass on Tuesday.
"The answer to life's problems aren't at the bottom of a bottle, they're on Facebook!"
Totally agree that youth is wasted on the young
For serious: she's 1 of the most hard-working ppl I know“: In the plot twist of the century, the valedictorian was homeschooled.”
No matter who you are, everyone of us a star, inflame thyself in prayer, invoke often....Love is the Law
I'm swinging in the rain. Just swinging in the rain
Thanks so much for attending the event! We are so glad you could make it!
The only two people I have chances of seeing is Dylan and Alabama capital only because they live like 10 mins away... No austy for me.
you are a women.
Great to see you representing our great city!
#thatakwardmoment when your trying to find a movie on hbo and you have seen all of them
Thunder-Heat is about to be a sweet series.
Good morning! If you woke up on the wrong side of the bed then i suggest google image "crazy faces". Your welcome.
I wouldn't be so mad if they didn't get me so emotionally invested into these characters & this world.
Great mission. Thank you!
My cuz just said man these girls in here look like they had a rough lige .. like ROUGH ..LIKE RUFF :::BARKS::
Enjoy the pink mood lighting!
Need to remember to consider Chandon with sushi vs. sake. Nice pairing with the seared ahi tuna roll.
that 5 second comment was killer. Paul is such a dingus.
I had one of the best times last last night at the Maze concert. The wind was blowing, I was dancing, and the sound was quintessential Maze.
can't believe people are celebrating death. i feel sickened- not relief- this death will change NOTHING.
Hope to order your jersey soon
hello new follower.
Rose Ellen and I both like the Spinners.....who knew!! Working on event planning and future donor events...
ack! Hope you are ok! :(
Don't play. I'm serious.
aw? thats it follow back or your ass is grass nigga
twitter is free. Cell phone service is $30/month. Are you suggesting I don't own a phone?
Easter Weekend hope everyone r able to enjoy it, friends, family & food.
stay tuned ;)
“: Yup, HP & Deathly Hallows pt 2 made me and the sis cry just as much the second time.” Same. We were weeping babies.
RIP bassist Donald "Duck" Dunn, Master funk-groover joined the evergrowing numbers of musicians playing at that "great gig in the sky"!
You'd have to watch a 15 y/o girl cry for her gone 82 y/o grandaddy to understand why I resent Cheney and his undeserved heart.
Rage team meeting Saturday February 26th at 10am at SM public library. Mandatory for all players
dedication is the key to everything that's way we love y'all so much #truebiebergirls keep it up
so 13 articles in the last 3 days? is on a writing rampage! :)
Going to hell aka
Always appreciate it Cherie! ;-)
Ha! RT : People! The longer it takes to get to your seats the longer it takes to get to the bar.
Heading to san antonio....god this is gonna be a long drive :/
Qupid Penelope would def make the transition from day to nite.
Team #MIA I am very close to middle finger malfunction right now.
Dahmer tour isn't for me. How about people getting together and do something constructive...
First time I've been to the gym this early in a while
I'm the worst babysitter lol. But hey at least the kiddies are happy cuz they get to do whatever they want
Did you like the app? RT : Using TabbedOut at Humperdinks-Arlington. Go Rangers!
how are you?
Once again, today Delilah miraculously managed to avoid getting assassinated.
Ppl think becuz u get married the cheating STOP hum U got another thing coming that's when it just begans and it gets worse
Make you feel that way :)
Happy Birthday, Maynard Ferguson!
hahaha ^-^ oh my yes you are gonna get an F!!
The Paper Castle charity event for I Love Schools. Tonight at the W Hotel in Hollywood. www.thepapercastle.com
I'm only kidding. How would you like to be the host of this radio show I've been planning?
State and Fed Tax Extension ready to mail!
lol no it all happened so quick
You only live once, so make it worth it and live your dreams, never say never and be fearless.
Let's go! FOOTBALL!!
No words can express my post trip #exhaustion. Need #sleep. Need my #kitten. Need to not be sitting in a car.
I know the feeling, just saw Pat Benatar in Costa Mesa
I can't get hardik pandya's "kinect for windows" library working in Processing... why won't Processing recognize it?!
Oh, keep forgetting about that. Hope it isn't an unhappy surprise when GH scores arrive.... We might need a support group mtg.
COME out to tonight 8 PM for Cincy Brass, Animal Crackers, and ECLIPSE for their CD Release Party!
Can't wait for tomorrow. All the candy on sale :D
i miss you :(
We r happy 2 C so many people taking advantage of the new #snow & renting #snowshoes! Even more happy 2 C everyone return with a smile!
and how do you propose getting to work as a carpenter? How will the stores get their supplies that you want to buy, FOOD?
i can't do that my dude, my manager wont let me brutha..
Great meetup last night! Loved learning about all the great startups!
Holly Hofmann & Frank Potenza Trio were really smoking tonight at Jazz Live at City College. KSDS membership a best value in SD!
I'm sorry but liberals piss me off as much as stupid people
Have a Super Sunday........Grow Faith, Give Hope, and Spread Love HOPEPARK.COM
Chain smokin loud like its a Newport <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00AC> - 2 Chaaaaaainz
Day keeps getting better, got Wrestlemania 28 on Bluray in the mail a day early and Amazon refunded back $5 bc the price lowered on it
likely headed there as well; meetings might prohibit me, though
oh my gosh, yes! Trader Joe's has a knock-off Nutella product now. It's dangerous!
I wish The CW would put on a new family drama. What is wrong with family?
and why is that.?(:
Meaningless words that can't be strung together right.
How my cohort was introduced to it: John Law's "Notes on the Theory of the Actor-Network"
no I didn't see the pink scarf! I'll check it out later
Hi, Im Mr Right. Someone said you were looking for me.
Do that. She's a real piece of work. RT : I was going to google her when I go to bed
#favmovquote "You want my spot Flash, You aint gone get it cuz you aint got it-5 Heartbeats "Eddie Kane"
Walked in2 Onalaska Oops...it was pre-open training night!Lol! Reminds me of store openings
I'm glad you liked it... probably the best exercise ever created (minus one other exercise and the high heels, of course)!
"If you don't follow , I'll kill you with a fork." haha, it would be interesting to kill someone with a fork.
I have to go see it this weekend !
Oh, wow. And I was going to offer to pick up food for you guys (I do the Tuesday lunch run).
Don't delay your business - start a Google Places listing now!
thanks love! Can't wait to see you :)
Shopping for an amazing performance piece for my anthem performance next Sun Sept 25th
Chicago traffic. It blows. Don't miss it one bit.
You don't know what tomorrow will bring so don't pass up the chance to live today
Dude, last night I dreamed that a half-ram half-doberman attacked me but this thing that won the Westminster dog show freaks me out more.
Actually, I never see tobiko, but I easily get masago almost anywhere in the USA. It comes from an Atlantic fish called Capelin.
RT The 3 Stooges being remade is a true sign that the Mayans were right...
Are you or your friends/family members looking for a new dentist?? Kravitz Dental has two convenient locations in Miami & Pembroke Pines!
ha. X
Dolphins are some horny little bastards.
U TWO
ESPN Classic is more racist than I would have thought.
way to start you career man! Congrats!
EL food helps people stick to their diets without sacrificing taste!
Oracle, Google lawyers spar over jury instructions
Rob James vs. Patriot I in singles action.
It sounds exciting!
Our feelings are hurt.
Malfi brought his appetite tonight
I guess that's just how they do it in Bolivia.
Stand-By Alert !! Animated Shorts -- Friday
I love how it was "on the fast track for approval by Congress until the White House criticized" it.
Cuz if it dont make money it dont make sense
Good morning to you too! Almost Friday...
So jealous.
When is this party train coming into Boston?
Thanks for the RT, Ellis!
I'm so sick and hungry
actually id say thats not a bad wish list.
Girls who are orange and have yellow hair...please just figure it out.
morning commute brought to you by The Band featuring The River Hymn
No worries, I really respect the communication. Not enough companies do the same.
Do you have instagram? Take pics of you with HL stickers, graffiti, shirts, hoodies, artwork...whatever you want and tag it #HOTLIFE. :)
Looking for a great deal?? Well, don't look at for one.
Canadian modifier? That's racist dude, but it wouldn't be half the factoid without it ;)
looking good!
WFA is at full swing! Join us, don't miss the excitement!
#nameyourfavoriterapper Young Bravo
june, I think I can swing that. Where we going too? Stateside, beach, cruise, amusement park?
cool for weaver, but it's hard to downshift to baseball after
living life to the fullest
Always have an extra pair of socks
it's to shove your face in so you don't scream while getting fucked in the ass
CITIZENS ARREST: just saw a BPD officer chatting on the phone while driving down Madison.
Ebook request form on the library website (via embeded google form)
NP! Follow us RT : S/o to rt1100am thank u guys for playin my music s/o to &
you know nothing...so why talk to me?
yep. The industry is so competitive it makes it easy. They r great about giving credits.That's why I still have them
We had a super healthy supper of spring rolls!..we're now having a second course of bacon grilled cheese..
David Cameron says he wishes the film The Iron Lady had been made "another day" as it focuses more on "elements of dementia" than "an amazi
Dave&#39;s Pro Collision in Beecher, Illinois Adds U-Haul Rentals
lmao! How about a 'flava of freddy' type show - 12 addicted bimbos vying for his ring?
Headband kush on deck.....
that's the only reason why?...don't feel sorry for me. I'm just not a bandwagon fan. I've been a "Heat" fan since 03.
*puts you in my big pot of stew*
Saw you on KXAN; you did well...
How the hell were we not following RVB!?! () Good luck on draft day!
If you put a bunch of chocolate on a plate, its a valid meal.
whatever ! You can too !
-Ty doll for the mention! On a follow limit, but will follow soon! Need more #followers! xox
haha the one time autocorrect fails and doesn't correct
Hahaha just got bumped to actor!!
Where ever you are whatever your doing i know you've thought about me and i've thought of you too!
Did you get the evil NOLA head cold? I'm still recovering.
If anyone knows of any Showrunners that might be interested taking the Single Chef to any Networks let me know. We have a great Sizzle Reel!
UGH..I need silver shoes for Friday..I miss raiding my aunt's closet in VA
I can tell you that the first page is good! I JUST downloaded it to my iPad thanks to Netgalley.
It's hot in the valley.
A very good morning to Happy New Year & thanks for being new followers.
r u at the great mall
hey everyone!
ahh going in late tomorrow, if only my mom knew how to cook something other than cereal.. oh and
don't you worry, one day you're going to be able to wake up and not even think about him.
Im lost, Im tired and I can't seem to hide these tears anymore.
That's great - I love that Blue Bunny commercial with the "Bobby" - What a hoot
#NP Bear - The Antlers. This song means everything to me.
Anyone know where I can find an affordable but stylish rolling rack for my bedroom? I ran out of closet space 3 shopping sprees ago.
RT Waiting for my food while stoned teenagers talk about Tosh.0. "We Are Young" is on the radio.This tweet is a suicide note.
Heating pad is in order today.
what is #ds106? looked like an entire different world that I had no idea of
I'm at and you should be too
prove it cock cunt
a coworker is headed to NOLA this week. Looking for places off the Frenchman/FQ track for live music?
Happy Monday and cheers to all of our new followers over the past week! We've got some cool things in store this week. Stay tuned!
enjoying thinking about motivation: stick/carrot; autonomy, mastery, purpose; leadership, results, knowledge, aesthetic, tradition, social
I can't sleep!!!! I'm so emotional smh ... Lol
don't listen to She's a Debbie Downer.
All of us get lost in the darkness, dreamers learn to steer by the stars. - Rush, The Pass
When you're a Jet, you're a Jet all the way ... RT : #bayM1GS right now, this crowd lacks the vibe of a rumble
Life's not a rehearsal. Each day is a new show,no repeats,no rewinds.So give ur best shot in all your worthy acts as the show goes on and on
I'm great. Busy, but great. How about you?
I cant believe you commentend on my status saying u love me when yesterday u wouldnt even let me talk to my newphew....
Star Wars marathon.
I have an eye but cant see, I am stronger and faster than any man alive, but I have no limbs. What am I?
haha I'm working on it. I think you got me beat :p
I just got your samples for you new scent!! Ah it smells fantastic! I love it! cant wait till it comes out.
Just tweeting you to tell you how handsome you looked tonight at the kca !(: And next you should perform for us <33 love you
Funny how we concern ourselves with "what-ifs" that haven't even happened yet and may not even happen.
& be scared very scared
There wasn't a single part of that that wasn't wonderful. I've really been blessed with an amazing week filled with awesome experiences!
Rick Warren: &#39;Newsweek&#39; Exploiting Easter With Religious Cover
Thanks man
Hello , suggested I contact you regarding research on academic prep for advertising work. Would you have some time?
Getting in-home and tracking geo and #mobile call-to-actions can yeild a local data perspective, effecting every media channel
Good morning, good morning to you. Nothin' could be grander than to be in Louisiana In the morning, In the morning,
Yes Khama, I would love to! (Sorry I didn't see ur msg until today) Let's talk!
Enrollment down, canceling classes, displacing adjunct faculty. Not fun.
Swaggy, follow back
If #police had the monetary incentive, they'd walk a beat & not consider it punishment. Foot patrol is tough work & deserves compensation.
I guess Imported From Detroit worked so well for Chrysler, they decided to use it for all the brands? Odd.
when you get a text from every dude except the one you expect one from <
Flyline Search Marketing welcomes our newest client, Pleska Law Group.
OH YEAH! Tomorrow marks my one-month anniversary on Twitter and I'm hoping to get to 5,000 tomorrow! Help?
Miss, A 9
What a devastating runway
Pink friday
haha I know that could have been. Ur lucky u didnt step in my piss haha
Twitterville make it a great day!!!! Remeber, Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.
My last tweet didn't make sense -_-
You need me to bring you one? Thanks man!
Next time we need to have a vote for the things we pay for that we really don't give 2 flying pigs about
#Ac ah thinking bout charging niggas 30 ah hour to sit in it lol smh #HEAT (NOT MIAMI) lol
Good Morning My Dear Followers!
COLD FRONT EXPECTED THURSDAY! Be sure your vehicle's coolant provides adequate protection. will test your vehicle's coolant.
Me too! Everytime, I click on them thinking I'll have read them all and then usually maybe I've read a couple. Maybe!
haha! I win everything. Even
organizing quilt projects - 15 toppers waiting to be backed and quilted. Must create a plan to get these projects finished. . . soon!
BARF. so sick of "girl", pink, etc etc.
Thanks for the update Perrine! I love your dedication. The story is captivating!
hey baby;)
What's one best book you've read in the past couple years ... which you think should be a movie?
Don't say you can't dance and then try to go home with me. If you can't move on the dancefloor, I'll think you can't move in the bedroom.
Boys gutted out a 3-3 tie with the Huskies. Now a bus ride back to Madison then it's time to get ready for the Rats of Minny.
My next tattoo is going to be so painful but so worth it .
NO! I am NOT getting sick. I will not let that happen. ~>_<~
When Im mad I shut down
Biggest mistake ever. Ruined everything.
So what's next?
yes guy! im here rght now--
We had on the same shirt today!!!! Yay!!!! :)
cuz yo booty is very tall!
MTA employee at my stop's ticket booth looks like vampire Tom Savini
10:15 maroon 5 hasn't started....hm will the show only be 40 min long?
What great tweets from U both! We love it RT : Amazing breakfast this morning! ----&gt;“: Breakfast burrito fro...
you're always in my dreams, and I bet you don't even think about me.
still twittering
"The [Lincoln MKX has a] smooth ride, even over large potholes in my dirt road. Best ride ever!"
i've been "running" for an hour... Should be good for 90 on Monday.
"Building tribes is critical- create content that only targets this one group" - Smith at
I hear you there!
Train derailment in Cudahy. Report of diesel fuel spill.
In the cards! Those small batteries in greeting cards can find themselves in little hands -- and little tummies. 10 p.m.
" : Who wants to buy a new iPod Nano 6th gen?" Anyone interested? 8GB, Pink, Brand new in box.
I'm a "politico" this week... joining my dad for a meeting with House of Reps Majority Leader Eric Cantor.
that's i feel about HIM lol sadly no they don't offer it at my school.. i've been slowly trying to teach myself
"Got to. This America, man." I'm in DEEP.
<<<~~ CHECK OUT THA NEW AVI !! DROPS NEXT WEEK #FREEBOOSIE !!
Hm platform pumps or wedge boots? My problems are way cooler when I get a night off from being a mommy :)
Freakin' when Austin says,"Pretty hot babe" in "Say Somethin"I DIE.
Ok and yeah Im busy too.(:
if u have idea that can help to make the country better who/where can u talk to/send ur comment to?
Sometimes, a hug is all you need to feel better.
RT Like yard sales? Visit Brookhaven Christian Church today. #sometimesyouhaveto grin + bear the traffic!
Trusting is self punishment.
Remember, when stuck in traffic, safety first! Have fun!
let's put on a good concert tonight!
“: Vote Isaac Hayden tomorrow online at lightning 100 for Music City Mayhem!! Polls open 10am - midnight!! Vote !
We will make BETTER and better-for-you juices! My kitchen was nor prepared for the juicer delivery :)
Ah, that's why it's taking place at Marylhurst! Let's meet soon…am off doing overseas program biz in May, back thereafter - thx
well I'm not really sure, but I'm thinking we should totally hang out.
Thumb has been twitching for like 10 min
do not, I repeat, do not jump after it
Ah baby today stuck on twitter!
I can never fall asleep on Sunday night.
The Cards need to settle down before the Cats run away with this game
we don't, but we might be able to point you in the right direction, I'll check with the folks here in the know :)
I LOVE 's hair soo....hush
There are some kids walking a donkey down Silver Spring Drive. I'm going to pretend this is normal.
RT : Learn all the short cuts on your computer to save time!...keep an eye out for my top #tips for the rest of this week!!
to the space colony that Newt will allegedly build! :)
I'm good at work also
Reading minds.
Hey there, (beccawaldo), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
7 More days of school left !!
He said chino :/ Lmfao !!
same. They're stuck with me and my crazy well wishes for life
100 mph, dude.
A couple hold 'em hands didn't go my way... on life support now.
Hahaha, but that's the whole point. We can do whatever we want to the economy and still get 96 percent of the black vote in 2011 ... HAHA!!!
RT Checkout New Haag-Streit products at #SECO11. New advances in perimetry, ergonomics, and LED slit lamps.
sweet! Looking forward to it!
mo'fucka? Lmao you seem like a little bitch
#quotes If you want more, you have to require more from yourself.
So all you mutherfuckers are shit out of luck with my daughter. lol...and that gives me peace of mind.
Got a heater for ya son!
thanks for the shout-out.
Same person potentially trying to scam people on craigslist. # 815-603-8962.
Good nite tweetie birds I gotta get some sleep for school :) nite nite can't wait to see where hip hop Geo is going to perform in Florida :)
did you not notice.. It's him AND itch. Together.
slowly getting over you;.
L.A. Proper will be @ Sundance 2012. Will you?
I wish downtown chicago had a wendy's near my work.
. asks Lyon for def of deliberation: "The many coming to action ... action as close to teleology as I'm willing to get"
Well done. A tip of the yarmulke to you, sir. : My trip to Israel has been great! I feel completely re-Jew-vinated.
#IfIHadThePower to bring back one person from the dead it'd be 's mom
what are your recommendations for St. Lucia ?
Contrary to what some sexists say, girls do know about sports.
Thank you for casting me in this film! What a blast Nancy! I'll never forget how amazing you & ur team was in that aud room
have you read Connie Willis' "To Say Nothing of the Dog?" Quick and very charming Victorian-style time travel book!
Man&#39;s best (dressed) friend - The Darkroom - The Baltimore Sun
lmfao okay okay okay. i need my jilian soon though.
Thick in the head, or thick everywhere else?
All these fake ass record labels exec can suck me off
they are located in the hub now booth
How can you guarantee that your creative team will not self-destruct?
Check out my brother-in-law, , a great DJ in MN for any entertaining needs! He always makes a get together fun ;)
love that shirt!
Im a wild carnivore eating all day.
Great to meet you last night at the balls table!
People are a freaking trip
Most materials challenges r from parents, especially of preschoolers & young teens--age when kids start to break away
Autocorrect - Annoying or Funny?
The latter :)
Some serious #talent behind the Sixers bench ...
I got to talk to today :D DAY MADE. Take that :P
Thanks for the #ff mention! Happy New Year!
If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. It's the hard that makes it great ~ Tom Hanks
so i guess ur back lol
Anyone use that #LectricShave shit? Looks cool...
"Grammer" has to come in as a close second. RT : The most egregious misspelling is "genious."
JR Smith could be cold AF.
Okay... now feeling much better after this twitter rant and talking to my best friend in the world Katie or as we prefer Elephant Buddy! Lol
("Black Panther" Poem Of The Day: by NEETTA BLACK - - at amazon.com.)………."If "Blacks" really want to help "Black" people…"………
I just heard that you're hosting the #TonyAwards again this year. YAAAY!!!
Novi, then Roseville. Then I'm off to Kentucky for my senior year.
At T,O,A,S,T, all day
I think the owner of this account made it actually!
AMC Theaters, around since 1920, is in negotiations..selling out to CHINA..um..is there ANYONE who's NOT selling out to China?
Exhausted. But I'm in 'stupid San Diego' so I can't even be mad :)
Thanks for the DBF retweets. Have a great weekend.
Umberto Eco~ The real hero is always a hero by mistake he dreams of being an honest coward like everybody else.
Still surprised what people don't know about chiropractic. Headaches.....yes we can help :)!
"Love always finds us." ~Anonymous Boo
Going to shopping !!yay
yeah nigga I'm just clowning on this shit lol
Apparently students at uwf are diehard halloween fans x.o just on the way to class I saw a pirate, darth vader, and jigsaw.
Its Wednesday, unfortunately i fell under the weather while in the ATL this pass weekend, still had a great time.
Can't sleep. Watching Jerry Springer show. I forgot how effed these people are. #jerryspringer #white trash
Strive for perfection settle for excellence.
cUTE, sweet, adorable, kind, thoughtful, amzing, loveable, huggable, beautiful eyes, perfect smile. XD EVERYTHING
Uggggg! Sisters! They make me so mad sometimes! Its their fault their so tired because they chose to wake up so stinkin early!
and u wonder y gtfoh
its alright i will give you a free pass
for all of arsenals work, could have been a huge setback there had Sharaway put that away
sorry i have been on the road.
haha!! True that! (;
Dewey M&A rainmaker Richard Climan is considering a move to Weil Gotshal & Manges LLP and one other firm according to my story online.
Getting spoiled on tour... Its nice to have a clean bathroom to defile after a night of Irish food and beer.
That's where I saw it too.
ha i just talked to jr today blood
Nicely done Andrew Shaw!
I never been on oovoo,skype, or nun.... somebody hmu on 1
"Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence." Michael O'Brien
#GoodMorning Everything you've been thru that hasn't killed you, has made you a stronger and better person.
Don't fight the problem. Love the opportunity.
Just heard a blurb on indiana tornadoes on bbc world report ...
I don't like people messaging me expecting me to answer right away. Too much like a phone.
I've been working with a pediatric dentist on developing home programming for dental hygiene
#whitepeoplehobbies counting their money, finishing other ppls sentences, talking jibberish when they're drunk
really? You like all the #shehechat topics? That's a lot of pressure! :)
Good hard work this morning. Thanks for your help, Dad. Now dinner and ice cream with my darling.
Evidence is slowly becoming my new favorite subject!
They're talking about you boy, but you're still the same
Ok Mustardheads get those last minute orders in tonight or tomorrow!!
Love Greg Stevens! Went to several of his workshops last year.
you guys didnt hit me up all day !
We saw the alley lights go off. Freaky.
omg you're going?!
the merlot barrel was pretty darn amazing
I can't believe that. I hope he gets in huge trouble although I doubt he will.
Never bite the hand that feeds you!
Get adorable #easterbunny photos !
What's up for #tonight? It's #Saturday #night! Hope u're headin out for some live talent. #SFBayArea is full of awesome #musicicans & more!
thanks so much for the mention!
Whenever you get a "First off" speech just go ahead into "smile and nod" mode. Add an "uh-huh" if needed.
- You are such a sweetheart. Thank you so much!!
and you are forever!
These April fools jokes are pretty bad...or maybe its because I've done them all during the course of a year lol
don't feel bad got us working too!
Watching Teen wolf for the 100th time! It never gets old:)
Can't wait until my nap this afternoon
I don't hate this crowd but if I had to fill out invitations for my next show none of them would get one.
If I couldn't love California Tortilla any more, they're playing DM's "Get the Balance Right" right now.
you are soo great we have gone through all your business cards. Please send more!
Fixin' to get London's #rockin here in T-Town!
It's official. is on Twitter. Follow it and stuff please.
Panthers beat Devils, but local Miami TV newscast botches team logo
hey you welcome to the wonderful world of Twitter. Where everything happens in 140 characters.
yes, but I was sad there wasn't a special playlist. Oh well. :/
"Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall."h
I'm definitely a cut above the rest, doing this walk with my best friend 4 life, he always got my back!
your book..its so amazing its made a difference in me.thanks xoxo..you are also great on housewives...keep it going girl!
M. I do love black #tea before noon.
Not sure how active I could be as tester, but I'd be happy to poke around in there. And BiB's on wish list. You?
Band stuff, and NYC/California/Florida, friends who i could not otherwise talk too.
time to do this!! Bring your A game
While you’re busy looking for the perfect person, you’ll probably miss the imperfect person who could make you perfectly happy..
Coffee consumed for my security studies tonight. Didn't expect BootCamp drivers 4 Windows to take so long to install. Ahh! Just finished!
you spelled it wrong
There is either a place in heaven for me just like the library or a place in hell for me just like the library.
The fun never stops! The Gonzaga women's basketball team learns its NCAA Tournament fate right now on ESPN...
Gettin a cat-scan for valentine's day! Woo-hoo!
so when your done with the veggie thing, how about a good case of the meat sweats?
When you fail you learn from the mistakes you made and it motivates you to work even harder
y repito..... WHAT IS THE FUCKING POINT ?
hey why am I not eating nachos right now
we will my man. I can say this without a shadow of the doubt, Adam Jones is the best Oriole since Mr Cal Ripken, beast mode
He can be the bat boy!
This will sound weird, but BEST SHANTYTOWN EVER!
Pretty sure one of these dates I see is going to end badly around 7am in a dispute over $47
Tear it up on the last night!! Take it light!!
do I get credit for trying RT : Your far too far too bring you anything mate :))
Just saw your commercial on BET!! Love it!!
your a great mother :)
Cake cake cake put ur name on it!!
My eyes have been watering like crazy all day!
That sounded real weird before.
Finding a parking spot at mall of America on a Saturday is the most frustrating thing ever. #lateforwork :(
I love Selection Sunday.
Thanks to all the great new connections and followers from #intdesignerchat last night. I look forward to keeping in touch w/ all of you.
speaking of little boys...hugo...let's get some big boys soon.
This is so unbelievably cool!
go hard get the fuck out my bedroom askin me question
Any one also love codes and addict to crate amazing apps in a special way?
RT : A 15 year old girl with terminal cancer added trending on Twitter to her bucket list. #alicebucketlist Please RT!
Happy International Beer Day! Any green breweries out there? We know does their part!
“Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!” ~Dr Seuss
I should really start writing the interviews for the #NoDirectionTour for next week - Karri
lol I hope they look like mermaids,wonder if they have space weed? Lol
Well this paper isn't going to sit here and write itself.
Crest Clamshell International sales heating up with new Alliance - www.Diecutuk.com
hm,and if you say youre done with me,i suppose that might not be the worst thing.
would explain why the stock took a shit today. Any time Apple reminds the world that Jobs is gone it will tumble.
It's crazy how nervous I get when I give speeches.
PickUpLine: Cold out isn't it? (Staring at breasts)
“: 'sleep no more' is an amazing experience” It is seriously bucket list good. I'm going again and I'm not sure if that's enough.
Look, you clearly have issues and I'm not going to continue this. I will NOT have you speak for my experiences, period.
when she said she was happier now without her voice than before, I teared up.
thank you :)
What channel for what?
The #Union traded Le Toux?!?!
Don't wait for people to be friendly, show them how.
Commodore Matthew Perry or Chandler?
The Pirates are beating the Yankees
Got my new #NikeRunning jackets!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00AB>
#Caps win, #Bruins go home.
Watching pirates of penzance on brings back memories of when I did this show!!
was AMAZING! Everyone had a fabulous time, so thank YOU!
Come to Five Guys Burgers and Fries today to support BASE Camp! 5-9 p.m. Proceeds all come back to BASE Camp to help families affected by...
We will never let Justin go is trending... dammit Twitter
RT : Tonight I am spinning With & Another Great Night in Miami!
- Welcome Lucia! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Thank you for the ! Happy Monday!
Campbell's: What can you do with plain white rice? Me: throw it out. I don't eat white carbs/starches. Lmfao
We're in Pittsburgh ... GO Steelers! And 475 miles to go to Chicago ...
Does your safe house offer reliable online banking access?
Doing High School Scheduling is so hard...but I can't wait!! Go Lakeridge Eagles!!
Sometimes you just want to ask people why their such a-holes? Seriously, who raised you? I'm put some powder in my hands and bitch slap u!
is your crotch hungry girl? cuz its eating your pants.
Oh. Slow motion Seagal with a sword.
Bored on Twitter? Well follow and get ready to be entertained!
It always feels good to do the right thing!
No wonder Rebecca Black didn't take the bus. She would've had a freaking panic attack with all the seating options.
keep ya head up. Everyone's thinking of you and your family
Why was Commons so happy to see OpenPublish at the drupal meetup? He wanted to get re-Acquiainted
I'm thinking of getting my first tattoo....
you thought wrong...
Happy Birthday Bobby Orr
Now that's a festive and delicious birthday.
I told you what you need
DID YOU KNOW SHES SO FAT THAT SHE CANT RUN?
you so funnayyyy
Hope to see you soon!
makin new beats, and geeked outta my mind
I'm looking forward to our wedding...
I oppose SOPA, PIPA and the Research Works Act. As your constituent, I hope you will too.
Expectation that digital technology is inc into our cc classes, but we can't even get wifi at some plcs in campus
merrr I'm gonna try to get the smallest one I can find loll
Whoa! The horse next door just barked and scared me to death!
's sharing amazing work "Undesired" about gendercide in India with #icfj fellows.
You know you got to #raves when your trashcan is full of empty glowstick wrappers....
As the founding fathers knew all too well, eternal vigilance is the price of a napping baby.
#waystogetunfollowed send DMs about how much money u made and quiting ur job, if ur account got hacked, fix it, delete it, or ur gone!
Spies knows how to get a crowd moving!
Blog teaser: There is no "I" in Content Marketing (well there is, but it's a little guy)
Why do people brag about how hard they work or how much they have acomplished? Isnt it called life!?
I got sun burned lol
There are dolls and there are babes. This hot slice of confection is DEFINATELY a babe doll #FollowFriday (via )
By 2025, about two thirds of the world’s population, roughly 5.5 billion people, will live in areas facing moderate to severe water stress.
Musings: Pay attention to your competitors, but pay WAY more attention to what you are doing. Everything looks perfect from a distance.
The mid bulkhead is reserved for parents w/baby, sometimes re-assigned during check-in. See also
“: Southern fires in the D ..yum” #greensjuice lol
Norfolk..near the water..
Moral of story? Drunk girls cant keep secrets for shit.
you open for a visit early 2012? :) hope all is well and stuff
Gonna get me in trouble! #5words lol
actually i can't. my laptop is 15 years old and the internet is no longer compatible with the OS. it's quite convenient.
lmao I haven't lied to you before kid !!
can you please follow me :)
What phone gt louder speakers htc or iphone
O! Post a picture when you're done!! :D
Thanks Rhonda! I will do my best. :-)
what a bitch!
Nothin comes easy! You gotta put in the work
A cook in the kitchen is surrounded by generations of cooks past, the advice and menus of cooks present, the wisdom of cookbook writers.
dev are still here too though. Costing that project took forever! See you Monday!
Lmao you gotta chill RT : Black bitches pussy taste like sour cream ruffles
Got a Jetta as a rental. How familiar, yet not.
I love your bio
Well, I am flattered, but you are all they way down in Chicago, I can't make it down there :)
try www.ArticleOnCall.com they accept same day.
I'm tired of all this extra drama I swear!
I need to smoke now but these weed man's ain't tryna make some money tonight!
I actually held this position for the entire 3.5 hour movie. It was quite impressive. ;)
I was just told I'm someone's eye candi, should I be scared? Haha
I do! : if your nanny profile says you have a tattoo on your chest that shows when you wear low tank tops , I don't want you to be my nanny”
I am trying, but I keep drawin a blank :-(
aw why you so precious <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
The popularity of Yo La Tengo continues to mystify me. I just can't see the appeal.
Improbable? or if it's really extreme, inconceivable?
Innovation Keynote: The Impact of Being Social. Social gaming is big business, and we want more of that business!
The horror! The horror!
Well there goes another two and now a line is down!!
Had a great time in the boat parade! thank u 2 our sponsor - after 2night we can recommend taking one of their holiday tours!
I love [C] the soul of money and possibility of control!
“: RT if… you are an #extrovert!” Everyone's an extrovert on Twitter :)
There were dual tracks at UC Berkeley - the pre-meds had their own set of courses. :-)
woah wait.... what are these unconfirmed reports on Kane at the UofW Madison????
2 more weeks till we can waste a whole day at work looking at which 5-12 matchup to go with in the NCAA's.
BROWN JOURNAL FOUND!!! And I have a new-found appreciation for the word "priceless." Thanks to all whose hearts clenched for me...
A: Big corporations buy them at whorehouses and donate them to the public.
no the one you tweeted about lunch
Your twitter account has been hacked. We recommend you change your password now.
Ugh so bored.
now there's a thought! };-)
Birthday party on May 18! =)
yeah, I found her, now I'm following her, lol
You rock! Thanks for the front row seats at the best Cloudforce, ever.
Reindeer antlers(: lmaaao
Thank God "Gossip Girl" and "Hart of Dixie" are coming back!!!
hahaha its not like that!
Congrats to the nominees
“The more articulate one is, the more dangerous words become.” May Sarton, born on this day in 1912.
I fucking hate Florence and the Machine and I'm not sorry. -Jon
Has anybody ever told you how annoying you are?
Will you Please Follow Mee it would mean the World to me or at least RT this ?
TBH I think should go all over the US because there are fans of them everywhere. But since it's only one
Follow will Follow Back
follow 4 follow? if not sorry! Free promotion site on my profile if u need hits to your likes, follows, +1, views
Big mistake: giving your promo gift away to people who don't need your service.
Definitely interested in that topic for an unconference.
Some old ish!!! Oh girl you know what's up! by Donell Jones. Say what? Say what? Say what?
Day 7 of feeling like death, day 3 of no running. In ready to be back to normal, thanks!
Starting new facebook canvas application. Using CodeIgniter for the base framework.
had to have a bit of fun with you
For business cards we really blike www.gotprint.com 4-color is standard, nice thick card stock, and nice low price.
if you don't have time now to listen , Download the show later www.focussociety.com Power of your subconscious mind
I use Hopkins' Shelf Elf and Craig's Mr. Wiggle's Book w/ the little ones.
the warroirs won the toss today so who would y get in the draft..74 percent chance for 1 to 7th pick..
Glad you can escape. Snow in Chicago = me stuck in Seattle until Sunday. Unexpected bonus: weekend trip to Vancouver!
No better way to celebrate a rugby win than Foundation Bar!!
! Just watched another beautiful sunrise in Sunny San Diego!! What a great way to start another gorgeous day!
"Any one of us, at any moment might face hard times, even if we live responsibly." That's truth!
but by 2 AM I started naming variables things like "fuckedTime" and revived "God hates ponies"
Bacon's Idol of The Market-Place errors result from when words or symbols fail to effectively communicate. This may be when jargon is used.D
No prob, buddy.
thank you...you were so sweet in nashville. Sam and I think the world of y'all now. So...come tour here next!! XX
Watching Inception in an altered state
Heading to the show at the Highline 2nite. Line already up the street! Who else is going?
If the track is tough and the hill is rough, THINKING you can just ain't enough
Sent you guys an email about our service. Hope you can check it out!
I cant change YESTERDAY but I can change TODAY & TOMORROW.
I hate not having something to look forward to on the weekends. This has got to change
so many excuses,lots of kids say this but..shits pretty gnarly,and idk how to deal with it at this point.im almost at the edge.
win on Monday. Lose on Sunday. Go lions!!!!
my buddy will also be at #sxsw in narrative competition with his film #STARLET We are in good company!!
Education, therefore, is a process of living and not a preparation for future living
So glad it's Friday! This is the first weekend in a long time when I don't have plans--nothing but rest and relaxation.
Try our delicious Mexican Chicken Parmesean Torta!! plantain and coconut breaded chicken with cheese, lettuce, tomato and guacamole mayo!!!!
When a guy nos his way around a car n can fix shit
Ugh I love skins. Crying
Fire at Days Inn 1600 Emmett St. in Charlottesville. Fire Crews on the scene.
not only are the shows so similar, but they are also very, very dumb.
go get em Ashley!!! With God before you who can be against you
Ha ....laura yu got me alk confused when yu tweeted cuz it wasnt mine&I was like wat..&I memered you ha I feel so stupid ha
I'm rockin my dirty weekend hair, my aviators, and my le chat ninja tshirt. I'm a
#WhiteSox #baseball Gee, I wonder who our pitchers will be tonite. And will we lose for the 4th time with the winning run at the plate?
Thanks -- good to meet you as well!
what's a good mid-day snack? I'm gluten and dairy free
at the Mayoral debate at UM
i got fired from that company. jk, i wuld have if I'd worked for them.
has a few exciting opportunites in N. Amityville & West Nyack NY! Looking for outside sales reps with B2B experience, preferably in industr…
Many homeless guests accessing ugm for food & clothes a line around our block. Please pray for our guests & their needs
They need Sam Neil to go back to being Damien Thorn, that would liven the show up a bit!
Good Morning and you are right. Have a great day.
I dunno...9 months pregnant + donuts could be dangerous! LOL
I'm afraid I'll be arriving in disguise. Wonder Woman needs to join Weight Watchers. My outfit seems to have shrunk!
new Celtic away kit is bad ass. All black with hoops
Are john falk's audience segments valid? Even he says the jury is still out. Key is to look at motivations and id-rel. needs.
So excited !! ;-) is the sweetest most Beautiful friend! Love her =) it will be the best season ever..
Drawing a line in the sand and saying this is what you stand for and not wavering makes your stories resonate. It makes your stories matter.
Super long TV show intros <<<<
Bears better be praying in the 2nd half
Shopping, Jamba Juice, Some Old School MTV, Panda Express sounds great right now #really great
Who are some of your favorite bands / musicians?
Coming to graduation? Make sure you're at the graduate reception one night earlier! It's being held on Fri, June 8. More to come!
mine won't either bro
Took a break from my tweets, but I'm back! What did I miss?
You are very welcome! Thanks for the follow as well. Looking forward to your attorney tweets!
Done packing! meeting friend for goodbye lunch tomorrow..
Oh yeah! You got this girl!! lol Let me know how it goes :))
Have fun!
We must play the game of life fearlessly,letting go in each moment of the constraints of our past.
I just got a glowing testimonial from my director for the "mystery gig" that I'll be revealing around July. MAN, I'm excited!
Giant on tiny Conan set! He's giant!
AG Van Hollen: "Even though there are some bumps in the road right now, we are going to have a photo ID requirement."
#BandsILove Woe, Is Me
Babysitting tonight was HORRIBLE! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
flight had to return to airport, a door on the underside popped open... Now flight canceled... Don't know if I'll get to nyc
Google bound
Perenniel capitalist problem: greed at top impoverishes wrkrs, who then can't afford to buy anything, which tanks econ.
SHOUT OUT TO OUR ONLINE PROMOTIONS MANAGER Jay Nyce !!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
both correct
Thanks! RT #FF New Follower Props:
Went to work today to take care of email, return everything I borrowed for #thatcamptx, & do a few other chores. Taking off rest of week!
unless its me or Simone than don't do it
I like non-fiction film the best.Short & sweet. Just like books. Why reinvent the wheel?
waddup boi, ren just sent me the record ya'll got to my track
When our relatives are at home, we have to think of all their good points or it would be impossible to endure them. ~George Bernard Shaw
lesson is, iPhone > iTouch. So wait! =]
My cat is so needy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Hyper'in'.
oh my! pic to prove it!
I'm about to break my phone
I've been sifting through it to prep for a convo about grading tmrw. Great stuff!
We're airing a story right now about pox parties... I had never heard of them before.
Lads and Lassies, Runway is Getting Short and the World’s Getting Awfully Big in the Window..Just over 3 days left to Vote! Market your Lad!
Preparing for action in Harbor East. Calling on Paterakis to gather the corporate community to fund school construction
Join us tonight 6:30-11 pm at Southpointe Golf Club for the Community Leaders for a Cure. Great food, auction items, cigars on the veranda
Well it is just me and some buddies so far, but the premise is that the guy is over criticized/undervalued! I'll count you in!
Carmen: (about Juni) The booger was right! I hate that.
No problem as long as you find me a hook up while I'm here!
The Avengers is a very good movie!!! So is Battleship both are great
the person who maintains this account will be moving to , this will be updated by others, some of u will want 2 follow both
Don't know specifics, but if tenants didn't want him at their party, he has to leave.
"You're the lamest piece of shit ever." -
Today's K atty tip: Sharing a project between 2 agencies can be tricky. Make sure the specifics as to rate & expectations are clearly stated
ugh #tired !!
Can't do everything at once.
oohh! Depends on what you're looking for but I <3 Azil in Hayes Valley. Lots of really cute (locally made) jewelry & accessories
oh when the beans, oh when the beans, oh when the beans come out the tin
Oh, good! Sounds like a neat project. You'll have to let me know how it goes!
New patio furniture???
Apparently there was a 4.1 earthquake up by Glendale today. I didn't feel a thing.
happy FOR NO REASON
I wanna see it so bad, and you! Champagne sunday soon? Also aren't you comin' to beefs?
That man does have some sexy hair...
Which team will benefit from that National Anthem tragedy?
yeah whatever nigga, just let me know lol
dude u have a sweet job! I'm a bartender, but music is my life! I play drums, piano, and saxophone. Happy Friday!!!
we did drink all day and got smashed lol
It should be illegal to wear a face mask if your face isn't broken. Go #Cavs!
and get friends
Hey you should celebrate the Knicks win by shopping Save 20% off your purchase! Use Code: CORKY #41points #nosweep 3
It's a packed house for the #CES keynote by CEO Paul Jacobs. Avg mobile user looks at their phone 150x per day.
Can't wait to have a drink with tonight!!!!
what's in store for sun-cap, rising-Pisces, moon-libra?? So many emotions and changes right now!
I guess one hour to go :\
YAY for alternatives. Thanks.
Haha, love the transition from toys to microphilanthropy
We're excited to announce another great speaker VP at Sage Restaurant Group, Chef Michael Carr-Turnbough talking about f&b costing
I consciously cooperate with the creative power within.
green #winter classic
I hate it when people say that they're dancers but they have never even taken a dance class in their lives.
“: Hey what time y'all trynna leave...im good whenever” hey we good anytime aft 10:30
Welcome to my boy restaurant extraodinaire to Twitter! Get the party started for him and give him a follow ya'll!
We are moving merch around! Come see new products and the a changed around store!
Eating dinner at the same diner as a big band from my childhood.
Best of luck to you--you'll be sorely missed!
Bitch I'm opening pockets not legs I give conversation but u giving head
this girls right with you.
I'm sure that's what it is!
prefer rdio over spotify purely for web interface
That's pretty analog. I was thinking about how you work as I wrote that tweet.
#GWU, any plans for the #Superbowl? Come to Metro Diner for $.50 chicken wings and watch the game with us!
If there were leftover Chinese food restaurants, they'd be my new favorite breakfast places.
I'm slowing working through that memoir book. It's stunning how much reading it brings to my surface.
Today just started, and I haven't slept yet, and things are already bad… I have a feeling they're only going to get worse as the day goes on
I'm wearing a dicktowel to the Run Ham Off.
raging and working as usual haha we need to be reunited soon
Slamming at Raymond's Tacos keeping it real gully with gay<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A6>
Nothing because she also ate...THEM :O
haha thanks jamie!!
RT Small blood clot found around Oden's left ankle during pre-op exam. Doctors have treated it, and there are no worries/concerns
Nah. Anything before opening day doesn't count, IMHO. They also lost to their farm team a few days ago. (Pulled starters in 5th)
yes.. Because you really want to our you wouldn't bring it up.
well duh
Cinco de Mayo at a Mexican restaurant. Fun wait... :-P
oh yes most certainly, not missing that again! I was sad we didn't go last year. I have more $ now I can afford it. Goin early for BP
I want that part back. The id do everything for you part. Not the I will reject you everyday part. I just don't know. :/
thank you for the tweet!
Such vitriol. Is this because I'm representing your wife during the divorce? Checking your house for asbestos as we speak.
Thank bro, glad you like the pics :)
Love you!!
It has been medically been proven that laughter is an effective pain killer. - Via the Funny Facts Free app -
Just realized the Eagles' title "One of These Nights" plays on the common expression "one of these days."
watching it at a bar, the next best thing. #Oscars on mute #nba all star getting top billing.
Thanks bro for the follow back!
Tomorrow: PHAME kicks off our 2012 #phamesparkle gala in high style - we have a kicking event committee, amazing co-chairs + inspiration!
good morning austin(;
ICTs & related e-applications are key instruments providing basic services & achieving the MDGs
Just wish i have some time to skate and learn some trick
Glad to see another kindred spirit... and DC ain't so bad! :-)
Bubbles, Bonarda, Blends, Barbera, Beer..We have a Big Glass or bottle to please everybody...Plus Happy Hour from 5-7pm...Salud!
If you're a DBA and you need help from developers to get connection pooling properly configured you should probably consider a job change.
Looking for a healthy dinner spot? Tender Greens has you covered, its fresh and simple - plus they’re close to our office. Check them...
oh u can't be....come now...come now...COME NOW.
M nmmnmm do love me some fresh herb
You back....and now this
“: they only call games when there are 6 NBA players on 1 team #BBN” LOL!!
Happy Groundhog Day, everyone!
gives terrible advice for places to eat Japanese food
“ A Girlfriend's Job Is To Keep Her Man On The Right Track, Hold Him Down, & Have His Back Through Thick & Thin.. (vice versa)
Good Night. Thank God. Better Tomorrow, America.
do midgets qualify????
I just spent last 2 hours @ Oliver Rec. Talking w/ a Dad who grew up here himself. - Anybody who's spent time at these, knows we CANT cl ...
Wilcoxson : when use of other people's work goes beyond #fairuse & crosses the line to creation of a derivative work is legally tricky
I AGREE
u make it sound like they make good products ;-) im just happy the site doesn't crash.
This just in - Tpaw now regrets supporting Romney too soon. can someone prescribe him cialis
I love you, too, Princess!!! <3
haha i bet
true. But who has the best eyes, Harry or Zayn? Ugh, I can't decide. I think Harry does. :)
Do you have a craft skill you'd like to share with others? We are working on our upcoming workshops and would love to talk to you!
...so does that mean the original Star Wars trilogy is irrelevant? Millions of fans would disagree.
Roger that! The axe was given!!!
A3: If you are using people they should be facing your action.
Spring? Amen! and fill those potholes!
Ha, just a plain band. Interesting.
Did I mention that you rock?!? Thanks!!!!
Today after school >>> (:
Honestly don't feel like babysitting but its money.
Get real with Todd Carmichael Who: Co-owner of fancy-pants coffee roaster La Colombe, trekked across Antarctica for award-winning film (n
sorry..I'm being rude..I apologize..I'm just in a bad mood..
Wow, MCA is dead. Sure to shake up a lot of us Gen Xers.
Can't wait for to get to
Big name pizza places have lots of commercials, we've got lots of yummy restaurants
Tried to cook artichoke hearts and burnt myself instead
time to crack open the long underwear and snow sleds! Come up one day and we'll show u how it's done, wisco style ; )
Burglaries of residential properties accounted for 70.3 percent of all burglary offenses.
Gettin' tiring hearing slammers begin every other sentence with "I". You too?
If you are a scholar or student, this is a great place to call home
On My Way To Finish The Last Scene Of This Video Me N My Boy's workin On...."You Aint Sayin Nothin"
C. Kent Wright~ To sway an audience you must watch them as you speak.
Our love is weak, but sincere. And God enjoys us in our immaturity - not just after we're grown.
RT : I Felt Like Puttin' It Out There Since Want Put Those Girls Out There . ...Its All good.
RT : Downloading the #SMASH soundtrack post math test because you have an iPhone & you can :) can't wait to have my belting...
I love her, I hope so!
I enjoyed you in mattg's videos you should do more with him :)
Great way to end the day! 5 mile sprint on the bike! ...maybe i've been watching the Tour de France too much
son cannot open the video on my phone.
icloud = google apps ios5 = android 1.0 mac osx = mac osx lion = snow leopard that could have been the #wwdc keynote
Happy mothers day to all my followers' mommas
that was the joke .. lol
The difference between a dream and a wish is what you do today
It's Make an offer Monday at www.notnilladesigns.artfire...! Make me a resonable offer by contacting me on artfire and it's yours!
Nothing much chilling. What's good with u
cont... year old comes through.
well when I get my setup you are more than welcome to eat shit on them
Dr. Henchcliffe: glutathione being studied with brain scan in small group of people with pd and controls #pairup4pd nyc
Lou Gossett is officially a #Oscar Gold member
what the hell is all this oatmeal about
I wanted to sleep in, but I suppose with my hours that's what 6am is.
Beginning this wknd, 1/20/12 & every wknd moving forward we will offer tours in North Park! Come check us out in a funky, hip part of town!
actually... Wait nvm. I don't have money lol
I'm going to Atlanta :)
hahahaha I probably don't... But whatever I'm not starting over
when its due
Update from Life Tracker composer Ryan Whitney "Beginning to hit my stride with the process." Woohoo!
“: "scars remind us of where we've been. not where we're going."” love this! Aka love her haha
Yeah, he sure is. Media racket to push ratings! LOL! Women can't be as stupid as men.
Good morning from Digital Archive of Literacy Narratives to our many friends @ the #MLA12 convention!
Happy mothers day!!! Wish I wasn't talking about some girls in our school.
Happy Opening Day!!
Heading to the #Hardrock with to celebrate 21st Birthday!!!!
I feel hyper.
First day at HondaJet...
Pacers is pretty good.
Getting ready for school.
Omg awk day .
That's a fight I didn't think would happen a few years ago. Judah vs Marquez is interesting.
I missed it what did world peace do?
i <3 your tweets!!
"These are rock star educators!" President Franklin of Black Male Summit panelists
What's with all the earthquakes yesterday?! Peru, Wisconsin, Virginia...
Will be watching the #SuperBowl for the first time in 6 years. Lets go Steelers!!!
Just checked out the rooms @ The Palms blocked off for Superdraft this year. Sweet!
Sometimes I think too much then put myself in a bad mood.
follow back?(:
Is it legal to travel down a road in reverse,
Very nice! I love it when I get to meet a tweep in person!
Watchin Total Blackout with
You see, everything breaks before it bleeds.
That relationship where your both Lovers and Friends >>>>
your just too good to be true cant take my eyes off of you.
Flyline Search Marketing is a Google Adwords Certified Partner. www.FlylineSearchMarketing.com Call if you need assistance 866-258-5511
Looking for plans in #Milwaukee tomorrow night? Check out at !
Put that thing away! I can see u :-) : Listen for a pulse light as a light.”
Thank you for sharing that amazingly written story! You are beautiful.
Love O'Connor's writing style. Hate the amount of racism in her stories.
Right now: Avi Nelson, & weighing in on the racist tweets post-Bruins loss. Are they significant? Is Boston racist?
OH: "Do you have a penny so I can make the world safe for democracy?" Sadly, I didn't.
She gargled!
I'm good!!!! How about yourself?
egg whites, swiss and spinach - perfect breakfast for a cool miami morning
today was such a shitty day
my dear,it is sold at the store (& they haven't provided the recipe). A mini-restr inside the grocery store,kama zile za nkmt.
ah, that would be Scotland the brave. I could play that one badly as well.
hell yeah that is ruthless.tell them give me a discount lol it business. next call to AT&T lol if you know what i mean
just heard it you could of sent me that sample , is "she's a 10 productions" hot to you?
Lol, okay but you have to tell him u dont care tomorrow or i can give you his email to email him
the girls just finish eating now they are taking a bath
Follow me on Instagram @ SassnStyle for LOTS of style inspiration. Tons of outfits!
Lunch & now pie from HoneyPie.
I just read Super Fun Night, hilarious!!!! Dude you need a hairy gal to play Marika I'd be honored to audition :)
Grateful for all of your good deeds.
In 2010-31.6 percent of households headed by single women were poor -6.2 percent of married-couple households lived in poverty
hey "Lake" did you know that you're production company bounced pay checks on all the background actors for "in a world"??
When food says "sugar free" or "no sugar added" it shouldn't have substitutes either! Annoyed by fake sugar. Can I just have juice?
I love you too !
woman .NO.19 chemicalclass examination paper .Chemistry teacher ...
nah I was talkin about smokin doobies in your profile. Crack is wack, Chill out lil guy.
mayweather SUCKS ;D
Pitiful how much of a loser LeBron truly is. When it gets tough, he disappears.
That's the fringe spirit! RT : I have an #indyfringe system. I go into a theater without even knowing the name of the play.
Since I'm in Atlanta I think I'll go to
Preds score on a TD pass from Leak to Toliver-his 3rd this half. The score gives Orlando a 37-27 lead.
just had to google #tcot Ironically as bad of an acronym as PPACA. Also proves that I'm bad at the Internet and politics for not knowing
Enjoy your evening Darlings :)
The gauge looks great! I can't wait for the post!
Franchise shantytowns springing up all over America!
What r ya going to do? We r stuck w/ him : $$ on table time: Boozer sat last 16:07 tonight & last 14:24 of game 5 vs
Sending you a DM - let's connect!
I heard you're good in algebra, can you replace my 'x' without asking 'y'?
Great to hear from you! Send us an email at @ and we can chat!
O now mr. "stomach virus" wants to play mhmm......
Pick up a copy of the Aurora Your Hub in the Denver Post's Thanksgiving edition -- help put a smile on a sick child's face this Holiday!
I hate that song
ha what movie did you see cuuz i went to the movies too(: ??
Thank you so much for spreading the word about the Fazzino RIDE!
i think yu should trash eve nd i think it would be great to c zack ryder vs dolph ziggler for the internet championship w.m. 29
So sad to hear about Levon Helm. The Band has been silenced. Their voices got me through a lot of tough times.
thanks anyway!
Illinois state Lions Club Convention tomorrow through Saturday in Decatur! Lions are great advocates for preserving and restoring
sweet Pens game, loved seeing Sullivan notch his 700th point. Time to try and get some shut-eye to this Kings/Sharks game.
Great 1st quarter
You disappointed me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
axe to the grindstone . . . . monday. sigh . already?
Definitely go see it!!
watching shave
away from me when I turned around lmao like I can't even deal with my life right now
Whew! I feel better . . . I was begining to worry that Central Park was dangerous at night.
Great first rehearsal with the cast. We've already taken some great steps and these actors are becoming these characters. Exciting!!
spotted the cure, joy division & wham T's! so cute! will have to make a request for a DM one:) thanks!
Yes, certainly am doing that. Will have outward-facing site by April 11th or so. Thx
RT “: I'm come out when da sun go down”<<THISS...lol it is hot as hell
First thing is see when I go on twitter is Naked Harry..
yeah that was it...lol..the (bro thing),,,had me thrown off for a minute..
good morning =) Im a little bummed I didnt get to see my crush yesterday. I have been so busy with helping my sis move. Nitra and Kia came
Impressed to see the two undead mages in our guild - and - moving up the leaderboard.
Super excited! Received my ARC of "What the Night Knows" by Dean Koontz. Couldn't wait to get started on it, so I did!
sure thing, we wish you all the best!
my macbookpro is not feeling well and is currently in the hospital getitng surgery. have some fab post for you as soon as she gets well!!!
My day goin pretty good how bout yours???
I like it a lot. Next week will be the true test. I'll be there full time. I've only been down there a few afternoons so far.
"I prayed about it, but I don't know to which god."
and a retweet - deep breaths :)
Prediction: fundamental change in education will happen due to a force from outside of education.
Had a great lunch w/our insurance reps & talked about some possible new programs.
"When I text you, that means I miss you. When I don't text you, that just means I'm waiting for you to miss me."
<------Yes. We are the largest provider of GPS vehicle tracking in the BHPH, USED CAR DEALER, & NEW CAR DEALER industry.
my mom most likely
On the editing grind!!! All that time lapse talk these last weeks? yep - now it's got to be cut. And quick! #allnighters ahead of me.
just tweeted a good link to it
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 43
Yup. should have been the 22.
RT - Baseball will always be a legitimate distraction in my book.
You look so familiar. Are you a member of The Actor's Network by chance? Or maybe we took a class together...
I kind of wish that the Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson theme song was actually a real song.
I need tickets!
debating if i should run in my sisters room and hop on her bed ??? hm
RT - Let's be honest, the Jacksonville Jaguars are clearly the best team in the NFL.
Today's not my birthday! Ya ya ya ya ya ya!
Yeah you are. RT : Aint been out w/ my LB since he turned 21....um slack'n smh
I have a serious addiction to painting my nails.
that's good. Ready for Christmas?
Wishing everyone the very best!
Im so confused!! SOMEONE HELP ME!! #SOS :,c
awww i was guna ask if you guys wanted to come to brookfield with me and jordan !
DOUBLE DARE YA - Not to talk about dieting or use any negative self talk today (or ever)! HAPPY INTERNATIONAL NO DIET DAY!
I need a new phone
Drugs are a bet with your mind. - Jim Morrison
I'm using Google Chrome. What types of issues are you having?
I can't look at Skylar McBee without laughing.
i would! Watch him call at like 3 am lol. Id still answer ahaha . I want david or someone to call u too!!:) or dave or troy :p
Can you shoot me a DM about the festival request?
bro don't worry she'll be fine u see her on Wednesday in Spain
Wow my hair is disgusting.
I didn't, I got into it with Barksdale the day after that one...
Last 2 weeks of being 13
drake is da most lyrical rapper out
so since i dont have a phone i'll just tweet at you. Where are you bra?
I can already tell this is going to be fun Chris.
Getting so sick of constant nosebleeds. Especially when all I want to do is go to sleep! Womp, womp.
Need to upgrade my PC. New processor mobo, vid card and sound card. Suggestions welcome. Have an XPS 720 that was great in 2010, but now ...
Neat, I would be! I'll let you know when I get things squared away with registration/travel.
Well... I survived my first final. If I'm lucky, I'll get a B for the class. That's saying something for a Biology class!
Almost to 400 followers!
Starting 2008, crash, then bailouts, then stimulus, then austerity, and back to bailouts. Now the West can't find money, so chaos looms.
Ray Allen only makes one FT. 2 point game at the Garden with 9 seconds left
Congrats!!!! I am so happy you won The Voice!!! U deserve it ... And You Rock!!! Awesome Coaching!!
NEW DANK SUPER STRONG CONCENTRATES IN: Orange Kush Kief & Trainwreck Full Melt Hash, both ONLY $25/Gram! FREE Pre-Rolls ALL DAY! Woot Woot!
Take action with the knowledge you already have and you will experience excitement!
I will not bite my tongue to spare ur feelings
Yes! That's awesome. DM me your addy? I will email w/ details
Ben and Jerry's Chubby Hubby. A perfect mix of sweet and salty.(I should write ice cream descriptions shouldn't I?)
is there a better semi out there?! I think not!!
Tough choice for FFA at 1.07 we go with Cam Newton and build the team from the QB position (16 team league more val on QBs)
God please be with me !!!
Okay, now i did lol
Give us your #feedback! How do you like MobiDeals? We want to hear from you!
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me34
Thanks for the RT
Dang. *owned*
Thanks for the follow!
As they would say in Boston, spare me this talk about family. (Yes, still hurt.)
are you a horse? ..no..? can i ride you anyway? <U+E105>
yeah they're warm and the chocolate chips are alwys nice and melted...m.
St Patrick's Day so much to do so little time!
yeah! That'd be awesome! Spring break!
Instead of trying to prevent gays from marrying maybe we should worry about the nationl debt and people who are out of work.
Done with my 5 hour dance schedule thank God.
Hahahahahaha! You're so two faced!
can you live without jailbreak in PK?
My husband just told me that #20 for #Baylor is his cousin ...small world.
do they have to wear a hairnet?
Avatarded: effects of Avatar after the comedown. Ranges from haziness after a day of use or the gaping minds of those who abuse it regularly
and no you havent?
Finally they put creepshow on Netflix
Take me seriously because I mean this.
#hautespot So much fun! can't wait to see victoria! hope me and my friends get picked for modeling!
RT Study finds eating fast food will not only make you likely to put on weight but may give you the blues as well...
What we do in <140: Help kids: graduate (our rate - 98%; our district - 66%); make good decisions; stay mentally and physically healthy!
#Fruit !!! Om nom nom, also the subject of my new background :)
"You jump, I jump, remember?" -Titanic
when u gonna lace em up for the nugs again
Its Real Out There
Yep imma mary him , if he ever asks me to marry him in the future ; i most definitely would say YES (:
On the bright side, maybe the Rapture will give Democrats control of the South.
I would rather be ashes than dust! I would rather that my spark should burn out in a brilliant blaze than it should be stifled by dry-rot
FREE AT LAST FREE AT LAST THANK GOD ALMIGHTY I'M FREE AT LAST.... WHOOHOO!!!!! HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!
Entertaining for the holidays? Book dinner with us at Grazie: 305.673.1312.
LOVE this move... RT The Falcons are on the verge of acquiring Eagles Pro-Bowl cornerback Asante Samuel for a late-round pick.
Yoga master, touch your toes?
at the 13-mile mark of reviewing papers. breaking for gatorade.
Super Bowl was irresponsible, unbridled machismo and consumerism, and I loved every minute of it.
I never understood that line. It's so ambiguous yet they keep pushing it...??
#NBA Refs rewarding flops is going in the wrong direction. There isn't one #NBA ref that has it together...shame for the league
Sexting my girlfriend in statistics class
Listening to makes me want to write more and become a better artist. One of the best right now. #F&F
Misread an email subject line. It was, "Amazing Bathroom Redos." I looked at it and thought, "Amazing bathroom rodeos?!!!"
#NowPlaying: Fight to Win ~ Goodie Mob & Cee Lo Green
Just spent 18 hours on a new design for my acting website to realize it doesn't work on any level, back to the drawing board we go...
Narb tailgate! What a beautiful day! Our crew of 400+ will be happy!
Even though Ashley Morgan doesn't haVe a twitter she's still cool! :)
about time we followed your lead
Ladies Love Me is doooppppeeeee! Follow me
Tough day!!
Dyeing my hair blue with (:
If I had to make eyeball estimate, I'd say there are about 17,000 in attendance @ tonight's Pacers game. & lots of tix were sold very cheap.
Made it through day one. Going home to chill. COME SEE ME :)
Thanks for clarifying, Mickey!
I hate the word "boi" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
School dance tomorrow :)
We live in the same city! We can make it happen for real, even.
Both Bridget Naso and I are sick on the set of KUSI, trying to anchor a 4-hour newscast together. Fun!
Thanks Brotha! " Shout out to I see them killing shit! #respect"
Had an awesome day with the Family and Friends!! :) Mexico WON! and my Bff's 21 st surprise Birthday :) drinking yelling dancing!! Lol FUN
I've passed Management. Guess that means I can manage people. One final left, Information Tech...
Let's go and may be dancing last but you're still first!!
Jeopardy! contestants should yell "Jeopardy!" after incorrect answers.
For 4/8/12 will be one of the greatest days of his life .
succumbing to the dark side of the force...
rain story of my life lol
"URGH" says this GDI. RT : well duh, don't you think the Greeks need more space on campus?
Would I ever ask something daring and innappropriate!? ::blinks innocently::
Rich Eisen isn't very good at his job.
The cat. Although you'd think given the sort of friends I hang out with that it might be the president.
you're nice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
got home last night when Tala was already asleep, then finished getting ready this morning when Tala had already left
is a hottie
Um, naked M&Ms are chocolate chips. Don't be fooled.
Q6 I'm really impressed how they write on so many different surfaces
I done ate up all my humble pie
nigga hush I'm following to punk ass
#iwishicould think of something to wish about
Insanity for my cardio day is in the books, now time for a cpl of mtngs, then psych homework to be done. Gotta love being productive :).
we look forward to this year's photos and post. Hopefully we see you before Labor Day though!
lmao! No I'm not gonna do tht to u tonight!
This eagles team looks scary good.
Just saw in the audience of podcast. Amazing msg!
was it good? I'm going when miranda lambert and kellie pickler are there. (:
need to think about creating Leplets (the Leps we should have had at a scale which will work)
Last episode of the Bad Girls Club is tonight. :(
All salesmen are full of shit.
She stretched In the hammock, Sipped Her drink, And said, I'd be A lawyer If I could run Faster. (Copyright 2011 Lew Hagood)
BEFORE and AFTER: Denice is using Skinny Fiber to improve her beach body, she's already lost 25lbs. in 6 weeks. This product is changing...
So I was thinking that we should giveaway a game or two tonight. Should we? Maybe Angry Birds Space?
Your kisses is sweeter then honey. But guess what! So is my money!
good graphics but bad storyline. Cool movie to see in 3D tho.
Is there a way to watch a tv show and listen to music at the same time while still paying attention to both? Someone invent that please.
I think I'll go just to take finals and be done with Consortium.
So not a morning person but today I feel happy 1. It's FRIDAY baby 2. Just listened to 3.It's FRIDAY!!!!!!
what do you mean can two men fuck each other in the ass STUPID
I use goodreads group feature to chat about books. Comment on books students have read and recommend titles
How to appeal your #taxcase with the
Thursday works for me!
#nov1st is gunna be a great day! Happy early xmas (;
Lord, the light of your faith and courage lights our path through darkened days, eyes fixed on the blinding brilliance of your resurrection.
thanks for RT!
Yeah, I was sorta vicious in my review. I'll be sure to check out your post soon.
RT : Ladies keep it tight, Fellas Eat her right ;)
Do you work in NYC? Matthew
good night :) Rock on
My Swagger is galactic, imma need uh rocket
Looking forward to a (hopefully brief!) lull in client work to update the DW website and more.
MLK,Jr was a gift to the world!!
28 degrees.. Love it winter's here
Prom is today and to top it off I feel Like shit and I have to do so much stuff ... Why am I not excited ?
For him to steep so low, he must either be crazy or he's fallen head over heels
what are ya talking about crazy?
Well said!
great to see you on Friday. Hooray for being irrelevant ;)!
Hung out with my sis today for a little while. Enjoyed you bxtch! (:
that's hurtful bro. I spit that Ether!
I want to know why my nose piercing hole smells wierd!
Thanks for follow
Bowl Games are about as interesting as Youth Leage Soccer................It's not interesting.
Speaking of luck, there is part I of luck, Best turning pro. Just can't afford a hiccup in Rocky Top.
Buzz in a bit with Erik. Gonna rawk!
A: We do a lot of things with a lot of the free clinics, we're working with mayor's office on a project in Church Hill
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.-- Kahlil Gibran
i got beat up the whole time i was outside.
“: Sometimes we are given only a few minutes to be with the ones we love, and a thousand hours to spend thinking of them.”
just saw the victoria secret commerical with playing as the background! Made MY Night!
I was wrong. Go figure.
When boys rather stay up on the phone with you than go to sleep <3
wish i could watch... but... uhh... im not even gonna even make up an excuse, ill be asleep... xDD
Happy Leap Day!
So, i've gotten a reply from everyone in except for Cameron and Tyler. Why boys...why?
Should have known that something was up after Ishii's back-and-forth with all the major orgs prior to his debut though.
That was a fun party.
Thanks for sharing today's blog entry!
nope, to Hawaii for the next year :)
I just wish everything wouldn't get so complicated right when I think everything is ok again....
dont forget my Koala. I think he will fit in your suitcase.
My evil twin and I tossed a coin to see who got to play today. Guess who won?
Not yet. Lol. Finishing school is my first priority right now! You?
Laughed in the sun, and kissed the lovely grass. ~Rupert Brooke
watched the interview ... Fantastic! You're drive and passion is beyond enthusiastic... I strive for it everyday!
I just want to listen to speak all night.
Looking forward to it! I can show you our exciting greenhouse and our even more exciting grad dungeon.
golden gold
Find a trusted colleague to provide honest course feedback.
haha - I'm not going to argue with your assessment. Happy St. Pat's to you as well! Have a breakfast burrito for me, please.
I wanna see you!!!!!! It's been forever!
Thats what happens when you are around Angelos for any length of time
Ach, should have brought my ukulele in today! The morning started out so promising w/ the internet down.
Told today I was "L.A. 19". Whatever the hell that means.
thanks! Retweet and tell your friends! We play in less than 2 weeks! :D
Consider using a rep to be the face of your social media program. This allows people to connect with your company on a personal level.
God I hate dc. This traffic is making me homicidal.
#nowwatching Enjoying Everyday Life with :]
So far critical opinion seems to be split although I'm seeing more hate on Twitter
So good to find the BBC and CBC... good radio is...well...so good!
he would tell me you a always get the same thing every time lol so he picked out toppings for me
Is there a lower form of human than the CRAIGSLIST REAL ESTATE "BROKER"? There's no way your name is "Douglas Douglas," Douglas.
Drove past J&B, and automatically assumed and were inside
Technically it was outdoors at midnight... But, details.
Barring a trade, there will be a new addition to the family tonight.
RT : #MutantEmcee 's come out and play ...... www.MutantEmcee.com
Wow! RT : Annika from Rho Chapter at raised over $20,000 for the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center!
Great year at Oswego. Excited for next year.
Looking forward to a busy week for www.green-renaissance.com/fair
fml . i swear.
On the road to Houston, I cant wait to get there already, and to weigh-in tomarrow, IM HUNGRY!!!!!!
Bayview? More like Beardview. Lots of beards here. They gave me one to wear while we visit
I hope I did good on that test.
Good question. While we do pin most joints for strength and durability, we don't typically use drawbore pegs/pins.
CHICAGO SHOW - The Elbo Room - DYNAMIC BOX & Others - 6-11pm - Sunday, Aug. 1st - MAKE your weekend Count! ROCK!
I've already had 3 fights with my dad about her being here. It's what he wants and I told him to leave me out of it from now on.
harry potter was mindblowing.
I'd love to be famous.
sometimes people on Twitter are just creepers XD. also, please follow me or follow me back <3 :)
is the Sanford PD a private police set-up? TY for coverage
this movie is gay. :o i rather watch Fred... :)
I have a feeling May is going to be a pretty fabulous month. It certainly has been thus far.
Glad I could provide a tweet-bite worthy quote to use in your article. Cheers!
I had fun today. Gotta work tomorrow I should get some sleep.. Z<3
its okay, everyone has their moments #awwk (x
appears for 4th time in 5 days. Before game Roenicke said he trusts him to tell him if the workload is becoming too great
A4 a cool visual with great thought make a tweet exponentially more powerful :)
Ate at FoxtailNHounds had Grn Ch.ChBurger a green beer,and a BlacknTan!Happy St. Patricks Day!
It's funny how, no matter how often I take the G train, the smell of feces at each station is still shocking.
Control by on WRVU 91.1 Nashville right now! Winning!
Everyone is saying that. I might have to go.
Should of Hit me Bro
#YouGottaBeKiddingIf you think America's got talent
when ppl say one thing, but mean the other and think we have mind reading powers to for see wtf they thinking <<<<<
I LOVE YOU!!!! You are so talented and amazing, oh i love your accent<3<3 please please please tweet me back?!?!?!<3
about to take a risk! the life of an #actor is all about tenacity and persistence.
Thanks for sharing #SpaceRace2012 with your followers!
Google Map truck spotted on our street by People were waving at it. Hope he got filmed
"Try and steal this. You can't steal happiness..."
about to whip in some FIFA ;)
THAT WAS KIRSTEN!!!! LMAO ;P
wanna be a winner?? erase that doubt!
Smashing some burgers w
: RT Any burrito can be a breakfast burrito if you eat it early enough.
The shirt ... questionable. The pants ... iffy. That belt ... lawdhavemercy.
Dear #Orioles, thanks for the hope!! Please don't break my heart next year!!
In west virginia. Hello west virginians
Every time I see a beagle I have to resist the urge to run after it.
I love elderly ppl w a passion but they need to have their own lane to drive in...like the HOV-the OPP lane: old ppl plz
im in da studio wut time u get out work!?
Learning from client IU Public Policy Institute about recs in new Policy Choices for Indiana's Future report.
"Father, forgive them" (Luke 23:34) Ignorance is no excuse. Christ’s death, Christ’s forgiveness is still required.
The most realistic aspect of is that composers indeed need an assistant! Picking up dry cleaning and making tea is such a pain!
I believe it! I'll be contributing more as well.
Do you have relatives there?
we have to stop playing phone tag my friend.
good morning dear!
SFUSD board president Hydra Mendoza: "really proud of work is doing ... expecting your students to bring our comm'ty up&out"
And I'm still up.
No problem, plus you're awesome at the job (as well as on NHL Network) Happy Birthday as well!
I seriously hate Ross ...
Sometimes i know you want me an other times I dunno.... but honestly I don't wanna play the guessing game
On my way back home, after enjoying 5 fabulous days in
my grandpa used to say, "there's no such thing as a bad beer, some are just better than others."
- www.MadeInSatx.com has a couple of movers listed.
I just don't get the logic of some people.
Wow really needed this today RT : "If you believe, you will receive." -Matthew 21:22
The Ramayan has lists of allies Rama has when going to liberate his wife from bad guy. Compare Iliad book 2.
give your voice a break, let your beard take over
All packed up and ready to fly home. This has been absolutly incredible! I will never forget this city, the people I met and the...
How does one transcend hot and cold?
I keep a open mind and try to learn new things each day..
Getting ready for our interview with the Cincinnati Enquirer!
Happy Friday! :)
RT I'm feeling like war tonight. Especially fiesty. Bring it.>>> I think Carolina BBQ is just "OK".
Tonight: People's Improv Theater with Tomorrow: Drinking water for 40 days....
I Miss You Terribly Babe :/
#FF support local radio! Follow Fridays!
Point is, about 25 yrs ago, it became v. fashionable for regular old white people to claim native heritage. He's one of em.
Come to the hall 1st RT : I wish I could - but I have the Broadway at Birdland concert!
"Is that rain?" No bitch, you just got so famous that you went blind, deaf, and retarded! Gezzz shows how lazy our society is becoming
John Verbos never fails to mind fuck me. Never.
r ppl still tweetin?? i tink de're 2 busy watchin the show!!
Why do I like you so much
The older I get the more I appreciate the good in people coupled with zero tolerance for stupidity.
Couldn't ask for a better day. RC3 was incredible , Tribes was awesome, spent time with my lady and all this on 4 hours of sleep.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change; courage to change the things I can; and wisdom to know the difference.
wats up how u been
sometimes people would give my Dad a hard time, and he'd moon them. they'd shut right up.
I've done both, so I'd say everyone wants the same things: Quality work, on deadline. Do that for everyone & you're good.
send it to me again, it didn't go thru
So cocky. Oh wait... Not Really.
YES. RT : We need some Funk at the next SuperBowl... I'm startin the call right now. PFunk All Stars @ SuperBowl 2013.
Happy Halloween Tweet Ghost Riders!!! Get 1000 Business Cards $39.99!!! Call today for more info 720-542-6105!
Foot: stiff Achilles tendon
I'm good .... hows the lil one
#NewFeds mentioned looking at job descriptions as a wordle. Copy & paste into wordle.net
Yeah man he had all those playoff wins. Oh wait.
If you woke up this morning, you don't look like what you been through.
I'm about to pull my Choppa suit out the closet.
Composing music in Logic is like trying to break out of prison with a nail file.
Ah, as I said, you ARE the most devastatingly devilish demon. And ALL mine! ;) G'night!!!
Astro Jet Car Wash in Sellwood uses the FINEST ECO-friendly chemicals for cleaning your vehicles.They are better than your dishwasher soap!
"Wicked Wednesday Follows "
i've only packed half of my suitcase -_-
i send you an email yesterday so i hope to hear back tommorow as my client is waiting on an answer
Aud at cmoa is filling up
Dreams money can buy.
That's totally my MO these days. Go home early/ WFH to be as productive as humanly possible. Gotta love the irony!
...if I used a pink ribbon in a marketing initiative and was promoting something other than fighting women's cancers. We all...
The air stings my lungs
things will come around. I'll pray on it. :-)
^ sandikrakowski: I have such respect for those who face their issues and don't blame. No matter what it takes, do the work.
Laying in the sun for 2 hours then spraying myself with the freezing hose = The Best Feeling Ever.
good meeting you this morning with Enjoy the game!
#shehechat I must confess that I have not yet explored Pinterest for myself or my org.
Thanks. Happy New Year from Seattle!
I'm at the #cbjDraftLotteryTweetUp and can't decide what to eat
Whether I run one mile or four, that first mile is always the worst!! After that it's easier.
i salute keep da movement going
RT IF YOU WANT ME TO CALL YOU. (MUST BE Following FIRST) CALLING ALL MY FANS TONIGHT!
I miss you too, but I prob won't see you until June :( We'll see. Hope all is well with you.
When a good thing goes bad, its not the end of the world. It's just the end of a world that you had with one girl...
WOW you loaded a lot into that tweet - nice!
allison call me!
Watching Messi is just unreal. He controls the ball better than anyone on the planet.
Now another Monticello High School student at #bosmtg is arguing money for the #westernbypass should go to teachers in
Very cool. I love Gin Old Fashioned style. Did you enjoy the ambiance and overall experience?
Big city living objective 1 complete: chased down a bus through traffic
Good lesson for all. MT : Pawlenty said learned that he should have been more authentic and "let the chips fall where they may
Very pretty jewelry on your Etsy page!
sounds like espn was desperate to manufacture a story, god knows that never happens
McConnell, Rove, Ryan, Cantor are among the most evil men to ever walk the earth. All they lack is opportunity...
Is it Tony Plush or Tony Clutch!!! Break em' off another Capital T Plush!! Plushdamental 133- Be Clutch
RT RT series on Post-Socialist Punk in Eastern Europe from iTunesU in the Social Sciences section!
Ur a little younger than me..... may b .....when u eighteen ...but we could be bfs if u want....
they need to stand up for you since you can't speak hooman. Mom learned hard way but it wasn't too layte
been on a facebook hiatus, but i'll be there. it was the 7th at charlie brown's right? excellent choice
Work is over and now it's time to start playing some poker on Full-Tilt
I'm in the Club World lounge waiting for my flight to Copenhagen. How did a girl from #Hobart end up here?!
so tired.
hey I didn't say that I said if we were the avengers you'd be the black guy
Writing 500 times in cursive: "I will not be jealous. I will not be jealous..." :)
Also notable in light of article earlier this week indicating fall-off in book scanning at libraries.
not entirely sure how that applies, but hey it still sounds intelligent>.<
whoa! cool
I'm at my daughter's dance recital
Ugh fuck. I love my bestie to death, but he's such an ass sometimes. So glad we ended up just friends.
you alright?
Hi Thx 4 following All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Ltd Time offer Contact
fix the var declaration to use class reference instead of id
I hope it's already SUMMER tho, I wanna swim in the beach, go on somewhere, and no tons of homework to do.
Making beer dip, buffalo-style chicken chili dip, cheese & pepperoni dip and jalapeno ranch dip w/ at 8:45
First week in February!
Boston's throwback uniforms are fucking SiCK!
Is everyone at Super Sunday? I'm at the bookstore and its awfully slow in here...
Finally off to sleep..... Wk in the a.m....Goodnite tweeters....
A new self-guided bullet works similar to a missile, able to hit targets more than a mile away.
#1 for any skin type is to take a fish oil supplement so that you are nourished from the inside out!
I like the thought of sweet biscuits in the morning...
I would love to go to this twakeover, but i don't haves any moneys. Damn son.
LaMont J.'s new album cover is HOT thanks to designer Alexis R.! #workinprogress #staytuned!
Are. You. Kidding me.
TY I did! GR8 Week to u all
Deleting mad people... fuck these flaw people taking up my memory
track?! oh gosh that involves running... Pretend to fall and sprain your ankle! :/ well maybe that's not the best plan...
(: smoke that shit good *cough cough* lmao
get a circle first and keep It small
Any ideas for a new Jae-Wan t-shirt?
Check out my homies from on the T.I. And Tiny show on VH1 right now
So impressed with the city right now. Everything is looking better that expected
Good job on #Firsttake way to rep !
Okeechobee, FL... I would ask you but I assume it's Tallahassee cause I seen your tweet bout headin home today...
“: 35 minutes till its Friday basedgod!” I wish :/
Your bitch give me brain she's a know it all.
it was agreed upon at the book club that this was indeed the case. Take pride! :) (the nasty smiley)
New Music comin yall Way 32 New Beats.6 songs completed so far..recording starts @ midnight...
They love me :)
Sometimes I wish I still had my virginity.
don't be afraid. The mustache will protect you
Parents, advise your student to always talk with you first before answering any questions from school authorities when police are present.
Have fun then. I used to teach Bible studies....random confession haha. I really hope you've had your caffeine!
I will always <3 Justin BIEBER no matter what! even if he dyed his hair bright red. I love JB not just for his looks but for his personality
Imma take a dance class to get ready! And buy Just Dance! And Zumba Fitness! And watch Step Up 100 times!
good luck!
Bitches needa stop it with their drawn on eyebrows . Especially when its hellah too dark and crooked .
understandable. you can general questions to or add their event schedule to your calendar to make their next meeting
thanks for having me
20 more till 1000 followers :D
5.7 lb fluke won the $250 reel today!! Season pass for 1st 7lbder still up for grabs!
cos I'm creative innit :P
I'm getting the feeling that you have a thing for bisexual guys ;p
while every new technology has req'd new balance in (C) law, the Internet may be a unique tool requiring a more complicated process
Wow! Thanks! Yes, I would love to do it again!
they bleeped it, but it was hilarious to hear you swear none-the-less!
Hahaha I know but still. It would be better without him.
Thx, Julia! RT : Good reporting by AP's shows it's hard to be evidence-based in arguing for or against...
muthafuckas dnt wash up either bro, get yo itchy booty ass away from me wit dat
#amreading Provenance: How a con man and a forger rewrote the history of modern art by L. Salisbury & A. Sujo. Great read!
Just about ready to submit my panel proposal for #AHA2013 if I could only think up a good title. Not the best late-night activity.
Fucking kill me now RT": A woman will spend about 3500 days of her lifetime menstruating."
damn its already 9pm..... i just love how i get 5 hours of sleep and work 11 hours and have 9 hours to do what needs to be done
#40DAYS!!! YES<3 FOLLOW BACK, I LOVE YOU.
You too
Love passing T.C. Williams high school on the way to work.
please pray for my family and the other people that have to work security for NATO in Chicago this weekend.
RT : Three killed in Texas cockfight. That's one bad ass chicken!
Most likely to be on america's next top model :D
S/0 to for signing with the Spartans! Big year next year! For Spartan Nation !
This cold i have seriously suckss :/
Love the show Tony And your still unbreaking my heart :)
follow me pleasee.i love you soo much! #NEVERSAYNEVER!
Look forward to connecting with colleagues from and more
Bout to go handle this Business, come back to the crib and chill then practice.
yea the one on ipod is marilyn though
I suggested they look at and CAA as examples of best practice
1421- A fire destroyed part of the just completed Forbidden City in
I don't get why they changed her name. Asha is so much more Red Sonjaish.
And you niggas money funny call that shit Martin
RT : Doing my part to #keepthewebopen by tweeting out! If you are against #SOPA help spread the word!
Damage in coastal regions, like Bulls Head, in Staten Island. Not considered a "typical" flood region so insurance not possible!
Just left your show in Madison with my 15 yo dd. Thanks for the awesome memories - your harmonies still move me to tears!
nacho cupcakes....
: Mark, click on my profile to see my new page - reformatted as a tribute to your work. You'll love it! Happy Easter.
c'mon now you know better. I'm on my shit!
": #ThingsThatGuysLike girls with curves , only dogs go for bones ."
Rooting for moneyball
We're out of hoodies. Which means we got to see a lot of dream cars! Still looking for pics with a Harley or a Classic Car!
Can someone give me some legit DubStep artists?
thanks buddy!
fucking ants crawling to my pipi.
Twitter is distracting me i have to do my SPANISH.
interesting stuff! Where can I find out more about the crowdsourcing?
I don't play fantasy. AJ is awesome. I don't have to tell you how nice it is to have a catcher who can hit on your team. Or do I?
"Accept the challenges so that you may feel the exhiliration of victory." -- George Patton
YES.. brew crew.. thank you for not brew screwing that up
. No one wants to fill out a form just to get another 16 digit identifier. The ID has to do something useful.
do you like the fort waynes childrens zoo?
> Stop by for some Pizza and Brew mates!
thanks for the unfollow! Unfollowed back! ;)
If Its Not Alot 2 Ask Can U do That 4 Me?
No link, but spoke with Rik Hauptfeld and he is willing and eager to speak about current issues not being addressed. Want his email?
"Feel, deal, heal." Iyanla Vanzant on Oprah's Lifeclass
Happy Pi Day *snapping suspenders*
#kids Mother's Day Brunch at Gaylord Texan Resort at Gaylord Texan resort, Sun, May 13 10:00a: Treat your loved ones to our special...
I don't hate you. I don't think I can ever hate you
I've been thinking too much lately.......
Careful. You could hurt your neck. RT :
I'd use "unlikely" but I've been told I'm a master of understatement, which is a little hyperbolic.
Fedorov was still playing?
Kobe system is in full effect folks!
Oh boy. Enjoy your lustrous career at Amazon's Shipping and Fulfillment Warehouse then!
No notable news. is still waiting for Zoe to decide she's ready. It's just one of those days where everything feels right.
In 2004 election cycle, Sen. Marty endorsed Dennis Kucinich for President
People Under The Stairs! Great movie.
It's at the Hillyer Art Space in Dupont, 6:30 - 9pm
Huge win for the #Blackhawks *grin*
Washington Avenue Drinkery was DOPE ... Thank You H-Town
OMG I did it! I'm Gold status! I don't have to fly like a low class citizen in 2012!
$15 off your hair service with me tomorrow at !!! Call 414.988.4165 to book your appt. :)
It's Friday, Friday.. yup, that song is still annoying but here's something that isn't: ALL SPICE BLENDS ARE 20% OFF!! (through 3/25)...
#PunxsutawneyRomney will get caught each time. He thinks it's 1965, we get information before he lies! Next up, Voter Fraud
Happy #FlannelFriday yall, is now influencing my style. I don't hate it...
Former Air Force safety Scott "Spike" Thomas has been elected to the College Football Hall of Fame. He is the fourth Falcon to be elected
Giving the new interns the scoop!
Cincinnati Bible College
I just saved a lot on car insurance by switching to GEICO?
In seconds...one's life can change from the best...to the worst day of his life
You did?! Hahaha is he really like that or is he just a good actor? XD Yeah, we all know an old nasty grandma like that! :'D
What is your favorite French Macaroon flavor?
dance-testing this song for tempo.
we ain't fat -- it is considered soft and cuddle friendly
Bad tv and nighttime workouts. make the medicine go down! i totally look forward to this time of night.
Tony & Guy audition went great yesterday.. now we wait..
LOL that is so far from the truth. Girls get way more followers and RT's than guy's. My whole 20 followers confirms that
i really need a charger for my phone. wtf i feel incomplete without my shit twitter.... cant wait till dis dweeb brings my shit to me.
A4: We have a mobile-friendly website and have other businesses sign up for events using QR codes
Heck - a mixture between hell and fuck
I'm enjoying that demise
I'm in the market for a legit bow tie, where would you recommend I seek one out?
another 12+ hr workday, and still not finished.. :(
Hey everyone come down to Awesome place.
What type of lighting is your favorite? There are many options! Chandeliers, floor lamps, wall sconces, desk or table lamps & novelty lamps.
I think Katy Walker and Dwayne Pfannkuch
#np Drive By - Train
RABURN HOME RUN?!?!?! *blacks out*
WHAT's NEXT ?????? Bashful SPHINCTER SYNDROME ???? Bashful......ah, I'll stop right there.... : )
thanks for the follow(;
I love my background
The Walking Dead > The Academy Awards
Are u a chicago bulls fan?
Bucks opening night!
Hello, #TheBiebster and Time Travel!
was my 11th follower!! I still remember when you used to answer my tweets!!<21
My listing presentation today was in bed with the man of the house. I got the listing. Dont ask me any questions. Who needs a kitchen table?
m/b ignorance is also feedback 4 us all?
A new slap being played in someone elses ride the feelin ..... Priceless !!!
discusses writing process: starts day with twitter, Facebook, blogs, then writes 5 pages. Whew!
I have so much water in my ears that I feel like I'm on the Titanic.
south of what ?
Thursday my geology teacher is going to show us the "truth" of how our earth is millions and millions of years old...interesting.
I wish I was a morning person. Think of all the things I could get done from 7-9am, if only I'd get out of bed.
New york bands! come get some!
“: As I get older I find it's better to have just a few "real" friends rather then many fake ones”
“People say you don’t know what you have until it’s gone. Truth is, you knew what you had, you just thought you’d never lose it.”
aww :). Well these are just demos that we have and we won't have anything until we get in the studio soon! Stay put!!
All I can do is pray!!
thank you!! Love you!
May 15, staying in Palermo again
his sexiness hypnotizes us and turns us into crazy fan girls... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
gotta love mr. Brooks class!!! #gottagiveem'sass
We're going to have the Broadway Armory chock-ful of crafters and shoppers on Saturday if you've got a free van.
Draper looked twisted hosting on this
I wish I enjoyed tanning like a normal girl. But I'm tan enough so that shit don't apply to me.
When you are alone you are all your own. -Leonardo Da Vinci
“: Watch me get into a car accident now ..,.”
Our first Mixology class! Learning how to make some prohibition-era cocktails!
#CoIT Trend: shifting business models require tech savvy employees; 78% rank consumer recos as most credible form of adv.
There's nothing the Gos can't/won't do.
Todd Haley would be huge upgrade..I would like that move.
Thankfully, the only part of it that's true, is the "it's raining, it's pouring", lol.
If the Twins win this series, we know the Mayans were right.
ok i will c
I like hearing Newt explain how a shooting by a racially profiling racist isn't about race.
its like a jungle sometimes, they make me wonder why they wanna take me under cuuuuz #FatTone >>>>>>>>>
Physical symptoms of #socialanxiety disorder may include blushing, shortness of breath, nausea, and/or shaking.
just used i'm in love.
So if he fails I'm letting you take credit.
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves Drive slow, especially on Sundays!!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> I gotta stop I swear like I have a g35 n shit lol
Sump pumps suck.
New and improved computer Thanks to my 2 wonderful men in my life...My Dad and Husband...They never let me down...<3 those guys!!
Feeling like an addict must feel when he fiends...
hey :) i just wanted to tweet you before i get to work :) i'll start saving some money cause i wanna meet you in a comic con :)
hang in there
Just voted!! :)
...she said, "that shit is for the birds". She...as in me.
Just finished working with -such a beautiful, accomplished, and inspiring woman! <U+2665>
Going to the RJ Donovan State Prison for Take Your Daughter To Work Day... I already feel like this is going to be traumatizing. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
I'm so excited! I just had two lines then minute thirty cut it off. But it was my first time and it will be better next time
Went to a beautiful wedding in Schaumberg Illinois today. A very inspiring ceremony for a fantastic couple.
Poised Creation believes firmly in helping the non-profit organizations of America flourish!
Appointment tomorrow... :-) .
Just got home from Florida and back in the NY..
wife-up strong....will solve that problem..shouldn't do this thing we call life alone...
yeah #robotchicken is off the hook!
Know what you are worth...
Finna take a long walk
Hey good afternoon..I had a good night! How are you???
Thank you!!
:) OK, I'll have to look it up. I've seen every ep. Just don't know the titles :)
Playoff baseball coming on Friday... Whoa! I admit that snuck up on me...
#holiday1kiss spread some holiday cheer through the streets of LA! Blow a kiss to
Thank you for your sweet words! & thank U for loving me even when I shout out inappropriate words when Indy poops in the house ;)
Directors...My play "Falling Awake" is being produced in Midtown International Theatre Festival. Hello directors! Please contact me.
Gogo juice is gonna help us wii-in.
All that noise hasn't stopped the #Lakers from finally playing as a team tonight. Finish it out Lakers!
Go Georgia!!! You made us so proud tonight.
She makes me happy when she smiles.
Combine crutches (or wheelchair) with pitch down (Right + A) and baby, you've got a stew goin'...
RT : High fives to the board! They handled a difficult job last night in LA with level heads and poise. Vote YES!...
People are protesting outside of Chick-fil-a on Sports Arena... Guessing it's about the whole "anti-gay" thing?
You're welcome! You give out some good advice! :-D
If a picture paints a thousand words, #voiceover artists would be out of business by now. They're all becoming professional photographers.
Thank you BOSTON!
Getting things for the annual family Easter egg hunt.
Entrepreneurs: Don't have time to wait - apply to present at the 2012 Angel Capital Summit!
#Praying for our country on this historic weekend. For those marginalized, for forgiveness, love and compassion. We must work together.
Hmm, I think I'd like to be surprised! I'm a big fan of your bear-filled artwork :)
I cut him for Jason Hammel on 4/26 in an 8-team AL only league. Didn't think I would've done that before the season started
Also? I only know you tangentially, but I'm pretty sure you're not maladjusted. Just working through the hard stuff, which is hard.
crap i took my before lunch vitamins too early and now I feel sick. having lunch with friends at noon, and not sure i can wait that long.
Call of Duty
Need to get some house work done, then shower& trynna take a walk with when He gets off(:
Thanks! Let us know anytime or contact for specific questions! Have a great week!
Come in today and try our Almond Joy mocha! On sale this week only and you can get it hot, iced, or blended!
you know the world is coming to an end when Paris Hilton is the voice of reason.
does DVRing it count...or do I still have to pay?
suck it
My favorite candy was always Slopokes
haha i know right? so when i saw that tweet (unrelated) right after his I couldnt help but laugh and now...here YOU are lol
Lol, I shouldn't walk alone. Bitches gonna get cut.
ah today is the day i get to meet you im so excited ill see you there <21
Be iconic be be iconic be iconic be be iconic be iconic be be iconic!!!!
Because Roger is the one to dole out marital advice.
Quote of the Day: Opportunity is missed by most people because it's dressed in overalls & looks like work......Thomas Edison
All lies. If you require assistance, maybe I can help. DM me. I work for the Franchise Tax Board.
One thing C&P data doesn't show: mailing address of vets receiving disability
I love how #MadMen dictates the Trending Topics on Twitter every Sunday night
Apologies to As exciting as SAC meetings are, there really isn't that much intrigue.
all good now mate....well rested and smashed a breakfast buffet in Beijing....next stop Ulan Batoor Mongolia
i hear ya
Really appreciate what this presenter is saying abt the scattering of indigenous records and the need to cooperate to provide access
Co-Merge hosted monthly meeting for San Diego Chamber of Commerce members. It went great. A lot of interesting people.
Good luck with that.
I have 2 tests tomorrow that i am definitely not ready for......
I guess and I just woke up in a #red mood yest!
Life Goes On <U+2665>
yea sorry my iPad was 3% battery and I had to find my charger
love you boo! ;)
Mixed news on 21st century skills from Stanford research...teachers report teaching to test rather than time on crit thinking
“: There's not a day that i don't miss you or think about you ... <3 #blah”
new tuna salad sandwich recipe. bbq sauce and sour cream.
I'm on it. *ayyyyyyyyyyyyy* *CHEA*
well welcome to
I'm pisss. Love u spencer u were a great friend
hello pplz,I'm bored lol =]
apparently not followin me back, lmao
Will you be at WDW next week?
": I don't know who I want to go to prison more....George Zimmerman or Rebekah Brooks." gets my vote for president
Look back at me , hahaha(:
hmm i like that idea...maybe with a picture of a fluffy rodent on the front?
oh i don't have that information ;) sorry
Great Scott!
make it happen
Cranberries are rich sources of antioxidants, with benefits to the cardiovascular system and aid in fighting off carcinogens.
The big ones ALWAYS hit my face, its okay tho, it feels nice :-)
Wow! 40 followers in less than 2 hours?!?! I love you all <3
happy birthday thom
Champions Against Bullying thanks Ruth Carter. It's great that we're on the page!
I just watched "Penelope." Even with pig nose, she wasn't THAT bad. I don't get all the fuss about her. I kinda fell asleep though.
Shorter RT Not like it'd happen, but what wld the game B like if u cldnt change pitchers mid-inning?
ah, I didn't know it wasn't an mmorpg... It's all good, I don't have a 360 either, lol
Didn't think it was possible to be a bigger bucks fan..until today.
Choose to live on purpose.. Let your feelings out & then move on.. Wear a genuine smile!!! Tomorrow can always be better!! 8-)
NO. I'm staying white!
THANK YOU FOR THE SOUND MESSAGE ON SSM.
Does he know it's disgusting to blow your nose anywhere close to where people are eating.. Dude please excuse yourself
We can do that. I work with major labels all the time, I want you to feel safe.Do u have one or do I need to send you 1
Sorry I had to miss DCPS SS meet up group but Im going to workshop literacy in SS on Fri @ #NCSS2012 so Ill bring back good info!
I love when people ignore me
was hoping to do some yardwork, but it looks like rain again. Sprayed weeds yesterday, 1 hr later it rained :(
In other action...Marty Havlat with 2OT GW!!! Great playoff performer when not being Kronwalled!!!
any thoughts of having a mug u buy and bring back each game to get refills?
We succeed in enterprises which demand the positive qualities we possess, but we excel in those which can also make use of our defects
There is no average person. There is no normal way. We each have a gift and when we find it, when we live in it, it stretches all of us.
only think about tomorrow and what it will bring, in your dreams remember to sing.
U.S. Attorney Hickton presented HCEF's Charlie LaVallee with a touching momentum & gave a warm shout out to
Happy Mother's Day!!
... I don't actually want to ditch the class lol. We get to cuss each other out in our next unit! :').
glad to have you here. As u can see, I don't tweet much...lol
#HappyMothersDay Mom. I love you so much. You're the most amazing mom a daughter could ever ask for.
no i think its tuesday.
School can go die.
Congrats! Moving to Seattle?
ahh tomorrow!! (: can't wait..
Thanks for the follow. Like your book covers. look forward to reading your work.
so you know im on my grizzly
I bet the views would eclipse your great guitar videos :) I saw a vid where a sista ended up drinking from a pitcher of water
A GIS for "James Lipton" includes General Zod. Perfect.
In SLC. Had a great show in Logan, UT last night.
Am really liking the Cleveland show on Hulu.
Been there. But our loving God understands 'growing up' sins. Not excusing it, but understanding & most of all learning from it
This is awesome. Four new custom designed Ed Hale & #Transcendence t-shirts! Including #AllYourHeroesBecomeVillains!
If Jensen elevates a fastball in the zone, goodnight braun
Latin America bus
No ! Yours Are <3 . Lets Trade
I almost forgot I much I luv the movie "Lean on Me" 1989. Principal Joe Clark Hnic....
Heading to Downtown Disney!
is such an inspiration anything you set your mind to can be accomplished :-)
CHECK OUT THE LINK AND CLICK ON ''STORE'' TAB FOR CURRENT PRODUCTS.... CLICK ''LIKE'' TO SHOW SUPPORT ...
Hahaaa, Competinq, Much?? ;] Lol Lets RACE!!. BFF VS. BFF"!. :D
I moved to SW side Milw Cty from Whitewater in '99 & I never left. I always wonder what would've happened if I started on East Side
even tho ots only like 1:30 in the morning here im good, how about urself?
Thanks for the Tweet Craig
When a bitch/niqqa is cuffed & swear fuckin the homies is cute #we don't do those .
I hope you both have great weekends away. What am I gonna do without you??
Any day.
The reason they lost 8 is the fact that defense core is horrific. When grant clitsome is your best D-man your team is in trouble
I love you, handsome<333 :3
excited to see this weekend! i hope he forgets his new iPad & camera here when he leaves :-D
Watching Cardinals get their butts kick!
ha ha, you're here too??
#Nevada. Here we go again water rate going up. You conserve they raise rate Watch our 4 those big pay raises.
chicken pot pie? He should have gone with the chicken fried steak.
I wonder what is doing?
great minds think alike
I thought about you- did you know Bruce Springsteen is playing at Nats Park...but it's not part of some awful concert series! lol
How about this? 2 main channel videos and 4 second channel videos?
who was it that said the GOP is just an organized bunch of petty, hypocritical bigots?
Marketing on the Amazon Kindle is the hottest new strategy online using Publishing.
#stompers ya'll rocked... did new orleans proud have a ball up there. 610 Stompers rock!!!
awesome! I guess I should tell what our plans are!! Lol
yeah I saw that dunk! And I was like Omg your daddy taught you good!
Sold more equipment the past two weeks & now look for what we need to purchase for 2012. Been a decent good year & a great past two months.
Revising the script we'll shoot this week for the Yes! To Cookies commercials that will run during the holidays.
": I might wake up early just to see on the news." Haha yes sir!
Yeah tennesse is a good call I might go that route RT I'll say Tennessee and Philadelphia.
#No Lie im not over him :(
some classes are simply boring from the beginning. Lol
Just a dream <U+2665>
Thank you so much for taking the time to personally reach out to your followers & ask them to follow You're wonderful!
the one I was looking at were for therapists to do evals/probes
This is going to be a GREAT event this September in Austin, Texas. I'll be working with the ever popular Shift Economy radio show host...
Welcome Back Students!
": Bauer third? Why third not? Second?" I figured id give the proven guys first nod
You say that you love the sun, but you find a shadow spot when the sun shines.
Thanks for following me, folks...following you too!
Growing up all the light skin and Hispanic folks hollared, I got no love from the dark skin cats. Now, I get love from all flavors. :D
tonight after 7 p screening of "Jiro Dreams of Sushi," a chat w dir
Checking out the Hunger Games then off for some margaritas!
-- Baseball star Roger Clemens has been indicted for obstruction of Congress, making false statements and perjury.
#EBUS118 Just took my first class via Cool to meet my virtual classmates in EBUS118. Fun Stuff!
BIG NIGHT TONIGHT
#SEO requires being more relevant, more authoritative, + more findable - RT
Hold on gotta get the sticks to #Corndog <3
im not doubting weve landed on the moon. are you doubting that we are being exposed to harmful chemicals in large quantity?
“: Im bored..Q&A time! Ask away tweedos” Person you would love to meet and why?
I'll be interviewed by on the jobs plan presented by and other issues, @ 7:30 eastern time
It's 10:13- Is the pre-sale code posted? I can't find it on the website...
One Direction Member Zayn Malik Is Back ... - Disney Dreaming
Tgif!!! Come get hooked on one of our fish fries. You know you want to! Plus Nicole is working tonight... worth the trip!
85 degrees IN the house! 10%humidity, that makes it bearable, right?
Fabulous! Anyone who lives in CA should watch Huell--his shows make us appreciate our golden state!
That decorative garlic plant smelled good when I bought it, but is now assaulting our olfactory organs.
What are you willing to tolerate, or forgive?? Is it really worth it??
thanks, and ! I thought 145 was a bit low, what an odd recipe! Put it back in to 160 and all was well! Er...medium!
tough loss on #smackdown, but you're still a winner to me. One more thing. You're still fucking sexy. M M M!
Going on a run after a Tuscan Tuesday.
thank you hun…thats the 1 i ended up getting
Album cover shoot today with singer/songwriter/cellist Serena Jost!
a software engineer. What about you?
orioles are killing me recently... sloppy baseball.
“: You Ain't Got Nothing Ona Buds My Boy ??”
My God, in the Right By My Side video <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Egg roll ankles:P
so Sketchbook Ink is due in "spring" which ends tomorrow. Any news? Hungry bitmap hippos want to gobble vectors!
nice to see you here
Mikey, my friend Fluey is married to Justine Bateman.
yeah true
Someone just told me to kill myself.
#3WordsForYou GO TO HELL!
"Stupid is as stupid does" #lovethismovie #classic (:
Thanks for following !
Physical therapy help to keep the muscles strong above and below the knee and help stabilize and range of motion.
Man is a goal seeking animal. His life only has meaning if he is reaching out and striving for his goals.
I hate driving long distances unless it's a distance I never been down before.
Fuck they three real talk that's all they Finna get
At Pamela Mitchell's Rnvntn talk at MATC! Pamela says..."Our careers are mnt 2 dlver the lfestyle we want to live". Are u ready ?
yup - just email the details and well do the interview!
Fantastic! Fantastic! Fantastic! On
Of course I'll bring you two back a couple of booklets--maybe even some Brennevin too! :)
Tattoo on friday can wait
so from what the receptionist says your company does not like to NW. Anyway no problem will work with those that do...
Yeah, I wasn't expecting much and wound up getting really wrapped up in it and watching big chunks until I got through 'em all.
I don't want to think anymore..
I'm about to eat (:
I cnt cause I hit the following limit sorry -_-
Its nice to be important but its more important to be nice...
got you man
I am pretty sure that I am in love with Parallels for Mac! I run Windows 7 Pro and it is amazing! And Coherence Mode / wow! ... Sigma out
Hey, Saints fans, my BFF Hillary is in town and reading your funny tweets with me while watching the game! Say Hi!
Mo like my cousin Anthony Davis Play Wit The Thunder lol Azz Clown K Durant NBA Balling Lol
TONIGHT!! Green Iguana Andeson LATIN NIGHT. come out & play ;)
SHE IS SO GANGSTER
I wish I was friends with Hurley from Lost...
Perfect day for rooftop pool party at the with
Can't wait to get rid of Sherman.
Good morning peeps!
god will never let the enemy have the last laugh!...
I predict that Greg Jennings is going to "put the team on his back" and "do this shit" for real next week.
We're maxed out on shorts all color and styles: jean shorts, and cargo shorts. Come and get them before they go cuz they are going fast.
Whitney Houston died. Kinda hard to believe ...
New single by next week just made it the best week this year since my birthday week and it hasn't even happened yet...
#oomf head look like a squashed grape "lol
yup. If Pack has a great season, won't even matter. Someone like Jim Harbaugh with one successful season will sure to get it
Delicious grilled corn on the cob (1st of the season!), macaroni salad, and lemon squares, thank you
"A survey found that the same proportion – about one per cent – of older people had behaviour traits associated with [ASD]..."
The only thing I gave up was using.
rocks the hottest socks in all the land!
Needed a referral for a MA Employment Lawyer... oh, well. :)
.Thank you,stay in touch!!
Enjoying all the Bill Dixon stories. Wonderful tributes.
I'm reading the Art of War and wondering if I can apply Sun Tzu's teachings to Pro-Love principles.
I was totally astonished by Rise of the Planet of the Apes last night. How did I avoid seeing that incredible movie?
HELLO to you too!
TLHs are always looking for band friends. Is there anyone out there that you dig? Consider a gem? Could see sharing a stage with us?
A one way ticket to Santa Monica. This is the beginning of my new life.
I get the best feeling in the world when you say "Hi" or smile at me, because I know that even for a second that I've crossed your mind.
YES! dance date this week?! p.s. Lisa, are you going to Basic Steps tomorrow?!
continue their wide campaign against Braun; testing appeal process is private, except for ESPN
YES. YES. YES. YES.
- thanks for following and welcome to my tweetdom!
Handling Business. Business. Business!!! Between these clothing line endorsement deals, working on my single, working on this collaboration
*I just dropped the mic, walked off stage* RT : lol still not the best in the league. You got Kobe and Durant playing still you know
Let's be honest, best part of #slowcookers is the leftovers. Make meal once, eat it for a few days. Works for us!
Thinkin to my self wats worse law school or Auschwitz in the 1940s?
Chopped of my hair. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087>
Thank you for the #RT and Mentions.
my phone never stays charged smh
That'll work. Get the bacon there. I'm sure people will fiend over that.
Nope! Still here. :)
will do...thanks
Hey friend! When do I get my visit from you?!?
We've been following this program since its #inception (great film btw). Very very good. Thank u
I Really Dont Like Waiting For Your Text
I think its more of a testament to how time has changed and baseball hasn't, this isn't 1922, people can't go to a (cont)
So obsessed with kale right now! 4 cups & 3oz of steak! M!
First prize of our #frenchpharmacie giveaway is ...who won a brazilian blowout! Congratulations
Best friend time! :)
Whenever I'm in here I get headaches
bless her heart! Does she know that you just posted this graphic shot on twitter?!!! ha...
i appreciate that man...ill check it out ...hugs back to ya :)
who's car is that?
at the quiet section of the ugl
That's wat makes it 10x realer RT: FUCK #TeamSouthwood THEY ALL CRIMINALS RAPEST AN KILLER THEY STAB PPL
is it getting nipply outside again?
everyone who is going is well lucky i really want to meet you but i live in England :( xx
Much love to thereal
great show, hardly can't wait!!
I wont be 'mrs mahone' but i stay forever 'mrs mahomie' :D<3
I'll Fly down if Im Invited this year if im invited ;-)
I love u Adam. Love you too Blake. Totally in a non sexually way. Can't say the same. I live the voice!!!!!
Anybody have an extra ticket?
Yay! cocktails in the sun (once these papers get done)
Sometimes you got to accept the fact that certain things will NEVER go back to how they used to be.
Breakdowns can create breakthroughs. Things fall apart so things can fall together.
It's so awkward when Granny confuses Steven Tylor for a man.
I think you went the wrong way man. I - 37 to Corpus Christi is practically the Daytona 500.
I went to the 1st show, I was one of the people who got roasted on stage. Are you the one I met after the show at the bar?
We're single and need dates! Likes: killing zombies and saving people. Dislikes: not killing zombies and the Miami Heat
Still no suspect info in the cab driver shooting. I did talk several other drivers who say they have been robbed. More at 710 on
Looking forward to performing at the festival, with , , and Friday, Feb 17, 8PM at
when you think Paul couldn't be more awesome he does something like this
I know this is so odd. I don't think its him. Mike raised them well. I don't get it
We layed her next to him beneath the willow, while the angels sang a whiskey lullaby <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>
NAY NAY NAY NAAAYYYYY NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NEVER NEVER NEVER NEIN NEIN NEIN NON NON NON NEJ NEJ NEJ NO
Let that shhh burn …
This just in: Diane Kruger is a very attractive woman. That is all.
Ha! I stand corrected :)
ME TOO
Apple showers may bring flowers.
or bankruptcy...good tips
So... I started making my "I am Limitless" video for contest. Taking me a little longer to mix some audio for it.
. Thanks so much for the #FF! We appreciate being a part of that wonderful group you listed. :)
“: Low horizon. A single pigeon mid-flight.”
Norfolk State!
"The central characteristic of authentic leadership is relinquishing the impulse to dominate others." ~David Cooper
Speaking of the library, we've got some great programs coming up. :)
Yeah. You would have laughed. I just stared at her for a moment then said, "It might have been important to tell me that."
Come visit us in Natick today! I'm all geared up for the Rex Sox opening day, are you?
Hahaha! You actually have a better sense of style than most journalists!
I feel you on that I jam any thing down this way Texas lousiaina I'm on all of it well excepted the whole Dallas boogie shit
I like it! Because I believe we have moved from knowing the hierarchies of knolwedge to the SEARCH TERMS of knowledge.
“: Looking at your ex and wondering "was I drunk the entire relationship?"” OMG I LOVE THIS HAHA
Just discovered Klout. I'm an 18 so I have plenty of room to move up. What are you?
That awkward moment when you do that side to side thing trying to walk past someone you dont know
sporting a #MasterLock on
Just smile.
Apparently we live on the street that Halloween forgot . . . no kids. Sad. Too quiet. Pretty sure our neighbors will be TP'd tonight :)hehe.
#NW In Time this movie is crazy yo!!
Good idea! :) The firms should have enterprise versions of Draw Something focused around visualizing product ideas ;-)
YES ultimate vip bitches :)
Don't you fret should you get another cancellation give me a chance and I'll make a permanent reservation heart vacancy by
Can you be a Jewish Atheist? We’ll wrestle with this question with ’s Rabbi James Kahn at REGISTER TODAY!
Just watched #Colombiana pretty good #action flick but still nothing like in #Taken. #BadAss #ShootEmUp #Movie - Like
Just finished presenting social media marketing ideas to City University of Seattle
New volume in the Curations series coming very soon! In PDF and ebook formats.
Off work yeah buddy! !
Looking for a place to study? We have a business center available to reserve for study groups!
#GoingRed with delicious peppered bacon wrapped cod with sauteed spinach made by my wonderful husband! #Yum I love the #weekend!
yea I know I was with her since I got home from school. Is she ok now?
I should probably go get my hair done
tear drops on my guitar </3
I find it amazing how Just Dance still plays on the radio, 4 years later.
it's aight so wat go's on?? Lol
What day is your birthday =) Early Happy Birthday !
my heterosexual partner RT : happy birthday to my gay partner maybe you can send some money to me,,little baghdad
you crack me up lol(;
They setup the tent in the parking lot for ATT park or in ATT park... Theres also a storyline of somesort...
God is always going to be my boyfriend. aha :/
You've given me reasons to smile,& good times to laugh about,but most of all u've given me memories I could never forget..
Wow how do you have 9 cards in a game...
tweeps, i'm feeling uninspired when it comes to cooking this week. what cheap, healthy dishes do you recommend?
Yes, we allow cameras with no flash. More accessibility for researchers, less copy requests for staff
I have a great need for volunteers at the bridge on weekdays from 12PM-4PM all through december. can you help out??
That's so embarrassing for her
Mandatory Mexican Rant: Just because you "think" you know how to make Mexican food does not mean that you can actually make Mexican food!
. came to this morning to record a segment on our golf classic that will be aired today at 4pm & 5pm!...
Mair we'd give you one daily if we could!
My account was hacked. Shouldn't happen again. Sorry!
I JUST SAW THE NEW TRAILER FOR A NIGHTMARE ON ELM ST. MICHAEL BAY I LOVE YOU! DO YOU THINK YOU COULD DO A REMAKE OF PHANTASM OR SALEMS LOT
#OWS mass text claims 30k out on streets, which seems too high to me. But certainly many thousands out for
Power is out in Summit Univ area. Snowed in with candles and kids.
I'm doing some fun searches on advertising ethics. This is going to be an interesting project!
oh no you didn't...
its ok i did too lol now our lazy butts are wide awake how we gonna last in school tmr? #asianpeopleproblems (:
gl the rest of the way
Every time I find the key to happiness, somebody changes the lock.
Follow WorldAblaze for Live Jazz n DC
he don't work there anymore
I know... I put my childhood stuffed bunny under a cloche, but I can't go there. The liquid makes it awful.
Butthole Surfers - Peppers
Hey Taylor! You should check out They're a great clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers
Good GRIEF! Its 7:30 PM already. Where did today go???
“: take the advice of Dory, Just keep swimming, just keep swimming swimming swimming” lol, the more I learn, the slower I get!!
I love the story about stay at home dads reacting to the Huggies ad, where dads were depicted as incompetent: "the daddy test"
its fine.
The Guys are taste testing a 16th century beer. Sweet, sweet, history.
Some girl in the street yelled to me "OMG! You're so hot! I want you!" It's true... You can ask BraduuzyB
quick 1, 2, 3 inning. let's get some runs on offense guys
Or did she say "Rodd wishes he was at Ascott?"
I just feel complete when you're by my side...
Caution: reading my timeline from wherever I left off in tweetbot may result in replying to OLD tweets that some ppl may have already forgot
going back to school tomorrow i was sick monday-thursday -_- fuckerszzz
T.v. has officially gone crazy... Don't fire one of my 3 -___-
No that is a cougar on the hood. Talladega Nights paint scheme
The beauty of factoring is unlike a loan the responsibility for collection of accounts receivables are sold and not used as loan collateral
Expand your horizions at Rawhide this summer, not only with amazing new activites, but by making new friends!
A new golden era: gold rush in the Yukon
Go us?...yeah...go us...hahaha
There's a bloggers corner! Must be where the electrical outlets are hiding
Prom alternative was great! I had a blast cracking up with my friends at the table. #Musicwithdrinkingglasses #scoobysnacks #stronghand X)
not at all! <U+0391>nd its the highlight of my night..
#IfICouldWishForAnything I Would wish for Artwon Oliver To Come Bakkk :' ((
Wouldn't that make it "Hampsex"?
thanks for mentioning us. $ 250 kickback for referred buyers.
Tip of the day: sitting by strangers is way better than standing by strangers
We love Chile! Rico is Venezuelan, hope you enjoy the music :)
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Plak Smacker Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
A very special shout out to Mr Game Time Athletics would like to welcome him to the family. He is our newest #CFL athlete...
When people send me mean text messages < <U+E406>
little of this, little of that, wrapped a movie in Mobile last week. Congrats on the script! I owe you a drink!
Taking no chances means wasting your dreams
not you!
Haha, hey send me that picture of me with them to me.
Alera Rici Series High Back Swivel Tilt Chair
we were meant to be. It was still a shocker but I'm happy :D
#Finishing Wall-E in geometry.
I am jealous! :-) Bring me some sirloin! :-)
This building downtown reminds me of Cinderella castle
Thanks Dan - happy you got something out of it. It's a regular struggle for me. Glad I'm not alone :)
I think they are some of the few people that can come off a tv show and be destined for stardom.
Photoshoot and tracking the last of the vocals today! So soon guys :)
Now that is an important question.
probably best bet is being a former ski jumper yourself
you know a soup is good when you have over a quarter of your crackers left over! Lol
never mind
How Target and Missoni "moved the needle" in the Social Business Index: bit.ly/pkTbrP (cc: )
Hey did you find out if you are going May 12 (this friday)?
I love the smell of freshly cut grass.
niggas is touchin the floor to much for this to b a basketball game
Do Republicans worship the same God as the rest of the world?
In 1977, Yankees win first world championship since 1962.
HHHOOOOOOOSSSIERRRRRRSSS!!! Suck it,
Matt please follow me! I love u so much!
vonnegut + neuromarketing....the night's gone awry
“: *At school* Asian: 'Man that test was hard!' Me: I'm fucked.”
Pop it for a Mention
- having been ridiculed for aging naturally on daytime TV, I TY for your courageous beautiful article. Just like you! Rock on.
I Beez In The Trap
Despite court hearing and agreement by the city attorney, police are telling Occupy residents to be out by noon, not 4:00. This is bullshit
You have two "superstars" and you let Mario Chalmers shoot the last shot? The Heat are a joke.
wahhh I miss them both so much </333 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
- open to recommendations - What's sexy?
Omg your so ugly! Just stop!!!
John Dean says the George W. Bush administration out-Nixoned Nixon.
You sneak dissin lame
City Council meetings are like sports message boards for old people. Lots of complaining, ignorance and trolls.
what fool would try to lead you?????
why isn't Garfield in here too?
Can you get us in the press box? Sub-question: Is there beer in the press box? /cc
dear Obama: about damn time you made that announcement. we knew you had it in you.
I think that's just something people tell you to make you feel better lol RT “: that means goodluck ! Haha”
“ “ Going behind peoples back will only get you hurt in the end””
Thanks for keeping the draft somewhat suspenseful.
lol that's not funny, haven't you heard of slim fine girls?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
New shirts coming in this week featuring artwork by our great friend, ! We're so excited!
Thanks, Dr. Janice! RT : What great convo on #InternPro last night! Where else can new grads & old alums share?
So for next year #sxswedu I suggest hash tags per panel and badge stickers personal tagging ie #mobiletech k12 higherED teacher student
Off to get some inspiration from the Band of Horses () at the Fillmore.
Or they're Justin Timberlake and only date celebrities? Haha
Guess I'm dedicated alum! : Maryland and The Mount about to tip off. Family, friends, and the dedicated students here to watch.
Oh Vegas, how I miss you so. Damn, can't wait to go home. End already, school!
Groovy move by the President
Wishing desperately that would play in SF since he will be in CA anyways why not march 29th with Tyrone wells:)
but I'm torn! It's either "The Fan" or "The Entourage" package... I mean seriously, I'm more than a fan. What's the surprise???
it's a cool day and you guys are awesomer! :)
If Community GIS could be like SIMS, that would rock!
Yeah, it was a welcomed surprise and stopped any doubts of that being the main event.
Granted, Sandusky's defense requested the records, but still...what's to hide? I just think this is bigger than most realize. End rant.
seriously, Liking EVERY ONE of your boyfriend, or girlfriend's status' is not cute, It looks obsessive in my opinion, ha.
. slide shows 176K results of a Google search for "crisis in scholarly publishing." That was five years ago. I just checked: now 307K.
I had fun last night! It was so nice meeting you!
When people are sad.....
Also, I plan on filing a FOIA request in the next day or two seeking specific records from the NRC.
I appreciate you're sarcasm. Your the best (haha)
I hate feeling my face turn red during a speech
"God rescued us from dead-end alleys and dark dungeons. He's set us up in the kingdom of the Son He loves so much”
Im soo cold. /;
Super amped about this summer!! God just continues to work in my favor
Trailer Park Boys!
thanks for sharing the 6 incredibly gross foods article.
Highlight of my night, seeing my 7 year olds reaction when he & my bro opened up their gift: lower levels at Rupp. His 1st UK game ever
I think you should come to Chicago, not only would you avoid the traffic, you can also hang with me!
. I find kino very confusing without the standard storyboard layout, but it seems to support everything I need, unlike pitivi.. nice.
What is your name?
I adore you Fernando !
all #bands and #musicians follow me :)
Wanna $50 G.Card from for V-Day? Be 29th Caller when U hear "We Found Love" by Rihanna. 602.260.9750 - yo!
Bioinformatics analysis using G-nome Surfer in today's Neuro 200 lab
why was I not following this dude told me the game of how the internet works with marketing when I was with cool dude
Late night listening with at the wheel: Screamin Jay Hawkins, Mississippi Records mix tapes, new & Jackson C Frank.
I like this song too it reminds me of you and me baby...do you think there's a chance?
Hey Reg, thanks for the follow - come into Velocity Sports Performance NYC for your free trial workout!
just signed up for a 12 seconds account.might as well test out the new flip right?
Tweet me a number and ask me a question... !(: #bored!
when they start talking about how I'd react to the news , im like "bitch Im already dead to you huh?"
Where there is love, there is life
I'm post op pterygium removal 13 days ago: pterygiumrecovery.blogspot.com has everything you want to know from my experience
doing so now.
Fontainebleau High homecoming week a success
uh hello?! The devil doesn't exist! What is this 1692?
Thanks for such a fun day today!
Hello Everyone! Guess what?! I will be singing the National Anthem for the Arizona Diamondbacks on April 19th!! Make sure you tune in! <3 ya
I think he got into some of the Syracuse players weed stash
I already told you
I drinkk the jack daniels gets the partayy going!
How many folks opposing state-mandated health-insurance drive with state-mandated auto insurance? Just curious.
How do I go about canceling my account?
Wiskullsin shop is open post-Brewers game. 1726 E. North Ave. Side Door. Guto and Majew are making a scene here if anyone wants to see.
Put your middle fingers in the air one time
hi Onno ! thanks for the follow :)
Marry the girl if she grows dank this narly as long as she doesn't look like marly!!!
No kidding! Just a couple more meetings before I could consider that. Downside is the state of my inbox after
Google ads don't know what to sell me. What appeals to strange user who emails about Prop. 8, cat urine, sea otters, and Pokemon?
Who was that ignoramous that took his shirt off all pissed like he bout to lock up?? Hittin the chair nshit like a thug lmfao.Have a __/ sir
#TheLorax on Saturday with my family. Extremely stoked!! \'-'/
Dating my missing socks RT Keep losing my bras. I mean how is that even possible? Its not like they fall off totally unexpectedly
The whole bus was dying oh gosh that was hilarious<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Byrd's famous Triple Chocolate Cookies! Made of cocoa powder, chocolate chips, and chocolate cream- taste so good!
New everything from coming soon! Get stoked!!! Because we are!
Glad I don't have to watch this much longer
We all have one...what’s your least favorite workout/exercise?
An estimated 3/4 babies who get whooping cough actually got it from a loved one. Protect yourself and your baby!
Walkoff Week for the #Brewers!
#YouKnowItsOn when he wraps is arms around while he kisses you.
If you're voting today, do yourself and America a favor, and vote for The Newt! The only true Reagan Conservative left in this race.
New edition at the bank arena? Valentine's day is gonna be awesome
Türkçe'de 'Wow, my Turkish is really rusty!' nasil denir?
Hey Charlie! Saw u at the sports club tnight...lookin good man! Best of luck with the show!!!
I was watching PBR(bull riding) the other night. Man those are some tough S.O.B's
Continue to be amazed at the number of amazing themes for wp. A great option for a ministry looking to update their website!
what's good my twigga???
not anymoree ;) LMAOO. i hated gym. -_- i wasnt even playing and everyone kept going after mee HMPPH >:(
RT if you Love and want to marry him!
i love see pic of you cover in cum
thanks for getting our hopes up
Ready to get home.
7 months till I am done with studying forever.
When a girl tells you about her problems, she's not complaining, it means she trusts you.
I won't give up on us, even if the skies get rough. I'm giving you all my love, i'm looking up.
#Np ; Right By My Side ,
Thanks for sharing, Carlton!
My goal in life is to design a website so pretty that people don't need to use readability to make viewing it bearable.
Happy Earth Day!
RT Join our SAM Party on Dec 4th @ 1pm at Georgetown Univ. Topics: hypertension & preventive care. RSVP required
I'll come over! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
You need to live for today, because you never know who won't be there living with you tomorrow.
Why don't we get #happybirthdayjulian trending for !!!! Huh?
Enjoyed seeing you guys. Tomorrow will be fun!
got chu boss
My car is my office today!!
Im DDFFINATLEY not ur go to girl when u wanna flirt with someone cos ur boredd
That one I'd call standard fare. Democrats are called un-American. Any Dem pres would be,
Come on Big Blue...
Lebron being in the State Farm commercials encouraging kids to stay in school because "Dreams start here." the irony....
what is air and what is the sword that rips into the breast? / like blood inside/ glass cages of blood
Welcome to the American League #Puljose, Angels & Royals stiil 0 to 0. Money is on Angels.
Why does everyone love irish accents?! Aussie accents all the way. Australian accents > Irish accents.
thought we would have seen more actual veteran #NFL players traded during #NFL Draft; pretty quiet on that front.
are you out tonight?
Masyia in A Daze , listening to Lil Peanut and stuff !
tragic story of molalla hit and run death. learning more about the suspect. uncovering sad details about his life.
so sad u did not win
from your profile pic I think I'll have no trouble finding you at CTIA...
Nope, everything is okay without a follower such as you.
RT if u have an oovoo if u do add me madaali1001
I'm sad, but how cool - Challenge Unveil The New Blockbusters Set & Title Sequence: via
OK, what do I need to do, whose feet do I have to lick, what country do I have to be from, in order to work with you?
#RESPECT RT : trust me y'all gonna get them next time!!!
its called Malignant Narcissism OR "everything has to be about me"
Today's my wife's birthday. I sure hope one of you people got her something nice.
what up kid? you still collapsed did you forget? #######
Think I'm at Karma
Do you actually have any real ideas to share? Or will you just keep attacking instead of designing your own camp.?
I missed 's Ustream for the FIRST TIME EVER!! kill me:(((
you going thru my papers?!? Is this a regular thing, mister???
Getting into a freshly washed bed>>>>
playing Webkinz with is probably the best way to impress people. especially when you wear bandanas on your head.
David Blaine had the best illusions!
a single glass of wine and i can barely get off the studio couch.Resolved: will eat and sleep more in 2012. To bed, then back to work.
what's your email?
Headed to with for some good preso's on new age #media at
So what babe.Its cool.Your mom loves me.
Hope you had fun! See you next time! :)
Looking forward to the ongoing #bitterness bowl battle with May the most bitter win. Cc:
bored and coled
good thing I saved the receipt for that acai berry I just bought. :)
I went to that, too! It was amazing. And also incredibly annoying when people kept hissing throughout the witch's scenes.
I hope the Power get things going again this saturday! LETS GO POWER!
The Stanley Cup Playoffs will officially feature the Washington Capitals.
"Diligence is the mother of Good Luck."
Tweet Tweet Tweet.
Taking my black as to the studio like right now right now!!
I want chocolate chip bagel from Panera Bread
no! i keep telling diego and he always seys he cant so we're gonna have to plan it on out own!
I totally queened out watching the episode of
Desire, ask, believe, receive.
the calm before the storm..."Commencement" will b here soon 5/29/12
: thinking of all the good old times. Can I get a RT? LOL.
Man i need a snack .
We'll be there!
I just finished a 1.48 mi run with a time of 18:21 with Nike+ GPS.
I'll hit u up tomorrow about the game
Nothing's more embarrassing than having a cholo walk in on u peeing.
The worst day ever.
One beautiful day today. Took the bike out for a long ride.
that's awesome
things will get better . I promise .(: && no problem (:
": #Protip Having a basic understanding of geography is helpful when you travel to other markets." .....hahaha hilarious thx
Oh hey Gwen!
happy mothers day to my little big cousin ....u will always be my pig
I wish people would stop taking pictures of their food. The only food that is photographed and actually looks delicious is fast food.
Just pouring another cup here. RT : Good morning! Where's the coffee please? RT -
Getting to old to stay out until 1:30 in the morning with a am show!
does he like his new harness?
#IfICouldWishForAnything is wish to go back in time an fix all of my mistakes.
Happy Birthday welcome to the club!
Robbie just grabbed my arm & used my hand to hit me saying "Stop hitting yourself!" Thank you for teaching him this.
Wow. Can't weather over there make up its mind?
I hate it when you name a git branch something hard to type (like "nononsense"), and then have to type it constantly for days.
being the only president in U.S. history to support gay marriage to earn the young liberal vote? fuck no
where you goin ... Cove??? Maybe ill just come but I'm not sure rod may want to 2.. ill text yu in a lil
I can't wait to see it! The underworld movies are one of my fav's, absolutely love them! :)
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :I want to talk to Roxie but BearBear can't speak.
Awww yeah Rangers!!!
No doubt marcum is key “: More than just him Marcum and Lucroy have to bounce back. Nyjer has 2 produce again."
I loved "10 Things That Good Bosses Do." Is there any way to contact you via e-mail? Thx!
#WeAreBC RT : GO Eagles! Good luck tonight!
Thanks for the follow!
Just voted for for the NASCAR All Star Race - in part because he was so cool to me when we played paintball!
More like a snail.
Hands on the wheel no uh uh Fuck that
what's on your mind Tisa???
Q: Why does breath have to stink in the morning? I be wanting to roll over and have morning sex, but not have to deal with mornin breath
omg I haven't even heard of it!
Isn't that the truth? Where you off to on vacation?
bobo? LMFAO. How do you get that outta vincent tho? WHAT THE HELL?
is wishing everyone Happy Holidays and is still making cookies...
Eh? I won't be getting it, my computer can't run it. Now, if it is released for consoles as the rumors claim... ;)
stop being selfish ;)
Have an artist flying in next week to record booked 4 days straight loves the vocals coming out my studio
#ignatius recommends asking #god not only to take away our fears of rejection, but even to send us what we fear most.
Economics is war pursued by other means.
So sad I didnt even make it dtown but the westside rocked it associates
Uhm, don't get too excited about my day off-it starts...wait for the jealousy to set in...with a scheduled bandage change for the pups paw.
thank you :) RT #WW Most excellent follows Don't miss!
Everyone is so annoying today omg glad I'm leaving.
TONIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE EVERYONE FREE TILL 11:30 LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT!!! $5ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ ROK &
love to invite you to come to Harbor House for our brunch we offer on Sundays!
Will mos def be gettin a copy. Got em all. Way back from the CD with u & ya Dad on the cover. GOD bless
": yes...baseball IS in fact more important than X-Factor....so you can wait! lol" who says otherwise? That's my fightin side!!
Starting my drive to Denver now. Entertain me cuz it's gonna be long and boring
Stealing this MT Shatkin I'm well past the ingenue phase of my career. I'm the hard-edged, raspy-voiced dame running the whorehouse.
Well, you could have a taco salad, but I think those defeat the purpose...
That would be me but I'm totally disqualified by sending this tweet....just expended effort
Good Morning, Twitterverse!
Oh yeah I forgot about him, he'd probably be a 7th/8th man.
Ugh. Can't sleep.
We are open!
freelance though I do subcontract through other production companies.
I just gave up. No matter what I tried same thing happened to me too. :(
Your own CMS, or an existing one? What features did you want to port over?
where's the mariachi band at?
Words I can't take seriously, even when used properly and with the best intent: thrust
Watching the news before 9am = impressive. The obsession = not so much.
nice little cupcakes, precious little cupcakes ...
OMG FUCK YOU WHAT THE FUCK. WHAT THE HOLY SHIT LOVING ANAL SEAPAGE ARE YOU
Human beings are made of body, mind, spirit. Of these, spirit is primary, for it connects us to the source of everything.
Thanks 4 following; I'll follow back. Great articles!
Is it friday yet? This has been such an exhausting week.....so ready to start my weekend.
Be still my heart: playing the movie 'Big' on the bricks!!
Yes - make RTA the sole org in charge of pub trans.
I need to call you up. To talk abt money.
Thanks so much, Pati! Have a lovely weekend!
I love your video's, good job!
This smart young lady just asked me if I needed a envelope for $48.76
Something is wrong when it takes more time to tie your tie for the hearing then the actually court hearing itself.
wouldn't even ENTERTAIN the thought in madden! If u ain't been in a tourny; a REAL ONE, eye want even play u
I can't! My parents are bitching at me to do homework.
Watching Sweet Home Alabama and trying to plan my life. I really need to stop feeling sorry for myself and suck it up. I'm annoying myself.
Britons not up to speed on capitals Not knowing Canberra is the capital of Australia and thinking it's Sydney could be excused but many B
I love 'Girls!' Those characters are so familiar to me. Very real show.
Thanks for the compliments on the show. Album coming soon!
RT : Promoting FB campaign w/ 1 email yields 50% increase in engagement. 2 emails yields 100% increase via
It's our pleasure!
Hmm. Look who's been following who...
i wish he would just leave me alone!!
What Makes You Louis Ass :D
Granger a boxer dude hed put the hands to lebron lol RT : Granger don't want those problems
Awesome!!! Congrats!!! More trips to Houston for !!
I see u love kimmey as much as I do. I am going to be so happy in a few years from now she will be on celebrity big brother!
Not that the eyebrow wasn't already unusual...
Which, however, seems to be a problem....MT iBooks Author is only for authoring iBooks -- no EPUB support at all...
I was going to say it's the college "championship" game for PR students but when I was in the comp, felt more like hunger games
Seriously! “: So, Will Ferrell was on SNL & Usher was the music guest? Am I in the 90's? I want to Surge & play w/ a Skip•It.”
Lord, awaken our endurance so we may faithfully advance in prayer--may your Spirit make us bold in our request and what we do for You.
There is nothing to be loved except my oemahkoe'ers :p.
so many amazing titles! Send them all!!!
#IPrideMyself on how i listen to all genres of music, how else are you supposed to write music without different perspectives?
I like your sexy face. :D
#NowPlaying Complicated by Face to Face /cc
I think what disturbed me about tasing you was how much joy and pleasure she was having doing it ! lol
Getting ready for the Gophs in the #FrozenFour...Let's Go #Gophers!
My biggest memory of 2011 was watching #Kimbrel sob in the locker room after blowing the season for the #braves - #Brewers can do it again
- too soon. i can't talk about it. get back to me in 65 years.
Prejudice squints when it looks, and lies when it talks.
is working with #CitizenEffect for the #Detroit4Detroit program. To get involved contact Stefen Welch.
RT : See the many ways printers, book designers, & artists approached the artistic presentation of the King James Bible....
Chilling high
idk! I hope so though!! I'm kinda grounded so I gotta wait to get off from being grounded!! ):
A guy being a girls bestfriends>>>> Don't exist
Phil i really like this shot or your tea
it used to be cool staying after talking with the teachers lol. But for sure, lets! Do you have a fake or just party?
Haley your in this too!!!!
That moment when you miss someone so much, you can't even handle it anymore so it breaks your heart so much .</3
Hello! Welcome to tweeting, thanks for the follow!
Hello gorgeous!!!! xoxo
RT : Holistic health is the key to true beauty
Been talking to my Bestfriend all day :)
Bro will you follow us so we can dm you
good luck, I'd love to hear what you find out.
How did you get this stuff?
Yeah, I pulled an Ashley and deleted it. :P Awww, they're cute. Money is lame, but it's okay.
Called my dad to tell him happy birthday. He was walking back to the MO-tel. You know, The Venetian.
Hahah how could I forget such an important day in history? :P
is it coming to Indy?!
Live music: even if it sucks it's good.
They represent the last 30 days… black dots mean you checked in, light gray dots mean you didn't.
Icp facepaint is a bitch to clean off.
you will! No doubt! xx
RIP.. Whitney Houston!
will have to look. On iPod now. Easy to use in a horizontal orientation.
Changed my username to something Linkin Park related. It's temporary but I like it.
Feel like I got cooties & spread cooties. Like how Mister's daddy said Shug had the nasty woman's disease! :-/
Happy Saturday to all my followers! Can you believe we survived the first week of #2012?
#66-Richard Seymour-DT-Oakland Raiders
oh kobe.
RT : HAPPY WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON>>>
Found some letters from my grandpa in France during WW2 to my grandmother & dad in the Bronx. Will share them w/ you soon
companies. John Bautista from giving awesome advice on what acquisitive companies are demanding
But look at the depth of our team. That IS Pioli's responsibility.
Poet: Ars Poetica. Like, now. Shit, what piece? Looking for money to put where my mouth is. Tell me what to bring in
Congrats to the amazing graduates - you're leaving large shoes to fill! I know you'll go on to do big things :)
Orlando hosting #MashableConnect. Kicking off tonight!
So awk “: That awkward moment when Megan Fox is pregnant and you're not the father.”
I feel like aching death today. It's not overly pleasant, nor entertaining to read about.
follow me please i love you so much <3 yolo
Paseo Underground at midnight. Come out!
Opportunity may knock only once, but temptation leans on the doorbell.
stay fly till you die!
I just cannot drink like that and be productive the next day.
<<---- Mexican 80's Baby with No Baby. :P
Hi! I keep hearing about you & your research in DH. Would love to hear more about it! Are you still in the area?
Wow sabers if y'all played like this all year you'll be in the eastern conference lead meh
you're the one that i dream about all day, you're the i think of always. < 3
I don't have any contacts in this phone...but really idc to ask either so don't take it personal if u don't hear from me
Dakota, I appreciate that.
Omg I JUST Had That Like 5 Minutes Ago Lol .
MT If u want to prevent abortions, u make sure every 1 has health care, a H.S. diploma & birth control. Not the exact opposite.
Man I'm sleepy
you ARE beautiful!
I can help you get rid of that little boy chest
Hard to believe but we need to sort this thing out over the next 23 hours....
steered I just got this. What's good bookie lol
then you have my older sister who keeps saying, "the jonas brothers are sincerely the greatest boy band of all time"
eeew then it got bloody -- awesome fight though
debating whether to watch an episode of #DarkShadows on lunch or just go into the Burton film tonight blind ...
You're so clever, but clever ain't wise.
Is there a way to just automatically retweet everything that says?! Must follow for all #NFL fans.
It's 245 am. Shouldn't the "adults" in 2024 shut up and go to sleep? They r called sleeping rooms.
RT : Ray Bradbury "I'm 17 and I'm crazy. My uncle says the 2 always go together. When people ask your age, he said, always say 7"
Well damn idk what to tell you um just don't put no holes in the pillow lmao
Dear friend that doesn't speak to me until he needs something, you need instrumentals of these songs burned? I hope you like neon pink.
Silencee is so awkward
#First20SongsOnShuffle #13 Sexy and I Know It by LMFAO... You know it's on your iPod too ;)
Psalm 34:18 18 The LORD is close to the brokenhearted and saves those who are crushed in spirit.
til i actually start school im back home in Kentucky with my parents
Need to clean my room and get my homework done.
You already know their names?! I need a few more weeks before I'm at that level.
Thanks for the #FF shout out! Great War of 1812 picks!
We're finally moving into new prac. space and taylor's got her new Rhodes, so should be a fun jam night!
Something cool is coming out of Orpster in the next week. You will wanna see this.
Swiping to move selection onto desired item in Remote.app+AppleTV is exact opposite of how scrolling now works in all other Apple software.
PPSS Feature Flavor: Key Lime Pie. Come check it out before it's gone :). Owow
Bout to do work.
that's one way
I Need Some Pinky UH-O They Don't Call Me Problems 4 Nothin Hahaha.Its Problems Bitch.
excellent! I'd love so see him live! Shit, that was offensive, wasn't it?
Think I just missed the 71D not tryna walk a extra block for the P1
To quote you shouldn't "run into the wall, outfielder"
Stuck at school :(
yeah i'm sick, lol sick and tired of this weather. Its ruining my hunting.
just submitted my video, I really hope i did good this time, I really hope I've improved
I was Clara in the Nutcracker 2 years ago(:
This is twitter where we go live, hamm, whatever you wanna call it...point is stop protecting ya tweets assnutt!
#ClassActionForeclosureFraud Christopher Legal Group Nevada Nicholas A. Boylan CA FILED! Please RT High Priority
of course im tuning in :) waking up early just to watch it! x
Woke up feeling so sick :( and I have work in a few hours. Ugh!
Thinking about life
RT eats pussy with chicken
Give too much of yourself away and you will be all used up, not enough and there won't be anyone there to share this with.
I'm in hell. We're stuck on the runway in Minneapolis but can't get off the plane because we'd have to clear customs. In the meantime...
Not yet My Friend, not yet. RT I may be too old for this shit.....
Why?D:
(for you, not for her. Faking suicide is a horrible thing.)
Great birthday for son today. Had a REAL Jedi Master show up and give Jedi training to son and 10 of his friends. Awesome!
Even more amazing - #ATL beats Utah in 4OT on 3rd night of back-to-back-to-back.
My goal in life is to meet Oprah. I gotta make this happen...
Good stuff!
Never doubt a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change a nation; indeed, it's the only thing that ever has. -Margaret Mead
There is always time for chocolate!
Lol the reds announcer just sounded like the one from major league " that will be a double play" monotone voice
Big kudos 4 keeping us all updated with live tweets during meeting with congressman cummings
Feliz dia a la super mom for the first time!! Te quiero Andy! Enjoy-
I suppose. I just don't want it to be him! I just re-watched the Halloween episode. 2 more hours. I just want to know!
Peyton Manning gets the #Colts back on track last night. Can they still win the division?
Mouthgasm MT Pastrami Melt anyone? NY Pastrami, Munster Cheese, caramelized onions, spicy mustard, potato peppercorn bread
just waiting around for some DNS switcherooing. better hurry because im getting ready to leave.
Haha I got a third message from Twitter that says your following me. Can u say glitch? Have a good day!
everything is good this semester has been kicking my butt so no time for twitter
family friends who live in BR
I wish Haley had an iPhone.
Vernon D!
Share same risk profile, alignment of incentives, alignment of goals - key for any startup team.
a Mexican haha duhh lol <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B7> what's this guy
sometimes, getting water to make tea seems like too much effort.
I'm that cool guy everyone talks about
Old School~ Heidi Well do you want me to be honest or do you want me to tell you this is the first time
Through three quarters at Toyota Stadium, Georgetown leads Lindsey Wilson 49-20.
Get me out of this intolerable tedium
Thanks for the mention! DonaldDDiva
no wine? Oh noes! But yeah, that's a nasty red splotch on the radar.
omg. we need to set up a standing breakfast date.
We r upgrading our lights ...
Just got a prayer rug in the mail =)
Good morning pooter! You're looking dapper!
It's Electrik Emily with a "k" at the end, not a "c," 'cause I'm kool like that. :) Ha!
This is a 'must-do' RT : Mobile #Health @ Stanford -> May 4 & 5, 2011. Focus: What really works
we never talked. lol but u know how serra was. 08 stucc together sophomore year
#2011RemindedMe when you're young everything is possible.
so now your stache is literally a shadow of its former glory?
meet u on plane ride to green bay last year for Saints game hopefully see u this year for the game
oh, im sorry. /: I didnt mean to offend you. :(
They love messing with charles!! Haha
National Curry Week...no wonder #Chicago smells like shit today..
The best msg you can get from 13 yo brother is one that just has 17x 'ha's. A slight rib about the size our dads head? Worth it.
congrats on the badge ha
"Early detection is ammunition" Live to fight and fight to live"
What's up twitter
I swear Mrs love has absolutely no emotion expression for her face.
Cosmo cover story on the "boobgasm." I love Cosmo
An iPad! RT : Convinced Mom to buy her first laptop. Budget is 600. What PC should I get for her?
social media startup in sanfran hiring web designer: required: html/css, js & BS in CompSci, b/c nothing prepares designers like CompSci
I had no idea you were such a great singer! Wow! Really love your voice. Hope this finds you well.
proud of boyfriend is fantastic! cant wait for the album and s album cant wait OMG <3
Aced my midterm
yes everyone should heed this
Thanks! Trip home was safe, but totally caught
I was nervous before this game but was relieved when I found out when weren't playing Baylor's womens team.
watching jim irsay and peyton and crying quietly at my desk
it's all gucci
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>the beauty of it RT : You can never tell when a #Capricorn is serious or not. That's the trick.
I'll take that as a compliment, Marc!
(1) Things we ought to do (2) Things we’ve got to do (3) Things we like doing.
you better love what you got before you go and give it away
Super fun! We'll definitely have to organize another one soon.
what? if you don't have anything intelligent to say...
Vikings stadium debate going on right now in House. is a good follow to track it.
Sushi for lunch, sushi for dinner.
Hahahaha...yeah I am really not sure what I've gotten myself into with that!
Yes, lady. Please call your friend back and help your children find books.
I cannot believe Albert puljols is struggling goes to show how mentally tough baseball is
Finish your beer there are sober kids in India
you an put deposits in now! Refundable till may 15th gives you priority. Flights are tough; do them on your own is recommended
ew. gross. ya bum.
So damn goo
I miss when was still jimmy on degrassi those were the days degrassi 101 and degrassi the next generation
No Liberals No Democrats No Biden
ha! yea. what are the chances of that. monday flights from ATL to SFO on 1st daay of RSAC are always interesting.
“: Keep it real brother. #Anticipation is the business” thanks bro much love!
Naturalization papers: Filed! (well, lawyer fee paid... he'll file them tomorrow when the government is open for business.)
#BlackFriday shopping is so much fun! We're buying some insane speakers for some serious surround sound :)
Let's go to breakfast in the morning... IHOP my treat !!
Error by #DerekJeter?! What gives?
Selling weed isn't a job..it's a way to get quick $$$ but you can't support your family that way your whole life
awww, i'm still getting used to seeing you refer to her as "the wife." too cute! :)
cant wait till im 21
A daughter may outgrow your lap, but she will never outgrow your heart. -Unknown
How to make more money and gain personal satisfaction. Deliver something more than "fine". Deliver "Remarkable.". www.clickcom.com
"Corrina Corrina" is my kind of movie.... one of my favorites.
Sorry I've been gone for so long, I've had lots of things going on lately
Kidlawyer is wondering.... if money doesn't grow on trees, then why do banks have branches?
#dead RT : lmfao RT #MyPastRelationships are GONE. Only thing my ex can do for me now is give me head.
says give people an opportunity to connect with you via twitter. Very clear point. it's personal
But Anyways That Cirriculum Fair Was Packed Me N Kaysha Was Walkin Around Togetherr
Of course I'm still here. But we'll work on it. :)
Good old TRDEV-L - one of the first social leaning media.
Don't let them catch up guys !
RT #Libras turn heads when they enter a room, not just because of their good looks, but because of their commanding pr ...
Time for hockey!
I'll be doing that shit when I'm 40 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Is The Egyptian blu-ray any good?
Taking a week off from school as I come to terms with the fact I didn't win the #megamillions. Whole-heartedly believed I would win
Aye Shawty what's ya name? What's ya number .. u heard about my age.. Well FORGET that number.. ;D .
What's the best nickname for Thursday? Friday Eve? Post Hump? How about Thristday? Oh yeah! Come and get it!
Cooking channel : wonderful events for delicious and easy dishes. CHECK OUT Paula Deen
Think about not going to my MATLAB class tonight. I'm too excited for my vacation this weekend!
thanks for following!!
Thanks for the RT, David! I appreciate the support. Be well, Ryan Singleton.
when season 2 of alphas is airing?
RT : Congratulations to Stickan for being reelected as Chairman.
Looking for #flowers today? We have everything you desire on 70th & North Ave
Had a dream upon waking that combined Firefly, Zelda, Naruto Shippuden and Alien. Too much sci-fi for one dream? Never.
My day could be shitty, but just seeing you in the hall makes its all that much better and you don't even know.
back stateside after a great conference with COST A32/Interedition
Bob Redman of Scout reports that 2013 forward Chris Walker () will make a decision soon. UK is on his list.
At this damn store getting irritated cause these people moving slow as hell. Damn I'm ready to go home. Lol
yeah i guess thats true lol its still depressing though:P
Start makin a pot of that killer chili y'all! We cant get Hoss to stop yackin about it!
OH YES but it was tulsa i wouldnt expect ANY less right off pine and peoria
if only I could!! You know I would!
I am still behind on TSC When it was boring I stopped watching but now I need to catch up! I'm so upset it was cancelled!
aww how nice of u
NJ #Devils Goal!!!!!!! OT Magic in New Jersey! Lets go
haha! I <3 youu im playing vanessa and i have used the words hoes and fart lol
Looking for an excellent, lowcost Wifi repeater. Just bought the ASUS RT-N10+ for $29 and it rocks. Super simple setup too.
About to rock The Crack Fox in St Louis with Lincoln, NE band ... 16th show of the tour... 3 more to go!
FUN! were you there last year? I was!
We know a few #CBC12 attendees that have access to more. ;)
Fifty Sasha Greys
wow really? That's kinda super cool.
thanks girl!! you too hahhaa and i'm Morgan(:
My Swagger Is Just Out Standing...That's Why Niggas... #CantStandMe!!!
I think I'll work at the beach today. Where are you?
Brit's is far less stuffy -- a much better choice
Awwh My dads gunna get it #WEAK he's about to get beat
I got 1200 kicks them bitches straight from japan.
Whenever I fly to Wisconsin, I truly feel as if I'm home.
With all the politics... Who is your favorite presidential candidate of all time, who never won?
We just broke 200 likes on Facebook!! New music this weekend!
Also, looking back at some of my old tweets, I legitimately have nothing of substance to post to twitter. I suggest you unfollow me.
I'm not bragging on my PWs enough. They continue to own their league. Even in a lackluster effort, still came away with a 4-2 W.
city council is a public service. Refuse your salary and rid assistant positions! Saving city potentially millions!
did you guys change your pumpkin latte formula. I ordered one today - and it didn't taste like pumpkin at all
i can just screw around on amazon all day and never get bored
You need to STOP SMOKING! Try a nicotine LOLLIPOP! You won’t find them just anywhere – call Hieber’s at 412-681-6400
Beta. It's fantastic.
nothin, school. school. and school. u
you ain't kidding. I'm grateful to make it home tho...most important thing
Heroes mtg tonight in Capital Hill to start discussing our fundraiser this fall :)
A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom. Robert Frost
well it sure is a good thing I don't remember that then huh? Lol
#TomFord have i told you lately how awesome you are and how much i LOVE your line of colognes?! WELL, I DO!
I am reading " The Hour I First Brlieved" by Wally Lamb. So far it's good. What are you reading?
good one! Hope ur enjoying time with the grand kids!
Join us this Saturday at State Fair Park for Walk Now for Autism Speaks!!! $5 of every $20 Milwaukee Card sold will go directly to the cause
"Harry has curly hair because he eats too many carrots."
Focuses more on stretches and lifting, but customizes programs for your needs
I'm down with all 3 of those things!
Randy Johnson?
I knew you were a bot!
Moose Crossing we have made it beauty hotel
you see I had these days of the week underpants, and I thought they were funny. but he was suspicious, 'where is sunday?'
Bad bitches like me are hard to come by.
's looking very COOL
Only 2 mins until this god forsaken Spurs vs the young Jazz series is over and we are all out of our NBA Playoff misery...
Just gave testimony in support of AB 1568 (Hernandez): " believes all forms of discrimination should be eliminated." Passed.
"I watched people leave and then come right back, I never wanted any part of that."
I just DMed u..
Getting some of the stuff packed away and calling other Petsmarts :O
RT : Anyone tell me how tweet about daughter is NOT racist? Didn't think so.
truly enjoyable conversation. Looking forward to next opportunity / next steps.
Take a few shots let it burn In your chest! Partying like its the last hurrah with my classmates!
i just tasted marker not good
I'd go but I'm playing me dear ;)
“There's a sucker born every minute” -P.T. Barnum
Just want to say, I love the President for a lot of reasons, among them his intellect and aim.
'Turn To You' made me cry.
Got followed around in the mall by two dudes to ask if i have any weed
Reminder: It is important to find companies that stand behind their reports. Best not to have them state otherwise when the time matters
RT Pierce been clutch from the cradle...>
Player safety is #1 priority in NFL. Concussions, cracking down on bounty program and...increasing to 18 game schedule.
Ryan is obsessed with thrones. Asked me to start calling him Lord Ryan.
Enjoying beers @ the Thirsty Whale Tavern in Bar Harbor, ME
No! you said want! don't go switching it up missy.
The 2011 Big Book of Colorado Tennis has arrived! If you can't wait for it to appear in your mailbox, find it at your local club or courts.
Not bein rude but I wish my old hoes would stop textin my fuckin phone
I need food, and Advil and coffee. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A><U+2615>
A new chapter started in my life today, time to edit out useless characters.
#FlopCity in a 7th playoff game!
If you haven't checked it out before, you'll have to stop in at Renaissance Books in the main terminal. Great rare bookstore
Wow! Just ran through our list of 53 libraries -- 45 of them have Facebook pages!!
RT : Stock our 10,000th library with children's books. Each RT gives the library 1 book thanks to generous donor.
Itz a select few i actually care about now
"If you quit, somebody else gets to live your dream!"
why thank you, Mr. David!!!
Got a high tolerance when your age don't exist.
Follow vision, mission, not just money (the $$ will come). Kernels of engagement.
You're welcome <3
The purpose of a brand is to personalize. -Major Hood of The Salvation Army.
sucks to suck and . Akhil doesn't even give you a shoutout
People use the word anorexia like its a joke. Its not. Its reality & has bacome the definition of my family & its not easy.
Congratulations to the Japan women's soccer team on winning the World Cup. Proud of the US team - they played well and had their chances.
I just wanna scream...
Woke up to a foggy morning but the sun has burned through for a beauitful morning.
YES!!! Like there is that school a park then my school :D
So, we're back to being a Centre & big Left Wing short.
I've got a six pack & spontaneous bouts of sobbing
Ashton Kutcher is pulling a (bearded and acapella singing in front of a large audience without prompting).
Second photoshoot of the day
Everybody be sure to check out our brand new bandcamp page to stream all our stuff! www.fastcar.bandcamp.com
How with all My accounts ot twitter.??? I Also co edite Please follow me.!
of course its meek mill
I got yu bruh. Type in TankSWP on datpiff. And let me kno wat u think. If yu fucks wit it we can do some work together
Just checking in....did everyone have a good Mother's Day?
feeling miserable.
We also re did some of Hottest Gay Places Pennsylvania visit www.hottestgayplacespa.com to see them
Thanks sir. The one I'm most confident in is my older daughter's game. They've got a strong team.
Happy birthday to , 2k12 prodigy
I hate school
Wassup motherfucka where my money at
#SNCA12 poster is at the printer and will be ready tomorrow!! Shout outs to for the title & for the design work!
Told u girl I aint who I used to b, you can trust me. First day is rocky but smooth, welp 29 more days
Glad to hear. What you going to be doing in city?
I have no party agenda.I am free thinking. I do not have comrades that I chant lies with. We are very different.ur confused
understand why a normal paper length should be abt 20 pages. I tend to lose interest when they exceed 30. I tend to write more though:-p
I'm watching #OldSchool on TBS now lol...I love this movie
Surprised to hear Quinn since they played it at Bethel
running circles around and his grating pseudo-journalism all day
workout :P
Getting my hair cut at The Studio in Ohio City.
#scms12 need to get grads learning how to manage projects to prepare for alt careers
watched florence + the machine on SNL. something weird about her. she's got a great voice-even live, but her performance looks inauthentic
We wish everyone a wonderful Friday and a Happy New Year!
For not having a job, I'm waking up WAY to early! 6:30 day, w/o an alarm - rested, stress free, bored by 10am ;)
Who had a worse off-season, the saint or the dolphins?
Not to be mean or anything but I LOVE YOU! HAHAHAHAHA IM FUNNY jkjk(: PLEASE NOTICE ME(:
Hey! Where are the black people on #Portlandia?
Thanks for the shout – I appreciate the support.
We are also strongly considering getting off our butts to work this Sunday after graduation ceremonies...stay tuned!
"I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific."
Awesome. RT : iron sheik the kobe and the pau gasol the nikolai volkoff?
Our commitment has been to provide our customers with unparalleled quality low cost service.Auto Glass Experts 414-409-7263
We took pics at school 2day.I wonder hws my picture
It makes my day when one song can describe exactly how I'm feeling.
Thanks for the RT. Thanks for helping spread the word.
Cats have over 100 vocal sounds; dogs only have 10.
Got to see and touch the biebster himself and the classy UK boys !!! Fun day in LA, time for Roscoes!
Actually lost musical interest in Mariah post-#1s. Nothing she did, really... just my musical tastes changed.
Hey guys its i hit my tweet limit!! :O lets keep trying to trend #HU4L <3 <3
You're en fuego. Exactly right.
Baklava makes me so happy! Favorite dessert EVER.
#CNNHeroes good luck. I love you all...amazing isnt even the word.
what's nel's twitter handle? Thank god pujohls hit into a db!
She is beautiful! Congratulations!
write night with .
whatcha going to see?
check you out!!
MT to find out more about the #MakerFaire coming in August. #MMFEvanston -- tweet your interest 2 - for planning
You're underselling him, man. He has an incredible jump shot [for a politician], and he smokes.
I mean, all the kids think I'm funny, and I don't wanna be. I wanna be normal, I wanna start to try me, a whole person...CARRIE WHITE
wat time u getting there sir? im inviting my people
i see you bro
No one but Ron Paul can bring in that many at a rally.
Idk why but the part behind my right knee hurts :/
Thank you. I am so excited to begin the next phase of my life. :)
BLOODY KISSES FROM POISON LIPS. LEAVE LOVERS DEAD IN DITCHES.
going to sleep to The Doors. nobody will ever be able to fill the shoes of Jim Morrison. amazing man and musician.
the comments on that one are great too (great quotes!)
The static seen on old anaolg TV's is residual radiation from the Big Bang
Nice play by iggy!
Being noticed by is all I'm asking for. (: Amen.
Wow! this is awesome! we're now over 1000 followers! thank you everyone! Show us to you friends!
#TasteofHillcrest is happening until 4pm today!
Janis is giving me a halibut fishing trip in Homer for my birthday in June. I'm gonna catch a hundred pound flat fish....
lol that phone dead im bout to dm you my other number
"The grass ain't greener, the wine ain't sweeter either side of the hill"
Whats the deal over there?
YUM - How are they?
Welp, just got done working a day that started at 9 am on Thursday. I'll be back in the audit war zone in less than 4 hrs. Good grief.
I like that photo of you in the Johnny Cash tie. Was that taken by a professional?
It's the giant fog spiders that have me worried.
Vintage Tiger.
ZooFit is going to turn rapid fat loss into reality for everyone that's ready!
thanks for following Evelin!
Now that I have a moment to breathe after the semester, I can concentrate on the hardest thing I've done in months -- clean my apartment
Thanks for following! We help fund startups/co's that are premature for the banks. I checked out your blog, great articles!
Was at the game.. left after ax blew it..
just grinding ....
and you be!
I have had so much on my mind.
Needed: 8 pg comedy shorts to shoot in 1 day. Produced for funny of die/comedy central. Please send scripts/q's to:
think neimi will find a job?? Where do u think he'll end up?
You can lead a boy to college but you can't make him think.
2NIGHT'S SHOW IS GONNA BE SEXY! #8PM Come see , , , , , and more! $2 beers!
Wait, does he know the topic???
#Brewers game tonight with the RD crew!
need a hot new dress for your next photoshoot? Check us out we cater to the #beautiful and
will it be televised??? if so what chanel and dot sweat it you god playboy
The last #VVS11 happened in Salem MA 300 years ago. Back to the future?
now that is a nice view!
Josh Hamiltons home run last night was 12 rows short of the Ted Williams red seat?
Meditation is best with empty pockets.
Some of the best nights of my life have been on Tuesday!
Don't expect me to hit you up .. Cause it most likely won't happen.
The act of being thankful is a conscious choice...
My friendgirl brUng breakfast in this morning &said 'Happy Anniversary' ..my tru friends are thee best, far&in between, greatly appreciated!
thats for sure bro its finaly coming together , and yes knee bullshit not good
You are my new role model
can't wait to see you either!!
Lala Bear! :( Sucks when u get use to talkin to some one and then one day there out of ur life aaj :( y
“: good morning another day to move closer to your dreams”.... Dreamchaser
i completely agree, but theres one thing. a grown man that said this. GROWN. 30 somethin.
And yet again she tweeted indolent neglect
...is not a white cis straight guy...I'm a mostly-lesbian, bi-curious transwoman. (I am white, but not goofy about it or anything.)
Just got out of work and am so bummed I missed the party was at! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0> I guess it's jammies and catching up on Glee for me tonight!
of course!! :D
man we gettin ready for this anniversary in August. Celebrating LA HIP HOP also might need a tow
weird how so?
The Raven was amazing. I was not disappointed whatsoever. Best freaking ending.
trying to see this new video!!
avenue with my gf
True. But it definitely helps.
Good answer, my beautiful court reporting student niece! (I'm watching you.) Moderation!!! Good girl!
Looks like a beautiful weekend. Stop in for a glass of wine down by Lake Cabernet or join some friends on the patio for wine and cheese.
there's gotta be more than that, right? For as many jersey cards as are produced of players from every era of baseball?
Lesson learned: have full charge on computer before going to wifi coffee shop
send us yer address.....
cheers, thanks!
do YEAH! By usher ,lil John and ludacris!!!
i mean big 20 lol sorry man.....
Writing about how physician preference for medical-surgical products can drive up or lower health care costs. Goal: high quality cost.
Hey do you know exactly how the yelp filter works? I have a lot of reviews filtered for our clients.
Tired of that "no man's land" type of place where you never hear from anyone. I like the concept of "controlling" your job search
we should invent our own little facebook...
one of the best feelings in the world is listening to something that didnt exist before you created it MUSIC IS LIFE!!
hello MY TWEETERS!!!!!! HOPE ALL GOOD. happy 4th to all of you.!
Almost just got in an accident leaving breaks parking lot....
Good friends? 1. Help you move. 2. Loan you money. 3. Give you a job if they are the boss. 4. Give you a hand when you are down, not a kick
Love muffins breads and cakes ? Swap out the flour and sugar , and add applesauce & oatmeal . It's a-mazing
*singing* gangstaaas make the world go round
Wrapped on a shoot where a CAT was in my presence...I'm beginning to wonder if I'm not allergic after all? Or just wishful thinking...Hmm.
Today was that day when I tried and say something and everything thing would just come out wrong
Strange watery April rains.
even if you like write it down and give it to the 15 year old, please(: is he cute?
People burn me but I still stay nice to them.
I hate when people act better than everyone. God created everyone EQUALLY!
"Some people will tell you you can't,all you gotta do it say,watch me" -Justin Bieber
I gotta clean my room but it's to damn hot in there.
God's ways are not our ways they are not to be figured out; only trusted
motherf*** trip trip sell him on a trip trip dats da kind of dude i was lookin for and yess you'l get slapped
Playing a building contractors convention, gonna open with my Lionel Ritchie Parody Stucco You. Is this thing on?!? Hello!
Rule #1 drunk texting the bands you book... is completely ok if their peen is smaller than yours
perfect your weapon is a leek instead of a sword
For the Green Developers- APIs for the Environment greendrea.ms
lol. ya. i know.
Rude bitches.
Just found the neatest app called color uncovered that shows great connections between science and art. It's free! :)
It looked that way. Our D played amazing. Seeing how hard they play makes me happy we didn't trade them for Rick Nash.
Yep, see you at 6:30
Mission Valley Farmers Market - Every Friday Rain or Shine 3:00pm -7:00pm -Westfield Mission Valley Mall near Target on Mission Center Rd.
“: Pk drama >>” Drama >> ..as long as I'm NOT affiliated with it in any way
Massage increases your circulation which, in turn, drains tissues of excess fluid caused by recent injury, surgery, or pregnancy.
whatever. Haha& thank ya.
All I have to do is coast these last few days of school
I was WONDERING when you were gonna get that thing finished...
The Hult Center, a cultural cornerstone of the community, opened its doors to the internationally acclaimed Shen Yun Performing Arts.
Get $25 Off on $100 Purchase of Transforming Skin Care at Murad ...
thanks for the love
You Unfollowed me ?
Had fun talking with Chris & on about Derby Day Fundraiser this Sat at !!
bout to get something to eat hungry as H*** what to eat what to eat????? lol
Lol all of a sudden I'm a fan of the song 'Birthday Cake' cake cake cake cake cake LOL
Fresh off work.. bouta pass out
No tickets to give away now. I'm going.
RT : Awkward life w/ "
I GET HIGH ALL DAY AT WORK UP HERE IN BOULDER CO. #420 THIS HITS FOR U GUYS MUCH LOVE Y'ALL NEED SOME WATER BOTTLES LET ME KNO.
all good! wassup?
ok thanks & yes it is for my bday. I want cake cake cake.
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING.. I FOLLOWED BACK.
We love the sunshine!! University Village is offering Happy Hour drinks all day long today!
Yeah. No excuse for it, but I feel a little less heartsick than I would've if you had answered differently. Still gross tho.
damn i guess he text you too lol :D Oh shit that was her man too O.o
I was staring at during my workout drooling.
Just wrapped the first half of an awesome film "The Garden"
I wake up and smile everyday because of you I love you babe
Roll Up <U+270C>
Hahaha brilliant!! RT: : Tweet from Alzner March 10th : Me vs Lucic obviously I would come out on top....haha
Former Agenda Director Marty Stein introduces CM Clutterbuck.
wow! Thanks! I really appreciate it
Fear stimulates our imaginations
Tuned in, tapped in & turned on today!! Happy Friday all!!
HEALTHCARE-2008 Heart Transplant $780K You have $150K another insured has $1M in coverage. Who gets the heart? www.theprofittrap.com
so glad you're finally going on vacation!
And this year they didn't play in the NHSI because of the China trip. How long were they bak from China b4 the tny began?
No. He's a HOF. Maybe Kurt won't make the hall.
I sent 5 letters today and have two more mostly written.
you haven't slept alone in prolly 4 months get outta here lol
o I wonder what his position is going to do with his business sales? People always boycotting something!
Tell Congress you will not vote for any member of Congress, a President, or a Pres Candidate who supports #HR3166, #NDAA, #SOPA, or
put it next to the tree and sent my grandma a message on fb with a pic of it next to the tree lol surprise!
Deep breaths and Van Morrison. This morning’s attempt at finding peace and calm.
I have a taste for fried pickles right now!!!
Just found out I'm a Runner Up in the 2009 We Are Listening Singer/Songwriter Awards, a British song contest. They especially liked "Plans".
ur hair looks darker did u dye ur hair
Logging Off Twitter But Gonna Stay Up, #Goodnight <3
Some people have a way with words others erm.....thingy.......
#LA is a small world! Ran into at Warner Bros studios!!
What do you need to know about the show?
#NP Beautiful lie c':
maybe that's why I got yelled at.
love you too <333
Yo bruh, I got my license, Ima be whipping ! haha we In there.
Tomorrow morning Bryan Putnam, Kenneth Gartman & Rosena Hill are being interviewed by BroadwayBullet.com for an upcoming podcast.
Chillin wit some Beethoven! 'Pandora'
Watching Gangland and this NY Crip has an American Eagle hoodie on.. Oh yeah you're so gangsta dude!!
Reflections on #learning2...?
Won't make a fool out of you.
exactly except they taxed my ass last year, I tried to turn my clothes in n they said we'll contact u, nope got charged $120
Looking for Hoosiers with online-focused sales and marketing experience for part-time jobs.
Voodoo doughnuts? Are they a real thing?
Making 2 children carry ur luggage tog is a cute but inefficient way 2 travel lady
I want to try ear candling. Anyone have a person they recommend?
Wanna live the THUG LIFE? Try out as an extra for #Batman, code named #MagnusRex this weekend! tinyurl.com/6xmue9d
Things are quite well. Finishing up my busy season and working on investments.
Watching mall rats and cleaning
Happy Thanksgiving :)
Thanks for the RT, Joe. Didya get your backpack back? :)
Just another #manicmondayyyy. I wish it were Sunday-
got it! See you soon! Let us know how it is :)
Wally West well written. #youngjustice nice nod to Count Vertigo continuity from GA short. Queen of Vlatava FTW!
haha! One of those nights!?
we have food..
RT : Such an honor to share a stage with , , Jacqueline West, & Adam Gurwitz-great writers, funny people.
Me too! And my students!
on the way to manila.
lol, nice try. its homemade from scratch. I think I'll be keeping it here!!
hope it's ok to use this one.
Does that mean you are expecting? I want to travel for an extended trip in my RV and take pictures
Why oh why is the 2nd draft so much harder than the 1st?
Strong smart helping and cupid:)
My heart beats just like a cherry soda, in the summer.
Gotta watch them Spurs, their under the radar
Assuming you'll be on the grad stage Sunday, I'd play next Mon/Tues after work. Gotta get to Winona too, boys.
Ah I so can't wait there is only 20 more days of school for me then summer vacation :))
Happy Birthday Jesus! Thank you for everything you did for us and for everything you continue to bless us with! <U+2665> Merry Christmas
I'm at a meeting and Miss Piggy just served me coffee. Kermit may get jealous.
There is a grown man throwing a hissy fit because his seat number changed. It must be the end of the world.
I just fell off a crew ship. Took a hard, violent fall. Kinda pinballed down. Hit a lot of railings. Broke a lotta shit
Get comfortable stepping out your comfort zone.
Just added one of my personal favorites (that's Chicken & Waffles) to /indyrestaurants Any others to add?
!!!!!!!!!!!!! This means you will get to party with both Kraft sisters. Congratulations!
AMAZING MUSIC=#FlightsToAtlanta=MIND BLOWN #swag Im just sayin you could do better<21
Kiss me hard before you go.
I hate my life but when I watch u just make me like ur video and sub it
According to , I'm not eating enough calories in the day. Maybe that's why I lost 10lbs. I need to eat more.
So Best Boy Budd sez still owes him money from back in the day. Best Boy Budd may be delusional.
SOME DOUCHE STOLE MY PHONE AT CHEER PRACTICE SKHDKLSJAKLD
you goofy Tammy...hahaha!!! some things will never change, huh? Lol!!
Nice wide zone tonight.
Looks like I'll be in this hospital for the rest of the night!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> ugh
You thought you were there to guide me, you were only in my way.
Im stunting I do care.
lonely and confused.. as usual.
#missing is quite interesting...
Thank you for your astute quotes and observations in the NYT piece
some people think it's funny to beat up smaller and weaker kids, some people don't think it's funny. #MittRomney thinks it's funny.
GodsGirl8494 no need to be hatin on the amazing cuz you know she is damn right... Sorry love, funs over.
so sad I'm gonna miss. Tell terreculas what's up
Bur.....7 degrees in Canaan Valley tonight!
A mind once stretched by a new idea never regains its original dimensions. - Anonymous
I beez in her cat !!!
Haven't been there in a while... too dark during the winter. But that spot does have good sammiches.
Of course it could be just about anything she likes or what have you. Does she want to fly with Harry Potter, for example? Done!
hm what to do?
Brain damage,the plugs went too deep....
#Badgers going for the title today. Go get 'em fellas RT : National anthem, complete. Final day of #B1GTF ready to roll.
Thanks for the follow loves. Make sure to follow my boss as gear up for his first single on the radio out in June xx
Rick Perry's most prized possession: A Confederate flag signed by the cast of "The Dukes of Hazzard."
is your best friend ? c:
IM STRAIGHT.!!!
Great practice!! Ready for tomorrow
#YouKnowYouRetchetWhen you have a comb in your Afro.
I would hope so yay i'm glad grant said ok you always say he's not an animal person..looks like Teddy good luck
I'm not your bro... I'm your sis... BOO YA!
yesyes!!! Let's go this week for realzy. Wed or thurs day time? I work at 5 & 4 so anytime before that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0086>
*after hitting one ball in after 20 attempts* now I'm on a roll right now
I'm guessing that the dog wants me to get off the computer to take him outside. Because he has squeezed between the laptop & me.
Mad Men and a manhattan!
am i under arrest?
basically, even though it's free, I hate everything about it so much that I will never, ever use it.
I don't know if I can handle it- handle so much pain
#meandyoucantdate because you seem to have a drinking problem.
hell yea I got a cpl tats on da agenda!ha
Brunch underway!
I have too much Easter candy and I'm complaining about it.
Dupuis extends his points streak to a league-high 17 games.
To see the flecks in the exposed cardboard Lady with a Dog is painted on... you don't get that in an art history book. Sigh. Thanks
Forget Black Friday or Super Bowl Sunday, the real party is for Super Tuesday.
We have a large selection of local products with FRESH SUSHI DAILY!!
Still figuring that all out Tina, just finished finals Friday. Graduation is May 12th. Been a crazy ride... so much going on
I don't think a relationship is qualified as long distance unless it takes more than 6 hrs of driving. It's a short road trip.
just got the iphone4
Oh god thats like Chris sans tattoos. I need to be at work by 945 am so let my know early
“My mind is a neighborhood I try not to go into alone.” <U+2015> Anne Lamott
have a good night peeps
Catching up on the people's court. Slept so great last night was exhausted from the gym!
#WhitneyHouston and #StacyFrancis had an altercation over #RayJ days ago #MSNBC Reports!!
Petrick showing her use of google maps kml to capture and render bakery data with geo-rectifed map collection.
Off to Dimples with Laura! The rest of you who are cooler should head to Industry!!! Call OPP!
": "Nothing is as fatiguing as the eternal, hanging on of an uncompleted task." William James" - this is so true...
im pretty sure i was talking about you.. But okaay
Yup, that and it makes you...intriguing
This is crazy Trapped In The Closet all the parts is on YouTube. This ain't my first time seeing it, I just didn't see in a long time.
#findUW next badger to find me at clue 3 will get a free copy of their transcript. Hurry hurry!!!!
I need a take a shot OFF OF her!!!!
RT : RT : So how exactly does same-sex marriage diminish "traditional" marriage?
You look great!! Ignore the haters - you JUST had a baby. Welcome to the new mommy club!
thanks bro the players got there money now lets get ours
Somebody's got to knock this turd Jason off Jeopardy today
My phone is back on
I think we might need to have an intervention. Your jealousy is really unbecoming.
When I hurt myself is always there. Brought me ice when I twisted my ankles. Took ice out of a drink for my cig burn <U+E32A>
RT in 20 minutes I'm on it • better!
making some oatmeal. yum
Profits fall at LAN Airlines
season premmy this sunday we should live tweet it!!!
Yes, we're all tired of talking about But from the level of vitriol I've been seeing certain things still need to be said.
thank you :)
Thanks, John, for the mention! It's a great way to end the day.
RIP Bill "Moose" Skowron
good call!
Dam my back hurts:(
Everybody wanna be a nigga but not to many people want the problems that come with the label...
Spoke to a lot of people today & their #1 concern really surprised me: lack of bike parking & b/c they can't lock securely. So they drive.
- I'd have to say that Chang from your Customer Finance Dept. was one of the nicest people I've ever dealt with on the phone.
hey loser when u get this call me I miss ur face lol
NOVACK finally!!! Way to smarten up #NYKNICKS Start bombin Treys!!!
get it girl!
Trivia night at Edison's yo!
Training new mentors today . Going to be a good day...
#MUSIC session give autistic children opportunity to express themselves
Yes, please!
It's a kind of morning. You should blot coffee carpet stains & apparently REI now makes my aviator winter hat in plum...
Watching Camelot on BBC 2, drinking a nice cup of tea and writing a blog about Tyler Perry
Boehner SO excited bout visit by Crown Prince of Bahrain..keeps asking if the Prince is bringing a crown and if so, can he try it on...
Thanks for the follow, Mackenzie.
Chillin here at the house, thinkin bout what to eat. Any ideas???
had a nice time with at the mall (:
#MAJORPRODUCTIONS GREAT QUALITY PRODUCTION @ INSANE LOW PRICES NEED SAMPLES DM ME YA EMAIL
Bart Wacek (Elsevier) on the Article of the Future
why is that ?
RT Man made orphanages for orphans, God made families for orphans. Johnny Carr
: How to grow in the #restaurant biz: teach well, communicate your vision, inspire your staff.
RT Art is the signature of civilizations. ~ Beverly Sills
someone text me...
i no but u in front n going backstage. Rite now i would die to get that. My mom been tryin to get vip since yesterday 10am
The game starts in an hour, get here now for a $2 hot dog'
teach me how to use this thing. slash COME OVER AND WATCH NJ HOUSEWIVES WITH ME. it'll be great. i'll bake you cookies. (lies)
Corn hole tournament by the pool. Pierce and Ryan are going down. #inittowinit <U+2606>
No work or No bbyreggie 2mar So I'm gon have the whole day to Myself
Peculiar, soul-sucking, mind-numbing, ambition-killing EVIL!
thanks Kevin. “: - good luck with finals this week; love the beach ball picture you sent”
from Portland, OR/ from the link you tweeted.
"Life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes of playing a poor hand well." - Robert Louis Stevenson.
Better late than never...Workout time! Bout to get it in...kisses!
LAST DAY TO REGISTER FOR THE MOST MOUSTACHIEST CHARITY EVENT EVER!!! movemberbaltimore.com !!!
Thanks for your support, Jonathan!
Glad to see Lugar out after 36 years!
I dont need a date 2 have a gud Time ...i am the party ...so guess it's party time..
#RyanTannehill a bust browns betta not draft him
Thank You! I must say this is one of the most beautiful and comprehensive museums I have ever been too! Rivals the Miro Museum
are you keeping tabs on the Seattle PI? Expected to announce the publication of their final issue sometime this week....
": I know u can't see but this truck has LSU tags on the front! On it's way to Auburn to furnish another trailer.
What a fabulous weekend so far filled with amazing #friends & #family.....#life is good!! :) So
Yea man!
Our groundbreaking for the #detroit store is in 2 weeks! Come on may 14 to the corner of John R and Mack at 945a
New Twitter Picture
Looking for some inspiration and motivation? You’ll find it in the Inspired Women Succeed book and guess what? I’m a contributing author...
Tweeting aloud. My son, in an argument with me: "I apologize, Mom." (pause) "Hashtag sarcasm." (In case I couldn't read the rolling eyes?)
Trust me, when you look and feel good about yourself, you don't worry about anyone else
just killed my good mood . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Tim Phillips is a total genius!!!!
Glerrrrg. Merumph. Blerught. Arrrouuuuuuuuuuuuu!!! Sleepy rabbits are sleepy. Also cranky. And caffeine deprived. *yawns WIDELY*
lovely hair llc
I hate apartments!!!
i know i began to cry
Str8LykeDes... It's always some with des truck...
King Rex is on Twitter now!!! Give him his S/O
Join my Roadtosturgis facebook page or be friends with me on facebook. Alystar McKenneh!!
I would love to ask you a questions about a product we are developing
I don't know if I'm good enough to give tips! But id love to check them out=] and youre the awesome one good sir
I want me a mexican
CAN'T WAIT FOR TONIGHT!!!!
hearing suicide...
I will now use the power of social media and the internet to expose these LIARS, CHEATS, AND THIEVES. Let's all MAKE them honest!!!
Finals are coming to end, hope everyone has a great summer! Can't wait to get back to work in the fall...
Did you get an early preview?
we officially launched 1 wk ago and our user base has grown 10% day over day.As of now some places are more active than others
Haha not true! RT: She called me a Dog & I had to tell her that All Dogs Go To Heaven
If ur personalized license plate says Femme Fatale, I kind of feel like u shouldn't be driving a 4-door, silver Hyundai Sonata.
Oh when the sun comes up, when the sun comes up.
X-rays..... Damn left knee
two more classes, then going to see my sisters
I read up to mentally ill. that I am. as are you.
In terms of casting, Harry Potter did it better.
Seeking-motivated Legal Assistant with Personal Injury exp for our client that values a strong GPA. Great place to work! Call 881-3449
Jeremy Renner Get's Me <333
Up gettin ready to go to Church. JAH BLESSINGS!
I heard was formed when Zeus had relations with a giant dragon and the sound that it made is the basis for their sound.
Really quiet...Any news about coaching??..or Semin??..lol..
is a great way to get recommendations for apps from people you know and trust. Plus, the founders are cool dudes.
We have a switch trans/cis guy scene. Check for trans topping cis though.
sparklyrebel98 can you please say hi to her she is driving me nuts
Any food trucks out there want to try Uncle Jim's Pepper Mustard? Let me know, we'll get ya some free samples!
great only a few tweets from me? gotta get some!
You are the worst wack packer EVER. I'm glad you're not getting paid & Erik is going to be ten times the block party host.
Director Gap LoBiondo, SJ attended #bigmiracle screening for the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors last night in DC with
Thx for the live tweeting :) Re: the inclusivity bit, my main pt was, in order to have inclusive covrg, you need diverse staff
My mom is out getting medicine and dinner ( we are having chinese food) YAY!!!
Last day to score LEVELS OF DECEPTION for $1.50 at #Smashwords --formats for all ereaders!
But now you need to ask for budget or permission or both to cover your social media implementation plans
Lost the guys to Diablo I.
#Tupac and #jayz is all I need for a 2 mile jog
Interested in discussing PR options. We're at the event too. Come find us at some point ?
S/o to that girl with that #unique name lol
dear bed, i'll be back after school. then we can pick up where we left off, catching Z's with butterfly nets -Kodi
I have my dignity, my instincts on point and a handful of change. NFL...I bid u adieu! G'night Everybody!!!
you piss me off.
my mom just hurt my feelings :(
Who's down for the hot tub???
BTW love the new photo of you with you hair styled differently. I thought you looked lovley.
Was my iPad made by 12 yo in china? great story recapping Foxconn issue
Men love a woman who is a little bit #crazy lol
Writing next skit. Stay tuned for audition date, time and location.
No need to worry about going out during finals because I won't be hungover, ill be drinking
Can it be true? Hearing NY #Jets 4th RD for Tebow...I like the move. Welcome TIMMY!!!
Stop by and check us out on Twitter, or !!!!! ;}
that was a tricky one lol
be quiet you whale penis haha (:
I will graduate from ETSU debt free. Most of my classmates are not so lucky. They need help with educational debt!
The only thing hotter than politics in DC is Jazz. Poncho Sanchez put on one helluva show at the Warne tonight
Why I want the Beavers in Portland: so I can take MAX to the game w/o planning and watch free after the 7th if I happen to be downtown. You?
Haha I figured...but I'll get you one if you get me one!!
my real twitter page!!!!!!! twitter.com/youngeighty
happy birthday!! can't wait to have lunch with you later :)
whats the occasion
You lift my feet off the ground. You spin me around. You make me crazier, crazier <3
#anchorsplash was such a blast yesterday! Great job for putting on such a successful event. Feeling proud to be a !
miss it
Forgot about Gooch since he got injured so early. Danny Szetela hardly counts, he couldn't make it in MLS by the time he was 23.
This is a big step for America. Baby steps towards actual equality, but steps in the right direction. Cheers!
it doesn't even mention a birdy...I was mad.
I will be at Cabinet Style Studio today from 9 - 12 discussing how to start and budget a new project. Stop by 5945 N. Milwaukee, Chicago.
I was going to go walk up to Heritage w/ my dog, but I'm so damn lazy. I hate walking. Lol.
Yea it's pouring here too
got an audition on monday for a pool commercial...hopefully i can bring my A game and there lookin for a guy completely covered in tattoos
*cough* WHORE! *cough*
AUSTIN, YOUR SONG IS AMAZING!
I wanna go to Kings Island just to go to the new water park
Good Day & Good Night!!!!
i freakin hate the devils
Im getting hooked on this twitter stuff lol
Yes, you can call ArrayFire C++ DLLs in MS Excel!
RT: Music is like my drug.
Ominous Thomas - a fer-sure winner at Del Mar!
Crisis management is not about being right. It's about damage control.
Me. I prank call a random Nimble Jack every week.
Thesis has been handed in. Life is complete.
We were in Miami Beach for a long weekend. Because a trip to Chicago in Jan. fell through, oddly enough!
There's this thing called sleep, or so we hear ;)
RT Wearing a #Macworld badge helps - muggers prefer sign that says "I Have Thin Bones and Carry $4k in Fenceable Stuff."
Great to be a struggling NFL player in age of twitter. When you're cut from team, the word really does go out.
"Wow... I have a boyfriend."
Question from audience "ga ga click ga"
S/O to for always being here when I needed her! She also needs to text me cause I haven't talked to her since forever!
Oh, your band covered an Adele song and ruined it? Tell me something I haven't heard before.
when did go to Kosovo?
Nice. You better watch out, that might become his new favorite piece of clothing.
Pls fund the Library Services & Technology Act at $184.7M & Innovative Approaches to Literacy Act at $28.6M
only u you change format, Bob. Right, ?
Get on your knee and pray
agreed but as was pointed out that's a game run for and by elites there is no benefit for middle class
lol I'm joking!!
If you have any accidents with your car, trust Car Crafters to fix it right and quickly, so you can brave more interesting weather.
ahh um depends on time. Lunch plans and haircut at 5.
Good suggestion. That and academia.edu.
When a woman says "what?" its not because she didnt hear you. Shes giving you a chance to change what you said.
I got my days mixed up
'Tis Friday...JOY!
Tyler better answer his phone and give me my shoes..
#ecornell - is all of this pre-employment assessment a good ROI?
I didn't win elections for HOSA secretary but that's not going to stop me from being involved in everything! Shoutout to ...
Thanks for your insights!
Surplus of door-to-door evangelists on Capitol Hill. Let me know if your neighborhood needs some. I think we could spare an Adventist.
birthday gifts for myself haha clothes and a new hookah
DUSS getting ask pounded!!!!
No, its all machine! RT oh wow britney spears
Thanks for the mention.
Less than 48 hours after it was created it reached the 25K mark.
Made my own coffee for the first time ever.
I really hate when people ask me about my ethnicity like shut the fuck up if you want to argue with me.
I love her puppy!!!! so cute
- Monster Truck show at Lazy E Arena, January 7th & 8th! Come out and see a great show! For more information visit lazye.com
yea yea
I think you're sweet all the time <U+E056>
in first and last place. All to himself in both
I JUST USED THE EXACT SAME LINE TO JUSTIFY THE PRICE TO MYSELF! HAHA You're awesome!
Stuck on the subway... Awesome!
are you talking about the guy this weekend? Bridges? I was talking about a protester arrested today--the jerkstore shoved me.
It's so hard to find a restaurant in DC with awesome food and atmosphere, that isn't snooty and overpriced. Need recommendations.
if UCONN wins today u think that could jump them up to 7 seed
Oh gosh I think I'm gonna be crying my eyes out at the class of 2012's graduation.
Attending Social media workshop at #hsjSEA in Seattle presented by Send us favorite ways you #engage your #audience!
Gonna beast the hell out of KOC2 today. 90s puro all day son.
Dear twitter u ned to not have a limit on how much we type scincerly users of twitter :-P
Chillin' downtown at the TEN...DD for the night! :D
#ITHURTS when your not wanted
It's always great to wake up and bike across Minneapolis to get your car out of the impound lot. Fuck.
I go to sleep and appreciate the life that I have... I go wake up and appreciate the life that I have... Because Im doing what I want to do
On a plane heading home to be with my wife and kids
his absence is helping k!
Thanks for helping out with the survey Cynthia - much appreciated!
I never trust anyone who says they are a successful acting coach when they are working as background.
ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww your doing music now how ugly thank god i came to my senses
haha, didnt wait on purpose, lol. i dont stipend good luvin. I'll kiss yours when I get back home! This weekend will rock
I only understand about 5 words in this tweet.
Just imagine if Gus Johnson was broadcasting this Chelsea-Man United game.
cry about it.
So there were a bunch of Ferrari's on campus today! I missed the 458 but still got to see a 360 and a testarossa.
I got my grades and now it's time to CELEBRATE!!!!
Water is composed of two gins, Oxygin and Hydrogin. Oxygin is pure gin. Hydrogin is gin and water. (I raise my glass to this one).
Much discussion at #CV City Council mtg about whether to change the name of the city's Safety Commission to Traffic Safety Commission..
Shake it up!!
Tonight, at Jake's Nightclub, the Burly-Q band will have it's debut concert of the 2012 as part of the B3's Burning LOVE Burlesque Show!
OK, so, did you get through the alphabet? If you answer this now, at 3:30am your time, you're in trouble...
I need to give a rundown over this whole twitter thing because he's old and doesn't know how it works.
I am having fun playing with the video camera on my Ipod nano. Wow what will Apple think of next?
k im in FB
I hope you get this beautiful weather we are having right now. You could not ask for anything better :)
What is film after all but life with the dull bits cut out?
START YOUR WEEKEND EARLY | HAPPY HOUR AT 3PM |
Getting my twang on at Charlie & the Contraband aka were great!! Really fun set.
thank the baby jesus for lentil soup, electric blankets, and warm laundry.
Seems like a pretty good battle to see who will become the mayor of melrose place between &
For I can do everything through Christ, who gives me strength Phil 4:13
New topic - Noise Ninja and the E-5
Pressuring China on trade can have the beneficial effect of pushing them to ally with Europe, and plunk down some badly needed dollars there
awww did you have a daughter, Erin??
#twitter is a powerful tool if used well. it's use in segment of k-12 demographic is high.
I've been breaking mg head over reality
Your veto was the right thing to do. Tell me how many low-income citizens were to use that park? Better uses for the money.
well i thought it was funny..
4 RT : Here's the instant recap from tonight's loss to the Nuggets in Denver. What was the reason they lost?
2008 was "Economic Sputnik," we need equivalent response from Presiden/natoinal leaders, explaining the new economic realities we face
Its about to go down....
good then I won't feel so bad about having three ;D
If you know what I mean
Calling it a night due to I work tomorrow. Only thing I hate I wont be spending with my mom but happy she will be with family
Get New England Clam Chowder. See State House, Kenmore Square (Fenway Park), Beacon Hill, many others. I can't remember all now.
who wants a icon?? FIRST 5 to RT this get a bella or Zendaya icon (MUST BE ALREADY FOLLOWING ME)
You Doing anything for Art Basel?
That is so sad looking! Must have gotten too much sun.
Yelling, screaming children... And summer hasn't even started yet!
Divine?! <blush>
There are way too many loud obnoxious Italians in my house right now ... Do they see what time it is? Thank God for grandma's cooking
From experimental projects session... "risk taker's need space makers"-
At Pearl Dive with
is now a member of 's directory
I'm pretty sure i've got bird blue + wooping cough + TB + DARPA science experiment living in my chest
Nice Alex!
Watch the Full Moon rise at 6:55 pm Friday February 18 as you fly over the South Florida coast!
up 1 with less than min left vs texas d1
nick jonas>>
Voices for #Adoption named me a 2011 “Legislator of the Year” for my work on behalf of our most vulnerable #children. Thank you!...
Semisweet chocolates contain about 40-60% of cocoa solids
I can't wait to go active duty, move out of this state, and make all new friends..
For some reason, rock 'n' rollers seem to be obsessed with pie. Songs written about the delicious dessert are unusually numerous.
Circulator driver just snubbed Conway stop full of Red Sox fans.
I feel like one of these years we should track all of them and hand anti awards out
Walking Dead season finale tonight :)
Linda, Thanks for the follow. Enjoy your posts.
Just finished my first yoga class.. VERY relaxing and challenging, feeling good.
I know what you mean! It feels graduation or something!! I hope we keep up around here. I mean...KIT!
thanks for the follow!
Lol RT : Someone told me I need to start working out. I told them I already do 1 sit up a day...to get out of bed.
A person can prolong life up to 14yrs by: not smoking, eating fruits & veggies, moderate alcohol intake, and engaging in regular exercise.
Happy Tuesday.. and Happy MAY!
It's actually a man's. :)
call me
Happy Monday everyone! A lot of post Super Bowl smack talk in the office today :)
Minor flaw in Siri on the iPhone 4S: after it sends an SMS for you there's no user feedback to let you know that it was sent.
Hearing anecdotes of massive hyperlocal sales pressure for new Seattle businesses right now. Group buying, directories, 'news' sites, etc.
K-Prep is over... For ever and ever... Not really! But i still happy!
TeChNo BeAtS CRANKED!!! Time to get to work!!!
almost done almost done almost done....
My God. That Miami arena is so empty, it makes Indiana and Philadelphia's crowds seem crowded.
CM PUNK N3RD is the W0rd!!!
The bright light was the # of social justice pioneers who were determined that once the smoke cleared, South LA would be a different place
What's crazy is that you can blame two Pittsburgh sports stars for the concussion worries in both the NFL and NHL. Crosby and Harrison.
Yes, he is one. I have seen him say and do lots of asshole stuff
Had a great #neara11 and now I'm enjoying a walk around chicago before leaving this afternoon!
Rooting for and , long may and success continue
Geez do I need to buy a Kite? It's so flippin Windy outside.
lol ok bur you better tip me good and I'm in Spain now :) were off to France tomorrow!
heck yea, had too bro.. how dallas?
Thanks for the many downloads and positive feedback!
I gotta go to sleep :/ We will try more tomorrow! Bye <3 I'll ttyt
A new study shows hearts of heavy cocaine users found 83 percent had structural damage in the heart, though they had no symptoms
I like comedy, I love it very much, I love laughing
we look forward to seeing you there!!
TA work, some WordPress testing, and a little John Stuart Mill in the morning.
Karate (belts=badges), Military (medals=badges), Boy scouts (badges=badges), Travel Industry (miles/points/levels)
could be the next real world star!
“: #NHLDucks sign C Saku Koivu to one-year contract.”One Finn confirmed, one more to go!
RT : wow she needs to put some clothes on.
Chilling with wylie
Azorean by any chance?
2012 NBA playoffs -- Dallas Mavericks exclude Lamar Odom from share of playoff money, source says Dallas Mavericks players have de
This is going to be a good week. I can tell.
Sharpen that pencil!
ya that be great.
I can't believe I am more excited about the Kristen Stewart version of Snow White than I am about the Tarsem release.
We are hours away from a huge announcement......
I dont know, if I'm pissed or sad. If I see a small pup that's cute, my moon changes.
Day 1 no coffee. Here's to a healthy and happy 2011!
Can you believe that it took Harry Potter 7 long books to catch the bad guy,it only takes Scooby Doo & Shaggy 25 minutes, Harry,get a dog!
Sorry, pun was not intended in the last tweet.
iMac / Mobile Me calendar applications suck.
Picking Santorum is like marrying your estranged idiot high school boyfriend. He is the only one still left.
US secure gold
You can do anything, but not duck. —David Allen
thanks for the the follow
Blah Blah Blah- something clever.
Or how about he stays with the Brewers?
Pray for your dates. Spend as much time in prayer as you do in front of the mirror.
What's happenin?
people that do pop ups usually are people that want to open a restaurant, but don't have investors.
Sorry I'm walking around the library with no shoes on eating cupcakes. but it's finals... Oh, and also I don't care what you think.
shower time
a surprise! Come check it out!!
Ugh my stomach hurts <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
JUST the thought of such a horrific occurence (4. More yrs of obummer)-makes me want to shop AND buy a gun!!
could u follow back
What happened to Dane Cook's back? Do you think he smokes or swallows?
how did he do it?
Out of town for #cue12, but received the best voicemail from my mom saying that she picked up my new iPad!
Thx for favoriting my tweet. Are you going to join the Verveolution?!
are you with emily ?
Sarah, you're hereby required to get one too and be his fitbit buddy. :-)
oh righhtttttt. sounds stupid. ad what's with the numbers? what if you had a really long story they wouldnt let ya tell it
great to connect with you, I look forward to learning about Korean medical history. I have heard of <U+91AB><U+5B78><U+5165><U+9580> but have not read it
Congrats on the promotion it is well deserved!
Seeing talking to a blonde across the store, thinking it's me. >>>
grandpa topic should be next
How could this not improve a rainy Monday? RT REECE'S PEANUT BUTTER cake shake... This week only!
Sky News boss reprimanded over hacking
Yes, & I now go there! RT Yup, smoking ban has nearly destroyed bars/restaurants. Try Knight's before 8:30 (w/o wait)
story of my life
#TennisTweetsFromBritainThatSayItAll RT Flip's sake, Andy Murray!
if twitter was around when i was 17 (1988), i woulda tweeted...DANG haters!!, u hate urself more than u hate me...WORD! :P
Red goes perfect with so many of our fish dishes :)
I'm still sore??
Expectations are so high! Other biggie is the 3-hour seminar this Thursday.
C'mon...that's right...CHEERIO! #nowplaying "Brokenhearted"
Isn't having Kim Jong-Il scared a good thing. This is pot calling kettle black.
Just spoke to a superjerk from the state govt.Why am I not surprised.
c'mon guys TREND Selena Is The Sweetest Present In Our Life :) #selenatorfamily <33
Israel is the poster child of Western economic success. - Ferguson
YUS! haha you gotta make that happen though :D
Technology is useless unless it changes behavior.
idk but imma curse they asses out thats not right and they dont even know MB
that the hell is cheese curd?!
I cannot wait for my vacation. 10 days away from here? Yes, please.
Cannot wait to see the save-the-dates! Hopefully this weekend! (though I already know they'll be perfect!!) So exciting!
tweets right now >
I'm married to a serial non-reader-who-asks-questions-first. I don't believe they even skim ;)
Heyheyhey MarinaDelRey! It's ur last week with me for lunchtime MetCon3! We're rockin the step and dumbbells today, it'll be POW!
not sure; I'm on the way to PA!
Kim Jong-Un wasn't assassinated, he was just playing Homefront on full volume in his bedroom.
So happy my fab buds from Arkansas r here!
What do people listen to if it's not country or tech n9ne
Can you believe it's August? Happy Monday everyone! Make it a great week.
All heart, grid and grind.
They are pretty bad ass! Good to know someone in the family has some artistic talent , god knows I don't!
Was does that say about the Seattle fan base?
and always learning!
My niggah I'm faded faded faded!!
Awesome! ~?shelley?~
Stealing this. RT : I'm not fat, I'm Value Size!
Oh, is it October 6 yet. I really need some <3 Sugarland <3
GO FOLLOW MY NEIGHBOR >> << HE NEED 1 MORE FOLLOWERS FOR 200 : )
played a very fun show on Vashon Island last night. We love that place
favorite venue in Maryland?
over a forcefully shut office door (Librarian#1) and a "get a life" in response (Asst. Dir.)
Are u green without the envy? Ladies, if your beautiful blonde starts to get that green tint, just wash your lime locks with V8 juice!!
#NP LMAFAO: Sexy & I Know It.
Just tripped like an idiot and this dude saw me. Lmbos
because linux people don't pay for books? Or because Linux people already know that stuff?
Abraham Lincoln said:"[It is the]duty of government to render prompt justice against itself, in favor of citizens." greatamericanhistory.net
I need a snack and a nap.
Some people give you that feeling of being weightless, because they seem to take the weight of the world off your shoulders.
i wathced the adventures of tin tin last night i didnt pay attetion to the movie bc wayne, jake, hunter, hannah, and bri wouldnt shut up lol
Teaching Naomi to drive stick shift.
's "no tweeting after 11" rule just got a mention at #YPweek's social media lunch and learn. Love it.
What's up with Ron Paul anyways? Remarkable that even rigging polls and mocking #RonPaul - He is KICKING ASS
Real recognize real and my nigga yu a stranger
Very cool!!! Stop by
So I've decided to go visit #Hawaii and for my birthday this year!!
Come join now don't wait and we want everyone to follow us thanks
Give the Gift of Incredible-start planning your holiday getaway! Give the ones you love a Royal Caribbean cruise vacation! Call 800-803-7245
PLEASE move to Destin, Florida.
and acted chill as a penguin.
Can you tell me which way to the yellow brick road?
autumn grey
Dean Lockwood's other advice for new residents is first impressions count and think team, team, team.
Who dat and Happy Boxing day y'all!!!!
Just landed in Phoenix. Headed next to Boise and then the family reunion will begin. Booyah!
NOI boot camp: A fitness group like I see all over the park in my ATX hood or a Nation of Islam gathering? #justwonderin lol
Time for work
Hats off to all the people trying to care for our snow torn city!
thanks so much for tweeting about our free Lower Manhattan iphone app! we're checking your site museums2go.com & it's great!
omg yes
Emotional intelligence is so much more important than IQ
Psalm 27:1 The LORD is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear the LORD is the strength of my life; of whom shall I be afraid
Some follow the compass and some follow the cross
Since you're so angry and not thinking clearly, I'll let you in on a little secret. Rickie is getting on base by walking a ton.
I am the Crack Fox
totally agreed!! Her newer album is so good!!:))
Capitol One Heights
Just returned from son's #backtoschoolnight. Saw this quote in a classroom - "Life is either a daring adventure or nothing!" ~ Helen Keller
Tonight, my try to stay alive!
I love nutella.
you shouldn't know anyone old enough to not be self lubing
#3WordsForYou I love you. (:
good morning Ariana! Love you :*
Legoland Carlsbad, not the ideal rainy day activity.
Baked chicken and spinach salad wit grapefruit water...#i'minthepocket
No, did not see that! Good for you! ;) Had a blast with you too and only sorry we don't live closer. Miss you!!!
Subs in the whip check. 22's Monday
yes. It has been happening for quite a while. Twitter seems unable to fix it.
America got a thing for this gangster shit.
These SAT emails are starting to make me freak out.
So Broke My Room Door. "/
Walking distance to Sharp & Childrens hospitals, National Guard, Kearny Park & rec center, Kearny High, Mesa College shops and restaurants.
“ Stop calling my phone. I'm not dead. Been in the lab working on my 19th album #NoTrespassing in stores Feb 2012”
Phone glass replaced!! Looking brand new. Life is good. Happy birthday to me.
BREAKING NEWS: Milwaukie police on scene of a grenade found in residential area. Bomb squad on the way to clear the device.
Gimme a pencil and a piece of paper
there were so many asian people in that city!! haha
Going to the gym tonight and sweating for days!
Now Speaking to #NLCATLANTA...sharing about Risk Taking
RT : Dr. Rimlawi from says minimally invasive spine surgery means less pain, less time, less scarring.
Gosh. Payphone is just on repeat. Such an emotional song. <3
Thanks for the follow
I know :( I knew I forgot something
Update: volunteer funding for the library department voted on. Whew! Layoffs & furlough 2B discussed all 2gether at end.
The Football commissioner is gonna be in trouble with the Voo Doo in New Orleans
buzzwords suck, but I think "Fake agreement" is even more awful!
On Saturday this year, the Milwaukee Model T Club will display their cars, including several trucks and a Fire Engine!
congrats! Now go treat some patients
Im crying right now as I tweet this. R.I.P Fate, we love you
Freedom to share your faith, freedom to celebrate your passion (go Mavs), freedom to choose. God bless America.
just call me from a phone! I don't wanna write it out!
my dad took it haha got it back already
I'm just excited to be a part of it all & do ministry w/ such an incredible dude. Honored to serve w/ you!
Pastors, leaders: Time to redefine or relocate. Watch for your free report.
ha ha that was a long time ago Gabe..
Metro 1 is currently seeking innovative web companies to participate in an RFP process for several exciting web projects. Interested partie…
Apparently, Twitter seems to think that I am not worthy of following more than 2000 people. Sorry Followers.
Tavistock Institute of Human Relations
Thanks to for mentioning #NNRC and the nationwide #courtreporting & #legal services we provide
Havent Been On Since Last Friday x) LOL
dats wuts up-i missed be hm in da chi my nig-79th n cottage still wild?
Thanks for sharing the editorial from the Library of Virginia’s 2009 African American Trailblazers in Virginia History.
Thank you so much for posting my study invitation on your blog! I'm so grateful!
Happy Easter Believers! "...Blessed is he who has not seen but believes."
I love it when I check my e-mail and someone is following me! I always feel like somebody's watchin me! whoa whoa..
When jake blessie freaks out on me for no reason.
we have a game tomorrow??
Today sucked.
yeah me too! :) hes also very good!
We would love to! Email me at to get you started...
RT : Saying "no" to one opportunity gives you the ability to say "yes" to something you will benefit from even more. // Amen!
Oddly enough, I had a trio of interesting encounters with Avedon, the last one shortly before his untimely death. Life is strange.
"you're suppose to say that" lol love you!
Wait...What?!
I miss you!!! I hope to see you soon
Captain - she's the Enterprise.
Sleep well!
I remember you, I didn't think you were stalking me! :) Hope you are doing well!
nice calves. Happy Easter! :)
How was it?
- Need agnostic mobile accessibility guidelines
Hey! Thanks for the welcome :) Have a great week!
I have to be honest when I say I'm getting a little sick of those Sounders winning.
I know people who got out on the same amount of bond with drug charges he murdered a young teen how is that the same
well, we are notable. And in Eagle Rock.
You know resort at Riviera Maya is good when selecting the departure day while booking makes you sad.
Break time :)
When you pour salts on your cuts TRUST me it hurts!
I woke up feeling like shit.
Enjoying bbq at my brothers house we are geting it in..my brother can cook hes azz off
When I get waken up from my nap! >.<
Imagine if they gave me a mens bag? Then we know something is up!
I've been busy & MIA too! Been meaning to check out Estadio since your July article & finally did--long wait but delish!
If you're from Vixen's stream and I'm not following back, please let me know!
miss you too!!! I'll be back tomorrow.
woah there don't flatter yourself lol jkkkkkkkkkkk yeaah its pretty nice
Congrats on the donation you received!
Animation of Logo appears a Success. If any one see's a animation hiccup or can't see a still logo on their smart device. Let me know,thnx
Mary Kay develops, tests, manufactures and packages the majority of its own products at its state-of-the-art facilities in Dallas and China.
I wonder how many people shit their pants today.
What's it like to be off on a Sunday?
They're in trouble RT Pickett and Howard Green still going inside to do conditioning with strength coach Mark Lovat.
Cant Say It Enough! #Thankful for the life I was given, the family I belong to and the God I serve! Enjoy Your #Thanksgiving Tweeps!
Working on an editorial calendar today. What are you up to?
Photoshoot yesterday! Who's ready for some new pictures?!
Yeah I always end up catching up online but I am going to try to watch tonight!
Making me jealous.. There's not hot people in Florida :c
Eastern horizon aflame with glorious light, risen power brings new life to the day and the spring.
Gonna invest in a huge pillow sized Teddy bear with extra Snuggles. Maybe I'll get it before my birthday. #4/30plans
But I guess it set the bar so low I figured it could only get better after hahaha
just followed (:
Im buying your ticket! So EXCITED!!!!!!!!! Waiting for it to be available!! COME ON!! Paws Paws Up UP!!
delay....it was great:)
hi wes
- how was the grand event last night?
In my opinion, the Fernet was a Journey. And it tasted like hate. I'm just saying.
Ayers: "We should avoid chasing shiny digital objects and have larger projects worth doing for reasons besides the new medium."
Jon jones UFC commercial is structured like an I am morman ad
Connect with King Tut's official Twitter page for deals and info about the exhibition now open at The Children's Museum of Indianapolis!
if you want greysonchange follow you go follow and she will send a DM to he :D go just 20 DM
get ya freakum dress on
What to do about mobile access to lib vendor content? Lots req setup indiv accounts
ol happy to go to bed lookin ass nigga
sure why not
Join us tomorrow for client appreciation night! 6-8pm drawings! prizes! Stella&dot Trunk Show! See you there!
being a photographer, I am gonna go hunt for that moon! Happy Cinco day Mayo!!!
I hate people that always talk shit and they try to be ur friend!!! W.T.F
Don't dwell on who you let down....Cherish those you hold up!
follow me i followed u
Had a great time at the Calabasas Fine Art fair today, learned alot about showing & made some new friends too!
Just realized that supports only two languages - English and Mandarin Chinese. Cool, I can practice <U+4E2D><U+6587> while managing my money.
Yay! Congrats to The Civil Wars on their Grammy Awards nomination for “Best Folk Album” and “Best Country Duo/Group Performance!”
At #weightofthenation premier in Austin. Great film re obesity problem in USA. How long before there are serious tax implications.
ok ally<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>
“A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits. They will be embarrassingly large.” Henry Ford
Here she Go Again 9 Tweets Per Minute
I love my Mother, what would I do without her:-)
Gonna go to my aunt and uncles house tomorrow! GETTING READY FOR A NEW BABY COUSIN! <3 Happy Labor Day Weekend all <3 =D
depends on the size of startups, I find it to be a rich and broad process with a deep integration w/ the team.
I LOVE seafood!! One of my top foods! Enjoy Drew! Have a great nite and stay safe!
"The harder you work at a relationship, the harder it is to surrender!"
You want a shot at the title? Meet Me and Mack daddy on the course today at 1:30
I wanna go home already....
Forcibly cutting someone's hair isn't bullying, it's assault. And an 18 year old isn't a kid, it's a voting, driving, draftable adult.
Going Crazy
First Four McGlynn sighting in the NCAA Tournament. To the general public: yes his name is Four and he can score from anywhere
Let's see with and me :) Check out our pix :)
The suites are amazing, but even a regular room is large compared to other hotel rooms.
I met a little girl yesterday who needs prayer - can't be more specific, but would you all please pray for Bekah? Thank you!
Operation make out w/ a cutie is now in effect.
Good idea RT #TosaTweetUp2 Parking: enter 7720 Harwood Ave into your GPS it will take you to lots across the Bridge from Cafe H
Everyone complains about this generation of people, but no one wants to fix it.
I'd rather be a teenager in love
at #SunlifeStadium. Same as the last 2 years....
calling me ugly, doesn't make you prettier, sorry :)
Excellent hospital scene talking to Denise. You are one great actress!
Meeting a client regarding a new venture website and potential mobile app development. Not a bad way to start the day
Striving for relevance and community impact are ways to create better programming rather than more.
When you anger someone because you said NO to them, they react by inventing rumors about you to TRY and bring you down. Keep trying ;) haha
New creative tweeps
Thanks! RT : #Follow Home-grown Southern Kitchen & Bathroom Design/Consultation
I thought Obama has been fairly horrible on immigration? Are we trying to do right now?
Students - the National Asian Am Theater Fest is coming to town! For more info, visit: www.caata.net
I despise packing, but I keep telling myself it will be worth the move!!! In fact, I know it will!
Enjoying a panel discussion led by with social media experts & Very insightful.
i just woke up from a nap !!
I heard it wasn't worth the money to see it in theatres, but it had its funny moments
1st day of snow in Chicago baby !!!
& Thanks! It would be a great gig!
DB23 for the win... That's why he's the cap'n folks..
Holler day yay! :))
2 years ago today the #Brewers pounded out 25 hits and humiliated the #Pirates 20-0.
Many thx to & all our guests & vendors for a fab event on Sat!
Now you know how I feel. It must be like a smile... highly contagious :)
IM GOING TO REGRET THAT
okay im finish facebook stalking..SVU till i fall asleep
I sure love that vegetable!
I love/hate this song lol
If you could co-write a song with anyone BESIDES The Boss, who would it be? And are you guys coming by Tampa anytime soon?
We would like to thank the Sigma Chi Fraternity Omicron Omicron Chapter for helping us out!
I guess, in this case, I view another shot as another chance to throw away money. But now that it's up to $500mm who can say no?
Compromise is not capitulation--giving up on President Obama is.
Yes I'm in my MF ' feelings . You don't like it , let me know .
told my sis "shut up freak of nature" her response was "hey I'm not a freak of nature Im a freak of city" In an extremely unattractive voice
how is that "worse"?
I'll take credit for those <U+263A>
People keep claiming that anyone can recruit. Why dont they try it then? and why do they fail to find good workers when they try?
RT Apartment necessities: $130 launch party bar tab: $35, watching Return of the Jedi as a nightcap: priceless.
Thanks for having me as a speaker this past Saturday, hope I inspired some makers!
“: I miss your awesome faces love u guys” me too... we must plan a wine night ASAP!!!!
I hate how some guys just think they can push me around and i hate how they don't really want my heart they just like to know they can <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
Anyone have extra tickets to Wilco either at Fox or Warfield?
not too much different, we shall see how game plays. Skins and Eagles could jump
By whom? RT : This game is a work of art.
Here comes Cox!!!!
:O you called me a bitch </3
He hit that hole hard.
Why the hell is my DVR recording "Man vs. Wild?" And why is it doing so EVERY DAY? I don't even watch "Man vs. Wild!"
No one like an arrogant boy scout. So 2009.
He got the bo haha
Why is tonight so confrontational?
Finally! After 5 days I just finished this drawing.
No stress necessary. Well, maybe just a little stress.
coffee. food... need!
no, silly.
About time #MatthewPerry is back on TV! Hope he's on #TheGoodWife for awhile.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe. -Anatole France.
They both get funnier, and (don't tell) but I think Max gets sexier too!
"Partners" was not meant as a legal term.
Not to question the ionic quest for ice
Lol, I bet all these girls wish they were that girl Justin's touching.
How's everyone doing on this Sunday morning?! Wish it was a #Browns game day!! If everyone can go follow I'd appreciate it!
Check out our mobile optimized website!.
Always yum RT : A4 - basil, hands down ;)
Oh nice. What guns are you going to be shooting?
Gosh I am way too forgiving. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I'm tired of the bullshit competing with these other chicks..
My birthday is mañana!
I always seem to go there in the winter. Great warm comfort food. I have been on the moosehead patio in Olmsted falls.
how you are you doing on this lovely morning !
Final comments before deliberation at the NSAC hearing for Alistair Overeem.
What up homegurl...Your #Spurs on #Clippers coming out strong ;)
The sexiest ski party is in 21 days in Breckenridge, CO. Skiing, spa meet n greet, themed dances and playrooms! Rooms & pass start at $602!
really wondering what some of my followers think about my lovely #selfportrait. I got sucked in #slpeeps. My followers are down today. :)
I love that though! :(
What is the name of this elusive place you are moving to? I'm going to try to find it on my bike.
Hey guise make sure you #supportbruno because we I loves him!!1
#FF #Follow these great bands and artists!
Celebrating my heritage! #HappyHaitianFlagDay. God is Good! The week we celebrate our country, 20 BILLION in GOLD is discovered there! AMEN!
Seriously i never acted like that when i was a freshman -.-
These refs in the Thunder-Lakers game are trash..
It didn't help matters when they brought the trolley to Santee.
its the spot. Hot me with a DM when ur here bruh. You light up?
still have IU vs Northwestern tix available ?
Oh i just noticed this, but I meant 11:00 p.m
great day here by the water!
You call yourself a "Single black female addicted to retail" ? Well I guess u can get addicted to sales at Value City.
don't know why,but I sure do <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> procrastinating.
It's all over I found a better way to help keep you from me, I'm better off this way.
thanks for the link via edurach!!
*Ordering food with mom* Me: I want a number 1 with a soda. Mom: We have soda at home. Me: IT`S NOT THE SAME !
Become memorable. RT : RT : RT : A5: Its hard for people to follow someone they can not see.
I did, thanks bestie!
thanks (: you too .
I just did the twitter tutorial quiz and my response was accepted...
The MAGENTA puma.
Still the best senior class of my lifetime.
exactly & it shouldn't! I don't condone it for either holiday. I said it on Father's Day too
Or does it matter whether the templates are directly under ~/.pandoc/templates/ for them to override the pandoc defaults?
Monaco Royalty #OTRC Honoring actress and Princess Grace Kelly. It's been 30 yrs since she passed away
No God, No Peace. - Know God, Know Peace.
<U+200E>3 mixes down for Michael Bram's upcoming record...this really is going to be a good one. Sounds BIG!!! stay tuned...
You are great!
It was a Say Anything saturday night. Love that flick.
OK I got word that someone got spammed from my account via DM..Wasn't me..I will look into it and I apologize..Freaking ppl have no lives!!
I dont understand why parents have to be always right without even hearing my side of the story in arguments
Haters are my motivators in disguise-Vinncent Castronovo <3
Welcome taking Twitter by the Horns.
Come on SPORTING!!!
about 8 days until i get to see my brother and he comes home ! haven't seen him since christmas
The first man was of the dust of the earth, the second man from heaven. 1 Corinthians 15:47
what a fuckboy.
“: Looking do a story for our site. Let's set something up #LaFoodie #LA”
I just saw a homeless man searching bins for food, I gave him
Wild times at LAX tonight and Dinner at Social house lets go!
didnt think it could get worse, then there was a rap...
I just want to take it nice & slow
will see what time ya going?
. Thanks for the RT!
#GoTribe Fukudome....best last name in sports ever??
Thanks Charles! We like your name too.
Thanks ladies!
school's so whaack.
"May not have been a great outing"? What game did you watch? Yes bp blew game but they gave up too much 4 a Fauto like outing
Good Morning<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C> RT : you ain't txt me good morning tho
I challenge all those who oppose our move to the #pac12 to a round of fisticuffs; the first to fall must submit!
We have started the markup session to consider the resolution to launch a formal investigation into the "Trust" with subpoena power.
Did someone say double date? -->: Me too! ~~> RT : Where's everyone taking their mother today? I need ideas for lunch.
If you're not carrying the world on your shoulders, then you're not really living.
My 7-year-old niece's favorite thing about her mom according to the book she made her for mother's day: "She buys me food at the store."
Today I had an lovely brunch with someone I've aspired to be like. The conversation was beyond AWESOME.
yay!!! :) thanks so much!
haha good shit. Same here, just been busy as fuck
that's what i'm thinking. we have 2+ locations and frequent exceptions to hours but perhaps we are not snowflakes??
I got two numbers too !
5 year old just finished reading me the Lorax. It was important to her and that made me proud.
Creative!!! Very creative!
Kevin_faulconer same rhetoric as always coming from you lying richpublican mouth. Sad
well you have about 30 minutes to get your listen in before we take it off!
My Mom seriously struggles with texting. She puts like 10 spaces between each word.
Man.. my babe leaves in a few hours and I didn't even get to see him
Your worst enemy is yourself.... Alter Ego
Wish you hadn't said that. I was trying to convince myself to go to bed.
Call me old school but I rather shop for clothes in stores then online too much boot-legging going on now-a-days
No walking dead... Not sure what to do with myself.
I've worked for 4 years in the Strip District and just this week made it to Andy's Sushi Bar at Wholey's. Tuna Kiwi sushi!
It was great meeting you last night at the You're now officially my 2nd fave Canadian (behind Dave Chappelle)
"I haven't farted in like 3 years bro..." -Rube Sheeber
thanks for follow Kevin... hope to see you May 19th!
Thanks to the webshopsapps Magento Override extension we were able to create shipping rule per product based on quantity.
yay! blue sky here in #ROC!!
Game on! First spring training game for the #Brewers is underway!
when tells that your a satanist and she has to call to make sure that shes lying....oh the friends i have:)
Discount on your next pizza.
It would seem that every school in that league now has an easy way to beat Mesa Prep. No muss, no fuss.
hope i feel better so i can play tommorow.
Come join us at Hartwood Acres August 8th from 12-4 for Family Fun Day. Face painting, bounce house, crafts, airbrush tattoos, and more!
Hump day
That and the cougar calendar are not mutually exclusive. Just sayin.
so easy to feel sleepy~
Happy to be hearing at #smbmad at Monona Terrace. Thanks to #Ford for their sharing him with us today.
Did you know that the red carpet for all events is really not red? It's weighs on the side of fuchsia.
Think of a number between 0 and 120. Add 12 to it. Multiply by 2. Subtract 8. Now close your eyes. It's dark, isn't it?
RT : More filed to ESPN: And now that Manning has told his agent to make deal with Denver, Broncos will try to trade Tim Tebow
Sometimes you fall into love. Sometimes you trip into it. And sometimes...you get raped.
I have never thought about that before. I can only imagine
Just had a great time at gatti town, my son won over a thousand tickets with 5 bucks.
And I'm back, pretty sore though
because we want Austin Mahone's cat Romo…. lol we trying to trend #wewantromo!!!
Been trying to play Scrabble on my Droid but that app is so damn glitchy.
I think it's pretty funny how everybody's out having fun and I'm watching movies. Someone text me.
If I order Papa Johns tonight to club cinema, I want you as our pizza boy
Check out work from local artist Seth Stork on display in our Market Square location!
Jessica Sanchez- In the finale!! #iamecstatic :D
I am always here for you. And love your ideas!
You're only as good as the people you hire
what are the two things you can't have for lunch?
Matching tween gay boys walking out of the Galleria.
what you said!
SEND ME NUMBERS PEOPLE!!!<3
3rd and 14, Beaver defense steps up to the challenge and sniffs out the screen pass. 4th and long for Ducks at the end of the 1st Quarter
": Lmfao Bill Cunningham be having some crazy people on his show it's worse than Maury lmao."
TURKEY POT PIE
I need to get my hair done but for the past few days of school asia been looking a mess lol
If you can say it behind my back, you should be able to say it to my face. Ha!
" Downloading 97%... 98%... 99%... *downloading error* OH GOD KILL ME NOW!"
thanks! I have a canon rebel. Any favorite places for SD photo walks? (other than balboa park or old town..been there recently)
I'm at the leadership bfast.
dam a nigga still up bored as fuck somebody hit me up
your so mean deadass
you know how Mondays are like ugh!! well can brighten the day with an #acfamilymeeting. music & laughs, doesn't get better
Another great show ! I love my cast ! <3
I need to get this finish line job for this summer.
incredible hulk is something amazing. do you know him?
I always like the option of having and "OPEN" hitting time for a set price during off peak hours rather than paying for tokens
I feel left out... SHOUT OUT TO
Working out of the New York office this week. What's up?
had a dream this AM while flying frm NOLA to NYC. U & were launching a program 4 writers live from cafe du monde :)
where you at
Thanks for the RT! :)
: But Oakland couldn't spare ONE? I get that it was crazy there but, come on. Very let down.
$16 dollar tees for the late Black Friday shoppers and the early Cyber Monday shoppers www.ThreadedType.com
Ha! Not unix, but #ux-- user experience. I don't make the software, I make it better. Design for people
A big " THANK YOU" for the follow!
Beechwold Diner is in Beechwold, not Clintonville. Thus the name.
Walker campaign says more than 33,000 jobs created since Walker took office, unemployment rate plummeted to its lowest since 2008...
explain to why I can watch Ohio high school football and seton hall bball in HD but UK basketball isn't shown in HD on FSSouth?
Is wondering if the Air Wars will ever end and public sessions of Council meetings will return to normal.
How can someone say they "have no respect for Robinson Cano?" He literally NEVER says anything. Even non-Yanks fans can agree with that.
thanks for the the follow
Take a breath and calm yourself... Much easier to tackle a cruddy day when you're the eye at the ctr of the storm. :) GL!
ow oh you don't know your beautiful:)
wait I think u found you lol hold on lol
Watching YouTube from Xbox loving it
Hard work pays off!!!!!!Im So thankful....
Welcome to STL! RT : Just got to St. Louis and it's Cardinals Fever!! 20 flatscreens in one room of this restaurant :)
75 in Madison and its early March. More global warming please!
RT : Just left indigo w and j3 crew! Tomorrow turntable up at luxe <-- Thanks for coming thru fam!
Linux Web Hositng Space available all over ... - Free classified ads
To drunk to say the tg, kinda ashamed of myself
are you working cleaning, or kitchen? (:
*Gasp* They dared to auto correct Lewis Carroll?!? Off with their heads!
This is a Chicago trend?
gotta make rent...if only it was that easy!! Soon...
yeah we can only try!:(
RT : Evisors congratulates its first customer to get a full time offer from McKinsey & Company!
never mind, you might slap me.... RT what? O.o
#NowPlaying About you now - Miranda Cosgrove
Tonight at Bistrot Lepic and Wine Bar, join the whole crew : violin, guitars, bass and volcals Django style. 7pm. No cover.
Don't miss this! Metuchen Library Annual Book Sale TOMORROW Oct 15 9AM on the Library lawn 480 Middlesex Ave Metuchen NJ!
right now i am watching smackdown if anybody wanted to know... :-)
seriously though let us know if we are too loud.
River monsters = no sleep.
Penn Stater willing to help? Love it! Email RT
"The role of the imagination is to create new meanings and to discover connections that, even if obvious, seem to escape detection....
can't wait to watch on dancing with the stars!!!
Oh wow! That's sad ! You bring so much to that show!
God this girl tweets to much..i think I know who was talking bout now..every time I come on twitter all I see is her tweets
looking for perfect holiday gift..get a diamond from Raymond Lee Jewelers see special at ybocaraton.com in coupons.
:) thank you!!! RT : #HA2Crush yea… she just cute enough to mention…
Channeling my favorites, the Grimke sisters as I rally about rights at #aauw state convention.
number 1 sign of being a hipster: saying you hate hipsters. welcome to the club, sean.
Why is Nick Lowe trending? If its coz he unfollowed loads of people, they need to get a grip!
": "Real generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out." - Frank A. Clark"
No three words have greater power than I Love You.
direct trade. Micro lots.
Boy man. Wash uffizzi drive me to firenze
In the NHL, takes the Bruins money line for a unit.
thanks but i have my own :)
no were gonna miss each other!
Thats was good:)
Are we looking at Jane's second ex-husband?
don't forget the popcorn for thomas's class!
I'm coolin drinking
You're beautiful. & True, True
All Uni cubes returned safely to base after Biblioball 2011. Cleaning and light sanding scheduled for this week.
Ready to talk honors thesis at El Cholo
Finally got my razr back!! They gave me a whole new phone
We all have those weekends. RT : I know its saturday but taking a
I made it to the 500,000s :D hahahah #finally :b
always look forward to tommorow because you can start anew everyday
I woke up n noticed my charger was nocked out of the wall. So. No excessive tweeting for me this am.
PLEASE , PLEASE tell me your not dating Alexis .......
The person you are looking for is the people around you
I am one happy girl!
Pleasant surprise: checked in and found Craft by I know where I'm having dinner...maybe 2!
Farrah Fawcett auditioned for the role of Princess Leia in Star Wars.
YEA dat was the song *dancing*
Welcome my boo, , to Twitter!
so much for creating a conversation... With a single tweet, Lance Armstrong’s PR machine blunts ’60 Minutes’ segment
Okay good night :)
.'s IG last night has me craving soba noodles. Don't know where in south Austin to go since Fire Bowl stopped carrying them.
I have a doctor's appointment and my stomach won't shut up. Haha. Ssssh. It's too quiet here!
yup :D i like love it bahahah
Awesome! I would love to learn how you did that!
Done retweeting things:
i listened to the album 26 times in a row on the way home.
Ordered Fuel tonight. So much more MMA for me.
btw gossip boy is now an app on mmy phone. I click it and it goes directly to ur tumblr <3
hey when is the power coming back on?
Our new album "Truth, Lies and Deceit" is done! Check itunes, Amazon and everywhere for it soon! Also check out our facebook page for a...
Dad is at the Indianapolis Speedway, preparing to drive an Indy car. It will do up to 140 MPH and he plans on reaching that speed. Go Dad!
don't complain!! She's hot!
: Too cool! Nice job, David! How to customize simple icons and clipart screenr.com/mKPs
had a nice dunk
Had an awesome shoot today for SMOKING (my new webseries coming out this fall). :D
Things are going well for Wake Forest early in the second half. Deacons lead Raiders 44-28. 15:40 remaining.
you have the best announcing crew with you, Sabathias going to shut the tigers out, go yanks!
are you ok robert you havent tweeted since tuesday
Compared to a “You are here” map, I see both advantages and disadvantages.
Lynard Skynard at Miller Lite CarbDay Friday prior to #Indy500 If weather's nice band doesn't matter...will sell plenty of drinks
Holding a listening party workshop for songwriters, singers and musicians tonight. Should be a fun time.
I catch on quick.
haha that is funny!
lol text kalissa she'll tell I if u can!
haha It's all fine. Lmao random tweets with friends
Ready for the world!
I love you to jhutch
MS critical updates keep killing my os. Here's to hoping that a repair install works!
We are all about the love and sparkle.
Can't wait until the new season comes out!
i will always care bout u
then smoke a fat ass blunt to the head and pass that shit to tunechi tell dat bitch to shake that ass and show that coochie
People were different in the 1990s
needs to just accept his blackness
thanks mom. bit of a mixed blessing but mostly grateful for it, too!
Exactly what I was thinking when I saw that article. He doesn't work on the docks, does he?
Levi Strauss & Co reports 99.9%+ backup success rate. Pretty impressive given half its environment is virtualized
you and ur sister are so pretty!!<3
I need to get back at it. Not finding the motivation.
Have a positive review for us? We'd love to here it! Email:
It's going to be a long day. Two munchkins, then fixing my hair, hanging out with Melody & seeing my favorite man. :)
that was the best thing that happened all-day
It's a Collective Sounds day at Jimmy Cliff + Counting Crows =amazing
Just ate a chip bigger than my hand...
needs more experience
Looks like we're getting the band back together for one more go around..
Gus Johnson doesnt do "Onions!!" that is Bill Raferty "Devendorf for the win, ONIONS!!"
I have NO band It feels like my life is over!
In the car, rolling up, and singing "Is this Love"- Bob Marley
Maybe as authority control, Google presence, etc. It's a static (but up-to-date) profile for me, with links to other services.
The Jungle Cruise will always be my favorite water craft, spieler driven attraction.
Tennis Pro Milos
Thanks for sending us your link! We are working hard on the next issue, and will definitely review your work.
Strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory. Tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat. ~ Sun Tzu
Cornbread stuffing, cranberry sauce and chocolate peanut butter pie all done for the feast tomorrow.
iM WATCHING YOU RIGHT NOW ON YOUNOW ! <3
We'll be rockin it on July 31st with Tonight Tonight at Arnetic in Deep Ellum!
Oh he's an early model. We didnt do the homework. He sheds like crazy. You have to make sure the shedding's bred out of them.
- Thank You & ily Too Dereka D. Seymour-Walton ! QT : -happy birthday to my ace ! ily Carletta A. Byrd!
it's okay,I'm okay.but don't ever make me see you with your new girlfriend #TSS :')
Hunger games comes out today! Whos exited? I kno i am :) and #BOYFRIEND on monday :) #3days cant wait
aww shucks thanks!! We have to have more parties now!
I find myself mostly reading tweets and not updating my tweets.
Yeah buddy!!! RT : Doing work at work to ... gettin' me thru the grind
thanks for the
SO WHACK!
damn I need to get out to the next Spar Star.
Hey Wats up ;)
My friends tell me to move on. But fact of the matter is I'm stuck in memory lane.
EVery Saturday
what promise? You gotta remind me, I'm bad with promises. That's how i lost Kate Hudson.
Hot Lips would actually be a fun name for a hot sauce...
is one class act! Twitter timeline about MKE is awesome.
#iwanttogotothere RT : So I heard about a place that makes grilled cheese sandwiches with mac and cheese.
": I've mastered my mama signature"
Just one of those days when nothing would fall. More motivation
I kind of want to go to the carnival, but the fact that it will be filled with students from our school makes it automatically suck.
thanks! nice to tweet you!
Of COURSE I want a cinnamon broom!
Mama raised a hellraiser why cry, That’s just life in the ghetto, do or die.
Want to help stop SOPA, CISPA, PCIP, and the NDAA? I need your help defeating Lamar Smith if you live in Austin or San Antonio.
FIND A QUEEN! Le Gasp!
I would buy that! Your pics are always amazing!! =)
Thanks for the follow though I don't twea.aet anything worthwhile ha.
"Many fail by trying to get as much as possible for doing as little as possible"
looks like a national championship in the making!
I'm not committed to no nigga but there will always be this one guy you goes out for.
The K are wearing their hoods over their shoulders to protest a Latino got to murder Trayvon Martin.
interesting that he "celebrated" his sentencing by going out to a club :/
Been thinkng about getting an industrial piercing... Idunno yet...
THANKS :D
Happy Palm Sunday, Communion, & April Fools Day!
it's ok. Cuz when that $100k hits our acct........it will have been worth the wait :))) Sssuuppppp!!!!!! Lol! :)
I dont care if you dont like his music or how he acts and i did not say you do at least you respect him...
yeah man second that f'n little twink sucks
This is the latest I've slept in a long time
Hanging out to escape noisy house cleaners (work at home woes). Checking something out in gratitude.
there giving otter boxes away?
Drink, drank, drunk.
Bring the muthafuckin ruckus!
The first segment of The Daily Show is consistently the best couple of minutes on tv. The B block (next segment) is the worst.
Amazing. You people will defend everything one of u'r own does. Amazing.
Are you still going through the seasons of #24?
#FF Recent Followers
Good morning!! It's Monday ...get up get out and get something!
because your always talking to them! Gtg bye!:(
I want selenas boy friend but she seems to make him very happy so I'll let love be.
Just know my beloved are gonna crush 's silly team today. And guess who will be there for round 2 tomorrow? THIS GIRL.
Holy crap! Surprise SURPRISE 50th birthday party?! WOW no idea
for get you
But bacon is so... bacony!
#boyfriend breiwlsdviweog ah!!!
you think? nigga you do!
O, pick me! RT : Looking for a #summerintern w/sense of adventure & decent office skills. Please send resume to .
We've heard good things about Wordpress Tumblr Blogger too.
All praise to planet earth goon molly is the EarthGOD let dem kno
Because i love!!RT why do you treat me so badly?
So imma make my aunt a facebook .
Shocked at the people who think I am trying to censor them by educating them that "Crea-tard" is highly offensive.
he didn't exist dude*
You ever had something that smell so good that you wanna eat it even though it's not food ?
Just saw the Milwaukee Groupon for serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer tour is sold out. Sorry, kids - there goes our road trip!
Thanks for the tweetin' love Buffalo!!!
I wish you were my best friend. Like for real. You're amazing. I love you. I need to meet you. HERE I COME!!<3
has 20% off all orders on BrewCityBites ALL WEEK!
Congrats on the Pete and Bonnie Axthlem Scholarship!
I should have more drinks before having to deal with this.
Hello Edmonton and Calgary!! I am gonna be live with Scott Phillips in a few minutes!!
He's wrong on this mt : Tom Izzo at speaking engagement in Grand Rapids takes time to rip Twitter again as "self-promoting."
maybe wednesday but she usually doesn't sit by me lol
bad news for I'm sure. Sorry bud
What is "Casey Anthony's last tweet"? RT It's hard to distance yourself mentally from a person that you see every day. .
It's about damn time you fucking jerk.
Joker said that he wants to throw it 45 times/game. UK has attempted at least 45 passes/game just 3 times in school history ('97, '98, '00).
Friends are God's apology for relations. ~ Hugh Kingsmill
thank you for the Nuggets tix! We had fun!!! Love you and your wife!!!!
How far do you have Duke going in your favorite bracket?
She throw that ass back nd never over do it !
Not sure why I'm up at 6. But here we go.
Lol don't start we can do that on the phone
So, it's 3 in the morning and I haven't been to sleep yet! Just laying here wide awake!
how about no cops - no money...
Review officials | Not having the best of days | Hope they get this right! |
Pickup Line: Hey baby, will you be my love buffet so I can lay you on the table and take what I want?
just listened to the final recording of "Rendezvous". Ahh!! i hope you like it as much as i do!
sim ta certo! :)
RT treats game of thrones characters like real people "You got to meet HOT PIE last night."
i guess you can call it lucky.
the blonde he's next to, she's holding his hand
I have 666 admirers on Etsy.
sounds hot. love the mixes
aye u'll show Follow_You_Home's video once apon a lie
Going horseback riding! :D
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Paterno family and Penn State fans.
Great event with really great results and conclusions. With this foundation and tenacity we can go only up and ahead!
Though the pen is mightier than the sword, the sword speaks louder and stronger at any given moment.
Woo feelings! : At the end of the day… it’s just about finding, and loving, someone who loves you too.
#Mac #iPad Apple sets iPad Mac sales records
The 2011 is coming to the end, what are you looking forward to in 2012? Let's start writing wishes for next year!
Black girl team full of bad bitches.
"When Mike got arrested, they told him, ""Anything you say will be held against you.""Mike said, ""Claudia Schiffer's breasts."""
Blizzard stimulates the economy by selling millions of Diablo I copies. Money is removed from the economy as workers stay home playing it.
Eating at some point today, would be good i think...
RT Dude, Bissinger is stocked up on those index cards. It's scary. Did he know about this debate 5 years ago?
Was unconventional and relied on his legs too much. Traded to SF and was given time to develop behind Montana. Later became a Superbowl MVP.
#MDNA #Madonna Gotta shake up the system & break all the rules. Gotta turn up the Radio. I'm liking it. Few songs remind me of #Yaz &
GOAL. Where are you?
not sure haven't checked the schedule.
Fml... I gotta work in the in the morning and it is waaayyy past my bedtime.
Ain't no follow back girrl!..
Happy hr! Touch baby touch! ;)
Took your advice. For more jokes follow me
Irony...Dr.Adelglass filming news worthy segment- Victory Pk.ABC this Sunday 11:30am Hi-Def sculpting ,while an artist outside painted away!
I know what women want in a winter coat. @ least 15 things, & the list starts with temp ratings. Who has what we want? ? 11312
Possible resolution #3; try to keep most of the urine off of the toilet seat some of the time
I had a dream #NYGIANTS drafted #Luck and traded him for Matt Kemp WTF!!! Weird ass dream.......
Just ventured out. Still a sheet of frozen slush on NB 169. Saw a MN Dot crew headed south.
S/O to the mothers that not only mother their children but everyone else's also!
Working on a NEED's socially-minded gift giving guide today. Feel free to direct message your suggestions. Thanks!
Ha this rachet bitch tryna smoke with edgar i see you hoe!
Heading to Pittsburgh today for Dan's wedding - and then to DCA by 8am Monday
ill interview with Michal Menert about Music, Snowboarding and life
Offical twitter beef ! Bombs will be thrown its good tyler's short she might not get hit
What will U and the UNIVERSE conspire to achieve today? Speak it and it shall be done!
Oh yeah, the ACC will be my bitch too. Al Golden can't hold my jock.
Cutest date ever , just got to my grandmas, making some coffee :3
I was born with my car attached...HUMAN RIGHT??? so I can walk into a dealership and demand a car? it's my human right??lol
Thank you to everyone who came to the #IHSMDC event last night! I had an awesome time. BIG thanks to for everything!
There was lots of motion at mid... Maybe not all well directed. Thought Roger would kill himself a couple times
Oh that's alright, sleep. I didn't really feel like spending time with you either. I was so much more productive without you.
It's crazy how music can make you feel inside. It is like words of the soul coming together to say everything you can't articulate.
Women in start ups: leverage 1/3 less capital & bring same results; 12% higher revenues in early stage.
Man I just caught myself in a moment
Haha is my background flipping off the camera bout time he is a normal teen
Hanging out in the mall in this Brookestone massage chair with my sleeping bag and backpack until they kick me out for looking homeless.
I downloaded it too!!!!!! :D
- You are doing great things, I wish I could come out and walk for epilepsy but I'll definitely support your efforts.
excuse me Jonny
If it will make them competitive, make the trade, but it needs to be for high prospects. No low-A 24 y/o pitchers.
Me too RT : Curious how Fluvanna's budget/high school woes will affect home buyers' decisions.
Jambalaya Recipe for Mardi Gras You don't have to be in New Orleans for Mardi Gras to enjoy some good, old-fashioned jambalaya. This jamb
is meeting Donald Trump today....rumor has it he likes blondes. ;-)
New DieCutting Blog, Ask, Learn, Get Answers, Express your opinion @ www.mydiecuttingblog.com
"Gangs of New York" Cued up and ready to roll. Bring on the Butcher!
The impossible is often the untried. ~Jim Goodwin
when is enough enough??
Good Morning World! It s a new day and I have alot to do before the night hits. Setting up a smooth weekend.
what's up?! Miss you
#Retweet if you
BELOW THE BRIM is soon becoming animated... no for real...im serious! Bringing our art to life.
please and follow me please
Thank you for being the bestest friend in the WHOLE WORLD!!
Evel Knievel Days by , This Bright River by , True Believers by
KPTV is using the picture under my name. i didnt take the pic. credit belongs to Derek Mitchell
2 of my original poems won the Village of Grafton POETRY PATHS contest & will be permanently etched into the sidewalk...
Somebody has a fetish for purple.
We were just kids in love. The summer was full of mistakes we wouldn't learn from.
“: It's good. Nothing great tho!” Really? Have you had Five Guys burgers? I like those a lot
#10YearsAgo I had sesame street, and pokemon all that kind of stuff and that's it. Everything was a total fantasy.
Occupying the hell out of Olympia.
i still love you.....but i doubt if u knoe becuz of her #Sierra Mist vs Sprite
Sometimes you just have to ... AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!! OK, now I feel better. :)
Nope, only downstairs. I'll have to check out the open mic sometime!
Goose and redbull with a twist of lime makes this girl a happy girl!!!!
Boston loves what you guys do!! Keep up the good work!! Follow us?
Texans are signing Keenum. I'm pleased with this.
“: Re: Good taxidermist?”Greg Kolstad, Sheyenne ND. Shop is called Wild Things.
But I don't wanna go to work today ):
It was good running into a fellow Bentley alumni
I'm high too
my pleasure :-)
calling it a night. more tomorrow...!
I wonder how this world would be if everyone just felt beautful.
This is the Age of Quotation Marks.
Laker fans are classy RT : Avoid downtown of possible. Too many armed robberies going down..
I recall, but unclear your pt in this tweet. (?)
Hey girl what's been up?!
I agree with you, that's why I'm switching to
In Chinese Med Broth made from beef bones is good for your tendons and cartilage.
in a word... Nochanceinhell.... I wouldn't have been my normal witty self had we talked
Overhead a delegate say, "that was easy," in response to the check-in process. So far so good!
I just said hi ahaha!!
*gaspin* cant breathe gimme a sec. RT : #really lol RT : fake an asthma attack. works like a charm...
Boyfriend wont talk to me /;
As you say, see what you want to see, cuz ELWAY's first 13 years based on that formula.
congrats proud papa!
Matinee of Rip.Tide in 5 min! So excited to see Ima and Aba <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
i love you
/ Indeed! The hive is bumpin'...
be safe
Time is Love- Josh Turner <3
www.pledge4patriots.com asks you to join on FB...PATRIOTS PLEDGE
Exam and 2 lab reports to write before the game tonight. Really contemplating burning down Chem/Phys tonight instead of just couches.
why can you and not close a freaking browser window already
Great to talk with earlier tonight! Excited about the great press you're getting. :) It's much deserved!
Doesn't matter...They still can't work out with their new teams during the lockout.
Micro-BID? Never heard of it. Definitely good you're learning more of them. There's gonna be more coming to SD. No doubt.
Don't take what you have for granted you never know when it all can be taken away
So very happy that whose business is online Annotations supports enough to fly out a team for DCcodeathon!
good luck. Travel safe! See you soon!
All happiness depends on a leisurely breakfast. ~John Gunther
my brothers are the biggest fags in the history of fags
Done and done :)
I feel like making a stupid purchase today
I think I'm too old for the VMA's...just can't stomach it!
What's your favorite way to celebrate St. Patrick's Day?
I'm a little confused as to why it's 50 outside and 85 in my office.
Awk how I follow somebody and 1.5 seconds later promo them. wot.
thx always great to read your tweets!
Girls Day at #Milwaukee City Hall!! Networking event inspires young women to have a public service career. #girlpower!
To all the dividend critics: if #Apple actually needed $100Bn cash to build its next great product - THAT would be the beginning of the end
"Big knock Pedro!"
Switching back & forth between Cubs game & the matchup Im most intrigued by this season Angels/Rangers
Hey guys! Please follow us over !
Yes, we are very concerned about the Wal-Mart at 25th st. Many of our board have been active against it.
The availability of information to certain populations isn't a given. Sorry Kreps, but people still manage the info.
Haha! RT : Santorum pulls out of the race. My uterus can come out of hiding now.
The problem with waking up at 2:30 pm in late fall is that it's going to be dark in 3 hours.
what to do what to do what to do
Q7: head indoors before dark or carry bug repellent
Hey baseball fans, take notice of the #WashingtonNationals I think they will be the real deal!
remember when sung You Belong With Me? omg. the things i would do to that boy.
nothin really, you?
This girl commenting on this fb status need to take some time and read the bible cause she clearly don't.
Congrats, congrats, congrats! Break a leg, lady!
Bless Empress!
RT : Good things come to those who sponsor RT Cool to see make cover of Entrepreneur...
we're back! Come down and see the store, the changes, all the HOT new bikes and all of us! We miss you guys!!!!!
Giddy giddy giddy. Not giggidy.
What would you do with an extra $25 this month? Dinner, a movie, maybe a new shirt? Tell us...
Performing LIVE Tonight at the 2012 Spring Fling Festival @ The Sea Port Marina Hotel in Long Beach ! Be There !!!!!
Thanks for the great infographic!
My local paper chose to put an article about Dick Cheney's heart transplant on the Obituary page. Um ...
Make sure you like the words that come out of your mouth
Im tired
Saw a 7th grader from glades on the ship.small world bro
He's nice. I really couldn't get with him before for some reason..... Only song I like was House Party lmfao.
Thank God that dreadful quarter is over!
Marcum: preservation is important, & so few institutions do it well. Digital preservation=key for libraries of the future
...you are now immortal!! thats awesome!!
Yes. What's your favorite song, video, album? Sorry for all those questions just very excited haha :)
Goodnight everyone <3
TEACHER: How many books have you read in your lifetime? PUPIL: I don't know. I'm not dead yet.
saw u in nitido! "BEAUTIFUL!"
Goodnight/Good morning twitteer think I'm going to sleep
You did it to me again, Brian! Damn you and your great game recommendations. Very fun game.
last time studying for art history ever
My dad ate a price of the cookie I made for my friends birthday -.- awesome
lol maybe, but there is no cure
That'll teach ya to stay out of the paint!
WISDOM begins by asking questions. WORK begins by setting priorities. WORSHP begins by sitting in silence.
what r the sausage stats so far? Whos runnin shit?
anyway I suspect jets will be the last use of oil to go. sad, though--dirigibles are great.
Come check out all the games at www.watchnhllive.com just register and enjoy the games live online
#schoolmemories when me and jord took a poll at recess to see who was nicer and she won by 50k votes
IKR! I GUESS I WON'T DRINK AS MUCH LOL
I wasn't playing when I said I was ready to settle down. & I finally found the right one to do that with.
S/O To , Today's His 18th Birthday! Happy Birthday Again! :D
there is no reason for you to make this. You might not like Austin, but that is no reason to make an account about his dad.
anyone interested in sharing links,good clean ones best companies.
Drag my name through da mud watch it come out clean
Well, gas prices are up.
yeah, gonna be a couple weeks though babe :( hit me up next week?
hit me up.
You as well Dr.Richardson
Studying for an algebra test that I should've taken a full two weeks ago.
Creative Brain Storming session at LitFuse... Where do all of these crazy ideas come from?
Happiness is getting home from work & finding the Inni LP/DVD set by Sigur Ros waiting for you. Excellent film by one of my favorite bands.
We're serious. RT are you ******* kidding me?!??!!?!?!? i have been looking for ugly xmas sweaters for so long
GO SEE ONCE. NOW.
Congrats :) RT : What up #panthernation?! I'm baaaaaacckk!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>BOOM<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>
hey now don't get all Cocky! Haha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Ths is another area that mitt romney doesn't have a clue about.We would be in trouble if he were potus, to wishy washy.
I was making my case for LBJ being the best defender in the NBA yesterday. Friend's response: "a superstar can't be the best defender".
I know! Miss you too! How have you been??
just dmed you
more Nuggets slander!? Funny no mention about win over Boston on Sat.. This team will make a run come playoffs
#DominicanRepublic volunteer trip planning in full swing! We do it for those little superstars!!
The lady checking my bag asked if I was a student or found some good deals at half price books. Neither! A lot of #sxswi swag!
If you cried in the 1D store, I'm judging you.
I have faith it will happen.
Not sure on the species, but its positioning looks *way* too close to the house. You'd want that out of there.
Same here! Love it!
The worst vice of the solitary is the worship of his food.
Congrats (Team South) on the big victory. Redemption is sweet.
Locked my keys in my car -_- just put it on my tab
its all about the fundamentals.....takes a look at what college system they came from....
What do you think of our #MadMen style Ebony ad? Maybe something Kinsey would come up with? And shot down by Sterling?
Good morning! Places to be, things to create, words to write....
so is the project! :D
Lol. Sigh. Okay I'll resist. I'll have to find out the details later.
really does bike. All the time, everywhere. How sweet would it be to have the Mayor's police escort on bikes too?
At the DCist happy hour at Trusty's. Have you had a Trusty Burger? Where are you ? Menu =Burgers & . Nuff said!
#Q4Jon What is your view of the success/failure of the federal drug war, and what changes, if any, would you make to current drug policy?
or until they accidentally create a tsunami when their asteroid capture device malfunctions.
I do like biscuits. Especially when they are surrounding a piece of chicken and cheese covered in gravy
Did manningham say we work on feetwork all the time in his postgame press conference?
We're paying out almost $4000 this Sunday! Come get yours by playing in our cash games all weekend. Learn how in the poker room :o)
Lol hat says "I give myself hickies to look cool" ahahahaha
two high school girls cause deaths, one through electricity.
powwow'n it up
Pretty funny but true on the guys wandering around. =)
One out of 3 problems solved. Im gunning for all three by mothers day....even though it wont happen. Ahaha
Ever just feel like ur never gonna be good enough for someone?
I can tell ur busy so whenever ur ready to talk to me im here luvz hope all goes well with ur show 2morro wish I was there !
Dear neighbor listening to the Miami Vice soundtrack. Just WAIT until I get my speakers unpacked and can play Napalm Death.
Today fuckin sucks! I just wish I could go to sleep and have my homie here wit me once again! RIP
Feelin like shit, but I gotta study. That's not what we want.
OUT OF SCHOOL!!!!GOT OUT EARLY!!!!!!!SPRING BREAK!!!!!
#RatetheSOTU A solid 4.5. It was largely clunky, some of his talking points didn't make much sense, & he loses a full .5 for the
Easy: You write good shit. You keep doing that, and you'll keep getting those dollas.
Don't forget to watch at #TOPMANLFW! The show starts in a few hours!
“: #FF to these lovely folks ” awww... Thank u!
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself ~ Leo Tolstoy
well thank you c:
I tried a rowing machine in the gym last night for the first time. Anyone have tips for using it or should i just skip it altogether?
will you follow me please ?(:
Pish posh! Editing takes out all the fun of trying to put out the accidental fires of misunderstanding.
Aceves better out of the bullpen than starting, right folks!
That dog has the crazy eyes!
I kind of want to go back to school just so I can have stimulating conversations about the state of society.
too bad I have no desire to even defend my school, it was so fucked up hahahah
: Hi Tim--r u free for dinner tonight?
I want to hate the mavs in person tomorrow...
You just earn twitter cool points for knowing a Westsider lol
Looking for 2 Charlotte-based copywriters/bloggers interested in PT/FT positions - interested in learning other online marketing skills.
This is a test to NMP Twitter from Omnia
Looking out the office window, there are two women in coats... it cannot be that cold out...
Do you like coupons and getting a great deal? Go check out www.dealshow.com right now, some great items for super cheap!
Time to be a #saturdaylibrarian. Who's with me?
Oh my!!! So cute! Incredible that there can be TWO of such cuteness!
By my calculation I just shoveled about 140 cubic feet of snow. Now I am about 1/5 done. Yay!
James Brown Is Dead - You Me & Everyone We Know
do to I am actually listening to her right now, Beez in the trap
well with this and the game of real life we're just all set to be horrible people.
Congrats on OEM's award from DPI!
That's Merely A Prediction. Don't Mean It's Gon Happen
Still time to join us! Today's Special: Prime Rib 12oz cut w salad & potato for $25. Come celebrate w the Best Prime Rib around....
Omg i didnt see the 1st half i was in the gym playing basketball and football
Need 4 volunteers for tomorrow 9 am--free admission, food, tshirts karma--please email
Woo so many new followers. I feel like a king.
Getting excited when you figure out your mom got cheetos and cupcakes at walmart yesterday.... #fatassprobz (;
Can you please hook up with a CloudShare trial? He's out of dev space on his servers :)
We're focusing on the needs of our customers to give us #inspiration on our future software product ideas! (#Cloud #Hadoop)
Oakland Raiders head Coach Tom Cable punches assistant, ever the Raiders coaches are criminals gotta love that team!!
Altering a quote, and you call yourself a journalist?
Im hurting RT : thanks Dre. Hope NYC's treating you well this wknd.
2 of 2: #Hawks went for value & took Acie Law later in the first round. Oy
#Truuuuuu maybe next year
All I ask is that you go out and get some fresh air before logging on the Internet and saying how much this sucked.
- Cameron Todd Willingham - next question.
One week to Voodoo Macbeth! reserve a seat at
Well I am co-hosting since I reside in RR1. Just setting things up for our fab visitors. Sounds like your chat went well!
Oh. Their strawberry shortcake is also phenomenal.
Here's a more tradition #FF. Have a great day!
Happy Veterans Day. We will never forget what you have done for us!
lol. That ALWAYS makes it better. ;-)
lmfao who brings a gun to a teenager party
cool, thanks, grabbing now
This gone b a good ass series
want a dog get a friend want a friend get a dog
you're so sweet! :)
AIKI approach - acknowledge under conflict, put awareness on source of attack
RT : SA is FULL of extraordinary schools serving disadvantaged learners. See 3rd sector schools at 11 in hall 4.
Wish had the same passion running for Governor as he has being Milwaukee's Mayor. Never was nor will be there.
me too same here in detroit cold one day next sunny andd wake up to snow the day after that lol
A Walk to Remember :)
Things not to shout at a rally: "My feet hurt! My feet hurt!"
new microphone arriving this week! bring on the voicework!!! :-)
which will be in like 2 years or so.
Love the article, Mark! And I'm super excited to shoot with you on Sunday!
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him
I'm god! What about you?
snow maybe tonight. Was actually referring to scheduling snafus for 2nd time this week.
thanks! Yes re show! Soon.
I lived in NYC on 911, and saw my home and my country wounded. #OperationGetBinLaden was important to me!
haters gonna hate right, coach? Mad cuz uofail has nothing to celebrate and hasn't in a long, long time.
All of my friends should be 3
Eli Manning will host Saturday Night Live on May 5th -- and commedy fans worth a watch, he and Peyton very funny !
STILETTOS INTENSIFIES MY CURVES
apparently you spend all your time indoors
find me nigga
come on over!!
Knock 'em dead! We'll be cheering for you.
Hunger is the best spice.
Ugh, ugly crying. The Notebook omg.
Screw vikes broncos lets watch americas game.. Boom
Baseball is 90% mental, the other half is physical. Yogi Berra
she said it's perfectly fine!! :) woot!
Regional bloggers - let's meet for lunch tomorrow and share ideas!
are you going to hoot festt?
My poor cousin! Are you ok?! How did this go down?
Doc gives up 6 runs in the bot. of the 5th thanks to a grand slam from Brian McCann and the game is tied at 6.
I can feel it. Captured me at the very core & it feels right. Challenges & obstacles will not stop me. Relentless in the pursuit.
of course! (:
We are lucky enough to work in a district that doesn't do much blocking.
Following the Spring Conference today with #iabcmnsc. Looks like a lot of fantastic content!
K-12 community of MT, RI, SD, OK, NV & UT we want to hear from you! Contact the SpeakUp team to get registered today!
writing lyrics is crazy
congrats on ND! Ha RT : David Robinson's son is going to play football at Notre Dame...
community night starts n 35 min!! Better get here fast!
Thx Whoosh. #Worried Texting my aunt...
so annoyed banks are trying to rip u off left and right
Biking to work, grilling out & drinking beer for lunch on the roof on an 80 deg day in the middle of March in Wisconsin? Thanks Republicans!
Boodussy . (Booty , Dick , and Pussy)
Back to sleep
Baby, it's cold outside! Let us deliver :) 303-770-3100
are you sure?
It's been a pleasure! Thanks Cory! I enjoyed every moment of working with
Gay is Okay, a matter of fact, its more than okay. HOMOSEXUALITY IS WHAT MAKES THE WORLD GO ROUND.
what a coincidink! All my friends say I am to! But i'm a dude........
gettin ready to go ride in the woods along with 30 other people :) yay
Big plans this weekend?
Pundits can never lose. Give advice and make predictions. If proven wrong, blame it on the candidate for not following their sage advice.
ya!! we'll keep you updated :)
I'm sure there's a good chance of that lol
I would go to jail for murdaa before i let a man beat on me...
I could fill the attic ocean twice with all the saliva that was pouring out of your mouth. Tool(;
what are you talking about? I got a new phone so I didn't text you or anything cause I lost your number
What?!?!?!? >>RT : BREAKING: Police say former NFL star Junior Seau found dead at home in Oceanside, Calif.
I really enjoyed Molokai, but then I like extremely rural with nothing to do but sit and read.
Does your simpolio WP theme support sortable/filterable portfolios?
I don't follow so-called social media
help me with my homework
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US. #MahomiesAreFamily #BigFamily <3. 3
Just dropped some old batteries and a TV at the Southwestern College e-recycling event...there was no line and they are well organized.
Awesome rehearsal today! We didn't skip a beat incorporating Ben into the group! I can't wait until tomorrow!!!
I forgot to pay my bar tab at the DMV
LSU Tigers NCAA Ball Mark Repair Tool
oh lol I meant what brand was it :)
Its not enough of them to play
needs to make an appearance in Miami sometime soon
on it. But first I'll create eac records for all of these trucks and their associated drivers.
I got a cheese shipment coming straight from Holland, courtesy of my awesome dad :) YUUUUMMMMM
Are you not with Mitchell and everyone?
not the
When someone with multiple personalities threathens suicide, can that be considered a hostige situation?
Warriors Kwame Brown undergoes surgery, out 3 months
I got a MacBook pro!! You need one! So worth the money!
and then alistair overeem eats it
Modified modified modified modified modified modified modified modified schedule.
well, stress couldn't wait that long :(
Great producing / editing on this new series.
wish I was braski
People come. People go. Lessons stay.
Woke up in time for !
Any poetry lounges here in Miami?? Let me know so I can check them out.
Good things come to those who wait. Great things go to those who take it.
UGGGGHHHHH no Tarbaby is not playing at the summer DC Jazz Loft series the same night I DJ here. Bout to throw a temper tantrum
Don't blame me I'm just a honest n*gga....
“ Never owned a pair if polo boat shoes but I fucks wit my sperry's !”
Lol apple headphones are too damn loud!
I'm sure there is a reason I don't link my account w/ Facebook. It isn't like I've been listening to "The Essential Kenny Loggins".
kirk douglas was scary just like voldemort
I Do This For The Road, U Know We Getting Slizzled...
yeah! It's really cool to see everything from up there! And your not too high... It's a perfect view !
you spelled pretty wrong
"titling" just looks like it's spelling wrong
RT : Join at THE event of year #ACCSCGala May 4 w/ speakers & Mary Matalin, Silent Auction...
I feel useless and alone. Momma u have to pull through. Ur a fighter. I love you.
What would you do with $50 to the store? Enter our giveaway for a chance to find out! www.Facebook.com/RachelandCo
I hate teleconferences!
Amen bob!
hope you're able to get that pic! :-/
This is beyond sex !
Sacramento friends, tune into Fox40 morning news at 9:40 to see my friend and author Elizabeth Cheryl talk about her new book!! :)
I think the last time I used perfume from an aerosol can I was 5.
Waiting to hear #SaySomethin again! IT WAS SO AMAZING! I LOVED IT!
Why do trends break in subculture first? Because the majority of us are trying to be what we're not.
I read that tweet and busted up!
- I am living vicariously through you. :)
Bobcats went off this year!! 7-59
Working on my message for Sunday and hanging with Peter while Jenni's subbing! He's such a funny kid!
First date no. 12. Rock climbing. This should be interesting...
If your following a celeb on here and you have to beg them for a RT or reply then you are desperate. If they wanna talk to you they would
I love love LOVED reading that. YOU'RE beautiful, my dear :)
It's Sunday. You know the deal. Where else you got to go?
The only thing you can be sure of with the #Raiders is that they will do the dumbest thing imaginable!
I got all these bitches shaking in fear. Quick to talk shit yet scared to come near. ;) just saying
next to.it since peyton didnt play this season
My car needs an alignment, it's been chaotic evil lately
Our #3 is true-believer organizing campaign in AZ to recall bigot Russell Pearce & -
OK...1:30 at Market and New Montgomery. See you outside and we will go from there.
thanks also
What a fun party
So on fire and so in love, that look in your eyes that I miss so much, remind me.<3
New This Week | Four new jobs and three new grants. Find them on the Programming Library homepage.
Go play Robin Hood with somebody else's heart.
Educating bartenders on talking to their patrons about HIV prevention in the 80s. on diffusion at
"TWITTER THURSDAY" WITH THE
life goes on..
yea...i swear it gets me.through!
The quad is like a Fellini film just now: juggling, chalk drawings, George is covered in sweatbands & Celine Dion is blaring for no reason.
Had a very lovely day! Hope you did too ;) Now, I deserve some brownie!
we have tv's playing in in the tech support area and the kitchen. oy.
Happy birthday, !
You can get a FREE copy of Churched by /MPT! Started listening to mine today. Great stuff.
I had no idea the abbey would crush plan B, I was a #DeerInHeadlights haHA! Good times, $1 to Vanessa > $20 to Monica err'day!
MERRY CHRISTMAS! Who's awake and opening gifts already???
can't believe you wouldn't take my calls last night....just bc #Glee was on....
Ashley Bass presenting on ERMS to Dominican University MLIS program in River Forest, IL tonight.
About to shake n shimmy them hips at Florida tribal dance. I miss my belly dancing classes! #metime!
"Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it." ~Leonardo da Vinci
I am making a copy of your note for myself.
giving country music a go..
exactly. I don't see why there would be an uproar. That being said, I do believe in forgiveness.
I need tea and to do reviews.
The movements of massage cause blood to flush in and out of muscles and joints
How I accidentally put #nationalbestfriendday as my # in my tweet to #Smh whatta shame lol #justkiddin ITALIAN STALLION!!
Take off your wings, They could never get you quite as high as I did.
When in doubt, pray. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
#Superbowl Come get your eat & drink on at Coops Bar free pulled pork sandwiches, $3 domestic bottles, $3 Superbowl bombs,
yep. i'll add it. thanks!
OMG are they really? I would LOVE to work for them!
“: Zombies following humans out of the SUB. Watch your back! ” CONSTANT VIGILANCE!!
WALK! Anthony's ridin his bike from Cheshire...you can atleast walk
do u have mw3
How do you mean? Late season collapse?
Sweet Potato fries came out PERFECT! #MasterChef #WhoNeedsACookbook #WingedIt!
thank you SO much for following me!! You don't even know how much this means to me!!
Dareus or Miller ? Broncos fans
It's not going to be easy but #28 will be that much sweeter this year b/c of the struggles.
Yeah for Triple h
make me one!
Ahh the feeling of 35 degrees makes Tuesday morning awesome, excited tor the Big Easy on Thursday
fuck what u want i got what u need
well done for your activism award at #theshortyawards tonight live from the Times Center NYC
When you feel like Your wasting Your fucking Time.
“ roses are red, violets are blue, never say never, and dreams do come true <3 #followme ? :)”
's TWEETS > BREATHING
hasta la vista, homies! Weekend you shall enjoy yes!
Hahahahaha, well have fun with the sleep tonight. :)
Totally understandable! We'll shoot you an email.
I was going insane something was beeping in my house!..... It was my phone :D
Twitter or yourself? I Keed I keed!
hi :D im a big fan of yours :D
it was her ankle i think
woo! The man whisked me away to Vancouver BC for the night and some more celebrations t/o the weekend. How are you celebrating?
do you want to set up a meeting to view the equipment?
Go follow our personals! & :)
I meant your dream lol. Those are very specific details to remember and recall like that haha. Just an observation.
The new dining hall looks great!
A witty woman is a treasure; a witty #beauty is a power. - George Meredith
I love when rain randomly pours down.
Regardless of your political philosophy, you have to respect He is one leader willing to tackle our biggest budget problems.
No prob! : thanks for the follow
Good job last night boys. Lookin' forward to next week!!!
Sure. DM me your e-mail address so we can discuss this in greater detail.
i guess man, i guess.
We're sure. MT I'm verified. This should cure all questions about whether or not I'm real. Although I'm still not sure.
I'm using your beautiful Sea Salts and grinding your Whole White Peppers cooking class tonight!
naw bro.. We gonna do our thing
is Jesus 2.0. So glad your back my friend. Hug for you!
Good Morning you guys (:
i get how #ACOs would eliminate wasteful duplicate testing, but how would it avoid the $3K MRI that told you nothing?
Dream big then wake up and do!!
Oh hey we have the new Decemberists at the station finally.
I am curious to see how the #MiamiHeat will do without
ha aw, i aint trippin bro. Ha just give me a heads up before u release it.
When you criticize the success of others, you prevent your own. You can not condemn others and ever hope to improve your situation from it.
“: Thanks for attending the #CECStartupForecast this morning, 2012 is going to be a grt yr for Chicago startups!” Amen! Great event!
Yea i did and me and Dakari is not cousin
GOLD CHARITY SPOTLIGHT: Intl. Rett Syndrome Foundation funds research for treatments to help find a cure. Visit , #charity,
facebook should make hug, kiss, and rape with a banana instead of just lame ass "pokes"
#Bevelers will be recording in the studio today
it feels good when someone from my pass that i dont respect now see that i dont give a fliiipp about them at all...pay back is something lol
The passing of Amy Winehouse is very sad but not at all shocking. RIP Amy. You will be missed.
Urrrrrrgh!!!!! Yeah, CM Punk
You said it, girl! :)
Listening to old Daft Punk is definitely helping me write this paper right now.
Sentiment is based on latest 10k+ posts if we have that many. If there is a "tawlk score" the window is filled.
having a final on a Saturday <<<<
Almost 5000 tweets! Goosh I rule:P <U+2665><U+2665>
School today .
Honey similar boat here...was going to crash early but if you want to go voice tomorrow....day or night you have my #
Awww! Too bad! It was a pic of a ginger with a beautiful mane getting cut!
I have found life a delightful, fascinating, active, and sometime terrifying experience, and I've enjoyed it perfectly.
Human rights and transnational relations.
thanks. the RT didn't show up in my stream for some reason
The poor needs help now, and I think the president has laid out a workable plan. Now, it is up to the congress to do the people's wish.
My report card was interesting...
Congrats!!! I'm a proud #SAG member too :) Love our #union!
I hope you had a great birthday!:), did you get my birthday text?
it's an awesome twist on Monkey Bread. It's got cream cheese and cin.sugar in the middle! Delish! =)
I'm getting tired of sleeping alone. where is the one for me? we can fall sleep in each others arms. I know everyone loves that feeling.
Listening to 's new album #UpAllNight on :D I can't wait to get the cd!!
similar yes, all natural with vegan and gluten free options. It's our crust that makes a difference: full of10 grains n probiotics
only if we can put a picture of certain people on whatever we are kicking :)
haha awesome did u go?
Do you do anything fancy to your truck for weddings?
If we can see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would modify.
The Autobiography of Maltball X
Leveling up online. Oh the lag! @
so fun meeting you!
Haha, yeah, money's good, but people are crazy and nasty. Mostly nasty, I can do crazy, not nasty though.
The Element is in demand now? What happened?
great #glandzberg reference
Happy homecoming for #Bryzgalov. Great job out West boys
Tacos are the foundation of my food pyramid
harden needs to tell his beard to step it up. Brian wilsons is way more famous
RT : Big Performance at Mississippi State Univ. Tonight....We appreciate all the Love and Support!!! follow
did you find your neighborhoodie? if not, give it up, and get a new one from us. Chad will get it ready for you!
Worried about Social Security? Trust Jesus&live right& He will always take care of you.For I have never seen the [holy] begging bread. Bible
Aww, he went for his daddy
Makes you wonder how civilization got anything done without bacon to power us. I'd like to think bacon got us to the moon.
If you didn't like me then, you're gonna hate me now.
will someone tell me why a lot of people don't like me? I mean I am so sweet and fun. idk why they don't like me. it's like I have haterz.
Shawty, I’m a only tell you this once....you’re the illest.
heh it's ok. I don't think it's a very poplar style of watch right now so I'm coming up short. Oh well.
Going for drinks now in Nancy's room no 509
Physics exam done. Stats exam next.
Wtf! Junior Seau shot himself!?? That's horrible! :'(
I think the #Knicks should trade Amare for Chris Paul to Melo all day!
I want you to play so good that people will throw their babies on the field, ah...
Chips pajamas and a movie.
thanks Gionni. Best of luck!
It's been awhile since I have been here
Oh thank you so much my love. You looked amazing last night! Simply stunning <3 So glad I saw you last night too.
Love how told me she loves boys with messed up teeth....
Don't be too harsh on Mitt Romney. Nothing says "a man of the people" quite like elevators for your cars.
I scare myself sometimes, lol
Awww thanks! and I hope you do more Houswives recaps!
I love Mo!
...JEFF WHO LIVES AT HOME, SALT OF LIFE, FRIENDS WITH KIDS and BLUE LIKE JAZZ.
answer yo phone ! I know u ain't asleep !!!
I think only a vendor partner can get away with saying "I'd love for you to check our back-end" in a business meeting. tee-hee. "back-end"
Who's hungry?! The fire is on and lunch is served! Come down to the LR for happy hour, it starts at 330!
See you in 30! Pastrami....
thanks for following us. We love all new followers! Dont forget to like us on FB!
ok i'll text u
Who's gonna be nice today and bring me bw3s:-)
In that case ;)
coming from thee girl who never texts me back.... i was at work assfuckk.
it was a great game
I need to buy a new video game. Suggestions?
it must be summer
I'm going to the Vegas Foodie Fest!!!
Thanks for the follow man!
I feel like we should come up with some way to merge the two.
thank goodness indeed!
when are you announcing the #lumia winners?
what a great assignment
That son of a bitch.
there're always failures in particulars, I spoke of the world in both absolute and per-capita terms: learn from success, not losers
... in the lives of more empty than useful.
I wish u would stop lying to my son, its hurting him, n makes me want to kill u
and... More strength to do something about it! Praying for you!
What are your thoughts on the #BlackOps2 trailer? Head on to our forums and tell us what you like/dislike about the reveal!
He should try playing for the team that has been overpaying him for 3 years.
My mom is irritating.
Matmos will be at my school soon. Hooray.
"Stay Free Maxi Pads. I see London, I see China, I see a happy Vagina". I'm going to miss Jason Sudeikis. Also great to see Will Forte.
I saved the best for last
Excited for the to invade this weekend!
paper done! now off to club snell. plz let there be good parking spots
Flight to Baltimore on SW and then to Boston. Awesome no hassle airline. Why don't the other airlines get it?
All i know pussy ass niggas better watch dat tone when talkin to a real G foh wit dat bs
yea its real I am shooting the video now.....
Hey! ! Congratulations to you and The Team for Mission Drift's nomination! Well deserved!
Keep Doing What U Doing Cuz I Need U H8trs
no way that sucks!
If we get involved, we can get a co-worker game of tennis going.
my email is back up!!! LinkedIn and FB really came in handy!!!
Thanks for the mention! Dr. Doggett does a lot of great work in our community and state.
I want to try and get envolved in the Christmas Wish even though we are struggling our selfs in this economy.
Have you ever wondered which hurts the most: saying something and wishing you had not, or saying nothing, and wishing you had?
You're more than welcome :) Thanks for allowing ShowClix to be apart of such an amazing event! All the best
hate when people r on Skype but don't answer calls
thanks...I appreciate that.
wondering whether you have the in-know on MD's conservation needs/efforts? since that's where i'm at
I know that times have been rough for the both of us, but I'll pray for a change
Hope you enjoyed! RT: Lunching at any must tries? As much as I love bacon, I'm kinda intrigued by vegan menu option
I think that prediction is a red herring & we need to be focused on those he is losing if he doesn't
I will look and try
#SaySomethin = Flawless , Pure Perfection , && brb, I'm dying because it's so AMAZING <33
BABYDADDY PROBLEMS IS A NO PROBLEM....
i follow U
hey oh nd sorry my phone doesn't get the tweets u send me idk y
A woman who knows her value will only put up with a man's nonsense for so long. You either get right, or you will get left.
Oops, we forgot to announce yesterday's gift card winner, Leia Haley Roberts. Congratulations!
Go insane, go insane. Throw some glitter. Make it rain.
#SignsAPersonCantCook when burns microwave popcorn
I just realized Victoria Beckham is Zoolander, minus the penis and overuse of hair gel...She's Blue Steel & Magnum & then some.
Saw Morning Joe this morning. The Republicans are something else.
Having a roommate who is an actor is the best. One of the many perks, free Broadway tickets
Had a wonderful Easter dinner and settling in for a Lifetime movie night.
no problem c:
you have to know when your the best when I would rather see you than ANY OTHER DJ! <3 your inspiring!
I used to keep a copy of my keys buried at a secret location nearby... somewhat nearby.
Come by, you'll feel like you're at home.
yup I'm going for sure.
RT : If I win the #MegaMillions I will buy a keg of the best beer to everyone that likes or retweets this
#tAGNation Join me in welcoming to the COD Elite Clan, and also to twitter, by the way he's as awful as the rest of us.
#job #LA #Android - Onsite contract near LAX, 3 months -- Good rate! Contractors only please. Link up w/me for details.
Realy Excited,for The New style,for our People Believed.
So, with your Sunday morning breakfast do you prefer orange juice with SOME pulp, LOTS of pulp or NO pulp?
Thanks for following Inner Gate Acupuncture!
follow me hoe
When is the #media going to start challenging #ShittyMitty #Romney about this bogus job creation claim????
“: Still trying to decide who I like less, john edwards or roger clemens. Probably clemens. Vote here.” Edwards.
Bubbletea tomorrow at 5 p.m.?
I NEED to see The Avengers. Soon.
Why the fuck did get rid of OS X support for MeetMeNow???
the easy answer is Newt should throw his support over to Santorum! We are looking at a brokered convention. Good for Obama!!!
yes, exactly. that is so spot on and completely what I meant. don't want me none o'dem babiez.
#TGIF Spokane!! Looking forward to high temps and blue skies this weekend!
Milk was a bad choice.
your making it tempting
Every day, I try to be grateful for something. Today, I'm grateful that is my friend.
GASP! Because I'm going and I heard you were going but I wasn't sure. YAY
Excited to work on accessories for the Matters of the Heart Gala for tomorrow!
since you're having a tweet fest right now can I please give you all highfives at ? Tweet contract?
DId you finish your homework? Study for test?
Terminal Union: what awesome dudes & great musicians! Thanks for having us, we had a blast. <3 Moriah
I wonder if the rat moved back underneath.
i love how my teacher is pointing out that the 80's style is coming back cuz of the teens clothing especially girls.
lol I honestly probably have
Peeta is my neighbor in real life!
Come watch and on YouNow<3 !! HURRY!!!!!
hahah. G.... its like im hearing myself xD ;') <33
I got Jack Bauer, Mike Tyson & Iron Man
"laughing my but off
"I think the Transportation Bill will pass this week." - news for Americas infrastructure and workforce.
well you are saying you not trying to, but YOU ARE
Hate being sick, but i plan on getting better TODAY
At UC Regents Mtg: heavy security. Yudof--we're all in this together, it's Sacto's fault.
hey D look who is finally on twitter ~~~>
Putting on my Casting Director hat tomorrow! We still need o recast the last role!
Follow me on instagram for a follow back..
Sitting in the overcrowded lib next to a guy wearing dirty, smelly socks. I hate the last half of a semester.
To watch the game on NHL Network with HNIC or the Sabres feed. Decisions...
sweet find!
I'm your 100th follower! Stick that in your pipe n smoke it :)
check the legislation for the school and hold them accountable
don't sell yourself short, kiddo! ;)
Will we ever get Andy Dirks out?
Tell Friends and Fam to follow me on Twitter and on Facecbook. Thank you all! www.facebook.com/calisadroitprospect
That doesn't escape me. But his victory last time rested not only on moderates, but conservative minorities.
Good day...
Tonight Peter Linneman is speaking to a crowd of Baltimore's #commercial #real estate professionals here at the Merrick School.
haha your welcome!!!
It's been amazing!
Can't wait for dodgeball Tourny 2marrow Just can't wait!!!
We are running a HUGE 24-hr special just for the bridal show today - come see us at the Brookfield Sheraton to see what it's all about!!
Tomorrow Orientation Day..!This only concerns the new student at Harriet Fulbright College..
Razorbacks might have just lost their catcher.
Time to go home.. Super excited to see my family tonight. I hope I get some rad birthday gifts.
It's literally been flying into windows all morning. So yeah, probably.
Value the people who value u the most and forget the people who dont care about u they're not worth habing u
I'm n that idgaf mood so excuse me if I seem disinterested
Had the realist conversation about #TrayvonMartin at my barbershop.
"The Optimist claims to live in the best of all possible worlds;and the pessimist fears this is true" --James B.Cabell,The Silver Stallion
3 people had JT and flop came A J T. Unreal, I have never seen that.
Oh, hell. Here we go again. --Harry Gant, Stroker Ace.
As usual, a fight ruins a good night.
FIRST I WAS AFRAID. I WAS PETREFIED. KEPT THINKING THAT I COULD NEVER LIVE WITHOUT YOU BY MY SIDE
What is it?
Real Madrid uses Facebook to test content -photos, etc. - before using it in big campaigns. Helpful to see initial fan responses
Blue Bloods is the best show
Happy New Years from Max Muscle ABQ! Come in today for BUY ONE, GET ONE FREE, any item in the store! Today only, and only at Max Muscle ABQ
Come on heat<U+E11D>
Hardly worth a bullet in the back RT : ABC News reports autopsy found Trayvon Martin had the drug THC in his system
#replacebandnameswithorgasm The Violent Orgasms
I cannot believe this is happening..
All is well in Orlando. Are you in south Florida now?
thanks. make good use of those 6 seconds...
thanks for the RT about the new book!
May your strength give us strength;May your faith give us faith; May your hope give us hope; May your love give us love.
yeea.. Mr. Party animal <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
i need some ice cream.
RT : congrats on partnering with we love our awesome members!
Love, love, love From The Langham to the Norton Simon Museum, Old Pasadena and all the great dining, quite civilized :)
: No way! Pure Country was way worse.
After grading a few freshman extra credit papers I'm becoming more concerned about Marquette's admissions standards
it's steamy today, nonstop sun.
Just got finishing watching hell spawn season 1 about to watch season 2 later on.
An interview is not an opportunity to pour your heart out. Be brief, business-like and focus on key points. Focus on the job.
Ah I cannot deal with this. Yesterday was such a happy day and today is just blah. Oh how I wish I could erase what I saw today.
is gonna show y he is on a level the no #QB has ever been on im predicting 5 tds with 400+ yards qbr.130
Proud to announce a new level of geekery from our household last night: I got to play Minecraft with me!
ohk(: thnk you im gnna go check it out(:
back to song-writing today. Finishing up lyrics on a new track. I will play an un-plugged Ustream soon promise !
I think Deepak is correct, about leaving yourself an open space...I just fell through mine.
Heading back to #LosAngeles this morning after some productive meetings in
Thanks for the +K. Much appreciated
Just hoping for the #Brewers to wake up as a team and have a run like they did last August. what do you think?
Happy Wednesday Everyone!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 45
Eating a delicious dinner at the incredible Red Rooster in Harlem. Across from me is Isaac Mizrahi. No big deal.
ugh...can't wait to take an official vacation..until then, someone pour me a drink
Happy to announce Mon will be the debut of our new exec. chef Ben Lieberman (formerly at Burlap). Welcome to the family Ben!
i hope that they interview kobe
by media lists do you mean stalking SHAQ?
Make sure to keep us on your radar for the NFL season ....we will be giving away great weekly prizes.
I love benadryl. Couldn't live without it.
Energy connecting with energy.
now that's a writing session!
": Thanks for the support. Wait till you hear my new music tho. #straightcrack" can't wait mydude!
Don't even know what it stands for
Dear the next 2-3 years, Please hurry your ass up and get here! I want my babe!! Sincerely, amber
Yup. Sounds pretty perfect.
The second half of nicki minaj's album is good, first half not so much.
What are the bulls fans gone do now that d rose is out
I am here for your workshop but can't find anyone!
Watching Fox News at hotel in Denver- SO boring compared to ! are the best!
VERYY NICE :D
I swear bad weather makes everyone else in a bad mood.
OMG! Can't wait for the release of Photoshop CS6 Extended...the 3D effects are pretty sweet.
Raise awareness for a phony campaign to raise money for a floundering non-profit? Good idea. NOT
oops...my bad, meant to say, nice site and thanks for the follow.
Awesome! Thanks for visiting The Lube!
I'm sure if we dug deep enough we'd find out the Kochs own Domino's or something
Finally finished with districts
Bad day for the saints
I guess Ray Lewis' epic speech worked. #Stanford worked #Minnesota to win the NIT. So women, ball's in your court.
Charles, who the hell is Ko Brine?!? Enunciate!!
THIS IS OUR VENGENCE
Pretty sure the combo or drugs I took last night was what killed Health Ledger.That or it was all that BrokeBareback sex with
another justin bieber fun huh???
Buying about 20$ worth of merchandise(: #thatswhatsup!
Lol You Dumb Big Head
Irvine spotted at Trooper's. I'll check the paper. Just saw a tweet about Rest. week. I'll add Louee's to my "must try" list.
where's that party going down? I wanna go.
Apparently it's the 'in' thing to be a #Tommie at the EP
#IntlBeerDay : Aviator Belgian Trippel, Carolina Brewing Co IPA, and the Champagne of Beers.
omg I miss myspace lbvs I wish it never changed /:
Play me, I great at drawing ask
I give up on you. I cant believe I actually tought I had a chance.. Well Goodnight Beauties<3
Always there with you and for you!
Questions about travel to Thailand? Questions about volunteering abroad? We're online for the next hour to answer! Just ask!
An hour to kick off and I have plays posted from 130 cappers so far with 4 consensus from thier plays and more to come..Off a 1-0 Friday
it was good seeing you too bro! You tore it up Friday night! Let's definitely talk business soon. Big things my man, big things!
Yea id keep hagelin on the 1st line to with 3 turnovers in the 1st period too
haha! I'm so happy it's cold and I can use my sparkly mug ;)
Thanks for noticing our local produce. And even more thanks for telling your friends!
Just got notice that us comin to KC in Feb. Can't wait! Tix on sale Friday!
To President Obama ... good for you for finally supporting gay marriage!! It was probably political suicide, but it's a noble position!!
Smith proposes #CTSA community agree on small set of ontologies endorsed (w/o or with reservations), identify developing & needed onts
Did you know? Blank journals used to be called "commonplace books." - of at
Happy Administrative Professionals Day! Who are you thanking today?
I don't think Santorum realizes that winning each argument is not the same as winning the debate.
It's Happy Hour! I'm playing some Woody Guthrie, come on in!
stupid, stupid cold.
I swear I will completely forget why I was mad an hour later
Can I find it online at 's website? McGinn has KZ going No. 21 to the Bengals in his mock draft. No Konz in first.
Dear Unfollowers i dont like you.
You don't have to film Q&A, we love hearing ANYTHING you have to say, to be quite honest (:
for the definition of Ni**a/Ni**er 1st in italicized letters "negro" then it says any member
Check out our Digital Blue Ribbon App for iPhones and Androids. You can change a life through the power of acknowledgement.
Is it just me or is 2012 starting to look like the year of Amazon?
it can't be as bad as me -.- why isn't merm sick?!
Let's go nuggets!
Jeez I need a new computer.
We got our SXSW app in yesterday!
I want some orange juice
You're young! Where are you from?
good show today I'm an addict. One day I'll be on NCIS. it's what I do in feel life. I think I'd be pretty good
yeah.. it just seems like an easy word to pronounce. darn lisps
Teaching marathon today at Hanson Music Studios. We are extremely proud of our students. We love what we do. www.hansonmusicstudios.com.
too many come backs, not enough time. No pun intended.
I do love my iPad - great apps for marketing and design..
Take it a step further...this type of #depression in men can also lead to #violence, domestic violence, child abuse, etc.
What ya got for us? RT : Hart worse then Weeks right now At least Weeks walks & makes his at bats worth while b4 striking out
I'll give my all to you. I promise I will never lie to you boy.
Aye. Just a finger for Afellay. Pull it back, tape it up and let the boy play.
Riding my scooter with a WBEZ knapsack, I feel like a cliche. It could be worse: I could have a tote bag, I suppose.
got some sparklers and poppers, getting ready to celebrate independence at Dogwood Dell!
Well here we go off to breakfast, then work!!!!! :)
yo what's good. U familiar with FOKUS? We had an event at Scratch last week.
rachet boy hey
I'd feel like I felt after I had to watch Black Swan...angry, ripped off, disappointed and confused
Girls + Colored Skinny jeans. >
I'm so excited its that! The Zulu Ball
About to head to the gym for an afternoon workout. Looking forward to having some fun!
#mydumbinjury Sprained My Ankle Going for a wide open Layup!
I heart Dallas and will miss it very much. No more jogging on the Katy trail =( No more hanging out at Starbucks in Uptown.
Ha. Wish I could have helped up the quota. Good to ski with you up there.
#iGetUpsetWhen Our country is going down the drain and Washington DC is doing nothing...
We will be at the rutledge tonight for the music city metal awards. Looking forward to hanging with our buddies.
nutty bars, nutty bars and nutty bars
we are using Jinghua. Is that what you use?
I'm so excited! AND I JUST CAN'T HIDE IT!!!!
My wife said Lacee stutters because she wears those teeth straighteners.. right....
appreciate the share. We think you'll enjoy what we have to offer.
A question I hear 10 times a day at work: "sup, do y'all got dem beats?"
Guess I'll go back to slee
About to see what kind of deals i can get at stadium gm in salem ohio
Not only that, but folks, we've got a logo and a whole new visual design about ready to roll.
Listening to these girls talk about how they would never even talk to a boy without money because they "have needs"...pathetic.
be sure to check out our Talk with Amy Benson today at 4:30 in room P-206! Co-sponsored with SCoSAA!
it was freaking ...its all your fault...his account was hacked first...
follow me please!! :)
All the clubs in Hollywood are really slow tonight, maybe everyone is burnt out after Lure's opening last night.
yep also he's not white
You should check it out! Beginner lessons are on Mon & Fri before the dances. It's a great time - & everyone was new once!
Ugh. Midnight stomach pain and feeling like I'm going to puke are the worst. Wtf.
i think people write best when they're happy but think they're writing best when they're sad.
swag swag swag on you
took the rest of the after noon off from work ; hopefully i feel ok by manana
Always have a diagnosis before you start treating the problem. Thoughts?
nah, we're a band from Texas. working on franchise tax mumbo jumbo for State of California right now...
And i'll be busy this saturday so.... ;)
Seems kind of Rube Goldbergy to me. But it works!
Just sent out a post - hope you find someone!
A 'Bama win tonight would make the September match up with even more exciting for the wolverine faithful...
Welcoming Jodie and Pete. THANKS for the L <3 VE
Josh is so cute:)
A strong core prevents back pain and improves your balance & posture. Try out some yoga to tone your midsection!
What kind of veggies do well in Vermont?
Happy Friday! ~ There has never been a better office communication system than the coffee break.
You were a total HPIC! Booty shaking with a bunch of fine men : )
#Wisconsin thanks you for your support of !
I think the Charlie Pride biopic would be more interesting in my book. RT : Lena Horne could be great
Heading to Chicago tomorrow! Counting the moments...whoo-hoo!
Try to keep busybusybusy.
I spin at Playhouse tonight!
Many are hesitant of the 12 steps and the "god" issue
Think that's true about any number of practical effects from the 80s and 90s. CGI generally has much shorter shelf life.
I speak my mind and I don't censor it ...
That version. My tears. It is so beautiful! :,) But it ends way too fast!
Cig butts, bottle caps, styrofoam and single-use plastic bags all have something in common: 15 min life, & plastic clogging our planet.
I love SMILE!
Great! We'd love to have you. Please email for info about meetings. Enjoy your day!
Did you know you can "check in" at most gyms that carry KoreFit? Try it next time you hit the gym using #FourSquare! Leave us a tip too!
Great seeing you and T. last night--I told her the story of how your phone was the first smartphone I ever saw, circa '01.
like our chances better with Vargas. but League has got to get untracked
Looked this morning and saw that we were #25 on the LA/OC charts for blues. WE"RE ON THE FRONT PAGE!!!! Thanks for everyones support. ...
implus soccer shoes
1 FUCKING MINUTE! SERIOUSLY STOKED! :D
Don't judge me, you can't handle half of what I've dealed with.
If she takes the eoc she too young for you bro ;D
Meanwhile, what to eat hmm
RT : As much as we need a prosperous economy, we also need a prosperity of kindness and decency-–Caroline Kennedy
Talkin' Drake women's basketball. It must be a slow night. (:
thanks dear!
If you're going to do chew on the bus, fucking do it right. God damn.
Yeah! Haha! How are you? :]
#ItsCrazyHow She always got something to say about me but I don't know her -_-
Thanks so much, Scott! Appreciate your insights... Enjoy your weekend!
i'm sorry Penn got fired D is pretty but wtf Penn was doll good looking forward to Howard tomorrow am Rt back?
Thanks! RT:“: Happy (early) Mother's Day!”
Why the hell are we fighting about damn cats.
I'm pretty sure I never even got one!
SO, the food truck is Chef Robert's...He's in from Hollywood for the #tomcruise movie.
Yeah...lights still out.
why can't you?
Listening to Rick James super freak
Selena's first tweet was sent on March 8th 2009 at 8:24PM and her first username was
'I'm not like most guys.'-most guys.
Thank you u r quite an amazing woman.
I felt so hard in the #USMC oooraahh RT : I respect whoever allowed women into the military. Girl on period + gun = unstoppable.
I am the calculator. You are the number.
Motorola Photon Q 4G LTE heading to Sprint? - IntoMobile
what's dude number again
Listening to people laugh in another room is one of the things that tortures me the most.
is signaling his intention to turn, turn, turn.
Was a great talk last night at Tampa. Really appreciate you coming down. Scary apps!
whats up man! Enjoy watching you play. Was great working w. you at Athletes Performance.
welcome! hope you had a great day.(:
Join us tonight to watch a performance by Scrambled Eggs, Maybe Scrambled but Never Broken. Details on www.namisandiego.org
quick session <U+E056><U+E106><U+E30A>
What's this about and who is this?
Addy winning entries from Wayne Calabrese, Julie Garland Clemeni, and our buds at the
all this to keep your fire cert active?
“: Q5/Q6 I also want to know if their idea of what the job is matches what they wrote in the ad. (Often, no.) #libchat” true!
How about a breakfast sandwich for 25% off? Sounds good doesn't it? Show us this status or tweet now through Saturday to take advantage
Hahaha if your lifes a movie then your my favorite movie ;]
- Isn't it though? Love it.
Even on mothers day, kenwood is packed. Yuck.
did you receive our MSG?
Would love to hear your perspective on the Wall Street Front line, if that's where you are?
Had a school project and I put , , and Alex in it ;D
I have a nice time texting you .
very nice
show me the light
Psalm 10:18 "defending the fatherless and the oppressed, in order that man, who is of the earth, may terrify no more.
each ship or unit has their own definition of deployment and length of time. Just because smaller boats can't go out as long...
If they matter to you, don't make excuses...make time for them. No accomplishment can comfort you like the people that love you.
A BIG CONGRATULATIONS to Paul Johnson, Betty Barrett, and Megan Titus!
The time suck that #drawsomething has become...is so worth it! Best game ever!
We are walking for children's hunger and fetal strokes. Rain hasn't started...yet.
Searching for the reserve of energy that is going to get me through next week.
Can't wait to text my bf in the morning (;
My catholic high school just sent me an email for my birthday and called February, my "feast month." that means I eat everything in sight.
Thoughts about this whole Kayne West/ Taylor Swift controversy?
That's
Lol, nobody's gon ever question his talent, just his heart and will to win
My Dude! DL'ing Now...
They're always sorry in the end. Lesson: Cherish me while you have me.
To provoke laughter without joining in it greatly heightens the effect
Its #acceptable and #cute when #babies #fart...how come not when old people do it? Hahahaha
lol, where u been at? u missed one good ass party
:-) RT : If a middle finger is fuck, and a thumbs up is yea, a middle finger with your thumb out is fuck yeah....
- Thanks, Mike! Hope you had a good trip back, great to see you at the close this week!
3 hours is too long. We can provide an oil change service in usually 20 minutes and the State Inspection in 10-15 minutes.
four drawings. one study. four coats of underpainting and sanding. hours of deliberating. okay, adam: time to take a swing.
...but being left with the feeling that parents need to buy a pile of stuff is painful.
hey awesome! Where?!?
Enjoying the tablets in libraries presentation from
And re : "He can make sentences crackle with an intensity and humor not seen since David Foster Wallace..."
Excited for the beyond Facebook and Twitter panel lead by
its just Thursday
Envious of Smash Mouth's film royalties and wracked with self-hate by their own inability to have 1 original hit, Alien Ant Farm lashes out
just looking through London pics .. I WANT TO GO BACK!!! Trip round 2
Magician Landan Swank makes it through to AGT Final. Good, it won't be full of singers again. I usually don't watch past the semi-finals.
I steal 's RT's and tweets and sometimes put them on facebook...xD
April 15 we are playing at The Triple Rock! Its for Take Covers final show.... And well be playing new songs!
God, please give me strength.
Guess I'm showing up to Monster's Arcade today.
Playstation 3 "Everybody Dance" at the Enrique Iglesias ft Pitbull concert was fun. On to the next booking!
Life is way too short! niggas is dying from bad health freak accidents and gotta worry bout these hating ass niggas tryna kill em!
Saints players looking at suspension? Coach gone one year. GM possible federal charges ? Drew Brees unsigned? Why punish the fans?
I am ready for tomorrow. I have a plan. And I accept that sometimes plans change! I am open to possibility.
I’m the type of person that tries to fall back asleep in the morning just to finish a dream.
ARGH SWAP COUNTRIES i think so! annd i know!!! :) man tell me bout america
U r a-w-e-s-o-m-e, what does that spell?...it spells u did it..u really did it, yeah...u fu**in did it..u really did it...u fu**in did it.
GOP Rep. Bob Gardner says separation of powers and legislative powers at issue here, not just school funding.
I don't give a fuck about his stupid profile picture now
congrats!!!! Texas will miss you! and I will have to come visit you our next trip to NYC.
Bye Bye #Flyers. Love, The Pittsburgh Penguins.
it's my favorite inbound marketing movie!
this game is driving me nuts! Flying to Denver to save the day!
Awesome, felder is the man.
Just bought a bike from at #namny Can't wait to bike to work tmrw. Thank you Patrick! Everything about my bike is lovely.
did u see it!?? Whooa baby i love Tony Sparks.
You'd think after your millionth speeding ticket, you would stop speeding.
My friend Ranjan says that Hillary Clinton is perfectly understandable as a combination of Tracy Flick and Tonya Harding
As an advocate for injured workers, I hope to shed a little light on the issues in Wisconsin worker's compensation law.
not only that but he's fighting people NO ONE has ever heard of!!
If u didn't know, UFC 145 Jones vs Evans tonight 10pm east coast 7pm west coast. Now u know!!!
Cosmo poll reveals women find men who write paragraphs about The Avengers sexually irresistible.
well...haha. When I follow someone, I want them to follow back (: lol. But yeah..u guys r cool (:
heeyyy!! Follow me too please!!
FYI March is frozen food month and there will ridic sales at your local grocery
What u gone be on ???RT : Out south for a day or 2
this family member was able to confirm my census findings, and found out more info about my gg grandfather... #genealogy is so worthwhile..
Brenda Song hasn't strayed away from ABC... Sorry thinking like an actor.
Melo is the difference maker -- if he has a monster game, they're in it. Anything short of that, even w/ Lin, is a loss.
Waitin On Breakfast....
I dislike zaxbys RT : Just came from there lol RT : I want some Zaxby's
Please follow me it would mean so much to me for you to follow me I look up to a lot :)
It goes quite well! I see you're in California. Where abouts?
Niggaz starting to HATE on #YOLO jus because they ain't come up with it ya'll some
Casinos are fun
:] friend time is more precious. Hm. Should probably do this more often Lol he gets all jumpy ^__^
#MentionYourCrush and cause I can't choose only one and yolo.
Preschoolers building games on screens and playground tar as intro to computer programming.
No, I don't actually know what you're sayin,
Will you stay "fit" during the holidays? Sierra Fitness certified trainers help plan your workout/celebrating mix. Call now! 520-577-9000.
ah Friday. ready for a fun and relaxing weekend.
Thank you all for your friendship & support! cc.
InSpotter app taps into the spirit of Whatever Works for you – from the new hot spots to well-kept secrets
After NE got their appeal why shouldn't everybody else?
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence”...
Yeah that's fine randomly stop texting me back!
Shout out to one of our Awesome Clients! Bag of Candy=Office Breakfast!
Search Bing, earn credits toward rewards. Join Bing Rewards to get started. You'll help me get a few bonus credits too....
Things will only change if u make it change.
Today is my Friday! I want to shout it from the Twittersphere rooftops!
I'm talking eating gold cheerios for breakfast just to make my lunchtime poop look fancy.
in the movie magnolia they said it sometimes rains toads
Apparently there is an Australian billionaire who's going to build the Titanic II...did he not see the movie?
Super successful brainstorm with Big things coookin...
El Paso, TX doin it Big Time! Having Big Big Name artist here! Houston's Attractions will lead the way! Everywhere else too! SMG Venues!
East Coast! Hope you're tuning in to right now for #MaryMary new hit show!
Tnight on 10 Talking to the candidates of District 35's Special Election on Tues., plus your snowy Monday!
Those days when Disney Channel had :Thats so Raven , sweet life of zack and cody, And The little Mermaid. ware those shows wernt annoying!
we're loving your blog recently. Especially the New Years photos!
i feel like an open can of F%CK this morning...
happy birthday ya cougar !!
I think its because he doesn't fit into the mold of the team. They now have their outside the box thinking Md and cute tech girl.
I wish you health, wealth, happiness, love, serenity and peace my Twitter Friends! I wish you every dream you ever dreamed;
Thank you for this! #heweb11 was fantastic!
thanks for the luv!!!!
RT The #StraightEdge Savior : Straight Edge vs Vegan. Who you got?!
Justin I choose the shirt: Tweet # justintee2 very beautiful and swag
She let me in and never wont to let go :-)
me too (all late about it)
Rebel America lands song placement for NBC's - Super Bowl XLVI Pregame Show. Congrats to Songwriter - Derrick Shine!
I am tired of thinking about you.
Chicago Iron Cupcake? That sounds intense and delightful all at the same time :)
Think I might change my username and my profile picture.
I really want to sing at the top of my lungs right now, but then everyone would wake up and interrupt my alone time.
Good thing we traded Marshall for that guy pitching in the minors.
Faith Is An Act! #Dr. Lester Sumrall.
RT : The paper & forest products industry plants more than 1.7 mil trees, thats 3X more than whats harvested
When you focus on doors that have been closed, you never realize when new doors are opened for you.
No that's you "multi-taskin'" in KW LOL!
I wanna thank you also for giving me the chance to meet u this year 2012, is ur year to shine :)
"You'll see what I mean, but first tell me. What is the moment you're the most proud of?". He said "the day I saved the governor's life"
Possible im about to run a meeting not sober... Possible
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ENJOY YOUR DAY
Life is too short to stress yourself with people who don't even deserve to be an issue in your life!
Good choice. Their team isn't quite ready to compete yet. How about the Mets though?
Does anyone like it when it rains? -I love it!
I'm not hating! I want Miami to win! #Realtalk RT : He isn't. But keep hating Knicks fan. Knicks in 9.
This Sunday is Mother's Day! What are you doing for your mom this weekend?
Aww, sneezing pandas. They really are cute, aren't they?
umadbro? just wait... just wait
Support Peace Not a Party
love you
Driving through Fitzlandia with , Anna and Brooke. Hello Horicon!
We make ourselves a ladder out of our vices if we trample the vices themselves underfoot.
It's time to go for broke ..., give TEBOW this season to show anything if not suck for luck .... It's a win win !!
I was wondering the same thing...
sorry I'm taking
Hustle hard and Have Faith. I'm always down for my fans... no matter what. Remember that. LMS IF U FEEL MEH!
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. ~Mahatma Ghandi
God bless this beautiful country! I walked outside early this morning, trees are in full bloom, looking at the lake, and birds are singing!
Watching TV
jeeezum what were you thinking?!? ;)
digusted that I can't even listen to the game now
Playin Assassin's Creed on my Ps3
I <3 haters. But hate critics
No I had to sell it to get some money for my crack. Hahah yeah. I do.
great 21st birthday gift!! #WVU WINS!!!!!!!
Omg, guess what did my bestie brought to school today?..... Yes guys, A PILLOW! She is crazy lol but her pillow is confy :-)
Yes, I remember things got particularly nasty.
just when I think i have every thing figured out I randomly happen across the video of Bruce Hornsby's Walk In the Sun and realize I don't.
War Eagle!
At chris's house c:
#Roger Ebert's tweet about Ryan Dunn was inappropriate and wrong. But he shouldn't be censored...
I wanna go out
Check the new organ in our rehearsal space.
lol forreal! It's gon be hotter than meek mill's dream chaser 2!
Understandable. There are many positive sides of going with WordPress, it's always good to have options. Thanks for coming!
Aw thanks for the support!
Triple Crown winner Omaha lost the Wood, as did Monarchos (2001) & Funny Cide (2003), both of whom finished 2nd but went on to win the Derby
why do i know nothing about this reunion? i probably wouldn't go without you anyways.
Presenting at National Conference: "Literacy Enhancement for Early Readers:Playful Literacy Classroom Activities"
heard it was a resounding success! congrats!!
He's moving to Miami u idiot.
Reason I need an ipad: been using 2 macbook pro computers to review grant applications all day. 1for reading &1 for note taking.
If Doug gets a new twitter handle, please tweet it out so we can re-follow him. Keep up the good work. thanks!
Of course my nails got messed up while I as was asleep #why # how
Good luck in your race today!
I wish I could be at your Pomona show tomorrow, but school won't allow me too. Bleehhh....see you on your solo tour! <3
any time. all the times. rt first thing i've written for myself in way too long. thanks for the chance to do it
Sad day... “: In 26 playoff series, this is the 1st time the Mavericks have ever been swept.”
Yankees have the le.... Oh wait nevermind Nunez fucked us
thanks baby. <U+2764>
Ready for Sunday brunch at ! Mimosa me up!
Good to see Ron Paul is still awake.
If Broncos win,I will puke.
So since abc canceled #Gcb they better pick up something good to replace it. B/c I enjoyed that shit.
The commercials are the best part of the Superbowl. #nojoke #imsexyandiknowit #m&m's
#ispendwaytomuchmoneyon gas. I need a bike.
WOW mule kick burpees really? I need to look those up RT : Have now decided p90x2 NOT FOR ME! Mule kick burpees why??
Smith-Rowsey: 3 charcteristics features of the smartphone interface: 1. postmodern (swiss army knife of bourgeois flaneur)
Rondo is real
So sated was I by its approval. I slightly stole her thumb's removal. Sadly, I did not survive the spider's rendezvous.
I just wanna see you boy.
Lily picking Bart is so confusing. She cares about Chuck so much, Bart was such a dick. Scheming Lily, perhaps?
Enjoyed hearing CMOs of and speaking about #marketing strategy at the March event. Good work Charlie and team!
If you want good food and beer for a deal, come check us out on 11.1.11! 30th anniversary! We're off of Fairbanks.
next time! He wants to make additional visits.
the Louie Vutionn background. I'll take any suggestions you have to offer. Thank you Nationwideclass. Tweet! Tweet!
In need of a perm ASAP.
It's really gonna be 2 on 5 without Bosh, but I think Indy takes game 2.
Hulk vs Superman. go ahead try and decide who would win ...
Promote your training. "If you build it they will NOT come," unless it's mandatory or compliance tng. Consider email or video.
oh right you are here to be covered with laurels!!
cant wait June 3nd, show's gonna be crazy.
Also, I <3 the messages I get at bar close ever so much.
Sorry Gio. Both were PKs. Both reckless challenges. RT : Can you guys pls comment on awful PKs against #IMFC in back to back weeks?
So then you admit he really shouldn't have signed with #Orioles? The argument should be the #Orioles shoulda signed him.
Facebook found new & awful way to make this marketer's life harder re: Event invites. Any other #LAThtr peeps frustrated? Solutions?
BRICS ready to flex muscles at G20-IMF meet - Outcome Magazine (blog)
fanny pack extenders are fucking brilliant. They come with a special grease resistant lining.
My apologies Jaime. Everything else saved except for the lineups. It will be taken care of and ready for this evening. tx u.
I don't do any vulgar movements. - Elvis Presley
Me too! My daughter and I love their chocolate bars w/the crispy rice. Yum!
watchin Mavs Celebration Parade, checkin' out my boyz & doin' their thing...AWESOME JOB {thumbs up/clap clap clap}
if we both got out of work before 5pm we could go adventure at the beach
My inbox knows I am waiting for an important email. It is taunting me with an abnormal amount of spam.
it's always a pleasure when i visit, thanks for being awesome!
#WeWontWorkOut if you won't go rabbit hunting with me
Cam Newton looks like the real deal
yes.you.should ***yeaya***
done w/ college?? that's a scary thought.
Damn, i would totally go see in indianapolis if i was old enough to get into a bar. #FuckAge!
#newspaces4learning It might help the matrix become more real
Indicate the time and place where we shall duel, good suh.
good morning :)
We would love to have you back! Call the store at 512 236-8645 to make sure your credit is still in the system.
I'm all for the Sabres dealing Derek Roy, but unless you're getting a center back in the deal, it's counterproductive.
BTW I need to bring you some Resurrection in a can.
happy birthday to Jesus!!
Do you have the time? Do you need the time? Well come on in - 20% OFF ALL WATCHES AT STUFF!
Rest In Peace
Its a Fast Times night
This makes me one happy camper. :) Gracias! RT : made about 2 dozen too many … bringing cookies to work/class :-)
I feel SO horrible right now
You're welcome Katrina! Have a good day!
working on a presentation, graphics are not my strong point.....
can I join you
#WorstFeeling is when I'm out of Paint! I Love creating Art!
That awkward moment when u start telling a story & you realize no one's listening, so u slowly fade out & pretend you never said anything.
At a local coffee shop where two 8ish yr old girls are flipping through LA's gay rags while discussing kittens.
Head on over to for lunch today! #allyoucaneat buffet for just $9.95/FL residents! 701 Washington Ave. on SoBe.
Good girl gone bad.. I can't blame you.
Can't wait to have you stay with us! Will this be your first trip to San Diego?
not at this point. We are still working on expanding international distribution. Komaki and Great Wall are the closest to you.
popcorn.js Virtual tour release to come soon!
You mad? Lol RT - So I Be Mentioning Yall Hoes & Yall Too Good To Respond Back? O_o Kick Rocks... <U+263A>
"Makin goals just for fun!" That's what a youth just spit during the open mic. Nice.
Is that a pimp?
After 12 hours of work I'm finally at my 3rd home. :P Watching Twilight with Cory's parents :)
Who wants 2 B on my radio show? It's about all things Self-Esteem. National radio show. Attention self-esteem advocates - I'm coming 4 U!
Lol. Psh, I'll pass on that. Just gotta survive the summer. I'll still have like 6 wks. off w/o school. So that's still something.
Getting my hair done always just makes me feel better, even though I hate sitting in that chair! -___-
Have Pandora Music Radio going, and playing Mindjolt Games. this is going all night.
I KNOW YOUR CREEPING! FOLLOW ME! :)
loved the message from this morning!! "Hearts Wide Open", its time to get out and show compassion to our circle of influence! :)
UFC fight Sat., Nov. 21, on zillions of high-def screens. C'mon down! $5 cover & tons of drink specials.
You should rape my follow button and help me get to 800 followers while I get in your bed. Deal?
well if you insist....
John Wall dance bc EVERY1 did it, unibrow, 3 goggles bc it's lasted 2 years now, then Jorts (my phone just auto capped Jorts)
It is 7 pm still at the doctors office not bad only 3 hours sofar.
It sounds like fun, I'll def try to make it! And I'll see you tomorrow FOR SURE! :-)
“ Where my boo at?”< Right here
close the highway because Obama is coming?
Orioles JJ Hardy & Markakis hit back to back home runs twice in the last two games! O's HR's = baseball interesting.
When you’re going around with a big logo on your shirt, you risk looking like a walking billboard. Lose the lame Logo shirt and go for...
EVERYONE HAVING A GOOD NIGHT?
It's funny when people get on twitter trying to regulate shit and they don't know what they're talking about... relax your limbs.
I am good-and you??? got a few events comin up-lets talk soon!
“A huge percent of gay men in school grounds molest boys, partly because they don’t have AIDS yet" ???!!!!
America is founded on the principle of freedom, justice, and liberty for all. Our nation's soldiers serve every day to protect our country.
Travelin' Man! (thx for being such a great influence in our industry!)
Have A Lot Of Homework.... -_- I hate Math! D:<
Urgh so lucky! I wish I can get tan but I can't b/c I have fare skin and is so easily to get sunburned.:(
Heading to a same day audition with at least three medical terms I didn't know pre-Googling.
there arent a lot of people playing? are there?
I hope everyone has a great Christmas! So easy to get caught up in the hustle this time of year.
thank you S!! That's so kind of you. I hope we'll stay in good email touch :)
#know12 You don't get old in the CIO job. Don't get a lot of time. Have to "get off the beach"; can't stay where we are. Unsafe either way
have seen it at a few places in Buffalo.next time I am there I will pick you up some..pretty odd. refreshing. Like a shandy
good afternoon soilders! let's get hastag crazy huh? c;
When you are not getting the results you want, stop focusing on the tasks..focus on the expectation/the value underpinning...
Keeping a smile on my face.
Mac's are just more fun! Even when they've outlived their prime service, I keep them around as pieces of art
MERCY! It is 80+ inside the house. Don't worry, I'll stop whining about the heat by September.
Why would someone turn the heater on when it's 80-90 degrees?
RT Tonight is the night for sosaveme - Ichthus Festival 2011 (Edge Stage)!!! Come see us tonight 8:45PM!!!!
I think I see political views and language views match in terms of their generosity of spirit, but I haven't studied it.
Please share your internships with www.hrjobboard.com for our future HR Professionals.
After looking like the '99 Badgers in the first half, USF looks like the Running Rebels circa 1990.
Vocals are good, awesome guitar playing btw! I love your song "What I Strive For" <33
great, thank you Liam
Thanks Bianca! Did you herbal chance to read the first two on Roquefort and St. Nectaire?
Meet me by the lake at 10
what up broski?!
app RT:: New to the world of the iPhone. there any iPhone apps I should download to aid in all my SGP desires?
D. None of the above
I understood nothing repeat
someone. should text me
S/O to at the 2012 white house correspondents' dinner. Tough to be funny in a room full of ppl like that..Why is Kim k there..
Playin slide on my Dobro! Little Red Rooster
Support my man #Romany in #Thinklikeaman! His good work shows!
Whatever my artist want to do, we can do it. It's nothing.
lol remember fool ass thought you was a cool ass
Next year: Neuvirth and Holtby, just as it seemed it would be July 1.
I'm good mate : hey mate jus chillin drinkin red wine. How r u?
EVERYONE Go to www.dylanseeger.com! Buy Everybody Steals for only $0.99 on iTunes!
« Yeah i said it!? Na who gon pop me!?» *Pop* I just did na
I would read the shit out of that.
But seriously vote for him! He is falling behind!
good game last night my guy..good to have u back in da city
#gratefultweet: For the faculty member who emailed to wish me Happy
Change is the essence of life; be willing to surrender who you are for what you could become
"Don't torture yourself over the past. Use it as a teacher. Because whatever happened to you in the past, has only prepared you for now"
#Badgers will host #Spartans on Oct. 27. The Homecoming game will start at 2:30 p.m. and be televised nationally by ABC.
Centennial is confused. Day of Silence is not until Friday. Good for me, because less people are being irritating haha.
and never notice me, argh!:(
word up that's what's up! Thanks fam
haha it okay Daniel :) !
Cheer Up and go like www.facebook.com/ParadiseFearsIndiana :)
I wanted to stay, and hang a jungle hammock for a home........no other world exists, when I am in that sabal covered realm.
omw to work and telln my friend about the game last night.. she jus told me to calm down cuz im gettn heated jus talkn bout it!
Sorry about that. For Lion you need 1.1.7 or higher.
My Twitter background <3
Cold this morning with a hot evening. Thunderstorms, hail, and tornadoes in between. I guess spring is officially here?
I'm tweeting 13.1 LA Half Marathon and Karhu 5K times for Crispin Lazarit in real time on race day. Courtesy of US Road Sports & Entertainme
Poised Creation strives to keep artists in their most authentic mindset!
Oh what a night...
I know haha:)
Cut off at dinner by mom after 4 miller lites. Crazy Saturday.
FREE BIRTHDAY PARTIES available every Friday! Text 414.335.9569 to book! Cover, Wristband, Table*, and Champagne all included!
If you. Knew that I.need you.why.would u.just up and leave
That's what I hear too. We like smart babies! :D
I guess the "Fat Toad" has croaked. That was Steinbrenners pet name for Hideki Irabu! That shit it funny!
Deboo and Craig in that Coors Light commerical
You really gonna argue with me over the internet?? What you gonna do... Put a CAP LOCK in my ass
Fair enough... are you all switching away from lync?
Oh no, what happened!?
some wings would be good...
But I ask a question & give out MY opinion and I'm fake?! Oh ok.
Group of kids crossin the street in front of my car at a red light dwntwn started dancin to the #StrangeClouds I'm bumping.
finna take a walk
Great convos at Houston Corporate Ediscovery Forum, Judges panel discussed sources vs custodian, time to change terms? #ediscovery ^BM
Yay for May but you should come to NYC!!!!
Friday night was fantastic, Saturday was freakin' awesome! Now what about Sunday? Hm
My man and I got massages last night. At 9pm. Any type of massage after 7pm should be considered
Watching draft just give me the facts dont editorialize or grade em wont know that till 2013
Is you is here in NYC? Fun! :)
This nigga goin in at the Ref's
“: Listening to close out an awesome #IDEA10”
I got the dirty stare from a coworker when he asked where my usual book was and I waved my ipod. I think he sneered @ ebook
that seems like a major hazard
Aw poor love <3
RT : Happiest of birthdays, ! #wiunion sends its love! (so does ! Enjoy your day!
Go look in the spot you think it is, then tell us if you find it!
You say you Pregnet? That ain't mine, I wrapped it that's how I know you lying Askin all them questions askin all them questions
This was one of my favorite quotes from RT: ": "We're not all born tweeters." #MusEdTech"
I've never opened up to anyone
Thank god the boss is out of town cause today simply isn't going well.
RT #FOLLOWERS CHECK OUT THE REAL D$MONEY NO COUNTERFEIT MIXTAPE ON
Just unlocked 's official twitter troll badge.
Or man, whatever, I don't discrminate... Hell they could date eachother for all I care ;) CC:
Know what u want & what u want 2 pay. Nothing wrong with purchasing processed human hair – it’s all a matter of preference and your budget.
Congrats. You've worked very hard.
“If you can’t explain it simply, you don’t understand it well enough.” -Albert Einstein
I like the new name Barb!
by him pulling me over n showing me his badge lol
#IUPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :)
Seton Hall for sure...
It was our year last year, it just wasn't meant to be this year
Thanks for responding! I wasn't complaining :) I figured it was my dinosaur of a computer being cranky. It went through today.
There's a fine line between passion and obsession. Successful people are passionate, but unsuccessful people call them obsessed.
RIP, Dick Clark.
cant do the 30 day challenge
New holiday sweets menu page up on our website at www.baker-babes.com.
When reading Blake (4) a story, he asked me to "pause it" while he got a drink of water. Then he returned & said I could "unpause it now"!
First Cup: Wednesday: Wade and LeBron are no doubt two of the best players in the world, but the Heat are at the top of the list of c...
Margaret Donegan-Ryan, marathon runner!
~ONLINE~ talk with me
have an idea, or want to learn new strategies for you existing business ~ We are available! Free business counseling is also available!
This is our first tweet! Thank you for helping us out!
The Supermoon is shining bright right now. Check it out!
please <3 it would mean alot :)
You might feel worthless to one person, but you are priceless to another. Don't ever forget your value.
hell yeah the soccer player ! He's fucking HOT wtf haha
#Cardinals draft who cares with the 13th pick in the
you missed the funny part! omg, i was like dying hahaha
BEIDHWINDJ YOU ARE SO LUCKY
LOL! I brought my laptop so I can index. Maybe it will keep me out of too much trouble.
Congrats Nupes! R u there?
The time we spend is more valuable than any price you can try to attach to it.
If you are abusing the phrase, "It's NEXT LEVEL shit man". Stop it. Especially if you are talking about burgers.
Passion can win.
If you understood anything beyond the level of sophistry you would see: disagreements=real oppositions requiring resolution
I like U , but I can't Love U
: Los Angeles Film Festival Day 3.
Ass kissing will get you nowhere. Save your speal for somebody who cares.
no really it's boring sometimes since I already know most of it but now I'm in honors biology and I like this class :{)
with baded breath, on pins and needles, and underwear that needs changing....
heck no. Too many bad stories.
OMG. Emily Lacy just performed Edith Piaf's "No Regrets" in my office as a bday surprise from Exquisite & unforgettable.
I am playing my Warwick Corvette/5 and its "tone" is SUPER!..strung with Dean Markley/Randy Jackson "Alchemy" gold strings..sweet!..BIG tone
I have become Too Much Coffee Woman *twitch*
Let's all go and kick someone..
Start of your 2012 by adopting a loving companion from the VS shelter in #rochester.. Help us find them a happy forever home!
Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does
Craig Counsell: Rally starter
Watching this boys's life ! Great movie !
Seems really obvious that it'll be Quinn. I don't know if I want it to be Robin.
Sent you a DM on how to contact us a lil while ago. Congrats on winning.
Joline Blais: digital culture is trying to repair connections that were lost when Westerners disconnected from earth, family
I hear you guys are going to be at in Carle Place
Thanks, we do what we can!
However, to quote my co-worker Eric Hill, "I'm sure the ways of most vanguards are questioned early on."
#idRatherHave Facebook dissapear so I can go back to selling binoculars
I was like that until a few months ago. I could live without it if I wanted to, but I like reading scores on TVs at bars.
future comedian right here #wuddup <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
When you set out to be original, be prepared to be copied.
how do you say you pray so much but keep getting The same results?
Sleeping before midnight!
A man growing old becomes a child again. -Sophocles
that's impressive.
RT : Down to a 4 hour game. Quick game." We can only hope for extra innings...
if i could change one thing about myself my life would be near perfect
I have the clean cut, no tattoo look that will NEVER go out of style
Congrats to my hubby on getting his new job!!!!
hey drunks, stop tagging me
s/o to the mfs that hate on relationships :) . . . R U MAD?
yeah, and college, and a job, and a car, and 8 weeks of vacation, and cool clothes, and...
Is playing defense now illegal in the NFL? That type of hit was a Ronnie Lott special back in the day.
Looking for ideas from other business owners who have made a difference by donating to their local community. What is the best way to help?
MON @ THE SMILING MOOSE = HAPPY HOUR! 1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO BEERS, $2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, $1 OFF ALL OTHER DRINKS From 5-7pm! GET HERE!
Any nigga name "Ike" or "Chris" is automatically a woman beater by default
And so has my childhood...sigh. ": Adam Yauch of the Beatsie Boys has died at the age of 47."
My pleasure! ;-)
good catch, looks like it is just for billing clarity.
You're supporting #rushlimbaugh??? You have a health therapy for women, yet will allow #rush to call us whores?
Wait I say on the Lord, wait I say on the Lord, trials may come and they might may me strong, that's why I'll wait, I'll wait, I'll wait
Subaru has a College Grad Program for new, young car buyers. Find out more by calling us at 850-785-4372.
jk i like you
Whatever we plant in our subconscious mind and nourish with repetition and emotion will one day become a reality. -Earl Nightingale
HAHA good one
Dixon Cider?
Meeting any of the #Repugs should be enough to piss anyone off. Anyone with any decency that is....
#CACHE coordinates are now LIVE!! ARE YOU READY TO SEARCH AND WIN?!?!?
Things are bumping here, our fans are hearty! A little rain doesn't scare them away
Going Back to Tampa :)
A masked-ball? How awesome! Man, I'd love to attend one, hoping a masked man dressed in red would show up ;)
Everyone needs to stop hating on 8 flavas...
#8 Frenchman Street - New Orleans, LA (sleep delay)
think i got it.
ha yeah that was me. How's your day going?
my phone works great. Way faster! I've heard some folks are having issues though
Whoa, just complaining about the time, not the food. The pancakes were DELICIOUS. I had like, five. Plus sausage links.
alrightt.... then. OMG I LOVE YOUR ICON
Crunching 12 new demo songs down and deciding which ones will make the cut for my 3rd single due out this summer. Like, zoinks scoob!
What’s up L.A.? Would you like the opportunity to attend one of the biggest movie premieres of the year? RSVP to battl
The commanding British officer who surrendered at St. John's in Canada, Major Preston, has arrived in Philadelphia as a prisoner of war.
You don't got a Willie, you don't get the silly!
Who Is Ready for Tomorrow night ? taking over for a great house music night !! Make your reservations today !
tweet tweet
OMG such a hard choice !!!!!!!!! Umm i cant pick between them..
Thanks! Do they do that on Twitter?
please follow me! i love you so much! <3 i'm YOUR BIGGEST FAN! I'M NOT GONNA STOP TIL HE FOLLLOWSSS! <333333!
i guess its okay
nope, pink.
iT Wasn't Even Serious -_-
Would you rather have a Hawai'ian punch?
Surprisingly MRI s are quite comfortable and it would be real easy to sleep in one
Oh shit, I totally forgot about Twitter.
There's always somebody saying you can't do it, and those people have to be ignored.~Bill Cartwright
Yes, but if we don't address health disparities at a structural level in HIT, we will recreate them.
"Everybody ain't loyal, and fake heaux are at an all-time high this season."
I guess he wants to pay for it with his personal fortune. Right?
Sorry - that must be so frustrating! Please email support[at]webgreek[dot]com or call 1-888-WISE-OWL (947-3695) & let's fix it
I love the drive-in (:
Bill Pullman. #AllTimeFavoriteActor. Just behind that is.
*clears throat* Would you like to escort me on your arm to tonight's RP Awards? No one else is goodlooking enough for me.
To quote my teacher Tom Monte: "Practice the absence of fear and learn how to receive love"
Who will win the Super Bowl XLVI?
Just like everything I've known, you disappeared one day. So I'll spend my whole life hiding my heart away.
oh wow
He doesn't text me though "goodnight babe"&&"goodmorning beautiful" text anymore/:
Friends who embarrass you the most are the ones you love the most
Congrats to #ChristopherGrant, author of #Teenie for a great book reading and signing last night at
Your the perfect husband for me <3.
i seriously can't wait for summer <3 hopefully going to Texas and Kansas (:
i do find the term "friend" inaccurate and misleadling-even "associate" doesn't seem more apropo
Just started The Adventures of Augie March by Saul Bellow (One Book, One Chicago selection). How did I never read this before?
very good. Has comedic parts as well as a good baseball movie. I am also biased as an A's fan.
Wow. Secret Service guys did NOT like the joke about getting them home for their new curfew.
Oh you unfollowed me on twitter? How cruel of you
Even better, I didn't even know about that one.
You. Are. A. Goofball.
Drive safe, sweets. No Turnpike rage or texting.
You are too cute! Big hugs.
I am good
The first section of today's podcast is a bit of a rambly mess, I think. It was 5am and I barely remember doing it. Not editing a thing.
Life changing TV that should be trending
Sorry to hear that. R.I.P., Donald "Duck" Dunn.
Christ loving me washes human reasoning down the drain.
she was grounded cuz she left the house after fighting w/ mom n was gone 4 over an hour and my dad was freaking out..
Amazing day in startupville. Morning networking and corp org stuff, lunch w/partner, afternoon product dev, evening live user testing. Whew!
OK, we'll pick another , ready....
The #TeaParty failure to rally behind one candidate has shown what a failure they're going to be in November.
where did your coach win his title? Has he won one since?
Smh. You fail.
Make sure to follow Steve and Jesse on Instagram! and
Thanks. I'm here, just had to take care of medical crap for a while. Sucked a lot of energy.
You just can't leave Ron Artest alone! Lmfaooo. Yall THOUGHT he wasn't bringing that elbow back
what language is this guy speaking in???
hum D
round 2 would have already started between #celtics and #sixers before #nuggets lakers play game 7 sat. night. hiliarous.
"What's it made of?" "Your mom's chest hair." Lol, perfect timing in Spanish class.
yea , but ima need help i aint got time for all that weak shit
Why does the TABC make it throwing an event so difficult? Guess I need to talk to an expert.
Wrote an awesome little bluegrass tune w/ and today. Did it for the KY......(the state)
To serve patrons well, have to commit to analysis - knowing what happens now key to improving process for better patron experience
I do Stay Beautiful <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> instead of Stay Beautiful Okay.
- seems like you need 'the' song to go with that picture.
Can I just say, the Thriftway on Vashon is quite impressive. Found products there I've never found anywhere in Seattle.
Flory drives through the Lincoln Tunnel at night with no injuries! Hear her speak at 2:15 today Maybe some good stories?!?
what time is it at?
RT : Obama's lies breed like rabbits.
I dig. Good luck!
no valentine :/ forever alone. Haha
don't doubt yourself, girly! Best of luck :) I've been good, aside from my bruises and shizzzzz. :P I need to stop fighting ij
New record, first off the album, out monday..
cuz i was bad lml jk cuz i didnt clean my room cuz i wanted to b on the computer
well stay where you are and rot ya stuck up bitch \m/ just kidding aleah i love you
“: Logosquiz is the most addicting app. Brain Teaser. Check it out in the App store.” CHALLENGE ACCEPTED
I just saw quihara
"I said don't wear white socks w. blk shoes " And don't wear black sox w/ white shoes either.
a masters? pretty sweet. Is it for anthropology or have you moved on to other pastures?
playing your fit kinect - much more fun than zumba.
u know it!!! Of course. But still working out his contract.
Talking about God is easy, having faith is hard.
People like us are not given an education. We have to snatch it.
Watch at Noon today on WPWR.
What a busy day!!! Company ins and candidates around every corner!
Come down this afternoon and enjoy $3 taps from 5 till close..Dont forget about our half of apps till 7:22!!!
been drained all day from killin legs #poorlittleguys :'(
Looking forward to it!: RT: ": Get Ready - new report on Teens, Smartphones and Texting out at noon on Monday."
oh hell yeah bro i'm gonna be an animal during Mr Highway xD
Enter the Turkey Coma lol.
Oh, I agree. I'm just pointing out that Ozzie hasn't been going "by the book" with him.
the other dude isn't terribly inspiring either
It's official - I will not be presenting at php|tek this year
my english professor said everyone walking on this earth is one law suit away from being rich one of the realest message i've learn from him
I know im late but Dwayne Wade is a bitch, breakin Kobes nose n shit
HAPPY THANKS TO OUR PATRONS for coming out and supporting TWB at #NocheLatina. Hope you enjoyed the #pasion on stage, despite any cheese.
hey their
so aggravated!
check out our new website www.wesofreshrecords.com
Thanks for organizing Holocaust Remembrance events. Would love to see photos!
"have you created your happy ending yet?" - CastleVille
red goes faster
I wonder if Chris Resop knows he is a shithead
Good morning :) Now time to get ready for school .
letting mr. ronnie radke serenade me to sleep (:
I love getting dressed up:)
Woke up late Shit
There's a lot of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven't the time to enjoy it
Happy Monday!! Ease into your work week with Happy Hour at Enoteca Style. $4 Red, White, and Sparkling 3-6pm!
HE WAS TRYING TO KILL US!!!
Gettin' a little hair of the dog with your hangover breakfast?! Cars are ready and waiting for you!!
“: #nw Cool Runnings” LOVE that movie!!
and now, a virtual one. .. [HUG] Lol.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE #FOLLOW 1
Hey #travel friends: we’re adding to the team! Looking for an AE in
Incredible game!
Homosexuality is found in over 450 species; homophobia is only found in 1. Which seems unnatural now?
follow back ? :) x
Got grounded this morning. D:< Not okay. Anywhoo, Cj's tomorrow & Poody' tomorrow night & Sunday. Jack's on Wensday. Iloveyouallll, <3
Headed to DC for America's Summit on National Parks! Let's do this!
Counting ppl to see which paragraph you'll have to read out loud in class >.<
#NeverBe afraid to be yourself
@ there are some big pros to Droid, but I find the iOS to be more simplistic & intuitive.
What's the smoking laws here in texas?
I know. She abandoned her Volkswagen Beetle like so much trash.
all this money that has been raised can u find a cure already!! new tools to help this disease is not good enough..do better..thanks!
Long hike in Mission Trails Regional Park. I've earned my brunch and afternoon pint!
At the Bourgeois Pig Cafe (738 W Fullerton Ave) having some VERY tasty desserts, registering for baby gear and drinking a LOT of caffeine!
Ryan Leaf thinks the Redskins made a good deal moving up to
give a follow
we forgive you MetaCPAN
happy b day(:
#WhenAustin does those little pointless keeks, that we all just adore <3 [From ]
Lovin tess, goose island, beer dinner, chef minervas food pairings are fantastic.
Thanks for the #FF shout out! Cheers!
Oh god oh god I just died...Madonna singing like a prayer....fucking AwESOME!!!!!!
I Love The Shit Out Of Scarface !!!!
RT Seriously. If you like a show, you probably shouldn't get me interested 'coz I'm a death knell to shows. // meet the press
big game tonight boys!
hello nick!
On the road to dallas!
of course, I'd love to be snookie's twin!
RIP Junior Seau
Well look at us here with a fancy twitter and all that...watch this old 140 character box for news, trip updates and other schralping stuff.
Happy Valentine's Day!
Man... Mitt Romney sounds like an idiot... Who is buying his emotionless plea? What a horrible speech
Beautiful night! Just grilled shrimp and enjoying a fabu caprese salad with some red wine. YUMMY!
please follow me .. <3
I'm estimating that 5-10% of people on WeFollow are "nearly spam" - not quite spam but not quite on-topic.
In honor of mother's day, Johnson of the Astros called the 1st base ump a "mother fucker" after striking out. What a classy guy
I guess they don't call it the "Big Easy" for nothin... people are so slow returning calls and emails!
peeplez are very difficult to train somethingz tho. *huff*
thank you! That is so sweet!
finally got what adele was saying in the song,so sad
does anyone want me to do a live chat? i got nothing to do today cuz im not going to school lol :)
Sorry to disappoint!
What goes around comes around like a hola hoop, karma is a bitch? Well make sure that bitch is beautiful
PICTURES PLEASE
Snow day # 4.
Last night was way too wild
yes ma'am I am lol
speaking as a father.. Honduras....NO !!
Bike ride today haha.
It fucking boils my fucking blood.
Saying goodbye to the Rocky Mountain News. It almost made 150 years - I will miss its conservative columnists
One day you'll realize how insignificant your problems are.
lol no, I'm not. Last week of July and first week of August I'll be down there!
took the bar exam the summer of the first championship. it's a miracle i made it with a working liver, much less a law license
thanks for the blackout/hangover.
can i get a follow bak :) please
Hope many were registered. RT VotingWorks' photos from the Voter Registration Drive event last month!!!!
how many points is "nrudzicz" worth assuming best placement
Man I wish and I were in Albuquerque right now! Go UW & CU!
Once Mindless, ALWAYS Mindless:)
RT : "The stories & characs are already there. We as artists are here to give them life."
I believe we're going to be seeing a lot more dumb tweets like that now that has joined the twitterverse
People say the most stupidest things ever!! Smh
EXCEPT Kim K,Pamela Anderson, and Ice T wife CoCo lol
Okay... That you find it necessary to throw stones STILL (after London) is THE disturbing thing!
It's gonna be great! RT PSq and ID, get ready for a new, open public space at King St Station! Opens today
i know you will always love Greg but I say NO!!!!!. On to BIGGER and BETTER things in LIFE.
Workout-shop, workout-go to work, workout-party....don't forget to workout during the holidays! Love all you workout tweeps out there!
lol!! Damn, i hate onions as well, the smell alone is enough to chase me away!
Mornin World ..remember "Everything that glitters ain't always gold,no no! "
besides which! Christopher and I both lived with prior partners, moved out and live together very happily now.
spring is poppin. so are my allergies.
"girrrll I work so hard for you from 9 to 5 so you can have the finer things in life, but you're the type to never be satisfied. oh girl"
All this perfume on BART totally masks the smell of vomit and angry middle class commute
Nope! RT i really think im the only person in the world that hates macs....
Calling it a night. I love #WarmNights listening to #Bluegrass on my iPod and #BullFrogs on the #Lake. Blessed... Good night and God bless.
I recommend more smartass and less filter: you're AWESOME!! x
Construction begins on new East Baltimore Housing Complex
you've never seen before? Shy, not one of my qualities. Lol. Thank you doll!
Please lift my daughter up in prayer.
Ok, just nearly hit by AYC 7194 georgia fayette driver's license plate driving normal speeds on city street. Then he tried to flee scene.
yes a lot of mail Justin :) and your not weird just special :)
TYVM for RT Tweet: .#ClearChannel syndicates Limp-Baugh - wait for it...owned by #BAIN phone
Had a blast over the weekend! Thanks everyone who came out and supported us!
makes total sense. Yeah, we've seen it used by a lot of ecommerce sites for good but bloggers seem to find interesting uses too.
Taking home some fancy cookies from the board meeting. Gotta feed the kids!
bigger jew
it's funny how I'm good at giving advice to others, but when it comes to helping myself, I don't know what to do.
I read the review on plugged in, and you are pretty much correct :( why?
Carving pumpkins, then paranormal activity 3. Fun fall day :)
I really am trying to look on the bright side of this ..
That feeling when you realize you didn't do something in your article, and get called out for it. :(
No problem!! : D
Come ON Blues. Kick it in high gear.
I guess nobody's job is safe. RT World's most powerful laser fired
" Obsessed with Michael Kors It's a problem" too bad im the one who has to buy it all :'( smh
That's good feedback. I think a 101 is definitely in order :)
Yoga has an amazing effect to my body and mind.
Stay fly
But their kids....lol keep them xD
Sending you lots of healing love!
Will do lol and send me some K as well and more users
says more than 2/3 of surveyed organizations would prefer a single backup application for both physical and virtual environments
HAPPY THANKSGIVING
Ughh just another stupid boreing day of High School... :/
sorry to disappoint. There's always next years nat'l cleave day. Something to look forward to at least
The Amanda Show
This headache is preventing me from going to sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
I hope u don't make kids cry again when u get there
Hi, Daisy! It was so much fun seeing you talk on Saturday! I'm so glad we met! Yay for book soul sisters!
NBA to start on christmas......who cares, the packers play that day
Love you too! You do so much for others. I LOVE your heart!
Damm lost all my numbers
starting fresh??? Meaning you're moving???
I'm just saying she has a boyfriend and she's hanging out w/ (maybe possibly) the guy I like. I'm not...its just...someone get me a machete.
hey, if you have any time at SXSW we should meet up.
Going to be working on #charity #event stuff today. Looking for corporate #sponsors. Want to make the event even better this year!
yes! I liked it :) You should check out "The Paris Wife" by Paula McLain. The protagonist is Hemingway's first wife.
So who wants to win a Free Dell Laptop? Were still looking for many to enter into the contest......Respond to this post to get entered in
Cool story Bro. Tell it again
Each of your landing pages should have a secondary pop-up window for upsales increased profits!
Does anyone know any funny videos on #YouTube? I'm bored -_-'
Will do
yeah that's bad glad u r ok ! Karma will come back to them u get what u put out !
Thanks to show last night I got a new gorgeous and amazing girlfriend <3
07/01/2011 - BUY "Little MAN-CAVE" Playhouse tickets
When brings me food. >>>
So don't be sad. I probably wont meet him either
Sorry. I thought I had already put in my 2 weeks' notice.
I have asked 4 people at #HRW since February for me to meet w/ #Libya militias as a fighter to convince them to stop
Too much rum? ;
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind. -Dr. Suess
People are so flaky. It's annoying like you made plans with me follow thru.
RT Im the worst at sticking to an exercise plan if any of you followers can't tell. Lol
What a great game by "King Walk" Nakamura
I love them, very SEC-chic. What do you think?
but online policies will be helpful in curtailing things that could hurt them.
Tell me you can see the light of dawn is breaking.
bang a celebrity. Jk... Good question! I'll have to think about that one
"Disenfranchised Dads", at lulu.com; READ IT! $120Bil. Will never be collected! Find out why!Men who can't care for self!
I'm so glad you donated money to save the land around the Hollywood sign!
I'm just really curious how the Canucks plan to keep the cup from the kings? Burning down LA?
Again if I gain 30 followers (to get 666) by the time I go to bed tonight I will wear Minnie mouse ears to school (;
Really need to register for both NEA and NEHA fall meetings. Side note for Boston kids: NEHA is at Emmanuel this year!
Underway in the 2nd!!
#thingsblackparentssay I am 100% sure he is the father, maury!!!!
Moreno (Mexico) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Hey RockStar, don't let that match get u down. Your still #1, you got this vika looks like a call from g-mom is in order
So, I took all of 's money at poker and he 86'd me from till Memorial Day. I think he got the last laugh.
Too much on my plate so I am resolved to not make any New Year resolutions...just kidding how about you?
me too (: haha
alright I guess we can take that great season barca
This type of game will drive a guy to drink.
My freshman year of college will forever be defined as the time i had pink hair.
Ah yes, such a modern and flattering ensemble. :)
I feel like death. I have to get my Vitamin C on and hopefully feel better. I think sleeping just kind of kills me when I'm sick.
Just found an original Coyotes jersey with the awful mid west motif and ugly coyote with half goalie mask on craigslist for $20.
Engleder shoots to World Cup 50m Rifle 3P title
Indeed I am! Hoping to get the screens burned in time to start pulling some ink next weekend.
Darn you, Twitter and your spoilery trending topics!
Missing you at Taste WA this year. Shayn's here :)
do you think your journey to health and healing is by addressing those things?
Aoki with first Home Run for #Brewers inside the park.
Good question!>> RT : $ Talk with your kids--Do you usually spend money as soon as you get it? Why
Shoots Wide!! RT": I'm surprised can get any practice in because he's too busy staring at his reflection in the glass"
ha it is
Hey Guys!!! Dont be bored Something special Is coming so watch out for the new products/items to be bid on soon... See yah!!!
Just texted friend that I had to wait for Dave. Autocorrect changed to "I have to wag. For Dave."
I already texted you, but why not tweet it too? HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY. I love you.
Forget best-of-seven, the #NBA Playoffs will be decided by survival of the fittest
I am living my life very courageously now~BAMM.
Morning peeps! I'm putting together a team to move boxes b4 Race for the Cure THIS SAT at 5:30 am! DM me if you can help!
Ah. Do I have to come North and help you fight the monster away?
Why didnt bgc prevent the audience from saying shit? They could have gotten you in a lot of trouble.
Funny that people would rather go out of there way to hit the handicap door button than just open the door.
& - : take redesign seriously - more than add n stir - need to ferment for 10 days like a grape brick.
Working over night tonight to try and get things to where they need to be... I don't get paid enough for this.
Sorry to say that The Bill Blagg Magic Show on Saturday March 5. has been CANCELED.
Reverse Happy Hr 9-close... $2 off all alcohol & small plates. Smitty, Robert & Lori need drinking friends!
Granny's Nook boycott =))))
:( well that's no good!
Do you love this shit? Are you high right now? Do you ever get nervous? <3
Shhieeeet chilling with my momma! Lol you?
I'll be @ the Gotham Comedy Club tonight @ 8pm. Unfortunately nothing will be getting dumped on Ryan Seacrest while I'm there.
Happy birthday to the Madison Square Garden Killer, the G.O.A.T, Michael Jordan... Retired one year before I saw my first game.
take me with you.
i think basket ball goin to be in my future..
Coming home at 1130 on a school night... Probably gonna be in trouble in the morning with mom but who cares! It will never happen again <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Let's go ! Make this Texas boy's late night worth it!
Love is like a bar of soap once you think you got it it slips away
I'm putting it in my thoughts ! I'm at a doctors office in the waiting room and has me dying laughing.
ANYONE? MAGICIAN? ABQ area. Want to hire for Trade Show, Sept 14, Hard Rock Casino. Reply if interested. Disappearing Water Act a must!
Tolerance. Sounds so easy when in fact it is so difficult!
RT : Rural sourcing: Instead of outsourcing jobs to another country, move them to rural areas where cost of living is less....
L.O.L!!! That one was for you!!
Thanks for the shout out! We love you guys!
What type of connections r u making on www.knowledgesafari.com
anytime! back at you.
thanks! you kick ass.
Agreed. Try being a meteorologist with people like that.
I sat in traffic this morning and my inner child wants to know if we're there yet.
thank you! I LOVE them!
yea you got a pretty face but. . .
#packers laid the biggest egg I've ever seen
I know I'll be watching! :)
Or we should start a cloning program of Burkes & sprinkle them across the country!
Join us for Meatballs & Martinis at Anthony's Runway 84 tonight from 6:30-9:00 PM Complimentary Shoe Shines, Meatballs, and Fresh Mozz!
Thanks my man, hope all is well with you and yours!
Where u at? How is it?
Feature on 's "Last Day at Lambeau" is almost in the can. See it Sunday night on at 9:00pm. It's really good !
I'm sick as a dog
well. Okay then!
Hey there, (BizDegrees), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Critical Thinking: RT : Does our son have a network of caring adults?
Blunt of purp
Ah hah. Tried that before, don't know why it worked today. :) Thanks for your help!
Good day over all T off cuz of a few people but meh
Fuck you pay me is what I told the bitch , can't eat can't sleep cause I own the bitch ..
omg! how'd you get that face it adorable! n_n
Sometimes the price of good prices is too high.
Nice. Are all 3 major networks here? You know it!
Free In-n-out after service:
Totally delayed response but thank you so much for the #FF last week! Awesome! I'm glad that I've been a PR teacher : )
What kind of tape does the system need to record at the club dude?
anytime a pro athlete can piece together 2 sentences, it's a win
welcome to #teamiphone we <U+2764> u.
yes, change in twitter postings based on organizational policies at new work place would affect psychological profile generated
We wish you the best.
'Just realised how dumb I look taking self pics': Rihanna goes bare-faced for ... - Daily Mail
Some people will hate on any AND every Bloody thing.
that does explain while is alone until he was something too. I would hate to see that litterbox
i got to work monday so i'll only get a few hours in.
RT That's one of the joys of the Sandwich Generation- FULL of intergenerational moments of love and care. #talkalz Very true!
"My daddy made me go to rehab I said no no no no!!!!!"
Our speaker today...Noeleen McGrath is an award-winning television news journalist, media trainer and video producer.
I guess someone () doesn't want a house warming gift... *hinthint*
Girardi just said DRob has a rib injury. Can you believe this ???
I don't know how it happened, but a bird just pooped on my coffee cup lid.
RT : I'm dying in this fcked up country ass town , lol << bugs and shit flying in my mouuff! lmao dead
hello stranger!
yep! definitely been there, so frustrating
best family ever <3
Happy Birthday SBS! In celebration of this day mention this post, and get $10 off your service today!!!!!
Well just found out some pretty interesting stuff today, and i also got my heart crushed :((((( and now i have a headache
Have fun! Wish I could make it.
Writing about certain issues, even if they weren't personal, has helped me evolve as a human being, not just a writer.
Evolutionary Psychiatry: Some New Observational Studies and ...
Officers announcing arrests in a few minutes.
I'm a HSN junkie. I can't, I would go broke. I'm going through withdrawls from HSN right now
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. -Yogi Berra
Woo hoo, tonight! What a surprise! & dinner ! life is good...
Where are the Empire State photos? :(
Man is always more than he can know of himself.
Watching season one of #Hoarders . So quaint.
Than you shall have one! Pics when next i can pin down an archivist...
omfg. zach's tweet. )':
On Nov 18th come holla at me with me against me it don't matter just cum c me please
RT : Hardin stood out over the weekend. He'll be an interesting guy to watch at training camp. Looked big and physical
not yet. Got a change?
yeah they were mostly free. And the m&g were free too. r u going to the one in Tinley.
Kid cudi is a fucking fag
I asked my aunt, she said she can't take me her car broke, so have a good time, lol(:
I fucking give up!!!!!
Fun fact for the night - More Americans have died in the War on Terror than the entire Revolutionary War - Don't know why that surprised me
Just found #stevemartin on twitter. E X C U S E me!
Death, Taxes and MO! 602!
lol not since my last album. I'm still promoting it and stuff.
New hair, hot date, margarita on its way - could this night get any better?!
I wanananana see your face !!!
Even my enemies use me as an emergency contact!!!
lol. Love it!
nevermind, it's working
Cool tune Mark, Are you on the Drive today?
Haha yeah XD I think we should talk in messages, this is like super spam for some people =P
texting is just as bbad
saw that a little earlier. i think it works because community's fan base will follow it wherever. even friday nights.
That's OK. I leave on Tuesday 5/15 for #sec12 where I'm co-presenting 3-hour seminar, then immediately to #stc12!
So that's how you roll? Have fun!
he will never understand what the word "love" means.
I really hope they're dumb enough to think the game is next weekend.
its cause your a pimp no other explanation.
i miss u
When that guy from Men's Health does push up jacks, he hasn't just done 30 minutes of chest and legs with no recovery. Just a reminder ...
And, we're in first place. Again.
Cheese and crackers, I'm out of almond milk. :(
RT "We loved with a love that was more than love." ~Edgar Allan Poe .
No horse play when we quick draw
see you tomorrow!!
Just had a fantastic conversation w/ Kathy Snyder, head of , on how 3D 'rapid tech' can help grow biz & mfg in MD!
right right
Why u won't to be fake I fuckin hate u
Eating corn pops
well im dark skinned so i gota represent but as of dudes i like, i like it all colors i dont discriminate
party starts NOW! $10 pitchers of booze and $5 monkey bar new tshirts!
I wanna wish my Mom a very Happy Birthday today.She is doing it BIG Out here with her clients &
Breaking in a case of suds, in the brass rail of fall down drunk.
congrats on the new movies I can't wait to go see them and you are to funny : )
That Boy Good!
Martha Anderson notes, for digital preservation, what stories are we telling? Are we engaging others?
The Class of 99 was a good one!
I just love Justin Bieber ! (: <3
I CAN'T WAIT EITHER (:
dat was mean
strapped down like a cowboy
makes the best sandwiches in Pennsylvania! #Bobbie is delicious!
can you go on a following spree again?! i missed your last one for school :(
talk at Oxy: "work is the opposite of thinking" toward a deformed humanities.
did you sign up for paid version of ? I'm thinking about taking the leap...
You have really progressed well. You had severe herniations. Glad that the treatments worked out for you.
was dancing on the edge of danger, on the rim of the volcano.
I Have Game To Be Sold. Holla At Me For Consulting.
im tryna shoot a video
Can I just say i WANT Tyne Daily's hair?!
o well
New tenant turned out to be a real gem.. she and her brood get my Fonzie thumbs up.. Aaaaayyyeeeeee! Thx housing authority!
puppy love <3
Android or iPhone ?
nice green jerseys!
Valentine Day Party tonight - the club is gonna be packed! Grab your girl and come swing!
And/or that calling back is polite. So old-fashioned.
Traveling "The Road Of A Superstar That's Not Famous"
I agree with the last 3 posts. You'll never hear a negative comment from me, I love your vlogs.
Sometimes life is just one big #shamelessplug. I'll pass around the office.
OMB! Yesterday my baby turned 18 years old, beautiful aww I'm so proud of you, I love you
Sorry for the delayed response. Thank you and have a good day.
I think Greg got the NYT Op-Ed idea from Don Draper (when he told the world why he quit tobacco ads).
I'm melancholy at all the coupling surrounding my single-lady heart
Just another day at the Super Bowl! Brunch prayer is that all my pain is from champagne!
How do you know ?
Yh same. Can I ask you something?
Pretty Woman on in 23 minutes!!
hey thanks for the follow! "like" us on facebook and check out our newie "Stage 5"!
Need stamps for Christmas cards? #Weirs #SouthlakeTownSquare has a post office inside!!! Shhhh, no one else knows.
I wanted sum...
Can't wait to see you again..
This. RT : after crossing the gold level for rewards, you should get your 1st15-drink free drink immediately
Are you human or artificial intelligence?
Jan Reichelt: PhD student. Mendeley helps researchers work smarter by extracting data.
*sniff* no more crying :') :)ILYShawty<3
You rock, Greg! TY again!
#TheProblemWithDatingMusicians They always write horrible hate songs about you after the breakup. Emphasize the HORRIBLE.
And just to clarify, I'm not trying to humblebrag. Just thinking here.
“: I had a great fucking day.” Its about to get better too. RT
Of course Y. Bell could possibly end up on the Jets, just the Dolphins luck if he does.
Damn, that chapter was so sloppy it wasn't even worthy of a first draft. Just had to fix it.
awesome! It's such a great move. Have a great race today love!
took my daughter a day early to school so she can show her friend whos a freshman around....now thats a friend...up early and didnt have too
Yu wanna go
I have no idea why...I love the smell of curry!
GM & Happy Sunday Everyone
So addicted to #GameOfThrones, but my god, how many incestuous relationships can a writer add in to a story?! And so many creepy people...
Very cool- would love to talk with you about it sometime. Let me know what might work for you- thanks very much!
The chick who lives above us is making an insane amount of noise all hours but especially at 6am. Any tips on revenge?
DAMNIT PHIL! And freaking Chavez too. Retire already.
Help yourself to exit
Everytime I hear Jocktails, my brain thinks Ducktails. Can I enter the party tonight diving into gold coins?
Still good advice. I'm honored to of met Buck.
Brooks Laich: "I thought we were a lot closer this year than last year."
most definitely.
These bitches on Real Housewives Of Atlanta r pissing me off.. especially NeNe big ass... acting like she better then everybody. ..!
is that necessary?
You get a star b/c I like the
Who says the Mariners are not worth the price of admission? What Detroiter doesnt want to see Charlie Furbush and Casper Wells again?
okay well ill be at the game today! And the practice before! Haha
You're practicing playing the guitar? :D
RT : "if you care enough for a result, you will most certainly attain it" -- William James, Psychologist
if one more tourist hits me in the head with an umbrella while taking up the entire sidewalk i'm going to start slapping.
Had the worst night
says the same thing again lol
By any means necessary I'm gone get it!!
We are almost at 3,000 followers! When we hit 3,000 we will have a trivia contest to celebrate - winner gets a book!
what? that wasn't on 4EvaNADay..
Label 7 Welcomes crew this evening! Please enjoy your time with us!
They put on pants just like we do they take a shower just like we do they eat just like we do
you're so annoying
Get done w/ holiday shopping BEFORE the turkey, giftcards are one size fits all! T&C's apply.
It blows my mind how people have no clue of how much work is needed to succeed.
Awesome #AdobeBridge tip, thank you! That will save a TON of time.
It's the absolutism of uncertainty and disconnection from the past that stops people from taking the cash. Forever is a long time
yeah, but he still cheated on his beautiful wife with semi-prostitutes.
Fixin to listen to the latest madness on the Morning Mayhem 93.3 as a drive the kiddo to school.
P.S. we're on spring break until next monday so we'll try to meet & make a new video ASAP -Patience
Been there, done that :-)
i lost my peace sign ring that i haven't taken off in 6 years!!!! :(
Good greek trumps so-so chinese. I vote for greek.
Gas' gain could be coal's loss: Now it faces pressure from a competitor, natural gas, which is cutting into coal's most important cus...
Sometimes you text a person with full of feelings and you get a blunt reply in one word.
iif you havent checked out my twit pic.... i kinda invented swag
Not completely, but I'm more mindful of it now.
The 'Net is a waste of time, and that's exactly what's right about it- William Gibson
I've never seen anyone use that set up, i think you just want something to bitch about thunder, so honestly stfu
My son just threw up on me and I didn't even know it
In my Hollywood gym full of hot women, the one that gives me the eye is a tranny. It's a trap! Flying my X-Wing in!
Awesome! Thanks for sharing your picture, and Warped Tour never looked better than with you in your shirt :)
we should get together.
Kill me. That chick was off her fucking rocker. She's lucky I didn't beat her over the head with my water bottle. LOL
I love Reese's!
First pitch is 630pm tonight here at Sessions Stadium! hosts Mercer in Game 1 of a 3 game series!
Don't rain on my parade.
I hadn't seen either of my grandparents for around five years---so having my grandma die two days before we were going to see her... sucked.
Well still no deal, the NBA is playing with my emotions
I end finals day with 2 hours if art..
Can't blame him. Happy he attributed. Had to come from a writer. "Hate" and "disdain" alone fall short. Your phrase is precise.
YUM! MUST HAVE! “: Time to tap the firkin of wheat hop! #craftbeerweek”
VM Ware and Wyse demo today. Go cloud computing.
right? I think the trick is to just avoid the line. And cleavage lots of...wait damn...that's where I keep messing up.
I'm like every other woman, a closet full of clothes, but nothing to wear, So I wear jeans.~Cameron Diaz
#MrPoppersPenguins is a great flick. Gawd I love animals
long day at soho with my girlfriend.
Bella! RT : My girl is giving me a lot of "You're my best Mommy" ...umm...the only one she has! Lol!
He crossed his legs and hands just like all the other "ladies"...
MT: Join & TODAY at 2pm CST. #LatinoEdu tweetchat about education in our latino communities!
Rt if you wanna be Zayn's bestfriend in my fanfic (must follow me)
great move by the redskins. RG I is going to be very, very good. how about the quality of qb's in the NFC East.
let me tell you how twitter is just fascinating.
awesome lol && weekend gone be better haha
You ever that
That sounds a bit like Roger Zelaznys The Chronicles of Amber. You can move from one dimension to another?
I love someone who can make me laugh even when i'm in a very bad mood.
Cafeteria at MATC Truax doing homework
Don't forget that Gentlemen's Night starts today at 5 pm! Free drink for guys and the gal of their choice!
I had no idea what #autism was when I went for my first job either. Can't believe I was hired! Glad I was.
damn wish I was I SS we could hang! Is a nice day.
Working on new website. Will share as soon as we get it live!
I hope so Jamie. Job market scares me. Guess I'm just glad I'm not married or have kids right now
talking about recognizing excellence and holding all stakeholders accountable.
I just downloaded new live album "tin shed tales" and it's awesome. Please come back to red rocks
I thought it was going to be a picture from the NFC title game
i am still salty that the fired him. Loved Bruce. Hurts to see ye olde alma mater taking the beating they are. its a great job.
Keep me as the apple of your eye; hide me in the shadow of your wings Psalm 17:8
KMSL u know dis frd but I'm found somebody soon no more running I found somebody she cool
Started reading a Forbes article about the ACC deal. Stopped immediately when writer told me Pitt hasn't missed NCAA's since 2001.
Gearing up for what promises to be a long day at the writing center.
both. Crossramp changes the incline and the muscles you use. Resistance makes you work harder and builds up strength.
“: Birthdays are good for your health. Studies have shown that people who have more birthdays live longer.” I love birthdays!
. is giving lots of great tips for #genealogy societies from scanning to Dropbox
I seriously doubt Junior Seau took his own life, nobody commits suicide with a shot to the chest, something fishy going on
I really do. You guys did a great job on the book. When I finish I write a glowing review.
OMG... There's no way I could ever be a ballerino! I would have to stretch for years!
Oh Burnetts, why you do this to me baby
Love my man so much he makes me feel so beautiful and like I'm the only girl he has eyes for....so lucky to have a man that loves me for me
I hate to come off as a clingy girlfriend...
some ebooks people will want to keep to reread; some will be read once, ripe for subscrpt.
yup. Might not work for a phone though
just heard you on the bar tender's iPod! #mademyday !!
in the span of two years, my whole Mentality changed for the better
people can see the bottle of lies and scars of insecurities,and the secrets you thought would be kept forever are the things everyone knows.
well done!
Do your thing Sandy Alderson. Mets are dealin tonight!
Yep. That's pretty much how I imagined it going down.
Laying down with my girl ;)
ya, btw the ogling douchebags,the envious women,& armchair dx from twits,its a wonder a girl can get any f#*king work done!
You can always count on Cubs fans to be rude and Brewers fans to be low-brow at Wrigley North
WHOOP WHOOP…EPISODE OF #LoveGames #LG3 DAMN CANT WAIT 2 SEE NOT LOOKING FORWARD 2 SEE FUGLY SYDNEY…
Vegas should be scared of us!! LOL
Hahaha a valid point. Thanks. :)
Time for bed. Have a good evening!
thanks so much for your well wishes & support!
cual es la otra,pork la ultima vez que yo cheque you are my one & only big sister named Yessica, & YOU ARE WEIRD MY LOVE!!!
ahh you're the best!
THANKS reserves, #Detroit Action coalition, and neighbors(!) for helping out all of us that live and work near mt elliott.
Just gave my copy of Richard Wright's Black Boy to my young neighbor who is w/The Nation of Islam. I feel like Michelle Pfeiffer
Guys, I noticed how America doesn't really have anyone. All the legends are dead, & no TEEN HEARTTHROB. I mean Justin is Canada's own (c)
Yes! Giants!
yes it's my old job. Is it surprising that I left?
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Showers likely with isolated thunderstorms in the evening. Then a chance of showers after...
Y'all, ain't pop! She's a diva.. * Beyonce voice* Na, na, a diva is a female version of a hustlaaa'.
Homophobes suck too. And anything manufactured by Coors.
Pumped to head into the studio later to finish up these new tracks. Five new jams coming soon!
Josh is so cool for hacking my & 's Twitters! #NOTREALLY <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
How can I perform with you? Your trumpeter Dontae knows me very well.
best idea ever!
tomorrow's headline: "Big 12 Asks Florida State To Prom"
Kobe trying to get number six
#GODUCKS!!!! All tied up and Oregon has showed heart!!! Lezzgo Ducks! 58-58 with 3:30 to go!!!
RT How pure is Ray's shot. Funny what happens when they run the offense through him
how far you heading for today?
*blush* Thanks so much for the shout out and for visiting this weekend! What did you have?
'We've traced the call.He's calling from the attic on a cell phone! Get out of the house!' -another great plot device killed by technology.
Oh which ones?
you're welcome. if you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask =)
10 presale RT : I will definitely be there. How much are tickets?
Gotta charge my phone.
haha! Are you gonna listen tomorrow morning cuz?
havent had dinner yet the securiy guard lady brought my wife snack
Self righteousness will only take you to the end of your own nose!
40 minutes to go. Let's do this.
Can't get enough of KISS
What's happening, beautiful. Have a Rocking Weekend! \m/
Q7. Best connection you've made on Twitter
We Aint Openin' Them Gates Of Heaven Up! For One Another
attending "Engaging Communiutiesa, Promoting Learning at NYPL - waiting for first session: "Libraries and Education"
Follow for a free cookie in the mail.
Happy Valentine's Day! Love yourself enough to switch over to mostly organic groceries in your home. Who's with me?
Me at school ... IN CLASS: "I'll just do this at home." AT HOME: "I'll just do this in class."
Yaah me too X | IDK why I can't sleep RT": sure :D me too -_- i cant sleep -_-"
I'm going to watch Titanic Saturday . I'm hoping it doesn't sink this time !
ALL of us here in Chicago havent stopped voting for you guys! Does that deserve a follow? 3
haha! I knew I forgot something!!
More art discoveries
As far as "preparedness" goes in blackout, I only have a flashlight app and it help me find my iPad so I can watch Vampire Diaries
Dinner and movies with best friend :)
it looks very, very exciting. I'm sorry to miss it!
Ughh I love how our conversation only gets as far as hey:| bitch bake me a cookie
I like "going big" but lately, it just rarely is working out.
congrats on the launch of 2.0!
Listening to Erykah badu.. The other side of the game...
Well I'm off! Be back later!
you can ride the to #plbo 6 tomorrow...the night owl #21 will be running too for all of you who want kick back sweet tea & ades :)
Wow .. Jeffery just spilled the teachers coffee all over his stuff ..
Drunk Edyta folds all of her clothes before passing out so that sober Edyta doesn't have and OCD freak out! Love her
Could there be a nicer day for the #IHJJRTweetUp or what? Come do some day drinkin with us at Little Havana!
Good. lol Im glad that everything went okay :)
"Excuse me your a hell of a guy,you know i really got a thing for american guys"
Wait, Haden is in TJ today?
so best. I just dipped in coffee and powdered sugar just for you.
In SF Chinatown, just had some yummy dimsum and tons of fruit and veggies..Happy!!
And also he's everything tht a girl can ask 4 & he's so polite patient but he may have imperfections which makes him perfect
YES. On the Quadrilogy box set on DVD and the Legacy set on Blu. 18 times better than the theatrical edit.
You have to walk that mile in the worn in, comphy shoes. Not the fancy dress shoes.
Time to blow out some candles, Two birthdays in the studio today!
Weird - that's twice on my feed tonight.
I'll try to pick it up. Loved the 'Great Dictator', 'Modern Times'. I've been a bit of a Chaplin freak since college.
worried for her on Celeb app.
Hey I'm good at algebra....I can replace your X ;)
I need a hero to save me now
This old guy down the hall is totally sleeping in his office. It makes me smile, and want to take a nap in my office.
Whenever I try to study, I always end up lying on my bed doing random stuff.
How is Ian Darke taken seriously by so many?He's constantly way over the top. Annoying.
So Far The #Grammys are on point!!
Thx Angela! RT Congrats & a hearty #FF to local artist - music was featured on Y&R recently. Check him out!
Yesterday my bagel shop accepted payment from my ATM card via Fast and easy. First sighting in Montose, CA.
God loves to help him who strives to help himself. -Aeschylus.
We would love to be featured on CBS4!
Morning twitter
I really like this shot of u
Gracias! RT : Congratulations on the wonderful article in the Houston Chronicle today!
I think ten minutes is the maximum time you can take to text me back if you want to have a text relationship with me
we feel the same about you - thanks for the long-standing support!
Ugh you sound like your bragging.
how could I ever be mad at either of you. Don't ever take anything mean I say seriously. Ever. And bo
Dear GUYS: when a girl says their cold, your not supposed to say "me too"
Thanks for coming to our #CCYD mixer!
me as well, saints will have to score 35 to win
gained 60K new customers the first "12 Hours of Twitter" virtual holiday event.
Wow these boys at my school r bitches. They don't say anything when you r around them but once yu leave they start talking
Screams Brassow every time he blocks a shot
RT : My God! Wolf Blitzer just used a word cloud to analyze Tiger Woods' statement!
Calling it
“: How to hypnotize a cat.” Ah yes! Brother is #boss!
let's see, think i have it...after I met IRL, started following her, saw u on her feed! I know, great story!
can def have more, sometimes I have even 50! They're high in calories but that doesn't necessarily mean they're bad for you!
's a Tweef: (n) 1. Mike Heller 2. One who steals another's tweet & tweets it as original.
thanks...have you heard the new stuff? W.soundcloud.com/thejoband/messenger
Tony Nama tomorrow morning :) I'm pulling for and
I like the idea of having a chess set out in the Library
Pahaha let's hope so! Curse you AJ bass!!
Who has psn an wants to play please add me or tell me ur name an ill add u my tag is peyton112
When you buy chocolate you know precisely where the ingredients originated. Workers are paid a living wage and it's delicious!
I'm thinking Thai Food tonight might actually sound good.
really? Lol good... Think we should probably get engaged and married sometime you know just a thought
like overalls and bangs and leather jackets and Kareem Abdul Jabbar!
aren't they all like that though?
are you good with 4 inch heels?
I know they were having trouble keeping a steady feed for some reason in Nashville TN.
The whole city gonna be there lbs
Rain no one likes you go away!
May your surgery go very well and recovery swift. *hugs*
We are curious to know...Should we add #smokingcessation to our program?
bundle up and head on over for #brunch--bloody marys and caramelized banana french toast are waiting for you. see you at 11.
i almost didn't tweet that because i knew you'd get on me
Eye heard though the vine I was only half right about Hudson and dead on about Sharon!
When you can't stop smiling >
Haha! We didn't see any other option for Spread Eagle, Greenbush. Then again we're slightly immature.
Sitting with handsome editing Body Scapes video! is such a smart cookie. just shines with beauty.
#HappyMothersDay Thank you for your love, patience and unforgettable smiles growing up.
Thanks for the follow, I promise to not get lost. good luck on those cassette bootlegs.
and every show starts out as an idea. Col Legno, will end as an inspirational legend.
Misspelled museum goer as museum gore, whoops! Funny / awkward typo.
Just realized that with my hair up, and with this white sweater, I've been inadvertently rocking a Princess Leia look. All day.
September 30, 2002 - February, 3, 2012: "[I] have heard the chimes at midnight."
Rehearsals underway for this Saturday's performance of Mahler's Symphony #2 with the at the Smith Center. Excited 2 B part of it!
now following .. so freaking sexy.
Agents at check-in wouldn't allow people to move forward to help them catch their flights.It was taking 15 min per person to re-book
do you wanna do a tinychat with me we can talk about austin we can do Q & A we can do whatever please cause im really bored
saw a $35000 engagement ring. It didn't look like it just came out of a crackerjack box. More like what the core of Faberge egg should be.
Boy workin OT, I'm makin a raspberry tart 4 the 4th. Sure wish someone would make me a cocktail. But then there's my fetus, so that's out...
“: Adele's ex is somewhere sharing a Bud light with JK Rowlings' ex, mad as HELL!”
there you are too Eva! What brought you to twitter?
Can't stop thinking about a beach vacation this June... planning is in the WORKS! Just me and the kids!
So , who wants to give me a ride home from school tomorrow??
When will i ever need y=x2(tan)5
Dumb deal.
But of course! :) I recommend everyone do the 24 day challenge! I use a lot of product! Got me stage ready for sure!
dannnggg lol! Well I doubt that he chose which ones go in anyway. :P and NO you don't! I would say something
I love that you have a trampoline!! I hope it stays clear of semi-heavs.
Brady go into GOD MODE NOW!
Gonna watch #Taken Liam Neeson.
oh, and let's go
7-day Carribean cruise is taken now have a luxury golf experience in southern Oregon. Gone...folks. #WellsFargoHere+Now
Ah the awkwardness of introducing your lifelong friends to your current friends.
I just saw a Cord Phone!!! I thought they were extinct!!! Guess not!!
I feel like my head has its own pulse..
Thank you all!
oh, look! today's labor day. wow, i didn't even realize that.
Taking my girl on our date night, Bucca di Beppo's, then a movies.
I like that made the same victory face yesterday that he did when he won his first stage there
appreciates your continued use/promotion of all things QWiPS. And yes, we think you should you for questions!
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day! Don't forget to include that glass of Tampico with your morning meal :)
Thanks Glenn. That is what I wanted. Any indication if we will see more of Geoff with the USMNT?
Missing the point USC dominated recruiting in Neuheisel reign. USC will leave 10-15 recruits on the table for two more years.
I don't have enough middle fingers to show you how I feel.
Its a beautiful day to lock your keys in the car! you guys rock!
I'm fine,thanks for asking! And you?
Studio flow <U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>THINK THE NAME OF THIS ONE WILL BE SPACESHIP BITCHES<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755> #moolaboys KNOW WHAT IM TALKIN ABOUT<U+2755>
give our boy a shoutout for co host Nail this one then Hall of Fame Next. Cohost!!
did ya?
I like this one guy but my Bestfriend likes him too</3 fml
RT : Combat poverty & support by joining the "Smiley & West" club. Check out member benefits here:...
Scheduled to visit a hyundai logistics for getting a day labor job in the late afternoon of may 6.
i love to drink Vitaminwater <3
Haikeet #8: Crossing the land bridge / Through the haze of diving gnats / Eagle flies above
Our John Clemmer and Adalie Brent exhibitions both close on Sunday. Don't miss your chance to see them!
#TGIF good people
how was your show tonight?
Open your eyes, Clevinger. It doesn't make a damned bit of difference who wins the war to someone who's dead. Catch-22
Way to go New York Giants! Super Bowl Champs!
Man I swear girl on girl is the best
lol... i just finished all my stories for this week. shhhh
Alisan was right. I just pooped.
I can't tell if you're praising the sazerac or not
RT : is a genius and amazing writer. now, its time for me to shed a tear. -- aww thanks mark :')
you coming to the #ChicagoBulls or what? I really believe it will be the quickest way to the ring...
Lake day tmrw??
We can't control the fact that many of our Congressmen are inept but that doesn't mean we shouldn't vote for someone who isn't
Yes at the Cheescake Factory, in honor of loosing all that weight!
yeah we loved it! But how u been?
Need to create 5 new videos before Memorial Day to promote my art for the 2012 #Atlanta #Jazz #Festival in
I'm going later in the week, ill let you know
Just woke up bout to be up all night
oh my god can we post on kyle's door "ryan and tommy are your main bitches" and do it for ryan and tommy also omg i will pee
Say what you will about Kohl's, but there are some golden nuggets hidden amongst the myriad of moms and spanish speaking children.
no problem! Great trade!
thanks for all of the incredible help today.
WE NEED MORE FOLLOWERS GUYS!!! RT!!!
i can imagine. So far so good.
And i was about to get on camra -_-
and once you're a shell wizard you can do Sed, C, awk, bash, and coreutils, combined with Ruby, Java, Clojure, R, and TeX, etc?
#OWIF: All I am armed with to defend myself is a Leatherman, some catfish, and half a pair of pants.
bought an adorable shirt today.
Lady Gaga - Teeth - 05:14 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Send us the info! RT :
I just found out who those boys were. I guess they're close friends with my boyfriend's little sis n her boyfriend. So very sad.
really? What's his name? Haha.
Fake shoes that's that shit I don't like
Shouts out to TWOgs
So do we. And we still doing it
Oh how I miss RT : Our run tonight included trails, steps, deep mud & hills. These & more, all in the Cleveland MetroParks.
it is....haha
Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.
There are a lot of fiddling school marms on stage right now.
definitely (or trying). So far, it's great! Lots of other folks are summing it too luckily
I'm so bad at starting conversations:/
The half marathon runs through the District: look for the big red chair!
Wowzers...people are fucked up... follow up tweets in the am
today is full of promise.
“: The #teaparty is 1000 times more powerful than #occupywallstreet and a million times more authentic.” <-----WRONG!
Lady, we need you!
What a wonderful human being she is.
where at ?
It's such a cold gray day. I can't wait for friday and I will start a new set of drawings.
:: will look at other FA QB's if Peyton opts to go elsewhere?
hahahahahahahaha u make me lauGH!!!! jk im JUST bored!!!!!! but ur awesome ANYWAYS!!!
Sure is cold out. Come grab some gourmet coffee in our shop while you get your services performed. Just another little amenity we offer =)
Adult diapers should be offered in sexy prints and provocative cuts.
bet your bottom dollar I do “: give my best to I know she still likes me.”
Nice cold front cooling EP and now it is raining in Central. THE SMELL OF RAIN in El Paso.....INHALE...heaven on Earth!
Walking faster, dressing sharper, and good posture are important keys to a good self confidence.
High . Lmaooooo YES !
I'm a Watson fan-girl. Sherlock's cheekbones scare me. ;)
oh those are cute!
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1932 the Motor Co. debuted its V-8 engine.
Who cares if the boyz lost ABDC, To me they won even if they didn't win the trophy,title, or money. They're my winners.
We'll also be hitting up The Venetia Fair at Warped so ask questions for them too! :) Tweet us!
Hiking at Mountainside Park with
I hate when its Friday and u have nothing to do and no where to go
Wait? NBC is CGI'ing the race? So why exactly run the race at all?
s/o to my new follower he's a funny guy
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps pumped up kicks
My fingers to fat for the iPhone 4 -__-
I missed #TheGamesOfThrones very very much!
good night :) I'm gonna go 2
What a goal!!!! Love u guys. Keep up the good work. What a game
woot sex helps you lose weight!! I know what my exorcise routine is now ;)
cool. Glad u all got to catch up for a bit. Take care man. I'm sure I'll see ya around.
cant wait for todays show!
Why not? Belt's an on-base guy, and I'd much rather Belt get the extra AB instead of Theriot or Burriss.
How the heck are you?
You're geeky brethren feel your pain
Most recently, I used the phrase "bust a nut" forgetting that "nut" is less commonly used to refer to the human head than, um, a testicle.
lol back to back work?... Take a break Hash! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
You too! When do you get in?
im a 13 year BB fan and i appreciate the controversial players-aka brenchel- BUT THEY BRING THE SHOW DOWN! Stop the whinning
finally some prime-time Knicks action for us west coast people... is going to have a huge night
Please send to me.
Why does it have to be him? What did I do wrong? What can I do to fix it?
Are you done with my book?!?
Teens are drinking hand sanitizer? What, vanilla extract isn't good enough anymore?
So...summer school starts on the 21st...getting this done early so I'm taking 12 credit hours.
I can't wait to participate! Where will u attend? “: Slow Art Day on April 28, look at 5 works of art for 10 minutes each."
Ah Shaun text me asap I have something cute to tell you about uk who :)
game has me on the edge of my seat
ill be coming up there soon man
Dear Minneapolis, where are you all so tall. Sincerely, me and
Trance Kitchen.
My love
Found one garbage can down the street. The other is M.I.A. #ABQ wind is intense
you're the dopest player by far, you should take more breaks in the season anyways n rest up for the playoffs,
*the good kind of fucked up.
Just realized I have absolutely no plans for this week until Friday. Let the #funemployment begin!
Day2 #LAPC bout to start. Couple friendly tablemates in and today.
Go BlackHawks...can I get a HELL YEAH
If it was "Monty Python and the Holy Grail" Medieval, you'd be "not yet dead."
fog! which is the next best thing to night and snow.
...and someone whose life could have turned out so different :/
Believe it or not, Data Cabling is very important to your computer network in your business. Here are some tips to review:...
who are the black armbands for?
They are fucked. No Noah now. It will take a miracle to win. It's depressing to watch this team all year and see this now.
Omg really?!? :o #Awesome :D
How is it that I never get tired of 's "Stronger" album? Maybe cuz it's her best album yet and she's a flaw free legend?
We need an organic fuel for our vehicles. You mean like Gasoline?
your welcome Darlin
That's great. Congratulations.
RT : WaPo and Politico report that Coakley has called Brown to concede.
Exactly 4 weeks until graduation.
: Lets party rock this Sat Flip cup tourney starts at 2pm! .com to enter!
Ok folks, this time for real! Marc Maron of the WTF Podcast will be joining us in-studio this morning! Any questions for him?
I'd love to meet you, and I know the wines of Aleksandrovic will be to your liking.
RT : If I was ANYONE else.
omg just ignore me hahahaha
The war in Iraq is officially over, what a drag.
WAFFLES FOR LUNCH, Y NOT!
We are open all weekend to buy back your books!
Just watched a stupid girl compilation on YouTube made by day
Baby you light up my world like nobody else.. <3
-- Probably Pedroia in 12-team leagues ...
Work nice and early.
Springs. Did I say that like a local? :)
Why is there only one Mother's Day when Moms could have at least gotten the ENTIRE month of May. $25 off detail packages. Gift Cards
Run Fatboy run and Shaun of the dead
Um 19 is closed at Pennsylvania today? This ought to be an interesting detour to work.
Booze Camp Approved! RT: : We are drinking all day in Midtown. At Noshville now with screwdrivers & Bloody Marys
What is the worst anthology you've been in?
; #MrAndMrsSmith will never get too old to watch two times in a row. (:
haha I havent heard of them yet.
haha you won't even know it's coming!
AIM is for losers. Hit me up: afteritendszach
Wrk is cooling just ready to go!!! What's popping tonight?
r u a resident of #Baltimore city's #9thdistrict? if so, who r u voting for & why?
Thank you San Diego Unified School District for instituting local preference hiring
Got the green light to host #thatcamp for digital archaeology in charlottesville, va, aug. 10. Announcement to come soon.
Because I hate my life, what channel is the AMA's on? ????
RT ": Every two-sentence review that someone wrote for you is probably worth at least $20 in their time."
I know!!!!! I'm so sad! heard it wasn't goin to last anyways cuz ppl were mad about it in the 1st pl :(
Fresh crispy veggies are on sale today - 20% off all creative lunch salads!
...not what I was looking for. Bruins trail for the first time in the playoffs 1-0 Caps
Awesome. I called Duke of Perth, not till this weekend for them.
Looking forward to the weekend, because it doesn't look ridiculous to wear a blanket at home. (Wearing blanket in office, still cold)
No matter how many spiritual readings I have done over the years for people, I still get nervous before each one!
is pretty cool when she sits on her phone and is anti social.
Can it be tomorrow already!!!!
Search #CrownGallery for great photos of moms in crowns. Make one using the Mother's Day activity card in Sunday's Tribune
My new kitten is really good at being buds.
Hello johannesburg! One more flight to go...
That sounds delish! But what is a breakfast cookie? We want some!
Love having a Starbucks at work
lol it'll be fun but it won't be the same lol ...
same.. Now excuse me while I sing ruby
I checked into "the trap house" on four square last night ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> okay..
Thank you so much! I'm actually on KISS right now! I hope you're doing well? :)
"No plan B" is starting to feel like a meme.
asked for more followers! You know what to do! :)
Loyola kids need guidance
RT Obama: "I'm going to need another term to finish the job". Why? In 1 term he already finished 2 million of them.
The clippers suck at running half court sets.
Had a chill day today wit ^.^ havent chilled wit her ina good while!
if you are gonna play this twitter game, rule #1. Get your spouses name right. it is :-)
You'd figure with all these English princes marrying beautiful princesses that their male sons wouldn't be so butt ugly.
alright, I've been debating this for a while... Are your eyes blue or green?
lmfao I'm in 7th grade
OMG u r so amazing! I love u on That '70s Show ! JEEZ ur AMAZING! I LOVE U! <3 :)
happy resurrection day
thank you !!!
1124 what kind of candy do you like?
Thanks to all of our new followers, hope you have a great weekend!
An lollivepro just bet. 540 called 2700 more on the river with AdJh on Ah Js 4h Th 2h vs an amateur who put on an act.
Ryan Braun MVP speech page 3- I've always believed that a person's character is revealed through the way they deal with those moments of
This weather just likes to ruiiinn my spring break.
So, who's staying in Lisbon this weekend and would be interested in meeting up?
At least you're there girl!! That's half the battle.
next he'll be asking for +k in cancer
8 Days left until C-mas....
You're insane. The Elegance of the Hedgehog. Don't forget Bitter is the New Black. MUST READ
#InstantTurnOn LIP Biting ( ;
Friday Sept. 23: Mark Towns Solo Guitar at Tasting Room CityCentre (Houston) 5-8pm
hahahaha welcome to the world of
I was in Denver for the '07 WS so I'll always have a soft spot for the Rockies. But Kemp is a straight up beast so whatevs...
The real question is where do I hang my hat in... oh shit two weeks.
And this been bothering me all weekend
Good morning pooh
CAN'T WAIT TO MOVE OUT TODAY!!!
Curled up with my dog... xo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I like teaching, don't get me wrong, but I just might like the research that goes into planning a class better.
inside us. inside us. :)
"your what hurts?" always kills Stoney for some reason.
words of wisdom by
BEWARE!! Do not purchase the Dani Johnson book via 888-677-2425. When you call & don't want future billing they bill you anyway!!
I had a dream One Direction asked me to be their photographer. When I got there, I went to get the 1D milkshake from
no idea lol
Good morning! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
We play Launchpad tomorrow. Introducing 3 new songs and our first show with 1 singer. $4, 9pm, 21+
Hope everyone is having is great day. Weather is nice today and will be even nicer tomorrow! Loving the spring weather.
Josh Hamilton is that dude
I'm hopeful about the jobs. Not hopeful about the show's content.
Really struggling to get started on my end of term essays today. :( So many more interesting things to see/read/do!
But....any ideas for disinfecting my phone?!
#defense wins championships. #GMen Defense almost perfect today. #SpecialTeams and offense look good too. Lambeau here we come!
Feels so inspired. Thank you Eliza. Everything I needed to hear to come back full throttle, you said.
This pussy clean .
home safe and sound. Leaving again on Tuesday. Can't wait to see you! xo
roughly equal to Les Curly Blonde Miserables methinks
Still working on Europe, mostly Switzerland/Northern Italy!! Suggestions welcome. Also been linking some sweet bands i've heard to my...
We have a show coming up the end of June in LA @ The House of Blues & we'll be playing 5 new songs! More on that show soon!
LOL!! Break the "glass" later only if you need to...
It's due to widespread use of HGH this year.
If you are going to be late anyway, stop for coffee. Shows everyone that you weren't sweating it.
bless Reggae Vibes! give thanks for the strength
Tori was/is so freaking pretty.
awww:-( don't worry we gonna relax and hang out sometime soon.
Can't sleep , i have energy o.O
True. True.
party and we are kickin it old school with questlove. Lovin it. Like a high school gym up in here.
thank you patrick! :)
That is true!!
Metallica rocks! Iron Maiden rocks harder! Looks like I FLIP-FLOPPED!
Http://www.dagnomusic.com is a great place to sell your music and keep 100% of the revenue!
just talked 2my homie U have a true friend when u don't talk months #and u pic up where u left off happy Bday my ninja
I still have a few more dances with the devil
i don't think so =(
~ Be like a duck. Calm on the surface, but always paddling like the dickens underneath.
Change it back! My fault for being a nasty boy!
Jack Effel: #WSOP wants you to celebrate during play, but don't be disrespectful. Up to discretion of staff.
“: yes shes actually really good no one knows though, or ” won't cuz of CJ :/
It is June 16th. My B-I-L is attempting to go from 0-70 miles in 60 days. So I have to ride it... :)
get more adorable
Nice article! I think over the last three years Rodgers learned how NOT to act. Aaron's a classy guy. Thank you for sharing!
Awesome show last night with Tropic of Pisces and Steel Phantoms. Thanks to everyone who came out!
My first experience was outstanding. Great food. Thanks.
Next class happening at noon. Get on the mat!
Memory lane: Rick Sutcliffe on to throw first pitch to Chris Hoiles.
Man, tons of sirens and honking going on outside. Mifflin + Derby Day + Cinco de Mayo + a regular Saturday in
follow back
AUTO EROTICA Romney takes credit for improvements in the auto industry
I have been hearing so much about Kale chips but haven't tried them yet
Halloween Party at the Purple Martini, Friday Oct 28, doors open at 9:00. Cash Prizes Costume Contest.
Here's my Ami answer--A kiss on the hand may be quite continental but diamonds are a girl's best friend
story of senior year right there lol
Wow! What a run by Freddie Jackson. Tie game at 7.
Hmm. Should I wear green or black & yellow?
crown molding is HARD
My patient is in her room dancing to Wild One by Flo Rida telling me she's dropping it like its hot HAHAHAHA
- I grew up in Minnesota and then it was pop. Now I'm in Milwaukee, WI and it's soda!
It's true!! The wind has been out of this world here. The power was out for blocks.... woo
vincent please follow me
Me too. I am pleased that Obama supports same-sex marriage.
no but I'd love to. Why?
"30 Rock" and "RockCenter" are good.
But then I'll look a lot more lifeless than I already am.
All I want for Christmas is for Amar'e to dunk on one or more Celtics!
just wrapped up an awesome meeting with major takeaway: he is a big fan of rhinos
Didn't go to sleep yet self educated myself and it is 507am here in Hawaii
Find your happy place!!!!!
m. Little reduced never hurt anyone!!! A la Roulot???
GET IT, GRRRLS!!
the hangover begins
haha their spots are ridiculous. Agency must be on acid.
This girl just walked in this church like she was just the sssh
You're absolutely right. We should have read more details before Tweeting.
: We would love to work with businesses in the Wauwatosa area!
Interested in social media for business? Consultants are key. Generate buzz with Allerrant Consulting. www.marketstarglobal.com
WI Firefighter Union head Mahlon Mitchell tells me he's ruling out a run for Gov, instead focusing on Lt. Gov. Story 10pm
We kick our feet up .
We are 99 years young today. I love you DST! Oop-oop!
I will forever hate violins
2nd round and on is the best part of thee draft. Love it!
Tryin' To Get Out Of Here As Soon As Possible .
Wake up,shower, get paid and repeat
I am not going to make an effort to try and tallk to someone that stares at me and says absolutely NOTHING -_-
Can a veggie burger ever be more appetizing than a regular one?
p.s.follow back!
yea what u thought?
Last week of classes for Chinese students!!! Study hard for the test! <U+52A0><U+6CB9>!!
What I would give to get a tweet from omg
Im out the loop right now, be back soon tho. aye tell Rick i said what it dew*
group is presenting in 5 for RIT winter research symposium. wish us luck.
Gotta be a warrior of love -Fiji
search for the cache on www.geocaching.com by searching for the “wild canyon games” cache by name or search via geocache code:GC20C5Y
Omg omg omg I thought jeremy was dead
yeah yeah, rehash the game. whatev.
Where would you like to see growth in your #business?Use the answer, to determine what content to add to your #web & #social sites.
Hi Dariel, how you been? How are you're daughters doing?
Read the bit about wanting to be the next Denzel or Will Smith. Starring in Hangover 3 isn't exactly gonna get you there, bro. GL
Apparently all you have to do is ask. 2 shots - 2 goals. 100% success rate. Go !!!!!!
Don't worry there's loads of lesbians out there, you not on your own! Glad you came out :)
OMG¡ Will he make a song with selena?
Holyy shit chuckie is on :O im so scared!
hah I was thinking...does she KNOW this? :o
Any of my Jonas followers want to be texting buddies please :)
So,where does this violent tendency come from? I've been told my temper's tied to my redhair or Vikings in Ireland
how big is the bucket?
what the fuck you said , that didn't even make sense ,
Happy new years everyone
I get the whole paychecks vs. food stamp comparison it just sounds bad when you think about the race in these races
that's cuz you cut your tequila with crack cocaine..come and be a happy drunk
you guys were amazing! Best concert ever! Micah Lind Aaron Dre Bri and Myself had the best time. You were awesome!
i really need to get out more..
well....NOW who do the #Packers take?
Pass a Public Policy Plan in the USA to Reduce by 10% -- Both the Millions of HUMANS Locked-Up and the Billions it Costs Us.
part of me is a Vintage brand seltzer diehard, but soda stream is still fantastic
Just unpacked a new Asus Transformer Prime running Ice Cream Sandwich. Wow.
Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself
I use subjecto one time and im automatically crazy
Yes!!!! Go #TeamBS For sure. So will RT : you gonna watch #TheVoice tonight?
Dads bday tomorrow, treating him to a Brewer game tonight , off to Miller park
"Put the lights up, I wanna see your face, When the nights up, remember you in my brain..."
Met with the folks today in SF, really impressive agency/production house taking care of major brands
You guys break up & make up too much. Damn. I thought & I were bad.. lmfao.
Individuals who are uneducated, unskilled, and rent all of their major possessions have little ground given current U.S. economic hardships.
agreed RT What do you think about Whitney's family doing a reality show? I think it's tacky.
Kugler had a going away trolly last night, your not going to turn down that offer
Much warmer tomorrow with partly cloudy skies. Then a chance for rain, thunderstorms... and maybe tornadoes?? Details at 11pm!
MeRT Who the fuck is up.
Do they put makeup on Billy Donovan? He looks so handsome.
This afternoon-Shelter Providers r working 2 craft Standards of Excellence 4 shelters. They will b discussing what makes shelters effective
Get your friends and their friends to follow us! LOVE US NOW. :D ~Dally<3
The postman just urinated in someones garden....
Lucky that it's gotten great press! Museum is definitely busy all day, which is great!
Er why would i be smoking? IM A TEENAGER! :\
I'm there, baby! That's gonna be a great game. Looked good against the Red Wings. Wonder what Dale said before the game?
Oh, of course you meant your mother. I didn't think it was exactly your style...
See Io for simple modules down right
Less than six weeks out from the start of #DWC2012 Get ready!!! We've got some good stuff in the works...
cross between a baby toad and a toddler...jk lolz
What is an epigram? A dwarfish whole, its body brevity, and wit its soul.
At costco shopping and about to eat pizza:))
That is so cringe worthy! Thanks for sharing!
That's so sweet. Thank you, Dana! cc:
No worries Maurice! I see you're on the program for TLA in Houston. Maybe I'll make it, but not sure
who is it
Only $5 Billion Warren??? Pocket change I'm sure...
thinks the mosh pitt is more entertaining than the actual show. Ha!
Working on this week's blog post. Afraid to say it's abt cost analysis; what might come up this week to derail this plan?
Don't you hate when someone tells you to do something when you're in the midst of doing it?
Tornado warning for a county that's 40 miles away from San Antonio. 0.o
S/o to them middle age women with fat asses!!!!
the only explanation I see is backlash for being "rewarded" with CP3.
Spread the word... MIYO Home's Annual Sample Sale is going on now!. Sofas, tableware accents and more are on sale.
Law firm office services opportunities available in Denver, CO! If you have any legal office services experience, email me at katie.cyboro…
Hey I'm following
RT!“: If we do work in English tomorrow, I will flip!”
Back 2 u! RT : When someone tells me they're "really bad with names" all I hear is "I'm an arrogant asshole cuntdonkey"
This damn helicopter keep flying around
Ya gotta eat RT I had to play debt collector today so 'I'm ridin roun & I'm gettin it' instead of blawggin... *sigh*
Happy Mother's Day to all my FB family & friends!! Enjoy your day!!!
Everyone follow
they should play her to please the fans in the 2nd half. If they don't either she's not there or we should be worried.
That's true. That would be a good start.
I don't either! But I'm in West Memphis!
"CALL ME AN ARTIST CUZ I DRAW ATTENTION"
#Hormone Precursor Therapy- Aging is a Treatable Disease
probably the greatest episode of TVD ever!!!!!
3 hours on a plane, 40% iPad battery life...don't think it's going to make it.
- NS is glad to be in NYC for MAGNET Digital Summit - program is a great resource of current insights and best practices.
Dex: If monday's were a shoe, they'd be crocs...
Last few hours in France. Bittersweet ending.
haha sorry tabbyy<U+E404> where ya been!?
In 2 wks at EucTavern in CLE and much more! $10 to get in, on hand too!
U no I just can't leave u out derre da catz may come back & we wouldn't want dat o.O
When's the weekend here again? Never close enough
the Vitra sale starts tomorrow! getting things ready now.
Change of plans haha it's gonna b like 100 degrees tomorrow so I'm just gonna wear vans....
I hate when 12 year old girls tryna be grown and shit. Bitch play your age.
Going shopping later
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Easy Orange Cream Slush 4.48 / 5 Stars | 33 Reviews by AMNDBRK1 "This is a simple and delicious recipe for a coo
Bikram today. Awesome! Heading home 4 dinner. Day 9 of 100 day challenge though I've maybe missed 5 classes in two months.
get more physical!
2.5 million people that died in the Holocaust are still unidentified. Every victim had a name and a family.
I connected with them when I was 12. Heard "A Day In The Life" and was hooked.
RT : Disappointed that didn't win #TheVoice but he's MY winner, that's for sure!
Salute bro RT : Happy earthstrong to my bro real friend #loyalty !
A guy named Sergio Franco in Brookfield, CT.
CLIPPERS!!!! I HOPE THEY WIN THIS ONE!!!! i love to watch Blake Griffin play!!!!
2 home runs by Rangers top of 7th, is fat lady ready to sing?
thanks my dude
Leaving for Syracuse, NY tomorrow to visit my grandma for a few days prior to my Permanent Change in Station to Fort Bliss, Texas. ah'CUSE!
oh thank god this week is over.
the mayans still want to kill us all.
got a test for you, you say you want my heart. well baby you can have it all. there's just something i need from you - is to meet my boys.
This copy will self destruct on the embargo date.
I use OpenOffice. Should open most anything powerpoint-like I believe. Okay ttys!
I'll be on with at 1:30pm tomorrow talking #Caps live from Amtrak on my way to NYC, this should be interesting, on 106.7 The FAN
At #BLD with & the in-laws for an amazing Brunch. Definitely starting with the Blueberry & Ricotta Cheese Pancakes!
You think you wanna die, But In reality you just want to be saved
Let me guess your preparing for your 5/23 appearance on my show RT : Work: it's what's for breakfast.
Smells like yummy breakfast up in here! (:
Never get a pest inspection from the people who will be doing the repairs.
Lovely hot Saturday. off to the beach. Going to the circus later. Will be good to see Eboue again!.
Awww.... I get it, Dad. They're on early so if you feel like trudging up to Cambridge, let me know.
Sometime you have to roll up your sleeve and do the thing that everyone has failed to do.. It is your time!!
RT : Get Ready - new report on Teens, Smartphones and Texting out at noon on Monday.
We certainly are. Hitting up any films this weekend?
If only Arya and Tywin would play cyvasse, but we know Tywin would never do something "fun."
1) absolutely! I'm on it! 2) X is the coolest. What a great weird mix of band geek, greaser, rockabilly and silent movie art queen!
Saw a little kid fr/ my old middle/high school ranting to a friend on the street about the president being bound by the rule of law
Venus was born on a cake?
Hope all went well with the interview today. Send an update when u get a chance.
these battles are amazing! AHH!
I'll come whenever you come to Miracle Mile! But if it's to see Sabin the Babe-in or for your Lobsta rolls, you'll never know.
Seeking a female keyboard player who can sing. Hit us up if u know someone!
RT : Good luck to #BChockey tonight at #FROZENFOUR two more to go .. Best practice of the year tomorrow
That was such a yolo moment. & I don't even say yolo.
no my bday is tomorrow :)
Was just listening to Know By Heart. Can't seem to hear The Postman enough times.
I wanna be there and not installing my gallery's show.... Can you just pop over Sara?
AFTER the GAME.. Check out #CLIPPERSLIVE on with and all our #CLIPPERS Insiders!!
I resolve to spend more quality time with my family.
Your capslock button -
Don't need crowd-sourcing, need "nerd-sourcing". How do you find well-informed volunteers?
": I just don't feel like doing any work right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>"just take off ill cover your shiff...lol
Looking for the perfect for my daughter at #StyleX #stylexlulus help me please
#SchoolsontheBrink is coming to a close!
Yeah, there's totally cigarettes in this drink. Paging
Are you from #Edmonton? Will U be there? RT Thrilled you are coming to to teach your incredible #Comedy #writing course!
Just found my old TP2 cd... R. Kelly used to take me there. No <U+E44C>.
chemistry > physics.
Stephen Ross has to be ecstatic right now.
Its such a pretty daaaayyy :)) i cant wait for summer
Thanks so much!
Miguel Olivo slide makes up for disappointing ABs from Hawpe and Smith. 6-5 Red Sox, bottom 6. This one has shootout written all over it.
Another question! Who reads 10,000 words about stretching on a Monday morning? Will give it a shot!!
Nap time is gunna turn into bedtime
My voice sounds ratchet literaly lol <*¡!*>
"Dewey Moede and the staff at KKIM went above and beyond the call of duty to keep the citizens of New Mexico up-to-date with news from the L
The painting has a life of its own. I try to let it come through. Jackson Pollack
Anyone who is a client of Foster Web Marketing is going to be very happy after this weekend!
I want a iphone 4s just to talk to Siri...
Things I hear myself say in class: "So Faustus tells the devil, 'Man up, Mephistophilis!'"
I wonder if any band member have read the fanfiction stories about them. im reading one about johnny b now.lmao
“: another amazing class .. killed me. #boxing”< #weloveyoutoo :-)
People can tell you how wrong you are but when you explain yourself it's like you'll never be right>??????
God I love my school :)
I would LOVE to
Industry tonight!!! Across from 650. Come one come all!!!
SD County orders Rancho Guejito to restore illegal road, complicating ranch's big growth plans. Story soon
"Fans don't boo nobodies." - Reggie Jackson
And so the end begins. Only 24 hours ish till Chicago! Had a truly awesome time at
“If you can't read, it's going to be hard to realize dreams.” ~Booker T. Washington
I can't view my Twitter follower growth prior to March 23, 2012.
First day of rehearsal was pretty chill. Tonight: commercial class with :)
Yay!! #motivation--->> RT : down another pound this morning!
Business, which is effortlessly defined - it is other people's money.
haha probably not
So what's the deal with #ProjectX? Yay or Nay?
If GOD has given you a vision for your future don't run from it... Claim it, work towards it, and believe that it is YOURS!!
has returned from holiday abroad.
So sorry Dawn!
yeah i got it today!(:
Q. Early on u educated urself on wine in chatrooms- how do u think tech/social media has affected the #wine world?
Great talk about Community Service at the sales meeting this morning. We're so proud of our team & their selfless service!
Marian Wright Edelman: "We dont have a child problem in America, we have an adult problem in America."
that you miss me and are coming to visit and play in the snow?
pops dont do shit else lol he can atleast answer the phone!
Far exceeded them, actually. I'm looking forward to going back to see it again ASAP!
When is better to outsource or perform locally in mobile development business - at
Jammin like Marley tonight at Solo. Bring your report cards. A's for $
Everyone's Sayingg Different Count Down Numbers! Lol ,just go watch (((((:
You're the best Jana! To God be the Glory!
retrying twitter to be better prepared for client questions
- Good Call!!
U know what I mean
Aww :( I'm all for kisses all better.... but please keep your feet away from me. :P
Hahahahahaha...I'm cool B. You made me check to be sure tho...I barely had to scroll! lol...
Holla! RT : Shout out to the ladies who are responsible and putting their careers first!!
My favorite song from anybody from D1C songs? :P
The only day I can diet is today. I don't eat fish and the smell of fish makes me nauseous. God why did you make Christians make this day :(
Ian, have I introduced you to yet? I knew him back when I was in Vegas and always admired his talent
I'm hungry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Break a Leg brother! LUV!
You're Welcome. (:
Don't be completely immune to criticism, it can serve as a vaccination to make sure your perspective stays in good health.
Soccer USA win on extra time 1-0 to Venezuela in friendship match in Arizona
can i get a break from the world? to bad that's virtually impossible...
I love it!
I'm your first follower!!! I feel so honored!!!! ;-)
Love New York City, but there is something about the South with all its quirks and peculiarities that beckon me home...
Welcome back to campus Hoyas! Less than a week until Jack Jr.
that TOs major sports=entertainment franchises are the "real" thing in sports. So they are somewhat confused about worldclass sports events
Tonight: Toasted Caramel Macadamia Cheesecake on special with our homemade Pecan Rum Ice Cream! Exclusively at our Balboa Park location.
Girl, SF is in a (crazy ass) class all its own!
Peeling back my layers!
9am Arsenal vs Wolverhampton Wanderers
I had no idea #OIISDP was so dangerous! Are British bats more or less frightening than American ones?
Starting at blockbuster tomorrow! FINALLY i have a job again. wonderful
GREAT idea. I use an old mousepad so it absorbs the drips and makes me look like I am master of the matrix with mice
Join me and much of the nation on #generalstrike Nov 2. Don't work or buy anything. Govt should fear its ppl, not visa versa
mine too
Ha, yeah. To me, DMB fans seems like Cubs fans w/their games. It's the atmosphere/party that's more important.
Paying $800 in rent is about the sexiest thing I can think of.
I have seen it! Some pretty quality investigative reporting if you ask me!
www.icraigery.com is finally up! Give me suggestions on how I can make my blog better! I need feedback please!
I love it when pitchers are a contributing part of the offense! Way to go, Zack!
you're so close to 110K. I'm like so excited for you.
it won't be long!
You coming to the thing tonight? -"I wasn't invited." AAWWWWKWWWWAAARRDD.
it's the best thing on right now. LOVE it.
": What are your expectations on tonight's #NFLDraft?"Too have Danny and Winston drafted tonight!
throwing hands in the Carter's. Say it ain't so.
Had 1st TV Production Mtng w/ Agent and Development Company! Really getting exciting! Keep following for news !
Let's get back on track. Do it.
It's sad but true...
I guess I was even more delirious than I thought because I had a lot of fun at work today. I even said, "We should come in at 5 more often."
yeah who knows how accurate a movie with Jake Gyllenhaal and Anne Hathaway is though ;)
Growing up I was always taught never to talk to strangers… now in business and they said talk to everyone…
other than Thome are there any other active players who homered at Cleveland Municipal Stadium?
See you in the morning!
Congrats on episode 50 and the new production company, Guys. Awesome!!! Thanks for the shout-out, too! Made my day!
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing customized homes around San Antonio.
They are intercutting very brief live shots with a pretaped show and crowd noise. At least Tom Petty played.
thanks Hope you are doing ok
I'm not sure if I ever told my followers goodnight, but I am tonight. Sleep well, loves! ^_^
Breakfast time and I am so hungry that I can eat a python...oh,,,it's the other way around?..sorry,,,but gotta go!
I guess :) & why do you hate fingers & toes?
lol you're dumb
Tired, my hair looks/feel like shit, i have no one to talk to, and spring break is over, and im fucking pissed.
were they affected by the big earthquake?
Miso soup - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
What are the books on your reading list this summer? We're looking for suggestions for The Reading Room section of the website (coming soon)
TGIF!Good morning!
Thanks for the great meeting!
You can't ignore me now, I can see if you read the msg or not.
"Service isn't something that is just nice to have. It's a necessity." - Charisse Lillie
Yeah the white queers r especially thirsty. It's irritating. Remember that tabloid article they spread when Whitney passed?
you heard the LP yet? so good!
Young journalist, with MBA's, making less than $60K are not jouralists. They are boring as hell and incompetent
I can fix that
It really just depends! It goes both ways!
It's Vertical Day. 11/11 have you made your wish?
I wish i could meet i just know we'd be great friends! lol
anyone else going to 3B and the pitcher throws that to 1B. Barajas is that slow.
Quit your shenanigans or ill hide your alcohol!!! RT : Stalker!!!!
Saw a girl curling her hair while driving on the thruway...!! And they only outlaw texting?
that would be the correct word..
Your attitude influences EVERYTHING! Be optimistic, expect the best & see the best in others
Sorry about that Erin!
Release the Kragen!
I was really about t fall asleep right now and then I realized that it's barely about to be 10
Publish or perish goes for commercial publishers, too.
how long u gotta go till its over!?!?!
Pee Wee Herman is back! I guess he figured that by 2009 standards, he's downright dignified.
Douglas county allowing users to opt-in to save their borrowing history.
The statement that they should be making is to Brown "get this team out there and win"!
But I mean personally I Don't get planking or coning and think they are both pointless..no offense to planking or cone-ing lovers.
we encourage creativity. Also subbing one item makes a world of difference. (ex. sub chx on philosopher's pie)
we got to open one present, picked out by mom. It was always matching pajamas. Still wear pjs on Christmas eve.
SPRING SALE-Thursday, Friday, & Saturday-Special group of merchandise 70% to 90% OFF. Sales are final.
: Driving, tweeting and taking pictures simultaneously? U really r a master at multitasking!
Wow, Lopez Cantera is too chicken to answer simple questions. Oh well.
Strange smell of vodka on the bus.... :S
Boston tomorrow ! :D
Okay ladies. If someone compliments you, don't say "it's not true." That's fucking rude! Accept the compliment and shut the fuck up.
Part of the ed dysfunction is the lack of concern by most media entities to encourage ed as they inundate youth with their prod.
yo im to the crib
My current dilemma. RT : Sometimes you forgive people simply because you still want them in your life.
Wrong. RT : May have to actually watch "The Daily Show" tonight. He's got Feingold...his first TV appearance since his loss.
we should book it in may.
I want to move to Portland Oregon
Justin Follow Austin Mahone, he'd fan girl.
To my new followers CHEERS!!! :-)
Did I just win or...
Our cameras catch moments when 3-15 yr olds,charged w/arson in Woodburn High fire,walk out of police dept. KGW 8 11pm
We aim to please :) Oh, and tell all your friends about
I deleted most of them cuz I didnt want to seem annoying tweeting about 1D all the time :)
RT Amber Rose's rapping = to Kim Kardashian's dick sucking skills ----> That's some real bad rapping right there!
We say hi and bye that's not talking D;
But at least I won't have to see the Bill Hall replay 10 times today
Why do I need a New Moms Group? Check out this article from Next session starts May 3rd, truly amazing....
yes, it's *hilarious*. (le sigh)
I love #videostroboscopy. Spent part of the day arguing whether nodules or polyp w sympathetic lesion.
Love hearing is having a positive impact at the #NFLCombines. picks players with high talent and character.
thanks for the retweet fellas!
Why are people so upset at cops "pepper spray" of students? Its made from pepper so is a food product and cops were just serving free lunch!
this restaurant is amazing
Happy that Will Barnet and Martin Puryear received National Medal of #Arts, & John Ashbery bags a Nat'l Humanities Medal!
We hope everyone gets into some ruckus street bass action this weekend!
APD started tweeting names of people they've arrested. Figured, might as well. Pretty sure they're all guilty anyway.
The best protection a parent can give their football playing child, is the KNOWLEDGE & TRAINING to protect themselves from avoidable injury.
Thank you! You are very kind!
yay! You're going on a trip with us!!!
Hah! RT You know it's time to do soemthing else when you start plugging in random words in Pinterest.
Nixon and Rebozo up in a tree...Richard ain't talking, 'Bebe' ain't talking, Spiro ain't talking; Fulsom is talking.
Cranky K is cranky. You have been warned.
In today's things I can't believe file: I live in oregon. I woke up in SF at 530a. I am going to a concert right now.
Ima buy a supreme board, grizzly grip tape, venture trucks, and my old wheels and bearings. Can't wait!!!!
Life is like a novel. You are the author and everyday is a new page.
"Even a stopped clock...gives the right time twice a day."
Loved being part of the conversation!
Thunderstorms baby!
fish is the closest thing you will ever get to smelling pussy.
Wisconsin beat IU. Just wanted to say that again.
#rdap12 great question about prospects for standardization of data citation. Answers appear to suggest: who knows or not likely...
Oh my gosh, says the girl who rolls out of bed at 1 in the afternoon! Don't even!! Haha!
Underground @ 8:07! Spread the word!
Had a good day today now im watching
I want tacos. Badly.
I'm back didnt try to do dat
Well, he is a European Socialist MT I think it balances the NBA that Pau Gasol is only THIS good half of the time. Promotes parity
While Driving_NOT COOL!
Yay!! Just auditioined for a new feature and nailed it. Details to follow. Stay tuned!
i didnt get any songs for me to do on #YouTube want some songs please and THX o and they can be anykind of songs just need em
#modevux vs. Jakob Nielsen: a mobile content cagematch I'd pay to see.
“: "Shock Media" apples vs oranges. Stick to the treadmill my friend.”
Fuck her good, Give her lots of attention, show her lots of affection, make her laugh and her ass ain't going no where
DUDE. Me too! o.o
Hey everyone! Due to a scheduling conflict, The Punk Show is postponed tonight. We'll let you know the reschedule date ASAP! Thanks!
Thanks, I was worried about coffee there for a moment.
How did you arrange breakfast with Casey Anthony?
Amended motion to merge 68th/81st St Schools passes unanimously.
Headed to Seattle Startup Day 2010.
R u there??
only Rk47 can't tweet while he showers
I love it! What a perfect length on you.
What? French ladies can be oceanographers, too? We have so much freedom now!
Pottermore, more like Bought-er-more.
: Oh, you say "cray?" Please, tell me about your past in the hood.
First Fat Tire in 8 months!!!
You fucking flirt with so many guys and then you wanna date all of them. Man gtfo. i aint neva gonna date you, quit actin like a fool.
get it get it “: Don't Stop”
“: Somebody's getting married!! Oh it's me! #cowannuptials ”/ HEX YEAH!!!
As fixed rates improved to new lows for the year, adjustable rates plummeted.
then don't mention it
We ARE open today so come on down and see us! Our techs are out on the roads and the conditions seem pretty good around here!
Just got a nice call from former Chiefs great Eddie Kennison. Good guy, good guy.
We have some upcoming show dates for THE ENDERS, DYNAMIC BOX, & More! Check in frequently and Support Local Music!
Good to see you both last night ... if only momentarily! I hope you saw each other!
Could the night have gone any better for Trader Ted?
Shark Week starts tomorrow... :D
Had a pretty amazing night at #OKCSwitch. The worship was dope, the energy from the students was strong, and the small groups were great.
APD: investigators were called at 5 pm to Eklutna Lake, where "human remains" were found.
Me: what's Warhorse about? Dad: a horse....in a war.
Jetting off to Colorado!!!
my pleasure! I love your blog. It's fantastic.
If that old computer is ready for the trash call A1 Shredding, it’s very important the Hard Drive is shredded… CALL TODAY.
Our foster dog, Mali, is sleeping on my neck while I sew. Dinnertime!!! Is it really Sunday night?
waka's quitting tweet just left me speechless...
What did one melon say to the other? We cantaloupe. You are welcome. :)
being a minion has its perks. Then again the grass is always greener.
And my game is not ready for prime time.
i feel like no one likes me and im not pretty and that i'm really fat......
Man! I shoulda played MegaMillions last week. I'm one lucky son of a you-kno-what. lol
Oh new ps3. Makes me want to cry.
Google's Chief Health Strategist, "We learn to boil people down to numbers."
Guitars are fickle things
#ThingsIveLearned Harry Styles will never follow me
are you here yet?! Reggae in the per bar tonight! SMILE BIG!!
It's going down! Prozak and more at BLACK SHEEP TONIGHT!
Ladies dress 80's & drink free vodka all night @ Beauty Bar! Guys $5! 10PM! Happy Hour 2 for 1 Drinks 6-9PM!
At the jazz Gallery checking out the homy Adam Larson!
We have a great deal tomorrow perfect for ladies, and for kids! What could it be? Check your inboxes!
Another problem is brands. Nobody cares about record label or chain store. But isn't credential from known college still valuable?
I can imagine me just chillen by a fireplace eating #FONDUE with .. LOL
So... Watched a guy I know eat a ladybug on the subway last night. Weird. Surreal. Nightmarish. Did it really happen?
I support Romney for President. He is a solid, business guy, and doesn't make mistakes. Newt has a history of missteps. Romney can WIN.
Great! Where did you get them from?
Who's excited for the #MadMen season premier tonight?!
Our first official "tweet". We're excited to be a part of Twitter and would be thrilled if you'd like to be a part of our community.
what's good I got more tracks I'm 18 I mix all that on my own mic computer and interface go by mar
Good thing Check your invite:)
We giving Z-RO an after party 2night he is our special invite $10 @ door 2451 walnut ridge-dallas, tx 75229 behind club bmr
We hope you and your dad had a great time today!
One more day until the official Ribbon Cutting of BFC!
Me too! RT : So excited 4 the #CNArelaunch 2nite at Hancock Signature Room!
How can it go from being sunny one day to snowing the next day #hateChicagoweather !
At fremos having a blast!
Did you receive my email last week?
I never got to officially say goodbye!!!
Looks like it might rain tonight???
lol no im not u knw u still got it to
it's TWO HOURS including the one for the next week and #trueconfession I listened to the whole thing
Going 2 Denver Mosaic group's meeting about 504s tonight. Speaker is Jim Long from the Office of Civil Rights. Very excited!
Thanks for the comment on the FB page. Very cool bi-ped in the profile photos.
Love this idea! MT nonprofits can collaborate by pushing each others' content via social media
The best leaders/managers can turn underachievers into overachievers. The million dollar question is what's the magic formula?
I'm getting it cut really soon actually but how the hell are we supposed to be tanning buddies? :P
quote: "You took shop. I took dance."
Are you sure that train isn't a portal to the past?
I had to ask a term limits question...
I won't say it. we can discuss on the show.
Geo Broadcast Solutions Talks About Its 'ZoneCasting' Plan - Radio World
Could be an alternative to email, no? Since most email is essentially, "I need you to do X"
Just passed 12 dump trucks at -midnight. I hope bruce willis knows about this.
Wall St. is doing quite well. Main St. is not.
That seriously was the funniest tweet ever. HA!
Oh no! Onomatopoeia!
The last video wasn't Call Me Maybe, but it probably should've been
my lil sis loves ur music .. her birthday us voming up shr said if u can fo a shout out for her birthday her name is brenda,,
"That's who you really like. The people you can think out loud in front of."
Had a great time on the Sutter District Block Walk all the others! Great beers great atmosphere!
gorgeous, would love to get you in front of my camera sometime this year.
i need more followers please i need soome more
. I don't watch when you're not on, and no one else should
Betrayal is the only truth that sticks. ~ Arthur Miller
#MyPastRelationships were with SLUTS.
Thanks to all you folks who have followed us recently! We have a show coming up on the 20th at The Building in East Nashville!
"Love the Life you Live, Live the Life you Love" - Bob Marley
says December will bring jobs for some of you, just keep pushing and stay positive.
uhm you don't need a spell for that. I already do love you forever and ever amen hahahahaha culera
Could have went to Bike Week, just found out. Smh
secretly very pleased I might get an android developer t-shirt from my G+ hookups.
I believe UK will get or Jefferson decides Tuesday, if he doesn't pull the trigger, I think Montrezl will.
wow... did u go 2 practice?
You know it's cold outside when white say it cold
You are beautiful and your wedding pics are magical. Ignore it all. Haters are jealous and miserable with their own lives.
Every now an again I have to resist the urge to defend my work against folk who just don't get it... or let's say misunderstands it..
Such a great meeting with my accountability sisters -
For more information regarding courses please check out our calendar, follow us on facebook, or contact your local regional representative
Big, mischievous:-) 2x
Just found out about Levon Helm dying. That is a real bummer. Levon was a true American Treasure.
Great night with Jarred. <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Diff between 2 #Philly playoff wins today: #Flyers had a shot at winning their series. #Sixers...they at least get one more game check.
It was just confirmed we had 3 die in a tornado in east Tennessee. I'm a first responder & these storms r heartbreaking Sam!
I wish I could get revenge......
I wonder if he was just there to see the spiderman preview
All of my work is already posted on Pinterest under Lizzy Photography.
blow it up your donkey!!! Cameron is so fudging cool!! I love that kid!!!
ha no kidding!
"I got you babe!"
Love that guy.
Out to fish. You?
Liz is right about that?
...wishing I was on the beach not now, but RIGHT NOW! *daydreaming till I pass out* :)
I did! It's really cool.
wow your bennies suck lol crazy huh life is expensive sometimes lol
Will be idle on #Twitter and only tweet once the season starts?
We're giving away tix for FREE, all you have to do is RT
ok my user name is redbonegamerchick
Ha! My tentative plan is to stop by Foster first and hop over to Cults around 10. So darnit, start early.
#Tweetbig has not been working since last Sunday! All my accounts are basically frozen with NO support from them! HORRIBLE!
Guy Garvey has the voice of a dear old friend.
Soon to be unveiled and shortly cancelled: New Westlaw.
darn, no new Mexico this time around...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
#20ThingsAboutMe I seriously need to get my hair done, omg it's been forever... :o
“: your welcome, how old are u?”14
but I like chicken
#dh11 Gaffield: discuss how to collaborate, what that means.
This list is actually cool/fascinating because it has a LOT of people you wouldn't expect. But listing Skrillex is dumb.
Nice day.
Can I get a follow back from the thanks for the RT
Just don't sew your sleeve into it :) What are you making?
So we've been reflecting and taking a little time.. Looking forward to making our next best record ever, soon. M.
Dreaming of my homeland and watching Homeland.
Big time! RT : it was fun but so HOT! Have a great week
Forte is looking good.....I think a pass to Olson is in order right here.
seems like a losing strategy and a horrible existence. good luck with the ideological hatred thing
might crash like a deck of cards
Is it because they're trying to make the game safer or is it a kneejerk reaction to the bad press?
6 minutes of death??
Doing coffee and making accidental hardstyle songs with in the apt. studio
so pretty!
They are! thats a really cool page :)
Ugh, I am so tired. Why am I still up???
By comparing with my own data collected through the years, I can assure you that the stats provided by are pure garbage.
his family sold the team but nice try
Watching a livestream of the Rupert Murdoch and the Leveson Inquiry. Riveted, almost in spite of myself.
Ugh mann its about that timee to get that Hoodrat vaxination !
The feeling of accomplishment comes when being retweeted and favored
That's funny, I never look at it anymore. Guess I didn't understand the formula beforehand...
Instead ill prolly be up for about 40 hours strait
stfu & text me then, im lonely
Scott what brand of shoes u wear the most?
Is Frankfurt the best way?
There's a side of you that I never knew never knew...
Still not over the fruit basket thing? jfc.
Good Night Twitter Gotta Work @ 5 O'Clock In The Morning
hey cutie with the nice booootie.
is ready for you to perform on the voice. Hurry please.
Lebron gets his way. It's sad but reality
Escalation of egos on the esplanade. Race/cop tension alive and captured on camera.
Pregnant Because Of Jerry, amen!
That sure that's true, but is certainly safer :-)
Man immature people get on mi nerves
U know I got a bruise on my eye lid cause of u bruh? lol
come now :)
Roberto Garza gets a new contract. Thank you. Now how about the best back in the league???
Hahahahahaha... uh CAN'T!
excellent christmas eve dinner with coworkers at an expat bar and now there's a sleeping puppy in my lap. A MERRY CHRISTMAS INDEED.
After the game all liquor drinks AND shots are 2-4-1 until closing. Live band Ghost of Gloria on stage.
#CovertTU was just awesome! Soon we will post the aftermath on our blog. Watch for it!
Marching Band
sick song. more organ!
An absolutely adorable little boy was running around a few minutes ago yelling "LOOK at THAT!" to just about everything he saw. Too cute.
Love is not what we become, but what we already are.<3
I got some questions about using the usb adaptor for the ipad. anyone have ny experience? TOYS!
go uptown new york city biiittttccchhhh
"it was like trying to embrace a shadow"
quite the zong in that photo
I wish people would be happy with wat they got. smh, Stfu and stop complaining
re:TwitSpam did you get the sex caller from London?!
If u want something done right u got to do it yo damn self..... Smh ok mo money for me.............
I guess that's whats going to have to happen!
Replacing a old shower head can save up to 7.5 gallons of water per minute without sacrificing full spray action at low/high water pressures
RT Don't forget Comedy FIGHT! This Sunday, 11/15, 9 PM at the Hi-Tone. 10+ awesome comics for only $8!
Hot Damn, is it nicer than it looks outside?
This is bullshit that I'm up already
is working on a #Sandals luxury included honeymoon for clients.
“: Loved #bbm and thanks to everybody who liked my shirt....#ItsTrue!!!” RT where can I get it j wova?
": LMAO @ that last RT lol"- I'm laughing with you that guy is an ass lol
Oh haha I knew that lol :D “ : isn't that a shoe? lol : na dude its a toyota supra haha”
I am a #SocialWorker And I Am Proud !
Thank you.
So explain the logic: Republicans want to keep Bush Tax cuts for rich but let pay roll tax cuts for millions of middle class workers expire.
Come meet Greg Toler of the az cardinals 530 pm. Plus 2 football games to watch.
":So my coworker still txting me.I said "you're ugly"&she replies"lmfao you're so mean".It wasn't a joke tho"
“: People are so quick to judge others faults, but never quick to point out their own.”
#dailyfeedback We're looking for musicians who are referred to by their first name only. Results @ 4:20pm on 91.3fm.
Silly question, but are your nails acrylic pink and white? They always look so perfect
and just like that, it was gone. how should we release the new record?
Dear #AmericanIdol, I'll tell you the same thing I told my grandma: Crawl into a casket & die already.
(Were) Are you live-tweeting your date? That is awesome...
The schlecks as terrified whippet like Zaphod Beeblebrox is an interesting image
last day?? where are you headed?
I like to tell random stories to people...randomly. this is me: "wanna hear a story? okay!" I dont take no for an answer.. lol :)
Wasn't an argument?
anyone who gives me a shoutout will get 1o DMs to christian.. i would say just but HE AINT FOLLOWING ME! :(
shoutouts to the fans of ! you guys motivate him and care for him FOR HIM ! #TeamBaeza :)
All this toning is starting to pay off. Go "Cece"!!! :)
I also noticed you dont have a personal website, I design and build websites for a living .. na #veivuke ke na #veiqaravi ga
#Attrition is the elephant in the room edureformers don't address. A stable pipeline of teachers is key.
PR is only real time communication for brands. Best firms understand how brand communicates at large.
thank you :)
Watching A Bugs Life in biology and exams are in a week? #ummwhat?
and if Biden hadnt said what he said, he would still b silent on marriage.
is also donating to at this Sunday's food truck rally at Come check it out!
the #mcrib is back. Are you stoked and already eaten a dozen. Never understand your love of pressed meat.
nasty and storming here in NE TN!! Wish I had warm weather and sunshine! Have a great day! :)
So #disturbed by the LUVs diaper cartoon with babies out-pooping one another! #dontyougettiredof freakish commercials?!
So long Bandai. It was fun while it lasted.
JDOTT dance is in 102 until 1 a.m. Come join the fun!
Some weird kid was trying to chit chat it up, and I was like yeah yeah me no english
maybe you should introduce him to Tyler xD
Friday is "Naked Breakdancing" day here at Study Breaks!
Texting him and watching Toy Story to go to bed <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> #BuenasNoches <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099><U+2728>
he doesnt have to keep putting crowns on his shoes haha
Q: What's your favorite song? Either Set Fire to the Rain or Rolling in the Deep.
Sucker for love, M-mm. Sucker for love.
now that's what I'm talkin about :::::::: swag .… Fuego out is in
I play the piano and sing for women but for the bitches I will be playing youtube lol
If you're going to ride your bike on the sidewalk, puh-lease don't be an a*hole, declare your pass…"on your left!"
Tom Miller frim PBOT People come to #pdx because it's a place that walking is viable. It should not be taken for granted.
fine! Working on getting a tweet from
I would think it does. EIS appeal?
Amen to that sir. MT : I wish there was a function on my iPhone that told all sites: "No I don't want your iPhone app."
Happy Birthday to the best 2 year old I know... Kaya Breckyn. So excited to celebrate w/ her and !!!!
Got all this glitter crap on me wondering where it came from
Hate people that smoke squares»»»»» get yo nasty breath ass out my face
#PuppyConan is hilariously lame and cute all at once :-)
MAD AS HELL! #DrewBrees only gets 2 votes out of 50 for MVP!? what the FUCK!? I guess breaking records ain't enough? #fuccery!
Thanks Dave! And Thanks for giving me so many photojournalism opportunities while in South Korea!!
Watching the muppets BECUZ some dirty ass bastard decided to steal my cable while I was sleeping, smh I'm pissed!
You're not the only one!
what are you talking about???
my firm has give time&treasure over the past 20 years to the SD R-Party.No longer.Tired of their games and divisive leadership.
I blocked him, but I saw he mentioned me after....According to him, because I found his bible blitizkrieg in my mentions annoyin
Cant wait till the besti get here uggh bored
trying not to nap. got up early for tennis
I guess #Cubs fans can forget about Fielder. Rizzo is a younger (22) solid option. Be excited. Avg tix @ Cubs: $65
I hope so. I have owie teeth so fingers crossed
When you want to talk to someone about something but you don't know how to bring it up<<<
yours bigger and wider :)
ThermaCELL contest has great prizes. Use my code when you enter: 4RBFQ. thermacell.com/mosquito-repellent/backyard/promotions
Im always gonna be a face to face kinda girl & for that
Mixing has officially begun!
lol I know u know what I mean.
right?? People who say that town is dead are bananas. It's just really, really cold.
Wats good people I am back in da building
update email #4 to have the word 'melted' in italics.
I miss Lyle Overbay. Not so much as a Brewer. More like I miss him being in the lineup like he was yesterday.
Nap time.
OMMMGGGG, my cartilage is startin to get that big as bubbleeea #EWWWWW .
I have seen "left behind" now that i have been left behind i imagined something different
TY for the RT did an amazing job of recovering. He was so smooth and unruffled. Great recovery!
I got homework. I don't feel like doing it. Must be getting to the end of the semester. This school needs to get on the quarter system.
ugh still working on it. I wish I was sleeping. Why do I always think procrastinating is a good idea?
I MISSED DANCE MOMS. oh well, staying up so I can watch the re-run of this weeks episode:)
Great meeting with staff on state and federal charter school issues. Hope to have him tour MO charters soon.
Morning Sultan!
I can't stop listening to L'z anthem ..
Being inspired causes you to be an inspiration.
My left arm feels weird.. :o like its gonna fall off.. What if im having a heart attack?
WTF are you doing in Arena? Trash and Treasure?
Headed to the World Architecture Festival event in London! Great days at High Point Market.
Ok cool! Keep checking back here and our Facebook for more shows!
did they have to put her down?
sure thing
Considering using Exhibit for my next digital liberal arts course. Can students grok and produce RDF more easily than SQL?
Thought u're only supposed to riot if u win. #Confused RT : Riots, fires continue in downtown Vancouver after Stanley Cup loss.
jealous! needs some fun office toys! #slip&slide maybe? But love pingpong!
#whydoeseveryone have a cracked iPhone? You should really be more careful =P make #whydoeseveryone a TT haha
Website is up and running!
I feel for you. I hope they can be reconstructed somehow?
Its okay, & omfg I legit just went too. lolol. I'm gonna go to bed now, I'm sleepy. good night hoe.
Happy Mothers Day :* Love u!!! <3
I do! (Also, I want to finally play some portal multiplayer soon.)
now I really hope Chelsea beats Liverpool for second time in less than week Tue. Sorry mate but again happy for u for Jon.
Do you people not subscribe to magazines?!I dont understand why I the only one outraged by the prospect of not recieving mail on Saturday.
That would work, but I don't want to have to chit-chat. Plus, you know, murder.
Would the real change be represented in underemployment statistics?
Females will move on fast and open thier heart real quick..????
at a dnc private party- no idea who these ppl are- lol
lol I don't think anyone has ever offered to lick my toes! Hahaha thank you! ;)
Just because you put syrup on somethin' don't make it pancakes
Back-to-back concert nights. At Showbox SODO now for "The Naked and Famous". Coldplay tomorrow. I can feel my batteries recharging :-)
lactaid tastes legit
hey, thanks!!!! I'll take a look!
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times...
switch of birth :) and then 2 hours teen mom tonight
#UPEIAN105 A gentle reminder to read the Whitehead and Van den Berghe articles for tomorrow. We now return you to your regular programming.
: Sounds fun! Have a good one! :)
Thinking of the absurdity of attempting to tabulate, compute and define people in terms of incidental factors like age, weight, or height.
I LOVE that Idea, so I GIVE this some thought.
I use echelon it's cool and free
it's official now
Hm I wonder if kim kardashin sex tape still out like can u find it?.
Figuring out how to play a piano with magic and sound but no hands. Making theater is amazing.
Agreed! makes some delicious at
lol I wish! I know I have too much stuff. Trying to scale back now.
I am getting much too good at changing clothes in my car.
Does anybody know where I can spend these Sklansky dollars as I have alot of them tonight
Drop his ass Miguel.
I think they play at noon
what shoe? RT : restock on size 13 yet?
freezing my ass off in my room
They have rich owners. They never said they didn't have money, they just never spend.
#BOOM... Latch it!
this pizza is burning my mouth!! D;
Come to Toledo...Soon. Thank you :)
I saw it too. LOVED it! Mark Ruffalo is perfectly cast as David Banner/The Hulk.
Giving Wisconsin cheese on a regular basis is one of the best ways to grease the proverbial wheels of
Txttlktees back from the World Tour of Japan. Had an unreal time there!!!
Eating strawberries, whip cream and choclate syrup :)) yum
|#quotes Greatness is not a function of circumstance. Greatness, it turns out, is largely a matter of conscious choice, and discipline.
Ok, Moneyball is getting better....started a little slow....guess I will stick with it...
Would any of my wine drinking tweeps be upset if I put an ice cube in my KoolAid, aka Beringer Zinfandel? Didn't think so.
"I used to have a bowl named G." "..like a crack pipe?" "uh no, i smoked weed out of it..."
The taylor gang compilation album is gonna be nice.
Sad day in #NJ history... #FortMonmouth closing due to 2005 #BRAC decision.
Gave you what I had& you tossed it in the trash
- Senate Republicans are refusing to vote for a budget because it includes earmarks... that they requested be in the budget.
caffeine is ok! Not quitting CHOCOLATE. It is something in the coffee oils. I had tea and chocolate. Still hurting.
in the studio with Bronze
Congrats Melanie #TheXfacter she deserves it
Must See: VBrick Streaming Formula Hybrid this afternoon
glad to see so many friendly faces at #idigbio!
I could not believe how lazy he was in last night's game, it was infuriating! And I had such high hopes when we got him, too..
<U+E40D> <U+E41D> pray for me lol
I agree that Black Widow is an advancement in the depiction of woman heroes, but still come on, her main power/ability is deceit...
I think the SLJ review spoils a major plot point in LforA, which I read before the book. Hope you like it as much as I did.
Winning another election isn't the end for Walker. He still has promises to keep to ALL of us.
I love watching you on Chelsea Lately and I want so much for you to have your own show!! #Hilarious!!
Smash! The version is hot too! RT : Is it me or is TRAIN Drive By a GREAT record?
Wow - what a month! 2 trips to China in one month, but for the right reasons! I don't mind travel, really. In fact, I love the adventure.
RT : writing another column for
I don't know about you, but if I don't do my job, I don't get paid.
Thanks to the talented staff for the opportunity to listen to you and learn from you. Now to the in Abilene!
haha i'm sure we can make that happen....
every one says that im not him who is he every one says are u naill
#2ThingsIAppreciate life and everything
The Lakeshow has been cancelled due to a Thunderstorm
Everyone knows that im a goofy fun person naturally but when im serious trust you'll know and i dont play games when i am.
Sweet! I'll pass it around.
We are excited to be here : Excited that & from will be attend the 14th LATINA
Check out nu song and video /watch?v=vxFUzW… /via
Daily devo. Then music time, and maybe a little Fruit Ninja? (:
Early they're AWESOME, then they are fun, then weird, then... depressing. If you hit 100 then they get awesome again.
RT : Miranda Lambert concert halted in Wichita, Kan., audience told to stay in arena bowl -
Did anyone else's checkin's dramatically drop on their business page?
What does it say when my type 2 diabetes dad says give me another pill instead of a diet change?
Finally! tonight. I'm dressing up as Cersei and punching myself in the face every time I see Joff on screen.
: Takes time & effort for journos to tell real stories, but owe it to us. Not just about clashes w/ police.
Good things come to those who wait?..... No
I think that sounds like a fantastic idea!!!! I'm down!!
Yeah i made it the entire night, in HEELS!!!!!!!
you kids that sit there cryin because of a relationship every night need to learn what real problems are.
#Paypal is an absolute nightmare to work with. I swear I get the same 18 year old boy reading from a cue card every time I call.
Work your magic witch or I'll kill everyone you fancy.
Americans love lists.
Fa Face all I need is an ear my G! I grew up on your music and Pac's. Lend me an ear!
next time, don't forget the pickles
thinkin shawn will have two choices next yr. military or job corp. lol if i have my way w/ my move. lol
- always good.. Maybe not always great.. But always good.. How bout u?
Morning Rockstars! > Never lose a chance of saying a kind word. - William Thackeray
Thank god Dennis and Carl are not alive to see how bad their group is now. #beachboys # Grammys
We are very excited to have you attend & for our very fun event! :)
Dreams come to reality
I just spent all day outside doing work for my sister, came home & my amp doesn't work at all now... no guitar sound = sad day :(
At the same Dam time
Seeing Duke's production of the musical Ragtime tonight. Been too long since I've seen a musical or a student production. Will be fun!
RT : CHART OF THE DAY: Proof That Fannie And Freddie Didn't Cause The Housing Bubble...
#Jealous RT : “: Question: "who's got a #meetmeme card?" Everyone at table raises hand. Boom #smmatters”
Pacific Palisades Garden Club Garden Tour - Palisadian-Post
Wouldn't be a 2012 Tournament game without lots of questionable end-of-game decisions.
Giving out Ipads! Follow me!
met this morning with and going right now to play with their web site. You can build your own bike lanes!
RT : RT : Happy #EarthDay! Remember, the greenest building is the one already here! Hug your local historic site!
So, like, you're a man right?
Not a boxing fan, Ima wrestling fan! Bout to watch this fight anyways though just to see if the money hitting machine gone win.
haha it's really easy though my other students are doing really well with it!
my arms are so sore from the shots i got in my arms today.
July 14th thurs. did show as MonteCarlo Brown w/ReazonOne. Please stay tuned for more MonteCarlo Brown.
That sounds like a blast!!
I'll put my slides up, but I think they archive the Virtual Conference sessions. I'll also be presenting it #aam2012 on 5/1
Twitter for blackberry's= amazing
How can I already be so far behind when today is the first day of the semester? Don't answer that.
swarm of local and national media covering this story today...officers will be appearing in court for arraignment in 20 mins
Today's Shabazz and Noel announcements may determine whether was onto something in his UK article for
puerto ricans are just niggas with good hair that can swim really good -
#Showcasesundays is not today its next Sunday @ da sub t send stage name to
Great show tonite got some good film with film coming soon! good looking out to the AMG family..all the best!
I was on follow limit
God is truly beautiful & rich in mercy // please don't take Him for granted
Hell, it seems we're all gonna get THAT anyway. Its taking out everyone.
Good-humored, unaffected girls, will not do for a man who has been used to sensible women. They are two distinct orders of being. ~
Today will unfold.. there might be a plan, but regardless, it will unfold and the unexpected will happen. Go with flow..
lmao that guy totally stole my money right in front of my face hahaha
Their doing fine. My son is preparing for prom and graduation. How's your family?
Every time I watch Dear John it reminds me of , b/c I know how much she loves this movie. ^.^<3
Hope it's a great night tonight--every lineup you've had has been pretty exciting.
[email] lovely lovely pea
African feast today in class with
Awh,How you been though?
when can we got y'all in San Diego? We need some of y'all ignorance!
my littlest says, "Mom, I love you super bad." ditto, darling boy.
I wish I had a rescue pack that could always come to the rescue.
My cold will not go away! My whole class has been sneezing and coughing - Thank God it's Friday. I will be sleeping as much as possible.
a balanced budget is but NOT a balanced budget amendment!
Like That Thanks 4 Picking My Name.Problems
&&& the sample you sent me sucked as !!!! i should post that shit so EVERYBODY can see wtf im talking bout . . . .
haha it's very rare I suppose(:
Real PR Media cutting its fees by nearly 50% for 2012! Let us know if you'd like news coverage. We have the best contacts in the news media!
Heading to Headliner's Club for forum!
We tried more than once to record The Office and the DVR wouldn't allow it. However, we can buy the opportunity via on demand for 99cents.
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Syrup Desserts - Dessert (live updates)
Why, when you actually finish homework at a decent time, there is nothing to do.
I miss the old Staples commercial..."It's the most wonderful time of the year!"
“: my last tweet. me ultimo tweet good luck buena suerte.”. Douchebag
In related news, #uxdrinkinggame is my new favorite site
Stuck in line at the Dutch Bros. Coffee drive-thru on 4th Plain Blvd. This is maddening.
Rest up before my insanity workout
Blocking social networking sites from school to protect kids from the dangers of the web=using abstinence-only ed. to prevent pregnancy.
I'm pissed off & dejected, but the C's will be back strong next year, bigger & better in the middle. Deeper bench.
No tweet on the second Middlebrooks HR of the night?
the day you unfollowed me was the day I gave up on twitter. haha
Follow me and I will follow you back!
WAVE GAME!!
Tell me if this sounds bad..Happy Vday from ur fav creeper, I wish I was Inside of U...
really? Recently? Did anyone have any good fixes??
Good news after good news.... shhhh nobody move
u one the most creative go rls dat has ever been in my life :)
Caztro done in da booth and John D owes him one now thats respect on Caztros part reps 100
Bleed is so god I just bought it
lol u there yet?
#liber2011 To derive impact metrics automatically, the info from which we derive the metrics must be openly available.
Have to say, I like the home page for bing.com... results aren't bad either ;)
This May 21st thing has been a epic fail since since the sox bullpen gave up 8 runs in the 8th inning vs the cubs
u got one big ass.
Today is Jon Koncak's birthday. And Tony Parker, Channing Frye, and Danny Manning.
Woods Hole dispatch: cargo pants are the fashion to be seen in.
$NCVT: Now is the time to do your diligence and consider adding NCVT to your portfolio!
RT if you love jeans! Where have you found your favorite denim duds?
would u rather we get into playoffs or lottery for rest of season, I kinda wanna get into lottery!!
In chi <3
We love it! RT : - by the way, I saw the new office last week and it's terrific. Hope you're enjoying it!
Today is the DMV Study Session 1-2pm @ our Georgia King Village location.
finally found our countertops yesterday. $28/sq ft for granite at Atlanta Intown Granite... not too shabby
If I had Jimmy Neutron's Brain, Phineas & Ferb's Summer, and Timmy Turner's Goldfish... my LIFE WOULD BE BETTER.
“: New slogan for san francisco - "San Francisco.. why can't I fucking turn left?!.."” >>> loll
just followed :))
#PCA really seating arrangements
follow my new account please c: love you all <3
Kimberly's daughter wants to go to lacrosse game 2night instead of awards ceremony for her great grades. Kimberly is OK with that. Thoughts?
#ff shout out to our partners in South Africa
Those are cute
Playing and singing tonight (solo) at Red, White and Bluezz in old Pasadena, 6;30-9:30, great food, no cover.
Special special thanks to for jiggling the schedule to help with a scheduling challenge! #superthanks!
you totally jinxed my blackberry. That little black clock won't go away!
Aww That was Cute <U+2665> :)
NGP looking for a database administrator seeking full time employment in DC. Send me your resume.
Agreed...Plus..ice cream tastes better than pucks...
#easternmarket is where it's at!
B Lynch shoot that bio and current team to my man!!! BIG G will contact you Monday Morning
New officers elected for Wake County Young Dems. Matthew Calabria: Pres | Brad Johnson: VP | Austen High: Sec | Priscilla Peace: Treasurer
how do you pronounce the thing with the sqiggly that looks like a q?
On my way to
Oh ok. I read a report from the Manilla Bulletin saying he did loosely reference it..
MY 11:11 SHIRT HAS BEEN SHIPPED. AH I CAN NOT WAIT TO GET IT <3
Thank you to anyone who's tagged AHP on #facebook today for #TagTuesday I appreciate your support <3
Boy, you are NOT a fan of that show. You don't even have to attach a
"Don Giovanni" M&G - a fresh young American cast (for the most part) ready to take on some Mozart lead by Italian maestro and creative team!
order from facebook! click start your order above!
You're welcome! Hope you had a good flight to Austin - see you tomorrow!
when people get on the bus loud as ever..
Jeez, I need more friends.
story of my life dude.
It's like you were reading my mind. Have you ever considered a career as a physic?
Ok bye.
some of the most effective touch screen experiences don't require user to actually touch the screen
Latest build of FRED seems more stable.
Gold on deck Gold on deck bitch
Gonna take off soon. Thanks for the good times, Orlando
bad attitude? never really had a bad experience...
Are you guys gonna go to
Hey #saa11, watch the SAA home page for call for volunteers for annual meeting task force. Throw in your hat & tell me why I want you!
I believe my route comes pretty close!
It was tasty and I couldn't resist getting it...C'mon...a Gold Rush Roll...=)
Ah CES week, how I love watching for amazing coverage of over-the-top press event antics.
Let's go Yobigiya All Stars.
RT : RT : "We're fools whether we dance or not, so we might as well dance." ~Japanese Proverb #quote RT
Trash talk against RGIII is shameful jealousy. His class matches his incredible play at Baylor; a winner on-field and off.
Finally the New Directions win!!
Sounds awesome!
Hey stranger!
Thanks - If it's going up on a wall, post a pic. RT : SFO and ORD arrived. Such a simple concept, SO well executed. Beautiful!
Man I miss my Keurig!!
I can't do #NoSockFlow hahah
If Gonzo only hits 26HR, I will cry.
Beliebers Are Amazing And Lovely
I don't know if his passing is recent, but sending u love & peace energy for wherever you find yourself in life right now.
First yah boy says, "START living my dream"... Nigga I thought u was already living it with all the fans u got.. -_- wat more do u need? Acm
is checking firmness, ripeness, signs of bruising and decay.
Get to Outwrite tonight and take advantage of our KING SIZE SALE b4 tomorrow's rain. Great selection & the savings are ENORMOUS. Open til 10
Come pre game the show with me tonite!
Its North Not "Norf"!
If you like fun you will want to make sure you are signed up for by Friday. Seattle is about to get muy bueno!
Happy Birthday! :)
follow back
Just saw Big Year with Owen Wilson and Steve Martin. Great movie! And based on a true story. :)
you're darn right I did!
Hi Tweeters!
lol crazy boy.
RT : House Budget Commitee opts for massive cuts in social spending to preserve wasteful militay spending....
tells us that games involving Taylor at the NAIA Opening Rd will have a video & audio stream online. Audio free, video $4.95
instead of canceling the show it's going to turn into Survivor: Seattle Grace lmaooo
Hear hear! RT Kessenides Today is about celebrating #Barnard2012 grads and all women, community.
I think that needs to bring there handsome selves down to FL!! :)
we gonna find you
Sucks I wish I could be outside the radio station where Austin is I could have gone but my mom and dad are working boo:(
: Savant? Really?
CANT SLEEP SO HERE I AM GOOD MORNING TWITTER
LOL! “: I was looking at your pic & I thought you had 6 fingers around that glass lol”
werd glad you lied it be sure to post a pic when you when ya get it. We should trade love your site by the way
- Next Opportunity
shush them lips and rock your hips at lunch tomorrow tay lmao
Good Morning World!!
buffalo... get down to mohawk place. now .
Just sent you an email. Sorry for the delay!
I think I just tweeted nothing...;)
I dont wanna kiss no lips that taste like ashes . . .
Thank you! Stay fit! RT Thanks for #following. Have a great night.
... developing satisfaction from use of leisure time, social responsibility, and friendship.
living the jersey shore dream in somewhere's-ville PA!
Ikr I'm not liking it so far
And our clients have run the gamut as well. So, the bulk of it is based on direct experience. +
If I'm invited, yes. ;) #kidding The Ink48 hotel restaurant/bar area is pretty swank and their hors d'oeuvres are good, too.
why won't the app start up ? Only a blank screen. I'm rockin iOS latest version.
Get the Free version not the trial.
All of our problems are so simple to solve. We could end homelessness overnight, close every prison,fortify every family against wrong doing
you might need a social scientist to interface in this residence program ;) (audience comment)
Just saw a miniature tow truck being towed by a pickup truck. Confusing.
wish it would come to this but don't think it will. Better than burrows and lapierre getting on last year?
jus tore it down!!!
we're not crazy or anything we just love the smell of fresh grass!
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
What a rainy start to this week. Don't forget your umbrella today!
Can't wait to see that!
Rule #5 .. Show no love, love will get you killed '
Looking at vFabric5. Love the Elastic Memory for Java concept. It can make a big difference.
#LMSunSIG accessibility: salve Regina group to work on universal design
be picky!
Watchin the episode of vistorious where trina gets her wisdom teeth removed. All I can think of is
Duhh I Did..
RT : For all matters #WW1 & #WW2 the gentleman who knows is Join me in following him & visit his excellent site
haha i knew many of u guys felt that way
People are REALLY nice here! In other places, if you miss your stop, you're out. Here, people get out wherever!
IT"S GOING DOWN THIS SATURDAY @ RAIN E40 SET N IT OFF N DA AZ NWC WILL B ON DECK NODOUBT REPP N HARD 4 DA AZ ................
hahaha just omg... there are always hot guys at the mall lol :D
#raw10 A red-haired, green eyed Guy, got mad at me n said to Go back to Africa! I told Him 2 go back to Ireland, I was here B4 U
I think I'm going to start a public service campaign, 'Are you using your Inside Voice?' Too many loudmouths!
I have enough jerseys (15) My fav being my Best no. 7 long sleeve. I won't be adding gingham 2 the collection
Some Women aint meant to be Wives, some of yall are here to help Men see what he DONT want in a Wife! :)
Watch yourself in there. I always over eat.
Words I Never Said - Lupe Fiasco (:
Just testing the Twitter link. Carry on.
frick friend! Get your phone fixed.... :( and you should call me asap cause my life is filled with nonsense!
The Gorilla Music Battle of the Bands Finals has moved to august 13th so buy a ticket.
Whats more pathetic: #sportscenter actually showed highlights of a lebron flag football game, or the amount of time they spent analyzing it
anybody up for a good chat? PLEASE... if not talk to me
I had a few issues when I first Jailbroke it but it seems to be working good now.
Event :) can't wait to go home
Wake up everyday and do 3-6 things to do to make money. > advice for my blogging mentor.
Hey, you answered my friends question about your birthday, what kind of vans do you like?
Sometimes my phone irritates me on the things it 'thinks' I want to spell :|
And SVNGR team be warned: We're not taking this lightly
Nothing is quite it seems in the city of dreams.
TY Ana! ;p RT : Hello - keep up with the great blogging!
<3 it's Friday! Seeing tonight in Eugene... pastrami at tomorrow... then movie at
doing very well, thanks! good to hear from you!
I can't even stand on me feet but here I am..
Gr8 Day All! Happy
My butt just twitched...
Thank you for the RT. How's your day going?
The R. Kelly one or the Mickey Mouse one.
RT : We're makin' waves!
Thank you. It's for me. I am making my bouquet. :)
You are welcome! To you too! Your games look really cool btw.
I'm having the "my goldfish died" moment and it sucks. Ah I don't even think I wanna go to 9fest anymore -_-
Thanks 4 the follow Pete! Look forward to urs as well. Cheers!
"The secret of happiness is to admire without desiring." - Francis H. Bradley
The genius of investing is to recognize trends--not to time them.
SOO loving this movement! It's reassuring to see other successful women & bloggers have similar insecurities and fears.
RT : "Let the other guys worry about yesterday …while you focus on tomorrow." Via
Im being careful :-)
Breakfast in bed is a nice way to start today.
Part of publisher's content strategy (print/dig) needs to be tech strategy. A large not-4-profit can have major software version issues.
good luck if you brave the crowds!
you're welcome.
I have alot to be thankful for: my family, my friends, brothers & sisters. if it wasnt each & evryone of them i dont know wer i would be
MT and quotidian design fiction a la a corner convenience store.
One More Follower Til 700 please Follow
Can't wait to open up a Mollydooker 2008 Shiraz but have been instructed to let it "breathe" for 45 minutes. Anticipation.....
~ Alcohol is a good preservative for everything but brains. ~ Mary Pettibone Poole
MoJo Found??? identified a correlation between caffein intake and access to MoJo, causal relationship?
Sometimes I wanna get inside a escalade and crash it
Wait, is Kam going to face a lefty?
are you somebody that I used to know ? ;)
Anyone have an update on Paul Pierce? It didnt look bad but hard to get updates at the game
same pretty much. Just bugging u till I can sleep lol.. U see ur lakers play today? Lol
I wouldn't go that far.
I'm sick!
A holy and blessed Black Friday to all. Remember the reason for the season: Santa was sent to earth so we could buy things from his elves!
Where did I go wrong.?
then she started yelling at me and tamia
No U.S. Sports franchise has experienced faster rate of fan growth in past 5 yrs than #Blackhawks. Celtics 2nd. (Chi Trib)
Did you know that Nice Shirt, America is a project of Queen B Quilts? Your t-shirts made into a quilt!
bringing the family down! We will be there! Go Tin Caps
Clearly romantic comedy is my franchise genre, I don't mind saying that, it's true
New Moon may be replacing Prime as the worst movie I've ever seen.
haha there i did it
that's sweet I bet you're pumped but that's good to hear. Life is going not to bad no real complaints ya know
Kansas City, Missouri of course!
This child ain't text me back, I'm really gone be up all night, bored af.
"She has pain, I have an ice cream cone."
when have I hated on you?
Cheers to Miami Carnival Weekend---get ready to whine :-)
Haha lolz at promoting healthy organic food to two fat black ladies with bags of Denny's
I saw that last night, I was excited too!!!!
video release party for All Around The World!
what kind of bs ruling is that?
If you're going to Decorex, we're the center marquee launching ourselves to the trade. Come see us, Larry&Michel
Friends and good manners will carry you where money won't go.
Away until Sunday. Getting ready to go downstairs.
I would just like to say THANK YOU for being the best interviewer ever! I love the videos and pics of the boyz <U+2665>
Oh.. Do what's right and nice..? Or say fuck it..?
Anyone interested in INVESTMENT PROPERTY in HAWAII... I can be your connection...
that sounds awesome.. What is it?
I was taking a training about our new branding. They've still got some stuff to figure out.
Fair Trade's Growing Pains: Pivoting a Successful Model The founder the Fair Trade certification program in the U.S. is dealing with the
I can't wait! Having to wait all day for my flight is torture when I know y'all will be at the other end :(
but sometimes, thats all people need.
Thanks for the shout-outs! That's one of my favorite features we've put together in recent years. :)
NFL steals the night. Santorum, Newt, and Huntsman suffer.
yes we can
I hope everything good wit my guy praying for you bra stay up my nigga
I'm really exited to watch do some work tonight.
Best fun Saturday ever :D Thanks Dad
2 concussions on first drive for the Saints...not good.
Maybe 600 W Chicago will be back on the schedule next week?!?
Yes I am aware that Jacob said "Born This Way" in Twilight but I will still hate that flop movie
omfg.... i really wish i could retweet this. haha
It would not be easy to run sound for but always does good work. Great show & congrats to all involved!
just sayin. You only gotta wait 6 more days and you can have another one!
she better be!
Thanks for attending, Tim!! Hope to see more of you in 2012 - happy New Year!
I don't quite follow. What's an example?
2 those who said it was OK 2 read #50Shades n airport try gettin patted down by TSA mid read. & I r meetin 2night
Planning a celebrity brunch fundraiser! Let em cook for u! Details soon.
Great specials today!
Now for the awful part--unpacking. No.
I am following please follow me to get my followers
We think its an Island Style Lobster BLT-type of day. What are you craving?
ok thanks
sounds like line from Sean Connery in The Rock
Be proactive.
Pero like why your phone is taken away this time
you still have time to get here.
I'm preparing for tmrrow's regularly sched fit test by eating pumpkin spice cake. I predict great things..
HIRING: Java Developers, Direct Hire, for $10B company in DC Metro. 5 yrs exp; long-term stability; cutting-edge tech.
Hanging with playing some new records..on the late night raven.....
i love your tweets :)
did u hear me last night at MSG yell Oh, Oh, Oh while you were booty poppin? no! aww :(.didn't think so...had fun though :-)
He's the only one I want, and he just doesn't understand it.</3
Liberal arts majors? *rimshot*
Damn i was so tired i knocked out in class & kevin did my work i fucking love him #Boys(((:
I'm so happy for Jack! I'm also glad that he didn't walk overnight or got some miracle surgery. That's so predictable of soaps~
Why do i always attract broke niggas that always fuck n need,,,, smh,,,
This Twitter is dope, it's 1am take it I'm the early bird?!
Ancestry stock up almost 12% in after hours trading
Cool story man. *this is me laughing my ass off*
I smoke weed because I like to go green.
Please spread the word and have friends follow us!! We are trying to reach 700 by the end of this month!! It will really help us out <3
Wow, Don why look 4 something that's not there?All Black organizations don't come together to say what they feel.What's w yr ?s
So I went into Walmart this morning and on the door it said hiring cake decorator and it made me think of peeta
Smile, you're literate.
I love sports countdowns: 8-days to #Brewers opener-- 7-days to the Masters-- 2-days to the Final Four
noted your blogs as resources, during our social media in #meded breakout session at #PAS2012 #SoMe workshop
thank goodness!
Hm I smell nice. #wtf is wrong with me?!
your a true friend
what's goin on in the dorms shirel?
#FF local fantastic CA Mags and online sites , ,
Congrats to Quinton Coples on becoming a Jet!
RT Chairman of National High School shot clock committee, making great case for a shot clock at HS level...
I just want him
where is there coverage of this? would love to read/hear more!
Congrats Auntie!! Baby Aubrey has great timing already! lol
: Come to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all the NHL games live online just register and gain full access to the games enjoy!!
Baby gurl, don't even go there. lol
My room is colder than the 9th circle of hell.
Sounds like a good idea! I'm center court, lower arena but row W. Good enough for me! Where are you?
I find that writing takes a certain state of mind. Set aside 1 day a week, if you can, just for writing; even if it's multiple pieces.
Listening to hockey commentators call a fight during the game is surprisingly entertaining
my bro is so wise
Georgieboy? He's a regular Mr. Martha.
Apparently someone won 2 journalism awards tonight for writing a story about my Jeopardy experience. I should get at least half a plaque!
October 12, 1948 - Casey Stengel is named new Yankee manager. He replaced Bucky Harris.
Why is Jose such a good comedian?
My wish for you is that this life becomes all that you want it to.
Im probably the only one that wanted to go to the Van Halen concert tonight..
"I'm switching ships!!! ITS IN MY CAST, GET IT OUT!!!!" never seen someone in a cast move so fast....
My Oscar® Pick, Best Original Screenplay: Michel Hazanavicus (The Artist)
Boy Shorts Are COOL...
Just got press confirmation for - so excited to FINALLY see play live, among many other great artists.
Its #freeslurpee day today at 711!!!!!!!
Martin Weiss Management has its holiday card concept for 2011! This is gonna be a fun one!
next up on E is my world justin bieber @ 10 pm :) don't forget to watch it :)
super cute haircut ! and if looking "like a boy" is wrong, I don't want to be right!
is hoping "sleep 1;" is enough to convince the Google Books API server he's not really a robot.
Guinness at the Irish Pub feels like home:)
First day at the beach and already burnt! Awesome!
Tebow gets demoted and still is a headline story...dude is swaggin
Going to see my boys The Life & Times @ Knitting Factory tonight. Ear plugs in tow.
Yay! Stop in and say hi to David, he's in the pharmacy downstairs! Have fun!
I can't do that. He's older than my dad and you have to give something to get something. I'm not giving anything. Lol
Not just supporters. Most fans in RBA in with the YSA
hey can you say hi to my former high school teammate Matt Katula when you get to New England
GTWT is thrilled to announce as our Title Sponsor for the 12th Annual Fashion Show! Exciting plans in the works!
Both actually
Churchill went ballistic when I was trying to buff my nails during a movie. Curious.
Let's not be too hard on the #Cavs. This is the first game of a back-to-back.
At the game.
Unwinding (and cooling off) with a glass of sauvignon blanc
hi! about which movie? or you mean about the nakba?
you're welcome
I had to wait at the busstop for 20 minutes this morning and my socks are still wet....
FALL is in the air and it brought a change today - A NEW JOB! So excited to be joining The Jones Group!
HELL YELL SY I TUCK LONG
Today has been boring as fuck.
Name of my dog is "Bolt"
is it annoying if we iterate fast & release a slightly-better version every cpl days? Should we batch them & wait a bit?
I'll never leave you i swear, i'll be there.
Top 10 sports stories of the day FREE- USSportspages.com
This friday is a very special show because it's my co-host Ralph's BIRTHDAY...lots of fun guests...join us for the party!
but have you played the NCAAs tho?
Oh hell naw!!! Pierce The Veil Touring With Crown The Empire but only at the Uk!! That's BS! TOTAL BS! That's like a dream to me..
Beautiful night at the A's game!
it should be Robertson
Exactly. The Facebook-like interface was easy for newbies to use, but not being embedded in a larger network was a minus.
Ooh girl! I can see your purple nurple in that dress!
Dear AT&T, Your lack of iPhone insurance is cruel. My 3GS was stolen and now I'm stuck with a 1G iphone and can't afford to replace the 3GS.
#lakerhater --->RT : lol cool so quit tweeting me then
'Welcome Home Veterans' Parade & Concert - April 14th, 4pm - 1am, Downtown Melbourne
Clarification cleaning man at the office.
I only close Saturday. Sunday I'm off and tomorrow I work 730am to 12pm :p
TGIF!! Can I get a like if you are ready for the weekend?
Justin Bieber on #TheVoice? Really? Guess they just wanted ratings, but isn't The Voice stands for everything not JB?
A lady just threw an apple at me as I was walking through the hospital. #uh #whatjusthappened?
Buying my ski pass...they're pushing pass insurance in case I lose my job. #1 I work for myself #2 If that happened, I'm skiing every day
De Gea penalty save!!!
"I don't think I would say anything."-
will u ever reply to me?
One more period
You are God's glorious possibility!
Call me & tell me what's going on!
Frank Lloyd Wright~ The longer I live the more beautiful life becomes.
Doing it UP!
Disappointments.. Always happen.
Q4 carry a water bottle with u!!
meant to say PLAY HARD. Kobe's teammates must play hard!!
From who? I want to hear the song & no problem check out my song "Pretty eyes" by Stephanie Devilliers on iTunes :)
DJ is stressing me out.
That new Avengers trailer rocks it. No major plot spoilers, some nice Avenger vs. Avenger action, and some Cobie Smulders as Maria Hill!
Nah. I dnt do that ishh! :)
I'm just starting to not give a fucking shit, that's all.
i never said i disagreed with him, i just commented on the bias of the statement :P
RT : Any great people in your life that you want to acknowlege? Do it here! - My mother - for her constant strength!
the laugh the nails u Rock it
that may be true- I expect so
start here nodebeginner.com
yeah, I hate to have her hurting as well. I'm glad you're with her. I'm sorry it ruined the date. Tell her to buck up ;)
Wow. It's like scary dead at work today. Wtf?
- if either of you goes down and brings me up a cup, I'll make it worth your while ;) How's five bucks sound?
haha, what makes you beautiful :)
God has a plan for everything Abby. I love you and miss you! <3
RT : Meanwhile, LA Times is reporting Perry's "political savvy" and touting his TX jobs record (minimum wage jobs!)
When people wear 2 shirts on a day its like 90 degrees outside, like no it looks like your about to go on an expedition.
nice to see you down for the cause ;)
i dont want to have to wait for you i want you now.
Oh yeah, #HottestPeopleOnTwitter forgot about :X
I feel elated.
Good Morning. Early shift it is :-)
": Class salutatorian. Credit to the Lord & my mama" Congrats! Happy for you and Zetta.
I'd say if Randle hangs around he's gotta be third pick.
Sorry man, I didn't know you were looking for female tweets.
Any ideas for a music video? angry clowns? wild cats? carrots?
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt not mark territory, nor lay claim for a mate.
Congrats on 19 years ! Soon you'll be old enough to drink!
I just wana see u strip <U+E022>,<U+E022>
Last day to Rock Hard/Soft Rock! Check out the final countdown before you miss the show! You've got about an hour!
tru we there ya ya birthday girl
Tonight!!! , HUGE Birthday Bash! If you are in the mood for some hip hop, come to ! ;)
#aintnohalfstepn coming tomorrow
Finished editing in record time :) Now to turn my focus to the THREE articles I have due this week :/
"Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men." -John F. Kennedy
Yeah, I did! I love IB Psych. It's my favorite class. My teacher's really good actually so the test wasn't bad!
Memphis airfares soar near highest
Reading this now: Steve Coll's book Ghost Wars, about Afghanistan and the CIA, from the 70s to 9/10, is truly remarkable
hey Ron... Why do they need to be careful?! What's going on?! Are the Locusts coming?!
If you want to show more support we have a page on facebook as well and need more fans on there!!
Final for 4th tomorrow, then I'm free.
The Obama Administration appealed ruling on #FDA graphic cigarette warnings. We need all tools possible 2 reduce smoking!...
Yup, just got a DM from you.
i just emailed u
Ant Thats Sum Shit U Never Seen B4 Lol
11/11/11 TGIF! And happy veteran's day to all the brave people that fight for our country...<3 <3
#RT if you LOVE iCarly and Victorious! :-D
Sorry ! I hope it's better tomorrow !
Did you give God His time today?
Our FB group page is now closed. sniff. But, come on over to the fan page! "Like" us on Facebook. www.facebook.com/polyphonyhs
Theres a very positive relationship btwn peoples ability to accomplish any task and the time they're willing to spend on it. Joyce Brothers
an episode of cheers where norm is 86'd for shitting on the wrong stool, cliff drunk drives successfully, sam, woody and diane have a 3 way.
no i cant blame u bcuz i like TRS too so
very soon! all i have to do is give him access to my account then I should be rich! I'm holding my breath waiting for it...
Why do people use sites that tell you who unfollowed you & when? These sites are instigator sites & you should avoid them for your sanity.
I thought I told you to shut up about that hook_line_sinker() line…
pretty much watching hockey all day, hahaha
#WereNotFriendsIf your a bully. RT you hate bullies.
sleepily debugging an insane knot of media module + display suite + oembed
congrats girls !
Thanks for taking the time to listen to it. Please help me spread the word. You're the best.
people don't get more conservative as they age-they just get more out of step with society.
Omg this girl next to me is so loud shut up l0l
Waterfront Pizza. Port Townsend. Yummy. That's all.
if u dont drink satuday night u got nothing to talk to jesus about on sunday morning lol
The most #profound statement ever uttered? "It is what it is"
any good tailgate parties?
Congrats Class of 2011! To our great interns, we're so proud!
OH MY GOD, OH MY GOD. I know where I'm bringing for our first date :3 hahah
haven't forgot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
The story is all the same, but it still gets my attention. I LOVE THAT SHIT
": Making everything in warm ups, and missing everything in the game... #BasketballProblems" pisses me off
Why is it that no matter which computer I chose, its always broke? Smh...
I know where will be.
Anyone who believes that men are the equal of women has never seen a man trying to wrap a Christmas present. ~ Unknown
Actor's Intensive's One Day Los Angeles Tune Up will give you the confidence to ace your next audition! Next Class: 12/5 @ 10am-5pm
when i love i love real-hard ,there is nothing fake about my love .
that's true, but they also say no to some sponsors for the oddest reasons.
thanks for the interest! You will receive .5 CEU s for the workshop! You can contact
ya I saw some mocks having a te, didn't make any sense to me either
you say hurricane, I say earthquake
miss you too! lets get together when you're in town.
an audience member shared the info, but I don't know companies. Definitely curious and going to investigate.
Someone s/o
what do u do when u know there is a better way to do things in your industry, but r having trouble 2 figure out how/what
Even though they"re mad at me I still had to text them GoodMorning :)
they're such a sweet and talented band it's amazing. they need all the help they can get c:
Working out getting ready for the summer !
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value. --Albert Einstein
Excited to hear what makes so great and makes up for its unfortunate location :)
Reach out and open the door that no one thought could be opened. Life is behind it. -Kelly Ann Rothaus
Verizon > AT&T Apparently AT&T was rated worst service for 2009-2011 based on a all around rating.
If Karma doesn't punch you in the face ; My Mafia will .
You know what they say, about the snoozing and the resultant losing. To be fair, I didn't know there'd be Dark Lord either.
Just trying to keep entropy at bay.
Thanks, Mike! Hope all is well in ABQ!
G'Morning, guess what we survived another week!
Tag Sale till 5pm in #chapelhill. Books, CD, vinyl, house items. CHEAP prices! Come on over - Eubanks Rd across from the park and ride!
Very nice sounds yummy!!
You work? I thought you were too busy judging other people's sex lives.
Purchasing your jersey tomorrow!
2, I wonder how swole the Hickman house is with 501 Fitness up and at 'em.
Random s/o to my followers
yeah! So I hear you're coming back next year!
Sorry for the profanity, i just had to let it out.
I want to go and explore the woods.
I love that
Oh snap!
Keep it going!
I forgot I blocked !!!!
Headed to the Appalachian Brewing Company for tonight's show. See you there!!
LMFAO.....I SAID "WELL GET UR LAWYER BACK BABY" LOL
it's always raining somewhere, lady.
Closely following 's tweets on the #civilunions amendments. #coleg He's tweeting up a storm.
Why are Cee Lo's hands so small? Did they stop growing at an early age, or is it some sort of optical illusion? I'm perplexed
Water for Labradors
Avengers Assemble!!! Library Boing Boing brain storm starts at 9am in NetworkingUncommons. #alamw12 T-minus 10 minutes, come be awesome
Network and support vets, Friday 1/6 Tomorrow night, Friday, 1/6, there's a great event in Baltimore at the Tilted Kilt pub. It's part net…
Don't tell me that duke might actually have a chance.
Thanks will take a look at the video.
I got this pic from when I was at wells Fargo... Thinking bout postin it
Tennessee drops to 0-5 with last night's blowout loss to Indy. Ouch.
(Sorry, that's an old Tony LaRussa joke.)
baby slept through the night ~ glorious!
A little rudeness & disrespect can elevate a meaningless interaction to a battle of wills & add drama to an otherwise dull day.
Mr. Monarez: I never carry cash with me, cuz then you freaking get jumped! Lmao!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm pretty sure Whoopi Goldberg is Lil Wayne's real mother.
"Its what we learn after we know it all that really counts"; The weakest part of each man is where he thinks that he is the wisest.
one day he will livia, I promise ! I'm just scared cause he's getting so big </3
This nap just made me even more sleepy.
Thanks for coming!
Rather stressful day but lunch provided by PTA made it better. Pumpkin spiced cupcake & homemade pound cake might've saved my life.
Darn it I keep forgetting to tweet at 11;11 from this account -.-
Rain....OK...I am holding May to the promise....I need some sunshine. I need some playtime.
DAMN I DONT WANNA CLAP UR HAND AFTER EVERY SENTENCE. EX. DAT MUFUCKER RAW AINT IT (CLAP) I'LL TEAR DAT MUFUCKER UP (CLAP) SHE THE SHIT (CLAP
Im so ambitious
Are you in school?
Saw the Haunting of Molly Hartley . Wasn't that scary at all . it sucked . -__- NO OFFENSE to anyone that likes that movie .
That sounds pretty radical. Much risk involved? I'll keep you in my prayers!
That's settled! :)
Cost of preventing unintended pregnancy is cheaper than public assistance costs for supporting unplanned child born to a low-income woman.
instead of meat- can we say something like mayonnaise or mustard- pickles maybe? :-)
See ya there!
Excellent movie! Thank goodness the Miracle Team got a visa for Irons.
What bands have YOU been listening to lately? I'm curious.
haha wow. so embarrassing I retweeted it.
Love my Cuzzo mike..!!
So GLAD it's Friday. Got the Weekend off from Work and College. WOOOHOOO....LOVE and can't wait till Oct. 6.
Thank YOU for coming!
lol my voice is gone -___- I saw awful...
“: Can't wait to see you!! ;) RT ima whip you ass boy
Man.....Steelers should be playing next.
Thank you for the mention!
So, I'm definitely not complaining, but can someone explain the shirt stripping tradition in soccer?
If you love cookies, I feel bad for ya son. Cause I got 99 cookies and you have none.
I remember that. It was mostly awkward cause that's when we had our tiff lol
Do you have an ecommerce store?
Note: Only 60 tickets available for February 7th #UConn / / event and they're all in a skybox at the !
If you're having trouble seeing #uwebc slides on the webcast. Let me know what you are receiving - A/V?
Hi GUUYs!! HOW ARE YOU ??
The Quietus | Features | Strange World Of... | Field Day 2012: Tim ...
So close to home, bet my gf drove through that intersection, like, 30 min earlier.
Body so sore why
considering a side career in writing reviews for online purchases...which really means more online shopping for me!
Relationships nowadays = First week: I love you baby.. Second week: Together forever.. Third week: Single..
I like popeye , they showed it on this tv in LA before that channel dissapeared?
girl is that y your eye hurtin?! Oh no!
Don't mind all the tweets you see about OKC. I was the only true fan before this year. Just know my tweets are gonna get crazy tho!
We could really use more slides in our lives.
What's the best way to cut weight, fighters?
Paradigm Gardens is open and ready for business! Swing on by for any of your #Gardening needs
#arentyoutiredof this insane weather?
When was the last time you went on a disastrous date?
Walking into the wind listening to when love takes over...
We offer 3 euchre leagues in Columbus! Check out www.capitalcitysports.com and sign up FAST!!!
super sad man
Yay!!! Have a BLAST!!! RT : aww, thanks!! Hope u have a great wkend. I'm going w/ 2
Just watched Casablanca again. Why is that film so much better than almost any other old film? Great script, cast, directing and music...
I'm so sorry to see the blowhard NY Jets win today. (There must be more important things to worry about)
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php Buy your book !!!!
I finally figured out why I was KelseyHMS on airline tickets. Apparently, it is not implying that I am a boat.
I just got a txt from my mommy and guess where she is taking all of us
On the greyhound with off to Manhattan <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Please feel free to RT that, so he gets the hint
Apr 26,1942: Mollie Panter-Downes in New Yorker: British are again talking of invasion; but this time of their invasion of the continent.
Stay tuned. I heard rumors....
RT : Love sitting down on Sun nite and reading twitter feed of what God did today in friends churches all over the world.// Yes!
Cool. We can come to that, too!! Call our friends at Canal Street Pub and pick a date.
Movie in whip
haha. it was a good video ! :D
Can you think of any organizations that would like our help with prescription aid? Tell us...
bye.... Just saying
oh that's fine :) haha I forgot its like 11:46 there :P
sorry jeff 143
Apparently it's #NationalWingDay! Did you know we have Hot Wings at Kuko's in Regular, Lemon Pepper, Garlic and Hot & Spicy flavors?
You Win! But only because I'm tired and Beethoven is way too overwhelming.
Our own President was cited in this month's MLA newsletter by on foreign language reqs for graduate students.
I LOVE THE COLD !
Haven't forgotten about you... We're at Messe so free time and internet are both scarce. I plan to get it to YouTube
When is the deadline? :)
Typical! And frustrating.
for real
I lived in Brown Hall, triple bunkbeds! And I had a full set of Junction glasses plus pitcher - made me proud. Brainstomers.
My salad for lunch is missing one key ingredient which would make it perfect. Donuts.
I get by with a little help from my friends.
#SustainableDC so we're getting today?
NASCAR, Spring Break, and March Madness
Great!!! Just sent you a PM. Thanks so much!!!
w/o Bosh they look awful...
#TRX Suspension Training tonight with Karyn at 5:30pm at Accolade #Fitness South. You're first class is FREE!
Follow me on Tumblr C:
those are my flip flops you're referring to. . .
First meal of the day a white mocha, non fat, no whip, only two pumps! Thanks ;)
Winners never quit & quitters never win. ~ Vince Lombardi
This day has kicked my behind. I've been going non-stop until now and I've got a headache.
Sorry for interrupting - what can I say....my #chilly toes made me do it!
I just did Panera catering & it cost $9 per boxed lunch; sandwich, chips, cookie. Drinks at grocery store. So maybe $100.
Just got an inquiry on shipping herbs to Portugal!
Looking forward to conversing with you in 2011! Can't dm until you follow back.
So this nigga is hella playing games.. As Usual.
Someone had better explain to me how employing the unemployed is bad. They're providing a needed service & can feel good about that.
I feel like I know who this is referring to? Haha
that's awesome! I like what I'm hearing about the new stadium too!
sometimes love hurt!!!~
Hope everyone has a fun evening bringing in 2012. It has to be better than 2011. The whole World needs a break!
We lost. Damn
What a cool win! Great job Great show Louie, what a class act!
hell yea . Rusko is coming feb 21st
I imagine him and inspector gadget have some sort of deal going where they trade off on gadgets every now and again.
Doesn't that just drive you nuts?
Oh! My goodness, Mathew. Am breathless; in awe. Just read your link. Exhaustive work of wonders! Thank you very much!
ipad works great - the team predominantly uses to demo Never used ipad to create tags. might comment.
That scary moment when ur driving next to a clown and he looks at u and smiles...
Let me shock you with this cattle prod. It won't hurt a bit!
I followed
hey back
sure thing.. Any chance u have a spare apple tv???
No jersey, but sporting the SKC blue!
good music!!
just had my afternoon breakfast with an egg and cheese sandwich - quite tasty!
I can hear it now: BRRRRUUUUUUUCCCCCEEEEEEE!
Beauty is not about looks, makeup or clothes. True beauty comes from being yourself.
I hear ya. Love it. Edgy, fun perfect for twitter. Good stuff.
Nice! Congratulations!
Just caught a whiff of baloney sandwiches in central booking...yummy!
I hate my dad, and I wish I lived with my mom again.
Humbled to be singing "Back Home Again in Indiana" in honor of Jim Nabors at the Breakfast at the Brickyard.
im on
Just live, and shut up, and I don't even know, but I'm just so frustrated because some people just don't appreciate what they are.
Wishing you all a very MERRY CHRISTMAS
maybe they can send you to the Cadillac Palace in a luxury sedan from Step Ahead Services.
Spiritual Astrology: A Path to Divine Awakening by ! Start with that and get your natal chart on cafeastrology.com :)
“: #blessed” to a be a champ ... Good luck in the bay area!!!!
whoo hoo!! Looking forward to celebrating with u girlie!
I had that problem. never got to do it. i'm glad your doing this
hahaha it's surprisingly hot out there!
and -- another one of our favorites that made this season great
Just 14 players have hit 4 dingers in 1 game...including Sean Green at Miller Park and future-ex Brewer Mike Cameron, both in 2002.
your websites seem to be down or not finished. How can I contact you? Thanks! Bryan
u b playin
So how many days before Mitt Romney says he supported gay marriage first?
Dont be surprised with average results when you only invest an average amount.Extraordinary results require extraordinary amounts of effort.
dude. This place is a ghost town.
Stomp da yard put colombus short on.
Support the Durango Shoe Drive.drop off ur use athletic shoe @ Durango HS or Help us reach our goal! We need more shoes!
Have you been to RateMyBestFeature.com yet? Its a really cool site that 1 of our listeners told us about, U'll like it, we do!!
That's cool! Just saying we liked the article...
where's my baby at??? lol
So is singing the lyrics to DMX's 'Up In Here' right now. If DMX saw this, he might shoot him..
Big beer challenge. Just tapped, Russian River Pliny the Elder vs Avery Maharaja Imperial IPA. Both avaiable for $10 Growler fill.
Pretty good. My cousin just interviewed me! ha. It was so long I thought it'd never end xD You're really sweet! #IRespectYou <U+2665>
is he the baby daddy?
How da hell the ref didn't c that boy calling x out.... Refscheatinfortheheat
Not feeling that Redskins jersey :(
Hey Tom, Guess who this is...
Why do people ask me to help them get inshape, when they are still stuffing their faces?~~~" You are what you eat! "
Ok Vikings. 28-3. Let's not blow this lead today.
KADR something is up!! constant ask slaps!!
Steve Azar's "I don't have to be me" is playing on the jukebox at the bar I'm at. Ridiculously happy to hear it.
then told me to tweet her because apparently we fin'a go crazy on twitter ! i love my girls ! <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Screening yesterday was fun - I have no idea what they asked me!
Memories sneak up on me wherever I go.
Time to sleep again...Hopefully a beautiful dream ami Ya Rab!!!
Suicide bomber: "EVERYONE HAS 1 MINUTE TO GET OUT OF THE PET STORE" Turtle: "You bastard"
#ICantStandPeople that start stuff for no reason
hope you enjoy your chicken. And your Mac & cheese. Our moment during Goodnight Moon was beautiful. Just like you.
Word on the Street is that Kim Hannwacker, formerly of COMIX NY, lately of the South By Southwest Music festival, will be popping in Monday.
"A designer is an emerging synthesis of artist, inventor, mechanic, objective economist and evolutionary strategist." ~R. Buckminster Fuller
Thinking about so much rite its Crazy how a person change so fast
probably kill that mofo too
Still high on cocaine? Tweaking? Don't go to the Waterfront! We open at 6am for you crackhead desperados! You can sleep when you're dead!
Spalding University's baseball team will not begin its World Series game in Springfield, IL until well after midnight local time.
My baby graduating>>>>
thanks, you do the same
We love the Cream Ale!
Moving Day!
Oh okay! lol thanks I appreciate it!
I've eaten at the same burrito place as they show the Winklevoss twins for all of ten seconds.
RT : Can't wait for Brandon Jacobs' postgame comments about Rex Ryan.
Oh yea...happy birthday!
Rappers (or anyone for that matter) still screaming 'le'go!'?
So, by your metrics, does that not make hima real Republican? Do you get to define the debate?
loll. How is body ? Like his stomach ? Have you seen him shirtless ?
What happened to all the yucky strippers? I haven't gotten a follower in a few days?
Check out for a peek at new restaurant Quince in
That is awesome. Has more to do with the market and savvy fans, but we will take it. Pretty cool script
How do you articulate value in product design that creates emotional attraction to feature/functionality driven product owners?
Boring Brett.
there just are not enough hours in a day...sigh
Dang it! Where did the year go? April already?
Tried to rescue a dog n the road and almost got attacked instead. Good Luck buddy, I tried.
RT : RT : Big up to ma TEAM & Follow them an show ur support <3 Thanx guys!
there are 58 tries for every successful product, says Mari Kuraishi, founder and CEO of globalgiving. #ISconf,
RT hm, i miss cheer but i dont wanna get out of bed, but i do new the exercise, but i do already have plans. hm
I can't wait to battle the crowds tomorrow--it will be worth it.
Smfh! It's crazy! What are your plans for the summer?
Thanks for your support !
What is/was your favorite part about DECA?
That's what I was talking about yesterday. No love for these
Everyone should trend #WeLoveZachAndAlex (: they r cool so go on! Not that hard to RT this (:
That's badass! I didn't know he did product photos.
Shoutout to the kid who is wear a michigan t shirt. Go blue
kinda like that. but stale. I still ate it.
A Rod for sure.
Thx for the welcome.
Superburgers are what dreams are made of!
So. Drunk. So. Hungover. Wait I'm to fucked up to know which.
I am sitting here at work. Bored as Hell
's album on repeat goes perfect with this stormy weather , night tweeps
Challenge: to move in counterpoint w/lang that trembles on edge of understanding. To participate in concern for another regard.
did you find out what the baby is ?!
Cuts to food-safety inspection force will impact food quality in Canada: union
Announcer says "five goals on Pekka Rinne"...I dont think I've heard that all year
I got a halo.... That's justified #RealTalk I'm A GOOD Chic...
Good night.. z
Morning all, a cold but beautiful day here in Boston. Much luv, and a productive day to all!
Are you guys on a catch any shows this week?
josh_lowry, thanks for following us on Twitter!
I don't ask for much, I'd just like to be able to get my front door open.
How was TLC? Will get Royal Rumble as this moment?
Would it be fair to say that you are a Pelagian? And who in your view isn't a heretic? Finney?
1st tweet from my iphone!!!!!
nothing we were just joking around about having a baby boy and then he tweeted and said tell her it's over
Thank you and & may you have a prosperous week as well!!
RT : Can't wait to meet our official hairdressers Thank you for supporting !!
i'm hellllla lazy for prom. ah.
forever fucking done with you
Are these professors male or female? I just gotta ask.
Be rewarded for living a healthy life with Phidippides gift cards! Visit Cooleaf.com & use promo code 'phidippides' at checkout to save 10%
#rulesoftwitter tweet 24/7 even if you have absolutely nothing to talk about.....
": Meek Mill, "Amen". Dope." Agreed
you know what i mean and yeh sometimes people just need their space
KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT Acquires 255-Unit Complex in Baltimore Suburb
Do museums spend too much energy on fundraising? Carole Neves
Hard to pass up UCLA and the left coast.
Because we work on our lists in advance, this year's list has already been determined. But thanks for your interest!
after all that, enjoy your Saturday !
Ima give her my all
Have I mentioned how much I love Philly? Yay home!
Which is your favorite crew so far ?
Exactly. U print out the darn thing, stick in the brads, hand it out, now read your parts, folks! Oh wait, it's still in my head
#yes just ask Data on
I swear if I fight my combos can knock someone out
We never change do we?
Can't sleep! Confused about what I am suppose to do!
I'm Not HeartLess.....I Just Learned To Use My Heart Less.....
A4: Ppl are looking 4 the added benefits on SM rather than buying a regular priced ticket like everyone else.
He never had a chance imo...
yay! glad we could set the bar for awesomeness! ;) RT thanks, Frenchy's, my first Stone Crab experience was great!
RT joffy look like joell anthony!!! Oh...kids for africa got jokes
happy b-day bro!
I would work as a hoarder helper. These people need help!
omg Zayn's adorable smile!
Let's Party My People....
Happy Monday everyone! ;-)
When a plastic glow in the dark star falls from the ceiling onto your face and wakes you up in the middle of the night.
Thank you so much for everyone who participated in HCEF's First #5K Race/Walk on Saturday! It was a great success.
Hey #Denver, Nobody messes with ! #YouTalkinToMe?
Confirmed: Samsung doubling down on Windows Phone 7, sidelines Android
woo new job! sorry Pottery Barn it's been a fun trip :D
My iPod knows the perfect songs to play for my mood
#mla12 #s305 Nick Brown: attention to space in contemporary crit transforms Jameson's cognitive mapping from means into ends.
Need Media Training? There’s nobody better than Auritt to train your spokespeople, as media is our middle name
What's doing for President's Day Weekend? #SoVA #VaWine Fest this Saturday in Chatham (north of Danville). Be there!
have we hit stage 5? Lol
how do you know when you are teaching efficiently?
yeah we saw the episode in class! :O can I go over your house earlier? Or will you be gone still?
A Saturday St.Patricks Day!! The Boys are making final plans tomorrow, what do our Brass Monkeyians wanna see for the Big Green Party!
Looks like Bill Buchanan has gone to the dark side.
Ohmygossh i have a crazy hard test in 40 minutes...time to faaiill!
we r going to Miami! 2012 World Latin Dance Cup.
I don't think I like you.... Just, no.
This literally is a text I just got So your dick is on point :)))
i think i have come down with dementia, i put butter on top of logan & blakes apple pie,instead of whipped cream.can u imagine their looks?
History professor insists we print the readings. In the Information School S. is expressly forbidden from printing the readings.
you would have chased hi if u didn't have drool all over your face
Just had the best time exploring the old camera shops along Blvd Beaumarchais, then into Place des Vosges for some sun.
Thanks, Miguel! I'm really excited about this big new adventure. Now ... I know you'll be wanting some of my work, right? ;)
Send a direct message on why you should win an autograph
Ah yes! TRC is going back to school. Just got unofficial word that the UW Madison will once again be purchasing services from us 4 students!
your web site is down. We can't login to get our source code. What's up?
I withdrew :..( failure lol
#popawards working it's way up the trending list I hope. congrats on best single you lads deserve it so much! x
is Stedman going to sign books here?
GRACE THE GIRL ACCEPTED ME AS A FRIEND ON FACEBOOK GO CHECK MY SHIT.
Interesting move by the D/Broncos. umm u won b2b with TD as your RB. U get what I'm saying?
Staying with my girl katie tonight!!!
Woke Up, Had Breakfast, Talked to #peoplewhomatter like Ryan Seacrests Lawyer and I wasn't calling for a song request on 102.7 KISS FM
Trying to find where you parked in down town Nashville is like a maze
I'm guessing you didn't catch the end of the Premiership then!
#GeorgeZimmerman rep the learned fear tht Amer has of young black men; & it's not just whites. Black and brown learn to fear their blackness
": I may not have a millions friends but I wouldn't trade the ones i have for anything <3 #sexysix"
Thanks Pink Sugar amAtlanta
Orlando! #getin crazy
last 15 minutes...can't wait.
Gearing up for The Naked and Famous, The White Arrows, and The Chain Gang tonight at the Music Box!
The hell is beginin'
Trying to remain productive, but it's hard to hold out long with all of this sunshine. You've got to love this time of year.
Who will be my 100th follower? The world may not want to know, but I do... ;o)
she's got 'uuuuuuge...tracts a land. (solid reference, kid)
I love to sing .... sing!
I love Justin Bieber, and i dont care what people think about me or it.
Rehearsal Works, Friday
Until 7 the latest if anything, that's the latest it's opened.
enjoying my weekend off from school with tha babe can't freaking wait until summer!
Not that you're all boring at all...
Drinking beer and watching comedy awards #winning now if my dog would just entertain himself...
I love comedy :D
"Don't let the sadness of your past, or the fear of the future, rob you of your happiness in the present."
damn, add that to my list of must reads
Making some notes for tomorrow. Sitting on a panel with and to talk to students at our alma mater.
I swear, my oft hand is useless... or just retarded
I just left there. I saw a different movie though.
Um, hello spring. My old friend. Want to play some bocce? The patio is open for lunch.
ah, yes, i do, that is why i am here :).
lol man how did i know?! only the jocks like that man. i just deal with it. only a few days left with em anyway.
Lol .. RT : Yes, please. RT : So I fully expect a Jeremy Lin/Tim Tebow joint reality show in NYC within the year
Taking Back Sunday tickets just went on sale today! While you're at it, pick up Jack's Mannequin tickets for this Friday.
thanks for following
Brazil, Morocco, London to Ibiza! Who's wit me?!
m stanky. looking like jake big toe
“ should cook breakfast”| Is on 20 East headed to Carolina...left around 6am
Totally classic. "Desire As" is the fey-pop "99 Problems." Also: side 1! Are you a Blue Nile fan?
None have any real political skills or charisma to match up with Obama!
Thinking about how PostSecret is such a cool mashup of old and new media.
If you are looking to buy a home, let The Oertel Group educate you on what it means to buy in a distressed market. www.TheOertelGroup.com
Good article. Belief is that there are more HR outsourcing failures than successes. Correlation to HRIS success rate?
teeing it up with
you should check out our portfolios kustomthrills.com!
I wish I had the money lol
It's official. I'm a homeowner!!!!
What movie did you watch?
happy birthday !! LOVE YOU SO MUCH. come to dc asap. miss you and hope your bday is fantastic. (white island prevails)
ha ha!
If you want to DM a phone number to me, I would love to chat more. Let me know!
Indeed. lolol I hate you.
yes mommy
My mom is convinced Harvey and Charles (the black guy w/ dreads) from are half brothers.
do you like jerry?
It's Curious George! He's taller in real life.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
I do! What can I do to help?
DC Comics – The Flash – The Crimson Comet
You know where we stand on this one. Your membership supports valuable programs and gains access to great benefits.
Perhaps we can bribe to call in this time...
. i'm guessing armholes are so small because they're made by third-world emaciated orphans. 2 cents/hour. that sort of thing.
Gotta Go With The Money Team!!
You would shut it down
Reading a Jack London book I'd never heard about until this week. "The Star Rover." Really good. Different than you'd expect.
Someone did tell Trent Johnson that TCU is going to the Big 12, right?
Excellent! Congrats! (BTW, I've been digging your posts on the research workflow.)
man just found out u was released from strike force go 2 WWE make some quik doe then sign wit bellator or UfC luv u Bruh!!
GOP/teaP have blame too. Uber rich are GOP cronies. Listen to Mr. Cain. Get off your lazy asses and get a job. Mr Cain what jobs?
can u plz follow me
at least you're getting somewhere...I'm just wading through data!
Thanks for the #FF love! Right back atcha! :)
Sorry -- My Tweet length post yesterday was an April fools joke. Sorry if I spooked the markets.
I saw the sexy sax man in an ad for vitamin water while watching basketball on a bar tv at the Chicago airport - hm
good luck man!!! We need golf in our future!!
Yikes! Ella only has to go to time out for a minute or two and can't talk back! I don't even want to think about teenagers!
no please don't! I'm sorry!
RT “: Girls "dumb" isn't cute”
you could even transition in a PROPERLY INSTALLED sew-in like does.
PickUpLine: I'd like to get between your legs and eat my way straight to your heart
Its ok the most we can do is pray and help.Helping Austin and Mahomies is a HUGE favor and thTs all we can ask 4
Come out come out, wherever you are!!!
i feel u on that
Off to Chicago
please keep Michael as host he is the best of course a die hard Giant fan xo
lol, I don't think so--maybe just in principle she would? But at some point later I found condominiums & was scandalized.
The greatest form of humanity is the expression of genuine human kindness - itsjustme
Shes as pretty as a picture, everything is funny as she is smart, gotta smile that'll hold you together and a touch that'll tear you apart
True love is not external. It is ever present inside of you since the day of creation.
Thank you!!!
I have a feeling tonight is going to be some funny shit
I wouldn't be going to graduation if my mom wasn't making me
I just finished a 4.31 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Welcome back ambassadors to #AmericanU after a restful break! Looking fwd to seeing u on campus!Check our blog: auambassadors.wordpress.com!
I think I'm going to need an intervention for my addiction to the show "Intervention". New series "Relapse" premieres tonight!
Kids on the bus, your celebrity impersonations are not clever.
C'mon Pacers
Breaking a car window to steal CDs is the old school version of pirating music.
Just did week 2, day 1 of #c25k with !
yes i am
Girl Im not finna play w/ yu lol.... Just knock loud cuz Im might be sleep by time yu get here
": you think? slow on rotations and poor close outs. not much from a defensive minded coach " attributed to old age
dang u globe trottin'
Charles called this before the playoffs started so u cant say everyone are flippin'
I never thought loving you would hurt.
It no longer holds views of wiping out capitalism all together, which is fine, reasonable.
the right timing only happens when you are prepared! Why wait?
Show tonight at Lorelei MM82 Islamorada FL , it's pretty windy out there today!! :(
I know you were still trying to defend myself not trying to bash Cleveland just a stupid pick at that spot
forgot to admit that she took $2,500 from Earl Jentz in her campaign. That's politics as usual, Mary!
Go get em!
RT : You know it's been an inventive week when you're still seeing tweets from equally wired colleagues at 3am
Just returned from the San Francisco ACC show; honored to win Award of Excellence. Getting ready now for the Evanston ACE show next week.
#idontlike ugly kids that are mad bad and wanna act cute
well if you hadn't of stolen someone elses ;)
#WhyDoIAlways let go of people who really care about me, and hang onto assholes?
Thinking the #Browns' draft board looks a lot different at the top than the pundits' boards.
Come say goodbye tomorrow to your favorite barista it's her last day!!!!! We're going to miss her!!!!
merry christmas °<:{>
mob wives!!!
Business Travel Is Driving Hotel Demand
make sure you die with Christ in ya life.
also i failed to mention that three of us had to get a cab to the tire place last nite. and the driver looked like a hitman for NJ MOB
Even at our weakest,or most difficult moments, God can still use us. We just have to make ourselves available to Him. God Bless.
Marriage. That was just way too far.
Oh, I.... Oh I'm still alive
Happy Memorial Day! "The legacy of heroes is the memory of a great name and the inheritance of a great example."~Benjamin Disraeli
Amazing show sat at the Cantab with SWOON! Thanks to everyone who came out! See us again January 21st at the Dover Brickhouse!
Merry Christmas everyone!
the apocalypse sketch was boiler plate, but still pretty damn great.
Walked to the restroom tonight at the #betterla charity event. She is even prettier in person! I would def be her cougar bait!
I an meandering in that direction
If you're AMAZING, like Austin, then people watch his videos. Why? B/C THE KID HAS TALENT. ARE YOU PEOPLE DEAF? CAN YOU NOT HEAR HIM SING?
oh hey California misses you. Come back.
Collected owls when i was single..bears when i was pregnant & angels when mom passed away..(for 15 yrs.)
Help! We're lost without a Google Aps expert like yourself, and you came highly recommended. Taking new clients right now?
how much did you get paid to make that 21Jump ST garbage? It's an embarassment to the original series. Yr better than that-No lie
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy was "The Bleeding"
Glad it's all going well. how is s fl treating ya?
dang. THE SECRET IS OUT :o
AP lit exam Thursday morning ! Waking up at 8am to study in the morning ! So let me go to sleep !
are you purposely trying to lower your draft position?
One a good note, #GreysAnatomy starts back up this Thursday! I've missed it quite a bit :)
what the heck is happening in the Midwest today weatherwise... huge winds in Madison, tornado watches and warnings in MI/OH? Oct 26?!
thanks. [and now signing off on the thanking. just going to enjoy]
Attilla sacked Carthage? Wait... never mind... you're on a roll ;)
Carmona continues to disappoint in a bad way - where will the Tribe look for starting pitching help?
Skies so blue...hope it stays like this for next week!
i really do not feel like staying in here -.-
How do you keep breaking my heart over and over?
Way to take the win Lakers!
Wow, incredible. Milagros indeed.
Though the doorway we go to take anyone and everything of just one day.
The Employment Situation Report prints on Friday. This data has been our focus for the last two weeks.
no worries...just figured you'd appreciate it haha
Supermodel Emme will be in Atl to promote her new venture in wellness products for women this weekend. Excited to meet her : )
Sunday afternoon should work, as far as I know. what time is good? I can make sure to be home
whenever I hear "Bonaparte's Retreat, Hoedown" (from Beef, It's What's for Dinner campaign) I get hungry for Pot Roast
"Take heed, and beware of covetousness: for a man's life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth."~Luke 12:15
NO STOP. SEND ME A PIC.
i like it. Sounds like a Flavor of love spin off show
#ifiwas...shut up.
He is good-I like him, will be watching! Did your friend #8 or Jalen enter the draft, or were they eligible!
I love it too!!
A biz associate looking to buy and sell high end (20kw+) Generators and Liebert air conditioning systems. Send an email if we have a match!
Off work. What's really good doe?
Ah my gosh , everything happens at school -__- One of the lenses from my glasses got lost :o ? Like what the heck !
Lately when I go out I have more fighting/ drama stories rather than hoochie stories now.
you still owe me a dance! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
His wikipedia page has already been updated.
I need to do 'Merican things before I leave
and FWIW with the climate there you really wouldn't want to walk outside except at night. Nice pasar malams, though.
You cant take your money to heaven, nor can you take your power or success..
Apologies for my absence. I've missed Twitter friends. Lots of baby and grown-up sickness and then field trips/dates.
Agreed, pretty sad.
If you drive a minivan, they did you a favor RT Minivan Thefts Increase on Milwaukee's North Side.
haha I bet! It's happened to me before infront of like 30 ppl!
Why are we taking a test. What is this. No Schrei, no.
“: It's not necrophilia if we're both dead inside.”
We posted our Mother's Day Specials on our website homepage! Go check it out at www.skyandseaspa.com
my greys are back in full force :) I need to get myself some color, stat!
Chaucer's Cranberry Tales
I'm a visionary Architect. At least according to your cool survey. Let's get in touch.. DM me and we'll set it up.
Silly me, thinking you cared
#10FactsAboutMe 6.) i am a Makeup-Junkie! i love makeup!!!
Anyone needing studio time, photos, videos or all three get at me. Get a package deal and really save....
going to a tournament at niagra falls!
5 year old girl at Chipotle crying, screaming & begging her mom to order her burrito w/extra sour cream. Good shit y'all, come thru!
dad never shuts the fuck up like damn stop arguing with your girlfriend and find something else to do.
Okay thanks, I'll double check. Thanks for the heads up.
I'm not finding the email. Can you resend, or want to DM your email to us?
Yes, I understood this from a voicemail left by the Officer and Gentleman. How did your presentation go? New recruits?!
which ones thatt?!
Awesome! Looking forward to seeing it :)
he gets me tight. But when Durant goes 6 for 30 he's quite
Can't sleep, too busy thinking about a chicken sandwich.
On set shooting a sketch on Tosh.0 today!!!
State strands 2 runners in the top half of the 4th. Virginia holds 1-0 lead with Byxbee, Bowdren, Hawkis due up.
Nope, never heard of it.
Iconic Boyz are gonna be on the VMA's!? Yaaaaay:D
What if instead of politicians legislating behavior, they encouraged #mindfulness so that when driving, etc., we payed attention? Sigh...
hey beautiful
man out ain't my falt you song make things clear
lmao!! You Know what I want<<<<<<
Everything about you (:
Thanks George!
Without music, life would be a mistake.
Got new headshots from Photographer Jenn Hoffman!! They will be up soon!!
“: Oregon is the 2nd team in Rose Bowl history to score 3 TD of 50 yards - Alabama in 1935 was the other.”
U'll prolly miss me later but for now....
RT : What an amazing 3 days that was! Inspiring stuff! Thanks to and everybody present.
I just want dknees.
God is our refuge and strength, always ready to help in times of trouble. Ps 46:1
Imagine: you get a package from austin, you open it and its a cd full of love songs dedicated to you.
I love painting my nails :3
#RealLakerHaters Would Take Their Time Out Of The Day To Watch Our,Games Just To See If We'll Lose By A Team Theyre Not Even A Fan Of .
of course! Which one?
RT learning about my mansion in heaven if you didnt come u missing out on ur mansion
Lord, I'm sure that you called Rick Santorum to be a "fisher of men." He thought you said "anal fissure."
your joking right?
Happy Mothers Day! Bring your mom in for a free strawberry sundae!
Wish we could go together! I'm going crazy waiting for my bf to finish reading the books.
2nd shwdwn of day. Flp tptk n rare limped pot that became 3rd pr by river. Cldve valuebet rvr but more curious to see what he called with...
#MKExpo you are awesome, thank you!!!!
..you don't follow others..ignor any requests yourself and NOW you're asking for our help? Really?? Shag off, lady!
Look Good / Feel Good, Feel Good / Play Good!
- Sending "private" message through Twitter is like spray-painting it on my door instead of putting it in mail slot.
That broad is a head monster!
Agreed - those rocked! RT I gotta get the slides to 's #AMA volunteer of the year preso!
Happy 15th birthday to the best bro!!
B-E-A-UTIFUL!! Good luck to you, and my sister who is at the Doves also.
Anyone know what video that was of neil degrasii ???? #DEATHSQUAD #DSQfamily #JRE ?!?!?
Yes RT : Did you get named after the character in "Snatch" or was he named after you?
Shrinking Indian Islets spell sea change
we can improve the criminal justice system by having a system similar to checks and balances. It'll run smoother!
Let us know what you think and how it works out for ya! If you have any questions, just ask. Happy to help!
Love your post about being from the 'holler'. Were you a fan of #RoyRogers and Dale Evans?
same here!
Black Keys tonight!
Ha! Well, i can't feel my toes. RT : as a red head with Viking blood, I'm comfy!
i'm having that day, and it's not limited to writing.
Well, since I can't fall back asleep, I might as well get up and do some work!
"Papers must be submitted in the form of a savory crepe."
In the studio!
WHAT'S THE NAME OF THE STUDIO IN THE CITY?
I had a blast! It was a hoot - would do again in a minute!
Got my first client the other day cant wait to see if he liked his website or not once he approves I can post it :)
"forever" means "forNOW" "til death do us part" means "til the feelings gone" & "for life time" means "until i realize im wasting my time"”
I So Feel I am feel like doing Nothing
Big ups to
I admire your dedication. do well
“: You guys are going to love season 2 of #Tiaandtamera June 11th Mondays 8/7c on Style”>>>Yay! I love this show :)
Thanks! There will be a nice new pretty label on it soon as well.
Areas around bus/mass transit stations.
I think the manager at ocharleys thinks I am 21. He sat us in the bar.
Let's go
Has anybody seen or come across any really cool sports website lately? Looking for modern sports inspiration.
Great use of SM! RT ...Check in at the hotel on and receive an additional 1,500 priority points upon arrival!
Goodtimes cuttin it up with DJ Chris Villa yesterday in the Scottsdale AZ Metro Park. Peace
HOw about going to a doctor? I've heard those quacks know a thing or two.
hey bleed internally
Hope i can get A's for english,science,history and irk :)
your so cute . Kbye
I'm totally fine with it! This fandom has no limits.
You are not the sandwich you order or the number of calories in your lunch.
Nick Collins doesn't have a twitter account correct?
I lovee Justin Bieber!
Daniel Bryan and CM Punk is first wrestling match in months I've reeeeallly looked foward to.
That bitch is just trying to make excusses she thought I wasn't gunna say anything she swear she low byee boo ugly ass bitch go suck it
Please like our "Mocha Couture Beauty Bar Boutique" page on Facebook!!!! Thank you!
thanks for the rt, anita!
Lmfao I just laugh to myself when people talk about their problems and use them as excuses for shit. No one knows what I've been through
I do
Thanks for the mention. We're giddy to be here!
We can relabel all t-shirts form American apparel Anvil Gildan Alstyle Cygnus etc. Contact www.reliablerelabel.com
I love the fall in love movies by the end of the movie. Too bad it's a movie.
I love my braids but I miss my bangs.
Borders files for bankruptcy
#FollowReader #TheCatsTable Adding it to my wishlist right now...
Good luck to my hometown Charleston Bluejays, playing in the Class 3A State Semi-Finals today in Columbia, MO.
RT : And we're sold old! Thanks to the amazing NTEN community for our 4th straight sell out! You guys rock!
“: I could use a nap right now.”
#Listening to I Gotta Get Away From You by Little Milton
Not really short tho... I might dye it again too.
I've become so nocturnal lately. Waking up for work is going to be fun!!
that awkward moment when I lean on the window at subway and it falls in on me
I'd bet there are people at right now who wanted to do things differently, but something obviously went wrong during game dev.
Everything the Mavs do makes them look old
What would Flipper have done with this #Chen Guangcheng case? Yep, you guessed it; nothing.
not really me but they fuck up my mom and bros almost eerytime.. Literally. And i know a couple ppl w/ the same prob retarded
What Bags to Wear with Leather Jackets | YouQueen
you always make me laught :D
Made it to Indie
The man came up to me and said and I quoted "never give up u have it in u" I felt proud
the precedent being set is that a developer can't half ass a game and then feed us overpriced DLC.
Ok it's been a while...we're building passthenotes.com, on track and working with great smart people! also Viper promo vid on the way :)
#commontattoos is trending I'm glad my 3 tats are tats that I thought of myself and nobody else has
Booked sunday off work, so I could go to a party saturday night. Then I get asked to work saturday night, typical.
& other #Twitter experts: Looking for tips on using hashtags for events - how to select, how many, etc. Ideas?
If they unfollow you for that, they ain't worth keeping anyway.
All I could think about tonight is,Austin. I just wanted to hug him \(••)/
#idRatherHave 4 #NBA Championship rings than 3 #MVP awards and NO rings......
Morrow, god rest his soul, was to film grouches what Shelly Winters was to annoying film wives.
hey y'all librarian types, ALA elections open today-civic duty & all. For ALA Council, consider Martin Garnar, Latrice Booker,
Hello New York. Paris ain't got nothin' on you.
Gettin ready for show time! If your in vegas, come by the Luxor Hotel and come see The Fantasy Show!
Up with the sun again, off to a breakfast with GOP Committeemen. Beautiful day - House to House TO THE HOUSE!
RT Participating in this morning's Blue Ridge Watershed Coalition meeting at St. Andrews on-the-Mount Church.
im not ashamed that i cried through half of that movie.
How good is your high school Latin? Albus Cavus?
Just saw a woman toss a bottle into the street. I politely asked her to pick it up & she had some expletives and a middle finger for me.
Already wants to come home
> Exciting 1st half my friend! #WinterClassic was really fun to watch. End of the 3rd was crazy.
omg I do that every night! lol I just want to see a video of him just working out &sweating haha
Just watched "The Arbor" on Netflix Instant. Guess I need to redo my Best of 2011 list now. You should watch it too. Outstanding.
I am glad I kept away from Amazon EC2, I guess 100% up-time still means 99.72%
"Hill, I did not aspire to the Presidency so I could set brother against brother," Mr. Lincoln said. "And yet I have."
:) thank you
Wow. RT : These drivers have more partners than whores at a college party.
Yum yum-- Flourless Chocolate Cake on special tonight at our Balboa Park location! Served with our homemade Mango Ice Cream. So good!
So honored to be in the presence of so many successful communication professionals today. What an opportunity!
I want :) RT“: 2 ounces of chuck, brisket and short rib, topped with feta, homemade tzaziki, kalamata olives, and tomatoes,
Prayers for JoePa and his family. A sad ending for a man that positively influenced so many.
- you DO know Soupy Sales has been dead for years? Jonathan Frid probably died in anticipation of the new Dark Shadows movie.
well it is obvious who -A is on PLL
Thanks for the follow! I can't wait to check out your pics!
first half doesn't matter in the nba lol
Nigga you broker than a crack house window!
Holy cow! We made it! Thank you to everyone who helped out. Meet us tonight at the Brocach at 8pm to celebrate!
Got it. Just emailed it to you. (: Have a great night! You're very welcome.
DM me, son.
should have gotten a ticket to ces when they were free, but I might still find a way... what's new?
I said whatever.
120 W North Ave. We can grab a drink after at Joe Squared across the street.
It bothers me when someone has the same photo for all their social networks, I'd like to think they're just boring.
Thank you!!! :D
one day, we'll go to disney world & rock it & get promoted & go to disney land & be supreme
Drivers must renew in person once every eight years regardless of driving history.If you have received a post card renew in person,
great minds think alike...great seeing you both tonight!!
So honored and blessed to be able to sing/speak this morning at a women's event ~ no place I'd rather be on my bday! Jesus be huge!
um, Swiss Army knight?
Police were concerned about the rap video because there were some known criminals in it.
Thanks, I'm not surprised. Hope he's going to run as romney's VP that would really make them both UN-electable!!
": My hair looks wild a.f" twins!
Looked mad fresh back than.
I never thought I'd see the day when people's words got in the way.
got an email from my ex-boss,everything was fine until I read "I'm guessing yo probably owe me one" DEALBREAKER, I DON'T OWE ANYONE ANYTHING
Check out the twitter for my first ever movie it's Yvonne DeCarlo's son, Bruce Morgan who I just love & adore..
GET UP THO
Congrats to the tech team on a HUGE week! Have 6 or 7 drinks tonight...
“ Feeling productive is the best way to feel”
Lmao. Well he talked to you ! So psh. I mean he said something.
fantastic! Good to hear. Now go spoil all those wonderful moms in your life. lol Night.
Working the EAST PATROL @ Bexar County Sheriff Office...so far its been busy...
RT : Yall already know last 5mins of the game the monster gone come out right!?
that's nice and I'm from San Diego
The pastor at the church I'm at just said that if you miss beginning worship and leave when the message is done, you've never worshiped. No?
End of the semester stress, please go away.
They didnt work this out backstage?! I bet the producer is so mad at stiller and the girl from Mad Men's daughter.
MAJOR, MAJOR #ExtremeReunion updates THIS MONDAY. ALL MATCHES/add'l talent/backstage pass winners announced! Change profile pic now to ours
what an awesome hubby u have. my hubby just got home. he is going to go pick up the food for me.
I am still trying to figure out a way to do Twitter without becoming insane.
Don't forget the new Jazz classes added to wednesday mornings at 9:30...and it's now part of the Unlimited Plan!!
Agreed, thanks. Also, following you now!
see ya then (:
Absolutely! Good times all around, prizes or not!!
Gotta have it.
#IfSheCant roll a blunt - Ima think she never had a real nigga
"This is Mr. Dickman, our student teacher". Normal kids: hey mr dickman. Me: hehehe she said dick
twitter/facebook feeds on webpage, announcements during instruction, signs around school
God seeing you last night maybe next time it won't be for 5 minutes !
absolutely right on Louie
with him u know that u shouldnt with me you know that you should.
Pleased to entrance, Ed! Best Wednesday wishes.
#18conf sounds like Marva has been where I walked. What is the line between safety and family?
thanks love:) I can't wait to be done so I can just dance!!
Like creating a key for the whole blog site, then another key per blog entry, then u could search key combo for replications
Congrats to Pat McCrory on his election win tonight. Wish I was running against him again
way to go, spam artist.
Drunk convos with people here are so interesting
Romney is in Euclid? lol why dude. why waste your time?
Wow #stanford has five turnovers
Great day to grill out with friends/family. Stoked about a new gig @ Canal Steet Tavern with friends from Dayton the RedTone Sixes! Sat 6/4
Aw, screw it. I'm going to DeVry.
great story regarding you and your colleagues efforts in saving jobs. You are all to be commended.
Thanks for the RT
Sorry about that, thanks for letting us know : )
"But while size grants the advantages of quantity, smallness creates an opportunity to specialize in quality." Start-Up Nation
Stolen truck pursuit, then crash and suspect bail out in Riverview. K-9 and Helicopter assisting in search.
Finally saw the amazing Black Swan Still shaken. inspired and disturbed.
Thanks for the follow!
I freaking can't wait for ur new album
Did you have a pool to guess Angelina Jolie's weight for the Oscars? Could have been a fun side bet. See you in San Francisco?
Closing in on 1200 followers. If you have fun tweeple in Central Ohio tell them to give us a try!
thanks Agatha! So happy you could join us for the opening! Come back soon.
*Flipping the covers back, dropping my legs over the side of the bed, and pulling on my jeans in a series of quick, jabbing movements.*
RT Alright! iPhone on shuffle: "Thriller" (Michael Jackson)
Summer sleep schedule is already in place. Great
Junior high was a good highlight of my life ^-^
Thank you. I think I will.
Tell the truth and run.
Syracuse converts on 4th down.
Want to avoid the 57 years of sickness in your life? Attend the presentation by my parents and I at 12:30pm this Saturday as part of...
Under certain circumstances, profanity works better than prayer Mark Twain
Weeping shades of indigo.
#TeamGraduation make it a TT. Too many high school dropouts. 2012 is the year we have at many graduates as we can
Mice are so cute when they're in their little cages and stories. But when they're in your basement, they are a HORROR.
Holy Nuts! New level/experience of stress! Drove for 20 minutes on empty--in the middle of nowhere! 20 miles from any gas station! #WHEW!
Alright. The Hoffman is showing CABIN. In addition to THE RAID. This is as clear as sign as I'll get. Little trip to Virginia tomorrow.
he's pretty badass. Like one of the most swingin drummers ever.
is doin ur vrsRT : I'm sorry bro I just got to the house No ride I'm on the way gotta get my ish together
that definitely needs to change
Hello awesome friend!
Not sure. It's hard to imagine Bo following a script.
Purify your body & mind through the practice of
If you're looking for shenanigans, follow our fav #WindowNation endorsers
"Stemple's last meal was a large stuffed crust pizza and orange soda. Death row inmates have a $15 limit."
Me too :( everyone is
Porque? Obv impossible your bags aren't costing something? Maybe there's value to the customer having costs hidden occasionally.
1) Bed Bath & Beyond 2) Amazon
": His smile. His eyes. His lips. His hair. His laugh. His hands. His smirk. His humor. His weird faces." <3
Man outside groc store just sd that he can c my energy.I said oh yeah what's that? He said u drive fast&always want to be free.
RT : North Carolina voters have approved Amendment 1, a state constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage, the AP reports.
We're so excited for the upcoming - Friday, April 6th - 21+ $5 - Backbar.
#shutterisland -- The best movie i've seen in recent memory. Also, Junior Mints are still the best movie candy
don't be scared lol « lol idk if u want me to do that l.»
This! RT I do love me some boys II old men.
Just got out of work and I'm wide awake -.- just going to drive till my tank runs low
I forgot to watch single ladies.
It's 4:37 in the morning. Why am I still up?>:3
good and you?
Time to sleep. Night folks. :)
#starwalk hello everyone ready for the solar storm?
sorry sucia. I know u needed this
Did you know our hot dogs are made special for Happy Jacks right here in good old Indiana ? No yucky after taste with our hot dogs...
- Bahaha! OH NO'S DX Super glue it back! X) Haha
This is bullshit
keep the plates and peppers away from Kaeson! Lol
hey Rob. 0-3 in the debut, but kid has a cannon eh? Love to chat if you want. Ping me at eric at Zaarly dot com
MT : COM senior throws out the first pitch today at the game for donating to
sngs sngs pot limit omaha high low 2$ fulltiltpoker.com need players
YAY Friday! Go team!
Stop in today and choose from a variety of tasty luncheon salads! What’s your favorite?
Austin-bound for #chi2012, final paper grading, and b'day while we're at it.
Teaching is an art. The art of Love, The art of Teaching.
Let me tell you, the air is much clearer on this side of graduation. Good luck!
Why is half 0f my followers p0rn stars? Or fake girls
's great!! My old College...
if he brings kanye out I'll cry, like no homo or anything but I would actually cry
Questions about modeling, pageants, fitness, advice for being a sexy single mom? Just ask!
oh my gosh jin i just tweeted that to the wrong person..
What percent promising?
hey Adam! Im rooting for you and Xtina both. Love u guys! Um, Javiers twitter is if I'm not mistaking o.o
stared down the vending machine & all of its savory & sugary treats. went with the nature valley oats 'n honey.
. Atlanta said he'd be working in scouting department, but didn't stipulate he'd head up that department.
No BOT'S here! Networks are built with brains and brawn! One social network at a time.
Goodnight twitter! No school friday or monday.....4 day weekend, baby!!! #YeahBuddyyyy (:
of course! ;)
Ahh soo ready to get my chest worked on
Just when I was beginning to freak out. I don't think I've ever been so excited to get a Facebook message.
What did you think of the new Madonna song???
I ate way too much.
This not even the first time he pulled that bull shit this the second year in a row I gave him a chance last year now he gotta go
#lsubcs Les Miles said that his players voted to play Oregon to open 2011 knowing how much it added to an already brutal road schedule
OMG! SO adorable! Love that! :)
I'm a man of layers, like a Smith Island Cake. Little-known fact: I'm also filled with crushed candy bars & covered in chocolate
In the coldest flint there is hot fire
Hope you have a great day sir! :D As for me, nap time! Haha
Watching Saved by the Bell AC Slater and Zack Morris are my dream guys haha
Preparing for a new magic student! Da' Teacha' is in! Sucka!
that will be stuck in my head all day! #notabadthing Safe travels!
All the best love stories have one thing in common: they need to go against all odds to get there.
Im Feeling The Song Tripping <3
I hate school
Attended last nights Fountain Hills Unified School Dist budget Mtg. Big reduction in funds = challenges, but great confidence in leadership.
its not scarey its actually good
Next time I make eggplant rollatini, I'll call it Eggplant Jacked!
Procrastination...seriously, I hate it but do it constantly!
wow....Classy
Aww thanks u...List me :)
Congrats to on 's Congressional Champion for Children award. Another strong advocate for kids!
If it says Tranny Phanny on the cover you MAY want to avoid it!!
#vra2012 Great discussion of video and fair use by Steve Anderson of USC. Fair use is part of our first amendment rights.
nah, U know Rappaport does that at the Gaaaaah-den.
Fed up with your auto repair bills? We can ease the burden on your insurance through social media.
I think I need this. :)
After tonight's Wordy and Wordless set, audience member asked if I was really deaf.
Follow , that dude knows sports. And he’s extremely good looking. We’re not saying that bc he’s our CEO. OK, we are, but whatever
Dam wonder wat time the kar show begin
Alas, I just discovered that youtube took it down (GGGV1981).
Fairly sure the title for the next Texas in July album is "No Pain No Reward".
so my mom explained to me that she would get me VIP if Cody tweets me a reason why she should take me... Omg...
ain't feel too good.
Umm, Today is Sunday.
DISH Business means you can stay informed at work, or keep the kid entertained so you can get something done! Call John at 350-6428!
My friends left my house, so now I'm just watching se7en again.
Lmfao yes!! & didn't even tell us, selfish ass haha.
Is it weird that I really want to see #BATTLESHIP ? I mean its not directed by Michael Bay or anything.
I feel like you probably have a compromising pic or 2 of me at this place...have fun!
It's been a fun night but callin it a day goodnight moon
A free venti breve latte with an extra shot? Sufficiently amped to go clean someone's fridge as a gift to them. Thanks !
hola i just ate green chiles and spam haha
Come on I know you want this may 1st we start together!!
good knight!!!!!
There was a desire to establish the State of #Israel and its culture on the basis of #Jewish sources--Medina
Thanks for the retweet. By spreading the knowledge, you are bringing about positive change.
can't sleep and I am going to sactown in 3 hrs.
Don't miss Blue Moon Cafe at Cooking at the Market tomorrow. Chef Brian will be doing "Country Time Fresh"
Pulling out carpet in the parents room! Rawr ^_^
Power out at deering cute
Emerging interest in getting subject bibliographers to process archival collections ... wow. Born digital archives session
I feel like crappy crap
May 14th Pearsall,Tx.I The Texas Renegade"Lupe Trejo" make my return to pro wrestling after nearly 2yrs. for a heavyweight title main event!
FRIDAY NIGHT! Woo-hoo!
I like the sound you make when you Shut the F*** up!
#sacscoc increase classroom activity & engagement
White House Correspondents Dinner parties. But I'm home now. Dead tired!
u look amazing
She is in here goin Ham lol
i have been great wbu i iss texin u!!!
#CougarTown Best. Show. Ever.
Omg tomorrow's finally Friday :')
Church in Elk-Rock means gramma time! :)
Isn't school like twitter? A bunch of interesting topics and we just manage to touch the surface...
Delicious RT : Ham, egg & cheese on english muffin RT : Q2 If you have time to enjoy, What is
"Essence of librarian" sounds like a bad perfume. You know, musty books?
So proud of my dad! He is now a #CSUGrad just like me.
it was so good! We are definitely going back soon.
Need a pick me up? Fight the cold with our scrumptious goodness as always-:) #Yum # Chicago
I should be sleeping but I'm held captive by my desire for more meaning
Make each day count because it is a blessing.. Everyday creates your history.. Rise & Grind..
The sins of the drunk are visited upon the sober. Good Morning, sins.
So true - and incredibly valuable advice. Connectors are often rewarded for their efforts, if only with personal satisfaction.
Yea, we don't get along, but I go anyways because... well.... I love to ride and I get to meet some pretty cute girls haha
Didn't say anything as to why he's in WV?
Job Hunter/Networking Tip 4 Action! Keep your LinkedIn status fresh. Times are busy. Many need a reminder from the status update to say Hi!
Sampling at the Palm Springs' Jensen's Finest Foods - come by and talk about the Tour de Palm Springs!
/ J-Town or Jeffersontown.
“: If they don't respect, appreciate, and value you, then they don't deserve you.” AMEN
We wish Gordon Beckham could hit like Starlin Castro and Castro could field like Beckham.
Working on a blog about Oklahoma City's best deals of the day! Catch it before you leave work in a few minutes!
I can't wait to have waffles in the morning ;D
congratulations to for his 2011 Sheila Motton Book Award!
I'm a goner.
My fave seasons are 2 and 4, I think. 2 for classic awkward comedy, 4 b/c the Broadway-related storyline was a hoot.
awesome job!
At institute nothing better then a student cutting ur hair
We were victims, together but lonetly
Having a lot of trouble with this #Pathfinder project...Really want it to go well. 5 hours at Mpls Central today...
Happy Mother's Day
My phone bout to die don't feel like getting my charger
no surfing today -- tsunami!!!
Suck the skin off the dick , shouldve seen this bitch .
Fitch Report: Other banks will follow JPMorgan and Wells Fargo in reclassifying second lien mortgages as non-performing.
I couldn't take you down myself. So I just outsourced it. ;) (via ) damn fine job! I will find you.
We have many new Spectre items in. Many new items to come these next 2 weeks.
Yeah, I have no idea what that's supposed to be...lol.
When you find yourself singing >>> haha #listeningtomusic :)
No. I'm skate boarding to work. 25 miles. I leave my house at 3am to arrive at work at 3pm :-)
One hell of a night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
good job... can't wait! cause its going on 2 years. U know i always support the cause! so I'll be there
I'm fine thanks xx. You? :)
Barry University in FL. Check their website or just google shaq. It hit a couple of papers.
I picked a GREAT week to play against Josh Hamilton in fantasy.
Research will cure any writer's block and deepen your story. Read about your film world ideas or subjects to spark new ideas.
Hope my fellow okies are safe!
A few UT iSchoolers will be live tweeting our #sxsw experiences. Stay tuned as we partly engage in our real lives to bring this to you!
Sleep? What's that? Let me google that :P
followed dear (: <3333
Biggest Loser lover, too :) Just thought I'd chime in
is it weird that #fridaythethirteenth is one of my favorite days??
I know I'm getting old when I can't play my age on the #MegaMillions #lottery ticket 'cos the numbers don't go that high. <sigh>
Bahahahhaaha! Someone found our site by searching the words "fn pryde porn." I believe that means I have arrived. O_o
Clippers fucked up my night those pussy fucks!
RT : If the real Eddie Murphy only had a thousand words left, I wonder how many of them would be "tranny" or "hooker".
lol! U call it ur hubby to?.
It's been a # of years since my visit to Bahia. Hope to return.
Hahaha got that right
i will sleep like a little tiny baby tonight.
I saw you on the news acting crazy lol
Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed.
MY COUSIN JUST WON SURVIVOR AND IS A MILLIONAIRE. I can't think of anyone who deserves it more! Congrats Kim!
I still don't think facebook is making a good choice by trying to be more like twitter...I think integrating twitter would be better
I mean, I thought anything more than 42" was too big. >-<
so unbelievably true.
Don't worry you will be a Bronco regardless what critics are saying .Ur a team leader
Excited to present in roundtable special session titled "Expanding Access: Building Bridges within Digital Humanities" at MLA2013 Boston
Well, any time :)
Anyone doing research in NYC this summer and needs housing, my sister is subleasing her place (Wash Heights) from June 15-31 Aug. DM me.
Back seat windows up thats the way I like to?
WNY's 2 major trauma center -Kaleida and ECMC - account for 9% of severe trauma cases statewide-and I can see both from my porch!
thanks for the RT! We appreciate it!
Keep up the good work. I think it's going to pay off. (fingers crossed)
Northampton, Massachusetts...turkey in the air...
It's a new year either there will be repetitions of the past or new beginnings. Live and love as if there is no tomorrow "Feliz año nuevo"
This dude texted me last night calling me NIGGA, that's what I woke up to !
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience,
if it starts to run low I'll stash some for you.
(1) Red Hat is about to become the first $1 billion open source company.
Finally changed my number! Goodbye stalker!
#dirtyworktuesday. I kept myself from listening to it till it came out. One. More. Day. (:
thank you!!!!! That just made my day ! Seriously! You are amazing, and I can't wait until you come play in SF again :)
BURNED OUT TODAY HARD WORKOUT ...
"There are freaks everywhere," says the woman SCREAMING into her cellphone in public.
what do you mean ? it was
My just arrived at 1am (don't judge me) & I'm so excited!! Love the pizza tracker tool...makes the process so easy to stalk!
People are still warming to the idea of location sharing.
EVERY RACE
doing fine sir! U?
All I could think about all day sitting at my desk was gardening. Plant pots. Food insecurity issues. Gardening. Plant pots.
“: Okay, I'm a #vegan, but I'm pulling for Bev tho I've never had a short rib!” converting vegan
Friday catch me at with all my pretty bitches.
yup. I got a two day rule. If that shit still in there it's unclaimed!! Therefore it's mines!!!
I hve so much food in front of me I cant even be mad no more..smh
Last YOS eval was in '04, it found a # of problems - i.e., Substance abuse not adequately addressed.
Making butter burgers with our #beef, basil and #tomatoes.... Channeling #Wisconsin tonight!
Ooh. I am going to have to check this out.
Venture philanthropy - philanthropic capitalism.
Or don't follow me..
#teamreportspam RT : Why do artists continue to follow & unfollow people? Now I'll never listen to your music ;-)
we can on oovoo
Last night was mad real.. right now I need some Advil, can't even explain how my head feels.. everybody was turnt up!!!
No church in the wild
fine then
can I get in on that?
Gonna try to get back on track today. though i had thoughts of change..... anyway Live at 3 with random local music
#InCaseYouDidntKnow theres nicer ways of doing things.
I don't care what they say. Coach Cal is my boyfriend. GO CATS!!
what's up?
Bball game coming off a weekend bachelor party and Five Guys for lunch today. Yeah, this is bound to end well...
Nashville's genius is that it can take any production technology - drum loops, Auto-Tune - and find a way to use it in a song about trucks.
Can I get a retweet for our son Kaden? He has autism and tomorrow is autism awareness day. Thanks for helping spread the word!
This man, has done more honorary feats for our community. - His influence means a great deal. - Thank you, mister president
......there's an in school dance tomorrow
Happy Mother's day to all Mothers '
It won't take long, I promise
The competition is close! There's still time to enter!Show us your fave dessert & enter to win a free night !...
Peter, wow. Do you have daughters? Is this a guy you want around the women you love? He's a very good QB, but thats it
ah, cool. thanks
Fuck friends. I need more enemies. Atleast they admit they don't like you.
Are you a Rangers fan?
lmao okay girl! Well they don't have a twitter. Which is good! No more drama! Lol
thamarlie you & alex can keep thinking that , but remember I got you at 3.
“: After 4 days in Nashville I am convinced it is Portland's little sister” it's true!
this is wild !!!
I just saw a banner ad for "luxury addiction rehab" and my first thought was that it was for treating people who were addicted to luxury...
New York PRSA Announces Finalists for 2012 Big Apple Awards
Nick, Thanks so much for the RT. Susan
I can't remember being this excited about video games since dad brought home a Nintendo (Christmas, 1988).
Still looking for 1 band interested in playing at Dobbs in philly tonight. Rock/pop/ jam/ folk Email ASAP
Damn. This new is HARD! Can't wait to play it at 6:00pm!
You've loaded it all with great, common sense advice
so much fun today!!!!!! OMG 18K bbs shot at tan team with PKM!!!!
Opening Night THE LABYRINTH OF DESIRE! Witty romantic comedy about a love triangle that turns into a square! 9/24 - 10/3 theatre.sdsu.edu
I hate that I watch How I Met Your Mother. Show drives me nuts. Can't give up this far in though. Will be glad when it's done.
That's such BULLSHIT !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
chill brandy
#FF thank you very much!
Sinus headache FTW.
Thanks for the resources.
Alarm clock just went off << >…<
can you do this with a MacBook pro? I assume not since MacBook pro has no HDMI. True or false?
Ma'am. That is too much. You need to calm it down.
when do u wanna dye my hair??? I got the stuff today<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
news just called wikipedia "a mishmash of fact and fiction"... it's still more reliable than some of the "news" they report
Really excited for tomorrow. Hoping it's not icy!
Paul Walker sexy as FUCK man.
Really poor taste on the suicide joke. Not funny at all.
vp of PS3 softball team
I enjoy eating ear wax
Bridge on the River Kwai!
For the record, the Y is way more than a fitness club or a facility. The Y is a movement that is strengthening Milwaukee.
So that's why I never get a response from schools I reach out to after one of their players are paralyzed or die from brain injury Shameful
They have five or so locations in WA. Good folks and yes, very busy.
Flop City, prepare to be fucked by the long dick of the law.
On my way to work after a long day at work aghhhgggg #wtfff .
Wow! This lightning and thunder storm makes me miss Tucson. :-)
Don't worry, you'll be fine. Oh, wait...is Bethany teaching? *whistles and walks away*
Managing relationships among vocabularies big challenge; plans for workshop for DCMI11 for vocabulary managers
Just turned on degrassi and I don't recognise any of the characters. I miss the next gen
I VOTED FOR YOU 33 TIMES! I GOT EVERY SINGLE ONE OF MY FRIENDS TO DO IT :D
I never got a chance to tell you how brilliant you were on #Fringe! Such a delight to watch!
Whoa: RT : To recap, about 30 min. ago roughly 100 protesters took over BofA in SF financial district. Standoff ongoing.
and there was also Peacock so serious confusion
the boys in clothes :D>>>
Best description impressive
how did I not follow you on Twitter! Good Morning!!!
Appreciate my blessings and opportunities.
Some of the worlds most powerful businesses, including Lloyds of London & the NYSE, started life as a coffee houses
you're not blocked, I think it's just a privacy setting
please mike. Show at Cleveland HOS me and Mac will be first there :)
I shouldd put a fur coat on him.
Such an awesome day!! I wish i didn't have to work :(
well thats embarrassing
I wonder why Amish furniture stores have electricity…
Why do I always get asked out at the end of the school year, like what is wrong with you?
Random guy: that's a bean burrito rite? Me: No its a quesadilla
do u have any plans to ever act?
lol u too? sucks doesn't it
Posting any slides, etc. when you're done? Would love to see them!
We're putting on a school assembly at Lakewood HS today! Special guests include NWBA players, Rocky, and sports anchors from Denver!
Welcome home !
Attention members! Does your #business have a #Yelp page? Send us a link so we can promote your page :)
But both are amazing!
I give it a 10. Perfectly executed. Is that the right saying?? LOL
Not a bad idea, but we'd rather have Peyton! Go
Wow. Thanks, Jaclyn, for your kind words. Pittsburgh IS some kind of great place.
Ah I need to catch up on my #AmericanHorrorStory! I'm two weeks behind!
Agreed! It's a shame to I like Scott Caan #nohomo RT hawaii five-o gotta b the worst show ever
We SPECIALIZE in working with Autistic patients? Need answers? We have them – call 412-681-6400 today.
also trying to put the fans to sleep running the ball so much
We're gearing up to update our website. Stay tuned to see the newest from Arizona House Painters!
your discussion makes my day as I'm working on my questionnaire (almost done)!
yes I do.
Not only in Twitter feed but on TV too. Someone's going to get hurt. Excessive, like the product they're promoting.
so far so good. one quarter down, eight to go. we should grab lunch if you're around during the holidays before the CES rush
I see in you what you cant see in yourself and I take the privilege to help bring it out
I love Austria :)
Happy birthday to my girl !!! Hope you have a great day!!! See you soon
#IsitJustMe or the older you get the quicker the year goes by? The year is almost half way over....
If you refer 10 people in any state that would love to get Tree Braids, you and a friend will be bless with a free hair do, ask me how.
People observing "don't walk" signs...are they making invisible cars?
lol that would irritate me soo much
Get in a Velocity workout before going out to root for Giants tonight!
hahaha classic. Best part is when Slider is getting him some.
AWW LMFAO! I Thought He Worked At Gardner White.": nigga he works at target wats expensive there....jus askin"
When says "no stop, no cop" instead of "no cop, no stop."
Wait a second, the Big East coaching section on SN forgot to list Marrone and then just slipped him in later in last place?
Watching fact or fake.. Are Zombies real fact or fake? .... REAL YOU UNDEAD ASSHOLES!!!!
Lol RT : Holy smokes we just got bombarded by spam in our mentions. Someone get those poor spam robots a burrito!
Maybe Saturday. Tough to come in during the week.
Im drained , goin right to sleep when i get home .
Great! My group, VAA, needs more volunteer mentors to help vets get jobs. E-mail me @
Just had picture taken with Ritchie, and at
Thank you
Don't forget to set your clocks forward tonight.
i wonder Wat songs r gana be on Ur next album :-) but i know their all gana be great hits just like it will rain ;)
I'm actually volunteering as their social media coordinator ;) Or rather, I was roped into it by a family member ;)
Decided to take four hours of optional time. I just can't seem to recover from hard partying as quickly as I used to.
When ugly ass guys message you <<<< #smh -______________-
. it was Bush who signed TARP in Oct 2008 to bailout banks w/taxpayer money. How's that 'Free' Market Capitalism workin fer ya?
Obviously is trying to get me to say balls. It's hotter than balls. There, I said it. Are you happy now?
great topic on show. You Give some credit to prince for RBs #'s by batting cleanup?
I'm writing a book! Yrs ago moved from poet to singer-poet. Now amazed this project doesn't mean practice, orchestrate, record, or perform.
Ok, kid. Send 'em home happy.
If you have family in Dallas I hope they're ok from all the tornados!
Thanks for an inspiring weekend, David Nightingale and CreativeLIVE!
Thanks for the mention and for following back. :)
thanks for the RT!
Farewell my new friends. See you in the arena.
Feed, litter box, snuggles (LOL). I'd say 30 minutes a day?
heh. although I did drop off a few books at Special Collections, including the one with the ugliest cover art I've ever seen...
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
Happy E day
Have you checked out our Papa Rewards yet? Order your pizzas online, rack up points, and earn free pizzas! Pretty sweet deal!...
“If you want to write, if you want to create, you must be the most sublime fool that God ever turned out and sent rambling."-Ray Bradbury
That'll do for car expenses, 2011. THAT'LL DO. Oh, hello, Sounding better all the time.
Curation is now the vogue digital term for a brand's ability to aggregate & distribute carefully selected info & provide a unique voice.
prepping for a post-primary presentation this afternoon, so I'll be out, will continue to dig through primary results over the coming days
How do you or your leaders adopt social media and technology into your workplace?
Mini road trip up to Orlando today for a girl's shopping day. Funfunfun!
Congrats to for winning the 2010 World Series! We'll see you in #Scottsdale in February at Spring Training!
yea i cant talk to you here i got stalkers watchin me SMH hittin my phone wit dat bullshit maan lol
O yea and this W hotel Pool Party... i gotta spot 4 a bad 1 on the guest list 4 dat 1 too ... Comp the Fly...
when people say they're going to the gym I just think assume they're going for a Pokemon battle
#OWS | Speaker/Senators/politicians must show that they work w/ the President to resolve the crisis; no, they show their partisanship | WTF
Good morning! More Ron Burgundy coming soon
Join us for Happy Hour from 4-7pm & check out the Jazz Festival going on in The Village Plaza!
I agree Mr. Snead.
is the pet adoption process pretty difficult?I lost my rottie last month to cancer and I want to adopt one from a rescue
Cause she racheeeeeeeeeeeet
my favorite post-race food is definitely pasta!
Hey, does everyone know about the Wicked Lottery we're having before each show?
#google4np marketplace offers reduced- cost vendors?
I've never cried for any body , but when it comes to you I cry all the time now .
Happy Mother's Day to all ámazing mothers out there!!! We love you!!!
"Imagine if we got paid for being ugly."
Wants an iPhone for Draw Something and Instagram!
So proud of my Ace Parking team! Thank you for all your hard work to Earn Every Thank You from our customers.
Why the hate for Wisky? Last year you promised theyd lose to FSU. Theyre not world beaters, but 'cmon. Bo Ryan kill your dog?
if yu not wit me now.. dont expect 2b wit me when i get to the top. do exactly wat yu doin now.... watchin
when do you end
you're welcome! Never knoew what to expect, new kicks, inspirational quips, or fantastic pics, ecletic mix..
lol that's hilarious! Thanks!
Cool. I can definitely help you out. DM me what you're looking for (BR/BA, etc.) and your contact info. I'll get on it.
Funniest memory: heads of past/present mascots sitting on top of cubicles inside our office. Felt like ad.
were you covering it?
MONEY on my mind im thinking common cents lol AYE.
Sadness for the death of a wonderful rock singer known as Ronnie James Dio
I love being organized Howard!
Enjoy this story about the beauty of humanity and the power of music.
as well as his bio/publicity photo and precise youtube link for his music video "it's on me" check your gmail inbox.
- he could not possibly be number 2, believe me.
Ever get caught up thinking about your past, present, and future? how things can change up so quickly.
Attending DVC's Basic Skills Initiative and Community College Libraries conference tomorrow.
don't act like you didn't see them blow out miami..ahaha...but you tryna go to the game sunday?? After church...
Christmas themed Pictionary tonight! Only at
Thanks ! We will put it to creative and innovative use! Next time you're in Austin, please come check it out!
Rise n shine :) good morning
GladiatorsCageFighting.com 25 bout Milwaukee mega card only 2 days away!! $30 for 25 bouts, that's a stimulus package we all can agree on!!
Paid Wifi? Blasphemy.
Oh great! Thanks for the info! :)
Is it a full moon tonight? The kitten is going INSANE.
Every time I hear the new Coldplay song on the radio, I say "pair of socks" whenever the singer says "paradox."
I fallowed you :)
you will know what i was doing on all of them and you'll see when my foot was broking
#LastTimeIChecked I ran the show around here.
Little bit of Cyclocross there
“: “: Here's to the kids that bust their ass every single day.” Playing Call of Duty. After I farm. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Three in a row over Izzo and the sparties is feeling really good right now...
: text me
RT": I don't trust this world period..". Me either
Lol where's your music where's a least a short video don't hate on ur own state fuccin dumb ass wonder y Colorado ain't on the map
desert island wine? I have an electric chair cheese.
Still sum issues but vastly superior 2 how it was before. We manage a lot of pages now cn get notification if thr R posts!
OMG so much sushi...
In west palm beach ... Chillin
I wish, that way I would have been sleeping
what is your favorite tv show? :)
Dallas Granite Pros Unveils Their Free Offering and Newest Dallas Granite ... - SBWire (press release)
enjoyed having you on #SommChat today - look fwd to future times
cool, my birthday is today (2/7).
Were hittin the streets tomorrow for Cinco de Mayo. Come by and we'll roll ya one.
I keep having reoccuring dreams....what is that supposed to mean?
And now i can't find my cigarettes. Awesome day.
Singing to my baby cousin .. <3
where's it gonna be? HGH?
Northrop old bean, be a love and find out how late Four Season pool is open, will you? See you there! *packs bathing costume*
Ready for my bday to come up this summer
anything changes for this Sunday, or everything going as plan..
Got a case of the monday blues? Come into the shop and get pierced or tattooed! It'll cheer you up in no time! 206 329 8274
#OGK ONLY GOD KNOWS
Carlos or Amber?
That's so overused already tho....and doesn't totally mk sense....but ur in the rt mindset
Afterparty is in full swing at #BCBos. Still time to come by, grab a sub, grab a drink!
LMFAO. WHERE'D YOU GET THAT FROM?
where at??
it is very nice. The Aria hotel is one of the best I have ever stayed in.
Ford group VP of marketing James Farley Jr. just praised Nissan Leaf, said the feel of driving an electric car is a "turn on."
Do media moguls like Katie use ghostwriters for their online persona's?
25-35 MPH winds at a soccer tourney. Yup, we're definitely in Kansas. Looking for Dorothy and Toto to fly by any second now.
#WeWontWorkoutIf You let your family run our relationship..
Tarheels win! Duke loses! Makes my day!
I know they offer 20x30 framed prints (I've only purchased prints, no frames). Has always been fast & quality is great.
drive safely! I'm rising and get ready for some grinding!
that is a message more people need to hear In NM. Thank you.
7:21 mile, best yet but room for improvement
You say that I am still a child, but because it is children like the most pure and true love ...
omg u guys. Haha. I'm happy to see you guys hanging together again. So, when are you two gonna make plans to see me? lol
sup not going home again?
THE DAY GEROGE ZIMMERMAN GOES TO JAIL, OR IF & WHEN THE BLACK PANTHER FINDS EM, WE GON' B POPIN BOTTLES!!!
(2/2) "Question as to whether Doug Manchester will run the paper for the broad interests of SD or narrowly for Doug Manchester's interests"
RT For a guy who's obsessed with public safety, I think Batman drives a little too fast sometimes.
LOL! You play the "crazy" so well tho!! :)
RT : In 1929, household wealth fell 5% in first phases. In this crisis, household bounty fell about 15%. - Austan Goolsbee
is the greatest show on tv. Watching the new episode. I wanna see my tweet on tv please Brah
ready to dive in and get all website about it!
Kanacevic discusses St. Joe's win St. Joe's forward Halil Kanacevic talks about his team's A-10 tournament win over Charlotte.
point taken! will fix shortly
Sometimes the happiest people are the loneliest
Strange. Matt Kemp just hit another homer.
really? Oh this is bad news... thanks though!
Whatever. You know ALL you're gonna do is stay home, watch movies and eat ice cream! :P
Happy Mother's Day Ambher!
Until it sleeps.
praying for you. God loves you.
You are my addiction, and I need more than words to show you.
"I love Christmas music!"
: There are some projects where it's be hard to tell. The film I worked on last year: BIG name talent, who worked for scraps...
Oh, put your arms around me, what you feel is what you are, what you are is beautiful, Oh, you want to get married or run away?
Sometimes it’s the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.
thank you for sharing! We are happy to servie the #GlutenFree community.
Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes.
well there it is Meryl
huh? It's true I can even send you a pic
haha ohmygosh c: That's so funny but sadening.
I'm actually one of the only girls in LEBO wearing shorts.
Spent yesterday in the community next to where Phoebe Prince hanged herself. No good answers there. Many perspectives, none positive.
UW extends the 5-year contracts of Bo Ryan, Mike Eaves, Mark Johnson,and Bobbie Kelsey by another year.
This nigga so silly.... Do the dumbest shit.
We're smiling today because we read rain is in the forecast for this coming Friday. We need RAIN!
a bomb to my plans -__-
hi there! Just working like crazy. In need of some time off for sure. How have you been?
at Caroline's. Finally!
you're profile pic is REALLY awkward...just saying xD
Have just a couple left of my avi
ed in gen is less knowledge based and more based on drawing a main idea from text
hell yeah ! We need to finish it!(:
Damn 500 Tweets Can U Say Twitter Junkie #FuckIt #IDoItAll #ItProblemsHoe #HoeGoHam Im Gone G.F.B. 414 Damage Mode
#dayTripsFromCharlotte in presentation
THANK YOU
Again the final, Japan-20 USA-14. Full report later today at NoLongerMinnows.com. Have a great day.
my bucket list for this particular #endoftheworld only included margaritas as prep for the next one
Audio recap of tonight's show will be sent to after I wake up.
Our system is now updated for Tuesday 4/10
Just watched "Gasland" on HBO. Very upsetting. Everyone needs to watch this before we have no drinkable water left.
Best of luck at your new adventure!
So far we have over 140 registrations from High School and College age students... there's still room for 60 more.
Watching March Madness and loving it. Looks like there are going to be a few upsets today. This is the best time of the sports year.
Break in and rapes is not sumthing u want to wake up to at 3am out of ur sleep knwing u have to go back to sleep
Ladies just because you take a million pictures doesn't mean your a model...Smh
good news, you're only 999, 610 followers away from 1 Mil!
If she cut her bangs/hair a different way, put on makeup, and had me buy clothes for her, she could be really gorgeous maybe.
lol yes gym first!!
we need a picture!?!
Thnx for the retweet. Much appreciated.
put it in a 115 or so word tweet & I can send it out. Make it short enough to get rts. Any baseball fans going?
footloose is quite possibly the best movie ever.
how u been
the next 3 people that follow me get to triple penetrate me
I love how closely tied Spurs and Bayern are this weekend. Like a dream come true.
i DM'd you my number. hmu when ever you want to light one up lol. especially since u do live down the street
Home from office portion of #dayofDH (+ a grocery run) now a break for a few life things before the late shift. About three hrs more to do
Fixed info lit largely for 'set' places (desk tops) for any type of query from a range of established tools (databases, etc)
SAME. I can't wait for snow. Especially untouched snow.
The user experience of iPhone is unmatched. The app experience is amazing too.
Our family is going to be holding a military memorial ceremony @ Cross Plains Legion on June 9 to honor my late father-in-law Arthur Pierce.
Scallops are sold out everywhere...at least there's always pasta primavera
brain gas is what you get from too much thinking, followed of course by brain farts, none of which is cool...
Ugh I'm so confused! Ppl always say to me "yeah your my BFF" and all that, but then when I ttry to talk to them they ignore me?! So weird!
I dont think he sees how much I love him, or how bad it hurts me when he acts like im invisible. But yet we still end up 2gether somehow </3
Subscribe to my channel on you tube cityboygang
Awesome name, and he looks the part RT : Toledo QB Brogan Roback threw' very well' today for #Badgers WR coach Zach Azzanni
Determine what you have or can do of massive value & market it. We ALL have something to offer.
>>> High, nice meeting you too ;)
System issues are causing the HS/HSL's library catalog to be down and preventing access to e-resources.
Give us a listen BELOW See our page & friend request us at REVERBNATION www.reverbnation.com/furiosity
Happy Monday fellow tweeps! Whats for lunch?
I don't wanna work on my French project
hahahah too funny. I'll see you in a week my man
the main thing I do is surf & no one will take me to the beach .
Man come on, did the defense even show up to play?
hey guys go follow his tweets r awesome :)
went to the ER and everything man
Where can I buy sexy female soccer clothes?
Since men are like dogs, shouldn't we chop their balls off, unless we plan on showing them
what do you mean dan
And again my side of the bed has been taken over...as well as the other side.... Bed hog..
Siri! Should I buy iPhone 4S or wait for iPhone 5 ??
Suspension training seems like tons of fun. Who's tried it???
Needed 50,000 same sex couples to move to Montana & take total political control. 2008 ~ McCain 242,763 & Obama 231,667. Why not?
HAPPY BIRHTDAY!!!!!!!!!! hope it's great cause you deserve it :) <3
Alcohol ban in Manchester ahead of tonight's match
Yeah... he really blew the delivery on that one. Evidently, Kemp Kr. is the 5th son of a Sonic to play for UW.
I Do Too!
Can't wait to do some serious dev on 5,000 Cool Facts tomorrow. It's our fall book with - you guessed it - 5,000 knock your socks off facts.
were is your helment
#wedontcare if the system's bumpin loud
Wish ppl would chill the fuck out bout and
EVERY WEDNESDAY AT HALLIGAN: $2.50 You Call Its! All Bottles, Drafts and Cocktails Only $2.50 All Night!! Open At 5pm
I'm having a blast, but this heat is killing me! What happend to the winter?
“: in the burbs where struggle rappers prevail” fuckin A doggy was gone say come kick it G
Keep those song requests coming in!
Michelle Bachmann says they'll drop to $2 a gallon if she's elected. Maybe she can bring hamburger down to $.79 a pound too!
Home from Temecula...Pala Casino show... Fun?
OMG I just watched the trailer for "saw VI" they are making another one?
Dear google+: instant upload is a terrible idea. Time for damage control. Oops.
just finished my introduction ready to turn it in first thing Tuesday!
A hipster just pissed their skinny jeans
girls i respect
Lmfaoo RT : Too busy with Fap ? Oh boy RT : chibsa85 ill tell u when im free :)
WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO OHIO?!?!?! #OhioMahomies are DYING to meet you!!! <3
haha you heard that too? Lol at least we know why though!(;
haha just another way to make a dollar.
Call back for a super-funny commercial! Fingers and toes crossed! :)
That firefighter contract was going to expire in June 2013. .
Going out for a drive ^.^
Anyone wanna clean my room?!
#Thatawkwardmoment when someone catches you talking to yourself
yeah I don't know anything about Adonis Thomas but obviously they saw something. I bet Obie get cut & Thomas makes PS in the end
So ready for lunch!
The internet taught me about a new philanthropic opportunity; support cats suffering from urine scalding! But don't Google Image search.
wow!! Amazing video bro like mind blowing well done,god bless ima post it on my blog. Keep at it...I suport u a 100 percent ;)
Yeah I think It's time for
oh yea I love low goal
Today was chaotic but it ended well
Step up and lead the world to stop Kony's crimes this year
thank you to everyone who came out last night!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!
What the CL guys told me is that if I updated thru Itunes to 3.1 (did accidentally) then it can't be done. Yet...
Cooking with is fun!
Will miss you #GrantWilson. Carry on team.
Yep lol RT : Why is the INGOP debate on every single channel? What a bunch of Dicks.
that's my wish as well because been about a year since joe tweeted me.
this was just on #instagram. :D
it's not polite to lie...Geez.
That awkward moment when ur mom Is texting ur dad and she sends it to u instead and it was about u
Thanks boss for leaving me at work by myself while u go to oaks... By the way I'm currently not doing my job from now till close
Last night in Cali! Time to go hard and crazy !!!
Who will be our VISIONARY Now? God Bless Steve Jobs! and Thank you Steve for sharing your time on earth with all of us.
A new fitness client asked if there's an easy way 2 get into shape & lose weight. Pills? Injections? Quick diets? "No, ... only Discipline!"
dope. Do you want me to keep it 3D like that in the same perspective? I can keep it the same and add what you wanted.
Lance McDaniel- who are you texting? Me- I'm tweeting. Lance- even better... You're texting the world!
fuck man. it just hit me that tomorrow the video for more than this will come out.
yes! so much awesomness happened from thurs - sunday...most of it involved bbq and music. :)
I wish I made a copy of my #Oscar picks because in my head I think I'm winning. Here's to hoping I'm not disappointed tomorrow!
hahaha. U still got urn phone? Hahahaha
Trisha Yearwood (finally) has a cooking show, you guys.
haha yea!(: that class cracks me up!
depends on the surgery.
Joanna, there's a way to find people to network with in Columbus, tweet back and I'll give you the place to do it at.
I need some posters :x
is there ever a good day for it???? If so, I have not found it.
Watching the old guy behind me JAM TF OUT in his car and wandering if I look that goofy every time a good song comes on..
good one. thanks
Finished F is for Fugitive, and it's still #fridayreads, so I get to tweet again - think I'll start on Kick-Ass. Or maybe The Wouldbegoods.
Ughh I just, I don't know what to say!! Where's that quote when you need it?
Longest drive EVER just took place... I'll miss the Kenwood kids tomorrow. Will be back Monday :)
First week of school wasnt as bad as I thought but it defiantly wasn't good lol
RT : TRUST ME... You'll want to be following & and all our bars this summer!!! You'll thanks me later :)
mine on my Android seems to be working
Bring your friends to to watch the #RANGERS & #KNICKS play on one of our 30 flatscreen tv's!
he should be back tonight!
- but sporting a rockin' 'stache certainly helps...
Attention musical artists of Chicago! Check out CENTER STAGE OPEN MIC COMPETITION! We are looking for the best performers to compete!
hey thanks for the RT!
(I'll be looming forward to tomorrow night ;)
You are just the sweetest! The "lady with all the questions" is my aunt!
That's what that is????
haha crystal said im a entertaining person :p
Have a great time in FL! I look forward to hearing about the conference and all of those interviews you've completed.
Thank you For Singing to me on my way to school My Ipod has been blessed
BBZ I LUV YOU (a good email or a bad email?)
OMG I WANT THAT
dude how you know that?
You're the best little bro a sister can have! I LOVE U!
Sure. I'm actually producing a travel a travel series on the ancient Maya, focusing on Yucatan, 900 AD.
gonna go take pictures, you know... cause there's nothing better to do.
We would love to host your next project! is lurking if you want to chat with someone about it.
'Income does not equal wealth' -Millete Birnhanemaske, Investment Executive
Accidentally ordered a venti coffee
It's funny how Twitter is sometimes -- just mentioning interview/features & it confused what I was doing. Things should be back to normal.
I've had #CollinsCold for over a year now! It'll never go away.. im okay with that(:
College football makes everything a-ok! LOVE this time of year!
relaxing at the condo! bout to go to diner!
Happy Valentines Day!
Hate to see mf got jump on people. Scary hoes. That dat shit I dont like.
oh my gosh, yes! <U+2764> You're too amazing, darling.
I'm gonna stop worrying about what others think of me and just be myself
Had awesome sea bass filet at Crazy Water in Milwaukee Sunday night. A nice night with my lovely wife.
I love winter time in San Francisco
thanks for the tweet! ^JM
I can't promise trailer till June (but I've seen cuts of a teaser, 1 min, and theatrical). Poster soon FOR SURE!
Tonight is my junior Prom and I'm not going. :(
I'm sorry #Redskins fans. The #Jets just put a fork in it. You're done for the day.
much obliged!
: If Kobe loses to the Nuggets - there will be a fallout! Somebody has to take the fall for this collapse.
there sure is! Shoot our support team an email and they'll walk you through "householding"
So...if we waited until the deadline to sign De Ghea, Young and Jones everyone would be going bonkers..tidy work Fergie!
haha nice to know
I don't believe in that "let someone go and if they come back they truly yours" shit.. If you truly love someone, you'd never let them go
Oh great, I just opened one of those links. So if I send you those stupid emails, sorry.
use carmex lip balm. Its the best and safe
Found the 1st 3 books in the Mortal Instruments series at Half Price Books!
Note to self - don't eat a handful of triscuits directly before running several miles
: We're gonna eat first. Give us an hour or so?
thanks, mate. Yeah, 5D rules!
RT : “: Follow team take money ” and
How many tattoos do you have and who is on your left arm?
Tweet us a pic of you and your Zipcar. If you see it on the page, you win $25 driving credit - Just like that!
Next week we are starting our annual Academy Awards contest! So be on the look out and let your friends and family know!
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Watch for Autauga, Bibb, Bullock, Chambers, Chilton, Coosa, Dallas, Elmore, Lee, Lowndes, Macon,
I never deny, I never contradict. I sometimes forget.
What a great combo #Korn #Skrillex #KillTheNoise by request "Narcissistic Cannibal" coming up in 6mins
dude I've never played them before and I'm in love now lol. #epic game
i kno you boutta hit up Earth Sundays wit me and Preme
Ridin around gettin it in the Nightwalk van with ! Single ladies ride VIP
Can't find enough Spanish ladies?
I kinda already am... and I am a guy... :-D LOL
RT : I don't believe in multi-tasking, it's multi-switching between tasks, not at the same time -> tend to agree.
Great article today. Couldn't agree more strongly that it really all comes down to making connections w/people.
Can't sleep. Not happy about this.
Roses are red, violets are blue, how would you like it if I came home with you?
Thanks! How have you been? Thanks for all the photos of the ranch. Can I use them for ?
Im not gonna watch the #Lakers game jus becuz im scared. I jus wanna be away n hear the #Lakers win. Them #Thunders is scary!
Fielding Hills 2005 Tribute and Cab Franc I consider to be dear friends of mine as well...just saying.
JSB: designers see world by action, not just observations; "beautiful integration of hand and head"
Oh mine are usually unavailable emotionally. I tend to like them that way.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Also, working a little harder to found a new company called Nascent
bummer :/ too far :( you should come to the West Coast! Like Washington :)
#ghauslove #boskolove #muchlove y'all ran out of captain?
#nisoEbook LaRue: conversation with piblishers important, get the ePub file. Also distributors so communities can do reviews.
watch Streets of Fire again
i dont care what time it is,how full i am, who im with,if theirs a camel on my back with a knife to my throat, I'M CRAVING CEREAL.
Thanks again. :)
Added 6 supers to hives yesterday. Now we wait for the girls to fill them with honey!
#SharkFuel made me literally bust out laughing. Which busted me as to not doing work...
Yes, also known as the Voodoo Lily, these plants smell like uh... rotten meat.
that stinks
I'v read that one!! i remember the story... how is it going?? Almost done?
Congrats Michelle & Sammy!
No justice for Paige Clay?
no. they're everywhere!
Jameer is just going wherever he wants.
Dog adoptions with the family!>>>
ASHSTEN JAMES MARIAH "remix": via
Hopefully luke bryan this weekend with my bestfriends :)
Love #Beer? WE DO! Come in this FRI for #OKTOBERFEST! We'll have discounted Beers and Buckets #ALLNITELONG - Cheers!
Great intro video!
Did you receive my message to you? I am new at twitter?
Dude I stole one a couple days ago from my mom's bathroom. It's called "Taking The Leap."
I think it will surely be her
you're my perfect girl :)
Great pic but where's the Life Jacket?
What's the difference between a lawyer and atrampoline?You should take your workboots off beforeyou jump on a trampoline.
could never forgot all of u. love yall too much :)
Counting down the days till I go back home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
#ideachats +1 good topic, grt convo. And we showed those spambots nothing can stop a good twitter chat. Cheers!
Why don't elevators have a cancel button? I didn't mean 2 push that! Abort mission... Nope you can't. Elevators are teaching me commitment.
Thank Paul!! I am glad you enjoy Mike Shannon's and we sincerely appreciate your patronage.
The difference between photogenic and not photogenic solely depends on how good you are at fake smiling
good morning!
Wait, how do we know that Justin graduated high school!? Awww my baby :(
Thanks for the RT :)
Household cleaning: Cleaning black mold and mildew on windows and furniture - Newsolio
OMG. my heart just skipped a beat. That was the PERFECT reply. Getting all my friends to vote for you! :)
Ditto! RT Looking forward to heading over to #bizexpo to present #sm4sg with and
When iOpen a pack Of bread ; iSkip the first piece , cause iTs uqly :P
that person that gives you butterflies with just a look
Just in case you don't inspired me to do a company name change more than a year ago :)
Commerce Department: Orders for long-lasting goods slumped 4.2 percent in March, hurt by decrease in transportation sector and aircraft.
Not sure about PJ jeans I suppose itd go over well w/ the online college girl on the commercial where she brags about wearing PJs to class
They said were talking baseball u can go eat or somethin
Appreciate ur passion on the matter. Would love 2 sit down w/ u sometime 2 chat abt diff approaches to SM & abt our strategies.
I know. But if I'm R, I say (every third game at least...) tough shit, country boy.
Glad you found a solution!
totally just woke up from a dream where picked me up in his race car, and we raced around the world in it:)
Love her and Octavia Spencer!
Give me everything tonight.
Prob. doesn't help that I'm writing about travel and I've spent 15 min looking up things I love in Paris.
yes :) can't wait!
I read it but idk what you're talking about
Aww I really wanted to see No Scrubs :( But I Love This Video Yall Did Great! <U+2665>
Hey will you take me on a date for my eighteenth birthday? :)
Rebuild a progressive movement ready to mobilize quickly. RT So, that was fun, now #wiunion, what else would you like to do?
Going to a Mexican singers concert tomorrow 2 get out of class thank god for google translator or I wouldn't no wtf that guy will b singing!
you can never miss things that was reality.
What #occupywallstreet is missing is a "We Shall Overcome" Music to unite, inspire and galvanize
That BBQ Chicken pizza I had last night is killing me!
Ch. Blow's article on Trayvon(NY Times today) is unbearably sad: more than the heart can bear. We need a new T. Martin Foundation
That is both ridiculous and beyond awesome.
Someone tht dont needs me but somehow we have each other is someone I want...
looking forward 2 meeting tomorrow - coffee or tea for our 830 interview?
congrats on your emmy nom producer
Thanks for sharing your post on Diane Di Prima.
I love you!
Cats by 7.
Thanks for the reassurance. I'm pretty well backed up but I really can't afford a new laptop right now.
...for sure...lets connect ..I have lots of pic to show you..we had so much fun!.
Is there a method for # of boards, # of pins/board, order of boards and cover images?
I can't ever wear khakis without feeling like a dude or a mom.
They better change their marketing mgr! The 3rd that was advertised in trailers is not the movie they gave in theaters.
Ugh my sinuses always messin with me in the morning!!! -_______-.
Not that I necessarily agree with their point. But it's what they're referring to. Lol
BRO YOU HELLA DOPE FAM I JUST DOWNLOADED YOUR MUSIC BRO KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK YOU GOT MY SUPPORT
Starting the rumor that The Garden District is the "new" Bay View.
Taking care of my poor sickly !
scary stuff. Thanks to the officer on alert. Thank God no one was hurt.
@ Everyone Lit-Related Who's Following Me: Can anyone name me a book that's about fatherhood? Not about being a mom, but being a dad.
Watching BET w/my little cousins (:
nice but no bar here so I have a 12 pack next to the lobby "business center" that has bess the friendly dog
The perfect marriage! We will explain next on Juleanne Hobach with joins us.
Helping hunt for ideas for at
#jealous Girls >
Greenlight Fund puts Single Stop on a Boston castle!
Good guys win! Rangers 2 Senators 1. Beyond happy right now.
Got a sweet discount code from a guy at Zappos and ordered 2 very different pairs of grey pumps, MAYBE 1 to be returned ; )
Just saw an excellent pair of Business Shorts©
high lol same to u and how was urs
ugh I don't think so
relief....2nd base....lloyd too IMO
hey miss ya
No but seriously I don't get it.. He doesn't like their hash browns cold.. After 10am.. What is it?
It is!
the round red fox hopped over the tired dog.
Gotta root for Oregonian Kelsey Campbell she's on the USA women's wrestling Olympic team! She's on now LIVE with
you're amazing(: just saying<3
thanks hun. im better now. just having a bad night. love you too! lets hang out soon
hope to see something from the panel
girl i dont know what ur smokin haha but yes you are
A lady is entitled. To some fun... Live your life woman..
Yikes! But at least it wasn't in person. Having a guy follow you to talk to you about your feet for 5-10 mins is creepy.
Get in on this love, Eddie. We're all pals here.
Reference: has a global reach - not just students on campus. Need to be available anywhere, anytime.
one time for you, and one time for me!
.: teaching competences so that students can approach software with a critical eye
Dumanis says as chief executive she knows how to get things done. Asks Filner "where is the proof" of his plan
ATTENTION Prodigy Lovers!: Prod loves the name "Jazzy" now you know yo childs name. thank you
God dammit I'm bout to shoot someone lol
thank you--back at the grindstone tomorrow (though I happen to like this particular grindstone!)
Under the conditions of print literacy we had this idea of a single one true self which multiple identities online changes
I am going to be SO. MAD. if DD gets kicked out. SO MAD.
"Everyone is working for the weekend!" We are hard at work on our 2012 fabric collection.. stay tuned. Happy Friday!!
Need someone to scan pages, photos & slides for ebook creation. Will pay by completed job done acceptably. Need quick turn-around!
:D we are glad you like it!!
follow back! Chico wanted us to work bra
that's a long break, unfortunately, I'll most likely won't be able to see it. Guess I'll be checking stats on the cell.
Could my dreams be more vivid or relevant? Pretty much not possible. I'm exhausted just thinking about it...
I felt the writing wasn't juvenile and even though it was a romance, it was just ok...
If that was the standard, they'd never hire anyone ever.
Let me be clear a man who cannot keep a promise of the past will be less likely to keep one for the future.
If everyone got fired for having affairs the world might be a better place.
Thanks girlfriend, I'm a gangst
Get to have lunch with today. :-)
Lol you really like to play with my emotions don't you
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
ahh bih now im bout to ride yo drity ahh you wear the same outfit 5 times a week
RT if you like Mindless Behavior
I need a phn !
#mims12 final projects are over! Projects were amazing - the judges will have a difficult job. Winners to be announced Sat at graduation.
Please follow our friends at We're all about having a fun time & so are they. Girls weekend! Wahooo! :)
Chicago officially renamed Lake Shore Drive to Hawk Shaw Drive!
you already know boo~
I agree: He's pissed that the Astros are moving to the AL, wants the Brewers to move instead. Also he's a Cardinal dbag.
i cant even wait 9 (pretty much 8 now) days till my birthday to get my HD camera & a new editing software. i wanna make videos NOW <3
WTF!!! if it sounds like a personal problem 2 u y did u ask!!! >:/
Let the show begin!
I'd like to see the Rangers win. I still don't like the Cardinals for beating the Tigers in 2006.
I know this is sexist of me, but I approve of your outfits.
Today is national honesty day!?!?! Honestly who gives a damn because, most of us are at work when we found out!
Indeed, , happy birthday to !
M, delicious nanotech. . .
Your the bad influence I don't know what your talking about
The bane of my existence: Late runs after I start doing the recap. Thanks for the fix.
if he isn't fired by then
Fail your way to an A
Once this lockout is over and the season gets closer will be doing some fun things. More contests and giveaways.
Green House Data to Serve on Panel at IMN's NY Financing, Investing & Real ...
So close to seeing !! 3 blocks has never felt like a longer walk!
Shout outs to everyone that's in such a rush to slow down to look at an accident! #getyo'asson
We signing Woodson?
When Robert Louis Stevenson died on Dec 4, 1894, he willed his Nov 13 b'day to a friend who disliked her own date of birth:
Traffic downtown Louisville bites right now...wtf?!
Damn right Hugo got best cinematography!
i feel so much better<3 thank you mom<3
The comment section of that story is morphing into free marketing for Dave Ramsey.
Where's a good place to send interview requests? We'd love to get someone on to talk about FrontlineSMS.
Why are my two favorite teams playing each other in the first round? UGH #chicago #bulls #sixers #76ers UPSET CITY?
what is it this time, whore?
what record will it take for the bucks to make playoffs?
your mom can sign up next week or you can stop by!
It's Science Thursday on the , so we're going to talk about...science
bacon time nigga
This bill is now a death sentence for thousands. Worthless as a health measure. Shameful.
hahahahaha u think ure funny. Suck it.
U.S. housing starts rose more than expected in April. Promising sign.
That needle just made me jump out of my skin
If this fuckin bird don't shut up. -_-
Happy mothers day!!!:-=) you are the most beautiful and amazing mom i know love u
We hosted a Town Hall at the Ocean Sciences meeting in Portland on 3/25/2010. See details at www.openoceans.org.
Bout To Go Jam Sum Future
Kindergartners are a good way to end your internship!
Can you dm ur email address...want to send you an email.
I SO enjoyed having you in the class! You made me smile quite often :)
#ActOfValour is going to clean up at the #BoxOffice. Extensive marketing & cross promotions leads to strong opening!
I support any and everything with vin diesel lol
Don't tell me a writer and an historian aren't contributing positively to British society just because we don't make over £31k.
WELL SHIT I DON'T KNOW
Crazy night in Cali, enjoyed hanging with good friends and ! 30 hour drive done to Kansas on our way IN!
Through this weekend -- buy one get one free Christmas items!!!
Congrats! and I hope you are not planing to sleep for the near future :)
I love you:)
I think so too lol
Well? RT : Caller asked why we haven't reported Obama has replaced all American flags in the Oval Office with Muslim flags.
Yo my twin got mad followers
I can't wait to bust out my "rally speedo"
Totally have the urge to go clubbing.
yes! Ms. Missy! You make Bellaire great!
#INCS ... Would love to try a similar interactive activity in one of my own classes when I have time to figure out how best to do so.
RT : I need a running partner <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
I just got done kicking the flu in the face. (He only ripped out my earring.) So happy to see you before I pass out!! :)
Portlanders living in the Pearl are shocked to find out there are restaurants, shops, and people living on the other side of the river.
Just studying on the deck in a fort. No big deal
I'm hated everywhere I go.
thanks!! You too!
you never visited me! :( also, next year. Maybe. Lol. I have a big year long internship.
NORRIS COLE
#collegeaudition tip: Your headshot should have your name on it so the auditors don't have to <U+FB02>ip back and forth!
Something's wrong with your Twitter. This post from 2001 made it into your feed. Gore's far beyond "kinda" now.
at least in your perspective--andalso, why you want to talk about/depict love in an experiential manner through your artwork?
First check that your own filters didn't inadvertently catch the appointment reminder email.
These 4g T-Mobile commercials are hilariously inaccurate.
RT : : It takes roughly 7 to 10 years to get new #spectrum into the system #mmtcforum #mobilefuture <-- lost time
RT Don't live in the past. You might miss the great things happening in your present.
Yep. Just an annoyance. Healthy Kesler is the 70pt scoring we've had for the past 2 years. We lose him, we lose a huge asset.
Great lecture from and today at #Quinnipiac extremely motivating
Still got some tickets left for the show at launchpad on the 26th!! Only $10 don't miss out!
this is funny, but I can't help to think this is a tad bit racist
It is my last week of school, although that just means finals are even closer and I feel less prepared.
No sleep 'till...
Cappy pitched out of it
FB. Thank you, Lovely! Cheers.
#Party! Date: Christmas Eve. Time: The entire day. Place: The St. Regis, New York, New York. Requirements: An invite. RSPV
Is anyone going downtown/ want to go downtown today?
ya don't say? lol
And lots and lots and lots of good food!
working on something that I don't want to be working on, when there is something else of greater value that I need to be doing = my night
Its about that time. Dreamland...
hey! Thanks 4 the follow.
Just dropped a dope ass track with and for the Mixtape OMG These niggas got off..!!
: Tiaricka stop bringing up the past!!
Come 2 surrendervegas only nightclub where it goes down! Only@ surrendervegas
I hope so! We'll see where I'm at money-wise. If I'm lookin' good, I'll totally throw money down on plane tickets.
Watching Ancient Aliens with Viggle
Damn you bills.
guys you should follow her she follows back.
oh wow! congrats and good luck!
It's 's birthday and we are getting sexy on the rooftop !!!! @ maggsbopp
How much time do I give someone having a full on conversation in the library before I kindly tell them to shut up?
2 audition in Miami!!and the feling is great............
If I has to choose between breathing and loving you, I would use my last breath to say I love you. :)
All I need is Mary Mary Mary I ain't fuckin with no other drug!
Casartelli. i remember that day like it was yesterday.
can someone tell me
it is! Help?
Looking for that brighter day hm...
You can find us on Facebook! www.facebook.com/EverettHomes
RT : DC announcing that Kline/Obermueller race and #mn02 part of its "emerging races" list for 2012 campaign.
High value content is one of your best #SEO and Brand strategies online
56 days until the Mifflin Street Block Party, let’s make it a great safe event!
you know you're a winner when your first order of business for the day is figuring out how to proposition famous men via Twitter.
All hopped up monster java.
I'm PRAYING I have another growth spurt in me I am almost at 6' and I feel like I'm DOA until I reach it
that is awesome! keep us posted!!
super cute shot, hope you all enjoyed! cheers to mama!
Tried hard not to sample the green onion before tonight's gathering. Onion breath is a hindrance to fellowship...
RT : Brough breakfast to our office today!! Thanks to Nicole for winning us breakfast!! They are so nice too!!!
you need an ikeep so you don't drop your iphone
uh yeah... haha
gonna be a great show. Thanks for having me on.
I gotta poop guys :D
Nose-pincher, can you talk about Lurchy's heater? Also how come Valdez doesn't make picks anymore? Rick picks= ram appearances
hahahaha you're amazing!
No. Some lady. Melted pumpkins in the dining room and refrigerators of spoiled meat in the basement.
Cheese won't harden if you butter the exposed edges before storing.
Sorry I missed your poster - would love to hear about your work. Are you free later?
no problem. Thanks for the feedback!
Watching Scared Straight
RIP critical reading skills
Blogger's got some 'splaining to do. What the heck happened to my videos?
Is your check engine light on? I'll scan it and read the codes for free
Thanks for the follow Nina! I believe you know the Bonita Rankins? :)
Oh snaps! We got some rafts!!! We doin this?
Eek. Yes, you win. No, we don't have Syndol, but I took some Excedrin. It has dulled it a bit, but not made it go away.
Hey, sexy ass. Banging your ass would def make it a good day.
Used the link from LFC email, which I think was to tcktmaster. Was going to try through a USA reds group, but didn't want to wait
RT : GERALD! Old sock!
TALK TO ME!!!
S/O 2 ALL OF MY FOLLOWERS MUCH LOVE AGP
this makes her the second trans from the show after Sonique. Wonder if she is transgendered or transsexual
wheres your mom?! Thank you!
Isn't it great?! Love how the kids gave Coach some challenging questions and made him laugh.
happy bday Blake! Hope it's > any other!
Please do yes
LOVE steel cut oatmeal. Trader Joe's?
prediction: taylor swift
Thank u 4 placing the sun in-front of my bedroom window !!! it's a good way 2 wake up .....
Happy Veteran's Day to my fellow Vets. Freedom isn't free, it's paid for by participation in the democratic process. Be informed and Vote!
Damn it Mr. Dennis, you just lost cool points
says clintonville resident
Smh “: Tht was God, I prayed on this win for the Lakers <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>”
#Ian Eagle quote, "This has been a terrible nightmare for Texas!"
ya feel me.. I just wanna be happy!!! LOL
I could watch drunk girls get arrested on Over The Limit all day long (and I have been.. I should probably get a hobby).
text me honey
it took all this to get me to a tippin point but im glad someone finally pushed me to it.
#REPENTREDEEMRESURRECT 21 Days of Prayer and Fasting scripture for today: Matthew 28. JESUS is ALIVE and with YOU ALWAYS!
Kinda surprised he fell for that. Wishful thinking, maybe.
Good Morning ;) Time to work
going to play gmaes =]
Yeah, I know the roadster well - but what is that particular car (logo, etc)
Anyone know a good mechanic in #denver?
MSNBC just reported that there is a nationwide shortage on drugs for A.D.D. ...I think there was more to that story... but I lost interest.
phenomenal work!
What brilliant person decided to place a sketchers store in Mayfair? No one wears that shit. Except Kim kardashian.
Suggestion for last minute gifts 4 kids: books by Sean Callahan like A Wild Father's Day or Bear Hug or either of the leprechaun books.
maybe it was a spambot getting zapped
You know how they say when you die, your whole life flashes before you? Well do you get to see what happened all the nights you blacked out?
Let's see how bad LA does tonight haha, hope they can recover !
May the Fourth be with you my fellow Star Wars lovers <U+263A>
Kuntz: businesses very aware of professional develop: volunteering with arts organizations a good way to do that
Boardwalk Empire deserves this one.
life seems 2 be full of disappointments, u barely get any breaks and then BOOM, UR LOVE BREAKS UR HEART, life is worse than a bitch
Thanks for the follow! What's your fave game?
hell yeah i been slakcin
The first computer mouse was invented by Doug Engelbart in around 1964 and was made of wood.
SESSIONS BABY
Thank you it is! 30 years later, our alum Kakenya Ntaiya & Kristin Haffert are now foreign policy leaders
The entire collection of new drawings will be updated on aomthree.com soon.
Saw my first #Mobbed tonight needed to see what was tweeting all about. Best hour spent tonight!
good luck! i know a few people who work with the county and they love it.
wiffle ball and day drinking
Appreciate all the love and support I got today
Gary Johnson Fans: Don't wait till after Republican National Convention to start talking up your support. Like Boy Scouts let's be prepared!
Lots of organizational contests and festivals this time of year - how are everyone's groups doing?
nah just the 4. i didnt think it was worth 100$ more
$16.87??? What's that in Swiss energy currency?
Interviewing Hollywood royalty this morning.
Dating or liking someone with a HUGE FOREHEAD <<<< #notattractive #seriously Just for yo
Love you Dr. Oz, keep doing your studies. I will definitely pay closer attention to apple juice and all products. Thank you!!
hope you have alot of duct tape!
Fuck basketball who watches tennis ? Ctfu
thank you Melanie! :)
YEAH METS! ...and Daniel Murphy. 4-0? OMG.
it's true.
I absolutely agree with your article, but since Google just launched their "Groupon", perhaps they will re-energize the idea?
: Hmm,(you know it's coming) Thats sad.
Leine's summer shandy and deep fried bacon. Welcome to Wisconsin!
should go to memorial cause I'm here
Well dis game sucked. Where were my #ravens from last week???
Do we watch the show before or after we SUIT UP? I just want the experience to be legen-wait for it...
thx:) can u help me get noticed by him??
You can catch it like a pop up to the infield, When a half a dozen shots rainin through your windshield
Out of my brain on the
On Vets Day I am offering free golf lessons to any Vet. Avail at Moses Pointe 10 to 2. If u r a golf facility I urge you to do the same.
Who is at meeting ?!?! #TeamKhleo #SoManyGirlsTour #KhleoInOxnard" <<< don't miss him
Ate for first time in awhile and Jay is cooking with skill and creativity, just like always!
I dig the pics
Just got back from mall-hopping since four o' clock. I wanna just go to sleep now....but as coach Reil says, I'll sleep when I'm dead.<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Loved the Africa doc. The band Gull is doing a similar doc on percussion in E Africa. Could you help spread the word?
Had some of the best sleep ever last night
That's pudey. Which movie?
no she not she doesnt sleep
7/28 we're co-hosting an eco-movie fest with ! Swing by James Madison Park @ 8pm to catch the enviro-themed animated shorts.
Scored a new $1150 #AlexanderWang dress for $53 on #eBay. Plus free shipping. Jigga jigga what.
Visit www.twistaid.com to find out how to make opening water bottles easier!
I did and it was FANTASTIC
lol I understand.
#SaySomethin: fans: "omg, this is really good! I should look him up, what's his name again? Mahomies: "Ahh Greg!!! YOU'RE AMAZING! IM DEAD!
I would love to one day get a *friendly* Clark/Lois/Lana scene. I always thought Lana/Lois were pretty classy (drama-free) gals!
Baby if I go inside that you ah hate me
gotten success written all over my face
dude I wish D:
haven't heard from you
Check out Vegan 101 series on StayTunedTV.net
Heading to Philly today and fog is crazy
How was the rest of Parents Weekend for you, ?
Thanks! Hope you have a great rest of the event.
good night!(: i have time to get to sleep earlier(:
innovators going down to San Antonio and Corpus Christi for a couple of shows.coming back to Dallas on December 14.yipeeeeeeee.m loving t
U and Nasri and Cesc should leave. Wenger lost the game using Rosicky in CM. I'm afraid you'll never win anything w wenger
I don't owe you like two vowels. But I would like for you to pay me by the hour
Haha idk but he called "fives" on the big screen
I can email you some basic youtube status check app I made, if your thinking of a web service perhaps I can show you others.
sucha boring day!
It's truly sad to see both of those sites in such disarray simply because they wanted to actually make money at their businesses
great pictures
mine would be 100% successful exit rate :)
Get the word out there to all your friends on FB & Twitter. Tell them to add Fastino's so they could receive great free promotional offers.
at Newcomb's
I would <3
“: Happy sweet sixteen to my beautiful best friend karleeelovesyou :) I love you!” I love you! <3 & thanks :)
last night i had i baseball game i won 12-5 i pitched i struck out 3 batter in one inning.
Yahoo believes its combination of online and offline data will prove a powerful targeting combination for political advertisers this year.
thank god for the pnc at giant eagle being open till 7, but by the time i get through this line it might be 7
Congratulations to & Stella Gould and for Boston Pops concerts New England Emmys on Sat!
Merry Chiristmas!! My dear mother monster~~
sifting through catalogs for oversized shelves
Who ever imagined back in 1964 that some 45 years later fans would still be screaming for Paul McCartney?
Happy Tax Day, Indy! #IDidntTextYouBack because it's #SomethingEveryoneCantDo. I use Twitter and Facebook like most modern humans.
Is it seriously raining right now?
40 likes till 300! spread our link like an STD!
Playin Wit My Money Is Like Playin Wit My Emotions Smokeyy .
You also don't mention me, if you don't want me to see you talking about me. Typical fucking cunt. Its that simple.
I don't see why people complain about Indiana so much
The life you see me living is not mine, but it is lived by faith in the Son of God, who loved me & gave His himself for me. Galatians 2: 20
Dam I just bought a taco from some taco truck....I took one bite to find out I was a bite away from eating a dead roacH on it!!! SICK SHIT
Oh, thank you! Does this mean there are delicious Ivy-made crackers at the shop?
So am I! MT : Excited that will speak re: meta-cognition and writing at Vassar's Pedagogy in Action symposium.
My restlessness is my nemesis.
Bottom 3: King 1, Churchill 1. Game 2. Chargers get an unearned run on a sac fly double play. Churchill leads series 1-0.
as a practicing clinician working with HIV+ pts, what is needed is more money/time/effort/will for prevention/treatment.
The fact that GMO products are not labeled shows that the industry knows consumers might choose not 2 buy these products. Scary.
I'd rather have a life of "Oh wells" than a life of "What ifs"
Even tho I made it I still don't want to eat it. But I'm hungry.
You Kn Follow Me Anywhere That My Plane Go,, She Say She Never Been
you too i guess
I have no idea whether MItt would've made the same decision - for all I know, he would have. But that doesn't take away from O.
Hi and thanks back to you for the follow...I'll keep my eyes open! Best to you!
Concealed guns are on crazy people, like in Columbine. The problem is PEOPLE not getting ATTENTION so work on USA Mental Health
We are excited to see you there! Thanks for the mention.
Here's hoping lightning strikes the HELL IS REAL billboard on I-71 next.
Just trying to help -___-
End of the semester is drawing near and I really just want to run off to Key Largo and practice yoga under the tropical sun!
No, I had to cancel. I have pneumonia.
I got oxygen for Christmas.
I learned how to run down stairs by watching Eddie Murphy in 48 Hrs.
Feeling charged and ready for all of the goodness ahead. Hope that EVERYONE is full of HOPE and JOY. :-)
A Recommendation For The Humble Condom | Diary of a First Child
you can borrow my black, rhinestone-encrusted jock w/the leather detailing again. Just don't return it like you did last time...
Darn it all. I had hoped to put in a little Demon's Souls time before work. Oh well, at least I have this homemade mango juice.
Teen pregnancy rate continues fall in Knox County
lol who did that?
Ask your civic leaders to address fair housing, and the enforcement of landlord tenant agreements. The economy is bad! TBR
: awww too sweet. thanks to the lady who is THEE best singer I know! #PopStar #StarintheMaking #R&B
If you ever start taking things too seriously, just remember we are talking monkeys on an organic spaceship flying through the universe.
ciate tu !! lmao .u will be fine ... do u drink energy drinks?.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who you always fight with, but love em to death!
yeah right say it to myh hand girl \(>.<)/
hope it was money well spent :) Would love to see some pics of your finds. Thanks for coming.
i heard about the tuition thing, but thats for marines just getting in. Everyone that was in before the order is good
Welp \-_-/ its official. I pee'd in front of a school where the kindergarden kids come out to play...... I kno i kno. Smh
Stay tuned fans, we are rolling out our #Tabs feature on our #pointofsale to make #bartending faster and more efficient.
We Love LA! VonChurch wants to speak to Tools and Java Programmers in or willing to move to LA
Wisconsin's annual school staff report shows that school districts cut 2,312 positions for the 2011-12 school year, DPI says.
I love my dad. Needed to hear his voice and sweet words. Seconds after I prayed, God affirmed through Him.
Document Writer « Arlington Employment Center Job Board
Even a clock that does not work is right twice a day. ~ Polish Proverb
ill be sure to tell him you said hi. Don't worry
I just need one more follower than
What ? is #1 on KEEK AGAIN ? Why am I not surprised ;) <3
Our tattoo-to-skin ratio is way too low...Wilson Chandler will correct this problem #Raptors I guess we'd win a few more games too..
Shattering breaking into a million piece being pushed don like u are nothing like u dont matter
Yeah! Finally.
I've been reading Betty White's "Betty's Friends," her personal love letter to animals. It's just fantastic. She's so inspirational!
My Motto for 2012: Don't stress over things over things you can't change!!
it's a great home town... Almost there for Easter! Looking for tickets every where I can...
great segment on
Guys talking about how cool they are
Thank you! :)
thats the truth. So is rum but I love to poison myself.
rated r for "course language?" does that mean they use words like "sandpaper?"
Btw: You should check out the #muckedup chat re journos interviewing on twitter. I might hop in after I get through this presentation.
If more than 100 kids show up for our show at mojoes on Sunday Mike will get my face tattooed on his ass.
#OnlyInChicago is there a shooter on 90E at 10 at night..
For the next 2 hours swing by Oxford Club & Spa and get the deal shown here: 40% off All Services
thanks so much Morgan !
check out the new pic...what do u think?
My biggest fear is to look out my window at night and see someone staring back at me.
I thought the same thing. At least the number will decline if anything.
watching Charlie's Angels Season 4...woo-hoo!
thanks Twitter for you know, being there, sort of
Hey I'm wearing a grey hoodie to the show. Lets try to avoid that moment where I have to go change
Show love to those who try to reject the "Christ" in you..Remember, that's what he did for us! Romans 5:8
Its getting sexual
RT The universe will reward you for doing what you love -
you tryna buy a lease or exclusive?
Took down all the posters on my walls and replaced them with some framed pics of me and ...
If I paid earlier I can just leave tight
Good Morning:)
We need that new
I was going to retweet you but Twitter forbade me from doing so.
Lifes a bitch , but I love that bitch dont fuck with her!
Just to completely change things up, I'll be spending most of today on a short film shoot, playing the androgynous bartender in a noir.
Its 78 degrees out. HELL YES:)
ha my sister just sent me that...I think in hopes I'll move out there with her! It's be a cool job though
Watched the first 6 mins of Mail Vlog! They're so cute :) I'll have to finish the rest later.
Goodmorning :) I hope u have a great day :D
LOL ": I see Sagittarius,Aries,Capricorns, and Cancers are still up.”
She is the best Dan .
well...its no fun cleaning alone, who would like to help? I do have booze...
In The My Bedroom=^D Lol
oh yeah!
Thanks a million. Keep an eye out for your name in the credits! I have been writing and ranching 11 acres and been busy!
Lord help me. I've just discovered
yes!! I'm a huge fan of I dont think 1R is a fan of me tho.#sadtimes “: Are you a fan of OneRepublic?
Berrey is comfortable in relying on others, says he cant do it alone
Everything's great bro. Yeah, trying Twitter out. I like it. It's cold today. But you already knew that.
Last lunch in PA. Hometown bound- Barberton, OH or bust. The6thbranch:-) org/rtd
Go follow and
I have a couple heroes ... Mostly people who took nothing and turned it into a whole lot...
Hoping to go on a mini-Texas tour this summer. Help us out and make this happen. We need money!
Beer is good for you but vodka is better ;)
i hope you jeep ur career going because im so excited for your new album to come out! shine. Shine. Shine.
It never gets old... RT“: Not a veteran, per se, but I do know what it takes to defend these fucking colors. Happy Veterans Day.”
Effing metro. Guess I'm walking home. Cc
Ha @ David West touching Chalmers' face
...and hope your guardian genius." - Joseph Addison
I know this sounds weird but will you do a late night follow for me :) haha
You must be able to differentiate between barking dogs and barking dogs who bite -
Thanks for following<3
Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.Bamboozle.
who did he follow ?
We just checked it out and it looks awesome!! Thank you!
Thanks you guys!
One of the best things about a holiday weekend is the short work week that follows! Wahoo!
Actually, it was awarded AT the LA Festival of books. The award was from Latino Books into Movies, from Latino Literacy Now.
“You write in your letter something which I sometimes feel also: Sometimes I do not know how I shall pull through.” Vincent van Gogh
DMiner Apps helps Realtors to create custom, affordable mobile applications to engage customers and prospects. Please RT!!!!
Some people say hiccup can be cured by spinning around in circles. How do you get rid of it?
RIP 88. a boy from The Rock who was livin his dream. Prayers to the Uekman family.
Do I Have Any Followers That Live In SC
Miss your tweets/newsletter. Stay strong. I hope things get better for you.
Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood.
Now I hear that Vidal Sassoon has died (no relation). I've lived with the nickname "Vidal" since middle school. Hopefully it dies today too.
Psyched that is emceeing tonight's On Lok celebration!
Aww, thank you :) I've been great! Just super busy with school.
Now I have to do homework
6 shots of patron
Just watched a dude empty a bud light on the street rolling up to a stop light.
All I want is love and joy to be with someone that way but I can not imagine where I put my mind would come IS EVER
All potential heroes are victims, of themselves if male, of others if female. Creature's gender?
I'm much simpler than that
Just received a flyer about getting a 2nd coat of paint on my house instead the usual "get the entire house painted" pitch. Nice approach!
No problem w/requiring permission. Why not? If you are tying it to prof goals on school time, using sch email, why not?
So, we're deff pigging out tomorrow. <U+2665>
Paying the price for nice winter/early spring. Gray, gray, gray! Only handful of sunny days. Need the rain, pleny of shower chances.
RT : Yipeeeee. #smx Matt Cutts says more focus on video sitrmaps - it's about time. Thanks
my parents are watching #NSN without me !
Thanks for coming! It was great fun!
USA LUG&#39;s Linux Blog: Which Debian-based Linux distributions ...
Social media correctly predicts #Oscar winners - power of the crowd! via
That's awesome.
“: Opening Day in Cincinnati. Streets lined with red. It doesn't get much better than this.” come visit Monk's in Mt. Adams!!
On my way to set at the Santa Monica pier!
trying to be important
seen you out there hustlin #teampacers !! keep grindin bro
You're brilliant at this.
HEY TWITTER BABES!! I'VE MISSED YOU ALL!! <3 SRY BEEN GONE FOR A LIL BIT!
I certainly hope so! There's got to be a way to get the innovation of children's interactive e-books into the adult realm.
Many thanks! RT : #MarketerMonday (favorite ladies): , , , ,
I only go raving if my friends are up for it. I have yet to go... x3
Favorite panel/paper of the day? Come to Hancock Room, 2nd floor, at 3PM and give it the props it deserves via the #scms12 camera.
lol, I been on Future for a while. He doesn't always have the best deliverance but what he saying is so REAL!!
Got a 96 on my management midterm. I feel qualified to manage people.
that's what I'm saying! And his was chosen to debate about tomorrow!
Biz tip: It typically takes at least 7 imprints of your mktg msg for someone to respond. Are you expecting results after 1?
Eighteen can not come fast enough.
Interviewer: "If you could save one thing in a fire, what would it be?" Liam: "I would save my girlfriend." Harry: "LOSER."
Absolutely LOVE that the Breaking News on ESPN crawl right now is David Stern shenanigans
So who's going to have some Donna Summer songs ready for at tonight in tribute?
“: Re: Newson: There was absolutely no collusion with the campaign, period.” trust me!
Jim Graham is being re-sworn in as the Councilmember for Ward 1
At pearlridge gonna watch
Nerd city. Population: me
Both LA teams 0-2 in close out games so far.
ik dude Idek what happen I lost my gage hurt sprit :(
I act completely calm around my parents.but as soon as Im with my friends , Im like the Energizer bunny on crack! :D Swag
HOW DID YOU GET AUSTIN TO FOLLOW YOU ? D: I'VE BEEN DYING TO GET HIM TO FOLLOW ME AND BRIBING HIM WITH JOKES AND HIGH FIVES
We're at the Minnesota State High School Hockey Tourney stop by our booth
video shows alleged robbers minutes before attacking woman...story coming up at 11
": #NowPlaying: "Tonight", by "Awesome
Yes, definitely! And car design is a window into the soul/spirit of a historical era, too.
We working out my new song before studio Tuesday!!!!!
Nevermind, it was a miniseries that aired in Canada
Lol at girls who like your sloppy seconds. Literally.
Free Twitter Training by Top Earner. Great Tips! Happy to share. send email to will get out!
I'll head there for an orange tomorrow!
Senior Character Artists - A Developer europe - for more information contact .uk
Glad to hear is going to stop tweeting. Too bad it's after he's already cost a lot of people their jobs.
Dating sucks
RT : I am so proud of the city of Indianapolis. So many people have told me this is the best Super Bowl they have ever attended!
MT : Please watch "The Interrupters". Painfully eye-opening documentary on gang-violence in
Hope all my #castle tweephearts enjoying their summer WInter or whatever season it is :)
I didn't know! It was last minute
I have self control... That seems to be the advantage!
<< No. I haven't watched it in quite a while now I just follow her on here sometimes she has a valid point I think is funny.
Rage players: practice is canceled. Take this time to workout and see you Friday!
#MahoneOnTheView trend it! may see it and smile (:
Maxwell Technologies' Swiss Subsidiary Launches New Line of Medium Voltage ... - Sacramento Bee
Keith Olbermann believes in unicorns..tonight at 9 MSNBC
& I still read those texts and regret every word I said.. I'm sorry.
I hope all goes well for you man! Live your dream! Good luck and be safe out there bro!
good luck! Let me know if you need me to pick you up on the side of the road! :)
Just so we're all clear, I wouldn't take a bullet for any of you.
": if our music was not #free, would you perceive it to be more valuable? hmm I guess the answer to that would have to be yes :/
Let's go Marquette! Beat Nova!
Showalter getting the schollie seems like a logical possibility.
coworker has a playlist of Bach on today, and it's inducing one long flashback playing flute in high school all-state band auditions.
I don't know if I was more offended by the bigoted, racist "jokes" or the people who laughed.
Omg. I keep having sneezing attacks.
Not a good weekend. Both my teams lost by 1 pt. UK and the Bengals ;(
#read Psalms 118:8 It is better to trust in the LORD than to put confidence in man
let's!
I think I saw a pig fly by!!
no way I'm listening to that too<3
Yes! RT : A5 Everything related to the Maya, Mérida. Valladolid, Tizimin. All that is full of culture and adventure
login to see us live! www.iBand.me
How were mohawks ever cool?
Be sure to stop by the site and thank the author too! Good luck with your ceramics unit!
Working on it! And you can always check the app to see what availability is like—we'll do our best to have you covered!
Kick Buttowski? Please do that against Rams.
know anyone who sells telecoms products? please re-tweet or pass on our number: 0844 880 2010. Fantastic Channel Partner opportunity!!
Aw thanks Fidz! I have a few stories to post soon! <3
For The Love Of Music
My Bday is coming up & I'm not gonna celebrate... All I want is double stuffed Oreo cookies & my dry cleaning paid for... Simple as that!!
Great slide gamel!
Perhaps I will find a reason to use this strange service again. It is still mildly baffling?
I say the word dude way too much. oh well. :)
Well, one time a friend told me.... Wait, maybe that was tequila.
What an awesome project!
You're very welcome!!! <333 =)
Bowling Champs!
I missed this ..maybe I can catch it online somewhere...youtube?
something like that, yes :)
im kinda tearin' up rite now...
i just need to find a shirt that would match it nicely
So much of what we call management consists in making it difficult for people to work.
#jcrew swimsuit in cart; Why is it shipping in 10 to 14 days? I just wasted my time, not buying this, not waiting 14 days.
Also wrote yesterday for CQ, behind paywall: House Intel committee considers DOD cyber-threat information sharing program as national model.
Come on Spurs!!!
Snake Bites Cream Cheese, Grilled Jalapenos & Bacon - Gluten Free 7.99
Thanks so much for your #FF mention. It's very much appreciated!
thank you.
Hunger games was a firm movie
follow me whitney
Thanks for the RT we appreciate it. Hope to see you at the Lena Horne event today beginning at 6:30pm
ewwwwwwwwwwwwwww *gags with whole soul*
i am so sorry i wsent there when you were sad. I changed my accout to
nada. What u up too
I don't understand why you say you're so fat, but then go get ice cream and cookies every night. Tell me how thats logical!
How's your husband?
Interesting developments via Amazon, Dropbox, Google and You Win in Cloud Music Copyright Decision (MP3tunes)
who know me being a hot head #fighting breaking my hand losing everything i thought i had at the time... would lead to a better me
My tummy hurts:(
you know...what would u like us to have backstage for u to eat and drink. we supply u dudes with food. we wanna get what u like!
Date Night - Cap City Comedy at 8:00 followed by Rob Dickinson at Mixx - make the wife listen to No Control Radio on KROX on the way home.
RT He puts up with my crazy self...
Pumped for Outside Lands. Can't wait to see my friends!
Thanks for the follow!
I hated him b4 more. (youtube trick shots, Cavs bench dancers). Decision dumb, people should let go
publish it where?
oh yea
Yes, the loafer is back! Except, for spring 2012, we recommend a metallic loafer that will make your outfit POP!
Phoenix Arizona is the best city I have seen in my life .
well get ready to cough up Dat extra key ;-)
Temperatures already in the 50's! A much anticipated relief when you wake up tomorrow
MY GOD JOSHUA I WILL MISS YOU
I like the sound of this...
I am not even ready for this!
If there were no God, it would have been necessary to invent him. ~ Voltaire
Stop the hate on others. You have NO idea what they go through each and everyday. One little thing that you say can make or break someone.
welcome to Portland man. Been following you since BC. Wonderful addition. Congrats balla
What should I do...
God LOVES YOU! Now time to get focused! No turnovers tonight LIN!
Been on the grind since 9am. Time to close the work email & shut down for the night. Must find my way to the ocean & beach ASAP!
It may be getting serious now... may have hit first plateau on rise up in workout weight at 270.
of course they were so beautiful!!
Very excited that we'll be buying a house at the end of Summer... I want one of the houses on
cheers my friend!
Listening to Evelyn Lear's recording of the Vier Letze Lieder. I'm crying, it's so beautiful. Can't wait to sing this one day with orchestra
when r you going to make a play of your books? I'd produce it at my theatre in a heartbeat!!
indeed I did. There is no re-reading, only reading.
I'm sure it has been said or phrased another way. But I'm Convinced success is found at the edge of failure. The trick is not going over.
wouldn't it be lovely to have one of those RFID wands to hunt those DVDs down?
I can't tell my boss "this is my new lover" bwahahaha
Its been a long day!....
Sorry, misunderstood. Lamar Smith has $1 million+ in his campaign fund. We just need enough to inform voters.
If you a top notch bitch lemme hear ya holla
#everyoneisanartist hashtag allow artists to populate exhibition space with work via Twitter May 11 - June 16.
alright,.. Pants coming off
I was told that the sky was the limt! So I've started to put my footprints all in it!!!!!!!! #goals set & #accomplishments are being made.
yeaa..it looks kinda stupid!
If you're not watching this #Knicks game, you're not a sports fan.
Job searching!
#scms12 climate change models as speculative fictions that can recalibrate the network
Obama had made-up girlfriend & now campaigns with imaginary #Julia, victim of make-believe war on women. Re-elect him? In his dreams!
#OnlyTMWouldUnderstand this sign---> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
So far in the airport terminal one lady is hacking up a lung and another lady is sneezing. Awesome.
Looks good! Be sure to tell the now-jealous people in your life where you picked up that sweet garment. Thanks for ordering.
Not sure if USPS workers would move faster than a snail's pace even if a tsunami hit...
Money Make Her Come
of course ;) Vets
Heading to the Earth Day celebration at !
I want to go on a road trip. <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+008C>
Man, every single comic I've read out of last months releases is top fruggin' notch-tacular.
It's going well, getting some things done, hungry though.
Playing these damn spades with Birthday boy Kenny....run them...Thirsty Thursday
I told the kids they could choose a movie to watch while I workout and get some work done. Their choice: Robin Hood with Errol Flynn.
I'm damned to feel the way I do. What have I done to fall so hard for you.
I want to wish everyone a Merry Christmas!
"The four cornerstones of character on which this nation was built are: Initiative, Imagination, Individuality and Independence."
I'm not worried at all because what goes around comes...
BOUT TO MAKE HOMEMADE #MEXICANFOOD YA I
It actually was pretty goddamn amazing.
is there a comment function for specific tDAR files? - looking at report with redactions that missed a few that needed redaction
More than 135 foster kids have been adopted in Anch this year, according to AK DHSS. On this AK Adoption Day, 18 families have new members
Bangkok Bistro at Ballston
#808Pride do u ever down? Do u ever wanna chat #realTalk with another girl? Sharing how u really feel inside about sumthing? If so DM ME!!
#ShadowsInTheMoonlight is such a joy for me to work on. It's my first two part feature film & will have such amazing cast & crew! News soon
“Never invest in any idea you can’t illustrate with a crayon” -Peter Lynch
Not a problem! And that's what we love to hear, hope you're having a great
My mom always laughs at me when I make new clothes or reconstruct something, she says I dress just like her at my age!
That's why Chris Paul is worth at least one playoff series by himself NBA playoff where
is on his way to becoming a lawyer. Good luck on your first day of law school dude!
how would you rank the AFC east? Mind u #JETSNATION is watching.
Howard, for next year, would not be going to NJ. It will be Brooklyn
Whose ready for hoops!?
Haven’t purchased your tickets to BonfireJam yet? Get 'em before they sell-out! The BonfireJam box office is officially open NOW!
what else has he been in ?
Time to go1 :D LATERS TWITTER !!
Shucks, thought the promoted University account was for a beer University.
. Great. Now she's going to talk to about how cheap I am. I'm going to find some donuts.
Could be both! :) Looking for a pre-AAM panel thing, but it's in the air still.
I like a good standoff
RT : and don't mess with my stereo...
Phase one complete - 2011 Mac Mini Server loaded with Lion running Parallels Server installed. New VM with Windows 2008 R2 is super fast!
I come from a working class family & ain't nothing worse then growing up in a household with money problems...IJS
I couldn't agree more with you on that & being in AZ now helps
Hey Emily! How'd the show go?
Help rally the community to drop off an Easter Basket 4 Please RT for ill & disadvantaged children thru/out the Vegas Valley.
Caffeine does wonders ppl!
tonight at ! $1 beers, $4 pitchers, $2 bud light drafts, $4 vodka crans! 14 acts, painters, and food all night!
I've read your poetry! That counts for something, right?
: - LIFE JUST GOT BIGGER - MAJOR ANOUNCEMENT COMING UP THIS FRIDAY!
We're looking forward to it, Maria.
Happy Thanksgiving!
im gone!
BAhahahahahaa! Or the clerks think you're flirting.
#ThingsIlookfor..in business, new rackets to take over..in a speakeasy, a rival to start a brawl with..in life, ways to earn more dough..
Finishing up the next issue of Small Town Living (www.stliving.net)
yea sure u do lol..
The Beatles? The real question is when will Bob Seger come to iTunes?
haha it may be cause I've been here for s while LOL.
S/o my bro Popeye Go Follow Him >>
I was living vicariously through ... I wasn't there either :-/
Also want to say I am a ginger as well so lets share the love
Frame building class with is going great! Finish that frame today man, haha!!!
Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone!
What are you buying?
Thrift Tones hiitin the stage tonight at LoCash. Drink specials, BBQ under 10 bucks, and Never a Cover. That's what we're all about MKE! JC
In the courtroom, awaiting Offc Scott Elliott to make his 1st appearance. He's accused of sex crimes.
Disneyland til 12 got home at 2 and had work at 6am this morning , time to k.o for hours
joints dope fam! Did you want a 16 or did you want me on the whole joint?
Start working out tommoro ....
good luck bamboo not so lucky.
A horrifying tale for sure.
All fans should be treated equal. None of them should be treated badly.
Like come on it didn't hurt that bad calm down
Chill mode. #Berry ciroc
Okay so I've been contemplating my new dwelling and making Xmas purchases but excavation eludes me.
haha we got joint custody
such an improvement over Kindle though. Thanks for all your hard work at the Spring Event too!
Craving HOT Popcorn @ the moment and need to sleep. But I am VERY curious about this #Meteor Shower ! Is anyone waiting up for it??
Regret listening to music so loud now..
#AskGeorge Just so you know: Whenever Spitzer’s on, most of America—and all of New York—changes channels.
Glitter and gold.
will do tavale, I'd love to have the main man himself on my portfolio
": lol what BS happen ..I'm nosey ..lol"/the bs is I can't chillax because i gotta go to wk!!
Listening to this game on xm. Let's go
Bagel & coffee before a 1/2 day of school >>> #yum #GettingOuttaSchoolEarly<3
To our friends on the East Coast: high in mid 80's here today. Just letting you know.
Not sure what to make of today, a phone call that I'm blessed to get but feel bad about. A life so blessed that I should just LOVE everyone
Daily deals that will soon give back 10% of our proceeds to #Albuquerque #NM #Nonprofits #Schools #Youth Athletics
Given the acceptable weight standards, I can see why it's Splash Country. 300 lb. adults, 200 lb. kids, baby pool=wave pool.
So I'm officially pissed at my boyfriend ! Good fucking night ;c
RIP Elizabeth Taylor. I would shed a tear for you, but my over indulgence in plastic surgery prevents that #ABQ thanks for making me pretty
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Hey Arnold :-) :-) :-)
Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage
I'll be sure to keep you updated w/ pics. These babies have to soak for a few months till we can dive into baking w/ their vanilla goodness.
It's been a few weeks, and I think we're all ready to get a little ROCK out of our system.This Saturday, it's all happening McGuinness
5/11/1777->J Trumbull:We derive sentiments of the People are powerfully directed to Liberty&no impression of the Enemy will pass w/ impunity
Had fun tonight! Thanks Long Beech!
how to become one of the winner..im not interested till you retweet me or tweet..:)please
that's a joke right?
im here until monday
WHO IS BETTER OR
o really dam your soo smart
- weaves & smokers?
WHO REALLY OWNS YOUR LIFE? Your business, and/or your boss? Take control of your life!! www.whoreallyownsyourlife/spl004
Check out our new app for iphone and Android. Search "california VIP" or call 619.226.1121 for details.
#10FactsAboutMe I LOVE Soccer, its the only thing that keeps me sane within the choas around me
There's a party in my pants and you are invited!
is goin off right now!
21 more days left of school
it's easy to admit you were wrong after you get caught in a lie and have no other ways out of it.
"Anyone who considers arithmetical methods of producing random digits is, of course, in a state of sin." --John von Neumann, 1951
Always eat post workout. This helps to replenish all that you burned during your workout!
come chill with me someone. im bored as fuuuuck :(
Shout out to the dude I've never met, before tonight.. That just asked for money to bail his fiancé out of jail...
Glad tomorrow is Saturday! What about u guys??
Picking up kayli at 230, Amira at 245, Jessica at 3. Then picking up my mom at 315.
Self Help Graphics to honor , others for help in finding new Boyle Heights home, at fundraiser 7PM Friday, 1300 E. 1st St.
no, I'm paranoid. There's a huge difference.
Good afternoon beautiful people :-)
Nothing is as easy as it looks, things are not as hard as you think! To each his own!
That is wonderfull news... missed you getin buckets!!
is that a good thing? :) if it's not.. Tell him i'll kick his butt!
#USPS says it will close downtown #NOLA facility. /via
Betemit in LF. He's started only 2 games there in his big league career. MT : Here's #Orioles lineup at #Twins Andino 4, ...
At #WilliamAlexanders where is about to open up for Chris Heroldt!
So you're telling us that you got a special treat?
“: Well, I'm off to Club bed. Featuring DJ Pillow and Mc Blanky.” they copied our tweet !!
Cheer season needs to start like NOW!
Costco on a wkd never ends well.
I see. So how's your life?
Cleaning, shopping, brunch with the ladies, and game of thrones tonight with !!
came to work early got a bagel and coffee and realized I don't have to have old married couple bfast <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Just watched the commencement speech did for ball state. #wow such a talent and a wonderful woman.
Anyone know how long it takes to get an updated app reviewed in the iOs app store? 7 days and counting…
I made it back downtown earlier than expected. If you're still downtown, I'd love to get an oil change today. I DM'd my phone
yes! Many loved ones of mine affected here totally agree
Auction update: 2 center-court seats to Blazers game next season... and a meet-and-greet w Blazers dancers. Current bid: $200. 503-517-6123
We just keep winning baby !
More like LW. (Sorry, Co-Chair!)
I Hate Sleepin Alone..
I am so jealous!! Rock it hard in Paris!!!
my existence is currently in the hands of #starbucks and those darn little
I just learned was a potter in a former life...he's presenting "historicizing new media design"
RIP Wash.
Current Analysis #CTIA Roundup webinar - Enterprise Mobility - End-user Privacy & App Discovery -
oh my gawd!! please just come over i am begging you pleease!!
Who said you could get on that bike.....busted, but i still love you ma
I want my boyfriend home. Like now.
in my opinion, you guys did the best at Warped this year. And honestly one of the best live bands I've ever heard. #leveler RT?
has anyone invented an emoticon for "I just threw up a little bit in my mouth" yet?
what happen y would she jump stupid
follow my personal - :)
You should never agree to surrender your dreams
Why do these people sit by the windows in these Jason movies? My ass would be under the bed.
I need a stay at home mom to help get the rest accomplished LOL
you're right but I'm sure that they are having a BAD hangover.
Really??? You switched to Coach K? If we cared we easily could have found ESPN No need to shove it down our throats!
Ah, thanks for tweeting this girl! You gotta good heart and are a good egg :) Good to have our allies!! xoxo
AZ- #JesseKelly #GOP trying to fill #GABBY Gifford’s congress seat FLIPS now is for seniors who HE SAYS are on PUBLIC DOLE
Want to eat an amazing amount. I love Chicago,leaving soo soon. Have to enjoy as much as I can
Pizza for breakfast
the awkward moment when I walk into the room and I realize I'm the only bad bitch reppin
us too but visit us in AC or NYC or Fort Lauderdale!!!
hey you can send me sample if you want but okay
i asked my dad if wen we go bak to jersey to take me to the iconic complex he sed he now were that is and yes yahhhh :) so happy
Depends on if you believe in too much of a good thing? I would prefer to see some defensive issues addressed.
Jack Porter! :)
sure, for a subscription fee!! hahaha
that happens every time to at Rye. You have to specifically ask for it "neat" to get it in a low glass
How's everyone today<U+E415><U+E057>
need to go back to bed.
I have a fucking 77.8% in the class IF I don't do reading counts and I'm pretty sure if I got at least a D on the Powerpoint and essay,
#RedSox missed opportunity to move up in standings. Not acceptable to lose 2 out of 3 to lowly A's. Must do better against Orioles!
Masterson is lost.
Question: if I retweet a link on Twitter, does it re-shorten the link adding to the chain? Think with RT it does.
Name the top 5 best cities in the world to listen to good music!
Young Ryan Leaf? RT : So proud of our Freshman QB Connor Halladay tonight, let's finish this strong Wazzu!!
There's no "o" in for good reason. It's a useless letter.
URGH! I want to be at #Coachella so bad!
Hell yeah. Were adults and its fun to tell others how sexy they are. Like u >:)
Doing laundry T.T
You still care. I can see in in you.
I'm like a bird, I Wana fly away
$59 flights nationwide. Southwest.com
Letting a man pick the movie is as scary as letting him cut your hair.
Already finished turkey, dressing, greens!!!;)
LOL, I literally have no clue what I'm talking about when it comes to soccer.
Hello Twitter World ???
We are coming down to the wire. I just learned that we are only $1,850 from our goal by midnight tonight! To contribute:...
Ps3 or Xbox?
Day 1 of the Public Funds Summit off to a great start! Next at 4:45 New Strategies in Alternative Investments. 5:45 Asset Allocation
I cant wait for my senior prom next year!!! More inportantly i cant wait for my 18th birthday and my graduation! :)
See random acts of culture everyday "Flute Man" plays in the entry way to the vacant building on 4th & Chestnut @ 12pm
My Sega stopped working, but on the upside I think Dukakis can win this thing
Morels, yes you can have them in your braised shortrib strogonoff tonight!
good morning ;)
I painted Marijuana Acres on my buddies barn in huge black letters. #BestPrankEver untill the DEA showed up with dogs & found his stash..
'She' can do whatever she wants, thats her business. But looks like "she" is trying to get famous w/ her unkempt self.
So you want to work in IT. Do you like to work on weekends.
Oh no. Call me maybe?
Anytime Stoke City is mentioned, I sing it to the tune of Rack City.
I am ready to get another tattoo..........
Former Broncos Quarterback Jake Plummer will be our guest tonight at Tavern Downtown for the CBS Xfinity Monday Live show at 6:30!! Take...
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
Lakers came out to play tonight! It's about time!
He lurrrrrves competition episodes.
Love is just a word, you bring it definition - Eminem
Good, good. #Writing. Thinking about ebooks.
Check out the latest at www.triskelionsociety.com
It'll be hard but I'll never give up on this. I swear. :*
Be kind to those who aren't as smart as you.
Thanks brother, best of luck to you and The Summers. Enjoy the Death Cab show.
Uh la la found me an iPod <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
How many car elevators can I put in my house when I win the Mega Millions Jackpot?
Al Gore Vidal Sassoon
Despite a challenging day love conquers all!
If I lived in LA i'd be on fairfax right now.
If you don't audibly fart when you're getting a security patdown at the airport, the terrorists win.
you do realize you're the last person to post on my fb wall thus you're calling yourself an imbecile
You gotta make a deposit- before you can make a withdrawal.
Today my backyard was visited by one bunny, six squirrels, a host of birds, and umpteen million chipmunks!
caffeine + inception soundtrack
Friends: I've missed you, too. I'll be at all day tomorrow with
Fun sighting of during lunch today with !
Aww. Happy birthday buddy!
Being a Belieber is more than just the concerts and the CD's, it's about being there, supporting Justin forever.
only on the weekends.
Our menu tells you a lot about our chef! And our wine tells you a lot about our food!
I don't sign onto this name as much, which is an issue, but I need to make a resolution about this name!
I'M in new york, and I felt that shit..
and not sure of the temp in NY, but in Dallas its in the 70's.
saying uh huh to everything rn
these pigeons are going to town on this donut, and for once in my life, I'm a little jealous of a pigeon.
Today is the rarest of days: I know all of the random movie quotes and song lyrics being posted on my fb news feed.
k you know him, so just ask him to do duet with him. Im pretty sure he wont care
Who else is going to the Latino Books into Film Awards Presentation? I'll be there! #LA Festival of Books.
Sharon said, "Ebenezer you are better than then the other monkeys in the zoo." Then Ebenezer became a stir.
Thank you! Any news yet????
Okay, that's it from me. Time to go home now.
Her legs spread so easy, I can't believe it's not butter
no they don't they are going to need him to play corner
I love the irony of smart water. Paying like $3 for something that's free... the only smart ones are the people selling it
way to get it back baby! Great TD catch
Yup, My boyfriend def. got food poison from boar's nest.... :( no bueno
#TheThingIHateMost People who say I Love You and don't mean it
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 21
awh nah :( i wish!
I did
We would be thrilled to host one of your events
Saw the worst accident on 41N on my way to work. Hoping everyone is ok.
Exciting! I'm going to try to make it.
backbone.js where have you been all my life?
...a busy spring ahead with others' music, but also looking forward to trying some new ideas with my own bits and pieces. stay tuned friends
Justin bieber us sexy af he got some muscels and stuff.uff my gosh!!!
I'm seeing 2022 and doing it right now!!!!! no-one gets in my way.
One of my patients hid Easter eggs all around the unit for the other kids to find in the morning. I have the best job ever.
sounds good man. Just remember free shipping if you use code SENDIT
what are u up to thos weekend?
#Askalexconstancio (; have you heard of omfgitsjackandDean....they were at playlist?
Curse you and your irrefutable comebacks.
Wouldn't it be cool to live near and ?
All it take is one run tho
shit I'm bringing vans in my purse for when I get tired wearing my heels, swag ???
that news about CASA is from 2008, is there an updated version?
The sound of me banging this aluminum softball bat on the empty beer keg is your cue to go the fuck home. Drive safe!
he's not 100% yet & if he isn't fully ready to go they won't play him & they shouldn't play him. It makes no difference now.
Betty is late
good?We stock solid select redoak&hardmaple flooring that covers 19sq ft/bundle. Prices depend on quantity &contractor pricing
Kudos on winning Outstanding Philanthropic Program of the Year, for Mock Rock, at !
Go to iTunes and grab hit single "WOP" it's almost GOLD but we need #PLATINUM letsgoooo
I guess you lose some and win some, as long as the outcome is income..
do you wanna come to a tinychat with me we can talk we can sing we can do what ever
I'd rather root for George Hill than Lebron.
surprised? Bc I'm not
Holy fuckin hell. Red sox getting chopped tonight AGAIN It hard so support a team wen they play pure shite. But support them will
If it's scary in a good way... and the financials all work out... go for it. You may never learn more in a short period of time.
Thanks! I agree, was fantastic! I've got her pal tomorrow morning on
#IAintFucknWitIt if u cry about da small irrelevant shit. Chill have fun and live a lil.
“Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are.”~Bertolt Brecht
ALL THE FELLAS IN THE WORLD WHO GOING THROUGHT IT ME YEAH YEAH (NOW I GIVE UP)
Wanna make a s/o to for making first place at the talent show! You did great!
lol whenever you want / can lol
I don't go to church like I should but I'm constantly praying. . . I'm slowly changing and I'm doing it all for my son ily Te'On
Sleepy time tea with babydoll :D
MaZe1eR hey bro did the mighty crowns dunk officially drop today bc I read via Nike website the highMlDe
his name kind of makes me angry
We work so hard to promote our causes and our movement. What we are and do is stated on our site loud and clear!
The person who's hacking my twitter you're in trouble...thanks everyone for the messages...el imbecil que hackeo mi twit estas en problemas
Taking it in for the night.
I don't need to meet you to tell what kind of person you are!
getting 2geda today to preview "who do you follow" then released later tonight!! :)
I am too much concentrated on myself
Old Pretty Ricky >>>>
After your story runs, a thank-you note will go a long way. It will make a good impression and improve your chances for future coverage.
Boo North Carolina.
dats a good dude but anyway happy bday foolie.
Thanks! I don't know what to do with myself quite yet.
Sold a 170k home today! Go
Fried Lake Michigan smelt tonight
app looks great! Nice job :)
Booze specials, patio open, good people and good music. .35 cent wings tonight. Very nice
Enzo ate my Cozy Fireside scent tester. Apparently he approves the smell.
#WhyDoIHaveTo lay in bed thinking, thinking, thinking ...
the nurse had to stay on me to get a good reading :) the girl was holding her foot and everything! How's your baby doing?
Now that I've turned my manuscript in to my editor, I'm starting on a new #WIP. Forget how fun/scary it is!
So call me, maybe...
you did good tonight babe<3
If you have Java, C, C++ as a key strength on your resume, then when asked about it, don't say "I have not used it before"
The best way to find yourself, is to lose yourself in the service of others. ~Gandhi
#Belltown, we're open till 10pm (kitchen, too!) and is open till bar closing time.
Preparing her for a big audition! Going very well! She's been at this forever, so she is ready!
If Bulls force Game 7, cn U imagine how short a leash the Bulls' fans will have Boozer on b4 the boos strt. He's gonna have 2 hit his 1st 7
It's an honor to follow you. God Bless.
Teen daughter confesses she forgot the Neosporin but DID remembr the key lime pie after late run to Harris Teeter.
Watching Hard Days Night and trying to give myself diabetes on cookies yes
Partially agree. Failure of govmt to control banks & mortgage companies caused housing collapse which sucked several $tril from econ
not near me!!!!
Ok I have mentally commited to go riding. Its on....
I want 's christmas album really bad. like right now. haha (:
did you set it right??
Be on the lookout for the #BlacklightPartyOct22 posters at YOUR school!!!!!
Today im gonna use this Mac makeup I bought. Hopefully it comes out correctly.
Lovely brunch with the ladies this morning. Coca Cafe is so yummy! Especially that almond coca mocha...
I'm a little confused by this. RT ABC is showing footage of the bin laden compound. Appears to be on fire
"All that she wants" by #AceofBase is a great jam to keep you going on a
you guys rock
I can't wait for the Giants to ram it down the Jets throats this weekend. Don't talk unless you can back it up.
i did. i appreciate when you take the time to write these kinds of pieces. I enjoy hearing about things in a historical context.
That flashlight dance has been the best so far! Whoever made it is amazing.
I want me an Asian bitch or a latina bitch FUCK everything else
What's goodie
hey sweet background on your
Still have your "A" game in hour 15?
give me one!
What's Postagram? Curious.
yes sir email me look forward to hearing from you :-)
dude be careful!
As sure as the sun will shine, I'm gonna get my share of what's mine.
- The Lil Black Boy On Little Rascals So Cute .
There is a HUGE demand for fanny packs , and no retailer seems to be up to supplying them!
wasted! Uh imma tell!
Do u people relize when they look orange?
Thanks Jason, sorry. Thanks for the support. you are awesome!!
good luck with everything that your doin(:
Less of a question mark and more of a period! “: You're a Caps fan now?”
I wonder what it's like to be one of those pretty girls all the guys want.
Really dig that man.
Haha! The curse of 140 characters. :-)
I'm watching Chelsea - Barca, I'm so ready for the podcast!!!
Perfect bunt!
Being appreciated for being fun and crazy and unpredictable yet respected when you are still shy and cute.
why do these girls always shop at expensive boutiques for baby stuff? Why not bargain shop or Wal-Mart??
James always gotta do somthing -_-
sounds like plan! Different seats this year tho I believe
Chantha and I have been together 4 months this week. I love this guy... but he is testing that ...grrr
If you have never eaten at The Hotcake Emporium you are losing in life. Best breakfast EVER!
"Anyone who thinks sitting in church can make you a Christian must also think that sitting in a garage can make you a car."
Follow me for my bday-today please!
I can't connect, but it might be our firewall
A lot of ppl reference themselves as a #ASSHOLE, the Webster's definition of a #ASSHOLE is stupid, mean, or a contemptible person.
good luck-er, downton sucker
And it's on - a weekend of learning and creating at
Illinois representing, what what. Low club pro plus Stricker and D.A. Points performing well
Lets go #Packers send the #Giants back to Jersey
You were amazing tonight! I have my fingers crossed and am hoping you win!!! Good luck tomorrow on the results show!! :):)
Make that money, don't let it make you
Off to school with Katie Battershell. Well Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry that is;D HMU (:
Main bands people listen to 1. Asking Alexandria 2. Bring Me The Horizon 3. Black Veil Brides 4. Blood On The Dance Floor (gay)
C-A-P-S CAPS CAPS CAPS! House money, baby! And the Nats are on top too...great time for DC sports.
Headed to Read Through for the film "Going Home" by Neon Iron Productions Beaumont, Texas Here I Come!!
scored the first goal in Icehogs history
I felt bad...
Agreed #mlearning can take advantage of device availability, device characteristics (camera, GPS, social connection)
#goodmorning New day, new attitude, new focus, new opportunities...don't miss yours!!
Good morning DALLAS PLANO ALLEN #BlacklightPartyOct22 GET YOUR TICKETS WHILE THEY LAST! CONCERT IS THIS WEEKEND
Really hope that print version of Trivium Proportion will be a hit. I think it is a great #story and one of my best achievements
lol nice(: what all has she retweeted?
Great show last night, thanx to everyone who came out to support the music!! XO
Thank you for putting a donation box for the Indiana AIDS Walk & Ride in your office. We appreciate you!
what can govt do if they all said screw you, we are going back to work. Arrest millions of roughnecks? I think not!!!
"Life begins when the dog dies & the kids leave home." Empty-nesters increase spending by 50% after the kids move out. Source:Boston College
World Book Night was so much fun! Can't wait to hear more stories
Your fitness is 100% mental. Your body won't go where your mind doesn't push it
Chris Paul may do a bit of flopping, but he backs down from no one
Great! Glad summer finally decided to show up - trying to take advantage of it.
: not usually. Mostly PI work.
when are u there?
": God is amazing...I need more than 140 characters to explain." Tell me about it!
So Jehovistic theology stated: behold, the man has become as a deity believing in the doctrine of the reality of evil;
sorry I'm not Austin xx
My hope would be to find a stem cell study ... #Artist ": All of us will very soon be able to grow back every part of our body.”
He starts to play with his balls while you giving him a blowjob
Heading to work with USA Archers this week! We are proud to be able to serve as the Mental Coaches for USA Archery. "With Winning in Mind"
Trick play for the touchdown!!
Oh, good! So many interesting tid-bits in NATURAL WOMAN
Thanks so much Shivani!
If you had to explain to your "Black" child…where the holiday "thanksgiving" came from…what would you say?.…….
I. Very tired <U+2639>
26 miners rescued! Only 7 more to go!
Catch tonight @ Hotel Café in Hollywood, 8pm. He performed 's Tour da Arts bike event in 2010. Cello like you want it.
can i have a shoutout please? :*
I would love that!
Another sunny day cycling the streets of Atlanta...everything is definitely blooming! :)
You havent been on twitter!!
kids say the darnest things lol
Help us find a drummer! Free studio time for any solid leads!!
Everybody thought it was summer time for a minute ...lol Milwaukee fooled yall ass! Aight aight me too
(delayed response) That's been my motto for years.
are you going to sleep yet? XD
Share how you actively seek to understand the competition & how they differentiate themselves.
O_o RT How can someone else tell you how you should feel ??? Is that even fucking possible ?
I can't wait to visit your restaurant Emmett. Congratulations on your new business!!!
Obama is now asking just $2 contribs down from $3. He's also started putting his hand on his heart during the national anthem. All change.
needs to get out of Ghettocity and visit me once in a while.
The Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) is the nation's main wage law
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all the moms in tweet land. Have a BLESSED DAY!!!!!!!!
I'm researching the sunniest place in the world now. :)
I'm sorry.
What's everyone up to today? -zach.
are you gonna go on tour anytime soon? I wanna meet you.
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful women out there who has to put up with children! :) Make them feel like queens!
Four Minutes.
You guys have been dating for 2 days & you're already saying I love you to each other? WTF
every dog has its day
have just realized that I am conforming with my first through third grade school uniform today - white button down shirt, blue pants
“Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.”
Good answer for you too lol ": original all the way!"
didn't mean to retweet you...meant to reply!
Mr. Hammond, after careful consideration, I have decided not to endorse your park.
#NiallHoranFollowvickkkkkkkkky1D Make her dreams come true
Not the individual. Zuckerburg, Gates, Buffet, Bloomburg; theyll always be rich. They created product/service. But OPAC?
The lake is not organic.
We have a changing of the guard in our club today! Saying goodbye to President Phil and welcoming new president for 2011-2012 Lou Radja!
All my heart, it breaks every step that I take.
I think it's my body telling me "you're 50, you idiot, slow down. "
umm, busy!! But enjoying every minute! lol...when will you be at a Dodger game again?
hell yeah had to in the projects lol": Like , If you ever dropped food on the ground and then kissed it up to God, then ate it!!
Promo tonight at #BillysonGrand in St Paul. Sampling 6 different #Schellsbeer craft beers. Cassandra and Reba hosting. Come watch #NFL draft
I hope you'll stop by and check us out as well as check out our website.
GUYS PLEASE FOLLOW THEM THEY ARE AMAZING- band and gogogo please and on fb c:
y u actin funny
We are all Keith Judd now.
We were so happy to have you as part of the event! I enjoyed Amy Lou's witty and insightful comments.
Come back in August for our Festival in Austin.
...TONIGHT television premiere of my new video "Feast Or Famine" on "Its All Good TV" @ 10pm ch. cablevision 67, Time warner 34 and FIOS 42
They don't feel Grand Slam down here at school. I can't get any until I go home. Cruel.
me too bro. I wanna work on my shooting before then tho.
Trying paying attention, dick.
Lol Tryin To Use My Words Against Me...Please Stop..
lol you would.
seriously so pissed right now. im so tired of doctors!
i understand, i wanna try for today maybe
ok how's work
I hate the fact that chicks think they can wink at me just because you got an Afro .. Lol no #GoPickThat lol
princess is stretching it..
What'd I miss?
Beyonce Takes Baby Blue Ivy to the Park in Brooklyn, New York [PHOTOS]
Avengers was amazing
i'm not sure what i should be for Halloween .. and ideas..
failed attempt to pour the boiling water in the sink. Poured down my leg instead. Seriously lame. :)
That dunk just hurt my soul
Prison population at cell block C exceeded capacity today! A near riot broke out in our west wing. Skivy's shank was confiscated,again.
no. Something you would say.
Did you know that Jen prefers apple juice over orange juice?
google set the stage for a silly-sounding invented word to become a verb; duckduckgo could take this to a whole new level
One Direction saved me(: xx
says the guy with a self portrait for an avatar.
": sure is fun to be friendly" yes it is!! Get to Chicago!! ! You have MANY fans here!!
Hi Nicole, Does this include advice for kids' sports team coaches on when to call practice or games off? This is always an issue
Andina's in the Pearl District, Salvador Molly's on SW Sunset, Portland Prime on SW Third downtown.
Rick u so stupid! Why BET bleeped out you saying Bull Dagger! Still funny tho. These youngstas don't know what that means.
why do people hate on Lebron, he deserves a ring you fucks
I really need to stop eating so much..
A taste of home. I love voicemails.
I wish people weren't sleeping..... keeping me from singing my heart out -__-
best day ive had in a while .
Looking forward to Sonoma County lunch with and ! Running late, but we'll be there!
RD quite watching whack ass shit........be like me...... I just watched The Fighter.......
Of course, totally justifiable AND write-off-able
fuck slime ass nigga stay doing this shit to us fans !!!!!!!
hey thanks man! I just added you to my blogroll!
Sweet pad with and
I was sleepy just driving IN to work, smh. I can already tell today is going to be a mess =( cc: my work twin,
Who ever invented trig was a bitch cuz your making my life a living hell
we were to busy taken the other half of ben davis' hear
When I do gain political office (senate, house, local and/or executive), I'll most likely be a paranoid leader. Hopefully not like Nixon.
I cannot heart this hard enough. "Kill the thing that's holding you back" -
Someone please tell me to get off Etsy so that I can go back to working on my paper!
Quote from customer today: "Thanks to you both! This is an amazing response from a company, pretty rare these days."
": every night is pizza night “: monday night is pizza night”" actually guys, Friday is
sounds fun! what for?
It Feel Likee Forever ,,, I Dont Know How Ima Last In Tha
I have installed Skyrim. To showcase my incredible restraint, I shall not start it, but rather go to work for the last half of the day.
haha your welcome :) we should talk more!
Thanks for the RT today Mark! have a wonderful evening!
The human mind treats a new idea the same way the body treats a strange protein, it rejects it. ~ PB Medawar
Have a great holiday weekend!
RT : it's okay to be at a loss for words. Never be at a loss of ideas or vision for ourselves. We need a vision for our lives!
8 more weeks of our winter? Yipes, that's a lot of discontent. (The groundhog only claims 6... )
Thank god I went to Tufts and not NYU. I love this place.
hell yea...How far is it away
hey harry!!!
roll a joint, roll another one.
That must have sounded AMAZING! I love that song.Please make it as a single 4 us &give some the proceeds to #RainForestFund Yes?
Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year
Travis Walton~ The truth of course is that a billion falsehoods told a billion times by a billion people are still false.
yes! I think my whole first day is pretty scheduled, but maybe tomorrow :)
Hey guys go follow my sissy xD
"Take goats to grocery store to do your shopping. Now you know what it is like to take a toddler." Haha..so true, that's what it feels like
how long? like 5:00a.m.
Would afterschool programing help get kids more exposure to #STEM?
seems not but I know where and when and I shall be there. I promise.
change your name fruit ball
The theme song for #BBC excites me. I just dance in my seat while driving. Too bad the #news is really sad.
Agree that works for Tweetdeck folks like us, but for those still doing it otherwise it's a chore. Maybe an excuse to switch!
don't wait too long! C u soon..
these types of works are so amazing.
i don't even use half the apps on my phone yet i still have them.
Identify best customers; get external help for insight; ask yourself what you dread each day & rid them; have you repeated your best success
Everyone wants free gear. I wish I could hook everyone up but I can't. Prove your about it by actually buying something rather than talking.
Forever fucking up :(
FINNA GET MY DAY STARTED BY SMOKIN A BLUNT OF.....STUPID
hey baby <3
Wet hair and its windy ,
I would cut off all my filangies to interview with real fan ?s and to perform wakas part in wildboy june3rd
Just watched The Lincoln Lawyer..very underrated and very good movie..I was wondering whatever happened to Ryan Phillippe.
OKC's new bike share program launches tomorrow! They will be at #BBOKC at 7pm tonight and 10am Saturday!
Dear : Addicted to Kings on NBC. #kings (via ) (via )
Can't get enough ;)
preparing the bride... pre-marriage counseling is so much fun.
The Pride of The Yankees!
SAME why isnt austin going omg
You might be able to be involved...stay tuned...
If not for Mumford & Sons Pandora, well I don't know what. But not good.
yep. That's exactly it. They gave me a shot in my ass as prescribed some cough syrup. And apparently I have allergies so I get Zyrtec
#Mizzou basketball makes me happy
Can you imagine what that would taste like if they did? Probably like a shoe. Could not imagine.
There is a pixel-sized bug crawling on my screen. It's fun to imagine that it's just a rogue pixel.
jus watched a dove icecream commercial n realized that dove is also a soap co. now all i can think of is soaps on ice cream sticks GREAT! XP
We're good with neither rain nor shine, a moody fall sky is fine! (But we're still doing a sun dance at the farm!)
With my favorite girl in the whole wide world ! Breeeah (:,
QT : I can't control how I feel
You're a star in my book! Keep shining, kicking butt and doing what you do. We're proud of you and our Pack!
In honor of #TrayvonMartin, will premiere her new song #FearKillsLoveHeals on 9pm
you're just #allin. Hope Ellington heals quickly!
Yeah...Pacers have no chance
Excellent video!
3 hours until we leave #Storybrooke and our #Firefly shirt, Wanted Man by goes up! Get your #OUAT tee for $10 at TeeRaiders.com
I think "future ex-wife" goes from shot across the bow to shot into the bow.
It's going to be summer today in Boston. Good luck to the marathon runners.
well done calling the show. Impressive!
I don't want to walk away from this place.
2/4 much that I have followed through with all of my dreams I have ever had like I am going through with my dream of becoming
going to go watch a movie with (: tweet me for some #imagines<U+2665>. -erica<U+2665>.
#i312m5 Given that Sarkozy himself appears to have violated copyright law on numerous occasions, what does that say about the new law?
Jerk chicken tasty!
4-3, this game is close.
Who is the" Lily" you speak of? 0.o
Goodnight Mahomies and goodnight <U+2665>
I fucking hate today already. Today is gonna fucking suck. And you know what, I don't care if you don't like me using fuck a lot.
as soon as scraps destroys the cone, everything will b fine.
One who knows & understands history will never be confused by the purposeful misrepresentation of facts that distort the realistic picture!
Swallowed into earth's dark womb - death has triumphed, that's what they say.
Chasing dragon flies / Today what place is it / he has strayed off to? ~Chiyo-ni, for her small son who died
Get a free Credit Card Machine!!! #businesshelp - private message me for more information!
Bom Dia :D Tryna teach some Spanish :-! Hard job ha
Happy St Pattys Day! Party with Dj Ivan tonight
RT : The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes. ~ Marcel Proust
Bring it Matas!!!
thank you
This breath<<<<<
why can't i ever sleep...-.-even tho i feel tired._.
FELLAS: Theres really NO NEED to refer to ALL women as bitches and hoes... cant take the actions of a few and apply it to all...ijs
Thanks for a great season Wildcats, I am proud to be a grad.
Stop paying full price for hair products - shampoo and conditioners are always cheaper through WigBuster!
I want piercings
Voices in my head telling me to go the WONDERLAND.
Build a better blog/Facebook Page w/editorial calendar - hosts #awcchat tomorrow (3/15) 1130am-1230pm CST. Anyone can participate!
I have some serious decisions to make! Ugh!!
I FOLLOWED
Good afternoon sweetie:)
u liked me walrus sniffing you
Liking Netflix's new format. Easy to find all the seasons of a show! Easy to find new episodes!
I miss I baby
RT certainly not only But a higher % <-Sure. I've seen the stats. But do we disregard good products bc of bad?
I've spent so much money these last couple of days, gotta stop with the online shopping.
has hairy legs
Can't wait to see play tonight. He's one of my favorites!
Haha. I figured ya'll would get a chuckle out of that.
Except, strangely enough, during the night of the supermoon. Expected 15,000 butt pix, got 15,000 moon pix instead.
My revelation on creativity: What kind of imagination must God have to come up with the fine tuned instrument that is the human body?
like yo man ;)
chilling at 's crib
I want to like #scalaz, but every time I try to use it to do some clever #haskell-y trick it stack overflows & I can't be bothered to debug.
I have to raincheck :(. Have to head to a shop open tonight.
My TL not refreshing so I guess that's my que to go to bed...
If they say why, why, tell 'em that it's human nature. . .
Did y'all know Diversity takes shopping bags? If you have a ton sitting at home, bring them in! Our cashiers would appreciate it! Thanks!
Lol kool we have to do something soon we always say we will but never do
I can't think of a wrong time for multiball.
Thank u very much!
Is it bad that I use twitter to read 's posts more then anything? Lmao
Bugs me when people say "people are so fake!" Why can't dramatic women just accept somebody as a REAL asshole instead of calling them fake?
Crazy! RT Flooding across S. Thailand has killed at least 11 people, stranded thousands (incl. !) bit.ly/hIA2DT
The awkward moment when its raining and you're wearing a white shirt.
Just watched a fantastic cut of our film Junction. It rocks
Unbelievable set in New Orleans!!!
nah it's a lifeguarding classes
Listening to at 3 in the morning . <3
Drinking mai tais and dancing with Aaron.... lol i wish... really working on projects in the library!
Am I an old lady shaking her fist at young people when I say that Nicky Minaj's music/voice makes me want to kill something?
Anyone sporting something from #QBM11 today? What'd ya get?
"Curtis is scarier than Butkas." Bart Starr, QB Green Bay, Coach & NFL Hall Of Famer
it sure is, what's Saturday? Lol
I Dreamed somebody missed me Wake up shake it off
Rockies outfielder Carlos Gonzalez joins the Score next at 8:25. Check it out on AM1510! Give us a call at 303-297-1510...
even a bowling ball can where a hat if you use your imagination
If you need a place to crash in Toledo on 12/18 & don't mind cats/dogs let us know. We're 10 mins from the venue.
If im tired when i wake up then in definitely not goun to school
Another piece of free art found! RT : Just found some free art in hart plaza while urban disc golfing Thanks #fafdet !
Anybody know what age is best for having a cat's vocal chords removed?
STAR SHIPS WERE ,MENT TO FLY(DEEP VOICE) HANDS UP AND TOUCH THE SKY
I am so blessed because I just got to watch my dad fall off the couch, it was absolutely hilarious. HAHAHAHAHAHA
Haters gonna hate, Potatoes gonna potate. LOL
Tune in on your mobile device,Pc,Tablet or any internet device check out news,events ,station Dj Bios,Around the way models
Hey Smiley w/some pretty wild english on teh long game today.We're all starting to suspect it's really danish :)
"There have been no recent accounts about bullying behavior by Mr. Romney," points out.
Recent Case Result: $2.4 M - Wrongful Death - A woman fell due to defective stairs at a commercial facility. Her injuries resulted in death.
card stuff its been to long
Hi babe (:
QF pleased to be in such distinguished company ": New suggestions for you: , and "
There is plenty of living proof that ugly girls exist, they are all over Clark
I know I'm late but Ron Artest name is now World Peace I'm Ctfu right now
Needless to say. I accepted the challenged
haha duh! What are you doing this weekend?
im never on twitter :(
Soft shell crab with avocado, cucumber and heirloom tomato salad at
Yea and so is Jamie Moyer...
it's a louisville slugger
Hearing old woman groan happy mother's day on phone and realizing the magic is once again gone.
I just added my favorite places to eat to my blog including:
Last day at #pla12. This has been a wonderful conference & Philadelphia is a lovely city. Monitoring 2 programs, then seeing Betty White! :)
No problem!!!
hey brothers God has called Pastor Jason Queen to open a Church at SDSU San Diego! Please check us out at
maybe a party
Pls Join us today at 2pm in the University Playhouse for MNL Learning Center Groundbreaking Ceremony. Come celebrate MNL's transformation!
U SLEEP LOL ?
About to hop on some codmwf3 and try to play with my dude
“: New year, new resolutions. Become a mentor for an at risk kid today. 1 hr a day b/t 5-6pm” woo I start next week!
: Big 6 won't drop DRM. We little guys are thinking about it. Worth the risk of piracy?
Come to the pop-up today from 3:30-4PM at the tables near the AAM bookstore. Theme is Creative Community. What's it mean to you?
I don't care what cha say, sponge bob square pants can't teach me siht!!!
I see you also have reading comprehension issues. I respond to your question with a reasonable answer, you send me bullshit.
<U+2665> Let's trend #19MillionMonsters (RT Please)
Nice new profile pic Buddy!
Its Wednesday! That means tomorrow is Thursday! :)
What #paparazzi not for you! WTF.
Happy belated birthday, gorgeous! *kisses*
It's cold out today !
yes i agree harry it does thats why i dont eat them!! HAHAHA love your tweets harry<3
Ankles pretty sore 24 hours after the race. Medicine is bottle of wine and a #Celtic win!
We hope you enjoyed your stay at Hotel Carlton. Come back and visit us again soon!
465 is one hot mess today
Usually that chunk::new OOSS error occurred while JVM was not at max heap usage, and OS still had plenty of room too
spot on, Tim. Boring hockey. Touch to watch for even the most die hard of fans
1/3rd through 'The Art of Fielding.' Really loving the college president and his daughter.
The Flaming Dames in The 7 Sexy Sins tonite , 15 W. Division @ 9:30pm. Upstairs in the loft. Drink specials & full menu!!
You’ve got to stand for something, or you’ll fall for anything.
Watching Bethenny Ever After. Why doesn't DC have a drybar? A place for only blowouts AND they serve fun cocktails? Yes, please! Heaven.
then some time this week ill have to be creative lol. i bought orange and silver yesterday. im starting to collect haha
Beautiful day! And what better way to spend it than sitting for HOURS at LAX waiting for our flight. WTF vacation...
is on and im thinking about
Norman Mailer's Maidstone is finally coming out on DVD and I am going to watch it, god help me....
Will do...it is a matter of who gets to eastern Connecticut first!
Well, you can be sure that no rain is going to come along and wash that start of a tan away!
Cause.it is an app that rewards volunteers with discounts to local businesses: galvanizing both nonprofits and businesses...
I < google > myself(:
Comprised of. Like a dagger through the heart every single time. , please help.
If it cost Jesus His life did you think you would get it for free??
<insert money-shot here>
"If you have a problem, don't say, 'God, I have a problem' but instead; 'Hey Problem, I have a God and everything will be okay!"
Your welcome (: #muchlove & arent you the girl that Austin follows on Instagram?? hahaha. <U+2665>
we goin to the big SB this to
Time for sleep! Lol
My name must taste so good. Nobody can keep it out of their mouth! <3
It's going to be a really busy April! Let the busy season begin!
aww I love it!! Good job ;)
But seriously... I think we may need to have an intervention. Norah Jones bro? Someone get me Diplomatic Immunity 2 STAT.
Reuniting families is once again at the forefront of immigration legislation
How many of you have an important date tattooed on your body?
I just think what if all the wind stoped in that area and moved to an other area
TONIGHT - PRINT TICKET OUT ( BELOW) SAVE $5 and SEE BRENDON WILLING JAMES and SAINT JOHN!!
Getting The iPhone 4s In Two Weeks With #BestFriendSWAG xD
At Dallas Love Airport - I'll miss Tejas.
You would get Human Resource/ Performance Development! RT : Q1) What if HR was all focused on human resources?
If we measured wealth in high-fives, i would be an extremely wealthy woman.
Students are back in town. Which means there are a lot of whores on the loose, hide your boyfriends!
im pretty sure you always add some sort of emoticon to the end of your tweets but they always turn out like rectangles on my end
No problem let's talk Teamwork make the dreamwork :)
the office closes at 4
Was that Puffy or Diddy?
Looking forward to a sekrit flash mob in Scottsdale this afternoon. Really no idea how it's going to go... wish us luck!
whats good c-god?
from what i gather a k is -2, hit +2 a homer is like 15 solo. RBI change the it
Its my friend birthday today!!!!! please tweet her!! <3
Happy Mothers Day to all of the Moms out there!! You're loved and appreciated
Stubbed my toe on my suitcase a few minutes ago :( still hurts like krazy
you gotta sip and savor, not shoot!
Should be doing homework :-/
Slowly improving.Lungs r biggest issue & muscle weakness. Now we r watching & waiting. Thx 4 all ur prayers-we need them.
My feet hurt so bad because SOMEONE didn't give me a foot massage today!
I would do completely the wrong graph on my math test
I ALREADY BOUGHT THE TICKETS , ROW 2 :D
#mindless RT if ur mindless and u love mindless behavior
Another FIRE joint with
I've been everywhere LMFAO jk I moved to ny... Text me.. What are you up to for MDW??
dang it! I wish I was there so we could hang out & write & stuff!!! I hope you have a great trip & an amazing show though ((:
Gogogogogogogo !!! Now I'm wishing we came to Biloxi again! Gl tomorrow!
MAKE IT SO!
Rookie Mistake....
jus did i fuks wit it
Hello, I'm launching a new pageant blog and would like to give Forplai away as a gift. Where can I purchase Forplai?
Wish will reply to me!!! I really need advice for snowboarding to calm my nerves!!! PLEASE KENDALL!!!!
I wish he would follow me!
Is Johnson done for the day ?
There could never be a Narcissists Annonymous.
Hello Mz E. check it out...ain't no change in the weather..ain't no changes in me....too many people wit us never stop this team
“: best. Snl. Character. Ever.” link?
"This is my house, So im player.1" -DyrdekNikki
Check out my website at - www.sandovalnation.webs.com for zombie survival tips
is that a fart joke?
Well, there's no accounting for taste but I am much obliged.
Sometimes I wonder how many girlfriends has ? (;
Indoor painting. Another rainy day!!.
“: Class grind hard in may...” Yay I miss u :(
bring it on, bro.
DO IT.
Welcome to May!! May you have a great day!! May you have a great month!! Cheers!! :)
Same time tomorrow night, but it's for real. What do they say about rehearsal the night before? I'm certain tomorrow will be phenomenal!
Got the $1 medium drink and refilled it instead of the $1 large at #McDonalds because I conserve.
I love this commercial
kinda wanted runner up 2win but happy with thewinner.Everyone looked amazing!
searching for an HR Manager and HR Director for #Indianapolis #SHRM #HumanResources #Hiring #Manufacturing #Resume to
Minds are like parachutes, they function only when open. ~Anonymous
#Texans start the game off right with a 60-yard kickoff return, soon followed by a 40-yard field goal.
Some guy tried to sell me an 18k gold necklace for $20... He eventually confessed that he stole it, lol.
no!! I NEVER got em! I'm sorry <3
If the Chicago region were a country, it would be the world’s 20th largest economy. (excerpt from: A Plan for Economic Growth and Jobs)
er can't wait over 7mos for BD part 2
I need to learn to take care of my phones or pay for an ext warranty I go through about 4-6 phones a year.
...isn't measured by...
Now off to NYC to burn up the Garden. Let's go Heat.
Teresa West set the record for changing of TP rolls at 2.5 seconds - unbelievable! That is what good leadership is all about!
Working on string arrangements for World Outreach in Murfreesboro for Easter. Michael W. Smith is their guest. Hence my delay on H&R edits.
if Twitter supports the #olympics regulations, only a matter of time til all team/leagues will want this
you anti never hear no freak shxt like this llsss
Hanging with the hubs and getting ready to go get some food from ! So looking forward to a Doner!
Dude sucha bitch
Found the lacquer man! Also, what's a lacquer?
It is a happy chance if we, changing, continue to love a changed person
How soon any other wishesintroduced themselves I can hardly tell, but I believe in about half anhour after I had seen you
you a nasty freak
Oh my god. Let's hope haha
I'm honored
Dear, Jerry, can you say, "Unhealthy obsession?" :P LOL!
Sittin' at work listening to Miles Davis' Bitches Brew. I never knew this office could feel so damn creepy..
watching #Pens #Flyers two teams who didn't use the old injury card and somehow managed to play good hockey without key players.
Sorry for over tweeting. I hope you like the pictures :-)
He obviously creeps on our convos all the time XD
this movie is truly a gem....
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. ~ Jim Rohn
I agree that it was a great way to finish the show!!
My pleasure. The guide is pretty neato. See you Thursday!
** HAPPY MOTHERS DAY ** to the key #QUEEN!!
I'm so glad you enjoyed your rainbow unicorn! <3
Insanity day 18 !! Plus yoga meltdown !!!! And just for fun a lil gym time tonite.
I know it is Saturday but we should not give up on out fitness goals. I am fitting in my slim in 6 workout before I go hangout at with...
Al Michaels would definitely make a Williams 4/20 joke though.
LOL! I know, I know. RT “: why are you still up...better yet why are you still up AND #tweeting #imjustsaying”
You're welcome! Thank YOU, Marilyn. Please send questions or comments as you continue watching. We're here and we listen.
“: See you there! RT : #tompetty concert tonight!!!!!!! So excited!!!!” how long did he play?
I really dont get twitter at all
Coming up next: Prof. Brenberg's 80s Thursday song request! Come by Student Services to find out what it is!
My stomach hurts, Im hungry.
11am show this morning for school groups at Times Square Arts Center
#justus preview online this weekend!
the Pens never challenged the goalie, where as Philly took the puck to the net as well as shoot it from the perimeter. JOKE
Funny thing, Jennifer goes there a lot too, and I'm waiting for my parents house to be rebuilt in September to visit.
Faster PussyBoner! Kill! Kill!
That's okay, it happens. And yeah, I was there too from 11:30 to around 3. Didn't see you. It was a very enjoyable experience!
Become an Affiliate. 100% Pure, All Natural, Vegan Skin & Hair Care Products. No Hidden/Questionable Ingredients. beautysnatural.com
sometimes I wish I was strong enough to let go.
Good review, I think Dry Fly misses the mark because it's bottled at 40% Bernheim is 45%.
Long day of shit
just released yesterday. Check it out on itunes
Thank you. It was such fun.
ME TOO we can all be equally BROKE!!
I dropped it on the stairs.
Today's cardio: running with Darla (woof!), jump roping (cinderella kissed a fella), and just dance (wii)
ah, true...i am all confused still...i was at costco earlier and saw all the summer stuff, but my mind is still thinking rain LOL
Number game is on Twitter too?? If u want, message me numbers :)
My kids and their friends are out in left field so my daughter can drool over Brauny :-)
Long day ahead of me.
We were able to raise what we need to help with the cremation/block memorial for Norman. Thank you all for having such amazing hearts
Thx for the luv! RT Celebratory last class chocolate milkshakes with at -- So good every time.
Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window. - Steve Wozniak
Hang in there. All my best.
Developers walking us thru the first rev of the BIG IDEA at 10 PM tonight! Such is the schedule when working with offshore talent.
I'm still a democrat but I like his views!
Hahaha! How do you spell that? Jillip?? and so have a bromance. It's too obvious. ;)
Been at Mandalay Bay since 1 & it's 4:00 pm(: this is hella bomb! ILOVE this weekend so far, we're going to go eat later……Bye(:
i hate the fact now a days you cant trust no one.
Several of us tweet & the one who tweeted that wasn't around for that drama & obviously typoed. But the answer is "Both." :p
Dude, Diablo 3 comes out in four days.....I AM THIS EXCITED.
**hugs** better? good. **slap** now stop acting like a pussy... ; )
RT : WB Whitehurst Frwy/Disable auto blocking 1 lane/MPD on scene w/flares/brief delays/take M St as alt route/7066
You are very welcome!
I changed, I went under this totally diff Lydia. When the dust settle I didnt know me and I couldnt recognize the me I became
2 babies and the dog are napping, and I'm drooling over the rainbow that is the NOV issue of Can you say heaven? I can!
ENGLISH AP EXAM 2RW! AH!!!!!! MY BRAIN IT HURTS! LOL Wish My Ass Luck, Imma Need IT!
Heslip 1 on 1 w Wiltjer. The non athletic segment of the broadcast
my third fave song from him ^.^ <3
Author Explores a New Scientific Theory and Evidence
There are so many new music genres out there, compared to the 70s!
fine goodnight everybodeh.
Wait, the purpose in life isn't to please everybody else? Oh!! I get it. Guess I didn't get that memo
oh nevermind sorry for my
Thanks for the RT!
Oh yes!! Thanks.
Surrender this whole weekend were open sat &sun so get ready! Only place to be
Professional massage by ME urs truely ^^ for only $35hr.
We are open tomorrow at www.hairinthecity.me check us out if you need a new style.
People are Lovin the new Gemeinhardt saxes!
You're up now, too? I'm doing work while is visiting & fast asleep. What's wrong with us?
Watching Empire Strikes Back tonight.
welp i found my car,now just need to figure out why i smell like camp fire
It's often a military and law enforcement thing... just speaking from personal experience and observation. :)
"Haunt" should read "home."
Hey there!! I really appreciate the follow!! =) Have a great night
SHOT OUT!
Flatstock 29 is in full effect FREE & open to the public!! Austin Convention Center Ballroom A 11-6pm
Thought #Browns should have taken a WR with this pick; although an Olineman will help Trent Richardson's value moving forward.
“: Sweet! the Tie goes home and we get ! Let the second wave of Armageddon happen! #okweather” Wife & I said the same!
is really pretty. you should marry her
Huntsman: 30% of Americans are now college graduates
This cute little baby next to us keep waving at me and playin peekaboo lol
-Insomnia is a Bitch-
Sorry, I knew I should have stopped at 37...
lmao. We're small but vocal!
how does one watch #BBCSixNations on the BBC Sports website or other online services???
6 more days till i retire
Catalina McLoughlin Monday May 24th ShopBest Business Presentation and Training Featuring Special Guest, Founder Tim Taylor Location: Crown…
yep, it's still up
Dat boy noah from da bulls look like he been chewing on TNT sticks
Thank you!
Stacy Francis just won the X Factor competiton with that audition. There is no need to do not one other audition!
Hey send the boys to after they leave tomorrow night! I'm spinning on the main floor.
happy mothers day!
42 straight ratatat songs later and this essay is
The new mix on Hype machine is killing !
Spring 2012 Commencement: ... Integrated Studies, and Natural Resources Management. The 10 am Saturday ceremony was for the schools o...
Having dinner @ sensu! Can't wait for taste of fashion @ sensu during Midwest fashion week, October 21st! Designers are ready!
Life is much easier if you also give things up to your higher power
Still weirded out someone's gotta inspect my apt tho
that's good to hear! I'm doing good.
Troy often reminds me of someone great, but since he's a sworn enemy, I won't say who.
We definitely need that news today! Brrr! Shivering in North Texas - but it's great Sup Bowl weather!
What are the ties between magnetism, gravity, and electricity? What is gravitational lenseing?
It's national bike to work day and I can say I won't be participating
Watched Midnight in Paris last night. Not a winner. I was disappointed.
Day Planners? Leave them behind.
I just looked at my ass to make sure I didn't laugh it off because I'm laughing so hard right now
3 words, 2 seconds, 1 moment: "Thank You Lord"
Everyone do me a favor n go follow give em a S/O. People trying to make a change.
Hi Luke. *Smiles*
you got your first pair?
Wow you got this stream up just in time. Two adiPure goals back to back.
I cannot stop until I get my fairytale ending <3
Scariest dream of my life, holy fuck.
53 more likes and we will put up another song! Come on you Can do it!!!! :D
i'll take that waffle recipe, please!
It should be, but there's a ton of good chatter on #ASTD12 also
mm thank so
If you think getting up on Sunday morning is hard, try rising from the dead!
Spelling error I meant "cartilage" bones contain it, makes sense eating the broth from beef bones builds your joints
- our understanding is departments have built their schedules. It would be best to follow up with English dept.
MFS acting phoney as hell though its all good.
"barbarians" vrs. librarians is still my personal favorite for the day
There's something so refreshing & exciting about working for a start up. should agree. ;)
Hey, thanks for the memoir love! You nailed it--I wanted DKTBG to interest those without allergies as much as those with 'em.
Am watching all these movies episodically…have an hour left from TRANSFORMERS 3…don't kill me people when I say I LOVE them. SO fun...
You've got my heart
Texas sucks!
Looking forward to US #Ag Info Network conference in 2 days! .
Class today from 12pm-3pm w/Science Adventure Kids! NY1 video practice. Meet West 59th &amp; 7th:)
Canons of page construction No longer apply, the web is different thereis no fixed canvas in web design. Enter responsive web design.
lovely to meet you as well!!! Awesome job! Look forward to collaborating one day! :)
Congratulations ! Even if you blocked me.
OMG I totally agree!! It like eating shit that's been sitting in the sun all day!
Check out the new Funk/Rock project-www.CitizenRhythm.com
I'm about to piss in my pants omfg ;-; I think someone is in my house. Omfg kms.
This homework just gave me a headache!
I'm shocked that you NFL types actually like Nessler despite the fact that he calls college games
Most of the bills congress writes have loopholes in enforcement to allow donors & cronies to profit at expense of taxpayer!
Every production of an artist should be the expression of an adventure of his soul. ~W. Somerset Maugham
hey(: im tanning! Haha
“Bring the Future to Life” Colette Vardeman,
And I am really hoping that you did not waste your time driving Sunday. We are open next two Sundays.
My night ? So far, so good
you are awesome. and when we (finally) come to your town - guest list tix!
At the Riot Room in Kansas City waiting for the wall-of-guitars psychedelic rock to begin :-)
Come see us! Wilmington isn't THAT far… :) RT : Congrats on your win! The store looks awesome.
Do you do freelance PR work? Need to generate more exposure for Unstoppable Comics.
Ain't that the truth. XD
Just added to May 5 w/ at the Raleigh Convention Center! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> NC, it's been too long!
Everyone's ballin today
Well it's that time again. Mom has 2 go 2 work, I need my beauty sleep and the dog has to poop. Have a good evening all! Goodnight! xoxoxo
It's the arrogance that the MSMers don't think WE'LL do the Google search
NO ONE WINS ROUND #5 OF GTS
Walkable mixed use
Hoping for a fast Tuesday! game tonight, and it's bobblehead giveaway! My collection needs a hockey addition.
HipHop Will Never Die Because the love she has for so many
you should sing on American Idol!!! You would be amazing :)
I wish Saturday would last more than 24 hours!
Aiight #LAkerFam... It's been nice... COD time now. Holla at me on that Black Ops. GT: Mr Holla Back
Okay, slowly getting back to "normal", and all of our $HT fits in the new pad.....score on that, time to relax
told me to follow you!
Yea for sure RT : So...Joker: Hot Seat? Yea/Nay?
Buckets and the red wings
hey Star can u please follow me and tell to follow me too please
lauren, lauren, lauren, lauren, pajuo
Congrats to da refs for giving da win to Boston but Miami gna make it farther then them so it's all good
Good afternoon everyone
Watching the Channel 7 coverage of Oakland now.
#insomnia you're such a biatch! What's a gurl gotta do to get some sleep around here?!?
thank you very much! That means a lot to me. Glad I can make a Positive impact :) thanks for your support!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Peninsula Hotel - Luxury Hotel (live updates)
What is life like now that you're engaged?
the way you picture yourself is distorted.
thinking about watching a movie on netflix and debating between Red Dawn 1984 and Walker.
Seattle chocolate lovers attend Seattle's Holiday Tweet Drive benefiting -->
We just added Road Show to Voodoo doughnuts tonight. It rumbles the whole place when the shaker motor goes off.
I don't think I've ever been so sick in my life
My little brother just hit the lady in the booth behind us with a French fry.. She yelled,"Somebody just hit me with something!!" I'm dying
blaze one for the nation
I DNT like Cooking but I do MISS Cooking for Him
Was thinking about the "Bromance Chamber" when I read that piece. Sure doesn't make Path look very sophisticated.
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
Just DL'd that.. Lemme know if its worth my time | “: Bout to watch Contraband”
walk by faith and not by sight...were all the same colour when you turn out the light...
I know <3
That sounds very cool. What industry?
Some days, and out of nowhere, you just have the Match Game theme music in your head.
What is my next big idea gonna be. Hm....
Just waking up in my last day of vacation... pink Friday is out nicki minaj is the badest
awww thanks! You gave me one! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
11:11 comes twice a day because everyone deserves a second chance. <U+2665>
Our group of friends met through our kids 12 years ago. This year 3 graduate. Next year 2 more. It has been a vapor.
Nothing like eating leftover outdoor-grilled hot dogs for lunch to feel like you're having a picnic at your desk.
So nice sleeping (or at least trying to) with the windows open! The lovely hum of the ghetto bird always puts me to sleep!
Yes, dear?
I got mad respect for my wife. That is, I'm mad, but I have to respect she makes more money than I do.
Feeling like I've been run over by a semi truck sucks. A lot.
Happy New Year everybody. I'm all over watching Anderson & Kathy tonight!
Tonight we are young!!
Direct address comma.
Good morning everyone. Time for coffee and get this day going. This shitty cold rain needs to go as well.
Heading over to whiskey bar for the #flashesofhope event!! So happy to be part of such a wonderful cause. Thank you !!
please come to ohio this summer.
Current Knicks and former Nuggets coach Mike D'Antoni coming up! AM 1510
we're not quite ready to announce location for Wed. series but stay tuned. We'll keep you updated as soon as we're all set!
RT : It is Free For All Friday. Chatty Cathy Night. We are just going to have fun.
Can you afford to be open with all these emotions...
Are the lakers in the market for anyone?
I hate when grown ppl can't handle shit like an adult.
love your hair :)))
You ladies have fun in Austin! Wish I was there. Love ya both TONS! Don't do anything I wouldn't do. ;)
I've been looking at pictures of food for 20 minutes. God, I'm hungry...
I followed you
Would love to see Ron Burgundy on this
has a new mix done, it is funky as hell, classic + new shit, like your mom, IT BANGS!!! wanna hear it? =)
you write or we can do video segments
Oh Thank you! We love meeting new thinkers on the scene in Austin.
Getting a flu shot at Disco Kroger just seems so...sketchy. And yet, here I am.
is my idol <3
Haha YES. RT At least Grace and Carl get along. ;)
Brandon Vicens clears the bases for Heritage and now the Patriots have taken the lead, 4-3 over Pompano in the fifth.
Rolling out with my ninjas ;)
#CRM can be a catalyst for firm change. People can certainly use the tool in different ways & produces new behaviors for all. cc'
So has made it to my AP Environmental Science class with "I can count to potato'
Leo Kottke channeling Gary Busey tonight. Very funny. Also plays the guitar fairly well.
thanks for the love!
withh my babe
"Forum on Use of Drones Within U.S." coming up on #CSPAN at 12:15 pm. Scary real.
crushing in San Diego. Weird? No. Awesome.
Tonight's a good night to watch The Rules of Atraction.
Wonders what this world would be like if nobody was poor or homeless!
It's 5 o'clock somewhere... Pete and David Coors talking about Coors legacy. 6:20am MT on Colorado's Morning News.
The background for today's presentation is a picture of City Hall, feels like I am looking at home.
It is 2:18AM in Malaysia. Andy is there, building al the things.
Today we remember the heroes, the victims and a nation forever changed. God bless you and God bless America.
The Beatles - Something
Haha! I shall look forward to reading them!!
Busy day today! Almost done with the new issue and can't wait to push it out to you all.
63degrees here in Mesa AZ not cold
you need to catch up :p
training session with jamie tonight. i will be tweeting my last will and testament all day.
Anyone else disturbed by the fact that American Apparel mannequins have such prominent nipples?
“: Will Lauren be able to save Kaylie? What do you guys think? #MIOBI”<----YES! GO LAUREN!!!
Heading to Ohio tomorrow for commercial shoot.
"You cannot find peace by avoiding life." -Virginia Woolf
Raining elephants out here!
My producer thinks my hair looked good today even though I didn't do anything to it & I was standing in the rain ;)
And I'm going to the game tomorrow. Greaatt
#3WordsForYou I rock Jesus!
Pssh. You were preoccupied. And I'm an ARTIFICIAL ginger. :P
welcome back la la la la!
they are both figure, awesome! I'm competing in bikini for my first show, very sassy & that's where I struggle!
I miss my hunny when he goes to work :(
Idk WHY most guyz don't get it. I'm not submissive to ANYONE. I speak my mind. If u don't like it, don't waste my time.
I was wondering who would call me out on that as I hit the Tweet button. You're correct, of course.
My mom thought it was "twit" instead of Tweet Lil
why won't this g damned m fucking directory info burn properly? m fucking titty essing t balled bitch.
How kind. Thank you Uncle Paulie.
We really ARE the other 99%. Believe that. Things are changing and for the way better.
We hope you had a great time at Oz! Please come again soon :)
now I'm tweeting @ you :) lol
that would be so fun!
Areal estate agent with a strong set of diverse skills & with knowledge of the local market is essential to optimizing return on investment.
Too bad CBS will not program Saturday. It is the one network that can.
hey there! shoot us an email at support(at)simplymeasured(dot)com and we'll help you out!
VERY cool site. I will be visiting some of those places for sure.. sometime other than tomorrow. 70% chance rain
Nah. lol. I'm cool!
thx beauty! Everything about u is fierce! Xo! ;)
Ah dang I better unfollow you, you spoke the truth ;P
Oh I see the silent treatment<<<
Apparently I'm staying right by the Mutter Museum for #acrl2011. This calls for a field trip!
Fuck all the bullshit. I've got a Green Bay Packers Football game to attend.
... lol, would you be hella pissed at me? Or do you not care too much? #TeamNoFeelings ?
Gateway Mortgage Group Expands into St. Louis with the Opening of Two Branches
Blackhawks game is off to a heated start. Are you watching it at Theory? We've got great specials for ya!
heayy why not,,,, you and me
I hate texting people first. I feel awkward, annoying and unwanted.
At The Duece ... Kevin and Delana Harvick just showed up.
Probably a bad coax install. Had signal drops in my setup, took several techs to redo it properly.
ah, soon as I tweet that, a man painted orange arrives to conduct the wave
Lmfao , Yeah ! I'm Already Making Scholarships And Shit !
Lol your adorable
Rolling in the deep
This can be a good rivalry Heat vs Bulls but bulls better chill we ain't with that
oh haha I miss him..wish I could talk to him ! :P
The heartbreaking and wonderful book Joe Cinque's Consolation got pinged by just now. Rode past That House every day as a teen.
hey u
“: The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you.”
Turning my site to a profile, and soon releasing a magazine, #music, #health, #advice, got a few writers, looking 4 more!
My Week with Marilyn was superb. Bravo Michelle Williams. I think I'm in love with Ms. Monroe as well.
I can't, so you can have her tomorrow..
yeah I don't blame you at all!!! Haha
Remember to #springahead this weekend! The clocks go forward Saturday at 2am!
I <U+2661> !! I uninstalled tweetcaster and reinstalled like u suggested and Wallah Magic! My app works again :-)
motto for the day (and every day): give good, get good
Thank you for sharing them! Me too. Made me want to be a student again, or a photographer so I could do shoots in them.
We <3 Redrock Micro and Litepanels! Thank you SO MUCH for your continued support of our movie!
You Help A Bitch They Dont Appreciate Shit
Indeed. We knew every apartment had their water heaters in the same area so we only kept recycling and extra boxes in there.
Whatever you do, think not of yourself, but of God. -- St. Vincent Ferrer
got it
"Suit up. Square your shoulders. Lipstick is optional...and fight for what you believe in" -Vic Johnson
": I'm still thinking on that; there is not a must see act for me this year. You?"I want to but don't know
I am a bit amazed, though... Think it's the first time ever that an article about security awareness references "sexy".
yeahh. (: how have u been?! :p
It's awesome that the word nutsack is trending worldwide on Twitter!
Last high school game ever at 7 30 with the #HF squad for the TOC Championship
I wanna sleep why can't I sleep. Damn it!
": Going to the #clippers game tonight! Thanks to wifey!" Get to see slam on someone tonight
If this KS #tornado crossed 55th & Broadway and 63rd & Hydraulic, as reported, that makes it approximately 1-mile wide!
Sushi at Fishbones in SCS with hit the spot!
100 followers! Thank you all so much! I cant start a new business without running a great promotion - mention Twitter, 50% off a PC Tuneup
if target doesn't, hobby lobby has Easter stuff out and plenty of it.
My feet stink. Please RT
I love that MTU is using the resources available to them (ie, computer design students) to embrace mobile tech
"Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records." -William Arthur Ward
Release feelings of overwhelm and inability to act caused by “I’m not enough” with the word “Empathy" via
. I don't even want to click on that! Ew.
Did you enjoy a Hop n Top while there?
I'm only human. Of flesh and blood I'm made...
loves explaining to unhappy yet muscular Obamatrons that Neoconservatism Aint All That Bad after all
sounds unnerving. stay safe.
sick poster!(:
It's nearly impossible to tell if you've gotten the car wash you've paid for.
HEADING OUT FOR A RIDE-A-LONG WITH THE NEVADA HIGHWAY PATROL, TODAY!! THIS is gonna be FUN!!
Love (and Luxury) are 3/4 Curiosity. We love new friends
ikkkkkk. I was happy
...i.will be lol
that sounds delicious. Our chefs make a salmon scrapple that's really good too.
the only thing left for Nash to do before taking a FT is checking the weather...
It's called Both of Us.
I don't know what I can do for you yet...
Have to watch that, even with 140 characters or less.
It has to be right? I mean come on, a kid that age and with that talent
I've learned that bringing props to a training doesn't enhance the training unless you use the props for a particular purpose!
Omw to B.K with the fam
I cant sleep...
Tweeting from Google+ -- gimme karma whore points!
Thanks man. Happy to disappoint.
My neighbors bike got stolen, it's bright orange. We live in the NOHO area of the valley. Feel so bad for him.
When tells you about a secret door and you try to find it.
First impression Gio Gonzalez has great composure, variety of pitches, and very positive attitude.
big plans in store guys!! get excited
Last time we saw him at Fenway, he was taking a fastball off his forehead. Not a great memory.
Heading to the studio to record a couple of #jazz tracks w/Davell Crawford - piano prince of N.O. tonight. Long overdue.
oh cool! Not quite, but I got a spreadsheet of all the contacts. Once I'm physically there I'll commence phase 2
Arrests made for those who stayed in park!
How Does It Feel To Be Mean' ? #Idk .
Postinq All Your Problems On Facebook , But Tellinq Everyone To Stay Out Your Business
THANKS! We appreciate all you do in spreading the word. Conversations are the way to victory.
Yes ma' am.
"As far as I can tell, they never get up before noon unless it's a national emergency, like my leg hair."
#point lol! Because I'm over here wishing I HAD invested in apple, but what did I know? I was 10! lol
These cloudy days really do stink...
Matthew from Downton Abbey is coming to Broadway? *swoon*
decide what/who belongs in your life and dont apologize for removing what doesn't!!
Tonight on #OutdoorWisconsin, Dan joins Mounted Justice and tries cowboy mounted shooting with black powder revolvers. On MPTV 10 at 8.
... Friends are like little angles , If you fall they pick you up and show you how to fly <U+2665> is one of these angles ILY !
we would do the same here. They need the education for the future and just don't get it yet.
It was good. We miss you brotha!
AUNT SARE IS HERE !!!!!
Wow!!! Now I'm impressed!! YES GIANTS!!!!! And I wasn't even a believer in Manning...my hats off to you and ur team...
Are you kidding! Nobody on picked the Young Buck Brandon Jennings!
I think my favorite post season of all professional sports would be #NBAplayoffs. Let's go
I get the gay reality and music shows but I really miss the movies...new actual gay and lezzy movies.
It might just be easier to entertain ourselves with Sock Puppet Theater.
Some spammer spoofed my email address and now I'm getting a flood of bounced messages advertising crap. Grrrr.
Downloading BornThisWay Ball Audio :D
In Music Meeting- Arcade Fire “Ready To Start” just what I wanted I like it
hi if you like art come check out our gallery/music space this Sunday, many out of town acts....should be good.
Just took a 3 hour nap!
EU Court Says Computer Functions Not Copyrightable
I am so glad the Patriots are restructuring 's deal so he can stay a Patriot. He was such a valuable contributor this season.
What has been your favorite charity so far?
My..My...My...Truth may cut...but redemptive truth also heals...I feel my help coming...thanks for that doc...
Cold and snowy here. Need to snowshoe again!
It's not a rumor, Hopple Popple is BACK!
Mattress King will be at the Boulder Home & Garden Fair on Sat, August 27th at the 29th Street Mall in Boulder. Come hang with us!
that moment when you find out something you did not want to happen..
RT : will give away random gift cards for best #Instagram photos taken at the #PinkCarpetEvent tonight! Mention us to enter...
Let's goo chicago bulls!!!
sweet! I lived there for two years for university! Have fun! :D
Thanks for the Follow!
Ghost face: you better start running.
I don't hate you
Wish I went to art Basel :(
I'm finally catching up with season 2 of Downton Abbey and...is it me, or are some of the plots a little outlandish?
#Drama causes us so much confusion, we miss the point, & don't speak substance.
In a surprising act of compassion, #MichaelBay has decided NOT to shoot TF3 in 3D. Test footage is said to potentially cause brain damage.
I hate Austin Mahone. What a loser.
lmaoooooooo“: Got a reality show coming out called "Who Wants to be a Promoter?" #idcf”
Eight O'Clock Coffee >>>>>Starbucks
Thanks for the scolding hot chicken. I didn't need that skin on my hands anyway.
haveu ever heard of foxy brown the rapper?
That doesn't sound too fun. If you're looking for a break, you can always try our website. We find the sships for you.
The Feds did nothing today still riding on this fake wave a marginal recovery. GNP got to get to 5% for a decent recovery.
Awww shucks twitter friends I didn't make the cut for the voice audition! But it's all good no worries :-)
Holy crap #TheAvengers was so amazing!
AUCI up 100% already in less than 5.5 trading hours off my bottom grab of 1,000,000 shares at .0011.. I see this getting to .004+
*Hug* right back to you. Have an awesome weekend. Thanks a million for staying in touch.
#20 This is my last #100factsaboutme tweet for now :)
Colleague Diane Ehrenpreis speaks about Martha Wayles Skelton, wife of Jefferson, and her support of Virginia's troops in the 1780s.
Go get em. Guv Patrick has MassGOALS performance management program. Could auditor play bigger role in measuring progress?
EVERY time I watch #GCB I tell myself, girl, you need to move to Texas and wrangle up a Southern boy!
Zoe Saldana did the damn thing in this movie! #Colombiana Why didn't I see this before?!!!!
ew! me too!
Justin is creeping on 's account :) hurry follow her if you want to be followed!!!.
AH BELIEVE IS GOING TO BE YOUR BIRTHDAY PRESENT AH CAN'T WAIT JUNE 19 BABY
I can do that I got the shirts!
You Follow Me Ill
I hate waiting on people. #NoTimeManagement Except for my brother
lol thanks you too!
great profile, thx for the follow
Will Dalton: "We are Always where we are supposed to be all the time!"
Happy 2011 2 u all!!! Hope it's a gr8 one ;)
I want to come to your school so that I can go to your cultural series. Maybe one day I'll start one...
I'm looking for a PHP developer with database experience for a project I have. Budget is in place and is a paying gig.
least you call him & text him back , unlike your best friend . thanks .
RT : #AUCohort13 is putting out the AmericanObserver today. Follow our coverage of the Japanese Festival at
ok! For sure tho:p.
Kronwall is a beast!!!
Time to write an article & press release. Back to work on the children's guides. Archaeology Expo a success this weekend. Need more sleep.
Umm... could have used Caron guarding Gay on that play. Coach Del Negro? Coach? Vin?
Today: Altered States; 5 Year Engagement; The Wedding Singer; Trainspotting with quite a mixed bag.
After I finish this
Something's gotta give! Time to switch it up a bit.
Haha. Well as usual thank you for writing. Can't get enough
thanks man miss yal
I have decided that after my show ends in March. I will grow out a mustache as awesome as your beard.
i can't sleep D;
never said that. i said lebron vs kobe storyline would be a lot more exciting than anything else. its historic.
Have the right attitude!
Andy is an angry elf
Yes they are! Have u been to the San Marcos Outlet stores???
Does anyone know of a site where I can get a free flash template for a outdoor based website
Been so weakened by allergies this whole week. Not going to gym and been eating fat and carbs a lot
you don't.
Waiting at the dentist's office to get my teeth cleaned!! So freakin hungry!!
haha good I know I am so sryy I know how much u love to cuddle with meh ;)
How did Billy Cundiff miss that field goal with the game on the line. Pathetic.
Oh jeez... I even have hate for them!
Yesterday select Harriet Fulbright College students were treated to a lecture and tour at the Ronald Regan International Trade Center.
Thanks for tweeting about the Local Arts Classroom, Jennifer!
please follow me <3 I love you.
inshallah tonight. Im stacked with classes on Wednesdays.
i know! I am trying to watch on my AppleTV!
Lol no! Babies are bad if you aren't married silly girl
2011 taught me the lessons that 2012 will require of me to put into practice.
I need someone to talk to on twitter -.- any takers?
You rock for reaching out to lost teens!
Still miss the glory days, er..., mornings at fox. Keep up the good work
I Think Your Mouth Should Be Quiet, Cause It Never Tells The Truth
Curiosity is one of the permanent and certain characteristics of a vigorous intellect.
How do you work it? Lmao, I need to know before an hour!
What you say, seems like you don't want In this
I want a guy best friend :(
Thanks for the shout-out! You're pretty awesome yourself.
not from Canada but like mine #regular from my #NewEngland upbringing.
Sometimes you have to beat them with love, choke them with kindness and cover them with hope.
Please remember to be thankful this weekend on this Resurrection Sunday - Peace and Love
RT : Eyehategod on a boat! 500 will head out at 8 PM, how many will return?
Can somebody just please be my 4,000th follower and take me out of my misery?
im good!hbu? =]
He's mailing absentee ballots to 'supporters' so how many out of state donors are sending in ballots?
When you're gone the pieces of my heart are missing you. I miss you!
but I would also like to see what you've got in mind for a writer's group.
If they make The Dance let's hope the schedulers show mercy on all of us and slot them in the Thursday 12pm'er
Fantastic. Beyond the predictable awe & insperation is an amazing sense of humor. Insight that's aplicable to our field too.
On Friday the 13th yet!
Today was so fun
My favorite 2012 ticket? Barack Obama for President. Joe Biden for Vice President. Donald Glover for Vice Vice President.
Lauryn Hill, Bob Marley, Tupac...they were saying stuff society needed to hear!
I think the Colts grab a QB in round 1...but I am just guessing
I haven't really been out in Avon much or playing any bball
I'm trying to hate on Vocal Adrenaline right now.. but yo.. Unique is killin it!
Yes, I took a day off so I could get up early for I think I just crossed some sort of foodie line.
The RT/MT question taps into academic writing, I think. When writing a paper, a quote != a paraphrase.
RT KayyChev Beer beer beer I want an Ice cold beer<< no surprise here lmao
ewww, I thought the promise of scala that you could run it in well understood java containers were that it was easy to scale
see, you CAN get through! so close!!
Does anyone know fan mail address..?
#Packers draft DE Nick Perry with the 28th pick in the
v on stage at #Ted - hope they post this too!
I have some people developing an organization to raise money for a new laptop since mine was stolen & broken.
No matter how sleepy I may have been: please forgive me for mis spelling Leslie Nielson! And again RIP
Sleep is calling ha
Last tweet about #sagawards, Viola Davis had me in tears. I voted for many that didn't win, but couldn't be happier for all those that did.
You don't have to more you don't have to speak
Dare to walk into a room and tell a story - louder is not better. Screaming is not singing. Make them come to YOU. CREATE A MOMENT!
& go to Taylor & Amber's wedding(:
Rajon Rando has 4 15-plus assist games this season. That ranks 2nd in the league to a guy that has done it 10 times. MORE THAN DOUBLE.
RT : Wonderful day brunch, hangs, desserts, sunshine, hippo head, real talk. People who work @ Fritz are so nice.
LISTEN TO US ON THE RICKEY SMILEY MORNING SHOW
Thank you and wishing you all the best also.
Again Happy birthday! :)
follow back?
Niall ^.^ it would mean so very much lol
Heading out from Seattle to #Chicago mid-day. Entering a tweet free zone. More later.
Very Refreshed. Gotta shower than head To work. (: <3.
Great day for Seafair! Happy Sunday everyone!
It's early, but check-in is open here at RIT for BarCamp Rochester!
MT : #ncpol county election canvass Tue 5/15 to certify county totals. State canvass TBA. Amendment effective when SBoE certifies
The Son's animal is licking me. I know she means well, but yuck.
SEALS, Marines and Real-Life Secret Agents Use To Keep In Peak Shape!
Hey man, did you ever decide if you wanted that small Timbers kit? Wanna try to sell it this week to get the donation before Sat.
Five minutes later...still watching Baker Cat
Ya i know so =) lets book events for this summer..i would do spring break but im already booked for Peru & Vegas.
#Newthanksgivingsongs Gimme Gimme Some Stuffing. Spencer Davis / Blues Bros.
haha I kno I kno!!! I love you girl :) you've always had my back
thank u
are you going to be in any broadway shows in NYC, I promise I will see it!
Fall down seven times, get up eight.
I give weekly staff lunch mtgs. to discuss these issues re: 'good comm & lobbying skills' wkshp at next MW
but I'm proud of him though ^_^ he had his first concert :^) they grow up so fast *sniffle* *sniffle* :'^)
Joshua Bell, who performs with the CSO in September, just kicked off "Classical Night" on #DWTS. Talk about a tough act to follow!
if you follow me.. I get 20 $ .. But that's not the only reason.. You're my mother :) iloveyou!
Thank you! and I are so thrilled to be a part of this great Team!!!!!
I'll never be perfect, you just have to accept the fact that I am who I am.
#livegive i had it bad once i burned my arm somehow and it was huge and gross and still got a scar!
NyQuil might be overkill for a small headache, but I'm rather enjoying it...
Late night runs >>>
i told my momma we b rich one day but who knw it come tomorrow now these niggas got they hand out
wait, you have a wife!?!?!? Congratulations!
Best podcasts around including the Czar. :-)
Ugh almost 200 a month for cable and this shit is best they can do
Happy #Stabiversary to Joe Koenen! What a guy, glad you made it through.
Whataburger and daylight saving time
Get out of here! They don't want anyone to pay their bill, I'm guessing.
Remember how he "reformed" the Texas education system? Didn't quite stick.
Good stuff! Those scuttles look awesome. Def better than my bowl-in-hot-sink-during-shower-then-hope-it-stays-warm method.
Really? I can. Star players didn't step up. Need to unload Semin and perhaps others. Holtby is a huge plus for the future
maybe blazers don't know?
Idina's on hope she has more screentime soon
The madonnas of Leningrad / Debra Dean
Anyone wanna see Gomez tomorrow night?
Ack, see! Even tweeps indicate how much I need to learn.
Today is beyond terrible, I just wanna go home and cry.
Unreal game.
Beyond #Tcamp12 brainstorming session was amazing! Lots of great ideas! Any interest in multilingual Global TransparencyCamp #Wiki?
OMG OMG OMG Robert follows me <3 :D
then she not bad until she 2 then watch out lol
We just waited an hour to hear Arnold Schwarzenegger speak (in broken english) for 30 seconds.
I hate ghetto hoes with small ponytails....looking like the end of a paintbrush and shit -_-
Shout out to my sister who is graduating with 2 degrees and a minor and who is #4 in her IUPUI class. :)
anyone have any recommendations for a teamspeak hosting service? Looking for one for this summer's #ds106 edition. . .
I just love math so freaking much!
Awww :/ my pick diddnt make it oh we'll I still have 2 more to go !!
Tough Question: Game's I remember for excitement. Tuck Rule. Bears v Card "Let em off the hook". Helmet Catch might win.
Welcome and to twitter!!!
Wanna join Zipcar today? We're giving $75 driving credit to today's sign-ups! DM us for details
I figured that silly. lol I mean what time??
you cooking?
Wow. I've just learned, via , that postal voting is mandatory in Oregon. What if scandal breaks on November 1st?
Cubs pitchers don't have a single hit this year...0-28. Wow...getting ZERO production from 7-8-9 spots...just like my co-ed softball team.
Worship = Manifestation!!!
Ugh, find an escape route!!!!
I think I do, too. Don't they make a shampoo for those yet?
Thanks very much...The Newport looks great!
Teaching/what you know/is learning/how little/you know
Google "How to [insert web marketing technique]" and look at the results for a few years ago. It will be entertaining/shocking.
You know, actually taking the time to read other peoples' stuff when you're asking them to promote yours. But if that works, great
It seems the War Eagle's days are numbered. Even our trusty steed couldn't survive Beebe.
we got u homie going down Jan 28th touring the streets of Paris At the Razz Music House CEO
You should! Definitely settled, not homesick.
road to #Omaha “: The #Noles win game 2 of the Tallahassee Regionals 23-9. Tomorrows game will be at 7 pm tomorrow.”
He did not just say that.. Hip hop fighter to a rap fighter lmao
Happy because practice tomorrow is at 8 instead of 7... But the fact that I'm the only one that has practice kinda ruins it...
You did. Like I said, hope he can turn over a lineup a couple times.
oh my lauwd! I need all of the things...ALL OF THEM!
With a loan you need to be financially sound, where with factoring the determination is made on the soundness of your client’s financials.
B12 won't do it twice. This whole situation is about more money and not so much charity.
Yay Brees just threw an interception! We need to win this Houston come on and let's close this now!!!
or maybe Hamas using it for cover and weapons storage - like they are doing with Mosques
Rush Limbaugh: "This is the politics of minority conservative personal destruction."
my teacher in here singing refill by elle varner :) thats the bangger thou !
you made me LOL in my French class.
your dentist is a billionaire alcoholic? I'd construction dear getting a new one. ;-)
I GUESS SO
Professional health center in VA www.inovadocs.com
Please welcome LionessDeja to the Max life
Someone who's only almost right for you will tear your world apart but will feel bad about it.
how dare you be so delicious!? :)
#ThingsIWouldLoveToDo. Sing, dance, have a good time and not give a flying fuck what's going on with everybody else.
Jeezuz, that's gorgeous! I must have been a dame in my past life. Probably a flapper.
People are fickle mush heads. Don't let them see you (flop) sweat!
you need to get on fb
Tnx for the tweets about our Manga Guide at #bib11. DM me if you're interested in a review copy from the series. -RW
Whoa cool! Any link to her discussing it? I wrote my masters "thesis" about it ya know :)
Got to see my daughter dance and sing all day with some girls that have been on broadway in the casts of MaMa Mia and Lion King!
Ha! One of the few examples, though, that is actually spelled with a j...
RT : We can always find something to relate to in Star Wars. -Stacey Swigart
Heading to the Ofield Dukes Diversity Summit tomorrow? Be sure to use #PRSADetroitDiversity in your Tweets!
Aren't we all just walking contradictions?
GM proposed taking over one-third of Isuzu, source says GM initially suggested taking a controlling stake of more than one-third in Isuzu
star and shamrock, the pug or argonaut would be / are always my picks. Maybe throw in queen Vic too
not yet...
I've noticed a distinct lack of live tweeting. I can only assume that's mimosa-induced on this day of days.
Palmetto Bay Council Member J Lindsay brings the Building & Permitting Advisory Committee forward. Gr8 work by committee.
I'll let Brad have the honors, because I am a world-class gentleman.
just heard...indeed there was a PAWS upgrade this past weekend.
my favorite #AUSTREAM moment is whenever your mom asked you to teach her how to dougie!! :)
u forgot about me
follow back please? =) <3
Use the message that attracts the masses in your marketing. Research!
Searching for Boom Operator and other Production Staff. Please email Liana Afuni if interested.
If you're looking for a #Brewers bright side (and I know you are), in 2011, Cards started 3-8 vs Milwaukee, finished 9-9.
At UCLA's Intel Act Now, celebrating organizations which empower women and girls
haha ya. I myself never went to Irani hotel...it will be good to go.. :)
New music and new videos and photos are coming very soon! Check out my Facebook for more updates and to hear music :)
Music, motorcycles, and food.
you make me want to have a Tumblr.
could really fucking care less
"The fight for progress isn't about sympathy, it's about opportunity," Gene Sperling calls for inclusion
what's better than coming home to a pug and a letter saying that you're a semi-finalist for a talent scholarship? YAY
I heart that show and it will always have a special place in my heart!
Has a new appreciation for LA now that she's seen it on foot and on the metro accompanied by mi 'manita, Pata. Orale! I get it now.
Chillin' at the crib, expensive ass view; I say I'm tryina live life, I'm tryina breakthrough..
“: Bagels and Lox?” Absolutely. Tell'em to go easy on the capers though.
All alone in the big city solo...what shall A nigga do :-)
Thanks for the RT! :)
send some quick!!!
What's a decade earlier? Far as we're concerned, the way of the sixties was paved by the Boomers! ;)
me too..like I've said before this bitch smartened up not gonna let someone bring me down don't care how much I love them
Weak RT : Francona won't be part of any Fenway celebration: By Tim BrittonTORONTO -- Terry Francona told the Boston Globe ..
The overhead shot of the bag looks like a vagina
COLORBLIND wishes everyone a happy thanks giving:)
Hello Lucky! RT : AND THE HATS GO FLYING! Evgeni Malkin gets his third of the game! 7-1 #Pens! #hattrick!
Love your new AVI xo
Studying while on
T.G.I.F.! C'mon over to #Fridays to celebrate the weekend! Join us for $4 #highballs and half-priced #appetizers from 4-7pm!
straightening up house to show to next potential renters...this is becoming a twice a week occurrence these days.
yes the books are always better lol
Last night I was on my bed with my cuz, It was kinda dark, I got up & tripped over a basket that in knew was there, I like fell, MAD funny.
Why are some of you acting as If It's Impossible that Jelena broke up tho. Like shut up.
hopefully you spent more time with your teachers!
most awkward person in the world win. Sending an IM meant for your boyfriend to your boss.
Its a half day at school today! All classes are 30 minutes and I get out at 1:40!
Congratulations to Jessica Record for signing with A & M Talent House!
Oops. Nevermind. Just saw the answer. :)
It's not all about you! ... If what you are getting online is for free, you are not the customer--you are the product.
#HillerHelps - #CollaborativeLaw helps you reconcile with your partner. The 'peace tent' created gives you a chance.
Share an update NEW YORK (CNNMoney) --...the Federal Reserve said it planned to keep interest rates near historic lows through late 2014. …
Wish I was at the #nfldraft just so I can find and touch him<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
IRSC Prof. Enhancement Day for adjuncts was great - lucky to work with so many talented people. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>to Dr. Tina Hart and Sera Serafini!
sunday night slow jams are on point tonight
Mailed my saliva specimen today. I'm eager to learn the results of my Personal Genome Test and excited to impact research.
what all did you do?
What are these games of hunger you speak of?
ha, I didn't intend that. I hope the "don't have time to be happy until I'm 'successful'" crowd someday realizes they're wrong
Great senior shoot 2day, just got home from rock girl casting call shoot & in 5 hrs we'll shoot children's 5k at #millerpark!!!!
Sacrifice is giving up something you love, for something you love more. Do it for yourself, never compromise to be something your not.
Replying to my guest blog post for Great comments and good discussion. Great to see other happy SJSU SLISer's out there!
We are working on the Favorite New Country Stars February Contest, and are Aware of the Error Reports some of you are receiving...
and days and days...
Cheers for the social media efforts of Boulder Co rangers. Of course BoCo rangers are the savviest of rangers.
Awesome day at the beach :))
i dont get it... Is it Adeles song? Lol
We're like kids in a candy store at #pizzaexpo in Vegas this week. Just saw a bamboo pizza box that biodegrades in 30 days.
They don't believe in "better safe than sorry"? It sounds risky.
i haven't had to lol all day!
nah. Amanda is drawing it out to see if I like it first
4 a.m. wake-up call tomorrow. Big day though.
martini time. what!
Game 5 in Chicago #Bulls vs
just put you on.
Today's BTU inspiration: "Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood." ~Marie Curie
on another note, children of the night, respected agency for helping youth out of sex trade, explicitly prefers "child prostitute"
Seeing other people happy makes me happy :)
I sound like such an ahole in my at replies. I need to lighten up. :/ ¯\_(<U+30C4>)_/¯
I miss your face! :) are you in Florida?
second half was exciting but it never should have been that close and leads lost. No help from Bench get it together and win Wed.
I like angsty independent movie soundtracks...especially when I'm putting my face on.
me too! Have a beautiful day!
Wrapping up from yokes! :) and just had a fantastic meal!!
always a fan of #libraries, see you soon!
It was super, and the wine = A+ RT : congrats to to a great event last night!! xo
what is your favorite song from Wicked?
what are you gurls doing?
Oh man, you've gotta visit the Big Gay Ice Cream Truck again & report back on that wasabi pea dust.
I no rite cant wait until friday Saturday i am going be busting my ASS at least 5 times while i am skating LOL
Short day today
Thank you ...In every word I wrote ~ I’ve put a piece of soul ~ Have you?
we starting it today ! Uh oh and the concert tickets start selling today too
"TEXTING 101: (Oh) = Stop talking to me. (K) = I'm done talking. (Whatever) = Screw you. (Fine) = Screw it. (I guess) = I don't give a damn"
bro if the wrong white person read this it would open a racist ass discussion
Daylight Saving Time Begins this Sunday! So set your clock ahead 1 hour. <U+2665> this time so much more.
What genetics is and is not. Actually, genomics. (Dr Thomas Insel, dir of at #PAS2012)
Please "like" our Facebook page - Abused in #Chicago too, thanks to all who have already. I know we can get more!
Gathering Content for Celebrity Spouses website
throw in a box of crest white strips (I'm low on them) and I'll take it! :-)
I live for two reasons. 1) I was born. 2) I haven't died yet
Keep up the good work with your mini MICA reunions : )
it's not working for me tbh
N gosh it looks like its gonna rain
It seems that until UVCC,BNW-EE etc.have the type of financial resources to threaten sellouts,BUFFOONERY
Been busy working...
Make it trend...
RT : We are excited to be apart of walk tomorrow! Come to #UNLV tomorrow for a great event! Walk starts at 10:30a!
what happened?
Dear San Diego tourists, I like you, I need you, & if you'd just not blow smoke in my face on my run along the Embarcadero, it'd be so good.
RT : #ivlp participant is posting regularly abt her visit. See her thoughts on everything from Georgetown Cupcakes...
The new pepsi next, makes you burp hella! XD
RT : Back-to-back jacks! Jeff Baisley adds a solo shot and the 'Topes are up 8-0, Bottom of the 5th
I still gotta do that video for Hayes -__-
Shaq is talking about Salado Creek on TNT! crazy!
man shut up
Nice! I can't make it until June, but have a date set to go!
I love cold case
You really have to get some info on police's intent. Are they going to evict? Do they know what they're going to do?
Good first day ... its crazy everything is back up and running. Going to be a long but fun season ...
So its about to rain
Congrats to former Cavs coach Mike Brown on his new gig with the Los Angeles Lakers
Will take a look at this. Mostly using Sublime Text 2 now, but still a lot of vim at the CLI most days
think u had about as many drinks as I did tonight..haha
RT : Lineup at is about 20 min behind. Got to catch a bit of comedy, Big Rock Club up now. Very pop punk a la Ataris.
Just woke up to myself and the large foreign woman in deep sleep next to me on the bus getting weirdly close to cuddling... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
hi! have done :)
Sorry to hear the news and wish all of you the best of luck!
Wonderful weekend off with the family....need to make it a more frequent event.
if your out tonight, come hear the skills of Dj Moma at Retreat nyc tonight!
Kentucky Derby!!
(....a phrasing that I just realized is awfully confusing if you don't notice the extra space. How about: the main site is *working*.)
Hahhahaha. Spanish is fun. Gotta love that class.
But yes, of course it's possible.
Gym, session, special lady, sit-in gig, home.. gonna be a great night.
Wow, they just announced Oral Roberts JUST BARELY missed making the NCAA tournament as an "At Large" they were the "first team out"
The first trait is the ability to set goals - need help teaching your child how to do this?
say, what we gone do about return flights?
We also think thats a fantastic idea ;) Hope to see you tonight!
Moms- What advice can you offer to new Moms as they enter #motherhood?
me and went in at wal-mart (y)
lol well it would make sense since I did shoot a Shaw commercial. ;) I was being facetious. lol
Any idea why there are snow plows in the city?
okk followingg(: do you know who this is?
Can someone explain to me how Carmelo is an All Star?
“: Pizza or Pasta, gotta go w/ Pasta. #TeamSpaghetti” hahah
tired. no more eleven pm two mile runs.
"Lugging the sledge hammerthrough thin spring lightwhacking" I love the way you've run words together. Inadvertently?
I love
Matt Kemp is the NL player of the week.
I already follow him!
6mile run, 2 mile swim, and so much jump training you would think I flew... all in a days work
thus is getting good!
Students go back to school Monday, Jan. 2 after winter break. Quick turn-around after New Year's!
#GymPetPeeves The broken scale in the locker room at EVERY New York Sports Club.
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...you approve a "someone tag you in a post" thing & it says="Now You Gotta Say where you ARE!" no CIA, I don't!
The purpose of It's Okay To Wait is to get families talking about sex with their teens. If we don't talk to our children, the streets will!
Never again, , never again.....
q3) Appreciation is really important
With pleasure. ;-)
Cool. Glad to help. :)
Your brain - I like it.
My sentiments, exactly.
We've got ourselves a hockey game, folks! #NHL #Playoffs #LetsGoPanthers!
The overworking of the brain at expense of all other functions must have had a fatal effect even on children of robust temperaments (1855)
: o wow!! Those #'s are almost unbelievable!
ProtoTap Company had our first show this weekend! It went great! tore it up! Let's get it!!!
Please stop talking.
did you just disappear from Facebook?
just grinding how u been
RT if you think me and are a PERFECT COUPLE <U+2665><U+2665>
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift.
Really need someone to talk to right now, I think.
that's the best quote girly!!!!
On that note Joe always goes for Deep Ellum's vegan burger. My favorite place in town if you haven't visited yet!
Thanks Chris! RT : I gave +Karma about internships to the future on
get on my level.
hope you benefit Beth. we're getting a lot of good feedback on the book and looking for more ways to get the message out.
I'm ready for tomorow
Many thx to , , & , Thomas Krichel & all who attended for a great 1st annual.
R.I.P Whitney Houston. One of the greatest singers of all. All of us shall let her rest in peace <3
i followed just because its a kardashian friend even thou im not nut would love to be
Awesome! Thanks! Going to be following you girls. Tweet often!
That's the matchup I'd most like to see as well...
"Never take your eyes off your opponent - even when you bow." Bruce Lee, Enter the Dragon
lol when I was there they played vida la vida
One of the worst things ever is seeing a girl cry. I hate it.
but you are the worst procrastinator ever lol
#LetsDoThis we are gonna get his ass back! and make him suffer!!!
"you have to agree with me"... - predominant theme of many korean films
Free tour today at 4pm! Stop by!
Warm up on the way to work with a cup of Darjeeling and a Blueberry muffin.
the white one's we ship BFG out in at the post office for free. you can order boxes @ USPS 4 free also
Had a great time at El Coyote last night with friends, looking forward to tonight's big red carpet event. Will be in full-tuxedo mode! :)
#missSKCsomuch RT or chanting "you don't know what you're doing" to idiot drivers
ok.. uh what's ur least favorite subject?
Good win for Cooper to end the regular season. Disappointing season for Dixie!
Mindless behavior is NEXT :D Yaaaaaayyyyyyy !
Like you I haven't had the time to get into shows! Example: Modern Family absorbed 2 hrs of last night I DID NOT have to spare
thanks cat. I love you!! I couldn't have kept going without you!
winding down after a nice long weekend
I totally forgive u (picture a tear rolling slowly down my left cheek). Not trying to make u feel guilty. LOL! Have a Gr8 day!
for both the audience and the company/artists?
Enter to win a free office by liking us here on Facebook!
I caught her thank u very much, let her go so she can get bigger for next time RT“ give that fish back to whoever caught it”
OMG I LOVE UR BLOG
what does it take to get a follow back from you?
Ill be rite black stay white here
Join Colin from 2night at for a Happy Hour Brew Session in the Copper Kettle starting at 5:00
hi! Is it TRUE
you're welcome! :)
Hey So good to hear ya live! Thanks for rocking the fuck out tonight!
At the Massey Knakal Investment Summit. Lots of optimistic talk on NY real estate.
What about someone useful like Dunta Robinson or Carlos Dansby (or hell, Hunter Smith)? RT : Here we go again...
At homeroom with :D craving some spam musubi and he needs a scarf lol
Im a single man...smh
Updated GUI software simplifes x-ray imaging - Test &amp; Measurement World
I can't stand the kardashians!!
what is criminal is their ignorance.
And later saying I'm sorry. Well as a face in the eye of the public and the voice of the gop, he should know better. Take this man down.
Congrats to everyone who won movie tickets as part of our cart promotion. We will be contacting you this week about ticket delivery!
Anyone think that using technology too often takes the focus away from learning content? Just wondering!
Thanks for the reminder <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> i get it
is my mom ever saw me writing #niallwhipshispenis she would smack me!
Hot dogs, rad music, and beer tonight a Frank! Oh Look Out scheduled for lift-off at 11:45.
I don't think I've smelled that recently lols
Patriots against the Falcons... Not too worried, hopefully we will get Welker on the field tonight!
hey boy. I'm so glad you just told us that u love us. Because I was going to ask you if you would tell us u loved us. <U+2661>
Carlos, the Nokero model, has made his debut!
Damn, if I wouldn't do just about anything this side of legal for tickets to 's DC concert in May. Come on Universe!
What's up bro just wanted to say that I love you!!! :)
Happy b-day Mitch we are partying in Wis for ya. Yahoo
Joe Hooker wanted to win final battle of #CivilWar & be President. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan is how he failed. $2.99 KindleAmazon
round table sign spinner decided to preach to me about Jesus instead of his $6.99 lunch special. bummer.
Search function not working properly, songs not loading in One_Love_Room , Server issues?
oh yeah I forgot NFL <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Good morning ppl it's Friday but I dnt think most of y'all ready for the wknd!!
I can't read the "Saggy Baggy Elephant" to my son without thinking of "TruBlood"
Twould be interesting for Kim Stanley Robinson to read #debt by then revise the novel Years of Rice and Salt accordingly
get a new laptop for pennies, tonight at Bidfather!
Well, the Bucs are third in the NL Central.
Good afternoon and a very happy #follow #friday!! :) :) :)
Don't worry about how things might turn out. Just remember that nothing came to those who didn't try.
really? I didnt think he was that cute... lol
What a cutie!!! Totally the 'It wasn't me' face.
How does your device accomodate for different physical characteristics of different golfers?
yea do that
These last two years of my life I have learned a lot of things one thing I learned is it is what it is shit happens.
Spent the last 2.5 hours in my culture of Jewish history class. All we discussed were 3 passages from the Hebrew Bible. My mind is drained.
Everyone Tells You That You Deserve Better But No One Is Willing To Give It To You
Isn't that just all teenage girls? I feel old saying this, but dammit, teenagers are annoying!
i can smell bullshit a mile away
Poker tourney at the Peanut on 8th and Washington 2day at 230. $50 all you can eat and drink. Proceeds go2 Toys4tots - come out and support!
Agave is tequila without the regret.
If you know me well, you know that I hate Jersey. After spending a day in Pennsylvania, I have a new appreciation for NJ. PA is horrible!!
I always feel when someone tweets "shit up" I feel like they are talkin to me.
indeed! =D
Chicago Bears to Win NFC North? Maybe, but Let's Slow Down: Fan's Take - Yahoo! Sports
Cleaning The House :( Bout To Go To Walmart And Get Some Things For My Trip Tomorrow To New York We Leave At 3:30 Am
A truly American art show: Political cartoons and rock n' roll...
In case I'm not on Twitter tmrw, happy early birthday to the wonderful ! And if I AM on Twitter tmrw, I'll say it then, too.
It's Make Up Your Own Holiday Day! "If you cannot be the poet, be the poem."-David Carradine It's going to be a LATE night finishing paper!
Time to celebrate a virgin giving birth to the son of God by leaving out milk & cookies for a fat guy who rides flying reindeer.
“:I couldn't find enough ratings on Beer Advocate to make an informed decision. Let's wait another month”--Thats a new one!!
ya sal I was
Good evening, Lovelys!
I used the local store-brand of organic/natural. And I've kept the roll in the freezer for slice-and-bake.
Is that a candy? RT : please tell me you know Bohemian Rhapsody!!
welcome new followers
I got you too lol. On Wisconsin!
I can't believe I'm saying this, but I've become a Knicks fan. I'm caught up in the Linsanity.
Amazing things happening! 1. I'm so PROUD of my girls who walked in the Blush of Spring Runway Show this past weekend!
The door on one deal closes- but about to walk thru construction site of possible new deal! So exciting!
I believe ma'am, I just just farted.
romney has shown zero respect for dogs, gays, & women. he only needs to insult hockey & he'll have insulted ALL THAT I LOVE.
Except Wynton/Clapton. That was a mistake.
Happy 18th Birthday to my wife !!
should married men be entitled to at least one girl friend on the side?
Do you know how much it would cost to have a professional clean your windows? Estimate are always free!!
if thiss nigga dont quit making me feel good! *not like that!*
#teachers sometimes can't control the classroom
it really is phenomenal how many people are taking time to donate to such worthy causes!
Happy Administrative Professionals Day!
Thanks for the great article !
We agree. Some people are born with a love for fashion and others like our writer develop it over time.
He's the Christmas Rapist. He rapes on Christmas.
Done!! ": Good morning, #Ward5! A rainy day is still a great day to get out and vote for ! #Ward5se"
YES. I love my icon lol.
