haha & I just laughed together from our separate rooms over that one
this team need phil Jackson next year to go far
I strongly dislike what drugs can do to a person. In the end nobody wins! You become a shadow of what you used to be and hurt others!
It was just a guess. :)
got to get Ud together and playing so we can write the songs first..lol
Haha mad for no reason now that's funny its all good tho ill handle it later
HAWKS WIN<3
At least Ron infected Dale before he left.
I need to go on the diet cause it feel like my heart is about to die. Lol
I'm ridin round & I'm smokin it!!
I did not vote for Taylor Swift...
Thank you again to everyone that came out tonight! We had such a blast! Make sure you follow us on Twitter at
Gettin smack on a Monday
thanks and so are you :-)
I couldn't be happier!...though it's absurd to think that a tweet about the song "Piano Man" shifted the course of our lives.
Listening to Tom Waits sing Tom Traubert's Blues. My God, I'm so moved. What a gorgeous song.
Thanks for making me a fighter.
Thanks for all of the support!
Pray for Sharde-broke her neck diving for a ball and goes into surgery today
O My friend has a 3D printer at his work (manufacturing R&D)
Good for everyone's papers and interveiws at #MLA12!
6 of our recruits will be on campus next Tuesday for assessments and orientation. Working hard this spring, gearing of for the summer..
initiates coverage of $KORS and today
I hope to air it Tuesday. Captures the spirit of human goodness and the hope of the season beautifully.
Kudos sister , winner of the Greek Leadership Class Courage Award at the Greek Awards!
Cause your my bad habbit and I'm quiting yoouu (;
iMac prognosis is grim... looks like the hard drive is a goner.
will Boston score after getting 8 the last game, that's what I wonder
The Steelers numbers have the worst kerning.
Our team is located throughout the world, including our headquarters in Seattle, and our offices in Vancouver, Canada and in Cork, Ireland
I hate dropping my phone on my face. It just aims right for my lip :/
S/o to for being accepted into Bridge Builders!!
Fireworks :P
I am 33. I don't recall seeing so many linemen in one year's class. How did all of the wr's get eliminated during the process?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH JUST REALIZED JOAN GRANDE TWEETED ME !! THANK YOU !!!!!
Heard a rumor: iPhone 5 will be out in June. I have two upgrades on my line. Is it true? wait? Or upgrade to the iPhone 4S! Decisions
Today's gift card winner is DYLAN YOUNG! Congratulations!
lol I still look 20, I was saying that cause time go by fast & waits for noone
REGGAE MUSIC TO THE WORLD
That is why I don't believe in reality.
So wanted to hear your music but due to some connection probleIm I will have to rely on my imagination! Great site, try later
Come outside and look at the cotton candy clouds.
O-H-I-O. That is all.
I heard they were making a new one
Dec.is a great time to reflect, celebrate your successes & start planning for next yr. Can't wait to chat about it tonite!
Seriously, who designs a bolt sticking out a half inch near a pull start cord?
No your just really ugly lmao :p hoe
I hate Miriam for getting that song stuck in my head!
Dickie Simpkins sounds like a dying elephant or some kind of large mammal singing the 7th inning stretch for the Cubs.
woohoo! Nice :) I thought of you the other day 'cause of racing. I wish I could find a cockapoo event because Bowie is SO FAST
I'm pretty sure title XX abstinence prog predated santorums arrival in congress.
all that real butter sure packs it in. But the taste is unbeatable!
#ItsHardTo trust others...
lacking any and all motivation today
Have a great weekend everyone! Come out & dine at the Club... The new menu items are a hit!
Literature is the memory of humanity. --- Isaac Beshivis Singer
Same. // RT : im gonna say not true
Happy Thanksgiving
Freshman year is teaching me how to actually study
“: Harry does not have six toes.”
she doesnt even get on
#sca2012 HistoryPin mission is to foster intergenerational dialogue—er, ie built a site that 16-yr-olds will want to go to and learn from.
Ancient cultures chewed on twigs or roots to clean their teeth.
Astron 6 movies are so great. I like the one that re-imagines Friday the 13th as a silent film with gatsbyish flappers
He is with the shit.
Jobs reports not so rosy, headed over to #USF graduation, to hear how new grads are going to take on the economy - Congrats Bulls!
I approve of this choice :) let's get together soon, neighbor! :)
surprised, right? ;)
haha I don't understand why she's making music to begin with!
Wonder how Cain's new campaign slogan - "Where All de White Women At?" - will play in S. Carolina?
mal don't forget to watch the video that i share in twitter k? :)
sorry 4 the late response. Purchased it from a friend of mine. Not sure what I will end up doing with it.
The fight is not over. U have not won yet. It looks like it is time for ur 2nd wind. Get up. Go hard. The victory is urs. Take it by force
seriously! People just don't know..
I love Kate and Bill from the weekend crew
oh stomach flu, just go away! ...the 3-day weekend is here and i really want to eat more than just plain bagels and water. LOL
Pretty lady!!!!
. 21st century Mother's Day I guess? Hope you enjoyed your day though!
#Reggae legend #JimmyCliff delivers an *amazing* cover of #TheClash's "Guns of Brixton" on his new album
Someone told me.. Ur brain. Heart. And vagina are not on the same page.. He has never been so right...
What did Corso just say?
u c the April issue?
Your welcome (:
(Assuming you're referring to the most recent four-door configuration.)
And so we know and rely on the love God has for us. God is love. Whoever lives in love lives in God, and God in him. 1 John 4:16
I like being difficult with my sisters so they learn to respect me.
": To everyone who went to stevenson in 07.. james brown, the big black kid murdered 4 people... Go google it!"no fucking way!!!!!
So people are punished for liking the opposite sex but it's okay for you to blow & fuck any dick you see ? #makessense #it'seven
Busted my lip.
thats what it said about you on urban dictionary:) its true!
two more tweets and the done till orioles win!!!
Good Work today Trojans! Fight On!
Last day of the Westown Farmer's Market! Let's hope the weather cooperates enough for you to come out and grab lunch, produce & kettlecorn!
Done. Ill let you know when im ready.
Join us each night for the Holidays with nightly entertainment at 6:30 p.m., Sundays at 3:30 p.m., and our Sat at 1 p.m. for hula.
I love u.
#Springtime in #NewYork. Is there anything better?
you and your squad should come to our rec league game!
Now, I remember why Mulan was my favorite Disney movie (after The Lion King, of course!)
My new book about improvisation is going to be published soon. It's been a labor of love and I am really excited. Stay tuned!
I have all the ingredients to make Chai Tea, except milk... is milk a must have? Is that what makes it Chai?
JU Alums come out to November 9th when JU travels to the ! Mark your calendars!
Happy Easter, y'all! Our groom is back from the dead to claim his bride! (:
National Twins Day Today! :) -A
miss you
My stomach doing numbers in need of some cereal
... like dude get your ass of twitter and do you and NO! You don't regret dating someone because you shared something special with someone..
Midtown in the summer does not make my list of favorite things...
Another unexpected evening with the ! Looking forward to Frank on April 7!! Pops or classical = #happy Jacque
Thanks so much!!!!
So this 4S character charges HELLA FAST.
In order to get updates on #focusgroups in #nyc you must register at nyfocusgroups.com and fill out a registration survey
Didn't do track computer went bad keep the soul train moving Maine
Texting at red lights.
lol yes I'm fine, thanks!
haha why Fred? =D
Old Wayne >>>
how are you training for finals in NYC? We recommend carbo loading w/ plenty of shandy cocktails.
Good d pacers
I just now saw that other tweet. :) I seriously have the writing skills of a 6th grader. I don't judge anyone lol
#FF aka me :) the owner of Wear Liberty. new shirt coming soon!
Carlos Gonzalez: Out Monday With Strep Throat
TYVM! RT : Want to learn about caring fo rpets when someone is in hospice care? follow , how awesome are they!!
"I'm Posted Up, Like A Thumb Tack"
cool i bet u and me have something in common
HUH?!?!?! RT ": #Padres announce former Brewers RHP Jeff Suppan will start Wednesday vs. #Brewers ."
We are asking you! What kind of specials would you like to see for September?
There're regional variations in accents of the same language; ES and PT are at least more different than that.
haha oh whatever
you'd have to fight 23 million people for that honor! haha :P
That boston commercial beat
I'm sleepy bro, I'm getting old.
Not to be a hard ass, but can people just let Whitney Houston be dead? And stop trying to profit off her death?
Okay, time to watch a ton of anime. Going to start Sankarea, which will bring my total anime being watched right now to being 33.
<3 i love you for saying that
Thank you, Ann!
Here is a fun one, tell me what do you think is the funniest poker tell that you have noticed someone do at the poker table?
Big bang theory,
My favorite show that I've seen so far at , has been ______________________.
I told the teachers abt the 2012 Bookinaday Int'l Writers Fellowship (Brazil). They "suggested" I start one 4 passionate teachers. Hm
This shift needs to end a.s.a.p.
Monday mischief
What's the latest on the post office issue and the Super Committee?
whoa, rebel!
RT : Minnesota-Duluth has hired Bemidji State's Matt Bowen, son of former UW-River Falls coach Rick Bowen, as head coach.
only follow me please :)
I am T minus 1 hour away from burnout *licks empty can of Red Bull*
The west Allstar team is real L.A.ish lol
you must be in California
my best friend is a "disaster a day" person. i have NEVER met anyone who feeds off disasters and and feels excited when they happen.
Girls gotta eat.
Such a tease ;)
hope heat do the thing
good morning hope you have all you desire today, shine sparkle and continue to succeed good morning
Yes, and your honesty is a great quality about you. It may make some mad, but if one listens and applies==
Man... it has been a shitty day... hopefully it goes better tomorrow ...
is this a regular occurrence in the ATX?
"Marvel's The Avengers" (formerly just The Avengers) is fab-fab-fabuloso. Robert Downey Jr should be in every movie.
Enjoyed ! and thanks for the post-panel chit chat in the shade.
Glad you liked it! It's a good show.
i knoww me too !!! Omg nd i think mikey waz here longer than the rest of the boyz !!
Currently reading Steve Krug's "Don't make me think", on my way to becoming a more usability-aware designer.
Thanks for everythign, VA Beach! We're NC-bound with hearts full of health and bellies full of bagels
If we go we'll look out for her!
#nw impractical jokers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Feelin' hot hot hot with our #salsabar!
There is no reason to break up the Knicks. Just let the team doctors do what their paid for and make another run.
She's a great adopted big sis too! And a good cook too! RT Happy mothers day to the sweetest mom ever <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
DOES ANYBODY KNOW WHERE IS GOING TO BE TODAY IN MIAMI!! I NEED TO KNOW ASAP!!! PLEASE HELP ME YOU GUYS I REALLY NEED TO KNOW
He knows how to talk to the ladies RT : I always wonder how this ugly asshole always pulls the sweetest, most beautiful girls..
Flip flops will be worn in #DC today!
Sometimes having a doughtnut with your morning coffee makes your whole day that much more awesome.
THIS RT : Telling your friends where Lady Gaga is on her #BornThisWayBall even though they don't care...
Jaw is almost healed, excited to start eating real food without pain
Yes! Please do make a visit to Michigan State You need to meet Tom Izzo.
small. #justkidding #badjoke #huge but Kevin hart is small...
Just put my hair down....its a curly stiff mess J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
no. It's real. Flower let 7 in and an empty netter.
Thanks for sharing this review. It was helpful!
~I love the smell of fresh laundry! Its all about the detergent! Loving this...
I see some shit is going down and once again I am a Twitter hipster. I unfollwed Mike Harrington before it was cool to do
They loving the crew
LISA! I miss you too! What is going on in Macy's world since i left!? DM me your # and I'll text ya
In swem for the day
Your next single should be called "dick in a truck." I have all kids of ideas.
Yell at me for... It's just not a good time. No one has a perfect life. If we did, it'd be too easy. Just trust in god.
Williams is the #LeeEvans of the Giant/49ers game
Lime juice and water has helped my sinuses a lot.
I hear you been cheating for your brother, lol loser
In Ths Ohio State Assembly !
Weep for yourself my man you'll never be what is in your Heart....
so glad I could help you!
Downside to breakfast at hotel: didn't do hair. Gorgeous attractive guy shows up.
The banks and post offices are closed, but we're not. Come in and soundtrack your new year on today.
is #Baltimore #funny? The #InverseDelirium #podcast answers with a resounding YES!
You're welcome :D And I plan to ;)
Meet at Barnes & Noble Camp Creek today ! She'l be signing copies of her new book Redefining Diva.
I hear ya RT I just wanna make out and get take out.
Stop teasing me guys RT : 6th street reunion Saturday?
hahaha. Is that what it's called? Yeah, 's little brother is gonna do a 3-minute spot.
Naw silly, I learnt from da fire. I open da windows when I bbq now. RT : Did the smoke get you?
Oh I'll be there for 7/28. And I'm always looking to go to any other games. Helps being in Milwaukee.
Lip service? What kind? O_o RT : O_O RT : "3rd characteristic of a Christian woman is "Lip Service"
awww 8th grade will be awesome for you :)
Yup, passed it on the team too. Thanks Mike.
DOT: All east- and west-bound lanes of Hwy. 14 between Hwy. 138 and Hill Rod. near Oregon closed due to a crash. Likely closed til 8 p.m.
and a 70M lawsuit. How do you think this impacts GE?
i know right
its fine :) you didnt.
Sophie's choice.
Pinterest seems to b mostly populated by sorority girls and mock style guides. Might b good 4 photos of sexy fonts tho
Hope everyone has a great weekend!
Thank you!
Learning about Community Engagement today at the University of MN.
That's pretty close, haha. And yup, I can't think of the last time we hung out, we kinda did at Warped, but not really.
watching the hangover ! <3 good movie. hhaa. :)
We've got big news coming next week. Stay tuned!
oh no.... well there's always #PoquitoMas?
Gotta get in my zone
Occupy Attorneys will be on WORT (89.9FM) at noon tomorrow with me. Call in with your questions 256-2001.
Thanks! Doug is far better at this then he thinks:) We love any opportunity to meet and talk personally about what we are doing!
Thursday night at 10pm. RT 's newest sketch tomorrow night during #BetweenTheSheets 10pm insides the lab
you're the one sucking right now, how's the choking.. Oh wait it's small so that won't be a problem
Saturday Night! Salute is the new spot to get seen and be seen. The great new hot spot. Don't miss out!
MHI to Establish Subsidiary to Handle Industrial Machinery Business ...
The Apocalypse is imminent RT ‘Twins’ Sequel Being Developed as ‘Triplets,’ with Schwarzenegger, DeVito and Eddie Murphy
Need help with college admissions? Contact #TeenLifeLIVE NYC sponsor Dr. Rachelle Wolosoff with College Search Expert!
alrighty then, sir!
&gt; Parmak 902 12-Volt Gel Cell Battery for Solar Powered Electric Fences Get Discount
Our goal today! Get all 503 followers to answer this question! What is your favorite memory of the circus as a kid?
Oh wow....while completely searching for something different, looks like the original future wife is definitely gay
I read a photographer's post about having the card. He would run all his biz expenses through it and hit that number with ease.
I'm sure the wife is thrilled :D
#Boulder PD and FD en route 26th / Valmont on a child stuck in a hole.
RT : Watch #CelebrityApprentice playing for Txt CLAY to 50555 make $10 donation & be part!
"Solid reasoning in an insane mind." - Seth Donahoe
1st Pirate Candidate Out to Steal Spotlight in Massachusetts
Sometimes a one night stand begins with a friend
& I moved apartments this weekend and had no access to internet. Is there still time for us? Please help!
Thanks boss man! RT : HBD Bro!!!
Fuck i meant *can't
OMG. My mom and I were just discussing coming over to see you soon and how we missed you over dinner tonight! So funny! -
omg need to see this
Transition to real estate investor and gaining personal freedom, doing short sales, starting over to build permanent wealth in my life.
#mydumbinjury omg this is great I have tons
#ToDo Buy four pigs. Paint 1, 2, 3, and 5 on each pig. Let them loose in a mall and watch security try to find number 4.
2pm Frist Center for visual arts, Future Break show. FREE.
make sure to follow
Good night :)
So I'm driving in bkfld, tornado is here, no siren that tells me to take cover, I have to find a bkfld cell user?
Packing our bags and getting ready to head out to Salt Lake City!
now following(:
sounds like u
Ughh the rain just brings me down all i wanna do is laydown:/
The saddest summary of a life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have. ~Louis E. Boone
I wish, I wish, with all my heart, to fly with dragons in a land apart. #dragontales :)
RT give me money. buy me perfume or buy me underclothes.
You're welcome! Not just valued - indispensable!
- thanks for the shoutout!
Suns win. Yaya! #go suns.
": Playing Scrabble with and he says XI is a word! Boy, if we weren't married.Some 1 played that w/ me 2. Ugh
Love my cuz: I get home- I have wireless, I can watch netflix on my big tv, he's taking me to trader joe's, there is a muffin on the counter
I'm pretty much a big deal in 36 states across the U-S of A.
I am not sure haha. I think I'll be there Saturday but I'll have to get back to you about sunday
If you need alternative #Gally lodging, I recommend the Crowne Plaza. It's right next door, and could even do lobbycon spillover if need be.
Sitting in traffic on 32 East outside Bativa, OH. Hope we get to see We're hustlin like a mo' fo!
arl should count whiteboards in the Library
Me too! If I had a dog. Which I will soon. Some job openings make me so happy.
Best of luck to and today as they interview for the Editor-in-chief position at The Beacon.
Thanx for the love!“ 09 Dix. Elegant, feminine, delicate... Wonderful expression of Maresh fruit. Beautiful Pinot #wine”
S/o to all the MOTHERS that take care of they're kids!
5 more hours
wow, I'm talking to Devo!
In highschool I wrote piano work with hidden canon & my chorus teacher whose favorite work was 50 Nifty United States (!) called it boring!
I am going to try Rocca delle Macie 2006 Chianti Riserva - this was a gift from a friend of mine. Will let you know what I think
I'm telling you: La Ripley, Disco Revivalist. You'll just have to change your musical tastes and buy new records and so on…
I like Twilight
So tired .. Time for a nap?? #fuckya #naptime lol I will always be a kid at heart <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Missed the 1st seven min of #PrivatePractice. What's up w/Addison and Amelia?
I know it seems like forever from now lol
Good News the Beltline is open again between South Towne and Monona Drive
by the way, ESPN saying Oil Can Boyd "used crack cocaine every day of the 1986 season"
Congrats on the roll-out. Super excited to be a part of the team working with
Milton gets out of a bases-loaded jam in the bottom of the seventh and beats Monroe 10-8 in softball
6 more days at Trinity School...remembering the good times :)
no kidding....
What are you guys up to for Game 4 tomorrow?
come make me shut up lol
man this sucks *sadface
Swag tight...check
Gray's Papaya hot dogs are 2 bux now. So much for the perennial "recession special." I remember being pissed when they raised price to .75
I'm here at
Wanted something out of reach,it's killing me.
oh I am. & Morgan, she's such a little lady lol
I can really relate to this right now. RT What I shouldn't do: nap. What I'm going to do: (you know where this is headed).
its too late now i got my computer taken away AGAIN :(
Totes! Hammond-esque Gore slurring RT : Mitch Daniels is being played tonight by Darrell Hammond.
hihihi i certainly love
The nights i stay up the world is asleep , the nights im asleep the world is awake
stories like this scare the crap out of me. so young, so healthy and athletic.
Austin can't wait to hit the pool... and what's with me I'm sitting here and it's fucking cold -.-
"not good enough for truth in cliche"
Agreed. RT : "...We’d both rather eat poop for breakfast than write/read another movie premiere story" -
Modern air conditioning ruined Hawaii's architecture.
I need to take my ass to sleep but my ass up at a pizzeria getn some mufuhh pizza... GOod aS fUck ThO....
Friday I'm in Love makes me really sad that isn't on the air anymore.
Showing Mo a better way to track cust/prospects. BGR8 Now.
where's the shoot hun???
Sub-zero special. Anyone that comes to the office today (2/10/11) and mentions Twitter can have an adjustment or massage for $10.00
Featured member of the week: Rebecca Harris. Congrats Rebecca!
I should probably get on that...
Morning walk w thanks for my new fav music (as always) to
this sounds like one of those porn movies lmao xD
Brentwood.Leland King scored 30 points
Aw can't believe my older cousin Shawn Wolters is getting married in October!!
Arrreee you ready to ruuumbllleeeee Twitter? You have t-minus 30 minutes to gather your jokes.
Hey maybe #JanetNapolitano will say YES to #MarriageEquality tomorrow when you corner her in the elevator? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
#Lyra12 John Hewitt says there's a lot more to come in technology for MPS.
Good article, thanks for sharing...
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way
nope, still trying. I had an exchange, but still have not received it. was told via email of a price difference, but (1/2)
Bahahaha, I had a few of those! With my tape player...so cool. Then you'd loud talk when someone asked you a question LOL.
Didn't feel like going to school today so I'm sitting home. Hanging with ashlybaby today and hopefully gonna find something to do.
definitely. doubt he's ever kissed anything more than a computer screen. he's probably on twitter right now
My actions may show I don't care, but deep down...I really do...
LMFAO I don't know why but I bust out laughing at that. Now my moms pissed because I woke her up. Thx a lot Chris crocker xD(:
I'll see you in a couple of days ! Can't wait, it's cold here in Chicago!!
Hi Phoenix. I was wondering if you could say hi to me? Since it's my birthday. Thanks.
I donttt waannntt to do this homework .
What's up stranger :-)
Good work watching your game in class!
the advil pm is calling my name......got way 2 much on my mind & heart.....i need a "vacation" asap!!!
Why didn't I think of creating the job rosie on bravo has ????
Have started reading YA books. If I Stay...beautiful prose.
I have a vision of SEMF being a premier destination 4 people all over the world We put on a safe, quality and affordable event
wow gotta luv bing! thank you guys you rock the internet
I think Splitter should make every other free throw just to live up to his name.
gun fire QA: my airsoft gun broke is there a place i can get it repaired? !
yeah it's always fun to do math homework on a Saturday afternoon.
I just earned the Statesman badge on #Yelp!
thats true but i doubt any team will do that. at least i hope
the price we pay to be "The Man" on & off the ice...Haha!
prolly not till summer if you still out there.. i keep thinking u in the in N.O for school.
How does one run into a fire engine? Kind of hard to miss...
I think imma need to shed a few lbs when I get home. And I ain't talkin bout weight.
why must you be such a douche?
you're really pretty and not to be a complete creeper but if you really live in grand rapids i go there all the time :P haha
ah you're the best! you can email it at
Who will win, Grizzlies or Clippers in game 6?
Overload of #STL sports at the momrnt... #cardinals & #stlblues... it's getting roudy in here!
MaryJane is my girlfriend, but I'm still looking for a boyfriend
Agree about reading anything but... Rand's work puts me in mind of a Dorothy Parker book review...
haha ok ill teach you soon
About to watch inception. Hope it lives up to the hype
Not going to lie. I honestly love new videos. They are awesome(:
Happy Halloween!
Happy mexi day guys ! Drink up that jose cuervo<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
what type of help?
C'mon , BEAT THE HEAT!
is opening for Nickelback! Just kidding... They're opening for us.
Chris Brown-Another Round <3
I love yu2
would you please blow shit up with me??! ;);) <333
oh I thought that that was Justin's hand.
How R U Ms. H? Hve not seen U n awhile.
question is not only where the jobs are, but where are to good quality jobs.....
I hope I fit into this somehow
whats good wit you
Sorry about that! xP We didn't mean to unfollow you, our twitter has been acting up lol
hope no one saw that! MT : I kept thinking digital dualism, digital dualism. Had to stop yelling at radio.
I had a wonderful day i went to the waterpark with My family and Antoinette and Cami and we said funny and weird things to the life gurads~!
<U+200E>#Marathoners! 10miles this Sun. starting @ Arizona & Ocean in Santa Monica. That's a lot of miles! Good luck!
Ha-ha! Yeah, jk. I listen to u every a.m. on way to work, my friend. My dog, too
Failure if it is chasing you will run you into success!
“: Aggressive send there by #Brewers Ed Cedar.” ...that's Sedar to you!
I hear you, and the same is true down here. PhD and research is coming along well-almost done with my advancement paper. (yea!)
Light Weights Are Just as Good for Building Muscle, Getting Stronger
Forget the Golden Globes! I'm about to record Episode 42 with the Chattanooga crew!
The handwriting in Downton Abbey is fabulous.
Watching my kids get ready for their new school is priceless! To be young again...
The brother killed it! Stanley Jordan is a true musical genius. Again, I recommend you check out his show at Catalina Jazz Club.
let's go next week on one of my days off !!!
just read your phone article. So basic and so true. When people have all the answers they are untrainable. Too bad
I LOVE MEG RYAN!!! They say he's secretly married to Meg Ryan! Jack & Diane vs. Harry & Sally!
RT I've got butterflies before this game. I can only imagine what #LBSU feels like taking the court against New Mexico.
I just wish you weren't so attractive. Girls will like never leave you alone.
maybe he is offended by dildos. Bad experience maybe???
That's why I stick w/ ur program! Kickin' it up to #TurboFire advanced cardio this week
I can never tweet anything without making fun of me.
About to sadly board a flight home - I'll miss you P.R.
shut out the spankees at spankee stadium and take the series 2-1! On to Boston to sweep the dead sox! Let's go o's!
fortunately the game is over now... for some reason it was on espn..? i thought espn was for sports. i guess not
Callaway: A number of key regulatory differences exist between payday loans and bank #directdeposit loans...
What's wrong with notch? I haven't paid that close of attention to him in the past. His last day was Fri. so I'll know soon. :)
If someone whispers a word of encouragement or attempts to understand a lonely person , extraordinary things begin to happen - L Firzarris
do it man
fresh italian bread, pastrami,coleslaw, tomatoes,frenchfries - tear into that bad boy.
Building the set today! Hope this Rapture stuff doesn't get in the way of our show opening next week.
From the #pinebeetle to the #carp and now the #snakefish, Stop introducing these things into our natural habitat!! #reallyfuckingthingsup!!!
Thanks for the follows!
probably my favorite tumblr out there. Maybe what the profession needs is: Librarians. Where they do not belong.
$500 dollar offering per person. thank you -Pastor.Adams
Argghh! So sorry. Thanks for letting me know.
Great place! I'm having mine there too !!
definitely outside of my comfort zone
Disney Bets on &#39;The Avengers&#39; After &#39;John Carter&#39;
avi sick were the picture come from m.jordan look wasted
Forgot to mention
Happy birthday to my dad and my bestfrand Sebrina<3
YEs, actually !:) and thank you !
even if no one comes tomorrow, I will still be coming, because you guys rock me so hard.
is max b really denied??
Hey you.. Looking for professional business cards? Contact us today. 500 business cards & design for $80 Contact us for Info | 4074864387
may #chang have mercy on your soul! Love #community!
Have fun chillen. :)
HA that was a great beggining to camp rock 2 XD nick is so funny XD ahahahahah I love it :D and there is a mouse in my wall O_O
Nice process post on long boards from Mike Hoping they'll do a calendar next, check out that last img;)
The Austrian Embassy in DC has an AMAZING Falco shrine. AMAZING.
i'm extraa saldyy about to download her new song. dang, it's not out yet :/
oh stop it :p lol
Took Jackie to the dentist to get last of 4 teeth pulled, what a trooper. She doesn't look that happy right now
Lol Who Lies About Being In A Coma ? SomeBody Please Tell Me ! Lol She Dumb .
Obviously David Arquette is sober but still crazy.
watsup night owl?
Would it be ethical to protest a 7 for 7 trade in a keeper league on principle alone? It's just silly.
Make urself happy first.
Indeed. Although Emily Dickinson managed to go without an audience a damn long time.
“: When they try to kiss you with a dip in. #disgusting #SouthernProblem” see !!!
Yes What time?
well I bet it would for a beautiful girl like yourself
all day every day
i'll probably get to it around 3 once the hangover subsides ;)
Oh, you sag your pants down to your ankles? Yes, your swag is unbelievable.
Be positively expectant about this day, and create a new opportunity for yourself-you have special talents and gifts that need to be shared…
Building Muscle – Top 7 muscle building exercises | Skin Care tips
Come get TOxic with on Party 95 right now!
We have a mostly working version that uses jQTouch (acquired). We think a jQuery Mobile version would be fairly easy to do now.
Had a fantastic day in breck playing beer pong and hanging out with interns at the cabin!
Just had a wonderful conversation with about getting some for MK. So excited to transform our walls!
Needs a fun place for dinner in DC that can accommodate a group of 20 without charging me for a private party...ideas?
“: just said she wear Jordan Heels.”|lairr
Since I have yet to hear back from and its been 4 weeks, endless calls and emails.. can yall suggest a similar site?
"You know that Harry Styles guy that you want to love and marry?" Oh my sister.
An offseason we talk about in twenty years hopefully.
- thanks for the props and shout out to - once you have app, love to hear what you think
You will not believe what a pizza chain is putting in it's pizza... okay, maybe you will. That's in a few minutes on Wake Up.
Tried one-upping Joe Johnson. RT Pierce is 3-4 to start this game. Why does Rondo constantly give up layups?
Isn't amazing how different the father and son are...yet great in their own ways?
For you: if I could I would and if I can't I'll try my best to make it possible.
I can never let go~
That just makes me upset!!! They're Blocking and distracting from the Real Beauty!!! lol
Lets give the cats a welcome home #BBN style! #gocats!!!!
Unless the heat gets the best of me, I'm looking forward to some free fun tonight: taking the to AVAM's Flicks on the Hill!
yo con laura :D
That's a WHOODEY!
It's crazy what happened this past year.. i lost all but 4 people.
RT : #rsda12. Seyfarth. Over a trillion dollars in loaned maturing. 2012 largest level of maturing loAns since downturn
Just got my new powerzone T-shirt!
Does anyone know of a livestream I can get for the USA game tonight...I'm going to be at work...
I didnt like last season, so Im hoping this one's better.
not really. Garnet is past his prime. Do that to a toucan and then I'm impressed.
Tribune and DIRECTV come to an agreement ending four-day blackout.
Supposed to take a 50 min nap.. Instead I sleep for 2 hrs Welp guess I'm not falling asleep tonight
Why is ur last tweet in June? C'mon, ur better than that.
RT : SCAwards Best Enterprise Firewall goes to
I think I have a buddy crush on Dale Thayer. Like it would be real fun to hang out with that guy. Play GoldenEye on the N64.
Really thanking God for the amazing people He has brought into my life. I have spectacular friends. Last night was life changing.
Green Mountain is the best K cup coffy!
re: SM reaches non-academic audience - this speaks to notion that "SM is a low level discourse." T/F?
": It's going down at We got on the 1's & 2's." U get all the good dj's
You're finally using WordPress for the blog--yay! P.S. The link to the Emanate/Topaz release is broken.
When my sister thinks shes stronger than me>>>
much appreciated!!! RT : S/O these v necks in the shoe box are SO nice
Liking that 933 is only playing beastie boys right now. Paul revere just made me sad, the first song I ever learned all the words too.
switch to spotify miss...pandora is weak sauce
This place is jumping. Get down here #Baltimore. We party hard
they gone on a fishing trip
snowing again up in Summit County! Supposed to do this for the next 48+ hours! We can only hope!
I wonder when Cody will announce his spring mall tour dates...?
So what if I sang "Bye Bye Bye" by N*Sync last night for karaoke?! It's a classic! Don't hate :)
yes I do know the secret bahahaha!!!
i just need somebody to love
may be my fav person on twitter. I get to live all these fun LA moments before I even get there :)
Twisted Blues leads off the new album from Blew me away! Don't know how I missed this artist before, but glad this finally found me.
Already did that. (Good thing I never much used it.) RT Dammit. *uninstalls instagram*
I'm hungry. Its days like today I wish someone would just make me a lunch. I always was bewildered at mothers who did that for their kids.
meetings for restoring the Rivoli Theatre are first Wednesday of each month, 6pm, 2nd floor of the Boner Center. Open to all!!
A glove or as some people think dirty. A condom.
“Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength and with all your mind.” Luke 10:27
"Don't Bore Us....Get to the Chorus!"(HitMaking 101) - David Grohl/Foo Fighters
where does he live
No, I haven't. Must go investigate!
what up playboy. Hit me at 901-502-4878
and it tastes god!
Oh and Romney does right. He used to bully gay kids. He's openly said he's against it.
There is a whole bunch of Mana Tapping going on down at Ares Wargames, come join the fun... You know Liliana and Garruk would.
And sometimes there is good news
": Finish this sentence: I'm happiest when I'm…." Moving forward towards my dreams, w/ friends.
I think every couple should own a pet together before they have kids. this is an eye opener to the parenting styles you will have!
Have a sick wee one at home today. I would like to thank science for infrared thermometers.
Hey Ariana !!! Please tweet me. I'll be the happiest guy ever, and you'll make me happy forever :) its all I want please! Xoxo
good point about black coat color and hot weather! I did wonder re humidity there. Chgo was chilly but clear, good 4 running.
always make sure your license plate lights are working, cuz cops brake them when your not watching so they can have a reason to stop you
Missing St Louis. Watching the World Series reminds me of all the things I loved about living in that city. Go Cards!
Gotta love and his bigotessss
thank you now me and have a new nickname for her
Hope all of my former Ryder co-workers in Mexico are safe after the earthquake.
If you could play every song on PVC pipe, why wouldn't you?
Risk assessment is the determination of quantitative or qualitative value of risk related to a concrete situation and a recognized threat.
Since when does my account unfollow people? Uh oh.
Off to the Hudson whiskey tasting at ! Yum!
Prom tonight! Excited doesn't even describe how I'm feeling right now :)
that's the spirit!!
Hey, it's your birthday & you're bat shit crazy. So here's some vodka, now drink up baby!
Blake I am still on follow limit & can't follow. Keep me in touch & I'll keep checking, OK
“I never regret it when I do it, but I always regret it when I don’t.” °— Devin McDonald Vinson
I KNOW. then i made a mistake of reading an interview with winston and watching a whole bunch of videos.
that's good but I'm still not looking forward to it.
pretty excited that started following me today! I still haven't gotten my picture taken for the All in due time! :)
when has the President vilified wealth? Please identify one statement of his that does so?
haha girls have the same problem -.-
Slice of the Week Bay View: cheddar, bacon, red onion and spinach!
": Sometimes I hate you, sometimes I love you."
Guy from Other Books wants 2 make sure we librarians r aware that Boyle's The Absolutist has "homosexual themes." Umm, we're ok with that!
Bourne: needs OA killer apps to exemplify what we can do with the content.
911 memorial coverage local orlando, ch9 cut to comercials, ch 2 nothing channel 6 a little better but not by much How soon they forget!
Nathan, you're at 900 followers!!
If it can happen to the digital experts, it can happen to anyone!
Don’t forget your Right Hand THIS Wed 4.24 for Admin Professional's Day. Treat them to the amazing meal that they deserve
Did you catch MDB’s latest Nostalgicon feature, The Energizer Bunny? Care to guess who’s up next?
I can't believe my birthday was 2 months ago!!
That annoyed moment when your tweet feed is cluttered with lovey dovey shit and you have nothing from your own bf #donewitchu:(
Literally right after my tweet about how boring this game was it starts to finally pick up!
People of Falls Church City! City Council Elections are tomorrow. Get out and vote . . . . and when you do, vote for William Henneberg!
Holy shit. Charles Taylor's prexy campaign slogan: "He killed my Ma, he killed my Pa, but I will vote for him." I'm dumbfounded.
Selling houses and taking names.
bored. and i feel ugly. wooooho.
You have no idea how happy that makes me! Talk about some positive reinforcement today with ! :)
Oh I know, I'm not picking a fight LOL. I enjoy intelligent argument. (:
I promise you if you go see Think Like A Man you will LOVE it! it was so good!! im deffinetly going to see it again!!
Looking forward to seeing you at #FCA2012 & // Be sure to stop by our booth ... we have a huge announcement!
Be on the lookout for a VIP ticket contest around 3pm today, run by our friend ! We'll post more info then.
Ughgh this gurl at Rita's didn't wash her hands but went to make my icce oh no sweety
Sunday, we return to Commercial Taphouse--10pm FREE and ALL AGES!!!
After 11-11-11, today feels a little like the day after Christmas.
Time to hit the gym
The Grammy Awards show is my favorite awards show to watch all year <3
At Slow Club restaurant San Francisco
is his mother a white hispanic or black hispanic?
Anyone wanna win two free tickets to an upcoming show with us and Jamie Lono AND backstage passes to hang with us and him? Contest soon!
RT : I need a burrito in my life pronto.
No, but maybe it is that fantastic glow you have!
Good Morning Twitter Fam!
Love it here!!
omg chad is at steak n shake!!!
What are the best tv shows, and movies of this year of 2012?
So Mahlon Mitchell is Pres of Professional Fire Fighters of Wisconsin & the Milwaukee Professional Fire Fighters endorsed Kleefisch? Ouch.
dont forget to check out my new music at www.myspace.com/tajahsworld
Fuck a relationship
Looking forward to seeing what's new on the dinner menu, !
Gotta love the parity in the NHL. You can have a losing record and still make the run at the cup. You would never see this in the NBA.
it's always good to muck with the content and the application right before the demo right?
Another Early Show then home to repack and off to Ocala!
Has Teague ever shot a layup left handed
you dusting off the old credit card to take the guys from to St.elmo's?
Let's not blame the entire game on Joel Ward.. He has feelings too..
Sometimes I pretend that I don't care. But really, I care more than anyone else ever will.
Work ethic and makeup are off the charts. Wants to win badly, and is a great teammate. Falcons got a great value. Re: Ewing
RT Jaimie Cloud will be speaking about sustainability in education, Fri in Mayo @ 11:30. Join the convo at
hey christian:) how are you?
you were at comiccon? How did I not know this?
Wis. unemployment rate improves in Dec., but loses 3,900 jobs. Dems blame Walker, Republicans note job increases over past year
Ended up finding a couple pairs but it was on my tenth try so I couldn't be choosy.
Got Money and you know it, take it out your pocket and show it, then throw like, this a way, uh-huh, that a way, uh-huh!
I really wish I was at least 23 right now
The final of 4 exhibit openings for “For Nevada With Love” is tonight, 6 p.m. @ Sundance Books.
I've learned that no one can say anything to make something better.. we just have to make things better ourselves.
We Maybe Miles Apart, But Yuor Always In My Heart
Adenoidectomy Video (HD)
Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail.- John Donne
Do we have any evidence that The Simply Curious or The General Public actually exist as a user group? You bet!
I've learned that people will 4get what u said,people will 4get what u did, but people will never 4get how u made them feel. Luv U Tweeters
rock star? RT #VMworld presentation entry: do I put Speaker Type as Blogger/Partner/? ?
dnt give up on my bulls
Vic Gundotra on curation/opengraph: 'There is a reason why every thought that comes into your head does not come out of your mouth...' :-)
I don't want to be a circus freak anymore
Only at a PMP concert would there be a painted Star Wars themed backdrop behind me
Been there, done that, messed around.
Mapping out the day at createbaltimore# it's gonna be good
ahah yeah . Heard there gonna be hella girls over there
Am so bummed that I missed #THATCamp today at
One follower away from 100...
#Trivia Tuesday warm up! Which actor from a popular MTV show turned down a role on #SNL? Remember, #Trivia starts at 8pm.
#MyFavoritePhrases "Look what ya did ya little jerk!"
Good luck beating Boston, breakfast :P
Does AJ have shares of this Socialcam thing? It won't let me watch the vid unless I download the app. Hm
THAT DUDE IS CRAZY.... Thank god most of us have more sense to know the bible and REALITY is far from that!
Prop table with a glass of wine ... You Don't Bring Me Flowers ... sans Babs.
totally! can't wait for the beta test drive :)
"What's your nationality?"
If you get a tesla, we are having a muscle car vs tesla race. Most random race ever.
Thanks for the #followfriday notice!
Study on the beach??? Why not :)
i just dont know what to do anymore
Classy move right there.
Don't you want to stay here a little while?
I don't get why I'm goin to school if tomorrow is Friday
I thought I was the only one... There is comfort now.
Lots of NEW Wire-O Journal designs available at your local Barnes & Noble NOW (look in the bargain section)!
People who are UNIQUE
WISHING U AND UR FAMILY MUCH LOVE ON THIS PASSOVER...........
#FeelBetterAustin Love you :)
Thank you for putting a donation box for the Indiana AIDS Walk & Ride in your Mass Ave. store. We appreciate you !
We are now delivering for Which Wich & Texadelphia!
Nice morning about to begin in working on the storyline for Hopeville
It might not be tomorrow! ;)
Silent House :O
LOVE IT!
RT : Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle yeah! // :)
RT : Just heard it! Crazy good! RT : Congratulations on the release of your sophomore album!
why you say that
OH: "Oh look, a speculum!"
Remember when you covered 's father's "Summertime"? Your cover was hip and cool
Just paid off my credit card for the first time
Isn't there one on Harford already, and a 24 hour Walgreens as well?
BIG thanks to Collaborative for Enterprise Development & for awarding investment checks to 4 entrepreneurs at Flex Fund!
One woman told me: "I don’t like snakes. Even the ones that men have attached to their bodies.”
lmfao. From what I've been told I did hahaha
"He could've stuck that if he knew some #IndieMusic"You don't need to know #Indie, you just need to name the more obscure band
Book hangover (that's when you read a book the night before, and still feel it in the morning).
Coincidentally, I'm wearing my "The Fred Sanford Memorial Museum" tote. Sanford & Son aired on NBC from '72-'77.
This guy will not leave!!!!!
watching the sun rise anywhere else >>>>>>>>>
TONIGHT THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT/ POOL PARTY IS AT CLUB FUEGO! COME JOIN OVER 1000 TEENS! LINE STARTS AT 6PM! $10 COVER CHARGE BEFORE 8PM!!
For most salon owners thinking up salon marketing ideas can be a thankless chore. Is it for you?
#Celebrate the #stayhomereadball with ! What will you #read?
I still feel like we.played pretty well despite the loss. We'll make the right adjustments and come back strong.
Sippin on a 40 oz....of water! Life in, life out!
Going to #NY tomorrow for the #Artexpo fair! Who is going? Will be there Thurs-Fri.
will someone explain to me why rubbing candle wax on guitar strings to mellow them out also makes them stay in tune much better than before?
Happy that the NY teams: NY Yankees, NY Rangers.. lol even the Mets won. I can care less for the Lakers. I ain't from LA Haha
This may be my last post ever. Bye! Just in case...
If your dog or cat is vomiting frequently bring in for exam.
in my house. Trying to stay away from you o.o
leadoff guy who can't bunt = chavez. Or do anything else a leadoff hitter or MLB player does.
DJ Chucky Chuck's Night Out this Saturday Night after the FunkFest In Orlando @ The Amvet!!!! Doors open at 9 PM!!!
I always smudge!
On way to school grr lol
You are so welcome! Keep up the great work!
Jealous that I cant be at the sold out Portlandia live shows in DC.
But it's so FKN good I have to eat it all!
I'm following just to piss her off. Muahahahahhahahaa
": lllllllmmmmmmmaaaaaoooooooooooo you guys are funny ;>)" O! Bianca said the A word!!!!!
"even though our love will never be bonded together, i'll still love you forever." what doesnt kill you makes you stronger. keep going
EXTENDING BOSTON RESTAURANT WEEK through August 28th
Feed the soul, starve the ego.
Someones playing a game with Stubhub on Devils Rangers tickets. $11 tix on sale for less than a min, others start at $200! Need $11 tix
The only thing between me and yo bitch is a latex
Go you! I'm about to do the same. Lotsa work to do. Happy writing!
you are a fan, you don't have fans and don't need to have a follower of the month or whatever. its stupid and I'm judging you
I chose a weird day to watch Glee ...
"Trouble" by will be spun by my goodfriend on the roofs of greektown this weekend. Possibly a scratch mix too. Haha
#Overheard at the #canyouwalkaway exhibit: "I never even knew stuff like that still existed."
I might just watch a Disney classic tonight. Which one?
i woke up this morning to niggas on my roof with hammers, breaking shit, im finna go out side with that bullshit, i just went to sleep
Need to dig out some good soup recipes: Potato Leek or Orzo Chicken Soup?
Who's Got Your Back event is a great opportunity to bond with your work team #wgyb thanks definitely buying the book now
“: It's Tuesday n I wanna get out hm I wonder if wanna go to tonight” come on down.
She said SOME. Do you know how to read? And yeah, Beliebers ARE involved in this drama like they always are.
Lib lefty corporate #msm soon will have to start calling out Mitt Romney on out and out lies...won't they?
Best of luck to our Juilliard Jazz students who are doing their Juries this week!
It's so funny when people run to class..
#NBA All-Star festivities and the #Oscars = great tv weekend.
Elena, a Russian movie about the haves vs. the have-nots. Beautiful, some perfect dialogue and relationships portrayed.
At the orthodontist.....:/
Can you follow me i just followed you!!!!!!!!!!
can I have your practice jersey? Please?
"Love of beauty is Taste. The creation of beauty is Art." -Ralph Waldo Emerson :) Lovely Sunday morning to our beloved clients & followers!
I think library space is like highways. The more you build, the more it gets taken up.
We're doing the bone dance you dance and you learn it again and again 'til you get it right
haha & ur warning us on twitter? #ThatsSoRaven of u :p I actually don't mind it, its easier to view everything
Debating if I want to make meatballs or not
Hi Kate, I can't get your blog to load. It says there is a problem with the syntax. Just wanted to let you know! -Amanda
Always lovely to see you RT On my 4th meeting today & it's only 11am!! Love days like this!!
I work the night shift this week 3:30pm to 11:30pm. Boss told me to pick which day I want off. I'll take tomorrow stick! MIA vs NY
Only grad school makes me feel both confident and insecure simultaneously...as well as cool and nerdy. It's a strange place...
it's not to late!
A wise said when things are going well bask in it lol.
So bummer I missed you today . I'll see you soon!!! xx,B
Omfg why is Angelica so fing beautiful. I wanna be her
I love acting like I don't hear things.
April fools..?
excited to offer lopsided trades and get indignant when they get [rightfully] denied
I have a lot of links and references for Social Media Network analysis. Email me!
Did I hear you have an idea for a show??
good point, I hear Mexico City is lovely in November. I'll just need a few AK's and a bullet proof car.
Thank you!!
Congrats on win and making the playoffs
Why do boys always take things so seriously?
Hollywood bound! show tonight!
I believe there is a generational divide among Black ppl when it comes to LGBT issues. No wonder sum their churches look empty these days.
i like the show tanked they make the best tanks
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 330
#Scoutblast in Lawrenceville was a blast! It was really incredible this year - a huge improvement over last year! Had a great time!
Empowerment comes from within. But it is by learning strategies that you are able to stay the course.
Headed to basketball practice
...worship can never be a performance, something you’re pretending or putting on. It's got to be an overflow of your heart..." -Matt Redman
several yrs ago I have.
Ginger Snap Crafts: stenciled outdoor side table {tutorial} + ...
There is just something relaxing about hitting balls at the driving range, alone..I needed that.<U+26F3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Get the excitement of a game and pleasure of a win. Useful product line is available at incredibly low prices....
haha u dumb
very much looking forward to 's talk tomorrow morning. Thanks to for bringing him to #DePaul!! #videogaming,
Special Love for those of you who shared PRAYERS, downloads, personal stories, medical advice, & forwarded "Mama Dream"
Movie and a beer, Michael Connelly's Lincoln Lawyer and an old favorite White Rascal! McConaughey, you wiley minx!
I still like the thought that the Astros are going to the AL West and will be reaching their prime when Texas finally falls off
I mean super distant right.
pacer nation buddy, congrats on the playoff birth, you've meant so much to this team and community we hope your a pacer forever!
This dude ova here talkin bout he get the YUTT aha, Ooh do you now??
It is to bad beer and watching sports isn't on that infographic!
which one
yo dudes is on Leno tonight
Soo excited my Patriots are in the Super Bowl!!! Anyone with me? Or against me? hehe
Gonna give a wedgie when I see him
Mexican food, why can you no has small portion size
looks like we are still on for lunch with on Tuesday! Woo hoo! ^ds
YO! Text me back I gotta ask you somethin fooooo!
I bet Paul McCartney's pissed he doesn't have any grandkids named Vera, Chuck OR Dave.
Attention, Hoosiers. Careful with those spray tans. The line between sexy and oompa-loompa is thin and easy to cross.
for that I will add your email to every daily deal site on the planet :)
hunger games movie!!!! Ah who is in it?!
Mad at Y100 right now 2 bad songs in a row, bo
Pink eye fantastic -____-
are you going to Cambodia? Its my favorite place ever! The New York times just did a piece on it in their Travel section 3/4
And now i am, at 1 a.m. Thanks. :P RT : And now I am too. RT : Suddenly craving a cookies and cream shake.
Best thing about Thursday is that tomorrow is Friday
LOL yo I feel that!!! RT : It sounds like fuckin RIO outside!!!
I mean I didn't want to have to say anything but I would prefer to not have to look at your arm hair.............
But aren't we used to it by now? Doesn't the witch hunt vibe almost define games as the future? It's a good thing.
Loved you once. Love you still, always have, always will <U+E328>
the funny thing about facebook is you can talk about one person and it makes 20 others think it's about them
This looks like a 2k score..with a first time player on Hall of Fame.
so I never made it for beignets, mother's po boy got the best of me! next time!
well wtf did i do then?
#FOLLOWMEKIANLAWLEY if not ill drop dead
Time to walk Buddy, our miniature dachshund - gets 3 walks each day - rain, snow, or sunny days! What a life . . . wish I had it!
I guess prices have to go down to keep up with the economy
I don't see josh in the finals but maybe colton.
Looking forward to seeing you here in NOLA, former boss!
it happens >.<
m, gotta pick one. Early party them maybe back to your place latenight?
$$$$..i think u know what im getting at...smile
HVAC Maintenance will extend the life of your equipment and will help with the correction of small problems before the system collapses.
where you going next?
ILY you are real funny but you speak the truth
Watching American Idol :)
Time for the tribe to win another series.
the fact that lisps are symbolic is one of the more useful, and yet most overlooked features of that family of languages
Mini twist takedown has commenced.
RT : Rest in peace ETTA JAMES
I'm not an asshole, I'm just honest. If you look like a whore in your picture that's exactly what I'll comment on it.
The Great Champion: He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty; and he that ruleth his spirit than he that taketh a city." Pr.16:32
I don't know why I just got a press release for "Momagers," but I WOULD HAVE THOUGHT OF A BETTER PORTMANTEAU FOR THEM IF THEY'D ASKED.
he should have thrown, never understand the decision not to throw unless injury related
Goodbye (for now), New England.
what? we're donating organs to facebook? they already have all my personal information and my soul.
Pumped for jax tomorrow!!
The Cville Municipal Band gives their 90th (yes, 90th) annual spring concert on Tues, 8pm. FREE, at Dickinson Auditorium at
How do you get people of disparate interest and backgrounds to come together? Give them something fun and constructive to do together.
damn pimpin we gotta chop it up before u go ma dude
F2F (NOLA) attendees get free access to the Virtual Conference archives after July 18
We will always love you! RIP
Challenged with Deleuze disdain for human/pet relationships, Manning responds "I have cats, so I have to disagree with Deleuze"
Did he really?
No, stop that :)
ha ha ! Let's hope we don't get the dreaded double jinx.
You're still around, so that means something.
because they used Disc Cloners Plus, Inc. for their DVD duplication?
It's all or nothing. We are gonna lay it all on the line today girls. State. State. State. Let's win state!
your such a sweet heart <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
There's just something about the song Enchanted by that makes it so magical. It's one of my favorite songs of all time. <3
I love it when an interviewer gives an interviewee just enough rope…yes, I am talking about you.
Hello twitter. How u all doing??
I'm such a bad texter-backer sometimes. My friends deserve better, I'm sorry!
have great night training I'm cheering for you!
Im at the moms crib
Radio Song by R.E.M.
Mr Big Shot
Preparing for weekly CRM project team conference call...excited abt launching Phase II technology upgrade...
God how do I think of this stuff it's gold.
Lady Gaga or yours truly?
Motorola is reviewing inside v outside spend by practice area and creating strategies to reduce costs.
BIG PARTY TONIGHT AT THE MAC BAR TRUST ME EMPHAMOUS B WILL BE IN THE BUILDING
avoid the seams. if the shoes r good (1st bravo on picking an excellent shoe) then the stitching is re-enforced.
Did you see Gomez throw out Gordon on that SB attempt? And what a tag by Gomez. And Gomez just struck out Kemp.
When you have a junk-food craving, down a glass of water immediately. You feel full quickly and avoid the calories.
I have the same goal. Good luck.
Not only do we know God through Jesus Christ alone,but we do not even know ourselves except through Jesus Christ. Blaise Pascal.
Glad we can help.
Yes how have you been?
MODELING AGENCY, ARTIST DEVELOPMENT, SPECIAL EVENT PRODUCTION, PUBLICITY CONSULTATION: ALL in 1->>> TKO ENTERTAINMENT---> add
haha we'll just have to see about that.lol.
Too true. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> RT : Nights that end with taco bell, usually make the next morning start with taco bell coming out your end.
I wanna do ya dirty
wednesday nite got drunk w/white chapel & my boys after show sal of uabb and steve stm got all fukd up & got in a fight some1 stole my stuff
": I don't matter if i can't sing, whenever and wherever 1D's playing i'm proudly gonna sing."
Congressman Sensenbrenner is pushing his REAL ID scam again. If you would like to join the opposition coalition, I can put you in touch.
And the pregnant girl is dressed like a slut. Guess she didn't learn her lesson.
this is where you earn your stripes....last 5 mins of game 7 hockey...
All right all right all right, Lol (Kevin Hart)
i hve #FCAT on tuesday ha ;p
Thank you Ms Marcy! I hope you are doing well!
I know! I'm hype 4 it lol
I love this part of the night. An empty stage waiting for us to own... We're at jacks tonight. 9:30 -dg
Dear HS Self: If you become a librarian sooner rather than later you will save yourself a lot of $$ in overdue fines.
hahaha...that's awesome!
Please excuse me while I call out some people lol
I buy far too many books for the reader I wish I was. I tend to buy but not read biographies and classics. Lots of them.
(( oh don't worry.... if she freaks out, she wont show it at the house. Lol she's still getting used to things. Lol ))
Loving Rick Santorum is loving Christ. Believe in Rick Santorum to earn a spot in Heaven with Him (Christ lol)
Time to get some rest. Pressure washing on the strip late tonight. If those strip solicitors stay out of my way it would be nice.
oh good! I'm ready to play a game with someone I can soundly beat!
Gonna go get make some shirts with Autumn ;D
I hear you on that! Writers will always run into writers' block...don't like it when it happens though.
brittney bear!! You look BEAUTIFUL.
Why do people take photos in the nastiest places? Have some class, that's just disgusting
one could divide people in this world into two categories: those who would make mama cass fat jokes and those who would not
bout to work out
OOPS I mean 10:30pm, coming up, on LIVE on KIRO 7
#protopeeps tell me what you think of the new
I have to lodge an official complaint. The championship cup has a leak! Half of the champagne is gone!
also they make us play with $10 and $100 chips because all the $5 chips being used in other games
Hey fus what exactly does pups tactical processor do?
suckers of dicks.
followed :) can u give us a shoutout?x
It you uncover a legitimate complaint, address it with poise. Expect to make mistakes. Pick your battles. Spend time well.
Do you have that wonderful Christmas Wine again this year??? ;)
um you are the sexiest thing alive.
- cool. You moved out, I moved in. I'm in #eastie now, was in Allston Ghetto for 3 years.
The only way to take America back to THE PEOPLE & away from WALL STREET is to take away their weapon - MONEY.
OH, wait. We're really buying a tricycle and riding it to the beach? FUN! We gon get ran over!
Others may value your work. But don't let them decide what box to put u in. Define your talent and stick to it. Amen! Can I get a retweet!
When are you starting?
I would be bitching too if I was a #Lakers fan. #Heat haven't been outscored by 30 in all both their losses combined
i am
A new film that documents an infamous event in Chicago (I saw it from a Wrigley-adjacent rooftop) that counters the "friendly confines"...
the ref. librarian I interviewed told me I would never be rich or respected, but would have an interesting job. Hm...
I have read your column regularly throughout the season. Good Work!
Send in your design ideas before a school wide site introduction.
I love Vincent's hat. Especially his superman hat. Lol :D
Look closely at your surroundings.
well meh. Why would that interest me?! hahah but he is coming to Indy. July 29th!
America losses it's triple A rating for the 1st time in history, Obama change you can believe in. Feeling it yet?? www.bruzzesiforpres.com
good luck to shabazz, he will be a great player no doubt
will sandy be staying too? :D or
Found the courthouse for the Motion Hearing, Acosta et al vs.Huppenthal et al.
Hey Gang! We updated our menus with some great new items. Check out the Vegan Macaroni and Cheese, or the Comet Cuban! Available now!
Hey tweeples! What do you think the #biscuits record will be this year?!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, ! Celebrating w/Dora in #217 WE <3 cuz he's the best Mascot in BBall!
how are you liking your BO food? I'm giddy about it! :)
www.youtube.com/180filmsnetwork or www.180films.com
Tmrw on our blog: Suzanne Lummis narrates the journey of a pot from the hands of its creator Nampeyo to its place as Lummis family heirloom
Dez Bryant is a one man army! He needs the Randy-Ratio* Those 2 TD's could be way more with more looks! Come on Romo!
Knowledge Base as an Extension of Distance Learning Reference Service
no way pat.
it'd be so simple yet so wonderful, if you were to be mine.
Dinner Break! 30,175... Blinds are probably 250/500 when we get back.
we were very close. we listened to the same old music, had the same terrible sense of humor, and even looked alike.
Lay me down (;
Never follow someone who does not take their own advice=preachers in today's news.
Justin Bieber. Don't you worry. Under the mistletoe WILL be number one.
Whenever old guard MSM cringes re the Net's effect on news, I think -- really? After TV? You complain now?
thanks, Jan. I track him down.
Folloe me please!!! I love you!! Beautiful
Can't be mad at the guy for going to Det. Contender, and hell make 65000 a day for the next 9 yrs
#Bulls Noah (ankle) 'most likely out' for Game 5
you are so sweet guys should be taking lessons from YOU on how to treat a lady!
Ringin it in with tequila in Austin. No place else I'd rather be. Vamanos 2012
hi there, Anne mentioned I connect with you
Got my ticket to the Sheryl Lee Ralph and Jennifer Holiday book signing tonight. Guaranteed I'll be the youngest person in the building. Lol
Excited about the Personalizing Your Course training session.
I like how the barbie has pink camo to blend in with the irradiated trees.
CHILDREN HAVE STRESS IN THEIR LIVES. THEY SEE EVERYTHING AND YET HAVE NOONE TO SHARE THEIR BURDEN. THINK OF THE KIDS FIRST
No way could you be scared if you Zumba Zumba!! =D claims she's scared too! HA! =D
You seem to be DMing all my friends, but haven't got any from you. All I want is for you to say that you love me<U+2665>
I really really really hate my hair.
what the fool?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
The sad truth is, I guess it was about time.
Sending love some tweethearts
bald head need rogaine.
Watching the PBS special on Charles and Rae Eames. Charles Eames, "Eventually, everything connects." I love this quote.
lol same to you! Nice meeting you
Be with me Jesus. The waxing is about to ensue...
thanks for following me and ill make sure too check out your music:)
Oh yayyy! I voted last night! I'm so glad! Wubzy is totally the cutest.
will be a household name....
and I just found some blue, purple and red dye in my bathroom! Thank god for having a 14 yr old sis who constantly changes her hair color!<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
What goes around comes around. That's what people say. So all the pain you caused me will come back to you someday.
I would be just because slim fast is so unhealthy! Lol
We are too!!!
Secretariat the movie is an awesome and inspiring story. Disney back to the level of excellence I grew up expecting! Big Red Bravo!
7 track til completion of the upcoming mix-tape from F.O.E Da Clique. yes we looking for a DJ to host email info to
come see TR Reid at the Portland Public Library tonight at 5:30!
you can't seriously think that the celtics are gonna beat the heat <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I litter just so that the guys picking up trash for community service have something to do.
hey, I'm going to bed and sleep. Night.
just followed
get some well deserved sleep :)
This Wednesday starts my Jr. Production Designer position with the Indiana Historical Society! Yes!
how due u look ?!
lol as always...:D
Looking for A list Actor from New York Area for feature in Philly. For Killer Role contact me if intrested
#RIP #Steve. Our world will miss you!!!!
is there another way to do the secret nodes on ascension to unlock the door with chains on it?
My family is irreplaceable, they mean the world to me. <U+263A>
Describe what "Impact" Twitter will have on Journalism in the future?
#brdidc11 Microsoft Academic Search has API!
5/27 "Memorial Day Mayhem" live performances by Pusha T, King Louie n Cubana Lust on the pole!!! Tix available a DTLR!!!! -
Question: Do you prefer: CD/DVD or Digital Download? Can't decide? Check out www.cfnmusic.com for CFN Music CD/DVD, Dropcards, and Mp3s!!!
! time for some flix. night all!
. rocking some sharp design in her visuals supporting a talk on Reality Ends Here, an arg for USC SCA students
olympic skatepark today :D
I hate ghosts.
you're right. Let's get two sticks of dynamite.
If you have a Bush then do I have an Obama?? O.o
Instead of changing the facts of a story to make yourself feel/look better, be honest w/ yourself & start by changing your character.
All should be back to normal now. Please let us know if you see any issues.
That's wonderful, many congratulations!
#hate crimes in #sanDiego after recent attack on #Iraqi woman, many question if hate is behind the attack, join the discussion
I wish you have the best birthday ever
Thanks, Fucky, now I have Rick Ross in my head. I mean his song "Like A Boss" NOT him shirtless.
Loongg week w/ hurdles to go. But no complaints - I have a home, a garden, a healthy family and life flowing thru my veins!
Yeah man! What day you thinkin'?
how.d the track end up?
it's not "what you did" but it's what you haven't done yet. Come watch us at Wall Street in the Boro on 1/14!
donee posted ot all over my facebook (y)
Thanks for RTs
Nice video.
You rock Morgan Freeman!!
i want a picture of that new 'ink' you got, it looks freakin' amazing!
Giving Blood Today ...Yay For O Negative
Aloha, No I haven't seen them, perhaps one day I will ;)
One thing that's great about this Friday is that starting tomorrow, I'll be off work for 10 days!!! YAY!
The show tonight was off the chain!
If you have any doubt that Junior Seau touched lives, read at #JuniorSeau and those of
happy mother's day! PS:Please kiss Justin for me if you see him around:)) Thanks!:)
i'd be sad if they didn't go though
if you have any smog check questions give us a tweet and we will be glad to help you out :)
Guess Ill just sleep in here tonight then
Get well soon<U+263A>
My mom keeps calling me bra, bra.
tuolomne? RT : Thanks for the suggestion, it looks like it doesn't open till July 5th.
Great meeting with committee member. Start prospectus over with a clearer topic and argument.
just doing my part, Smooth.
You should still miss Ami. That's why we feel.
We pick 18th
RT: See, the problem is that God gives men a brain and a penis, and only enough blood to run one at a time. - Robin Williams
While Republicans debate...Obama ends wars.
speak for yourself.
Homework homework homework and a few papers due
No more fooling myself, I am going to be an old maid and not complain about it in any way, shape or form.
Whoohooo! is considered "industry!"
Chicken on the bone is best eaten with hands.
Cause in the end boy, your gonna want another round.
Warped Tour 2010! Who's ready for the kick off to this dope ass tour? See us there Los Angeles County! Wear plenty of sunscreen! <3
Peyton Manning should return to Tennessee where it all started.
Hi Jacky hope you have a great Sunday you are the best !!!
- just gave shout out to Minneapolis for having a public #arts fund. Woot woot
I hate that I've woken up in a world where Daniel LaRusso is in another World Series. Most. Overrated. Manager. Ever.
No power here in the Greentree neighborhood. Where are you?
I'm so tired I could eat a horse.
Thank you for your time this evening! All of us appreciate what you do.
So, I avoided Twitter & Facebook & the internet in general just so I wouldn't find out the winner of The Voice. I just watched the episode.
Anyone have a recommendation for a cooking class in #Hanoi? All the classes seem expensive.
Mini bad beat at the Riv poker room, any full house beaten gets paid. S See us in the room for full details
After comparison shopping for gas for this week's Test Driving San Diego column, I discovered that I am a big, fat fuel idiot.
Yo L, What Up, I Hit, What Else, Plus Dome, Say Word, And We Got It On Tonight
new icon!! me and my boyfriend:)) <3
Oh is it follow Friday? Do take me back a year to two years ago and tell your friends about us.
great writeup 2nite Jeremy! Boy Monta really went nuts at the end there Jim and I were nearly speechless!
#joke of the day: local #schools prep students "to use tech they will use IRL" by buying them all #WINDOWS TABLET PCs.
If you will stay in faith, God will not let the enemy have the last laugh. You will have the last laugh.
Don't drink the water ;)
Just saw some chior kids ask a girl to prom in 4 part harmony #classy #nocamera :(
I could go all day!! From now on #whenever I'm bored I'm going to be thinking up
Along with the Upper St. Clair choir today, we're also featuring the Pitt Women's Chorus. So happy to hear them during our #GLEEfulweek !
LA SKINS FEST Celebrates 5th Year.Autry NATIONAL CENTER and NBC/UNIVERSAL sponsoring screenings,events and youth tours.wwwlaskinsfest.com
I mean really! The stuff that comes out of his trashcan face smh
Home Depot was playing The Story of Us! You bet my best friend and I had a little dance party down the wood isle.. ;)
It is always wise to listen carefully & choose substance, & enduring principles, over the false appearance of immediate, short-term gain!
The fact my mom bought chinese only for herself -__-
Random, but I think my love of sci-fi is much stronger than it should be.
I'm pushing for streeter or miller. Common
We reserved our season tickets for - the smile still hasn't left my face. So excited!
he was in town for Letterman
Hopefully, yes. :) We're going to the game super early tomorrow, so we can try and meet him and Chris Paul.
u didnt hit the strip?
i know this has to be the real Kelly kelly, i don't even know why i asked if you where or not sorry lol. :)
Back from the final four.
I like scramble eggs -please hah
All YMCA of Greater Richmond branches will be open normal business hours tomorrow.
yeah, she's gorgeous
I just sent it.
im not friends with her bc shes friends with christian
I miss him though..
I need more followers :(
Someone needs a timeout.....preferably me
Who's folding? RT : RT : Hoping to set a world record at #TXLA12 on Thursday... 1,000+ Origami Yodas folded at once!
Took a cold shower. Screamed, "if can do it!" through the while thing.
omg this episode is so intense. I actually liked Orson though :/ #DesperateHousewives [season4, episode 13]
According to Wolfram Alpha, 500 million GB is 5 times the storage capacity of Data on ST:TNG. /via
Nothing wrong with as the office. We approve.
great just great dumbersss
i wish my dream came real... he makes my body warm every night... waiting for the real one...
Dear Santa, What do I want for Christmas this year? Your list of all the nice guys.<3
yes! One of my favorite bands just released their album on clear vinyl. Im starting a collection, but missing one thing....
that's bad, Damnit I knew I was doing something wrong..Hahaha. they really truly are DUMB sometimes...good lord.
When I was your age I was raising pokemon, not babies.
Last #sportsbiz rant: if you have to keep implying you are a social media or sports marketing leader...you're just a self promoter.
I never stopped loving.
So, much of the lineup is a mystery. Yodeling girls is still a possibility.
You're not afraid of love. You're just afraid of not being loved back.
I pretend to work. They pretend to pay me.
#winechat is the best! Too bad I just missed most of it this evening. Looks like a great one with great attendance! Cheers.
calm down there Drake
Sounds like Westmoreland on 'Oriental' disregard for life. "Great powers can't overcome Afghan genius for self-slaughter"
RT : Is Purple gonna make it onto the ballot this year?!?
it's been down for hours...what on earth happened over there? Nuclear bomb? :)
Trying to maintain my motivation. Only 2 more weeks of spring semester!
RedHawk, would say something like this, huh? Ladies, remember he's a man when you gaze apon that photo, cheers!
Just landed #Union Station. Beautiful day +beautiful people= Ficelle day.
LASIK surgery has been a successful vision correction procedure for more than 20 years.
Studying hard!
RT Head's up, Ohio State - the E! News crew & I are in town! Meet us 12:30 in front of Ohio Union & I'll interview you!
So glad I'm done with graduations.
Welcome to the Twitterverse! Looking forward to our Twittversations. ~Link See you in Orlando!
I'm not sure what our neighbors included in their "open bar" but my roomies are hella f'ed up.....
Itchy eyes, bare legs, can't lose.
nap before 6am telethon duty. gay husband 2# called to see how i am tonite, i had salmon & my pigtails pulled at work by a nice drunk guy
Well, didn't want to speak for you. But yeah, a defining moment for a big slice of our community, if not exactly of our generation...
Oh my goodness the back of my legs hurt!!
Hmm. GUC invite says no denim. But this is Austin. Thinking of being a rebel tonight.
#KentuckyDerby insider tip #2: you cannot hail a cab on Frankfort Ave or Bardstown Rd, though your arm waving is comical. You actually CALL.
Woah there, nice try. I almost gave a fuck.
The Texas Rangers have lost 2 in a row. Yu may all now begin to panick!!!
This week has been the worst week...ever. Honestly, nothing could top this. Nothing.
Remember when Green Day was good?
happy to help in any way I can. Just let me know.
Can't wait for new episode of BATTLE OF THE EXES.
how much of a discount do you get?
Question to all the dudes out there: Why does all mens body wash smell awful? Just wondering.
"I just found out there's no such thing as the real world, just a lie you've got to rise above."
the disk wont work on my computer >:( i dont think i can do my homework
we've been very happy with DirecTV at our house. Get the sports pack and HD DVR for much less.
Just got back from lunch with my son Joey! It was good to spend time with him alone....
#2011regrets As corny as it may sound, I have none. Any mistakes I have made, i've learned from.
jess, were you ging to suggest asia 9?
I so want some floral pants
IRAR = Internationally Recognized Awesomeness Representative = me! xD
I'm scared to click that link.
In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by. -Lucille Ball
": Two quarters of SuperBowl and the strongest performer is Madonna..."
successful politicians only take credit. Responsibility belongs to others => irresponsible.
Roman's revenge <U+2665> u roman reloaded will be the best album ever!!! RT if u thinl so
Yeah screw this I'm not doing homework
Enjoying the tweets from #DemandCon -- wanted to attend this year, but couldn't. Would love to hear some attendee reviews & feedback!
So far, the future is full of the clutter of our lives
looks like Stalin.
Thank you for the Gluten free Christmas menu!!
Hope the Brewers get good weather today!!! GO BREWERS!!!!!
In Mather Tower for maybe the last time ever? Weird.
Can you please follow me back?<3
great! Feel free to ping me for more details!
wow that's a cool story. Junior seau was the man.
my superstars never choked gtfo im going to eat... Enjoy being miserable soon.. one whom is named after wade
hahaha wow. Well I missed my class this morning for the second time in a row :( I slept in AGAIN!
In 14 weeks,
haha. for you.
How's #140cuse??
“: The higher your hair is, the closer you are to heaven:)”hahahhaaha I love this quote!!!
“: There's a company that lets you send animal poop to anyone you want to get even with via mail." deff doing this
Thanks, Amie! I feel good my youthful mortification & naivete have been so fruitful in terms of my work.
Thanks for posting this link. #NWP rules!
Come on in and get a slice of our home made apple pie! Tastes great with a cup of coffee! And we're handing out free coffee coupons!
My mom just bough me a mini cake and cupcakes with Justin Bieber rings. Yay
They keep the beards in Denver.
kick some ass today
thanks for follow! I just reorganized my cellar this weekend! What's your most prized bottle?
it's the dilemma that we end up in by swallowing our pride and thinking that that one is diff den da rest
Theres some pretty awesome things trending right now... Just sayin
Drivin my moms car home while she erides in her new car... Grrr luky lol
RT ": took the day off and doing all good me things" - You deserve it! Happy Birthday!
haha yes! they stood there for like 5mins waving and Harry blew a kiss and then they went to sound check
I want to start biking in the foothills. Problems: my bike weighs a ton & has no gears (it's retro) & Bodie hates bikes. Conundrum.
You're on the path, grasshopper.
never tweets anymore.
early night tonight, #night twitter
not fun.... Actually that sucks hope the phones didn't die.
My love Please Please Follow me PLEASE Love You :D #JustinandhisteaminBrazil!!!!!!
Sea turtles, giant squid and octopus in HD.. I'm so addicted to the Discovery Channel!!!
Too true. This was taken last week :-)
Whats up Frankie, hit me up in my DM and let me know bout those trax.. Orphanz™
The One is going to be on TV...I had a love affair with that movie in high school...
Always Messing The Mood Up
digg: Fossil feast for 'z… | Twitter Template Blog
prob!! I will be too for alil then talk to him and I'll just be like O.O :O
At this point, if Signature+Ford's hired Natsu to direct HELLO, DOLLY!, I'd withdraw all my reservations.
aww just saw the pic u tweeted!! love it :)
no im horrible haha I just do it because I like going to the meetsb
Penny Stocks Pick: When you think of trading penny stocks, the major
Keep eating your fav foods in moderation to avoid a slide back after loosing a few pounds. Total deprivation triggers off a bingeing cycle!
Everything you do is more than coincidence. You're purposefully trying to mess with me.
noo it will totally fit easily but its just not as big as the main stage
At this rate, you may need to take your show on the road. Are there any celebrities in Antioch (not ) you can pester?
lol...the world has embraced what black men have been saying for years
Just had a nice textual conversation with Susan Epps about meeting up for college trip
Friday at last! :) Hope everyone has a great day and a fabulous weekend! :)
in 1 scene he went from a traditional Mex song 2 a disassembled jazz piece 2 show character's interior. Don't hear that today.
A thousand times I've failed Still Your mercy remains And should I stumble again Still I'm caught in Your grace
Let me know if you would like to get the same cologne cheaper at perfumeseven.com
Shout out to for following me
Hey sign up w/our street team today at the Environmental Fair for Envirofest and receive $75 in driving credit! 3:30pm-5pm!
My face is so smooth today....
Someone just spit into the fan and it hit me in the face.. Or is it raining?
I have heard you need to watch several shows and then it gets much better. I stopped after two. Painfully boring
I disagree. Love you... but disagree.
this is true....RT : your the perfect woman, any man would be lucky to have you... Wish I didnt mess up..
Thanks for the K!
The most difficult part of #BeyondThunderdomeWednesday is painting while wearing spiked football pads.
"20off" should do the trick RT : Hey any chance the 20off code is still good today?! Help a Yuppie out?
** groan ** RT : How come nobody asks when "Jaws" movies jumped the shark? Get it?
~~ somebody that I used to know ~~~~~ #np by Gotye
did u do the big chop?
I like to spend my breaks at work anxiously checking the clock to see when my break is over.
that's my favorite car freshener. I tend to forget them in my car after a late night.
Something better is coming up it caught my eyes.
may I use ur name in this book me and my friend are writing :D? Please :)
I was so disappointed I missed it last night but to my delight its on tonight! Thank God!!
Haha, nope, that's the hubby!
Platinum Brigade is following back....AMEN!
Love it !
Joshua you are smooth as silk! Insane how good you were tonight! Yes!
He was on the wrong side of history. Hopefully more people will come around.
Glad u r here! RT : Thrilled to be at the #cysummit!
you should cover "Friday".. See if you can make it bearable haha
C can spell non-negotiable! ALWAYS notice Jack Daniels. That's non-negotiable.
Is there interesting in fantasy MMA? We are thinking of adding it soon.
brooks is our "best" d-man and it looked like we had no d.... Nuff said.
#LoveWhenYou dont judge me when im drunk
If I Had a Gun I would kill the person who created all hard drugs...
Call Me Maybe #trending Love the video
Thanks for the tweet, Max. Glad you like it!
its brutal!
& Are DATING!!!! I wonder if he will love her as much as he loves himself? #NP Stronger by Kanye West on
Thank you! I hope you win. Sorry for the typo! :-p
Wait, has a twitter? And it's a Christmas miracle!!!
If your grabbing your crotch your not circumcised.
Watched a few Greg McCoy kick return highlights... can definitely see why the Bears drafted him. Looks like he can be elite returner.
Whatever, he owes Papi dinner now. RT : Seriously, what value does Punto bring to this team?
Had an amazing #Easter! Love seeing lives changed by Christ.
Today's workout with was great this body ain't going stay in shape by doing nothing stay fit ladies
;D and when we hear that perfect english grammar everyone will be splendidly shocked and elated! :D
yummy,,,,, watch out for the monito... lol
come on you can do it :)
after Friday I'll start heavy promo for this! My album release party is Friday so I have to focus on that for the time being.
hah I'm trying to leave early!
Is it possible to describe coffee as violent? Cause this coffee tastes pretty violent...
hey shawn! I hope all is well. Good to see that DC4 is gigging a good amount in 2012. I keep telling Jeff; Come back to Vegas!
Got my copy of #marylanders Please note that same sex marriage is a matter of #civilrights & #equalty for our #LGBT friends
I Love You And Good Night!!!!! #VillansMissRobert <3
lol. I just figured you hated them. Lol.
Hahaha man she sucks so had at her job. She's basically the of Beat Writers.
Why do i read and ruin the Bachelorette for myself?! UGH! Happy with the final two though :)
wow. Must look into it. As tempting as moving to siberia is...
Nino said all the graduates that are going to Paris are coming. And he said you were coming to Paris with us. :/
Tragic - Definitely makes me think, feel.
It's great how you're trying to insult someone when the tweet probably describes you better than them.
s/o to my haters, trick or treaters, my gyro, these jaw jabbers, my homie's
RT : if you keep all of your love inside... you wont have room for anyone else's. let some out.
Got a #business idea/need some help with creating a business plan? Visit the Center for Entrepreneurial Studies 26W 61St rm. 402
Damn! Ninjas wanna stick me for my paper... Damn! Ninjas wanna stick me for my paper!
if you havent heard them already... check out , they have great music so go do it right now!
college basketball is a better game when Indiana is relevant
I have trust issues against boys they seem to lie a lot.
Heading to bed. Early to airport for #balle2012!
is enjoying the 500 Days of Summer soundtrack at work. Just like the film, it's amazing.
I need a bags partner at Horny Goat Hideaway ASAP. Mine got in a car accident and our end of season tourney is tonight.
Hell yea u can take me out ...# shocked
<<<Thanks for following Miami Entertainment Law Group!!
You are an asshole if Don Rickles didn't make you wanna cry at the end of the Comedy Awards. We all look up to that man.
One thing after another ... man .... Life don't play no games.
And . . . . Agreement signed. Jiao Tong and are officially exchange partners. #AsiaTrinity Tour & efforts successful!
Hulk is character concern on field. Iron Man (Flying While Intoxicated) would get suspended by Goodell for off field
17.3% of people are planning to buy jewelry this Valentine's Day, up from 15.5% last year. (NRF)
"Great idea! Great Food! Thanks! I really love the food. And very convenient." and we LOVE our clients!!! :D
thanks my dude, I was having a technology breakdown
Uncovering hidden connections at the BLIP Legal Hackathon
HEALTHCARE-Order your book today and finally gain control over your healthcare with this insider info.. www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap)
“: That awkward moment when someone deletes their comment on facebook and you look like you’re talking to yourself.”
Hey there Ho there Hi there Whats up gurll :]]]
Yes my children, this is The Goonies. Enjoy!
Well, u could always move to Phoenix!
And no comments on my podcast art for ETW #31. Too esoteric?
My cabbie: rain grows maize, maize makes whiskey....you know that song?!
Owls are cool, right?
-Danny, I'd be happy to talk with you. My schedule is pretty hectic right now, but let's look for some time in March.
Ah you changed your name back. Can't say I'm not heartbroken
Sista Doctor wants institutions that create spaces for vigorous conversations about race, gender, nationhood, etc.
Will teach the Ring cycle in fifty minutes today.
hahaha yess omg imma die when it gets hot out and she has to wear tank tops
do any fans have any news on datsyuk returning tomorrow? i can't sleep until i know.
So glad that I don't have to take reading this year as a class instead I have p.e. and Spanish lucky me (:
"To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don’t need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself." ~Thich Nhat Hanh
#BestTextMessage good night/good morning beatiful ... miss those :(
Just chilling bout to go out :) hey I just want say sorry for evertrying. I've changed this time, maybe u forgive me?
Are you guys okay?
Straight brim slightly tilted baseball caps #cool or #tool? Mt vote based on the stupid white kid in front of me at Panera: 100% TOOL
can't sleep!!
LANA DEL DUCK FTW
Concert band finished up the St. Robert 'March Music Extravaganza' strong with 'The Best of Queen' -- yes, THAT Queen-!
Wisdom and understanding will bring all the desires of your heart. Hear and Understand!
That's terrible! BTW, your tweet reminded me that I heard you on this morning. Really loved the points you made!
right back atcha, boo!
Uthoff's meeting with Justin Doherty is over: "I had my meeting but what was discussed is confidential," he said.
help us out. give us some names so we can try to get over there!
Sure thing. See you around OKC sometime!
I need some PLUGINS for FRUITY LOOP
Come back any time. Our event will be this October. KIT.
#IAlwaysWonderIf what would be have u here
Can I get a FUCK YOU to these bitches from all of my brothas
Don't pee yourself. You already did that once today. -Sang
We deliver sushi to your place, no matter how ghetto! RT : i want sushi so bad but none deliver to the ghetto where i live :(
Spinning a quick 2 hour set for a private event before studio tonight. Let's do this.
The most exhausting thing in life is being insincere. Anne Morrow Lindbergh
Definitely debating on not even attempting my 74 question precalc review due tomorrow..
I work to be at the top. And the top is where I'll be after i get done working(:
who is at BOTB tonight?
Catching up on Thursday's #parksandrec! The Debate!
It would be so much for fun if my best friends had a twitter.
7,300 people LIKE Bar Method LA! In one single word, why do you LIKE it?
Have fun, you two!
Brothers r so anoyin i wish they would there age or atleast look it
lol. I was going to say, was that kind of response really necessary?
Its beautiful as hell outside
MOB WIVES!
We just made another sale!
Just because I'm loosing. Doesn't mean I'm lost.
I hate people trashing Blake Griffin, saying that he can only dunk. I'm sure, if that was you, you couldn't do anything, especially dunk.
you ARE real! I thought u were a bot! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BE> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Even the characters on that 70s show are moving on with their lives
I only play games I know I can win.
Sring Break!! can't wait to have fun ;)
Did you attend "Overcoming the Persistence Speed Barrier in the #Cloud" yesterday at #CloudExpo? Tell us what you thought!
Wow!!! This weather is crazy!! We hated cancelling our trips today - hopefully this weather clears quick and makes the tog extra hungry!
Won't be sleeping good till I'm sleeping at the top
It's definitely a lake jog kind of afternoon... w00t!!!
What did the alleged #turnpike gunman ask a local barber before shooting two officers? The answer in a minute on NBC 6
Cant wait to see THE VOW!!! <33
Slick Rick for the opening credit song?? How can THE SITTER not be awesome???
Walter Murch at #chf a genius of sound and music
It is well deserved.
Josh, block the shot so you can grab it. No need to throw it out of bounds.
Being the ineffective moving buddy that I am, I am dedicating the afternoon to Pinterest. Two rooms painted, lots to go!
i like irish women in america
#FF love to my bud, for the awesome Fast Start article in the ! Well-deserved recognition, my friend!
Dearest , I would still live you even if i was blind. Why? Cause you guys are beautiful inside and out
#Shoutout gratitude to You guys rock!
You don't do it on purpose, but you make me shake
u guyz dont no how happy i am for seeing the back on TV im so proud! =)
Same here.
drinking 2006 Serene, Domaine Pinot Noir Evenstad Reserve with my tax man but he's done working for the day. :)
using me how jfc
pizza for breakfast
what can you say bad about obama? and if you dont like him, give me a good reason why. just seeing if you can.
no no missy...not for you!
Spending my Christmas Eve doing laundry ! Life of an OCD child....
Remember what you told me?
Script coverage for the next 3 days. Producer in the works!
I hear ya. Yes for me and goals. Pretty much a no for me and racing.
Thanks Sarwan for catching the show! See you soon!
tweeter keeps killing ur photos Sexy! U must be too fucking hot 4 them!
I dont entertain bs
she here now we bout to kill it
U right, Keegs. U totally jinxed Gaddy, who had a shit 2nd half and choked away the game. Wroten should start, period.
Watching the lion king (:
Oh ok let me know
I will never understand Miami weather.
Its enough to say I'm sorry
So, Coffee
Nearly 1,000 miles driven today. 2 markets visited. 1 successful dinner. Almost back to KC after my 20 hr voyage.
What a great photo of your beautiful pups!
But he's as tall as Wolverine.
RT : tune into sunrise... to see your forecast... now!
Principals: How satisfied are your parents with your school's communication patterns? More importantly, how do you know?
Still at the baby classes or are ya'll heading home?
leaving for nicaragua tomorrow to go build a house :) so excited!!!!!
Everything is running slow: my iPhone, my iPad, my iDani. Time for a total reinstall. Or maybe just sleep.
so you wanna get brunch sometime?
has an amazing giveaway to celebrate the new look - check it out!!! But don't enter bc I want to win :)
You never fail to hit up my phone with an extremely stupid text.
I also want her to be strong, & not have a lifelong pity party bc she has it & her sibs don't. I've talked 2 a few CFers
"If you still have them, I want some! Thanks, HON!" | You're certainly welcome!!!
you wear it well, like it!
www.facebook.com/Envy.Protege.Designs Visit Envy Protege Designs to get a sneak peak of the feather shoulder chain Accessory <3 <3
Regardless of what surrounds you, being positive comes from within. GN :)
Yeah, my mom hasn't threatened to send me away because of it or anything, lol.
oh right. Tweet they're filming it :)
hey Michelle! Looking forward to having to come take classes at Pilates Plus PB! :)
yay, someone doesn't think I'm crazy!
They do u should c how many ppl say o wisdom yo hands they are beautiful this and that its hard having handsome hands
Tomorrow ": #Chelsea Roundup is out! Top stories today via "
you get your copy of The Gruesome Death of Tommy Pistol yet?
watched "friends with benefits" on the flight home, and it was surprisingly good. it's not weird to tear up at a flash mob finale, right?
#ImSingleBecause I choose to be
nope. Southern Utah. Lots of hiking.
That turkey pot pie tho..
Haha! When u live in suburbia, u typically have 2 drive 2 pick up anything. In the city you walk everywhere.
do u think shells change her mind? Idk she has always really loved Stefan. and klaus did? For sure? well then he can't die.
All of our Rinnai Heaters are in stock, and best price around!
LOL @ people who think i don't have money. money<<<< friends. <3
I feel like I might have to curse to get you to respond so FK lol
No. The President is the head of state. Even when we disagree with him, we treat him with public respect. This is . . .
oh girl I am so sorry. I completely understand, that happened to me a couple yrs ago only mine had been dead 4 yrs.
I have my ascot pressed and ready to go. I might just skip the mint julep and have a Makers and Coke (after my events conclude).
TY - tough to battle conservative churches... & the Grahams.
Me too! :D
Congrats to the Minnesota Lynx!!
Andrew Torget, Univ. of North Texas.
What are the chances the Tigers get no-hit today?
Thanks so much Alanna! Keep helping :)
Hotel = not on fire, going back to bed to try and salvage a few hours of sleep
Video Marketing is intense.......... and so much more valuable than just an email! Excited for the possibilities to provide more value!
#CBS you really surprised me for the better All nite long
: remembering the first day I broke down my moves for you / you learned well! enjoy your bobble head day today #gohammer RT
Where Its At Hip Mee :)
wow congrats on the pregnancy.
thanks! And wes co is more the tgi fridays spot in sg valley
Watched Food,Inc. last night. More reasons to avoid #FastFood. W/SpoonerSpot you'll be able to locate best local food thx to other
Could it be a nicer day?
As long as The Clash is number 1, it's a good list
French dip is in the crock pot #nomnom #mondayfunday!
What a wonderful NiGhT! Thank you girls I needed it!! More than you Know!
Anybody know tipping practices for Oregon?
Can't wait to have cuddles and fall asleep :)
Come on people draw me something on draw something lmao
#SOPA crashes House and Senate websites... awesome
So UW is banning gaming in its library commons from 11:30 AM - 8 PM daily because of "numerous complaints."
Start class at 1:50pm. Need a tux, this is crazy.
Shit going to change today do something instead of talking about something
So glad to help! Sorry I disappeared. Dropped everything to help my sis with her new baby that night. Still recovering, lol!
Tell yo baby daddy dat he super weak fuck yo girl last nite it only took a week lol
and in all fairness - if you are pushing volt, they should know the perk states NOTHING about it being a 3 day opportunity. FWIW
I keep saying this, but oh em gee I love my neighborhood. Dinner 's, drinks & so many ppl I <3 out & about
I am so annoyed with my family right now
RT : Obama's signing of NDAA is the worst rollback of civil liberties in the history of the U.S. Now officially a dictator.
Social Networking Services like Facebook critical to engage online Students -Baiyun Chen, University of Central Florida
Haha thanks Scot...someone just told me it makes them want to bail hay.
awesome!! Are you going to post pics?
. Sorry to disappoint you. Thanks for following me for a few days.
cool tks for input!
Chameleon is bottling Hop on Top, Fire Light and Witty White Wheat tomorrow... Feels like xmas eve in our beer world! Will post pics 2mor :)
Finding a good weather is like finding a decent girl. It's almost impossible ;-)
Why choose an alternative? I think milk (from cows) is economical & provides 9 essential nutrients! RE: which do u prefer?
hahah me! "what do I say? Hi I'm dancebgdance from twitter???"
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try. - Beverly Sills
Have a beautiful winter wonderland day
Merry Christmas to you!
Rt : More: Sources tell captain of JetBlue flight began to behave erratically, co-pilot was able to get captain ou ...
will finish today my g
Just throw-dropped my phone onto concrete...a few small chips but no cracks. I fear I've used up all my luck on a day I'm going to a casino.
Maybe it was me in disguise.
Lights are still off. #COJ keeps us in dark. Thanks #thisiswhatdemocracylookslike Feel free to call Major
Whew! We're taking a quick coffee break before heading back for tonight's first round of events at 5:30.
Flavoring the sights of St. Louis with the tastes of Schlafly.
My Beautiful Wife is #WhatBrightensUpMyDay!
I'll be joining the band at Blue Water Grill NYC for some soul and blues music this Thurs Apr.12th 7pm-10pm.Come by for dinner or drinks!
If she wasnt a "slutty single mom" people wouldn't enjoy shaming her so much. I hate the white woman thing but this isnt it.
#3WordsOfAdvice Don't Drive Drunk
what's up??
That ain't right. You should know that I would never do that.
If "Good Day Sacramento" was a man, I would punch him in the face. Stuck watching it in a waiting room...this show is so asinine.
I love Wiz and Mac and I'm on the hardcore side of music...
#IReallyWant TO show her i Care About Her
There's something very simple and satisfying about texting people to "look at the moon." It's like doing PR for the universe.
I'm very tired :/ I still have a few more hours of work left...
Haha yeah, the slots are always empty here. I guess everyone is broke by the time they make it to the airport.
Ewwwwww this beezy has the deepest voice you'd think she was a man
I'll meet you at the KK. Let's make some bad decisions. You do have fun sometimes, right? “: Headed back to Madison for the weekend.”
MT : Congrats to former Aztec Kawhi Leonard, who finished fourth in the NBA's Rookie of the Year voting. He had one 1st-place vote
Forcing a situation to go your way will produce undesirable results.
Is spinning and out of range for a bit.
LOL, I just got the same e-mail. Came here to check if anyone else had their game ship as well. Good to know I'm not the only one
what you know about burying your bone? ima go ask my dog...lol
Twisted completely twisted
I see you over there so hypnotic.. Thinkin bout what I'd do to that boday, I'll get you like oh baby baby oh baby baby (;
Finally woke up -.-
You should follow me. Like foreal tho.
dirty! No one wants to know
2 day work week, summerfest and - it's going to be a great week :)
On this dirty sprite...got me feeling right
not cockroaches are they?
Another wonderful dinner at La Fuente. Or, as it is known by the GPS, "Lay Foont"
how are you even alive? RT : With random fisherman they do. True story. I ran.
lol it's not you. Some of dese Otha ratchet hoes do doe.
Wonder when D800s will actually be shipping. I imagine the D700 will half in price once they are widely available.
that...is a loaded statement darlin.
I don't think I'll ever have joint issues. Unless I run out of papers or something.
#LATraffic don't take Laurel Canyon!!! Shut down to one direction at a time by DWP- horribly backed up both ways.
I wanna keep my phne .
probably best that you missed it. That place can do weird things to a person.
is getting ready to head to our studio at The River Market Event Place for today's Open house! But first. .. must. get. coffee! :D
don't feel bad! We just put up our decorations last night!
Hot #newipad? No, mine's not even warm! What % of users play graphic intensive games for 45min straight, not many IMO.
Where are you? I was googling updates and came up with nothing. Not touring? Come out and play!
These uniforms get old. I wake up every morning and have to dress like I care about school. It sucks!
I responded to your help inquiry with possible solutions and alternatives.
Fear is the cheapest room in the house. I would like to see you living In better conditions. ~ Hafiz
No, it's the friend with that "beautiful, curly, really black hair."
are all the tickets for 16.88 sold out?
“: Peyton manning breaks news. Says Joe Addai signing with Patriots. Great, great fit for Joe”
The last scotch I had at was with served by and it was Johnnie Blue!
Love libraries! RT : Think of us as a really big choose-your-own-adventure
I can't wait for the Swan Boats to open up this year!!!
Having way to much fun right now
Happy anniversary!
Fixed a bananna pudding lastnite it was to good bd/daddy:-) liked to kill his self
Congrats, Brett!
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone...
Stay tuned for our new releases coming soon this holiday, "My Addiction," and, "Demons," now in production- have a great weekend.
lmfao i guess she saw what i wrote, bitch learned to mind her own buisnesss!
loved seeing you Wednesday!! #modelsreunite <U+2764>
Happy Tabaski to all of my friends and Family in Senegal! I miss you guys so much!
When are the Leafs going to make a big trade that gives them a goal tender and some defense? I hope soon.
u can pick ya friends but u cant pick ya family!! u aint gotta be ashamed of me lmao!!
These close games give me a stomach ache. A win, and it's all better.
. Will the NYT be publishing me today, or is the paper not for free speech?
Great energy from our crowd tonight. Willed our guys to keep fighting. Thank you to all who came and supported our team.
Thanks for the mention. Looking forward to the #BCwine daily. I hope all is well on beautiful Vancouver Island.
Had such a wonderful time with Covenant Pres and Sanibel Community churches yesterday, and then at CTN this afternoon. Ready to fly home!
Exactly my thoughts ": That's how you win the Cup! #Rangers"
get a room
well that sounds epic, i had a slightly similar dream about me having a magic cane lol
yes indeed
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. ~Dalai Lama (RT )
miss you more... wish we were laying in bed watching Friends all day today. :(
Follow me on also www.FACEBOOK.com/filmmakerDarrenAndreSaunders
TSP is proud to donate toys to childrens hospital for Christmas
I would like to read it whats the site
Students never cease to interest me with their thought processes :)
Thanks for the diving and cycling suggestions, !
At the end of the day, we can endure much more than we think we can. -Frida Kahlo
We bought mom a nook and got rocks and yellow pages when we opened it:(
Mahomies Gonna Love<U+2665>
--> RT : 12:34 to go in the first and we are scoreless #PHXLAK. Who will score first #LAK or #PHX?
Thank you so much :)) Soo glad you came! Love youu:)
I need an Oregon health insurance expert, knowing something about OMIP, portability and/or COBRA for domestic partners.
I was in Germany a few years ago. I like to know about different countrys. I think ur country has a very wonderful mystique
behind every player is the person who broke their heart.
so has got to be one of the best radio stations on long island :), still remember screaming when they paid my moms bill last year
When the majority determines the rights of the minority
People who put you down ....
geez I have been called short-sighted by a cookie monster! Yikes! Look guy - I speak the truth you just can't handle it.
You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars. - Gary Allen
Count me in!
other side at a table by windows!!!!!!!
PRESS DIGEST - Financial Times - May 3
Where is going to be next???
and what of community value for research collection/research community ?
Holy shit!! That is an absolutely incredible story.
Which weather app is that?
good mornin punk... What you up too
Bill = super trooper. RT : lol - that is great. Bill did so good!
bring back all star games/dunk contests that are actually entertaining, superstars people care about, and NBA on NBC/Tesh intro!
drake is a headbanger all by himself
should i go home and study? or go to grandmother's and have fun :D?.
The very essence of leadership is that you have to have vision. You can't blow an uncertain trumpet. Theodore M. Hesburgh
No it didn't cross the line. People are too sensitive.
If someone tells you they "totally understand Derrida" they are lying to you.
thanks ;P
Yes, if I survive past tomorrow, sure. I honestly need miracles right now and wool isn't enough.
God is still using PCA as a launch point for changing the entertainment industry!!! Amazing. God you are higher than any other!
OMG!! Hes so perfect i love him lol
you can do it!! what is your book about?
summertime is purdy much here. great times, great friends & great FESTIVAL!!!!
haha *high five*! :)
No cheating on the #SATs and #ACT in NY: Picture ID required to register and during the
can you hook #teamsuchrecords up with some cool promo graphics?
At work, so can't see the game... but can't wait for the reply of Terry's red card...
Looking for place to have lunch? We are OPEN, in the heart of Blue Ash!!!
I'm not eating dinner tonight.
Nursery school "Show & Tell" Day should be renamed "How Good Is Your Mother's Memory?" Day.
I didn't see JAMES FRANCO,so I turned away
Im glad you came. <U+2764>
Gurl I had fun too
i saw one of the most beautiful women TX has to offer last night in my class.. she was a guest speaker.
Does anybody else call the chorus to a song "the walrus?" No? Just me? Ok... just kidding.
So glad you could be there! We look forward to seeing you again next year! :)
! RT Shep Smith on Fox News: 'The President of the United States, now in the 21st century.'
Curious if is still following me since he got his twitter back? if not please follow me again <3
One day I hope to have a light guy/ girl half as awesome as
first class! shu know!?!
I don't procrastinate, i just strategically plan to not do homework until last minute when I'm a few hours older, and a few hours more wise.
People are trying to over-analyze the loss last night too much. We sucked - we lost, that's it
I love talking to my sister <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> I miss her so much<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> love you ate! <U+2764>
I think it is now, site server seemed to be down for about 30 minutes, pushing out the next issue & it freaked me out a bit
Life is madness.
New kids on the block had a bunch of hitss chinese food makes me sick
I dunno wen my dad gives me his phone
sorry, i wasn't clear. that initial link works fine. it's the "listen to it here" link that doesn't work for me.
Error of Youth is to believe that intelligence is a sub 4 exp. While the error of age is to believe exp. is sub for intelligence. 'L. Bryson
Juliet Sims looks like Ashlee Simpson pre-nose job with that hair cut/color.
Happy Easter! I'm having an egg hunt where everyone is looking for my eggs.
Must get a tag today. Work on encoding film. Edit film. MUST get back into MARBL. Still need to feel better, though. Not happy yet w/my life
delighted to see the sketchbook pages--also, that rufous hummingbird photo is lovely.
I still have to go there!!
Tears, misery, loneliness, scars, and pain. All hidden behind a simple "I'm fine."
yeah - I'm definitely in. let me know if you decide to go!
Hi fellow writer from Denver. Love your graphic! You seem to have great comedic skills.
It's one word like batman. In the song "spoonman" they are literally singing about a guy who plays the spoons. And his rhythm.
Geat time tonight w/the Jeunesse family & Dr.Newman with incredible life changing information. Thanks it was great!!
Senior Exec Assistant needed to support two senior MD's in Research. Will need to be extremely polished, excellent software skills (Outlook…
whoop whoop!
You're so very welcome.
"Alongside..." others..." various ways" "covers such a broad spectrum."
um lame
/ Like grandpa used to say... if at first you don't succeed, #BUZbuz again.
Thank you! And yes, My laptop broke though so I have to wait a little bit before I can get it up!
u commin to grandmas house this summer ?
okay be back later !
Dashboard all day long, takes me back to high school, still love them
Hello world Iam your motherfuckin trouble maker
one of those pipe things, and some aviators. thats pure class
hahaha come in and see her in the morning!
The Buck eh? Sounds like a good time. And maybe the western theme would cure a certain degree of homesickness for AZ
Wanna go out riding but ain't got my car. Guess I'll hop on the bike.
movie night with myself. wish people actually wanted to talk to me
Why do I fall asleep during every single movie no matter how hard a try
lol , so how ya ben ?
Almost Ready To Give Up On Getting Tweeted Or Followed By I Feel Invisible. :( But I Still Love You Hunter! (.
lmfaooo ok yea..& that was my best friend we were heading downtown..i was in the zone with my music
Getting Head while playing xbox....ujelly
Woke up today with an incredible desire to watch The Rugrats Movie!
What is air
My sis woke me up :(
Thanks to for becoming follower 500 - looks like playing 'who does the coolest things' is no longer limited to !
#loveislike Gonorrhea, I mean Chlamydia, I mean Herpes......I Mean Love Just Sucks......
Facing foreclosure? Contact us to learn more about how a Short Sale can help you! www.chicagoshortsalegroup.com
no games right!!! I got a huge one lol best/worst pain ever
when i saw R.I.P Fergie trending i was excited because i thought there wasnt gonna be nomore shitty music. wrong Fergie though
I would be honored to be your yoko ono xoxo
Chica! Hmm...Logan didn't call me to say Hola. Maybe next time! I'm good. Starting 3 job work week.
Thanks for the follown
birthday breakfast skewers this morning.
Already My Guy! Somebody gotta do it! Finna Bring It Home!
On my way to Frankfort to tape Mr. MOJO talking to middle school children. It's time to be a leader, take a stand and MOJO up.
Have a good day
looks like I'm a chump after all .... )-:
ok I understand :(( lol
In today's world no competitive advantage in knowing more than the person next to you - finding it is key.
Thanks for following!
"Art is either plagiarism or revolution."[Paul Gaugin]
RT : There's nothing like being told you're healthy when you've been sick for months. Just heard I'm cancer free!
The difference between a moral man and a man of honor is that the latter regrets a discreditable act, even when it has worked and he has not
A little late to be questioning POTUS on Bin Laden. Where were all these hacks the week it went down?
And the parents explain what's fact in this smear campaign with dignity. Teenagers r not perfect. They don't deserve to be killed.
if i told you - I'd have to hurt you and I really don't want to do that. :)
Paul Ryan's budget proposal shows Republicans expanding war on women to be war on just about everybody
thanks philly
for lunch with It's been far too long.
Just finished audition for Jodi at the Alliance. Damn I was too nervous perform well.
they tryin they best to shine <U+2600> they tryin they best to take off <U+2708>
Whats good man Im tryin do some shows next month holla at me if you want someone to open
can i get a smily face or something to cheer me up since im sick
this is a very important question tyler... do you like pie?
Absolutely. I agree with you. Consistency is what's going to stop the headshot epidemic. No one knows where line in the sand is.
loverly RT : there's a reversal in equality + economic fortunes in all sectors incl. class ... heading back 2 1900s
The people at this shiznitt.>>>>>
I'm sure you'd hate the #jeep especially after I put some more lights..that things gonna look like
Looks good! Let me know if you need help with anything!
Im highly connected in wine boxes RT you think you can get me 3 or 4 empty wine boxes...need to move my wine!
Good [: its been like 2hours since you ate your sammich dude!;o
an interesting topic: some folks hyper tweet unfunny vulgar banter, some useless factoids, some news some r funny..
It's feeding into some crossover thing, no?
I'm good. Wat chu been up to?
A little birdie told me it was birthday. Happy Birthday to the #Insanity creator! Thank you for doing what you do!
lol. now they have. nice job.
Best time of the year: Restaurant Week Chicago! Excited for some good eats and great company to kick it off tonight.
RT Planning BootCamp PNW. Should be a great one!
Can not wait for #worldseries game 7 tonight! Should be a great matchup.
let me crush your moments (: face it michelle, were the whitest girls on the team..
My mom also thinks that 1D are just an innocent boyband. she has NO idea why I crack up listening to Candy Shop.
Hm.... what should tonight's sliders be?
Generosity is the desire of those who wish, following the dictates of their reason, to help others.
Please follow me!!! RT : RT of you want me to follow you!!!
she's grown so much and now into an orange pot by the balcony! I'll be east coast for a week in may! Coffee? Lunch? Cake!
Marc Staal wins it for the #Rangers in OT, who take a 3-2 series lead over the
Obama strengthened the lazy and complacent. That's what I can't stand about him the most.
talking about same issue today at StoryCorps
“: I have been craving ice cream lately”>>>gimme!!! Me too
That's pretty good.
#sad came in with one tweet and then left. #IWantHimBackOnline. :D
can you imagine the stink in something like that? #thatsjustgross WHO DOES THAT!??!
#TheConversation on #LifeTime was really good... looking forward to next weeks
It's been a lot of fun, I'm glad it's seeing the light of day. RT Amazing work. Thank you!
Thank you (;
Oh. My. God. Is this Turnbow 2.0? Way too soon to rush to judgement, I know. But still, I've seen this movie before.
Wtf do yall be saying in ur tweets???? Proofread ur tweet before you send it..
you're a gay man
He want da #cake #cake #cake #cake #cake #cake!
how are you sir? Hope all is well with you
the real question is if you were panting as hard as Jake seems to be at the top ? I would be :)
aww, thanks babe!
nice video on wshh,
I pinched my finger in my glasses case
"It was a scarf honed razor-sharp with rage." "That would be, like, the lamest Mortal Kombat villain ever." (#dareproject chatter)
Have a Happy and safe Halloween!
Haywire was awesome !
yeah . its aspen. but me and my cousin, we share a twitter . haha.
OK i Have seen Mikey and Mos Wanted Crew night :)
today seems like a good day :D
is in desperate need of some sort of supplemental income. And a nap.
I have no idea! Do you have a Spotify acct? I think there is a way to share but I've got to figure that out.
#nowreading A Walk to Remember :)
My sister is a bitch.
Ugh first day of class problems.
Thanks for checking in with us on Sunday! Hope you enjoyed your Sunday.
Shout out to the greatest foundation partner out der !
Why, thank you! You must have met Ms. Rodeheaver!
Carbon finally has a white whisker on the other side of his face. I guess I get to love him again.
IM just bored
I think you should move to #Vegas instead!! :) and i love ho stay humble and #GRAND your my fave choreographer!! :)
If i ever met einstein id ask him "wtf do u daydream about? Do smart things just come to u?"
It took me about three months but I got it memorized. Well worth the effort.
We have signed the recording contract. This will be my debut. A juxtaposition of operatic vocal technique and trip hop:)
So nice it's mentioned twice!! That last tweet is from Matthew 12:30 & Mark 9:40, respectively.
Like Eli im from New Orleans, I’m a giant in dis bitch! Yeah my #SAINTS goin to da motha fuckin’
Can't wait for my mini-vacation in Chicago in less than a month via !
Yeah it has! RT : At Franklin Tap to meet for lunch...been too long!
Shout out to my fam
same to me sweetie I kno what the hell u mean
Now Major Brooks wants to give out snacks in class...
I drop truth bombs “: Great to see and the beer garage today. palo alto is dope #beerinsuranceoffice”
You fuck wit me tuff homie BREAK sone BREAD !!!
Divorce, Voice, and What is No Longer Acceptable in Japan | Allison Alexy | 1:00 | Today | Brooks Hall 2nd Floor Lecture Room
got my workout on now a snack and then work 2-8 the BEST place to get quality merchandise at below low prices! "
sometimes u gotta do something u dont want to do, even if it kills u.
Emptied the dishwasher, cleaned out the fridge, and took out the trash. I wonder if my roommates think fairies do these things for them.
the brownies, yes. My house the chill spot? No
that's a good call.
TONIGHT!!!! KEVIN'S 21st BDAY BASH!!!!! BOTTOM OF THE HILL 830 PM $10 ALL AGES. AAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!
Spending Thanksgiving break in Wepo is detrimental to my health. Heading to Mohegan for Rishie's bday...CHYEAH
haha that's what's up, we need to hang while we're both still here then
Even after almost 20 years, Pulp Fiction is still one of the best movies of all time!
Kill it!
RT : The TRUTH Is... EVERYONE Is Going To Hurt You.. You Just Got To Find The Ones Worth Suffering For. ~ BOB MARLEY
Back where
RT : Do you want a touch screen tablet? Check out this deal from , help GMC, and catch up to the latest technology!...
A Wake-Up Call On The Subway This Morning From #Brooklyn 2 #Manhattan! A Man Spoke Abt Change & Things That Matter! On The Path 2
A brand is not just a logo, its your business ethics, personality, values & tone of voice.
I live at district 9 3/4 on P. Sherman 42, Wallaby Way, Narnia. In case you were wondering....."
people are petty, jealous and stupid. Haters do what they do because they see what they want to be...
Reiterate: still don't need to hear your shitty voice. I paid money to hear these guys on stage, as did you.
There's no shame in coming in second to in a shot gunning contest
no they lost by 1
Heading out of the office... looking forward to enjoying the sunshine!
I hear ya. How's the music coming along?
I feel crappy.
U Make You Special
Picking up Gears of war 2 here at best buy, Windows still rules here, Apple displays void of customers.
ELIMINATE YOUR GROCERY BILL, www.gasandfoodvideo.com then enroll at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I supply 125 leads a week
which hype?
As Black History Month gets closer we encourage you to invite your friends to like our pages for events in February at The U of M!
is #tolegittoquit ;D
when you find it, let me know.
Don't you hate those dreams that you wake up being upset about something that OBVIOUSLY didn't happen since it isn't real!? Stupid mind...
thank u!! Are you going to tonight?
It's possible
Dude you wouldmake my life <3333 cuz i loves you =]
2.5 more hours til our promo at Doctors in Germantown! Free beer samples, swag and a chance to win Brewers tickets! Stop on down :)
Why the fuck is kenny albert calling playoff hockey? The man has no emotion.
It's an exquisite pain, having 4 books I wish I could literally read simultaneously.
Spending some quality time with !
Dont forget the many ppl who lost thier lives due to the gov ignoring the area
my nigga Kevin Gates got that BR flow .
Contest: This is our 999th tweet. Tell us why you support and you could be retweeted for our 1,000th tweet!
are you sharing a room w chuck mangione?
Tryin to get Manchild on a feature. Serious business. What do we need to do..?
I was pretty much born with my heart on my sleeve and don't know how to be any other way.
Mike beat me to it-J. Shimon & J. Lindemann are phenomenal. & Wisconsinites.Also, Crewdson.& Dennis Hopper,bc he's Dennis hopper.
maybe conflicting values & misunderstanding among communities; issues btwn access vs stewardship (authority, authenticity,etc)
its amazing!
The major function of the #Olympics is to remind us that we are all members of a single human community.
Listening to the new bands demo songs..I am beyond excited. This summer!
kicking off the NJ Learns Keystone Year 5-day event!
I deserve more than what I get, don't you think?
reading your tweets is like Jacob finding out Bella only wants to be with Edward. Its just painful. ask and thou shall receive
I'm gonna let her borrow my book Lone Survivor you need to read this when she is done. It will rock your world!!!
loved farecast -- Bing's implementation is a bit buggy in terms of weekly emails to give me the next four weeks of flights tho
swear to god lol
Yessir! Epic work as usual homie
A quick reminder of my resolutions - to stop "trying" and take more naps - was enough for me to make better choices today.
To succeed, "you have to give up some control."
you don't see with no time i tell you to trust me. i make time why wait and waist time rushing?
depends on the company u have with the phone
Grizzlies ready to match any offers sent Marc Gasol's way, have to agree with that. The real question is, would the Celtics deal Rondo?
How can I send FanMail to ??? Help!:-)
Hey Arnold! Season Two, Part 1
Giving this another shot. Watching "Abduction." And once again, it's for the #HowDidThisGetMade podcast.
I need my recommended daily allowance of saturated fats.
I'm working with Twitterific. Better than Twitter, but not as good as Tweetbot.
still sore from saturdays hour long haul on a sandstone, diagonal crack at mt diablo. I look like I was in a fight with chickens.
How have you been, Mika?
hell yeah my boy you goin?
listening to old cds is so weird..
morning dear <3
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked......Do you have any kids?..smh
That moment on a train to NY, when you realize you left your work badge at home in DC... Just another kick in the head on this rough morning
LESS LOVE , MORE SEX , NO CALLS , JUST TEXT , New MALE , No EX , MORE SLEEP & NO STRESS
So sleepy but can't sleep.
Now thats what im talking about! #smash !
straight hair is so boring.
history is the best predictor of the future.
see we gone have to play the refs this game too
how bout some eggs in the mornin to go with those yummy biscuits? Commuter heaven.
First At the Drive-In reunites, then the Impossibles... who's next??? I'm looking at you, Jessie and the Rippers...
Good morning my friends! Just a reminder, the restaurant is closed on Mondays so we can get ready to create amazing BBQ for the week ahead!
okay I'll do it soon :)
#FF Thanks everyone
The high quality of a company's customer experience rarely has anything to do with the high price of their product.
MT : SB 354 (campus-carry bill) is dead in the House. Wentworth still looking for a vehicle.
hey dwade, havent seen u stop by ur hood. Robbins we miss u here,keep yo head up, play ur game.
Why do highly organized religious communities (e.g. the Catholic church and Hasidic Jews) have such a fear of transparency?
So sleepy. I'm not going to be awake until noon.
Had an awesome time at S+J Hideaway last night. Great friends, great laughs. Now it's hockey + stoup + prehub + a fire + a funny movie=perf.
Rock on! We welcome back as a sponsor for the Spring 2012 season of ! Top scorers will win 2 tix each week!
making major changes to the life I'm living, I had no choice I had to prove I made the right decision
I'm opening for R5 featuring Ross Lynch from Austin and Ally!
#WeWontWork if I can't trust you .
Yeah, will be the same thing next year
That's awesome I like the name haha let us know when you get some tunes up man :D
who are these clowns? I have a few items that have recently been repurposed to break over morons heads. They sound perfect.
Why? You really think having a ton of opinions makes you smart or something? Let's evaluate the opinions.
Simone Elkeles is a writing genius.
Sure did! Whats your poison? ;-D
gotta dream!
Utah: Alcohol sampling bill advances that allows restaurant owners to sample wine and liquor that they are considering serving.
I feel left out that my immediate family is all out in Pomona, CA for Shelby Cobra's 50th Anniversary w.out me! any venues?
I'm vegging it today! Its so hard to even leave the house!
couldn't stop a nose bleed last night.
RT : wanna get on #GOILLRADIO next week? SEND CLEAN CHICAGO MUSIC TO GOILLRADIO at GMAIL.com artists+managers RT!
Anyone else seriously love The Wanted?!
Just got back! Are you working tomorrow?
Friend- your obsessed with one direction! Me- Im not obsessed, im dedicated! (convo hapened 1 min ago)
This Fall was all about pre-production and rehearsals and recording basic tracks.
Rt If you thiink is awesome !!!!!
I wish I didn't go to bed mad every night
yah. Let's go right now
In NJ for the JCC Camp portion of the
I have bought every one since 92 and use starting QB records and Post Season info most. Also like P330 all time Reg Sea records
lol! RT : Best non-recruiting text ever from informing me Anchorman 2 rumors are true... Stay classy...
Dzekos goal still pitch perfect.
hey happy Turkey day!
My mom is annoying as fuck
If a capital asset in my org is now classed <$1000, then what are the <$400 systems I can buy for public classed?
Some of you have asked if you can get more tickets for HOB. Yes u can, just send us ur address and how many more you need!
A little blasting in the AM to start off what looks like a great week ahead. Ready to crush it!
Help us OBGYN... you're our only hope.
that's like finding a 20 in your pocket. YUS
space toilet indeed. That thing was terrifying.
Hugh our CEO is on the "analyze this" panel
LMFAO!!! lml i met you yesturday. how can i dream about you?
I'd like to thank the angel that left cold pizza on the counter top last night. Your efforts are appreciated. Thank you.
Thanks for the #FF! Have a good weekend. <U+2665>
Love new teen wolf yesturday night omg i cried when the alpha killed derek...Now its after scott :( no ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Encouragement for the Day: You are an unrepeatable miracle of God, Never Forget It!!
it's gansta now? What about ninjas, rockstars and unicorns????
...there is a reason the word man is at the beginning of the word manipulative...
FUKK IT IM COMPLETELY DONE WIT EC...JUS ME N ME ONLYY ~N.F.I.L.A~
SHOULD I GO TO THE GIANTS VS A'S GAME TODAY?
I hope I never lose this feeling
Main Street Church, 81 W. Main, Peru, IN ...Worshipping Now!!! Next service 10:30 AM... Overcoming life's Obstacles w/the Peace of Christ!!
Hans My Hedgehog <U+2764>
just blame yahoo! answers
I'm feeling that Bikram class. Oy.
If I had to smell one thing for the rest of my life, I'm pretty sure it would be the smell of a still-in-the-box Apple product.
1st day of #Final_Cut_Pro intermediate class. O boy... building the skill set some more. YAY!!!
So... He's better than Clint Barmes is what you're saying? Right, Walkie?
ExibeoSolutions is now looking for talented web designers and web developers.Send Portfolio/Resume and knowledge to
that stings quite a bit
its funny, though, that priests etc. are quasi agents of the state since they marry people and the state recognizes it
Diablo parties every weekend get mad stressfull
thanks for the RT! :D
Lets play a game. Big bank take lil bank
Happy Birthday to the always innovative and inspiring is lucky to have you as our fearless 21st century statecrafter.
. yes we have sets, which allow you to combine your recordings into a group. Here's one from recordings on
You learn more by losing than you do by winning but winning just feels better.
You're a good dude Mark.
Tough break for Derrick Rose and the Bulls....
Probably too late to catch you; but good luck and have fun!
Beside the "big 3" Miami's roster sucks.
Attending the One Day on Earth world premiere at the United Nations!
I'm a little late but thank you for the mention!
yea i need dat florida sunshine and dem florida girls gahahahahahhaahah
I hope I can make it on the air manana. N.D. showed little concern for my needs as a human being..big guys have big feelings
Ate my annual Cadbury creme egg. WHOA sugar rush. My teeth hurt now...
My life depends on Google, quotes, and my horoscope...
I remember her mentioning you now. What kind of work do you do there? I have never been.
About 200 protesters stop traffic for #occupyMN. No arrests.
wtf why who said that's ok
I caught u , and u can't get out of it !
Wow! My PM can't stand her!
How does one lose two seasons of on DVD? COME BACK.
Santorum crowd applauds for global warming.
The #PSVita is great. The battery is not.
RT : Grace means undeserved kindness. It is the gift of God to man the moment he sees he is unworthy of God's favor
But if you dare laugh at him He puts you in the snow That's how my father monkey Made me catch this cold! --A Ballad by Clay
How is everyone today?!
one of the homies just got a deal w Univ. thats whats up...
I was just talking about scandal the other night...it's def a great show
12 men on field - who are these Pats?
If u say real talk I prolly won't trust ya
yeah Gerry lots better. Watching celtics and Rangers. How r u?
I got my 1st veggie juice from organic avenue :) It's carrot, celery, cucumber, beet, spinach, Swiss chard, lemon, Ginger & parsley
#DaleJr is pissed. Wants to know how many times he has to pass the 27 tonight.
‘The Amazing Spider-Man’ is a Wanted Man in Daily Bugle Viral Video via
That boy lie so much, I start to believe him smh lol
I'm so mean to August. Okay, wait no. That's not true x3 haha
My Quote of the Day "A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.", Charles Darwin
yep, exactly. that's why I was put off by its designation "a new IDE concept"
The new song from Bruno Mars "just the way you are" is awesome
Looks like I'll be around this weekend (fingers crossed)- what are your hours? I so want to stop by! :)
When/how does drupal determine end of life for each of the major #drupal releases? Particularly thinking about D6. Cc:
I hope your playing ..!
The article is about more than that... The church vs. mosque construction permit process.
There's always somebody that's watching your girl that feels he can do better
um. define "inappropriately excited"
There will be times where you plant things that just don’t mesh with the rest of your
so secretive
#FF The star of USA's "Fairly Legal" (playing a mediator, NOT a lawyer!), the gorgeous Sarah Shahi!
Thanks to our guests, Allen Cote, Wild Space dancers, and Great Lakes Distillery for a fabulous time at Sat night's Winter Spirits dinner!
Loved the Rumplestilskin story on #OnceUponATime. Great acting and story @
There'll be no doubt about it after #singsit tonight! You'll be a true believer! Catch him at tonight!
Hope u are having fun on the way to meet u!
Fred Show. Ah, i love Fred <3
Regarding #Phils loss last night despite scoring 13 runs - most runs scored by a losing team in 2011 was 10 - happened 4X.
Hi!! Thank you to you and Sunny!!
Ryan Hollins blocked at the rim. #NBA coaches keep giving this guy playing time.
i can't believe i'm gonna be a momma to a two year old this July ! Time has flown ! Bentley , mommy loves and misses you angel <3 R.i.P.
- i Would Pay For Sleep Right Now . .
#knicks must give better effort. Can't keep getting beat down the floor and getting killed on the offensive glass.
Keep only cheerful friends. They pull you up.
Don't u hate it when ur in a public bathroom and the person next to u starts talking to u?!
Killin is ma business ladiiiieeees. And business, is, god
how are u doing?
You know I love you, but seriously do the dare!I would absolutely love to see you & do it!Pwease, do it for me?(:
It's ok~
Winning isn't getting ahead of others. It's getting ahead of yourself. -Roger Staubach
How's the heat treating you so far?
Don't necessarily nominate me for sainthood, but I just gave a VERY ugly woman directions
Tis the season, if you need any books or gift baskets for the holidays, hit me up.
philadelphia, where you can park in the trolley lanes to wave down and order bean pies.
Maybe it's cause I been on a diet idk
Cutest pair ever!!!
I know you are getting the munchies, arm yourself with raw nuts,apples and carrot sticks. DON'T hit the fridge for the leftover pizza!
Head to www.chrismasseyjazz.com and click "Donate" to make a contribution to the upcoming album. No donation goes unrewarded!
Happy Birthday!!
and I don't wanna do what i do forever but there's no harm in taking pride in your work
G'night Remeber, all of your angles are watching over you, everynight<3
1 mo' hour!
Fouls away from the basket in the bonus & fouls with 1 second left on the shot clock. That can't fucking happen.
txt me.
lol thank you but no not from fort worth, I'm from euless, idont know if you know where that is
When you start arguing that zero is greater than five it's time to stop.
Come on Cougs!!!
Fuck we got milk but no cereal
okay! date set for my sister's bridal shower! theme set too!
I am interested in volunteering for Betascape if you can dm me details.
you're weird.
His daughter will not be coming home with a child! Trust me on that one! Sarah doesn't live there & it's not Al
Maybe not I'm just gonna whine to bff.
M, mercury! Rt : That was really fantastic! Great choice, Kenji! #socialSushiRulz"
yeah I replied. The poem is great. Can you record vocals for that?
awww I love you.
#helc12 dog urinated on laptop , baby erased files excuses
RT “: Hey, Sudan Pres. Bashir, hope you've been watching Mladic & Taylor trials 4war crimes. That's your future!”...!
Seriously this match = mind.blown!
So excited for The Olivia Tremor Control next month, & Afghan Whigs this fall—my 90s Band Reunion Bingo Card is filling up fast!
awesome as always! U need brunch! :-)
Thanks for checkin out our grooves ! Come watch us play in Nashville next at The 5 Spot on 12/08.
camtasia you suck today, and its monday why why why
#What's your Beatles #1? Something- Do You Want to Know a Secret- I'm Happy Just To Dance With You- Here Comes The Sun- All My Loving- (1)
What is your favorite Windsor Airlift song?
Hot chocolate with bourbon.
So, who wants to meet up for a quick run and some form stuff next week?
That awkward moment when your dad all of the sudden wants to be best friends with your boyfriend.
“: Downtown is ghetto to a whole new level. Haha #abqgirls”
Provide positive feedback during an entire individual workout. Reinforcing growth and improvement is just as important as the reps put in.
Ok i was just going to say you could hit me up on there lol
Coolest driver in #Nascar tweeting fans from the track
thank u
I am sorry I didn't mean to block you
Taking a second to figure out where we are going to go with discussion
I'm guessin the GB Packers Logo? What movie is this for?
“: what an incredible job!!”amazing!
Have you ever read a book or seen a movie about the Holocaust?
We dont discremanate girlz no we luv em all my german chicks let me kiss u back open up ya mac book put me on ya lap
nuts and bolts, NCST got screwed, bad spot by the refs
Post Edited: Cheese Pairings for Great Wines
I know I have too many followers to know all of you personally, but to my followers I interact with on the regular, let me know you're ok.
at the disc replay place? lol
My husband and I went to the Twin Cities to pick up a friend of ours that was flying in from Texas. His flight was late and it was very v...
lovins sir :o) many blessings on you an tha fam..
Sometimes letting go of the pass makes the future that much brighter.
Had a great weekend <3 can't wait for Saturday!!! big day for me
...not counting Ireland which I think should become the 51st state but let's not get into that.
But is taking a potentially dominant guard on run first team doing that?
The Great Wall of China is 5,500 mi long! It passes through 10 cities and has 723 beacon towers, 7,062 lookout towers and 1,026 other ruins.
hey when are you visiting Korea???
Well, hello there!! :))
#BeliebersAreAllStupid Thank you :) At least we don't hate on a talented guy for living out his dream and his fans for supporting him
Siri, could God create a burrito so hot that he himself could not eat it?
RT : welcome back. //Awesome!
ah! And I thought I was being so creative (given your bio about books movies & entertainment! - lol!)
Okay I just finished singing my song. My teacher loves this song. I have to find a way to relate to it. I mean its pretty but job like it
But i know theres more to it...sighss
This night couldent get worst ):
Leather lounge is going crazy right now
no yet, we're still working on it. Letting you know for sure when it's done..:)
I love you though! Lmao
lol yeah I know <U+E415>
well that's good :]
lml : laughing mad loud
i sware youve got lips from heaven boy
I love life like a fat kid loves cake.
<U+200E>10 days, 10 hours, 55min, 20 seconds til New Years.... have you purchaased your ticket for The BIGGEST. The LAST. The BEST NYE PARTY EVER
Of the original historical dolls, only Addy and Molly appear on their website now. No Felicity, Kirsten, or Samantha.
Really Facebook...Stupid f-ing questions on books and movies deserve stupid f-ing answers. WGAF about movies and books someone else reads!
No worries I still have both kidneys
Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly.
I take 4 days off & the first thing I read coming back is Liggett has fired just about everyone & is on "hiatus". Wait, what?
Thanks for participating! It was a lot of fun, and I'm glad you found it informative. Hope to be back soon. n
Absent minded and preoccupied is where you look around for your wallet for FIVE minutes and then realize it's in your back pocket.
Was chatting w/ about building a pw/dir speed-dating thing-y, where we mix & match ...
Brandon you are amazing.Your role Niko in Sonny with a chance is fantastic good and cool.
which one?
Not material things but Im talking friendship
Damn Davey Jones, sad to see you go. Loved your band and many songs.
Oh awesome! We've been hoping a Wiki friend would help with his Wikipedia entry.
Good...yes of course! Lively, helpful, informative, all of the above : )
I fucked up my toe middle finger aghhh what am I gonna do?!? It hurts so bad
Thank gosh! igoogle has a Jeff Foxworthy "You're a Redneck if..." app. My dashboard is complete.
well hello there. ;)
I didn't care much for baseball before meeting my bf, but I'm glad it's a part of my summers. :)
I feel so naked without my phone
You're right...cause she would not have been patient while you were being a puss!
Between each entry? It might make it pop more. Just a thought. FYI: I'm viewing on my iPhone.
Yes!! Let's! I want to see the baby in her little hat. ; )
Ultimate boarder today was rad! Steve Caballero took 1st and was repping consuul!
Having nick and makes before CPR class tonight. You are welcome dummy I will be putting my mouth on.
lead me to the truth and I/ will follow you with my whole life
That was curious.
that is so true in life more than you'll ever know
This Friday 6-8:30 PM is our opening reception for OFF the SQUARE and the Nature of Joy. We're pretty excited... hope you are too!
I'll be keeping you guys updated about tonight's game.
lol yeah i heard...mubabrak finally left.
C'mon, folks, give the details.
watching My Name Is Earl
you account has been hacked. Log in and change your password. You sent me a DM i have seen many times. Good luck!
The "Like for heaven ignore for hell" shit on facebook is pissing me off
I think you should sing "How far" by Martina McBride!! <3
was amazing. 75 people from the Madden team in a theatre, all us clapping and/or crying. Seek this movie out!
Happy Mothers Day (:
Watching a movie, food, drinking wine and enjoying time with my panda
based on that ridiculous statement, I think he is hiding his stimulus in your mouth
No offense to , but I'd make a better boyfriend for So AJ, call me ;)
and a puppy? youre living the good life!
Ireland (ancestral turf).
Got lots done today on new mac desktop at work. Editing film clips and encoding into RM to connect onto timeline. (Thanks, )
can you say when/how will that be shared?
..you never really go on this account.. :P
Happy Birthday
New rule. Every Yr Steelers will have permanent spot in Super Bowl. Rest can fight for the 2nd spot.
I had the weirdest dream about Jelena.
hey man you were on tv, dirk got slashed up there huh?
rent us a party bus full of beer and we are there
That's true. They never really got pops or real heat when they came out to the ring to begin with.
Hah well thank you ;) you kinda kickass
- On people copying others. That is not flattery. It's a sickness. Shows lack of effort & innovation. Get a life people. Oh, AND medication!
Go to arma.bandcamp.com and download 3 preview tracks off of Samples of Delirium, released in March and name your price (we think free?)
Bummer! I know you're super busy. I need to run out and get some hanging baskets!
Very well : ) RT Damn, I got some sexy ass female followers.....how ya doing?
haha I'm ready for this! Lol
Nothing like a Tarpon Bend lunch!
says “Lakes command respect.” You got that right!
I wonder what kind of porn do pipe fitters enjoy?
Now live on
The truth doesn't cost anything, but lies will cost you everything.
You should follow me! #ILoveYou #FollowPlease :)
which song?
Im bouta be back in the gym startin tomorrow mornin! Money and Good Weed make a nigga lazy!
This is when i leave CVS trying to figure out what I'm forgetting. I'll know in about 10 minutes.
who's the RHINO rooting for??
your welcome(:
Forgot to watch the last Oprah! Drat!
<---RIP Donna Summer!
Are any of my followers in Statesboro? HMU if you are
I'm going to take a nap before I start homework.
I come back from vacation to see #Tap1year trending world wide. I'm so proud of them <3
Another boring night
not being able to schedule the classes my advisor wants me taking in the fall until I am enrolled in ACC 202 for the summer is irriating
Thank you for RT! Be sure to check out our giveaways every Sunday!
Lmao,nope not yet he was busy, im gonna try again today. Its so hilarious how we walk out to get the mail and its like,oh hello
as in compassion for needy children but not for adults?
and many congrats for the fabulous day you've had, today!
oh man is that a dream come true. That should be snapped like a heart!!
watching a tivo of the Milwaukee Holiday parade. Looking for any Milw Lutheran Band kids we know. Next year Brett will be marching!!
#LenGoodman, you suck! should have gotten a 10 from you!
Please let it be a kitten!
welcome back! Hope the conference w/ was a good one - prepared for another great annual fund year!
A1: Galleys...not point in cutting there. You have to read a literary title to love it.
Just had my first bagel + cream cheese + lox in over 2 yrs. It was fabulous!
you've got google+ mail.
Great turnout already. All five jobs have been given out!!!
Hillel has been running weekly Shabbat services and meals for a number of years. Also 7 years of a balanced and growing budget.
thank you Adrianna. Big hugs.
John Kuhn is higher than Marshawn Lynch
Cruce's RBI double to right centerfield scored the first run of the game for WKU. ULL leads 9-1 after three innings.
At least an honorable mention for her extremely entertaining tweets!
Dreaming of the greatness that was christmakuh 2k11
Aw hahaha!:) RT : I love u !!foreal (staring at u wit creepy stalker face) lol
#IHateWhen people assume
Jay-Z is talking about his book
Thanks! Glad to be aboard!
It's a all black kinda day.
#powernap good night
Check out this absolutely adorable website and twitter for party ideas and supplies. It's girly, so you know we love it! xo
Someone who knew someone who knew someone who knew #Confucius said: "He who lives in a glass house should dress in the basement."
I am craving one of your cakes right now but I am home with a cold. Sure wish you delivered to my neck of the woods!
Excited about dinner Spoon and orchestra seats for Cirque Du Soleil's Michael Jackson tribute at Staples Ctr. Yaaaay!!!!
I can only thank God that the Mohair Subsidy Board didn't survive long enough to see this.
morning! Off to school today? Gym later?
Thanks for following me Sarah!
Getting ready for Fathers Day with my boys! #daddy's
I love #LifeChangersInternationalChurch. A place to BELIEVE, A place to BELONG, A place to be LOVED.Pastor
Definitely feeling this new stuff.
Opening: Albert Nobbs, A Dangerous Mind, Continuing: The Artist/Car Crash Opera, The Iron Lady, The Descendants
ya its got pearl in it
Just gotta say I was stoked to see u in the premiere issue of :D Much <3 xoxoxoxo
this will be my first time in NYC. I hope to do some sight seeing this time.
Omg shoot out on my block <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Maturity is not attained in a day, but through the quiet systematic direction of thoughts and the cultivation of virtues. -Manly P Hall
Before move to AMD, Intel engineer stole documents: A former Intel engineer pleads guilty to stealing documents just before he left I...
I ain't been to church in a minute, but td.jakes is talking to me in this sermon im glad I came to see him.
That's the ticket! Keep it up! RT : enjoying LARGE bkfst after rough workout!
Looking for a new apartment in Astoria for June 1st. We've had enough of the mildew, and don't want to be here while its being t... (FB)
After a brief hiatus. The question is... Craziest thing you saw or learned in the last 5 days? Oh by the way. Can't stop looking at TFLN.
lol thank you I look so cute <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
RT Ate so much this break...time for the after turkey day diet and exercise plan!
Drinking milk to help me fall asleep
Love it. Duck Dynasty is another good one. “: The folks on the show "Swamp People" are absolutely insane,& I'm okay with that.
Love this weather!
Young man on CAMPUS PD peed himself while being arrested and kept saying "Please...Please!" to the officer. Top that, MAD MEN!
Congrats to my good friends and on
Thanks for listening to the Bossa Nova Breakfast Enustakat!
Thanks for the feedback! I was wondering how many people use an iPad in the core writing process.
ty Happy Easter!
we will be saying that about u 1 dayTai!! Can't wait for u to get to seattle so I can watch u pitch! #keepworkinghard!
Amen brother! RT : The honorary 10 count (with cigar and fedora) for the late Bert Sugar gave me chills.
oh crap!!! My #1 fan!!! I'm SO sorry!! I'll get right on that!
Raced home from the BEST BIRTHDAY WEEKEND EVER just in time to order pizza and tune in for kickoff. Didn't miss the 10-hour pregame one bit.
We told you all that Urban Flight Apparel is a different, bold, & unique brand. WE ARE NOT AFRAID to encourage you..so go for it!
#NP J. Cole- "Nobody's Perfect" Ft Missy Elliott
Gotta love them California girls! MT : Going to collect recall signatures today outside the Badger game!
Positive anything is better than negative nothing. -Elbert Hubbard
Tune into 98.5 The Beat....we goin LIVE!!!!!
OLP seeks top instructors for online interactive webinars & courses. Pays stipend. Need tech, lit, corp, securities.
RIP Maurice Sendak.
back at the Lomax Archive performing digital archaeology all day. At this point it's really just digital a&d.
Thanks for the answer. I'm still refining my photo only storytelling, but multimedia will come soon!
Coming Soon - Free Jazz Internet Radio Station - This is going to be great - Stay tuned -
lol, ya it's an acquired taste.....
Bike riding after work!
Thank you sir, preciate you taking the time. I think your #Sixers have just enough toughness and athleticism to get Boston.
Come and get those gyro !!! We are open till 3AM!!! Yes, you read it correctly 3AM!!!
Huge props to #dmap community at #Pitt for moving over w/ #dhdebates speakers to another building after event interrupted by a bomb threat.
We've got another captcha alternative if Honeypot doesn't work for you.
Another long day of school tomorrow. Goodnight.
oops I meant you've lost that loving feeling <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
I think i kinda miss you
Glad you like it. It is still a bit in testing phase. You are the first person to notice it!!
Real Estate #attorney positions open in law firms #NY and #PaloAlto For more info email .
Last year did poetry cafe with codes on the tables for people to scan to read kids' fave poems.
yay! I never get referred to as intimidating
All I want is a band.
want to see something funny? Go to YouTube. Grandson gets brain freeze
That song brings back memories of ABDC 6
I don't wear make up. I never could color inside the lines
but will you make the data avail to researchers?
The amount of hate I have for this girl in my Italian class...... It's too much!
its funny how ppl always come to me talkin about their problems but when im going through it i cant think of no one to talk to !
Tweet about it!
From the "Self Made Myth" to the reality of us all building prosperity together. There is a social contract that binds us.
Seis de mayo is not nearly as fun as cinco.
how can a google spreadsheet just straight up disappear?!?
Life is difficult, and difficulty is the only path to wisdom. - Dr. David Jeremiah
all it said was my name...I'm confused lol
Oh good, I see no restore points in VMware Data Recovery
i'm 99% sure an 11-year-old girl will beat you to it! i am not familiar with that song, but it sounds very disney channel.
Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could; some blunders and absurdities have crept in; forget them as soon as you c
With my sweet daughter watching Speak Now DVD. We just love this girl. :)
Rolling with the punches
Wife: I'm sick of you dropping little hints about me needing to loose weight. Me: Oh, lighten up.
Somehow not only for Christmas But all the long year through, The joy that you give to others Is the joy that comes back to you.
Happy Hour 2pm-7pm w/ wine tastings all day.*Tuesday new food items- Herb Meatball w/Romesco Sauce- Arugula Salad W/goat cheese& apple vin.
I just wanna smoke & go to sleep.
thanks for the follow!
Tonight at 8:30! NEW MULTITUDES at Webster Hall, NYC concert with Jay Farrar, Jim James, Will Johnson & Anders Parker!!!
Hey, thank you for the retweet! This is the first time I've revealed this new stuff, so I'm sensitive atm, and that was awesome. :)
Happy Birthday Yankee Hotel Foxtrot.
You can say that again . . . and again . . and again! Thug Wade is a dirty player. Period. End of story. Nuff said.
Haha, they'd think I'm corrupting their children! Lmao.
Karl Hess is a one man wrecking ball of my soul!!!
chilling & talking to this boy
"when i hear Lady in Red i think of the young and the restless, she was dancing in a red dress.... ill never forget that" -chris
Just returned from two exceptional recording sessions at Firehouse Studios in Los Angeles area.
"I can resist anything but temptation." Ha! Good Hump day to ya! Voodoo
cause for a moment we all thought you crossed the street x) but note we know your on the right side with us x)
Well I hope the Knicks win tonight
Scholarly publishing as a barn-raising: useful for product but also process & experience of doing it.
I think today will be a funny obscure words day.
doesn't matter who you are. you're an example to someone. what kind of example are you?
Joker of ruffryders I will miss u n :<3 u always R.I.P papito ur n angel now .
Can't say I feel great about having almost 40 year old Brodeur having to go to another OT. I am freaking out
Where was lunch?
you're the best! <3
I must admit, the frequency of events like these and others concerns me; then again, this has always been a part of who I am...
R/T Ladies stopping dating local celebrities if you can't deal with all the attention he's getting, gotta go they the grind to get to shine
Any of my followers have an Xbox360? I need worthy opponents for NBA 2K12.
There's still time. Lol
Thanks for sharing the link to your blog. You are hitting on some hot topics - critical for
TJ was suppose to let me chill at his crib today... but it's cool
Wow I have a different Opinion of Mike Adams after reading his Press Conference.He Loves the Steelers,gotta Love the Guy
Our C-Zen Happy Zen Pillow™ helps you relax and feel more comfortable...
Dark Shadows was really good! I love Tim Burton movies<33
U cant teach a wolf to be a domestic dawg
was awesome on Letterman-But he's so damn UN-enthusiastic. +1,000. Letterman FACEPALM x10,000! I dont even wanna tag him!
It's not our money or our freedom that the global elites want to take away, its our very souls.
All I trust is in my money.
Hi all! Thanks for your tweets! Thanks for following! www.joborworker.com
Weird dream
one of my biggest and dumbest fears in life is saying and/or typing boo when i mean to say bro
you tweet WAY TO MUCH! lol
Glad you loved them!
#CAD2012 imagine and create!
“: Make the best damn lemonade ;-) RT : When life hands you lemons. . .” yup Spec!
Niggas is wack I can't say it plainer than that
Its Blog Day @ Cup of Joe. Come enjoy the atmosphere while you're blogging & receive 10% off your order. Come over & make our space yours.
#VoteHungerGames for absolutely everything
Well I'm bout to go to sleep
Two of my aerospace engineers are writing about "less lethal" weapons this semester. It's been really hard to guide their writing.
#ImWeakFor mint skoal and bar down g-notes
40k at the
V-cube will be webcasting the ACT NOW Conference on May 15th! Please join us in this great event! For more info, please call (714) 507-0338
Show time for Game 7, #NYR and #Caps. How big is the 1st goal in this one?
So that talking etrade baby was awesome. Like three years ago. Enough already.
I know I will LOVE it! fabulous recipes are the way to my heart!
good morning everyone i hope everyone has a wonderful day(: I love Justin and all beliebers R Epic!!
thanks for the following
i just really like amanda and bon iver
Same to u...thank u...that was nice of u to say.. <Zee>
more like in my tub xD
Yet another reason why the NRDC needs a presence in the Lone Star State!
can i have somee? :)
and you guys always make me smile <3
had a great audition today, played a pregnant woman giving birth...pretty sure I scratched my vocal chords from screaming so much....
God Morning everyone!
Congrats A great get for
& placed a bounty tag on every1 else": On the news side, was just told the Saints have placed the franchise tag on QB Drew Brees."
Off to so some Xmas shopping. Any ideas for great books? Oh wait...LOL
Chomp a rug Fatcake
Idfc what you're fangirling to at the moment. K? K.
he's definitely Marmalard. Alas, he can't be a Nixon White House aide and end up as Greggie does
I knew that watching an American Horror Story marathon before bed was a bad idea! 4hrs of sleep.
more people die off alcohol than drugsl..but they ban drugs,ok idk,not like drugs is a good idea.
33 more days
No kidding
looks awesome wish i was that brave. I will shave it off but coloring scares me. Took me 6 mths to talk myself n 2 hilites
we will be paying for his lung cancer too
s/o to for #mondaypromo this #bud is for u
WWF worked with Coke to bring awareness to the environment with the white cans & raised over $2 mil says
but do you have your coffee now too?
Whew! : nope, it was a fake. People RT'd it, but when I went to his actual timeline, it wasn't there. Had his avatar and everything.
Took care of that, now i'm gonna see the Avengers
Happy Birthday to the amazing Jaime<3 ;
Bang this last one
Hi! I will definitely check it out- hope you are doing well! Also check out the #dellsxsw feed this week.
So my grandma just got a call saying at school for the next two weeks the dogs will be there.
Ungooglable. Do you know name of NYC woman founder w/ company that finds event spaces?
The best should have his own perspective on writing codes.
": Huh so someone got a Double Eagle at the Masters, impressive but I got a Triple Eagle in Mario Golf once" hard to do lol
Another championship performance by Donald Driver!
Fixin to go to wally world had fun with and all my other girls and my boy friend last night!(:
May the 4th be with you! Going to see The Avengers again :-)
You don't have to know someone to care about them.
"Make It In America" is stuck on my head :{) that song is really cool!
TEAM UP.. GO UP
I have no idea, as to what you just said. And that's why it was epic. I had to RT it.
Took a look at the #STS11 program this morning. Looks like a bang-bang conference.
Final table, low stack
Be sure to follow along for SCOPE Basel in June and SCOPE Miami in December: using #SCOPEArtShow & tags
Goodnight all time to get some<U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C>'s
Saw SafeHouse last night with my baby Great movie
Didn't think that was a foul on Anderson, seemed like Teahan just slipped and fell
Thanks, Todd! Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family!
Call me a football nerd but only 168 days until the 2012 #NFL season! :D
well done. well done.
I wish I had known, I would have applied. Oh well, Madison is amazing!
Come and get one in the yarbles!!!... if you have any yarbles.
#truth RT that's also a lesson why you don't want one provider for all of your services.
congrats on win
": wants M Bachmann to use gaydar gun on her husband Marcus" Poor Marcus. He can't help that he looks like Chaz Bono Sr.
Speed cameras suck.
GM Boss Lady, how's it going?
Don't forget the lawyer said RT It's not he said, she said. It's he said, she said, she said, she said, she said.
just left the house to go to work. Colin going to "the office" is going to be weird for a while, but I'm excited for him!
Take money, to make money.
People who pressure people Into NOT doing something are just as bad as people who pressure them to do something. Make your own decisions.
is #awesome. That is all.
give it a try! if you what other options, I can share other apps that upload to #soundcloud. you know we love feedback :)
just saw Tebow in the stands gotta get his attention!
ZOMG OBAMA ENDORSED GAY MARRIAGE! My marriage will never be the same! ... Oh. Wait. Actually, it's *exactly* the same. Imagine that.
Don't try to force someone to stay in your life. If they want to go , let them go......
That is what I want to know!
It is a great day to start planning and setting goals for something you want to accomplish in your life. Ask for help if you need it!
what channel is that on comcast?
Setting up a new media program? Want to be a new media director? Come learn how in Room F with and
Mike Gospel -- Are you home or in Oxford? Kevin and I are coming to Oxford tomorrow for the Miami/Michigan State hockey game!
Focus on unrestricted endowments for unknown future needs
Tonite(Wed) 7PM! Bicyling 101 With Cory! Learn basic bike maintenance for FREE! Tomorrow(Thu) 6PM! Bike Ride & A Beer! See you@ Cory's!
One follower? Bahaha. I'm such a loser.
that's happened to me a couple times...it makes you feel like half a man not having the power of the kick.
LOL I live by the motto "To each his own" but he does need a facial hair/grooming makeover.
I always tried to turn every disaster into an opportunity. - John D. Rockefeller
So now Obama is telling me what I'm interested in and I shouldn't worry about him infringing on free press? GO TO HELL OBAMA. MF
Is it the screen ?
Sushi is amazing.
What is everybody doing today?
RT Was there really a clamor among the public for another "American Pie" movie?
Lesson learned!
Haha yeah. And Grizzly Adams had a beard. Grizzly Adams DID have a beard.
I don't wanna go bald, I just want grey hair...
haven't seen you for many moons. Hosting a beer and cheese class like you suggested. It's in Lodi if you're into it. Cheers!
The holiday spirit also means it's less likely I am to get someone on the phone or into a meeting. But, I will stay on it today. Tomorrow???
you are so sexy
Living, He loved me. Dying, He saved me. Buried, He carried my sins far away. Rising, He justified freely forever!
That's just friggen great.
That's my ppl right there! MT : Today at the #OccupyUnionSquare #reference desk: corrected a misuse of 'sadomasochist.
it's definitely up there.
. Congrats on finishing your undergraduate career !
was here :*
Waiting for the T storms to pass so I can fly to Los Angeles...
RT if you want to win a signed autograph !
Gonna make a a video for Angel tomorrow.. #RIPAngel <3
Utilize staff talent to offer specialty programming like using social media to find a job. (I do a program like this too.)
TRAFFIC ALERT: All lanes blocked on I-94 WB at MM 254 before HWY 73 due to a traffic incident, use alternate routes.
Show saturday in COLUMBUS, GEORGIA!! At the soho bar & grill. Wheres our GA fans at?
Dustin Penner for Bryzgalov. He just needs to lay his fatass in front of the net and boom...98 shutouts.
New Avatar. Awe Yeah....
really hope we never have lamb and ham at work in the same day ever again
Fuck it , its time to do what makes me happy !
What I learned: Sheed=awesome! Christian Sanders is underrated! Yates is a bit overrated and for WB to win LJ must take control.
#Troy Brown. Great time Bill, thanks!
Cris Carter not getting in the hall this time is a shame.
Hate the Heat
ya uh i have nothing to say to that besides..buffalo wings.
it is the south. Are you surprised.
Outstanding Student Organization Program of the Year -- DayGlow!
I was also affected by the "missing files" issue before your downtime. Any word on whether they're still safe?
Thanks for following my movement strictly for #Divas&Gents
"Serendipity" luck in making deseriable discoveries by accident
The Day the World Discovered the Sun by Mark Anderson the best I've read this year. A history book with suspense novel hooks.
It's just not the music that gets your band noticed. It's also the photos we make for your publicity.
It's getting crowded!
i Just Said No ?
What's that noise I hear outside? Is it windy or something?
The watcher.
I walked outside and a piece of ice hit me in the head....what the hail
i mean i went 18 years w/o make up soo im not gonna get my fake wrinkled all up
I really needa stop thinking about him</3
We apologize if you were unaware of this fee. We've had it for many years. Our tax rate is 14.92%
Looking for an #apartment in Chicago or know someone who is? Follow us on Twitter to see more!!!
Success Is a strong weapon
RT : 911 #GeorgeZimmerman tape reminds me of WEB DuBois's question: How does it feel to be a problem?
"Sperm is cheap." -psych prof
#free Step up and be a sponsor the first ever free online store give the 99% a Christmas donate to free heal america store
The only winning move is not to play!
How much revenue would the buffet rule actually raise each year?
and , is in the bunk below me crying b/c he misses you girls. #comebacksoon!
on in 1 minute.
- damn nvm that's a no go lol
haha awww I feel special now
Thank you for the RT last Friday. Hope you had a good weekend!
Again, works like a charm, daily app across Mac, Linux, and Win!
next time I buy a ticket to africa it will be because I'm going!
To funny :)
On Nov. 6, 1860, Abraham Lincoln was elected President. By the time of his inauguration in March, seven states had seceded.
wouldn't tell That hurt lots ppl here
#MemoriesICanNeverForget when we shoved a whole cake on my brothers. I always had the best times with you... I miss you already
#HarryPotterChatUpLines Are you a dementor? Because you just took my breath away.
ok so i got these pants to day they fir me everywhere perfect but...there was a f*cking muffin top and the zipper wouldnt go up FML
Change of pace-what music do you WANT to hear in your workout today? For me: New Morrissey song "I'm Throwing My Arms Around Paris"
"get us to the goal line," sez Rep Anzelc. How many football puns will be subjected to during the debate?
looks awesome guys! Real instruments in a studio ...love that!
Yellow Jacket wasps can turn the toughest acting man to a screaming, crying wimp in seconds!
Nothin like a 3-way #skype sesh with & to brighten my day.
My jam!
i feel like i don't belong anywhere. i don't fit in.
Congrats to my niece who graduates high school 2day! Hugs&kisses to Mom on her 76th bday! & Happy Anniversary to my brother & sisterinlaw!
silverstein's my absolute fave. followed by my chem. love christofer drew though.
my question now is, if nobody will even spend a pick on him, will they even let him come into camp? NFL is so gunshy w/r/t injuries
How will you celebrate American/Colorado Craft Beer Week next week?
The frontotemporal dementia clinic at CSUN is accepting new clients for the summer semester.
Tony Chase takes stage as only second African American to Chair GHP.
I Pot Classic - All American marijuana
My light-skinned cuz from NC is in Philly 2night...! Tix are still available at the box office!
Are you guys not doing the Ugly Sweater party at mulligans? I have to go harass He's in big trouble with me.
I'm jealous of your ability to tweet and sleep at the same time.
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions.
What's the best way to remember what all I did last night? Things are fuzzy
Wait.... Are you in Grand Rapids?
That's about the sweetest thing anyone's ever said to us. Thanks! What's your preferred concoction?
yay! marathon on a rainy day awesome!:) <3
Amen! RT #PIMPtipoftheday: stop whining and do the work. No one owes you success. Earn it.
They ain't nun but night-moves hoes
Pfft. Love yourself & everyone else will too. Whatever you look like, OWN it. That makes you beautiful!
Cutler is already pouting. Let's go #bears!
sometimes the reason is just the weather and the reaction it elicits from the oil glands in the scalp
In the air, then down, Spine against the iced porch deck - Yanked by my leashed dog.
HEALTH NEWS FLASH - NEW REFORM HEALTHCARE PLAN @ YOUTUBE SEARCH FOR HEALTHINSURANCE411 (STOP BREATHING RX) TELL EVERYONE YOU KNOW!!!!!!
time and place
In anchorage i will not sleep this early
I love you too boo.
Really. ": I honestly would cry if Jelena broke up."
Sunday or Saturday
I'm As Free As My Hair.
Does anyone even use Path?
Channing Tatum as a stripper. > > >
If I'm in love with someone is with my city... I LOVE you MILWAUKEE!!'n
I wish 42 really was the answer to the world, the universe, and everything.
Bitch stop fronting no bitch anit never Plunked me!
waiting to go to MD
French toast breakfast (linner? Lol). Where you at?!
So awesome Octavia Spencer won
Thanks!!!! Blessings!!!
In the liquor store playin church music sellin booze.
Sometimes I just like to sit outside my building and flip people off as they walk by. Well, not really but it's tempting.
next game you come back, please slam Mike Smith's head in the wall! I'll b happy to pay the $2500 fine & watch u play next game!
ughh mosquito bites suck;/
Love all the support! - ": #SHOUTOUT #FOLLOW these #DragonflyRockstars #AWESOMEFOLLOW"
“: I am so confused as to what day it is. :(” The day after and two days till gameday. That is all you should need.
that freestyle was Awesome (: lol FOLLOW ME PLEASE
Research and Markets: Emergency Care Management 2012
If a picture is worth 1000 Words, I think I'd rather stare at the movie poster for ten seconds than see the movie.
*" If i upset youu , don't stress. neva forget, God isn't finishedd wit me yet ."*
Is the Mat Kearney show sold out?!
Barnes moves Matisse mural The Barnes Foundation moved their largest painting, "The Dance" by Henry Matisse to it's new building on the P
UNI listening on repeat, thanks for introducing his music to me
hahaha the next challenge is to find the the challenge!
ahah i never said that.
LUCKY B*TCHES. RT : Asian fans will get to see his happy trail cuz without a doubt, junsu will come out nekkid in one song
nice one. Its pretty cold in Melbs today :(
what you do today ?
lmfao punk u would u guys got ready 4 jimenas bday already ?
Yup, all this is necessary to produce greatness in you - don't despise the process!
1317 lucky number? (:
glad to hear that. Keep on rocking Jeff!
"There's got to be something more than this in a life full of exits and entrances."
and what, I don't see you commenting on Alicia keys sleeping with a married man, and she knew it. You can get off Fantasia.
Oh no! That's your entire life in that suitcase!
reba again huh?
I wish I could sleep.
Good point.
Softball season right around the corner, lots of student/athlete's to follow this season. National Scouting Report, www.nsr-inc.com
sorry haha it's just that i hate the Flyers.... alot...
"Build better not bigger: Build to last, Build to inspire!" - Sarah Susanka
So exhausted. Definitely have BBQ sauce, frosting, and possibly snot on my clothes.
I don't get people.
On a rainy day am working on my music video and pre-production with my producer.... BLONDE KID ENTERTAINMENT BABY!
I swear bro stop talking that nigga #beinwatched smh
I just started last night on pc. How do you like it?
Tonite @ 9pm @ Andy's Jazz Club: Sunday Jazz Jam Session. $10 Admin, Musicians are Free, Vocalists welcome. 11 E Hubbard. Hope 2CU there.
"The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible." Arthur C. Clark
Realizing the amount of discipline it makes to both work from home and work for yourself.
Heat play todayy!!
Just picked up wounded warrior project packet for Saturday. Excited!
bring this sandwich option to Arizona please......
so wtf am I gonna do for two hours
get it while it's hot. I am probs changing it soon.
Not able to drive, sadly. If you ever come to Portland, OR coffee is on me. Thanks for your insights & hard work in edu
Been watching Varitek play since I was 8 years old. An ideal role model.
#PinkGirls will be #PrettyInPink tomorrow at upfront! RT : No pink wig?
merry Xmas to you as well Ms. Alexi!
Im still here today. Hit me up
Hope our cast and crew are having an amazing few days off! Get your tkts NOW as we are filling up our last four shows FAST!
What a cool mom! The clown poster and "get away" car was too funny. So...what happened to you? I kid.
If anyone has Andrew Luck's cell phone number, please pass it along. Want to see if he's interested in buying our condo.
: yess.. yess they are.! Lolz =) & well why don't you.?
hey Pastor..Mz Coles concert...is it ticketed?..sorry for all the questions...
recommends young people don't censor themselves or neuter personality, but be smart about using social media
I agree, which one's seem interesting to you?
I think has the hashtag for the week. #ReadyForRevengeInChicago Couldn't agree more!!
Bryce Harper batting .355 6HR 20 RBI 4 SB, hell skip AA send this kid to Syracuse now and get him ready for a June call up to the Nationals
I reallllyyyyy want a southern belle t-shirt. Or like all of them!
Nice! is now following me. I'll either impress or annoy the living $h*t out of her.
I need to get out of this bustier top immediately. I feel my ribs about to crack.
#FF in whom I am well pleased. Beware the 13th snookums.
#idol -Colton rocked. Not quite his best but still strong.
Most women never even dream about being a size 4. The modeling industry needs to rethink the message they're sending.
i didnt get to meet anyone in today! #fml :(
what we have built
Closed SHORT $NZDUSD for +10 pips profit; 1% of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 76% SHORT
Yet LA only has 2 fouls in the 2nd half. RT : Some of the screens in this DEN-LAL game have been as hard as the checks in USA-CAN
sorry i left you on skype last night :(
All the limburgs, not sure which one the cheese comes from.
Watching NFL replay with
hm..President McRhobie did a press release today..positive impact on our #IUPUI students...wonder what it was. Didn't hear about it till now
Really thought Green Bay was going to pull out the win.
Vienna. Or Hawaii. Tough choice
hex yea
I don't know why.
Thanks for the heads up Jude. I updated that plug-in this morning, but I guess it wasn't fully bug tested.
Live life dont let it live u#its to $hort
make sure it's more than one tat, and that the piercing is not in your earlobe
Soups had every bit as much salt in them then as they do now
What’s on your pizza today?
Work then mall then work then tonight(;
If i die tomorrow, i just want to let u know that i love u... haha jk i hate you(;
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
mine gets thicker and longer fast..its annoying.
Hard to believe these awesome shots coming out of a 2 megapixel camera! First site is [
If you heard something far off in the distance, don't worry. That was just me getting shit DONE.
:) I live to serve!
until you understand the premise illegal, all your talking points are total rhetoric!!!
Just saw a video of the honey badger. Damn, he is fearless!!! I want to be that way. Ok, maybe not as violent, but fearless :)
He looks hurt
Miley cyrus blasting, what a good morning! (:
Oh I'm sorry, I think you misunderstood, irrelevant bitch. Your tweets are fucking stupid. Kaythanksbye
thanks for joinin gus! !
Awesome! You are going to rock it!
A little late to the game, but Avatar - wow.
": Knowing isn't the problem! NOT knowing is what fucks ya head up!"
Time to hide my face for the masquerade party tonight!!
Now my twitter wanna work
They say I look like mama I say I look like my money
Ha! Happy early birthday! And no promises. ;)
Please tell me I'm hallucinating and that I didn't just see a commercial for BreathGemz with Larry King on MSNBC.
This production more psychological than sociological=framed more as WIlly's individual problems, not those of society 2/2
K, 4 those that watch Chopped-All-Stars. I want to eat that bitch Penny alive! :) Just sayin'! :)
nice placement with the techstars wristband :)
And I'm talking up my team for smack and it's 1:30 and I'm maybe not on top of my game right now and thought you were serious-er
OH: Are you, like, drink appropriate?
!!!M.A.J.M!Modern art jewelry movement ://www.etsy.com/listing/90950881/geometric-triangle-earrings-with-orange?nc=1 Geometry a must!!!!
RT I should of know shoulda known that she was crazy than a MF crazy crazy crazy
The Container Store is a really brilliant idea.
Alera Ravino Big & Tall Series High-Back Swivel/Tilt Leather Chair ...
Compared To My Love Eric That I See EVERYDAY And Been Knowing For Some Years Dude Come On Now Dumb Ass Nigga THINK!
The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I am come that they might have life John 10:10 a
Miss you Dad and Grandpa Schimming
Hello there! I hope you're doing well!
Environment/Character/Asset/FX Artist wanted for a number of A developers in europe - contact .uk
Have to wake up early for school tomorrow-.- .... SIKE! Whole week off. Doral Academy , I LOVE YOU.
ruby red grapefruit for a late morning snack is definitely hitting the spot
add 8 glasses of water and you're set to go. :)
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal. My strength lies solely in my tenacity. - Louis Pasteur
Bruce Banner to me = unf
maybe we should have a big meeting w/ a lot of people and discuss how we'll all answer that question in, say, 10 years from now?
you know it ;D
Never take life for granted.
OK time for Culinary Fight Night! Can't wait to try all the food, especiall looking forward to that ; )
DELETED!!!!! #HammIsGoodOnEverything err I mean
« Morning World! Blessed to see another day and takin full advantage of it #TimeToWork»
Listened to Fula oral history with the iconic instrument, 'Hondu'. Still immersed in my childhood days listening to that for hours.
I didn't because I don't rip on other fans after a win.
Ok for the people who have listened to our podcast, we are trying to find a name: Rubber City Wasteland Comedy Cast or NEO Comedy Cast?
I am wise because.........I have been foolish!
is a hottie with a body, cutie with a booty bahahahahah thats catchy
wea ya at lord im in hillside
is this a reference to self-tanning lotion? Or hair color? Moving to new school-no more red 'n white?
9 more followers till i hit 1700
i fucks with future everyday
Is he better than Brooks Conrad?
ur gas tank on E
hmm... should i change my background? :|
The Devil will not and can not defeat me~BAMM.
I totally understand. Plus she's hard to Google.
Thanks Cindy!
Hey, don't hate, this is a gift from the Gods!
hey don't forget me lol I was standing with you out in line last week :)
I consider them a friend lol
#AskPSanders what do you look for in a girl?.
thank you! TO GOD BE THE GLORY!
fasho I'll text you tomorrow so you better answer
god looks on playing chasing the sun!!! loveloveloveeee
I can write songs for you. I'm pretty passionate about lyrics, like a storyteller, while keeping a tune in mind.
Mother's Day. Lots of shopping. Weird, I'm not planning on dragging my wife to the golf course on Father's Day.
A3: Duh, its mobile
Economic freedom is essential to achieving political freedom,
man u know how u try not to laugh at anybody cuz its not nice but today i see this girl at the store wit a big ass head
A vote for oasis
First black snake of the year. Spring is here!
Wishing all of my friends a joyful mother's day! Big hugs! Tell me your Mother's Days plans.
Down Right Modeling Agency coming soon!!!!!!!!!
Everyone! It's February 29! That means you should follow
Yeah!! I see you following me now Momma II... Love and miss you
last chance to advance to the Cup QF. Need to beat #Argentina by at leaat 13 points to do so.
I know. I thought that was pretty rude. I'm not full Mexican like I don't have straight hair lol
here ya go, make it happen.
“: People who song answer their phone or text messages but get pissed when other people do it to them! <<<<”
Ive always wanted to run away, not because I'm unhappy with my life, but for the thrill of the adventure
Francesa's comments about Twitter earlier was so big he has his own discover story on twitter lol
Hey guys! Just to let you know, Hardcore News SEASON 2 will begin SOON!
Buenas Noches a todos :) or Good night to everybody :) 2 marrow going to be a long ass day
finding the right place is my job contact me for all your real estate needs
someone is feeling confident
You know you made it big on twitter when you get chirped by , if I'm lucky maybe he'll make fun of my hairline or something
Anyone else think Deshaun Thomas looks like Marcus Landry?
If you should ever find someone new, I know he better be good to you.
is there any conversation between #osf and archdiocese to see if #osf can help make it shelter/community center? Seriously...
Can't believe KU pulled out another win!! They are just making things happen when they count. Now to the Big game on Monday, Go Jayhawks!!
Thanks! Trying to spruce up my syllabus with some newer/more interesting content.
Not sure. But, hey, no worse than lip-synching, right? Maybe a little worse.
we need you in chicago!!
I hate being single during Christmas time:(
78% OF NFL players go broke in 2 years and 60% of NBA players go broke in 5 years after they retire-SO WHY DO YOU FOLLOW THEM. OWN A FIRM!
Resisting the temptation to not buy anything - Burbank.
Just saw your interview on Craig.. From one Jew to another (did not know that) wishing you a belated Happy Hanukkah!!!
Right?! Blehhh. One giant eyeroll all day.
Yes! is excited to meet my favorite couple!
My goal for the end of the year is to have one of the boys, Ed sheeran and at least Nathan from The Wanted following me.
I'm so incredibly excited for 's DC book signing on Saturday!
that only seemed 2 suggest/signal HOPE! the movie was basically a horror movie but w/out any killing so yeah that was the reason
Congrats RT Excited to see "From Records to Data with Viewshare: An Argument, An Interface, A Design" in ASIST
Adding to ppl to follow
Whatever it is , that you do when you do what you're doing ...
where are we smokig at :)?
I am so addicted to
your not alone :/
hell she had dumb hands bro pmao
Patience with others is love, Patience with self is Hope, Patience with God is Faith!
Definitely possible, though it's one of those annoying things that spending any time on is a waste (thus my willingness to pay)!
The art of face-to-face conversation is becoming a lost one, unfortunately.
Hear hear ": Thanks to for organising the wine tasting last night. Great venue, wines and company."
thanks for the RT!
that shit gonna fly
Do you do web forms? needs one built and I can't remember if that fit within your area of expertise.
Holy Cowzers Morgan in LF, Brauny in RF & Sunglasses Corey at 1b, as you're surely being informed over micropublishing. Fairly odd.
I just spilled my fancy coffee all over me and my dress while plugging in the laptop. Happy #mhblogday?
I hope not Lena :) I have nothing against you.
#DontDoubleMyRate so i know it's real
You know me too well. And I could never be crude, disrespectful...or other things...to you - or others.
everyone was awesome at blue moon tonight, but the astronomers were plain AMAZING
A wizard is never late. He arrives precisely when he means to.
i had one for ya
Charging my phone in class , Lmao tell me why everyone call me ghetto tho . xD
Carlos Beltran traded... see ya.
after 2nd period ! I better see you !
How to prepare Bordeaux mixture
I just bought 's book; looking forward to reading it!
That pic oddly doesn't include burning cars and looted store fronts RT : <------------
Thanks will you be attending the event?
I am so excited to finally watch the final 3 episodes of tonight! Bring on the walkers!
Maybe you're not pretty but you are beautiful. Love Ya !
MIT Acceptance Decisions just went live ... Time to find out if you made in or not.
“The dreamers are the saviors of the world.” #James Allen
It's National Women's History Month! Nora Stanton was the first woman to get a civil eng. degree from Cornell AND to join the ASCE.
Initial run-through of the iOS app is smooth! The UX is very well considered.
I don't realize my Tv be loud til I get ready to go to sleep
I know about the word CRAP, butt, what about the word shit?
#Quote of the Day: How are you going to argue with #freedom???
Haha good points. At least they didn't bring him back as a hologram. Yet.
aww she is so cute I.love her :-)
RT The alternative is to do what the reality is not capable of doing. Always my goal Thank You!
CDC Task Force: Transferring juveniles to the adult system is counterproductive for preventing & reducing violence
These guys are boring. I miss blood libel day.
Did you read this article? Think it's bs and ignores the externalities that have laid the groundwork for innovation
Why do you believe no one works as hard as you do? Why do you assume their job is easier? Why do you assume they have more free time?
The new UFC game has JUST won THE SLOWEST loading time game OF THE YEAR. </3
Ha! I bet they did. No gossip/news is better than those in newsrooms!
Didn't get any of my homework done... Oh well
It's the most wonderful time of the year, more or less.
A man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest. ~Irish Proverb
God will never leave me or forsake me.
I was just looking through pictures my mom just printed, and theRES A ONE DIRECTION PICTURE FROM THE CONCERT
Ready to twerk
hey Trev follow me at my new account
Yipit email starts with "Look Good Naked." Got my attention, but won't get my business.
Second period had even more scoring than the first! Breck now leads Red Wing 8-4.
congradulations to YUNG TARD the newest member of the dogs,he got that heat for yall they call nim bby slick rick
And so Spring Break begins, and I have nothing to do.
I keep falling asleep
We are so thankful and lucky to have amazing and talented colleagues. We just got five new helpers from the school!
Next she'll be issuing a disappointment press release like the black pastors...smh
some sick blocks in this #ucla - #florida game
Falk about to address crowd at Edgewater, husband introducing her now.
sup ma'am it's been a longtime... how are yoou doing???
#thingstoneverdoagain : yoga on the beach
where are you?
m... chocolate.
Steve Carr talks Oh No!
well, cause you made me mad, but f you too then.
Did you like die or something??
hi! what is this?
but actually no it's not
You say your giving God glory, but when you stop and think about it, are u really?
I love my Blazers but I'm pretty sad tonight =(
The Denver airport always makes me think of summer camp up here. What's so wrong about a little bit of Camp Chief Ouray reminiscing..
Smells like pot in here
Holy...we kicked all the Kind and have to bring more in. Time to Skunk it up today Superball!!!
Happy to ... thanks for following and have a great weekend!
do you have anything that is Live? Everything I saw was under construction.
Pretty cool idea. Keep it up!
ONLY 1 MONTH FROM TODAY!!!
this girl got herself some strawberries and cool whip :)
What a beautiful weekend! Hope everyone is having a blast at King Island! Keep tagging us in your pics--we LOVE seeing them!
fixing a feast...nothing like homemade pesto, crisp greens, sun-ripened tomatoes, fresh mozzarella...peace!
Making more friends in the bathroom line than anywhere else.
Choose to see the best in others; don't allow yourself to focus on the differences & disagreements. Choose to luv no matter how different.
High schools shouldn't have school zones. If you can't cross the street by the time you're in HS you deserve to get hit.
O, exciting! Good luck w/new idea!
smile, it suits you:)
np I follow all :)
if I was graduating today.. I'd probably cry.
Mine too...but im going with Shields on this one too. Im with u on this one 2 buddy.
Head up, stay strong, fake smile, move on <U+2665>
Booked a wedding in October...can't wait for this fabulous event with these beauties!
Good stuff , love the carts.
Yeah I always request things but they take too long to get in stock at freshdirect you need to carry more GF foods
I...do not know
Loving it - Jermey goes you are a Virgin I go I don't have Virgin Mobile I got sprint
what did they teach about?
Got into an argument with my mama, pretty much everything is making me mad
We have locations in Moreno Valley, Riverside, Fontana, Beaumont, and the High Desert communities.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams
Is anybody familiar with The Art of Engaging Holy Scripture?
The Sun is coming out and there are plenty of vintage bargains to be found. See you there?
#SomeWhereOutThere is a girl with a sneeze that sounds like a Toyota Prius' when you lock the doors.
More than 1/2 way through day 2 of filming ! Going really well
I will ask my DM. They haven't scheduled me for May yet.
#WorstBreakUpExcuses ...you were really adopted
-- what is the deal for the John Corabi show on 8/7/11? No info on site, FB or here. Need times/price, please?
No me digas que no
Child Bite tonight @ Now That's Class in Cleveland, OH. With DEAD RIDER
Nice work! Keep me posted on your new releases!
Singing stone has the coolest jewelry, leather wallets & ceramic left & right handed mugs! All fine art is made by hand locally.
Got a budget for the lawyer tho...
How to explain this obsession with logic? Must have been a Vulcan in a previous life.
What are your thoughts on this Trayvon Martin story?
NO WAY! When are we having a bake off to make some of our own?!? cc
Uh why did I wait till now to wash clothes!
Love it! Laughter is good for the soul. (:
Does anyone have B&B recommendations for Lancaster County, PA? Preferably close to bike trails...
That is what we need!
Nothing can drain me more than reading old melodramatic journals from college. If only I'd understood men just a little better back then.
Go to & have awesome grilled cheese!
Channel 101 screening tomorrow night at the downtown independent theater. Our webseries made it in so come check it out!
preciate it homie.. Thank you & ya I can only stay positive
Need suggestions for a good book to read!!
Join CCWA/ Richmond GATE at The Greater Richmond Small Business Expo and Matchmaker Event from 8:30am- 1:30pm TODAY!
and a tired girl I am but every minute was worth it and thank you for mAking it fabulous. Happy birthday.
would I do that?!
entertain me... no pictures? Has hollywood dried up of all the wierdos?
but hes from miami....
I get way too much enjoyment out of emoji
I would complain about having class today and wanting to be on break still but its just too nice out to be anything but happy!
": Not talking to you kills me."
Touch down in the dirty D. Can't wait to be in my bed.
Diamond passed on the new Henry & Glenn book because it wasn't a standard comic book size. Order from Last Gasp or Shenton
Thank you Sooners for having a worse night than I am right now.
oh well happy almost birthday then lol :)
thanks Ernie. It sucks!
RT : If I dont know your superpower, then I dont know how you can help me (or I can help you). Seth G.
Guys, you do realize "Rack City" is a pretty tawdry expression of capitalist values, rt?
“People seldom do what they believe in. They do what is convenient, then repent.” <U+2015> Bob Dylan
This past year we have all had our share of ups and downs, but we are thankful to have a God who has never left our side.
Woke up to speaking on real shit about these females. I'm telling yall these hoes be out to get yah.
hahah yes n its good cause I answer with honesty hah
CUTE! Black and yellow tips?
This is bullshit..
Drives me nuts! Headphones = fuck off! RT : Since when does headphones on while laughing = Talk to me? F**k Outta here
congrats on the move and ok
Im torn between her and Kim
And we've gotta say BohlsenPR has been/is amazing for us. Get it.
That awkward moment when your walking down the stairs and think theres another step and you hulk stomp the ground.
You're so beautiful :)
If its Denver or Oakland to the playoffs, its a first round elimination.
Tell a friend, tell a friend, tell a friend... www.voyeurhythm.com
If #tablet research suggests most people use alone, how do you feel it will affect dating habits?
word me neither
*female dog
hey, that's my alma mater you are talking about! Tho back then they changed the L to B.
too early for the sand box. Can you come out and play with me later?
Return to the Lord..for he will abundantly pardon -Isaiah 55:7
I love this so much. I always do this when I hear the song
Didnt get that PHONE CALL but did get a TEXT O_o....yea that's the same....
Excited to have and World Learning kick off our pre-meeting activities!
Wouldn't it be nice if people put out Christmas lights in summer so we wouldn't have to FREEZE OUR ASSES OFF looking at them?
Headed to the PGA show tomorrow. Always learning more.
Jordan is just so tiny. He's so perfect.
Joe Johnson comes through and #Hawks finally overcome the Jazz in the 4th overtime. Wow.
Sucks how I'm missing I missed -__-
RT: Tuesday! presents Dynamic Mayhem w/Collective Chaos get pumped!
Landon: i might kiss u Jamie: i might be bad at it Landon: thats not possible jamie.. I love u.. Jamie: i told u not to fall in love with me
I know this doesn't sound right but my phone has some strong vibrations.
do you curl your eyelashes? >;D
thanks! How do you like our app!
Getting pumped! Less than 24hrs to play ball
ha ha! Baby... If you were with us, you could have it morning, noon, and night! ;-)
yeah life is boring did u study? Did u watch re-vyrt
": The Pledge of Allegiance does not end with 'Hail Satan!'" Or does it......
Did you know that police officers have been riding H-D motorcycles since 1908? Detroit and Pittsburgh units were the first.
#imagen Sean: "Eenie Meenie Miny mo Justin Bieber is hot from head to toe " Justin:" What?!?!" Sean: what , [Your Name] changed the lyrics .
Hanging out on Madison Ave, where's Don Draper? I was promised Don Draper!
I swear my sister is a fuckin Nazi...
Love this: “When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.” Confucious
Putting some final touches on my interview piece w. the amaze Christie Brinkley. Can't wait to see her in CHICAGO w. !
Sometimes I wish I could hide away looking for a place to getaway Getaway from all the heart ache & pain life can bring...
Not sure how to take your business to the cloud? Let us take the reins! We find the best solution for your salon and we train in person!
You know your school sucks when a senior in your class doesn't know what the word aggravate means :P
NOLA has many veggie options. I was there for ARSC 2010
InTheStudio w/Robert van het Hof- going deep with the essential #Revit tools.
Fuck These Rat Ass, Stank Booty Ass, Scandalous Ass, Lying Ass Hoes ! Lml
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on. - Winston Churchill
You know what everyone is taking about today? Soccer. Well done Premier League. See you again in the fall.
846 more words... don't think that I am going to make it. #NanoWriMo just got started and I am already stuck. FML
follow me plz
The EP is amazing. I'll be playing it all summer for sure. Nice work boys :)
Just hating certain people right now... If only my hero could help make me feel better. </3
I doubt Oprah jokes will ever wear thin
i love you
RT!!!!!!! : FUN needs to come play in Indy. I fuckin love them.
Me too!!! Though I also picked Jose b/c I figured he would hit against the METS, and guess who was right!?!?
A tweet straight from the heart is better anyway. :)
follower number 22 :D
can't stop crying wat why why why
where is my princess? i need to find her. my juliet? somebody help me
NKOTBSB WAS THE BEST CONCERT EVER!! <3333
Awesome! They do make a perfect afternoon snack to fill you up, satisfy cravings and keep from having that afternoon slump!
what are 17's?
On DofE in gale force winds!!!! D:
Great day of VBS today!! I love all the kids in my group! JesusRocks!!
Listening to you and Mandisa right now! Love you Jaci! You truly are like a girls best friend! <3
Same here. Just adds to the heart attack factor.
alright man well I'm in la
we are Wise, Relevant, We are Worshipers, & We have a WORD (revelatory understanding)!!! We Are Issachar!
Lost Weekend starts tonight! 8-late. Tickets still on sale for $10 if you enter "getlost"! Lostweekend.eventbrite.com
thanks lady! I appreciate your kind words!
Re: your question this a.m. about backup methods: all of the above.
Juxtaposition = place or deal with close together for contrasting effect : black-and-white
Though my heart breaks, He always puts it back together again.
are you not going to practice??
Merde, merde merde tonight with those orange leotards! It'll be amazing.
: Thank you!
Circ = public services; ILL = Collection services; traditional set-up
i do know bout that i lost my grandma on the 12 and the next montb on the 7 i loss my som
Alright I will go do that now
awesome - thanks guys!
Under hacker attack!
nice work! that ain't easy.
I wear tie dye shirts and rep OF to the fullest
I guess im supposed to actually care lol
"Death is a muss but mi nuh waa dead mi waa live forever"
Getting ready for San Antonio and Goodwill's Council of Executives. Happy to be speaking on the topic: "Equation for Innovation"
: lolz yeah i know the feeling, you recover.
I hate myself for getting addicted to
I can't believe its been a year! RT : RT : Congrats to all May 2011 graduates!
Come on ladies!!! U got this! ;) and you know I'm here to help! :)
It is beautiful out!!!
yeap sure is ;)
posts great tips that jive right along with tips! Great help from a
Thank you!:)
A $500k fine from to ? Remember Mayhem Nation: Always respect your refs.
Today is too much already. Too much pressure :(
All PR is good-if only bc many of us are contrary and have to experience things for ourselves, you know? I know I'm that way.
: got milk?
Definitely agree.
We disagree - but hey there's room for that! ;)
When Google alone doesn't cut it: help us tackle tough sync scenarios - Ars Technica
thanks. I just sent an email.
RT : Don't miss the Brisk Bodega 3/12 from 5:30 to 12am at Molotov. Cool Star Wars art and musical performance by Just Blaze!
Thanks 4 following us. subscribed to your newsletter. Check us out for family friendly unique kid exerciser.
killing it on some REM. nice mini guitar!!!!1
When climbs on you, and you start to wrestle...
15 hours damn Sean where you headed the Philippines...
There are no short cuts to any place worth going. Beverly Sills
You must be much farther North than me. Not sure where Liberty, NY is. I am just 1 hr. north of Albany where I am.
Had a great time listening to talk about growing up as a half-polish half-indian child. Mixed-races unite!
Justified margins?! Really? Why????????
good restaurants, best parks/attractions, coffee, when the farmer's market and other festivals are
THEY IGNORE YOU LOL...
good mornning...can yhu plz follow my friend she LOVES you, nd maybe follow me?
#youneedtositdown If you don't spay and neuter your pets!
I love dining at Raisins in Incredible service, terrific food.
Community Meal will be served at Lee Park (Occupy Charlottesville) next to the downtown library at 6:30.
Is it bad that the Frosted Mini-Wheats commercials where they say "My only goal is to keep her full with my fiber!" makes me think dirty?
#IWishYouKnew what I was REALLY thinking about ;)
ooh nice!! I'll look into it cause I can't take my eyebrows anymore!! Lol
“ The measure of progress of civilization is the progress of the people. ” — George Bancroft
Wow thats a nice fancy framework!
Hey man can you follow me?? CD is great by the way!
I was crushed after that loss to But I'm back! How are you gorgeous? ;)
Damn, I got home at 12:40 & knocked out & now it's "3 o'clock" :o
is a consumer platform? Not our target audience? Great pic!
The show is starting! Cooking Corner Stage at Nashville Convention Center, Chef Chris' French Cooking With TN Flavor! Come check it out! :)
keeping my faith in God
#WRESTLEMANIA28 nobody cares what u say
lol defiantly not Uriel ugh we fell out ;( I loved him
who is up right now?!
#Miami = highest poverty rate 4 a city of its size in the U.S, with nearly 1/3rd of the population in poverty: help #WomenBuild #Miami!
Thankyou to all my new followers
wow its like you are reading my mind. I have the same problem.
Um I'm going to jump in & say... FINISH THE BOOKS!!
I like that twitter feeds my natural tendency to read from bottom to top
If Texas win this innig will be the turning point.
no I'd honestly attack that bitch right now.
omg!!! I'm watching ur "Novation" Fringe episode now! *squeal!*** it's such an awesome show! I bet the crew is nice 2! :D
Fast-food #1 thing America has truly perfected :D nom nom
yeah, that was terrible. For an earlier challenge, maybe, but not at that stage of the game
People that can't keep your name out there mouth <<<
“: PokerCast Ep217 Irish Open Special w/ Parkinson is now online! strong work bunner. I had the over 3 days
Remarkable beauty, fascinating tales - New Straits Times
Thanks! It's also on Spotify. Does that work for you over there? Also how far is the Laneways festival from you?
Hey girlie how are you miss you hope all is well
yaay okay and omg i'm going to do the coolest TSS fan art rn omg i have it all planned out fnsdkjnfsk
Working on not being such a cunt.
that's a great thing...it means work.
The hardest non secular mixtape i ever heard
We maintain our info and keep u interested in what we would read ourselves. If you have comments about the things we post please reply. PLUR
“: "I love being alone"...she lies. ” WHO REMEMBERS THE OLLLDD RECORD
Be sure to follow our two newest members and
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet Lets make it a trend come on Whoever loves them will help
"We can't learn if they can't teach." one of the chants by students protesting at Mission Bay High School.
been on vacation... glad to be back
#np Sweet Savannah Sue with Fats Waller..remember when they rehearsed this at the Hudson Theater in '29...
95% of people who play GOLPH love the game, and 77% of statistics are made up. Order your GOLPH cards today! :)
my team is a U9 team. It's all good. Sorry you had a rough weekend like my team did.
im still trying for you
Oh how I love the beach!
planning a trip next week , want me to grab anything for you?
"Look for fundamental market change and technology advantage" - Richard Schwartz
If I've learned one thing in my few times at #CUNY J-School it's that their students get a lot of free lunches thanks to conferences here.
Andy Six is fucking sexy! ;D
Wow, great game.
"Digital wave" love that!
If you take the oath be who you said you wld be
Anything from be great Lol RT : , thx for being my 100th follower! I should send you some chocolates
no way. The 'foot in mouth' aspect of twitter makes celebs human again.
everyday is my birthday!! no, it's not though, where did you get that?
i hear skillet is in bothell today.
GO FOLLOW: PLEASE
You just made me laugh out loud. Literally.
We at Minnesota Glory Days want to thank all of you for your support as we launched a new t-shirt company. Have a Merry Christmas!
Steelers or Packers??
Today is gonna be a great day! :D
on the party we had last week the activities and the food and the music was good there was people who made shirts for teen bloc
…and Instagram's been a great place too - little easier to spark a conversation w a photo :)
my first chapter has 28 reads :D
I've seen it at and in Tosa.
I would stick to a more well-known theme company like WooThemes, StudioPress, iThemes, or ElegantThemes. Better coding standard
#SaySomethin has been on replay for about 2 hours so far, well plus yesterday so i listened to it about 123937492 times.
I enjoy listening to songs by Lenny Kravitz. Embarrassing?.... Maybe so.
I hope nothing scary happens. If I perish, someone please log on to my Twitter and post something Jack Handey-ish as my last words.
Looked up translated editions of Girondo on Amazon, only found one: a $999.98 (+ $3.99 shipping) copy of SCARECROW & OTHER ANOMALIES.
I love me some foo fighters
Always so great to see you girls! ALWAYS :)
I haven't had a hot cheeto in over two months. i am so happy to have them again<3
Where dreams come true!
@ AAlcondez >>> ~ Same here... Kind Regards from CALIFORNIA, USA ~
Why are you bothering to see the american version? No need for it to even exist.
Amen to that!
Winter! Go away!
you mean the title of the article?
Frank Ocean is freaking awesome!! Gotta #lovethatnigguh!! :))<3
Swingfest July 7-10, 2011, begins @ SOBE Louis Club with Circ X performance, White Party, El Carnival of Masks Party & a FUN Afterparty
My first tweet. Looking for suggestions who to follow.
sweet, imma big No Doubt fan!
When you open up your camera & it opens on your front camera, you see just how terrible you look at that moment...
cannot wait for the row's cashmere toms this fall!
getting that> it's gonna be a long game feeling!
Nothing like fury to wake one up in the morning.
I'm that man on the moon
Awe, tanks!
Mayor Bloomberg: Goal of NYC is to show a model for #Veterans for national adoption.
yeah my friend just did the same 2 days ago... you never think they would actually do it.. doesn't seem real right now
“: In England a pregnant woman can legally relieve herself anywhere she wants, even, even in a policeman’s helmet.”// LMAO!
watching first 48 .
R.I.P 12 time Pro Bowler JUNIOR SEAU.. Gunshot wound to the chest.
I KNOW! Watching it on tv won't be the same. Nothing really and my mother already renewed the tickets. Glad for that
no worries. We still kicked ass and didn't give a shit.
I'll enjoy following your self-publishing adventure. I'm curious to know more about the process that led to that decision.
RT happy birthday to you !--thanks hunnie!!
RT Ima rep Oakland Ca 4ever! I love my city!!! <--you better!
Waking up at the crack of crack. Wining!!!
I hope this weekend turns out two be a qudd one.! Because every weekend somethinq happens.!
In order to EAT your cake, you have to HAVE it- right??
idk when im going to watch it. Bt i hope soon.
Yes, Kate! :-) Off to the Castle. Have a great day y'all!
shit she tellin all her facebook friends guess who here": The lady behind the desk is typing fast shit and she keeps peeking
will you duet with our band?
Their uniforms today are not cute...
I'm going fishing this weekend!! I love it!
Final Four is this weekend and we can't wait!
I believe you I'm just a nervous Nancy
I know right!? Love the Food network
thanks man! :D
what conference?
Mental attitude is more important than mental capacity.
S/O to my new follower
.. He told me her name and asked I hold it a secret. I nodded again and see even now on this forum of millions I am not telling. brave men .
Please contact me with any questions at
Chill RT Z fuck the eagles
Space cakes:B
Hustle 7Days/Week! YE God Thank u for the days I couldn't c the light & u showed me!
3 web series in pipeline: sketch comedy (in post on 1st skit), an Interview Series about Hollywood success/failure & cooking. More soon...
I also want to get the limited edition Ben-Hur soundtrack on that website. Man, payday (next Friday) can't come soon enough.
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable. — Sydney J. Harris
There goes that Brooklyn love ...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> “: yea! We mobbin!”
8 cars involved in an incident on the restart. Sato moved from 5th to 3rd! "RED MISSED" needs to get Power and Hunter-Reay on the next r ...
nope not yet still can't find nothing
Thanks for the retweet!
im excited , (:
The nice weather version of me apparently loves green juice.
Charmed by and her accent - wonder what she thinks of my MN drawl?
"Out Of The Shadows", my new cd was released today digitally. Itunes, Amazon, Spotify, myspace music, zune, Rhapsody and many more. Grab one
Men: Want to bless your family today? Start off by taking them to church!
shut up & finish yo test
Really, NPR reporter? Are you a "transient soul" or basically just a guy who likes to travel
RT Just saw District 9 - GREAT. Even greater --met a follower - Mike- (first time) working at the theater -- Hi man!
I just saw a homeless guy on the subway playing games on his cell & I can't wonder why is he on a better plan?
Itchy skin
Thanks so much for your support!
Looking forward to a great week!
You dont get a second chance at a first impression .
Love when I nail the wine pairing.
Who Says The Good Die Young?
A child at BWW just threw a fry at
Heading over to debate
haha! I went to UNC... and I think you're on liberating working moms. Cool!
Responded to FIRE @ 52 Brookbound Lane, Claverack, NY 12513. Red Cross auto update.
I tweet alot!
I'm thinking a sick day is in my future this week. Along with some sun and a cocktail. I just spent 17 of the last 24 hours driving.
i've realized all my tweets lately have been me been complaining. sorry people, i don't mean to be a whiny little bitch. i promise to stop.
Being cordial and being cool are 2 different things. We aint cool!! Lol
ooh, i spy a crepe (my newest bff!)
doing research for the upcoming home investigation with #wcgaps..keep watching for updates!!!...lots to come!!!
if by despondent you mean "turning your cube into a game room/media cave", you are right.
Compromise leads to lasting relationships!
“Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!” <U+2015> Audrey Hepburn
In every trial comes a lesson. Don't just run from it, learn from it.
Looking to loose #weight? Is what you are doing not working? Contact me today!
"And if you missed it: plouffe," - Hawk Harrelson // RT : "plouffe" would make an excellent explitive
I really dislike it when people show up only to point out mistakes.. That is not constructive at all..
“: Babies: The worst kind of STD.”
his voice was so deep :*
+a mirrin. But i know my luggage went to italy
Best town to relax in. Bar none.
nahh i saw it on my timeline & RUDE
why do you have retweets disabled?
Kid Ink "Neva Gave a Fuck" and probably never will and shows that in the video to his cut featured on XXL 's 2012's Fres
M&N are trending worldwide<3 (:
More kids living in poverty today than ever before. Old ways not doing the job. Need to attack problem differently! What are your thoughts?
Residence Renovation update: 11/5 – University of Virginia!!!
im good,in memphis for a few days,and you?
And now is when I start my two test grade essay.. Fuck
Yes, I can get you in touch with Colette. She runs the show, with Joey Paul.
I hope all of y'all are as stoked for our new CD as we are!!!
You're going to make a great mother! APRIL FOOL'S!!
Lazy rule: Texting someone in the house to bring u something
What happen to the 6 pm News, Two and a Half Men?
I saw "chocolate dinner" in my inbox and had to comment. :)
Strike-em-out-throw-em-out! We're in extras.
The difference between genius and stupidity is; genius has its limits.
haha word to
#ReasonsToSayAmen you escaped from the police
Good morning
Awesome! Looking forward to hearing them. :)
*cough* RT At least that injury comes at a position of great strength and depth for The
School ended today and starts again tomorrow... Arg. But at least I get a vaycay from work next week! Woohoo
As soon as I turned my bracket in, Fab Melo is ruled ineligible!
What u said!! RT : Sometime I wish their was two of me
JBJVGomez um how old r u
If I'm giving you one word answers I obviously don't want to talk to you. Dumb fuck.
*puts referee shirt on*
RT : RT : Think you can make a good taco? Sign up to compete in this years presented by...
Here are some press release opportunities our artists have participated in! goo.gl/z9j3T
What foods do you miss & wish you could buy on the streets of Denver?
The angel of the LORD encamps around those who fear him, and he delivers them. Psalm 34:7
is there a groundling show in your future?
#NYR starting it off right!!! Good job putting the puck on net so far.... Hank > your goalie.... #LGR !!!!
Never been more irritated in my life...I mean 20 sources...what the hell! I've only got 5 -sigh- and I have to study for another test
Marky Ramone and his band will play Ramones songs at the party on Friday, October 7th. Free for fest registrants (passholders).
Oscar Wilde maybe?
Aint been on in a while. How are you guys doing tonight?
thnx ! we got it fixed
You get Kill Bill 2 points for the elbow bit!
Also, old school approval processes create a shutdown in the information pipeline. Must extend trust with SM.
Really?! That's awesome! I would bet there are a lot of us. What did you do as a VISTA?
I hate it when people lie, especially when you know the truth about what they are lying about! -- Jin Tropia <U+262E><U+2764><U+25B2> ()
i wish i had man right about now ! i feel like ridin & take over control ! :x .
ya im down :)
M.E. is about to crack the top 100 national on ReverbNation on the blues chart. help us get there. Tell a few friends to check us out.
Maroon 5's latest song is about pay phones. At this rate, I'mma assume the album will be called "The Yellow Pages & Other Outdated Things"
i just tentatively planned my next month...they say life is what we make it, and mine is a whirlwind of adventure right now!
black ops
bobby+valentine
I think I need to call maury..
watching the game at Fire on Water tonight. Bring a glove
WARNING: The last track on my set might make you cry. Just saying ^_^
that's okay but people take pics and then post it on tumblr and it gets like 1,000 notes. They look cool to some people o.o
Awesome, i'm in! I'm in search of a leading man, namely URIV:-)
The secret of a successful marriage is not to be at home too much.
The desire for a richer, fuller more abundant life is praisworthy.
I got change back from my Derby bet in the form of a voucher so I can cash a ticket no matter what happens
I've been in the hospital for hours!!!
So trashed last night I told this girl I like to do it in the dark with the light In my face lmfao
no it's not. you didn't deserve that shit. and furthermore, neither did dylan. sigh. yeah. apologies. //:
Cumming in less than 30 mins of intercourse is UNACCEPTABLE!!!!!!!! --> I like your style.
And time for the nails. No...!
hm not good
Five Best Weather Websites
GivingThanks: Family, work, friends, health. Hope for world peace, no whiners, more integrity, return of kindness/courtesy. Read more books.
so are the sixers. coin flip.
Was curious bout my local Tarot reader. Learned much: never pay up front & if she fobs you off on her "talented" 12 y/o, run.
Thank you for helping me with my #sxsw withdrawals. ;) Loving the #analytics visitor analyses.
Fights with my mom.
's b-day is 2morrow and then mine is the 5th!! I'm going to be 16 :D
love to have you let me know I'll set up the reso love to change a person mind about food
the woman being interviewed on ABC is talking about how she watches Fox News. It's an awkward interview.
Sorry ass Lakers
that is better :)
A trusted name for 30 years, is backed by a world-class team of food technologists, dietitians, & scientists
Famous Blue Raincoat stuck in my head, kitten asleep on my arm.
what did you think of eastbound and down last week i was cryingg!
When u make accusations with out facts your an idiot.
Yes! RT : We bowled for abortion access & have raised over $24k to help patients afford their choices! No apologies!
lmaaooo i made it not to lonq aqo ! :P
Im getting old. It happens. RT : make sure you don't shit where you sleep
Thanks doll! RT :
So excited to see my first issue of ! Thanks for initiating me
WHAT'S UP TALL &&ND LANKY?...
sad teresa got Fired by Trump :((( I wanted her to win...i hope Aubrey or Lisa dont win!!
& everything she got , best believe she bought it !
I would put a pic of me on here but i don`t think thats a good idea.
Going to be at the #SXSW Startup Crawl Thursday at the Omni Hotel, 4pm. Hope to meet some lots of great people!
WSB reporting a person of interest in the case of missing woman Stacey English. Finally, FBI is involved! Finally.
No NBC cancelled parks and recreations?!?!? Another network needs to pick it up ASAP!
Support ALA RMRT Retired Members-Got #Boomers? #libraries /wk
S/O for the placement on Showin dat
Spending a night in jail... An old Swiss women's prison that was converted into a character hotel that is ;)
Disney did a stellar job! The queue is so much better. Watch the luggage being inspected very closely. You may be surprised
during prayer who did u say stfu to? lol
you do not wanna know haha thats how awkward
looking forward to getting some painting done this weekend.
In UK, money isn't vulgar - just talking about it, or showing off that you have it :)
There is no glory in battle worth the blood it costs. - Dwight Eisenhower
Free event for teens this weekend in NYC! 1st Amendment Hack Jam, remix videos, celebrate free speech, more!
Uhm, im in black out town... Cum join
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Im need of a model for head shots !! inbox me asap trying to put a shoot togther next week
LAST CHANCE! Enter to win a FREE Catered Party! (a $325 value). Enter to win @ www.PatricksCatering.com
Ambassador Ebrahim Rasool: In order to enter the digital age, Africa must have peace, democracy and rule of law
I love hearing a bartender say "I don't even know what Campari is."
It's march! When's the madness start?
itz a joke man
Thanks for your good Session though- I learned so much! Will be in Chi 6/1-3 & will visit your museum- perhaps we can meet!
I'll take it for decor alone. That's an awesome design.
Video is STILL the best way to grab attention and build credibility on line
Let me put you on game..
is Treyarch going to leave the zombies Ldrbds like they r? or will they fix it to keep your high score? we want highest score!!!
Like a good neighbor, prince charming is there
how do you think of these things!? Loll
#YouHadMeAt theres gonna be food there.
Haha I'm a little bit tired :D
Hope For Now - City of Colour
Super jel of everyone that went to Hopefully that setup will find me in the future. Now back to the drawing board. Literally
Happy Birthday Rickey Henderson, you are a base stealing black Jesus.
Awesome! Are you excited to get to see and touch the new CTX 3030?
im eating an acai bowel and I just fell in love
OMG JUST BROKE THE SCREEN OF MY PHONE SO IT DOSENT WORK AT ALL. GRR JUST GIVE ME TWO DAY TILL I GET A NEW ONE. SO MSG ME HERE OR MYSPACE
wow! The Kardashians want Kendall to date Justin Bieber so she could become more famous. But what about Selena?
I'm lying.
Happy Friday! So hapy to be spending the weekend in Texas with my wonderful family.
Oh btw world. Hair? Yep, in one hour it'll all be gone.
So thats how it gunna be. :/
Merry Christmas!
“Success comes in cans; failure in can'ts”
i like zebras c:
Friday Fun Fact: Espresso has 1/3 of the caffeine of a regular cup of coffee.
Last chance to drop your card in the bowl at #emschi -- enter to win a free mobile event app! Come by the booth after lunch!
God loves you! :)
motherfucker_jones is here, AND HE IS HIGHER THAN A MOTHERFUCKIN KITE. Assistance please!
yep, gonna be a long year!!
A real man never hurts a woman! Be very careful when you make a woman cry, .
really? check with my sister she may still have an extra ticket
OKC playing tonight win or lose!!!
A5: operations, communications, marketing were all in same room: control center.
he does, but its because he finds justin as an inspiration and because austin is a boybelieber.
She is now required. No options.
Gorgeous Brooke!!
My dog fits in the freezer.
there is no translation for most of them, if you google them you can read more about them
Listen to us on WQFS 90.9 live with some poetry!!
Josh Hamilton is disgusting. Not even fair
Back on track. Chest + Cardio = Great #fitness session.
hey 'bro' you shouldn't have inderectly tweeted about what i said if you didn't want some of your own medicine.
- we'd also be in favor of having host.
Money: u can't live with out it, & u can't die with it!!
On to Dayton and then to Charleston. Cant wait to get home!!
i love him <3 (: he's my life.
Getting last minute stuff done for the Hear it From Us shoot tomorrow! Yay life! :)
Friends don't let drunk friends sit on their couches without a strategically placed bucket.
right back atcha!
ok, we look forward to you getting involved! Still have room for some more ideas!
Hey im a dolphins fan man one of the biggest fans please tweet me back
Just get through this day.
oh we cool now?
Except when I was in college and waking up naked on someone's front lawn didn't seem so bad. It should have. But it didn't.
:'( omg..here comes the tears...
Watchin the TLC, 9/11. Looking at this all over again is painful. Speechless. Hurts to watch and hear phone calls made from the passengers
Good for Gov Brown cutting free cell phones for at least half state employees. Its a start.
Q1: learned how to use all three in same way: making better and better mistakes until I started to know what I was doing.
Music always acts as my friend when im alone
I'm assuming you're going to Houston Warped?
I've never heard this band that everyone despises so much, Nickleback, and I think I'll keep it that way.
Hahahahaha. RT : I'm trying to pregame hard Friday before bingo players !:)
Cmon Mavs for once in your playoff lives don't choke it up !!!!.
Congrats to Beyonce and Jay Z for ur Beautiful Daughter
Cheer up!
The amount of times I was lost in bullmoose last night seems to be taking a toll on my studying. Never getting suckered in to that one again
But first: family renditions of, like, 5 different songs at once. At the moment: Oklahoma!, Run DMC, Ace of Base, West Side Story, Squeeze.
Monday 12/5: Join Board Member Jon Kean for a members only event on "Hollywood and the Holocaust" 7pm at the
yes a couple!!! I got the mango tango, Michael got the one with graham cracker around the rim! What's your fav?
Da only thing I hate being out of town is that in house
": Finally got an iPhone ...." NO!!! #AndroidNation!!
Thank u! we have a guest lined up we just had to settle in after the big move! RT I'm waiting for more episodes.
Exactly! It's pathetic.
:O why is there a diaper rash cream called Baby Anti Monkey Butt??? O__o
now if I was just dating, it would be different
text me bebes! I need your number P.L.U.R.<3
Your LOUD smile's awesome, my friend!! So great to see you! =D
That's why I stay collected!
Welcome in, and Happy Birthday. Enjoy
yoga is on Monday's at 5:15!
I asked him what happened. His answer: "I may or may not have destroyed a laptop"
An enormous branch from our tree out back just collapsed from the weight of the snow and has blocked hald the driveway...
Why not rehearse lyrics for the booth like you do for the stage. The audience is the same
#GreatIdeas Innovation can be measured. It generally talks about things that have been found to have real world success
RIP Whitney Houston :( way too young. Sad.
I want a turkey sammich w/ cheese n mustard and a bowl of cornpops
My ROTC unit used to march in the Mardi Gras parade each year - wow - what a blast.
I didn't know about it! Boo!
we love you too baby;))
exactly *how* did u get them into carrier?
Prom was so great. But I need some tour dates to get me through my post prom depression.
15. I never met Mb </3
RT : Customers build relationships w/ people, not products. Develop lasting #business partnerships with excellent
Coffee flavored pizza, or pizza flavored coffee, for breakfast? I'd try it. Does this actually exist?
Gurl, don't get fired before you get hired...better stay in your lane!
Shun the nonbelievers.
thanks, and thanks for helping to spread the word!
Not quite liking it yet...but it's moving in the right direction. Ran out of snort last night...long days...short nights...LOL!
Acting opportunities keep pouring in praise God.
"Your money or your life!" what are you choosing with how you run your home biz? You don't have to choose one over the other:...
A babysitter is a teenager acting like an adult while the adults are out acting like teenagers.
Great shot! Where did you snap it from?
I hate touching speeches. They always get me worked up and some day I want to inspire someone to follow there dreams and write them a speech
Sat thru a memorial service with "the final countdown" playing in my head.
Training soon than eat something and than last gym sessions of the day!
Our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could be- Ralph Waldo Emerson
I feel like a grandma con estos zapatos xP
Wonderful, thank you! I will be in touch shortly through my SI address.
im super ready for thursday. Im really ready to fuck shit up at that school... and we spend quality time together:)
:) That's the best way to enjoy a rainy day! Love it!
Thanks! We might go morel hunting in Reno today.
Meeting at the mall. Was just almost run over by a Fiero.
AYE #TeamFollowBack SHOW HER SOME LOVE ----> RT : can I get a shout out. More followers me please! :)
hey good lookin'
today was my birthday!!! Do you know what that means?? What's the 2 special words?!?! ;) <33
nothing quite like awkward conversations in line at the grocery store
wanna follow me instead ;) big love from ireland xo
always!! You know j'adore Felice.
penguins suck
that could be cool! would it be difficult to have a lot of people in it tho? I'll tweet my idea in a sec :)
Our windchimes got a workout today! Windy Colorado.
when are we hanging out!?
thanks to our new followers! happy Monday everyone! Rock on
Countdown to on can't wait!!!
YES. My summer is made.
BUT HEY IT IS WHAT IT IS.
MKT's engine has been tuned to provide smooth power delivery with minimal vibration and harshness
Thanks Hannah! hope your well and have a good Xmas!
some days are lost before they even start.
holy shit. And I thought Chicago was the highest
eminem is the best rapper. not 50 cent. thats not cool
When are the single day passes going on sale? You prompted me to join twitter for this..
dam im stupid starving! but its too quiet to walk in my kitchen an open my loudass fridge!
Off the Las Vegas. Thanks for making trip to airport easy and comfy.
going to bed at 2 last night wasn't such a great idea..
It was time for a change (x
Indeed! RT : Audience is enjoying Panda Dog USA - turn your dog into a panda via an outfit. Now that's an
now that your Tigers are out, feel free to join the IU bandwagon. That's March Madness!
Dutch ban takes aim at foreigners buying pot - Bryan College Station Eagle
What should #OurResponse be to TEN YEARS of #Guantanamo Bay #Detention Center? (What are YOU prepared to do?)
"i'd rather be hurt by the truth : then protected by a lie"
Happy Birthday I think ur a gr8 actress :-) I hope u have an awesome.
This past few days i been so really bad at school idont do my work so the teacher put my name on the section sheet-.-
But I still can't believe its actually snowing
I can empathize. But for me that means nothing will be done n you will just run the clock out on the issue
“: Today is the 1 year anniversary of Rebecca Black's "Friday". We should all "get down" in her honor.” haha
Guide to Election Crews part 2. You can also follow who is covering Voter Turnout today.
Happy St Patricks Day! Libby will open the bar at 10am for your drinking pleasure then visit Matty after 2pm. Shawn and Traci afer 9pm....
Only allowing two people to marry Vincent, yourself or Mikey.
oh... We're on Netflix. No cable.
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good
We Love You Liam Payne
Sounds like a day of momentum! :) Enjoy!
Don't ever watch this movie with me unless you're prepared to hear me quote the whole thing ;)
I have...very good! Crisp with nice citrus...grapefruit and lemon.
Goodnight and
You know opening of Harry Potter
Flag Football
Does the Pope masturbate?
Hey there is this girl. She's amazing, beautiful, funny, sweet, unique & she is reading this right now.
meeeooowww ! Hi peep!
i will #NEVERSAYNEVER !! I WIll fight to forever! When follows me! I will get up off this ground!! pick me up pick me up<3
#ImFaded #Faded #Faded #Faded #Faded and I dont give a FUCK. will be rapping that shit after they GO HOME
don't close the book on me
Literally just saw excise pull into town. Good luck this weekend muncie
I don't like hype....it always gives false expectations to some and an unnecessary ego to others..
": yall niggas better not do anything to my love >:O" I would never<3 c:
)': fail try though
“ Jesus has overcome the world!!! That's the reason believers have peace and joy no matter what life looks like.
You're ?
Hollywood baby with my girl and we making up for lost time .
I still replied to him last night. Smh at myself. -_-
its always dead. :c
12/8 quinquennial: pink slips voted in, all 9 nominated to go out, button won by landslide. and so: pink slips for button.
30 days to go - Shabbat Shalom -read Shabbat O Gram -(Leon)
Writing tip: If you find yourself writing the phrase "maximize value" in anything, go home. Nothing good will come of this day.
Instagram gettin crowded. Use it for interests not your face repeatedly.. Thats wat FACEbook is for
RT : Q1: Do we have any mom entrepreneurs or aspiring entrepreneurs with us tonight? What was your inspiration?
No taking photos & driving! jk. Cool photo. In 10 years will be one of those "wow, how fast time goes by" moment.
These lengthy facebook posts with the 'deep' message are really grinding my gears. Corny as all get up.
Why can't spring break b here already
more importantly, thank you for giving an interesting presentation. Glad i went!
SWAMP COOLER FACT: Coolers use up to 75% less electricity than standard AC units. Regular maintenance saves more. ABQ call 719-217-8546
SD Home Garden Feb issue restaurant dish: Snooze; Salt Box; Cinepolis; Inn at Park; The Field; Stone World Bistro & Wine Pub
RT : The moon so big and bright and full tonight :) :)
In the studio going in
So now I'm so HAPPY
#ThingsTygaSays;Do You know who you fucking with...--
1st place in the intern bracket was short lived, but you know what they say...1st is the worst 2nd is the best.
I just cant wait for the weekend! Not that I have anything planned, but I cant wait for it to get here so I can do nothing for a while.
A Master Auditioner has acquired specific skills that make him necessary to the production process. Otherwise you're hoping to get lucky.
Fiery debate erupted about the aesthetics of "whateverness [qualsiasità?]" during discussion of 's work yesterday.
hi!!! thank you for following us. check us out at facebook.com/mufasatheband
#Friendship is one of the best gifts we share with one another. #Angelic friends are here, but the #connection must be maintained thru love.
Some men dont realize a ride or die chick when they see them
#stm2012 what is big data? Big science versus data-intensive science. Biomedical is moving into data-intensive science
Don't like 700wlw making fun of the Beechwood marching band. Those kids work hard too! No class 700wlw!
- is that clear plastic around the toes?
How has this played out on campus? And what role does #scholarlycomm play?
thanks for following us.
so hot #sticky :(
This dude is sub tweeting but his fans don't know
your profile pic is absolutely gorgeous!!!
No poker for me today
That awkward moment when a Snapple bottle shatters at a play
Hoping the rain will hold off for tonight!
thanks bro. im realizing now theres nothing i can do
why is the internet so #BORING?!
"Pour yourself a drink, put on some lipstick and pull yourself together" <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
I appreciate the help. I can get omniture to work. I just don't like it.
Love this gag! RT : Anyone buy me a subscription to Glamour magazine? The latest issue showed up yesterday in my mail.
Everybody That See's This!!! Go Like <U+2794> Xspo Now!!!!!!!
user doesnt exist
Watching the #Amgen #TOC on #Versus channel ...let's go !
I'm in.....Go Team Blake!
I will DM his info. After I get his ok. Are you in Sac?
It will air again at 9p est :) But if you miss it then it will be.. You let me know I will make sure you hear it
You just can't please everyone
it's okay! We're all kids in our own ways(: I got excited over star shaped chicken nuggets :D
Do you have a clue about why this event is held? Lighten Up!
I'm in TWITTER JAIL! Lol
Sears hiring in the Hickory ridge mall
You got one right here, best podcast ever
Only 3 weeks left! Have U registered 4 the 2011 Southeast Institute?
Shakespeare would be jealous of my morning today.
tell me how it is
That must have been William H Macy
The meeting is, as usual, from 7 to about 10:30 at Merchants Grill.
you'r so sweet (:
yeah i guess ive come to the conclusion that im addicted to texting;p
Please #Jayhawks, please cut this lead and give #Kentucky and #Calipari the opportunity to choke!
19 more days to mother tongue O levels. seriously? ohmygod.
you can never get bored on #twitter. theres always something to #tweet about or someone to tweet with/to. hahah.
Oh how the furloughed management that have to work suffer: "So much for golf today"
Thank you. Someone stole my pain medicine. Sad.
it holds memories but the church is the people still standing. Our community is resilient and amazing!
happy birthday(: hope it was great((:
Larry David is a damn funny human being. Watching
You know it's a good day when someone makes #CallMeMaybe your ringtone on their phone. Thanks
#1ThingIWant for my hair to grow faster. <U+E40E>
Lights, Camera, Action! #NCIS - XavierLT.com
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast. In the pool where you least expect it, will be a fish. ~ Ovid
I wanna be with my man right now...cant wait till this weekend...
i will be there later to join you in
Due to a Facebook/Twitter mix-up, the last question has multiple winners. Congratulations and Eric Riickin of Facebook.
no, we haven't. We need to check it out!
Love WALKING DEAD! I'll check out your music!
The Sound and the Furry
it goes! how are you?!
Oh, too funny! usually decorates her Scion, but I've never seen a decorated scooter before.
S/O to my boy for leaving the yard today!
Welcome Reader/ Writer.
lmao. Young and hip? Ahhhahaha finally
Somehow Jay Cutler's twitter account just got hacked. RT : I got my Twitter policy from the Bears O-line. I don't block anyone.
Cute baby spotting with We're stealing one.
FINALLY finished my biology take home final.. now time to study for the in-class exam.
damn. I need to start running for an hour.
hey man what's wrong with that?
Karen O is the Blondie of our day... and I'm ok with that.
You will appreciate me one day.
I just thought it couldn't be life...
Video is live bro, got it posted on the station site
Follow me on
#Frontline - Wall Street using our tax dollars to lobby congress and tamp down regulations...funny!
Platforms have the power to require minimum stands from apps developers. CDA 230 does not encourage responsibility from platforms
Emma!!! love your style!
A lot of times, people don't know what they want until you show it to them
I think it all depends on how healthy Perkins is.
Good practice. Senior champs is almost here
Everyone falls down sometimes. But, not everyone picks themselves up gently and lovingly. Try it next time.
E-file takes 2-3 Fridays to come back. Sometimes your bank holds it for a day or 2.
I rather be hurt witout u than to be wit u and watch it all fall.
Get your daily dose of Agora Forte!
Want, want, want, want, want, want, more, more, more, more, more
That was a #tweet-hike if I ever saw one!
Have a great show! You killed it last night!
if your in wal mart yell " HEY YOU WITH THE FACE" or " HEY YOU, NO NOT YOU YOU COME HERE.... hi"
It would be pretty cool to be in the G8 Summit.. Only the most powerful governments in the world are in it..
Almost done shooting our new 1950's educational short film "Barry Lumpky: Comedy Junky"! Nifty!
yeah, we build on the cheap. Typical
Aww you made my day :) : I want a woman like she always in a nice mood
that would be an epic mistake.
thoughts on reporting through "sources" that Ross is pushing to draft Tannenhill?
anyway, ty for the info. Maybe its just spam I'm getting.
You dont know your BEAUTIFUL
Don't forget to grab some more coffee/tea/etc. before we head off for our breakout sessions!
Shhh...the adults are talking. Reagan didn't need to hide.
KCoxDC retconning Mass Effect Wiki says yes, and there are YouTube videos of ManShep/Kaidan in ME3. bWc
Congrats to one of our clients for earning the coveted NC certification of Lead Paint Project Designer!
With and getting ready to discuss city priorities. But first a piece of pizza from joe squared.
US & State Constitutions are for Greater Good of SOCIETY & protect individual rights. Cannot let religious MOBS enshrine a DEITY.
I use pro tools to edit my vocals in my videos
gettin' the #streeza shout out, hope all is well buddy
hey, please send all music and videos to email address listed on my profile...thanks!!!
But if i wake up to reality , there's going go to be millions of you , & one of me .
Helicopter buzzing near my house: "We have you surrounded. Come out of the riverbed with your hands up!"
yeah what that kid said
Celebrating "Share a recipe" week,if u hav som YUMMY-HEALTHY recipes,mail us: & we share it on our blog with your name.
WI Brides: In order to give your guests a "true" WI experience, would you serve Fish Fry at your wedding or rehearsal dinner?
My baby says "NA NA NA NA!" at me cuz I won't let him eat a penny.
Thanks to , my one-stop source for bug identification.
how fun! We love the #MissUSA girls &
when and where are you running to
I have been distracted this entire day..
thx Real!! Let's go Salt!!!
no :( We'll miss you!
Eww I'm peeling. Peeling yellow like a banana.
Awesome to hear! RT : openstudy is my new best friend omg
You don't know my struggle. I have to physically get out of my car to get parking tickets from garage dispensers.
BHO calls latest jobs report "good news"!
Will if I need to make so quick money this week in peeny stock " LUSI.OB " will be my pick..
The Daily Green Cleaning Tips will resume tomorrow! YEAH! Until then, remember white vinegar will clean almost everything!
Banana Split Enz
Hall of Fame third baseman Brooks Robinson discharged from hospital - Texas Rangers Fan Forum - Ranger's Fan Zone
It is believed that the earliest factoring was done via the Babylonia Code of Hammurabi by guaranteeing trade credits.
im so tired couldnt sleep lastnight for nothing i need a nap
You'll have to come here to get your
I got a dollar and a dream
Earn FREE Smoothies with the Elite Patron Card!
Daily Grill?
I think that girl has (CCD) lmao
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true. <U+E328><U+E32D><U+E32A> 66
hope you stay safe
Finally had time to get into Quora, and wow! It is the Yin of Opinions to Wikipedia's Yang of Facts.
Up early, babe just left for class, and now time to get things rolling. Have a blessed day y'all :-)
No,I meant I'm hard at work. I.e..working hard.
Tonights prophetic exersize was wonderful! God showed up and ministeted to the hearts of those who sought Him.
I have got to learn to check my schedule. Or learn to say no. Ideally, both.
are you sure?
What success has your organization had using a performance management program? Tell us your story !
any sexy woman in my peripheral will automatically Turn Me On ... all the hot things about chicks are definitely
Thanks! Gr8 seeing you again! RT: Cool twitter bio :) Gr8 chatting with you in the field the other day. Have a wonderful day!
I know, but we'll be back...Blackbirds are going to the Superbowl next year. BOOK IT!
what me and you had is now
No school friday !!!!
all my tweets got deleted.. ahahah
We never really grow up. We only learn how to act like it in public.
crisis averted, though the run kicked my ass. when is your tri? how's the training going?
#SongsThatMakeYouWannaFight Mama Said Knock You Out - LL Cool J
that's quality, baby!
Ate a jalapeño for a contest at West Point days. My lip still kinda burns.. Happy 4th of July everyone. (:
Best two days of the year coming tomorrow. Relish the madness!
we love YOU Dani! <3
So excited to hear it!!!
Each French Macaroon Gift Box contains 7 macaroons, with an assortment chocolate, cinnamon, pistachio, lemon & raspberry flavors.
thank you! And to continuing the convo on librarying!
Just because your Twitter account has been hacked doesn't mean there aren't people saying really nasty things about you
If you're looking for free entertainment tonight and tomorrow, turn your eyes skyward for the Perseid meteor shower.
Gotta go with Rousing Sermon for the #kentuckyderby tonight, afterall I am a
No worries love! Enjoy your weekend!
I got u homie. Preciate the follow.
Thesis proposal so close.....
last night was faaaaab
Otg all day every day
So who's filing the injunction against Amendment One?
Pink Hair and a Pink dress and some Pink shoes And Ray's going to have himself one "hot pink" date. #FF 2 ya
Follow & pin on for a chance to win one of four $100 gift cards all through Feb! Each "re-pin" counts as one entry!
who remembers when rappers used to battle eachother. not to prove nothin. just for the love of it. i dont see bout maybe 6 rappers who could
Also calls DeMaio "city establishment". No personal agenda here, just interesting perception non-SD pollsters have.
I hate my body so much that the last guy I had sex with I kept my t-shirt on like a fat kid at the pool.
*me at school* 1% of my mind = focused on the lesson. 99% of my mind = OMG IMAGINE IF ONE DIRECTION JUST WALKED THOUGH THE DOOR TO GET ME.
Don't forget to love what you do BEFORE you do it.
I just finished Drive by Daniel Pink. Loved it! It may give you some ideas for your Clients as well.
What is it about people who call themselves "spiritual teachers"?
you're sweet
what is that?
My son asks me if he could get a purple suit with a polka dot bow tie for his graduation ceremony.... I couldn't be prouder, so like me!!!
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult. -Seneca
i think your on drugs now.. haha
Your eyes...wow
: Try to get or to give me a shout via Tweet. Mutual peeps said they have been wondering my 20..
you can only correctly see when letters are 3x bigger than normal, rigid gas perm contacts often can restore full vision
Seriously, not one follower from #Boston? Don't New Englanders like Thai food? Let's step it up Boston!
Cards are stacked against San Diego ratepayers.
Then you obviously don't know me because I've only done that my whole life.
Ya I'm a huge steeler fan and ya I hate the ravens, but for people to be happy Suggs got injured is retarded. He is a great athlete.
Think about it for a minute before you say that.
~le cries~ come back on later!<3
I'm on a boat (subaru wrx sti) in jersey.
Drinks on me (but charge to Geoff)
(People read texts on websites, too, you know.)
Thanks for the good discussion everyone!
To give anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift. ~ Steve Prefontaine
U Know irepp The #BlessedGang! Who wit me tho?
I'm going to post a sneak peek to 1 of the custom #Vinylmation I'm making. It's going up at 2:00pm and being deleted at 2:01pm. Stay tuned.
Yes, use your brand name in the Facebook post message.
To everyone, yes I proposed and I'll explain tomorrow morning on the air!
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. - Aristotle
I don't get jealous of anyone I wouldn't want to be anyone else and I def. don't envy anything that anyone else has!
okay. Well tell us if your going anywhere so we can meet you guys or something(: oh and did the Boyz do anything last night?
place called "Oyster Bar" in Fort Wayne. Are you familiar?
bless up ! What's good fam?
Thanks for the tweet!
its about time
One man with courage makes a majority....
just shot a scene on General Hospital today... it'll air on December 29th on ABC... check it out!
Hell ya!!!
Who's ready for the NBA Playoffs tomorrow!!! Let's go Lakers!!
need more #bellhooks in my life & in this world.
Going to #modevux conference at the Ritz-Carlton learning leading-edge mobile web development
"Well... What do ya say Lamb Chop?"
This is a great organization!
I appreciate the ups and downs
me too!
likes to put hats in his ass
with all these escaladez getting married we should start considering each other
Gearing up for Opera Ball and TURANDOT premiere tonight! Heading to to pick up food for our exclusive staff party!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ELI OPPA!
I'll be there CLMG RT : So it's confirmed and - my dad wants you two front and center tomorrow lol
“: This world is so freakin small....”>>very small!
Power is knowledge
Have a wonderful time! Thanks for using ShowClix and Happy New Year :)
Very Important People: and.....well thats about it in my opinion :)
hope your cameras R ready as ur girl rocks the this weekend!!!
So many geese! #dontpooplz!
$462 lump sum for Mega Millions, before taxes. I'm buying more tickets.
Over at my grandmas house :D 23 more days til' i go back to school :-\ ohh well it doesnt matter :P iloveyou !!!! ;-)
On the way to ! WOO HOO WINGS!
i wanna make the most out of this summer.
I am always doing things I can't do. That is how I get to do them.
have fun!
Insanity so far!
That moment when you laugh at someones laugh more than the joke itself
How cool would it have been if Melissa McCarthy won, though? Love her!!
Happy Mothers Day to all the mums out there!
That said, I'm pulling for one of them to win it all since I'd root for Iran over the Rangers, Flyers, Devils, or Capitals.
#goodmorning. #happy to be alive.
#favwillferrellmoments lol...too easy.. when hes singing for his dad in elf and hes like "love u love u LOVE U!" :D
RT : Loving the Bam Bam Harper nickname. Hope it sticks.
You the shit girl ;)
About 2 get up n clean my room,take a shower n head 2 this school 2 see how much money i can get bac 4 these over priced books
watch them pull an NFL/NHL and decide to wear colored jerseys at home.
finally made it to smoke on your recommendation. fantastic!
": Yea, I'm in a gang." Let me join
chill out doh
thanks- great photo- I will fix the painting-I paint stadiums on baseballs and hate not to be accurate
Another reminder that the great Columbus band The Beers will be playing the Tree Bar in Columbus tonight at 10pm. I
RT : <Thunderous applause!> RT selected by White House as a Champion of Change:...
Never hav i ever eaten brusselsprouts
Stuck in Salt Lake City, Utah with this layover. Seen some pretty interesting peeps in my 6 hrs here today. Big Love Country!
Why didnt you and your sister just start sum with the twins like they did you
If u really tht big headed to think Lebron isnt the best player in the league...u dont know basketball
I'm sorry, who?
Learn what is new with SMO, contact our team today #twitter #
Being around people with iPhones makes me feel like I have a soul!
and he, once again, makes me question why he's on the site--or why he replies to things...
Stiff neck...ugh.
Yur music is my inspiration &it gives me determination. This year i was thankful for the oppt to met u bk in March.
pweeeaaasssseeee follow and tweet me!!!
We are now almost out of WC. We are 15 walkers strong. Raising awareness about fetal stroke and children's hunger.
hahah okayy and i'm chilling
Kerry wood? You guys are still bitching about him?
what series?
I don't think Lebron had a good year. He is the best in the league tho but he had a better year last year
yesh but no..umm my friend ish gonna take me somewhere
Yep. Similar to long division (yay calculators).
taught me to "seek & destroy" for that I am 4evr in hid debt!
I just bought some shoes, and they'll take until the 5th to get here. I'm probably going to forget I ordered them, :D
About to be done with this track though. Yeah. I think it'll be adequate enough.
Museum Interns are amazing.
Fusion magazine comes out April 10th with my feature!
look forward to hearing more about what you are learning!
Have an awesome week! Raibon Radio on www.LaTalkLive.com Every Wed night 9pm PST!
I want Tebow to stay a Bronco. Lotta people be mad if they traded him. At least he could learn from Mannig while he is here.
Just heard that Dick Clark died. I am depressed and the Mayans were right.
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music? 2O
George S. Patton: You're never beaten until you admit it.
Thought for today! Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools and accepted by idiots! ~Dwayne Wade
thinking about you
Hanging at the #Wawa in Pennsylvania. Where's Colorado again?
Yes i bet this is exactly what #Louisville is ready for right NOW RT : Louisville KY!!! Y'all ready for the show!!??
how do you feel?? Better I hope!!
Yeah, I probably am - what's the use of hating on him if I don't hate on his fans? C'mon son, you know.....
ME TOO! I wonder why... RT : The amount of spam I'm receiving on my cell phone is steadily increasing.
crazy? Lol j/k How have you been?
Come see me at chateau gardens!!! Im at the kiosk stand :)
i say N.A.S too much man i wanna change that one day cus i know there is a nigga out there that is shit..... somewer
just in time for the SB after a great tennis match against my hot new neighbor
We have a comprehensive "Knowledge Base" which offers step-by-step inst & video guides, can access via any BIW channel
They are only a few things better than making someone smile and making their day. It brightens my week.
Now hiring Inbound & Outbound Sales Associates as well as Call Center Managers, Supervisors, & Trainers. www.trgcs.com/joinus/html
Smoke a cigarette? RT : finished #50ShadesOfGrey ... now what?!?!? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
After talking to someone the phone, I hung up & said out loud to myself "Well, THAT was awkward"...then realized I hadn't hung up.
That's how I feel about Shakespeare Day
Who coming down to the RedRock Cafe Friday for the College Party?!!
IF U DONT HAVE THE ALBUM U CAN GET IT NOW ON ITUNES REECE "GYMSHOES"
Last day in #SanFrancisco :( Any #Sparklers going to be at ?
um I hate to break it to yaa...but he is not even close to beautiful ...!
DMV.. If you are in need of an MUA for your prom or wedding please DM or email me at
' It never rings lol
Putting my focus back on me!
Beat LC 14-3 yes!!! Two doubles and a beautifully cut up arm. ;)
Omg Im Gettin Tired Of You Im Not A Little Girl And My Ass Is Far From Little Lol :)
Yeah (start making out)
There's always T Rex RT : new motivating music, please..much needed. Thanks!
Coffee makes everything better.
That awkward moment when your talking and your gum falls out of your mouth.
Hey Thanks and let us know if we can help
thanks following you back!! :)
Bo Jackson's running into tunnel after game-winning TD run in OT to beat Seattle was pretty sick.
Both of my kids are a chip off the ol' block. My son made Honor Roll (again) & my daughter did very well2 -(daycare r/c)
I walk in on naked in bed and suddenly I'm getting oodles of #Klout notifications! Coincidence? I think not.
Talk Talk into the Talking Heads is the laziest transition ever.
You're just pathetic.
Warriors Stephen Jackson gives up role as team captain
Lol , Sorry , I'm not on so I ain't know you were talking about that..
Doug Collins: Rondo is an amazing player. He takes the ball wherever he wants on the floor.
It's still on 91.7 fm up here in heaven. Remind me to thank Gabriel when I see him.
There's my Power Group homie Jon! You guys went to watch a game last night?? Or in the other bar room.
Do you remember that day you fell outa my window?
Take this to the bank California hockey fans, will score at least a point per game for Kelowna again (14 in 11 so far)
RT am talking to ma ladies am talking to all ha ma ladies am talking to all ha ma girls all over the world #LoveYall”
Howard's good, like him cause USMNT, but Everton sucks...lol sorry
Time to masturbate myself since I'm not getting any ass today!! :|
i just posted in on our blog
Just previewed the #MomsRock magazine cover! It's fabulous. you look AMAZING as the face of #BabyBashBling!
lol my tag name is now lol but it's okay I still saw it :)
Yes, its about quality not quantity // RT : "We need smarter regulation, not more." I second.
I think I'll spend the day reminding Marion Barry about the numerous Asian shops in his ward.
IMO the person having the least fun during Ragnar is the one running. Want to be part of our team but not have to run? Seeking a van driver.
I'm a whore that's not sexually active lol.
happy birthday
Today is a new day~BAMM.
Check out the website www.gametime-athletics.com. Download the catalog! Save up to 20 - 30% on your team apparel. We Can Beat Any Price!
Thats awesome keep up the good work.
I am starting to separate the real from the fake cuz ppl nowadays are a trip
Bout to write a new song with and Shawn Christian
Just hope someone doesn't drown in that Jags/Panthers game.
Things to do on Sunday, May 6
Second time here and sti amazed by this place. Having a media noche sandwich and watching baseball. Happy mother's day
#GOODNIGHT.! Twitter Followers =]
at Pound Ridge Harvest Festival. Learned that it's the first ever such festival. hum.....…
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. "Yes" is the answer.
just kicked her own butt on the treadmill. GUH!
Audition today for a indie film.
I'm not much of a planner when it comes to shoppin' it's usually an impulse buy like orderin' BBQ
NO SCHOOL 4 YOU......! I'm here all day and ready for you anytime.
get out my mentions Eddie
Throat hurts :/
what u mean?!?
I agree....it makes him look like a twat
met with today and am in love with what you guys r doing to help kids explore their passions! How can I help?
Taylor Martinez is no doubt the worst passer in college football. His form is ugly. Get him a qb coach!
= cash back love it!
I was totally SHOCKED about the finale it was great OMG CANT WAIT UNTILL season 4 i cant believe she meet damon first I am still Team DELENA
Shoot u betta not u fool. U dont wanna mess wit that Hun RT : I'm not close enough to lay hands on ya !!! Lol
Josh Hamilton >>>
Grandma:we will turn the pool BOY into a pool MAN Everyone:<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
you can still come over, i just cant go to friends houses
Its about time for Kobe to rape another woman!
its pretty awesome your in now!!!
Loving #TheVoice!! Team
let's go
I hear Tupac Shakur admitted he shot a guy once.
Basement with bowling alley?
De los mejores covers...ever. :P
DANG IT
With Mars moving into the 1st n Taurus/Gemini on the 10th quite the contrary. Your life is set to expand big time
they'd probably run into the same sort of trademark legal issues they had the first time around with that name tho
Totally agree, it's tough but it's almost over!
where at!?
The black Kona Stinky with the yellow rim upfront
at least you got a lot of Great Values!
How did I fuck upRT yeah, don't think that call helped your cause, lol
Nasty!....that's something you keep to yourself
Gym session, feels so good!! Mind, body and soul!
Our long no A/C nightmare is over!! Oh the sweet feel of cold air!
Margaritas from taco cabana
Today's tip: Don’t eat out of a food container. You are more likely to overeat because you can't easily monitor your portion.
How long is Baby Brian in town for? AND No way! Stole your new iPhone? Urg!
Done with work,gonna run errands,then drop off something at my parents house,then home,shower,and cook..
M*A*S*H The Avengers
at least he didn't beat you
As much time as it takes me to get ready and get to my boyfriends house , why is he never ready when I get here ?
My Grandmothers funny, haha. I love her! <3
It's never been easier to make cash online!
RT If you suffer from insomnia, there is a good chance that your sleep patterns were often disturbed as a child.
hahahah... Why'd you delete the picture?!?!
“Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.” -Marie Curie
Are you signed up for #18hour of Evanced tomorrow? Just us and about 300 of our closest library friends...evancedsolutions.com/18hours
LOL that is too funny, happy Friday sir --> RT : "I hear you talking in Comic Sans"
OMG I JUS REALIZED IM GOING TO B 22 IN LIKE 2 WKS #JUNE4 #GEMINI <U+264A>
ah, so glad u got your tweet for Tiffany's TEDxWomen talk to go thru, watched, loved it! How often is TEDxWomen talk?
DYRS is making progress in developing local placements in order to keep DYRS youth closer to home during their rehabilitation.
"In the middle of difficulty lies #opportunity." - Albert Einstein #success #write #create #artist #quote #donotgiveup RT
Getting some late night din after the #ascapexpo networking reception! Expo starts in the morning.
Go for it! Even alone you can have a great time at Disneyland.
It's moving day! I feel like Mrs. Brisby. 10 pts if you can name the reference.
#2011was a pretty good year :) Can't wait for 2012! We choose our own destinies God provides guidance, its up to us to choose the right path
congrats Jen!
You rock babe!!! Such a good time working with you!
all my shows are on eztv or demonoid what the hell is this network tv everyone is talking about. C ommercials, what commercials?
Our in-house graphic artist & web designr is WONDERFUL! W/out Robyn California we couldn't have such an amzing website www.amazing-media.net
thanks for the shout out...so thrilled to have you on board!
That requires careful stewardship.... something libraries could manage, hackerspaces struggle with. :)
Every Block Is Different But The Game Iz The Same.
Fav thought from Day 1 : "The opposite of poverty isn't wealth, it's justice."
Porn Stars dont care about STDs..for a pill can take care of that..3 days u r cured. We care about HIV.
The doors of the Umspannwerk where the conference dinner of #TPDL2011 takes place, will open at 6.30 p.m. dinner starts at 7 p.m.
Just put the electric bill in my name...and watched my account completely drain. :o/
Why is America divided? Way too many white Americans don't want to lose their *advantage* over people of color. SICKENING!!!
I miss it there so much! The day I get home I must go back!
Where are you going to be working and what are you going to be doing?
thank you:)
I hope you miss me when i'm gone.....
Oohh...we got some awesome keynotes to be announced shortly. Rock on....
Good Luck To Those Of You That Are Starting School Tomorrow :D
Why are all my girls leaving deland high next year.. I dont even like 70 precent of the population at our school anymore
IF IM NOT CLEARED FOR GRADUATION BY WED..IM GOING TO SCREAM
Elizabeth Goudge~ Most of the basic truths of life sound absurd at first hearing.
Don't forget to talk to your peeps bout Blink!! :)
#Imagine walking in on Zayn in the shower, "Damn I'm sorry!'', ''No, wait, join me'' he smiles and grabs you before you can run out.
#winning RT : I'm official! I'm official!! My LMSW was approved!!!! Hooray!!!!
It's been too many months since I've felt appreciated. Feels good.
hahaha omg I'm laying out too! perfect day to not go to school<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><U+2600>
Talking to my Debra Darling Face! I miss her.
I just noticed that you tweeted the photo. Thanks.
beautiful song...
A wise person once said knowledge and caring without action are worth nothing. It's not enough to know, you must do!
RT : the last space shuttle launch. Many years of looking to the eastern sky watching,holding your breath, hoping all goes well.
I love you baby
eBay sells 2,500 cars per week on mobile devices
I would like that.
I just saw two people trying to herd a raccoon off of 10th Ave
Thanks for the follow . The Mayor always follows someone who is 'a really nice person.'
Happy birthday ! <U+E112><U+E312>
Love the Marshfield Walmart and the Amish. Behave!!
haha, actually not today. but i got a rude awakening during my review a couple days ago
sounds like a great conference!
There were big bites of my chocolate bar that didn't have almonds in them.
Damn im not tired one damn bit
Just finished the .5oz Oaxaca. Got a "library" of 9 different flavors. Looking forward to the Woolloomooloo Bar.
Arranging the solo mixtape while the group mixtape gets arranged, Praying for Balochistan and Sindh Provinces, Hope the weather isnt too bad
Got that volume up LOUD in my office..Short skirt/ Long jacket by
You should totally go to Austin. It's a blast. If not I'll take some pictures for you.
Glad the playoffs are on because I'm tired of all the #political bs.
Don't forget to call the Munchie Express tonight, we start taking orders at 7PM!
Almost 30 minutes through in this one and no #UMass players are in double-digits. Williams and Putney back in at 10:47 mark, 44-41
#CoachellaLive I think I saw Cee lo at a holiday inn jazz club with my grandmother last year
hahaha clearly. why would you need to pay $15 to go to the movies when you could see this for free.
My workout routine consist of following the Mexican lady around that sanitizes the workout machines.
next Monday you have off, hit me up.
N.F.L. FOOTBALL IS BACK TONIGHT! Go New England Patriots! Ochocinco all the way!
Well, I finished watching The Tudors on Netflix. Wow. What a great series! They should do one about Queen Elizabeth now!
It's supposed to be a scorcher today! Join us tonight to cool down in our cellar with the Jake Shapiro Trio! Starts at 8:30 pm.
When my mom snores<<<<
u shoulda scooped me b
Miss you to pieces!
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-14
Two grey catbirds are making a nest in the Forsythia bush.
hush woman lmao
The Sept. 22nd - 24th 2010 XVII ESRI Latin America User Conference was a great success.
who're the four teams tied for fourth in the ACC?
Great meeting you as well. Would love to stay in touch.
how you been?
Just booked a print campaign for Microsoft :)
We'd love to be an aunt and uncle, just sayin'. :)
i think you & should come light saber fighting with me next thursday for Jedi training. Just saying
first few people to mention me for #ff get a followback :)
Thx Boban i Marko Markovic Orkestar for sending "Golden Horns." Chair-dancing in a most embarrassing way.
yeah and I'm only 16... Back off
Make him look desperate. Most will look at it like he's trying to make one final money-grab.
here's the best way to eat a fruit rollup, you wrap around your thumb! like what im doing now!
Watching romantic comedies just reminds me of how much I miss Drea....
#OverheardNYC Girl next to me at happy hour tells bartender "They let us out early for Fashion Week." Congratulations China & India!
'For now, let them grow.' powerful!
Spend Leap Day at Ground Kontrol & try our Quantum Nachos topped with house made Spinach Artichoke Dip and diced tomatoes. Only $5!
Vote for "Alonzo Turf Jones" on Americas got Talent
todays our half birthday
Sorry I don't know there names and I only know one song name and thats Glad you came
Maybe Aubrey Huff can become Tim Lincecum's personal catcher.
i want summer to come but i just hate the sun ugh it makes me darker and i don't feel like putting sunblock every two hours...
its ok next time
we need pitching on the Mets staff, then again who doesn't?
More Smoke!
“: Fuckin Dez Beats Up I Jus Bought From & Looking For More Producers To Spread Bread Wit #LetsLinkUp”
What is going on??? Everything is in Farsi.
Had a blast. Great win.
What else don't I like
There's 3 weeks left till graduation and people are getting in relationships.
YES!!! it's already HAPPY HOUR!!! 1/2 off all apps, 1/2 off Central h2o Ouisconsing, and a buck off all other drafts!
Send me an email @ please peoples
yay! What did u learn?
#watchme is stuck in my head...oh well...love it :)
love you best friend! :)
I love this planet, but this planet's killing me. Sitting here in all this grass, man, I don't get no weed.
I swear . Shit would be different
Under-rested and over-caffeinated.
you wouldn't do it for Johnny man...so you don't get it...
RT : More Drama: Confirmed race date for Alterra coffee bean Classic Race, August 29th 2010.
Who's gonna watch MayWeather and I fight this weekend?? <U+E40D>
kids insisted we get there early. Well we are here and second in line :-)
thanks for the feedback! good to be connected.
I know right! They must for a 3-1 lead and win the series Saturday for a great birthday weekend
Snow dragon at work on Charles St. Near Homewood campus. Road is closed
Thank you! :0)
SAVE THE DATE: Help Green East 103rd St. Community this Sunday at 11am!! Plant trees, play hop scotch & more! RSVP
Bad night for the Tampa Bay
Omfg da boy in mah room is a demon D:
never stop learning
Sorry I must leave #EdTechLink early. Glad so many Bmore twitter all stars are present so I don't miss much!
Did make it to the shootaround?
"If I win the lottery I'm going to buy Pinterest and turn it off." - Facebook (el oh el)
#immvt where's the wizard of oz songs? Isn't that our theme?
Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
As someone who does it himself, can we admit the [blank] > [blank] is overplayed on Twitter?
don't taunt me...I can't wait to ditch my spotty, barely-faster-than-dialup DSL connection.
Fallen Captive with Pierce the Veil Miss may I and Woe is me. December 7th at Peabodys in Cleveland, Don't miss out!
I have 12 songs all together....lol
Using slang in media interviews can be tricky. It is fine to use when it is clear you are using it on purpose, but be careful with it.
Her pussy was so good I put it in a VERSE/I kept cuming back so I think it was CURSED!
great meeting you tonight at MoDev, I signed up for a Beta, looking forward to it.
#nowplaying lights (bassnectar mix) ellie goulding ..my getting ready music Bar 9 tonight! Come out :p
<3 dungarees! Haven't heard it in 2 decades! Lol.
they are a bit pricey but really work.
Dinner then shower getting up early tomorrow gotta be in Brooklyn by 5am.good night people. GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
A good measure between soreness or injury is if the pain is bilateral. 1 sore shoulder after you've worked both could spell injury.
Oh whats up Kings
Holy nuggets
#DMCA needs root access to test its apps on Android devices.
Debbie Gibson! I just think it's hilarious how awesome she thinks she is.
Nope, got poolside DJ duty on Sunday :-) Good lookin' out, tho.
I am off tomorrow and the Indians game is at 1....HELL YES
ATL > white tie affair
Lmfaoooo I wouldve been like do this looks like a jacket To you ! (: hahahaha, but um what else he say ?
I really liked ur question to the Dalai Lama re parenting: children must be provided max affection 4 more compassionate generation
Want SOMETHING;GO GET IT..DON'T TALK% JUST DO ITv
Best Male Pittsburgh News Anchors: K. Rice (19%), S. Smith (15), D. Johnson (11), M Clark (10), A Stockey (9)
RT Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Wondering if it's too late for me to be an artist.
Thanks for the #FollowFriday. So you won't be at Context tonight?
Where can I find you for prayer service on Monday? I was invited by Efrain Figueroa. :)
Follow my boy for a shoutout
like 300. But I just bought one for the 14th. So I can't afford 2 tix home and back. Cuz I gotta be here 2 go 2 FL
How was your breakfast?
The U.S. Supreme Court discussed the constitutionality of the 2010 Healthcare law. The act expands coverage to 32 million Americans.
you're so fucking gay
tweet me for my birthday? Please? :)
Adrian Gonzalez & the Padres take over Acqua Al 2 on 8/19 for charity. Mix & mingle w/ them. Tix are $195 each. www.agonzalez23.com
sure, lemme know when
Broadcasting a major skyland conference matchup between ridge and pingry for MSG VARSITY!!!!!
Can't believe the 76ers won tho.
#IdFangirlIfJustin drowned me
takeover on Fuse?? YES please!!!
Sponsorships on NBA jerseys... the final frontier... the one and only piece of inventory untouched... smh
The no ly-word rule is all about limiting the amount of adverbs you use i.e. gently, softly etc. Hope that helps! :-)
think I'm onto something.. yoga and coffee BEFORE work may yield a productive day
#thoughtsduringschool WOAH. that wall is sexy.
And if not, no big deal.
#SMSK tickets go on sale THIS THURSDAY!!! 2 bands, hot peeps, one hell of a party on 6/9 at Nola's!!!
i would have been one of those people. Sigh.
COME TALK TO ME! :D
Not as nice as a Millipede
i have surpassed #1000tweets :O
we guarantee that college fantasy football does not ruin anything!
A conscious community of practice
be NAB Monday - Sunday. Kickit!?
Power to the productive people !
aye shawty you goin be n the cafe again? Just meet me by the buses?
LA is always awesome, but today, my day was downright spectacular.
Also drove from Seattle to ! (Well, might have been other reasons too.)
I got off ustream no one was Watching me?!!!! =(
your voice is addicting. congrats on your nomination...the recognition is well deserved!
is goin to Bed
Seriously want to thank everyone who was able to come through last night! We feel all the love & are giving right back through good music!
Selection Show making Ice Loves Coco look like compelling television.
it was great to meet you all in person. Keep the powerful films coming...blessings on all your endeavors!
i love
School = less twitter :(
We all have the power to design the outcome of our life by focusing on today & consciously selecting our thoughts+words+deeds re: Our Desire
I do love here for a few more months!
EVERYTHING from Candeo is great. Thanks for sharing!!
O. I like to color combination!
Life's like an hour glass glued to a Table.
hi girl! I'll be back in town tonight! Hope to see you soon!! ;)
alright kiddos... im outta here!
Justin is gonna be an amazing father in the future(: I can already tell
can you give me like a super tip on how to attract a manager like yourself, is there some sort of secret I don't know?
on to do some followbacks/shoutouts? TWEET US !
there are two new mexicans on the #TweetAct Panel! Dont miss out
I love funny guys... I'll never get tired of Jimmy Fallon's Tebow skits, I love Jimmy Fallon, so funny
I'm grateful for the live tweeting. This is a big issue.
Hey Con.. I miss you
They were missiles that used one of Corning Inc.'s most successful defense products of the 1950s and 1960s -- glass-ceramic radomes.
Awwwes...giving you cyber foot massage thoughts...might make it real someday...if you are lucky!
I'm gonna need to search...that. Yes that.
Mind-blowing
it would be so fun an we get to watch them run in speedos
I expect you to say hello to me! :) liking the new body! You better werrrrrkkk girl!!
well, people move on, some faster than other, I really have nothing to say that will comfort that
No offense Vancouver but I'm glad the Olympics are over so I can go back to watching truly mindless television again.
Follow me on #instagram -
thanks! Good to see you too!
RIP to Nate Dogg, thank you for your hard work and everything. My condolences are w/ the family and people that knew him. Life's 2 Short!
Too much space between our CBs there...
Aww, he's too cute!
Happy birthday?
Are you nervous??
when are you heading back to city of angels!? & I went to Commissary and thought of you!
hell yeah; fucinng right : )
I hate to be a downer, but this week was not a good one.
Wish I could have gone!
#Mahomies who wants to be in the video that im doing for Austin:)??
i never really spent that much time in that area except for getting on the orange line
Ok, let me rephrase -- I realize the 250$a is whatever is on the title page; my question is more of how the publishers generally use this.
Wishing everyone a very happy holiday
I get a really cute outfit today <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097>
Floating on the cloud of “if only” / only possible a few times in life / If only we could live with that
Wtg gl everyone!!!
OMG. You registered for a ninja. That's just baller. I loved it. I bought a ninja. Who knew you could shop for those.
plus la taquiza is right across the street, if you want to try an awesome mulita too
Very cool, thanks for sending!
thank you for the RT!!
Snakes & Lizzards & other such creatures at The Nan! Come meet & learn about these Sonoran Desert dwellers we live with. Sat 11th, 2-4
What great news! Congratulations and best wishes for an incredible career.
thanks love you to<U+E32A><U+E32D><U+E328>
Successful media night with SKD and ! #kingsallday tomorrow!
Fitness-center members are more likely to pursue health-promoting lifestyles and behaviors.
Nice job Helena!
I'll bet you can guess!
#Educause10 #e10_sess041 CCS gives us a great look at how our industry has changed over time. Let's consider this in the context of Hamel
Debating the need for a microwave in my office. I'm against it. No 1 else is. But I'm the boss, so we don't have 1. go to messdeck 4 that
very cool! Best of luck to you sir. How is MA going for you?
what are your thoughts on budget proposal?
I miss you too (: RT I miss oomf
What happens to flash based projects on the ipad? Note to self: need to order one quickly
Gluck: Media and data used to be connected, but now you’re buying information from one place and actual ads from another.
But that would require me to come to Maryland! (I might be up for it though)
Matt doesn't like beets!!?? Robert! This is crazy!
both its phonetic mouthfeel is nice and the way it harkens back 2 Breakfast Club-era insults
ARE YOUR CHAKRAS OPEN AND STRONG?
im not a liar! Maybe tthey were trying to seduce me! Not vice versa;)
#RightToWork in Indiana? more like #RightToTOIL or
#youknowwhenaguyisdesperate when he goes around tweeting hot girls asking for cam sex. Right ?
Don't feel good
>>>MLM News! Zilergy( New Company Listing )
Right By My Side Was Awesome I Loved It!! =)
Your dad is a chiropractor, right? I really need one, my back is terrible. :(
are now TRUE "PAKALITES!!!"
i hate that i have a dimple on my left cheek, and NO dimple on my right cheek !
I like a lady with pretty hands. If you're a woman with ugly hands, why are you even alive?
Last night was absolutely fantastic! Thanks so much for being a part of our #dcdesignweek event
Working on a little diamond called "What I Wish I'd Been Told in High School." Going to be brilliant.
Wonder if my cousin going to come fuck with me this weekend like he say he is
i could email this straight to tigerbeat.
wat up dude.yea we was listening to N ICE LOL I REMEMBER WE DID DAT VIDEO.:-)
Could not agree more “: Idk about but I may or may not turn out to be the worst nurse ever #pedi #notmythang”
sounds like you ladies had fun last night! thanks for coming out!
Girls - Beastie Boys
Both Maud Marks & Octavia Fields branches are having book sales tomorrow. Good reads cheap for a good cause. 10:00 am start.
The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.
If you could choose one last great edit what would it be? A movie, documentary, commercial, news package?
that's what's up! Tell them to check out the "Chicago Style" mixtape!
Absolutely the perfect weather coming up the next couple of days! ....unless there is a pool nearby then I want it to be 90.. Hah
So, I'm taking 's studio. Start moving next Friday (5/11). Bring me your boxes, dear friends!!
We are in!
Did we mention the presence of a BIG NAME Hollywood A-lister on our stage tomorrow night? Here's a hint: Who is Keyser Söze?
"How Am I Doing?" My favorite part of the is back tonight!! Don't miss it!! 9p/12a ET
I'm at the gas station with mamma. We're on our way!!!
I have to unfollow you for the spam....sorry
Come on. Do not ignore this tweet. An 8 year old girl is battling leukemia and all she wants is to meet
Up in the class room
Big Money,Big Dreams, & Beats Of Life
Nonresistance is the key to the greatest power in the universe.~Eckhart Tolle
the girl with the dragon tattoo or Percy Jackson's series!
hii :) hows everything ? just hope you read this tnxss
Your amazing i love you come to Holland Michigan !!!! please .
I love ya Hoss!
I had to look those up. So... basically they're Reichhosen? You can keep your weirdo pants to yourself.
I'm going to watch the season premiere of "ridiculousness" tonight on Can't wait is in this one! Kidraul!
Thanks for coming on .tv. Good luck tomorrow night!
#Echelon3000 TONIGHT FREE ALL NIGHT | FOOD, DRINK N BOTTLE SPECIALS ALL NIGHT!!!
Changing behaviors in patients/HCprofessionals;what works? effective education and training helps but isn't enough; interested in your view
RT Listening to Talkin' Toons podcast makes me miss ! We should all get dinner again soon! I miss
A dog may be man's best friend, but the horse wrote history.
Now off to the park(:
so like..follow mee?(;
Dr. Smith is holding class in the caf. Good thing eavesdropping is my spiritual gift.
If there's a website or a phone call you get that is "too good to be true", and it's promoting to actors, it's probably not good.
RIP Carroll Shelby!
I didn't know Wilford Brimley & Andy Griffith were still alive. How is that possible?
Girls can be perverts and get away with the shit. Boys can be perverts too...but they end up in jail or with a restraining order
the only response I've received from #groupon is "it should have shipped; you should have it soon; we cannot track it; we don't know jack."
Time to make some magic happen!
OMG I just looked up the Swarm on Netflix. That is a guaranteed winner! Thx!
take em all.
I love guys with accents.
Crazy weather lately! Hearing about a lot of leaky windows. If you have leaks fix them now before things get worse. Now=<$ Later=BAD NEWS
cant wait to see diggy simmons on 106&park
Google's 2011 Search Quality Guidelines leaked online. Interesting stuff. Funny: they require testing in Firefox because of it's usefulness.
Who else hates all the inquires they get about traditional LiveCycle because Flex Data Services was rebranded as LC? Yah.
addicted to Downton Abbey
I love you:*
Good morning! I'm taking a break from Italian today. Going with a turkey sub for lunch! #WIN. What are you having?
Happy Friday! :-)
Not sure if those have connections, but it does seem to all boil down to the body's ability to process toxins or prevent toxicity.
Please refrain associating me with that, I don't not like it. Thank you much hoochie mama shorts.
I could see you rocking the electricity leisure suit at our next Raiders game.
Best way to beat the heat? Be like the critters and become nocturnal. And drink plenty of water!
UNF Students: Watch the World Cup on the 1st floor of the !
I'm so hooked on my smoothies that I'm willing to get up 20 minutes earlier to prepare on even if it is 5:30am.
I tried but one was like you 6 foot something I saw when u walked in lol #Busted ...
stay strong
RT : Orangebloods.com has confirmed Plano West DE Bryce Cottrell has switched commitment from Oregon to Texas.
A2. I recently heard it said that if a company is building a new website..strategy should be "mobile first" Agree?
Trulia pitching itself as a community for agents, owners, builders, etc. Not just about buyers and sellers.
Emmett is soo hot!! Oops, I mean, he's teaching me ASL and he doesn't even know it!! <3
Muh boys made me proud tonight! Too bad I didn't bet no shoes or nothin' on the game.
R.I.P. -Peter Steele frontman for Type O Negative !
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.- John Lubbock
cause they're so good ;D
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 50
Linkedin evangelist-I have a some friends not in linkedin, I sent linkedin request. Linkedin will know to connect them to me years from now.
The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated ~ William James |
let me know if you have any questions about Wix!
Going for a drive. Maybe all the way to Kingman AZ. Y not
PLEASE quit spamming me .... 23 emails today so far. I've asked nicely.
FOllowing :D
It's cool that the candidate "pulled himself up by his bootstraps," but what if those bootstraps cost $10,000.
Anyone went to invite me to google plus? I'm pretty certain this thing is going to be big.
haven't made much yet, but will share as is public by default like good research data should be!
There is a Japanese girl in front of me in line wearing a shirt that says "everybody loves an Irish girl." I don't buy it.
Nope. But I like my seat. He probably likes his. And it's a small classroom, so I just go with it.
Your home ? Eat something !
Well, I'm starting my 10 week online calculus class today. I'm about to get so much shit done
Opening Day tomorrow for our t-ball team! Hope they all have fun at the parade and a great first game!
Why not celebrate existing, growing decentralized network of digital distrib. of "out-of-print" work through self-pub?
Don't forget the Executive Womens Golf Association "Let's Do Lunch" networking event at the Egg and I tomorrow, (Wednesday) at noon. Non m…
he will get over his women problems soon. I knew he was having women problems so I put him on my team to win
Cleveland is dumb for making that trade. Richardson would have been there at 4
Was convinced that today was tuesday
would he be able to go to England in Liverpool? We have #TheBeatles and many famous faces &we have capital of coulter
besides, what's with the self loathing? I'm undoc and I have no interest in taking on that kind of journey.
Attn: Realtors - have you RSVP'd for our Holiday Parties yet? Don't miss out on the fun and chance to win a cruise!!
Outside the airport in Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina. The city isn't bad, it's tiny, by the airport is lame.
Be gentle. Scott Walker has no involvement, and it's only like two degrees from Bon Iver.
Did you buy one of our owl shirts? Take a picture of you wearing it and post it on our wall!
Please mention . I dont now you follow .i'll follow back . Just mention.
I'm just going to leave this here: iron.io
Im up now RiRi gotta pack tho O.O we'll leave in a bit Awww yay Sisterly luv
I am who I am! Your approval is not needed in my life! I will be just fine without you! Thanks for your consideration.
Joshua is an amazing vocalist! Best of luck to him!
I think the one thing I wont be able to take after I make it is ppl who i knew before tryna pull a 180. im in the gym practicing lefty.
Woah there!!! Im sorry. I been laying low cuz my hair not dne. & I Dnt live on Douglas no more.
I should stop buying shirts that need to be hand washed. I feel like an old lady from the 1800's washing this stuff
(cont) so if they can get a few extra hundred thousand, you have to think they would do it. Means MKE can prob get him for 600-700K
LORD, I need your help about now...>BIG TIME! prayers in the air! GLORY to GOD!.
I don't like where this is going..
Something Big and exciting is going to happen for Bar and Restaurant business social media....stay tuned...
haha , balls stuck to the legs?? :)
I ended up focusing on
10 minutes. Celery bitch(:
My flight for Los Angeles leaves in 12 hours, and I haven't even started packing yet. So much to do, so little time.
Clogging pinterest with hot guys like and
Our #Bulls need to make it do what it do today!!
Looks great man!!
congrats Stephanie. Nice honor for you
It's hard to make up your bed while you're still sleeping in it. Hard to make up your mind for the same reason. ~Robert Brault, www.robert
her left them?! Hahshs
Bout 2 Try & Rite A Remix 4 Trust Issues (& Make Id BETA Den My Marvins Room Remix)
Tough loss tonight
Would've been a great no-call. We aren't demanding the foul. But give us our hard-earned lay-up! It's Mike Miller for godsake!
RT : Thanks my Download Speed is .16mbps (via SpeedTest.net) <-- That's 50 times SLOWER than what they advertise!!
When we first met, I had no idea you'd become this important to me.
the school fucking calls m.y house saying im not there EVEN WHEN I AM, damn these bitches are tryna trap me there forever
One should always be at least semi-nocturnal in the summer in the south. That's when all of the magic and/or danger happens.
Laying down !
Thanks for the update and good luck with the filming.
followed me.. I feel so loved! :)
hey Justin I'm one your biggest fans , and I would love to meet. Please. My birthday is coming April 16 I'm going to 16 .
Thank you darling! Love and miss youXx
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter Ii Actually Thought That You Could Tweet Celebrities And They Responded To All Of Themm :(
Found it. The Grackle (right on East 6th, where dragged us) at 1:35. Going to head over that way.
About to commit 1 gig of changes to a repo. Wish me luck.
It's raining so it's only right to listen to "rain is a good thing" by !! Corn makes whiskey, whiskey makes my baby..;)
Another day, another follow from a Death Metal band from the Midwest.
All games are on tonight
I feel you on that one.
Am I more likely to kill a man w an empty bottle or full w/o cap on bottle of beer?
KLUSOZ TONIGHT FOLKS!!! U KNOW THE DEAL, CRUNK ALERT IN FULL EFFECT!! WE STARTIN' THANKSGIVING BREAK NOW!!! C.I.T.I.
R.I.P TO ALL 9/11 VICTIMS
Happy Friday Everyone!
RT : Also, if you find us at the #PSUtweetup we will give you a camera!
lol I'm following you too fucker!!
She has MS and totally dependent. Npo way to get there BUT UNITY saw to it she did! Blees ya SUE. TY for allowing us to be part of ur day
Trying to get used to this "timeline" view/layout. Kinda confusing, no?
is watching Toy Story. On VHS. LOVE it. ;)
Tomorrow is #SACFair! 11 am to 3 pm on Copley Lawn! (Some) rain or shine!
Got me some beef tongue at LA Artisanal on Sunday. Should be on the menu this weekend.
Today's gift card winner is Logan Walker. Congratulations!
Twitter is the only place I can complain and people like me for it.
18 hours L.A. to Seattle. One man and his Smart car!
now following hit me
Plus is pretty much a roomie too..
Oh that's a good idea! What program did u use?
We're up to 13 LEED certified major pro U.S. sports venues! Keep them coming!! #GreenSports is big for
#MoMoFresh is the Freshest Young DJ in the game!!
I LOVE Up All Night<U+2665> massive internet hug to you <U+2665>
follow me follow me i followed and she followed back
Cool!! has teamed with Solazyme, and is partnering with Dynamic Fuels to offer commercial U.S. flight powered by biofuel
RT : At final playback for 11-11-11 stoked to hear it!!!
Had a successful day with (:
We're a long way from the good ol' days.
Will Supreme Council go through with transfer of power to civilian leadership after elections?
lol I no rite. His performance is crazy.
Haven't decided if I should continue meticulous editing or move on to another section of the collection that is not yet available online.
you guys are gonna post a new rookie projections after the NFL draft right? I'm sure you will. Keep up the good work
what's happening my friend. Have not seen you since Chicago! BTW GREAT job service! You & are great!
Good things come to those who wait.
as in ed sheeran and taylor swift wut
I take that bus a lot... Driver just wants to get home and flies
Monday is National Human Trafficking Awareness Day
"He's really been off his game. He probably has a disease or something." -mom, in reference to Tiger Woods
RT : Portland Spirit just joined the Chamber!!! Can't wait to get the Willamette Star up there for some cruises in October!
helping by serving a chapel dinner to the homeless on Monday Nov 21! Thanks
Shes my best friend. Of course im going to tell her everything you just said. :)
I think I invited you.
are you chez vous or at tweetup? Hope it's the latter...
Old Tom Petty tunes will keep me drinking and handing you my $ for as long as its playing.
Congrats to Linda R. Winner of our Season Of Doing $250 Spa finder card.
its storming like a bitch in Chicago!
Today’s Beverly specials: Soup of the day is Butternut Squash. Sugar free lemonade is Peach Ginger.
Watching #TroyDavis God Bless.
There are a number of reasons why people don't post on blogs, but if you make them register first, you're screwed b4 you start.
Sitting in church, missing the glamor of my Juice Plus conference. Talking about hell today that reminds me, need to go to Costco
SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS EVERYBODY! Oh wait.. That's a needle.. Ouch. Last shot though :)
Listening to Ed Dale say that 50% to 60% of new Twitter users drop off after first month. Wonder why.
haha was that a reference?!
What a beautiful day out! I can not wait for my lunchtime walk. I'm so glad I'm near a door and windows.
Sunlight is one :)
Happy hearts day! :) <3
Did anyone care if Campbell got beaten? Nope.
bought #worldscutestdog #boo 4 my daughter after seeing it on Nordstrom's pinterest board. social media = $
Lunch with a legend today, Dr. Jonathan W. Little. No tiny little records in their tiny little beds. Just Cuban sandwiches.
If you're looking to learn Ruby on Rails I would highly suggest the training videos. They're great.
Here comes the snow!!!
#raw10 Katt Williams AKA Katt n da Hat, has changed 2 Feathers. A pidgeon n Dogs n Cats 2, the movie. A Jailbird elsewhere
yes I did...with my good friend Miss Christin Wilson. I hope you won!
Dancers! Give me a shoutout in the next hour and I will FOLLOW you!
i love those little things that make me really love #uchicago. those are the best moments.
We are able to produce anything from Posters in 1 Day to 64 page Magazine in 3-5 days.
All I want are some goddamn shredded hash browns... This is all I want today. Well, that and world peace. And prob for lunch
Lol just saying stay mamma. What's the reason ,,,joby job
#ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies is tell what what's about to happen when you KNOW what's about to happen CAN I FIND OUT FOR MYSELF ! ! !
Prison libraries as literal models of gatekeepers providing agency for others.
RT : TODAY is THURSDAY!!! Come take class tonight Ida Hollywood I'm teaching Cherish "Like A Drum" one more time! 9pm- 10pm :)
love when you give me head.. hate when you give me headaches
Can't wait to be done with my last SAT
Iron man:)
Nick still looks fresh on a lazy day!
About to present tips and tricks for techs with
TRS news; Jordan buys TV, goes to starbucks, thinks about cosmetology, and sees some pigeons. that is all.
Dear wikipedia: the only thing more wonderful than the Delaware Water Gap is the article about its geology.
I'm not troubled by selling public domain content but the lack of attribution is really lame.
Wrong again. We don't talk.
“: Who else is ready for the semester to be over?” oh me, me!
YAY! We reached 100 followers today! Now let's get a 100 more! Help us spread the word on #volunteer opportunities in
I just butt tweeted
U GOT 2 check out the new #musicvideo for #Addicted from directed by from #SNL. GREAT vid w/ cameo by yours truly :)
So excited to be helping out #Cleveland women by attending a T2P2 event at Jammy Buggars in Lakewood at 6:30pm tomorrow.
Brad Paisley, The Band Perry, and Scotty McCreery are performing tonight at the United Spirit Arena, Lubbock, TX. Tickets at: 888-493-0004
I am refreshing 's tumblr over and over like some jerk waiting for paintings.
Day 4: the choreographer doesn't seem enthusiastic about the booty popping I'm trying to add to the show.
haha awh , I'm sorry ! I'll make one sometime soon(:
That's pretty awesome! Wish i could take credit, but it's all about ! Have a great time!
I agree. And announcers r2 pimp good guys. So why did DCrockett screaching 4 TA or Garvin make me hate them so much?
Oh good, the summer has arrived in Saint Louis. <---Sarcasm,
Fired up for tomorrow's #DWTS cast reveal!
We absolutely loved it!! Do you have a course on "All things Bubbles"? and I love bubbles.
How to be healthy? Do something every day that makes you feel good! :)
Nah it was fun! I'm working on getting him logged on!
hahaha heard that!! Records would be broken #sickBP summer ball, as coaches.. Joke show
It's rhino cup time!
"There must be more to life than having everything." #RIP Maurice Sendak
Kristen Bell Reveals Secret ‘Hunger Games ’ Obsession: ‘It ’s All I Think About ’ It ’s no secret that everyone at Celebuzz i
thank you :-) have you met him yet?
In Boston, there’s a spike in ER visits by severely-underweight kids 5 & ynger. Over 16M kids in US live in homes w/out sufficient food.
sorry you couldn't make spectrum. Nice chatting. Need to call it a night!
how are u?
In my 8 years of coming to Daytona, this was the craziest nationwide finish I have seen
a ok ok
lol im a guy thanks my name is justin im the guy in the pic and are u a girl u kno u could be a guy secretly on here !
I haven't jammed to Incubus in forever c:
Don't point out how Republicans and the GOP are wrong, point out the positives in the democratic seats and party.
Awesome. Thanks!
see "Take Shelter" tonight @ 7, Q&A after w/ post-prod team. Cool article about them in this week
my dad works for king county with him!
bye guys :)
If I was a hot dog I'd put lots of spicy brown mustard on me and eat myself.
Those text messages that make u smile when u read them..gah i love those<3
hi tattoo tommy and friends
TechStars' tells startup founders - don't give up. Redo, rehash & reapply.
tweeting stuff .
The Warriors lead the Spurs 89-87 with 8:56. If this is tied at the end of regulation, they should just flip a coin.
“: : can't wait to get off work and start working on bathing suits with !!”
Steve Blake!! This is sick, it would be like Tony Graffinino hitting 3 homers in game 7!!!
lol ok so i see ppl take dms seriously i barely check my dms bitches really get mad when u dont respond lol so they unfollow
Blah blah blah RT for Justin Bieber to follow you blah blah blah. Yeah... Cause he'll do that because you RT something you say >.> Fake.
Hear tell us what he's learned from failing! Watch our NEW SHOW "My Big Fat Failure" Feb 26th, 9pm on
I'm hittin hard like a ape
so off topic! Wtf
Wait wait...that's not from Dumb and Dumber Michael!
#justsaying Not some, but All!
Anywho bout too watch tv till I go back too sleep , again lol
"I think the sequence is spectacular. It's like a ballet" Dante on the Fort Siege scene
You can always see the character of the man by the woman he chooses.
I feel so horrible.
Sitting at the ortho :/ ohh well it's gonna be a great day today(: maybe tan a little and try to invite over(:
Teen Historical Fun - BRIGHT YOUNG THINGS by Anna Godbersen (LUXE series) moves ahead two decades to follow Flappers in the 20s
Secret Service screwed the hookers physically and literally now metaphorically they want to screw them allegorically
Happy New Year! Remembering your fun party last year!
check out our friends they do great things and we look forward to collaborating!
What and Tyler brown did was truly amazing.
While does his Twitcam im off to school , Yaaaay Me -.- Have a great Day <3
Great times with great friends :)
Can we room together? And do the mocking game from high school? RT : can I play on your baseball team?
You might want to ask OLSH for your money back because you still cant cout. RT " I Hate The Pens But 10 Goals Is Impressive"
I was in Louisville and I SCREAMED IT OUT THE WINDOW!!" #A Day! 4
scratch "dead cat in trunk" off #mnleg bingo card. Never thought I'd get through entire card in these retirement speeches.
Sometimes it good to listen to old music #good times
("prevent" may be too strong, I don't know well enough -- perhaps "obstruct")
Singing for the TN Women's prison with my Soul Choir sisters last night was the most amazing experience of my performance career yet!!!
haha ya know!
good point, MJ.
Tomorrow is day one of the 7 days of $1 beer part deux! Hasta mañana!
when are ya coming closer to Windsor?!
nothing more charming than the merry "Hoot-Hot" of the train at the children's zoo across the way.
I will never get used to this feeling
“: I, personally, want nothing to do with you romantically, but I will kill anyone that does. And I don't like you leaving your home.”
Pedi and mani time. Simple but sexy at the same time. Good day friend.
Doing what i love..... #MUSIC Writing constantly and making this life happen for the best.
we should hit the pool tonight, that would be FABULOUS
EMPIRE STATE!!!
call me! sgiohgs.
I did, and it was worth it. No surprise.
Momoko bubble tea and onigiri for #lunch at #erl12 today (& prob tomorrow & wed...)
I'm having login issues "ERROR: Unknown System Error" Have an idea of what I should do? Same issue across browsers. THX
we're a new restaurant in #lakeview dedicated to sustainability and local farms, we'd love to have your mag here!
saying online the injuries he sustained has killed him now... Not sure tho... Trapped in the closet!
Still laying in bed
It's Geek Day here ! Get ready your technology fix on right here!
Thx for the recent mention in your "Put Time Where Your Money Is" article!
My hands are swelling fml
Who driving to #Arizona with me in December? Expense paid
welcome back for opening day! Hope to see u around LoDo. Dante Bichette will be there, his son is a Yankees prospect! Fun day!!
I'm convinced that my computer hates me today!
Thanks. We enjoyed writing it.
we do our best, but there are certainly some of those
Thank you for the nice review today!
#NowPlaying / Exploration Of Space (Spencer & Hill Remix) | The Synth Riff always gets me going
Hi. Cats.
hmm didn't know that. I smell revised manuals of style on the horizon. Which you may purchase on your
Day ruined bracket broke
Thanks! I need to hear that every now and then!
it's amazing. But i can't wait to come back to work... Ha yeah right!
about to go check out my good friends in the band Animal Mother play this free jazz show. >>>roxx cafe, calhoun street, 3 pm.<<<
Sitting on the couch, waiting for awesome stuff to happen. Yup!
I wish I was a senior :/
got me some braids in today... I am lovin my hair!!! Follow me.. I will follow back.. thanks
Un un un UN UN UN UN OH UN GIRL UN IT
Sometimes--SOMEtimes--it's fun to work in a neighborhood with a high-density crazy-person population.
oh they're the worst. some of them have a few of the default colors in them. like, hello - i'm not pay for that sheeeot.
That is extremely cool. All I got was a Supreme Court justice, and I sadly can't remember which one. Really.
not at all. Just she's from the soviet union and plays the piano
#SouthFlorida!! Trade show coming up? Need a new look for your company? #shirtguydirect visit us at www.shirtguydirect.com
If memphis played the heat as physical as the clips, half their team would have fouled out by the 3rd quarter.
hey lady! Happy vday! :)
The view from the observation deck of the Balcones Canyonlands NWR makes the hike worth it.
I can't believe this is the last week of classes
hahaha, weird that that's the first part of the description.
I hate to wait !
Our new shower head makes you feel like you have cum shots on your face!!
LaseResults SOLD OUT on Shop NBC...and we had a great time. Nurse Kim was a star!
Yesterday I was. xD
SO you sharing? lol
smh well u better go atleast to your senior prom thats a very important day for a girl
The #Canucks and Luongo are a laughing stock
Sounds promising, interesting. I would be open to a convo.
My advisor, on wanting to work in rural North Dakota: "You are an exceptionally open-minded young man. Stay that way forever."
Thanks! My last day is tomorrow. It's a bittersweet move. Thanks for your support!
But of course!
Hey, what's up bro? Have you seen any of the DVD's yet? I hope you have seen some of number one.
April/may wsop sounds amazing :(
you are a genius cause ur just like me an awesome genius
I recently have enjoyed wearing tank tops. The cut off reign has begun to shift.
im down for anything unc related....
I really don't want to be in this class right now!
Not Porter. I always thought he got a raw deal from the UK fans. Now, I'm just as surprised as with our fellow alumni.
Bitch I don't have a savings account I got a stash
No, lol, I didn't take it personally-I have no idea whose fucking guts he hates. You'd think he'd been pilloried.
where do you buy these magical bacon products? Are they good?
Yea I'm goin to sleep night twiggas,,
That's not a slip up. She believes Trayvon was murdered. Else, she wouldn't be charging him with murder.
"I really should not be having cookies for breakfast." Thoughts I have while eating cookies for breakfast.
go to the google search bar and type Zerg Rush.
I want to draw.
He either fears his fate too much, Or his deserts are small, Who dares not put it to the touch To gain or lose it all. - Marquis of Montrose
Stop At Never
what to do w/ truffle honey other than ice cream?
Good to be back in tha KC.
Beware: #UWM wifi is slower than normal.
We're so excited for tonight's edition of "Two Ships Passing" with David Heymann and his special guest Murray Legge! Art 1.110 @ 6:30!!
Audrey Ferrie, thank u so much for being a long time FF supporter. You've been instrumental and a beacon of fat positivity. Love you, Lady!
I think it's about patriarchy, Ma'am. I work with a lady who told me she spanked many a man & made it clear she was the Boss.
Thanks for the mention ... and the follow!
Could be a pitcher's duel.
I'm going to,as soon as I can get to Walmart lol Im starting to like Brandon too but I'm team cody! It's all so real to me
no ones is lol except Mexicans and rabbits
RT : Got my first TD finally...that was a great come back win by us overall. Thank yall for the team support.
Looking for a great business opportunity ? A Money Mizer Franchise does great in a good economy and does great in a bad economy.
"I thank you for being pro-active for the children in our community." from the Brown Deer Schools Outreach office. You are welcome.
All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle.
thanks for checking the song out!!
#orgfaves #NAPO2012 I love to learn about new organizing products!
Ditto. RT : All my productivity for the day is out the window thanks to #ogling. This is all your fault
Back from chi ~twn... I found some good finds shopping :-) And had an awesome time roaming the.town! Luvs that city!
Feature your mom in The City Insight for Mother's Day.... Email for more details.
Naw. It's a nice little piece. C'mon you know age ain't nuthin but a number.
2NiTe 6p-8p w/guests LevertII Should We "BRIBE" others with "SEX" using what we've GOT to get what we "WANT" call 626 657 2149
idc how much of an age difference we have if I ever met him I'd instantly kiss him
From God to Tim Tebow fans: If I work the way that you think I do, would I let Bill Belichek win anything. Or the Raiders? Um, OK, bad exam…
Congrats to ! unless its a rumor but whatever...lol
Between dentist and site redesign, I'm sure that will change.
and that post is crap, I truly understand the business of football.
Thanking for the intro to 's #ISeeNoise. Hope you're getting a cut of prints sold today, because you led me to buy two.
think homie name doc rivers lmao
Haven't been able to tweet.
Hilton Head
I wonder did do any kind of work today........smh lol
Hey, we need all the encouragement we can get, right, seester! :)
Good point. What do you think a department would need to do/change to really foster a "radical" #SApro?
Derby tonight! #yaaaaaay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
That's debatable but thank you.
Thank you & you're welcome!! :-)
Soon to be back in the 630 and I already never want to leave
i knoww and were having some good conversations:)
I have yet to visit that Alterra. It's always so packed.
so you have your own label? Or production company
Quite honestly, I HATE Joe Girardi yelling at the media when they "dare" call Chris Stewart CC's personal catcher. He's caught CC over the
Sweet!!!!! Have an amazing time and see you in a couple of weeks!!!!
I'd be happy to do a session or CMS showdown RT : Will you be attending #CMSX this year and represent
I would but I don't have ur number
By request, ball is rolling on a tequila event. It's going to be good. Stay tuned.
It just drives me away and I bet she doesn't even care to keep me now that she has me smh
ALOHA SUNDAY!!!
just reconnected w/ stud. way < gr lev when he started 6th gr; he had drug addicted mother; now masters in criminology!
chasing the sun on YES in love w
Wants to sleep, but can't...
Me too! #wearethe51percent RT : I'm team girl voice too!
That's what makes #Facebook so unique - people create their own cultures which in turn creates an even greater amazing culture firm wide.
I am officially over today! Ugh and I still have tomorrow and Saturday to deal with !
At Groves Pima Street location each home has a maximum of 10 residents with private or companion rooms.
Sadly, she completely abandoned them financially, physically and emotionally. Luckily, my kids no longer live in fear of her wrath
Sometimes I think if it wasn't for me you would still be here.
We'll just look for the yellow man running around!
so how is everyone today?
adding my season ticket dates to my google calendar at work feels... whew, awesome!
May 4th marks the 10 year anniversary of the first #AbolitionistProjects release. I'm feeling old den a mug
how many people are there....last time it was about 10?!
Stop Smoking. One cigarette alone delivers over 4,000 chemicals to your body.
-- You are correct, sir!
I love that song <3 (:
thanks for the shout out! come by and visit us anytime - we're around the corner from Stmptwn on Boylston.
Tonight's sell out show includes a story by Kevin Griffin Moreno. Music by Felicia Carter and Amy Shook begins @ 7; show @ 8.
You're welcome! =D I can't wait to see you!
Can someone message a massage?
Thatfinaldestinationmomentwhen your walking to class and a janitor lights a cig right next to a cage full of propane tanks
You are the only one person I want to be with for the rest of my life and grow old with. I love you my sweet heart.
is the steve martin of music. Dude is killin it!!
i compare myself with every girl i see.
#yobitv Glad to have the tweet box back working. #NerdHeartAttack averted. :D
Just put my baby bouncer together. Now im elevating my feet on pillows watching this movie on abc
Me too very excited!!!
Totes. If this were on facebook, we'd totes like that.
making up for last night
I was sitting in the back row. How was the Public Humanities toolbox? Digital Projects Showcase was mixed but generally good.
I got hoes , I got hoooooooes ! With different area codes (area) area codes (codes) HOES ! Lol. Ok I'm officially bored now o_O
Talkbiznow.com V2 now LIVE!! Revolutionizing small business with free business services.
can't say I'm disappointed. Now I actually care about LaMichael
oh you mean someone who lives 15 hours away?
the wife and I have been considering Caymans...you guys been?
Can't wait to see , and at One Night Only on Friday, May 4, 2012!
Thanks for following me! Good luck with the Fall show. Kisar
I received an Amazon Gift Card & purchased #YouAreMadeForMore Will be here next week. So looking forward to it!
You control ya own destiny.... n da shit so cliche but so damn tru "@ the same Damn time" what u put into something is what u get out of it
Evan Godphrey who used to work at peninsula told me you came down here and I was just wondering if you would come back.
thank you for the mention!
#schoolmemories walking into the middle school for the first time ever and thinking it was the biggest place in the world
#IThankGod go waking me up this morning!
• Ha ha. Probably shouldn't be tweeting about it. Unless you are promoting a company. Did I mention my design company?
Question who is #0 from the Lakers? Just did the 16 foot floater?
3 whole words and 8 letters left, and that would have worked on me yesterday.
I once heard something about sticks and stones, but it seems your living the dream
please tell me there is a full "Birthday Cake" coming. I want that cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake!
If you're wearing an ascot for any other reason than a Fred from Scooby Doo costume it's douchy.
name sharing is more clone- than twin-like. I see similar careers as evidence of the clone...
Today's stock tip: Invest in manufacturers of pitchforks, torches, tar and feathers.
I know lots! Get your ass here already!
Thank you 4 being the official cookie of the SMILErs are in 4 a treat!
I don't get paid for my opinion so take it what is worth..
Who on earth doesn't like you, ? Jerks, that's who. You're the besties.
Soccer time!
yea I got Wednesday and thursday i just don't think the autograph will stay that long cause I have to bathe and shit
hello, how's everyone doing today?
TA-ing a mix class this morning. Ben Obi is mixing a song someone re-mixed for Usher. Decent Re-mix, Timberlandish. Fun to watch others mix.
Anyone have experience using sitelinks or other extensions in Adwords for driving purchases? I am curious to hear case studies.
did you get your banners yet for your 2 locations? www.worldchampionfans.com
#WhenAustin starts the countdown till his next video uploads. :)
Just having a little pillow talk with twitter.
oh, Barbuzzo looks god! Yum! Maybe I'll see you around Chestnut street! Have fun!
#BBW #Evelyn you are making my head hurt...
You can -- just participate by adding a comment under the giveaway post on what you will do for yourself or others health wise!
No school for me
Up Early promoting and o yea no skool
I hate when people ask you "Have you met Austin?" and just so when I say no they can brag about how they've already met him.
Hey it's on this shit (:<
Applicant wants beer and wine license which he didn't need the past two decades but times are tough and Somali businesses are competition
WALK OFF!! Nice job man!!
Roy Oswalt, Raul Ibanez, Dominic Brown, Charlie Manuel all spotted walking around Pentagon City mall
Hi! We r Lil_Ziggs Graphic Apparel! We got #fun #clothes for #kids, #babies and all Lil Ziggs! Come follow us #mom!
Can I ___________ in the morning?
And a funny one… “(When I first started dating Luke), I didn’t even know there was an award called Mr. Basketball.” -
I'm pretty sure it's IRIX on an SGI machine.
My fuckin hair is dark blue.. I don't know how to feel about this.
LMAO, I agree with your analysis and I have said the same to him the last few years. He'll get over it...
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
i wanna go downtown and act like a tourist dat jus moved to chicago and ask some fine girls to take us around
Imagination led Franklin to discover electricity
Midway thru Arts & Humanities Month - put yourself in someone else's shoes!
The remake of 'Sparkle' in the works! What?! Sounds like more roles for black actors! Whoa!!
Landers: most of the residents on his block send their children to charter schools and not the zone school. Thoughts???
: I'd pay off my student loans, get an apartment, go to Europe, buy a TON of books, and give a donation to my hometown library!
What #summer festival in #Chicago are you most looking forward to right now?
thank you hun! Same to you & you do a good job takin care of zi
I'm a HUGE Bears fan. Praying for a good receiver! Would love a receiver like Crabtree!
that was my proudest moment...potential new hobby?
Congrats to on a successful first day Of Have a great week! //
shit you'll be eating atzimbas again before ya know it
More or less game like than #4E #dnd ? Or is it the same fight to fight adventure system as all #dnd games become
Thanks! U2 RT : Have a Great weekend and Happy Mothers day!
Join us Sept 27, Tuesday night and every Tue night at 6:30 for Live Trivia Fun with Brainstormer Pub Trivia. Great fprizes, good food!
Calm down, everyone -- despite the Twitter trend, Chris Brown did not die....
CAVS IV SOLD OUT!!
watching a couple eps of Breaking Bad after a weekend-long music-learning retreat in the woods
yes..in fact, our SLPs have even encouraged sign (along with speaking) for babies/children who don't have hearing loss.
Today: 2 hour boat ride to Koh Dach & dinner at One More Restaurant in Phnom Penh. Next: travel to Koh Kong for the mission!
G.M.N.I.: Duly noted. I'll respond to this accordingly.
I am all for post performance q&a but often I am too exhausted after powerful production to stick around
Lion King's on say what?!?!
paint a picture of the project.
I think the Adele CD was the perfect choice at the store this morning...
I deleted it now lol.
What is in your glass tonight as you tune into ?
You could set it up that way. I usually send it to the folder I have set up for that topic. I think what works for you.
Yay - looks like I made the mantel! :)
you should have played achilles in the Troy movie (: Looking better than Brad Pitt lol
Jeff Lewis with a nice run for a first down. He's got speed.
would notice.
Some freshman are so immature.
Awww thanks jazz dat made my day<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Dear , Please bring back spring. Thanks, The Populace of Colorado.
Sent out our Net Lease Listings for the month of March. If you'd like a copy of our comprehensive list, e-mail
Just chilling tonight posibbly work on some songs. what about you?
Are adults supposed to have this much fun with squiggle cutter craft scissors and stamps?
Me too.
Vodafone, Largo End Merger Talks - Wall Street Journal
Are you a coffee drinker? If you haven't tried one of our brewed to order Cappuccino, Latte or Mocha, then do so today!
Yeah but you gotta have someone to snuggle with. My dog is curling up with me
HEy guys it's Emma from Emmandabb :D Follow!
Thank you, I am followoing you.
and I really like how he has tied in characters from many of his other books!
Waiting, waiting, waiting to get that all important message that has arrived in France. She may be 23, but she's still my baby.
Beyond the Nazi fetish, here's a thought: Y not take said "panzer" out 4 a spin past a cop?
Hold your breath before this wave crashes over you
Later ABQ!! Going home for the weekend. :)
DISCO INFERNO
Boehner looks more red to me. Should I adjust my TV?
Time for Nuggets pull closing curtain on the (not Lake show). Hope it's going to be a mile high night.
Finished my 33 1/3 laps today you caught up yet
Haha hell yeah. I have a football scrimmage tomorrow :/ but it'll be good too
haha it was a classic mixup. I thought she had left for work you see.
hey guess what(:
Police investigating death of man found lying naked in the doorway of his National City apt. Man suffered multiple wounds to upper chest.
But hey that's what I've got the worlds best big sister for :) I'll just have her run in and get it for me.
I am not a fan of them.:(
Great day! Lots of family togetherness! Life is great:)
Winter Skal, Capital Brewery, Middleton: Gold!, American-style amber lager (40). Congrats to Kirby and everyone at Great beer.
She's been Kiki her whole life... RT : KDunst, KD, or Dunst? Need a new name for her so people don't confuse Kirsten for Kristen.
My brute-force Perl program was 772 lines. Refactored version is 407 lines, thanks to magic of data references and anonymous storage. Woot!
Right on Helen!! Talking books with one customer usually distracts me from ringing up another!
Sorry, I meant vein. You knope how auto-correct falls me when I tie on my ipod.
I don't like this feeling:/
I've had you so many times but somehow I want more!
ESPN earned 2.6 overnight for U.S. women's dramatic World Cup win over Brazil. Very strong for WWC
think more avant garde hip hop
Headed to the school house
i like making up names for playlist. currently: "if i had a convertible these are the songs i would play May-August only with the top down"
shot of tequila to end my 5 hour energy fueled monday. dont worry im walking cause my caddys tranny is crapping out
Hi Helen, thank you! Yes, I'm in San Diego and loving it. Hope you are doing well!
CLUCK CLUCK CLUCK
Just rec'd email from a friend titled "How to be a gracious b*^#@". Now why do you think she sent it to me? Hm....
I hear ya. I was going to offer to take you out if you really weren't doing anything. That is just not ok.
what about white people that don't give a rat's ass about either one but can name at least 5 members of the Wu Tang Clan?
miss you too
Thank you everyone for following me and let me following! it`s great friendship, have a great weekend! ~NATHAN~
Rhapsody is a rip, why pay $9.99 a month plus $1.29 per songs when you can have iTunes?
#schoolmemories All The Fights :)
Worked all day again for Oldham County Tourism. Will also be interviewing Jean Schumm of Operation Parent in 3 weeks. Exciting stuff!
I'm about to go put my head in a book or something!
I know! I'm dying of jealousy.
Gimme my bed!
P. sanders is just amazing . Its unbelievable.
#Nosh will be closed for #Passover from April 6-15. We will open up with normal hours of operation on Monday April 16 Chag Pesach Sameach!
Please spread this around to as many people as you can! We have to get word out about OWS and what it stands for!
Yeah don't, life's too short.
You will never see a hot guy dating a normal girl, but you actually can see hot girls dating normal guys.
We'll be tabling the Victoria Anarchist Bookfair, Sept 10-11th in BC Canada, unceded coast salish territory. Comes say hello!
Shin splints suck! Does anybody know how to get rid of them?
That's great! Shout out right back to you from Panama City, FL
Is that if you're a gold star member? I always take my own cup & they only give me 10% off. Strange...
About to go to sleep. Who's playing ?
I should've changed my number. smdh
more stripped down than the performance last night is what I meant
- My inbox is nothing compared to
My meniscus keeps bothering me! Trying to avoid surgery!
“: His Flowered Hawaiian Button down though <<<<”
Can't wait till the 2012 SUMMER OLYMPICS!
Spencer and I have nice walks
This year has had its ups and down with me but all I can say through it all it has made me a stronger person and I wouldn't change it
I hate how my body asks for more sleep when it freaken knows there's school
Thank you darling...I can flow with my inner supermodel from time to time, lol
Director candidates coming soon. Syllabus changes imminent.
Final episode of GK today!!! Go watch!!!
How have I not seen #Footloose? Kevin Bacon, I am impressed! This is making me want to see the new one too.
I was just retaliating. lol
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows. -Buddha
Just wrapped "Democracy at Work." Such a fun set and a fun character! Can't wait for you all to see it!
Random question: does anyone know where I could purchase mulberries?
Jazz Workshop today at JALC- NYC...Great band - big fun..
Berkeley , imma be home in charlack later ! Why wspp
Loved the blog post. Glad you liked what we did!
hahaha of course! The finale was just a disappointment it doesn't excite me for next season
Clif is being so mean to me.
#winstonsalem City Council chambers packed tonight, as the council debates a resolution opposing
Wow. I am liking the new #Gmail interface! Widgets I never used, never knew were there, are popping up and they're *helpful*! Wow!
currently playing call me maybe in BUAD 259. COME AT ME.
hahaha. Your cool.
Donors can become investors. Heifer's got lots of celebrity supporters, but they're not being leveraged.
Yes sir indeed, classic! definitely forgot to invite me if your making #banana pancakes
thanks for the follow. Love your background with
just another Thursday in the office!
Lol for sure. If you could pick who was on the lineup who would you want
Next #OOMF tht tweets about haters as motivation for success is getting unfollowed..
this keynote room is like a freezer. off to search for a winter jacket...
I CALL DIBS ON CODY!! ;D
We’re offering an exclusive wine this month selected by Master Sommelier, Alpana Singh. Come for dinner and a glass of 2009 White Orchard...
I'm back long time I haven't been on here
because ur black:D
All I want in life is to be a gracious unicorn.
i pray for you all the time ok! but she asked me to specifically pray for her for the test :p lol
Beautiful picture.
they're always nice in a mean way!
Of course he did. We'll see a lot more of that in '13 MT : Romney shook off LA loss by going 2 Hunger Games @ Cinepolis Del Mar
Good talk so far. You could mention a few of the things that happened this week and have folks mad.
Ernie all the way he knows why's buttons to push on Bert.
University of the Free State the First Library in South Africa to Select Serials Solutions Summon™ Service and 360 Link!...
We are heading over to right now. Where are you boating this summer?
2) Be passionate. - Donald Trump’s 10 rules of success. Rule #3 coming in 4 hours.
If I told you to kill ur self cuz no one likes you and no one ever will. Will u do it???
your annoying me stop it.
“: A lot of people can rap .... But only some can make good records”
Its been a very GRAND day!!!
I'm in a mom and pop music stores shopping for Vinyl and CD's, vintage, current etc. Buying music this way is disappearing. :(
Who are you right now? Lol
When you break up w/ your bf & they look really cute the next day ..
With a Flashlight and something called internet. Im no stalker
YOU HAVE A GIRLFRIEND YOU KNOW.
so add the 2 turn overs..he doesn't score as much, rebounds the same, turns over the same, and passes the same.
Whats the hold up, get on some Skyrim, game is A-mazing.
you could have asked me but you didn't so don't find fault
I'm sure it's b/c the question input is set to "Website" I was a little worried about that. . .
I need new friends. :c
is thinking through a client proposal for an online community that fosters usage of new product features and incentivizes advocacy
you're random.
u look good in a uniform man
And the other 25%?
Smh when niggas bored they just start naming fine women.
I just read through a 15 year old girl's Formspring page and I could just sit down and weep. Parents please watch my story. 9 pm on Fox 9.
that's awful! I own all of the seasons. Come watch them with me!
Lincoln: "I attempt no compliment to my own sagacity. I claim not to have controlled events, but confess . . that events have controlled me"
I've had to restrain myself many times in my life from revealing TOO much scientific knowledge.
4 MORE DAYS TILL HAWAII!!! :D
Just booked a hotel for our scout trip coming up in May. One step closer to the big day!
#chefscon Meeting with about presenting on sustainable seafood at the conference.
Girls are such a drag
My son needs a rock climbing wall. I'm absolutely certain he's destined to be a champion climber.
If anyone wants some free tickets to this Saturday's Maryland Craft Beer Festival up in Frederick hit me up!
so am I
happy mothers day!
But it's basketball, so does it really count? RT : OKC vs. Dallas might be the most competitive four game sweep in the history of..
Hahahahaha! My phone is RINGING.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
I hope all the dads out there have a wonderful day tomorrow!
Staying on bed all day.
"I love the gap between your teeth, I love the riddles that you speak.." <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
miss you too bebzz. We need a cute waiter this time.
Everything Pixar touches is pure gold (minus the Cars series). Expect me to make a trip opening weekend to see Brave.
#BackInElementarySchool I used to say I wish we had no teachers then we could do whatever we wanted
"if you don't risk anything, then you risk even more"
Bout to go to lunch with mi madre :))
Someone needs to count up all of the layups players have missed during the #NCAA tournament JUST because they used the wrong hand to finish!
So many people didn't wake up this morning but I did. Thank you lord. I'm grateful.
U ask about what I've done in life then afterward I'm now the cockiest guy in the school
Did you know our Process Servers are Supreme Court Certified? Check us out online at www.lonestardeliveryonline.com or call us 877-527-5737
Oops! try either ShowMeApp.com or twitter.com/showmeapp.
Its presentation prep time with the crew :)
Thanks to everyone for coming out tonight! Kansas City is an amazing soccer town!
lol, got my second fit test tomorrow!
Where is Austin moving to?
i will
What's wrong?
Why #42? To celebrate Mo Vaughn.
Say the words, Carrow and I let you live. *throws a lightning bolt at your ass* Say em.
Antonio Banderas! Maybe but I'd throw a bone to Michael Crichton's Eaters of the Dead and go Wake Up Dead
Happy Monday Twitter friends!
"Who parted?" - one of Moses's followers
i think your amazing.
I still get meaning & validation from jumping out of a swing set.
HAHAA whatever man. Yo ass better be grateful I even took ur ass to get food.
I would also have accepted "Words With Frenemies."
Hey Hope ur having an amazing day of learning.
Talent show auditions today!!!!(: Wish me luckk!!!(:
please help. The invite did not work for me:(
watching All the Right Moves - and John Locke (Terry O'Quinn) from Lost is one of the college coaches recruiting Tom Cruise - 27 years ago..
same. all the good bands are breaking up lately.
we're not really a defined style. We make what we like. Our site will be up in a few days. Come check it out, you'll like it!
Heartbreak Kid came on after Hot Fuzz (which we LOVE!). Half way through I remembered how much I hate Heartbreak Kid. What a miserable movie
You don't know a thing about me! So don't judge me!!!!
She ate a dog cookie? Was it one of those ones shaped like a pretzel? Or a cookie, maybe?
#ItsNotARealRelationshipUntil you put a ring on it
New artists signed to Trill Talk Ent, and
I blame that darn sasquatch
Why do ppl feel the need to pick their nose in the car? As if they're in an opaque secret bubble.
Chrome is fantastic! Although we use Firefox here, too.
Mysticism is going through hell & the pains of near death to spiritually experience the heavenly healing power of God right here & now.
So how is Harrington doing, people who know technical things? #SportingKC another yellow to Kei now. How many does this make?
When comes on shuffle you don't change it
he is not here ! Had to reschedule !!
delivered Christmas gifts for the last time at work...tomorrow is the work party!
RT What happens when we ask WHY the system is broken? Jaggers on oppositional #DevED forces:
Got it!
I love knowing that me and are snuggled up in our beds playing eachother in phone games <3
We would like to thank everyone who came out to DREAMing for Tomorrow! A special thanks to Laura Vazquez from NCLR! :)
Rosenburg detects backgrounding of data and database in DH work at UVA, foregrounding of the idea of the archive
TONIGHT - Saturday Night Sessions - Cinco de Mayo Party with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Playing Albuquerque's Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music!
I might just leave school to focus on temple runner what do u think
GREAT WORD!
11:11 i wish for to RT this or for him to tweet me a goodnight <3
that's wht I'm talking about! Love and they have #dope clothing! Check em out & Don't forget to follow the boss !
#QTT RT Watching Goodfellas and napping until 's bday celebration tonight. Happy birthday big guy!
We can next weekend :)
oh gosh!
You get our satisfaction guarantee with every purchase.
it just means your popular! And that's awesome that more people then your cousins are taking an interest lol
RT : You want to be able to start your small business w/o the hassle from sloppy govt workers? Get out and Vote Tommorrow
A very full, very small jet, with not so very small people=a great test to see if you have the fruit of the Spirit or not-in testing now.
I just dm'ed you
My patience with several people is completely gone.
I #WantAnR8 to make drives to the coffee shop longer and more interesting.
omg omg omg. college fb week is finally here! #goblue!
haha oh it's okay :)
Shout out to all my new followers...Welcome to the world of Diamonds
Why is everyone talking about #RepWeiner? Everyone has done something they are not proud of, who are they to judge anyone? GROW UP AMERICA!
You know what I actually gained some respect for Steve Blake since he reps Miami
S/O to for being up with me n keeping me entertain with her scared self :P
(AP) -- GOP lawmaker: 3 more Secret Service employees forced out, 2 cleared in prostitution scandal
Do any designers need a buyer to find industrial antiques for their clients in the bay area?
Thanks for the #FF West! Have a great weekend.
": Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination and life to everything."
Who is coming to our first show back with My Ticket Home and Visions?!
#Tea is not just popular with our British friends across the pond. 5 out of 6 North Americans enjoy drinking tea.
merry Christmas loves!
I like seriously can't stop typing. I love it. Idek why it just feels cool to be able to type nonstop because you know where all the keys r
I've been trying out all night and I'm addicted. That's it. New #EMchat platform for Thursday nights!
Feels like a # Humpday
Would like to thank all of my new followers for following me :) I'll do my best to follow you all back in the next day or two!
Sit tight, I'll be tweeting the link in the next 24 hours and will give it away on Friday! Watch for details :)
Be sure to hunt down at #idea10 and thank them for sponsoring us again this year.
Getting ready for another interview with about challenges of raising self esteem in tough times
Bout to hit up practice . I love baseball man
We get out of school early for birthday.
that's all truth!
I forgot to use one of my Group On deals, it expired! Has anyone ever done this?
That awkward moment when your mouth makes a really funny noise by accident and people assume you’ve farted
"The soil says, "Don't bring me your need. Bring me your Seed" --Jim Rohn... Happy Planting***
I need a steak hoagie in my life. I'm so greeedyyyy
I miss Eric Stults, you guys.
What's up Terry, now we meet on twitter...
nice meeting you. Looking forward to your set tonight
my bieber poster just fell and i screamed omg it was so quiet then BOOM aha.
#Anger is....The Seed For Change..
volunteering today. C:
I'm so jealous. I want one of those. \ :
And a big ol Sunday afternoon shoutout to !
So happy to be with and taking about brain drain and the #creativeclass in
Had a great meeting today for a new charity concert series that I am going to help produce... This is going to be amazing! More soon!
Omg. Mark needs to stop .
no but when they go on sale I Will be at school!!D:
Awesome! Thank you! Send me a link when you start one! :D
The heat is making me grouchy.
remind me again why yall suck???
my office hours have suddenly started to begin at 7 a.m.
Morning! What's the good word?
hahaha, I'm going to go watch Bart's prank calls now.
. : In preserving computer games it's hard to identify boundary of objects being preserved. Lots of software dependencies
glad you like it! that collection is really good!!! So excited to share it :) Enjoy your day ;)
i guess steeling is a bit harsh...
I can push till there's no more pushing. Raw.
Did you know? Energizing foods are rich in complex carbs, protein, antioxidants, fiber, vitamins & minerals.
We do roof/hurricane inspections, 4 point inspections, and real-estate inspections also. 305-232-3344. Starting at 50.00
Time with my bestie is golden
cough I need a cold shower
What's today? What's today, you say? The day the fools come out to play? Oh right, so here in my warm bed I'll stay.
- Larry Merchant won't do the interview. Part of 's contract with HBO. It will be Max Kellerman.
How are you. Thought of Art at ServQuest today & that brought you to mind. Hope things are going well. Keep in touch.
shoot you got me! It was still really good!
It's never too early to take notes on how I DON'T want my kids to act, right? Almost had to knock some parents out this morning at Shipley's
be sure to check out our friends
I am a bit biased on this one, she is my favorite character...
Check out some of our partner sites. www.Kickcartel.com and www.DeadProps.com
Who's going to Texas In July this Sunday at Skully's? Presale tickets available at www.collaterallive.com!
. Very cool. I'd love to tour the building, but hope I never have a reason to be there.
American Jobs Act will spend $2.8 B for K-12 school infrastructure in CA and create 36,600 jobs; + $1.1 B will modernize comm. colleges
Lol RT : did you know that you can save a bunch of money on your car insurance by fleeing the scene?
word. you better get an awesome freaking mother's day gift out of it too!
To his dog, every man is Napoleon; hence the constant popularity of dogs. ~Aldous Huxley
what took ya so long to find us? ;) RT coming. Good luck.
“: What's up with the talk of snow Monday??” ready to bundle up!
Not until things are dealt with.
": RT IF YOU HAVE HATERS (( FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK ))" #TEAMFOLLOWBACK follow back!!
Best Advisor ever!
and if you did not know what Skinamax is, its porn.
yes i am buddy ... live and present
Sorry Ben just saw your tweet now. Did you make it out of the storm?
Oye. Just read this tweet. "Today I learned that the Kentucky Derby is only about 90 seconds long and not like a NASCAR race."
Thanks Matt! You're voice made a huge difference today.
We tired as hell.
Yep, more photos clues soon :)
Hurry please!
thanx for buying my Album online & requesting CD as well.
go get it for me the baby wants sum
it's gone rain on yo head ...
Is Ma & Pa Station that right below the bridge? Where the Streetcar Museum is?
& I look forward to seeing all of y'all!
We're handing out some very unique awards to the employees. Any suggestions for some random awards we can throw in?
r/aww wasn't impressed with my Carbon a while back. My karma machine might be defective, do you think I can take him back?
Crapy days like this just really make me want summer.
Holy fog Batman
I won't ever hate you; but I sure as hell can't ever love you again.
I just realized that I have the same question. Where are MY night nachos? ;) #hungry RT : Where are my night nachos!?
"Oh yeah ooh aah. That's how it always starts. But, then later, there's running and then ..... screaming." - Ian Malcolm. Lost World.
Thx to & for sharing my Pinterest & photo articles with your followers!
Colima Linda Apartment homes are only 9.0 miles to the San Diego Convention Center :)
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that's just like them just not as good looking
Twizzlers or red vines?
- I've never used anything other than Angostura before... I'm really glad I met you Warren.
Thanks for the awesome review of our treats! Look out for our new Grain-Free product line which will be available in May!
Logan's Run redux
I didnt like it either
Huh. That would have been cool - I actually had to get the poof-to-eye twice cuz they forgot to tell me to take out contacts.
Spoken like a true man.
WHAT WHY DID I NOT HEAR ABOUT THIS?! You best fill me in after
Haha, no worries!
To the biker gang parked in front of Starbucks cranking Rush's '2112': you win the night.
Acoustic music from the heart or a power ballad that lifts you up - which would YOU vote for? Tkts still available!! 3234628460
#BlackBoyRadio- album is jammin at work. Nice album
It's good to finally see an anti-Romney attack ad coming from Obama. KEEP THE PRESSURE ON!!
would buy one. RT : Has anyone made a "Scruggs not Druggs" t-shirt yet?
No disrespect to my Chanel purses, but confidence is the sexiest accessory you can own.
I thought the original Bowles/Simpson plan was quite good. Couldn't figure out why the administration or the GOP nixed it.
This RT : I'm sorry, on the scale of annoying players, Nyjer Morgan has *nothing* on Crys Crypenter.
<U+3069><U+3046><U+3044><U+305F><U+3057><U+307E><U+3057><U+3066> and thank you for listening! We hope we'll be out your way, soon.
Got a new i-fone....amazing
RT “: "Short & sweet = power of the re-tweet!" ~ #quote #quotes #SQN”
Didn't wanna give in, so we both gave up.
or AMAZING? Imagine the hilarity of Simon Cowell and maybe Skrillex as guest judge talking about DJ skills…
OMG really? Congrats! You're going to be the cutest mom! cc
I'm simple: squats, deadlifts, rows, pullups, foam rolling, mobility drills, fish oil, lean protein & veggies. Works!!
Happy to answer any and all questions about Lotta good stuff to tell. Lemme kno.
it breaks my heart to see a homeless person ..all this money the government got for war but not for the poor.
"Sleep, those little slices of death; Oh how I loathe them." ~ Edgar Allan Poe
Tom Selleck is 67 years old.
Why prevention? Career criminals cost society $65k by age 12; $250k by 14; $6million lifetime.
did we have to go to english today?
14 weeks to the Womens World Cup - who will take the title of World Champions?
good :) drive careful on your way back :P
Here's what they think about ya...
thank you sir!!!!
Shout-out to all my fabulous followers #PinkKisses :-)
haha that cool :D
Shooting in a pumkin patch...love making memories with
watch out for that yellow-5! haha
dang sorry to everyone who got the lame links
Welcome its true;+)
Seattle is ranked as the #1 hipster city in the U.S. - Sorry Atlanta and New York
You're ready team! Shine! RT : Exciting time for this week to showcase how we serve our #students and
Niggas Is Bitches They'll Snitch Get You A 100 Years A Small Circle No New Niggas I Aint Switching Gears
Crazy dreams...
The comment field on their first episode is scathing to say the least
and Like the StreetKing Facebook page
I'm playing guitar does that count?
Apparently my Twitter birthday was on Tuesday - I've had my account for three years now. Thanks, , for letting me know!
Josh= Beast!!!
#bandsilove hawthorne heights, a day to remember, limp bizkit
United States Army drill team <3
I couldn't have asked for a more beautiful day. Definitely paying Central Park a visit.
Keep your eye out for X-Flight video!
Cam Newton claims he told Miss St. "he is taking his talents to Auburn", come on, I doubt he used that wording or did Lebron steal his line?
LOL! Me too!
I guess Peyton Manning/Tom Brady money just isnt good enough for Drew Brees
ISO: VIP tickets to the Big Tap In #bigtapin Will pay $$$ (face value only please)
Noonish In The Garden Of Good And Evil
How does everyone keep up with all their fav bloggers? Tell me how!
just someone trying to scam me on craigslist.. but I'm not stupid :p
Gotta say....I heart Ibaka
Thanks, Mark!
Nothing more delicious then slightly expired milk. I prefer "seasoned" to "expired" anyway. "Sell by" doesn't mean "drink by".
Did you see Justin's new tatoo? ( i think it a tatoo?) :)
dude..can you hand me that pen?
Never Say Titties
I look very happy for the Lakers in this photo. Hope you're having fun at Open Video!
All good things are wild and free...
Go kitty! Go!
I always take a nap and after it I wake up feeling horrible.
Looking forward to your tweets ;-)
Easter Brunch at The Tavern—Lowry, Tech Center, Wash Park and Littleton! All you can eat buffet featuring ham, roasted lamb, smoked...
When a man steals your wife there is no better revenge than to let him keep her. ~ Sacha Guitry
I thought you'd never ask!
Er...soon...very soon...bad coach, bad coach...
like ugh my emotions THEY CAN'T DO THIS TO US.
if came to seattle, i would run to ’s house and drag her with me to find them.
Be sure to stop at lost leaf tonight!! Great vibe, great beer and wine selection for all yall!!! THE REWIND!!!
Chi town what's good
Tweeting from Not in My Library! Self-censorship rm150b
What up Jemi? Amin from the ASCAP EXPO listened to the CD and liked what I heard. Let me know what's going on on your side!
You asked 4 it, OK not u but that guy in accounting. All of #Sketch22 Number 8 being uploaded to
happy birthday!
Why do things get instantly better when "Call Me Maybe" comes on?
#Np - Thelonius feat. Slum Village "studied this rap shit no need to mic test"
<~ waving Did you sleep well? ;)
Too many people will believe anything they say.
Laundry done packing almost Buffalo just hours away...Happiness is coming home monday!
gah! my browser is getting eaten alive!
are you flying?
Thanks!! RT : Netflix has just licensed for two years, to use in retail stores and online!
I'm really tempted to go make car look like a sushi roll.
Hey del how Your day today is ugly down here raining all day I hope you have a great day
you're welcome haha :) how're you doing?
“You know you're in #love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your #dreams.” <U+2015> Dr. Seuss
RT : read with your child Tips for inspiring young readers: By (ARA) (ARA) - It's never too early - or too late - to ......
My third grade student mom decided she wants tutoring continued. The Star test is over so I can actually teach!
I Hate That I Love Him & I Wish He Was Average >>
It's not being a traitor when it benefits u wayy more. Obv ur gonna switch
Dense fog advisory for Walworth, Jefferson & Dodge Co. in SE WI until 10pm this am. Vis=zero now in Jefferson
Yo are too kind! Thank you so much for coming. Always love seeing your face!
#FollowMe 2learn about singing group that toured w/ #Prince and is releasing their newest album on Jan. 10, 2011.
After what happened last game, I have no faith in the Pacers holding this lead
go to bed!
lmao u kno niyah bad anyways... N all she do is pick wit u every time u come around
because i need more follers and im jelous
Thank God for
Thanks, man. Wish I lived closer to Ann Arbor so I could audit your class.
I am so over making other people do their jobs today. Way over covering for them when they don't.
The congratulates all the 2012 graduates! Welcome to the world of the alumni.
Great souls have wills; feeble ones have only wishes.
FOLLOW FOR AN EXTRA FOLLOWER :)
$50 closer to our $400 goal by Feb 16; help make it happen! indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
i'm sending you a fb invite right now for something, hope you can make it! it involves Karaoke :)
at least it wasn't some random creepy guy. (or was he?)
Go Navy, beat Army!!!
there is a Walmart a few miles down the road, I don't think it's needed
I got my mom an 'i love you' Teddy and she said she loved it(: omg she never says that! :D
we should jam! Half kidding but me too on all that and the self-taught stuff. #selfcare for me as well
Hang in there! You can do it!
come in this Wednesday for our final round of Trivia!
The employer generally gets the employees he deserves
Ugh, fuck it, I'm going out.
Can't wait for 's performance on SNL tonight!
Busy busy!!!
To be honest, Miley and Selena doesn't care about their fans so much, i mean they don't RT or Follow their fans at all not like the JuJu.
Had I been around when Dick Van Dyke was young, I'd have married that man. Weird faces and all. #lovethatman!
": It's official I'm old I don't get Nicki Minaj. Where is MC Lyte? The real female MC's" - I said the same thing
Ridin' round wit that nina !
Happy #KentuckyOaks Day!
New Detroitexploitation Cinema: 5/16/2012 in the Afternoon. Later On, Baby.
Check out this video for Megan Stielstra's new book, Everyone Remain Calm. See Megan at the Grad Reading/Open Mic on 3/19...
Okay you better! Wear your shirt on Friday when I get back ;D We gon' fangirl scream.
I write to come to an understanding with myself.
I'm excited for the tour diary..their behind the scenes stuff is always entertaining : )
Hey Tye! Hopefully you get some awakeness going.
A: Don't preserve yourself. Let go of the ultimate addiction: me, that which belongs to or is of import to me.
in my opinion, Wah Kee. But I prefer a specific type of pad thai (more Northern Thai).
Nah I don't have an NBA team. I just like sports ya know.
We really enjoyed Napa today along with meeting new friends and sampling fine wine. Thank you again...you're the best!
11 seems so far away
Spent part of my day contributing new dating and usage evidence of a word to the OED.
": !we coming to pop some bottles!".....Imma need a Peach Ciroc bottle on TCLASS
Secrets secrets are no fun unless you are a part of one!!!!
On my way to Innovation Advisors in Kansas City, stuck on the runway at ORD in a thunderstrom!
Raise your hand if u thought Chandler Parsons was gonna be as good as he's been this season.... Yeah, me neither.
4600th goes to :D miss u grl my tweet stalker lol & cuz of ur stank attitude :p
All jira. All the time. It's a non-stop requirements writing party in Ipswich!
Bullshit absences RT “: Getting things done for the community tonight with Absent: and ”
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
One more flick to DVR, CHLOE! Atom Egoyan's middling remake is still worth a look. 9pm (ET) on Starz.
I woke up this morning and just had tons of energy. I think God is trying to tell me something. Still not giving up on myself. Ever. (:
I just wanna go home.. Eat watermelon.. And watch futurama..
should I add Trevor Booker and drop either Al Harrington or Josh Howard? Is Booker going to stick in the rotation?
another morning at the calm before a storm consisting of thunderous "laptop" "laptop"...."LAPTOP!!!!!!"
Its Worth the drive to come survive the fearsome five!! 2011=FEAR so many supirises and changes awaiting you!!
hello Pope! Miss seeing you around ;)
could not agree more
Come down to Central, Santa Monica & check out Austin Brown performing w the #BackpackKids 2nite. We know it will be special
LoL that's what she said...
RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Rick Perry to Make Clear That He Intends to Run for President
Jammin out to brings back so many memmories :)
I eat these cinci bitches no fork no spoon :-P
please follow me :(
We have heard lots of great music! We cant thank musicians enough!
show Cody and it's true I do dream bout him
he had bedbugs, so they kicked him out. Maybe it is the uu in me that objects to the militant screeds...
not so sure 2 papers is the way to go. Been making revisions to both in my head all day. Too late.
Hey Emma, I have virtual offices in NYC. Let me know if you are looking :)
Need a tech director interested in the Bay Aream great opportunity w/ equity
Britney Is Beautiful -- RT if you agree.
Hello world.
just left. Going to subway #fatgirlprobz (; hahahah had to do it
And it made me famous! RT : A2: Absolutely yes. It has been a worldwide success for us.
Had Lebanese wine for the first time tonight.
Yes He's the the Same God but it's a NEW covenant! New means NEW not revised, refurbished or good AS new.
ik I told my mom tht! She's says u have no future with him u shod date a Godly man and He is just a figment of ur imagination
U know u'r @ home when u'r visiting w/ a friend or relative & u don't want 2 leave! <3 ya sis!
Ha! Thanks again for the invitation. Come visit Argyle in Durham! We'll have lunch at Rue Cler.
Minnesota State Fair, but that probably doesn't help you. (But they are delicious!)
in rehearsals for an awesome new show called "Messed Up Here Tonight"
i created a sales page and everyone can follow it
sorry im a whore
SAT is over... Hope i did well despite my sickness :/
Girl: take off the condom, boy: why? Girl: YOLO, Boy: ok but if u get pregnant YOYO Girl: whts tht suppose 2 mean, Boy: your on your own
Going to sleep
Bored and horny! Horny and bored! Got it?
niggas like to gossip like bitches, got me thinking you don't like bitches .
Thy mercy, O LORD, is in the heavens; and thy faithfulness reacheth unto the clouds. Psalm 36:5
Did you know that Osama Bin Laden said in writing that was his favorite news network and he loved Keith Olbermann? Yeah.
BBC - Science and Islam, Part-B, The Empire of Reason
Catching OK-to-Portland transplants at PDX party. It's been too long, boys. Sounds great.
Currently full on life... And enjoying every moment of it..
Anyone who gets 2 Train Thur @ the California Train Museum in Old Sac & show us their ticket will get free kids scoop when u get a reg scoop
The Championship merchandise has arrived! Stop by in-store to get your hands on this awesome gear!
Yes, I've been GONE FOREVER! Sorry working on ATCON Issue
One of the 1st FDOT projects I worked on was in Seminole Heights. Documented a great stone bungalow that was torn down.
I think you should add a whooping crane kick into your class on Tues. cc:
college-aged girl in gas station line buying huge coffee & a slimjim. Her Easter experience must have differed greatly from mine.
Extra innings dudes. We're in for a doozy !
When my teacher ignores me <<< -.-
Definitely not going to the WESTEST assembly.
It's a beautiful day at Links of Lake Bernadette. Did you know you can come play 9 holes after 5:00 for only $10? The course looks GREAT!!!
If someone is worth your tear, they wouldn't have made you cry in the first place.
When did it become 10 o'clock?
Glad I hit that Exacta on the last race.
gave ya shout out during panel preso w/ twestival example of online campaign. Just FYI :) -CV
Guys Go Follow >>> She Follows Back <U+2665> Follow her <U+2665> She Is So Sweet And Nice <U+2665>
That subway sandwich was good as fuck. Can't wait till tomorrow!
Omgg. I got a pillow pet! :D
This weekend, tracks from my album, "Sentimental Swing" were broadcast on WVCR 88.3 FM. Aloha Albany, Troy and Schentedy NY!!
Live band at this party, dope af !!!!!
woah nice background
Oh. Okay. I'm still spend my $10 on it.
'He's selling magic, everyone else is selling technology' J. Sculley Simple. Beautiful. Special.
Take a hot shower, put on my favorite lotion, and drink banana milk. Love it. LOVE it.
Back from Shanghai and Beijing. Loved the trip although my Mandarin needs A LOT of work.
One of the magic words that we use a lot to open both of us to listening more deeply and lovingly to each other is this phrase
": If you can go back in time, who would you fuck? Me, I would fuck Marilyn Monroe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>"<<<probably the mom from Happy Days
Wrong Greene..this is Linda Greene
OWN THE NIGHT 4EVER SELENA U OWN MY NIGHT :d
“: Love flying BOS to SFO, each leg of the flight” Thx ricew Enjoy SF. We love you too!
It's on air...recorded message that says "text now" and gives a word and number that you have to text to. -Billy
yeah man!
i see this got old qquick
I called yo ass 3 times today!“: where the f is my sister. I am my sisters keeper”
I hope that when I die, people say about me, 'Boy, that guy sure owed me a lot of money.' Jack Handey (1949 - ), Deep Thoughts
"Action is the foundational key to all success." - Pablo Picasso.
avocados are fruit? I THOUGHT THEY WERE VEGTABLES
Opening Day!!!! Let's go Brewers!!
I feel like I have been sleeping all weekend. I dunno why I'm soo tired. Maybe the heat smh lol
Ok - #glee was awesome... How can they top that next week?
I'm in love with my mickey party <3.<3
Ignorance is hopeless. Education is priceless. Choose education.
Text me first, or we wont be talking.
Hey, are you also in jms 375 class?
Quick to say I love you, but how do they treat u?.
has made my day..... Again :) <3 me and my cuzzin r refusing to follow the rules of life TAKE THAT SOCIETY! ;)
I might as well do some work for my folio seeing as all class tomorrow I'm gonna be studying for my sac.
its on!
Chris Perez = Joe Borowski. Gets it done regardless.
The truth hurts sometimes,,,I guess thats why we often avoid it....
tears of joy only!
Do you have any HU football pics? Share, post them and tag us!
IM TELLING MY mom to get your book cant wait to read all about it <3 your fans
cuddle time forsure
I usually enjoy all 90 minutes. This time I went a bit too deep.
Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin he built with his own two hands!
Friday! Friday! Friday! #yes Going H.A.M.
It's Easter and my family has now moved on to discuss literature...like Great Expectations. :)
a baseball teammate
Beautiful morning in the neighborhood...back to listening to audtions you guys have sent us keep em comin !
Tune in now to Vaming radio with guest Assemblymember Roger Dickinson.
The heart-breaking moment when you think the waitress is bringing your food but then she walks straight past you. :-/
wait, what were you guys saying about me?
yea its his fault for thinking this still wades team
Great Car show in Gaslamp this weekend - #GaslampCarShow. Come say Hi. #thingsthatmakeyougoVROOM!
Had a blast opening for Slugabed last night. thx Base6*gallery! :)
Miss the early 2000's best MUSIC
One good thing about Alzheimer's is you meet new people every day.
News View on TV starts at 9:00 PM tonight, on UPTV 6 on Comcast, 99 on AT&T.
is this my fairy godpooka??
And I AGREED with you! Point made! They r charletons!
haha thanks for the free publicity.
right on sis...love you!
Robin ate yours...but looks like I'm seeing you tomorrow? :D
I am starting not to either :)
When I was almost raped by a security guard at Coachella& the law protects him, 'cuz I was not harmed through-- liquid filled
what pizza place do you give the line the mutumbo?
#ReplaceCodySimpsonSongsWithToby I Want Toby ;)
Searches that led people to my website today: ridiculous occupy; legitimate or acceptable; many christians debate whether devil leigh hunt
Plant DNA vs. Counterfeit Chips
I know that must be an awesome feeling.. I'm smiling so big for you..
Battier stays in the corner more than an 8 year old in timeout
lol Well said and let's not forget according to them they're the oppressed ones
awe man, now I want some Sour Patch Kids! Send some my way! ;P Hope things go well tomorrow, whatever it is! <3
Just remember to make strange faces when they aren't looking. Point to their clothes and ask "Did you pick that out for yourself?"
Me & gens friendship > (;
Im surrounded by blessed unexpected miracles
LOVE STANDING UP FOR WOMEN and LGBT! Spread the word in out in nashville!!
Shaviro: Private interior of mental experience = Harman's vacuum-packed objects.
Where'd you go? I miss you so
RT Can't muster outrage for Saverin's tax cheating, for which he's paying a high price, when we let so many do it as citizens.
I'm entranced by them. Want so badly to spend time on their farm.
Try to get a personality and some pizzazz you suck!
Cheap bags and shoes sale online with free shipping! hurry up ...
What can I say, I'm just not a bumper sticker kinda guy.
Monday is the kickoff for On-Site Portal Admin training in Cleveland! Check back here & on our facebook account for updates & photos!
We have a great respect for legendary composer Johannes Sebastian Bach!
Hello :] how are you?
Molly Ben Ben Frankie Aaron Michael Jesse Austin and a few others
Like us on facebook and you could win a copy of our EP FREE!!! #LikeMeLottery Good luck
Nice work by to have team sites post Player Twitter Lineups. Hope we finally see more interaction now between teams/players
8Flavahz needs to go home. Now. If they're the reason any of the other crews get sent home, I will commit.
SHOP, SAVE AND EARN..... The new Revolutionary shopping experience
yet he tells people to grow up. Unreal.
I do!! Sending Loads of Love! {{HUGS}}}
You should! You should also watch that movie...It is a really good movie!
Going to the MLK Parade Tomorrow in Liberty City, Miami, FL
#MWRC11 Finalizing presentation on vendor statements of work. Any samples of good cancellation or termination language?
back atcha sister, enjoy your summer too. And I'll certainly keep that in mind. I got your back
RT : Nobody to hang with tonight? You can come to and hang with me! Plenty of Christmas cheer here!
ahahaha! Thanks! :D hope you have a good day too
Ran 5 miles at Top to Top tonight.
Starting to apply to professional #librarian positions. Should I keep my resume to only one page, or is that outdated advice?
listening to jeezy way too gone
so comfortable
You've almost made it over the hump... Happy Wednesday! Hang out with us on the
I study there all the time :) What are you up to at UVa?
Reminder to self, for next year: you are very bad at #nanowrimo-style writing. It was a good method for you 7 years ago. It isn't anymore.
Why did i ever have a dj night called 'all requests'? I need to buy records.
So ready to stuff myself!! Gobble Gobble.
Mac on lost. Loves it
Didn't know #2omf talked (o.O)
My suggested #DNC ad: "Barack Obama killed Osama bin Laden. Mitt Romney almost killed his dog."
Rule #3 pay me on tym
Thank you so much im glad you guys had fun an i hope you liked the cds :) like my fan page an tell your friends on fb thkz
Reasons i'm
Fair warning... Her first road trip, so she might be a little grump! Either way, you can still give her some lovins! :D
Fuck yeah dude I'm a warlock bitch!
I wouldn't of missed it for the world love I love you too baby
Make today the best day of your life
yes of course, with 27 :)
hey thanks for follow buddy! How are you?
Just how are libraries are leveraging the ebook opportunity? Find out at our virtual summit on ebooks 10/12 www.ebook-summit.com
now that is good S---! LOL
Till 15th. Then, going to Times Square & I will say: THAT'S A WRAP (; RT Till when are you in NO?! Please say 6
Just ate some strawberry Cream pie
's #punkd rn is so good.
what kind of car are you looking for?
G'Morning fellow early bird! Have a delicious day x
Thanks again to for the info about the new #Vinylmation release. You're welcome everyone ;)
Loving the new Death Cab song...
Troys now a business man
To Dubai international Airport :')
Glad me and my 2 best friends got through all that drama(:
hello there... let's catch up after next week. Will message you. On my way to pycon (thanks to chipy)
Still up at 4:51 am? Yeah, otherwise I wouldn't be typing this. Pulling an all-nighter. We're cool. -K .xx
Such is life train all the time. Bang weights, bars on my back, squats, lunges- do it all and i strain my back cleaning a shower drain? Cmon
Ceramic Dog playing Brubeck's Take Five.
It's amazing, the freedom that you feel when you release all expectations.
you loved it that much midget?
Chloe was the #10 most popular baby name in 2011. Awhyea. Moving up in the wield.
Wearing my #nerdglasses w/ pride!!!!!! #nerdglasses <3 they're my peoples
tell me this is not true Jag Fan..
I agree! Keep the faith!
6/12 1:40 AM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Teddy Smith
God bless America aka Turtle Island.
yep. #kohacon11 in Thane.
i do! pleez!
aww poor ): hope you feel better <3
Thanks to everybody who came to our opening reception last night. We had an awesome turnout.
Tootsie Rolls are disgusting.
I need ice cream
A relative just confronted me about rejecting her as a friend on fb multiple times. We are in the house of god lady, put it away.
remind me to tell you about an epic daydream I had with you in it today! Cracked me up :-)
LUUUUUUUUU!!! Congrats to on his All Star nod!!!
First for me: having my remarks translated into Mandarin at a lunch for a visiting delegation from a Beijing university.
Just ordered a printer from ! I hope is the one delivering it! I love them!
"He lifted me out of the slimy pit, out of the mud and mire; he set my feet on a rock and gave me a firm place to stand." Psalm 40:2
can't wait to try and win meet and greet with ya on 92.3 NOW tomorrow morning :)
"true custom sites"? meaning custom CMS'?
Seen overabundance of spam emails about viagra & pleasing my woman with my sweet girth. I wonder if someone is trying to tell me something?
great photo. Speaks volumes.
Best organization in the Association top to bottom.
Any further news on this? I live right by...
Thank you for the shout! <3
We're expecting a great turn out for our Power 20 event on Feb. 3...sign up before it's too late..go to baltimorebusinessjournal.com.
girlfriend has accumulated 9 days of vacation where should i meet you???
:-) :-) Hopefully this weather holds off
Did Katy Perry just come back from a vacation to 2112?
Like really! I NEED this movie in my life!
Writers block!!!
J.K. Rowling is going to release a new book! Everyone should be partying in the streets!
Are you following us on Twitter yet? Why not? ;)
' That sounds absolutely delicious.
the new one? i haven't been but excited to go, pretty sure that ages me about 60 years.
Is the latest revision more colorful for you? Haha...Thanks for the feedback!
Only watching AI for Queen and I have to mute the judges comments. They were making me gag!
we MUST tell the story....we've been Buiding great men since 1867!
I know your my best friend and all, but your status' are fucking annoying.
Thanks for the RT Tim!
So it could be that exercise could have a much bigger effect if you were to start young
Unless Obama promises me a moon colony I don't think I can forgive him for not picking sparty out of the west.
Love the Packers and hate Homelessness? Looking for some corporate sponsors for a giant charity event hosted by Nick Collins..
Mah bestie is comin' over for some porch wine! Bring on the storm!
oh I was flaccid. you should see my erection. now that's a sight to behold;) bahaha
after you tweeted that..........funny how you said that tho. "having fun on the highway, its gonna be a good da-----CRRAASSHHH"
Oh. RT : Everyone lock up your diaries!
omg me too):
Listening to Simon & Garfunkel on IPod. Art Garfunkel, the original Soprano.
I miss an old friend......
Just opened an account here. Finding things to follow...
Coolest things being auctioned JUNE 14 Tuesday - Panasonic FP7750 Medallion Series Copy Machine, 18000 Cycler Refrigerant Recovery Unit-
My brother is a straight DICK.
Hey Josh do you make your own eBoy phone wallpapers? Where do you get the source images?
Happy Tuesday! Life is too short to live w regret. What are u doing to bring urself happiness? !
hahaa funny stuff :P
Bright pink compression socks = BEST decision I've ever made. I'm so excited to run!
Get completed. How to be strong. Be sparkling. Get thankfulness. City Promoter is a home business. Free Signup.
#GleeSeasonFinale Party tonight with , Allison Patricia, and Heidi! I'm bringing the no-bake cookies! :)
Hello? What about old Heathcliff? He'd make a great
Man, i hate being sick like this... coughing up gross stuff, chest hurts, my whole body and my head aches.. someone shoot me please!! Ugh!!
Jennifer Lawrence kick continuing with WINTER'S BONE.
it should be mandatory he speak french every episode. the Alsace-Lorraine region as a homeland would be an interesting bet
dont dwell on who let you down, cherish those who hold you up
Come out and see us at the Haven in Winter Park with , and others! Doors at 830!
I say fck ya unless I'm witcha.
At what point did your brain go numb? I'm guessing No. 8.
let's hope that those opinion leaders say something so absurd that the advertisers leave and the show is cancelled.
I'm so busy i don't even have time to eat.
The dark hair is NICE!
Man just got my charger wtf
I'm so hungry I just wanna eat and lay down!!
call me
Im picking that shit up next week.
omgee im n love wit der u go its off mi chest
HAPPY THANKSGIVING
aight, this is getting really ridiculous.!
Woke up to 83 messages from him 0_o
Hope you all have your taxes done!
"Every day I remind myself that my inner and outer life are based on the labors of other men, living and dead, and that I must exert myself…
We could sing in such harmony
Listening to Kate Nash, who wants me to stop being a dickhead
THERES A FINE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN im here AND HERE I AM!!
It's never a problem to go the extra mile to make someone u love comfortable.
Coming to the club tonight? E-mail us your name and your friends' names and we'll put you ALL in the V-LIST! (minimum of 6 guests).
I am not an Amer Stds nerd, just a nerd.
shop local, small business coffee joints!
There are no short-cuts...What price are you willing to REALLY pay for what you want?
they're riffing on the names of the stories in The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. The Speckled Blonde. The Geek Interpreter.
In fact, High Tea should be a mandatory time of the day.
Yay! Everything ok?
thanks Seth :)
My goodness they show a lot of skin.
“: xoxo” oohh are y'all gonna be in a scandalous love plot?
I wanna get my cartilage pierced!!
I though it was charged ):
I'm listening to a mix with By The Way in it on my toolbar..
I just nailed in the ear with a tennis ball playing a match: OUCH
Anyone got a $-saving wedding tip to share? Or a cheap solution to what could have been a big wedding snafu? Please share.
I love my moms to death
Isn't every photographer an "award winning" photographer?
Great start
love it!
Thanks for the shout! Where can I find more about Feed My Starving Children events!! = )
Art in Chicago area this weekend - American Craft Exposition (Evanston), Port Clinton (Highland Park) & Bucktown Artfest! Am going to all!
June 15th we are playing with Nocturnal Me at the Croc Rock in Allentown P.A. and on July 10th we are playing with Kid Blaze at The Chance
I'll drink to that!
Had a great time last night with special friends. God created us to need others. I'm glad to have friends that fill the "created void."
thanks so much!
Toy is in the fierce category. Brang it fashionistas! : )
let bygon be bygon's bro
Morning! No ma'am. I've been traveling will check shortly.
BUT WHY isn't Pop that Lock by Adam Lambert a single already!?
haha ya I can. Like 115 good with you ?
thanks man!
the best man alive was born on this day 22 years ago, #HappyBirthdayMGK i love you so much !
What's the dress for ? After 5?
s/o to my new follower im rocking with you baby
I will never date Matt Carol
People's reaction to situations depends on the values they use to frame their approach to life, says Dr.Mok. SPOT can help in this discovery
that was my song!
Hahaha that doesn't even make sense you fool...mommy issues?!
We're just asking for respect, not a tux everyday. Nobody wants to see your feet or ripped jeans.
thank you<3
that doesn't sound like a good class...I guess only 6 weeks left! How are you?
I wish u wished better
Thanks– It was a great presentation. Very worth attending!
thanks Teddy. See you in Detroit one day. “: Good luck, Shan!”
Please list the top ten praise and worship....christian or gospel cd's for me....#information -- Koda Turner ()
I is coming back to twitter((: i miss everyone D;
Oh how I love getting emails from Cynthia Germanotta.
where is your conference? I would love to see/hear you speak sometime. I know you are going to do great.
I flirted with too many guys, he got mad. we broke up, it made me sad. now I feel like we don't talk anymore!:(<\3
Thanks Scott!
Like every other night g smh RT : Dreams of losing my teeth...shit be WILD
Thanks so much for coming to support and his work with Carolina for Kiberia! He has an amazing story to tell.
they could have written the bill to simply say folks over a certain age couldn't invest
People at my school say sKissors instead of scissors
So lime green jello of everyone right now...
Duke Basketball: Why the Blue Devils Need Jay Bilas Back on the Bench - Bleacher Report
Yes Braun. You fucking senseless pussy. We're trying to hit you in the 13th inning. PED fucker.
I know God will not give me anything I can't handle, I just wish that He didn't trust me so much -- Mother Theresa
I guess time really does fly when you are having fun. Indeed, Frappuccino Happy Hour is from 3-5pm May 4-13.
<3 u mom!": Ok my daughter has had a effect on me. Sitting at work watching Marianas trench on youtube. Can't wait for next Tuesday!"
This city is officially cursed with injuries. Screw you, 2012.
Bang someone.
no. no one gets fired here. that's an entirely different story....
The things I want to know are in books; my best friend is the man who'll get me a book I ain't read. - Abraham Lincoln,
woohoo! Happy Birthday!!
What an evening.
filming a new video editing tonight it will be up either later tonight or tomorrow morning or afternoon
My fortune cookie: "You have a natural grace and great consideration of others."
I just shaved off my playoff beard and feel like me again. God knows how I'm going to get up for work in 5 hours.
they thought you were gonna check your stuff before you left . Chelsea was gonna tell you to check .
Thanks for the follow. Let's be glad the dogs don't need car insurance or cell phones.
Don't promise when you're happy, Don't reply when you're angry, and don't decide when you're sad.
my phone died, come at 11 if you want.
You've clearly never been to a Pistons game then. A 20%-full stadium equals playoff atmosphere.
that's my sig!:)
....LONG NIGHT..GONNA SMOME A BLUNT & GO TO SLEEP....
nighty night loves ;-)
The text I woke up to >
Excited for today, beautiful day, friends, tequila, great food and boxing tonite!! Another day in paradise aka: Vegas.
Dude I haven't tweeted in like forever! I feel bad now. Even !! i dont think i can look at myself in the mirror.
no doubt Dan... It was def fun while it lasted! What's this I hear of ur nuptials?!
appreciate the birthday wishes for Lex! Will pass the message along!
Shaukat! Great to hear from you. Hope all is well
HORNUNG = BEAST! “: How about Pierce Hornung yesterday? Looking forward to seeing my family in from Alabama later today.”
Getting Ready for first business trip to St. Louis to meet with some nationwide church leaders! Please Pray for a successful trip!
I like fucking white girls!! Lol
So, how did you like Seattle? :)
Good Luck!
i wannt to tweet me..that's my new TwitMission
Wiz’s appeal is... the startling success of his merchandise; Khalifa’s... sometimes soars as high as $15 (per head per show).
very cool. I met Ken at a camp. I know, the article didn't mention Alan's skills. Are you a folklorist or ethno as well as lib.?
Avengers=GREATEST. MOVIE. EVER. SO MANY ATTRACTIVE MEN.
kayli is off to school w/homework done, and snack and a packed lunch. Mira and Nikki still asleep. How's work?
2 more hours at work smh...I'm bored AF!!
Just got ANOTHER call from hollister...ugh...I love marching band..i love marching band...
Hi Maxie Thanks for the words of wisdom. I like this quote "That which is understood need not be discussed" from Van Halen.
Glad you liked that. I love it! I can't wait to get a power up!
No problem, Erik!
My graduating class is called "the druggie class" because so many kids do drugs in my grade
Halftime America! Good commercial- inspiring words! Game on!
Our show next week with & is no longer being hosted at Live At Phils! It is now at Tomcats in Ft. Worth!
Hope u had a better day today
": Just heard this...When the machines rise up against us, just pray to God that you're nowhere near a dildo factory!"
RT : great to have playoff basketball back in Milwaukee!
YOU KNOW WHAT'S IMPRESSIVE? I dedicated this WHOLE ACCOUNT FOR YOU. <3 but then again I think a lot of people did. So....
I wish this cough would go bother someone else. I may or may not have a particular individual in mind.
Thanks boys. It was a great game, I was happy to see you guys make it as far as you did.
I hate feeling alone all the time..
They say I look like a chimney when I'm in a chair
good morning chick (:
My team and I got in an argument on Xbox live with a 13 year old about how he was lag switching. I had never been more mad.
so you hate when someone is gonna tell you something then they forget
Watching a demo for the latest verson of Ex Libris Alma. Just... Wow. Partner Release 5 is so comprehensive and fluid. Amazing!
okay, well let me know asap :)
Had an great time last night at orientation. The student panel was incredible! Its clear I made the right choice in BSchool!
I jus text my homie 'reach out when u rise' & realized how appropriate that was
I will be all that I can be and do all that I can do. I will find an area of excellence that I can develop and give to the world.
Close to adding one of 's DSLRs to our line-up of HD video cameras, stay tuned for info on our video packages coming soon!!!!
Hey Elizabeth! I fell off the Twitter for a while, I guess. Just got your msg about Franceska! Hope it was all good stuff! :)
SRP 3 is going to kill me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
what? I'm sorry
she is a bitch where.
awww gracias! That's my baby boy!
Sorry I haven't been tweeting much. With all the excitement around the zomm launch there isn't much time.
yeah i hope she performs GYHAB :)
Credit Card machines now live at H Street and Birch Parkway!
Figured it was time to change my username since I got married 5 months ago and had my name changed.
hey thanks!
Oh, I get that… More of a reaction to existing, jaw-dropping sprawl than a condemnation of SW LRT.
progressing at the end of the season. Possession was increasing. Finishing was the problem. IMO
Don't laugh, but is anyone interested to see Jethro Tull at the Balboa Theatre on Oct 17th? Thick as a Brick 1 & 2 to be performed!
hello! More later! Have a great weekend!<U+E056>
It's crazy how your family grows from the people that you meet through different ways! Embrace people and they embrace you, 2 way street!
Agree. creativity shouldnt be punished RT : #sla12 no such thing as ambush marketing: either marketing or piracy
A6) We all love our shiny new stadiums. But most economists agree govt subsidy of new sports facility is, at best, a wash.
music is my life
can't wait! heard u loud and clear :-) very excited to meet u as well! (Only slightly scared ;-) )
The I in illness is isolation, and the crucial letters in wellness are we
try sleeping with a broken heart <3
Wide awake
Belieber-> Simpsonizer -> Directioner. I'm still here for each and everyone!:D <3
When I text you, it means I miss you. When I don't text you, I'm hoping you'll miss me.
Oh. My god. That's amazing! I think "Your money is under the guillotine" is my new favorite thing to say to collection agencies.
Saw that coming. Greinke wasn't getting inside enough.
I REALLY enjoyed myself today :)
Word on the street amongst the local doctors from Chicago is that Michael's is the place for authentic Chicago-style beef.
Sushi and bubble tea sounds so good right now but so does subway
Realized tonight that I haven't watched Willow in years. May need to rectify that.
I love that you're still upset about this, a day later.
RT : I wish my life was stress FREE.
I am thisclose to destroying every Mass Effect game in this house. This better not be how the whole week goes.
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks! I enjoyed talking to you, looking forward to you joining the doctoral crowd. Good luck with your packed semester!
and yes I will eventually ask "THE Question" #itsalongstory LOL
Betty rocking the cream...or not
feeling better, just this darn cough hanging on! BEAUTIFUL day here in the Pacific Northwest! Sunshine and no wind :)
NYPD screaming at hapless pedestrians = not edifying
how can i forget you, and our perfect moments at pool, at your birthday ... ?
is your last name really galifinakis?
& all the guys that do and ditch say "she could hold a five min Convo & was easily led on"
That's too funny!!!!!(: thank you for freakin me out like that!!(: Lmbo!!!!!
would you come to Canaan Baptist Church in Harlem and speak to our Youth on youth sunday
Wow, thanks for all of the great tweets!!
Quick! Make a mental note. BASE Camp is ALWAYS accepting donations, so please feel free to stop by our office dropping of canned foods,...
$100 mil, 6 yrs for Vick?Philly put the jail back in the stadium! Disappointed that NFL lets him and numerous other thugs play.
One of those typewriter to computer transitions that doesn't always go well. I see it a lot with "nontraditional" students.
Watford is killing Evans in this game
Ive seen the truth, but there's no more to see. Just a silhouette in the sun.
It's funny when you make up your mind to be nice and people fuck you ova you turn reckless running ova everybody speed bumps and all.
haha yea soo what it was still funny as hell!! i think the student teacher likes our class already!
I really want you too! omg if you do I hope you're near me because my friggin mom is coming with me -.-
What good does it do a man to believe a seed will grow and give him nourishment if the man never plants it?
argh! Stevens was RIGHT, it is tubes. He wasn't right about much, but he was right about that.
now u know we still cool why u up so late ? U don't got class toma ?
Ive been crushing on #derekJeter for EVER! Now you get a little of him every morning. Lucky Girl!
fight night weekend!! tickets for a good price... then we will follow it up with FREE transportation in the MEGA F650 "shown in picture"
Make sure you really want to be a speaker and info marketer. Work you love will make it easier to create the success you deserve.
Review: Philharmonia Baroque delivers another polished gem from Handel in ... - San Jose Mercury News
Gonna wear my #TeamMELO shirt today! I still represent! :P
Now love 2 shoot newborns & pets!
I know.... I'm in your closet
<U+FFFD>Gymnasium<U+FFFD> comes from the Greek word <U+FFFD>gymnazein<U+FFFD>: to exercise naked.
oh well. Next time
I miss sunday fundays in Bay View a little bit. RT GREAT atmosphere
Lots of young men wearing pastel pinks, yellows, and greens. Must be opening day at Keeneland!
Out with the Old, in with the new! Its exciting!
I def need it framed, but have to wait til I get back from Africa. I'll be in touch.
Making some mail this weekend? Share it with #ShowAndMail. Check out the hashtag for pics from & more.
Had a blast camping, but I'm do glad I'm back home
“: IGNORANT Rap >>> "Intelligent" Rap” I'm hoping this is a facetious statement.
nigga fuck that you was the last one to drop that controller and it broke fuck all the other shit YOU dropped it last
Our loaves of bread @ Firehook Bakery are chewy and crusty with a slight tang! Mouth watering delicious!!
:D aww! .... you get discount when you go when im there ^_^
and if, once again, you think i'm tweeting about you.. well this time i am, fucking bitch.
Im always hungry.
thanks for following me Amber xoxo :-) BH '
Once in a while I'll get moved to do some exercise
RT : Too young to remember the original #MatchGame? You may know its #campy cousin, #SnatchGame. Play &...
That is absolutely awesome.
Thanks Tim. I appreciate it.
in Calif, scores come back in early August (though perhaps the logic is the same)
Thanks, Anique! I truly am a lover of words. :-)
Thanks for reminding me that I still have endorphins. I just had to dig a little deeper to find them.
School tomorrow:(
In the limo headed to #prom! #leggo :D
Get your raffle tickets in now! We're drawing in five minutes!
Happy Mothers Day to all my followers who are Mothers!!
great to meet you courtney!
Hopefully i get to go see lizard lick on April 29 at the big boys toys in Lynchburg maybe with Hannah and Casey but that's a maybe
Congrats! And welcome to BART :)
3 Days til we can experience Wild Onion's Oak aged Winter Warmer brewed with Belgian sugars and a variety of roasted malts YES!
Relaxing for the rest of the night :)
For everyone born on February 29th...Happy Birthday! Today is your day <3
cool....I am selling some of my "dogs" today and buying a few shares......
It's always been 's goal to sabotage
And there are plenty of little visual tags meant to put me (re: you) in the right mood by reminding me of the TV series.
is on my mind (;
How about our partner takin down our hometeam Sat w/ natural hat trick & 1 assist GR8 partner #toughinthefaceoftraderumors RT
Wishing I was spending mother's day with my grandma <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Sorry about that! but thanks for the help! :)
I Thank God EveryDay Moe Money to Make !!
is great fun - geolocated historic pictures of everyday life.
His cock was mangled .. So he cums & pisses side ways Lol
send out the bat signal !!!
look forward to hearing you next!
You are a glutton for punishment.
Superbowl at The Bridge...
now following you back
today is all about easter prep for my little Bumble Bee walmart here i come!
Whose campaigns do you like better, Teya's or Bill's? Tweet @ us.
3 pages of #collectiondevelopment paper done today, not bad considering its StPats and beautiful weather. Going to enjoy my nite
Oh shit. John Boehner is crying. I think bin Laden owed him money.
Its no 5!
Welcome to Twitter!
OK that time works for me too, but I'm not sure if I'll have a webcam or not
Guys night out at Tipico. Big beers and a fat ass burrito. Good way to end the day. @
I love my Russian doctor as well. She's a class act. I'm grateful to have her. She comes off stern and cold but she is a sweetie
retweet if you like to read new book blood drain angel's story #blooddrainbook get it at authorhouse &barnesandnoble&amazon so far more soon
even tho i got my asthma it was worththe dance :') <3
RT : Sweet spot for startup marketers is pre-growth post must-have feedback from early users. Use survey.io before taking job.
me too
Fabulous!!! Hope it was great!
we're right next to the federal building and wells fargo tower
Focus on positive happy thoughts and keep Gods word in your heart - its a battle of the mind and with God we win
are going to sending out Xtamina Energy Drink's Energy Mix CD's by "DJ Don't Stop" & "DJ Kaios" of ATL Promoters & DJ's
haha too funny! So glad you came. I'm looking forward to seeing you more since I can throw a rock at your house from mine!
Just replied to an email bout my inquiry on custom ring binder. They want to call instead coz they receive fraud email sometimes. Sigh...
Oh i love our awkward convos(:
thanks for the RT! Hope u r enjoying your Mother's Day! xo
Our concert tonight at the KiMo!
Looking fwd to hearing address “Networked Macrosolutions: Library Peer-Sourced Collaborative Services” tomorrow (HT ).
You, too. Let me know when your spirits need uplifting.
I'm forever available ;D
im gonna b watching premios juventud and im gonna need my mom to translate everything for me :o cuz she dont wanna teach me spanish
Hey, #paterno protestors: think about the victims & the innocents that could have been saved from abuse. What if it was ur family member?
"Mommy, who's my daddy?" "Your dad is a New York girl's angelic voice singing the Pokémon theme song." Seems legit...
#prsawebinar hard to imagine that email faced same skepticism at onset that social media is facing now. Shows how times & tools change!
yes I did
Seems churlish to reject even those whose cases have been adjudicated in their favor, or never tried. Categorical thinking.
thats pretty co too... i was gonna get cixhilids but u cant put any other type of fish with em theyre so aggressive ha
looking forward to that Glasper feat, Gregory Porter track
This tweet was directed to ion subtweet just couldn't figure out da name at da time
hope you enjoyed the set up! Come by tomorrow if you want and happy to share with you every detail about it =]
you're my muhf***in' boy and you know #that. But in reply to certain tweets, Kobe is NO Jordan!
great report on different standards for public corruption prosecution in SB. The moral is ALL corruption shld be pursued
Blood sugar is 300 now :/ once again
Thanks for following me. Hope you're having an awesome Tuesday! :)
You don't feel anything else because uve become Obsessed.................
No more defending champs!!!
Miss Malini » Blog Archive » MissMalini's Hottie of the Day: Megan Fox
hey i just met you, and this is crazy, but heres my number, so call me maybe! #please?
Spent the end of my evening with Wolfram, Wheeler, Langston, thai basil beef & cellular automata
doesn't even make sense bro...
awesome! whats your email? i'll add you to the portland list so when Roshon is coming you'll be the first to know!
Royce is always in a relationship
RT : Damn right. This ain't Burger King. They can't have it their way. //
hey my name is Sean im good friends with Chris and Cass of Scully's in Miami, i want to get a career in culinary arts any tips?
I'm one boob, you're the other boob and together...we're Breast friends. :)
RT : You don’t control the direction of your company, your audience controls it. -
The actor has a constant problem of personal identity
“: Somebody girl not being faithful lol”
Amy Winehouse's voice was truly amazing. The world has lost a great talent.
RT MT : #timbus student or intern position in #digitalpreservation of business processes at SAP Zür...
So so excited for the summer! My best friend since I was 2 is coming up to visit and see Marianas Trench and Hit The Lights with me!:D
Hide your feet ladies Rex Ryan is depressed and on the prowl
The entertainment though is priceless...
political correctness gone wild.
pretty close to Portland- Vancouver, wa. Just across the Columbia river- close enough to large city but not too close -great area
": Dear spongebob, you live in Bikini Bottom & you're super absorbent? Sincerely, you're a tampon."
I think so.
Um, you are my favorite.
Thanks ! Cheers!
I think we dream so we don't have to be apart so long. If we're in each other's dreams, we can play together all night.
Last final tomorrow morning XD
"The box said 'Required Windows 95 or better'. So, I installed LINUX."
You're making my timeline pretty magical right now. I'm digging it
#SIESTAFEST2012!! RT : Crying over you thats why im crying cant wait to see debbie deb let it go x
One word #weather forecast: Moist.
ohh man :/ I still have about two or three years maybe till I get to start college
Oh, work starts at 7:00AM now starting tomorrow?
#OneThingIAmThankfulFor is all my twitter followers. :-)
Jeez, this challenge took forever. Mike Carry would have had this mess sorted out by now.
I hate when I realize that I'm still #drinkingcoffee after midnight :/ Making progress though!
LOVE THAT SONG HOW OLD R U ?? I AM 14
Does anyone have an uplifting Monday story to tell? Some of us could use one :)
Thanks for sharing our Pinterest piece!
Haven't started reading it yet - but will do!
I am fine-working on some images and a writing assignment. Coffee has yet to kick in though!
rt : RT : Its funny to think that there was a time when MTV focused on MUSIC, not pregnant girls.
Grand Central has sent out galleys of Pynk's SIXTY-NINE (3/25) - quite unusual to get a street lit/urban fiction ARC! Sizzling!
Thank you for the RTs! Enjoy your week!
nice read. Again, I agree.
When stupid ass bitches get in my face Cheergirl<333
School soon #fmlmoment oh yeah...
Its a beautiful day... Dont let it get away !
I love every single person in this car:D
fans kill me sayin ppls careers are dead! 1 day hers is gonna b dead y dn't yall focus on her being remembered 4 something!
And a beer tuned into another writing session
One hour until the #EqualPayDayRally Under the Dome! Join me at the State Capitol - INSIDE - 1st Floor Rotunda. Please RT!
At the Birkie up in Hayward, WI! Sherpa-ing for my brother...
Today! $10 gets you a breakfast burrito or Burger + beer of choice on NFL game days @ Paddys
LLAB ME DNT SMOKE NO REGGIE BUSH N MY LIL WAYNE VOICE !!!....
Thanks!!!! That's is super nice of you!!
The Avengers was awesome - action packed, I suggest seeing it. And there's a high chance I will have to marry Scarlett Johansson
hmm... Maybe I don't miss Arizona as much as my previous tweet would imply
ALL OF THEM.
Wow that is a lot of weight. Mosley had Justin Broxton not long ago w/those kind of numbers but in the 183 class.
It's after breakfast, so that would be a yes.
Educate yourself! Everything you need to know about #cnndialogues' panel of experts: goo.gl/27JkE
#thanksglee for making me realize I'm #foreveralone ...
The magic recipe to living out your boldest dreams: A pinch of delusion, a dash of audacity and a shot of courage. - Kirsty Spraggon
When she wearing your sweatpants after>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
All new music send to
Theory: there are two kinds of people, those who need a program in instrumental music and those who don't.
Kate's scene w/Stefano was so out of character 4 her.Kate would have thrown Marlena right in Stefano's face.Another writer snafu.
Wo Now. Let's not get crazy.
They got that shit on you tube all ready lmao
It sounds crazy! But it's great...as an excessive, violent, but self-aware parable about masculinity and violent sport.
Celebrating the ultimate gift in my life...Motherhood <3 Thankful for my AMAZING 3 boys who changed my life for the better <3
The former RT : Hey are we grab assing this week? Or is mutual respect? RT Not fight. Just less grab-ass
hell yeah!
lol! That would make my day.
does he know bosie isnt to bad in the winter
Milla jovovich had to do the technical awards ceremony. Maybe this will teach her to stop with the resident evil movies
A fun #Art follow!
Very well known bug.
'"I'm wearing jeans today," he said casually.
Amazing how dramatically certain experiences can change your aesthetic perspectives on something or someone.
“: We all know a skank named Jessica.” Hey.
Two things i love in life. You, and the free promotion site on my profile. great for follows. follow4follow?
happy hour makes us happy too... for all the HH\'s in SEA check out www.gotime.com
Can't lose what you don't have... lol
They falling like the rain, so we ain't running out.
OMFG The #MTVVMAS r doin a trubute Ms. i am soo Watching! its well deserved and i actually think is OVERDUE!!
I should do my homework but it doesn't make sense. So I don't feel like doing it. Its due by midnight & I haven't started. I'll do it later.
glad to hear it, sir, and it certainly seems that way
Thanks for mentions!
just voted for The Hunger Games!
in the original or "alternate" packaging
I can on the 13th. Unless y'all wanna do the tough mudder??!!
Who is your favorite SNL cast member of all time?
haha! Hi Michelle! I can't sleep lol t.t these songs are just making me think rather than sleep lol
Q5: What are the most creative event ideas that you've seen?
maybe i tweet alittle too much about about twerking lmao
because we get out in 2 weeks.
Of course it is. It is the subjugation of one class over another.
Why am I reading my work email at this time?! Ugh
obviously some hater, and no my MJD autograph is hanging framed over my bed. Helps me get in the mood at night ;)
Just left a meeting w/ a new client. He chain smoked as I sat next to a box of dildos and a wall of condoms behind me.
So my sis is going in on somebody!! Ooohhweee don't make her bring out that red ......... Nevermind
Fire & Ice with and
appreciate the RT Mike!
please follow if u wnat a new follower she follows back!
Um, I hear Backstreet Boys right now. At work. Am I hallucinating? Am I back in 2000ish? Help.
I wish I lived near there.
#IhateitwhenImdrivingand people won't let me change lanes & CONTINUE to drive past me when they see I'm obviously tryna switch
You Betcha!! RT : Wouldn't u love for Sarah Palin 2 be your hist teacher? Not 4 the knowledge, but purely 4 comedic purposes
love the gear.
really I am just a nut with lots of nice friends!
#Toughmudder norcal to do it or not to do it...
I'm good at drawing its just I feel like I'd mess up.
Running the Mini #Indy? Pre-race pasta dinner at Milano Inn! (317) 264-3585. Classic Italian, free parking, 1 mi from downtown.
If I was the State of Hawaii, I'd tell Joe Arpaio & the "birthers" exactly where they could stick their Obama birth forgery rhetoric. Geesh!
Superdraft cheerleaders just got swarmed @ The Palms pool. Guys can't seem to siign up fast enough!
Participating in a webinar on how social media supports/impacts workplace learning.
seriousley start watchin the wire. Shit is highest rated tv show on imdb. Lost is for faggits named joe
thank you! Anyone with #backpain send them our way. Hope to see you all again soon.
Today is YOUR day volunteers, Orientation Day! :) be there 6 pm #sharp!
you guys are slammin! And jammin!
I just got off my couch and joined the judges in a standing ovation for Joshua Ledet. He sang the heck out that Fantasia song.
I cry when I watch this show. Poor lil gators!!
Not much, nothing like you on the stage! On my way to rural Virginia tomorrow for a conference! All good w/you?!?
Add me on Facebook, follow me on Twitter...oh and let's be friends in the real world.
Show the Baltimore-based OpenGrooves project some love: suggest it to your friends! We need your support!
are you going to get the 3? you currently have a 1 right?
Thanks for the RT on my Play the Past post- spacibo bolshoe!
Sometimes I just need a good run to get past the moment :)
Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas! Take a moment to relax and enjoy the holidays.
awesome, glad it went well!! Did you all stay out of the rain?
you just made me smile SO big carlie! ah love you too! hugs to cooper! totally made my day! mwah x
On the flight to JFK airport in New York!
so do i but he tries to be a superstar too much sometimes. Wont front id love him in chi
There is a scarcity of friendship, but not of friends. -Thomas Fuller
"Oh my God Becky, Look at her butt!"
I never ever forget. I hate commercials. How did we live before?
Irony at finest RT: After whacking Obama for 15 minutes, Romney accuses him of divisiveness and pledges to bring America together
Bills is on fire... Then again it is the Padres
well alex constancio, robert villanueva and the rest of the crew still live there (:
Nothing better than a tall glass of cider on an Autumn day!
Today we lost one of the.greatest.voices of our generation ... Whitney House u will be greatly missed u were amazing
Huge fan of tololololololololoing
Several approaches when buying a new #broadcast automation system Which will you choose?
RT If my family pay then every mf gotta pay!
here's a pic of the tomato, quark, squash and basil salad:
yes it is. They should have people slingin drinks up and down this thing
Correction , is coming over tonight!
I'm feeling so old :-/ BTW Craig was back at his old high school in Cabanauld (sp) tonight. I'd hate to vist mine :-0
Thanks! Great to hear! RT Am enjoying your feed. Entertaining AND true!
was amazing at Headliners in Toledo. Looking forward to seeing them on Warped Tour this summer!!
Hello...your prints are ready a day ahead of schedule. You can pick them up M-F 8:30 to 6.
why hvntyou guys been in nyc to hang out wit me? it makes me real sad. oh and i made a cool beans shirt :P imma tweet you a pic
not tryna shave yet
Feeling in super duper productive work mode this week and it's a very good thing.
I might have to go to Taco Bell for lunch. Again.
YES! So excited
we got alot in store for the future of our company, stay tuned...
bg sleep thank u God for small fav I swear she going to TRY and be DIVA when she get older lol
i said i'd never let you fall and i always meant it
It is 4th of July I need to blow some shit up!!
Order your honey, a special heart shaped cake for valentines ! Call now for more details! And visit www.happycakewilltravel.com for flavors.
So exciting!
<3 you're the best
Thanks! And no Jakes 19, I'm 21 (Scotty) and Josh is 21 as well.
yeah they were playing around though
Such a great weekend at Penn homecoming
is the great National Security Threat the USA faces today!
Hi! I don't even know if I'm doing this right! Lol How & why does someone retweet?? I see that a lot on here!
Yes, I know how to shut up. I just don’t know when.
Thanks for your help last night! You are a super tweeter!
Why are today's conservatives so un-conservative? On the ideological spectrum, the tea party makes liberals look like teetotalers.
Spoiled by having louisville's church bells as my alarm clock
I hate storms. Used to scare me quite a bit as a kid.
Thx! RT : Thank you for following
One student must be pretty desperate for an umbrella since they stole mine from outside the computer lab. #youknowwhoyouare!
ah awesome cant wait to hear it man! How's that Beware of Pedestrians shirt fit you?
IKR!Obviously if u go 2 a Greyson Chance concert u're going 2 wear GREYSON CHANCE T-SHIRT not a Camp Rock one :|
Finally is on twitter! I have to say you are the best singer ever. Can't wait to hear more great songs for you!
Watching the person you like walk away, only makes the pain grow.
i wanna dance and love and dance again *-*
Good luck with your internet free year!! I'm envious that you're actually getting the chance to do it!!
It's real purty over here, awaiting ur return.
see that you playing in the #CFL now..
International students are welcome to attend! The 12Wk Program is formatted so students can attend using a visitors visa
I dunno about hockey, but I know you can't have your whole body over the puck like that Lol
Happy New Year... Glad to see 2012 started with a bang. The council in the UK sent me a bill from 2007. Way to go Notts CC !
So we are messing with the countrified jukebox at a local bar in #Carmel using the app for the juke. Most fun ever!!
Just realized I was complaining about 90 degree weather, yet I used to live in Phx. Yes folks, I'm an idiot.
Somebody drunk my Cream Soda I'm fucking mad I paid for it with my own fucking money. I'm being paid that fucking unit rate on the can
You can have it all including my last name d:
this boy today told me he hates me . he was so serious too .
Save me. Nut. Cool
Yeah... maybe.
those caps break my heart
And stay tuned for an AMAZING giveaway I'll be announcing on Monday!
it's a lyric OK
Oh wow, that's alot more than the like $15 Headliner's ticket....I've seen WTK before, but never Mayday Parade.
;; i <3 your videos !! It'd mean a lot if you could follow me andd mention me in a tweet ! (:
Is it just me or are covers sometimes way better than the original song?
I was on the phone with them earlier. They said they put something in my reservation about the return flight.
Take Care Of Home # DaveHollister
check out DJ Fausto on air right now!
#TwSIG Writing a good photo caption is useful skill. Twitter teaches to write in 140 characters.
thanks for the RT. I meant what I said!
Online reviews have made me so indecisive. A couple of negative reports will make me nervous about booking a hotel ...
Today our education folks will be joining on a Mission Reach Tour, then speaking at the Native Plant Society of TX meeting!
alwas be happy...life is short just live it while u can.......have fun and never let anything bring u down love:Ashleigh from the heart
these few days off were indeed needed. unfortunately, back to work today </3
Shall I see you at the Jeffs tonight?
A great new policy in our opinion
cincy is 70s like that. for once
ecstatic! i just got my phone :D
Sometimes I forget that we never *actually* worked at CP together. I still need a reunion soon!
What happened to your Flyers? Lol
Any time!
Dude you are such a fool. You call yourself a celebrity....dude you are'nt.
them nxggaz done for
you're the number one sketchball
Releasing an album.
Gotta keep um straight - ya know? RT : out here giving advice to the youngins
Go to 's facebook www.facebook.com/regretnight and leave a comment with our name so we can open for them on june 17th!
On 3/4/1865, Abe Lincoln gave 2nd Inaugural address calling nation 2 “care for him who shall have borne the battle & his widow & his orphan”
one of the best wwe superstar
Exactly! And what a legacy he leaves behind! :)
watching cheaters trying to figure out why the girls fight each other when the boy did them wrong?
And lastly, spend time listing the stupid things I've done to avoid starting this paper.
Okay Dj'ing time is over.. got to get back to the lab... lol
Big win , on 2 philly!!
No problems here - on either Chrome or Rockmelt (built on Chrome).
"Seven Days" was all she wrote. A kind of ultimatum note.
kk dont have your period too early bro
unbelievable story...
#LOL and #OMG have been added to the #OxfordEnglishDictionary... thus the continuation of the decay of the English language
If you ain't where you should be, you're doing something wrong
Off to Magnolia Cafe in
Have I told you yet of my side project; another duo with my friend Fred from Chicago. More poppy, more housey? Summer 2012.
Thanks Denise, appreciate it!
One more hour of work out during lunch and I'm done for the day
Shit, gotta take it all
rofl no another fail lmao
the Fat dude from Juice is in Savoy.. Lol
attended the release of the Idaho Pork Report by Idaho Freedom Foundation.
#whycantyoujust accept the fact the UCONN is going to win!!! #TEAMUCONN!!!!
halleluj! I need a break!!
don't get me started on that... i don't understand why a multi-million dollar system constantly fails.
Omg I was at the game. I almost threw up both at the hit & when stretcher came out! thankfully sounds like he's ok!
happy birthday love you!!
I cant wait til next week end (:
Any day with PiYo waiting at the end is a good day. Happy Tuesday, everyone!
Ski season officially starts tomorrow... finally!
Alan Merten says he's most proud of the pride that everyone feels about GMU: the pride that wasn't there before. I agree. I'm proud of GMU!
#ThingsIWantToDo : When a cop pulls me over and says papers.. I'll say scissor, I'll win, and drive off.
u in 2014 now?
You should never have to log out to join a wiki. Drop us an email if you're seeing that and we'll figure it out.
I hope your prof doesn't follow you on Twitter :)
So much is happening with #carrier! As a journalist-- wish I were covering this. As a person who values her sanity, I'm good w my story.
Moms birthday today!
#Cheers BH Homebrew Challenge Judges! Chief justice Marty Nachel,Mike Miller, Bob McDermott
good luck Charlie.. (: lol
You're welcome. You keep reading and I'll keep writing.
Pretty excited for Florida. Just have to survive the school.
Really wishing I was at #devlearn, but I am excited that I get to go to #l2011 this year.
On today's show - Kids of Steel are here to talk about exercising & eating healthy in preparation for their May marathon! Tune in at 9am!
quanisha no secrets to get on twitter at school and shyt lil fein !!
It's been a really weird day. I need to vent.
Great find on the kids' drawing app!
agree Randi she rocked it. Loved every minute of it. She's still got it!!!
Really Obama, I like you and all, but couldn't you have picked a better time to have your speech - it's Teen Week on Jeopardy!
Thanks for the follow! Hope u have a lazy Sunday!
you're very welcome.
#IReallyMiss nap time! Sincerely, all teenagers.
Another beautiful day in Tampa Town with Love you baby !
Hoping to learn a lot in #EAD workshop this AM going w/
Tomorrow I get to see my beautiful friends walk in to prom. So excited. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> :)
#Heartattack Kids of Unhealthy , Disadvantaged Moms More Likely to Be Sickly Title: Kids of Unhealthy , Disadvantaged Moms More Likely to B
thnx for follow please follow me for unprofessional tweets
Girls with braces >
Fight Time
What's your daughter being for Halloween? I think the baby is going to be a dog, the older 2 are Mario & Luigi..again.
Cool. But that gets me to thinking: how many weddings does Kodak have online where the couple has already divorced?
Thanks for the follow and don't forget the sunscreen.
We have MLB Extra Innings every game every team only at The Anchor Bar come enjoy opening day and watch your favorite team..
Ryan Tedder, marry me?
I just saw your profile pic. Um can I please get lessons from you on how your are so friggin GORGEOUS?! NOT FAIR.
I remember the day I got my acceptance letter very clearly. Never did thank you for that, did I? THANK YOU :D
I don't think you'll ha e a problem winning. ;)
re: #QOTD - youngest kids. those m'er f'ers are annoying. my little brother is one of them.
Just made a bomb diggity meat loaf Yum
naaa bro, i've got the burn! You lookin' for some hot though? Cause I got it aaaalllll (;
at least UK has the opportunity to get a championship taken away. Louisville doesnt even get that much attention.
don't be mad it was hard to even stand without getting pushed to the ground #butholes<U+E409>
Up watching idol and that guy truly don't care
Fez is one of the best games i have played in a long, long time
Since when was 'qis' a word...words wit friends can kiss ma black ass
Sometimes I feel if a girl plays hard to get she's just tryin to see if u feel she's worth the effort
she looks great w/o it. IMHO
You missed some capital letters and exclamations. Let's try this again. TACCCCCCOOOOOOSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Get to work! RT : Can someone just roadtrip with me to Newport already!?
4th Annual Miss Black and Gold Pageant is Feb 26th!!! TICKETS ARE BEING SOLD NOW!!! RT
Madison Pharmacy Associates > A woman’s hormone profile is as unique as her fingerprint.
. -Exciting developments for us! From "Half the Sky" #justfilms funded doc series to educational content to social action game!
tell him I said Happy Birthday
When a girl goes out with the duche bag and not the sweet one -_- p.s thought u wanted the sweet one :/.
The office is really turning around and looking 10 times better can't wait for it it to be finished. Pictures coming soon!!!
&& I have the munchies.. Damn
RT : Looks like Philip Taylor can play guard.
I mean,if you get fired,you can then drop a dime about anything and get the current employees fired?
Ready for the school year to start up in Saratoga
How come?!
Learning #TYPO3 today. So far so good.
Cook county hospital will be the death of me, omg...
Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe & B TRE Drink specials !!!
Let us know how we can help. We have good options for managing large groups of wikis.
Haha It's ok. She was with Ashley benson. It was "First Friday" last night so there was a street blocked off and there was (c)
In contrast to Miller and Lambeau this is multi purpose. Bucks not only tenant. Important that state's biggest city has modern building.
I can't wait for my theory to come true for the nba finals Mia vs okc
holy shoot I'm so pumped for "STOP" Omgomgomgomgomgomgomg<3
Encourage one another and build each other up - 1 Thessalonians 5:11
The human element greatly affects what students become.
You popped A zit before a date,leaving an even bigger mess on your face! Try using eyedrops a quick pimple shinker.
AW don't remind me :( I know! I want to go!!! The Script isn't coming though :\ but when I see them I can die happy
Homebrew is fermenting wonderfully. In bed with allergies and bourbon and Lost in Translation.
I'll be there, David -looking forward to it!
We got your back.
RICH WARD Y U NO LIKE SWEATY MAN PICS? Prepare for texts!!!!
Is Friday October 14th or Monday October 17 a better day for me to start as your intern?
So Bosox accept a prospect of Cubs' choosing, they get that & don't pay Theo. Lucchino thinks nothing + paying Theo is better?
Long day.. But new mixes are soundin' good ..
#iconf11 has a secret menu! Go to any of the bars order an i-tini!
so glad is on the bill, I hope to be in the photo pit for what I'm sure will be an incredible performance. =)
August 3-August 11 some of the best comedy in Milwaukee & beyond will take to the stage! 255 S. Water Street. Don't miss it!
Have you tried Burma Superstar yet? It's a major YUM.
Alex Gaskarth sex face?
John Mayer cancelled his entire tour today. Sad day for sure.
": Most 90's cartoons sucked.. #SorryNotSorry" are you crazy
Yes ,one offensive linemen and the rest DEFENSE! Get to work Phil! ok maybe a tight end Ladarius Green thats it.
too that's great :)) how r u my love ??? Any news? Love u so much!!
Today has to be one of the best days <3
yeah, in a stress-hormone + narcoleptic kind of way
would be great to see proceeds go to charities too. I bet that would have been popular at
My hearts a stereo... It beats for you so listen close...
I can't even walk in a straight line AND I just yelled at a SIGN about budget cuts for youth and seniors. But seriously, find me the $!!!
Hockey Hall of Famer, Patrick Roy, won two Stanley Cup championships each with the Canadiens and the Avalanche.
Guess not. I'll leave the self-pic taking to the kids.
To give you guys a break from talking about #SarahJPhillips, here's a little nugget. Ex-#Bears P Spencer Lanning was claimed by the
Explained to a neighbor here in NC that he really should check out the art & design section of when he visits NYC.
Be careful of your friend Palpatine and your pal Friendpatine
Jesse doesn't believe this is you lmfao
RT : I hate not having money.
now offers CRM installations for small to medium businesses. Take better care of your customers today with Customer Relations Management!
Tonight at 5:30pm on : a local woman speaks out after she was allegedly assaulted by a CMU football player.
Happy to have come across your timeline! We have similar interests. Thanks for sharing great info!
Hello Hello! Happy Friday. :)
Join us at the Main Library for This is Not a Book Club on May 15th at 4 p.m. For ages 8-11. Pre-register online or at 282-4607.
Today I ran out of gas en route to the gas station. I guess my car was even less motivated than I was to go to work!
wish u were here at this state conv in Janesville; want 2 hear your thoughts on this pay gap research
You did great job in the show today! The crowd loved it when u appeared in the show!
cant believe all 3 lanes in the pool were full at 0430 today!! #whatiswrongwithyoupeople #sleepinalittle :-)
When God is taken out of the U.S. your unalienable rights, granted by God (what are now left of them), will have been completely eliminated.
Justin Bieber is gay!
well if you insist.. ;)
is mel doing okay? We haven't heard from her :/
Adult Halloween is sitting at your desk eating a beet salad and imagining that it's a bowl of veggie candy.
Very nice! Well played Scherbatsky! Time to suit up Ted!:-) Do you watch Modern Family?
think this time i'll pick the sword as my strength and the wand as my weakness. usually pick the shield as my strength
": Navigating the websites of the two newspapers in a city our size shouldn't be this difficult." Thank you. It's nuts.
Nice! Congratulations.
Ben Croft wins in Salt Lake. #SpringBreak Pro/Am is only one month away. Will Kane be back? Don't miss the excitement!
Jennie. I know I've never met you, but I consider you to be a friend. Please bring me some Poutine from across the Border.
Have a picture of you or a friend wearing a BarCamp Rochester t-shirt out and about? Tweet it at us! We're looking to make a collection!
9 year old kids today have: facebook, twitter, phones, iPod. When I was their age I had: a coloring book, crayons, chalk, & imagination!
Had fun at the Banquet!Had lots of laughs with Jose,Zach,Heinz and Jose's girlfriend and some other people.^_^
i'm died with my new icon *-*
Havin a bad day
hahahaha hell yeah F ing right :D
4. If they love you they will tell the world and let you tell it 2. 5. Ppl make time for what they want. Some make time cuz their bored.
Nope I live in Quincy,Florida
even the sun sets in paradise
Thank you, Veronika!
I am not amused by freezing rain in October. Time to pick the rest of my basil!
Who knows how fast I'll be going though because I feel like taking it up a notch when it comes to driving
We're getting Fios on Friday!
A year :) RT : Congrats! It's only 100.00 per year or month? I miss that life.
What's good fam? It's ruckus from .. Let me know if there's anything I can do for you! Follow back
RT Great! My hot neighbor Karen just saw me in the toilet paper aisle at the supermarket! Now she's gonna know I shit!
Criticisms are of the CCP, but feed into a propaganda that de-humanizes China at large in the Western eyesight.
I really have to wait over a month to see #thevow ?
Yay class with :) love u
U On The Wrong Dick Sweetie
If you have it and can't afford it, somebody will be forced to buy it from you.
The Production Stable will be making an announcement soon on our next 2 productions (web series profiling local comedians & a music video).
I'm tryin to be an actor and a extra or get a screen role in any movie email
ok that's that beach I'm pretty sure u been 2 other beaches
So sazzie pants, are you going to wydlife today?
Natacha is not helping me! lmfao
We have the artist formerly known as Ron Artest back
My life just seems to full of neglect right now.
are you the 2012 BOTB photographer? If so, how can I get hooked up?
i'm light way mad #KentState los
it takes forever to go through there. The scenery is at least kinda decent lol
#libchat Hey, all you lurkers come on and join the fun.
first time logging back in after forgetting my twitter password for a week. what did i miss?
yeah man the cashier wasnt by the door so i just walked in lol
The reason why I don't wanna leave Boracay when I go there cuz there's a lot of sexy ladies in the swim suits esp When I'm in Shangri-La lol
Quick shower then imma make my way down, I'll tweet you to see where you at by then and just meet up
go to sleep Ty. You will need the energy. Also I need little info about the club level seats I got.
Really hoping today goes well. :x
Our shelter needs work if you know someone that can help w/construction. We also have naming opportunities for donors!
This game is the exact reason why Rose was still in the game. Amazing comeback
85% on my management final #icy FUCK THIS INDUSTRY
is this the first instance of FB "stalking"? Or just knowing what others are doing at any moment?
Thrilled to be a part of YourTango. Thank you for the RT of Know Thyself.
The #cta train I'm on suddenly smells of hotdogs with lots of mustard...
Thanks for joining us at today's webinar! Email us at : Let us know what you think or suggestions for future topics!
Why do all Mexican soap operas look like porn? I've been waiting for someone to get naked for the past 3 hrs.
and and
Shoutout To My New Followers -
Thanks for your input. That's what I was leaning towards, but to me it's so commonly known:-)
"Don’t be afraid of failing, be afraid of not even trying" - unknw - good one 2start the tdy & for the indie world
Oh okay cause I hear that a lot and I was just wondering.
Thank you! *WHEEE*
Side note, I'm really inspired by the forthcoming collection INJECTING DREAMS INTO COWS by poet Jessy Randall. THIS is poetry!
Still in jacksonville.
Been trying to book a flight all morning, site is just reloading :(
Heading to in Glouster, OH! Can't wait to boogie down!
Sick of all this easter candy
I've never seen The Hangover.
Mel, put a bug in Mamma B's ear that we don't approve lol
RT : RT this if you've had sex outside of marriage.
It's good to prioritize...
Ha! I didn't! And in Seattle, no less. Howdy, 1995 Internet!
"You are the worst band I have ever seen in your entire life."
Phonevolution? RT : "We believe that over time all phones become smartphones."
I write sins, not tragedies.
Really? Oh my that's awful! I would tell you what I think about people with no manners, but this is my kids' channel haha.
I just saw it like right now. I just got home xD. IT WAS INCREDIBLE. Thor is my favorite <3
its hot a/f
yes because you <3 me
lol for what
goes top, had a good drs. appt today. Life is good.
I really want some Subway.
I'll consult the guru before I make any sudden moves
I have LaHair on my fantasy squad #kansascitycavemoths so until he stops hitting bombs I am a #Cubs fan
we are headed to B St. I'll shout out when we find a spot.
hey all what's up i'm on and looking for some fun
Pretty little liars was all that today
#nypd presence at union sq is light but a few whiteshirts just showed up
I need a thousand tweets -.-
can someone please help me get more followers ? :)
fun, I'll be down soon!
I wish I could eat my Statistics book and have all the knowledge in me ~_~
Retweet This If You Dumb As Fuck :D
Is craving my daily fix of
I'm off this
"Tuba of jake brakes, a train bell ringing as it moves across the yard, sky shake of the engine, and the honk..."
I have always loved the green M&M she is such a Diva! lol
What did you do to make me fall hard for you?
Go on Campopoly.com and tell us what activity we should try next! We will do it and blog about it!
On El Paseo Grande road :D!
We're recording a new song tomorrow! Get stoked!
thanks for the love!
Anyone know if prednisone can cause nose bleeds?
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 94
Just missed this category to go back and analyze the nipple.
): Arre you okay? If you want im here if you need someone to just listen!
hahahaha what can i say? i fully commit to the creep.
I haven't talked to you in forever!!! How are you? :)
my brother <3's taylor swift's music lmao eminem has new music coming tomorrow
Scoble meets a femtech - seems startled: “: I'm really happy to meet a TECHNICAL and FEMALE co-founder, ..."
Stupidity got us into this mess, then why can't it get us out? ~Will Rogers
rip it up... to smithereens...
Waffle House for late breakfast..."Can I have a cup of water and a cup of hot water?"...You should see the confused look I get every time!
haha me too!
Until the demon from paranormal activity comes and drags you down the hall (;
Only visited the DC HMM. Can only imagine what u r finding there. #jhuDC will be visiting next week. Anxious to hear reactions.
follow me plz
Need more folks in graduate student paper session! Come-on over to Columbus I/J!
Congratulations to McGraw-Hill Construction on the #MarkLogic Excellence Award.
anytime spent discussing cowboys today should be spent discussing how we hire bill cowher
May your Easter, Passover, Spring fill your heart with happiness! I enjoyed a horseback ride through a river bed...
They do a lot of barkin but never bite
Looking forward to meeting with tomorrow!
Thank ya Synco!!
FBI announces they're investigating Zimmerman for hate crimes. NOW there's a report he was treated for injuries? Bullshit.
I love any type of food events :)
No, no I can not stand 10 minutes of that. Please don't do that again, unless you are TRYING to make me cry. Thanks.
Twas a good night. Now time to get some sleep and wake up early. Gotta put in my 8 hours just like all the other working stiffs.
What was like for Noah on that ark? Did he regret being chosen for the job? Refresh your memory at www.lindaswift.net, New Releases Page
good excuse to go to the one in Orlando :-)
Did the Romney campaign really send me an email from Darren, the "digital intern"?
today was the last day i will ever have to walk into garvey's classroom. thank god
You are welcome! We'd love to meet you if you are ever in the Metro Center/ #PennQuarter area.
RT : Today our prizes are Walmart Gift Cards! We have 3 $25 and 1 $100 card to give away!
Its too damn hott!!!
yes. We can help you out. www.stardesignsa.com
Think you guys could spin "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !?! Love that song!
Water on the mind
Here comes the wind, ick.
If you ever decide to go into furniture-making, you could call yourself Chair-Masters.
Job interview followed by tons of grading tomorrow. Take me away, light at the end of the tunnel!
So wait, it's going to rain right?
Random: I need to perform ASAP! I have a few things in the working so I'll just be patient.
I've been at #mw2011 for less than an hour and already ran into someone I know and made lunch plans. I love this conference.
Cody Robert Simpson why do you tell me this now.Well anyways my project is #GCF but you know I'll just keep the pic:)
Misunderstandings happen in life. If you can't break through the hurt feelings, it's best to let them go their own way. Life goes on...
Order Your Christmas Gifts by Monday to get them in time for the Holidays!
GPC at the moment...dnt kno where I'm trynna go next tho..What school u go to?
you're welcome hunn !
will this be your broadway debut? :)
I can't wait!
my cat is so pro.
lol uh why ?
Oh laawwdd I over slept <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> how am I going to explain this one
Just booked Backstage Bar in Pittsburgh Oct 21st...please pass on to any Steel City friends and family...thanks!!!
I have the sexist neighbor ever.
can I get a follow and a retweet from the best sport ever?!
We tweet game updates during all men's basketball and football games. This includes home and away games.
RT Follow this MKE Tweep-> : Sales associate for the Milwaukee Bucks
by the way sis! u and i need to do a song or something when i return to east coast.. u are the Light ! lol
That is a well-deserved success. Whispers in the Dark is wonderful & I couldn't put it down.
"I dont think you understand what it takes" - umm I dont think you understand what I got
#Legal #LawFirm #Kirkland_Ellis can save up to $252K per year on toner usage with #green software PretonSaver! bit.ly/n7Q5A8
Where your tweets at? I thought your owner, , was helping u w/your account? If not, will bring u back here
lol dont blame him. got mine in earlier. is james workin?
thanx bro I hate spam more of a ham type of guy lol
we are driving to Chi from Laredo. 22 hrs. I'd rather be Duncan Keith.
Can't wait to open up today! It's sunny and awesome outside.
u know how they be doing trending topics
Guys, here's my impression of Chad right now, "I'm business Chad. Work work work. Phone call."
I'm still upset over the results of #DWTS the other night. And I didn't go into that show liking that person, but they turned me into a fan!
“: #NowFollowing” following back (:
July 1, Cello Fury performs @ Hartwood Acres with very special guest, B. E. Taylor! An awesome kick-off to 4th of July week!
been going on for years. i say let them waste their money :P
Great Lunch and Visit with Jim Goettl! We are taking care of him for you Janie Cooper Goettl - safe travels...see you soon!
Pens haven't won a playoff game since and I have been dating. Looks like we need to break up. I mean that's what you do right
thanks for that shout out on your blog. yall are awesome.
Your Paris-based books work like travel memoirs for me. Do U have a fav of that genre, fiction or not?
Thanks! How did the rest of the party go?
No one can force me to move right now. My brain is fried.
I learned the most beautiful mantra last night.
I hate this frickin' hell-hole. I live in some of the worst conditions out here.
Men alone are quite capable of every wickedness
'Private profit, public risk. Does this sound familiar?'
They're kind of excited about the move... and kind of sad. Leaning a little more on the sad side unfortunately.
Just walked off the stage in Red Oak, Georgia!
Finally watching Iron Man 2
Cute. RT Redundant cat DOES have a redundant tat. post.ly/2W0g1
If people like you they'll listen to you, but if they trust you they'll do business with you. -Zig Ziglar
I'm on the hunt!
Cheap lacefront and fake barbie necklace
Another rough practice
I went to go see Mother Falcon at Seaholm last night and I was so entertained. Who know an orchestra could be so damn good!
thank you (:
no it absolutely does not.
Three powerful words.
Same though has been uttered more than once around my teevee. RT Still wish it had been the Ravens.
yo I want to do a song with you!! =)
Gonna. Look. Into that tomorrow
So ready for prom on Saturday.
so many different views its plain to see jobs are not out there. not sure what is healing in the job market
Woop, we made it! xD were in the middle of no where ._.
Harker Dirge vs. Torrac Hayes is up next.
that means a lot ruby!
okay i'm following her plzs dm justin for me
#dead RT Can't get enough of digital marketing people "awesomizing" themselves? Follow who will Tweet them all.
i agree that companies like Google lack incentive in vamped-up enforcement; i would say that the public interest was also at stake
Accident on US-14 EB near Cross Plains area.
Appreciateing the people around me
Hotel to hotel, girl I could use your company
RT : #revideo Time to go see a client - see you all next time • Thanks for making it great Ted. See ya!
Why do I love the song Call Me Maybe so much? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
At the airport. O'Hare has a freakish amount of American pride
#Eagles got their balls, er, uh Cox, um, uh... You know what I mean
RT : Congrats to Great job by such a special player.
He ignores you, but you like him. He does nothing, but you fall for him. You miss him, but he's not thinking about you. Life isn't fair
What happens when you find yourself needing more than two ears?
thanks for the RT!
They don't want my love. They just want my potential.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> BITCHES!!
Watched Breaking Dawn twice. Great job to all of u. I enjoyed it. U look great even with ur shirt on. Peace!
Happy Holidays to all my friends and family!
Dear Viki, thanks for following!
2nd that! RT : Thanks to all of our followers today on #SMDay! We love chatting with you... let's get social!
Took the lovely Mrs Mesher to Natalie Cole & OR Symphony- Didn't read fine print: she only performs 2nd half of show
Do you like discounts and #deals when you shop local? Then you need a key tag! Wherever you go, discover and save!
If you're mentally tough, a small bag of fresh dog shit makes a decent but short-lived hand warmer on a cold night's walk.
happy new years grande family!!!!!!!!!! Love u all!
please follow me! Please!
Thanks. I love your service, but I didn't set those monitors up. Not sure who did.
that's my girl
Feel that? It's the Big Blue earthquake about to crush your world
Check out my covers when you get a chance. I'm 12 and have been playing for about a year.
Can I combat zyrtec-D with Starbucks?
God changes the hearts of people. Prayer changes the heart of God.
Run of offensive right tackles/guards. There goes Cordy Glenn to #Bills, Jonathan Martin to #Dolphins. When does Mike Adams go?
gurrrrl I'm right down the street from you on Lincoln and Brookhurst!
Heard that. Wow!“: Some out-of-town news that could affect the #Dodgers closer Brian Wilson likely done for the season
lol after her husband basted her
#WhatYouShouldKnowAboutMe I Love to be around positive people
I have always heard people say this. Need to see.
oh my goodness. lol. and thanks! i can't believe that b*tch tried stealing it OFF MY BELT last night. she got too personal. lol
Delay was on MC campaign, but voters still shouldn't be silenced. VOTERS should makes decisions not bureaucrats.
Russell is
I've been trying to avoid skyrim, because I know it will be worse than crack.
she one of the nicest people I've worked with
#np nobody has to know <3
u leaving Friday for Fla?
That is so cute! "Eli did it" and "Coach Tom"!!!
1st at #boston #logan, to ask questions to screen. My question the last time I traveled? "What is your name?" More
It's those who you never thought would hurt you that hurt you the most... .....---
Those people who aren't funny but try to be funny constantly.
Second of said goals has been accomplished. That became a much bigger project than I had expected...
we will just sip out grape juice hahah
omg. that scared the crap out of me. thanks justin lmao :)
She fat her baby fat I see why you getting fat... Thought it was the baby!
Have a Good Evening! I pray all is well with you.....
RT : These "cool" kids now I see they have no future.
Great- I'll have to check it out! RT : If you ever would like lessons for your kids, we are a local, eco-friendly service!
aw thanks. But it wasn't bad. But I still wouldn't watch it on my own lol
Does know about this?
Never heard that one. It makes sense though.
Hell yeah for a 3 day wknd!!
Hey locals, take a second to vote for Fondy Food Market to receive a fruit tree orchard. MKE oldest food market Vote Now!...
lol y and u dont want that fight il win ;)
This is fantastic!!! I live it...I made a typo...I meant to say I love it. I think. ;)
Hey man come smell this, tell me if it smells like Chloroform......hello?
That is the best lawn sign of all time! Thank you so much!
ouch! The legend will grow... Tebow will be starting by Week 7
Tru, dude i feel so guilty !
Bandwagon fandom is the payoff of rational ignorance.
So sweet of you to say! We have learned from the very best...
We all sacrifice for our art.
Great speaking to you dude. Thanks again for everything! EVH 4ever. Talk soon...
Snoozin...fishing in the a.m
Dont like him!!
Gonna knock out in a little. Good night :)
Rush thinks birth control pills are like Viagra.
Old Glory! M, BBQ sauces.
I Thought Ice Cube Had Beed With Debo? Why He up in The Coors Lote Commercial
well I've always hated touch screens & slide cells but when I realized how much u could multitask I WAS IN LOVE!
marco! (Behind the booth)
umm im sure u have nothing to worry about...lol
RT : So impressed by the CMS Young Musicians Concert
Rushing is the worst feeling, ever.
hey you
": Know what would be spectacular? If Anaheim made the playoffs and Washington didn't." Haha, yes it would!
No way is McNabb a Packer person.
AND WE LOVE YOU TOO!!!!
Congrats to for being honored with the National Service Advocacy Award
prolly going to dubchurch. its free and 241 drinks if you wanna come? im going late. i feel antisocial n not dressing up.
I'm with central can you get me in touch with Ali over there for the commercial
Yesterday’s home runs don’t win today’s games. – Babe Ruth
#libchat How many of your libraries have formed partnerships and/or co-sponsored programs with journalists and/or news orgs?
Congratulations on your win !!” #TheMoneyTeam <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Shooting an editorial cover at Hennepin County Medical Center tomorrow...should be fun...big ambulance in the shot!!!!!
AS IF AS IF AS IF CUT UR HAIR.
Just solidifies another reason why I love my job... Freeman Hrabowski - 2012 TIME 100: The Most Influential People in the World - TIME htt…
Prostitute, gardening tool, and half of a Hostess treat.
can you please come down under to australia?! my parents won't take me to england to try a 1D milkshake :(
“: Them girls that be on them shots & don't have a period is gon die early cuz that shit can't be healthy”
Big Data Panel ends!
What is the proper number of "U"s in a yup hashtag?
Not me :( but I'm coming back to teen hoot! Woo!! :D
THANKS 4 THE RT PERRY...T/F/S...
Out & about? Stop by Country Club Estates (Westlake off Bradley, S of Detroit) or Ventanas (Avon Lake off Lear, N of Walker). Open 1-5pm!!!
Hanging up Christmas lights !
I totally thought she had cut out on us and went to sleep!! lol
Subject for todays english class: eliminating passive voice for our writing. I feel bad for
Completely agree!!! RT : There is nothing better then the feeling of completing a solid workout!
That awkward moment when the guy who discovered milk had to explain what he was doing to the cow.
Yes, not as sparkly as the entertainment industry but offers a way to do what I love professionally...
Ditto re:design. RT : . says: humanists, learn to code [...] so tht you can be skeptical & talk to coders well.
Basic hoes get no love RT Fuck the bull > everyone, they're all too basic.
missed you at the cemetery last night, bummer :(
RT "A bird does not sing because it has an answer. It sings because it has a song." Chinese Proverb
Had a dream last night that Fred Durst was chosen to direct a remake of Fried Green Tomatoes. No clue what the meaning behind that one is.
It’s sometimes hard to tell the difference between helping yourself, and what the IRS considers “tax protester” actions
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Plak Smacker Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
From now on, if you "one word" me in a conversation, I will not be texting you back.
nice site.
TWITTER THURSDAYS 2NIGHT ITS THE 4TH OF JULY WEEKEND KICKOFF & JAY Z AFTERPARTY W/ 50CENT CORONAS & WELLS C U THERE!
i followed you!!
Danny Nathan, , from talk about how he is interested in how people gather info on the web, by creating
Can't wait till the fall. Running out of New Girl episodes to watch
Spanish comes from Spain, not Latin America.
Some are ready and some are not. I'm assisting a few in the evenings. Fingers crossed!
Getting an idea should be like sitting down on a pin. It should make you jump up and do something. -E.L. Simpson
Looks fun!! RT Local Girl Scout Troop that has adopted Stanton planned a Science Day!
:( I didn't go either... went to the Magic Summer Tour though.
I love fight week !! Mayweather vs. Cotto. Plus Mosely vs. Alvarez ! Great card great fights! Cant wait. (-: LET'S GO!!!
thank you too!
Steve Kraftchick from School of Theology echoes the idea of using digital tools differently - blog deeply!
i think it's the May/June issue :)
Thanks! Miss you back. We gotta take time to get together sometime SOON
hah! we can do it! shirts for sxsw! :p
Drafting u in all my fantasy leagues, since you are the league's most valuable tweeter..
Join an elite group of Christian Women empowering girls for purpose God's way. Become a Girls Empowerment Coach www.purposeyouniversity.com
News McIlroy leads Shanghai Masters U.S. Open champion Rory McIlroy shot an 8-under 64 on Thursday to take a one-stroke lead
idk how happy it truly is if it's suppose to snow later haha
Odd to San Francisco for Equality California/Equality California Institute board meeting and Awards Dinner this weekend.
Meaty soccer legs.
you mean we can't chat about running anymore? :( good luck in October, I'll be sending good vibes!
I look forward to meeting you - finally.
Remember, the more colorful the food, the more healthy it is.
New maps downloading! w00t!
haha! I'm glad I could help tear down The Four Seasons! Next time shoot me an invite xx
don't worry, I got your back! Just wait few more days!! Have fun at IU :)
yeah that shits crazy.
I'm sure you feel bad,I can really tell.
lol I happy for u two :)
Another night going to sleep w/a smile as big as the moon on my face.
Yay!! Can't wait for Parade along w/ &
Writer friends, read #publishersvsaliens a movie where publishing workers are the last line of defense against alien invasion.
He who has never learned to obey cannot be a good commander. Aristotle
LOL! I love his comedic timing. Brilliant.
"When you try my meat, your gonna like it!" #whoneedscontext x_x
Haha that does make sense. You would get detention as soon as you walk into the school :/
Hoping for another showing in Brooklyn late April early March. Any chance?
Expect the unexpected < Fuck it,Show me my opponent
Thanks for the hook up.
RT : ok everyone come out to the pub tonight for trivia. slim wrote the questions, picked the music and the prizes.
Is having a hard time.. living the good life..
HCR Tip: Health insurance companies now allow adult children to remain on their parents’ policy until age 26.
I think I figured out why top 40 is so popular
Oh no!!! Back to the grind tomorrow!!!
Man! Why did Usher sing OMG? TToTT
sometimes deviating from tradition can bring tastiness. I'm not knocking it till I try it...in my brand new kitchen next week!
wait what did you do in the water & were the exams the same?
Getting married in Boston? See this beautiful weddings photographed by
Starting the new year right with some of my favorite people :)
we'll just do it on
NOPE! RT Ladies: do you like fat guys?
Having inner beauty is something you develop on your own, and I like to think I have that
#FF Our friends at , who will be featuring our snarky Oscar tweets on Sunday!
Not only is it amazing that I'm reading a horror book about running called The Glow...
Now is the time to get going with Laser Hair Removal to be ready for the summer. A med prof MD, DO, RN, PA should be operating that laser!
can't wait to see you there!
Which book is better, We the Living or The Fountainhead??
: Correction...women love The Notebook. Lol. I can identify with it.
Hi Dave! And my Brewers need all the help they can get this season - it's a rough one!
SHOW the evidence of muslim's writings in the Korans with the translations.
just realized I jacked your fav headband
Cleaned kitchen, chopped veg, stop fights, made stir fry, grill chicken, stop fights, make benihana fried rice. 2 hrs work & kids won't eat!
Next project for may be a project surrounding 50th anniversary of Civil Rights in NYC (2013).
"Ditto: I love it when it rains :)"
Thanks for the follow Ben & Jerry's (benandjerrys)! :)
Prepping for the design of a daycare
Does it matter if it's SOA or cloud services? Not to the business - ZDNet (blog) (via )
I believe what you believe have some confidence in yourself and maybe I will to
You're my lover. Not my rival.
Thanks for the follow, Jaime! I lived in Bentonville for ten years.
currently work in marketing / social media / events but am open different opportunities - glad to hear the market is good!
The originals look BEAST! #gottaloveyourfamily ;)
Just because i forgive you, doesnt mean i want you back. Im forgiving, letting go & moving on to something better.
i have my music to listen to now...i'll never get off that swing!!!!
Go ! MT Incredibly rich research on El Sistema-inspired Programs by Eddie Israel. Just WOW!
Most likely get my computer back tomorrow. My email is: . If any wants to contact me or if anyone cares... Bye
ha the brudda anthony got a twitter
Dope!!! Tell him to hit me up sometime, we all gotta hang out soon.
Michael Weinberg, of , now speaking about using disruptive technology (3D printing/additive manufacturing).
Wanna know whats cowardly? Treating someone so badly that they want to end their life.
I love how Russell screams like a little girl LoL.
can't wait to go to the strip club tomorrow!
Hurting is part of growing up ... If you done hurt you don't learn from your mistakes
the Phillies should make Jim Thome player/hitting coach
News on Nestragel, warrant expiration, and a pps over 4.
Enjoying this beautiful day by sitting inside and writing papers..
because I wasn't paying attention? heck yes #ta :) even though its way complex
Hm, how do you know if you are living with a stalker? FYI, not talking about my bro Don.
Hubby & I had strange delayjavue type incidents a few weeks ago like time was moving back & forth for about 5 sec
..even if you don't ill still be proud of you all the same for real...I got love for all mah niggas...i
shrimp and grits, it did change my life. delicious
RT : Come support brandon perry and until 9pm , $5 bracelets
Come on , need a big win tonight in SD.
RT : quoting Zuck "If you're not fatigued from recruiting, you're not doing your job. You're not leading your company"
NBA and NFL lockouts..can't agree on sharing billions of dollars. must suck to not have a clue about reality.
I hate when i walk out of the classroom, and the ugliest couple in school are just making out in front of your locker again. #BLAH. -___-
Uhm.. so, you're voting for Barrett?
Thanks for the rt
i just got my ticket.i kno that ur concert is going to be great.ur AMAZING! i cant wait to see the ustream on friday!!yayyyy(:
I might come to NYC for the weekend :) cause as of right now the idea of being in this city makes me sick. Lol
I love you because you are my #friend and my #shawty :)
This is the worst. My car alarm won't stop. My clicker broke. Now waitting for assistence.
RT ": Step back & look at the big picture"
Need to be less envious of other people and learn to love who I am
Seriously? Men In Black meets Back to the Future?
Reading through the #fundchat transcript on my lunch break, looks like I missed a great conversation!
thanks! I'll email you about workflow
morning *smiles*
listen to poema!! :) you'd like them!
chayyyyy when do you find out?!?! i wanna know who wins >:o
happy mothers day!
Thank you for your support and the retweet.
Took down the cva show today. Starting to prepare for another.
RT : BREAKING: NC voters approve constitutional amendment defining marriage as union between a man and woman
so pretty!
only difference is im going to the braves game the day before the Pack game, but going to Packers/Bears and UW/Utah ST.
S/O TO THE BADDEST CHICK GO AND FOLLOW HER AND WE WILL FOLLOW BACK SHE GIVES S/O
KNOW, The Magazine for Paralegals is now free. email w/contact info. Quarterly e-pub on careers, trends, law.
Rollins and Utley was a great middle infield. Lowrie/Altuve could challenge that eventually.
Not sure attacking individuals is the way to go here
RT : Just realized that today is a Leaping Hump Day. For some reason I find this rather amusing ;) Happy #Leaping #Hump Day!
ZOMG I so predicted that. RT Colts WR Reggie Wayne told Willie McGinest of the Patriots: "Who wouldn’t want to play there?"
Nice job on the shootout as well!!
In class tonight, which can only mean one thing: game of importance for my
Would anyone like a review? I do all kinds. Let me know:
HUGE K by KRod!!
Disagree with Van Gundy. '10 #celtics playing -better- then the '08 team b/c of Rondo, Baby, Perk, and TA's substantial collective growth.
the carphone warehouse hold music is so random & cheesy
Ain't shit to do...this nigga come over talking about we gone do something.
It saves $20K? MT I don't see the value in not awarding some Pulitzer awards. They are awards, are they not?
Being there for people, because you know what it's like to have no one there for you.
How do expert chefs prepare the freshest seafood, from fish to lobster? Rachel dives into the kitchen of Farallon, Sat (7/10/10) @ 5:30pm
this interview was cool i jusT did! asking me about studios in memphis an the old records i got wit DonTrip #throwbacks EIGHTYSWORLD2
"Want to do a cheese and charcuterie plate for app on xmas eve. Made my own bresola and duck prosciutto" - Aj on Xmas menu. CANNOT WAIT
Hahaha well it would awesome as Hell tho.... Lol
HELL YEAH!!!
If zombies could smoke, i bet they would smoke Cohibas...
you got a problem I don't sleep?? Ha
That's my litmus, now--if has links, I know it's verifiable!
In 2012, let's be honest with each other and change the word "insurance" is to the phrase "paranoia-reduction services"
I've tried for months too get him to follow me! Trust me he will eventually follow you! :P <3
dude its a great spot. They did an awesome job with the renovations
None that I know of. It's really a matter of national pride. US #craftbrewers rock!
No bueno hope you have a #Blessed rest of your day RT : Waking up late for school is NOT the business...
Is there a prior 311 compliant filed on this? If so, did they issue a compliant #? Thx! > Re: sinkhole at 21st & 5th Ave
waiting for Sep. 5 to roll around so i can go see at the Tacoma Dome!! XD excited
Really wish I could delegate this part of this project to
Thanks Mary for mentioning us on
Thx! What are your favorite blogs? I find I'm reading too much politics... which does NOT help me relax at all. :)
on giving people useful content: "You don’t want to be the person at happy hour taking drinks and talking about yourself."
I have soccer playoffs coming up! It'd mean the world to me if you wished me Goodluck or anything<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Girls are like phones. they love to be held, talked to but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected!
1920s: Sierra Leonean Georges Goethe brought soccer to Cameroon. 2009: Sierra Leonean brought soccer joy to !
I promise its some ratchett ass nasty bitches in raleigh n thts saying it nice
Having two numbers comes in handy, :p
What my job is: Pie Taster >:) What was my goal: I`m thinking
I don't think ive ever met someone who is like "yeah I'm a hipster"
Missed it.. *Looks at calender*
CNN has a story on the front page about brogrammers. I'm still not convinced it's a real thing. Definitely wouldn't fly in my workplace.
and communications pros agree - if you want your message to break through: repetition and consistency.
For those Browns fans that follow me I have a Browns Inaugural Game Framed Panoramic -September 10,2000 Bengals vs Browns for sale. Get @ me
Agree... turned out to be a beautiful day here in CO :-)
Best wishes to Retty too!
"Do nothing out of selfish ambition, or vain conceit. Rather in humility value others above yourself" (Philippians 2:3)
fuck. my. life.
Gears 3 time. Going M.I.A.
You know Skyrim is in your head when you see stuff laying around and wonder what it's weight to value is worth.
what an asshole. He might be related to the guy who likes to pee beside the B line tracks in Allston.
I was wondering what phone you use? I am assuming you post from a phone?Do u have a broken phone or an international plan?
Thanks for a lovely time at #geekswhodrink tonight: the dubstep TV theme song audio round was awesome...
Watching interviewing Sir Richard Branson on stage at Engage Today 2009.
J. Biebs new song did not disappoint, pleasantly surprised! i feel the need to have a Bieber day with you..MISSIN YOU!
Wintry roads are said to be "slicker than otter snot."
RT : . is hiring a database analyst, a web developer and a .NET developer. Come work with and I! @ me for details
The area forecast of the weather of those flowing and longterm Kingston OK including to high and low temperatures humidity no :-)
give it time. The poor programming and glitches will present themselves
That sounds like a plan Stan, best friend nights are the best! #nodrinksonmyheadplease!
true. I'm thinking about copping just cause. If I don't like them then I'll resell.
Agreed. All I'm saying is that there are several guys that are near Harper status but get no attention.
So many things: storyline, main characters chemistry, supernatural aspect of the show, etc. Did I answer your question?
We like your style Let's be friends. ;)
Your guys' tweets are so nice...makin me a little sad. Don't forget our 7"/EP is coming out posthumously via
Are any of you guys Pinterist members? If so, would you mind inviting Flyline Search Marketing to join? Thanks Mark
Thx for the follow and more!
#nw Behind the Music - Brandy :)
good to know, thx
Drum roll, please.....Are you ready for my pick for scariest book of all time?
Yeah, it seems to me that #goodreads is much more social than #shelfari. I like your handle by the way ... lol.
sunday is for not doing homework but eating a lot more cereal than my bloodstream can handle.
Statement. Statement. Statement. Statement ... Statement
dkjsfdisgfids, lets meet.
By the way, will I lose my job for wearing my Tebow Jets jersey tomorrow?
Relocating is proving to be a huge Street Fighting "hiyundken"punch in the face.
What are those pictures of though? Answer, they are pics of the locos at #NationalTrainDay this past Saturday.
U gotta follow me so I can dm you da info homie.
Winners of Death Cab tickets tomorrow! All three of you will be on will call + 1 (for a guest)
Featured visual artist Michael Jordan gets his inspiration from dreams, and influenced by Rockwell and Dali. Jordan's work is up all month.
True friends are like diamonds, precious and rare. False friends are like leaves, found everywhere...
If you're up doing some early morning FB stalking turn me on. On the air til 10a! ~313.298.9630
Its All illuminati RT : The Devil RT : 2011- Bieber fever 2012- One direction infection creating these viruses!
my sister just made my moms friend cry. LOL. stop being a baby. you're like 40 something. you are crying for no reason lady..
THA and HOSPAC want to make sure its hospitals' 365,000 health care employees turnout at the polls. Register to vote by Monday.
Thanks for the love, Detroit!
YOU GUYS ARE AWESOME!!! I SWEAR!!!
BEDROOM SETS $ 795- Q BED+DRESSER+MIRROR+1N/STAND !!! EVERTHING MUST GO !!! HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
I had almost forgotten how much I miss East Coast thunderstorms...sigh..so different from what we have in Ohio.
Right now,I'm watching TV. Gosh,I'm so bored now.
Though now I'll be disappointed not if it's bad, but if it's not as chock full of WTF as I've been led to believe
Running a show. Boooorred.
Hey , we both just relaunched. Cool.
I know it's way over due for as long as it's been since my brother gave me his guitar, but I finally learned a song.
ah yes...the famous one in our relationship. I get many just because of my awesome, beautiful talented wife
thats two words...awkward
I use bit.ly for the same reason I use many other online tools: I got used to it, it does what I want, my browser knows it.
McGee showin' out.
but it was so much more fun when you were here :) I know you'll be great. Keep me updated.
I know ur gonna knock em out! ;))
First Italian class tonight I'm not nervous. There are no grades. Why would I be nervous? I'm not. Totally cool.
Anytime! ": thanks for being a great tour guide through a dynamic community of dynamic innovators!"
May God bless all the veterans....I am grateful for your sacrifice....
A warm Good Morning to everyone of our twitter followers :) on this fine saturday morning . Whats everyones plans tonight ? Harley x
Been laying in bed for the past two hours #nomotivation to get up whatsoever
I think it's a gift and a curse that my creativity flows after 9pm.
Congratulations to all of the nominees for the Awards tonight. Good Luck & Have a Blast!
mhmmmm good weekend??
Google said to face FTC fine for Apple Safari privacy breach - Washington Post
4 days left until my episode of TnT
#VCU is at it again. Every expert told us how good Wichita was but this looks over. Wichita looks defeated.
Good Morrow Lady Heather ... and You're More than Welcome..
Glad to be in a Twitter class with Kathi Brown AND Karen Sprinkle!!
we support that! :)
Playing the Tap Room at the Langham tonight with Hamilton and Schnelle (7-10), then checking out my buddy Kamasi at the Blue Whale!
they even have birds "tweeting" the updates.
Why did I get up at 8am after heading to bed at 4am? I know this beautiful sunny day! Happiness is crisp summer mornings on lake Michigan!
3 generations of poor living hand to mouth w/o money.It is the( system) not the people doings.Change the system not the people?
Kimmel is slowly becoming my fave.
You are not going to want to miss the forecast on Good Day Oregon. This weekend we'll have our warmest temps of the year so far!
Oh that's true!
an SRO crowd turned out for our final performance Sunday...thanks to all who supported us thru a great run. "We are not finished..."
Yea, no bullshit! lol I'll tell you some of the details later.
Thanks, Aditya!! Really good suggestion - we'll look into having PDFs, esp. for the longer articles. Stay tuned!
RT : Azure boot camp is coming to Tampa Bay. Sign up at bit.ly/azuretb
#seconded : holy hell i'm dehydrated, gimme water
Being concerned of others<U+FFFD> opinions of you is a form of captivity
I have a penchant for intelligent people. Find a smarter person than you doing their thang & take some documentary shots. Nice job!
I like LilBai7 better. Sincerely Rdog19
Why did you get called by security?! Lol
I worry about the stupidest and littlest things that in like 4 years wont mean a thing
PLEASE RETWEET as this may help homeowners who have been ripped off... Thank you.
To "the guy" who wanted to buy me a drink at #SA, I appreciate it...but since they don't sell those...offer to buy my cheesy poofs next time
I'm learning something new everyday
Guess who just has shorts and a sweater on in 18 dwgress weather with snow on the ground? ME
Great #ValentinesDay - signed an apt, #Linsanity continues and #whiskey is a flowing
You're most welcome.
first show in Austin tomorrow! w/jack wilson & robert steel. 8 pm @ flipnotics. So excited!!!!
It was?Why thank you!
Kurlinkus says he "studies hipsters and craft nostalgia." I like this already.
Adopt me. Please. RT : Why, thank you my love. You're not so bad yourself.
we make it bizarre up in here-ah.
you know you like the only person who ever tweet me back damn shame
I'm so old now, I take pills for medicinal reasons.
Tutu time is destined to be a hot ass mess if my dear friends keep having karaoke birthdays.
#FF - great tweeps putting out great content:
hey! Saw you from afar just once ....crazy busy! Next time!
I love the armani opening piece from highway unicorn/govt hooker, can't wait to see it in person! Also love the MTN/EOG Versace!
what's wrong with a Mormon president?
It's been so long since I've had a good breakfast. Sitting here in the office with my kashi bar, dreaming about blackberry banana pancakes.
I am following the next twitters within the next 5 minutes so come on what you waiting for?
chalk art courtesy of
with some post-grunge, soundgarden meets QOTSA stuff
Happy Leap Year!
So I'm going skydiving in Colombia !
Karma- what goes around comes around. When you get yours I will laugh, so don't look at me for sympathy
Kim Kardashian and Lindsay Lohan attended Saturday's White House Correspondents Dinner. Seriously. Yeah kids, I thought it was a joke too.
Great tasting with you today & at #Naperville. and #Belle Pente rocked! Thanks gents!
Okay, no more. I promise.
You'd have to dumb it down to work Mel. Your IQ is too high for them.
Book A STAR for your Next EVENT!!! Send offers with date, city, venue, capacity & budget to
Another gem from Lowe
Rt! Dying to try can't wait:)
Bad ass ENT.
good luck man
New post up as we are T minus 5 days to shooting
I'm having brunch right now. I am opening my bottle of water. M it's nice and cold
yo man bout to take that punch and not recover. Lol
I'm going into labor and mrs davis is having kittens Hahaha
I wanna go swiiiiiming!!! <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I may or may not be obsessed with Pinterest. Thanks, Jess.
. I tried lite while making green curry and you can really taste the difference. I'll never stray from regular.
A sunny Thursday morning Milwaukee, we like it very much! Also, hello to our new followers and friends!
#honestyhour I had a great weekend!(: playinn pool with billy, and family! best one of many comeing!< 3(:
I feel like Prince is going to jump on stage at any second.
Amen to that!! RT The community of strong, caring women I've found online fills me w/gratitude.
hi missy what u up too?
if we can only get you to use the right hashtags!
Love you too babes,so glad to hear you get to see it with us on East Coast feed~!
Hey beautifuls, I kno I said a demo of my new single would be released on Jan. 14th, and I apologize for it. So to make up for it...
Jacketman09 Call Bob 412 973 8262 we rock the universe on jacket at a time www.varsityjackets09.com We rockjackets NO minimums
it has been decided. has one of the best twitter feeds. Never a dull moment.
you shouldn't take classes to bounce your ass - nnenna
Ohh baby are we ever... we're a starting pitcher and a DH away from a world series in my opinion.
All these bitches at my school keep getting the purse I have. What is life
Never thought I would be saying this but........I shouldve kept my black ass in Lawrence. Corny white folks trynna be black disgust me
oh..lol I meant to say him!!
one of the greats was our manager, Ted Williams!
“: ok. Let me know details. I would like to attend.”
Could see #Broncos drafting UTC QB B.J. Coleman to develop behind PM. Coleman patterned his game off of PM, mechanics mirror PM's closely.
well then I have to prepare you for the roars I let it. People have literally poo poo'd in their pantsies
What are the #highered folks looking forward to at #TCEA?
The people on the bachelor and bachelorette show keep getting cheesier&cheesier every year!
We need 11 more, spread the word!
Crazy short visit, arriving tonight and depart Tuesday morning, so basically only one day in the city.
#IfICouldIWould bottle up all the best Vaginas..keep em in a warmer nice and warm..then Have my pick of anyone without the headache
I hope the Wolf deal works out.
you can imagine I am quite embarrassing to go shopping with :)
“My idea of feng shui is to have them arrange the pepperoni in a circle on my pizza” -Unknown
Philly #edtech and #edchat friends, hope to see you at Monday's EdTech Meetup. and panel - should be a great nite.
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 20
RT Of all the horrible ways to die I think healthy eating sounds the most painful.
I might do "Grace" tonight followed by some ring dips and HSPU volume work...
Soccer is back! Brazil vs USA tonight at 7pm $2 beers and $2.50 burgers!
Pumped to see #Medea at Cambridge MCA this weekend. I heard it's a dainty little comedy.
It was so great to meet you yesterday ! Yesterday was totally worth this morning's post-wine tasting hangover.
Good Morning and happy Tuesday!
FOODS THAT HEAL Food of the month teff: FOODS THAT HEAL Food of the month teff ... Eating foods that are high in fibre like teff will...
i Can Almost guarantee she know the Deal real nigga WASSUP !
“: #Taurus can be impulsive & spontaneous. They'd like to be able to do what they want whenever a mood hits them.” :)
Thanks for the shout out !
You probably didn't activate overdrive in the right places.
Sweetfrog and subway sounds too good right now.
Fate fell short this time, your smile fades in the Summer, place your hand in mine, I’ll leave when I wanna.
no part in it.
when do u start? loool Miss Pasely is the head of year and miss Burnaby to :)
Looks like is in testing this am - turn it off .RT : Please disregard my previous tweet(s). I may be drunk
I actually don't. I just refrigerate. The food in the pic is also for 2 ;)
I thought it was good!
BIG NEWS to be revealed TOMORROW!! Stay tuned - you won't want to miss it!!
#follow , a super group of young, community-service minded friends in North Miami!
GayJesus is now channeling a Swede
it works well for me, lets stay positive.
As a fellow night-owl, long todo-list-haver, I am intrigued!
I've been an errand-running maniac this morning, but NOW IT'S TIME FOR INDY AND FUN!!!!!
Jealous? What's there to be jealous of?
YOU LOVE ME! SO FOLLOW ME!
rain, rain go away... wet, muddy, shedding horses take much longer to groom!
I haven't eaten frozen pizza since junior high! I do occasionally make it myself though. Dough and all.
#TWITTERTUESDAY TIME! Say "BOGO" to get a 2nd KEY'S PIZZA FOR FREE when you buy one! Bring a pal and chow! Good 'til 6! (limit 1 per table)
I can't wait to see on GMA tomorrow! :) I'm staying up all night just to watch him and the next day gonna buy Trespassing! <333
Make me >:D
I never have days like this. RT : It's a Dave Matthews and 5 shots of espresso kind of day.
yeah that's the yolo kicking in ha
AH seriously laughing out loud right now.
not much. Just pretty down today. But yeah anyhoos how r u?
Big play Dave!!! Great steal.
Hey , you say something about pie?
Wow - quite a commentary on today re football and head injuries - I will post a link later.,
I formatted my memory card....
Just drag the .jar files into the "plugins" folder
Faculty use picasa to share course images, google hangouts to set up study groups, etc. Interested in other uses for apps.
I hate you!! That's not even funny!! I felt bad for you!! You loser!!! I still love you unfortunately. <U+E415>
same thing happened to me.
Good luck today,
Richie Stephens bringing down the house. 'Tempted to touch' 'Fresh Vegetable' 'Golden Touch' lawd di ting tun up mi stop write for now
Sam get back to school! lol.
uh, uconn not champions, Calhoun is still a cheater. Butler still sucks.
great week fellas #sxsw see ya back in the neighborhood
I'll save it for another time :-)
ya'll pretty little liars haters can suck my dick(:
Don't smoke , but I do drink .
Lets go hawks
Yes, I agree. Strange how we idolize anorexic models, while we ourselves get so obese, real people go hungry...
Hoping and praying for this job....& my new apartment with myKrissy...& my new car!Things are looking so good! Just waiting for finalization
,Good Afternoon
not gonna lie, in a little bit of a mental funk but glad the world's not ending tomorrow.....time to pick it up
Did you figure it out yet that I wasn't? RT : How come you're tweeting political stuff during working hours?
RT : Thanks for opening my mind to new ideas/info over last 16 months. Will put education to use at
Happy New Year All. "Mine goes up to 11!" I hope your's does too.
Is there somebody in your life that you'd like to get even with? Who and why?
I think folks are taking issue because Lyon's example text uses force/violence.
We want to hear from you...What is the most important thing to you, during the car buying experience?
Idk How To Feel Right Now
#Working, #enjoying life, catching up on sleep and trying to ignore the #ghosts that live upstairs lol, you?
HAHAHA Happy Sunday!
RT : As everyone packs up and head out...we THANK YOU 4 joining us 4 dinner tonight! Keep us in mind in the future
Lord, thank you for getting me through the night. A rough one & a rough morning.
What is your favorite song while working out?
It's amazing how the negative or positive attitude of a single person can affect the whole team.
< zipper on a sweater. I won't underestimate the day I wake up healthy, pain free & able to use all my limbs. It was a lesson.
Dinner with the fam ...the only girl besides the grown ups ...*sighs* feeling so lame...erh
Just waiting for the Hawaii vs UNLV Game to start. Passing time by watching Navy vs S Carolina
“: Cows do have best friends and become stressed when they are separated.” awww!
Turn that Keith Sweat On That's Her Sh*t Right There , Get Her Drunk & She Holla n' that's Her D*ck right There .....
warm things to do in #rivernorth!
Still in Macau... Thinking about going to Philippines on wednesday for a small APT tourny and a vacation before visiting Thailand ^_^
Louis: idk Thomas: Anthony, Madison: Naomy .
Haha so how much you loving dumb ass melo now": FINITO."
polly go out and bend some corners in a minute
Weekend ruled. KOL/Black Keys show was a blast. Big win Broncos! It's that time of year when Florida is sun & fun. Great week ahead!
fired on the spot
Yes, tomorrow is the 2nd Tues of the month. RT : Just making sure that tomorrow is your free day? Thanks!
Finaly home!! sitting in bed(:
Larissa and I have gotten on the end of a random line to an unmarked door in Soho ... Details to follow...
Hey, um Austin? I got a question. A serious question. I just might die if you don't answer. Well, um... will you follow me? ;)
what the fuck are you talking about you crazy bitch
Dr Lupo was honored at the Annual Meeting of the ASDS for her service as a member of the Board of Directors for the past 3 years.
Terrific quote. RT "Vision without execution is a hallucination."-Thomas Edison RT
ill send it when i het to simi.. i dont trust the postal service by me with anything
it gave me #goodvibrations. <U+E128>
Are you kidding? Racebox is an amazing resource; I want to design a million lessons with it! Nice 2 see u too, digitally!
It's official: There will be no coverage in Austin of the Rice game. The alumni center will have a CC feed, but that's it.
what's the word on you directing a film?
80's music so early : )
I have decided to take exercising more seriously. Today, I moved to the left. Tomorrow, I go right.
Well, the twitter notifications beeping at me from my phone won't help either :)
#WeWantFrancona #FireLeyland (you don't like it, I don't care. it needs to be done)
welcome to rdio, sir!
good to see you!!! #control today with your thoughts!!! “: Now Following Back !”
With a confident "Get in there!"
Household Hazardous Waste drop-off happending now at 2840 Sisson St. from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
RT : Do not protect yourself by a fence, but rather by your friends. - Proverb
Done and Done!
Ditto. RT : So glad to know I have a Living God who loves me. #thankYou Jesus!!
don't wanna hear your sad songs, i don't wanna feel your pain
Writing a story about the contents of a safe deposit box-scrapbooks from the 1940's of a naval submariner. We are trying to find the owner!
awe no bueno :/ smoke some weed it will make you fall asleep >_<
awesome... good luck :D
Maybe if I play Temple Run for long enough I'll forget about everything else going on.
Who is this moron that you're talking to? The head of the Mississippi GOP?
vacation starts tomorrow! CALIFORNIA....HERE I COME!! =D
Why gotta be a stranger and shit. Man of mystery.
PARTY tonight
ABC's of the Portland Spirit: Z is for Zen; as in come chill with us. Tons of cruises; now if we could get the weather to cooperate!
Tonight!! Trivia at 9! Its free and there are gift certificate and pitcher prizes! DO IT!
The first view of the object of study (illuminated manuscript) was the bibliographic record, not the object itself -Sasha Suda
Had a great time at the "Teen Choice Awards" gifting event, met tons of kids and teen celebrities, they loved my stuff!!!
great stuff! Hope u're doing well, I have a great room in Philly,Dobbs, close to TLA south st. Any time u want in.
Can't wait til I no longer ever have to deal with the crappy
U GOT A PROBLEM WITH ME??? STAND IN LINE....... NEXT!!!
“I've worked too hard & too long to let anything stand in the way of my goals. I will not let my teammates down & I will not let myself down
it's down today...to like 76%!!! My face thing to do is sweat profusely Ina packed hot subway! Ewww
Looking forward to our HH event with you on 4.16.12 at Village631! See you there
Ya next chance to win New Edition Tix is coming up at 3pm with
watch it =D
I need to contact my 20 year old self and figure out how to get bar stamps off my hands.
Moved improved Asterisk installation back to Linksys NSLU2 (slug) with X-Wrt and USB stick. Some reliability issues with Jaunty on Mac mini.
Like we can't find ESPN, ESPNNEWS, PR ESPN.com Cmon man
re:Who says religion has to be peaceful? Ha, a good broom showdown always relieves some stress...
I would be the best dictatorial tyrant of cookieland.
Hate to be "that girl" but I'm so in love with <U+2764>
Got my feet up and I am nearly falling asleep but I think I might take a shower tonight to relax then chill for a while.
Watching NCAA Nat'l wrestling championship!!!
sounds good!! You'll love it!! But I'd try to get it soon if you want it, they take forever to heal!
LOOKING FOR TALENT FOR THE PHILLY SUPERFEST IN AUGUST EMAIL
getting ready for a productive week
casually waiting for to answer my "do you like sushi" question..
At a Federal Games meeting. Discussing human subjects research law as it applies to avatars in virtual worlds.
Welcome back to Chicago Orton. Now GTFO.
When you have faults, do not fear to abandon them.
Listen. I'm alone at a crossroads. I'm not at home in my own home...
haha no problem its my job to make sure you don't loose your popularity mister. hahah jk :P
well alright then
no, go away
Oh no! Mean girl!
I LOVE goulash!!!! Good choice.
#edshow AWESOME actor, but George NOclueNEY politically.
I found it on those papers we got from Newhouse about registration!! I forget what the name is but we should take it!
haha me too! Man I miss touring. Ready to get back out and have those times again
i want to know why is so sexy and how come he's not following me?
I'm honoring Daylight Savings Time in the breach--by refusing to observe it. It's 9 AM EST in my world! Who's with me?
That awkward moment when I need to sell stuffs on ebay just to buy a VIP ticket for my boyfriend's concert..
How many more times am I going to forget where I parked my car!
Listening to and Pete McMurray on
ur icon = flawless
ah, ok, then supercool. What kind of questions get asked?
I like it
did you give the notice to leave ur job??
Just following one more awesome person. Do you like motorcycles? You might want to check out the Ultimate Playboy Giveaway?
I could seriously move into the tasting room, xx
Aww ... One of the cats who lives on my porch used to like to climb trees when she was a kitten.
executive chair reviews | Why Did the US Invade Iraq in 2003? A ...
you're lucky. I haven't been sick that much but it was implied I can't be sick another day. Would love to stay home today.
atleast i have a fun class
What are your #Halloween plans around Miami? Tons of great events going on!
I have a dream, that one day, we will end apartheid in laundry rooms everywhere.
Improving teacher performance is easy, if you think of students as widgets and teachers as assembly line workers.
Watch if your smart.. La la la la la warm it up, la la la la la, the boys are waiting<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
No "luvie" Love is in it so
(St. Louis Bugle) Time, like a snowflake, disappears while we’re trying to decide what to do with it.
I love
The wind keeps blowing the front doors of the library open. Plus we get the occasional person clutching an umbrella flying past the window.
The saga, continues...
Lol where did you find that!!!
Thanks for the shout out! Keep rocking the ancient brews!
RT : At some point today, hubie brown will have to say, "metta world peace". Now. THAT'S a gift!
Thanks for the kind words. RT : What an inspiring morning! It was SUCH a pleasure to meet you
Nope... I'll ask her tomorrow.
Well, hello. It's been a minute.
Collins out for the year...damn. They'll recover, TT and MM know what their doing. Ain't the first time we've lost a star player
Why do you need a driver's license to buy liquor when you can't drink and drive?
Libraries, please help: a nonprofit is looking for cheap/free software (pref cloud) to help track circulation in their library. ideas?
When you're in the shower, and you hear loud thumps and you think "they're killing my family, and I'll have to fight the attacker naked..."
wish i could punch my teacher in the face each time he tells a stupid fuckin joke. makes me so mad.
There the LORD issued a ruling and instruction for them and put them to the test. He said, “If you listen carefully to the LORD your God...
happy 47th anniversary!! God is Faithful!!
feeling major anxiety about making a few phone calls. Unemployed life has ruined my skillz....
mayg is going on sunday and possibly sam!
we are super excited for #flipcon12 and #iste also! Lots to do this summer
Strange how our lives are the spawn of passion but we live them in apathy.
got me a shower feeling good right now
RT : I've been working on a long document in #Word 2010 & found the Navigation Pane View really #useful for moving things...
BH. DM me if you like.
Cum on down and grab you a beauitful lady and a amazing dance! Hookahs available too! We have bottle service too!
3 days to go for our big event.
We're bored. Where's a good day party
I'm a brother shamus!
If you think this is it for the Pens, stop watching. Just stop. You will do everyone a favor. I will continue to support.
I am blessed with wonderful people in my life. Tonight I am contemplating how best to express my gratitude and appreciation.
Hair Care Tip: Avoid puting hair styling products directly on your scalp; if you put it on your scalp you'll clog the pores on your head.
I just bought your Hold On 'Til The Night special asia edition todayamazing!Can't wait to meet you in Hong Kong!!!
#AskRomney If i go back in time and kill my mother before she gives birth to me, what happens?
Headed to Cali to get my Country on!!!
Purchase a 6 month unlim. group class membership for $250. Reg. $474 Offering yoga, mat pilates, cardio & kickboxing. Good until noon today.
“: Twinkle twinkle little whore, close your legs they're not a door.” lol ;)
went to #4 (Farwell) and #5 (New Berlin) today! Gotta keep my pace up or I won't make it!
The guy who is giving the introduction gets an introduction.
chillin, listenin to first love with
we can get you scrapple at home! www.westcoastscrapple.com
hey person tweeting for - I know it isn't your fault, thanks for the tweet though.
You want to start your business on a good note to start it with a bang!
right on
you not in college no more?
So im bored as fuck watchin stae trek for the first time
I love del's. So jealous.
VACA's over!!!!!!! Back to reality!!!! MUUAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
"I'll probably get wasted on hand towel!" -- Girl from "The Sperm Scene" of DEATH, LIFE AND A CREME-FILLED CENTER
im sorry i left without replying i had to go something
The 2012 Greater Milwaukee Auto Show is coming up Feb 25- March 4 at the Frontier Airlines Center. The Charity Gala this year benefits Juni…
who tweets about naps? #justsayin but I still love you lol
Thanks for the follow
I dunno his name. Lol. But it's on jake Townsend status. Lol
i believe you'll get them because you're so personable God bless!
Came to the U.S. w/my parents 25yrs ago and feeling so blessed! Let's keep working so others have the chance to achieve the
Nope. Sometimes I eat only the frosting and never make the cake #dontjudgeme LOL
that's cool
#BigTimeRush is coming to Nashville this weekend. Woot-woot!
I'm having basketball withdrawals.
Last day studying for a highschool final #thankGod but college will be harder yay -_-
": So excited to play Madison, WI at the Jingle Ball with and 12/16! Can't wait to see you guys!
Planning out a cake for Mem. Day since it coincides with the boy's sister's birthday; thinking lemon-angel with red wine glaze
Good Morning
Given all the bad calls and controversies, I don't think anyone can argue that the best two teams are in the finale.
more flaver thats y ... RT How come black ppl always fry everything
Beck wants his daughter to do better in Chemistry, so he's offering her $100 to get her grade above a 90. Good move?
Husband says wknd in Austin will be in "top 3 eating wknds of my life." Starting w tomorrow night (hope will be there!)
Every time I look into your eyes, you make me want to die.
1500th follower will get a special prize, TBA. Follow us for exclusive ticket&audio offers, inside casting info & much more!
Yes, I will be there tonight for WAKA!
Your my favorite reason 2 lose sleep. then your the thing on my mind all day.My favorite reason 2 sleep,So I can dream of u.
we've landed at 12th & G--- in front of Payless
are you guys aloud to use your phones in class? i've watched some of ur Keeks and u guys r using them
Help PLN!Bengals taking STAAR TESTS next week and LOVE Twitter! Please continue to give your well wishes from everywhere!
www.orangeshoefranchise.com is officially launched! Share with all who may be interested in franchise opportunities!
If you dont know what Pogs are then you may have taken a catnap in 1991
Here's to a safe & speedy recovery bro. Remember: The world needs a little #KO in their lives!
Prepping by listening to #fireHOSE. That should work.
YES! is following me #IKnowYouAreJealous :D
Gonna run lines for my one woman show -in bed!!
I'm with you on Peggy, but exploring the dynamic of two people predisposed to a number of ill-fated partners holds water.
My wife asked me what are we going to do tonight? "The same thing we do every night, try to take over the world." I said. Lol
that sounds amazing.
Watching NASCAR Nationwide series
I have a lot of thoughts on that dispute. None of which are pro-Jalen Rose -- one of the biggest assholes in media.
Hi, HB All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
A Validation of the Allergen BioCube Compared to the Environment will be presented at AI, March 22nd.
Happy Hour all night , watch the Bucks, Marquette and Bucky
Going to new Jersey yea!
No rose no problem
Haters Throw Rocks and Hide Their Hands
your welcome ~^^
": My wife had never heard "She Sells Sanctuary" before. Fixing that now." Play her Heart of Soul! Awesome tune
Going to McDonald's to eat my heart away.
ok you've seen my house don't think you want to hire me “: lol i have glasses. Hey i can hire you! Want a side job? Lmao”
Diamonds are not found on top of the ground..
Johnny Rockets!!!
Anybody who chooses CSI over Law and Order:SVU is not my friend
Some how this celebrity bounce back after baby body has become a fact. Ignore the child, hit the gym??
thanks for reminding me...
Don't think I can sleep on my back after this sunburn
give me some wanch!
Waiting patiently at Anchor but I'm abt bored and ready to go home. Patienly waiting.
I think it started with driving, more speed, more deals, more sky, more wheels. More things to leave behind.
The least Ireland could do is make my St. Patrick's snow taste like whiskey.
"there are many fish in the sea" thats great, but i dont want no damn fish . i want a guy.
sloppy GB. just sloppy.
Home at last and feeling free and no obligations for the next three days. I will enjoy it while it lasts.
3x4 feet banner - full color for $60!!!! Ready in one day.
"I can do everything through him who gives me strength." Philippians 4:13
Community has the best ideas; how the hell do they get canceled?!
Found you on twitter sideline.. so glad we did! :)
Can't wait to join the class next week!
Maybe we can kick it when we got time
Some people just don't get it. I mean they just don't get it!
gator isnt that bad...its different...
Don't wish it were easier. Wish you were better. ~Jim Rohn
She means grabbing them by there um bunz!
Note to self: mark this one down to see - she's yet to fail you in her movie reviews.....and write a little more neatly.
Get that feeling someone is watching you? Oh, my dog staring a whole in the back of my head...Time to eat.
Thanks Elaine!
“: fuck bitches, grow potatoes”
RT : MPLS trends: #FrozenFour and #Gophers That's like a shoe with laces, geek and braces,
Sorry to miss #nptalk today, looks like you guys had some interesting ideas!
watching a movie , by myself being a loner . Lol wyd ? I miss you too
Thanks for great talks tonite on growing the use of 3D RT Great night at FARO Conference and dinner
wait DM me you iPod number
Till your time is up)))
I wouldn't mind hearing a bit more thunder. I love these rainy days!
good shit...btw I'm sure we'll talk but wtf is up with Kate dying every other week?
she was born.
#ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing : Acting bad-ass at work when behind closed doors they are submissive, panty-wearing whipped and bound gimps.
Our inventory is full from this weekend of buying! Guys we have more shorts, tees! Ladies, plenty of 7jeans, Miss Me, and lots of goodies!
Are you a HE or a SHE???
I know Loki, from The Avengers, was trying to enslave Earth's people and all; but his hat was super cute.
Tell you what. Both our books are important. We should read each other's books. I'll send a review copy if you wish. Cheers!
Gonna start getting on more often xD
Sometimes packing my bags and starting over in a new place seems like the best idea.
Should come for wings on Thursday and we can talk :-)
you did your best. We appreciate the hard work & effort. Have a great off season & see you next year. # Go Packers.
1st person to call up to our gym right now will get a free day pass to our all woman's gym!! 214-827-5239
thanx for the follow.. I look forward to networking
Reports from #Egypt: Al Azhar Council calls for "bold #Arab action" against the #Assad regime in #Syria".
yes I am, very much so.
You guys travel in style. Time to turn Baltimore's menswear game up to 11.
follow me please i love you so much <3 ;(
Thx for following Absolutely Chicago Segway Tours!
RT : Today I have voted and written dialogue for Spider-Man. God bless America.
Yikes :( - I grew up in FL and have been lucky not to have been affected by a major hurricane…
Watching #ABDC I love this show!!
Lifestyle family session tomorrow. Can't wait!
It was nice running into and tonight!
At karma lounge the homie givin these college kids what they want, tearin up the club.
Goodbye winter break....hello school:/
Blog post prompt for #edcampcolumbus: What is your Monday, 1 year and 5 year takeaways from #edcamp?
Because it won't last. Because they are the knights of summer and #WinterIsComing - Catelyn Stark
Own it ALL, #Adele! Welcome back -- you are Amazing!
Aha deal XD i will have there babies.
Thanks for the follow, guys!
Performing at audobon middle school WATZ UP
+ snack table looked noms RT : Looks like there's a Buell? photo shoot going on outside Fuel Cafe. cool to see pro shoots in my hood
U really believe the Pacers gon beat the heat ? ...lol kill urself
Next time I go to get my picture printed I'm going alone!!
One Direction. ( I like that shit) <3
you're awesome.
are you available for an interview today at noon PST about your article on Issa
nothn crack a lackn at 3 in mornin', besides u. I just woke up 2 lol, the margarita had me sweating lmao.I see u have instagram
so tell me about this Anchor-1 project? any website giving background? ...wait a sec, was that your MICA thesis????
Ruby Lane sellers, this Friday is green listing day in celebration of Earth Day! List at discounted rates. I need more time...
Home sweet home finally made it back to da states... had a blast in da Philippines can't wait 2 visit again!
My younger brother left three foam swords in the trunk of my car. I'm not sure what they were for, but they are awesome and mine now.
Isn't Victoria Walsh only 12
Heck yeah! Just scored "Guerrilla Marketing for a Bulletproof Career" from !! Pays 2 ask silly ?s
Waiting.... I am so bored! Hurry up!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Our pleasure, and thank you again for joining & Klaus Lang in helping to make the event so memorable!
Happy Belated Bday to the ! You rock!
Do hope you recover quickly. Just take it slow at first. *hugs*
Coming to Suwanee to do a last minute acoustic show this Friday at Cheeky! This will be an ALL AGES show! Starts at 8:30!
RT : Good Facilitation is like jazz. You create 'new notes' of learning and insight in the moment.
thx cousin. hope all is well
They're legal - I checked! : wants to "host" a indiana ice hockey player so she can have relations with him.
Wishing everyone a happy and safe July 4th holiday. Thank you to all our troops now serving and our veterans who have served our country!
Happy 40th Birthday Kerry looking forward to seeing you this weekend...
Every Egyptian I know who lived under Sadat's presidency says when asked about him: "Sadat was a very intelligent man." No more, no less.
There's one "Photographer" in every group of friends. Usually a girl, always has a camera, and her portfolio is all over Facebook.
please god no. i don't want tebow.
o wow. I cooked nothing. U better look n see
Thank you, , for hosting a screening in Los Angeles (.)
I'm guessing the first is xmas?
So, Grayson & Ben...sounds good. Are you going to be mean to little Benny?
My mom's gonna be so pissed when she finds out I'm getting suspended.
We'll be live at 11 with #APS parents last minute pleas to keep their schools open before the Board gets redistricting proposal tomorrow.
charging a fee for using our debit cards? Really? : (
Leave us alone!
Santa gave you ugly boy as a christmas gift. :)
scholar mode central today at watson
Why is everyone blaming CL&P? They seem to have a large force out there and are making progress. If you don't like it than fix it yourself
Common goals and visions along with holistic empathy helps teams perform at high levels -Akshay Sharma
Great panel thank you all for attending!
Thanks for following
Congratulations on the new car! I own a Subaru Outback, myself. Love my Subee!
Whoa. Stage moms and dads EVERYWHERE!
I'm so refrigerating bored in 2nd period. Someone text me :)
ehhhhhhhh RT : Interesting. Bears fans what do you think? MT : Forte for Welker and Bears get a 4th round pick. Win Win
New York City would make an excellent GTA 4 theme park.
The Cubs' Ian Stewart just struck out on a pitch that was practically rolled on the ground to the mound. <sigh>
Step Right Up... Step Right Up... The Carnevil is coming...
He was the last straw!
come on by and see us!
What will you do today to inspire change?
Guys follow my thoughts
There's always that one person that will always have your heart
bring.it.on!
I can't even began to think what a Stephen King band would sound like. It wasn't Pennywise was it?
told liked #props & that the cast did eachother how they saw the others. She thought it was a fun episode.
sounds fun!!! I miss u too! I'll have to hear some of your stories when we get back to school.
Yes it's true indeed, Lily is such a smart kid.
i wouldve forgotten.
If anyone knows any 99-04 mustang GT's for sale let me know!
Watching Jack and Marty go back and forth is a real treat. These are two amazing
Prof. Christopher Long talking on trust, "you cannot lead unless you are trusted."
I'm glad that you get to see your bestfriend now though! I want you to spend as much time with her as you can :)
Hate to say it but game 7 SOB
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; skill is knowing how to do it, and virtue is doing it. ~ David Starr Jordan
Jealous of your Thermomix! And that toffe ice cream looks amazing. Plus, can't remember the last time I had soft serve. :)
Good try Vols. You guys played hard.
Gotta half hour left then I'm out this bitch
Having no homework is honestly the best feeling in the world.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net when baron Davis comes back how much of a boost will he give the ?
I'll be spending this summer in Nashville working for The Black Keys lawyer.
Listening to Walter Isaacson speak on Steve Jobs right here in New Orleans.
Feels good my mom came and seen me today at work!!!! What a surprise
Trust me u don't won know studing for history test is not fun!
: I found it at Meijer either last fall or maybe 2 years ago :/
Joey!!! I Love You All Equally. FOLLOW ME!!
Creepster with the avocados just whistled at me and when I looked up, smiled (whilst still giving unwanted advice). CAN HE READ MY TWEETS?!
#NF LOL I see you I b ducked off on here
TikiDolls, shout us out or mention us and we will send you a promotional code for a 15% discount on your entire Tiki purchase!! (:
Ya should do that in heartbeat homey.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail -
Amy set me up on a tragic date last spring & never bothered to follow-up. I would <3 to Guest Star & stir up some drama!
At the courses<U+0092> conclusion, more than 10 participants advanced to the level of Expert-1
45minutes and i have cable yay!
Austin has real talento. RT if you agree
It's such a secret place, the land of tears.
We aims to please! Good luck with your search!
This place is a jungle. No really, it's an actual jungle.
So far is the best iPad app I've discovered. Easy to add recipes from multiple sites and keep organized.
Such dramatic music.... Play something to get this crowd pumped!!
What a great day, it was a hot one, but I am so proud of !!
and, that's a wrap!
Need a reason to get froyo today? Today being hump day works fine.
Merlin Mentors presentation outline complete! All ready for the meeting tomorrow! Madison rules for starting a company!
In need of some catfish,grits, and eggs...
Breaking in a new pair of Rainbow sandals hurts. Shouldn't there be people I can pay to do this?
Yer still a June Bug behind the ears, Ryan. And I vote for the Gordon Plan.
PDX join us tonight with & for his single release. And tomorrow with For reservations contact 503 484 5959.
Just wanted to let you know Fight To Win is inspiring my battle against cancer. I listen to it every day on my way to radiation!
Giveaway Alert: Wear Your Music Guitar String Bracelets! Celebuzz is giving one lucky reader the chance to rock some cool accessories —
Rise N Grind!
I hate crossing guards. They take their jobs way too seriously!
thanks Jon, I thought hard about them so that means a lot to mean :-)
Purely from a sports perspective, would u consider yourself a conservative or liberal?
had such an amazing belated birthday lunch today with Beth -Their butternut soup is delish! What a treat!
Watching Pirates & Mets at PNC Park!
I know its hard tho but thank u
was it just me or did it like it took YEARS for the blitz to arrive?
Sir do you know how fast you were going? Well I'm getting a ticket so obviously not fast enough.
when you get on, I hope you see this and decide to follow me!! I love you so much! And you are a great role model. After lax<3
Hey guys i just wanna say thx 4 following me and #teamfollowback :DD
watch your mouth paul!!! Glee is the shit!
i know, i know! i'm just bummed that he gets to go to Vegas and see Britney and I don't... i'll be nicer :)
#tarantulas aren't great for cuddling. (Clearly.) But not because of danger to the handler. The tarantula just cannot handle stress
Im deff recording extreme makeover home edition on dec 2 everyone tune in to see
Thanks for the #FF -- have a great weekend! Will try to make the CD launch.
fuck a research paper for william shakespeare -___-
miss ur face bro
wikipedia says for pitching
If we get rid of one tax, and replace it with another, that hardly seems to being about a change!
This lady is really eating dirt like its candy (-__-)
just the one, my wife :-) We loved Nashville, though. If only I'd known N.T. Wright was going be there just days later.
She says I'm obsessed with the album...uh yeah!
WTF COME TO OREGON! :( :( You're ruining my year right now.
Thanks you! Lots of movement today & I'm told we'll have #shortsale approval tomorrow! Thanks for making this MOVE!
Congratulations to Ryan Braun for winning the N.L. MVP. Well deserved!
Beyond Scared Straight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
wish i could find a bestfriend that liked one direction,iconic boyz,jb,tumblr,dancing&being stupid ,smh. i should just clone myself.
Now listening to" KIX live @ college park MD! " #old. #kickass. Sadly I remember being at this concert!!
All UC library reference desks are on point!
I'm sure you do. We unemployed don't have that luxury...
You look adorable in your pro pic, sissy. ^_^
TWITTER!! Doesn't it make you happy just to SAY it??!!
Good: Eating one 1/2 calorie serving of dessert to be health-conscious. Neutral: Eating two. Bad: Eating three. Or more...
": There is *NO* excuse for cheating in a relationship. NONE."
RT : Check out AMAZING interview with the ELOQUENT www.bit.ly/ffFM3
I knew that, and I'm an idiot anyway. I love the Dark & Stormy so much
Closer than you thought ????
oh my god thank you thank you thank you! Oh my god I love you! Lol
MT : I am proud to have been w/students & faculty who brought passion & emotion to
Really?? Yes, we now have random followers from us saying things. How funny.. but not for you love! ;) That is kinda creepy tho
Is love at first sight real???? Cuz if so then im in love hahaha :P <3
I now declare my favorite restaurant.
thank you for the RT. :-)
Thank God, I am not poor! I would hate to know that the potential GOP president "is not concerned about the very poor", as Romney stated.
Wow more snow just what we need
Do not want to get out of my bed!!! I'm so sleepy! My God I am :( ;(
OUT FOR A WHILE.....
will you and Vanessa be in DC may 4?! Please say yes!
NEVER AGAIN
A cassette Walkman just fell out of someones pocket at the gym.
RT : We gave access to all of our many stories. No one is hiding. So much for no spin. Thats...
I can't wait either! :)
Is there a silver bullet that will kill sloppy metaphors?
it's crazy how you can go from silly to super real in no time. <3 it's awesome(:
Amen, on the runway, dressed in his vest. Amen fashion, on the runway, work it, Black Jesus.
Tomorrow play at ! Doors open at 4:30!
thanks! We're dedicated to building a world class business in WI, and happy to see the state of WI supporting innovation!
thx! keep spreading the word! call 720-440-CSOL or to report problems with bosses and landlords.
No, Ma'm, don't matter. To quote Will Rogers, I never met a pie I didn't like.
Is it wrong to judge someone's date-ability based on how useful they'd be during the Zombie Apocolypse?
Watching Fight Club with Mom and Brother Tony. I wanna be Tyler Durden.
2011.09.26 #Pirates 9 #Brewers 8 | Lackluster pitching / means missed opportunity / down to the wire!
something something nananana
Guess exploring the India Mkt. maybe its vac since they were in the area OR looking to outsource their IT lol.
Cool! Went to middle school together. Hope you're well!
I suppose disembodied spirits don't always observe the quiet car rules.
Thanks for the mention!
Robin's in NYC! Follow her to see what she's up to
I woke up late this morning... Wish I could have stayed right there all day. I really love my bed Smh that probably sounds lazy as hell
Cy not cry. Damn auto correct.
No doubt, quickly approaching bubonic plague proportions. RT : AIRBHG has now claimed more victims than cholera.
Intergalactic planetary, planetary intergalAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! Final Transmission, Wing-It, 8pm.
EHR Project Management Software Designed for Do-It-Yourself Physicians
in north carolina
are you getting a second job at target?
Dreaming big today..Happy Thursday.
Oh! Im intrigued! Btw I find it ironic how Memphis frightensu Gusgus, but u love Madea. lol
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> LOL!!! Guess so...not a normal convo you hear at a RE networking event...just sayin!
This Friday, Friday the 13th, all our artists are doing $20 "13" tattoos. Lots of designs to choose from!!
My heat issues continue. It's supposed to be 80 today. Waterfront run might be in store after class.
I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, money, money. I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, wear Reebok.-- Shaquille O'Neal
so concludes 5hrs of pretending like i'm studying and 2hrs of baking. continuing my "no sleep" rule this week and writing this paper.
It's always awkward when you go to get a pedicure and then when they massage your legs you realize you haven't shaved in a while.
then get glasses loca “: Everyone always thinks im giving people bad looks.. Im not i just have bad vision i swear! Im nice lol”
Right, but I just mean have the audience not include kids. ADULTS ONLY MUPPETS.
It takes 2 mins 35 seconds to rock 100 times in my rocking chair. Sigh.
Eh! No cuss me bo do ya I beg!
dang u Finna give a nicca the boot hahahaha while u at work Ima need you to look up a flight
The pure futility of trying to find a taxi in Paris at 2 AM is a special kind of depressing.
What are some of your favorite websites, and why?
Why is it that the older you get, the harder it is to leave your family?
Uh, School Can kiss my Ass ! i'm going back to sleep . (: God Morning Though !
making your poster (;
Did you know that the highest incidence of twins are in Nigeria? They think its in the yams :)
I need a twitter bestfriend since my old ones never talk to me.
I love how there's great music every night you go out. Doesn't miss a beat. Everything else is 2ndary.
Spidey here, I just got my twitter!
Part of me says run for nomcom but part says screw it run for secretary. Will ponder and run for something
#NowPlaying One Thing
Great Taz, hope to see you there!
When does #worldwarz come out?
Ridicule? Mocking? Never!! Well, maybe not never... :)
#mbta should consider using a different cleaning stray in their T's. Body order isn't working.
Be careful #OKC doesn't show your #Lakers the golf course!!
Business opportunities are like buses, there's always another one coming. – Richard Branson
Hey, do you want the Wrestling Varsity Highlights DvD?
Those are actually kinda hot #ifyouknowwhatImean xD
Quick question...when you attend a BSO concert at the King Center, and you live beach side....which causeway do you take?
Brought #PYHU and can't wait to listen to it 17485636472578584889 times! :D
Dad is letting me drive his sweet ass car. Nice ^.^
Off 2 cover the traffic mess created by the Pres Obama's visit to Chicago - look out hyde park, lakeview, uic hoods!
what makes them polar opposites? Tebow is boosting the Broncos confidence in themselves because of his drive, passion and ~
"Don't ask don't tell" policy lifted today!!! Yayyyy!!!!!!
WOW ! "Like This" is stupid... whole cd has knockers
Thanks for sharing that. I remember those days, and prices. I was 18.
Feb = lilac. Maybe the descriptions are a BIT idealized. But... lilac is my favorite smell! M spring time!
ok well broke the story so it must be true smh……
oh just saw him and he was talking about you
...and their twitter account doesn't exist anymore. #workcutoutforus -->
yeahh dawg! Lets slay some dragons! Ok sorry i had too. That was my last time. I dont like pedro. Im done.
Two days down: so far so good. Lots to learn though!
when you try your best and surpass pain,but You feel like you are not getting anywhere
Yes! This was originally a banana, then a ghost (halloween), now hot dog! So thrilled it's still up!
Whsbeusjwjwyeh RT : Soon as i make to 170..I'm blocking all you ugly hoes
Keep. Even if you only tweet once a day, it's a good resource :-)
you seem to very busy!;) hope that book is treating you well..it sure treated me good!
Nope, its a 24/7 opportunity!
what a great week!
Stan going to be surprise when he sees me along with the rest of my classmate. I told everyone I wasn't coming lol!
#MichelleWiliams just hit the #RedCarpet, and I'm falling more in love. Her red dress is a perfect compliment to her body.
So I'm officially jumping on this band wagon after being convinced by several friends. Hope you guys know what you started!
If at first you do succeed....make sure you aren't low-balling yourself...it is easy to succeed when you are aiming for mediocrity...
is the kindle still worth it if it can't download books anytime anywhere? That to me is the whole appeal...
Please follow :) and RT
I AM THE KING OF THE VIRGINS okay goodnight jk keep talking to me
get the fuck outta here. Good coaches don't need talent
I ask because I always stop at Churchill on my way back to Chicago.
you use to be a nice guy, why all the hatred, you know if you where more nicer to others, others would be nice to u
Can you and Teller make our government and the whores on Wall Street (the ones inside) disappear?only magic will save us now..
yes, I'm still at school. I'm on Twitter cause I got it like that. Lol!
lol sorry dude im lifting. but thank you, i am honored for the invite! xP haha.
i would but I don't have one;/
is it possible for something to be "somewhat ridiculous"?
It's Friday, betch.
#FavoriteLyric I sweat juices
i just really like bubble wrap.
Mechanical bull + a line of beautiful women in NYC .... Good way to start my weekend
so jealous!
Listening to Look At Me Now makes me miss :(
PickUpLine: I'll suck you so hard that you'll have to pick the sheets out of your ass when I'm finished.
Roses are red, violets are blue. I follow Liam, will he follow me too? :) Hope your twitter starts working!
Don't judge me by my past, I don't live there anymore.
Anytime Scott! GOOD LUCK!
not much just here at school finishing some hw!-_- and you?
Will be on my way to #NOLA later.
My back feels like a thousand daggers.
Miss Earth India Hasleen Kaur detained in Mumbai airport for smuggling!
#Star penny not safe in her kitchen or with her kids
Thank you!!!
So excited for grand opening on Saturday. And it's my b-day too!
"x = .24576435" "can I have some H2O? "What's H2O? "WATER!" << so freaking obnoxious can't you jus say water?
Why is everyone fighting with she's so sweet. Like wtf is wrong with people nowadays?
Asumaya this Friday at Coffee House? I think YES! Asumaya live THIS Friday w/ Chants & Glacier! Don't miss this!!!
Nice one in by Paul Scholes
What did you think of Ringer this week? I loved the homage to Hitchcock's Rope.
Napping with v on a Sunday afternoon. nothing better.
I need my eyebrows waxed...
Thanks for being awesome!
Plus I got a whole city to hold down.
thanks Chihuahua!
BUTT of course ;-)
Sounds about right! :) RT : Finally made it to Probably going to sleep shortly
If you want to #feelalive why not invite some friends over for a bbq in a brand new
Will 13 have to put up their files this year?
Fa sho. And yea arguing sux
Hi Eva! See you Wednesday!
Oh man I forgot to put my piercings back in . Well this is gonna take a while -__-
Today in Invention History: Constitution of the Confederate States of America est. a Patent Office, 1861.
Will do!
'Cause you are beautiful just like a purple sky<3
Sadly, I think Senior-gee might be the most exciting part about Bucks game tonight.
Wish my mama ain't have to work today
I want to thank everyone that's doing some holiday shopping ! We have lots of great NEW stuff in for gifts or for yourself!
today is the day that I've been watching your channel for a whole year
Hey! Next week in San Jose is our 3rd Free Friday! Come and #cowork with the best of them at NextSpace!
Should I use the contact form on your website? DM me if you prefer another way
pretty sad my own boyfriend doesn't follow me ;) that should change. #followme #ILoveYou #<3
I'm amazed you remember that old Statesman as CEO series at HBR--no one else does!
i preordered on itunes, it just came out.
Luckily, If a black cat crosses your path at Gemini, it's probably just Lani in costume
#FridayReads is GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO, finally. I know: way behind just about everybody else in the world. LIke it lots, BTW.
Melvin answers with the ft line leaner, trail 66-65
watching live:)
Because crabcakes, chicken boxes, and half and halfs are better than CHOWDAAH 1pm Sunday.
#ifonly you know I would in a heartbeat <U+2665> (:
join me in this game? i fuck like a microwave, its ok in a pinch but in the end its not healthy and everything ends up dry.
nice case! how is the ipad working out for you?
Headed to Milwaukee for the night cause there ain't shit going on in Kenosha
Why are you replying to a post about the dream act in CA with an ad for a restaurant?
I'm pretty good, so what's up?
I wish y'all were staying an extra night. SOHO? Haha
Nothing like a mid-day nap
If your tv doesnt work+you don't mention it 2 the crew but you mention it on Twitter, JetBlue catches it and makes the fix anyway.
Great win! A classic!
I also want to go on record as having called this outcome (T-Mo denied, QCOM approved) about 6 months ago. Just sayin'...
Thanks to all new followers ! , ,
This fall's presidential election will boil down to good (dems) versus evil (#gop). The country is not as evil thinking as the gop believes!
RT : Come on, CA! RT Gay Marriage Legalized In New York State bit.ly/kIp7OF
Thanks man..
I want a good game! I want competition. This isn't fun to watch. I'm gonna watch Space Jam instead...
Dr. Swanson Delphi study: 100% consensus on needing constructive feedback to have e-connectivity with your students
Anything on county board district 18?
There's a harp!
#weneedacurefor #cancer. An estimated 12.7 million cases? Probably more? I say let's make that number 0--together.
RT : More comedy tonight ! Comedy Revolver is tonight at 9 - join us for a mix of stand-up and improv!
Need to sell more on ebay. No monies
waazzzzzup? Follow me?
Can You Follow Amalie and I please .
My Oscar® Pick, Best Documentary Feature: Paradise Lost 3: Purgatory
I knew I liked you, Crowder.
#KENTUCKY Top 5 no doubt about it. Hell, our whole team's not even together yet and we're top 3.
That is so "sweet". Showing your intern some love?
fair enough, was more looking for expanded opinion from a #ff than random tweep
Judging from the Twitter stream - the audience should debate this :)
What a life! I will not tell a lie: I would love to join that family business. xo
I missed the bar code in the #CNNdebate. I couldn't pull up my app in time.
Doing some research, tell us about your favorite Milwaukee area fitness groups.
According to my calculations, you've tweeted about once every ten minutes since you got this account.
Nothing like a teacher doing a lesson before the final...
The Hole is so fantastic! We got cowgirl boots!
Make a decision to be successful right now.Most people never decide to be wealthy and that is why they retire poor.~Brian Tracy
“: Oh, you get paid in Trident Layers? I get paid in pussy.” larry?
Don't worry #Milwaukee... It's not a storm.. God's just punishing Milwaukee for how bad we've played...sorry guys
Anti-marriage equal. folks already put "gay marriage" into vernacular. So they still have "marriage."
hi there! (^_^) which corner of the world do you call home?
Dear baby: you know how I went back to work last week, and your sleep continued sliding to hell in a handbasket? Quit it. Love, mama.
brrrrr why did you have to get the forecast right.. And it's not even cold out yet !
*Follows both of you* \(^-^)/ RT : Obviously hasnt met and i~> RT : Greatest comedians in the world:
RT : Each of us has a flickering flame of truth in the center of us. We just know what is right and true for us. :)
I've bought more shoes in the past 2 months than in the previous 2 years
Anybody know what is happening with the #NBA and #Celtics? Have heard no news about talks or anything for some time now
get it done, dude! let us know how it goes!!
take it as a compliment! Lol
You Good over there?
baby has some curly wurly fries stuck to his head!!
I don't know how my friends have so many tweets ! I barely passed 300 aha
if Oceans had a Wi-Fi worth a damn I think I would have moved already, lol. Why did you not like Vancouver?
I need to go to bed but I'm not sleepy..Uh-Oh..It's gonna be a long night..
Tonight on 12 News at 10...the Summerfest race director answers our questions about insufficient water for runners Sunday morning.
It AIn't a Crime to be good to yourself. C'mon Right now, Lick It up! ~ Paul Stanley of Kiss
I'm on my way out now. :)
Safe to say my boyfriend is the bestest. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
llah them hills are no joke I run and back pedal upthem for better footbwork
At a 9am press conference for the St.Anthony murder-suicide. Updates later on
What other museums are using TMS for collections? How has it changed your museum?
Just received a 2 hr massage from a friend in massage school. It was fantastic!
If you sext, do you get a phoner?
Stage instructions for how Mr Collins is to speak: twitteringly. It is not a term created as a result of this site. Just an FYI.
I just made my bed. Ya wana help me mess it up again?
That was a damn fine episode of Mad Men.
Tell us which one is your favorite song and why...
I killed a spider that was reallt creepy with a can of air freshener i shld have sprayed it... But i smack the shit out that creepy thing!!
Got a lot accomplished today! Still wasn't able to complete my WHOLE "to do" list.
It's word jumble day! Today's word is "chelud ed cehel". If you can figure it out correctly & say the word at U-Swirl, you get 50% off!
#Mint for iPhone redesign looking minty fresh. They do too good a job with alerts. I know I spent too much in clothes and gas this month!
Freedom from oil changes!
Happy birthday Best Council Representative for Point Loma EVER!
Back from a team meeting with Cyd to powerfully create the first quarter of 2010. It's going to be huge! Thank you, Cyd!
IIGHT JUST TALK WITH KEVON ABOUT THE STUDIO BUSINESS...
so much to do in such little time.
all moved out!
Sitting on the couch, listening to Coldplay's new CD...just being.
Haha! Here's hoping we still have our FOL meeting tomorrow :)
Cant sleep -______- since I slept all day. What a suprise.
Hint, hint ... We have our Fuji dressing in bottles!
I'm kind of hoping a meme starts where people photoshop Sarah Phillips into pictures of historical events. Then she steals the site.
I hate people who are concerned with the lives of others and not theirs :(
I am sad.
Prefix-based, according to agency. Lots of colons and spaces. I don't miss that.
Quote of the day: "So last night I was practicing my cannonball" Thanks Sean.
if by successful you mean make Koch bros richer and con't killing off mid-class, then yes, he'll do just as well as BO & Walker
Thanks Bruce. Nope I'm good. I just find your tweets interesting and uplifting. Take care.
For some reason i was watching glee then started screaming at the preview for next week……… the tortured wmyb!!!!•O•
its time for me to cook now enjoy the rest of your night
"I hate this photo, I'm so ugly!" oh of course, that's why you uploaded it. -__-
You learn to like someone when you find out what makes them laugh, but you can never truly love someone until you find out .
Good Morning , Happy MLK Day, How should I submit the tracks?
I'll be back at Spaghetti Warehouse in Dallas on Saturday with some fresh ideas for the show.
My book is out in June: Showdown at Shepherd's Bush: The 1908 Olympic Marathon and the Three Runners Who Started a Sporting Craze
Nice to meet you today at the callback... Thanks for having me !
Still in the lab at 2am bout to pass out
From the really bad TV news file: A San Antonio news anchor this morning pronounced the word Braille as Bray-lee.
": I bet a good 99.9% of all OKC fans never knew they were once Seattle S.Sonics LOL just first game chill" couldn't said it better
Enjoying a mediterreanean buffet in downtown Houston; yummy!
Loving seeing Fred Couples tied for the lead, and no feline in sight.
how many of the good works that were sent out before us do we miss because we were focused too much on ourselves? ephesians 2:10
I feel an issue is male ego sexist in the MLS from owners to management
Lol , that would have been great to have those seats but at least we're going to a concert
I'm ready...just watching this.
The horse is a her, but point taken!
Heather, GREAT to see you're at Digital Live, I've had my AM run along Embarcadero & coffee so I'm set! -ChrisV
Them h**s can't block my shine
I'm looking for an inexpensive lawncare service or an entrepreneurial kid with a lawnmower in Harford county...Time to tackle spring.
A reed before the wind lives on, while might oaks do fall
People know the rules. If Lights wants to start a forum thread about her relationship, then more power to her, but not our biz.
It's time to improve my twitter page...it bores me.
Did you really just make Machiavelli and da Vinci protagonists/action heroes of a novel? Really? You did that.
The only thing is they let that stuff happen last yr.
it ain't got much in its favor!
I think I'll start mass-producing pens in
Macullay just walked right behind and I. I got a little excited!
hey dude I'm a new YT subscriber
LOL "insanely stupid code" ... "learn to use semicolons" -- I love Crockford!
no the fuck I don't you fuck clown
I already been listening mane!!!! Happy for you! Tryna send you the album with"Show Me" on it!! And see if you can come out in JAN
Just signed a new client dealing with the (positive) issues of hypergrowth. Seeing several companies with 2x and higher revenue growth.
not sure how to insert "arching streams of jim" into this conversation without seeming gauche.
Ladies and Gentlemen, Ms. Elizabeth Freeman in the house.
smh lol it means "since you eat pussy you is a pussy"
my dad thinks Victorious is the funniest show ever.
I'M GOING TO LIVE FOREVER! Or die trying. :)
How many guitarists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 7. One to screw it in and 6 to say they could do it better.
Anyone in the #marketing or #socialmedia realm use #evernote? My work is looking to use it for our marketing team!
Wait, Katie is short? I never pictured her as short. Not tall either. Just average.
I found mine and it was al red and I got a new ipod I'm about to put 11:11 on it(:
Can't wait till you all can hear the new song!
It's about the branding, it's about the intent, it's about the communication. Customer Service and Social Media session
The people who dream are very often the people who see, and dreaming and seeing precede doing. – Margaret E. Sangster
Don't blame Torvalds. After all, these English words should be used by someone, right? :-)
sat in bed writing your letter with my hair up.. The hair'do you should never do! :P hahaha <U+2665>
RT G-A-B-E gonna get you high!
the septum one o.o
It's a business venture gone bad, and kids get hurt because of it.
So stupid. On that note, Goodnight.
how are you getting sick?
Thank you for finding the leak...10 wet boxes later.
Boy Meets World >>>>
[Ben's Beers] Sierra Nevada Ovila: awesome wannabe trappiste. 10.4%. Carton Brunch, dinner, grub: New NJ brew, glorious with a burger. 6.6%.
Dear Yankmees fans. Thank you for the contributions to the sign Adam Jones fund. Now leave.
Go Peggy! I knew deep down she was a hoochie.
If I was married and zayn wants me I guess I would have to get a divorce because I'm in love with zayn!!<U+E022>,<U+E022>
Dayna. U r being followed :)
I just got tickets for both Springsteen shows in Boston AND Vernon, NY in August :)) ... yeah, Im crazy like that !! Who wants to go ???
MT “: Good Luck to all the youth athletes' competing in tonights Pitch, Hit & Run Event!”
Finna wash my girlfriend hair haha
4 2 speak of #marriage as b/t 1 man & 1 woman is PURELY #political. #Mormon "theology" allows 4 #polygamy or 1 man & many women!
": Mine was too young to know any different, but dread the day we have to face that again." Jake is 11 its gonna be rough
I don't know my Klout score. And it's gonna stay that way. [Sticks tongue out at screen]
woe nz. That's intense. I want to go and take the lord of the rings tour. Also we are going to this place called monks kettle
Got class at 10...ugh
Today in Invention History: William Flemming patents a player piano that uses electricity, 1899
Looking forward to tomorrow's game!
Goodnight, love you all.
I'm down :p
In other news, I spilled my Guinness on a guy and he was super nice about it. Thank you, whoever you are, for not being a dick.
Regarding working out Couch<Wii<Bike<Treadmill<Track<Road<Trail In difficulty, Right now i'm trying the track, finding new ways to hurt!
get sleep. I slept until 10 today and it felt great. I guess it was also because I had a few beverages by the time I saw you
New cover coming soon(:
Without that little voice in your head you wouldn't be able to read this.
Thanks for coming to the party, we hope you enjoyed it!
Guys I can't wait till September
what did u use for a camera?
2.50 local micro brews! Come check out the dive on Harvard. Some great specials and cheap booze!
Have you started to get ready for the holidays?
Is your Wednesday full of fail? If so, it could be because today is April 4 — known as 4/04 (the infamous 404 error message).
Watching #AnthonyBourdain's #TheLayover in SF makes me feel so proud to live in the best city in the world!
Plan for the night, or what is left of it... 2.5 hour bus ride back to Vancouver B.C. then a 30min taxi ride to our car...
I'm craving a McD's breakfast ... despite the nightmarish experience I had the last time I went to McD's. #McDonald's
Biggest threat for severe weather in NJ will be tomorrow afternoon. Hot, humid conditions with temps near 90 and decent CAPE levels expected
does it come with instructions??
I have it too and it seems like everything I do makes it worse.
Grandmother RT : Retweet - if you miss someone Right Now.
yea man! got to love midtown
#np: motel room -dirt nasty Stay Classsssay
takin a bitch head off today
miss you!!! I hope you are having a wonderful year :))
thank you sir!
at first I thought that said Kiss my bad :)
Injustice could be eliminated, but human conflicts and natural limitations can't be removed.
Just slept away 4 hours of my life haha
Hello! Would you be available for an interview on the impact of pollution in Beijing? This for local NPR station in LA
Amy Pond reminds me of my crazy ex-girlfriend, accept I'm open to making another mistake.
s got that
Hey , I love Restaurant Week!
In some remote areas a curious light resembling a flame is sometimes seen flikering in the distance.
No one in room raises hand to "does your museum have a comprehensive tech plan?"
Omg After Lately is soo fckn funny..... I lol the whole show
lets do lunch!
"Woke up in my clothes again this morning...Don't know exactly where I am..."
Done. But then again, you knew that ;)
I txted him 2 hours ago and he decides to txt me back now!? This boy...
Heey Sarah I miss you in my life get back in it??;+)
We are discussing photography, reality, and truth: one of the most common misconceptions about a photograph is that it is honest
March 18 our next event. Hope to see you there!
amazing stuff! Got your email - we'll respond soon! thanks x 1,000!
yeah...I heard Nigel. Not enough to get me to tune in.
Happy Birthday !!
Morning All,
Who wants to meet (B.O.B) Tomorrow with on ? RT this for a chance!
can u please follow me back :)
Let's match blunts??
Omg omg! Boyfriend just came on the radio! In atlanta!
#fcmeeting is now in session.
3 Metallica albums in there entirety equals a complete and revised final history essay!
No wonder my #Continental flight is a fortune. I'm apparently paying for all the fuel consider that I'm almost the only one on this plane.
i think i may just sleep through my entire weekend...yup. it's decided.
Why am I still awake???
": Clowns to the left of me. Jokers to the right. Here I am stuck in the middle with you" Stuck in the middle again r we?
Salted Edamame with Roasted Garlic and Herb Recipe! The best edamame you ever!! #salted edamame #roasted garlic #healthy snack
you're irrelevant.
Who would be more fun at a party: Gus or Charlie?
Waiting on the metro thinking through Civilization well done on many levels. Big Hog.
This car sped right through a HUGE puddle and drenched these two girls so bad!! Hahaha
To all #SXSW goers, WELCOME to the great city of #ATX. Very happy to have you, and we look forward to meeting as many of you as possible!
Wolfert's 25yd kick is good! Nighthawks lead 6-0 against the
I love wrapping up a Sunday evening with a clean house, completed to do list & everything ready for the week.
Morning everyone
my feet feel like they've been beaten on with hammers.
#peopleimthankfulfor thanks dee!
hope james is gettin along ok in the sunny weather. im so hopin he gets a day off soon.
"A poet is as much the creature of climate as an orange or palm tree." - Thomas Jefferson
I'm gonna be famous one day. I already have my autograph picked out and everything(:
launched 's new media outreach with college university, k-12 school storage makeover contest.
re: #rockmelt....not bad. once I add my Diigo plugin. This may be my new fave browser
Redwings tie it up, Yes!
Over 5,000 without power in North Valley. PNM expects power to be restored by 5:30 p.m. More on www.krqe.com.
This Houston vs Sac game is so boring. I'd rather watch paint dry. But I'm forced to watch every game today LOL #FamilyBonding =\
Wonderful program. So brave. Bravo to you!!!
OK done, but if sucks and I will play the blame game
is the funniest man alive! No question! Nothing beats Late Night with Jimmy Fallon!!
Is it bad that I didnt wanna raise a fuss for fucking my order up in Arbys because there was a FINE ass specimen in there? *Eats burnt fry*
Wonder who else was with Newman in time square last night.
Very happy about Under Armour's earnings, strong start for the company in the running shoe space
Happy Father's Day to all the awesome dads out there!
RT: If you were born on your birthday
I'm home on a saturday night....SMH
#boybyenotwiththem ashy black jeans on
The first wealth is health.
Never been to Cape May, but wouldn't hesitate to pick Rehobeth over VA Beach. How about the Outer Banks? Even better!
Marcy: "No matter how gruesome or horrible the murder, you can always find somebody out there to buy the house."
I go to your page because I miss you, then regret it because of what I see.
j reads his stalkers private e-mail to him next on-air
Just what I needed...a refreshing morning walk in the rain to wash away all the things that have been bringing me down.
and I expect to have a break out game and shut those haters up. Patriots 49-3.
His GF was a very bad girl. She kept making Alpha-Omega puns all night.
o big girl treats like the wicker stuff my momma tries to keep me away from?? Yay!!!
Reports of golf ball size at churchill downs.
aw thank you do much' you're too sweet and GORGEOUS yourself!
thanks for the #ff shout out!
#SoListen is such an AMAZING!!! song
Need Cash Now? Sell your books with us! Come in 2 BookHolders today! Located @ 11802 Bruce B Downs Blvd (Next 2 Panera Bread & Regions Bank)
Who's joining us tonight at dirty trix in #sanfrancisco at 9 to go on a bar crawl?! If so, send me your email to get a dollar drink!
sorry just viewing this tweet now. what time and day were you there?
<-----> “: mint dot com stays checking me about my money.”
So apparently it's pi day... 3.14
This diet is torture! Not 2 mention there's a broad out here selling boxes of Crispy Creams!!!
once upon a time....
i say Gunns will win that match. he'll use his bald head to blind SpiderBite xD
Check out the music and take a good look at my friends!!
Do you need help?
I already left but it was fun.
I had a boss who once told me to be quick but don't hurry
Alright. Here we go Monday!! How was your weekend guys? Mine was great, just a little tired today...
At my first karaoke. Are there always women on their own scream-singing "You oughta know" in room no. 2?
na buddy, I'm more sophisticated :p lol
Is a mobile gourmet dining experience in the future of Los Angeles?
It says 'Don't StaY HerE'. Its on the same paper as the 'welcome' note'. What the What the fuck am I supposed to do? How can they be here?.
I need 7 fantasy points from lloyd, so let's not pull orton yet. Denvers line is getting owned by a 4 man rush
my phantom runs on swagg. Fill-up's free, just drop me a line.
Everything was great until you decided to act like the friendship was a fling. Friends one day and the next perfect strangers.
CP3 no doubt.
I'm not 100% sure about the alum. bottle. I'd say don't bring it, depending on the MIB they might not allow it.
“: I wonder if anyone saw when Joe came head butted me before the fg haha” we saw it from sec142. Good game bro!
Raised $300 at a yard sale - giving $100 to the first 3 Riders to sign up on the Colorado Ride to Empower team. Who doesn't like free $?
You cant say yourself.
You're very, very welcome! We're so excited to be working with you all!
When I walk on the spot, this is what I see. Everybody stops and the staring at me
hey babes beautiful mother fucker true love god damn gorgeous cumdump hunny bunny
i saw you;D
All Boy Hip Hop tonight! 6:00 - 7:00pm..... Don't miss out!!
You should save the best part of yourself for the person who deserves you.<U+2764>
answer my text!! please&thankyou :)
Ha ha ha what can i say....
Well ok.Huey Richardson was a mistake and Limas couldnt catch a pass,nice speed though ..I stand corrected.Ok can I say not many
That awkward moment where you change into a woman because you're a trickster and don't change back to a man
Just got done playing' basketball! Leg are still burning from last nights 8 mile run!!!
Do you work in a toxic environment? Q's: paid in full, on time? Have input? Able 2 question leaders? Get appraisals? Pay policy transparent?
enjoyed your #lift12 tweets, thanks!
oh, so something promised since '08 is jumping to concl? Why not just wait until '17 - sure those dealing w/job loss won't mind
happy Birthday ! (:
Now at the windsor
head on over whenever
Things are about to get weird
m...Heat ...if they play right
Bout to walk it up on the West Orange Trail w/ another mommy friend-yay! Amazing the simple things that make me happy w/ a child now:)
Beefing up my MacBook with Janetter. Really digging this. Cyalater Tweetdeck.
ok got you
Why must Sambazon take so long?
No. You sure can't argue with stupid! Alexis is the WORST!
Ball don't lie! They give the heat every fuckin call
I would take those but I guess my money ain't green enough
Well, that actually wasn't about you lol! I don't hate you either..
They really messed up a good thing by "upgrading" Tweet Deck. It's been pissing me off for a week now...
Santorum's sex hangups move him ahead. He's against contraception? Total bleeping wackjob.
... Probably at the very end in the "fine print" ...
check out , you will find an army of #cancer guys that talk about that very question! Congrats on no more #chemo!
Hungry artists love lunch and want to give people tickets for supporting #sustain36!
The thing about Ikea furniture is that you always lose one of those little screws, and then you are...screwed.
#RomCon FFP Dine-in: Thou Shalt not ogle guests with physical attributes dissimilar to your own such as claws, fangs, wings, etc?
And our other lucky #SOTW winners are... - enjoy those Dogwood gift cards! Thx everyone and happy holidays!
try facebook video chat or if you have a gmail account there is gmail video chat!
I really do have it good. Need to appreciate things more and be a better person.
Did you know ?The #ANC embarked on extensive preparations in the past two years for this year's centenary celebrations. Be apart!
Pretty pumped for bed.
Alex, there are so many reports on the legitimacy of the #occupywallstreet assemblies. WHY AREN'T YOU IN #NYC BULL-HORNING!?
Visit www.passionsbyk.com and see our new December collection. Hope you like it!
Sometimes being too optimistic can be just as bad as being too pessimistic
I get to sleep in tomorrow!!! Yayyy:)
ill be your best friend !? :D
Good to see the pirates get a win in 12 innings. That's 1.25 games. Extrapolated out, that's a better record than .500!
you have a problem...i like him too but only teacher wise. youre exceeding the limits of teacher-student intimacy
like a year and a half lol. I work today, ill see if I can put in a good word for you! :)
Thank you for the mentions and the help! Appreciate it!
and if u park ur unicorn illegally an amazingly expensive ticket magically appears soon as you turn around
Linda Beebe, APA, leading off the afternoon
Don't cry because its over, smile because it happened <U+E32D>
Thank YOU! You have a beautiful day, as well. RT : Thank you for RT ! Have a nice day :)
Congrats on the bookings!
Great metaphor for learning from Mark Milliron - "I don't think we're going to get there with this equipment."
Turmeric has an active compound which can slow blood clotting, so should not be mixed with blood thinners like #Plavix or
New posts coming today....hibernation over!
I want one! (phone like yours, already done the baby thing). Oh, welcome home...
You know I have a problem when I wonder whose pinball collection they got for the trailer for Grown Ups (BK & HYPERBALL)
That was crazy right. Sounded for real.
Okay, apparently I never tweet... Even though I almost have 900 of them.
I'm just gonna watch you get hurt again, maybe then you'll realize what you pushed away.
i think it was both of our faults
I can't even... RT STABBING - 3031 E BIDDLE ST. MOTHER STABBED INFANT IN NECK. PIO RESPONDING
I wish I'd gone the the European trade show when it was held in Denmark a few years back. You should go.
damn. Alright thank you.
Hey PG fans, please keep Chris Trent's father and family in your prayers, thank you
hit end workout by accident. I just finished a 2.01 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Im twittering! Tee-Hee.
great minds think a like! We tried that yesterday. Going to have to try again today.
that's sad that once again #republicans are taking control of who and what people can love do #Colorado gays need to move out
Yep. It was a good day. Also, damn. Jamar did nail it tonight.
UPI Sports Calendar for Thursday, May 3
Awesome! Learning more about gardening with Holly Grow Lightly!!!
I have 3...2012 rose bowl victory, everything about the dorms, Rennies cheesy bacon fries
I hate days like this -.-
BTW, Maria, I loved you in Percy Jackson. OH MY WORD! I did not see that coming! Terrific!
Best trip ever
Please text me something cute...
CONGRATS and big #BUZbuz #shoutout to , winner of our first-ever BUZhunt #swag contest! Enjoy your tunes, Alberto...
good looks man I appreciate it!
Before I make any decisions today imma think: What would Chip Kelly do? And the most ballsy option will always be the correct choice.
on the rail all the way to the right
Guy sitting behind me on the DC metro was loudly eating out of a Lunchables box yesterday. He was grown-up, too. Horrifying.
#HonestyNight i don`t see how females can play both sides like men (cheating) i think it would hurt me more than him
Tell me about it! Skank, you have missed calls... Return them!
Stay tuned, "I'm a [Fill in the Blank] WONK Photo Contest" weekly and grand prize winners will be announced this afternoon.
RT Please excuse any typos in the Saturday paper. is seriously shaking us and our computers.| Perils of #Alaska media!
It will b coming to n end.
Manning to Denver! See ya later Teblow
I'm looking to it at this summer. RT : Beasts of the Southern Wild...oh yes. Must see. Come to Atlanta!
Perfect temperature for mowing grass!
If it's about dating stories, call it "Awesome Dating Do-Overs".
#CNN: Jurors in the Jennifer Hudson family murder trial have started deliberations. (via )
Rack City Bipple.
And who'd believe that Forbes, Grant Writing and Twitter would lead me to you?
here we go
Shout out to for eating all that Manly Food!
Follow Back.Please
Thanks to PC followers! You make the world go round!
Happy Easter Everyone!
that may be maniditory lawyer-ese butt-covering more than editorial content
Abraham Lincoln needs no marble shaft to perpetuate his name; his words are the most enduring monument, and will forever live in the...
Benson owns them too, no?
RT : U will NOT catch me holding a balloon in my mouth as a target for a crossbow shooter.
Russell Wilson Leaves Game Early to Get Head Start On Quantum Physics Problem Sets
. begins by recognizing efforts of OAH Acting Director Evelyn Kappeler; calls progess extraordinary
Lauren Hutton was eating at bar pitti. Snapped her mid-bite. Guess she didn't like that cuz she gave me the finger..which I snapped as well
before coming to the Good Spot party at 105 riv, come hang out with me at kiss&fly 9pm-12 for DJ L b-day bash hosted pepsico/fritolay.
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Michael Jackson's albums
#Concert Friday @ #TheCastle Venue with and us! Starts at 7pm - Don't miss out! 325 S. Broadway Ave in
Not felt this unhappy in about 18 months. What the hell is wrong with me?
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: While this seems obvious, some people get carried away on #Twitter. As a business, you want avoid foul language.
Man school is gonna be so boring tomorrow
How is Iowa holding up in these storms -- you guys ok?
Let me know if you're interested in a designer too. Happy to discuss.
love your logo! Thanks for the follow...
Get me a burrito...maybe a taco jus bcuz
...Its not much, but its a paycheck and very good benefits including 401k and retirement..
Great pick up by the Cs in Marquis Daniels! He hasn't played his full potential at DAL or IND but could be a wild card for the Cs.
I'm right there with ya! sucks!
im goin back if they offer enough money
It was hard to pick a favorite quote from #CPAC but this one has to be my top. "We must outsmart the stupid people." - Herman Cain.
Hey hope everything is going good just wanted to say hi <3
I also love when you hold the door open for someone & actually wait for them...they walk right through without saying thanks
don't leave :( i miss this twitter already
Bearcats have picked up a home game against Galveston College to be played at 1pm Sunday 3/25.
Im not sure where Estonia is, so I dont have any concerts planned there. But its always a possibility!
Love your account! I find genealogy very inspiring. What are your thoughts on the release of the 1940 Census?
Library friends, who is using Boopsie? Just want to take a look before a phone conversation with a sales rep tomorrow. Thanks!
is going all Lenten as of tomorrow: No booze, no sugar. For 40 DAYS. Lord help me.
thxs for the advice
What app are you using? (BTW, I am able to remember the long term summer projects, but "must do next week" section: gone)
New show announced: Feb 11th in Evansville, IN at MOJOS opening for The Cold Stares!
Wow. So, uh, having Expose Point of No Return start playing FULL BLAST in headphones is one way to make sure you're awake.
RT : My dad thinks the whole world should cater to his needs.
Anything short of my lady, family, & happiness! RT : What would you sacrifice for the privilege to pursue your passion?
Wow, anaconda was even a bad movie choice for ice cube
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 10
Lol.. wish I was there with u guys! Miss u all... I will be watching online tho :-) X
Custom Craft Environmental (Milwaukee) did a WONDERFUL job remediating water damage in my studio. Thanks guys!
happy t day lil joe 20 mobb or none
Jumped out the bed feeling like its time to come back out my shell n get it in
same o shit bomb weed palm trees
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly I gotta a mask that's just yelling your name
May 16th 8pm I'm at The Palm Beach Improv use name at the box office & get in FREE with 2 drinks minimum.
Videos by will be enjoyed on the busses. Much appreciated.
That's not a terrible idea. For Nashville.
A little bit of polish on leather makes everything better!
Today’s Downtown Specials: Soups are Wild Mushroom, Lentil ( vegan), and Carrot Ginger ( vegan). Sugar free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
where can i get those? those are some sick shorts dude
Culture is powerful...it shapes behavior
PJ, brother, I assure you, Western media's portrayal of China lends to de-humanization of Chinese culture and people. Trust me.
If this old bitch in my class doesn't stop correcting everyone I'm gonna start getting nasty. Don't make me
Five new cuts on my hands from working last night. My poor hands, they need some love!
Happy St. Patrick's Day!!
On set for the Voice live show.
Thankful that the "life giver for hair" gave me a pre-Easter quaff to prevent my hair from distracting Sundays celebration. Laura rocks!
Getting Ready for the game tonight...Go Broncos!
dude I go to school in Berea, not an OSU fan, ha. Hunwick was a wolverine too.
1 day, when SebJac are older - maybe they'll use #AmendmentOne #Prop8 etc as OLD examples of #HATE & discrimination towards #LGBT families
What's Happening in San Diego??
St. Mary's can't make a shot...
Wagers war to know: Hunger Striked? Struck? Strine?
Why are the ugliest people on twitter the rudest?!
#7DAYS #7DAYS I LOVE YOU #fangirling follow me :) pop
#Baylor 's uniforms look like the garbage man's uniform. #Adidas smh
RT : raise your hand if you want that Tom Ford look. yeah. *raises hand*
I wish I could skate right now......
Following limits suck like hiatus
It's a beautiful day for giving tours at Universal Studios! Wish me luck! ;)
thanks for the follow and support Alison keep on spicing it up check out
JONAS ARE IRREPLACEABLE, BECAUSE THEY CHANGE ALL THEIR FANS LIFE!!!!!!!!!
Oh yeah, me and evie are'nt friends anymore. jussayin,
I have a big heart..
It's almost 9pm and it's still light out. That's awesome!
Rosemary lemon chicken, grilled asparagus, spicy kale chips, quinoa
Yes. Believe it or not, Seau was not known as a big hitter type.
straight up i be on the granpappy and its brothers and sisiters lol
What was name of company spokesman in press conference?
Ahh...I have to work that Sat till late!! Only have Sun and Memorial off... #$&@!!!!!!
appreciate the shout!
this is fucking bullshit. i'm so pissed off.
Hey hey hey hey you yeah you . Hi c:
The awkward moment when you high five and make the loudest noise in a silent room. Everyone looked. Happy national high five day.
Sadly I'll miss ANA this year; but I will be at ACI's Litigating Ad Disputes conf in NYC in June...
I'm sick&i dont wanna go to school, but i have a HUGE presentation to do today so i need to go :/
you're going?
you know, just shipping my friends
"never" being when she will check her twiiter account, unless i tell her to, which will be at noon today.
maybe online shopping today. In Atlanta you quickly learn to not walk in the rain, cars love splashing pedestrians...
#SomePeopleNeedTo GET OVER IT & MOVE ON!! IT HAS BEEN ALMOST THREE YEARS!!
okayy that video that tweeted made my heart pound and not in the sense i would want it to lmao :)
MT TransforMED teams continue work in Maryland & Wyoming today. Another team arrived at Memorial Herman to continue work there
yep! and just as entertaining. :)
Tnx for following! Looking forward to seeing you at TFFOC!
<U+E328>Follow me on instagram <U+E328> and I will follow back<U+E328>
hey Jojo :) how are you?? you're very pretty
Great tip from a pro in the field. RT : J-students: learn screen scraping. Essential skill for the future says
another world class pen by Milito, no chance for the goalkeeper..
oh yes plz!!
Treat everyone with love, kindness, & respect. You never know who will repay the favor.
Even tonight, ESPN is hawking the Longhorn Network in its crawl. Nice.
Dear , our wedding song is going to be 11:11(: ok?ok <3
nope I'm following both of them..silly me..omg! They didn't show up on my timeline. :-) I follow most of the guys.
ha ha I know right, but it really is good!
WHERE YOU CAN ALWAYS FIND ME! We'll have Halloween on Christmas.
So wheres the best wings in Atl at?
Managed to fight off the other internet traffic and reach the Apple Store. Placed an order for the new iPad!
Good morning my friend! We gotta get you to 1000 today!
I see how it is now....
Pretty amazing stuff.
What is this break out season.
#assnchat Looks very interesting and will try to be on schedule next time!
#confessionnight I'm really happy for but I really don't want him to move, I'm gonna miss him *cry*
This truly is a Good Friday
#ThankATeacher Thanking Mr. Wm Slopey, my HS chemistry teacher, for entertaining us with Chapel Hill stories while teaching.
dang! You must be notorious, huh? :P
This is the finest thing I've ever read.
Awe, I wish I had a significant other. That would be cute.
not invisible.
you can't fully love life until you learn to love yourself <3
Hot Damn! RT : I can tell you this: there will be a fascinator involved.
To enjoy life a positive attitude is enough. Be optimistic everything is possible
it looks nice :3
I'm watching the doc my friend Wesley produced on the LA riots - Uprising - and it is wow. Startling.
I subscribe to the theory that the harder the animal is to catch the better it is for you. Wild boar burger for me tonight.
Love hanging with at Leadership CA
My earring needs to come in the mail, asap!!
Worry is a time-wasting pastime. So many things I worry about never happen.
Great seeing you guys at game yesterday!!! Had a fun time!!
I know! I keep practically shoving my ring hand into people's faces. It's fantastic!
season 3 was epic!!!!
My sister doesn't believe that a child's adult career choice when made under the age of 7 is the only way to really tell if your kid is gay.
Thanks for the #TT :)
One of my favorite economists, Tyler Cowen, has an interesting essay suggesting six ideas that should die this year:
We sell them at my job ;)
will have to catch y'all next time :)
i dont live under a rock. Lol
. let me add a bunch of Oreos to my Cherry Blossom Shake. Not quite Cherry Bomb good, but awesome nonetheless!
is patching Drupal.
you ratchet ass bitch
College soccer is terrific--I used to go to a lot of UCSB men's games, and now SMU--high level of play, cheap, you sit close.
We're sold out! Thanks for the support today, we will be out here tomorrow at 11am.
I hear unlost is where it's at.
#Bert is the original #hipster!
biggest budget n college sport & no top 25 in footbal or hoops...now I know why u want to change subject or "wait til next year"
Happy Wednesday!! Have a great day!
ima wait till I frame mine lol, Im gonna get a custom frame for it..!!
u wish u were like that boy that's why u hata him soo I don't care now one cares wat u think
That Tupac hologram was unreal. Sorry. I hadn't heard anyone say it.
my fam gone be on 106 & Park!! Me to
For Osama bin Laden #inappropriatefuneralsongs Party In The USA !! LOL
Writing about economics of digital projects; had 100k visits, 1.2M pageviews in 2yrs; cost $.14/visit (sort of)
Oh no he didn't! RT : Perry: I would privatize the TSA as soon as I could and get rid of those unions
Big show Sat nite
RT : Live in the Vineyard. Coolest event ever. Tickets w/ Wine, Hors d’oeuvres and More on April 12 for $70...
Compliment or complement? Not criticizing--actually curious. Caramelized nuts and boozy raisins compliment this maple ice cream.
About to leave in a couple minutes.
Yeah. No Mad Men for me. Grr. Found your update looking for "Netflix down" tweets. :P
Can't let Iowa state hang around....they win everytime
exactly no patience!! Smh now she bald! Lmaooooo
RT RCA Events News, exhibitions & events from the Royal College of Art, London.
I hope it is Vermont maple syrup!
Será!? U.U
S/o to my new and old followers!
#zap tweets me.
#Benitez you SUCK
Woo hoo it's #SuperBowl time! Forget the teams, its all about the commercials!!
Oh Spunky Monkey, how I do love thee...
Ha! I had the same thought when you listed your career history on Ben's podcast.
I'll take that as a compliment ": lmao you're something else."
Indeed!!! Have a blessed night.
oh god I find that SO HUMOROUS
you gotta check out the new office, they stole my joke and only you two would get it!
RT Energy drinks don't really give you energy. By drinking it, you're tricking your brain into thinking you have extra energy
going to go do somtin with Alysha BYE
watching pretty little liars because today I didn't do social service so I'm not tired at all :c
they hate you.
Starting to get a little hungry? We have the perfect solution for lunch! Stop in for Fish & Chips! In a rush? Check out our website for ToGo
:) why da fuck were u guys fighting over Justin what did that person say???
Thank you! good luck @
Talking to babes :-)
I almost fell on my a$$ when I saw her!!! :D Now we can properly start the bday wknd. Craziness starts 2night!
& muthaf.ckas wonder why I be like f.ck relationships ...
#AIMSTech12 Awesome room! Fantastic facilities! in 10!
Sold another Buddy Bike Sport. Only 10 left until 2013! Lots of Buddy Bike Family available.
Anyone know if the #SprintMotorola Photon 4G is equipped with #NFC? No mention of it in the specs so I assume not.
And that's where you come off as ignorant. By ignoring the human suffering, you ignore the present as well.
that's why you gotta come to Vegas -- tons of concerts, every day. See you at NHL Awards?
Welcome to Twitter, bro!
I hear yeah! I know she is happy. Remember our first day Lolz!Time fly bye when u having fun. I can't believe she is that old
This home. Now I'm finally where I belong. I've been searching for a place of my own
glad you guys made it safely! I am sure Turkey will be amazing!
Apparently, John Travolta has a thing for black guys. One of those dudes he sexually assaulted has revealed himself.
HAHAHAH. omg. We're too close.
You're as emotionless as concrete <3
I don't want to prevent any of your last minute studying, but how does 11 to 11:30 at the on N. LBJ sound?
Looking forward to Casino Night at Mellon Auditorium for the National Kidney Foundation tonight! Last year was such a blast!
what you doing now? xx
Writing music for a new album tonight, tomorrow a.m. = tracking and mixing.
im good, how you been
no kidding! Glad it's over! How'd you do?
Don't see why not... Still in development tho. May be another few weeks before it's live.
no work for 9 days in a week and a half AND Dancefestopia and Beach Ball.
Not many people have sustainability plan; this is bad.
great msg ! go vote austin and let your voice be heard!
I don't think he can discuss that. I believe that's a violation
Knicks are not getting back on defense at all...SMH
whats happening? I heard there was big news about over-charging for coffee?
o hell naw
I got into a fight in school today my moms proud of me. I have in school suspension
SAT word of the day: paragon (n.) a model of excellence or perfection
Keep voting guys!!
good point, it's actually Monday morning here in Queensland, a great day for the beach :)
I lovee youu! Can I get a follow? (:
There will be an answer Let it Be
Before this incredibly handy plumber was known throughout the world as Mario, what was he originally called?
then get the anchor tank
Funny the way it is
And yes I voted for Gore,because I believed we were already missing the boat as far as the environment.
awwwwh, you're so cute! Happy Mother's Day :)
nowhere.haha I was joking(: I will probably die from being scared though!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Hey! It's Danielle from your class AKA the burn victim. jk :) Hope you're still enjoying Florence!
Looks like the #Twolves are going to make me get the League Pass. Can't wait to see them play at Staples Center this year!
true dat. Very funny.
Selling Hawk Cards All Day
Happy Easter Tweeps! We open at 11am this morning at and love to feed you and yours :)
This idea of an application to influence your representatives & elected officials through tax allocation, live polling & voting, is genius..
good just trying to finish this semester up, and get ready for the next journey
Sorry to hear that. Especially since you're at #gof2012! But it can happen anywhere, I suppose. Even at BGG Con.
We are at the #AAM American Association of Museums 2011 Annual Expo at the George R. Brown Convention Center in Houston TX, Booth
so wish I could have been there tonight! Hopefully soon :)
Fuck, that reminds me...I still have to do some of those global regents review flash cards....
you better feel better by tomorrow! I think I might be able to get stuff to make you feel really good :-) can you get $5?
That awkward ass moment when you realize this isn't your twitter... Hey you;) - Mounia
Good Luck #gopherbasketball and Coach Smith!
I followed
Back frm school......had an english test today
Ahh, it looks like spring is in the air here in Madison! We are approaching my favorite time of year. March Madness, getting lawn treatme…
The title of your book can be a laser beam to focus on your target reader, like the bestselling The One Minute Manager.
Wow that was amazing! Ditto on the chills
It's such a gorgeous day!
The Hallelujah chorus was just done...incredibly well! WOW!!!
Do anything fun today? It was so gorgeous out - and cinco de mayo!
How would e-learning lead to loss of employment?
all day bruah I got u salute
1 for The Descendants, adapted screenplay
Is Giving Me What I Need Tonight.
Keys to SUCCESS ~ "I will study and prepare, and someday my opportunity will come." -- Abraham Lincoln, 16th President of the United States
wow- feed tank & spigot sounds awesome!
1:40 to go and #UMass trails 67-58 with 1:40 to play. #Stanford defense has been too much and they've dominated boards.
Dinner in like an hr. I'm hungry lol
“All I want to do is make sure that I continue to try to exploit the potential I have.”
One more fact: The probability of giving birth to a girl instead of a boy increases significantly when the mother lives close to the equator
can't get Seal out of my head!
Lmaoo it was a thought !! But I do wish I had somethin
Going in with my nigga!
Butt in chair, head down, fingers flying.
Thank you so so much! That means a lot :)
YOUR SO AMAZING AND IM PROUD OF YOU YOUR MY HERO AND U MEAN THE TO ME IT BE A WISH COME TRUE IF U WOULD FOLLOW ME BACK <3333:)
On this day in 1862, 5 Union gunboats steamed up the James River toward Richmond, but were turned back by fierce fire from Drewry's Bluff.
i thought you said it was easy...
want to go scuba diving in bali???? go to bestdivejob.com
That awkward moment when someone yells at you for clicking your pen and you have to click it one more time to use it.
I'm not getting out of the car w the #beastieboys on. That's a part foul.
Cheers, Chris! And thanks again for blissed-out dub mixes!
The Zaneville exotic animals return home! My story on at 6!!
And I used to live in Makiki. A bona fide kama'aina
RT : Massumi - prior synthesis before the object. using notion of morphogenisis.
SNOW - First table read scheduled for December 1st 2011.
Thanks for the follow! We hope u have chance to dig u some Secret Skwirl! Best & Success!
Seeking a Director of Compliance to manage staff overseeing portfolio compliance, code of ethics, and counterparty/derivatives functions.
I hate getting dressed up
#ff sports career advice and job postings
you didn't care about anyones opinion to begin with which is why you bit and battered your girlfriend...sleezebag.
nada just at home chillin. What you up to?
Us too, Rio!
dude. we must swap digitz and become going-to-concert friends once you're here in the 312. yes.
Be content with what you have, upgrade later. wisdom from zenbuns.com
good luck!
Does your phone work in Barcelona? Did you just put in a local SIM when you got there? We're planning on visiting Paris 2013.
World Peace playing like a poor man's Ron Artest, Lawson playing like homeless man's Chris Paul, and Steve Blake just looks plain homeless
They're a couple of narrow minded homophobic pricks. I hate this state.
GOOD NIGHT TWITTER
Thanks appreciate it!
thanks! I hope so!
I see you following people on my activity so why not me? :)
Goodnight Mr Tom _
RT Psyched to meet with great group of Forward Thinking Biz Leaders, & more!
goodnight Ariana! :] sweet dreams love you ari :*
Thanks Buddy!
thank you! <3 I know. I've cried so much today
speaking of loving me, we're all doing a Cedar Point weekend in June
Haha, I'm sure my parents would love it too.
had a good run. maybe create an honorary account? has been born....take note.
Dooling is cooked
Hey Austin, we have the same initials(: A.C.M<3
Heading to the Lou cant wait. Red hot riplets. Mr.pure and sandys bbq. Boy!
How wonderful! : "Collect" Intl Art Fair for Contemporary Objects May 11-14 #finecraft in England via
He was also one of the nicest people I had the pleasure of meeting while in Switzerland.
yeah I'm on it everyday
you're comment just made me die !
12 adding up to 13 does not make you a math major. :)
Work is so slow. Must be a beach day. Can't wait to leave and see the baby
I love Bel's colorful language. :)
Love that is on 14th Street... can't wait to hear what he orders
If you ever need any beats get at me...
#ICanHonestlySay i'm Feeling Sleepless in Seattle, it's the kinda Sleeplessness, 'David you cunt' feel in Sheffield Liverpool Paris or Rome!
Sometimes you don't realize you care for someone, until they stop caring for you.
Cause I'll never let you leave, never let you breathe. If you're looking for heaven, it sure as hell ain't me.
Today is a netflix kind of day.
Thankyou everyone who participated in the film. It was very inspiring!
MUST #FF A dude so hep he needs a Friday follow tweet all to himself. Follow him nao!
i like the way you move t right thur...
Wow angelina needs to come to Wisconsin and eat
Congratulations to our #VIP tickets winners and See you at the #BellAFB Dec. 30!
I have officially downloaded from itunes the entire playlist from Sunday's unplugged session - BEST music on the radio.
I feel like the GOP nomination field has become Rock, Paper , Scissors but instead its "Robot, Fascist, Porkchop Knife"
What did I get for record store day? A chance to take my daughters to riding lessons & a school spring fling...
i totally just played creeper and found you on twitter.... is that bad? lol smh at myself =P
I don't understand people who are just now watching Downton Abbey's season 2. Have they not heard of the internet? Who still uses tvs?
Omg that tuna fish sandwich sandwich was bomb......
He just took an extra spring training month. Here comes the May Heath Bell
im great, how are you! :) what time is it over there?
you in Nash for seis de mayo?
i feel safe when im talking to you <3.
m falafel salad .. I wish tesco choc croissants would make their way over!
#3wordsofadvice She TO YOUNG
No idea.
Leica addresses questions about length of time for service and repairs - high level of quality control - "when it has to be right"
Ladies: Sometimes you have to protect "yourself" from friends. Don't let their bad luck with men ruin your chance at love/romance!
Its mine i spend it lol....
thank you very much :))
You're still up?
Wednesday nights aren't very non-student, hey-I'm-a-grown-up friendly, are they?
I'll definitely be there then! :) What time are you getting there?
Omg.. This is so unprofessional...
um, no..i will reserve what I think she is because im such a fucking lady
Frustrating second half. Come one Buckeyes, finish strong!
Good Morning! So glad it's Wed!! Have great one!
awkward moment when most of your tweets are to but he doesn't reply to any of them.
Happy birthday to He has been the bestest ktteh for the last 13 years.
I never sleep past 6am
Is it in Liam Neeson's contracts to only do shit now.
have a great day!!
I wonder if I can talk hubby into going back to in early June so we can stay at Art of Animation.
Starting today bring in someone you love and both receive $10 off your services <3
#rememberwhen everyone cool listened to hilary duff ?
Have Fun! I'll miss you guys!
neva been scared of a hoe takin my man... if he want her she can have him !
HAHAHHAHA! My teacher is missing. hes not in his room & no where in school
We love our followers! Thanks for following us!
Any updates on the TCL v Midland Christian football game?
see u Friday! #realaggies will beat the #BU Bears.
when guys lead you on then just ignore you < the fuck?
Presenting video of the presentation of Birke Barge from TedxNextGeneration Asheville
Pizza Shuttle delivers late night pizza to milwaukee until 3am tonight. What will you order?
Should corporations be allowed to police web to track down online pirates? Note now on www.krqe.com!
Happy Birthday from everyone over here @ LOTUS Musik.
Going to Think Like a Man with and Rachel Gravens #girlsnight :)
what is this fun thing?????
meet me halfway? :)
National Poetry Month is going strong with Poetry Performances tomorrow and drafting in full swing!!
starting to learn how to engineer/produce music! I think i like it a lot =)
boozer yes..deng is good. no cart in his wrist remember
Deer Tick. Next Tuesday. Nashville. Who's in?! Just me? I figured.
#speeddemon every morning on the interstate- I know there's a ticket out there waiting on me and my
“: Belated thanks for the RT!”
Haven't seen it; will take your word for it. Thanks.
Trying to figure twitter out
Frozen grapes and shaved ice poolside? I think I need to figure out a reason for a summer staycation.
I really hate when the news guy shows all this extra stuff I just want to see the 7 day forecast! Shout is it gonna rain or not?!
Love Neil Young's Harvest Moon. So lovely.
WHOA DREW. OMG hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahaha.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. Dale Carnegie
me too - I quit using tweetdeck because of the too-frequent updates.
we give them love too :)
Remember, it was also who sparked 's massive comeback against Spurs last week...
"Win As Much As You Can" -
What is the new role of a librarian in a world where we have these vast resources?
"To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe."
"Reveals...a near-pathological gift for making the author unsympathetic" - in VF re Franzen's new essay collection
That is the utmost disrespect, yo!!! Like for real
No bigger pet peeve then when someone hangs up on me.
what is the password or the 1D presale Tomrrow and will there be VIP for there Chicago concert 2013 please reply!
Hol' up...its not legal? Lol RT : join & lets get marijuana legalized!
“: When i get head i be chillin like this ~> <(-_-)>”<~ hAha trrrrruuuu
are you coming to the media event 4/28, Peabody, Orlando?
you better come through for me
Thanks 4 the mention!
Haha oh I get it...I think, haha. Anyways yeah, I definitely miss you too!
"[People] who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try to do nothing and succeed." ~Lloyd Jones
FML!! If I start getting random calls and d!ck pics I'm gonna kill u! RT I did ... I thought
looking 4 theatre w/ proscenium avail mid feb for 1-2hr shoot for an indie musical mockumentary film project - #LAThtr what say you?
Artician is back up.
When and where are we going to yell at each other tomorrow?
you are the one guest I haven't ever booked that I am dying to book for our shows. Pls let me know next time you're in NYC. :)
I wish my ambulances and cop cars would play "Move bitch, get out the way!"
please do
Somebody almost walked off with my stuff!!! i need my stuff to ewww and aahhh about lolol
Yes, the force is strong in this one.
The performance is how to put audience and performer in the here and now.
see you there!
Choreo to "Video Phone" - Beyoncé <U+2665> ( :
You need a bio on your page!
All you chicks with the retro lace front wigs tho! I dont know what to tell ya! #PamGrierCollection, LMAO
Maybe this is the week that we can get our 1st softball W?
keep in mind they have a Senior dominated team, they start from scratch next year
Happy Friday every one!
thanks for coming to class
Communication device, correct?
I see what you did there... I'm on to you! But you are correct, I need to stop smoking. It is top on my list.
Thank goodness Irene did not come near Central Florida. Praying for our Carolina friends. Be safe
I wanna leave El Paso already!!!
God is the captain, change your direction
yay!! One more hall friend that will be here. (: we all need to do something before we leave for summmah!
dope how was Miami
Aww he cooked for me .
ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS ASS
Say that Paul Begala!!
just heading into the office now... I have no idea what u guys are talking about I AM PUMPED UP!!! ;)
it is going to be killer for high tide rolling in....Grab your long board for LONG RIDES!!!
About to watch all about the Benjamin's
Supp ms.king
Plus I didn't know what Logan would say
I'm a crayon.Even if I'm not your favorite color, don't break me or throw me away,because one day you might need me to finish your picture.
Homeboy's going to Acting Camp! My 4yo won a spot in youth summer camp in a giveaway on #iHeart #Austin & my luck!
I think the car is okay, but it's a no-no at your own house party
Somebody worthwhile to give me a chance
See you all on June 8th at Jovita's for our summer series with The Lucky Tomblin Band. No cover. Starting at 8pm.
When movies just...end...for some sort of dramatic effect <<
Finally over my fear of riding by Semi Trucks . #That's Sad .
Just got my lip busted in a basketball game nd had to sit out with 14 points 7 assist nd 5 offensive rebounds
New RMNB: #Caps introduce Charlie Sheen inspired “Winning” t-shirts goo.gl/xfOn5
And thanks to you! MT America is facing the 2nd half.We're getting up off our knees.Thank you Chrysler.Clint Eastwood.America.
The weekend is finally here!! So what are your plans??
I'm so fucking bored too, ain't shit to do right now
ANSWER: Yep! ...Sideshow Bob.
For a Chinese accent on S like SASSY, place your tongue a bit further back in mouth creating more friction, it may sound more like a soft SH
#ff they are the best band ever.Ive seen them live twice&they jus are the nicest ppl ever.All they want is2make the fans happyC:
Thanks!! Cas is back tonight!
Anna's Deli is leaving #SiestaKey for University Park... Bummer
Time for the Read & Romp at Railroad Park in Birmingham Al. Come on out & join us, it's going to be fun ! :)
Looking forward to hearing your thiughts on all the important pending issues!
if the environment's uncomfortable for you, it's uncomfortable (& poten. harmful) for your books; direct sunlight bad...
Listening to Officially my favorite music channel at Sirius XM. My favorite channel is obviously POTUS :)
Trent Richardson. That was great what u did taking her to prom.
The title of Kobe Bryant's biography should be "The Last Franchise Player"
pump? Jerk? I think we should find other verbs that are less distracting.
“To learn to read is to light a fire; every syllable that is spelled out is a spark.” Victor Hugo Spark a child's imagination with
Has someone given me some kind of virus? What is PAV? Norton didn't like it, but I can't delete it. Help!
._.t so mean!
This was a matter of time, it can only get better:
add me to that list too please, trying to connect actors to the new productions we have going up on the site
It is 2012 I'm a citizen of the U.S. & my newborn son has a health insurance card before he has rcv'd a birth certificate. /via
lol! If they have dreads it's gotta be Sherman and Thomas.
Why is my mom doing housework?
Off to Emmendingen in Germany in one month to visit the Leistungsschau. Can't wait.
People are still trying to be scene in 2012?
Hey Luanne, I just added you to my social media experts list on Twitter. Hope U R well!
hankbuilt.com, my buddy erik does awesome reckaimed stuff if that's what yer looking for
But forreal though....there's this guy, he keeps me smiling : ) <3
Can we needa talk. . .? Call me at 10:20?
someone is being extremely passive aggressive with me right now and it's pissing me off!
look at you-- heatin' up the feeds, makin' Oakland cool.
27 hours to go go go #Patriots!
Beautiful day for football...overcast, cool breeze, and nachos!
Leo DiCaprio is beautiful. Just, beautiful.
#IfYouKnowMeWell you'll know I don't like you
morning tweepeople need follower
and if you find any place to eat in Amsterdam (I did find a couple places) please let me know!
Just bought tickets to see at the Waterstreet Music Hall. So excited!
Chynna, It was nice to see you again! We met a few years ago in CC, I was part of the crew that trained ur hubs.
Hey got the tees this weekend. They rock my socks. THANKS!
Ain't life grand? Thanks and Tim. <3
Why the hell do people want to be my friend on yelp?
Can my pregnant wife sleep on her back if she is slightly elevated?
Sheffield tanked games. Unforgivable.
There goes anyone that had a perfect bracket going!
I've heard/read this comparison in diff versions these past couple of Weeks and it disturbs me so much.
I got teary eyed and yes, cancer can suck it.
Twitter during the Cold War woulda been some dry ass tweets....
That is a great book, that helps you understand change & get to the Nxt Level! Have a great day! :)
Leave it to my cousin to get two biddies that look good that can't stfu
Peace is the fruit of activity, not of sleep.
Girls like it when you talk to them in a foreign language. Girls do not like it when you talk to them in Latin.
<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00AA>porLa carota! & we are not obsessed with each other ! We r just a package whoever buys 1 gets the2nd one 4free<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
“: I would agree, says this 32 yr old!” great!
just tellin u guys right now, WMYB is on glee right now, k bye:)
Took a 2 our nap right after work and I'm still sleepy lol. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
ABC's of Portland Spirit:M is for Maybeland from Cinnamon Bear adventures, we turn our boat into every December and Queen Melissa reigns.
Noice! Hopefully I'll be able to go to Alpine for my fix before Long Beach
more people should!
When someone writes back lmao I always read what I wrote then laugh at my joke.
stefano, stefano. <3
I will when I get home and pack!!
Really enjoyed the show last night at Harlot in SF - w/special guests blew that place away! Check them out for sure!
thanks for follow
what an honor to share the stage with you at #WCFGala. Thank you for inspiring me & so many!
you love #nugs :)
I have no opinion on the show Girls...am I gonna get kicked off The Internet?
Last night's #infographicsDC panel was amazing! BIG KUDOS to , & for bringin' on the awesome!
everyone tells me it will be alright their for you you ain't going to be single much longer.
#DRTY3RDS TOMORROW NIGHT! Come turn up with the Young & Wavy at MJQ .. & on the 1's x 2's!
Accident US 95 & S. Rancho blocking three lanes. Delays begin at Decatur.
character breakfast!
we're up to 7 billion actually
#listofturnons Really though ? All these horny people on twitter
no time to stop or make coffee. Fml
Joel mchale. WHY ARE YOU MARRIED AND HAVE CHILDREN? total dilf.
Shopping list: dry ice, Reeses, Twix, pumpkin extract, apple cider, ground nutmeg and horror movies. Why, it must be #Halloween weekend!
Getting some good vocal coaching right now! Trying to reach my full potential:)
Here goes nothing...
I serious Mr. 5' 3. I would squash you like a bug. The only thing in the military you would have been good for was a tunnel rat.
what I don't understand is why you keep going back to 2000, that plan lost, why would it pass now?
via : Moving to Austria. 2 weeks left!
honestly thought Obie would go first & Armond would make it to Practice Squad but think only 3 RBs make it anyway.
I just realized I neglected to ask you to sign my book! Could I make a point to meet up with you at #bigomaha for that?
hahaha! Well whatever - have a great one!! :-)
May your Homes be filled with Warmth and Wonder this Holiday Season!!
They have moments...Sub Soul and Soul Story are usually good.
working on this program, trying to get all the models installed again
Client found not guilty of all charges by jury in a marijuana distribution case
Charlie bit my fingah! Attending this awesome preso topic Mon 3/12 @ 11a! But Is It Art? The Aesthetics of Social Culture #sxsw #isitart?
for the weekend RT re: Earth Day and light pollution. Did you do anything special for Earth Day?
that's truly awesome.
Almost Done!
Interesting way to put it. RT Chip tune is not a genre. The chips are synthesizers. - chip tune panel
Happy birthday Facebook. Wow. 8 years old, eh? And you don't look a day over 7. Congrats on an exceptional year!
First #sfgiants game today. Oh boy
RT : check out me and smash bro on KTRU 91.7 FM tonight on The Vinyl Frontier 10pm to midnight. THIS DUDE KILLS. Listen@ ktru.org
That's already too much talk.
Nothing like a lady that dress fly & ride clean! #ATLAUTOSPORT everything custom.
i told a chemistry joke, there was no reaction.
just wondering..y do u keep bringing up joe?
#RefYouSuck flop city!!
Publishing needs a goal. Survival is not really an aggressive goal - via
I can't sleep. There's too many thoughts running through my head.
#RIP Junior Seau ... A True #NFL GREAT!
hired the goat that was before are time
you should order from P&M on 147th & amsterdam. Small biz, Sicilian owners so it's authentic!
Who likes Instagram? We do too! Follow us there at
"Believe in the casino!"
i dont have a bedtime. my dad just came in my room and asked if i wanted cake.
I missed school! Lol
Very Nice tell me about your database for actors
It feel super late
if you go to the workshops tab & choose 5/19/12 they have the details, $108 for all 3 sessions or $60 each session
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
And if I gotta settle for a piece of you, then I gotta say peace to you.
My morning at the zoo is a success! Had one person tell me they came because of my live shots - awesome.
Actually I don't remember being born, it must have happened during one of my black outs. - Jim Morrison
#moveovermasonjars RT we're talking a sliding lid that can be opened and closed with ease for the duration of your coffee...
could play for UK the program with the most wins in NCAA history, 7 Titles, and get him to where he wants to be
"Torches" is to me what "Manners" is to The perfect album for repeat-repeat-repeat listening.
Noah Scalin: the enemy of creativity is perfectionism.
You know they were great! I mixed mashed potatoes with chili (one of my favorites) best with Cincinnati style chili, though....
yes! I injured my knee - but am needing to try and get back on. I can't promise I can stay up - but I want to try. Weekend!
Following you! Follow back!
Smile you're beautiful...
TMZ... Guilty pleasure. Those guys are so funny!
Yes..And it keeps getting longer! I need to stop following fashion bloggers.
Please please please.. If you don't want to hear occasional tweets about my personal life.. Unfollow me.. It is not all the time..
geez you know Elvis got at least manslaughter in Jail House Rock !
hey pokie! still waiting for you to follow in kind. Focus! LOL
Mo here from Jockey-See you all soon! “: 'morning everyone!! Looking forward to seeing everyone at #smms the next few days!”
Surely that's easy? I give you idea. You do it.
Ouch! I hope you're ok!
But I got what I wanted now #paramore :) ;p
I'm finally starting to get decent 4G coverage while in downtown Portland. So this is what the EVO 4G was all about then.
Million Ways To Make This Money, I'm Gon Get It
I can do this. I can get through the day.
me either.
: this once before we make the perfect team We barely get along forever makin scenes
Second. MT : I have been an OWS supporter from day 1, but those that showed up at the march this evening were self-important dicks.
"I'm a Level 9 Hayekian!" -
miss being somewhere else besides tennessee! it sucks here! :(
Hm...never used it that way. Mostly "Ya'll are cracking me up!" Maybe we should just switch to "yous guys"
Thanks for following us back!! Hope youre having a sweet week!
MOMA. NYC Xmas tree. Found out I was Yugoslavian. Shiver-sang someone like you. Eventful night with
i love you
My name was Brian McGee. I stayed up listening to Queen. When I was seventeen.
Latest on Arvydas Sabonis' heart attack. We talk to a former Blazer teammate on KOIN Local 6 at 5:30
Back to back wins would be nice for phil..final rounds seem to be interesting these days.
Temple and Neumann Universities in Philadelphia region
gives the #Ethanol folks in #Iowa a shout, continues his horrendous
I'm glad I put a smile on my baby face tonight..told him let the bs go.Make ur money boo.=)
RT From my girl idillionaire ": People that say “money can’t buy happiness” either have no money or buying the wrong crap."
Ooh, your Cal grad will LOVE that program, I think. I was so impressed. xx
RT : Did you know? Tea was introduced to Europe for the first time during the sixteenth century.
Probably because of his first name
c bon g recu! good looks my G
SO to , we had a nice text convo today. Proud of u, stay humble & hungry
Last nights dinner at Paris Casino Eiffel Tower restaurant was fantastic the food excellent, my wife loved her birthday dinner, thumbs up!
Give it a shot (or 10!) The baristas at our Easton store are responsible for that creation.
Thanks boo! RT : Happy Mothers Day lol
True friends go with you when you have to get shots for your mission trip and you're scared to go alone. Mine is the best :)
Stop the "tollation" on S. Fla roads. MDX(Miami-Dade Expressway Authority) is out of control with tolls.
haha... I was mobbed outside of the Q. Ppl tore up the 2 boxes of shirts. Even gave the one off my back. Thx for the tweets!
HP, SHI, and Box. Thank you for leading the effort to provide aggregated (lowest cost) services as part of the I2 Netplus service portfolio
Frustrated by Mozy? try www.netcdp.com, take total control of your data! no commitment!
I agree with Nina .Michelle Williams for best dressed
Thanks for the follow! HUGE fans of Digital Tour Bus! We love it so much!
": Indiana Jones an the Last Crusade over here" Good one! Love Indy! :)
Studio For A Few Hours. What You Got Up?
your pretty lame.
The Knicks need to learn how to rebound
Having a Saint Bernard and a chow chow mutt is like having kids without the birth
I want to grow a ticket oak
Just got pulled over n mooresville in front of arbys. Damn police always trying to ruin munchie time.
Husband and I haven't left bed today except for church. Grilled cheese, tomato soup, 2nd season of Entouage and snuggles. So in love. :)
I <3 Hunter Hayes! :)
Hope you're having a good spring break! If you're not on spring break, I hope you're having a good week! Your friend and mascot, Shadow
How do I optimize the space in my walk-in closet? | Rubbermaid ...
"Get on twitter and delete that shit!"
The fifth of mayonnaise is my favorite holiday.
my belly button just told me your gonna notice me <U+2665>
Time's a-ticking!
why haven't you came in to Bubba's studio he has invited you? And I don't use my phone while driving except for bt!
Wahoo!!! Congrats! RT I have an on campus interview with Ball State! Thanks for helping me edit my cover letter
Dear Yahoo: If every message I mark as Spam helps your "SpamGuard" filter perform better, then WHY DO I STILL GET SPAM???
And it's snowing...April 2
so pissed off
the guys at -- including -- doin absolutely amazing things, anyone at all interested in esports #mlgcolumbus spec pass now!!
"The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary"
I thank you for your support. Talk to my wifey for me.
Ok. I guess we are trying to make #butwoof happen.
RT :Too much focus on flashy...notenough focus on learning. Still just a tool and power is in use not its existence.
hey hey hey daddy:)
nothing better than vday with my AMAZING RamStrength. $50,000 raised and rubbing shoulders with coach 'mac' and sonny lubick. i mean really.
Great Job to my boy Carlos Morales, coach of Gold Coast, doing work at Disney
I can't believe this. I don't understand!!!:((
Love the Mouse!
I HOPE YOU FOLLOW ME BACK
haha hardly. Due to softball today.
Be sure to vote for our dumplings on Sunday! The only REAL taste of Pittsburgh! Let's do this!
Chronic #illness is a family obstacle, not an individual problem.
our pleasure ;)
still lost?
In the bedroom, #Aries is *always* in charge.
Trying to emerge from conceptual hibernation.
happy 1 year friendaversary! yeah i just tweeted that
I really wanna be dropping the bass right now.... D drop the bass!!! Wom womp womp womp!! :p
Venison Sausage today only $4.25!! Gamey goodness!! I think that's how u spell gamey? Gamie, gamy, game e
Nicely done today Hard work paying off.
Why do I feel like the greatness of artist Joan Miró has been gratuitously thrown in everyone's faces this year?
2 Minutes to Midnight -
RT : Survey: More than ¼ of public middle and high school students say both gangs and drugs are present at their campuses-...
which past idol has been back on the show the most to perform? Seems like David Cook.
the final cut had some pretty graphic images. I can only imagine how worse the images were you had to go through.
Happy Mother's Day After Day Ming! xoxo
All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time. - Julie Andrews
I was bound to get sick sometime this winter<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Healthcare Reform or Not! If you don't understand the TRUTH about healthcare Expect more of the same Get your book www.theprofittrap.com
hey I am following you now. Keep me updated on your Hollywood acting exploits. JC
go play minecraft trader
#INeverUnderstood Why some people think everything should be handed to them and they're not willing to work for something
OMG Yogi is adorable :D
Forever hold your violence or speak the truth.
go to the side door
cool :-) i have the entire series on dvd. Yeah i hate RIP hoaxes also. i always double check on Google news b4 i RT them
I will be performing at Hardaway dis Thursday. I've performed Ery year since a freshman, but dis Year performance will be one to REMEMBER!
Not unless they're jumping ship.
It was...madness. Can't wait for Outside Lands. Can't. Wait.
I got so much cereal in my house . I'm bout to indulge myself .
#RunningSongThursday Stronger by Kelly Clarkson :) Post a song from your running playlist!
It tastes like glitter and rainbows
Wore my #Yankees Shirt 2day, Gonna wear my Other one 2morrow ;) Support my team & Make the Rays Fans feel stupid here =P
Ella Fitzgerald "First Lady of Song" "Queen of Jazz" & scat singer was born 25 April 1917 I was thwarted from photographing her for years
There's a really dope remix site that just launched. Check out www.clubedits.com
I didn't even know that #SHINeeSHERLOCK was coming out today._. >.< I am such a dummy, and I hate myself. (=_=)#
Unbelievable day. So thankful for the shoulders I stand on and hands tht hold me up when it feels like I'm falling.
Sending a risky text and thinking...'Oh God, they hate me,' if they dont respond within 30 seconds..
Hey Michel! I am now back in Miami and will be here for the summer (as far as I know). Would totally love to get together!
If ppl wanna say happy bday to MLK then let them, mind your own business..
Great talking to you today. says thank you and have a good weekend!
No kidding! It's making me crazy! Today's plans got ruined. Grrrr....
haha what do you mean??? Lol
LMFAO. 'I remember Christian Bale...' 'Who the hell is Christian Bale? One of your ancient actors?'...'I never believed in hitting
Truth be told, I am pretty superstitious...but I would never admit to that
I am with you. Keep on Trucking you are an insprations to all of us
fortunately, they were taken down, so now I don't even have to worry about it! Phew!
Thanks for the RT and shoutout!
Great...this can be the start of a beautiful friendship!
It was a pleasure meeting from NPR, maybe next time i can get an invite to the party LOL
Like my fan page (tony dinero)
Need more coffee this AM !! So tired today ! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><U+2615>
Miss my lil mamma though!! She'll be back soon!!
KVUE said it's a survival story. I'm going to make sure I catch the segment at 10pm.
WHAT DID YOU DO
Everyone check out all our awesome new store items!! FREE Night Owl tote bag w any purchase all week!! www.nightowlmerch.com
We are closed today. We are back open tomorrow at 11AM. Happy New Year!
RT I want 2 see Man on a Ledge starring Coffee Beanery 4 chance 2 win tix & a lb of our yummy coffee! Contest ends 10pm EST
How do we engage faculty in the CTL website material? Are we just lecturing at our faculty? - Sally Kuhlenschmidt
JK: last part of sense of belonging = identity (my sense of self, sharing myself).
Join us & tonight at Hennessey's for opening night of our nationwide beer pong tourny! Contact for info
nice stack!
Got A Few Things To Do Today..!
the schedule says long jump doesnt start until 4
I used to date her.
I am getting settled into #Giessen, Germany. Sitting in a hipster cafe because it's the only place I can find Internet. New posts soon.
Check that. 4-2 Tigers. Bases still loaded with one out in the second.
ya i know but it still doesnt mean ill get alot of sleep & im always in a bad mood if i dont get sleep solution: weekend= sleep
heh. Seriously tho, it's great. Love The End of Something Also Big Two-Hearted River (also great Bells IPA) Chap VI great too
Whats your favorite christmas song?!?!
Same to you- hopefully one of these days we can get together and share some ideas! People who love food unite!
Very exciting SAG national commercial audition on Wednesday!
Tomorrow btwn 7-10am Old Navy is offering 25% off of gifts card $50 to $200--pair it with their scarf & hat set for a quick gift.
skate sesh today was amazing :>
“: i can't put anyone else on until im on” truth
#LANL folk clearly get yesterday's approach was not gonna cut it. Big change in 'tone.'
no juice, I'm back at 665 :'(
Me 2 :-( RT : So sorry I missed this. Working. Again Soon? :
thank u
Arroyo Chapman I guess
Time for at
I'm French
Make her tap out that wil keep her mouth shut :)
Until tonight, I thought vampires were real. #DickClark (too soon?)
Threw dating black females. I'll take my chances dating outside my race. Hate r luv it. I could careless.
#NF the best LB n the #NFL!! Follow 2 join
The inspiration pixie has nipped me in the ear two nights in a row now! Perhaps picking up a pen will soon follow.
your going to get beat down by
follow maybe?
"OMG >ME ME ME< " and a few min and alex RT me, i can't breathe! ovfjajgv. Andrew reply me on April 3O. :)
Last day of school before spring break officially begins, can it be 3:15 already?
BARNEY IS MARRYING ROBIN WHAT. WHAT.
Perry cannot win now. What Ponzi scheme lasts the better part of a century? Social Security has kept tens of millions out of poverty.
thanks so much for the follow!!!
What celebrity do you think Colorado Springs curently is to Visitors?
It's said dreams come true & I dreamed about a vacation on a sunny beach at a beautiful resort somewhere in the Caribbean. Plz come true
Just saw this. Way behind w/ e-mail due to holidays & travel. Let me know about 12th or another date.
Who else is looking forward to seeing Trent Richardson run over anyone on the Pittspuke defense!!!!
On the way to NYC... 8am call time.
a www I could've been the ultimate creeper. I had my name picked out and everything!!! Hahaha #manvoicestatus ;)
BITCH I'M .POSTED IN THE BACK
I'm on a date with !
Good morning people!! Have any tattoo humor to get the day off to a fun start?!
10 minutes to help a young, tech/sports entrepreneur think through a bigger/bolder vision?
Nuggets killed the Lakers by penetration last game. Good to see them do the complete opposite this game
Thanks for the follow! Love the serious #crowdfunding attitude. ;)
Dear everyone, want to help with a last minute Nathan gift?!
so is supposed to be posting to twitter today, and is there a glitch, or have you removed support?
#ThingsTougherThanBlakeGriffen Bounty Tissues
Good Friday was GOOD !!!
I don't care what you do. Just don't involve me in it.
#balancebeamsplit I'm just curious what the other girl was gonna do right when the video stops. Edited for a reason? I wonder
Now Twitter lists and as "similar to me." That's more like it.
LMAO How the fuck did we even start talking about this? This is kinda weird xD!
whatever sinks my submarine...
can I get a Phrase Hate assessment on "guitar work"
I should be banned from Instagram.
Money makes the world go-round...round..&..round
So Will MB is out again with hamstring tightness. Everyone still ready to ship Youk out of town?
I should open my own bakery. making white chocolate covered strawberries with drizzled caramel sauce. smh at myself
I'm there with a story. The only way out is through! Good luck!
Shout out going for the sweep on the road today in Charlotte
I'm fired up!!
good luck that bio test tomorrow!
Perry clarifies his anti-cancer position.
I sent you a message on FB did you see it? my phone is being crazy or I wouldn't texted you, let me know when you get it!
Mad I missed my Pacers against the Heat
We are the global gym purple cobras and we will we will rock you deh deh s...ah
Nice clear
Great! We look forward to having you.
How u have that many shots on goal Like that and not score?!
We sat on the plane for over 2 hours before deboarding, re-checking in and then being cancelled.
josh hutcherson on punk'd? yussss.
Can't sleep! I am way to anxious
Tonight I'm starting either Coral Glynn by Peter Cameron or Threats by Amelia Gray
I loved your performance. Y'all should just win already. (:
Read a short Beverly Cleary bio last night and learned she lived in Yakima the same time as my grandma. I wonder if they knew each other.
- glad to be following you and all the best
hoping jags cause kampan but really lame MNF game
getting ready to start my day it is going to be a busy one have 4 new clients today
What a fun 'yo' fest
For anyone who follows CW&IA - our cat had a bath and my daughter just yelled "Go away no one wants to touch a wet kitty." I died laughing!
Great shot! Thanks for hanging out with us.
Why am I awake right now? Ugh, I hate school.
Good morning, UMWUG! Rise and shine for the Alma Keynote :)
Dear #WilliamKaufman would love to see #JohnnyStrong in a remake of the 1986 Heat (BurtReynolds)
Aww, thanks!! I'll see you Sunday!
Taking suggestions for new hot country-western bands to play in Far western suburbs of Chicago.... send me your thoughts.
California roll topped with spicy tuna at Kabuki in Largo!
Two reasons - You're used to them, and plenty of people have bit their style.
THX new Followers...for the follow...Peace and Blessings 2 U..LOVE U old ones...U ARE ALL SEXY PEOPLE...EVERY LAST ONE !!!! Mwah xoxo
Alyssa-PLZ!!! RT :Alright followers, is back from dinner.Let's retweet ths msg & she if she notices. *evil grin*
There will be days when it feels like God is not there, but feelings do not change reality. Jesus promised he would never leave you
Nice, how'd it go?
Inexperience. That's all it is.
Cant wait for my head to stop throbbing stupid wisdom teeth..
Lion king>>>
Hooray for iPad!! I feel productive-ish
where do you get your hats from brother?
let the games begin
MY BABY TYGA #Rack City Shyt Just Got Real.
More delicious data - yum!
Come Overtrrr &&' I Said No Comments
Need Youtube views? 2500 for only $50 Facebook likes ? 1000 for $50!!! 2 days left.
I'd love to stick around and chat about PR.
45 minutes away!!!(: so excited
Come help us drink this last keg of Two Hearted. The Oberon is itching to get tapped.
When I first moved into this place I thought, "Oh, windows over the courtyard! It'll be so quiet." Then I discovered there was a Kita…
Something more-Seconhand Serenade...
It has to happen. RT Sorry bro...We're beefin' right now!! #COYS RT : Can it be Saturday already?
That mad me feel crap
RT : Atlanta 1996 was an unmitigated transport disaster. What will be the impact of #olympics2012 on your business?...
colorful I tell you! Ha.
Haven't seen an updated board yet.
Very happy to have joined the Kindle team at Amazon! Will miss everyone at and
get the word out to your #PLN: we are collecting fav poetic lines and assoc images
Did you notice that you are wearing a silly hat?
I love Ender's Game. Crazy author, couldn't get past few pages of book 2. But first was great.
Keep your lives free from the love of money and be content with what you have... (Hebrews 13:5a NIV)
Have you met yet? She always makes me smile! :)
Selena deleted her whole Instagram.Something's going on here.I'm still worried../:
#FoDS Senior Editor Allen Tullos talking about Southern Spaces and how it relates to Digital Humanities.
I'll make it better ;)
Goin to school, pharmacy is a lot easier than ppl make it. I'm tired tho, n hungry, n thirsty, and y am I going to school today again lol
Hee! Love this.
Was so happy with my glasses, but my new prescrip sunglasses I received today were too small :( Speaking with a great CS rep
wow classes Atalanta
send more pics and gifbooms please.
we won it :D and now my bed is calling my name. Hope you have a great night!
after the late inning win in game 5 would have seen the better outfield lineup is the one that does not involve hart - he sucks
Second day shooting on the film Second Impression. Funny Stuff. Today is a busy day. I shoot 4 scenes! I'll try to share a pic from set.
I do so much research about books all the time that I'm not sure I'm a good indicator.
hell yea mayne I be up there sometimes, ill give u a holla when I am
How many cricketers share names with Yank celebrities? Bill O'Reilly, James Taylor, Will Smith...
tell RonRon I said what's up. Houston is rootin for you.
Lots of useful tips about PR networking, resume-building, and job readiness from !
I can't believe I had a Knot Stock in my fridge and haven't already opened it!
Excited to play with the app at !
Wow, tapering feels really good on the body.
My Morning Jacket - Off The Record - 05:22 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
The birds on my street are up all night, but I don't mind.
so are you saying he will replace joe thomas or do you not understand how #sarcasm works?
If doesn't quit screaming through the phone, somebody is going to get hurt.
On tonight: 's Shirley Manson. #VIBRATINGWITHEXCITEMENT. I want to see these two kittens play.
beech grove
12 Days until Mark Twain letters exhibition opens. Preparations under way...
Surprising my students with dr strangelove today. Fun times.
I'm already going w/ Mama C, but we should meet up!
Cool. -- good question re: how many pirate versions out there. Gotta look.
I love my job.
Pregaming for tonight?
My grandfather wants a convertible. I told him he should go for it but my grandmother disagrees. Who thinks he should do it? :)
The Lonesome Shovel Hypothesis
olive and june? i haven't been, but the menu looks slammin'
having used both (mt) and rackspace I'd say (mt) is generally much better. this is not their fault, its an attack
great, great sign...this guy is intelligent and will be terrific for arod...perfect fit
is wondering if you are your sexual self within the confines of your relationship.
Ouch, that hurts. $150.19 diesel fill up in our truck!
My Feet Hurt So Bad N These Shoes !
But then you make someone you Really care about laugh and you're just all asdfghjkl. XD
I've kinda been MIA on social networks lately, I'm getting back into twitter and g+ and I think I'm gonna ditch Facebook :P
is he exposed to be funny
Okay Seriously, Somebody Text Me.
You can get away with not doing it for a while, as long as you have reached a certain standard of fitness
This is too awesome!
Fat Vanessa
Missing a body? Cause one just washed up on Lake Michigan shore in Kenosha.
Thanks for today's RTs and mentions!
all cakes and buns are horrible. They're so sickly! Lol
Humane Society, local co. offer free spay/neuter surgeries
Alice in Wonderland
climbing wall tomorrow...blue v1, perhaps tomorrow will be our day.
“: Im not mad. Not sad. I just wish you the best and hope you find what you need.”
taking a shower.
Entering the twitterverse!
we have new seats in math , we don't seat anywhere near each other , 0.0
Inspiration fuels breakthroughs! Connect to your inspiration daily!
since i follo u does that mean u gonna follow me
I spun records for like 7 hours at a house party on Sunday, and a few more at home tagging with Ryan on saturday nite.
Gateway Education Ctr, SUN schools part of #pdxpan = good. Incorporate East PDX Moves
#Hai. You're good looking. I want your number
Yeppers! How much are you charging?
hi James! Any friend of Michael's is a friend of mine!
I've been having some... Interesting dreams lately.
my 1st twitter verified follower. thank you very much. are u going to cannes?
Happy birthday to my favorite curly English MAN.. I love you Harry Styles!!!!!
"One of the lessons that I grew up with was...
busy from 1-3pm friday but coffee at bourbon at 10 or 10:30 could work :) //
Haven't updated in a short while, but we hope everyone is doing well. Getting into our busy season, but love to stay in touch with everyone.
Good to hear. RT : "Saying sorry is admitting liability" <- "That's a bunch of bull", says
what wassup? Where u off to?
From now on, every time I hear someone from North Carolina say "I'm about to go make that dough!" I'll assume they're talking about "inbred"
LOl ... I Guess
ew its so hot
you don't have to wait 4-6 weeks. Order today and it's in the mail!
Thanks for the positive feedback and mention.
what? Weight loss challenge? Yeah, I will beat you hands down. Let's do it.
omg,i never wanted to stay in me bed so bad lol, my mom comes every 5 minutes and im ike 5 minutes, 5 minutes...
Obama is speaking four blocks away and every bridge is closed for security. It was way more chill seeing him speak before he was president.
Sorry to hear that Leonard. Wish we could do more.
Half the building is empty - except for the movers. That won't last, but for now the parking is great!
YES! I will be tweeting from #WrestleMania. Mostly probably about the crowd's fashion choices.
damm we were posted up waiting for at bucky
user testing is essential and doesn't take too many victims -- 5-10 is plenty
A stranger basically..ugh..how do u let him split the fam apart like that...
:) cool RT : Been eating cheese all day. I just can't seem to get enough of it. What the heck?!
I would want you to be here to record that tho.
Watching true life I have a hot mom but I don't see :(
late as usual. See you soon! xoxo
IF I WANTEED THE PRESSURE I WOULD NOT B HURT OR PUT MYSELF IN HARM
You have been followed! ahaha
hello its nice to meet you
#NW franklin with these little rascals
Oh and we've had a request for Joss too, which we can totally do. PS, anyone know a really good Joss impersonator in the Portland area?
correction, I'm skipping class tonight not sure what my plan is now haha
Wishing he was home for Christmas
You just have a string on your back you keep pulling, right?
DBA this friday!
Never said anything about a thug.
Must be something in the air! My son went TWICE yesterday! Woohoo!
Same, Thank you.
Is this bar in Pittsburgh?
Hey early risers! Keep an eye out. We are getting something going for y' all. Stay tuned! Don't worry, We're not going anywhere (:
Sick. Not fun
please just marry me already.
Do it.
"Wishes never come true but I hope you do."
Puppy playdate is happening today in the garage. Generalized doggish cuteness will ensue.
the library will be open this Saturday from 9-5...
Someone check to see if Yost has money on the #Royals being no-hit tonight. WTF is up with these lineups?
RT : Live chats: 4pm Sat; 6pm Sat Sun; + slew of bloggers @ 8pm Sat
Hm today . . . . Really nice out so that means downtown/lake for me :)
“: What's SAS mean?” San Antonio Spurs? I hope.... now my mind wanders & I'm afraid to ask.
dtc?! down to cuddle ^.^
“: I am in serious need of some dupstep and rumps. Westport stat!”no lie said this to Megan last night!
Not so worried anymore.
it's the context that makes it special. And as long as I have your attention--my students loved your CSS3 book last fall.
Good tbl change. Except i get min 3b by old guy. Flop OESD and have to fold.
Pretty awesome April Fools Day joke (I hope) by 'Adblock' extension... all ads in my browser are now replaced by cats.
Anyone who angers you conquers you. - Elizabeth Kenny
Big time-->RT : was well worth the investment to attend #careertl2012!
Thanks brother, it was good to see you too. I'll be back before you know it.
The concept behind 1 Tiny Step is amazing. Love this idea.
miss you :/
but I mean... If its in the bible they should believe it... I don't think they should just be able to choose.
Thanks. Give me a location and I'll meet you guys for a drink around 7, if you're up for it.
UK's Daniel Orton just checked into the hotel - he's excited to room with teammate Jon Hood!
Any #Davy Jones fans out there in the Twin Cities? We'd love to hear you memories.
I guess I'm the only one who used to arrange my color pencils by size & color and pretend I was principal of a segregated elementary school.
SO JEALOUS!
I love it when I read stuff upside down and it looks like some different word.
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us. Without their great talents this would not be possible!
Hard to top this time of year... Tuesday afternoon college basketball AND spring training baseball.
Amusing, but too many mixed memes to be properly useful.
Mary J. Blige's 'legend' status never ceases to befuddle me.
Omfg ! The season finale of vampire diaries...was so fucking crazy. Lol i feel like a lil ass kid getting this excited about a show ...
Bernie Sanders just said "Wall street regulates congress, not congress regulates wall street" and "nobody has gone to jail yet"
Damn , bitch . Feels like I haven't talk to you in forever ! Lmfao . What's good ? : Whatss Hannin' ? Lol !
last time i have to set my alarm to wake up for high school..........sorry everyone these next couple of tweets are gonna be corny and IDC:)
I love how is on #RHONJ and #CelebrityApprentice on the same night. Congrats hunny!!!
RT #nggs11 Show how your work dovetails with agency priorities, think thru risks, gather evidence, express your idea intelligently
you're the man. period.
why is my kindle fire late with new books from u?
hey hey you guys should go on first tonight because we've been here since 11 and are now sick but want to see you guys x
I'm thinkin bout it. It would prolly be expensive though. :-/
working with on !
air drying at my computer
Hopefully I can get a good nite rest for school... so I can learn
such great days when your young, and we where not scared of others or thier judgment of us, or rejection. lets be kids again.
No one ever gets rewarded for what they receive; you get rewarded for what you give...
Looking forward to meeting the Twitter king from Daytona later this morning, We'll see if he's on here before then!
Please note that we'll be closing early this Saturday, Dec. 24th (open 10am-2pm), and we will be closed all day on Sunday, December 25th.
Have a final to take a final online today but it's not showing up for anyone in my class.Shocking!
I still gotta keep my eye on you.
Therapy is expensive, but bubble wrap is cheap
I woke up this morning feeling like I kinda have the flu :(
Nah :p
RT - If anyone took New England -4 in Week 1 you will be sitting nicely. The Patriots are now at -7 against Miami at s...
no matter what happens though. shit will work itself out. especially if its best for everybody.
haha same. i am taking quizes. but i only got 5 questions done
Thursday is coming very fast.
National Coffee Day? I know I need to drink less coffee. Just not today.
anyone want to talk about the hunger games with me? i am so late to the game but i want to discuss! only first book for now.
#ComedyAwards an awards show thats actually funny for once.
Someone just gave me chocolate billion dollar bill, and it says "In Bunnies We Trust." Good thing I didn't give up chocolate! ()
so pumped! When is Dale Jr. Jr.?
Ima be real... I cant live without SEX!
I saw that, not a real JBJ fan, but I am now!!! Classy guy!!!
See y'all there!
well then. Umm vampired diaries is on. Other than that, I got nothing. Lol
Great to connect!
for some reason you popped into my head, I hope all is well
Sold out screenings and lots of love for Detroit here at Sundance.
hi ! I'm the founder of & doing a Startup Journey panel on 6/7. Would love to have u as guest speaker to inspire next gen!
hm what do you suppose it means that I was totally incapable of seeing the word"love"?
belltown come back to belltown! Clever Bottle, Upstairs, Belltown Pub, Croc Back Bar!
Vodka Alert. Do not buy UV's "Cake" Vodka. It tastes like candle wax.
Wish I had to work tonight;
I'm about to flip the fuck out.
April 2: NACUBO, CSHEMA, & NACUA webinar: "Lab Accidents in the News: Institutional and Individual Risks, Roles and Responsibilities"
psa milwaukee its really slippery outside, wear your yaktrax, drive carefully or not at all if you have to go to work
yea, I mean oovoos ok, but personally I like Skype better, just bc oovoo doesn't work on my computer-_-
we work here at save20global hq
Very cool! Hey, it's been over a year since last had lunch...we're due!
Hope you guys have a great Easter!
Bass down. Guitar today!
Hope yall don't mind but I'm gonna post pics of me LoL :P
#books I quit reading Wilbur Smith's "Those In Peril" He wrote all Muslims as bloodthirsty psychos. He used to be one of my favorite authors
Join us this weekend: RT Art cart derby races this weekend sns.mx/7ffuy7
Thanks for passing these along, Shane. That is a big discrepancy between what the docs at GBMC were saying.
Sunny day today in NYC!
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I Told Her She Was Gonna Be A Grandma!!!
Yeah, it's not my favorite word either. Often used as a weasel word.
thanks. Just got home, turning on the game. Finally... Baseball.
“A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.” – Sir Winston Churchill
#LL my whole life
so cool! #herworld. Hope you enjoy the book.
Thank you! “: Happy birfday!!”
Pretty sure I hear an Acapella Group singing outside my window :) :) unless im hearing showtunes in my head?? Tonight is hilarious :)
best news i,ve heard all day can't wait to hear it!!!!
call me tmrw when you wake up
Wait Fonz wasn't free???!! Shit someone owes me some money!
reminding everybody, it's not about the money. Not every can be instagram. Only a few ppls make big win like that.
How would you knw without even trying!?
Dickey&#39;s Is Ready To Party With New Catering Packages
Ok, you 2 still owe us a hug! RT : grub was fantastic. We're telling our friends. Well be back!
You better, or else I will come and get you from where ever you are(:
Had a small issue with someone trying to steal this account... Sorry for the last week of missed shows!
Who want's to text
Screaming hbd to hope my nigga enjoy your birthday, ilove you fooh!!
This Byrd really think im bout 2 do dis work wat I look like???
Golden Hill never looked so good.
This morning's + @ motorola announcement is also a bonanza for lawyers and politicians . . . #ftc #fcc #doj …
Are you a celeb?
Swam 2 hours straight today doing laps
What about both at the same time? That is something to see.
also, it remains to be seen just how much we'll lose from Gonzo/Gamel with Izturis, Ish, Green.
Got an order , 200 asian jelly desserts by Saturday morning . -_-
i got my first double earlier today :), three moabs in two games. Called it a day after that
“People do not seem to realize that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character.”Ralph Waldo Emerson
Plenty of baseball left
see it helps you learn a lot.....
I'm proud of the way the #Nuggets battled tonight. Easily could have rolled over down 19 in the 3rd. Showed a lot of heart.
Just finished the Man U game on DVR Rooney with the sick goal
That's why we've worked so well together, my brother.
what a life you lead. Nice! can i borrow 20 dollars? lol . No sun in brooklyn today
plzz come.to.northstarr your mahomies wanna see you befor you go
May 4th every year. It's a play off the line "May the force be with you" May the 4th...
There were actually a few Lost Boys at my High School although I didn't get the chance to know them.
Gonna follow some ppl back:)
Your A's fans are a tough crowd bro. Starting to think I should go over to the NL. Might be safer.
Shorty's comes to Murray Hill! They have THE best Philly Cheesesteaks!
long story short swung on a dude.. and it got broken up and then he didn't want it after that
Great orientation, ! 4 goals for the day... be safe, have fun, learn something, and be productive!
check out my latest RT... you should write an article about finding your BFF Sean D!
Had the most randomn phone interview ending with beyonce n the versatility of scarves.made an impression tho'.intersting
Haha #whenthis chick doesnt wear a bra and you can see her nipples !
Your wardrobe needs a face lift! Lmao
History Channel says Easter eggs intro to Christianity in 13th C. Research suggests not later than Pope Gregory 590-604.
My car hates me. -___-
Maybe I shouldn't have deleted my entire website before I figured out what I needed to do on the next revision.
I sent my number, but then got an error message - please let me know if you did not receive it and I will re-send! Thanks :-)
heel no"
10 new #blogs were added to LatestBlogPosts.com today. If you are a #blogger, feel free to add your blog to LatestBlogPosts.com.
Kenny Brit is reason #2903582 why I started this damn website. WTF
I hope my prom isn't like this :(
#CHIROPRACTORS if ur attending the in LV be sure 2 stop by booth 727. FREE sample kit from while they last.
More popular than My Little Pony? RT : Drive is now the most popular thing on Netflix Streaming.
Actually Do something Greater than you and #god will do something greater for you. Think about that one lol
I sacrificed homework for this!
Hope your open house went well.
he has such a perfect body for a guy uh yum c;
Summer :) I need warm
Ashamed at how much I dig the new bublé single. .... I'm ashamed.
Tight track & Video fam,
takes at least 3 days of watching DVR to get through it all
Yes! RT : haa. not in a skirtathon way but most definitely when i'm walking the red. carpet.
is mean to me
Kimya Dawson, March is thesis-writing month. Come in May instead, seel-voo-play.
Spring break flew by way too fast. Summer where you at? <U+E42D><U+E04A><U+E054><U+E307>
you gotta start somewhere, right?
Maybe I should've said avocado farm. Haha
RT : The final top-five in both polls: Alabama, LSU, Oklahoma State, Oregon, Arkansas.
All of the "good stuff" remains confidential. Net-net we should be proud of and what he accomplished.
Haven't been on twitter for he's revising for loads of exams urrgg Stressful <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
C'MON greeny...I know you're a #Bulls fan at heart....I remember when you covered them in
Then you must like 80% of them so far! #brandbowl RT : put a dog in a commercial and Im pretty much guaranteed to enjoy it
If ur back home in CO...head ur ass down to my nigga Young Crackas video shoot in lakewood...Sheridan n colfax!!!
Love when my teacher says I'll fail a test and I get a
no frrom my god yes
Oops! Now you know my "dirty" secret. :)
hahaha I realized that after I posted it. It's a lyric!!! Hahaha
WOW! I don't even breath that often!
DVD Review: Singin' in the Rain - 60th Anniversary of a Glorious Feeling via
Only two more days until Monday!
just sold one like that. It was listed in December, closed Thursday. Finally had to just ask them to stop smoking in the house.
NOSOA - Sudbury need to present itself as a local city and google map will show Sudbury to the world.
WATCH BATMAN AND PIRATES!!! Only watched Shrek when I was a kid. Didn't bother with Indiana Jones. Hah
So excited! Found a place that still has Expedition Stout. Even though it's a little warm for imperial stouts I had to get em
yay you have a act too! Im not crazy hahaha
50 more days until the pool opens!
RT TAMPA/WESTCHASE UPDATE: Accident reported by on WB Linebaugh near Westchase Elem involves a bicyclist.
I just pooped! Medium amount. Sausage-shaped, but lumpy, almost rope-like. Possible constipation.
you make the show ... sing the swedish song!
What wine do you suggest with it?
The "last letter of the alphabet" key on my laptop isn't working… wonder how much thats gonna suck this weekend..
Nice. When did you look at? I was most amazed by condition of original woodwork and concrete floors mostly throughout.
Listening to "I Will Always Love You," Whitney Houston. We will miss you, Whitney. :(
I'm drunk. And back. Booya. -kemmler
Great song especially on Sunday morning but still don't get the lyrics of Levon.
very sad that i will not be goin to warped tomorrow :*( fucking back injury gonna missall the great bands especially BVB& Asking alexandria
Hope the #causemarketing info was helpful. Ask Diane on the #givingshow designed to bridge #philanthropy and
count me in!
what is a duck face?
Defeat your enemies with SUCCESS
you accept recipes, right? I came up with this white radish soup and I'm kind of on myself about it...
Today shall be a great day:)
Ok I'm back.
RT : “Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.” ~
Wow, just wow. SMH....no pictures?
Good lookin bro! Already knowin bro we in dis bitch til we drop!
aww mama u need a text buddy
if you let me,Here's what I'll do...I'll #TakeCare of you :)
Vega Communications preparing for meeting with Energy of the City
Thanks so much! Super excited to be representing SF small businesses!
#ireallywant to go to bamboozle but i live in the south :\
RT only if you promise to play House Music
Yes we have many deals for The Maldives, Any suggestions to put on Site?
I'm gonna put a curse on you and all your kids will be born completely naked. - Jimi Hendrix
you're not invited because you persecute and judge those who are not Christian. Did you really think you would be?
I'm going to print PARKER out scribble all over it, and ship it to you. Spuns good? :-)
Boycotts work wonders in a money-driven society. Hopefully this continues; pitiful that it's necessary.
Ok. We'll I'll still keep an eye out. GO SPURS GO!
I have officially submitted my very last term paper of the semester!
You're gonna be so jealous when I bust out my moves at book club!
lmfao , oh haha thats funny ;D okay dear c;
All I Want is You.! But all the songs are good!
I wouldn't worry too much since it is a matter of context; what and why we are tweeting, and to whom we are tweeting :-)
Singapore Air still wins the award for hottest stewardesses
Question 1: If I’m wearing sunscreen, I can stay in the sun as long as I want. Tweet True or False using #acsskin for a chance to win.
So, finally hitting your 40s?
I hate when people repin my pins on Pinterest and I know that they hate me. Like no. Only I can do that creepy shit.
you said cod or porn right?
I think I'm going to watch a movie.
If you don't try you'll never know
We need to REALLY come together and support each other in a way like never before. Think tanks and partnerships
So I've been listening to Where the Boys At since yesterday i love that song and I cant wait for their album
of course girl! How are things going?
"I wish I could meet I think I got the fever!" -
Thanks man!
is my new favorite.... hahahh
Whenever I decide to date again, I'm gonna make sure I'm the only one
I believe that we will win! I believe that we will win!
lol fa real i dont need u to get any blacker
how's diet/kids/wife/life?
What can I do to show you I'm sorry?
Great music to unwind and dance to!
Owls are way too cute for enslaved labor / civil servitude / the USPS. I stand by pigeons. cc.
Should prostitution be legalized in the Las Vegas area ?
I can't I have a lunch workshop. But eat something delicious for me!
Perfect. “: #your RT : Your scared of Skip, because you know he will win.”
Sure are :) Aries are always fun!
“: Shout out to #NewFollower”
please tell me it's going to be a beautiful day on Saturday in Westport, CT im getting married!
Some things never change
Thank you for the
Lol. Your video?
HE'S IN A DRAMA AND I SAW WEDDING PICS!!! THEY WERE FAKE BUT I WA LIKE OMG!!!! THAT'LL BE ME IN A FEW YEARS!!!
If anyone was having trouble tuning in to our sports broadcast, it's fixed now!
That club sounds intriguing, though. Looked up a couple of musicians I didn't recognize. cc
Good times! ": Ok so im on to the next. Gotta hit up my bff #momillsnightout"
good n you
#Oomf Always Tweeting With Action . Ex : * shrugs* *looks around* *throws*
MHTX making a little noise......
u meanking james who eyem biast with and thinks is the greatest basketball player to live ever.
Sad news today - Adam MCA Yauch
Heading to work #Bestie, talk to you in the am:-)
smooch right back atchya!
I was watching tv. A Hunger Games commercial came on. I got so excited, I jumped...and punched myself in the nose...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
I think it depends on who is cast as Richard Burton chemistry baby chemistry
Glad to get out of Easter mass and see an #Arsenal win.
good mornin gorgeous and wat movie is that
Good morning beauts and gents! Lets give them even more reasons to talk about you today.
I want Diggy's album ~Tisha
¦I don't think I did so good on this one¦
Reading is like eating. Whenever I finish a great story, I tend to sigh and then have an urge to go for a walk.
YAY! We're so happy to hear this.
#DontDeleteICONicBoyzTwitter The Boyz are the only thing i think about and wanna go on Twitter! <3
Met with an excellent and professional agent last week, we'll see what happens.
#Schine, The Three Weissmanns of Westport. Somewhat overrated modern recasting of Sense & Sensibility, set on the Long Island Sound.
very true! thanks for the shout out :)
Beltre error is still looming. I'm still in awe that it happenned. Game was tailored made for a 2-1 win.
I get to spend time with my peeps today during the Puget Sound #VO Circle!
Always good when the boyfriend gets u a present of cute undies out of nowhere. :) love
I need tlsomething to do on friday night. Anytakers. I get in SA at 9:55 and then im going to my hotel. Someone take me out.
"who keeps tweeting their car horn!"
Big Friday night finishing up THE LOST GATE by Orson Scott Card. Great YA/Sci Fi story if you missed it.
COMING SOON: January 2012 - Be sure to follow us and be among the first to know about Nightlife events in ABQ. Thanks!
Huge fan of your work, ! Dig that you would eat Arby's and use the word hosers.
Like it =)
extra special mounting tape that wont rip the covers at all when I remove them :)
is it true brenda song is expecting a baby ?? So curious and excited for you guys if its true :):)
My "Won't Say A Word" video comes out tomorrow!
yo, where's that film finals list?
"Our governor then was Arnold Schwarzenegger --" solo whoop from the back of the hall -- "YOUR FRIEND Arnold Schwarzenegger"
Hank Jr. Told ESPN he was pulling his song from Monday Night Football. They can never use his song again.
LG Electronics plans to introduce Google TV in US
RT : Whenever I screw up at work I'm so glad I'm not a
I'm looking at your blog. That photo of the old man with the camera, leaning against a pillar. Wonderful!
yes it is!
Would "solemnify" work? Solemnize? Majestify? Aggrandize? Deepen?
were you at
“: WEST COAST! New # NCIS with Jamie Lee Curtis & as our guests starts in 3 minutes at 8!” &the dad from boy meets world
Since when did the post-2009 version of Juan Carlos Ferrero smoke forehands like that? (I'm not complaining.)
Thank you! Unknown to most, you Brits also love your food spicy, especially Indian cuisine. :D Thanks for sharing your tweets
yikes! I miss you too Russ:) haha
On my way to #dc Wilson aquatic center. I know I don't swim fast (or well) but if I can at least float I'll consider it a
Or in my bathroom. I own it. Along with "The Gas We Pass" and "What's Your Poo Telling You?". Good reading.
Don't miss the first co-op farmers market of the season ! Going on until 2pm today!
Crazy man, these mixes are making me crazy, and a little thirsty. Every one we do sounds better than the last.
It's about damn time!
EVERYONE FOLLOW if u do u win 31 followers if u follow her tweet her ''swag'' she follows back
Glad you like it, thanks for sharing!
awesome product...this'll be a lot of fun!!!
Keep your vagina . I don't get down with the flaps .
ok me: i did that for you
Cut up my roasted chicken, to romanie lettace, some cheese, zuchinni and yellow squash and creamy Orlando's dressing. Sound good?
I hate it when stores do that. It makes no sense!
Just did! (don't know why it took us so long ;))
thank you Soraya!!!
game with Miles and his Pop!
Easter recipes top Google&#39;s food-related search terms
you can't phase this.
In my next life, the role of Mary Tyler Moore will be played by Madeline Kahn.
How dare he?! Jeez RT : #Saudi blogger arrested, facing calls for execution after tweets about prophet Muhammad
Its not like Rickie can hit 70's 80's or 90's, might as well try 100's
Throwing Roz Savage in my bag this morning: 'Rowing the Atlantic'. Hopefully take my mind out of the city for a few minutes each day.
Can someone plz explain to why hash tags really matter?
Release the friggin' disco ball!
Had a Cinco De Mayo gig earlier. A guy yelled More Accordion & threw Chiclets so I guess it went well. I did find out I make a lousy Mexican
Soldiers and body parts seems to be a feature of all wars. cf. fingers and skull trophies in Vietnam and WWII
I luv er awlready :) RT : My wife is British.
Captain Cook's Journal During The First Voyage Round The World
do it tomorrow!
BlackBerry World 2012 to focus on old products
you guys were playing like shit even with amare and melo were on the floor, 30 pt loss sound familiar?
Bout to play 2k12 with my lil brother.
RT "It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are" #quote e.e. cummings
LOL! how groovy... I don't have the research paper blues any more! It's great to be in the Empire today... haha
RT : I am giving away a month of membership!! Who wants it??
I liked AVENGERS, but I miss the days when I was scared a movie's villain even had a chance. Never worried = Never cared.
Thnx for the Saturday shout out!
I WAS IN THE COMPUTER LAB AND I WAS SUPPOSED TO DO THIS PACKET BUT INSTEAD I WAS LISTENING TO #SaySomething.<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
In Tennessee. (:
writing an actual review of 'The Cheese Monkeys' for my blog & GoodReads. Started writing thinking I liked the book, but now Im not sure.
Got some killer followers in the last few days. Welcome!
thanks! too bad you missed out on the little jig that went with it.
My attitude is not gross I just hate hearing about BS that cause me to get out of my character with folks
Something fishy goin' on-- naive, kept pressin' on..
Good Luck Boys!
Okay okay I know tomarrow I will start my diet.
Bye day for my #marathon training today. Enough shoveling anyway.
Ive heard not at all only of you tryin to take 50 kids....LOL
Trying to decide on the winning comments for the contest video. THIS IS SO HARD ;_;
Nothing happens unless first a dream.
Was at Eve 6 tonight. Will be there tomorrow. ;-)
wondering if she knows how ridiculous she sounds..
I've lost track of how many people have asked me if my camera was a real tattoo. I don't mind. I know it's pretty badass.
Never be afraid to be kicked in the teeth. Let the blood and the bruises define your legacy
Who else wants to skip the rest of the workday and go outside and read in the park? (or go see Hunger Games)
Westbrook harrassed Blake tonight, good win!
Who cares if you learn how to crawl or walk before running? It's most important to be headed in the right direction to hit your goals!
Call today to schedule your bridal consultation with Aubrey. It's YOUR day to shine & our staff will make it happen. 412-854-6881.
I'm gonna do my best to come! Would love to see u in action (again)
hiding in my room from people that are at my house but I'm DYING of thirst...
You must think I'm stupid or something.
lolol I have a problem.
Thank you, Gayle!!
This is a really helpful document! Thanks for creating and sharing it.
The founders didn't mean to build a nation on the principle that anyone can say whatever s/he wants while waving a gun around.
Kevin Smith, you rule! :D
I just stepped on a cornflake. Now, I am officially a cereal killer.
Yes I'm learning this from your tweets. I laughed when I got a msg from "Jugs Malone"
How happy is your hour right now? Quervo Sweet and Sours…only 5 bucks!
If half of the people in this class were replaced with rocks the level of intelligence would increase by 50%
what did you think of the walking dead finale?
Lakers bigs came up big on that last rebound. The White Zombie (Steve Blake) not so much.
Great quote by "From an algorithms perspective, this is a great time to be alive."
#celticschat keep using those T's and soon you wont have any left..=D
Thank you for having me. I am so grateful to have met you and all the other wonderful people at the Encuentro. Fantastic!
My nigga I'm faded !!!! Ayye
hay baby
What is wrong with Tyler the Creator's head? Like really?
Good to see Bynum coming back, Lakers still need new blood!
delete it and redownload it...that's what I had to do
Jim Hubbard? Does he want all three of us to get together or just you and me?
RT : In honor of Wine Wednesday, I'll drink a glass while studying for finals
There is nothing as distracting as walking by the outdoor patio at Justins on the way from the train
I think we want girls to be strong and take care of themselves. It comes back to bite us. Mine is driving me crazy.
RT : The early bird gets the first cup of coffee. (Cc: ) / I got a whole pot!
HH Students are collecting funds to help with tornado-affected families in southern Indiana. Be sure to donate and be a helpful Hoosier!
#Np French Montana - wherever we go ft. Wale,, this song is ToUgH.
You cannot patch a soap bubble.
: "wait..what time is it in japan?" -
Killing more antivirus processes. What's the /real/ virus here?
please follow me or wish me a happy birthday today it would really mean a lot coming from u
This time next year I won't have to worry about going places cuz I will have my driver's L & my own whip! Can't wait
Tonight's's the last chance to catch The Parking Lot Movie at Vinegar Hill Theater in Charlottesville: 2 SCREENINGS LEFT!: 7pm, 8:45pm.
oh yea, lmao!
Heh. “: bin it. Technically you have fixed the problem. No phone, no problem :)”
cumbersome should be a word that's forgotten. thanks to seven mary three.
Thanks for the hugs today, Man, I love my job!
“: And w the 8th pick in the #NFLDraft the Miami Dolphins select Rudy from Notre Dame.” literally laughed out loud
Finishing "day" with coffee on State Street and tonight (7 pm) with presentation w/ UW Madison Ag Business Club to promote
Should I go see cabin in the woods??!
Its good to keep a very good peraonality than to be an asswhole.
In theater with an un-memorized monologue...I hope I don't present :S
You make me feel like a grandma..
I like what you are doing here. You just followed me. I am following you back as I should. ;)
To purchase tov Comparison consumer surveys and ratings store Russell Khobbs TOV Of pitstsa the type of merchandise TOV :-)
Wittman says using hub won't solve problems
How's the weather where you are?
Passive agressiveness is like an SBD fart.
Lisa Burns is welcoming participants now providing some opening remarks on the day.
I hope you'll like it! thanks for the followback
yeah man , this like a get away lol
|--_~| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Watching Princess Diaries 2 with Grams <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B5>
I think the only way I'd watch "Mad Men" is if they had a "Game of Thrones" crossover.
I will be surfing soon:)
It got cold on Seattle today but it still ain't no
Let's Go!
same to you
Robinson cano hits bombs
The Morning Benders- Bedroom Covers is really doing it for me at the moment.
Nothing fancy. Just checking out functionality, interfaces, etc. Call me nosy.
Tell Me about It But Tomorrow I'm On All That lol
Feed your day-drinking munchies large 1 topping pizza only $9 now until 11pm
Merry Xmas pretty girl. Didn't know they had Xmas in S. DaKoder.......
Swans at my parents hs on mv - record temps today
Do you ever find yourself filling space just to make sure you're using every one of your 140 character limit on Twitter? Hm? Well, do you?
Place departing address(home) in box A Place arrival address(BHS) in box B Click get directions
#IGoToASchool With retarded / mean ass teachers
County first responders on scene of overturned vehicle eastbound I-66 near the Great Falls Rd overpass. Expect delays until cleared.
Thanks to our attendees for staying until the bitter(sweet) end of #loex2011 to see our presentation on digital wisdom! Safe travels, all.
Indian apples!
Thanks for the kind words, Dan! Looking forward to hearing you play soon!
Dessert time!
Hey you should give a free shirt to follower #409 !!
. Limited Vinyl on-sale at Noon EST today plus Free digital version up for next 24 hours-> www.sloanmusic.com
We will be in touch.
Thanks for all the info!
BallisLife!!! Now time for the weightroom!!
Of course the elevator stops working when everyone is moving out. Should be interesting!
your dogs hair!!
Sometimes to lose balance for love is part of living balanced life.
but i've watched the entire series like, 6 times. might have to do it again thoooo. good POINT.
See you Saturday night at the double door yea?
ah nice! what do you think of the music!?
I have the Kindle 2 wifi version, love it.
#icantgoadaywithout eating a DotFit bar! I should seriously buy stock in that company.
The energy/excitement at the youth media awards is intense
you talk dirty to her. so i can only imagine what the relationship is then!
im Goin to the parade Today : ))
Sterling: you cannot give me (anyone) everything that I want,or solve all problems, so don't try #ixda11 try for the permanent beta
How is everything!? R u going to Paris? Did u hear bak from that place in austin? DM me if u want
Thanks for asking, Chris - sent you a DM.
Once im over something, then comes the I dont care anymore, then its focus up time!...#aHuniT!
Weight training is going great! Every day motivates me closer to the goal: stronger body, losing the last few pounds & greater daily focus!
. praying for ya brother
BSG thanks all Veteran's who have served in our Armed Forces! Without your sacrifice, we wouldn't be the Land of the Free!
Paddle your way to tranquility on Florida’s rivers
Workplace #safety tip: An ergonomic chair reduces the risk of lower back injury, provides lumbar support & allows for a variety of seated...
where is breakfast
Franchise News IFA Acts to Protect Small Business Against Anti-Business “Card Check” Regulatory Tactics IFA Acts to Protect Small Busin
Welcome to the new #Brill Publishing twitter feed!
Fuente Aged Selection OpusX Lighters by Prometheus in stock
maybe another Dragon sneak peek today?
Admin Assistant job in MPLS interest in working as an admin for a financial services firm with a great team: , ,
just beasted my run. chilln for the rest of the night.
#grammy album of the year. adele, 21.
I thought mr adams made that up!
I DM'd you his email address as well.
And that's the way ya do it
oh and I need this place to have a laundry facility (because I act like a Mexican with 8 kids doing laundry)
everything in life isn't meant to be planned.... some things will just happen
How about those jets
Eight tickets left for #Wicked! $40 in 254 Mudd.
If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over? -John Wooden
listen www.youtube.com/sorawentv
you'd probably like being near a Target anyhow
is my favorite site cause Britney fans around the world are united & this site serves as my daily newspaper.
Just made my own targets to break in my shiny New sigsauer mosquito 22
Happy Easter!
ima go to sleep babe ill call you in the morning sweetdreams
Today in Blues History: Singer Hank Ballard born Nov 18, 1936, in Detroit, Michigan
finally out..its too nice out here if ur lookin for me il be a pulaski park hoopin
Thank you, Lovely Lady!
Sweet Tart shot kicked in on the walk home.
or 1 ferret ill call it fair
Mix the wrong feelings together, the right kind of bad with the wrong kind of good, and you'll wind up with a total breakdown.
u stole it
every girl is beautiful in her own her way:)
Lady Gaga & Little Monster. This isn't just an idol and fans, this is a family. What we have is special.
shopping spree? Lol
So strange RT “: God almighty. The REF shoved Roman”
hows it going?(:
I'm on Spring Break, Yeah! Now what do I do with my first day off?
I don't take anything you say seriously either. I hope yalll know dattttttt.
tomorrow !! Early take kevin
yes!!! Can't wait!
Dis nigga cologne smells like cooking oil!
Taking a big test tomorrow D; if I don't pass them I'm gonna flunk :( wish me luck plz? <3
I don't know if I remember how to drive lol
no worries man .... By the way u should love ur hairy legs !
GM to my twitter pplz and to the fam FWM
fools be coming outta no where.
we received our shipment of liquid goodness today! We will enjoying your wine with our family this Christmas. Merry Christmas
It's a Tuesday. Seems like compelling reason for chicken.
that should have said DUDE!.. sorry too many post hockey game beers
Let's play : Stand-by!, pt. 2
have you tried almond butter yet? I know I know.... not the same...
I forgot about Hans. Good One. How about Grand Admiral Thrawn- Star Wars Heir to the Empire.
#JamesDolan Will Do Watever To Help The Team I Kno The #Knicks Has Not Been Winners For A While But He Always Spent Tons Of Money On Team.
I want to be able to wake up on the seaside every morning
Ima be so bored in Gardena...I know no one out here
's boyfriend video....... oh dear lord. i thought it wasn't possible for him to get even more attractive... i was wrong.
great party last night!! so glad i won tickets!!
pick-up soccer in Mission. KS on Saturday (New Years Eve) morning. Need a workout?
my 7 grade one I looked fucking retarded >.<
Cool. You should talk with about our API, too :) What markets are you guys in?
I just have TurboTax running right now
thanks for the address. Will probably be in Itewon again - hope to stop by, only a couple more days in Seoul!
You can tell the people that don't get Paid til next week.. They Tweets Bitter as Hell right now! :)
wedding and softball this weekend, quince, a concert and irish fest next weekend. I'm a buzy bee bzz
we will have no quarrel with scienas boot
Fuck.. My Sims game don't work anymore :(
WTF has Disney Channel & Nickelodeon turned into ?!!?! ^.^
Patron-driven acquisitions; E- preferred books and poor metadata for them: lots of retirements RR summary
I like to throw in a Billy Madison quote any time possible =) RT : Haha well played
also need to stop worrying about being first all the time. Just get it right.
thank you :D
For I will give you words and wisdom that none of your adversaries will be able to resist or contradict. (Luke 21:15 NIV) Felt led 2 share.
You need to come to Nashville and put on a actual concert!! <21 (:
that's a VRY professional looking profile pic.
Make me one when I get back RT man all I'm missin is sum nacho cheese doritos
Irony: I had a nightmare last night about leaving babies behind. #NotAMommy?
“: Twitter managers in full effect right now.” No kidding!!
Wow. Jackhammer at 7:50am outside my window, then doorbell ring at 9:50am, and NV Energy resetting power (and alarm clock) a few mins later.
mhmm. this actually could be a good thing. (:
Going to stay at my dads for the first time in MONTHS!
"Every Mission is Possible, despite inevitable dangers. Trust your abilities, Ignore fear, be creative and complete the task!"—DJohnson T&B
When Your Absolute Best Guy Friend Makes Terrible Choices And Might As Well Disappear.
I would def. ride the phones if I am Hammond and have a free moment..
Hanzo Archives helping companies archive their web presences for both corporate history preservation and legal protection.
RT : "People take more action when you take more interest."
Here at least! Headed to bed so I can have an awesome day tomorrow!
can get the dick, the whole dick, and nothing but the dick.
NBA really pushing their "global image." Sponsor on jerseys probably a good brand play. Makes them look more "global."
1405 words written - I only need 1000 more in 9 hours
early birdie
I seen at least 5 bands on Bourbon St Friday night alone better than Fray! Wasn't feeling the Anthem!
Congratulations to Bower Shipe and Gladden for winning the Smashbox makeup giveaway! PM me for details.
Bouta be at baseball:D
happy to supply the earplugs.!
#StalkerStatus I remember running away from her.
It's on Sunday in HERMOSA. lol that's fun to say..... HERMOSA. xD
At the Ace Hotel...if I just play on my iPhone I'll fit in.
RT : is proud to drop the bass with at The Ohio State University on Saturday, May 12th for #BigFreeConcert 2012
RT $6 Trillion In Fake US Treasury Bonds Seized In Switzerland: ackthpt writes "If you're going to steal, steal big......
When Roethlisberger raped that girl, I wonder if he at least gave her a terrible towel to clean up?
RT : Fruit and Veggie salad bars are an easy way of incorporating #localfood. #Farm2School Doesn't require recipe adaptation
1. Collect details while filming. Date time location if able to do so. Noteworthy info if available or if safe
"When a theater refused to show 'I Am Curious,' Mr. Rosset bought the theater. He then sold it back after showing the movie."
so bored.
Have a great Thanksgiving everyone!!! :)
about it if I can come or not because that's the only time I am available, REPLY BACK PLEASE! I WANT TO GET THINGS SORTED OUT!
I hope you have a WONDERFUL birthday !!! May all your wishes come ture ! Happy Birthday Michele ! #LoveTheMahomies <3
Thx for the follow...following you too!
Criminal Minds is an amazing show!
i want a job over summer that pays well ! i would love to work at a camp
It's 11:11 if only could answer my question:)
I said don't worry about a thing, because every little thing is going to be alright.
Hi guys(: haha
Danny Ainge is going to hit the post-game spread hard, it appears.
you may want to follow He's more fun than Brett or I...
My pleasure! Keep it going! // RT : Thank you for sharing about our challenge to entrepreneurs!
And we Love you right back . . . And ain't nothing you can do about it. :-)
we have Adidas Dry Fit Men/Women specific shirts. We've had perfect Fall weather the past 3 yrs & hope for another good year!
Cancer cure for breakfast
This wonderful artist is here at twitter! He also just anounced an auction of one of his works, you must check it out!
Unfortunately we have no goodies. But let us know if we can be of help another way!!
Of the sweet cheeba RT Oh? ": My finger tips smell "
SNEAKY SNEAKY LITTLE MAN!!!!
": Do more than belong, participate. Do more than care, help. Do more than believe, practice. - William Arthur Ward"
Morning John! You're at it early!
It absolutely is. It's a jaw-dropping natural environment, right in the center of the City. I went there too, 30 years ago.
Today should be called Imitate Day.
My moms on a medical mystery rampage using the Internet.. Never trust the Internet.
Thanks for RTs and
I'll be interviewing Max Collins of Eve 6 today at 5pm on The Zone @ 94.1. Spread the word ReTweet this bad boy.
Had to remind muh fuggas who's court they were on
RT thanks for the follow honey
we'll get that out soon :) thanks for caring for my poor gums! lol
Now you tell me! I'm with friends! We're at Mad Mex! I'm trying to diet.
Who is your songwriting hero?
No problem!
haha don't be hatin.. Just come with it on the mixtape
You see that nigga Meech thats a scary sight
About to destroy these parmesan garlic wings
The Voice might have hooked me. Crap.
As in all grad courses, professionalization is one of the goals. Today was a great example of new forms of teaching & learning.
try bloomberg!
I need followers and supporters. First phase of filming to begin this Saturday!
#Health and #Happiness starts by slowing down to enjoy every moment of your life.
After a fun football filled Sunday, it's back to business.
mother-in-law whom she had worked with, saying, “The name of the man with whom I worked today is Boaz.” 20Naomi said to her #Torah 49/9
Good Morning and Happy Friday to All!!!!!
“ “ Dang I regret giving #oomf my number.””
There are always two sides to the story. The truth and a lie.... You choose which one you want to repeat.
I'll be at Spring on Brady today, hosting a summerfest giveaway table, be there! I'll be the guy perfusely sweating.
U were suppose to @ me slow poke...
So happy for you Faith. Truly. More soon...
Not 100% sure of availability to get together but I will be in Austin tomorrow night if anyone wants to get together.
Good morning. Coffee and a Quote: "First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do." -Epictetus
Dude next to me is severely hurting my sense of smell and head. Men need to not shower in cologne, just makes me wanna throw up on y'all..
I hate when my tweets are about love.
School is so fun !!!
Early voting begins in 2 days at 441 4th St. NW! Mark your calendar and be sure to cast your write in vote for Adrian #Fenty for
HA! I know that. It's for the resettled Somalian population in Columbus. About tracing to reconnect with lost family.
real good
We'll be live with our friends on today at 6:00 cst. Tune in and listen at www.fearlessradio.com
guess what else?
#h2sscavengerhunt next clue. Restaurant opened black Friday of 1996. Come fly your way over for 2 great gifts.
Follow me on instagram :D
=UPDATE= As USD graduates we understand studying, packing, & moving can take all day and night, so we're open the next 24+ hours.
Chopped in my zone text my line
#1 reason I choose to watch the #NFL network draft coverage over #ESPN. No Chris Berman!
Thanks doll!
Are you kidding me.. C'mon
My two very old dogs are making me feel like Henry II
looks comfy!
Lehrer: Young people need to be taught media literacy.
Congrats on getting 10 mil on UnFriend You!
So funny u were SO disgusted that was going to call the police on u now she's by ur side all "yeah that's a snitch"
So true. Being happy is the best revenge.
Info Tech: 3 hours of Facebook, Pinterest, and Twitter.
I just read a review that the Hunger Games movie is terrible... THAT CAN'T BE TRUE!!!
Using QDC symbols to drive massive traffic to your your product/service = hottest new trend
It's damn near seven and I haven't eaten anything today..
I'm sure your fam would be proud :)
A cute little boy just said hi to me. From beneath the bathroom stall door.
sorry you couldn't make it down. Stop by and see us sometime soon!
Quote of the night from as the boyfriend video played on #TheVoice "Oh, shit"
Wow it is HOT today!
watchin dancing with the stars. cant wait for #raw !!!!!!!! im not gonna c breaking dawn
Guess I'll deal with it.
Le drinking vodka and juice during math class.
Seniors warned about fraud by Better Business Bureau
Follow library tracks throughout the day for #ebksmt @ hashtags #pub, #acad &
The best leaders are the ones who develop relationships with people who are not like them
Going to bed with visions of kick off in our head! this friday
YOU! i've iss you!- i love ssaying iss and not miss-
I'm now Not much shorter of a username, but easier to remember.
Oh great! I'm sure it'll be even more awesome :) Hope you have a nice wkd too!
Thursday is the last day of the first camps of 2012. Campers...how's it going?
if it had been a disaster you would have been informed. Thanks for the concern.
I AM SO SLEEPY!!
has a lot more followers than i thought it did!
Seau's gunshot wound is near the chest & not the head. Anyone else think he left the door open to examine his brain?
where can i find the link?
Hello Bridget! Long time no talk! Very nice to see you on here! Call me because I need to talk to you.
What's your favorite part about dining at Maguire's?
lemme go on and follow you backk. (:
My advice: Enjoy college as much as possible while you're there. If you like Mifflin, go. If not, don't go. Just don't be an idiot.
Of course we're friends!
this is a joke. Funny.
Interactive news is only interactive if it's live at the time you watch it. DVR'n it won't allow you to see it in real time. Amazing huh?
RT : “It’s a funny thing, the more I practice the luckier I get.” -- Ben Hogan
yea thats probably from the comeback. niggas was playing like sissies. we had to close that gap in the 4th tho
hey! So I dont think Im gonna make it to class today. Would u mind telling me if he says anything important? Im sure he wont
will also start to shift as processes are outsourced to a provider in another country
Happy #MLKday, everyone! Are you doing anything cool in honor of this special day?
Finally threw out some old bananas because once they go black you never go back.
FREE FREE FREE Workshop TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW 7 PM!
heck yes!
And many have prospered, to the benefit of the American economy.
you rock
Have after school today
i mean... im not mad at for getting back with HAVE YOU SEEN HIS ----?!?!?!
If I was a girl I would be a millionare but I'm almost there as being a guy 300 more k and I'm there
Good luck on your chem test tomorrow babe.
Good news, they found a Mayan calendar going past 2012 so we aren't going to die this year after all. Now get back to work everyone.
We love that turkey hat (nice cap and scarf too). The IOTA Solutions staff is enjoying time with family today, then back work!
I'm not ashamed to say I miss you because I do, but that doesn't mean I'm not trying like hell not to.
A world without Wikipedia and Craigslist? NO THANKS! I oppose SOPA and PIPA. Censorship is more dangerous than theft.
and I feel like we are in a horror movie cause we are driving through a forest and listening to a song that made us feel like
food needs to be done NOW
I'll pay 20 dollars to eat 4 scotch bonnet pepper in 2 minutes ...just like your cousin did on worldstar yesterday!
When you want to #succeed as bad as you want to #breathe, then you'll be successful...
Thanks for following.
In tha classroom on tha phone while tha teacher in this bitch
board plz someone tweet me
kakaka! So one more Rihanna joke and it's #gameover !! haha
Smaller Magnetic Materials Push Boundaries of Nanotechnology
it's just such an exciting thing - filled with lots of emotions - as you've shared your life journey with all of us - I have
#YouGetPointsIf You give me food.
Super tired and hungry, but I need to work out before I relax.
i sold an image to Random House Publishing today!!!
I have something to show / tell you
I love giving people advice, but no one ever asks.
CONGRATS on the new job! They are SO lucky to have you!
"We are all looking for the underground city. Sometimes it seems the library is that city, & we at the library wander its unnamed streets. +
#LetsStayTogether It reminds me of a song called "stay here forever" from Jewel Kilcher, her songs are my style.
holy jesus yum!
I recommend using L-Carnitine pills! What supplements do you use?
You are more on top of this than we are! We'll try to get something up later today.
I have never gotten you to RT me or reply to me or follow me. Today I'm home sick. make my day and do one of those? Please? :)
I hope the #mnleg comes to it's senses and votes to keep the #Vikings in #Minnesota. Hold your #legislators responsible for their no votes
I'm sure this has been said before, Stan Van Gundy and Ron Jeremy........
#CanadianLawForum is tomorrow (9/9)! Stop by the booth #500 if you're in #Toronto #Canada :
Very punny. Try the veal
I heard that sucked...Paula doesn't wanna drive to Oviedo
Spacewalk throughout the day Wed. Is it on the education channel? Sorry, I just don't want to miss it.
We get year books tomorrow huh ?
“: I need to go to a concert.” Same.
Same time.
Our CUCINA PREFERITI offers #restwk prices w/o sacrificing quality or service. 4 course tasting menu for $30pp.
should be a regular segment.
we take old computers and make them like new to be used again. Jesus takes broken people and makes them new to serve a greater purpose.
you too!
The next best thing to being truely great is to emulate the great. -Napoleon Hill
..but we'll definitely run up, so look a little closer ;)
Kentucky Vs Kansas. Who do you have winning it all?
“: I can't wait for friday night football games.”watching me do ma thang I'm gonna point at u lol.
Doin it BIG tonight
eh yeah unfortunately one of the worst things lol
I second that! She's right ur beautiful :)
AIRLINES ARE LIKE EVERY OTHER MAJOR CORPORATION-THEY ARE TOO GREEDY FOR THEIR INCOMPETENCE!! OVERBOOKING=MONEY OVER CUSTOMER CARE
Bummed that you didn't get a ticket for tonight? There will be room for standing after all reserved seats are filled!
thanks! you guys rock : )
S/O for always looking out. Get familiar! I'm proud of ya homie!!
thank you David.
Y'all better be on the lookout for my folks pushin this KAOTIK movement
XC - frbrizing marc records as an interim step to linked data - c4l12
Off to meet the talented Craig Hazen for coffee......Easton....you are getting hip!
Remember when albums would leak and we would send them to each other over AIM?
Architectures of Possibility is now on my reading list. Thanks for sharing this interview!
She only appears when you need her the least. Insomnia's a bitch.
just reread your post & am excited for my run tonight JUST for the post-stretch! thanks for the motivation!
"True, it may seem like a stretch, but its thoughts like this that catch my troubled head when youre away when I am missing you to death."<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
I just saw a video of him and Marilyn Manson play a show together... totally got me wet. yummy!
You guys are so emo. You're gonna be the ones who quit and leave foulweathers to run the comments? Come on now.
should follow me because I look up to him, watch his videos, FOO' I even started DJing cause of you<33 so please follow back(;
did you make it to super tuesday at press club last night? Didn't see you!
Strong fathers in the home who are involved, solves the issue. More family, less greed! "Disenfranchised Dads" at lulu.com! CARE!
You could've been Brady Quinn. “: I realized i could not have picked a worse athlete to be a parody of”
you're such a true friend. I couldn't ask for more from you. I'm so sorry your going through all of this. I love you! <3
True love means two seeds grow separately until they join in Matrimony forever.
Bendd it ova
Sharpton's mother has died, yet he remains vigilant fighting for justice for Trayvon Martin, saying that is what she would want.
People sometimes mistakenly believe that factoring is just for manufacturers, but factoring is for virtually every type of business.
omg that so bad
Have a Great Day Hon!!!xoxoxoxo
Thank you to for a wonderful event this morning hosted by + Inspirational Women!
RT #congrats on #Kelloggs commercial! - Thanks hon!!!!
Not tonight. But we don't mind if every night is "pack the yard" night. We're working on something big for the next one.
Made a great dinner for us last night :) Delicious.
Where has spring break gone...? Didn't it just start?
Currently refactoring the first library module I wrote using XQuery (from 2008). Making it simpler and cleaner.
and why not? Lol.
Wow. This birds cage is truly rattled. I'm done. It's time to get back in the kitchen , clean and bake cookies
purple bling??? Love it!! We better get used to listening to that stuff.. its getting near
gun never on safety....im
Jesus took Peter, James,&John and led them up a high mountain. His appearance changed from the inside out, right before their eyes.-Mark 9:2
“: Happy about 2012. Good family, friends, animals, & vids. I know it sounds cheesy but...”I'm thankful for you too, Shane <3:')
There are secret off-menu items that are amazing
Ladder sprints on the 'mill and a one rep max of 60lb for hang clean + press makes for a solid workout.
What do you out there think? How do you think we can prevent youth violence? send questions or comments?
studying for the impossible.
Pumped to see some launches soon :)
love you jimmy
Virginia Beach is a wonderful host to NFBPA conference!
headquarters, off of GA ave shattered glass window
It's looking like it's gonna be a beautiful weekend in America's Finest City. We are lucky. Prayers go out to those in the South.
I'm just the messenger, thank Siri for her undying love for you. :)
You are welcome.<U+E056>
same I love those cable boxes cause we get to watch the new Shake It Up episodes at the exact same time as the east coast
Everything should be all good now? Right? I kinda think it wont. I gotta bad feeling.
Enjoy. I should probably be there as well. whoops.
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.~William James
i hope wins at the teen choice awards!!!
I guess I brought this on myself, eh Boogie Shoes?
RT : Daily reminder: Make at least one person happy today.
Geoff Norman, "Draw me a picture of the universe."
“True power is when you have every obligation to take someones life, but you choose to let them live
Pie me in the face for #LoveIsLouder because LOVE IS LOUDER THAN HATE
Is the rapture zombies coming back to earth? Rapture=Zombie Apocalypse?
dinner time(:
The Golf Enterprise Account makes $--lots of money (millions), because of Torrey Pines-other two courses lose $. Filner is under informed.
Ready to be black. <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><U+2600>
Getting my chest waxed. YOLO.
Please visit the Dream Farm. www.DreamFarm.US
#mcdm546 Q: Anyone see any connection between the #occupy movements and the Hoovervilles during the Great Depression?
Already crazt out + about in L.A. Universal Studios then party central, oh my!
Ah! Devin! We didn't mean to leave your name out. It was an accident. THANK YOU for following and for the RT.
no worries. I'm never offended by short jokes, it's not like I can change my height. It is what it is.
That moment when you get a cute text & stare at your phone smiling.
That's how you feel, huh? That's really how you feel
SNL alum Kevin Nealon on Twin Cities Live today....watch it today at three!
Watching Othello, performed by Flatwater Shakespeare.
Duh, sorry. Try again!
loudness wars will never end just the frequency battlegrounds will change
Our President Barry Lipsett had a blast at the WBUR Regatta last weekend. He loved the rowing lessons on the Charles River!
thats cool (: maybe i can see you another time
#1 skill to master is to pick the right people and put them in the right seats
My first Tweet: I am US Appraisal Group, Attorney Appraisal Services' new business development manager - www.usappraisalgroup.com
I'm an Ales Kotalik away from 100 followers.
Kaytal: Medicare argument is a tough sell and unlikely to be overturned.
Evelyn is the best. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Ryan Adams brining me in to Charlotte!
#Icriedwhen I saw the pain you are going through.
Pumpkin spice cliff bars. Buy me a lifetime supply please.
Detroit Girls are the prettiest
partying by myself tonight. ;)
I always look forward to your tweets to me everyday. :)
Hahaha RT : plus half my tweets are x your not about that life
your peach-colored running skirt from your marathon relay - where is that from?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY FROM THE YOUR US FANS WE LOVE YOU SOO MUCH!! Hope all your dreams&wishes come true!Love you Nath
yooo! now following ya :)
None ought to govern who is not better than the governed
Exactly! RT : No Excuses. Get It Done.
morning Peter, we are talking prayer now.
Just got Tribeca Film Festival tickets to see #TheRevisionaries -- Can't wait! Good Luck to Vijay Dewan :)
RT : Humility is not thinking less of yourself but thinking of yourself less. --C.S. Lewis
thanks for introducing me to !
when we drinking on one?
You are doing great... When I can see your #Hummingbirds website
#blend11 Josh Jarrett from Gates Foundation says 150(?) of 600 NGLC preproposals were blended learning and were the strongest projects.
Looking forward to talking w/ on Sunday am. Tune in to hear about growing #VoteNo momentum!
I like all of the recent moves they've made too. run game and passing d need upgrades
Connor doesn't only make basketball courts for the #FinalFour. They make our Plyo Floors, too. Great story in !...
We will not remember what you say but yet what you do. Are you serving in some way? Find your passion and give. www.youthoutdoorsu.org
Good morning! :)
I don't wanna go to PNC Park anymore
Despite not being able to open PDFs, I was able to finish my proposal draft and article critique.
I got a rubber in my pocket and I'm talking like this....
denial. That will not be a better hangover hence better Vegas doesn't exist.
Forget auto-completing anything about Matisyahu.
Remember my name cause you'll be screaming it later (;
Thank you for the shortout. alright, now let me talk you about the issue...jk
i can 'sit and wait' for installs, packages, hell freezeover. That way you can be in more than one place at a time!
Aw, sorry I'm sick today! RT : Homework for a bit until its time to head over to NOISE to work w/the beautiful today! :)
If these niggas air ball one more shot!!
prison an alternative housing system
Nice storify collection - do you have a storify page? I will subscribe to you
#seriously “: Honestly I'm tryna date a tattoo artist. What's good?”
Glad to hear it; that is easy to do. ;^)
Why is it so easy to eat things that are bad for you but so hard to eat thins that are good for you?
“: If design gets a seat at a table, can I bring content as my plus one? #idea10”
So many fun tweets going out from our vendors with sneak peeks. We are so pumped for this weekend!
ah good nap!
Besides I know er body in there!
Lord I need you now
Is it just me or is Leslie Bibb way bigger than Elijah Wood?!
My buddy fell in the river once and got stuck up to his knees in whatever the bottom is made of.
Is that a collie?
#Quote Every calling is great when greatly pursued. Oliver Wendell Holmes Album Available A.N.D.
I bet the invisible children co-founder is glad that Duke and Missouri lost so that everyone tweets about them instead!
Same here!
If only she knew.. ha.
Alrighty haha. I'm so mad. I JUST bought the Skyscraper bracelet & then the Stay Strong 1 is NOW in stock >.<
what u mean???
I dnt like rainy days, buttill, not even that can stop us jiji ;)
DM me your Roku serial number and I'll get you the update
Last nights show was so much fun! Thanks to those of you that came out! Heading to to do some recording tomorrow
“: I love !” Yeah everyone is so motivating, inspiring, fun-love it :).
Checking out a local band they are good and want me to fill the Bass spot Im really thinking aboutthe drummer is really good...
Hey Ladies.. Its Payday, time to call that Nigga you been avoiding all Month to ask for some Money!
you know the Mockers? They're friends from my music days.
*Have food delivered to your door and watch a movie
Women know that there's an art to using the port-o-potty.
See you on Saturday!
He will not always accuse, nor will he harbor his anger forever; Psalm 103:9
how are the kiddos
Marvin Gaye - Got to Give It Up <U+266A><U+266A>
.i think i look good tonight :] im about to head to another spot <33333
Like a dream... But I don't wanna wake up!
it was great! We were esp impressed with the sommelier!
• Must be due to climate change
The President has just left D.C. headed to Milwaukee.
God, you are faithful. Thanks for all you do. I trust you. :-)
& this is why I don't like getting to attached to people.
#Athletic #recruiting and the #college process: sponsoring this luncheon.
"Live your life. Live your life. Live your life." Thank you Maurice Sendak for the memories & adventures
#top100lies walls are ugly.
Filming Mensa spoof tonight at Collins College.
Bummer! Spotted Cow on tap is pretty amazing
Going watch my wife play volleyball at Razzles in Olmsted Falls tonight @ 6pm. Anyone want to get a drink with me?
Well have fun anyway!
Progressions salon where you not only get a new look, but you also get a new OUTLOOK. Good hair = Good mood. Please visit us soon. :-)
i had the worst / most fucked up dream
we are moving from our RiverPoint branch over to Audubon Court this Friday <U+266B> first day of classes at Audubon will be Saturday!
Happy Birthday! Now you're one day closer to dying :D
Walked through Wash Sq park this afternoon. Realized it'd been awhile since I'd been there. Great memories of this place, though I felt old!
and that you were spared from oblivion. :)
hey lady I briefly saw your text the other day and then my phone broke. I don't have your number, text me again!!
And that's why your still in school.
I'm opening all week at the KC IMPROV!
"A small study group of friends." "Otherwise known as an orgy."
Classic Caesar sauce hits the spot!
feel free to get in touch with us at -
Come on down tonight to the Alchemy Cafe, Madison, WI. Live, sweaty, Afro-pop w/ Kikeh Mato starts at 10pm -- Free!
Ha, my lonely department :)
Ebenezer is a stir monkey!
Who tryna bet?
had an amazing Sporting day today! cool lunch with two top dogs with the team, and booked my bus tixs, for chicago!!!
8 year old son takes off soccer shin guard...notices hair on leg, looks at it and says "wow...sweat makes the hair grow. It's manly juice!"
YES and now i'm in love <333
wow! How much does she bench?
I keep surprising myself.
Please show a little early #FF #FollowFriday love for:
Found the Waterline trail dry almost to top, 1 wet patch over falls--irises not emerged yet on High Trail, April 4 sure.
OK, thanks for the info. I was trying to get to it but couldn't.
Pedro what does this mean?
It is a good thing there is a favorite city at the end, because this is awful early on a Monday.
you're awesome I'm coming to visit your gym this summer!! did you see my thing about victoria day?
Within the next 5 months, you will be contacted to be a team member of the Chicago 2011 political reshaping movement. Be Here
how u been
lol omg I'm done with you nick ..maybe I won't make an attempt to see you tomorrow night
Things start out as hopes and end up as habits. Lillian Hellman
given that the refs were bailing Purdue out on offense and letting them grab and hold all game long...no, they can't.
it's coming! I helped NPR connect natively to Ford SYNC (so does Pandora) - voice control as well as dials. Watch this space ;-)
mom hates affection.
Loving your positive energy. Have a great day.
Suspected car thief perched on roof of house on Malcolm Avenue in #Westwood. SWAT team has arrived. Follow for updates.
just got to my cousins house!
I'm super excited to make a pinhole camera!
it was a Christmas gift from my sister in law for him. I bet you could look on Amazon. Sorry I'm not more helpful!
I'm having an incredibly terrible week
Is it going to rain again?
Co-sign on that.
still in New York after 2 months and my family didn't think I was going to last:-). No place of residenc
A quiet Saturday working is like the best ambient music, savoring the silence where the music of the ringing phone might otherwise be.
Just heard "Hold On" by and definitely a great song!!!! :D
Indeed - especially while you're eating it. Still, glad to know to stay away in the future!
Rewatched Eight Men Out- lots of great Main Street shots. Is it fate or irony that led them to shoot it in Cincy??
looking forward to the announcement, or I guess that's the wrong way to look at it...at least by knowing maybe we can react!
naaa its cool shipmate
Good weekend for mountains RT : I need a serious distraction this weekend. Who's got some good ideas?
Grave Distractions Publications will be closed today and will reopen next Tues. Happy Holidays everyone!
Would the real slim shady please stand up? Lol
Guess it's time to...read a book?
RT It is not what we get. But who we become, what we contribute... that gives meaning to our lives. ~Tony Robbins
I don't care who wins the Celtics-Lakers game, but with the score tied at 12, I am hoping a team goes on a 9-0 run for 21-12
LMS IF U THINK SWISHER HOLIXX B SNAPPIN ON HIS MUSIC ...
I want this watch but i bet its not gone fit my wrist.
I gotta find some fun today
you cray! I love you, Kaylie, you need to freaking get to bed early. - _ - <U+2764>
TY Neen :-) I'm looking forward to next fall semester
is it just me or should creepy old half senile men not be commenting on whether or not a young woman's tan is nice.
check your gmail inbox.
How many second chances do you need #Badgers???? Finish this!
what would the world do without them??
Hey we are a punk band out of San Jose, Ca. Make us famous!
"Freedom.. Free DOOM."
even jail broken it has a hard time picking them up. It must be cause it's old
Finalizing music for todays #AVbyte shoot in Riverside Park! It's going to be chilly!
Just back from filming the final touches to a presentation video in Montreal. 15hr stints abroad are exciting but the edit suite is calling!
you're going too?! awesome!!
Yeah Yeah! We b clubbin LOL
Up early in preparation for bachelor party. Going to be a great day!
I'm half recruiter, half social media talent project and branding/web project leader. A lot of great stuff going on.
ah, but i'm a closet drag queen. i get to bathe in butter.
Hey Diana. How are ya doing this fine day? Did you catch Inside Edition last wknd? The old pics of the Robertson's rocked!!!
I think he looks like a monkey in a big wig. Or Hagrid.
No easy lay-ups!
LOVE it!
missing traveling. looking at brazil, croatia, southern india and oh yeah australia. want to go?
I Graduate Tomorrow! Im So Happy. (;
lol you should be! ;)
We are so excited to be a vendor show on March 27th! Come see us there!
sup t
HES FUCKING WEARING A BRUINS HAT!
Good Night soft dreams
Weekend forecast: sunshine, heat, & football! Enjoy Labor Day fellow Goose Hollowers!
it isn't the library's fault. The publishers are afraid they will lose money, arguing that hard copy books wear out after 40 uses.
Moments is amazing <3
Really don't like the '___ has indicated you are Friend on LinkedIn' Really? If we are Friends, how come I haven't heard of you?
We did good <U+E412>
Is yours an integrated contact mgmt solution, or strictly a social media info tool?
Brilliant producing in HL. I cannot wait to see your producing show again.
mentos: the fresh-maker!
When you get somethin for someone they always say "Aww you shouldn't have" and you can tell they want it hahah
Hello everyone welcome to my distribution business page, please show love and share, repost and like away! Thankful for my blessings! :)
Released EP #andtheredballoon. Self-produced, labor of love <3
Winston-Salem Shuffle All Stars to be here on Saturday night. Come out and hear the best of the best. 7pm; $5
Thank you!
Happy Easter!
I am goldfish.
Ass kissing is not my thing
“: Turn on MSNBC RIGHT NOW to watch (and possibly me) talk about Lawrence v Ann Coulter.”/that WAS you!!
Happy happy Birthday Annie!! xo
I will leave you alone now but I shall return at some point and you will love me forever
i know its so hard isnit it? especially if ur not tweetadder that things a joke, automated system to do twitter for u its crap
bed time
its a new age katy. For people of all sizes to stand triumphant.
Revenge on the patriots !
yo headed to the park now. Let's try to grab a beer.
I get bored really easy:}
you are just amazing I can't wait for #BOYFRIENDvideo and #BELIEVE and #BELIEVETour! This is going to be a great year! <333333
Faulty-tasking: When multi-tasking goes awry. :)
we'll be at #NEMA12 too, stop by the Esri booth.
every1 has a twitter now?
Everyone plz spread the #cgbb word! Appreciate the support
I listen to music!!:)
Apparently I'm the only nigga that sips cough syrup because I actually have a cold. ..smh
Comm professionals should be the most skeptical about the value of the content they're sending internally
Oh scribe. Didn't your primary school teacher tell you to make your y and thorn differently? You are KILLING me right now.
lol sorta do remind me of a flight attendant its the jacket ^_^
Chapter 2012 Page 57 of 366 DIY is so overrated! Hiring the help you need...priceless!
Keep hating hoes stay on my grind cause i dnt have time...#COPYNPASTE THIS ASS!!
Thanks for the RT!
I really wish we could sue the person who is responsible for a person's PTSD
Oh... you don't know? Follow the link it's good for business and contacts
Keep Going! Now is not the time to turn back. Look a little Higher-Its There and You cannot miss it. Its Your Story-Its Your Life Go-Pursue!
That Broncos QB selection reeks of B.O. to me.
Our Super Secret Screening tonight is the documentary, "Comic-Con Four: A Fan's Hope" by Morgan Spurlock!
Don't wanna read this book waaahhhhhh
chillin. its been a min. how u been?
r y'all back together? Jk
some people live for those video games
Apologies to all who are on my email list, I seem to have been hacked. Please ignore the spam.
Getting ready to revamp my blog...
I love you do you love me? My friends say you do but there all high I just hope it's true<3
Seems I'm now Mayor of Kulturez on foursquare. No idea what significance that has but yeah I guess it's kinda dope. =P <3
That's what I'm afraid of. If people stop flying for the adventure, even for a short time, GA will have a real problem.
Health is also important : air quality: clean buses: and their are so many answers
so true!!! You're observant. There is also the "I have a job so I can afford to see it twice" crowd.
RT if you know !!
Frank Robinson statue unveiled at Camden Yards today..Hank Aaron was there
Sent my dad the opening trak for my record and he was like "son, I love it but i'm confused, it sounds like real music." Maybe a bad sign "/
Q1 Eggnog with spiced rum and cinnamon!
he cute moment when your boyfriend walks you to your front door and hug's you then kisses you <U+2665> today was the best(:
loved your "If I were a middle class white guy writing about being a poor black kid"...absolutely dead on....
game not ready for leaderboard yet, missing pars or players (wq4m8)
Join the club. Shorten your runs for awhile. RT looked up my knee pain on webmd, I think I have tendinitis after running so much
haha, my mom just bitched at me for burning the rice.
Aw now i cant stop smiling lol. if u ever meet him give him a hug.honestly him and austin give the best(:
IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT YOU SAY, YOU NEVER MATTERED ANYWAY.
I love you!
at the dentist :(
Y'all better catch up!!! Not with me...with Technology!
Wow I am getting old. Nirvana's Nevermind came out 20 years ago!
We get down crazy
I agree. We're headed in the right direction no doubt!
Well that was embarrassing
That's how I am with Houston, TX. Yikes! And that's from someone who lives in NJ - not exactly a state with a great rep
What's good at home? The same hoes is still at it, I shoulda known.
im tierd i love everyoine sorry i wasnt talkin but im at the libary and people keep staring at me but i love ya all <3 te amo
Tweet #BostonOnTheRun the best gym in Boston. Go!!
Is John L Smith hiring so shocking? Was a 3-yr assistant w/ plenty of head coaching experience? Plus, FWIW its "interim" cc:
Morning Thanks for following our twinning tweets. Keep us posted on your trek preparation!
You seriously have no idea how happy I get just to see you smile. Even if I'm not the reason why.
Funny how everyone wants to have my baking, but so few people seem to want to share in return! ;-)
bonus track SoD: Canon in D-Pachelbel
Beyond ready for a surfing trip..
hey bitch you better watch your fucking mouth I dont know who your slutty ass is and I dont want to know
RT : Digital Book World is going on today and tomorrow. You can follow along with the #DBW hashtag.
had 2 genius flights last night. Tasty - but not a fan of Reel Ales. They seemed flat. Everything else delivered.
Even with as badly as I want to be Martha, I've come to the sad realization that the extent of my craftiness is plugging something in.
I need a good username with my name in it(: any ideas?
Chestnuts roasting! Vendors hosting! Shops-a-toastin! The festivities start at 5pm Dec. 9th on Fremont for the Festival of Lights.
And you, O Bethlehem in the land of Judah, are not least among the ruling cities of Judah, for a ruler will come from you who will be the
Off wrk.. There are some days I actually like being there nd others I don't. This happens to be one of the days I liked being there. :)
Thank you! Glad you like it. RT zomg the new site is AMAZEBALLS. The fulltext books _great_ for anthropologists. Bravo!
Be bless Laz Alonso, remember you can do all things through CHRIST who strengthen you
Im excited for this venture!! Lets go!!! | “: you know it!!! We about to take offl”
All of you have brought your beauty to the front of the line. Never give up your place in line.
not at all.
Lord, please give me patience, because if you give me strength I think I may beat someone to death.
Where do you #donate and why there?
Weird. Started tweeting about books, got followed by a bunch of spam-bots with profile pictures of blonde chicks making out. Oh internet.
I want a relationship where we quote Romeo and Juliet
Damn right! Talk alone accomplishes NOTHING! You can't change things by asking the wrongdoers to mend their ways!
that's prob one the coldest comments I've ever received <U+E330><U+E048><U+E048><U+E048>
#IAmAMahomieBecause he is just downright amazing and he will never forget about his mahomies no matter what <3
Awww it's Dwayne Wayne/Christopher Robin's bday! Phone call time.
Match your hat, drawers, belt, shoes, shirt, watch, chain and socks exactly.
it's your last week of college, can't wait for next week, and the next three months together.
My child,u must tell all those who have encouraged souls everywhere 2recite my Holy Rosary every Friday up to Easter,that I am most pleased.
:O lmao i downloaded it!!
So glad you think so! The one today was great info, but i'd like more directly re: the comm. engagement! DM me your email?
Narrow the focus of a business and expand the client base. I thought NO, but learned YES, YES, YES.
Join us tomorrow at 5pm as both and minister at Life Enrichment Mins 1791 La Dawn Lane Atlanta, GA 30318
Thank you , great news! Hope you'll follow CA's AB12 implementation; helps 18-21yo #foster youth transition to adulthood.
oh dear, when are we going to Bhutan?
Wackass Lakers hahahahhahahaha would be goin crazy right now just like the rest of u LA fans
seeing RT people i know/follow, so happy for them :')
#SportingStyleMerchideas Chance Myers wigs
What do u mean "what" I didn't say anything
“Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.” Goethe
Now I want to go!
Chris Sale looked great today! Adam Dunn looks hitterish, Santiago has a screwball, Sox @ 500 and don't have Ozzie Guillen to worry about
My mom () is much more active on Twitter than I am... :)
Bright cold silver moon Tonight alone in my room
Holy crap. That would be swell.
Lynn Yarmis: "Tailor your approach to the data set that comes in."
why are you stuck on the couch? <3
I figured it out. Thanks tho!
I just love my gospel music, listening to the Mississippi Mass Choir, it was worth it all. Be bless Queens and Kings!
is that you, Jim Taylor?
Seriously why are u up this early looking for old ass pics
When you live in Miami, where do you go on vacation to chill and relax?
O.G. Mudbone
Females kill me with that "my hubby" shit especially the ones I see in the streets doing rachet shit
Today wasn't our day, but we accomplished a lot in a "rebuilding year".
+ it undermines America's future.
RT : Please join me in welcoming to the Waggener Edstrom team. cc:
bouta smoke and watch spongebob.. that always makes me feel better lol
#Ipad3 in March <U+2665>
You are most welcome. Thank you for the follow as well!
Bartender knows the history of the negroni Know how hard that is to find?
You're quite welcome.
aww ... memories. I miss The Lodge. And you!
thanks tony! Hope all is well.
my dude. What's good bro
Cant wait for a dance party tonight.
It's official! As we previously reported, Raven Symone will be taking over the central role in Sister Act The Musical starting March 27th!
I bet Toni Morrison is having a pretty underwhelming birthday
I understand we have Sold Out, if you are interested please call and put your name on the waiting list we did call a few people last time!
#GoodQuestion - might have a marketing professor who could speak to pinterest, copyright issues...
Now, #Pinterest is everywhere. How to get measurable results with Pinterest? [#marketingtips]
the best daughter in the world! I love you forever sunshine girl! XXOO
Thanks. Time to focus 100% on acting #OoRah!
#DesireThursdays- I am so grateful my daughter got into the school of her dreams!!
At some point, you have to say that you've made so many bookmarks, you've basically just bookmarked The Web.
said where you been lol
HERE COMES BRODUS CLAY! TIME TO GET FUNKY!!
Met up w/rowing team tonight. Looking forward to an amazing season.
Nail polish tastes awful
Random but I met your dad the other day. He moved in right by me!
So bored tweet meeeez!
Good Morning everyone! Did you have your coffee or energy this morning?
I will just wait for it on netflix. But thanks for making my day!
We'd love it RT : would love to have you on board with #HoodDay2012 in New Orleans
Being inspired by the gospel music the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra is recreating featuring music by Pastor Marvin Winans.
Site is down, we'll get it back up as soon as possible, in the meantime, head on over to campusfood.com to order from us
Looking forward to our ad in next month, but how do you explain 450 cocktails in a 2"X2" space?
#HappyMothersDay to all the single moms being a mom and dad. Salute you.
Matt!! Hello, friend! How are you not here every day?
Awesome. Thanks!
Will try not to Tweet while driving
This is tweet number 666.
There is a lot of talk about Twitter but many marketers don't realize that Twitter is a worthwhile marketing tool for their business
..and this is crazy...
this is fantastic. My wife will ask me to get something from her purse. I can't. Too much stuff.
The sky isn't always blue. The sun doesn't always shine. So it's okay to fall apart sometimes, but always remember to get up again.
show them how we do Ling-Ling
what's disgusting? union busting !
go brewers!
The sky looks like a sepia photograph right now, so pretty!
u still wanna run the ball?
If you think your wife takes forever to get ready it's nothing like a Stripper putting on a G-string!
Happy day.
The auto-tuned Good Morning America commercial running on Hulu is really freaking me out.
Too expensive and challenging for me.
baby hater
": ur welcome love. see you tonight ;)" ** thanks, I cant wait to see you either :-) .**
2012 pricing just released today! Now is the time to book your Disney vacation for next year. Best selection of all hotels available.
Better knock on wood. RT : It still looks like the US will have sub-8% unemployment on Election Day.
whats wrong boo:/
fer real.... Like as if dudes want me to give em bjs
prototype MADBULL Airsoft Revolutionary Tracer Silencer Tube Prototype-1 ;P
Microsoft sucks and can keep their stupid software! You can use the iWork applications in the place of Office at half price!
just take it day by day
what's new Mike? What new tunes/artists have you been spinning these days?
Tell me about it ! It came so many times . -.-
my boyfriend smells great
you boys have fun;))
will do. Thanks.
Senate majority leader dean skelos: one of most significant criminal justice measure in state history. "This did not come together quickly."
.....what did they do with it?
Do you believe in miracles?
i have never gone home with a dead phone .. my shift charges all day nomatter what.
Finish them CAPS! Hendricks is the unsung hero of this team
BernCo Dems react to Wiener: It is only fitting that his personal moral compass would guide him to such a sleazy destination.
Our thoughts exactly. RT :
Rose out for season means Lebron and Co. Get to fall short in Finals again...
": This new chinese restaurant in WM >>>>>>>>>>> #sushisushisushisushisushisushisushisushisushisushi" i ate there last night!
I am locked out of my office. Oops. I can see it through the window. my laptop dock misses me
Congratulations and happy holidays to all of the #UMBC graduates!
Cannot stop crying... Broke up with Brandon... I must be an idiot.
Iv had 4 concussions I think I'm a candidate for Alzheimer's <U+E411><U+E411><U+E411>
Don't wanna break your heart, wanna give your heart a break.
Panel 14 was great at #MAA2012. Best takeaway: "Mise-en-page is an active choice" made by scribes.
When people send short messages, I think its my fault. #ForeverAlone >-<
I'm so glad I got tagged :(
1970, 8% of African Americans had a BA degree or higher. Progess has been made with 23% in 2008. Yet more to do! Learn abt your options!
Now he's quoting letter from Hispanic community members sad they are losing Mr. Heredia.
I heart
Cherish you<3
hoping a good night's sleep will pull me out of this dazed state Ive been living in for the past couple days...
I didn't get to meet you!! #OhNo :(
Two fires in the same house? Isn't that a bit dangerous? :)
Follow me? (:
hahaha that's EXACTLY what I was thinking! When I tweeted it I was saying it my head with a beat.. hhaa
we've got america to blame.
Emotionally stunted girls assault people left and right. Raise awareness to help stop Twilight-related violence before it happens to you.
they're good :D
RT : MY BLOCK WAS THE ONLY INDIE LABEL NOMINATED FOR GRAMMY'S THIS YEAR! SO PROUD TO BE APART OF THE HISTORY BEING MADE RIGHT NOW
I'm sorry.
Dnt make me take a round trip to #henderson tomarrow
When you can't sleep -__- <<<
#ogw Seattle CIO: One argument is there's too much data; govt must "deputize" private sector and nonprofits to deal with it.
I'm tryna get nasty
Nephew's dissertation topic: "Use of Non-Traditional Marketing Strategies to Engage the 25 to 34 Year-old Age Demographic: Audi of America"
OK DONT TRY 2 PLAY ME AS A
participation <U+2260> proximity to event + your email
methinks you are correct! Im usually asleep at this time, but having a lil insomnia today... How are ya?
YES YES and YES i'm going on a very expensive crawl tonight.
what babe?
Glad you enjoyed the event! He WAS funny!
If you hate change, you shouldn't market your business on the internet, but then you should rethink your business anyway.
GCF. Have fun with Codes ;) cake reunited. So cute guys! You guys are in LOVE. bromance! just have fun and partayyyyy!
This dark, gloomy day will not ruin my dinner plans for tonight!
I think I'll try ringing in the New Year New Orleans Style for the first time this weekend. Is it fun to watch the baby drop in Jackson Sq?
#awkward when you talk about someone you know via twitter and they see it...
Let's do this.
If you are looking to go to another in your prayer life than come tonight to Citadel Church 7PM, teaching on "Prayer that produces"
too stinkin cute!!!
"newspapers are under-utilized in genealogical research" - Tim Pinnick. I couldn't agree more!
nice name, wonder if we r related?
My sister's craze she still prefers computer than iphone -.-<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
In awe of this room full brilliance - all who have come together to make new symbols for Better Transportation
I Do Believe I Got Tha Best Mother In The World.. Happy Mother's Day, Mothers ! ( :
If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in five years there will be a shortage of sand....
Stop telling Brandon he looks good in Drag !!!! Please save the human race!
SOX: #Royals already leading 3-0 in T1. Johnny Giavotella reached on error to drive home a run...Brayan Pena doubled two in.
Get lighters ready!
I feel like shit. If I'm still sick on my bday I'm gunna be hot pissed!
RT : #ilovehoustonlibrary because it's saved my budget many times; how else could I keep my ereader filled w new ebooks for free?
The realest niggas
&' i say Justin wouldn't want me to cry . He would want me to stay strong with my head high . then i try . tbc
After a lengthy journey through spell check, there is no way I will ever misspell Hazanavicius again.
I hv some ideas, but none make any sense to me. Do u know?
I'm just now getting to watch the Housewives of NYC Reunion..and, wow, this is intense!!!
Me too!
Wants and Needs are 2 different things!
skin by rascal flatts is my favorite. <3
- I'm doing good, how 'bout u? If your folks are looking for a great dealer of Rx drugs, my wife works at Thrifty White in RC!!
yes he did!
ok; fine
actually... speaking of fat ladies singing... if you follow me, but not our friendship is close to being over. so, there's that
your video was so helpful on Etsy, thank you!
Bitch just because you're five feet taller than me doesn't mean I'm about to take shit from you
yea i know but from now i aint doing it No More! i promise u that
if you see driving. Run for you life !!! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH IM BORED!!!!!
Be a part of the solution!
what did you miss
Fundraiser hopes to help 'Save Veronica'
Had a lovely meeting with today. Thanks for helping spread the word about all the great things to do in Rochester!
Let me grab my Dick while you sit on top
Love be sure 2 enter Tweet w/ ur pick ("Jar of Hearts", "Arms" or "A Thousand Years"), #BingLounge, & !
All of these tweets about M! Countdown..and I won't be able to see it for hours -__- damn you time difference!
fantastic! congratulations, molly!
We imagine that we want to ESCAPE our selfish and commonplace existence, but we CLING DESPERATELY to our CHAINS! SMH!
Tomorrow gonna be with bestie Shyrus prom dress shopping :-)
The Grouch w/DJ Fresh, Mistah F.A.B., Fashawn & Exile 12/11
We seem to be hearing about him to KC the same way and at the same time that we were hearing about TJax. Interesting...
RIP Sheridan!!
quotIn The Bat-Cavequot Mini Trailer How To Set Up a Home Recording Studio Web-Show - area rugs
The NFL network talks too much __> I record the games so I can skip commercials. 60 min play into 180+ is not fun 4 fans!!
We will be open from 11am-10pm on Christmas eve, and closed on Christmas day. Happy holidays from Classic Slice!
yea I don't get it either. #DCF wasn't exactly my forte but a 100% valuation increase in 5 days is somewhat significant
The years teach much which the days never know
You're not in Kansas, I mean North Carolina anymore Mr Wilson.
did you have a dream under the gas??
#GameInformer has a list of the last of the major titles coming out for the #Wii this fall. Going out not with a bang but with a whimper.
Ability will never catch up with the demand for it. ~ Malcolm Forbes
Would you drop Harvin or Decker for Manningham in a PPR?
Home Time Boys! #WinIt!
you are a modern genius. If you ever need a casual alto saxophonist or "big black girl" vocals, I'm there.
Where did I read about someone's misgivings with the "Manifest Destiny" (buffalo) cheevo in Red Dead Redemption?
I'm gonna be shocked if this one didn hit. Two of the six numbers are 23. Lotta MJ/Lebron fans out there.
THIRD EYE BLIND - SEMI CHARMED LIFE
and why was I not mentioned in that Tweet?
will be happy to know that our traditional gift of 3 doz. spudnuts was delivered to our library sysadmins this a.m.!
My dog smells fucking amazing right now!!! Jesus!!!
What wonderful weather we have here in #Pittsburgh! Who wants to take a look at our wonderful office spaces available!
And he lives RT : I'm not saying surprisingly well-behaved, but...
we were in the lunch line and he was ordering his sub and he was to tall to see the stuff so he bent down to look at it....
We practice law in the areas of civil litigation, family law, criminal defense, personal injury, real property, business, amongst others.
RT : 6+ billion people on the planet and your going to let one person ruin your day. #unlikely #fb - ok.... ok...
Guys...Ryan is lacing up Marissa's Cotillion Dress...there's so much faux-sexual tension I can't handle it.
UM Kloé Kardashian on the cover of Cosmo..... YUM
I'm going to puke.
Anyways Good Night yal
RT thank you for your presentation today! (of course! Thank you for letting me show off to your team! #smorgit)
then go your narrow butt to bed!
I'll keep you my dirty little secret
Washington DC v USA! 1) Oil-Drilling Moratorium & appeal of Court's reversal; 2) failure to waive Jones Act; 3) sues AZ (fed) LAW...1of_
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>In only a quarter of a century u've accomplished so much, w/ much more 2 come. PROUD OF U! HBD cuz! Love you! <U+2764>OOP~YIP!
i thought i bout bout to beat my sister baby daddy ass.
wow, benson is hardcore! He's like Van Damme in Blood Sport!
Sorry, I don't really praise him, not really that crazy, just here to support.
a gay male porn star would be my best guess!
I loved your "Dangerous" comment bc I am so hesitant to promote the nerdiness that is my college. Its a MUST.
Visit any Laurelwood Public House/Brewery location today... 15% of all sales go to the kids of the Bald Faced Truth Foundation.
Can't find my glasses... Is it true that Google is buying Grey Poupon for over $2 billion? Great deal for Kraft Foods, no? <U+E105>
OMG! I am too..I can't stand him anyway. As soon as his face comes on..switch...it's so long too!
I love girls.
Please pray for my friend she is going through ruff times right now I pray that God bless her and her family Amen.......
it is. I've enjoyed it !
Headed to Camp Cheley for Play Day with the kiddos at Burn Camp! So excited!
Congrats to Virtue/Moir! So disappointed in the judges placement for Weaver/Poje. They outskated Pechalat/Bourzat
It's so god!
My aunt remembers each person's favorite. Mine? The homemade Italian sodas she used to make me as a kid.
Woot! Same here. RT : For the record -- I'm having a great day!
just heard about this...why did he resign?
Hi !! today's my mum's birthday!!!! can you wish her Happy Birthday????
I love #GooglePacMan!!! Working REALLY hard today...
Love the character animations, very impressive. You're very talented, keep up the great work!
IS IT ABOUT HIS MOM OR SOMETHING COS THAT'S THE VIBE I'M GETTING
Still Thinkinn Aboutt How Me And Joee Cooled It Last Night.
Getting Misty Kisses!
Wooh da kid do it big
Giving high-fives to strangers after the PENS score>>>>>>>
Who's going to Rev tonight??
"NOPE! WE'RE DRILLING FOR OIL!" – Pearson
No milk and no cheese for a whole week #sucks <U+E401>(n)
I gallon of water everyday is crucial to total health and fitness.
I BELIEVE IN MYSELF EVEN IF U DONT AGREE! IM UNSTOPPABLE
next Star Trek movie is scheduled for release in June 2012
Deluxe, of course. Don't want you to miss out on those fabulous bonus tracks. But need your email address to do it.
How much time is left?
Describe your Overall Experience Getting your Microphone turned off during your Interview with MSNBC's Tamron Hall on Friday?
Just launched my Twitter account.
Congrats :) I'm trying to get 1000!
what's up how's everything going...
Sean and Michael ran off to get married in NYC! Please email us if you need anything! xoxo- Spark
Thanks for the well wishes. I can't wait to start writing again and get to Tennessee.
RT : Celtics knock off the Hawks, 83-80; advance to the Eastern Conference Semifinals vs. Philly
. I am so sorry about that. I just noticed this post. You are eating on us for a month! Can u email me at
I feel like I am in the ghetto right now.
I love you too baby. So much.
I'm rippin on you skell. I said duter wouldn't lose to hamberg. And you lose to him
Question from audience: "what is the best form to tell the re-framed stories that new technologies and new data allow?"
FLATOUT!ENT A.D.S WCK RECORDS NEED SUM FEATURES FOR UPCOMING MIXTAPE SO GET AT ME ALL ARTISTS WELCOME ALL LOVE OVER HERE
MJ tribute--- its only right! live on the pulse! power983fm.com
and click the 'like' button and the 'tweet' button under the video CONSUMERS can be on the front page of the entire site!
Late class. Finished hw. SS bored
thank you so much!
hopefully, I can convince my daughter that I'm cool...right? ...nevermind
What cops were using at UC Davis?
MT love this and his handle. “: A solid swing by Uggla and he didnt swallow his tabackky!!”
FRANNY will tell you I'm not lying !!
Life is like a bank u get out what u put in it
Even though it's only 11:04 here, it's after midnight in Indy. Happy #2012!
lmbo yea I am she sucks
I agree. The puroresu/character actor link is not explored enough. Next season I'm doing a Ned Beatty/Rikidozan crossover.
When I update happy hr & drink specials online, I find that bars usually raise prices by $0.50-$1 or reduce the size of the drinks.
I'M SO SORRY, LBJ! (Whoops -- there goes my inner Catholic-schoolgirl again!)
You are very welcome!
hey babe
RT : This may sound stupid, but if you knew the company you'd understand. Just found a FLEET FEET in MD. Now I have to go /go 4 it
Haha. They asked if I was interested when they hired me. They're losing the girl who is the asst bookeeper for all Pdx stores.
Like lord of the rings one ring to rule them all JT Scott watches them all fall.
So I found this song I liked along time ago AND I can't remember the name of it now. This is making me so frustrated. Meeep.
I love that Burger King put #DavidBeckham in there commercial!
I'm 2 and a half months already!!!! Can not wait to meet my new bundle of joy!!!
Is it wrong to want that old thing back?
TOMORROW NIGHT! Rock Bottom Bushwick BK Catch us live its gonna be #wild! #real #ny #hiphop come out and #support 177 Stockholm Street
Go to hell. #WBC are just famewhores, nothing more. I'm sure if you lost a child it'd be different right? #pieceofsh*t
The personal injury lawyers at the Jaklitsch Law Group can find coverage for your medical bills, pain and suffering and lost wages.
A dedicated professional is a rare commodity. ISO dedicated professionals. I have a long memory.
Coming up on NBC 15 NEWS at 10, hear #Packers Nick Collins' thoughts on getting back to work.
Yeah...Hand Sanitizer. CRAZY!
I get to study jazz all day today. I hope you can get out of bed and do something you love too!
RT : Ditto. RT : And now let's just get hammered...
I've been having the hardest time today holding back retweeting every single one of 's tweets.
Be the first to see live tweets from Winter Heat! Follow us
#QOTD "Learn from the past, look to the future, but live in the present." (Petra Nemcova)
It is ridiculous how nice it is today! Love it!
so far have a designer interested in helping us with our plan. I'm working on it sister!! XOXO
Its like no matter what, this one person dont stop twatching my shit... TWATCH DEEZ NUTS BITCH!!!!!!!!!!
Why am I awake
bahahahahahaha that should be me
Thanks for the retweet ! So glad we are connected!!
This girl texting me emojis knowing damn well I can't see them! Lmfao
Family is a blessing x a million.
boo on chris brown!
sit down chuck lol.
I definitely like what i heard. What role do you have in these projects? all drumming?
im now followin u so follow bakk bff....nd hey,my sin
Remember - only until Wednesdat at 8PM can you register to win an iPad w/every yogurt purchase. You want a spiffy tablet, don't you?
“: Seriously we need boys who wanna go golfing and get drunk all day” I feel like that shouldnt be difficult to find, but it is!
After struggling for two years with Pages, today I finally broke down and downloaded Microsoft Word.
I didn't know one of the Coreys was in I'm mean the one that's still alive.
I like the "we" there. I will try to. I might have to stay late at work, though.
Looking forward to the Saturday Night festivities tonight!
yeah and that may be the only hit he gets
God morning(:
Bubble gum, bubble gum in a dish. How many blowjobs do you wish?
Thanks, Happy Saturday, DIVERSE
thanks bro love you
Help us get to 1500 likes on Facebook! Come on were so close! :) tag us in a status and spread the word!
Thank you Hammer for the follow, I follow you on my personal account and always appreciate the pearls you drop. #don'tevachange
War majors & minors appeared in 1943-4 catalog, "students & faculty might better serve the nation"
yeah and you might not recognize him cause he dyed his hair and got a hair cut and the person who cut his hair messed it up
When you start to hate someone , everything they do begins to annoy you .. them : "*Cough*" you: "OOOOHHH MY GOO SHUT UP!!!"
3 hours of sleep in a 48 hour time period. Seriously?!?!! My brain won't shut off. Hmm...maybe I'm a genius!
so, you agree they were wrong in this exclusion?
i hate little girls that are brats.. i wish i could smack them.
RT : Volunteers are not paid - not because they are worthless but because they are PRICELESS. ~ via
midol calms my nerves.
Cool(: i already saw it so tell me what you think about it when its over!! xoxo <3
good point
And I'm sure you're the only foursquare check in.
My first time watching the Penguins play.. They are amazing! :D
you didn't tweet today ! I was concerned /:
have you seen the commercial with ZZ Top singing "25 lighters on my dresser"?
Your community needs you. Support the businesses that support community. Shop Main Street. Shop Independent.
Young toddler injured in Northglenn house fire set by dad released from hospital today. Sister still has long recovery.
lol true. Gives me hope that I can make it big
hand on her butt - kev cossom >>>
I want to be here
Thank you for the RT. It's a great way to visualize the concept
How's your portfolio look? Please let us know if you have any questions. Thanks again!
They should do "Win a Date with Bernadette" charity fundraiser with #BigBangTheory cc (Ok, Penny too)
:-) We're putting you on speed-dial!
Q)2 when several sessions concurrent and I pick the wrong one...
#nw - Don't Trip... He Ain't Through on in yellow church hat!
hahahahahaha where u been? I seen last week
only food chains reply back to my tweets /:
now? It is 16:40 in the UK:)
i dont wanna to it ALONE. im scared he'll think imma stalker or something....
watching behind the scenes with Oprah while designing and reorganizing my office
What? Lol! RT : Just bc you swear a lot and claim to be Christian don't make you Peter...
Everyone should check out this week's paper!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>pfffft, nah. Mine is all gone.
Someone from Community Legal Services also compared it to that.
Going with Gemologist followed by Take Charge Indy and Creative Cause
While a slave in 1850 cost the equivalent of ~$40,000 in modern $, a #slave can be bought today 4 a few hundred dollars!
go to sleep :-)
horrible. They aren't doing .uttin...lol u WOuld think they won superbowl with pics they have chosen ....stupid to Rivera
Just won the Toros laser tag contest. I'm a true champion.
Expectations cause anxiety, worry and stress- just go with the flow.
i would have to agree with you on #worthback2backtweets from :)
RT Yup Yup BROADWAY BAR TONIGHT...TAKE UR AZZ OUT THERE!!!
Playing Tonight at The Stone with and Loren Stillman. 8pm set. hope to see you there!
I was literally JUST jamming out to them!
Excited about the next few months at Doing church differently, indeed.
Mr. Nana has arrived!
I blame Reg NMS for the depth of yesterday's market event.
yu Call Me! I Need Yur house numb!
Yeah .. I will goin' to both #BornThisWayBall concerts in #Cologne ;D
Best Emery picks Jeffery and Rodriguez, hey im a give McClellin a chance, sucks I never heard his name though through any sports outlet.
Thanks for the follow, finding your tweets very interesting.
Pick a number between 0 & 0. Then thats how many fucks I give -.-
"I swag and I surf" has been in my head since ystrdy. I think I need one piece of ratchedness in my music collection
My nose is dripping....ew this is disgusting.
Madonna. Like her, but just ok. Tight rope guy stole the show. Nothing beats the U2 halftime - and I'm not a U2 fan.
fuck u. This sucks
Missed Connections is the first AF contest to leave the door open for, like, sincerity. If you're into that.
No flasks of mercury, I hope. MT : WOW! Just got awesome 60's science lab stuff from Dunbar HS
I'm so ragey tonight that i'm scaring myself!
I had that on repeat yesterday...
Apparently, I wanna go fast.
Previous #Quote ~ Emerson ~
Today is one of those days I am SO glad I'm not in Indiana :)
Love it, that's funny, but I'm only 37 to your 75, HA! (altho I disagree w/ on RTs & use of old-style).
To tweak the old saying: Cold fingers, warm hearts.
Compromise to help us for a change. Not the uber fucking rich, OK?
enjoy your sunday!
you can get on tiny chat
Marriage is like a cage; one sees the birds outside desperate to get in, and those inside desperate to get out. -- Montaigne
RT : No go on the #Clear I only got 1 or 2 bars (of several on the mac client). I guess #clearwire hasn't made it's way up this far.
True. Good question. Another idea/tip: good to have them run in packs (at least one friend) if possible.
why do you have to keep tweeting about the samething....
Happy birthday you in Denver now, how many teams wish they had you? I say all of them
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!4
I always go through a phase of not listening to deathcore, then hear something and go crazy with it!
tonite: FUXA with LSD AND THE SEARCH FOR GOD. Yes. And of course ART TIME PUNKS will be on the premises!
Holy crap! My out of pocket cost for the pump they want me on is going to be almost $5000.00 guess who is not getting the pump. Damn it!
The log in servers are down! fix them, for my life is with out purpose if i can not slay goblins!
Sup dude
because I don't have credit
It's a good thing I'm broke. It's really helping me quit cigarettes. Haven't bought a pack in 2 weeks.
the kind that bring you home when home is such a strange place..
Happy birthday ! Hope your day was fabulous! Miss you.
I have to pee. I don't want to get up.
okay someone just told me that we have to wear our regular uniforms
Getting ready to see #karmin at Lakeshore today !
#fnl makes me think it's best to choose a place and stay there. Even if it's a crumby place.
Cinco de Mayo wedding #FTW. :D
Thank you so much Steven! Hope you had a very nice time with your family as well! :)
Calendars are now available at your local Newcomb Hall Info Desk (I think), Newcomb Theater, and UPC Office. Check 'em out!
your welcome !
I think you'll live. But let me sleep now butthole.
"Keep calm and love Niall Horan!" That's the motto nigga.
Np:Lloyd Naked
Can somebody stop tweeting the SOTU and wash my glasses? I can barely see Leslie Knope in this rerun.
happy birthday brother!
Designing all day to finish up my Christmas custom orders, so busy but I love it! Haven't did any x-mas shopping for my kids though,yikes!
hey ken ken lol
Is The Killing what Twin Peaks turned into in Tommy Westphall's brain after he got through puberty and things stopped being so weird?
I'll check him out, thanks for lookin out!
They need to hurry the fuck up & fix the roof fast cause they don't let me sleep & I have no cable.
"30 Greatest Artists Right Now" in "Entertainment Weekly". Seems like the definition of "Art" has been changed recently.
Days with the baby ( 8
5 more minutes and there will be no more #NUTS today. Well, not really, but you know what I mean. lol
Quick question: Can you think of any other technology and media Short Courses we could offer that would benefit UWM students and employees?
Shout out to the Lord and Tim TeBow. The Lord running Tim TeBow like Job.....
that sucks
hi Jamie :) my daughter sparklyrebel98 loves you and thinks your adorable
i love you! <3 you are the most beautiful, stunning, amazingly funny girl i have ever met! Love, Cody! <3
The late Twins game has me all discombobulated
lately you've been mad sensitive Don't take things so personally Clive the world doesn't revolve around you- lmao
apple is my sleeper. I think it has a chance
saw you at Rosa Mexicana on Sunday! Such great food:)
it's the first time I felt a connection to her
Getting breakfast sent to me ! (:
Young Niggas With More Vision From Here On Out, All Legendary Shit
Damn man...even Sloth had a TV to watch in the basement
I have a promo code for Slice SD for the iPhone and touch... I have to be honest tho, I am not sure its still good, let me know P7NJ9FA9XL3X
wins big brownie points this morning bringing in chocolate covered strawberries with each of our initials piped on
Oh you two... Eurhythmics tweeting always
when you gon do some hooks wit ya boi?
Wishing you all there a wonderful and amazing day take care
#ICanHonestlySay I don't know what I want anymore.
its a clown car! lol
God damn, The Vampire Diaries is a really boring show...like One Tree Hill except one of them happens to have fangs...
what safe do you live in? It's 11 in Cali.
In vegas
Come celebrate Tricky T's Bday with us at Party Foul! Apollos On 7th st & Bethany!
can you expound more on your thoughts about lock? Is this inside info or speculation?
it's only been two days since we last talked and i mess you soso much.
job hunting :)
This class is more confusing than Evan's gender
can't wait to see u in Boston!!!
RT: This Thursday is our guest on #mediachat and our topic is “Brands and future use of Twitter”. This Thursday at 10pm EST.
some light snow overnight in the Denver metro area - good thing mother nature will melt this off in the next day!
Um, we're sheep? Whoops. Did I say that out loud?
Just go to Bruce this year!
Clearing the underbrush and building forts in my mind
TWILIGHT - Actor Robert Pattinson was spotted at Washington Dulles Airport this evening, look for him at the WHCD
You just made the state of minnesota so angry.
U r awesome 4 devoting your heart & soul to understanding more about food allergies, Andrea!
I hate this town, its so washed up, and all my friends don't give a fuck
can we get a #gocougs for Niedenfuer aka Buffalo Head
RT : :) RT : It's amazing how irritating people can be in 140 characters or less.
Great to see photos of the first LGBT couples marrying in New York State. Looking forward to having similar rights restored in California.
As a person who clicks internet aliens all day for advertising dollars, do you think that the socioeconomic phenomenon of ra
Who has seen the show girls....i am obsessed now.
RT : RT : sitting here smiling because of you
thanks for the RT!
I die a little on the inside when he doesn't text me back. ):
I ain't gay or anything lol. But I think Nate Robinson really has swag. That nigga stays fresh.
PM Developing a national consortium for engaging transformational curriculum. Besides a need for capital want to include Twitter.
Yikes!, the acorns hitting the house sound like baseballs sometimes--especially in the morning! (Well, I *hope* they're acorns!)
On my way to
Back to Evidence!
I wish that rent wasn't an actual thing.
I think eyehategod is the cutesy band name ever just bc I think that would really piss off the members of that band.
"Friend Collecting" is so "Yesterday" - building more "trusted relationships" that can become "Advocates" for you is the "Future"
hahah I know its wonderful lmfao hahah its cute!! Hey but hole was hard for her to say!
im so salty i missed the live stream how can i view it
I need your strength to handle the pressure.
Awesome training at DYS yesterday.
This Moody Great Show Boss Keep it up!!!!
Lovin the character changes on #glee right now!
Super bummed... RIP MCA
Those are freaking yum!!!!
essing around with my new phone hehe it has twitterr(: finally
I swear, if Facebook changes their layout one more time, I’m going to post a status update about it and then use their site as much as alway
are you in love like ?
thanks Christy! I appreciate it!!
I'm thinking you're not a spam bot since you're tweeting me like a person but would be get if a) got a pic b) good twitter name
WAIT WHAT CITY IS WINNING NOW????!!! MY GOD. WHAT A DAY.
that's so hot
incredible! Send my best to J and Lou
Bakk to this goon shit run wit me or run from me
Yes she does!!
Based on current copyright law we'll be getting Grachan Moncur's Evolution up in February 2067. Don't hold your breath!
watching parenthood. literally the best show idc what people say..
What is academic language? Grammatical structure (long noun phrases) & multi-syllabic vocabulary.
Considering writing a proposal to present at a local conference with some classmates. Thoughts?
I dont know if Hulu is much better. I think it's useful if you want to catch up on current seasons, but they dont offer new movies
we make boozy eggnog cupcakes!!!!
So long Kirkpatrick. Another wishful thinking GnG.
thanks! Hope you're doing well!
yea because when kobe came into his own jordan was over The hill
she told me she loves how my hair flips up and that friday I let it curl under and she missed it..UGH
My dad is comparing my accent to Josie
Wow what a weekend.. Church, Family and some great NFL football..God is going to do Great things this week!
RT Yes--let's keep up the American dream where every family can send their kids to college!
So sad to hear about Junior Seau. One of my favorites growing up.
Damn straight "our" incubator year. Needed 150 characters for that one!
ok then we are hitting mares! It's the second what night ha?
game isn't over. still love those broncos.
Positive Tomorrows welcomes two new students - Josh to 2nd grade and James to 4th! We are excited to have them join our school!
Girls want attention. Women want respect.
that was awesome. O agree that violence is not the answer but come the hell on Perez.
My state of mind finally i got the best of me
follow me?? i love you austin!<3
Taught two classes today. Ready for a quiet night now
what are you doing at USD?
my old phones are too smashed to work.
I cannot wait to pay off my mortgage. I suppose selling before then could be an option.
Writing to "otis" thanks to everyone who checked out the remix I did to cool like that by digable planets
Dang they're barely going to show The Ultimate Fighter: Brasil in June. I've already seen like the first 3 episodes.
Flying solo
Thank u I now have an interest in vintage shopping! Great way 2 incorporate pieces n the wardrobe & not 2 mention affordable!
what if they don't find him though?
omg i feel that way all the time . lolz
Not coming back down there.
Just beat some veterans at some #beerpong. #Salute that beeotch.
I would like to give a great big thank you to the person who came up with no calorie spray butter
I would beat Donny's ass… assuming I survived the cheetah mauling.
Nice winds, so I opened the windows. Beau pup thinks I'm crazy. She's pacing & panting like mad.
Great game tonight!!
are you really going to jw
What's Your Plan This Week? Shout You Goal Out To Eveyone To Set It In Stone!
Today was such a stimulating day !!! <----wtf
sell blood/organs? Stripping? Become an international hustler? win the lottery? warrior tix are affordable bc we suck lol
Just bought it , $20! What a deal, right? RT : I love your cardigan this morning! Where can I get one? ;)
Keep Coughing !
Only the educated are free. Epictetus
gone to sleep *closes laptop*
This year coming is full of changes. Economic changes to begin with. People should start evaluating needs and wants.
Trolling the mail-order bride catalogs?
Day one of Managerial Accounting and already an assignment to work on. Here's hoping to start and finish it in the same day!
"Leer da Poder" Hispanic engagement brought together by Latin2Latin agency at The Young at Art Museum in Davie, FL
RT Google Working On Password Generator For Chrome: Trailrunner7 writes "Google is in the process of developing a t......
Chiefs will trade out of #1 pick to get more draft picks
I'm just an Ordinary Girl *hint
I always thought it would make more sense for In-N-Out to make hot dogs.
Chel just saw bridemaids and said it wad hysterical!
Hazelwood necklaces can be a great help for babies with reflux.
I love the Brookville supermarket in #ClevelandPark. Slightly grubby, has Normal Food, just what you need. Wish every n'hood in DC had one.
G.M.N.I.: Shyt really does fuck w/ your head. When you see kids 4 or 5 yrs younger than you gunned down over trivial shyt.
Ha! Working on it :)
And there's some things, that even you, yourself, wouldn't understand
chilln sup wit u
and ima wear my b-day pin to
Our free web design program is starting again Jan 4th. www.headwebmaster.com
WOW #DeadIsland is really fun! You guys should deff pick it up!!
Sorry to hear about #stevejobs moving to Chairman and leaving as CEO. His combination of skills are uniquely his and Apple will change.
We haven't set the time yet... we're going to let everyone know tomorrow morning. Trying to get everyone scheduled.
going to be a long night...
Another AMAZING night at The very sexy and responsive crowd is always a treat to play for!! #OMGITSHIM at it again!~
I'll see you there!
RT : With rise of the cloud, enterprises rethink role of access, which is both more important and easier than ever...
and a 10 from Bruno. and he would have every woman in the country would vote for him and he would have Packer nation just like DD
Nelly is sexy as hell.
Orange line actually running on time, only drawback is the doors in our car won't actually open.
#realshit . I'll get over it .
m epic
remember about the tip Porfavore!
were gonna make it in like 30 minutes with this shit
Bo! I failed to pay attention evidently. :(
Andrew Walsh, Keynote Speaker: focusing on what does mobilizing of search mean for info literacy?
Going to get pick up my 2 new pairs of glasses today, new "carb cycling" meal plan, & new work out plan! Was like XMas eve last night! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
Don't let any hater tell you that you're nothing. They lie. If you were nothing, they would leave you alone.
I would easily go as far as to say that RAGE is the best-looking video game ever.
GETTiNG A TATT00! i THiNK iM G0NNA GET JALiA'S NAME TATTED 0N ME WiTH A BABY F00T PRiNT
Yeah, it might be cold out there... but it's hot in here at the Del Rey... Cheap beers & shots plus DJ & dancing starts at 10pm!
if the bitch cant swim she gon drown
Our pleasure RT : thanks for the follow, guys!
Im Out 4 Some Hours I Got A Life.#FreeBoosie.G.F.B. Damage Mode 414 If U Don't Like It Well #HoeGoHam.Its Problems Bitch.M.P.
anyone around? now on twitter?
Sick LiVE classic rock&roll at Who's On First #Boston tonight! 9:45-1!
GL quoted Lauren Hill. 'How R we gonna win if we ain't right w/in?"
well we can't do the shoot without you!!
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether and ;) OF COURSE THEY DO!!
See what Sea World has for this year! Buy one day get a week free as well as many great specials! Go to seaworld.com for these amazing deals
Our thoughts and prayers go to friends and family of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords (D-AZ), who was assassinated this morning at a townhall event.
thanks for including us in the conversation!
Hello, one of my fave actresses!!
Hello new friends, thanks for following
HAPPY Critical Mass day, everyone!!!
Lol way to fail at picking me up(; Love yoou loserr;)
Issue 101 is out now! Features ( + ), Zebulon, Jesi Naomi, + more interesting/funny reads!
« « Oh, You knew that band before it was popular? You should be a scout for record labels.»»
"We are our deeds." Jean-Paul Sartre
headed north on 95 between Richmond and Fredericksburg, in snow storm, max speed 40
LOVE white sangria!
I saw a blue umbrella in princes street gardens
you're welcome xo(: its just the truth
"Ballin like ah piston tryna stack RODNEY STUCKEYS, all dubs no L's, 7luckyyy"
Fish Fingers and Custard!
'Paralysis by over analysis' is my theme for filling out my Bracket!!
got back from an errand and my hallway smelled like a stables-ick!
Serving it this coming Shabbos. Made 50 rolls for a Shalosh Seudos. They are all in the freezer.
going to to workout today feeling good 252lbs today droped from 259 on monday lets see if I can get down to 250 by SAT
#rva #whatnottowear Sadly, I know exactly who you are speaking of.....
working the bruins game let's get it B's
We have to beliveve that everything is going to be alright so we pray and that makes us feel good about our life
I vote for Abe. I think the revolution and early leading could have happened well w/o George. I'll ask my Ss too in 10 min.
Keep banging them jointz
You guys deserve it! :-)
my trainer says i can't work out with him today cause i gave blood :( meh i haven't gone in two weeks :((((
SO PROUD OF !
Preciate tha love bae RT ": Somebody jus gave me the cd!! They call me RubbaBandBanks!! Jammin it at the car wash!!"
Getting to know someone new >
It's that time of the year when the center of the universe moves from NYC to Austin TX.
Thanks for following, David! Viva la Indie Film!
Im not even that mad at you . Im just pissed bacuse you make such a big deal out of it .
Durango is host to a College Basketball Tourney, NAIA teams, great basketball!
I'm officially back on twitter! I've missed it! But I've lost a lot of followers.. do you think you could help me out?! <3 ya
it must be the paste that's the vegetable than. Um... paste.
Unsucessful people compromise there values
yup 4 world records, 2 world championships, too many national and state records to list. Leg presses 1300 lbs 6'1 260 ;)
Papa Smurf knows when I'm changing the clock! Lmao xD damn it now I can't cheat!
so true ! I will believe that
it's work phones fool!
Anna thanks for the RT
George Zimmerman finally gets charged!!! I usually don't do this but uhh *starts dougieing*
I have a busy month in Sept. NDK Sacanime, Robotech 25 in Van Nuys and now a Power Rangers day in Pasadena.
Jeff Fisher to the #Rams... avg tix there were $98
u r welcome
Tomorrow in LA: City Council takes a historic vote to cap truancy fees for students...watch for updates from City Hall
Hey Buffalo peeps: looks like I have to move in A few months. If you see any 1br in the Elmwood village, let me know.
#Follow-->> for great tips on social media and living your purpose!
NYC is so amazing this time around. Been running around nonstop since Tuesday. Mmhmm...
He always tries to trick us :P
The Lies Make You A Less Worth Accomplice...
#3WordsForYou Give it all.
Eww ginger ": craving for fresh ginger tea and ginger cookies <U+2665>."
do u think your ever gonna come to hawaii.....u have tons of fans here!!!!!
Awesome to hear! From what it looks like we will have a great turnout! No more details as of yet, I'll post them when we get them.
open eyes 4 as good as he has been last 2 games he was equally bad in first 3 games. his d coverage led to a lot of GA
really hope somebody punches garnett in the face tonight
When Austin's doing photoshoots in a magazine that just doesn't seem to exist in your country.
Good luck on Sunday!! Go get it!
8 am-9 pm Black Friday Huge Furniture Sale !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
you thinking about getting the iPad 3?
pretty good game goin here
I seriously am on fire! And by that, I mean really cracking myself up!
I'm pretty sure that not naming your kids after communist leaders is like the first rule of parenting.
We have a winner, it's you! Big Bad Bill is your dancer, congrats. RT “: wait ... Who's the dancer?”
most likely me go figure
oh, florencia! Bro, see, i didnt know it was you. Thats why.
Last official day of classes. Let's do this.
Congrats for being named an American of the Year! We love to see a Philadelphian in such good company
this looks really cool...
mich,'u r lucky to be his gf.. Ifink he is perfect bf :)
*lightning bolts* mwah hahaha i jux hacked my little sister's twitter page n she is clueless¡¡¡ lmao add me on fb search: dasjia posey...
Srsly?!?? I can't believe that was even produced. I don't think u could even absorb dense biosci articles by listening to them.
Democracy is a process by which the people are free to choose the man who will get the blame.
Need a family fun night? Pick up your NM Museum of Natural History and Science Spike coloring sheet at any ABQ KKD for a chance to win!
I probably can talk to you about a network socket, but I could not make coffee this am. spilled all over the place.
Chicks tacos casserole!!!!!
runs my pr. The infamous Roger Neal
Got my stolen car back today. Still feeling kind of violated. Horrible mood for the past 2.5 days.
I<U+FFFD>m starving I<U+FFFD>m going eat something
Boys who smoke >>>>
En route to Madison for the #2012FOISummit this weekend. Get your #transparency on.
NC State
See you this summer, Clayton!
What does the l stand for in ur hashtag?
M chocolate Chapstick :)
Who's doing what tonight? Where are the house parties at?
BNP wants to shoot a man just to watch them die. Anybody who comes to our show on Sunday gets to pick who that special person is.
Amen! Can't stand watching her.
they got lucky
I do like to give homework :)
I hate jetlag
Little Giants is such a quality throwback movie. I think I will be channeling my inner Icebox at next week's football game
I would love to find a cool story about Occupy Wall St. versus the Tea Party. Especially if it had a Romeo and Juliet thing.
lol that's f*cked up...
Congrats 2 fellow SD All-Star selections Adrian Gonzalez & Cole Hamels! U may not be playing 4 the Padres, but SD still supports U!
I think she's hiding something. Prob jealousy, or style envy, since she dresses like a carb-alien.
Thanks for the mention!
we love lb and we love our right to vote. so if you are registered, please vote!
Thanks for the mention!
awesome, where did you see it? was it in the magazine?
PRT : #ttw12 pro tip: don't say "real" & "virtual" when you mean physical/digital. else ill call you a digital dualist ...
Haha, all the more reason to go get another beer. Btw your weekend sounds great, hope you've been good!
do you have a FB page?
Got home yesterday.
please do not my make duplicates of this page !!!!! thank you
I haven't seen The Fighter, but I'm pretty sure that if you make a film about poor people from Boston, you'll be rich
Thank you for the follow! We all have life lessons to share. I try and “Always make new mistakes” like Esther Dyson says.
Creating a flexible physical exhibit to react to rapidly changing technology. "Who knows what the next Pinterest is?" -Mr. Sparrow
i aint got time to waste
yeah I just don't know if that is a good thing or a bad thing... So you killin those dance games huh?
Not what I needed. Foot sprain with ~32 hours left until the Mt Taylor Quad. Time for epsom salt soaks, ibuprofen.
I'm doing quite well.
Haha being a DC transplant, I really do not take for granted the great weather we have down here haha!
Hahaha LOVE it
thats the only thing I buy is 4's 10's and 13's lol that's it
first interview done for Jenna Schnuer
ok silly you know where we will be my door is always open
Rachel is running a special today, she will throw in a FREE cut with any color service! Call or come on in and ask for her! (614) 447-2600
I hope you're feeling better today!
The #Lakers dancers look ridiculous in those tennis shoes
You need a hotel room at the sold-out Brownstone Inn for Computers & Writing Conf? Get in touch ASAP. I have a spare & can transfer it.
Ho! RT YOU WON'T LIKE ME WHEN I'M ANGRY. I BACK UP MY RAGE W/SOURCES & DOCUMENTATION
Spring Research, Scholarly & Creative Activity Day (April 19) abstracts accepted through Fri, April 6. Contact:
i know i know i kid :)
Hi ISW Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
thats not a good enough reason. you know how we are. we dont talk for months then talk for a week. then do it again.
Someone shit on the floor at work today... #Marshall's
okay good.
you may try the Fashion Institute www.fitnyc.edu
I miss you too pretty lady hang out soon plrase
The album Day Of Mourning by Despised Icon is the shit while you lift.
your welcome. (:
Wrapped a video shoot, and made mint chocolate chip ice cream with spearmint, peppermint and orange mint from my garden.
Well you know Jordan would sit if he was sick....oh wait, nevermind :)
will you follow me please.......:)
bo , lick my balls. nobody's even on the floor. if you're going to have an "all ages" show, at least put a note that
are there things you are learning for the first time while watching the show?
aww :( you should of filmed it
hate this spanish class
is calling for drug and alcohol testing for statewide elected officials, legislators, and JobsOhio board members.
You do not lead by hitting people over the head - that's assault, not leadership. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
I want to wish everyone good luck one their finals and congrats to all of you guys that graduate this month.
wuts good babe
thank u <3
exactly - getting sick can really screw up the sched! which workout are you doing tonight?
great list (including 2 of our DuPage Forest Preserves).
Go Green!! We have #Eco-Friendly CD and #DVD Cases. Call today for info or to order. 800-240-1850 Keep our planet
I love the
Way to use your 3D money printing skills properly RT Munch Scream sets new world record - $119,900,000
up early time to work on this rap shit nd go look for this job later bout to be a long day
Not at all :D
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KEVIN JONAS :) HAVE A GOOD ONE
Headed to some awesome concerts with folks: Avicii, Wiz Khalifa, Lotus…not to mention company offsite in Park City this weekend!
oh wow? a sub-par lady antebellum record beats george strait and taylor swift?
You should have been the lead role in "The Sixth Sense"
Trying to learn HTML and CSS as this is my New Year's resolution. It's tough sledding but, darn it, I will prevail.
and Libmar didn't have to be there if he can't come or something.
The more applicants = the more money for all.
I know that feeling intimately! So hard, but so therapeutic to get rid of the things that have pain attached.
In other news.. I am done my first task of the afternoon.. stripping down, polishing, and restring-ing Izzy, my acoustic-electric Ibanez. 8D
my face hurts
DC food bet would have to be Ben's Chili Bowl
just tripped over my girlfriends bra. I guess you could say it was.. *lights cigar* a booby trap
50 lbs of lobster thawing in the fridge gettin' ready 4 our annual Father's Day Lobster BBQ!
Hey Dianne I own/operate Can you tell me what you mean about an advertising scholarship program?
who is this about? Loll.
Fun fact: If you use Teleport to control your Snow Leopard Mac from Lion, natural scrolling carries over just fine.
Not sure how happy I am about SDSU football moving to Big East. The $$ is good at least.
Jealous!! Is this an annual trip?!?
#sweetheart! Hmm yeah I think I've heard of him :-)
Talk to about & mayor just signing Excutive Order re: transparency though data releases
I HATE when someone hates on Kardashians and Jenners -.- like, let them be flawless <3 haha
Thanks, we really appreciate the great post!
Amos Lee to Anodyne to August & Everything After. I guess it's an all "A" dreary day. Suggestions for next artist or album?
Didn't see second half of Knicks Heat game. Who won?
Hot crowd tonight Hosted by w/ thanks!
yup, it's on the future sports list, hopefully 2013!
I'm gonna start calling the #Heat Miami Lukewarm lol
Hey bebes would u like 2 tAke a mini vacation? Shit aint gotta ask me twice, wherez that dotted line.. Yeeeee
Don't even Get me started on Brands. What an ass clown he is.
#PeopleIWantToMeet my all time goal is to meet you! :D
Promo tonight New Malibu Red... sounds yummy if only I were allowed to sample ; )...
one more day for you to beat me in the #twitterwar ! it looks like you'll be donating to tomorrow! #followme to help!
Famous Dave's
S/O to and for touching each others butts!!!
Hello Heather, Many thanks for the follow on Twitter.
just checked out the Kate spade Florence Broadhurst mod fashion bus!!! So cute! And everything gorgeous!! Video soon!
When sending a business box of dated promo materials w/o heads up or contact info, ur stuff prob wont get out on time. info is key
2chainzzzz thumping rite now
Believe Big East banned them from Big East Tourney also, if they failed to meet NCAA approval
More post production work today: editing rough cut, working on a new website, and credits.
Cashmere Agency » Blog Archive » The League of Young…DJs?
'bout time you got here. Thanks for the follow.
Practicing my DSA skills with some friends in the park. Just wish I had actually trained for this.
MEANWHILE THE RED SOX GAME IS IN THE TOP 13TH. CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS EXPLOSIVE SPORTS NIGHT?!?!?!?!?!?!? SLAP ME IN THE FACE
:( I felt sad & excited when I decided to move to Boston and leave my children's library in Puerto Rico. I feel you, girl.
Ok wow just heard that #JerryHicks of #AbrahamHicks fame passed away. Very sad. Awesome man w a great message. He will be missed.
damn im sexy
Well hello there.
Lol I walked in my dads room and he is singing #SAYSOMETHIN ...Awkward
IS YOU SLEEP
“: :(”Conversation is give and take Stephanie.
Ah Fallout 3 ... I've devoted my gaming life to it - great substitute for saving the pre-apocalyptic world.
About to fire up some video games with my little brother Justin. Awesomeness.
A heart that loves is always young.
I hate it when ppl correct me on Facebook. If you have a problem with what I said, tell it to someone who cares. Thanks! :)
Poof! What do you want with your other two wishes?
A dream came true today. We were once homeless and now we are homeowners. Hard work does pay off!
that too!
woooah your from Winnipeg o: and yes I am (:
yayyyy for following!
"Every ten years a man should give himself a good kick in the pants." Edward Steichen
Yes! I very nearly picked up its sequel at Kramer's last night but want to reread Oryx & Crake first. So. Good. So. Creepy.
...........This is a weekly message from the Mondiablue Broadcast System..... "LIBERTARIANS ARE TOOLS OF THE 1% !!!"..............
Lmao i can't
hanging out @ King Library after f2f class w/ Z Liu. Good times. Off to hotel...
Chris Swires Rated top realtor in Alaska
Nobody Feelin' No Pain --- it would be a GREAT video!!!
I have an irrational dislike for PDF finding aids, born of specific circumstances. That said, a nice feature if easy to offer.
Viva La Belle #France! Congratulations to Hollande! Liberty, Equality, Brotherhood! Liberté, égalité, fraternité!
Got food allergies? Don't know what to eat, where to shop or what to order in a restaurant? www.DeliciousAndHealthy.com
#someday i will..FINALLY LOOK AND SEE YOU FINNALLY NOTICED ME!
I'm definitely in my zone
happy 1 year anniversary to Maurice and i!
My fave song at the moment is Feeling you by 2 Chainz
maybe, but it's a big fair-weather bunch then these days, right?
A toast to that tradition! You're right, it was great! And we've visited you for mai tais every August 15th since.
No illegal touch if it is a fumble since 49er was first to touch it.
Phone rings...Forwards call. The next day: Why did u ignore my call!? Me: Blame BTC!
#RebelBingo Friday night, ish about to get werd at Santos, right - this would be up your alley
Lmfaooo stupid I love you too
Emily mom got it herself!!
I don't know why but when I say "hello" to friends it's in a British accent. At least that's what I've been told???
thanks guys!! Love drawing up crazy stuff for you.
your letterman set was amazing as always man
You've got a goldfish in your beer? Why did you leave your cup unprotected?
One of those nights where you just have to admit that is OK! Dinner is ordered, back to being lazy.
I'm glad I got to share it. Thanks for the feedback!
I take issue with the outlets that promote that lane more heavy handedly than another lane than with the artists who create
SYDNEY! Sudden shock of over-priced & delicious coffee, no wifi anywhere (thanks starbucks u were rad) & no high fructose corn syrup yippee
learn the lessons of Guns n Roses.
Now, I am become Salami, destroyer of fitness.
Walked downstairs to an elephant gift bag with a present inside of my favorite perfume from my parents!
Psychoeducation involves u and ur therapist working together 2 develop a better way 2 understand ur #Socialphobia & how to work with it.
Just got "The Room" in the mail, first read for our new book club. Can't wait to start!
I'm out y'all have a good one! I'm about 2 bask in this post game & throw down on this chicken wit my name on it! 1
Massive THANKS to for their donation of 12 #photovoltaic #solar panels to help green-power the Homeless Coach :-)
Happy 57th birthday to the bar code. The patent was issued on this day in 1952.
Miss your voice! How are you, JP?
how you doing
So sore and i don't even know why
Because another way to share our sick and twisted humor is always good.
what are you getting!?
Hi Evangelist Condrey how are you? Happy Anniversary and Happy New Year to you and the family, God bless!!!
haha well 1st you wouldbt let me say no to going oger there. Ha then you talked about cheer amd asha and trey haha
I am sure I could find you one! Look on their Facebook too! I have seen lots of ppl wanting to sell them on there!
I know you're reading Hess' book on STS. I don't know if I mentioned the Handbook of STS, which has broad coverage of the field.
The All-American Rejects are following me?! Sweet!
Jorge is shooting video along the beach. More and more people are coming outside.
Happy Fall!
Oh yes..... I love my Sangha...And my Sangha loves me....
The body of man is a machine which winds its own springs.
DENTIST! I love the dentist <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Just need to find a job, and I'm there all summer!
OMG , can idiot in the control room going to #Xfinity commercials in the middle of plays in last 20 seconds of Giants game be fired?
Check out our website and let me know if we can help you out with your design needs. www.stardesignsa.com
"How do you, Lord, look at me? What do you feel in your heart for me?" -John Eagan
Watching World's Dumbest it's so funny
My husband says I am the only Flamenco that dances in the closet, in the kitchen, and in the bathroom. Anyone else dance in those places?
Quick run through the old neighborhood in Macon. 100 degrees worth of bad idea. Used to walk around in this like it was nothing.
oh, my! glad he was ok. well best to just be aware at all times... no rest for the weary.
Back from lunch and shopping:)~~~~So live that you wouldn't be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.~~~~Will Rogers
Vodka diarrhea
i'm bored
IS ma girll ...but she's a skinny b!! too xx : D (Both are beautimus too!) Just sayin...
or here's the address.. take the US-412 directions
you're not supposed to stretch every week -_-
I hope he does!
followed back :-)
Just got an email from Plenty Of Fish...I have new matches. Yay!! Haahahahah
It's like the Bill Walsh coaching tree.
Smart people those Radar LA folks. providing free bus service between venues at night. Fantastico!
RT : Archibald & Feldman - #highered is similar to many services: historically its prices rise faster than inflation
I can't breathe out my nose .. Or my mouth . -__-
Nothing new for Mac. Only he had a buncha paint cans, not you, on his side, & he was vs. two bumbling thieves, not the world.
Lenders Predict Private Equity Regulation in Phoenix Survey
Thanks so much for the RTs.
if you went on a crime spree & used a Rascal for an escape vehicle, I think you might get away w/ it. Jut saw 2 Rascalers no one wld suspect
Continued filming our first music video today for our song "That's the Spirit". Looking forward to finishing up and sharing with everyone!!
RT : Today's #PinHawk is away highlighting stuff you need to read! "Them's Fightin' Words; 1.2 Million Help Desk Tickets"
Professional athletes have coaches. Professional actors do too. Ready for some coaching?
no I WOULD I just don't have the time to spare
If they don't complain about my attachment to mobile devices, I won't complain about their inability to use a fax machine
no I haven't, and the amount of books already on my "to-read" list kinda stresses me out.
#NP Hell Wit Ya- P!nk
Happy Father's Day to all of the Awesome Dads out there! Make it a wonderful day & enjoy the time with your family :) #father's day
yo..dont give me an attitude
I don't give my number out like that sry. U are slot younger than we it would be wired.
I'm generally a quick study, and so far all I've learned is that I'm not a fan, but I do prefer Cory and Dan to Cory by himself
Very dissapointed with the lack of customer service from for business.Signed a paying customer.
Happy 11-11-11 to all! FYI, it is also Corduroy Appreciation Day.
Hi, please follow me so I can send you a message. thank you.
Our thoughts & prayers are with the family of Al Hall, a longtime member of NATAS who lost his battle with cancer. RIP Al
I don't like #SAYSOMETHIN ..... I LOVE IT! WOO. It's my new jam! (; #Yee :D
Nice job for officially being documented as breaking the record for world biggest wave ever surfed! You ROCK!
My drumming got surprisingly better, but I need to come up with new fills.
When they say stop.. Why do I want to keep on going ??
#Blazers need to let him shoot free throws all night long
don't see anything "goodies" ?? Lol
- Scary good, i assume? :) #Thunderup!
oxtails & soap operas with Lauren...my Friday night lol
Lmfao, for a second I thought it said "Going to the Strip Club tomarrow" LOLOL
i did have some wine. But i am sure i can still recognize MY mom
Feel free to tap my DC knowledge for whatever you need. Happy to help
haha thank you :) just fortunate she's here in ATL with me Til Dec. ps will u be in ch town in August?? I wanna go to Lollapalooza!
Officially open for business!!
Love the profile pic with
"Heavy thoughts bring on physical maladies; when the soul is oppressed so is the body." ~Martin Luther DON'T UNDERESTIMATE HAPPY THOUGHTS ;)
Is that snow Seattle?!
What are you waiting on?! We ready! Join us at Hudson Grille Now! It's go time!
Welcome to Matt Braun's LSC 839 class (taking a tour now in the reading room)!
you dont never hear him thankin dj drama
morning Jeff! Hope all is well.
tape yours and jays heads together and be conjoined twins for an hour
The greatest abundance of stem cells in the body is in adipose (fat) tissue
Mrs. White Diamonds by Elizabeth Taylor
Happy Birthday
i wish you were here. At iHop alone.
/ Q: Who is your favorite soccer player in the world??
O.M.G BECKY LOOK AT HER BUT
Twitter is really making me mad I am tired of it!
thanx my nig! U kno how it go wit us! They waitin for a part 2 from the #warmitup boyz! We need to make it happen
You should definitely check it out.
hey austin, Just made you this account, so fancy being our first ever follower?!
Sultry Saturday (((TABU))) & Skydome night club with ya homies DJ Tone & John tha bomb tonight.
thanks for leaving me all alone to do this impossible lab
How about a Premier League four-team playoff? Or top-two championship game? What huge $$ and excitement that could be for the #EPL!
Have you ever felt like vomiting after taking vitamins...thats me right now...but on the plus side..Day 2 of #detox #cleanse!
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit -- Chrystalwnf ()
Am a natural blonde but considering going with a darker golden blonde. My Mom was a hairdresser. Love to play with hair!
Or, sometimes when u do share, no one is really interested.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune. Benjamin Disraeli
NEW MKORS WATCHES JUST IN ! FREE VALENTINES RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS!STOP BYE FREE BRACELET BEAD SAT/SUN MENTION TWITTER! WSLAST open sun12-4
RT : “The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one.” John Maxwell
Best of Luck!
Hard Times: An Oral History. #historypornparodies (Cheating?)
They say talk is cheap but I think not talking @ all should B free & everybody is in disguise & claiming 2 B king where all da palace @
A fairly phenomenal weekend. Thanks for all the support. New tunes on the horizon.
4 day weekend (:
Not texting you starting... now!
hahaha cant wait to be at a sweet 16 with this girl.. cause all u need is a chair....
Ladies: has this career crossroads ever derailed your career? Find out which one. Read my latest post: www.theWATTblog.com
WHERE DA CHICKEN AT!?
a half hour must have passed! MYSTERIOUS
Bout to update my iPhone 4 to 4s for free
When we were little, nothing mattered to us. All we wanted, was to have fun. What happened?
New right now
Thank you for your Pure Elegance #genesiswp theme! Perfect for my little sisters startup photography site.
vacation my ass! I helped my bestie move and get settled into his new house! lol
Cold weekend for the Fort Wayne boat show
Goodnight guys
Thanks for the RT!
You are 100% correct! How about we put laws about controlling & killing sperm via ejaculation?!
Damn, it's gonna be fuckin cold tomorrow
Ann Coulter says it's time the rightwing start targeting the Obama children. I say Ann Coulter is a "verbal" child molester.
I don't! I don't have any dollar product idea. Should I feel left out?
Long day! Now time for sleep ;) Good Night Twitter !
... or picking out a new tv.
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen:)
Was that just twitter spam from ?
:D it's a great thing.
miss u too hun! Come visit soon!
My bed has never looked so inviting!
To me, all the ones in today's date stand for everyone who has ever fought and is still fighting for our freedom. Thank you
SLIDE LOCK SCREEN UP TO TAKE PHOTO IN iOS 5.1!
oh dude. Rice it big boi! Got my phalanges crossed for ya
Getting ready to write down my daily goals. Need to get a few things completed today.
Just spent 2 hours sitting in my driveway watching airplanes and reading
your not alone angel..:))
In a good interview you should only do 25% of the talking - Talking too much is a sign of poor work ethic, lack of confidence, & overselling
lol oh okay!
Are you going to Birmingham this week?
Hyped for the Game! #Grit and Grind is STILL the motto!
Web Design, Flyers, Biz Cards, Logos, SEO, iMarketing - now you know, now hit us up! www.CoreMediaConcepts.com RT RT
Has some of the best books ever. It's become an #addiction reading them. O.o
Media Madness! Read about it at www.knowledgesafari.com click blog!
at least Charlie creeps from afar.
Mark Jackson of NRCERT & Annette Odren of Energy Conservatory to speak on benefits of #weatherization to House/Senate staff today
Had the truck so you know ah Nigga had tah dip Uptown
happy birthday bro. I ran whale tail for you today!
Cant find the channel in the usa that the Europa final is on? any help?
what is this? Opposite day? Lol
Take these haters to a brand new level.
Thanks for a wonderful pitching webinar earlier today!
Wish I could recall. Don't get On Demand here at the office. I believe there should be a sports section, though.
don't do it!!!! You'll derail. Push forward!!!
What does p__n mean and who do you mean?
I thought the registration line was long until I walked out and realized that I jumped the queue in a major way. Win or bad karma?
I got your tweet!
Where's your favorite #barbecue joint around the #Texas #HillCountry?
Anyone know where to watch the Emmys streaming live online?
: lol you will do fine! We look forward to meeting you.
Not really :) Work, and a recording session w
ew today is gross.
Good to see the clippers being successful
Hello - thanks for the #follow! Have a great weekend.
Bumble B is a goon
Like my new facebook page. do it.
Hi Elli! RT : Ran a wonderful w/s at Hewlett L.I.'s h.s., working w/ kids from the jazz vocal ensemble during...
Thanks for the mention! Everyone should definitely come see us NEXT Tuesday, April 17th, for SDMoM's Free Tuesday!
Can I Get A Follow Back Please.?(:
replace the nonfat w soy and u have heaven! Lol whats there to do in Chicago? Depending on the weather.... ill try to...
99% of net new jobs to MD since '92 from expansion of business or spin-offs - lesson: focus on businesses that are here for growth.
is vegetational succession theory a particularly inter-war model of development, whether economic, social, or ecological?
Cool learning games with "pluggable" action vehicles to teach the principles. Flash-based, then HTML5. Games motivate.
to the boy who sent me flowers - congratulations, a florist now knows that you were a dick to me.
Achievement Unlocked! Congrats!
Wait a minute, and are running too? I don't have them on my list!
i need essay topics about specific aspects of moby-dick and i am at a loss because i cannot think below broader-narrative-ideas
want to go to France in July and not pay a fortune for the flight. Any tips?
RT : HOUSTON! Tonight, join at HUDSON.
Exactly! And how could you fit a sheet pan in there? You make cookies one at a time?
either it will or the story will get deleted I won't publish it with out their approval. That is just how I am
Arthur Schopenhauer~ Talent hits a target no one else can hit; genius hits a target no one else can see.
like your picture
Attention users: we're incorrectly listed as playing Horrible Bosses. We are actually playing Transformers: Dark of the Moon
Happy Independence Day!!!
Watching 1960s Batman episodes. Liberace trying to woo Aunt Harriet. I am equally confused and appalled ...
RT : She speaks Truth. RT : You know you need to go shopping when you're eating sauerkraut as a late night junk...
I just wish the wind would calm down!
Um I like Crocs. sue me.
sweet cant wait to see it!
“Success in almost any field depends more on energy and drive than it does on intelligence.”~Sloan Wilson
No need to apologize. It is what it is- and you're right, it's excellent work.
The inspired me to read "A Tree Grows in Brooklyn" today. It's one of those books I always thought I'd read, but hadn't.
I don't have a 5 year plan. Like the code I write, I'm agile, ever changing and evolving.
Aight, will do.
The Olivia Tremor Consomme
"I wish Reality wasn't cold but it is, Growin up in the city some thuggish and rugged kids" -the first line of one of my new verses
BOOM!x“: Listening to roman reloaded #nickiminaj”
Thanks sweety! Have a nice day!
yeah we're with Maybach music now.
I agree...maybe tomorrow??
Now that was a little much! You need to find the middle.
Syracuse survives against KSU.......one game @ a time.........
3 more papers =( a final and a presentation. but i got this! just a walk in the park
We have cool "Followers"!
Happy fathers day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I spent 3 hours trying to figure out what to get my dad couse my sis took my idea........booooooobooooooo
my thoughts exactly!
thanks for the follow blanche hudson!
Are you celebrating Cinco de Mayo this weekend? foodsmart is ready to make your fiesta Great!
See these Scent-sational candles and scrumptious fragrances.
Thanks for the recommendation. I can't wait to be part of some real Car Wash talk on Twitter!
Grrrr....im hungry NOW!
went to Budapest when the iron curtain still existed. Eye opening for sure Stayed at guesthouse through out Germany and Austria
See the creative bee for banners & buttons! RT While I'm at it, anyone need a new banner or button?
I hate jermey Lin he is a ball hog that's why melo and amere will leave
OMG! Large events and summits have so much design work to be done. The secret, though, is having branding and design done on point.
volbeat is coming to TX....fuckin right...time for a good show
how r u feeling now?
NO4 "TELL YA FRIENDS"ft. DMX,DANI STEVENSON.PRODUCED BY 3X GRAMMY AWARD WINNER DEEZLE.VIDEO ON YOUTUBE NOW.SINGLE ON ITUNES
If mizzou loses, everyone gets screwed.
Happy New Year! Here's to turning the page and making 2011 a great year...it is our choice after all.
oh no <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> must stop but can't! Lmfao
Went on an interesting yet fun adventure with Tia :) good tines. So tired
Hey #oscars it's been over an hour!! Fix your Sound!!
Excited to see what has in store tonight for ! Tune in tonight at 8!
That was an amazing throw, right?
"practically".. I was drunk. Don't you mean "cum again?"
Love us? Tweet #luvuplatoscloset and tag us for a chance to win a $25.00 weekly gift card!
#nowfollowing welcome to the market homie
Most likely you're right about that!
high-five Stanford!
Says a lot about what he has to say that people want to hear. He is a man of his word and speaks from his heart not teleprompter
thank u!!
Even with all of our imperfections and failures, I am proud to be a Christian.
wait... even CC ones?
hell yea I'm mad smh..
Quit drinking soda a few days ago and was doing so well until I opened the garage fridge and had Mountain Dew taunting me...DAMNIT!!
Nothing like starting the day with a fresh cup of from home!!!! thx !!!!
Work joyfully and peacefully, knowing that right thoughts and right efforts will inevitably bring about right results. www.hairinthecity.me
On this day in 1822, the United States Congress formally organized the territorial government of our state.
Visit the JFR Facebook page - we've added photos of our rescuers.
he got a fucked up mentality thats gone fuck him up in the long run
Not that I know of. I was at a bar last night but it was quiet and I didn't even drink, I had a coffee.
goodmorning everyone, what's everyone up to ?
sleep number. He looks like a 67
You're a big girl and it's your world And ima let you do it how you wanna
omg jon just replied 2 monica O_O
Sunday funday at Murphy's booooozinnnn
geek'd off loud, listenin to new mixtape
will u send him my name please please please please please please please
I am going to need someone to step up and buy some pasta. I have spent too much time looking for a paper clip.
you should follow meh,
The gym keeps me up to date with sports. Everyone's face is glued to this Bball game
so when are we doing a Women of Cringe show?
When baking, follow directions. When cooking, go by your own taste.
Great session idea: giving kids a place to become activists, which got me thinking how we get them in public insight journo.
got any friends/family in the LA area? im performing with #YMCMB YOUNG MONEY this monday and i have 40 tickets
as you should, good work.
you completely pushed me out, so i had to move on too
I want a happily ever after with , I hope that seriously happens. <3
Anyone that says that #StayAtHomeMom is not work, has never done it!
I commit 2 tweeting 1 celebration daily. I celebrate longer days & more sunlight! Anyone else want to make a commitment?
Glad I'm not the only one! RT : my mirror argues with me, smug bastard
actually traffic is dumb .
Such a good song! Ever? Something off a weird al record
where's my fucking steak?
Originality is disguising your influences.
madison/danecounty has been recession proof, we have a strong economy, and scotty wants to break us, like he did milwaukee county. fu !
Whoop whoop! It's FRIDAY!!!
"Write about it. Post about it. Blog about it. Shout it out vía social media...Content is King."
Interracial dating double standards
Kids got off to a good start this Monday morning. I think that I sign of a good week ahead.
ditto, and I feel SO silly.
adam lamberts performance on mtv ema's with queen was AWESOME!!!
Feed the Birds from the Mary Poppins Soundtrack
Woah did I see a Pacer fan on my TL???? Idk they existed ...even in Indiana
…that's a thing?? I have Lynch's version in my dvd collection unwatched. I also have my david lynch t shirt on right now!
you got it.
WHO is the brunette sitting next to the guy with glasses?
Follow me I love fitness; Imam the princess of swim & gym!!
Welcome to Danielle and Marie! Thank you for your support!
Oh goodness...;D
awesome. Cya there! If u wanna know what madness you're in for, the band is called 'Die Pretty'. Check em out.
NICK.MARA'S.DAD.TWEETED.MY.VIDEO. I can't contain myself. asddfghjkl.
I spoke too soon about the 3rd book in the 50 shades trilogy. Its awful. Hate to be harsh but this is the first time I've wanted money back.
lmaoo what day is it?
I know I'm a little late on this, but I LOVE #hungergames. I can see this turning into a similar Twilight obsession I had/have.
Agree! I can't wait for the shorts.
OH>>>>> Thank you GOD!!!! Love to you this off season. Relax & enjoy!
good! Headed south to visit a film fest!
No matter what time I go to bed, I'm always dead at school.
Gitelman focuses on the sending of names on the telegraph, which many people paid to do to see the telegraph technology in action.
scary audition for House. Had to speak fluent german!!! :/
AUDITIONS FOR SUMMER SHOW THIS WEEKEND. PINKBANANATHEATRE.COM FOR DETAILS!
Ipad commercial "You can tweet when you're nowhere near your followers?" Isn't that the point of twitter?
Followers of mine that are runners: ran yesterday and today outside of ankle hurts, near the bone/muscle up my leg. How can I stretch it?
mitt romney would be SECRET-Keeping Pres. He would NEVER be transparent like Pres. Obama, makes me think mendacious mitt is also nefarious!
Eat it, don't tweet it
- Congrats Cynthia!
should die your eyebrows pink! Ok maybe not.... Or maybe!
surprisingly good!
yo, where u been?
You borrowed someone else's lipstick to wear? Sneaky.
Nice blogging discussion today with Wondering if blogs ever decrease workload of teachers or is it always an increase?
Warming up my voice before the show tonight. Then on to hair and makeup!
The same people that tell me I need to go to rehab are the same people that cause me to drink. Woof.
#SmallEngineRepair wins Best Production in an Intimate Theatre!
Mom said she could see me being an attorney!
Tune in and catch waking up with this morning with and
Currently experiencing the glorious joy that comes with taking a risk on an unknown headphone brand and discovering they have perfect sound.
Albert Einstein: Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.
That's sad to me. He is one of the few that could have revived AC and RnB.
Other recommendations welcome and encouraged.
memphis dogs fast as hell
Lmao i hella just got it
what's the deal with Should then, putting out an old assembly on NuGet?
When you turn 21, you can legally do all the things you've been doing since you were 16..
dont need luck. I do this shit.
“ I followed like 100 people today RT & FAV if I missed u”
Your beautiful. (:
Thank you Goddess! I really do like to learn about etymology. You saved me a google!
hahaha I thought that was what he was doing
Happy birthday Pattie!!! <3 I love you!
I did haha he started to laugh
Foreign made cars > American made
take however long you need cuz im tryna get it in
I'm still in ATL.
better mix u some cereals and lay it on down lol
beat some ass!!!
F ex "I am a veteran" usually preceded statement about platform on veterans' issues so we thought it counted.
roller coaster season #50 + wins next year
Observing Occupy DC protest outside DC Moultrie courthouse. Cornell West spoke. On my lunch break from jury duty.
#TheBestThing Would Be . . . When GOD Comes Back and chooses who goes to Heaven, and I hear Me, My Family and My Friend's Name
I feel for anyone who has to wait that long when they have a reservation.
Teresa def looked like the grinch in those hairballs! Is she planning on stealing christmas? True italian way!
I still absolutely LOVE listening to my former work 103.7 KISS-FM when I'm in Milwaukee. Curious as to how I would have fared in PPM here.
Love this quote: "I'm not trying to copy nature. I'm trying to find the principles she's using." - R. Buckminster Fuller
DT this weekend
Stephen A. Smith: I could see the Pacers stealing two games and winning the (Heat) series. It will be highly competitive.
Double win SquE-Z Sunday!!!! Congrats to both winners and you'll be SquE-Zn in no time!!!
Isn't he your grandma though?
Good luck!! Kill it!! You guys have to win!!
I was thinking the same thing!!!! #leggo!!!!! Have you thought about participating in Steve Harvey's mentoring program?
I HATE FORGETTING WERE I PARKED....
Feel like death. Super.
It feels like a war.
Tom Antion was great tonight on Celebrity Creators
WYS!!! Gotta make sum happen... this ain't right lol!!
I'm paying consequences to things I didn't do.
So tired two long days in a row.....
Good morning :-) and goodnight im tired :( :-)
game on my friend. I may see you in SF this weekend. RT : Blessed morning
but I never said good-bye :p
#ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies bring my own snacks
It's National Blood Donor Month! Only 7% of the eligible population donates. It's easy. Call 1-800-GIVE-LIFE or visit www.givelife.org.
I missed out! :(
Followed you back! (:
chillin in pasadena with ttc come to the show at the white rabbit tomorrow #FUCK YEA
oh my i love lil mama's hair.
Check out the photo shoot of the Anderson Family Holiday photos by going to my FB page below!
I posted Monkeys for your amusement...and to make Moo a lil jealous. heehee
Prescription drug abuse a growing problem - KGO-TV
Happy New Year! Resolve to love, learn, laugh and do good as much as possible!
I'm actually doing good so far!
You know what's awesome? Errors establishing networking connections. I love those.
If the heart is said to be the strongest muscle in the human body, then tell why does it break so easily?
we are counting down the days until we can visit you at the market. and can't wait!
Anytime, BTW if your with friends who like Whiskey or cocktails. You must have a drink at Rickhouse, or bourbon and Branch.
This plane smells like a McDonalds. I was hoping that would be the case!
Guess what.
Posthumous anything is fundamentally depressing.
Morning Rockstars! > Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt. - William Shakespeare
I'm done trying to be nice.
Your Soul wants to sing! Pls see previous Rumi quote
off to muay thai
Thanks for the list!
Likewise! RT : Look forward to your tweets
Houston Astros fans just don't understand... : Its a torn ACL not a death sentence holy shit
great day in Las Vegas, tons to do
Thanks & for the mention!
fighting some one on facebook
Excited to be working with you :)
#futrchat It's the prospect of defining yourself as the sum of all these digital parts that could prove to be an ID crisis down the road.
Saw some peeps in the store today.. It begs the question: what's your favorite or unknown #easteregg ?
which class did you use bayou for?
I have no clue. That's what my mom just said
Solid win last night over the ... Do you think will be back for the playoffs?
Just hit bank roll with this pay piggy!!!! LOL!!! This calls for a shopping or spa day tommorow... maybe both!! $$$$
Oh I'm so glad you enjoyed it! Awesome!
Thanks! I'm enjoying reading about this new chapter in your life and as always, your acerbic observations.
You want to know what's not fun?Catching a cold.and that's what I just caught-Kieran
#Luckiest! ": You got kissed by Belle. #Lucky"
Seth Aaron is my pick to win it and not just because of the tattoos.
RT : I love my city Chicago. But we need to stop the violence ,fighting,& killing. Before we kill our entire race. Can we...
Plans Friday? Plan to have a cold one w/ volunteers fresh off the worksite w/ Red Hats & AmeriCorps. 6-10pm
Chorus Concert later
Ok cali sounds great.i will most definitely take u up on dat.the bay or SOCAL?????
when i see my boyfriend and his family at the mall with like no makeup on, looking ratchet... lol why me.
Last minute voice coaching with Ms Leigh for big auditions tomorrow..
wearing my cabinet maker hat today.
Wide awake just staring at the ceiling -.-
you need a daylight ring! Get back inside!
super fun! Crashed HARD when I got home. Dreamed the brewers game went to 25 innings and crew won.
I will miss u girl! Xoxo
I'm Making A Move Best For Me & Maybe You...
Tomorrow: One of the best raffle giveaways in town: 40inch Flat TV, NASCAR passes ,TaylorMade golf clubs, Bud Light golf bags,and much more
We'll hold your hand....
sounds like we're moving to a modular app environment
17 hours and counting at the office. We're practicing our presentation and eating Dominos pizza. #exciting!
ED BETTER COME TO SEATTLE!! HES SUCH A SWEETIE. OMG. LET ME LOVE YOU
First few days of 2012 have been busy, but now it's time to step up my twitter game!
I'm proud of our president's speech today! Social Darwinism, indeed. Stand and take notice, RWNJs. PBO is back on the campaign trail!
Every square inch of pavement within 5 miles is for sale as Red Sox parking.
I really appreciate your #NoTalkingPoints re: Marriage Equality / Words that come back 2 haunt u? Does CNN post that online?
Day 2 at Emerald Downs Gift Show -- lots of fun!
nothing much just being bored!
Government...are you REALLY going to take money away from our seniors? Their"golden yrs"now means they're being pissed on.
Hot guy in zumiez. Lol op hi
Anyone interested in a data scraping project? The Freshman Seminar Motherblog has aggregated >5000 posts.
lets go
"40 Year Old Virgin" & "Knocked Up": Certified King Most Hood Classiques.
RT Jst ate some weed. Lol, is that dumb ? ««as hell...unless you got pulled over
just watched #gethimtothegreek - surprisingly good
#mysuperpowerwouldbe being able to enlarge my wang, right now its at goon...but whats a goon to a GOBLIN!
We hope everyone enjoys Opening Day safely today! Go #Brewers!
not giving up at all. This party is just getting started. :)
is called dude party bro bro baseball tv driving home thank yes got music
I love the memories I'm building in my new improved and happy life.
Loving the purple mountains this morning!
- I love Green Eggs and Ham, by Dr. Seuss and I have made green eggs several times. They are great!!!
FB message me! :)
we had an hour long workshop on linked in and blogging- soon we will be looking at building FB fan pages with WordPress.
is bringing 9000 needles to Denver! Stay tuned as we finalize details (i.e. sponsors, etc). Let us know if you want to help!
; more like i search, && you pay ms.moneybags. :)
I Know that onions arent the only vegetable that can make you cry okay I think Getting whacked in the face with a potato seems to do it.
better late than never and all that! You're very welcome. You guys were great. Hope to catch you again soon! :-)
I'm always b dere 4 u I really luv u I hope 1 day u read did n never forget about it<U+E402>
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-55
kk im trying to get get Tia to come down but I guess we are leaving friday night cuz shola leaves saturday?
love y'all too!! Look at us.... Lol
Irish journalist. Check out the links. Isn't he WONDERFUL!!!?
just saw the promo for the Bachelorette. The single mother is going to star. Uhh. Do I care? Well, no, I do not.
comb your mustache first
then u smile!!!
#Govtech leadership needs to build in app & data sustainability into strategy.Otherwise,recipe for failure & disillusionment
I may or may not be live tweeting from " Titantic 3D. " Just sayin'.
Do you think my landlord will be amused if I write APRIL FOOLS on my rent check instead of a dollar amount?
Perkins: The current gaming industry is in a tough spot & ipoker gives them another product to offer. Industry wants this.
Your welcome! :D
Watching cinderla two :)
thats a pretty intense schedule. Lets catch up if you have a few minutes
On my way to Italy for a performance. Definitely stop by and pick up an application from Team Leader Michelle :) I'm back Tue
Stay Tru To Your <U+2665>
Gary Oldman the great.
Hope to see you at our Christmas party tonight! You can meet all of the girls and get them excited for the fashion show!
#ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL "oh no she didn't"... "Nu uh!" ..."who's the daddy!"..."Smh my ppl my ppl.."
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TUPAC.YOU ARE AND WILL ALWAYS BE MISSED.TIME TO POUR OUT A LIL LIQUOR.YA DIGG......
Hah! You gotta love those people!
You have to come to this event next year, its awesome. The guys are very friendly.
The amount of work I have to do until May 15 is endless.
It's been WAY too long... but I think of you a lot! I'll come in next week - I promise!
very nice!
Comforting him . Everything going to be okay even if i have to stay here all night I will
For school
9am and I have already had a conversation each about media strategy and bagel strategy. This bodes well.
haha! I can see the shirt thing!! Cuz of her dress when she first becomes a human?? Lol
TV has exploited prisoners. Prison is not black and white. Filmmaker hopes to shed light on grey area.
strike 3. He left but it was raw dog.
Everybody please follow my personal account 3
let's get it!
We have yet another fan. One love to the Barista at Starbucks singing #AMP lyrics as I pass by.
How are you and your family going to stay active this year?
#WhenBoys keep on reminding you how beautiful and worthy you are.
I love you. I am who I am because of you. You are every reason, every hope, and every dream I've ever had.
today is a busy day of reentry for me. I think I'm going to end up doing one #libday8 post on Friday to capture the reentry process.
The Dartmouth Aires: Best Performance OF THE NIGHT. DAYUM. That was on fiyah!
Today, I'm going from 5:30 AM to 1 AM STRAIGHT......I haven't even had time to eat yet.... :(
Honkytonk boys great show thanks. JC
was at Chicago/Boston… bring it, Newark! RT I know you get to a lot of Stanley Cup parades. Hope we have one for u to attend.
love inst.me ! Great site/idea. Would love an auto unfollow function
That approach will turn off some readers, for sure, making it more difficult to 'hear' the rest of the apt rant.
They had subtitles when most of the locals spoke.. Thank Goodness #WhatDidTheySay?
k! Thanks! How's that lil love bug?
why :o
Reminder......If you're ridin' ahead of the herd, take a look back every now and then to make sure it's still there with ya.
you're not gonna have to be at that haunted house for long, m'dear. and it *is* haunted.
its raining:) TRAMPOLINE TIME!!!
Wow its a BEAUTIFUL day!!! <3 but in a couple of hours, its going to be the HOTTEST place on earth. And its not even summer yet! UGH!
we have it tomorrow morning too? Joy
How exciting! Let me know what you hear back. My fingers are crossed for you!
Won our last kickball game--play offs next week! Sad to see the season ending, though.
actually I decided to pick one up today! I got it in the color fresh pink, i didn't try it yet but I'll let you knw! :]
Omni Amelia Island hotel pool will be closed until 1st March 2012 (end of the hotel renovation).
Give her a reason to love again
4 more hours until I'm 16 :D
no football games and drinks?
So pumped to get back to where it all began.. Nov 30th, Me Vs Myself returns home to Seattle for a Rock filled Evening at The HardRock Cafe!
Adele!! Love her!!
70 mph winds knocked my power out almost six hours ago. And it's still out!!
you seemed exciting and excited lmao
You are so fake. Real tree drinks say not for city boys I think its not meant for guys like you too.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Research - Spirit sales improve in March; Brown Forman remains the best performer with sales up 9.4%.
Well, he IS a GENIUS
The bitter girl "training" me QUIT. I've had to go into sink or swim mode :o but I am one determined beotch. I will figure it out myself!
I must go to Peru. I've seen the holy ceviche.
interacial bisexual 3-ways are always available in two places...Vegas & Harlem...I recommend both, in 1 day.
Was it the sudafed you have to show your drivers license for, because it's used for meth production? There's your answer!
Just got a bribery beej
I'm young simba man I can't wait to be the king
I've been feeling that way for a couple episodes now. The minor changes are quickly snowballing into major ones.
officially a sophomore in college!! love this shit!!
yeah. It's sucking. I was hoping to get to sleep by 4
Happiness is not 1 but 2 cones from DQ one was small twist dipped in butter scotch the other was kids chocolate dipped in cherry, so good!!!
See ya tomorrow or friday buddy. wants to do dinner. Chances are she needs more romance advice.
GOODMORNING BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE , HAVE A WONDERFUL AND BLESS DAY.
CNN projects Santorum winner in Missouri.
...thanks for the follow....keep killing it!!
the truth can be HARD to swallow depending on the size of the pill
whoohoo! we can hardly wait!!!
Please check your email - I sent you a time-sensitive message. Thank you.
aladdins in memorial or uptown hookah on richmond. check the site for directions
cant get bugger all done because of the music
yo J we all very excited and anxiously await your arrival. peace
Good catch Cruz!
God, when are smartphones gonna come up with useful apps like "how long until the sedative wears off" and "how to muffle their screams"?
I have to go here . SMH ... I remember when Twitter Used 2have Shifts .. Morn ... Mid and Twitter After Dark AKA Free 2 Open & Loosen Up
Not sure I wanna see the Hunger Games. Books were fine enough!
Pure sadness.
Dublin Alumni - we need your photos. We want to capture some moments from your Dublin experience. Please send photos to
so, we couldn't agree with you more! #internsrock :) hope you are having a good end of semester!
I have plans like every weekend until after summer break starts lol
If I know what love is; It is because of you.<3
is Mr. Bacon in there?
hahah! YOU SAID IT...
m men's deodorant. at least i'll smell like i have a boyfriend today.
I wanna play another show. Can I get a re-do?
Haha, very true. #HelloMonday RT Is there anything more scarry than a blank piece of paper?
My interview with Ashley Judd before she spoke at the YWCA'S "In the Company of Women" luncheon is coming up on News8 She's remarkable.
more of cheap beer bad food town.
Spending Fri evening reading #EDU12 proposal reviews to help assemble conference program. So many good proposals! (Yes, I need a life. :))
"One" as a pronoun often sounds artificial. One must be very careful what one does, as one only wants to sound like one wants to.
was that "tiro loco McGraw" In the #SuperBowl metlife ad? Yep ... "quick draw McGraw" for the none Spanish speakers hehehe
Ain't that the truth! :)
but WHY can't this be love?
half of our final four is still alive. Not great but not terrible. If Kansas makes it to the final game you're probably good
Art is never finished, only abandoned... - Leonardo da Vinci
Special guest on SAXAppeal tonight. President Barack Obama! Tune in at 10pm to hear the exclusive interview!
I didn't realize how much lint I had on my pants. Hey everybody at the gym, check out my linty pants!
Car shoveled out. First on my block! Doesn't matter, still have two feet of snow in the street.
let's give away some tickets for my show! Call Off The Hook now! 239-389-6900 mention Trixx' tweet!
So true. My boys & I are big fans of everything Ghibli, Cowboy BeBop, & Samurai Jack. Never felt it 4 Disney.
Registration for the fall in 7 hours. I'm either going to be extremely happy or extremely pissed off.
I'd love to hear/read this! Any chance it'll be recorded, or you'd be willing to share notes?
word we better get up
And I strongly suggest you guys come down on Friday night
FOR FREE!
If you unfollow me on Cinco De Mayo you're racist.
bye bye internet, back to my insomniac reading.
The anticipation!
": Feat - Motherland (The Lamberti Boyz Remix) #blessings" I'm very excited about this!
Who has transitioned apps like Office, CRM and email to “The Cloud” and what was your experience?
Is it weird that I unknowingly started brushing my teeth? #WhatTheFuckIsWrongWithMe ?
im watching the season premiere of la ink you are so pretty :)
Giving away a board for 10$, Saturday morning, come by either of our shops.
NICE Introduces Analytics-driven Real-time Customer Interaction Management Offering
It's time to finish what #wiunion started over a year ago. With and , we will reclaim Wisconsin.
Good Aftermorining my tweet peeps!!!!!
it can get infected anywhere. Don't want to argue. The piercing wouldn't look good on you. Your so pretty & you don't realize that.
I'll have a hot egg and a half crescent of crisps please
wtf you looking at ugly ass mf tf you got a staring problem cause i could fix it for you(:
Sorry mate, I had my spirit broken 3 years ago by CAA.
so many chads down here. I can't take it.
": that wing stop hit the spot" Awwh You Wrong!!
that body builder on #fearfactor is ugly as hell
When I'm sad, you always manage to find a way to cheer me up <3
that's what it's looking like.
interview topics
thanks for keeping me on the straight and narrow ;)
I didn't get a bagel.
I heart
Leiningen makes me want to set my hair on fire! Even if it is actually ant that's screwing up
Like...I Don't Like Twitter
im live again nikka les go!!
An optimist laughs to forget..A pessimist forgets to laugh.
i love a girl/boy with braces ;)
So I see my dog left me a present in my restroom... Grrrrr!!!! Picking up poo is fuckery
Hey how are you? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
do not despise the day of small beginnings...
Hm noodles & company. Then guitar center in Towson. Pad Thai
Thanks for getting the word out about Dance Week!
You still think Paul Martin is good?
Ish like this is why Fox viewers are so very uninformed.
Thanks so much for the RTs and
yes are you lady !
YES JACOB YES.
I really want to just leave
We offer a full range of Home and Auto coverage for all our clients' individual needs.
Come over and we'll chill in the hot tub.
S/O to my new followerss
Our family said goodbye to a member of our family today. We let balloons go in his memory, thank you for the wonderful idea.
hahaha..funny lady.....no worries....low clouds/fog here in town heading your way!...that color will be gone by morning!
oh no! I assume since you tweeted......you are mostly ok. ;)
I hate when I be loosing my phone
Scissors in my backpack..might need to take that out before going through airport security.
Excited to participate in my first #AAES Board meeting tomorrow and discuss #engineering for change
aw thanks! not yet! should be done by the end of the month.. i will def let you know when its finished: )
My stepdad just bought this android tablet. Hm
She didn't know what she was missing. Her loss! :-)
The dumb bitch made me miss my 200th tweet so here it is here my 200th tweet for being ugly ass n shitty
hysterical. deep thoughts...:)
yeah really sorry about that
House party with free drinks. A club without the hot girls
Play hard guys!
Hello... Are you ready for us world?
Intense way to start morning, bug dealing with concurrency and core dad, ugh
HELP! SOMEONE PLEASE CALL 9-1-1! MY BED HAS KIDNAPPED ME AND WILL LET ME GO!
Played tiny wings for like 20 minutes straight haha
how is it spam if there's no link? Hmm I just thought she made dissing you cool or something, so others wanted to try lol
Good afternoon Loviez I slept ok... had better sleeps lol
i hope the baby doesn't turn out to be "a little situation" than guys too weird to have a kid
Physically stealing the computer :-)
yes where is hotintech and when is it over? I'll come by.
How about you stop what you're doing, pick up the phone, and get Baked! Chef's Choice dozen for only $9.06! We're open til 12! Please RT :)
on so it begins... im looking up for the big ideas while simultaneously skipping over the little rocks
Crazy coincidence. Am just now listening to a live Rent Party ('09) "Dont' Take Me Alive". I think DF was in rare form that tour.
just drew me the frattiest paddle pic in draw something
for dominion belongs to the LORD and he rules over the nations. Psalm 22:28
You'll get to (:
We would like to thank all of you who have supported us for #2011. We really appreciate it and we will see you in #2012! Have a great night!
": Whatcha doin?" Directing a local news morning show in Madison. Z...
thanks for sharing!
She offered the dude $1k for it, was gonna take it until checked with his boss. Female ring value just over $10k
THE WORLD IS OURS!!!
I restored it on my own and it still was glitchy. Screen shutting off, getting all pixelated. I love to hate the genius bar.
REMEMBER!!! Tom Catron lecture tonight! 7 pm, Santuario de Guadalupe downtown... FREE!!!
See you in Miami! The weather is nice & warm here :)
It might not be an allergy but people can naturally get sick over something like it still. Does everyone have to over-judge?
check DMs please?(:
Just heard Tom Waits singing, "Maybe things will be better in Chicago." Maybe, but only from about June-October. Otherwise no such luck.
omg I wore it in palm Springs last week!
yes, that's her. I wonder why the link doesn't work? It works from here...
she's amazing, everything i ever dreamt of, she's in the audience now *winks* I: well lets get her out here then! (c)
you shall think about it untill the end of time lol....what you doing for new year?
SMH RT : RT : The amount of money I spend online shopping is just down right crazy
Ill be out and about tonight around Scottsdale and Tempe... Leaving back to Vegas Tuesday so hit me up if u wanna hang out!
Outstanding! Is this community service?
pepperoni roll appetizers
See you and Tik later....
just got alot of kettlecorn, haha thought of u
yo, but we really did it tho
Finishing a long week in DC celebrating the Alpha MLK Dedication.
I B Wantin To Cuddle..But Sad...If We Aint Together Why Im I Still In Yo Bed
it's they council me, they understand, they talk to me xP
I like to live in safe environments too. I don't like dodging bullets and I work my ass off so I don't have to.
Too bad, right man for the job. RT : CMS admin Don Berwick has stepped down, resigns officially 12/2. bit.ly/teqyFw
whatever, you know me and her are the best !
Hey everybody...Delmon Young is back!!
The countdown begins as we get closer to our #FightforAirClimb May 19. Join now and climb the stairs in #austin Frost Tower to benefit ALA.
Very nice #TRMA585 presentation, Will - you brought clarity to ea. topic - seem like a natural designer -I'll be following U :)
follow the tHANXX
Yeah, it's going to get cool again this week with showers, but the weekend should be worth the wait!
And thank you for the follow back! Appreciate it!
Interesting how JLin is automatically claimed as Chinese... as if over 100 yrs of separate Taiwanese history doesn't mean anything.
why no third level for sunday's game? It would just add to the loudness of the crowd
Omg I hope you get seen!!! Also I hope I get to see you? : In lighter news its almost 6am...”
omg college life is like so totally hard. You poor thing. How'd you manage? All I remember from college was how tough life was
is having coffee with Larry Scott and Finn Afzelius.
Ha! Take that, girl scout cookies! I just finished a 5.12 mi run with a pace of 10'44"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Developer presenter from Egle Construction feels a bubble forming in multi family housing construction
In more positive #Denver sports news...Todd Helton aka "The Toddfather" is still raking. Nothing quite like a pinch hit grandslam
what happened with delta???
When people copy a tweet and say it's theirs ... Smh
only if u be nice shanika
A bit. But hopefully not far off.
Come visit #ADPonCampus today - looking for fill #sales and #business type opportunities in
my question is did know about u and fab!!!
dont make me kill yu for wishing that on me jtfo
/// Check your emails fam.
AH I'm so excited
Smokin on that loud wit
hhaha right?!?! Its hard to judge a pretty girl by one picture ;)
Wow. Twitter can't spell Michele Bachmann.
FACT. we would have more fun.
Wanna be.
When I blame server issues for not having a fresh blog out tomorrow, the 3 people that read my tweets will know the real reason. 1 too many.
RT : Make fun of Danica all you want but she never blew up the damn Daytona 500
Receive 10% off your Hair extensions just for being one of our awesome followers! Call 786-234-6211 today for details!!!
Wow I can't even tell my dreams apart from real life..
big ups to the jays. Awesome times!!
What a shock. Denver knocks out the Steelers on first play of overtime. Not the same with the Steelers on the outs. But on any given Sunday.
Blake Shelton would be performing live on 12th Jan at Huntington Center, Toledo, OH. We got some tickets for this show so call: 888-493-0004
told #NHLLive that his strength gains have as much as anything to do with his monster season -51G in 50 games!
RT : RT : EMBRACE THE CLARITY! - Over the last several years, change has become a constant in the lives of many of...
RT : Innovation is the ability to see change as an opportunity – not a threat. -Unknown
Joe Flacco is the reason why the revens wont' win the superbowl and Mark Sanchez is the reason the Jets won't win the superbowl.
Veau. It's what's for dinner. Tonight's Plat du Jour: Blanquette de Veau - classic French veal stew w/ pearl onions & foraged mushrooms, $26
One day you'll watch TV and say "Hey! I know that guy!"
Just hot through choppin it up with the homie O'Quine. God is good
[1 - 0] The Pittsburgh Pirates scored against the Houston Astros in the bottom of the 1st inning. Pittsburgh Pirates 1, Houston Astros 0
Nope. Never been during the first weekend in Vegas. Can only imagine the craziness.
Ugandan zombie children story is disturbing.People r all into zombies but when the $€¡t hits the fan people will be terrified!
Same... RT : My dad was watching golf & I can't find the remote. This shit is boring !!!!!
you're very welcome :)
Two words: BUBBLE GUTS!
lol, be jelly(; jk jk, he used to be very mean to me!
sup wit u bro i wanna do u have any free time cause i wanna work with u on some projects i have
No problem!
#teamNatural is under investigation who ever is affiliated will be stop and taken to down town for questioning .
i started reading Hegemony or Survival by Chomsky, such a good read!
does Americanized have 2B involve with the belief of GOD. America was founded on the value of its fore father n god?
Lol RT My best friend says I'm a blast in a bra. haha, don't ask.
looking fwd to reading your tweets!
Everybody git down to the Wildhorse Saloon tonight in Nashville at 9 to pull for me to win The Battle For The Saddle!
you know what? You have me. I won't block you. Ever.
Fuck school man :/ tried af havent been doing shit since shes always on my mind... I need talk to her!
you decide, they are both adorable. #shehechat #heshechat I can never remember which
A bright spot for #Twins - their pitchers led the AL w/ six 1-0 games. #Dodgers led NL, also w/ 6 such games - same as 2010.
You guys ready for and to rock whole town tonight? Get your last minute tickets while they last!!! RT RT RT RT RT RT
Everybody checking out at the same time...
"Watch who's lap you lay your head in." - #Amen Pastor D.
i want to go on a follow spree
Im done talking. U FEMALE DOG!!!
guys if you have a chick don't try to kick it with my that's mad disrespectful
A bird landed on the floor during another long tv timeout.
I do not get where I want to go in one leap. I get there one step at a time.
Yes they have been teasing us about it for far too long!
at least you're not vomit-y?
very true ;-) That's what the plan is on my end. How about you?
Today's Special, House made fettuccine in a bolognese sauce! Delicious.
I love watching Laguna Beach :p
A DROID RAZR would be about the 11th Motorola product I've owned the last 11 years (almost, not quite)
Set-up the treadmill
Lol I'm a work... What's up
Just spoke w Anna Badkhen, author of "#Afghanistan by Donkey: A Year in a War Zone" says US shld ask Afg "What do you want us to do"?
RT : Carmelo Anthony would like to see Mike Woodson return as head coach of the Knicks for the 12-13 season.
If you dont want me then dont talk to me, go ahead and free youself
Our drummer Gary is about to destroy on drums as we begin tracking our new DSD release today!
Ever imagined a growler full of the Double Choco Stout? Oh what it is to know the power and syrupy pow of this truly dessert brew
thanks Diana
No problem! Thanks for providing quality content!
The Prince was 'charming, now our Founder is off to judge the MBA Talent Show in Kensington.Good luck to all youth who will perform tonight!
your puppy chow looks awesome though (thanks instagram)
": didn't know you had back issues. Ill come play a round with ya when your cleared" anytime after noon I'm free
Maybe having some student consultants might better help social media endeavors succeed. I don't see that happen so much though
Someone smashed in my windows this morning with a large blunt object.
today is a #Django template on #AppEngine day. matching impedance between front-end and back-end.
Well, really looking for what we, as eds, can do, and lord knows we all talk about it a TON, so that's obvs not the answer.
Civilization as it is known today could not have evolved, nor can it survive, without an adequate #food supply. -N. Borlaug (via )
Sleep over with tonight, yay!!!
Go follow my main account! I will follow everyone back! But can't tweet, on tweet limit -.- <33.
This time next year, Communic8 will be a household name. You heard it here first. Interested? Stay tuned.
Reading "Screw Business as Usual" #virginunite and Richard Branson have it right!
I got you
Esp given my own anxiety abt rusty coding skillz is part of what led me not to apply for some of these jobs.
Girlfriend's Best friend.
Abandoned the dumpling festival for the almost-as-crowded Dumpling House on Eldridge.
what's the point in suspending a starting pitcher for only 5 days?
Hey!! Please ask Brad to sing HuckFinnBlues tonight! Thank you!
Why did Steve Carrell have to leave The Office
I hope you really meant PittsburgH!
Oh you are sorry...
I don't really mean it.
lmbo!! yeah you're such a mush!! lol
Follow me and i'll follow back.(:
Greatest. Local. Blog. Ever. MT : Where Would Jesus Park in #BloomingdaleDC? wwjpinbloomingdale.blogspot.com
my fiance come from two very prominent families in Arlington and not a single one of them or their friends would vote for you.
Visited you Denton Location on Thurs. I am not exaggerating when I say, that the Dirty Love Burger is the best I've ever had!
Yeah, I was experimenting with ifttt and apparently one of the recipes I set up went a bit crazy...
i heard a rumor that is afraid of the rain, so they will never come to seattle.
Messi with the trick
RT : 12545 Old Meridian St. Suite 130. It's up near the Meijer and, according to Yatz, next to The Stacked Pickle.
they'll work for that too , send us a pic we will post it on the site!
was it good?
MLL Champs!! Congratulations to the from a former dance teamer!!
Working through someone elses emotions is like moving a mountain, #impossible unless your Dan Meek
be proactive and have a game-plan. The recruiting process is very competitive.
I've learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends on our dispositions and not on our circumstances.
See you all tonight at Kork for St. Patrick's festivities!
lol you wasn't there when she hit me! I wasn't gone let her weak ass walk away like shit was sweet! So yea, I dropped her!
oh ok :P
Do you need the usage? Maybe we can set up a call to see if there's a way to make this work?
Going to choir rehearsal
Did Ke$ha really say she liked your beard?
great use of symbaloo and nice picture books! Thx let me know if we can help for other conferences!
Steak, corn, & potatoes for dinner ! #Yumm <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
you guys around today?
TRUE THAT. Seriously.
Dont even feel like studying anymore... Fuck it ill study in the morning
WooHoo! MizMuze just got her tix to see Beach House at the Fillmore on 2/18!!!
Tx for link. But do you have any specific evidence of decline of interest in blogging among students? Don't see it in that post.
You know it Que and so does she!
That would be awesome! I totally feel like I could be a Where the Wild Things are character :)
thanks for spreading the Shindig love!
factually correct
I am willing!
Feels like one of those days that you want to ask the teacher if you can have class outside.
I texted you back?
heey I hvent talked to u in a while
Hard baking the eggs instead of boiling is the move.
Success with weight loss has to start with the right attitude. With a good positive attitude anything is possible!
Animal print pants, out of control! “: Starting the #WriteOurFuture year at 2012 BOD mtg while iPod sings,"Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle!"
Haha I know - I wish I could talk sports and name drop owners as friends.
soo. its my birthday today.. and nobody si home. wtf.
Ticketweb is back up. That was fast!!
7 hours!!! I'm not ready.
Andrew. I will split the deal with u. I need a Java non h1 b person Seattle start up. Free.
We appreciate that you took time out of such a hectic day to attend our event! It was great to see you and your family there.
OMG! Why does this idiot keep comin in my office talkin to me? I've already told him I will NOT agree w/anything he has to say!
Q5. Share or describe your most embarrassing picture
In scientific writing, and otherwise, avoid commas, that are, really, unnecessary.
Lunch is over and James McPherson is up. His nominee for #POTY1862 is David G. Farragut. What do you think?
I've always hated birthdays.
Business is good and we appreciate the support!
Ya I'm fine just a little angry
Grandma always said "Feed a fever, starve a cold". Does your family have tricks for staying healthy this time of year?
So glad to hear.
Now that Gingrich is out, I wish I could forget his name as easily as I did that other guy.
I have grad-school tonight, which must mean the are in a crucial game and actually televised. Looking forward to December...
Here's my feeling on the importance of tonight's Lakers-thunder game: LA can still win series without W tonight. OKC can't without W tonight
ah! That would be fun!!! Let's do it!
I'm so glad you're an Omahan! I can't wait to run into you or (idea!) meet for a drink or coffee once #bigomaha settles down.
BEWARE OUR MOOSEY DOOM!
We are *8* followers away from 500! When we hit 500 followers, we'll choose a random follower to receive a full page ad in Issue #21!
lol I'm known to be a bad influence ;)
good to hear, let me know if you need anything!
that's not safe!!:-p
I heard was at your house the other day...... Big Daddy.
Google revenue up 27%, profits up 6.4% so stocks fall 10%. Not good enough apparently... This uneducated fool finds that bizarre.
How have you been boo? imy
The Pin-Up Squirrels are performing at The PIT at 9:00 on Sat., 4/21! Come on out and see them!
Home watching Rangers on tv and following yanks-angels on the iPhone. Let's go Yankees yes I know I'm saying that!!!
Lakers look pretty good
CHECK YO MAIL..
Who trying play though.. that's the real question
Singing is not worship. Justice is worship, and when justice prevails the people sing. -Eugene Peterson
why not feeling good? Cuz I want you guys to miss me. Jk lol
2 things. Twitter is full of attention whores and snl is the worst show on tv. That is all.
At St. Ignatius with the youth group!
do you mean django-email-confirmation or django-mailer?
“: Good Morning! S/o to the people who never sleep in, constantly up early on their grind! #DRIVE” <~ good morning
On a serious note... Yeah, I want him to be a head coach again as well.
FREE Premium health food samples for dogs and cats (my kitties love 'em!) www.freepetfoodsamples.com
I get that tingley feeling whenever #101.5 plays my 3 favorite songs in a row! It's #magic!!
I hear sucks at madden! In fact he was using Tom Brady playing against tampa bay and got less than 100 passing yards :/
finally chose a college, now i just need to pack up my things and get my ass back to california. who's ready for me?!
*In a car with friend* *Music on really loud* Friend: This is really loud. Me: No shit, I'm in the car and can hear too.
why does Chuck still have 2 talk dirty about city of San Antonio on TV? Alamo and Tower of Americas both great
Our current peak crawling capacity is now over 4 billion URLs per month!
dont forget to pack your boomstick for the trip to SF
I miss you bunches:(
I just had a seizure watching this Arcade Fire. Is that normal?
Tell it like it is
Working till 1:30 then Pre-Mothers Day cookout with the fam :)
I'm so excited for this Summer!!
Stewart Mandel, college football & basketball columnist for SI.com, joins The Score in a few minutes to talk college football realignment!
i started in london,n stayed for 3 days bt my gf ended it,so i went o boston,walkd to richmond on wednesday got my gf bak then walked to NY.
They pull links, it is the live site in the binder.
o yea?! muahz!!
Clippers & HEAT won pretty good day now all I need is for my stomach to get better.
Hey Everyone! Looking for a SUPER deal on a 42" Plasma TV? Check out Buddy's, they have them for 19.99/wk.
- Burnt Tongues (Your Demise) Cover
I love coming home to a super clean house. Thank you maid service! I'm lazy and a guy, don't hate
How many commercial breaks has there been? Like.. 20,000? I think so.
Get Tony and Jack in the war room! We've got work to do!
Idk why, but spiders more than anything freak me out... it takes a lot to scare me so idk whats my deal...?
Gerry - belated thanks and well wishes. Appreciate the #FollowSaturday SO. Hope ur having a great holiday weekend. Brian
Heros get remembered, Legends never die
Sometimes I Just Be Wondering
Does that include changing ur Twitter? U can just add something to it. Google keeps linking my old twitter to your page -_-
Thanks for following! You an audiophile? I used to work for a few LD and builders.
i knowww! i'll return son
If I were a fruit, I would be passion.
congrats & have a great time at #curatecamp !
Eightythree Technology Launches Lock My Downloads for iOS, Providing A Secure Web Browser, Fast Multi-Download Manager ...
lol, funny stuff.
worldview = tradition = culture = mental models; we just assume that's the way it needs to be ..
have a wonderful day. You kicked butt this weekend so you can see the kids tonight. Perfect. Just think E thinks your tough.
When Fitzy gets recalled there should be a 12:01 am rally in celebration.
The Knicks are saying Jeremy Lin is out for 6 weeks (the rest of the regular season) after an MRI reveals a small chronic meniscus tear.
say hello to my little friend.
Happiness is a journey, not a destination. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BE>
"optimistically speaking" is a term that comes from 19 years of losing.
Damn!!! Fantasia got me wanting Collard Greens and Cornbread!!! Now I am hungry!!!
Almost ready to announce the new logo! Then after that the new blog will follow :-)
S/o too all my new followers :) muahhz*xO
If you ever got something done for u by me for little to nothing and you still complain I'd say you were
Read tales to my grandkid J. I love tales, I live in a tale. I am a queen he is a little prince.
Happy Birthday!! Sounds like it's off to a great start!
did you see my artwork I bought the other day? Can't remember if I mentioned it last time.
Roasting marshmallows in my fireplace while lounging on the chaise really gets the ideas flowing. Nice winter way to get over
Super Bowl Crockpot Recipes These Super Bowl Crockpot recipes make it easy to throw a fantastic party and still enjoy the game. These rec
Wishing my Mom a Happy Birthday
help me fight my cases when u finish
I kicked it today with the bby & my big homie :)
#phdadvice : It's more a question, I think, of teaching a student how to assess the risk of a topic.
ha that and Taylor swift!! Such garbage!! Belongs on 104 KRBE!!!! I'm waiting for Texas country to blow the fuck up like it should!
oh so welcome!
which one
Family can get really annoying
good morning and happy halloween.
Selling all my furniture from my Hollywood apt...or trading it for a bicycle with a basket.
do everything that will bring more joy to your life!
#MidnightInParis. Nigh Nigh all. Sweet dreams, I know I will now! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
The inside of Blair is tough
Cause you're always beautiful in the morning
TONIGHT Jon Spencer Blues Explosion, Heavy Trash, Boss Hog, Pussy Galore $11
antiquing is fun!!!! No matter how creepy
All of this Corr stuff is cracking me up. PAY HEED, , when you invent players out of thin air, WE'LL CALL YOU OUT ON IT.
9.5cm dilated...about to push out a baby!
What's a favorite holiday tradition you and your family have?
just ended my LTR with AT&T! Got my iPhone AND Verizon! Whoot :-)
It's sad that most women would reject Erik "The Lizard Man" Sprague just because he has a reptile dysfunction.
Member what happened to the last guy who the voice? .... My point exactly.
Thx for taking time to follow~ Love your products~
I'm trying to get up with Sam now but he ain't hit me back yet
Goodbye family law. You've been a thorn in my side all semester, I'm glad to see you go.
#ILoveAustinBecause he makes me happy !!(:
Missed like a week and a half of school and still have a 100 in science
Catch our on Y&R today on CBS as "Tucker's" nurse!
When the fire underneath ur ass, don't try & bring me in it...once again MADD cow
Reminder friends: I tweet about all things of interest to me & think it's worth sharing. From veganism to my tech clients. Hence ...
only in america will you see people circling the parking lot looking for a close space at a gym. lol
I hope you are having a great day so far! Don't forget to be a blessing to someone else as well!
Whoops. I was trying to thank aw, do you have split personalities? you just thanked yourself for the RT.
Check out CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO,WE GOING IN,DOWN LOAD TUNE IN RADIO TO YA PHONE, ARE
thinking if I can get Tilestream and geoserver installed, and can hit them with Leaflet.js, I will be happy....for now.
What do you like about football
that is a pretty interesting schedule. Enjoy the day!
Back in Edinburgh, leave for Athens in the morning, cheers.
But mommyy I don't want to go to the dentist :(
Saw Taylor swift last week Saw Wendy williams today!!
Christmas is coming...TisTheSeason for your heat 2 go out.Give us a call 4 all your RepairNeeds.We also give FreeAdvice via twitter/e-mail.
THAT MAN IS A CHAMPION. CHAMPION. TY so much for sending T- that man is all about POS IMPACT, clearly he knows what life's about:)
FEELING THAT HUNGER FOR MORE
I just noticed the arrows were the wrong way lol
I hate when other black people act distant and cant speak! UncleTom ass
But that's why you pay some one like me to do that stuff for you!
If anyone has a micro & mini USB phone charger we can borrow, that would be awesome. Someone (Barron) forgot theirs.
also why isn't snooki being pregnant trending?
That guy at michael kors >>
Music tonight: Wed., April 4, 8 p.m.: Hurricane Howie, New Orleans Piano
RT I dined there last night #FF #Oakland Food & Drink [how was it?I've yet to go...]
Instructor played as a cool down jam. Perfect way to end a great spin class
You're cool and all, but I don't want a third consecutive semester of 3 finals in one day. Thanks and Tech 'em wreck.
Sat night and watching Moulin Rouge in High Def with my step bro.
I didn't see it until Angela put it on my wall
I don't kiss celebrities' asses just to get them to retweet me -.-
just lost her phone... And someone special has it
got a quote for the bus..$460. We may have to have a bake sale or fundraiser lol
ooh! Sorry to hear. Goes by fast is all I can say.
chill damm laws outside.
like. do you have a gallery of pieces for sale online?
It's like the Survivor of Top Chef.
Send us a design for a free quote.Get the special pricing you are looking for! We are here at your services!
hell ya perez!!
That's true! What is your opinion about using the internet in providing education ?
The best time for planning a book is while you're doing the dishes. Agatha Christie
Orland Mall! What Up
#LakerNation you already know...
Should i do a cover of who says by selena gomez or a thousand miles by vannessa carlton? O.o
how come you never retweet religious edicts?
God allows us to hit rock bottom to show us He is our rock at the bottom..Thank You God for being there for me.
teach me trig!!
it is fun but sometimes frustrating heh
Minnesota Vikings release Caleb King after alleged assault
Life is like a box of chocolates u never no what ur gonna get
wine and olives? huh....
Happy Mothers Day That's for all the dude who wish that u were their Babies Mama. Lmao.
The NYJ need a miracle
If a four year old spelled those words I'd reward an A+ for effort. But adults? All I have is prayer.
It's a grand and a glorious feeling just to be a child of God.
me to.
ggrrrrrr": I forgot to make cupcakes. Whoops."
WHO RECORDED #SAYSOMETHIN ????!!!??!1 I NEED IT!!!
Mindblowing stuff! RT : You can be jealous or you can be prosperous. But you can't be both.
Just how i feel right now!!
of course I would LOVE to hear it!! Send me a link when it's all finished! YAYAYAY! (;
YEA! Do you like, want to eat a cheeseburger later or something?
I have 'Cuse winning it all! Go Orange!!!
i play 1 game a day. I do nba, mlb, ncaab, nfl, and ncaaf. Maybe i can give u my picks for a few months so you can see how i do
Hey Girl :)
Thanks to all the #ACS folks for their excitement and support of NLD! We have now almost doubled the # of NLD chemists!
Love me back shit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
#Friday! Another week in the books, time for everyone in #SouthFlorida to take a break. Before you do, call 877-244-9913 and order today!
yes yes and yes!! We are in the ballroom! Still no costume yet :/
What is your favorite happy hour spot in the Twin Cities? #minneapolis #stpaul #happyhour Mine is a sleeper... JJ's Clubhouse after softball
At Frishes with aunt an uncle
Would rather hunker down with Manu Chao Pandora station and dark chocolate than go out in the rain again. Duty calls.
Sam shields what's good?
I slept with Harry Styles while the others cried. Hehe
And I think I just found out how to "find you"!!!
"One may know how to gain a victory, and know not how to use it." Pedro Calderon de la Barca
I'm stuck in class but somebody in the penthouse across the street has the game on
will be in to STL for the Cards game. Bring nicer weather!
Why oh why am I going on a "rain or shine" hike tomorrow during The Biggest Storm of the Season? Hope my rain gear is sufficient.
Blues clues or Elmo !!! Lemmme know (:
wats wrong mama??
yay. Get money ready. Kate's second tooth came out 2 days ago. But we forgot to put money under pillow until yesterday oops.
You win some, you lose some.
Me too! Time for bed! Put...phone...down!
Happy Friday, Do & Go-ers! What are your weekend plans?
I think about this often but have never found the words to describe it. <wants to go to coffee with you and discuss for hours>
Today is definitely and I don't care day.
NToYs are looped into your TLN? Is that the same as Teacherpreneurs work?
Hangs with This girl is awesome
See this is for the girls labeled trouble for being themselves
Nice catching up with you this morning Gerry. Good to see you're doing well.
ill call AJ up... You can do it:)
I gotchu! Idk if imma cry but shit is going to be sad.
ur so lucky justibieber is following u
The roaches are back. I didn't miss them.
Pythagorus~ As soon as laws are necessary for men they are no longer fit for freedom.
When I get home I may try to twerk my cramps away. Good idea?
. Could be a cottage industry: YouTube videos of signing things.
need to talk you about ajay :( tell me when your on please i been crying historically i need you :(
is about to get the unfollow if he dont follow me back!
your personal friend Big Baby, looking LIKE A MAN!
What a RUN! Go Hawks!
True that.
Launch party at with and food. Show this tweet and come join.
So people who vote for the MVP votes like numbers eh? Well 3 is a number & that represents the number of rings Tony Parker has to LBJ with 0
Even the stars look brighter tonight nothing's impossible <3 Depeche Mode day.
#Thatamazingfeelingwhen you hear the ice cream truck and you know spring time is here!
Just had a great lunch with Mark Metcalf
Just getting 2 work.Hanging out with Herro brings back old times..
do you have Linkedin?
NOT good enough!!! I want crabs, lol
they look me up n down like im somebodys juicy smoked sausage burger.
Braves won! Awesome!
the questions on this syndicated version of who wants to be a millionaire are really easy. i need to get on that.
Chocolate contact flavonoids, which act as antioxidants. Antioxidants protect the body from aging caused by free radicals. Enjoy!
Looking forward to receiving our new delivery from ...office looking small and tired
Thank you do much!
You guys are so flacking awesome XD #FOLLOWERS :)
you are very pretty! are you a model?
while your having that coffee let me sing to u message me your email and Ill send u some of my songs in mp3 form J
Seeing Cherry Orchard tonight, reminded how much AC's plays feel ADD, one very short scene overlapping over another and another.
Hooray for you! MT Thanks to all who came to Literature Party! $ raised for Young Chicago Authors and many dance moves made.
Ppl who only twitter complaints & negativity use to annoy me. Now they inspire my positive outlook. My life is great. Thank you pessimist.
Getting Started With Google Shopping Feeds
I'm calling an end to Facebook/Instagram jokes as of right... now.
R.I.P. Whitney Houston :,(
I dislike people who force the situation
Thanks. I cleared my cache, came back in a we're good.
Comment - Wine - Minimum Pricing: For Richer, For Poorer? The spectre of minimum pricing for alcohol took physical form in the UK last mo
Need to take newer headshots!
do u remember highschool drama? Yeah this is 100 times worse.
Tomorrow or Thursday after work?
Going around following Pretty Boys . ^_<3 They Unf~
Can't do it
I helped another actor book a commercial on Friday! Feels good to help others and particularly actors. Probably have helped 1000's book.
I get an e-mail from Mom sayin "Teach me how to Dougge" later she asks "wat's Dougge? Is it sexual?" I ws laughin so had! she crazy lol
Was told last night that if I'm always happy, then I can never actually be happy. Not true. Sometimes I'm ecstatic.
To World Flattening and Higher Ed Disrupting!
You, too! RT : Thanks for following, fellow #sagaftramerger supporters:
Just upgraded to WPMu 2.8.6. If you encounter any problems, @ us!
Moral of the Sarah Phillips story: don't take people at their word, especially over Twitter. Do you homework
that's so cute that your jealous
Omfg -_- this is a tease
Great@@ Now I have more problem with iphone after the iso update
I did not lie. I was on here around 5pm
I'm all paranoid right now bcus there is a spider hiding in a crack in the corner of the ceiling. But I just found out that the spider is
Body is hurtin
#atxcouncil consent agenda passes, CM Riley votes against Taxi items.
Congratulations! (And condolences?)
See I'ma tell you, like you told me, cash rules everything around me
What do you think about Klout's new brand squads? Not really sure it will affect this
Follow the yellow brick road down to my page then click follow to follow me!
u going off? Ok, I'll tweet him and dm him when he get online. Bye!tc. :)
Happy I got my new phone
If you're in the Austin area tonight I know what you should do...come to Threadgill's (South Store) for some good food & live music! 8-10pm
I fell asleep early last night so I didn't get your text till just now, and I didn't wanna reply in case you were asleep.
Switching lanes during a turn <<<
in LA!
I don't mind flying if they have cocktails and wifi.
I still have my psych papers :o I feel bad throwing them away
Out of the $550 NLH. Got Aces cracked. Then lost a flip w AQ vs 10s.
I don't care who's your first, I only want to be your last.
I hear you like the bad boys honey, is that true?
Left one light on in car while working out. Now eaiting for roadside assistance for a jump. Oh well. Could be worse.
from the 67 team has more followers than
omg omg haven't used twitter in forever. (1 or two years) :D
Ha, no, not at all. I should probably be less sweeping in my passive-aggression.
RT I would like to go where time sta.d still and all that doesn't matter fade away
#pudding? I thought you were referring to the other "P" word...
: it looks like your account has been hacked.
“: OKC will sweep the lakers....” no doubt
lol ryan got a mini heart attack:)
#GameofThrones tonight - I almost forgot!
I speak two languages: Body and English. -- Mae West
Why Is everything always so funny when your not supposed to laugh?
These speeches are real snooooozers lol
um im not? what are you talkin about .
I just need some motivation ...
Merry Christmas to me! Dinner last night at Love love love that place!!
": Spending some time tonight watching a DVD... #GetBetter #FollowBack" Thanks Joe! Hope you can make the events!
Thank you! :)
thank you!
#RubenSalazar became Mexico City bureau chief, becoming the first Mex-American to hold such a position at a major newspaper.
I've been out of school for over a year! I've got the shakes! Don't judge me!
NFL pre-season this weekend! Twenty-one days until regular season begins!! Who is your team?
Loving all the #Actorfest tips from and others.
No Voter ID in TX Action today at Sheraton Houston Brookhollow, 3000 North Loop West, 4pm
Doing Work
I know! Watching FNL just makes me feel so good!!
Saturday night comedy *EXPLICIT LANGUAGE* www.freekshowradio.com
Thanks for teaching me so much about social media features! I am so glad to meet u!! This is the greatest weekend ever!!
Fact: is pretty.
hellloo! have been on but are newly embracing twitter. thanks for the follow xo
That story was seriously messed up! Did you see the ages of the kids? 4, 5, 6 & 7! Idiots!
Enjoying dinner and beers with & - Love #outoftownguests ^aef
RT : Maybe he's reading Twilight, The Story of the Female Vampire Invasion of the NBA.
:3 you too!
Awake, ready for this day.
RT : UFWH is a proud sponsor of 's 8th Annual Film Festival, happening next week!
I think he was just diving
Isn't weird when people are at your house and you have no idea when they are leaving?
Vegas mayor Carolyn Goodman #TribeFest service project - for Jews, education is most important thing about who we are. Pass it on today.
White denim rockin it yum
u rock my world! my fall is filled up with wonderful events thanks to you!
#nw little man. Woman is driving and changed her babys diaper while driving. Hilarious scene.
Give Mac a smooch! He is an alum!
Freddie Mac names former E*Trade chief as new CEO
So elusive!
looking forward to not acting our age :-)
So what was that about Lebron in the 4th quarter?
Sucks having a midlife crisis at 27, but I get a penis car out of it.
Thank you so much!!!! Matthew
That was awesome. New Fumes. The video projection was perfectly in sync w the music. Everything from elephant sex to creepy clips of owls.
Just saw #PiersMorgan on the #WHCD red carpet. I thought this event was for journalists.
RT : Hey boo! They are going to blow your phone up come July! WATCH! And Mr. Tone will answer. knows!
I am just bad.
A day without music, is a day wasted.
Oh yeah, that. How about Robin Yount then?
RT : We are in Greenwood TONIGHT. Ashley Furniture Parking lot. Come get a hot slice for dinner!
when are we getting the band back together ladies?!
Replacement is nothing new to me..
I sent the tweet as a test while training her.
I can't believe that and I are finally starting our lifelong forever best friendship for life today. I'm so excited. cc
Oh my gosh. This week is my last full week of school. Let me go cry </3
I can't remember where she said that or the context... help!
damn cant get enough
and actually rhetoric is part of distinctly oral argumentation tradition, which is why do teach public speaking...
Funny. "This song is about how contrived and saturated the metal scene has gotten." Windigo has some fire for sure.
I wonder if you're able to text 911 if you're in an emergency.
My freaking wrist has a huge knot on it and my whole legs bruised,and my foot hurts.. i think im falling apart! Ahaha :/
#NP Control System by , been on dudes music ever since he FIRST started, these niggas kno nun bout this. dont let the gov get u
You know how it is in the kid's book world; it's just bunny eat bunny. - Anonymous
Jealousy, turning saints into the sea. OPEN UP YOUR EAGER EYES IM FUCKKNG UP ALL THE WORDSAAAA
Facebook bought Raising Hope too? Congrats!
Eating junk food!!!
What artist do you want to come back as a hologram??
Awww, thanks so much, ! You're an inspiration.
anything special we need to do to get an invite?
Ha, didn't catch the this a.m., what went down?!
I seriously wish was performing tonight...
Ion never mind workin. U dont work, u dont eat. Point blank, period. U know da rules.
YES RT ": June 22nd. Lets go have a party at the mall."
its probably the highlight of my day:)
My innocent search to start a video blog turned into an hr reading on you. Looking forward to get started & maybe hear back? :DThx!
If you've got a Rock Band request for Paradizzle, send a DM and we'll try to make your dreams come true.
Sophie the Giraffe arrived to the shop today in #Brookhaven! Every celebrity has it, & for only $22 this teether is uhh maze ing !
thank you for the info on - on haitus at the moment but hope to check out their work soon!
Lots of #occupypgh action happening today!
The Generation M Manifesto: You wanted to biggie-size life with McMansions and Hummers. We want to humanize life.
good morning!!!! :) up early
#comeatmebro FOR SURE!
Great first day of UCSB Early Modern Social Networks Conference. Ann Blair makes me rethink authorship and network theory.
Forgot I had to read 100 pages for homework.
get my DM? I see the sleep machine tweet. Worth looking into. :)
There is nothing in this world like being the Daddy of a baby girl.
Time to make the dollars....
just noticed your profile changes without even seeing the contest!!!! FYI - gained 12 followers too since Jan 31 @ 8:30 2/2
75 year old guy next to me at brkfst "A woman can make or break you."
just think back
Boom, Bobby Jenks with a DUI, hit-and-run, and property damage?, his lawyer better be ready to
I don't respect niggas who cock block in the club .... If she drunk and going you go share no matter what bird ass niggas ...
one year and one day ago, however the outcome was far better that time :(
Ben & Jerry's now sells Red Velvet Cake ice cream. Found it at Byerlys in MN but its everywhere. SO GOOD.
I hate the Yankees. But I've always respected Rivera, hate seeing him go down like this, hope to see him go out on his own
RIP Pete Fornatale.
I got u now.
Cookies'N'Cream does not but we have 4 others that do!
Hope everyone is having a great Christmas!
#lame? more like
Working with our friends this morning!
can u follow back sexy
When the hell are you coming to Vegas? I need some comedy ASAP.
Wait, Whitney Houston died?!!! Where was the coverage???!!'
Gonna get one of those new Rhode Videomic Pros. Is it worth the extra money to get the stereo version?
miami heat over dallas in game 3 is my prediction. 102-96
Some studies have shown that broccoli<U+FFFD>s vitamin B6 & folate may offer some protection against heart disease & stroke.
Dear Franklin park, Feels like it's been ages, let's catch up over some primavera tacos for the first day of spring. Regards, Chupacabra.
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "SUNSET" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
Yeah, I guess so.
the boys won. Mitchell with a stellar double on 9 to shoot 37. They only played 9 holes today
#equallyvalid RT : "Meowing for pats" autocorrects to "meeting for data."
You smell like a monkey.
I hate HATE hearing people chew food...creeps me out! Close your damn mouth...ugh animals
may peace be upon yall fam...maintain a positive out look on today and make the best of wat u workin wit ~
Tigers haven't sold out for tonight or tomorrow night... Come on D... That's pathetic
Berlin seems like a mash up city too - east and west B are stitched together by mass transit, diffs still visible.
Everything I've said pertains to the Democratic primary. I didn't research republicans, and our ward has 1 dude on the green ballot.
Look who is up at the ZOU
Ah, didn't realize Gabe was at a Friends' school. Yes, most are very good!
Sadness! The big gray dumb one I've got falls off of things all the time. He's lucky he hasn't done that.
C'mon Orloff, get on base here to give Springer another shot!!!
Some bro at the laundromat answered his phone by shouting "whazaaaaaaaaa?!" I quickly became inundated with nostalgia.
Kiss you on the neck & I'll steak ya heart:)
Boo. Paradise Lost 3 should have won. WM3
Pfizer Nears Deals for Nutrition, Animal Health Units: Report
Saw Dylan Peevy at Thunder Alley!
hahaha....isn't that the truth!
Good night world be safe<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
nope.... he sincerely wants to make love to u sarah!! dont fight it
Good Morning, LB!
The most controversial thing we ever said was that "Ernest Scared Stupid" is the greatest Halloween movie ever
yung circular breathing
This Kings game, tho
My ex-girlfriend liked my comment on a mutual friend's status. Way to make it so obvious that she still wants me.
Isn't that awful? Going home and finding your drapes missing is definitely a bad feeling. Hoping it ends soon for you!
Changed our profile pic! Paint the town Purple: Go Ravens!
i feel like ingonres me D:
----never would have thought that. have you heard him?
Happy Friday! !!!!! Xoxoxo
don't really like the look of windows 8, you?/:
Well, generally, yes -- but all of my instances with similar hardware specs are doing *other* dataloads!
Lol. Heidi Smith. Point at foot, pull trigger. She did an excellent job during her term.
Sweet Sweet Dessert Dreams Everyone!
Traffic Traffic Traffic
aka it's a song. But yes.
I agree----I believe in Foundation. Their mission is to provide school supplies to kids who need them, nationwide.
"NO ONE WILL OUT WORK ME" J SUAVE
Restarting the whole song, because you missed your favorite line (x
you know i'm down for whatever
please support and follow
No matter how early I go to bed, I will always wake up for school exhausted.
Just chillin with my chocolate chip Teddy Grahams
I CAN NOW OFFICIALLY SAY THAT I AM GOING TO ONE DIRECTION'S CONCERT KDJKASLJFLS LIKE WHAATTT IT'S SO WEIRD TO THINK ABT IT HAHA
My uncle died from stress..he worked himself up so much that he popped a vein in his head..Im not gonna die that way...-.-
I'm headed to Jockamo for the first time. Which pie should I try?
Just finished season 3. better put the rest on instant stream PRONTO!
Who's ready for this weeks freebie? Did you miss last weeks? Find them on our blog www.wearelux.com
Tory Burch answered my Q on authenticity: "It's great to be inspired by others. But you need to create own look and not be too referential."
Hey we got some new photos on our myspace and our facebook check em out!
why yes I am fine and dandy. BTW, note this is my "prof" acct here, so quoting Coach Calhoon, "let's keep it clean folks" :-)
I'm interested in disturbing the linearity of my day with a little reflection on my mindset a year ago with
I think you should call in the ObamaCare vote favor. Make him put you on the ticket as VP.
THE BABY IS LIKE HARRY'S BFF, AND SHES SO CUTE. whatevs. judge me. i love her. hahahahaha
Love in the form of rain boots! reached her rain boot goal in just 2 weeks! Join in - more $ more boots:...
13 Glorious Windless bicycle miles=1 hour. Done!
Great, I get to recap Grimm for for another full season (but seriously, I know a few local crew members, so congrats on the renewal).
........but right now at this very moment sex would be good
show. Girls keep flashin their boobs at him. Everybody loves him!
I bust thru my city, wit nuttin but my two fists... Put em up sticc em up.. Homie, Lets do dis!!!
People going to the whitesox/cubs crosstown game tomorrow cant bring drinks or food only buy it inside. Also theyll be a ton of security
There isn't much of any quality now here in the states.
yes we should. have a think. i can also just call u (very old school i know). ive travelled for a living for 25 yrs - writer/film
did you decide to go take a shower?
Shake Shack on the Post Road instead?
sometimes there's no right answer, only the best answer. sometimes there's no best answer, just the only answer. sometimes there's no answer
watching melancholia finally and eating grilled cheeze with the SCHWAP SCHWAP!
Thankful for Phoenix '78 "Prove It" and the whole 'Promise' box. And haven't even watched Houston '78 house cut yet.
Yesterday was my birthday and it wasnt very good but ur music made it a bit better thanks :)
Remember love and remember me
I see you feeling freaky, we on another level
“: #poundthealarm” love this song!
lol told you! Best phrase ever
Have to figure out a new way to accept credit cards. My guy isn't doing it anymore. Boo.
English coffee. 'Nuff said.
Just had some delish Easter pho at ! I'm going back this week for a beer tower.
you just made me do the same...that stuff is contagious...lol
please follow me! or promo me! make my day!!! thanks bud <3 XD
And we will fade into darkness
today starts extended hours, open til 5pm. Thank you!!
“: #youngrevivalist too many people want to be a voice to a generation and not enough want to be God's voice to a generation.”
THanks for
The Gulf Coast is warm and sunny today. Makes me feel almost guilty to see the snow and ice north of me. I do remember the cold. Brrrrrrrr.
would you like to come with us next time?
u welcome :D
Two tags just for good measure. Ha!
RT : How can someone crave in n out after working out for a hr!? So grosse! *in n out is quite phenomenal tho lol*
Ron Artest-MWP supporter since Indiana days...Easily one of the best defenders in the league, and the only one who can guard every position.
sure but I have an exam this week and next week so if I x reply that means I'm busy.
uhm, who let it get to half way through May already?!
It will be a blast! Oh yeah, and a really good show too :)
PTI SHOW | ESPN
Mr. Jobs was a part of my life since I was 5 years old. He will be forever a hero and inspiration to me. One Infinite Loop.
Emma Stone is adorable and all, but I'm so sad that her dress is trying to strangle her.
saw the phrase "unicorn abortions" somewhere and now can't remember where
Thanks for the Emma Forrest recommend on your blog...looking forward to the read! :)
I'm reading your tweets and they're pretty hilarious... Hilarious in a you're a special child kind of way.
There are some really cool new arrivals, I wish I was listing new items right now...just a little longer opening soon #Chicago!
Whatever stops the tears at night.
Public restroom + warm toilet seat = The Worst.
hows the wonderful Canada doing?? ;)
RT : Just realized we weren't connected here! Followed and listed you - and thanks again for having me speak...
Cockney accents just scream class.
I miss The Face magazine.
Failed attempts at sleep today...............Those beach pics have just melted my mind. Guess I'll get started on the turtle tank.
Make the bet Mr. Beaver.
Collectivey coalescing towards a unifying thought, bu won't change much without campaign reforms & term limits.
What teacher does that?JW
Jamming to Angels and Gentlemen on the way to mall. This will be a great car ride.
Agreed. Fix it or nix it.
Black ops time! :D
The Museum Wll Be Open Free Of Charge on Sat. 9/10 & Sun. 9/11 to Commemorate The Bravery Of Our Fallen Heroes!
#ExpertVisibilityTip: If u want a stronger relationship w/a media outlet, learn all about them, their depts, who does what, how u can help.
The notebook
Shocking. #not RT A body has been found in the North Bend bunker. It is believed to be Peter Keller.
At the #GetMotivated seminar. Gen C. Powell is on stage
very true. I haven't met any RP supporters that plan on voting for Romney.
All work and no play makes Jack a dullboy.
Hah! How our lexicon has evolved > RT : Tried to bump at #altimetertweetup to no avail #bump fail
playing on xbox? i'm a big pats fan living in boston and certified fifa boss, let's play sometime.
I predict extra innings
"If I die young "
So what time is the boyfriend video coming out 2morrow or isnt gonna air on midnight??
Do we see eye too eye ???
Back to tweeting. Enjoying the day with my fam and son.
"what a sad day...again. Why? Don't ask. Putting away the Dean Martin cd and going for a run." Aug 6 '09. Ew.
ok sounds good
The hero of Elton John's song "Levon" (co-written with Bernie Taupin) was named after #Levon Helm.
just click my follow button:D
Paula Abdul is stuck in my head and there's only one way to deal with it ...
ThoughtsWhileRunning I need to quit smoking.
idk man. It's a stretch. U can beat them if Pau and Bynum are able to take their Maxi Pads out tho
Ill check that out. Ill see if I can find a pdf of it...Egypt is in such a "wtf?" state right now
good work... great topic!
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 9
Despite drumbeat there is no #cyberwar and may never be but #cybercrime is big problem says
Only two days left to vote on your favorite Long Sleeve Tee and enter to win FREE GEAR www.facebook.com/UmeusClothFamily
If there were a '30 between 35 and 37' list, I'd totally be on it.
congrats on all your happenings!! Office looks FAB!!
I'm supper excited to be with my baby at the Britney Spears FemmeFataleTour on Friday in Miami at the A Arena!! And to see Nicki Minaj!
": Just came from this audition to possibly be in a Sprite commercial <<< I claimed it for you...it's already yours!!!
That should be addressed to and not Just saying.
No school today in Paulding County! What a great excuse to stop in for a great lunch.
Today was the longest day ever finally home spent most of the day with my FAM
That was a bad call Ref!!!!!
See you later for your panel at #AHAA2012 ~ Will be amazing!
Waiting for Tom Jones, "Documentation, The What, Why, and Where" ...room's filling fast!
#FF Most importantly,
old love songs >>> new love songs
you're making me jealous with all of those schmexy cars.
Loving the new HTML5-powered Pandora site! ESPECIALLY love that if you refresh the page, it picks the track up where you left off.
We're super excited! Can't wait to see what shirts you have!
DNG or TIFF/EP? What's the deal, ya'll?
Does a GQ cover come with the salad?
I'm so jealous. Mail me some.
has silly bitch been over to Cher island lately?
Now I'm glad I've never been on a Segway...but easy to be smug, Mr. Bicycle Pants. :P
needs to come to #FetishHouston for me tonight !!!!!!!
Do you do gift cards?
I'm gonna miss you too
#teamhappyandforeveralone ALL DAY ERR' DAY!
What's up with all this breaking news today? Occupy protest all over US, death of Civil Rights Rev. Shuttlesworth & Apple's Steve Jobs dead.
we aren't going to the river. :(
Naah your breaath, that shit craaa! Don't you have a bedtime young bull?
If you had the ability to pull any data about your patrons, what would you want to know about them?
Got the ipod on shuffle
wow, hey its claire.. i forgot the password for this twitter :Lbut im back :D ps sam.. thanks for giving me the passwrd again :L x
Are you open to selling your handle?
New Day! New Trouble! I can go from adorable to trouble in zero to 60! Stay tuned!
The Ides of March leads to the Banisher of snakes. Shakespearean I'd say.
The sky is so clear and full of stars...
Lucky! Also, looking forward to seeing you speak at #BEA. Pinterest is a nut I've yet to crack.
This new coffee maker might be the best thing that's happened to the library in the five years I've worked here.
Adorable! And Clifford! Brings back the good ol' days for me.
Momma rootin' for me lately know I'm runnin' to the money ..
Ur life is boring thats y ur always on my page..
My dad just called me a badass because I told him that I have good grades. Then I told him that I partied and we smoked cigars at sunrise.
See on youtube!
Don't Ask Me Nothing If You Not Ready To Hear A True Answer...
Hey Unlike you, Zweifel received a tryout. It was in all the papers.
yep they wud of let u lol
Looking for suggestions for a high quality, mindless book to kill time on a 17 hour
I couldn't be more proud of my favorite morning show talking about gay marriage and the need to stop judging people for it!
daniel i missed u , do iu wanna b my boyfren?
devastating & great feed : #Carpathia We have reached Titanic's location but the ship is gone. How could this have happened?
Is there a difference between a "measurable" goal and one that is "evidence-based"?
I agree as well. Y hasn't lavy's decisions been question? I.e. Playing wellwood 6 mins in game 4?
congrats #Houston Young Lawyers for state recognition of the great "speed mentoring" events at local law schools!
Thank for YOUR great work Emily! I appreciate your kindness!
hahaaa! From afar!
In French .. Worst class of the day .
We are live with an update on her condition at 6:17
Still sleepy!!!! Lol
make sure to catch at club nokia feburary 2, and follow them on twitter!
Me too! That and Big Audio Dynamite's "Rush".
- I went to El Dorado last weekend & all I could think was HOW MUCH I MISS YOU TWO!
I hate the new updated app for twitter -.-
It'll all be alright. I'm confident in the future.
#libraryschooltip - Don't look at your grades for another class right before the midterm in a different class.
except w/ me because we're getting civil unioned
Love there's so many things I've got to tell you. But I'm afraid I don't know how because there's a possibility that you'll look at me dif.
With potential to add a 5th with a Purdue win!
Tweeds on sale, buy one get one free!
Really looking forward to #summer! Waka Waka by came on my #Pandora and it reminds me of being at the #lake!
same here. way up in the air. where is a nap when we need one!? lol
Things I have learned from #ows - Apparently freedom looks a lot like a Phish tailgate party.
Thanks for coming out to kickball night at Busby's! Hope everyone enjoyed their $1 drinks!
im going to sleep bye.
Because of the vacuum
Why haven't we hooked up yet? Your famous, I'm famous, it seems like a win win. Have your person call my entourage.
Y is it so hard for ppl to be honest?
Markland Hanley obtained summary judgment for its clients in multi-million dollar products liability case
Twitcam De No One Text Me I'm Watching Regulo :D
Got my radio voice on and ready to record a couple of shows!
Bout to go to my game
Back to Cassville!
I'm going to bring back corduroy pants
Guys, follow this awesome account ----> !! She need 12 followers to 4,5 :)
So few come and don't go. Will you or won't you be the one I'll always know?
Sean Hannity is becoming an embarassment to conservatives!
you would have a lot of problems that's for sure.
Ops - big right-wing tantrum on the way RT President Obama Compares Republicans To Flat Earth Society Founding Members
we need to figure out this new years ish
In The Future people in America will be able to live their lives the same as we do everyday.
Observations on #ows in #usq 1. There is no danger of this rally not being documented. Cameras abound. The 99% prefer Nokia.
That wasn't me :p
There are only 4 out of 435 congressmen who opposed the bill that makes free speech a felon. 3 republicans and 1 democrat.
We are in hot-off-the-presses nonfiction book American Wasteland by Jonathan Bloom, a comprehensive study of US food waste {p. 56-7}!!!
does your info work again tonight online to watch the game
LONDON STUFF IS AWESOME BY JELLO
Save yourself some scratch and plan to lend a hand on your remodel
lmao I know.
Got sunburned just on one spot on my leg... Hm
Journey to careers is the most pointless class ever. We do nothing.
#RT go follow
Glad to read it was a train that caused your non-yoga night. Was worried about you. :)
Single plastic rose wit da lite n it, flip flops wit the flowers on em, a rusty hooptie wit rims, an outfit from 7days
That's just how I live my life
lol yes ATL in August = living in a used gym sock, but it is better than shoveling snow!
bombs, I yell ya. Dropped B-O-M-B-S.
Show on wednesday. Nervous much?
gosh I love you
If you don't have access and would like to read, DM me.
Q1 Because its so easy and cheap to self-publish, are local history rooms getting more donations of family history books?
Just tried to pay at Jimmy Johns with my library card. Whoops.
hahaha RT “: Patient: The problem is that obesity runs in our family. Doctor: No, the problem is no one runs in your family.”
Less than 7 hours and I'll be walking the stage again
Hi Robert! Our redesign will be complete this June! Hope you will come see the new Roger :)
Watching WWE friday night smackdown! Thats how board i am right now... ;-p
Kmamusic.com. The hottest studio in NYC
": back in Vancouver I was there for one night :(" not cool did u have fun keep in touch or add me on facebook
that's actually a huge bad beat for you
Love it when I get to not only design but CREATE for clients and feel I'm helping a great cause
ok..... Based on your Foxy reference... I must introduce you to you new best friend! You two will live each other
lolzzzz I feel u..u preaching to the choir lmao
Stamped Concrete Patios Rome Ga Canton Ga Cumming Ga Many Patterns Best Patios www.ConcreteGeorgia.com
Of course, now that I say that it's working fine.
Talk is cheap and faith without works is DEAD. So put your mouth on mute and go get it.
Avodado and spinach are favorites. Thanks for saving me from Brussels!
hows everyone and College life lol
you're just partial :) miss u back!
Going to League for Innovations on Mon? president is sharing data on open textbooks and comm colleges.
Obama's the won we've been weighting four
This drivers ed summer program has really messed up my work & acting camp schedule >:\
We love music!
almost time to head to school. i'm looking forward to a nap after school :)
The truth is often both funny and sad. Horribly, horribly sad.
just realized that im a horrible texter. I kno sum of my followers b lookin like wtf when they c me tweetin but i aint respond to their text
And you KNOW I scanned those pages as a safeguard in case the proverbial dog eats them or some other disaster befalls.
Need DJ Emails, New Single!
The children we work with everyday that come from unbelievable stories and backgrounds...you inspire us.
I seriously keep pounding on the ceiling they won't shut up lol
You should be thankful you didn't stick to the $10 bet you originally had, lol.
- Beacause, Im Not The Kind Of Girl, Boys Fall In Love With..
Maybe bacteria are really sexy creatures but we just don't have the technology to see that yet. /via
well thin im older then her by 4 months alright thanks(:
Wow, what a finish this has turned out to be.
Personal examples?
If sleep is so important...why the hell we wake up so early just to go to school. -.-
Another Ch. 13 Question - Jails are usually intended to hold adults, but sometimes juveniles, sentenced for how long?
Really gearing up to hopefully hit 400 followers real soon...well...actually 100 followers and 300 porn-bots.
In the final stages of beta testing our new website. Major thanks to the awesome ladies at for making us look cool!
It's a long race.
Good luck on your finals today!
what act did you see and what happened? we do not like to hear that our customers are unhappy!!
Headed to Oklahoma to the outdoor show
On the air. Feeling cranky! Like crank it up!!!
Always laugh, its cheaper than medicine(:
If Don had stayed w/ Dr. Faye Miller, Cara Buono would have a very different career right now.
Existentialism: It's what I think about whenever I have major assignments due within two days...
hey ;p
Just did an all nighter!! Stayed up talking to so tired but to late to go to bed!
I'll be in Bulgaria in 10 days...
off to vegas soon.. whoot whoot.
thy jut made my day.
I got it with Cranberry now at this Blasfome event
Full circle.
would yall like to see ja rule to bad boy with diddy?
mind=blown.
"Behavior is the mirror in which everyone shows their image."
Not that im even racist or anything but how are you not gonna like your own race?
Ok, now we can all tweet and retweet that Steve Jobs has resigned for the next week.
Just had an amazing post-class discussion with several students who cared more about exploring ideas than beginning the weekend.
I'm following the next 10 who follows !!
I didn't know that u had a show account until now! I followed it! :^)
Harris I think the media including Fox has done everything possible to frame the choice for president with the coverage.
“: The #Aries penis is a battering ram that breaks down the willpower of any women.”
I wish I could skip all this highschool bullshit & get the hell out of here. Just go on roadtrips & go to concerts for the rest of my life.
you're freaking cute. You should follow me back! Please? Come on you can resist!! I said please lol.(;
Singing "I got I got I got I got your back..." AD Lol
Damn. Artest just breathes on the ball and they boo.
thanks for the follow Your Neighborhood Plumber for NYC, We never extra for nights, weekends, holidays or emergencies...24/7
I need some non-angst fan fic recommendations to get me through the next few days.
aww you look so pretty!
do I get to see you at #DMB ?!?!? Oh and I guess it woul be nice to see too!
Jae...thanks for joining us!
Lunch with my rents. Not akward at all.
Someone is running late so we can't hand out media passes. No names.
Happy Friday Everyone! Remember, tomorrow at 8:00 we start at the
Enjoying the company bowling outing!
Really people? How hard is it to follow directions?
Who needs a layout? hit us up for a fresh new layout for real cheap. Check out our page for a sample.
About to watch a run of #LetX. The totally sweet part? Every director from this season is in the room. What a kick ass group.
#InTime Premiere! Please RT! check this out i am bored of this
how was it? Better than Jonah Hex?
Gotta to project for school pretty easy
RT : Our new weekly series, “Toward a Cancer-Free World,” starts today on news! Look for segments at noon, 5, and 6.
“: shoutout to the guy who broke adeles heart....GENIUS !!!!”
Haven't watched. Saw Avengers again
Neon tonight?
"You never call me when you're sobeeeeerrrr! You only want it 'cause it's oveeeerrr!"
92% who publish content acquire customers from blog
hey wuz up?
Dinner on stage tomorrow night surrounded by the set of Barber of Seville while serenaded by an opera singer.
I'm watching some youtube videos of the bowling coach I had as a youth , PBA Legend Don Johnson.
Post a pic for us. RT : sounds good to me!
First stop Dr appt....
Brainstormed innovative technology with at #NUideation, now for the patents... Thanks for coming!
thanks to My Fair Lady... Haha
Great job Mavericks
wanting to watch austin's early friday ustream but you can't cause you're still in school when he goes on.
LOVING this! Right ? "Happiness is a direction, not a destination." - Unknown
today is my Lazy Day .
Alrighty, before you unfollow me, message me so I'm not following your ass either.
good luck girl!!
The Mega Powers and Macho Man will always be here in spirit! RIP Big Guy! Oh yeeeeeeaaaaahhhh!
R.I.P Mbone
been blessed!
need to get to 300 followers help me please
Came Wake signed an extension, Dolphins through 2016. Hell yeah
Folks just want to live...
Going away for a few!!!!
Chernobyl diaries looks so sick. Can't wait to go see that
NBP, Ria Financial services enter into agreement - Business Recorder (blog)
chew me up!
At Kajaaa House!!!
EXACTLY. rays of hope
Should i change my bio? i feel like i'm showing off :$
I need to make money fast.
Listen To My Hott <U+E11D> New Record "One Wish" @ www.Troublesumworld.com <U+E00E> (via )
you looking to get hitched pumpkin?
Yes, it looks blank to me except for your name & blank frame -- > : Are you both fighting it still?
Status Update: Irish Pub softball got butt-kicked tonight ouch!!! Oh well, Specials till close $1 PBR, $5 TALL Captain & $2 Miller bottles
Niggas so sensitive on twitter put the panties away .
"If you always do what you always did, you'll always get what you always got."
Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer. - Romans 12:12...Patience without faith is wishful thinking...
Pads always add emotion to a track.
buffalo wings
#primaryschoolconfessions I swear we played dinosaurs on the playground nearly every day.. Thats sad.. Lol
Check back here in ten minutes!! :D
#wow RT : Might as well these other niggas ain't on shit
Watching Nas behind the music
Thanks for RT, Bill. :)
this time I'm Delta, they've never let me down before. LOVE Virgin Atlantic too.
With watching in Stealing the Show!
It's liquid people!
I look forward to the day I can put my snow pants away for the season. Today will not be it.
right on bruh check ya mail in 5
That earthquake felt strong! 3.9 near Berkeley.
wonders if approval for methyl iodide is being rushed so full-scale commercial use can be achieved while Arysta LifeScience holds the patent
Feels good outside today!!!
cool! I'll send an email mañana w/ the RSVP link.
They say music can alter moods and talk to you...
Our Thursday SPECIAL at Acme! Buy 1 Sausage, get the 2nd 1/2 off! We will fill you up! Cleveland Ave., north of Morse
I want them both! :D
B sure to like Jake Dillon Fan Page on FB or sign up for mailing list at www.jakedillon .com to stay up to date on al upcoming events
That awkward moment when you find out eric can actually sing...
Read your blog re: Zooniverse. Have you done any programs in your library related to it or other citizen science?
dude. cult logic of born of roo. Xmas, bday, new year, best concert and favorite hangout all wrapped in one. Keeps us alive
I'm so tired!
#YouGettinPunchedIf or hell, you gone die if i catch u stealing out my house bitch! lmao haha
t's time to let you go, It's time to say goodbye Boy, you need to know, I'm done with you messing with my mind - Didn't Meant It
Follow back ??
#smx The critical marketing indeed heretofore 10.9 effective rocket science facebook yea. This girl should work for NASA!
RT : Why are people cheering and booing during the National Anthem? #NFCChampionship [your mother agrees, Mr. B]
Too funny, I just saw this and didn't know if you saw it so I just mentioned you , no prob! Thx for your contribution!
Thanks for the retweet!
The Bible mentions "joy" 218 times. Psalm 19:8 "The precepts of the Lord are right, giving joy to the heart." Know God...to know joy!
I agree completely! Let me know :-)
": I Hate Ugly Bitches"
You're the one who got me started on these yummy things! RT : Spinach smoothie breakfast FTW!! Have a Great day!
“: NopeRT "Ever made love to the women of your dreams ?" you Wanna ?
Talent wins games but teamwork and intelligence wins championships ;))
those are gifts from heaven lol
Goodnight People......
thank you, love!
OMG to much candy feel sick ugggg :P
Think of this as the calm before the storm
Nope, you cant guess, when you find what I'm referring to you will get it. Good try though.
I'm gonna punch this little fat reff in the face one day.
actually 2 more(:
I'm proud of how productive I am being today!!
Starships, are meant to fly.
and the weirdest subway stop name in New York goes to...drum-roll......... "Hoyt Schermerhorn"
Last morning with the #winsmall #mini. Had a fun weekend driving all over #ROC, but today it goes back to
I wanna meet new peoplee
is up next! talking about personal branding.
way to spell crimson wrong
I'm so jealous!!! I'm our of town! Of course <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I really enjoy the Slaughterhouse Tour episodes
Milwaukee....here we come....
The sky is the limit
to file his papers to run as a candidate for mayor of San Francisco as a write-in , with 16 candidates on the ballet and 7 write-ins
i wish you'd come to boston and let me entertain you and take your mind off all the w-struggles!
At the Northgate mall waiting for The Avengers in IMAX 3D!
Are you serious?(:
Michael Jackson Is The King Of Pop! <3 HEAR IT, LEARN IT, LIVE IT.
A friend said. Beautiful people should never sit with their back to the door. Instead face front. Let the world see your best asset.
RT In rankings released so far, #UKbaseball stays No. 2 in and moves to No. 3 in the USA Today/ESPN Coaches' Poll.
I think this bitch really has a staring problem in here.
Thanks crawler for getting me out of bed at 6am on a Sunday.
Did you finally find someone to make that cake for you?
you need to find a date for #cbj games too!
I have to do a timeline project in the shape of a roller coaster. I wanna name it "The Roller Coaster of Life" should I do it?! Haha(:
I wonder if the clothes in China say, 'Made around the corner?
Have cut back on my gluten. I'm now down to glufive. Glugoal of gluthree.
Happy Birthday!
icant send messages to users who dont follow me..that should be saying something..lol
lols story of my life.
Doc is ridiculous, he has ear plugs on so he doesn't listen to us <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Congrats for booking a RomCom feature for Sony! Have fun shooting in Alabama!
my friend's aunt and uncle ARE yo la tengo. Fun fact haha
NO MORE tv commercial w/snivelling bitches PLEASE
like seriously i'm ready to go outside and throw my laptop at whoever it is
lol u say sweet cheeks too thought was just moi x
Keep on tweeting , your game is better the more you tweet
Let's get this shit done! Tighten that D
So good we're back tonight “: Good older crowd. “: it..Must be good. ”
m thankyou babe for the awesome mini pizzas on English muffins!!
I think that's just a joke about it being 2012? At least I hope so.
Glad to have an evening to sit around and veg!
Morning y'all!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
#online and
Finding out news you didnt expect and realizing it bothers you more then it should
Sue, what do you recommend I devour when I am stuck at your airport for 8 hours?
If I could change my name it would be to Larry Gary......
It's been a long sunday. But you certainly can't call it lazy.
Ally-Op
I am a presistant enterpreneur and have an amazing idea! How can I get it off the ground?I need a partner or a investor
I'm raring to go after a few days being down & out with a yucky cold. Time to burn off some energy at the gym. After work that is!
Lakers/Nuggets playoff may require me to break out the alcohol, lol, on a Sunday! Just kidding, well, maybe....
Just met triplets, that was fucking weird
(part 5) It is so hard for me to believe any of you are listening to me or are really my friends because I rarely feel worth of either.
look at the Meck precinct map comapred to the McCrory/Perdue map from 08. I'd say that breaks the D against/R for stereotype
Can't wait until WI's concealed carry law takes effect in Nov. Congrats to & legislature on signing of legislation yesterday!
it sucks here... dont do it. lol
3 sneezes in a row! Means someone is thinking of me :) I'm stuffy, drippy, and dry eyed.
It's Friday & it's Happy Hour! What other excuse do you need? Come to in for $2.75 Coronas & Corona Lts 3-6pm!
I hope I go to work tomorrow. I'm broke af.
lol where did you see then on helium?
Enjoyed "Lola (Live 1979)" by The Kinks on Pandora
nm only today was awkward in so many levels
LOL. So far, you're good. ;)
at w/ for Club Liquid ! FREE COVER ages 21+
I can do it. :p
how about Miami and you could open a store here!
I have not had two many issues, I use the BF Goodrich ATs and they seem to keep their shape pretty good.
thanks for the heads up. Trying to figure out why the site is down. :(
"It's a man's business to be what he is, and to be it in style." — Robert A. Heinlein
Be good or be good at it.
Hey Rex , thanks for following , needless to say sideways is on my short list of fav movies , I am a fan :)
I can agree with that. I have had a strong aversion to buzzwords of late. "big data," "data scientists," and "data journalists"
I had no idea you couldnt enter or exit a moving train! Wow!
Not digging the new US kits...
Long day. Two hour meeting tomorrow morning. Night Night
If you have someones trust don't lose it, if you have someones love don't abuse it.
Love you :) glad you're having a good time.
Finally gave in and bought 's Master Collection last week during their sale. Just received it and can't wait to dive in.
One mans trash is another mans furniture
one of my favorite singers! -Jared
"The greatest pleasure in life is doing what others say cannot be done." Randy Foutch
Eating 11 pounds of apples will make you gain only 1 pound of weight
Glad to hear that. Enjoy a few for me :-)
Follow back :)
Call Brown & Jones Court Reporting when you need certified realtime court reporters and certified in-house videographers.
"High octane my ass" hahahahaha
You know someone means a lot to you when their mood can easily affect yours.
Alex Tanney Turns Down The Pittsburgh Steelers For The Buffalo Bills - Buffalo Low Down
Thanks, but I plan on voting at
"And i'll go down as a casualty of love"
No. Boys want ponies. But I am sexist. So I would only give one to a girl. Y'all have enough built-in privilege.
you at her house?
Money's the leash drag a bitch by the dog collar !
Aw, cute! My girls are always pretending to be babies of various kinds, but so far not fool treasures.
hahah! the nun one was funny af!
One day I'll hit 21K, and not even notice. Watch. I talk a lot, anyway.
America leads and we need to lead on this; dependence on oil is costing lives
Capuano with a great performance tonight. 9K, 0 runs allowed. Lindblom from the bullpen now pitching for the
if u would travel 2 a country where would u travel?????
is awesome! Thanks for the follow.
We would love to have you at our Beer and Food event at Jack London Square on April 2nd
I have the house to myself tonight. No Roommate. I have no idea what to do with myself.
The one thing u should never tell ur parents is "i hate u" cuz u could lose them the next day without sayin' "i love u"
Im not even going go further lol
your crazy!!! What type of shoes are they?!
If only the Redskins could get the same hometown calls the Heat get they would be 8-0 at home. NBA refs are so corrupt.
Let's give him what he deserves and what Justin Birber does not deserve to have
Beer is living proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy. ~ Benjamin Franklin
Working at the hell hole lol
those two are definitely past their use or freeze by date.
The Central Mass Over-40 Baseball League is hosting their 6th annual Fall Classic regional tourney 9/23-25. Twelve teams so far...
yay! We can't wait...we were at the patio yesterday...it's amazing!!
Why Ain’t It Selling? A homeowner puts his home on the market. It sits there for months without moving. Then, he begins to question the w
Well, less about a speed race and more that one kid takes a stumble over a track joint and gets tossed off the train.
An enormous THANK YOU to and his staff for meeting with Program students yesterday!
Tuesday night is gay night
Just ordered poached eggs at IHOP only to get full on eggs benedict. Nice boys, but top chef they ain't.
Why hasn't Bart Houston signed yet?
is there a distinction between jaw and neck and if so, what qualities do they posses?
I seriously agree. What is going on. I dislike being surprised and confused every time I open Facebook
Though to 's credit, my request to unblock SMTP was handled surprisingly fast - so at the end of the day I'm a happy customer.
Awesome!! got a twitter. Big fan. I pre-apologize for whatever awkward tweets follow this one.
Another GREAT session doc. Let's wreck shop again tomorrow and build that catalog.
I'm already lost.
SWEET! when i get my phone back i'll call you!
Why am I awake so early? I didn't even sleep until like 4am last night! Today is gonna suck
yeah you never mentioned it and you never gave it to me so por eso tambien tenemos tanto tiempo sin hablar!
yeah everyone misses you
you didn't follow me..
Testing out friendstream.
Glad all is going well!!
At least someone else is excited...
follow us so we can D.M. you.
Can you make a Positive impact on someone today?
but aren't we best friends...?
What bridge, not an interstate I hope?
Congrats Jason Carey!
Thanks so much!
Congratulations to Megan Lyman: NEC Student Named Miss New Hampshire 2012 - NEC News &amp; Events
what a loser
My couch, a pickle, and Netflix!
Chris Bieber. I thought this was about chris brown and justin. but it's just some asshole who thinks he's justin's lookalike.
She gets love. Just not from me. :p
ask me tonight lol
Very productive meeting with FX make up artist in NYC today!
RT :“We’ve got to do a better job training people in the skills that more employers are looking for.” President Obama
Getting your tweets in "Connect" but not in the timeline...Having trouble sending this message...
Ice Cube's board room standoff against a bucket of Coors Light, decidedly NOT gangsta, street, or hood.
Taking the day off to enjoy my lovely wife and adorable little one.
I looked at this, but I'm not sure I understand what you need.
The sun is angry.
perception and value of maritime heritage... UNC coastal studies... Relationships unclear to community today. How do they value?
Haha that's awesome. I'm heading out for a practice session today and am gonna see if I can jump on a team for a local series
I really wish I enjoyed orange juice, I need the vitamin-C to help me feel better, but it does not taste good at all :(
Well, that seriously put me in a good mood right now :3
not that I really rank them, but Mike Adams may have become my favorite ex-Padre today. No scuffle needed.
WHY DOES EVERYONE THINK IM SMALL LMAO
How can a cartoon avi be so damn sexy lol
Just surpassed 50,000 hits on my blog, for what that's worth. It's not love or even chocolate, but it does feel good.
With listening to the #SOTU2012 about #edreform and #civilrights. The US #ed system needs a change. Our students deserve it!
Happy Easter! Because he lives I can face tomorrow!
After 7 years, 5 macs: 1st unrecoverable corrupt volume. Any bets whether reformat works? #mactragedy (last backup only 4d old! #phew)
Xen-Boards are down - just FYI.
Im about to go ham brahh.
V. Gray: other cities should envy us because we $1.1B in the bank. SO WHY ARE WE CUTTING SCHOOL FUNDING?!?!?
I Wanna Smash Some Candy Tho.
RT : Live for today and not tomorrow
No more migraines! Are you stressed?
Finally watching The Avengers with !
•-•<U+25BA>R E T W E E T IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS!! #TeamFollowBack | #TFB | #500aday | #100aday | #iFollowBack | #MarchWish |
what's up my man. At Queens Cafe in Adams Morgan and they said we should network.
We really need self-cleaning & self-sanitizing bottles...would make bottling day so much nicer!
Evan Schnittman: A device alone, an OS alone, a bunch of ebooks alone don't make a successful product. you need all three.
Commit your way to the Lord; trust in him, and he will act. (Psalm 37:5 ESV)
I'm forever in debt to for showing me Hammers and Strings (A Lullaby).
I actually wanna redo all Of yesterday
They do anything to get a camera in front of them.
try it with milk :) I use mine to make mochas. Lots of work but the end result tastes just like the pros.
My default stance on child rearing has quickly become "I don't negotiate with terrorists". Realize who's in charge, people.
Lord give me strength! Ready to get this over with so bad!!!!
Ugh. I told myself I would do homework early today, but I'm still on it now. Why does this always happen.
Rev. Huckabee, you play with Ted Nugent, you ever read the lyrics to "Cat Scratch Fever"?: I make the pussy purr with The stroke of my hand
's #HangLoose Fund-raiser Showcase is set for May 25th at Cairo Bar in West Chicago! All acts interested email
Thanks for sharing all you do with the Marquette community. Your story of hope is inspiring!
I'm in love with a fairytale... Cause I don't care if I lose my mind, I'm already cursed. <U+2665>
I think this video bout to go in
i never said tht u didnt tweet
what's your major??
But my birthday is in 3 weeks from today.
Bragging Is Only Cool When No One Cares.... #GetIt?
Happy birthday beautiful lady.....
why bother you won't need it in the future
I am really excited at the prospect of drinking coffee.
My Mom >
in between jakes is happening, we need to contact NBC
Me: I want ice cream! Kaitlyn: Qwell i wanted a phone but didnt get one so you cant have ice cream! Capi: I smell fudge! Ha
Who is the scheduling master? I am the scheduling master.
Oregon's helmets
okay bro give me 30 mins to finish my project. It's the same as my twitter name!
LAST DAY!
Don't miss out on a blessing just because it's not packaged the way you expected.
I'm turning into a composer fan girl. Michael Giacchino is a god.
I think the bad weather and tornado threats are going to ground us today...see you all tomorrow hopefully...Happy Jack
what is your favorite quote of all time?
Just chill for bit, maybe have some hot tea w/lemon..
No traffic for my Friday drive! + listening
Aw sis! Have a beautiful morning!
love you to the moon and back baby<3 should of tried harder to keep you
i hate being sicc
Ron Paul has dropped out of the race .... Does this mean I will stop seeing 25 Ron Paul supporters outside of the mall every Saturday ...??
S/O to Lil skitzz from the Citi Team I see you doing ya thing we will be out that way soon
Easily the most crazy and exciting in the last 30 years!!
can't wait to go!!
- i mostly talking a bunch of 3XL dri fit shirts/t-shirts and a few shorts maybe
...and that's why you're so dope!
She's letting karma do it's job <U+E420><U+E00E>
Good come to NY and work for me!!!!
no I work till Wednesday
#FF Thanks for your <U+2665> & dedication! Appreciate the support!
Love Barbie & Ken? See an exhibit dedicated to this famous couple: Read Now www.southfloridaalerts.com
RT : The way it should be, Cuz. #blessed(Indeed!)
We're gonna skate to one song. And one song only!!!
Such a beautiful day. Couldn't think of a better way to spend it! RT : Poolside with First sesh of the season.
thanks sis, love ya 2! :o)
I love watching
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Everyone with my sister a happy birthday!!!! <U+2764>u!
Welcome to Indy GMEN! Beat the Pats for all #Colts fans.
really doe
yes I do have assigned seats. Prob today was I let some kids change theirs (me=too nice) and the class devolved from there.
I guess I'll order more supplies I need for my earrings.
pull the trigger
not sure what you're casting, but we should discuss this over some korean food.
just got off school
#asecs12 Pellicer noting sacral depiction of Anne, declaring peace by fiat in Windsor Forest eg, undercut by Act of Settlement.
: Which house? The one on Shirley?
Cardinals Nation, baby.
it's on! :) can we mind meld sometime after sxswi?
I'm looking for a freelance web designer to do some work for me on a part-time basis.
Don't worry! Not even #snowmageddon can close the #library!
lizziville if I had the money I'd split it with ya!BOeK2
shut up
Movie or game night tonight? I think so. Relaxing is my new favorite thing to do.
Uggh going to work after a 6 day weekend... good thing I took off Friday too or I'm not sure how I'd handle myself.
Thank you and #Lobo for the RT's!! :-)
Win ---> RT : I'd have to be CGI. RT Question for the followers: what actor/actress would play you in a movie?
Poised Creation seeks to be the vehicle that helps independent artists become successful!
thanks for getting back to us Mandy!!
I'm sure Kurt Warner and Arizona's offensive line respects it! LOL
I've been out of work for so long that I've almost forgotten how to hate people
Benson #iwca: so binary of virtual v. real erased. Me: yes, we are all cyborgs now.
If twin females marry twin males, and they both have a child, will both children look the exact same?
OMG #SaySomethin IS SO AMAZING, PLAY IT AGAIN. I NEED THIS ON MY IPOD ALREADY.
Lmfao bet I get my baby. You're a horrible baby mama and everyone knows it!
Heat needs to step it up!
I haven't but I'll check it out! Thanks for thinking of me!
WW2-era poster: "Please do not disturb - Sabotage is a war offense - These #bees are a vital unit in national defense."
We pulled #facebook data, pushed to #salesforce, created a #crosschannel segment, and pushed to #mailchimp within hours. It is very doable.
I totally binged last night :\
aye did your mom get the ipod out from the office already?:)
Clearly Matt, you are not a tea drinker.
I hope your ok if you don't tweet today then we will see if you show up on Raw I'm sure your ok your probally just busy
En route to BAFTA this evening for a screening of a TV Pilot I composed the music & score for - #excited !
"You never change oh God"
thanx for stopping in!
RT : - Shocked at this news report tonight - hope that women understand the importance of YEARLY mammograms.
Two things I never thought would happen: 1) I got an A+ in Math!.... 2) I'm excited about getting an A+ in Math! r u proud?
Finally had to. Lovely greenery. Lots o pollen. What are you up to today?
Wait... they're saying it's going to get up to 110° today? Who are you and what have you done with Portland?!
Such a bummer! I immediately thought to switch to #ATT but didn't know they had ended those plans for new customers also. :/
homemade authentic italian meatballs are simmering on stove. off to do an insanity workout. the meal will negate it, but that's the point.
I assume u mean Weeden? Still wiping the drool from Cleveland media off my screen. Lol.
#FF #brand #marketing pros helping businesses grow
Being drunk
Warning got phished,, and is sending out links that'll get your acct. phished too. Hope they get that fixed for their sake.
Be Happy For This Moment..... This Moment is Your Life <3
the RT from #e2conf on keynote was well earned, sir. Good work ^Mark
^2 As both male and female, and they are blessed, but when their nature was called Adam,
I friggin love
te fight tht exploded for real
pretty much just wait... I was checking like literally every 5 min... But I did it kinda late...
What are you wearing to our white out birthday party at tonight?
RT Attention all House music lovers! Follow this link to buy tickets to see me perform at the official EDC After... ht...
#BOYFRIEND is my most played song on my ipad! Love it! Follow?!X10
Our gym is within a block of a 24hour Pancake house, 24hour coffee shop, and 24hour Subway - Location, location, location
Absolutely! When?
MIKEY AND THOMAS ARE SO CUTE!!!
Just complimented Judge Susan Carbon on her delightfully non-Washington-bureaucrat wardrobe selections.
lame resident had to tell cops they didn't want him on porch.
Edinburgh was awesome!! Next trip nicole scherzinger at manchester!!!!!
i love you so much! lik legit! its crazy! please come to nyc so maybe we could hang out? it would complete my life <3
going for a walk with Jenni and the kids!
You in AZ?
Good morning everyone! What's on your agenda today?
I hate waiting on people
Happy Wednesday all! We wish you a great and successful day.
just a little bit...
Tired but I'm off tomorrow so I'm swag.
That is awesome!
too mnay followers are not following back - good-bye non-followers.
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by taking out an olive from First Class salads.
Right I loved how they whooped the Brewers at the Sunday game.
There's hope! Good luck with it. I hope to see you there.
L.A. friends, flip your TV on to KTLA 5 tomorrow morning beginning at 5:42 am for an inside look at the Fender factory in Corona!
A new hair do can really change the personality
Fences serve several purposes for your home
Give people what they want. Then offer them what they "need".
unless we get the #1, we're taking a wing. bank on it.
Happy Valentine's Day to you. I don't know why I am telling you this.
OMG I have been like obsessed with them for months haha. I Have been really good, thanks. What about you?
feeling restless.
great we've recorded your pars (wefq0)
awe I love you kristen<3 (:
hey Natalie Julianna wants you to have a concert tomorrow!!
Where is the biggest big screen? Which restaurant?
Weekend day drinking in the sun is my new hobby :-p
Now I'm regretting dying my hair .
yep! Well galveston county area.
Cartoon & Cereal.
Thanks for RT. See you Thursday.
"Shoot it. Shoot the J."
Just did my thing in the Gym...Ran for and hour,Hooped and 2 hours liftin and im still not tired
Thanks for the props!
Over $200 dollars. Well, schucks, thanks guys.
Starting with a little Go-Go c'mon Chuck Brown!!
sleeping in the n00d is always the best.
It is almost cake time .. yummy :)
Er. Frank asked a "good" not "god" question. HT
#BocceFest2012 at was incredible - big thanks to and , you both rock! Love you, !
Most/all of my Dreamhost Wordpress sites have been hacked the past few months, one hacked 2x. Losing confidence in DH.
done! I'll leave a key in the mailbox.
I have never been more excited about showering and brushing my teeth in my life. Grad bash over! Goodnight.!!!
yes! I just select it and hit go and it does the rest! I can even design my own and it'll stitch them. :)
Us either! RT Can't wait! RT : 2012 #JazzInThePark lineup just announced! Summer's just around the corner!
it shouldnt have been standing there
The Democrats and Republicans split the Orlando City Council races, two for each. No runoff election in those races.
I like flying. With Great training and producing session today.
hahahah ah right! ;-)
i don't know what to tweet to get you to follow me :(
I really wanted to watch the 'Shipwreck gets amnesia' ep again and the Serpentor arc.
#2 teach color theory-- have students sort instead of paint tints, tones,etc
YES! RT : “When I first moved to NY, I bought Vogue instead of dinner. I just felt it fed me more.” ~ Carrie Bradshaw SATC
Hernandez and Welker will need to step up here..
What a great night!
Pierre is only 33
Be #thankful if not this time,maybe next time.Don't feel down and out.There is something better waiting for you.You will succeed.
Phil 4:6 Be anxious for nothing,but in everything by prayer & supplication,w/thanksgiving,let your requests be made known to God;
We have NO business attacking #Iran. You warmongers are NUTS & #frightening. We have enough problems & debt already. Don't need another war.
Just thought of something great. I am going to name my first born son "Pentium", Idk... I guess it just sounds cool. Just thought of that.
God in heaven #tebow on earth
I see. Good luck with your deadline. Keeping my fingers crossed for you! I'm sure it will be amazing!
today you turn one year older
Brownies & milk m... yummy for my tummy!!
Happy mothers day to all my mama friends! (and furry babies count too!)
If the person you love hasn't let God into their heart...then they haven't let you in either.
Teaching someone else how to code reminds you how far u've come in your craft and how very far you have to go.
To be eligible for either exemptions, seniors must have been born prior to or in the year 1946!
I haven't read it but I've heard of it (we read Poisonwood Bible for my English class this year and its also by her)
09 Buehler #Chardonnay. Huge RRV value. Stone fruit nose & taste. Caramel, pineapple, touch of citrus. Buttery mouthfeel. 90 pts
Oh how I love you too <3 & How I miss you so :(
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY. i love u guys so much and i hope ur havingfun today. :)
Sounds like Latte Time! Happy Wednesday! RT : ok, slow start today... coffee came to save me!
At the for LaWare Forum a la the Boston Foundation this AM. Topic: #Comm_College feat Glenn Dubois of VA CCs w/panel discussion
u suck. Horrible city councilmen
Look at the stars. Look how they shine for you
I miss being in ur arms /:
under my left tit on my rib area
but I like donuts
Hello good morning
17 days the partee begins Sac Jazz Jubilee! Music for the masses! Blues,Swing,Zydeco,Latin,Western Swing,Modern& more.Please spread the word
I'm confused about your mug discount today. It says it applies to my shop but any products that I custom designed don't apply? :(
ima be at work
OMG I'm so happy for you :)
I can honestly say I haven't been truly happy since that day... I wish you were still here
Last 20-mile run before race day!
Hard work has a future payoff. Laziness pays off NOW!
Happy is the man who finds wisdom and understanding for the gain from it is better than gain from silver and profit better than gold.
does! RT : Does anyone out there integrate HIIT into their running schedule? Has it made you stronger/faster???
FYI: In all three Godfather films, when you see oranges, there is a death (or a very close call) coming up soon. Interesting!? Watch & see
The worlds greatest Creeper (You) should follow me. Tht would be the best Birthday Present EVER!! :) I LOVE YOU!!!!! <3
RIP Whitney Houston,
Seeing #JulietAnUnPopular 's ranking descend on Amazon and Barnes&Noble. :-( If you read it & enjoyed it, please suggest it to your friends!
whatchya up to
Hey Guys! Sorry I havent been on n forever! My year has gone good & bad. Ive lost 1 in. off my waist & my crush is dating a weird girl.
RT : Can't wait for Gray Chandler Murray to give me my next Style Challenge today! I <3 the #JBDStyleChallenge <-- Me too!
LETS GO RANGERS!!! WOO!!
It is wise to model the behavior you expect from others!
Mother love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible
wait but I can't choose. They all are!
Trains that arrive as you arrive , clutch. So very clutch. Next stop Soho. I can record while others shop.
I know. So much respect for that guy.
Thanks to everyone who came out to sauced last night, you made it great. The dancing was awesome to. To next time being half as badass!
Not impressed by how #kindle posts a link to my quote instead of the quote itself. Self serving much there Amazon?
Lmaoo hush! RT : oh nah i would beat your ass lmao
Can they teach the bullpen to hold a lead? ": Congrats #PhilsTeacherAllStars, honored @ CBP for positive impact on students!"
The River Alliance of Wisconsin is hosting its 5th annual Wild and Scenic Film Festival on Tomorrow at the Barrymore Theatre 7pm
Be careful who you call your friends. I'd rather have 4 quarters than 100 pennies. but that's just me.
where are you at?
this is why i hate the bus. I feel like he is a pedophile... #I'mScurred
Happy Thanksgiving. :D
perhaps - send info to Marcy at polymathic dot me? :) thanks!
It's amusing to see people follow me after a #FollowFriday recommendation, only to unfollow me a day later after they read what I post.
get in touch with thomas adelman he has a movie that you would be perfect in!! he is a producer in LA
thank you girl!!! :)
no don't do that. just say follow her cause she's amazing. no one likes nudes bro.
Just arrived at Club Play to celebrate bday party. It's still early, pero el party se esta poniendo duro.
Such a good talk with my boy tonight. :D
When you pay for followers, likes, and plays...people know, don't think they don't.
Gimme date and I'm there!
A lot of hidden gems in the cities!
Me: I need a new dress for the semi formal. Hubby: Its in Minnesota - they wont know if you wear an old one. *sigh* He doesnt get it
About to have a lesson with I AM SO BLESSED!
ayoo this fruit salad is the shitttt >>>>>>>
last years headline on this years story ?
lovinnnn your twitter profile picture<U+2764>
- If Messi would only play as hard for Barca as he does for Argentina (nah, the ARG press wouldn't say that)
Just touched down in Pomona! I'm @ 'Nastie Garage'! A HONDA Performance Shop! Preparing to put my Civic thru transformation! It's on! ;-)
Did she write 'Cat's Eye' (I think it was called?!). That was such an amazing depiction of girls' friendships.
there is so much to say on the spirit and truth phrase. Listening to His Spirit and Truth is merely the beginning
Jesus loves you, but Zeus thinks you're stupid.
if big blue madness is oct. 12, we are only six months away
Ooh yeah... Cabbage... Red pepper... Add some bulgogi... Sexy time! :p
that means the world. trust me.
hey Tomorrow's instore has been postponed due to illness. We are working on a new date soon.
im hungey iscellsss....mommy need to hurry up wit dis food....
haha...brings to mind a few enterprise architects I've worked with...
": Just filled out my ballot for #AlphaAction"~Thank you for your support and vote good brother! 06!
preaching to the choir.
#dying at these children struggling with real dance choreography <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
#Obama logic: Increased Oil supply won't lower price - but unplugging phone charger will lower global temperature.
US State Dept says,we fail to get the best results because MANY women lack the access they need to land, seeds, water, credit and markets
DON'T BE A SUCKER!
Motivate - If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes.
Great start and strong finish for #Stricker Keep it up man win this thing!!!!
RT Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it. ~ Descartes
I'm still weeping over that result. CANADA, what.
Stacy at FPP Harlem just subscribed to Letters in the Mail. Can't wait for the first letter!
I think so. It's for the nieces and nephews. I'm over at my Sis's house right now, sponging her DSL, so I can't confirm that.
I know at least 3 ppl who said that to me today (I vehemently disagree, but they said they'd vote June 5)
listening to right threw me ^.^ , im loving it :D
Thanks to everyone getting petitions signed today!
I'll give you the one I was saving for the hoarse rooster. RT Toss me one too, please! Nasty indeed.
Congrats on your homework!
" Make sure you get your copy of our first live tour DVD!! #UpAllNightDVD" definitely will x
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080>
I love the concept of wishfrog. Keep it simple! Maybe do a social login to link my wish frog account with my Twitter or Facebook?
We've had some last-minute cancellations for tonight's meetup, so if you're in the area, swing on by around 7!
#TwSIG Can encourage different points of view. Students can feel heard and seen. Can continue the conversation after class. Benefits of soc
I am wrapping up a book from Solaris for a review and yours is next in cue :). Looking forward to it!
great work!
just read "teaming up" on the real deal
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see. ~ Mark Twain
I don't even know how Reggie Evans hustles so hard but he's playing out of his mind in this series
Get on your knees and ask God for forgiveness cause all that dick ain't gonna save you #TakeMyAdviceForOnceBitch :)
Time for New York, New York. <3
I'd bid on that!
lmao. Yup headed out right now. Staying out all weekend. Maybe 8 dives. You? 'tis the season to be
Colleen: I missed you at the Santa Clara alumni event Monday - we'll have to do another one soon! Hi Jessie! I have two followers - woo hoo
My nose is cold and I ate all of my desk snacks. Other than that, all is well.
: Zukes? Yum, love the salmon! Thought I sniffed something... was just heading to bed!
many thanks, Jax!
speaking of being laid?!?!? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Go to church that morning and get fucked up that evening
8 straight hours of broadcasting today...I'm a little tired.
Hey Jeter nice haircut. Going for the corky look?
#Game7 best game ever? Exciting, yes. But did you watch the first half? Definitely not the best game ever...
If you reserve the right not to vote, politicians will reserve the right not to listen to you.
NYC councilman showing OWS love and props.
Klusoz is bonkers right now if your not here then you must be crrrraaaaaazzzzyyyyy!!!!
and the rooftop bar loves you! it was talking about you yesterday. ;-)
Hey Pittsburgh - It's not too early to think about stocking stuffers. We have cool ones from Aveda, OPI, Dermalogica, & more. See you soon!
Amen!!! “: Thank you for everything! I feel you , I believe in you.. I know you're always with me. Thank you #GOD #Blessed”
Please elaborate.
Do you have any products with excellent covers? Forward a link to me so I may showcase it on my website – adaptonadime.com
I'm looking for some ah-mazing friends to join my clique and to have fun with. Boys are welcome, too!
#MyFavoriteSongsEver are all about #waxing!
Attending today's first annual Summit in Austin? If so, let us know what you learned!
#ilovekhalilbecause he got swag
Choice Hotels International&#39;s CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results ...
lol, oh the joys of being pregnant!
I'm down for that and it's bats opening weekend.
It wouldn't be so bad if f(5) spent some time together when they aren't promoting. At least pretended that they actually like one another.
I really want a pillow pet so I can cuddle with it :)
“: you should post pictures! I wanna see it.” I will soon!:)
Boss just asked if I can make it to a client meeting at Carneros Inn in Napa Valley. Um, yeah, I think that can be arranged.
Tweet with us, too!
don't wear make-up and let me see the real you
I swear my family is full of retards!!!!! I gotta be the only smart one.
Productivity while impatiently waiting for someone to get ready = me posting random a**, old pictures! You're welcome...
lol.....its Larry that did the song. Not Kendall. :-) happy friday. #dankness to you :-)
Live Twitter Feed from Refused Show. I once made my own Refused bumper sticker. DIY. Still the best Merch.
Short Sales are being approved at rapid pace. There are alternatives to foreclosure. www.sherwoodlawgroup.com
locates gender at individual level, implies consent, fixity, symmetry. Better to speak of systems or relations, I feel.
Glad you are able to come tomorrow!
jockey beat up his girl last week
Counsel, defendants in #DiMasi case summoned to judge's chambers
yup. diplomatic immunity is no longer a claim. war crimes have jus cogens status-- legal rationale for ICTY, ICTR...
tonight: lamb sweetbreads, werp farm carrots and radish, hard-boiled egg/anchovy vinaigrette, bay brown butter ricotta.
Regarding last tweet: That's 200 school districts. Not 200 schools.
were Ragin tonight. Playing a show!
I left my heart with my phone in my center console, I left my feelings with my wallet & my keys.
Funny thing about Rush is he was pulled over waiting for the stop sign to turn green.
i'm so with it that it's insane. we must get to planning this summer. we have to make it amazing before you leave!
#Obama is on the black list for MVF
Working today? Be thankful!
Thorough #SaaS vendor due diligence key to compliance. Cooperation between legal and technical expertise necessary.
i need a laptop :/
The future belongs to those who prepare for it today. Malcolm X
Stern is struggling to be neutral, but some real bombs aimed at the Maloofs are slipping out here.
this girl is digging herself a hole... please stop talking. please.. please.. please...
Really hoping that my last class today would be cancelled but it looks like ill have to go :/
RT if you absolutely love your fans..:)
what a small world!
Dear evsryone who retweeted us, I wobt be able to #ff mention you. I am so sorry. Tweet me that you rt us and ill rt you for the
named "chuck d"
It's really amazing that from a small blog post in November, my twitter stream is filled with #GAAD posts. (continued)
OMG NO I MISSED IT. WHY DO I SUCK SO MUCH.
I agree RT": The cabin in the woods was boring !"
Before boiling them in brandy recovered from a shipwreck, I peel the potatoes with the sword used to execute Pope Pius I.
Somebody always loose my shit;
Thanks! I'll be sure to try one :)
Can anyone suggest a couple good MLB fans to follow? So far I got PHI,STL,NYY,MIL, and AZ down.
Finally making some real serious progress on Fourstep. A lot of Ruby/Rails code is getting hammered out over here.
Just wrapped my last client! Happy Easter Sis!
Thank you for the RT We love following your tweets on global education!
oh haha my b:)
Neil Armstrong claimed his EMU (spacesuit) was pretty cozy. But after all Playtex knew how to make things fit right.
Dressed in best today (:
we should start our own reality TV show.... We can call it "Three Ladies and a baby"
#ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies sneak in snacks so you don't have to pay 50$ for a chocolate bar..
#Fatty acids, especially #Omega-3, have been associated with a decreased risk of
Yep… she gets her license in 3 days!
“Sometimes people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are.”
Chicago. Here I am. Waiting on the 29 bus.
Thanks for the follow! Hope you're having a great day
Thanks for the follow. How are u today
yea I said it! And what! Lol.
My internet has been out for most of the day so far. How much have I missed?
wow Leiter just mentioned Kelly Stinett..completely forgot about him
happy to oblige. Let me know where to send the lyrics. I must say, she's looking quite nice today in her green ivy & sun.
downloading the slacker ipad app right now.
thanks for coming!
Hey guys, it is Cory's birthday!!! Show him a lil love :) <3_New vocalist :)
well how the hell are ya Wyatt?
If i met mau i would give him a huge hug, and i would take a picture for memories
A single to center by D. Fowler ties things up in Colorado. Dodgers 3 Rockies 3 Bottom 8th.
Daily Special, Fri 03/23/12 - Lg lightly breaded pollock fish fillet w/ french fries & tartar sauce. While it lasts! $8.95. Add coleslaw $1.
Kenya was like "Put That On Sum?" x "OMG"!!!!! Lol
honesttlyy...i love my boyfriends ears lol
Thanks for making it out on Wednesday!
I'm not saying that they don't exist, just that I don't have access to them at this time. And no, I haven't.
Salt Lick is always a good way to end
I love tomorrow . <3
Kudos to Geoff Weathersby '12 who raised 20K for his father's legacy scholarship fund!
What a great night.
Gary Tanguay thinks DMarsh is the best basketball analyst in the country? I love Donny, but I'd take the Jet, Kerr and C-Webb over him.
I love how people dont recognize since I left Oak Hill xD
I bet! Looks like we know what sunday breakfast is!! Thanks for filling us in =)
: that was an error. Mr smart ass :)
its nice!! Mine isnt good at all :p just blank lol. I love your theme!! <3
“ Hard work brings prosperity; playing around brings poverty.”
responded to your tweet from the wrong account...my identity has been compromised
Worst commercial on TV right now is the iPhone-tomato soup-shake rattle and roll- dancing girl. I can't think of anyone more annoying.
That was Hoyer to Zonk by the way.
Good song !
Some lady is telling me her life story
Musical is over. Sitting in my bed reminiscing :) <3 <3 <3
Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!
stoked to see y'all tonight!!
Individualized attention is the focus at US Title. Our hand-picked staff, with its many years of experience and deep roots in the community,
I remember this time last year me Jess amadeo and the other nigga were having the sickest time together.
Playing tonight (10pm) at 55 Bar with Richard Bona and Ari Hoenig, rare & exciting trio, hope to see you there.
"you can't restart pandora"
on CBS
- Thank you
RT Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. -St Francis of Assisi
going to make sure I START the show with the disclaimer next week, for sure.
Talkin' 'Bout a Miracle.
Shits getting real now ... 65 mins... its a dog eat dog world and #LAKings have bigger teeth.
Position players pitching is my favorite thing in baseball.
only on my blog - and only a few pieces. My day job has me writing full-time, so fiction has taken a backseat =\. You?
happy birthday :))
o my fault well on dat note u have a good night... Im Off to terrorize my neighbors
record something lol
I saw the Vampire Diaries it was awesome like always.... good job... especially Ian and Nina LOL
And, we’re done, Might have to cut loose too while I’m at it...
Twisting Thursday night at The Hilltop Steak House Rt 1 Saugus, Ma. from 5:30-8:30 Pm. Kids meals only $2.95! Come in and Visit!
Holly Cow!...Top Natural Breast Agmentation Review? Sean Sherlock
Woke like its 1 in the afternoon
The pages in my diary are full I have limitless possibilities with this new technology. I have come a long ways from ink and a feather
We're underway at the ...great turnout for the event!!
Arianas gonna be on a show with who?!?
Feeling grateful for a beautiful day in #LA. Sunny Suggestion of the day: soak up those last few minutes of #sunshine for the day.
They sure are :)
Darrell Hammond!!!!!!! The Donald!!!!
At crunch time, i deliver like Domino's.
I am not lol
Lol I applied to the art institute before I decided to be a doctor
Just got
Cold cold cold <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
thanks for the shout out!
More Country! Give me some of that Country! New Street Clips are up and ready!
If one more college coach ask me "who is the next of Las Vegas...
How did i miss the promos for the #Allrecipeschat about #slowcookers today? Luckily I'm on Twitter now and can participate :)
Dont try to dog me u not perfect yo damself dont get me started on yo bs
Listening to you on Thx for tip on fox hollow. May go! Happy anniversary.
um yeah I believe so, just wanted to see if you were still alive haven't seen/heard from ya in forever!
looking for my dream job.
You're wrong and why there's no progress. He did it to another black guy. Rather we say oh well black on black, who cares?
Alera Shelf Liners For Wire Shelving, 48W X 18D, Clear Plastic, 4 ...
Sometimes your only option is to be strong.
- I was initially going to disagree, but after thinking about it, I believe it's true. 140 characters isn't enough.
I wouldn't be surprised either, but I like hoping that cool things will "blow my head off"
what kind of dance are you into?
Yea I follow even though I don't live in Massachusetts. Why? Because it's awesome.
Destiny is something that you create <U+2665>
is RTing I bet you he will retweet this :) haha I love you Austin!
Make sure the bloggers paint 's nails!
#PCA thank you mom
Trolling the Avengers... Ah that was fun.... Let me scroll back through the backlogged messages.
For Amazing photographs, Models contact my Favorite photographer,
#10thingsaboutmyself I would rather knock you out then look at you so just stay out of my way
Whats up Fred? Your boy is getting big!!
Everybody knows when you doin something or attention
Naps are amazing
#SmackDown yep I'm right John Morraison going to Win !!!!!!!!
Thank You! And we're blessed to live in one of the best places on earth...South Florida! Shine On!
You're welcome, Amy! Not sleeping yet. Not late yet here in California. :)
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE SING WITH THEIR HANDS... LIKE THEIR HANDS CAN HELP THEM HIT THE NOTE... EITHER YOU GONNA HIT IT OR UR NOT... ;-0
How was everything on Friday? Favorite new menu dish? :)
it's huge in PG County too.
Good luck in the finals!!! May the best team win.
"Username or Password incorrect." TELL ME WHICH ONE YOU SON OF A BITCH
I can't call it imma be werkin on the whip through the mornin games most likely but possibly can scoop u after
Anyone have a cool #SemanticWeb app running on the #iPad yet?
Basketball bliss. God bless the inventor of March.
Thank you so much sis! That means a lot to me!! <3 #BESTSISTEREVER :)) Love you times a million!
RT : is playing tonight Don't sleep. presents with
Time to make the Donuts
Looks like the NFL lockout will end soon....Are you ready to draft your fantasy football team? What sleepers do you have this season?
#LitEvent 5/7 7p Cedar Hills: Author A.M. Dellamonica #reads “Blue Magic” , sequel to “Indigo Springs”
Does anyone know how to get Aperture for Macs on the cheap? its $80+ ._.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 88
I need to find more people to follow !
RT : If you want a 6 hour Best Show next week I need to hit 10,000 followers. Otherwise its experimental music.
also depends on whether links go off-site or not...and how close together they are! What do you think?
Are there any community events coming up?
Lots of JP and (CDS's) early on
Happy Birthday :) love to my girl!
where was rock last Thursday? Oh skipping joes for crickets
Unfortunately, it's my own fault because I put off surgery for 3 months and had a surgeon who wasn't completely in-network.
I have one for you!!
#Trust your instincts
Coming up in an hour, I'll be a guest on The World Today. Gather around the wireless with your family, as is proper on a Sunday.
im doing a report about her in class she was an amazing lady the first to be everything
aren't you so glad we proved your phone is not the thinnest on the market :-)
VA is a southern state if you live here. Visit me in Amherst/Nelson and you will agree.
ONE MORE TWEET. Remember when sang at the Superbowl and slayed the audience AND yur faves? DAS WUT I TOT. GOODNIGHT.
I will if u would please follow me back on twitter
Thanks a billion! RT : My fave #ultralight pitch is Good stuff!
I would tell you to hire a writer...but you are supposed to be one
Make sure to check out tonight on at 730pm EST!
Often, opinion pieces not clearly named as such implies "ed approval". In this case, "approving" denigration of a field of study.
why do i always have to feel so out of it.):
Let me know if I can hit you with that baile funk track with the Fela sample!
you still live on the flats
i think you needa wish a happybirthday.....lol I loved meeting you Austin.
Wondering where the heck I came from? Check out tonight's Extreme Home Makeover. I may have left, but my heart remains in SW MO.
Wonder how far this gone take me..
need to go back to school. im so bored
use code SENDIT and it's on us for your first order
Thanks for the RT Friday!
Tomorrow, I'm meeting with Aireul at CTC at 4. Think you can make it? (:
Why you tryna kill my dream
I was talking tonight about how inherently funny a food shrimp is. Sad cocktail shrimp on a tray is always comic gold to me.
Ha!RT Someone's phone keeps going off &ring tone is "Highway to the Danger Zone" it makes me want to go home and watch Top Gun
huh round 2 LETS GO ! GIIAANTSS !
RT : I'm glad to see OWS back on the streets in NY....
tweet tweet
How come Kevin Arnold has such a big crush on that boring girl with zero personality?
RT : BOSS: you were 3min late ME: who gives a shit BOSS: what did you say? ME: what did you hear?
Fantastic, we would love to post some of your work on our blog if you would like. keep in touch
Wedding at the The Biltmore Hotel Georgian Ballroom
I got da hiccups
+24 hours, temp <100 the whole time. now if this truck that has parked on me would just put it in gear and drive off
Im tired of everybody always expecting greatness from me. Im a person to. I have a life, I make mistakes just like everyone else.
Forget about doing favors. Jus get taken advantage of.
RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 9
"courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice in the room saying I will try again tomorrow."
WOWOWW refs CHEATING. Hibbert still in.
Orange foods (citrus fruits) can protect your heart and boost your immune system.
woman in black commercial. Y U SO SCARY.
Get out the vote!
Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real
Awesome! Let's go Big Frog!
i have 3 phones, obviously :p thanks :)
Marion Barry: a Spike Lee Joint with feet.
glad you're enjoy this weather Mark!
Looking for a healthy snack? Try Bobo's Oat Bars. All natural, no preservatives: delicious! (Everyone loves Bobo's)
Im so excited!!!
Hey everyone, are you tired of living down in the dumps? Well you dont have to anymore! Let us share our knowledge with you so you can DREAM
Happy Mother's Day to our HRC mothers and ! If we forgot anyone let us know!
"scrunchify the data"
Having help me floss at the lunch table
totally not true its worse for me
ATPT bids starting to stack at .0018......
i have a hard time pulling for Wisconsin but I think I will for the sake of the B1G Ten
#idol - Jessica did a beautiful job. Her performance oozed emotion and was increbibly powerful. By far the best of the night.
That awkward moment when you wear your mix match outfit on twin day.
Working with three clients - two need CA photo IDs and one needs to get back to the medical clinic. Appointments made for tomorrow. Best!
Chances are good I have undergarments almost as old as Shaka Smart € Brad Stevens. Well done young guns!
Big weekend! UFC 126 and the Super Bowl. Live music tonight! We'll see you here! Save some room for fun!
Always helpful to talk numbers + tech with
: yeah I realized it said kayash but it's not me. Oh and that
writing a paper on books you haven't read or own is harder than I thought
Today is our Tea 101 Class in the Old Market at 1pm. Learn the basics of tea. Each guest is $10. Call 402-932-3933 to reserve your spot.
Oh here goes the debauchery
You're an anti-dentite
The cause of your pain should be explained and corrected, not covered up.
I HAVE WORKING MY ASS OFF LATELY... BUT I FEEL GOOD THOUGH....
#userfocus governance is to "operations" as diet is to "lifestyle"
so it's not method...it's message.
friend Bob piloted C-47D flight fr Florence to Rome, April 29, 1950 Possible USO tour flight - Operations Officer: Capt. Hugh G. Fly Jr.
If you do not CHANGE YOUR LIFE with the POWER OF TRUTH then the only END OF THE TRUTH is YOUR LIFE which BEGINS with a LIE. NLD Mom/ca.surv
21st libs - activism (the right to know is a human right) and vision (understand our communities and celebrate communal assets
I hate it when people say we are going to die in 2012, like shut the fuck up
GM I pray the Lord opens up the business world to u far beyond ur own expectations that His face shines on u His love keep u.
#liber2011 Dempsey: moving from institutional scale to network scale.
#bush #gop cause of two wars, loss of lives, broken economy, deficit, and more. Glad #obama is the POTUS to clean up the mess.
yep yep 4 half a day...
CA Assembly #education cmte passes AB2242 on 'willful defiance'
Awesome. sounds great. and I really wanna see you too. Its been like, 3 months. :/
Nice day for a <U+E523><U+E135> parade. Go
aye elway..let tebow get some of that lipbalm
At least this silly sports bar is playing #neilyoung 'only love can break your heart'
Wow, this sumpin sumpin tastes just like dank. Or so I'm told...
Hope this application go through
So I guess we'll just take that jet to OKC now huh?? Where the Kobe haters at??
Started packing for my big move to L.A. and quickly realized that I own way too much useless shit. Totally forgot I owned a bundt pan.
Who is at? Just a super great role model and best friend. Even though i have not met her yet.
Amazing lunch of boiled crawfish (3 lbs for 4 ppl!), corn, catfish po'boy, head-on shrimp, and boiled potatoes. Nodding off now.
That sounds like the worst ever!
Need Some Dome And I Ain't Talking Georgia UH-O.
RT : RT : "I am an aggregator, a citation machine, a curator, a specialist." What People Don't Get About Working in...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BESTEST BROTHER EVER ! love you joe
hi sally. hehe its michelle.
Nearly done with floral necklace/collar. Creamy white w/green leaves & vintage lace. Very labor intensive! Thank goodness it's almost done.
Me & : 1 Management: O. BOOM.
That's why you would have her in a kennel. :)
Potential major winter storm to imapct Midwest and Great Lakes X-Mas Eve/Day. Wx models showing considerable track/snowfall differences.
Watching Clint Eastwood in Pale Rider. I think knowing a bit about the movie might help somebody win a free shirt in our shirt giveaway.
i guess when you care about someone, you'll do whatever you can to make them happy.. <U+E328>
Mm citrus vodka and vanilla puddingq!! Brocolli, celery, hair knees! Veggie tales!
RT : Rip Bruce Mays.......ur smile and personality will never b forgotten<<<
EV owners unite! Heading North to Poway for the monthly EV users meeting. Fact: SD County has the highest % of EV owners nationwide!
Craziest... Hrmmmm, , two sumo wrestlers and a Leprechaun. You?
When I first started off I had probably like 100 followers I use to tweet n follow this one chick, I guess I didn't have enough followers
RT Want to crawl back into bed and sleep for a year
"Refrain from anger and turn from wrath; do not fret—it leads only to evil." - Psalm 37:8.
My speciality is bringing out Your best style!
Loving the feedback for v1.1, keep it coming in to feedback [at] myndapp [dot] com. Finalizing the new features this week...
haha i can only hope! (;
Oh lord...it's about to go DOWN!
Good luck Timmy!
your welcome!
also, I'd be willing to do a video review on YouTube and post is EVErYWHErE!
I'm 58 yrs.in esrd go to dialysis 3days/wk.peeps come on shows telling what to eat to lose weight.that segment annoyed me:))
Well wishes to my opposition.....
I Stop chasin the dream and started livin the dream!.. Part of the Greatest Story ever told!..
I always believed Hank was innocent and was railroaded by a corrupt NY-AG named Spitzer. Time to sue him too
What are you capable of today?
RT : All assessment in education should be active- helping to answer/suggest "what's next". Otherwise it is useless
I have great faith in you to keep the Davy legacy alive, my friend.
Not sure Peter Pan is history but oh well…4 out of 7 :(
Like the vibe. You guys remind me of Grizzly Bear and a Jacksonville, FL band called SUNBEARS!. I'll keep my ears open.
hahaha. yeah, i used to use it all the time. now i just check to see if there's a deal. but my use has dropped severely.
Don't forget to stop by the King Tut Exhibit.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
I'd complain about being tired, but it was my choice to watch that Cops marathon at 2am. I'll stand by it, those were some great episodes.
is awesome!!
sometimes I wish he was still allowed back in there.
Ryan Gosling absorbed a LOT of '70s DeNiro to portray the cool BAMF (bad-ass mother-f---er) in DRIVE.
would you rather me post your grease picture, but crop it to where it's just you? Because I can arrange that. ;D
Anyone else having issues with tumblr the past few days?
Derek Jeter may be old but the dude can still hit.
hey buddy
I've had the same number since middle school and plan to keep it
just came across a random fact on iGoogle. Sharks will only attack you if you are wet! Well, Duh!! Where else would they get you? the mall.
RT : RT #lrnchat <original idea was Amazing Race. Can they vote someone off the island each week?
Ah!! Omg really? What city?
aww that's a bummer.
When was the last time Crawford didn't give up a bushel of goals?
Home and in my comfy clothes. Let the lounging begin!
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
“It was like being at a ‘real’ conference without having to travel and the price was great!” This year we’re keeping it real.
Africa First Program will accept entries beginning 5/14- 8/20. #Filmmakers have the chance to win $10,000!...
"i guess i got my swagger back truth new watch and learn huge blows" Guess The Song?
LOL! Hopefully, you aced them!
“: Now that Mike Sorrentino is out of Rehab, do we now call him The Rehabilitation? #TheSituationWithTheSituation” indeed
Standing in the cold in Montana, waiting for ice cream.
You can only be so patient sometimes. It's hard seeing everybody in happy relationships at this age. Hmm. Someday.
Drivin round D-town shakin it to ciara and JT's new song..... I love it a lil bit.... Check it out!!
thanks to everyone who made the Super Bowl Breakfast possible! it was a great morning ... now time for me to take a long nap!
Thanks. I'm not sure whether this makes me think history is really long, or really short.
miss you!
You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself. ~ Jim Rohn
We love our clients so much we give them FREE STUFF! Austin T. won the water bottle 2 weeks ago and Kristina S. this past week. Who's next??
There are two parking garages right by the venue. You can't miss them.
Just got my license! Yeah buddy!!!
International Women's Day Banquet is this Saturday on Post Hall!! Free admission with a book donation - Pick up a ticket at the MSSC!
loiter squad, bunch of black dudes making asses of themselves? About time they had their own Fox tv
Work seems to take forever on a rainy day! My couch, it beckons....
hey, you're a cutie
Just listened to pretty girl rock #memories <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
I'm not worried about shortening my life, I'm worried about the quality of the life I'm living.
back at you Fam!!
Homocrin Hair Loss Treatment :O prevention
Negotiated a peaceful end to the war on women. By smiling.
Nate geekin out over there on Boomerang
shittttt. May as well have your own, everyone else is lol
#Facts about Charisse Mills, No matter how tired I am, I must go to church on sundays, because God come first
It's important to say things while you can, because when it's over, it's over.
I understand completely.After all, it compelled me to RT it, right? Next time I'm only RT'ing the one that says he will win!
Playing $3700 tmrw. I'll be wearing gear. Come find me on breaks, big things happening w/ 3Bet!
Littering is 1 of my pet peeves. Always wonder: who do they think is gonna pick that up?
tell us about it.....
I Asked That Same Shit Yesterday
I bet the NHL would love a NY Rangers/LA Kings Stanley Cup Finals, two biggest cities in America, two huge markets!
Who still up?
Thank you!
www.Facebook.com/jenniferrenaebrown
Parents who put down kids who simply state facts the the adult calls them fake
Is grateful that this week's book weighs in at a mere 176 pages after last week's 436 page monster.
Austin is from Texas
apparently this cat likes rubberbands
plus sports are meant to unite diverse people so we can forget about bullshit politics.
Our dispatch is trained & equipped to service ALL your courier service needs!! Call us now for your same day delivery request. 877-527-5737
- damn, your tweets are heartbreaking. Sorry this happened to you. I really hope you are able to work your way through this.
OMG. Shoes.
Hello Twitter!!!
twitter is easy to use, just follow people and tweet what you do.
who is Gene Collier?
Thanks for the RT. It's a big problem, isn't it?
...and dig this! The ham in today's omelet is a locally sourced Compart Country Pit Ham! This is the Cadillac of Hams! Give it a try today!
#directionersloveniall We love you!!! <3 Well and Harry and Lou and Liam and Zayn!
On the porch talking to
great job 2nite!
The sun is up, up above the clouds
Getting ready to launch the most amazing business in January. It will be a world changing event resulting in a major shift in global power
Myself and Joey from agree that Mark Recchi deserves to win another Stanley Cup
agreed! it's a more dynamic way to display your skills & experience!
I really don't care what you think about my clothes. #I'mComfortable
Bill, all fans know: There's never enough COWBELL! #MORECOWBELL #GoKings! RT : How much is too much cowbell?
& Even at the hardest moments of my life I MUST STAY STRONG & Keep my head up high , life goes on . Gonna smile for you ,YOU, in Heaven <3
Perfectly content with being alone..
Happy Friday!
What a crap game. Seattle wants it more. Let's see how their fans are next week, though, when Saints put a hurting on them. Goin' to bed...
Tht funny moment when i check the twitters of ppl in my school and i have more followers than all of then (idnt follow them haha)
AH! That just made me so excited Emma! Aw I'm SO happy for you! Gosh I want to cry! <3 Hahaha I hope we're together! :)
um scuse me miss.. Is that a hand on your back?? Lol...love u honey!! Wish I was home this weekend!! Take lots of pics!
TWEET ME should I change my icon or..?
lol how am i doing that! Nope we closed on mondays
I hope so.
RT I dowanna live in the same house as because he listen to hardcore music .
Why do you do this?
Ya I'm totally that person that sings along to every Christmas song EVER
If I haven't followed u means that I reached followed limit thing but once I unfollow people I will follow u ok so don't unfollow me
Right it down take a picture I dont give a fuck.
": Ladies Are you ready to see my bro's at WebsterHall!!!" Hell Yeah Lol Can't Wait !
Thanks for the heads up!
I hate constructors that throw exceptions
Busy is always good! How's your music coming along? :)
Plenty of working mothers have to work and raise the kids. If they don't work, the kids don't eat.
lol that was actually pretty lame of me...
#FollowYou is such an amazing video! You're part was especially amazing! :D
i'm happy today because my dad is here with me <3
tweet a pic, I'll decide
This is always true. Learn people's stories. : "Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle." -Plato
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. Bill Cosby
Just put together a package for the owners of our apartment building; we're trying to convince them to paint our black roof white...
We hate you steve.
Freedom of speech amendment rights and just being their selves I'm pretty sure we do things cause we want to not for acceptance!
Ugh that sucks... hows the south bound lanes? I have to head down to castleton after work
the parade is on Saturday. You'll be on our float 9:30. Email you deets. : )
i followed
Sometimes i wish you can put people on mute forever that way you wont have to hear their bullshit!
Anyone else not getting all their 'invitations' from Twitter? I get 'followers' 'unfollowing' that I never received invitations for.
Well Im signing off. If you need anything hit me up and I will get started in the AM! Gnite everybody. May your grind pay off.
Is something wrong wit me or.......or them:(
wow, bringing up my sunburn issues... <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><U+2764>
Finished with our photo shoot. Headed home!
#autism awareness fundraiser- totes, shirts, and bags- super cute with a bling puzzle piece! check it out...
It is not enough to stare up the steps, we must step up the
It's so hot I just want to jump in the damn pool<U+E04A><U+E42D>
for you
Make the most of it RT It's Monday morning which means you have an entire week to do more, learn more and earn more. Let's get it!"
I mean I love going over my 'unlimited' data plan for my phone in 3 days.
Thanks. We are parents who invented 123GoTV by KidExerciser that encourages exercise by using a kid's own bike to watch TV.
Messed around and twisted my ankle
lol haha.... And your one of the rotten ones..!! Just kidding lol what are you up too buddy?
A new iPod
hahah man people be tryin to book events during the club like im gonna remember
I am going to eat a giant turkey leg and throw knives tomorrow . Who is with me?
Arm wrestling for Jesus.
Anything exciting happening this weekend in Montreal?
BC - watching Troy Bell & Co. win 2001 Big East tourney at MSG
Paul Obame: Whenever you communicate, and tell people what you want them to do, always tell them why it's good for them.
If the Husqvarva dude has all this kick ass equipment, why's he let his yard turn into a shithole? What do the neighbors think?
HERESTOALL who probably could stand a chance on American Idol if they could bring their shower on stage.
If you've recently ordered from , your order HAS SHIPPED!! Get excited!! Thanks for shopping AS & enjoy!!
haha you would like that movie. Btw I see you snaggin a 3B. But can a bro get a bomb though?
Good Morning Jit.!
Damn it Philadelphia. Well, I guess I'll go sulk in our 72 degree weather. (Feels 71 with wind chill).
damn i keep losin followers im finna unfollow a couple hundred nd follow my new followers #FWM Fam
tattoo shop with tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
ok I have to do a paper I will call you when I get out of my last class
Who would like to see the Brewers hire as the new Manager?
We have a brand new batch of sunglasses in stock!!
Followers are like the stock exchange. There comes a time where u gain big followers and times where u dropp followers Prices go up and down
That one person in class that wants to let everyone know their done by slamming their paper down
RT is my dermatologist and I sing praises. He's on Palo Verde.
What's happening?
I REALLY don't want to go to school today.
Sure, I can do that.
My wish for 11:11 is for to finally follow me!! And it's Gonna be my until it finally happens <3
- meaning what exactly?
Do you care if i don't know what to say? Will you sleep tonight, will you think of me?
Sitting in an empty car next to a liquor store. Plot twist.
Thanks for the FF love!
It's happening tonight at Java Joes! A crowd already. Wonder who'll show?
We Must Learn to Love
If you like coffee try Peets Coffee French Roast...One of the best in the world.
in a webinar with : Social Media Roadmap... Some great participants and questions on the topic
RT: #mediachat starts in 1 hour! Tonight’s guest is of with us to chat about Social Trading Cards.
that doesn't seem right!
putting my ab circle to good use!
Big congrats !!
You become a champion by fighting one more round. When things are tough, you fight one more round. -James J. Corbett
So exited for saturday :)
' Campaign #Drew4TWsCrew never ends till i see that Tigerfist after I give you the perfect read
Haha! Yee Haw! Where was this at?! In IL?! :)
follow me please and happy new years
I seriously feel my throat swelling up on me, hard to brefff :/
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District, Multi-Site, Territory, Area or Regional Manager position for the new year!!! Call me, Ema…
Grabner deflects a shot from the point out of mid-air to end the shutout streak and get the #isles on the board, #Flyers 3, #isles 1
Thanks to all who came out Sat. for 'Jazz for Japan' at Vitellos Jazz Club! Thousands will be given to the Red Cross for Japan Relief Fund!
I voted :)
I keep my circle small I don't need new friends
Have a great weekend man. - OG from Austin
Looking @ the moon, but can't wait till the sun comes up!
let's tweet baby....
Mountain biking at Dryer! :-)
Congratulations to Conrad Electronic Benelux for winning 's Best in Class award. Amazing work!
Haha, I'm glad you like!
watchin g.i joe til i ok
People who say "I DIDN'T COME FROM NO DAMN MONKEYS!" have obviously never picked up their underwear off the floor with their feet.
Great to be working on some fun new branding work for Goodwill with and team at Lots of scanning - love it!
YEP I Know it, Its a Close game though!
and look beast
Its even worst when u get in the mood to wrap & u run out of tape. Lol
Sweet auburn festival saturday 3pm Dobbs stage Solstar = good vibes
love this!!!
it just seemed like the refs where not fair on both ends of the court, but very excited #Bucks got the W!
The answer to my prayer was always you.
#DCcomics doing the prequel #Beforewatchmen & Alan Moore does not approve #howisthissurprising (congrats to )
#google is awesome right now
At flight for a cure golf classic....beautiful day for golf!
I'm busting out this English project that's due tomorrow
RT : Chat with me at 2pm on Wed. on the Facebook page. Like the page today and let's talk tomorrow....
oh! hahah:D i see i see; character limits can be a pain--good practice for shortttalking :D keep me posted!
Wow, you're just a badass.
Mind over matter?
It’s a glorious day in the Village! Come on by and keep the good times rollin’ with Pub Quiz and food & drink specials tonight at 7:30.
so my mom's buying me classes with deke i'm kind of excited to start on this path!!
Sweet boneless wings have been flying out of this place come check it out tonight! BDW is the place for awesome prebar food!
Obviously is a rare opportunity, but how many drivers will be bringing their phones in car the rest of the season?
z pack and steroid injection
I know its bull.
": Found my way to Toby Keiths #vmwarepex" <-- nice to meet you!
Doctors. It's been way too long. Like 5 years?
this Monday or next Monday?
See ya in the funny papers!
If you don't want to be spoiled then why are you reading a website dedicated to exposing the business?
Clutch time
congrats! Tonight is the best part!!
I'm thinking it's a good day for our BBQ Chicken Pizza.
"LOL Am I the only one who found this hilarious? "How does Lady Gaga like her meat?" "Raw raw raw raw raw!"
Bobble heads? That is so lame.
will do! I haven't been to Florida in ages. Traveling with a toddler is worse than jet lag.
well looks like u fixed it!
Hit "LIKE" if you really could have used a longer weekend
oh, lol my bad. It's Lily's husband's name on the show.
#vsa2011 Non-visitor studies, now on to non-patrons of live classical music, interesting.
The weather is getting warmer & what’s better during the heat than eating some locally grown fresh fruit from the Hillcrest Farmers Market?!
hold up hold up ha where?? when?? omg what!! a carnival??!! i LOVE
Financial Literacy Series: Do You Know Your Grace Period ...
haha, I just say what's on my mind(:
RT : Good things come to those who work their asses off. I have almost no ass left.
War time TwitterFam. So this stupid bitch Melina Gaines messaged me like 20 times sayin peeps sayin bad tings bout me.
it was way too much fun tonight!!! Thanks so much!!
Where r u from?
Wearing an outfit identical to a 70-yr old woman's at work. I would invite a "who wore it better" contest, but... she'd probably win.
MS must have finally got rid of the “farecast” brand when they bought it a while back. They’re using for the flight fare predictions
Haha I remember Martin. Too bad Rachel and I couldn't arrive at the same time. I saw her in LA last May.
I came home with candy but I was too late...I was too late.
Watching "Abduction:" Where did this tool find such a nice train car? That's BS.
How boring to be a boring individual.
who the hell is the guy from the bodega talking to on his bluetooth every minute of the day, is he just saying what we buy into google voice
Looking for a #job? #YergerTech is hiring! Design & customize #smartphone #apps. Send your #resume to
Facebook must be a Patriots fan.3x a day,it tries to subscribe me to Ochocinco,Brady or Welker.I've got my &
We have a new apartment! Moving on up to Wicker Park!
where has been day?
Philippines had most disasters in 2011
#OkcThunder not playing wit this years
The #Rupaulsdragrace Bitches shouldn't be snapping off their wigs!
Thanks for the follow friend!
#followfriday - an incredible friend and Reiki practitioner!
My iPhone's been sick. Special thanks to for the emotional support.
good. you never know with people, but at least i can still be following you in good conscience ;)
haha, yup. I just don't get it. They dunk like every other possession....neato. Seems like everyone is 6'6"+
her only fucking thing she had to do and she forgot to put the film in what the fuck was she doing for 5minutes!
Explaining to my grandma what a "baby daddy" is. Lol
Just finished studying!!!! Was at 's house
ahh I have work tomorrow :( but you'll see me after for sure
Investing in Unloved Stocks Requires Vision, Patience
I propose a new definition for TGIF.
not gonna sleep tonight gonna be thinkin of you too much
ditto! #thanks again Steve!! #FoodieChats <U+2764> “: Missed you again Hope to see you at one event in 2012 ;)”
Just got some bus tix to a client and his dog Eclipse in
but shoot me a mail at with your contact details and we'll put you on the guest list as a comp ;)
#Running Drill: Skipping with Long Strides- Skip lightly, stepping from one foot to the other with a long stride.
I love my iPhone but BlackBerry still the best business phone!!!
Comedian Eddie Griffin is coming to Pittsburgh May 26, Monroeville Conv Ctr, Call 412-368-8191 for details! This show will sell out!
Anybody in L.A. go to Iris yet?
like! I should follow suit
i keep trying to google a picture for you but spam pops up...
I dont believe in love at first sight ... I believe in love at first fuck
Also, Infante is out today and tomorrow.
Have you thought about selling your new iOS courses to other training providers? Can't swing the travel to take your class ;)
That's good news! GoGo Sushi is probably the best sushi place in the OKC Metro area!
I hope more rest for us
Further info on relevance evaluation metrics MAP and MRR can be found in wikipedia per Sadeh
Thank you followers!!.,,,,,
All way
I officially have to ban myself from buying almond butter--especially Justin's maple--ever again. Can't be normal how quickly I go through!
:( but I've missed you!!
good gifts!
Sneak peek for the Twitter Tribe?
Lmao slacker RT : What the?!?! I haven't tweeted in 3 days?! There. I feel better. Carry on, tweeple.
oh we got spoonfed in the van baby
School and then last day of work for like 5 days... I just wanna go back to bed.
follow and please :D x38
Crackers and ramen. Yum...
Looking forward to hangin 'Sau style.
"The only limits in our life are those we impose on ourselves."
Should win!!!
If ur a tennis ball at the US Open, I bet it's a sad day when you're forced into retirement on some old lady's walker.
Well....I used to know a Little Debbie in college...
Sounds like a good idea to me!! RT : If I drank every time Danica's spotter said "momentum" I'd be hammered right now.
It must have been in the mid 1980s when I saw him at Carnegie Hall in NYC
I really love Anna Calvi's work.
I always knew you had super powers ;-)
I heart little jimmy
I have a #15 corona jersey on right now
Exercising and following a balanced diet both are vital for preventing diabetes
Woof! RT : Can I get another woof?
thanks you too.
So, apparently everything is in 3-D now. Huh.
Lmao ! Thank You ^.^
more Wisconsin sucks, you guys didn't score a bucket for like the last 7:30....very clutch Jake
Lol yup it's def a blessing! RT : nice
While little sister occupies the bathroom getting ready for work, I'm getting my history on with clash of the gods.
wisdom teeth pulled this morning. I am out of it. :/
Ever tried replacing stock with Better Than Bouillon? One of our favorite products and offered in Organic and Vegetarian :)
heading off to my 1st local #polyamory party since the leader who thought I "wasn't poly enough" left. I made Polyamory Potluck Polenta!
I feel like I'm eating something at Mc Donald's!
“There is only one valid definition of a business purpose: to create a customer.” Peter Drucker
What would you ask the spokesman of the French Embassy ? Luis Vassy answers your questions here TODAY from 4:30 to 5PM
is one of the top Mcs in the game!
gonna have to watch the #WolowitzWedding on my Dvr later... love #bigbangtheory !!!
like us on fb
Let the fun begin #RumpusRoom great
Lois McMaster Bujold~ An honor is not diminished for being shared.
when filing
probably the same illiterates who think they drink "Kettle"
Its a beautiful day! Anything exciting going on in your world!
If you have a dead body in ur trunk can u go in the hov lane?
oh no problem... Let us know how we can help u. Party hosting, models for videos, street team, ect. Get at us
Bill Shore of SOS gave a great talk on nonprofit growth strategy to address intractable problems at Blue Cross Blue Shield of MA yesterday!
First Hill streetcar closer to contract approval. Ready soon to break ground and WILL come through Pioneer Square
we met years ago. Had dinner a few time downtown Summit NJ with you and your dad. You need to see our program.
The other 2 members of Derrick Comedy were on community last night!
Will do! RT : If you ever come to Boston let me know :)
thank you! We need more guys like you :/
Alright alright alllllriiiiiiiiggghhht
Okay so now I have conquered hang gliding, race car driving... what's next?? I'll give you a clue we'll be somewhere at Six Flags! Wink!
Still the attitude of the 1%: "I do not want a nation of thinkers. I want a nation of workers." --John D Rockefeller
Thanks for the follow Becca. Hope you're doing well.
can i get a hi or something to brightn up my day ive been sick all day
need to get my followers up
...We're feeling generous and still want to give away a prize! So...
no no, I got your point. I just wanna be annoying
Thank you so much!
"When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all."
then...Brother!
Yes, we are now open in the evenings! :)
Ha,bitches come and gone like basketball games but ay say stay on the sideline and I'ma stay on da court
A man never likes you so well as when he leaves your company liking himself.
no bread either!!!
going out to get thai food with my favorite little 10 month old and her mommy!
It's perfect outside, day rager with some BBQ??
I heart SASS and use it when I can. Trickier in projects where not all coders know the syntax, though rules are better organized.
SOMEONE TEXT ME. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
they'd give you the pity pass to Hollywood.
How are you doing? Looks like your fingers have neen taking a hammering! Can't wait to hear the results... Hope you're well
most likely? (x better?
#Steele, Hex. Neoclassic space opera hits the tropes - intergalactic federation of assorted aliens, dyson sphere, hyperspace, human foibles.
First step to greatness is believing you already arrived.
Lil Wayne better enjoy his freedom ,
Stephen Abram: metaphor: library is a constellation in the sky
I'm intrigued, you'll have to update me on your process/progress.
epic shizz today!
Tonights Clipper game is gonna be interesting, Memphis has gotta be mindfucked after blowing that 27 point lead last game.
RT : A4: Above all remember that third-party recruiters and corp recruiters may see things differently. <who's better :)>
But not to take away from your tweet. I am laughing over here. That is a super example of title force. . .
It is official MBU will face Wash U in the #GRLC DII Championship tomorrow at noon
We're looking forward to our trip to Washington, D.C. for CPAC next week!
We are the storytelling hub. Fiction only. Books and Movies. If you're a reader, a movie lover, a writer, you'll want to follow us.
Tastes so good, makes a grown man cry, looks so good brings a tear to your eye
St. Patrick's day has come early to our house w/ all the fixin's. The Walshes/Welshes would be proud.
Dallas ISD Helps Struggling Black Female Students - NBC Dallas-Fort Worth
I vote yes for "edge of seat." I'm there with you.
r u planing on having any $15 tickets for la galaxy game?
happy 4 u
wtg! Good luck on the submission!
finish packing 2morra then head to with Friday then sat we r kicking off our road trip to Florida! So pumped
is it so much to ask for shit to JUST FUCKING WORK? Does EVERYTHING have to break ALL THE FUCKING TIME?
Not really into games till I get back to the City!
Readn latest Downbeat Magazine. Fewer n fewer print mags left. Like that they've broadened their coverage. Hope they make $ to keep printing
look at my last couple of tweets there is a link in one of them to say something
NAIA rooms are going fast!! Book now while there is still availability!!
why do you keep getting hotter and hotter?
I'm thrilled to have been selected for the #44Social team next year! Quite fitting that I found out via Twitter.
Lou has never, in his life, known the score of any game he was playing in.
I really need a thinking shower bc #oomf just loves throwing mixed signals at me uh fml!!!
awesome time at home opener last night and great win. Intros need some more energetic music though, wasn't hype enough.
Its going to be a beautiful day!
The clique: the sequel
We are a proud sponsor of this years <3
Similar to other word for something you can't unsee. RT : Hashtag for the ward 5 special election:
Celebrities shining light on important issues! RT will be on the tomorrow re: #engagingmen to prevent
Thank you very much!
RT : I'm the chuck norris of #parking. Hilarious yweets
It's Earth Day this Sunday, what are your plans?
Old settlers comin up
smiling, and waving back :)
I'll never get why the city spends a lot of $$$ to puff its muscles for a PEACEFUL protest. More dictionaries needed?
That joint spa deal I got with John Travolta via Groupon seems a little fucked up now
thanks bro! Glad that you're digging
Say what?! Nothing compares to Big Red.
I hope that Club Ride jersey on your Twitter page has been retired. I just bought one like it. There can be only one. ;)
How do your boys always know who gets kicked off AI? I watched just to see if Hollis was right - impressive!
Getting married? Know someone getting married? Let LGBstudio.com create your place card and table decor!
why aren't you at school?
flirt so more ;)
Does your mom want to see it? My mom does! We could do fish fry again at Hollander in Tosa and see it at Mayfair. Let me know!
Not top 10 is the best way to start Friday!
Fantastic STH event tonight at the Highlight Factory! Special thanks to , coach Drew and his entire staff!
are you the oldest of the bunch? haha
thank you dusty, I'm sayin
Is it me or does everything seem to be much brighter than before?
Wonder what kind of parties the drug cartels have...
The Free People store just got to me. I am $73 less rich now.
I will keep all of that in mind when my pre-ordered Dvds arrive lol. I do like a good Holmesian interpretation.
thank you co-founder!!!
wow, such beauty.
A 55 year old woman is trying out for the Dallas Cowboys cheerleaders. She better be careful. She could break a hip!
Today is Martin Brodeurs 40th birthday and he is still shutting down all these young players>>
Doing the exact same here
RIP Junior Seau. You were one bad dude.
u like to change ur icon alot don't u?
RT “: Backup QB press conference. Only Jets regime would take that on.”....."Dream Team"??? >> VY didn't have mega-PC
this is how we do it, all hands are in the air, refunds from here to there, throwin up w-2's everywhere!
i cant take chubby niggas serious.
Research participation is due Monday?
it was! easy, fun, delicious AND healthy!!
Playing with Miami on 2k dats dat shit I don't like
i did too bae
You know dude probably showed up at some kids house with booze, fireworks and some candy and out came Chris Hanson.
$450 Custom website designing. Reg:$699.Today only Twitter Special. Retweet please
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. Napoleon Hill
That looks a lot like our lobby walls (of course we love it)
Our great debate of the day: Which muppet would be the best archivist?
hope your having fun at rehearsal. I'm a Belieber. <3 Love ya (:
congrats you've won a $100 gift certificate to !
girl that performance was #legendary!!!!!
Whr the Parties at Today Lol
Watching the "Biggest Looser" and eating ice cream. Is this worng??? ;)
Apologies for the premature 16 August 1849 tweet. I am not used to this 21st century technology!
At Home w/ Rabbi Kassorla: Thursday, Feb. 24, 7:30 p.m. at the home of Michelle & Craig Rich, 2175 Dunwoody Heritage Drive, Atlanta 30350.
We're so sad to miss you. Live vicariously thru our tweets, and we'll re-live #MarcusThomas75 when we see you this summer.
saw the most adorable little happy baby, @ eatnagoya.com where I'm Serving/Training, Satnight I wanted to play with the baby but had2work
he said Rocky you've met your match, and Rockie said Doc it's only a scratch..
Best Christmas Eve *ever*! Currently enjoying some great Beaujolais together. Merry Christmas everybody, from Belltown
Happy Cyber Monday!! What's the best Lichi deal you're going to get today?The first one to guess right gets the whole line free!!
everything good bro?
RT : We discussed today in our class today. is doing some really cool stuff with...
:) What time does MCS go on tomorrow?
Thanks for the interest, keep looking back here, one never knows what we will be able to do in the future.
I wish I understood the profound love I have for fried chicken... At least I only crave it during the day.
I found a cure for Twitter addiction; it's called 'Logout.'
Smith: ontologies shouldn't be built by data-modelers. Domain experts know their info, & don't make implementation-specific assumptions.
I'm Jonesing to Golf
ha what are u up to these days
Hanging out at #networkuncommons til 330.drop by & say hi!
. Georgetown. But only if it's Georgetown Liquor Company.
The Trucks will be at Hollywood Young Circle Arts Park for a event!!
why go back to a hoe? instead of being with someone faitful?
Going to my internship for the first time in while.
Thanks for the mention, Robin!
Run shadowfax. Show us the meaning of haste!
Thanks to everyone who came to St. Sabina to see "The Interrupters"... For attending Afro Latino Symposium...
Good talk with and ! I love my best friends. <3
You both need to be my agents. You've come up with better ideas than I have in the last year.
Corey Hart's due to hit one outta here...
Without goals and plans to reach them, you are like a ship that has set sail with no destination. - F. Dodson
trying to figure out what's up with campusfood.com.
« S/O 2 ur all #style» thanks luv.. right back at ya!
Keeping most if your thoughts in your head really gives you an altered perception of life.
Hey, you changed your avatar pic. No more pixelation issue.
Rain, no problem. I will still show up to change your oil or work on your vehicle at your home or office.We come to you for a change
": My co-worker weighs 118lbs and taking diet pills...yea...she's white!"<<< lmao even if u ain't say she was white, we knew
how r u
Cany wait for the movie to come out in September !
I'll send my college loan bills to the White House
Haven't been on here in a while, just getting ready to go to school with my wife
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you. - A.A. Milne
whoa, buddy! way to go! how was it? is that your big one? just 12 today for me, my 18 is next week. keep pushing me!
You're the man.
This means we are separated from each other
please follow ===> and
The average computer user blinks 7 times a minute, less than half the normal rate of 20.
Team USA is Foxy
A h/t to for signing all those copies of "Boston: Inspirational Women" w/me at F1 Boston for Mass. Fallen Heroes fundraiser.
Taking a long shower at your parent's house after 2 straight months of touring rules. Mildew is gross people.
Thanks for the follow. Were you planning on coming to our event Dec 23rd?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> <---- my face when watching the fresh prince hahahaha :D
My #TieMeUpTuesday isn't quiet over yet. Isn't that right, Ms. ?
no tweets from Julie? aww she's enjoying her honeymoon<3
glad you're enjoying your dinner
can't see that one. Martin gag!
#Kids are about to go #run #outside for a bit before bath & bedtime.
Vibing to Pandora's 2Pac channel right now...
Nick Carter is on the Dr. Phil show crying about his drug use. Suck it up buttercup.
#ThingsiThinkAboutWhileTextingYou I Wish You Were A Mind ~ Reader
IM WEARING A PINK TYE-DYE SHIRT TO!!!!!!!!!!! and guess not..
aw I love you (: MERRY CHRISTMAS BEAUTIFULS <3 <3 (:
Who has time to Delete their followers to look like more people are following than they r? Shows dedication 4 u to follow back. To me.
boring!!!!! go for the butt! BUTT! BUTT! BUTT! BUTT!
Oh, I love it! Thank you... I saw beautiful hues like that bathing the Space Needle as I came home today! So pretty!
Liked that one :)
he didn't do too bad
If I were to make a promo that was a #Kickstarter exclusive, what should it be?
Our ribbon cutting for our #Tulsa cafe will be at 10:30 AM - please attend, all are welcome!
Continue to pray for Derrirck!
I'll sell ice in the winter sell fire in hell I'm a hustle baby I'll sell water to a whale !!!!
Still DEAD @ "jizz everywhere". That Aziz standup was so freaking hilarious.
Thanks! is a fun project to talk about.
Being the awkward couple with
You should come wash my car also!! :) lol jk
thanks for the RT, see you at
not the worst, but the most overrated RT time for the worst player in baseball to get something done here
love you momsterella!
wanna make your sandwich xtra yummy? toast the bread & then sprinkle shredded cheese on each slice. microwave for 15 seconds & fix as usual.
Dear band who sent a press kit to where I had to go to post office to pick it up thinking it was going to be something important, fuck off.
Thanks for the Retweet!!
Out showing some beautiful Tampa Bay homes
i should have asked you to live tweet that class this semester. I miss Professor Maaatin
Unless there's some secret method I don't think you can
My basketball team sucked tonight... We lost!!
travel safely, hope to c u soon.
Had an awesome session with 2 beautiful actresses today! Great shots to post soon!
Get Eggcited for Easter! head to partner restaurants and for easter brunch this sunday!!
One day we gn have to get married
PHILLY BOUND
#Worldcup c'mon... lets start picking the teams... less explaining more picking...one team has been picked!!!
que paso??
ahh good day at school. you find out who your true friends are everyday. xx
“: Brad Paisley trades in the cowboy hat for a beanie #ACMs”
" GOLLY GEE MEGAN YOU'RE SUPER ATTRACTIVE" I'm aware of this statement. Right back at cha. :D lolol.
What the hell just happened?
it takes a #Baller to know one!
Great timing Landlord. Homie checks out our toilet (aka bowl of eternal stench) just as I was done with it. He decided we need a new toilet.
Baltimore is just beautiful tonight.
Purple remedy for yeast infections
always hoping for a single tweet from
Don't forget to LIKE our OFFICIAL FB Page!!! Keep supporting our YOUTH they need us
I wish I could go I'm stuck volunteering until 6 and I really wana see to room for rockstars!!
Posting your #flashbackfriday photos on today? We want to see them! Be sure to include in your caption. :)
Would love to see Tiger as a "brand" get back to his roots. Tell us/show us why you love golf. Less robotic + more personal
Even if you do learn to speak correct English, whom are you going to speak it to? Clarence Darrow (1857 - 1938)
:*) thanks Peter. That means a ton.
Great video. First saw it back in February; tweeted it then. NBA should include a H-O-R-S-E competition in All Star weekend.
when people can't spell out a three letter word
If you haven't been. Go.
Wish I was anywhere but here the only thing keeping a smile on my face is you <3
RT Colin cowherd's a loser
Mitt to release 2010 and "draft" 2011 taxes on Tues. Not enough. You stopped offshoring $ when decided to run for Prez. But before?
Swing by the social media command center & see what's trending ! Don't forget to tweet #SXSWedu & #LAUNCHedu hashtags!
i hate it in disturbia when shia makes that twinkie castle
#FF The best U.S. forensic psych info I have found on twitter.
this week going by fast already
For those of us who are followers of Christ this is a special weekend. The 3 greatest words ever spoken or written: He is risen!
looking forward to your tweets and new tagline
Does lang change how we think abt & experience the world? Is thinking in Turkish different than in English?
I would be tempted too. It's so succinct! Though, a report w/ sections corresponding to each frame would equally rock ^_^
just keep swimming :D
got it. see you then.
at one point, I thot ur name was pernounce may-o. I dont know wtf was wrong with me.
Boys are like math. U spend forever trying to figure them out & when u think u have the answer, its either incorrect or someone got it first
I'm sorry there isn't a "clear history" button between your legs
Hoping that does another Ustream next week. Even if its just for 10 minutes.
What has been your favorite thing that you have seen so far at the #NRAShow?
It's 10:30 on a Thursday night. Good luck with that.
WHO WANTS TO TAKE ME TANNING?!
Oh good! Does Skokie have an account yet?
Oh goody. is showing highlights of the 1987 NCAA championship game. Ugh.
We will have Happy Hour till 7PM Monday-Friday ---Come on in and get $1 off Pints and $2 off rails!!
LMFAOOOOOOOOO @ all of the Yankees fans sitting down quiet after that double play!!! HAHAHAAA!!!! FUCK YOU PRICKS!!!
S/o to and her new lover <U+2665>
I am, but my girlfriend and I were hanging out in Salem yesterday.
Everyone is feeling this across the board, including private school students. No longer is there a free flow of grants & aid.
Really interesting article.
easily there games just be at different places
So how many of you teens have a Kik? Add me if you do! Angelkake529
When I searched Justin Bieber, the last person that came up was Selena Gomez.
cool, I'll probably get a job this summer because I really want to save up to move out. haha.
Closed a 2K deal for someone to feature with me today. Such a business lady =) And "Rehab" comes out in less than 20 days!!!!!!
lmbo! You already know! He just need a reason to pull out the grill! Lol
The hours blend and your thoughts all haunt your hopes, your dreams your everything
Ouch. : “: The Jeremy Lin puns. They need to stop.” agreed! This linstant!!!
Just found out a preacher friend deleted me on Facebook...you can lead people to Christ, but you can't discuss things like a man...ha!
We have selected our venue for our Feb. 29 dance event! Stay tuned for deets - this will be a fun fun fun fun night!
Going past NYC looks so beautiful at night
Finally it seems the Chargers are settling down with another first down with Floyd
pretty in PINK Picture upload failed
why did you delete your facebook?
Outstanding day for Green Bay
Smoking Gun ~ johnny walker red blended scotch whiskey cherry heering / sweet vermouth fresh orange juice
I have found that people think im stuck up because I dont talk a lot. If you knew my me, you would see I just have trouble opening up to ...
Time to crawl out from under my rock.
Not to worry. There was a cat card. (cc: )
nice slide it in
waitwut? What time? O.o
LOL. Whenever my husband misses it I tell him what happened. Esp. when its something really bloody. He indulges me!
Sounds great, except the part where they cut care to illegals and payments to hospitals to achieve this "success."
I bet that's "kimchi" : craving kimuchi ramen so badly.
Share your passion about what you do. Networking tip from ,
A person? Who are you?
oh yeah ? I swear i didnt see all day at school ? and you didnt find your man , after testing ?
Who the hell does that to their starting pitcher? LMAO
Happy anniversary I love u
Finally finished editing my prologue & chapter one ... switching points of view is really hard work!
**CREDIT** TO 100K IN 4-10 DAY'S CREDIT CARDS/CASH LINES. 720+ SCORE **NO DOC'S** NO UP FRONT FEES** <U+200B>OM
Yep! Consistency is a must... tho hard when editing an anthology where Black, black, African(-)American are used interchangeably.
Stupid headphones that don't work!! Ugh!
FACT: More than one fifth of the nation’s two thousand poorest-performing high schools are located in rural areas.
#FF thanks and welcomes new follows and Move your way!
Im home waiting for you :-)
found a really interesting document that poses one of those interpretive issues that is both rewarding and problematic.
I just watched the interveiw. I never thought I could love them more. <3 Omg.
The #blood still works!
Merry Christmas everyone! Have happy holidays and I will see you all at The Bard's Town January 7th! -Jake
SUNDAY FUNDAY is upon us. No work tomorrow so you have no reason to miss this! Come try one of our 15 new bottled beers!
im mexican and im proud of it. you dont need to make fun of me for what i am. you deserve everything you got done to you.
can u dm him saying my name plz
#30thingsaboutme Thing #1.) I'm a rock band.
Aww love Mrs Obama on 'The biggest loser', so inspiring
You know who I'd like to see in movies...
yeah bruh. I go to Oceana
.is there a station out there who doesn't play the same songs over and over again!
Since the 3 mo #job my family was counting on & were told we had, was not. I won't b doing free promo
Came back from 3 weeks on the road to no electricity and a toothache! Sigh... Blog/videos/etc. from the AWESOME trip ASAP!!
man I need to go when it's cold here. Like October or November.
thanks for following... looking forward to your tweets!
Fuels your mental and spiritual being to effectively fuel your physical
Heading to for the start of #dcdrinkup. Who knows where the night will take us? Keep an eye here so you can join the party!
mad skills bro.
HA that's funny :D but hey everyone is gonna attend anyways! Lol
Good luck to all of the #MiniMarathon participants this morning! I wish I were joining you.
“: lets teach each other things.” Sounds good
Tried eating healthy and was doing well, till today. When I ate about 10 pieces of bacon
Watching mission impossible with doesn't want to watch it with us :( boo <3
Just booking a huge job in Miami!! Excited filming soon!!!
“: Why not bring on another defender or at least a defensive mid? Lots of questionable coaching decisions tonight!” terrible!!
"And the whole industry wanna 'fawk' your old chick. Only n*gga I got respect for is Wiz. And I'll admit, I fell in love with Kim..."
I only spent 60 bucks at the I <3 Hanson store. That is a serious accomplishment. Also I got a Hanson pot holder. Hahaha
what the problem is?
BURGERS, FRIES, SHAKES!!!!!!!! We have it all and we're open until 8! Come check it out!
"10 minutes" is generic term for "whenever" RT: have you noticed it only delays service by ten minutes? Every single time?
timeouts. if they are yellow, they haven't been used yet.
I hate when you see someone you dated and those feelings for them kinda start to come back.
is a great astrologer
I hope you stayed up to watch this game!!!! #GoCougs!
girl, name the time & place!
Is that Zanesville?
MY CAR WAS TOWED! Ah!!
Thank god! lets raagee! No late night porn tonight man!
I blew the speakers on my headphones!
ah THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!! :) Like I said, I still have a long way to go, but I'm very proud of my success so far
BanJoTour (banjotour) thanks for the follow.
People these days Dont know when to stop The Nonsense....
im new
Hanging with my boy ramez and in malibu its a very nice day .
TONITE: Be a part of my MUSIC VIDEO being shot live at my gig: www.theredcanarychicago.com 8-11:30pm LIVE JAZZ, film crew, great food, patio
definitely. It's gotta stop!
Say what?
yes! He does make me happy :)...I love him. The only thing is the family thing tht I cnt control
el oh el!
Cry For Cuts And Stitches Not For Bastards And Bitches.
You got an iPhone ?!!
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions
You're entitled to a day off like everybody, chill and enjoy, worry about the 95k tomorrow.
Thank the sports gods! Baseball season is here!!!
ah I just seen Too snakes Sliden Up the side Walk Like we in The Gladees
I have an exam tomorrow morning & if I don't pass it I don't get my high school credit for Algebra. No biggie right? :(
yes great legs honey
I wish Jack Davey and Brook did an LP of just rhymes+beats. She got flows!
Thanks for mentions!
I always wonder what people think of me when they first see me.
At #uwebc marketing meeting. Nice slide from Shoutlet showing effect of overlaying marketing activities onto results to make decisions.
well dont you look fantastic.
There is no worse sound in the universe than that pop-y, dance-y, techno-y music that plays on the radio and everywhere you go in LA!!!
Watching the vampore diaries so excited
Getting ready to teach more zumba classes! New shoes, music and ready to shake it out!
Thank you for the retweets! You are an amazing person! If I can help you in any way please contact me at my www.innothinkgroup
I'm going to college with my da for nursing trials Tomorow
last six baby girl. 3-1-2. That's from your own tweet.
#ThingsThatINeed my boyfriend, , and family.
lol not yet bro give a year or two , it depends on our progress in the relationship , and how she behaving well how we behaving
Hope you're watching on (no relation) will be on in a few. Her new is off to a good start.
Seriously can't deal with this right now.
Still have a crush on Leonardo DeCaprio. He just keeps getting better.
nigga i got plans but not for everybody to know
Omg this lady keeps singin you are not alone.....its driving me crazy
Ive got some issues that nobody can see...
Best way to access internet radio: THE HOME-BASED BUSINESS SHOW is thru www.worldtalkradio.com...Fridays at 12:00noon Eastern Time!
if you're reading this FUCKING TEXT ME
you guys couldn't top STL again, not making it easy. When #ToTE drops, steroids sect. contrast w/ beautiful fog on field tonight...
I'm going to do my best to avoid getting teabagged today.
what ya gettin?!
finals already?!?!
Getting ready for this Superbowl party. Needing alcohol. lol
I've been teaching a class at Emory University and topics related to #adaptivechat have come up recently. Looking forward to it!
Awesome episode last night Peter. I know a Stones song "Gimme Shelter" was used.. is there a list of the other ones? -David
"She's falling apart."
47 #AmeriCorps Legal Fellows and 6 staff from will be at the Equal Justice Conference in Jacksonville! Will you be there?
What idiots stood up to give that a standing ovation? I saw at least two.
Man the company sponsors for the Superbowl and Pro Bowl Parties in Miami are broke as "HELL"! I hope the game would be good at least..!
'Pick yourself up' the massage therapist said while reaching for an afternoon cup of coffee thinking really, massage is a way better fix.
Exec Dir James Mayer speaking. Talking about CAFwd govt accountability ballot initiative.
I was born to make mistakes, and I'll die with all of my lessons learned.
Earthquakes n shit
nice dude! I went to visit UCLA a couple of years ago and last year went to see AFI.
I am definitely biased but I wouldn't make the switch until you have checked out our latest devices like the Galaxy S ll
Ladies: Please stop dating bitch niggas and complaining about them. It's YOUR fault you're dating them.
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :Why were there many eggs underground in Shibuya?
Our coffee will get your tail wagging on Monday morning!
HACKNIGHT! let's make things.
poor mini 50 Cent??! What about poor ME?????
going to get my dress fitted
I need help I am having a CRUSH on a Bad Guy ! BrackiinHalf <U+2764> what do I do ?
#Angels are facing a rookie lefty. That's a recipe for disaster. Looks like Twins may have found a diamond in the rough
I organize the icons in my dock by shape. Squares to circles. FaceTime is the connector.
#SykesWantsBirthdaySex This fan base is great. :)
RT "A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on" - John F. Kennedy
when can you do the photo shoot?
last agenda item!
#Imagine Zayn kisses you, as he takes your hands and shyly smiles at the ground. He moves closer and his eyelashes flatter your cheek.
Time to beat procrastination again...this ones gonna be tough
Face time me!!
The only girl that had a shot at winning was #SkylarLaine, not that she's gone....JOSH or PHILLY :)
What a start lets go rangers
Hope I make some money tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
really surprisingly like . always manages to make me laugh.
I know my baby <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Just when you think things can’t get any worse, they do. I’ve learned that life is like hour glass sand. Sooner or
I would if you didn't live where Jesus lost his sandals!
I miss you too <3
Already Tweeters..Tweet on...been in the studio all day .. just now taking a break. I love this shit so much I get lost in it... Fllw & RT
Love callback auditions, now I wanna book it!
Weird looks-like-a-muffin-but-isn't thing topped with strange TBD orange spread. Sometimes the grossest-looking things taste the best.
No problem! I hope everyone at WTE is doing well! Keep up the good work, I am always checking out the blog!
Hell yea lol that demon level
My luv for people who talk loudly on their cell phones in public and the harmonious sounds of tambourines are in my mind... synonymous...
oh yeah I know right!
I expect a full report. I've already seen some strains from it today.
Oh Where oh where can I find a construction loan? Still hard to find unless the fundamentals of your site work as a rental.
Dear baltimore city, please pay your electric bill. #notrafficsignals in mount vernon
Have you heard about the Felix Lembersky exhibition coming this September?
OMG I would be so excited to go! I lost 12 lbs this season of and was so inspired :-).
Besides his inflatable bouncer phobia, Slim is fearless. I'll share the video (fr. phone) and the DVD I'm having done! Lol
I always worried when people said, "Don't worry, the tea party won't last." One should never underestimate fanaticism.
haha nice, gotta get one in us soon since Ur back
oh hello mr. Romzek(: what's my name again?
": pony?" never been to the pony what's it like? Lol
Wish I knew what you're thinking..
Everyone says power forwards take longer to develop at the NHL level...We have NO power forwards prospects and Koon isn't getting younger..
Bella is the best! I didn't go in for an up-do -- just a cut, but they had an up-do class this morning and wanted to play. :)
this lady does a lil shout everytime there team scores!
Tweeties Unite! We R on a Facebook friend recruitment drive. Please help Boys/Girls Club by joining group: Project 10 Experiment. Pls join!
Jennifer Lopez Says Adios To American Idol??
So annoying #naptime <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><U+270C>
Watching anime in panera while my husbands car gets worked on. Here for a few hours. Oh and we don't have headphones.
um it's Lexington market
Excited for another opportunity to get better in a lot of different ways...
Code bloat.
Rare internet connection at the job site.
Finished Neil Postman a few minutes ago. Suggestions for follow-up reading?
Happy Intl Syrah Day! Come celebrate with tasting flights that feature our single vyd and esoteric syrahs #hiphipsyrah !
very good videos
Me to RT : I might just do it ...:) i might just become
Feel like I haven't been on here in ages! Enjoying some family time 'unplugged!' hope all is well with everyone!
oh hey
lol CALL ME right now
Pikesville Track Classic
Crackin @ the high noon, shout out to everyone that ripped the stage
Apprct it. Thank you. “: Thanks for all the great podcast episodes! Was looking forward to every week. Will miss it.”
Cont... Stiles: I know it Keeps me up at night
drink water upside down
Nice pitch
Nah depends who you were with
We might just have to bring the crew down to for a lunch meeting soon!
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she has so funny tweets AND she FOLLOWS back 3
Everyone watched the vid i just tweeted its so funny plz watch it
#parenting Self-Regulation is the ability to soothe/calm oneself when upset. #Babies need to be taught this it isn't innate.
TRUTH, I AM A BEAST!! using it Right.....LOL see ya later, bye
wow smh you pay attention so well
RT : where talking about twitter in the 4th quarter happens.
Basically, bring in your own particular IP question/contract/case and get some feedback from the library's counsel.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
Food. Cartoons. Food. Ghost adventures. Music. Sounds good.
I'm going to slam dunk.
Excited For New Jonas Album 27
Ron Harper had boosties ...
Cat&#39;s life saved by local vets, Humane Society
I want to be the reason why someone is happy.
Nice catch! What else is biting?
on set for the video
Who are u? bitch who are u??
WTF? Has your account been hacked?!
": dont you say no tonight..." u on Kelly ain't u
NC Forward bus tour kicks-off with public input, staggering statewide statistics and knowledgable speakers...tour continues through Sept. 23
Our educators will be at this week's Pre-K K conference at the River Center. Stop by and say hi!
A boy will tell you he loves you but a man will show it.
Cinco De Sporting happens in 5 days! Girls get ready to get your chips & dip on!!
A Portland police officer is behind bars. He's facing sex-related charges. Details at 10&11.
It's the little things that break your heart.
This weather needs to decide if it's going to rain or not. Damn.
All I want to do tonight is ignore everyone, blast some music, drink tea, and paint untill I'm happy..
NF my girl I love your music.
African dance is awesome.
Homophobia isn't a great word. It confuses people. What it denotes isn't mainly about fear, but people get stuck on the etymology.
Folding clothes!
Sunny Colorado day - gotta get outside and DO something!
Bench better without Harris, though...
Would love to show them the final scene of Failsafe, but I don't want to ruin the ending in case any of them ever watch the whole film...
they are all swimminh
damn, I was hoping that would be the deal clincher to get you to move,,
In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins, not through strength but by perseverance. ~H. Jackson Brown~
great video about jobs, I was an Econ minor so I get all geeky about that crap..
I used to keep my lil nigga fresh with the best kush
If the Giants can't pull out a win over the Saints this week, well were fucked!
nah I sometimes do as well
nice deflection by the way
As I am planning my four days in California I am nearly breathless with how crazy my schedule is going to be! Phew!
“: wish I could bring my dogs back to school with me I'm gonna miss them so much" can I bring my rats?
Only a few more days to take advantage of our spring rose sale! Buy a case & we'll throw in 3 bottles FREE. This week only!
Thanks Blake for coming tonight. Looking forward to hearing you speak next month.
I love nights like this <3
Well back here again. All my programs for the week watched.
I go shopping xD
I dont know how you got my phone # but when I reply to your shitty offers with KLSTOP I'd appreciate if you would actually stop
The motivation for me is telling me what I can't be.
Rockies Reliever Joe Beimel joins The Score right now! Tune to 1510 to hear him weigh in on Ubaldo and his role with the team...
Want to paint but don't want to move.
sad at ain't it!
Nothin' beats a good cry to make you feel like a person again
congrats Rebecca on your Parenting Magazine cover!!
Where's Cleandra ?
Probably shouldn't have eaten that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> oh well...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
TEXT MY PHONE
lol! It's pay phone, by maroon 5.. Love it!
Cute Husky!
GOT NEW NFINITY'S!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Add them to my nfinity collection hahaha keeping these babies clean this time!
#bonerville is right!!!!
just asked a room full of actors what ur referencing. We're at a loss.
Hope your hour was happy! Did you join us for a drink?
That is a mama's job, I have done the same thing. Gotta look out for your babies!
Tornado warnings isn't it just great to live in new york
I hope you all are aware that I am going to have the best roommates next year. :)
I hope you're right on $AMZN. Looked strong otherwise...
Bunbury with Ana Patricia??!!!!
Goodnight you guys. <3
Our lunch meeting will be starting soon! Stick around, we'll be live tweeting the speaker and topics at hand...
yep. We all got student tickets. Currently @ Pickels watching her down a quesadilla. I'm holding out 4 stuggys
Verizon air card not working for a year....
Man: "Please, have a seat" Person: -takes chair- "Okay!" -walks out-
awful - it's coming down so hard here, def gonna be flooding in the morning
So many cool titles, wish we could say we will have them all, but #RSD12 looks pretty awesome so far!
Think peyton is regretting not going to AZ w fitz and now floyd?
; #YouLosePointsIf you compare me to my mother..
SO EXCITED you're coming back to the US! Viel Spass in Deutschland!
rt Do incentives work for u? What would motivate you to do the 1 thing you are resisting?
have you heard that joke they don't tell dumb ppl?
All vivotek cameras have been installed in the Technical Support building, please call 866-999-4936 to get access!
Im Placed my bet on Mayweather yet im working... #wishiwantworking RT : Whats your #money on?
Eek! Just picked up packets for the trolley trail run this Sunday! I need to run today but I'm having a cheeseburger instead. :P
I want #oomf right about now...at least I'm thinkin about her! On a "I just wanna chill" type situation!
Have you ever tried working out at the beach? :)
"I shrugged." There, much better.
I am so proud of you; I read your blog and you took a serious stand on talking about BULLYING! I was bullied myself!
oomf graduating tmr & still haven't brought me my fricking snacks she owe me -____-
Just saw the Google Maps car traveling down I-75. That's one interesting camera rig
well yeah i just dont want her 2 b hurt cause if someone hurts me then she`ll kill them
Thanks for the RT
Qwrap) Susannah Rockman-Lee Learning Technology Manager, thank you for the quality discussion and new technology to ponder.
Yes. It's horrible she felt the need to do it from all the hate she got.
what's up thanks for following back :)
I WOULD NEVER DO THAT TO A REAL BOOK!
Unashamed pleasure at seeing dbag backwardhat megatruck driver who was riding my ass get pulled over a few miles later.
playing/listening to She Is Love by is too chill to be legal
At the gym getting this workout on
I am going to believe I am a functional human being, then!
her 3rd birthday would of been Thanksgiving.
Happy travels!
What the he'll is going on with this "somebody saying bad things bout ya" thing? Its coming from everywhere & ppl r asking why I sent it!
RT.x1000000 ": Just thinking of how bomb it would be to be in wiz khalifa's shoes Like seriously"
damn right ol boy
How's everyone feeling today?
OMG..Paula Abdul is NOT returning to Idol..it is to early for this news..YIKES! Need coffee
did u notice? Only 3 followers away ha!
Finished Hunger Games now i gotta make time to see the movie this weekend
don't undrstnd the concept of getting them to play when only one can hack it in the bigs (Ichiro). I also have no Jap twit friends
Doubt it.
no I did first haha
This didnt prove challenging at all RT Number 1 Bullrider in Mason! Come to Crave and try and beat my 23 second record!
beer and pizza on my couch
I am 58,stopped work 10 yrs ago. Had stroke.too young to stop work!i loved my job!i dream almost everynite I am working
- you're gone frm facebook page, ashleigh is gone here - are you the amazing disappearing Burlesons? Sorry about your kitty :(
Apologize? F that. Don't do it, Show.
Thank you so much for the RT!!! Appreciate it!!
Good morning and thank you for the follow.
Tatum O'Neal I was raised by free-spirited people, though my father gave me a very strong work ethic
#WeWontWorkOutIf we can't have open debates without you getting angry
You know he is white right? lol... but he is asleep right now... I'll let him know in the morning...
it's British football. I had no idea so many folks I know follow it.
At for candidates forum for #NPS #advisoryboard member candidates.
its never too late .
when u factor in the bottom of the order being up I think the bunt was the right call. It just did not work.
listening to music, ahah in 20 minutes i'm leaving too. ;o i'm going to study. MONDAY TEST -.-
Ahh i love all these wonderful messages i'm getting for friends :)
Nice work Minos! We'd love to see more use of black and white in #revideo It's classy and serves as good contrast to color.
yes i did thank you but you still didnt talk to me as much..
AWW! That made ME smile! Haha (: those clips in your hair are freaking so sweet!! You're adorable! <33
ga ha! Good day to you also!
And there goes the thumb again
Yes! Follow to see all the new reggae we release this year! ROOTS
Friends with Benefits .(:
What's that, Rick Santorum? I couldn't hear you over the sound of history passing by.
miss you. Let's hang out soon. ;)
Awesome! Would greatly appreciate all the help we can get. Can you DM us your email so we can connect?
Ahem. ... plus a visit to Saint Francis Xavier basilica in Dyersville. camping along the Turkey River in Elkader, IA.
Seems pretty convenient how every time I "build character" My dad saves a couple hundred dollars...
Whoever knew rendering an anthropomorphic ball of yarn would be so time consuming???
yay! we just picked up alex from the coalition! he'll be with us at our show at tonight! join us!!!
FIRE & ICEsome say the world will end in some say ice from what ive tasted of desire i hold with those who favor fire but if it had to
the new twitter sucks
just trying to get into the chirping world of twitter. Sounds like it might be hard to do.
The ugliest girl is macking on my ex boyfriend #FTW lol
yeah I'm kinda weird about pissin in a clowns changingroom
I have yout number silly girl! (: but ill be calling you TOMORROW as in Wednesday
He better agree! lol
yo I'm watching this game and the Bucks can't close for shit ... got to get this basket here ...
I love my wife
what type of diaper are u going to use for Lucas???
Hey this is Sam, and I look forward to the go see for the Vodka promo. Thanks LG
no fool, you're going to take a video of you chugging one and then post it up on twitter next sunday
We got a major announcement that involves coming soon.
Success does not come to the timid, to those who wait, or those that follow. Success comes to the bold, the brave and those willing to risk
u better run baby run out run my gun!!
Twitter dead now or what? Muahaha
I got the "big guy" today too, from a very nice guy... I thought exactly the same thing.
Want to send a huge congrats to #RisingStar on his new gig with the -
I'm back; sad I missed Kemp Malone even though says she forgives me. said the speech was full of great ideas!
RT : Thinking bout this morning. Sending love and well wishes.Telling evry one I knw in LA about wht you're doing
Thanks for the
Can't you see that were just a beautiful mistake!
When i talk bout being from 87th Its cuz i am..#GermanoMillgate, when i talk bout 40'z of Ole E its cuz i done hit the liq sto on Commercial
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
I am not a bumble bee
I expected more from you
I'm in DC!
ACT retake today. Time to kick this test's butt.
yep especially seeing as they are actually decent players. Pepe doesn't have to play every game
WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEE MY SHELFLIST???
Come out, save money, and have a great time for a great cause!! What's better than an open bar and donating to cancer in the same night??
On the way to Jupiter, Fl to play the Cardinals. show makes this trip go by much better
Check out for luxury WordCampSD accommodations!
that's why I just shhhh till its over cuh<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Thx Jeremy. Love your slogan, "I keep on living... but I don't learn." Sounds familiar. Will check out the
Our good friend Peter Parts on phone! Reminding everyone to get tickets for benefit #wineauction & dinner coming up!
Thanks for the ultimate mix! Made the morning 6 miler a breeze!
vs in #mls fantasy this week. Who's gonna win?
God can this be finess lol
they're pretty easy to spot out.
I'm rude AF but DGAF
did u get the track
Thanks, Jen! See you at 5:15!
got it, hold up I have to download the video cause I reavtivated my phone today! I'll send it I'm a bit!
On this new talk show will you be yelling "you get a buff! And you get a buff! Buffs for everyone!!"?
can you just please follow me my dreams will come true <3 LOVE YOU JUSTIN
Amazing workout ... Wow !
Good morning Twitter Friends! Yay finally Friday! Have a nice weekend!
Improve your live tweeting skills at a workshop w/ 2/16 7 pm Studio
Heading to Atlanta tomorrow and then on to Augusta, GA to play the big post masters party at Country Club
I'm the same way, but with Law and Order SVU. Damn Mike Post, that catchy saxophone, and the amazing chunchun sound.
Sypher publishes book about Pitino encounter
Great weekend in AC catching up with old friends. Off to work & then Internet Society of DC meeting on the future of the Internet in 2020.
Oh no! That does not sound good for you or me. :( I am physically okay, emotionally not so much. Hard weekend.
Thanks for the RT, Jesse! So excited to watch !
Guess I will have to dry my tears with some tickets this fall! Right ?
that is right!!!! Come out and visit me in San Diego soon ok!!!
Right after HAM won the pole something happened to his car and the crew told him to park it where it was.
Wealth And Health <3
every time i leave you, it's like my heart gets weak
#Battleship for the win!
Please RT! I'm the 2nd nd mayb theres even more, tht got hacked! I got mine back before I could lose followers, but please ...
*1 ALARM FIRE* BOX T15-12 1100 Blk N Bond St East Balto smoke showing from a 2 story middle of the group OPS FG1
they loving the crew...love this song
Follow me on instagram if you haven't already>>>>
What goes up, must come down. This hangover is a doozy.
Punk Mob Au Point FMR - ça change.
High expectations are the key to everything. - Sam Walton
hahaa my booger was a yittle burnt actually! darn them!
on my way to LA! when i come back i will have my THIRD tatt =D
Welp RT : The Heat just canceled practice and will not have a media availability.
:). Wow! My heart is your, always and forever
Specyphi What you Believe.......
Thanks ! That means a lot! You're a talented lad.
Free to Love
"I find a duck's opinion of me is very much influenced by whether or not I have bread." Happy birthday,
Reel Big Fish Sticks
I've just have repaired my iPhone!!!)))
i miss you guys soo much :'(
It was We'll b able to thank her mad skills for this win.
Baby imma be ya motivation ;) <U+2764>
Ryan Hollins just finished a lob straight out of "Blue Chips"
If I'm ever homeless, My sign will say "betcha can't hit me with a quarter"
I used to be so active on twitter. What happened....xD
it was magically delicious!
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.~Buddha”
Americans on the average eat 18 acres of pizza every day.
Apr. 22 The Glenn Miller Orchestra will be at the Paramount Theatre in Rutland, VT. Show is at 4:00pm (2 hours w/intermission).
Our nannies go through a highly selective screening process -- we want the very best for you and your family!
Sorry.. was out of the game yesterday.. slept more than I normally do all night! Was much needed..
TY 4 ur support! RT : The Gala was a huge success last night! We feel honored to have been part of such a great cause.
need some new people to talk to hmu :)
Just registered for the PRSA New Pros social! This will be my first one! I'm nervous, but very excited to some familiar faces!
congratulations justin glad we do not know how to see that today you turn another year of life I want a kiss
jeff asked me to write pop lyrics for him a few years ago. i did. he didn't use them.
Great catching up with , , and at the #LAKings game! #LetsGoKings!
Callback for NHL. Cross those fingers.
Good to see you on Twitter! What is up?
Bought the cutest maxi dress from today!
Free wifi here >:)
In love with everyone in 1D <U+E327>
Come on over to our newly updated website. Visit us today at www.dogonwear.com Thanks for stopping by.............
They cancelled Lie to Me? :(
I'M CHILLIN
thanks!means a lot coming from you<3 goodluck on ABDC i KNOW ya'll will do AMAZING<3 !
I suppose solution, def nt d contrary.
Lost my I D damn it thats 31.25 for sum bullshit why dat shit so high doesnt make sense.. I remember when they were 15 bucks SMMFH
That's quite an endorsement from someone with award-winning hair according to
I usually chose by uniform & team crest. I love picking some 1 star team like Barnsley & beating ManU in the FA Cup...
TO #Caps after the icing. Both teams have used their timeout
Living in Boston right now, I try to stock up at Playboy events ha
Pau is a beast!!!
That's the name of our future metablog.
RT : My Weed? He Roll That. My Heart? He Hold That. My Back? He Got That. His role? He Play That. We're Happy. HATE ON That..
Need a few laughs, or funny people to follow, check out 's TL. And he gives great RT. If you're NOT following him, you're a dope
It is a very good game
Wow is going to make me cry with his press conference. =)
Great show tonight
#petsounds one of the best albums. Tonight's Beach Boys performance by #maroon5 #fosterthepeople was not
I think I'm going to need to spend some time at the keyboard playing Bach tonight.
I been busy but I didn't forget.
All these damn <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A4> outside my window chirping. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Get your pet used to a daily teeth brushing beginning at an early age
Now casting for paid shoots need fitness and glamour models in central Florida. DM for more info
Check our site to have grad trip cash gifted to you & you both then hop to NYC to celebrate. So insanely easy :)
#concert, Happy 4th everyone
Good morning world
I love you & you love me yeah? yeah ~
miss you my friend. We need to connect
Diet and exercise can help against seasonal depression
it's tethering my entire internet connection for the weekend. I can't just stop having it tether. :-(
Pheasant Sausage today! $4.75 w chips and drink its a $6 even!
Song 5: it is finished
D3 extends good luck wishes to E.K.!
Shout out to our NWA Project Manager ! :) Day complete, thanks for all that you do!
4 yr old flushed his tranformer underwear down toilet - was the movie really that bad?
I love doing that(:
we have it reeeallly good in msn - Steve, food not pretty at the show... unless you think bags are pretty...
I believe we're back to the lucite trophies this year
Nobody better even think about asking me to buy something they are selling for a fundraiser . NEVER EVER AGAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fact: 250,000 new synapse connections are made every hour you spend watching the new
It's Friday...I'm in love.
i need a texting buddy... or just a new friend in general
Coakley-Vidal saying someone answered "coochie" instead of "coquí" and not realizing what she said.
Aww, you are too sweet. I know that a new nook is not a necessary purchase.
attended a cowboy church did ya?
Yes I do favor me own tweets! Why? Because I am just that darn awesome
RT: HEY! Kick Ass Product Dev/Management experience? Holler at me, have a great opportunity for the right person...!
Are you in for #edcampCincy this year? October 15th!
Wow, I thought this week would never end! Hooray for some days off!
ha thinking about old memories is fun but sad.
You need to get too the Shadow Room. Atlanta's New networking spot on Mondays Shadow Room 3443 Covington Dr. 30032 on the Eastside!
Was cute to see Michelle Williams take her bud Busy Phillips to the #Oscars. So sweet.
Spread Jah Love!
Attending First Alaskans Institute Elders and Youth Conference- Dena'ina Center, Anchorage, AK
is in his beloved Appalachians!
just saying I love when you retweet me
She wont do anal sex? Then tell her you can do better
You know it! RT promises to personally ensure #blend12 enjoys Milwaukee
I seem to have collected a lot of hangers that make it extra hard to get clothing off of them.
you are the wind beneath our wings. Wings powered by #tigerblood! You inspire us to not just be #winning, but
social justice speech on how much the class social justice is a social issue
RT : Hill gets *exactly* at what I was thinking about w/Chopp's narratives. Colleges need their own standards, break w/R1s.
Kicking off #know12 with customer video and now CEO Frank Slootman is starting keynote.
I wish I was working, because then I would have money for stuff lol.
WAIT FOR REAL?!?
When the 1% start sending messengers to you to beg for peace, you know you are winning and on the right side of history.
Pierre saying Schenn's cross-check is a good thing. WOW
What about coconut oil?
Beyondthescoreboard.net with all the trash talking ryan has been doing this is the first time he tackled the possibility of losing
totally agree :)
Back in class today. Watch out, world, I am about to become a super reference ninja. Or maybe just a helpful person...
lol man only If u could have seen cupids face no homo. Landslide victories
@ tpayneeee so so awesome! We really hope you guys like it. If you want tell some of your friends too! :)
List for today: Go to work, go to work, go to work, go to work, go to work, go to work, go to work, go to work. I hate my job.
A bad personality can make even the most attractive person ugly.
Go Follow --> # PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister !! !!
Up early with on a radio tour. Today marks the 2nd anniv. of
Psa 28:3 Draw me not away with the wicked, and with the workers of iniquity, who speak peace to their neighbors, yet evil is in their...
I'm pretty sure I just sent the longest text message I've ever sent in my life.
I need proof!!!!! Lol
Please follow me .! I'm new in Twitter
This movie is so cute. Agkdjlshk <U+263A>
I'm not risking incorporeality just to go whiz!
Anyone know a way to draw a shape and have it translated into a canvas tag?
I always think this!
So what happens to now?
snow day with mo and jordan
Girl you are preaching on twitter i love it. You speak the truth. I am so loving this! lol
Holiday party tonight!
Our new website is up ! Have a look !
What about a giraffe??!
Isn't that obvious? Cheers :) RT : Malbec World Day is tomorrow, how will you be celebrating?!
A5 My NAAS is to draft a personal career-life mission statement, complete with guiding principles. A manifesto of sorts.
How bout this fool just fucking hit my shit<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
We know the owners. They are a lot of fun. Oak took over BTW lounge
Ohwell..almost done cooking for me and oomfs dinner date.
VERY TRUE! I think it should be a great weekend though (it better be with all of these events we have going on this weekend)
Hey! Thanks d for thr follow and God bless what you are doing! Would love to network!
....or you can say it like that
has finally joined - looking forward to getting involved!
you taught me to never give up on my dreams and dream big!!
"Ima always b here too"....now dis is y i love
#FF to you all!
Derby morning. I'm in BFE Illinois but I still love it
I feel another turnover coming for
All free stickers have been claimed! If you missed out, we'll have em in our online record store opening soon!
kindle is getting a lot of love. I will check more out tomorrow.
NYC #1 PRINTING & GRAPHIC DESIGN COMPANY! GET 5000 FULL COLOR POSTCARDS FOR ONLY $175> CALL 1-800-PRINTING OR GO TO www.800printingnyc.com
OMG!!!! SS AND CGS so freaking exited and happy right now!!! :) #showchoirkid IVE BEEN WAITING FOREVER TO USE THAT ONE
#ilookforward to finals being over. This semester was too much.
agreed. Saying it is an interesting twist does not make it so
When people talk shiet about you or someone it mean 1- they jeasles of you 2- they want to be like you It's a.true fact
Happy lunar new year to some of my favorite tweeple!
Ehhh. Yeah, yeah yeah. Gay guys just really need to stop being so attractive. Hahaha.
“We’ve become a referral economy and there’s great social cachet to sharing.” -
maybe afraid of ending up a mid major? Big 12 down to 10. SEC getting bigger.
I want some goldfish
let's see how good ios would be if it was spread across a dozen different hardware types... #Droid (droid voice)
Remember folks, it's now May which means one thing: NO MONTH ABBREVIATIONS ALLOWED.
I forgot I bought like a million lottery tickets last night. Whoops.
:/ what time is it there?
np! And his best friend is but it's hard to get him to follow you too... :(
I guess that's what I need to do RT : when I feel dat weh, I just go back to sleep and start ova lol
Drama, lies, tears. Cheers to the teenage years.
excellent choice ;)
clap his hands at the ref cuz he didn't call the right call, and then bumped him
haha don't know if you remember our convo but I figured out how to unlink someone on linkedin!
I just finished a 3.65 mi run with a time of 33:59 with Nike+ GPS.
Wow it doesn't seem like it's been that long! She was amazing! So young it was such a tragedy! My respects.RIP
Almost time for the #memoryfoam twitter party 5pm Pacific Time!!
- Kobe thought Steve Blake could be his Steve Kerr. BIG mistake
Maj. oppose cuts too RT : 93% of #seniors age 65+ say #SocialSecurity is very important to pple's financial security
Thank you! Had lots of fun working on it. :)
On my way to mentor with
That interdisciplinary feelingis in the air after the Social Computing meet & greet.
Sunday is the last day to check out the lights @ Del Mar Racetrack! So don't miss out on seeing this 1.5 mile long row of lights!
It IS High on Fire. They are playing some arena show the day before or after nearby and have to use a code name.
“: #hth2012 I'm up next... Lots of cancellations in this session” good luck!!
Beautiful evening so I decided to run off the sore muscles. I think it worked. Or I'm delirious & I'll be in the ER soon.
Wouldn't you like to know.......xoxo
Zendaya's Rocks!!!!!!! do you all agree??
Fortunately, I belong to the BLOHARDS, the NYC Red Sox fan club, and they go up to Opening Day every year on a bus trip.
even the suburban housing is good, I did a 3 day cycle trip around Flanders and the design everywhere was great
will check on that - thanks
don't leave!
we are all in this together :)
pretty amazing ain't it....
#BreakingTrivia! As of #Superbowl XLVI how many #Superbowls have the Giants appeared in?
she is!
The other place you'll find discussions is within modules--I link each week's there (but didn't link the intro).
Last year, but I never really got into either that one or Distortion. i was fantastic, but that was 2004.
+ all our other Kips, webinar is starting in five minutes!
lol I'm working I'm on him : Yes Indeed he should give u a shot or u caN give him1;-)
I agree, and would greatly appreciate it if you would come to Conn and N St. NW tomorrow
There is always one that is willing to put up with you and ALL your sh**! And it's up to you to realize that that person is THE ONE!
no problem you welcome ma im just trying to be a good friend
Thanks back to you! Hope you will join us for more #digped conversations.
I cant even get out of my bed lol
In the studio at USA TODAY doing live interviews with Gannett TV stations in Cleveland, St. Louis, Buffalo, Minneapolis
It is! Sadly no Union Station event tomorrow.
Wassup, thanks for the follow .(:
yeah I love blackhawk
Proponent of FIGHT TO WIN or get off BATTLEFIELD. Think too many people making money off status quo. Not want to win OR legalize.
omg! really britny!
when my college roommate got drunk he used to pee in his stereo speakers. All the time
ok well i dont live in the city proper. how about I just mail it to you. DM me yr address. Not a problem.
G.M.N.I.: In #China, I'm known as Quan-Xi.
: Q5 I wouldn't write them off, but think of how you can afford student loans. If you have the means, great plan.
Oh nice! That is a great set! Next time you're in tell Pam you're connecting w/ us via twitter & she might sweeten the deal
Agressive base running means Morgan goes home with 1 out.
what's the issue?
LOL. there's a market for everything. Tempted to do that just as a joke sometime...
Working out
I love eating ice <U+2665>
Whoa! Love the new online account management interface! Looks great!
I looked always outside of myself to see what I could make the world give me instead of looking within myself to see what was there.
Being a legal resident/green card holder is NOT being in legal limbo!! Come on...do your homework!
"The twist goes like this..."
Having sex with the person you love
thanks for celebrating national peanut butter & jelly day with us!
Is CNN filming Paul's speech on their cell phone also?? Shaky camera makes me feel like I'm watching on YouTube!
worlds collide.
Nice! Should swing by my work and I'd give you your little guy.
We're looking for a home for our 9/22 meeting. Do you know of an available, Metro-accessible space for ~75-100?
Day after leap day, jump to conclusions day.
Leslie Visser looks like Joan Rivers...freakish plastic surgery.
thanks for the follow! I'm definitely interested in your posts!
The only Goal you can not achieve is the one you don't Shoot for!
$85 for an Organic Teeth Whitening Service ($180 Value)
wanna come to my bike funeral sat or sun?
The person that's at my house <<<
Now #reading True Blue by David Baldacci
Will #OWS ever protest in honor of the #unemployed? It is a direct result of the financial crisis
thanks serous sweetie
Letting my mullet-headed son eat jerky for dinner.
Much Amontillado About Nothing
What happens to the Veteran when the parades are over?
Matt Holliday on NOW!
thanks sweetie :) how are you?
I HAVE MY UNDERTHEMISTLETOE CD :) I LOVE THE PICTURES IN THE CD
Is Jose Conseco really trying to get back into the bigs via Twitter?
So we're just accepting Zac Effron as a leading man? Just wanna make sure.
Family dinner tonight! Last night together at my old house before I move out!
Food and Beverage Companies use Earth Day to Promote their Year-Round Environmental and Sustainability Activities
still sticking to the script, although I find myself improvising a bit......
her character in michael clayton was so freaky
Required reading for the digital now libraries are facing. Thanks!
#BruceWebber O-U-T at #Illinois. Looks like the coaching carousel starts early this year.
Aww thx but I am only a God-mother (to 5) & auntie to all my little cousins. :D RT : HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
Just got home.
i love working out
Wells Fargo's Curry (also on Chamber) up now. Stressing strategic nature of econ. development. reminds court that #apple has strategy too
": Does anyone remember the 2 prospects the Yanks got back for AJ Burnett without googling? If you do, you're a die-hard fan."
TRAFFIC - Fire Crews responding to 700 block of University Avenue, in traffic.
good morning!!!
Thanks for a nice event this morning!
You probably can't keep friends and guys "cheat" on you because you are a salty bitch. Get out of sheboygan.. oh wait...
TONIGHT hosted by The Swinging Richards and DJ Malone only $10 general admission includes party favors!
My son was JUST watching He-Man last week! circa '83! "By the Power of Grayskull!"
Meeting of the Southeast Police Comm Relations Council this evening 6-7pm, 5710 Eastern Ave. All are welcome!
Lol whatever. RT By bad five :) .. U making it hard for me u dig lol?
what is the 1974? When u were born...When you lost your virginity? Oh no, that was earlier this evening.... Pieces of what?
San Diego!!! We will be at BRICK BY BRICK tonight!!!! See you there!
or what man
I'd like to get your boy Chandler Harnish on my SiriusXM radio show today between 5-8 PM ET to talk some Cots & NFL. Help us out?
good morning Austin. <U+2665> I know you're excited for today. :)
SMDH at my followers !
I know I know!! Thanks man! Ima miss a lotta thangs!
My fiancee has the Casio Elixim and I have the Cannon Powershot - both take EXCELLENT pictures. Either would be great
been #ff her :)
Happy Earth Day! Or, as the bicyclin, transit-usin, recyclin, sustainable Militant calls it, "Happy Sunday!"
Thanks for the follow. I like the Night Rider mixtape, great stuff!
what's your favourite place to visit?:) and please follow me?:)<3
I had a great day in the bay area, went to mill valley, muir woods, baker beach, and Golden Gate park. I <3 SF
Just saw some #cosplay peeps downtown. is this weekend obviously.
she suck
are you positive it's them!?
Started my new gig at last week. Fresh beginnings are very exciting! Can't wait to tell you more about my new work.
Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forwards.
thx for the shout-out!
Another night of insomnia, so thanks, I needed that laugh haha
also the first show i've seen that affirmed i'm not the only one with an irrational fear of contracting HIV that turns into AIDS
Introducing $14 Tuesdays! Any 18" pizza with 2 regular toppings ONLY $14 every Tuesday.
go to Dougs game at noon
~sometimes...what we really want...is just not what we need...and that...is the most difficult part...of it all
Thats it. We need an algorithm for our hair.
Dinner and "X-Men: First Class" (finally) tonight. And yes, I will be running around mimicing my favorite #mutant powers for a few days...
is this Tyson? He is beautiful... Still can't believe your mom is a grandma!
Woo, finally bought myself some new jods
#SOPA is wrong from a freedom of speech perspective/oppression perspective rather than an insignificant distinction
Days shy of my 42nd birthday, yes. Though I have to tel you they were IVF babies. But our 1st time took with twins..
Capitalists don't create jobs; they kill jobs to make more profits. They are not job creators; they are job losers. Go figure.
oh no! Does that mean you left them at home?
What abt the combination of both of them?
that would be great to see!
Trying to sleep , but its so hot in my room
That someone you wanna kiss on New Years (;
can you rt the patio link please, I wasn't able to open it
A Vagina is like the weather: Once it's wet, it's time to go inside.
Site will go live Sunday at 9.00pm PST! wether or not all products have been uploaded. we will add as we go!
Sometimes after a long day I'll drive home and just sit in my truck and stare at the windshield.
Who said it wasn't possible?!
thankfully, every day from now on is a day closer to fall
Would you mind reserving your username? hypothes.is
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret of outward success. - Henry Ward Beecher
Buy 1 Wrap, Get 2nd for $2. (Pulled Pork, Chicken, Brisket, Sausage) 24th St & San Antonio St.
Forgot to tell you. I scared the bejesus out of Nikki at the last kickball game! She thought I was the intense dude from last yr.
Just got an email from my kid's little league org, titled: "Child Abuse Tips for Parents." Not sure that's what they meant...
Wow bunch of haters, im a Raiders fan and I still wouldn't talk that much shit
Gotta keep the #PositiveReinforcement going :-)
one of my favorites
More is always said than done
I have 333 followers... 3, oh it's a magic number... Yeah it is... It's a magic number
"I want candy" wow this song takes me back... Can't help but think of :)
we'd love to have you! is a great eco line with fun summer prints.
Thanks for your assistance! LOL - CONGRATULATIONS! :) RT : Who has eight thumbs and just hit 1,000 followers???
Where is the fried cheesecake stand?
Ikr. I was oh no no no i don't think so. They need to get it together.
HaHa good one!! Like that one :)
Congratulations #BestInk winner
RT : WWJD? Hopefully he'd say something like "Stop dragging me into your bullshit you stupid hateful pricks. I'm missing Dexter."
Up 31 let's rest Pierce.
What are you doing on January 28th 2012? Coming to Last Night at the Proms at Palace Theatre in #Newarkontrent of course!
Hope to see you soon! Watch this spot for specials every week.
I could really go for muffins right now! :)
Well deserved!
Is there playoffs ?
"Scooner or Later" in Orange County, California for some early grub!
I wonder if is enjoying this fantastic NBA action.
I still got 5 years left smh
now you love it yes.yes. see LOL
ready to rev it up in Knoxville tomorrow morning...off to bed
Haha...I've been known to confuse people. I hope to be drinking it this wknd if I'm not subjected to #greenbeer for
Jacques Revel on the "The Public Uses of History". Tension between History, axiomatic expectations, and memory.
Might be attending FIU
More great times to come Pittsburgh!
fisherr is alive ! :o
Football baby!!
Time for TV! We have a yacht fire in Ballard, a big day in SC for Boeing, and we're hoping for sun this weekend.
LOL JK. I'm at the gym though. Friday night. Relieved it's Friday. Stressing this week. Just relaxing and working out. & You?
so tired
yeah, it needs to be halted yesterday. That kind of disregard cannot be allowed to exist tomorrow. Absolutely sick of it.
Selfishly, I'm going to hope that is ruled down at the 1 and the next play is a TD pass to Finley...
Entered data into Kutub->Handbooks->IT. These are notes on computer hardware. These were copied from A+ course books and other texts.
bring the boyz here to hawaii or else...
If your last name is Pepper, could you ever consider a career in medicine and be taken seriously.
The White Girl Wasted Megamix will be finished in time for you to blare it on the way to the club tomorrow.
hey why did amanda go to corpus?
What do I want in the scene. Keep it simple!
Trying to use the light from the front of your phone to see the back.... -__- yeah.... Doesn't work!
Thank you for the RT. An empowering reminder for today. Glad it resonated with you too. :-)
REMINDER... The show tonight at The Paradise has been postponed
depends what your profession is!
Man I am not a fan of #adidas but the new ad campaign wit #kenjeong is hilarious.
I just watched this tonight with my lil guy!
Last day at the best job ever :(
Had a dream about #oomf. It wasn't like the one she had about me though. Smh
WHAT THE HELL!!!
Playing on the radio, y'all!
Thanks for the follows! Have a great weekend
ahahaha same here(:
Fabulous Baby from has been stuck in my head ALL morning long.
Did you sign up for a trial? Let us know if you have any questions. Everyone at is ready to help you.
It's Friday! End of the work week, great spring time weather, who's looking forward to the weekend?
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
As a supporter of marriage for anyone who wants the misery. The president is doing just fine in Gay support.
Lots on #Agile here at #PMINAC. What was today's best Agile session?
so hard to get anything done knowing how beautiful the weather is outside.
Just got home from Julian. My little one loved picking organic apples and pears in the orchard. Now... what should I do with all the fruit.
I hope do more than 10 shows now that is back. Fingers crossed they come back here with him. ")
HR by Mark Reynolds. A little too late for me if I was the manager.
He who asks the question cannot avoid the answer.
Christmas Photo session coming soon! WE look foward to sharing. Have a great weekend everyone!
Wuddup cuz! Good to see ya doing well
No book club this month. Sad face. We resume in July; read GAMESTORMING and chat with author Yay face!
What a performance by played 50/50 with paul Harris and showed he deserves a shot at Silva
Agree on context, but context comes from more than just numbers--and sometimes small numbers mean a lot.
Yes!! Lots of swimming! Shifting my focus to triathlons for the summer.
hmm.... what should i do for the next 48 hours?? lol
whats up Mr. West keep making music...
Thanks #FF right back at ya!
And the troll that lives under the bridge steps to th plate...
If I tweet data at a council member prior to a decision, is it part of the clerk's public record?
Hard run yesterday...it's amazing how fast u lose it when u haven't ran in a couple weeks!
My travel schedule for the next couple of months is nuts, but if the dates work out I am totally there.
"Concise, direct specific" - we agree, less is definitely more
Happy bday to this stranger
would love to hear Kandy Don't think I'm not. That's a bad ass song. :)
hurt my feelings now im mad grrrrrrr.....
Headed to compound
You gotta do what you gotta do, but every #packer fan I know wants you back on the field in green and gold.
not really interesting! but you are so nice :]] YAY! xoxo
I love seeing you
I totally agree. Not only marketing people should use of social media in museums
Making progress!
You. Are. Awesome. Thanks Yu!
The best things in life are either illegal, bad, or fattening.
#lxchat RT : Yes, my company focuses on producing site-specific performance. Basements, gaols, heritage buildings...
it's fine for me... are there problems?
For sure!
the grizzles not about to lose on their home court tf
I don't know what you mean by early grave, but judging by my appointments to the hairstylist and dentist I'm probably not going to have one.
stories on the impact of OA: first year of free access to Medline: 70 million searches. Public wants to know, access
congrats on 3m followers! you deserve it!! :D
Not gonna scoot down to yo level !
Thanks for a great Jazzfest everyone!!!!!!
In the words of a young man I know im not talking to you I'm talking about what I'm taking about if it applies to you o well!!!
glad to hear it!
Goal: snatch up as many ethnically diverse babies as possible. They run rampant overseas and I luvv dem.
I would love that! Can't wait for the "Victor Is Alive" reveal.
Lady was ogling and his arms lol Im gonna pimp him out! Lol
It's never about knowing who you are, or who you want to be... It's always about trying to figure out who you should be.
But Good Night AGAIN . :)
I will edit the eff out of you!
How do you unwind and relax at the end of the day before you go to sleep?
Join us 4 dinner at the Chick-Fil-A at Coliseum Dr! Dinner starts at 5! Bring us your receipt, after you eat! Bring a friend
Added to that awesome, I worked at KFC in high school.
Why is the gym more crowded at 1am than it is at 1pm!? Gotta love Harlem
Was just introduced to www.airesd.com. Anthony is kicking my ass! let him shape your body before your boudoir shoot with !
Ohio residents we need help: Write or email your senator & tell him or her to support SB 40 to make November CRPS Awareness Month.
I've had the same phone (Evo Shift) for 2 years now, and I still can't figure out how to get it out of my pocket without dropping a call.
My daughter is addicted to Dora the Explorer and Diego.... Those cartoons annoy me alittle.
Sweet! Fingers crossed, someday, I'll be there too!
go write your paper
What a great start of the week & end of the day. Goodnight, moon.
Great opening show, story line, and creator! Love behind the scenes real life story!
Excellent week @#bbworld10! Can't wait till next year. Thanks to the Content System client who presented. Great info!
im thinking the same thing lol
Watching Mad Men makes me REALLY want a couch for my office.
your couch is the best for it though i miss it.....
I just pissed a venti skinny vanilla latte
I Would Mostly Die 4 u
You are a true balla in my eyes!
And the hits keep coming. TD #UGA! Watch out LSU. We're coming!
one of my hot hot hot husbands in my dreams is celebratin his b-day 2day! happy birthday zayn hope u enjy it! for lyf mwah
I've said BARAJAS (in my 2008 Hossssaaaa voice) so much in the past 10 minutes, my son told me I have to go to time out.
I kissed a girl <U+2665>
Guess the Sun is gone for the day :(
have a feeling i'm getting played..
Don't see why guys hate on One Direction. Oh yeah, maybe because they're jealous that all the girls are in love with them.
sittin here lookin crazy cuz my nose been stopped up since yesterday
Congrats, Kelly! Happy to see you find success.
I would much rather have men ask why I have no statue, than why I have one.
I don't wanna move. But I have to get ready. Bo ):
Hear that ? RT: One of the prime differentiators for me between Drupal/Joomla/WordPress is not paying for modules.
I really appreciate the RT, if you ever need photos done for anything look me up, haven't seen you in Goodwill eCommerce lately.
I was thinking this was regarding your birthday and was just imagining you on your 21st lol
you realize that's a decent business idea...
Bath & Body Bistro is open til 7pm today. Get your last minute Mothers Day shopping done with us.
I feel like getting drunk and playing rock band 3 today :-)
Making regrets is not what I do.
RT : Did y'all know red and blue makes purple? Damn learn somethin new everyday < oh you didnt know that ms politics? smh lol
Getting ready for the 18 mile push from Santa Monica to Redondo.
Almost bought Special K chips the other day, but the box was almost lighter than air. Is there really something in there?
lol just took a whole plate so there's not even ten left!
Andrew Luck will challenge Eli Manning for 'Nerdiest In NFL' honors. Athletically gifted, I'm sure, but painfully boring potential star.
Get off Lebron's jock. Plenty of normal people ride their bike to work. Just cause his bike says king James its cool. #comeonson!
What are you building?
what happened?
But I still retain the name one flip skip.
haha..me too...and I already have my make-up on!
when do I get discovered??
RT : 'Ya gotta sweat like a pig to look like a fox!' HERE.. WE.. GO! :-)
Are you still needing group members for the #48hrl? I would love to be on your team!
Do your stats say anything good about Bosh? Is there be a worse fit for what the Heat need? Big 2.5 seems complimentary...
Shopping with yo and renee for their bridesmaids dresses for my wedding :-)
Gotta force my self To sleep tonight I had a nice Nice Nap
Le nope! Whenever you two do adorable/ridiculous things, it shall be tweeted forsooth.
need a new twitter name!!!! hmm...
-~!||! SATURDAYS CLUB MATRIX...NEED VIP... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.....--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Wherever I go ! :D
RT : Plaza under attack by police. Possible attempt to clear. Support needed.
Sandy Sheedy is circulating a memo attacking the arena deal.Pls call her office number is 916-808-7002 and encourage her 2 sppt.
That's great!
Fortunate morning when your roomate's alarm wakes you up 15 mins before your class starts...
In n out for breakfast.
We’re so glad you like it, ! #nafsa12 attendees, be sure to check out the mobile version of conference connection!
I can't help it. It's in my nature lol
There's more to life than school... Just sayin'.
Just because I know how to fight, doesn't mean I'm not intelligent enough to get out of a situation where someone wants to fight.
"New lovers are nervous and tender, but smash everything. For the heart is an organ of fire." - Almásy (The English Patient, 1996)
If everything go right wit this court case...I'm there
Absolutely.......NOT! You're crazy!
We Love Arts: The Book Club Play
Hiball is the only energy drink without calories, sugar or sweeteners of any kind. It's simply delicious.
Larry Brown. Born & raised in
Chandeliers in cages FTW!
with the girls on tap for a fabulous sunny evening in MN! #Irish_Moxie here I come!
I had no clue Peter Shankman did so many cool things, like AirIntroductions.
Enjoyed going door-to-door in #SD08 with today! Lots of support for in Mequon!
Making me proud boys. Making me PROUD!
Working from home. Laptop-loving baby's dream come true.
Danielle Early on Inglorious Bastards as an example of potentially emerging revisionist trauma fiction genre.
interesting! I love it
Sometimes I hate being right.
no problem. Hope you have some luck finding a place to watch the #hawks game tonight.
don't mock me
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow ~Swedish Proverb
:( GoodNight y'all...n mii feelings :(
i bet! :D ah you know what would make you totally awesome?
very untrue.. In a sports abyss right now.. Hibernating a bit pre-NBA playoffs.. I'm coming back.
Please let upshaw fall to the #bucs in the second round
Commission adjourns till 9 am tomorrow.
lol that isn't that bad!
THEY MAKE ME WANT TO TAKE NINJA TRAINING AND KICK THEIR ASSES. Silly insects.
great observation. What counts as investment, and what are the returns?
“The important thing is not to stop questioning.”-- Albert Einstein
Vino Verite has an amazing #deal right now! Located on capitol hill in #Seattle, everything is 15% off! Stock up for summer #wine lovers!
It's Friday drinks and gaming for all my friends!!!!
Oh wow...thats a lot for a friday night :/ Good luck! I haven't been quite that productive tonight haha
RT : 2 products i couldn't do without, both open source: moodle for course websites and trac for project mgmt/wiki/ticketing.
isn't that what I said?
are your quizes and tests open book? And either way it's a joke of an ap class no matter who your teacher is
Oh. Gotta check it out. Thanks for the tip! RT : no worries... During the week they have a killer happy hour!
congrats on all the raves for your #ArtGameLab workshop at #MW2012 ! G'night.
All I heard were boos when the Pats ran out. It's clear which team the fans are going for
Why I am I dying to live , if I'm just living to die -
listen to music everyday.
Elevate was on
In so much pain D:
About 80% of people who have had diabetes for 15yr or more suffer from some damage to the blood vessels in the eye, or diabetic retinopathy.
You play like a bad sport, her feet on the dashboard
I want to hear the words "to the disco beat" in just one rap song this year.
dying. F Lee Evans
Luna, tweet something nice!
I think you may have a typo in your post about your friend's book, Catharsis. Did you mean to call it fiction; not non-fiction?
exciting. Looking forward to the inspiration
I like Swanberg's IFC series YOUNG AMERICAN BODIES & his NIGHTS & WEEKENDS
Can Punk Put The Showoff to Sleep?
"I always wondered why somebody didn't do something, then I realized, I AM SOMEBODY."
Craving french onion soup lol and I fucking hate onions
the wife and I just watched Tucker and Dale. What a fun movie!
I still gotta think of somebody. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
You'll be interested to know: in the Dept of Purchase we have a central inventory. We can tell you [all] we have from a toothpick up. [1944]
If Ur a celeb that needs to "strip bare" for your fans, U need them. For most, it's like "big brother"; unnecessarily invasive.
no problem
I can't stand listening to her on Dr. Drew. The psychologist( kind of ) balanced out her inane babbling.
GUCCI, GUCCI.
Did u get the message I sent abt printing?
Can you recommend any freelance community managers in Chicago? Have a nonprofit client with a great project.
With every crisis comes opportunity. It's there if you look for it.
Good Morning! We're getting excited to see if T.S. Don will bring any rain! It would help Texas so much! :)
Holysmokes! has 1.2 million followers on twitter. Guess I better get movin. Hey gang follow me on twitter and like my fan fb page.
Tune leech?!!?!
UR commercial 4 2nights debate is great. "What's your policy on student loans?" Read the contract U signed
is killing it at #140cuse talking about #game162. by far best tweets of the night "..."
We've arrived at
thanks for the follow guys!!
came home on lunch and got to see #brewers maysonette hit grand slam.
Im praying for your puppy. If you can visit with him as much as possible, that will help with his will to live. Good luck.
"Supreme Court hearing on #SB1070 is key moment for civil rights in the US. #Justice4AZ #SCOTUS” via
awesome!! i always love meeting new people!!
Job resource site of the day: www.careerbuilder.com - great resume building macros and customized job searches.
End of July dissertation progress: 205 sources consulted, 4,565 notes taken, 1 chapter drafted. Making progress.
Those people that tweet good shit
- How's about some Matzoh Ball Soup?
true true...this laker game is making me cry right now.
#west #west #west!!!
4:20. You know what that means? Time to exercise, of course. :-)
3 great names for future ASU Coach: Kevin Sumlin Houston Art Briles Baylor and even Mike Leach. Would make asu exciting again.
thanks for trying.. :)
Maybe babies don't need the spoon-fed mush" These articles drive me crazy! It's the Division of Responsibility not the texture of the...
i may need a real historian to help me. I wonder what Newt is doing... ;)
Hope you are enjoying!
just like sneezing in my bathroom
we got practice tuesday too we got to do push ups and suicides
We need cars fueled by drivers' stupidity because that would help the little oil shortage thingamajig.
Get bought 11:11 #MakeAWish on Itunes.. I love it (:
the most fucking annoying thing is those fake celeb accounts that say "follow this acc and RT and I'll follow you back" or something
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. ~ Dalai Lama
niggggggggga don't tell me what to do shit fuk Dam ugh lmfao
please don't believe that. in my eyes, u r the better one for so many reasons...
As he should! #MittRomney is ALSO a #Bigot!
Portland crust punk spends weekend trying to master the bedazzler so he can add studs to his new vest.
Knicks need a slashing/dishing PG. See how many times Toney Douglas goes into the paint in a game. Once at best.
Celebrate your bday Saturdays at commonspace everyone free all night 2 bottles +champagne for $300+ cake and balloons w/a full set patio
Girl you ugly stop trying so hard... Itll come.. You aint ready for kids. Nor is he.
Milwaukee still loves you! I got a "you" bobble tonight! Everyone else was taking...nvm, I got the best one! :-)
Suggests a public shame campaign against faux social change efforts. Maybe Edelman can take the lead?
I'm w.Obama. Def lesser of all evils IMHO. Politics blow: pres. battles house/senate, accomplishing little.
I want to do Kenya to S.Africa in 2 years .
San Francisco-based Gimmie is offering marketers the ability to interact with mobile gaming users based on their in-game achievements.
Thanks for the follow! I enjoyed your breakout session at #LiNC. Keep up the good work! I'm curious about your reality TV past
i miss twitter so much <3
YES!!!! LOl Its, on the 26
I hear all these Bachelors have dogs and work out.
I can't tell between cops & robbers
so I wonder what is doin. probably missin ha best friend lol cause I no ha best friens misses her lol :-)
Thanks, pal. *feels better*
In Music Meeting-Tonic “Release Me” hey the corporate rock sound is still kickin’ not a big fan of this
I couldn't find the garbage...I panicked Your Awesome
how u
I feel the same way with Trending. What doe that mean exactly?
Finally got back on twitter what's up with you?!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet 'Clash of the Ratchets'
Dam me huh
Wish I never met this chick ... Hoe straight bugging WTF!
#TheUsociety is a family of Ambitious young men and women that believe in going after there dreams!
New Logo, same snowcones!
Dell Talks 13G PowerEdge Servers as 12th Generation Hits Market
taking away features when people upstate is a horrible thing to do
Dammit I still have some eyeliner on from yesterday's rehearsal-
You'll never look back. It's a de-papering addiction.
I keep telling myself you not worth it but when I hurt myself everything is the opposite.
they be trappin', they be slingin'. i be rappin', i be singin'. i am not your cup of tea but who made you the king of england?
So why hurt you? Thats the question, it took this long for me to learn my lesson
smoking, pedicures, coffee, and heroin
Orange Leaf tomorrow with and #twitterless Jordan before the game. #VarsitySwag :)
You are talking about #ChristianMoerlein Lager House, yes?
Kennywood and the zoo tomorrow :) No school :D
u r always twisted sir
Thankful for my wife!
I been good
first tweet in three days
Some courses are taught in intense manner in two days and for some training is given on one night per week which continues for 12 weeks
Minnesota school leaders gather for a summit on bullying today. Details coming up on the
SO 2 cast/crew of for a great shoot today. New footage on the way! MiraSteinzor GerdelBusto
Just start swapping "whine" for "wine" and you'll be good.
Turned Yankees game on radio and 1st thing I heard was a Luke Scott HR. That's my cue to turn game off.
what's this?
Printing on paper gives landowners reasons to grow trees. Print IS sustainable! SOS Printing is an FSC Certified Printer
need to be lookin at #Princetons #15... #justsayin - go ivy right quick
Im bout to have Wale playing all night...
Like the term contributor as well.
Empty fridge? Empty stomach? We've got it under control.
I am cooking up some killer designs as we speak
meant witch doctors are hard to play as due to quick mana usage
Cutting off an ambulance is just bad karma...
RT : Paraphrasing Don Betts at the Winnipeg WP Meetup "Bad design is unethical."
well thank you (:
Lol. Just referring to your trade idea...
Hows the fight, im working
Most of what the VA is doing these days is still going to the Vietnam generation, it's going to be that way for a long time
omg. I will hoist a beer this evening in our honor. 15 years. Man.
Teaching Jen how to tweet :D
You cannot dream yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge yourself one. --Henry David Thoreau
going to sleep to wake up in an hour. shiaaaaat.
Bike friends: notice that after the road construction on Washington, the so-called "bike lane," is gone?
You're 13 years old, you smoke, you're not a virgin, and you wear more make-up than you do clothes. Your mother must be so proud of you.
yessir! now, how can i help more?
Been learned when you hold em' up too high, It'll just make the drop worse
WHAT. Now I demand to know!!!
is getting 1.4B ad impressions/ month (and that stat doesn't annoy me, because their opt in/out targeting is thoughtful)
love u more!!
How long before these #sonics go out of business , man they give #fastfood a bad name
DCcarlisle, thanks for following us on Twitter!
nice article on using scenarios to keep elearning real in T&D magazine!
I just added "Meat Sweats Survivor" to my bio. What's in yours?
Learning about sex in health.
Bret, thanks much. Looking forward to getting your resume/headshot. Best, Matthew
you are about 30 minutes from me. I do wanna take a drive up the Mountain now.
Can't drink all day unless you start in the morning.
and Portland makes a desperation and pointless 3 pointer as time expires to lose by 3 instead of 6,
One of the keys to achieving a life of freedom is to define what freedom means to you.
Here in class day dreaming on what life will be like after all of this is done.. BIG DREAMS!!!
Do u wanna see me laughing wivout u? :)
No one to talk to... What a familiar feeling.
I wish I was never famous
Wow -that is a stellar lineup, but I don't think I will make it.
Good Luck , , , in Series finale today in Athens!!
yeah! Back at ya!
I kinda feel like doing nothing
haha, still on the second part of that one?
Thanks Bookmarked that one - now if I can figure out how to find it
Tea makes me pe alot .
Very excited for Los Ranchos farmers market tomorrow and Fishhugger salmon! Here, fishy, fishy!
Put em' up!
Glad that your kitteh and my doggeh are at = cuteness levels :)
that song makes me feel like I am being violently bored to death
I wonder the same thing!
Ask about our beef buns special tonight! We know you'll love it!
Yuck, it's slushing out!
If anyone from the Columbus Crew comes to the station, will you let me know? I know a young man who is a big fan.
I decided to get a Cuba libre instead of dinner.
We are excited about SUPER BOWL SUNDAY!! Come and and get started with a fresh breakfast taco,Migas, Tostadas and much more. Go Packs!!
only that it be collaborative (so far).
English pubs are always the greatest. No questions.
I've been forgetting my phone a lot lately.
Question from a fare: Hey Murph, why are people working longer hours and getting paid less?
July 20th! Station 4 - playing with and - cya there!
We <3 and hash-tagging!
I have zero energy no way I can stop this flow of waterfalls, makes me sick to my stomach how dare I
I haven't gone a week without listening to Casimir Pulaski day at least once for the past year; about to download the whole album.
Don't sleep on my lakers
Our thoughts are with the families impacted by the DFW tornadoes.
that sounds like a so much fun...
Nba 2k12 is the fakest bullshit game i ever played
Agree with I NEVER click on a pinned tweet. No need to clutter the stream.
Remember when we shot a video in Boulder?
I don't believe they account for reliability.
there will be no miracles here...
: same with this lady here...she was for real going through a thang...
yeah buddy yeah buddy! Did I ever tell u HAPPY BRITHDAY!
Second day in a row eating skyline....
No, I wish.Soon :) Have you?
Listening to some jazz flute on 88.1 tonight.
Great stuff. Gandolf at the end is the best.
So close! Help us reach 2000 Followers!
You can either have results or excuses.
#OppositeBandNames The Black Polka Dots.... (The White Stripes) (x
I have the same problem.
#Romney is in 3rd place in both primary states, behind both #Santorum & #Gingrich. I suspect it will stay that way.
I need something to do bad.
you ok you done you suck at life
I vote Moon Pie RT : I vote that the next unnamed version of #android should be called peanut brittle.
I can't find a hair clip but I can find about 10 pairs of iPhone head phones...hmm...
already done.
Enjoying life!
RT if you have done something for others today!
We will be traveling a lot this year, so we hope to meet you, or even see you again! Old friends and new too!
Celebrate summer as we explore the amazing world of science in The Bakken Museum's incredible outdoor gardens.Saturdays in Aug & Sept 10-4p
Truth is truth, it matters not from where or who it came. If a truths origin alone is the only way to make it "So" then belief becomes void.
HEY FOLLOWERS! new TT #WereNotFriendsIf RT this for a follow back.
impressive, but what about on on-screen keyboard?
PM me cuz my fone is a piece of crap and takes forever to write a txt
I dropped my phone at the bottom of lake Michigan :(
Please tell your lovers and friends that Usher, Jon and Luda had to do it again ;)
She will be loved
touche' my friend....pathetic
thank you, also how do I post my biz in the directory
#10ThingsIWantToHappen I want to spend a weekend with her.
god damn!
Bounce A Gyal!!
sacramento kings
Enjoyed our time at the 3rd Annual GO GREEN EVENT @ Windermere Village! Thanks to Reaping Nature Productions and Denise Carleton!
Here's to the Directioners who weren't here in the beginning, but will be here supporting them till the end.
my Ethiopian queen? Been a minute. Follow me and add me on FB. .
Firing up the waffelbot
Everyone look at the youtube channel #tysonthibodeau . He has hilarious videos! Haha
Yeah! That's a pretty sweet deal.
Thats not fun!
Love it!
haha same & doing my damn research paper -.-
hello kay~ good morning~ love you my dear friend~ have a great day and take care <3
I haven't checked my mail in a day, so I'll let you know when i get home. did you get yours?
I am. And I'm taking my family of four.
That happens to me all the time. For me it's because after I download a song and slide it to y iTunes I delete the icon from...
feels good to co/inspire
congrats on 2 million hun! see ya in june <3
Hummas and veggies. Cheese and crackers.Anything and Marshmallow Fluff. (There's no "e" in marshmellow? Who knew.)
Today in Blues History: Blues artist Dr. John was born Malcolm John Rebennack, Jr., November 21, 1940, in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Watching some highlights from the last GOP debate..... All issues aside - there's something about Newt that rings my alarm bells ....
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
"Toss me aside like a broken Russian doll!"
Market tanks again......yet, my stocks went up, way up. Better review my portfolio.
good morning I'm in the office now, at home mine has a timer so it's done when my alarm goes off. Thanks for your service
Feel like if I watch the new Google Chrome commercial drunk I might bawl.
Hah! Is it "tessaract" or "tesseract"? Maybe I should just call it "Macguffin cube."
There it is! :) theres that wonderful chain. :-)
The ONE chance I had to write a song with Kenton is gone because my video isn't uploading I'm pretty much crushed!
Hey come check out this new clothing line, follow eugene clothing
I love my family. "No one called you in here so there's no reason for you to open your mouth."
I'm either really feeling myself at the moment or really feeling beside myself. It's a true toss up...,
Energies for good things in operation...
Follow back pretty please !!
most likely because she had point for sexy little rewards online, and you can redeem them for cool prizes :) I work there.
Congrats too to and the rest of the Jr Kings 18s -- what a gutty performance today at TSC!
Checking sound. /te
I dig your work, pal!
It's Friday, thank God! Made it thru Teenage Wonder's first semester as college student, don't know who's more tired, me or him!
I can't imagine running more than13mi(w/o walking). 50 is mind blowing! You and others like you are AMAZING!! Good luck to you :)
Paragon Innovations Designs FemCath Mirror, Groundbreaking Product Giving Female Patients More Confidence, Freedom
TAYLOR GANG
McDonalds, beach, cigars.
you're awesome! I wish every band had fans like you!
</3 you broke my heart
RT : each & every wine is loved by me I produce. some r easy to work with like kids and some r more difficult
I don't think he was disputing that, just saying some "footnotes" are more relevant than others, no?
This girl is on the phone and blasting her ipod at the same time. I hate my generation.
Excellent: It's not your client's job to remember you. It is your obigation and responsibility to make sure they don't have the chance to…
Did you start on the 1st?
Get a break from the pace of downtown #indy , Stop in & get a dose of the tropics!
I love how the Tom Brady one pissed off all the Patriot "fans" guess the bandwagon is still rolling
Had a long day today. I'm tired and a bit irritable.*sighs*
Woke up and asked 21 questions whatever happend to good morning smh
: Hey there! Seriously-lol-i am such a goof! Trying to figure out the twitter password! Lol
Ooh! I forgot about trailers. Just looking for some general insight. Would you mind if I emailed you?
I'm not a gardener but I play one when my GF wants to role play.
Cute in the Avi...you look good too ;-p
VERY good stuff and what a shame about ShoreBank. Thanks for keeping us informed. Say 'hi' to Sean B from UNCA.
I think my wisdom tooth cumin n
“A true hero is not someone who thinks about doing what is right, but one that simply does what is right without thinking!”
Painting in the headquarters.
I heard the gear is in. So excited to get my gear!
science is a dildoe.
Quick Question: Who wins, Duke or Baylor?
what kind of makeup do you wear?
That's sad.
I haven't seen it officially but there have been a lot of television writers I follow on Twitter talking about it.
Was just asked to put my John Hancock on some flyers for this play. Interesting...
where can I get one??!!
ill follow back in a sec.
Just don't feel like doing homework...
dude wtf, i click "purchase" on the last step for my sigur ros tickets and your system completely dies??? COME ON
ill probs end up beating my head off the wall all night
the same people who shit at a club
Skype me and message me for name
I'm not too proud to declare that "Last Dance" was my favorite song senior year of highschool. Godspeed,
MY FAVORITE POLKA? "Tick, tick, tick tock. Goes the clock on the wall..." April 17 is four days away #deadline,
You Are The Reason My Middle Finger Was Created.
Definitely done that before! I understand how you feel <3
I used proactiv when I was in college & it works if you follow the regimen,plus the technology has advanced since I had it. :)
Oh no, it's #snowing again. Winter will be over someday, right?
“: Fox's Gus Johnson calling World Cup games? Seven years is a long time, but it could happen.” - please God no...
#idRatherHave a beautiful mind over a beautiful body
I just posted a video of Cesar Millan, "The Dog Whisperer" and myself here on my profile. A message of encouragement and hope for college g…
two old ladies sitting in the park when a flasher comes along and flashes em. One has a stroke and the other couldn't reach. ROFL :)
I love how people in Georgia are so sweet and friendly. Must be that southern charm thing.
Hey In case of spam monster redux, notifying you that I responded to your email. ;-)
ya u shuld try bruh. Im on my ipod right now n the link aint poppin up. ill check it in da mornin doe
Now sleep for a few...on news channel 6 in the morning with my #BlackRVA Family!! Gnite luvs <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
5. Forever I believe my work is done...Then I start back at one
Quotes from Alan Moore dissing both the potential readers and the creators of Before Watchmen...I'm almost shocked.
Nice Card
Easter: The day that Jesus slapped YOLO in the face
Boston club royale was off da hook last night, jumped on plane at 5am and already in vegas! Poker time
even if so much of it was relevant to my roommate, last night's "bad tina" episode of bob's burgers was one of the best yet...
thanks dude! RT “: Your power of love tee is clever. Keep up the creativity and good luck.”
I hate running into my former "sisters" who glare like I'm the scum of the earth and non-existent!
You're welcome.
I don't think there's a fresher nigga over 250 than the kid... U kno! It's a few close but!!
Feeling nostalgia for eras I never experienced.
oh god, they firewalled Texts From Last Night at work. help.
Snacked on a delish snickerdoodle this PM nothin else to report except I'm hongry for another.
im on it
I gets no love :)
hahaha. Over/Under on runs scored in the series?
Scoring more points won't hurt either. RT “: If the Pacers win the rebounding battle in this second half, they'll win this game.”
girl yes! this orgo is no joke - I can't wait to be done with it for a while
BOOM, roasted RT : that show smash! (it's for musical geeks)
Have you got a specialty you want to show to the world? Google Places lets you do just that to boost your business.
It's about time, I was wondering when people start taking notice of #Bahain. We need more people paying attention.
Success doesn't come to you...you go to it.
Save your recordings to view in the future
praying for you!
Teeth kill.... I swear the day I get my braces off. I'll be the happiest girl on this planet!
thank baby geeezus for vasilia and that website <3
Great social media panel! Fcommerce, #Facebook commerce, hm... They get 30%. Not trivial...
Thanks! #DETROPIA will be opening in select cities in September! Like us on Facebook for updates!
I'm gonna kill you Payton! lol
Sort of odd: like to put things in dropbox and then read via the cellphone client in bed...
thank you!
You guys looked amazing! I saw pics at Granny's. Glad you had a great night! <3
Yall make sure u checkout new tape production frm on dat thang
lol lucky I want to be in bed. I'm tired tonight :(
Today I had the urge to ask Siri a question but then realized she doesn't live in my iPhone4 without the S.
Test of voting equipment finished - and successful! On to Election Day, Tuesday, May 8.
Oh word so good
Let's blog to get things done!!!!
new nomination: Hawk Harrelson
News just said 6in of snow on Monday. Guess I will delay staying in my new house a few days.
QOTD and it's ONLY 8:30am: "WHY are you trying to make decisions?!?!" Everyone is challenged to use this once today.
with happy houring before #rapture hits WA.
Delighted to learn that (MJP project manager and former JJQ intern) has been admitted to NEH summer seminar on Joyce. Congrats!
look for the stinky hummer. Might come by you. Had me at red velvet!! Lol!
Uh oh... Kobe has 14 points in the first quarter. It's gonna be one of those nights for him! Sorry Denver
I kinda want to though...like on something ridiculous!!
Thanks Helen!
Happy girls are the prettiest.
nice. Got to hear roses are free in colorado.
he not here,these guys only -28bb & he didn't want to get off his sleep schedule + laundry issues + traveling w that blender
"How to Respond to Any Situation" I'm mentally challenged on my father's side.
sweet I can't wait! :-)
do you remember when flew on a flight as the only passenger?
I really hope that Trek 2 has some next gen characters interacting with NuKirk and NuSpok. Fingers crossed.
Oh , the polkadot princess. I love you so much, Mondo. :D
Yes indeed. I saw it in 3D at a 4K cinema. Story, dialog, effects, sound. Everything was there. (And two bonus scenes! :)
all your answers are belong to Rebecca.
A soapy tit wank????
I feel like it! I passed out at 8 and woke up at 9 lol I feel like Ren and Stimpy's HappyHappyJoyJoy song in physical form
In 1996 average internet usage was 30 minutes an hour. (Audience laughter!)
not really
BookHolders has tons of locations for buybacks today! Come see us at Walgreens on Fletcher & Bruce B Downs, 42nd st, and Avalon apartments.
#beauty shoots next two weeks!
love love loving all the cool info as it happens jojo!!
same. My kitty unrolls the toilet paper on a daily basis.
Maulers timeout with 1, _1_ second on game clock
Dream it, Achieve it !!
Applied for Hoping to make the cut.
I hope we get janurary
lol i will tweet in the name of that blue bird of all that is twitter lol
If I lose something, unless it's my remote or my phone, I don't even look for it, I just be like "hell, it will pop up one day"
hey rick:)
..have a new mix, a sic Electro and Top 20 mix.. Gonna post it soon...
577 players in field today 945 total in the two day 1s. Glad one Southern poker series still going strong!
Lord, we don't need another meadow.
Thanks to and makeup tips I've stayed shine/oil free and matte all day! I love
Gregor Blanco leads off 8th w/SF's 3rd IF hit of game; picking on Tulowitzki's replacement at SS, but dont think even Tulo makes that play
God is with you in all that you do. - Genesis 21:22
Watch the College National Championship at #whiskeytango Monday Night!!!
No,Marlo did not say she wanted to "make it rain" in the club in Africa!!!
Now obsessed with & gossip girl... #completelyfabbb!
how do you upload songs to your youtube channel?
Angry Blake Griffin is my favorite type of Blake Griffin.
I am inexplicably delighted by the Manchu Wok every time I fly through CLT... But I won't be on the way to #MSA12 today
GAMEDAY at Sessions Stadium! hosts Mercer at 1pm Come out and enjoy this beautiful day with some baseball!
Today's BTU inspiration: "May my soul bloom in love for all existence." ~Rudolf Steiner
re: the o'reilly book - I wish, but unlikely. :(
Read a book? Mow the lawn? Spackle the den? Martinize your shorts? Eat Olive Loaf till you puke? Okay not all of them work.
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 83
Love this show #TheTalk and the guest hosts from back in my day.
lol, we got plenty!!!
Yeah, but we're better!
possibly getting a Motorola Droid RAZR this weekend
Rushing to the airport with no food in my belly!
I NEED MORE PEOPLE FOLLOWING ME SO I CAN FOLLOW EVERYONE THATS FOLLOWING ME ME:-(
Off to church then Starbucks, games and newsletters. Love Sundays
writing this
Holy shit. Just looked closely at a bottle of Mrs. Butterworth. She's an old white lady! I feel so deceived.
yes! And warped? Rose might come too!
I WANT TO PUNCH CHRIS COLLINSWORTH-LESS DIRECTLY IN HIS MOUTH! WOW I CAN'T STAND HIM!
u gotta retweet the link vicky!
I've been doing A LOT of self assessment, I need to involve more peer assessment.
RT : Romney up by 4 in Illinois. I'm calling it now -- he's going to lose there. The tide has shifted. Santorum is coming/surging?
Very proud of you. YOU did it. Great job. I am sorry I cannot be there. But still love you the same. You are family.
R&B is my medicine
Congrats! Today, Sacramento. Tomorrow, the world.
I see Y it ass is n west boons farm and shit lol
#AllMyChildren being cancelled. ugh...grew up with that soap
Sure thing!!!
Hey Ladies, How was Diva night?! Find any great buys?
What's Worst The Pain Or The Hangover ??
re tweet that same shit and see what happens....
Merry Christmas
I'm not sure I trust MS Word's thesaurus. Surely "educationalist" isn't a synonym for "teacher"?
Looking forward to meeting you today at ! Thanks for the invite! Quite sure it will be Fabulous!
Swedish Meat Flaps > Swedish Meatballs?
Know how to ask. There is nothing more difficult for some people, nor for others, easier. Baltasar Gracian
Very quiet in the street. Already.
The only thing better than Hairspray, that's me! :D
What the smell?
Got plans next Saturday evening November 5th????
Lebron winning the MVP is cool with me, the man is the BEST player in the World.
Happy birthday x1
Lack of Tony nominations spell doom for two plays: will close May 6 and will follow on May 12.
In theory anyways ;) Thanks for the mention.
This party a-go selloff. Gettin packed already.
OMG THE ENDING OF SEASON 3 FOR #TVD D': CREYS I CAN'T WAIT FOR SEASON 4
Most interesting thing learned @ conference so far: Brazil has compulsory voting. Related: Brazil has a problem w/vote-buying.
you didn't mean it
Wat u cooking
I do not like what I see happening with #Firefox. Not at all. Time to explore other options as my goto browser
Thank you!! RT : Nope. Super overrated. RT : Just finished the movie Drive. Am I the only one underwhelmed by it?
Confs make me feel important. RT : Only a few more weeks until the NACE conference...YAY professional development
work out those glutes! ;p and i'm just cleaning my house. -.-
i love seeing "denormalize" as a "do" when talking about data
about them for long but I have longer then them.
just said she would eat a cricket covered in chocolate for $5. Let's make this happen.
bouut to gt in traffic wit my mom thou, lol
Are you happy with the way your home rose to greet you this morning? If not, time to hire an interior designer.
Sports writers love them, too, since they're usually the ones who report on the threat before it even has to be made by the team.
how do you pick?! They are so good together!
To get to the other side?
Seriously. This is getting ridiculous lol
My takeaways: Asik has no clutch gene. C.J. Watson is the goat. Sick, sick loss. Sorry, Bulls fans.
nothing really... Anything new w/ u?
My favorite thing about Pacer games is if I can't watch it all I have to do is check Twitter. and have every update
The Used is playing next week and I really wanna go, but I don't wanna go alone :c
A code of silence inside prison leaves rapists free 2 act w/ impunity. Every society must monitor its prisons
Social Media Monitoring Tools increase your knowledge of public opinion and manage reputation #ICUCLNL via Marketing
Would you rather smell a bums pocket or give the bum a manicure? Time to find out once and for all!
Come on Packers get in the game!!!
so true!
Your welcome, a big jonas fan. :)
We are so psyched about all our actors, but especially our young actors. So excited about this project. Magical!
BalanceLady Designs show...sucessful & fun! Hosting Bridal Shower on Sunday. What an eventful week! Need a vacation! Nashville here I come!
put in a good word ;p haha
": - Amazing designs I would never want to eat your cakes they are too amazing to cut into!" Tks UR2 Sweet!
oh that gets no response back on the txt side and a dial tone on the phone lol just me
what about running one in Cardiff or the valleys ??
“It's always nice to have someone in your life that makes you smile even when they're not around.” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Oh I could join you on this topic tonight. I'm anti anyone w a Y chromosome tonight.
if , and followed me back, i'd be the happiest girl on this PLANET <3333333 :D
follow me please! I love u Matt:$
Like free stuff? Eating at Tommy Bahama? Say "RELAX" to your waitperson before 4/19 - it's the password.
New York hip meets Midwest gothic in "Catfish" (2010), a docu-thriller that gently unmasks a woman w/ multiple Facebook personality disorder
I know the week just started but i want it to be Friday already!
haha that was slag ass Aaron and his sexy Tune Circus suuurreeee
This Easter Sunday Catholic mass is all stand up, sit down, up, down, up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A, Start.
Green is going to cost this game. WTF was he doing??
Cameron is a hot girl....
Chilled with a new friend from Alaska, got a yearly scholarship for $18,000 and it's amazing outside on campus
Pray with Faith! If you believe God can, God will!
I Promise to love You Forever- Every Single Day of Forever.
where is that?
Join one of Lily's FREE guided cultural tours today. Amazing #Keauhou history shared.
All smiles this morning happy its Thursday.. , one more day! get you tickets already!
“: #Libra's only like to wear the best clothes.”
Smokers are likely to develop calculus on teeth, deep pockets in gums & suffer bone loss. www.perio.org/consumer/smoking.htm Use CloSYS!!!
um excuse me, i was listening to this song when i read this.
what no. I'm ok with being sassy bffs but you know who my heart belongs to.
Hail to the king shut out in game one for King Henrik <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0086>
What troubles are ya having with the accordion menu?
I ain't even tryna drink it's comin out like water
(Rich) Tweeting from live investigation Saturday night at house 8:30pm eastern.
Twitter is a microcosm, and my feed is tailored to people like me. Not representative of larger conversations elsewhere.
My Week With Marilyn was amazing. Loved it! =)
Starting now!! #sociologist 's talk "Social Communication in the Twitter Age" in Brown Lab
People are booing about birth control?!? WTF
I never claim to be a philosopher of any sort. I live life, and choose to share some journeys with the world around me. That said,
RT : "No Fate But What We Make"
Atlas Shrugged Part 2
it was in reply to a conversation we had a bit ago. a whoops on my part.
Will be praying.
I'm a hoarder when it comes to deleting apps off my phone.
Chicken butt ?
I've done that before, although with Coca-cola or Mountain Dew. Co-workers had it, too, was like aliens communicating, so fast.
<U+2640>Trying to walk in faith without love is like having a flashlight with no battery<U+2640>
The hero is the one that stays and the villain is the one that splits
Haven't had filipino food in awhile *sigh
Ha. Neither did Joe in Joe vs the Volcano. (I find a fan, I don't let up. It's a character flaw of mine.)
Roasted eggplant with garlic, EVOO & parsley featured at #Tapas tonight
Phew! RT : Thank you again for the amazing talk today! We definitely support the new look, too. ; )
"Hangovers are nature's way of grounding you as an adult."
One way Pres is making my life harder: I have to wait a few extra days to watch football. #whodoeshethinkheis? Oh yeah....
HAPPY HOUR til 7! $3 select drafts, house wine, rail drinks!
Perfect nap day, no work, no homework.
hi Jess I'm looking for a uc student or alumni to join my startup (cofounder) Send me an email
just looking at list of entries for midwest emmy awards & got chills. there are a total of 14 entries for our series category. yikes!
I was wild last night. end of story
wtf, the President wasn't even done talking & you cut out for commercials! Real classy!
Okay . well imma get Some MB Genre to Get on There (: shooo ! lmmfaooooooooo
oh I am!
You're welcome.
What's not to love<U+E105><U+E105><U+E328>
Looks like you guys are getting hit pretty hard right now. Should begin to clear up later this afternoon. Stay inside!
The 2012 Mayan prophecy is the first time White people have listened to Mexicans about anything.
RT : God Thank You !
See you next month! RT : had an awesome first time at first Friday! Definitely going again! :))
God helps those who do *Not* help themselves :-)
Haha, really? That's awesome(: I love Justin too! And I'll send you the link to my story tomorrow(:
Hey Stranger! How are you?
Waking up to Starbucks >>>
New twitter icon. Miss you!
Electric is a good word for the T&M. Can't wait. Hopefully see you there!
nope never heard of them? Would I like them?
My love Follow me PLEASE PLEASE.. You is very BEAUTIFUL !!!! Love youu
LOLOL #LIES!!!! I'm too cute to fight ugly hoes!!! LOL
oh my Jesus Griffin! You should invite to Hoot Fest! I will definitely go, if he goes! <3
Nicely done Katie , there are exactly 150 restaurants participating in Seattle Restaurant Week this year.
I love getting freaked out. After a crazy night and then the next morning thinking i lost my wallet. Hahaha #Everything'sgonnabeokay
Blue October and Imogene heap #softstartfortheday:-)
My Chemical Pancake.
Exhibits hours for Saturday - 9am - 5pm Be sure to stop in and see what's buzzing on the floor.
This time they tweeted ferocious and mercenary
Getting ready for our trip to Key Lime Cove water park in #Gurnee. The kids are pumped!!
went to the doctors
Knowledge is power, so I am a student to the world.
The best part about Friday's is #FF mentions. They are the best and deserve an award.
of course I can! (: aww YOU'RE so pretty! (: thank you though! I'm good, how about you??
Planning new cosplays. Ohayo con here I come.
Occam's razor would conclude that DOJ wouldn't do Tapie Deal, Pokerstars came in. FTP and TAPIE got pissed and made offer start new corp.
Chris Martin has an earring now? WTF?
Don't live by stereotypes.
#hacknight is tonight at Reno Collective. What are you working on?
great idea :)
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Oh so now I have groupies that's what's up
If you find a path without obstacles, it probably doesn't lead to anywhere ~ ANON~ I LOVE THIS don't run away from the Struggle!
how about dating me! Laser Show Pedroia!
Oh really? I'm not really into celebrity news or shows like that. I miss him on the radio. He's opinionated, but super smart.
well said!
It's Hump Day! Friday is so close, yet so far... how are you staying busy?
As long as Barça is winning, it will be THE place to be :)
Bitter Sweet!!!
Awww I hope your weekend goes better!
Bitch ass niggas got ass and breast
#Avengers> 2 thumbs up sons choice!
I keep seeing people on motorcycles here in LA and now I'm thinking I want one too!
RT : It is what it is And, it shall be what it is!
Our bros THE HECKS open up for Black Dice tonight! whoa! MOONRISES play free at E. Bottle. Zang! Get in it, Chicago!
Each year, Americans throw away 25 trillion Styrofoam cups. Let's be green and use re-usable cups!
have a great day !!!!
Unbelievable progress on our promo. It's going to be a beautiful thing. Should be ready to release in two weeks. Very excited & inspired!
I like how Texas was an option, when it actually isn't :-P
I had not seen Pencil before. Points for open-source!
Uncle Charlie should've been there!!!
Amen. RT : im ready for happy hour
you told me to take my time that's exactly what I did
Feeling a lot better :)
I bet the first lady is blackmailing the president ...
. SEASON.OPENER THIS SAT 5/28 at Chain of Lakes Winter Haven Stadium Orlando vs Polk County http:://n-xbl.com.
Must have!! RT : Make sure to purchase your #ChispaBox ladies!
Now designing mobile sites and iphone apps |
traffic school? ;)
Okay. :) RT : okay, and get a shoebox.d:
Do you mean the weather or what?
aways remember that, no matter how useless you feel, you're someones reason to smile
Actually, the UC's high bond rating means that the state uses it as a cash cow; UC takes out loans then loans it to the state.
R. I. P. Mc. A- luvd the Beastie Boys!! Only 47, life is a gift so please dont take it for a joke. Health is big factor in our small world!
ONE DOES NOT SIMPLY INJURE THE FORT
Glad we have trust. oh wait.
Ssssswwwwaaagggg LUV #BOYFRIEND ah listened to It twice and i already kbow half of da song ah
Wondering how my friend and his network made it through the storms? You OK? Need help?
the rodeo houston coming and i need to find a date... just saying!!
Even though it doesn't feel like it here in #ABQ, Happy First Day of Spring!
playing a free show tonight. Come get some 1/2 priced wells. $5 Fireball Whiskey shots.
1st Lady Lucy Hayes had first White House telephone installed on this date after demo by Alexander Graham Bell. The WH phone number: 1
MT : Memo to : HS fb games will be played 8/24 & 8/31. Plz try to avoid them. As much as we like Graham Harrell...
nun and i owe the school sum money
#iLoveMyMomBecause what's not to love
That's exactly how I feel tanner I couldn't make it without u and u could have anyone and u chose me :)
It's a new week! Make smart choices and reap the rewards!
I'm creating a chain link thing to countdown!
At 20 years of age the will reigns, at 30 the wit, at 40 the judgment.
wanna hear a joke about potassium?
It's unbelievable how ONE text can make your day! :)
You know its not really winter when ducks are in the pond by your house
How will I ever get to sleep tonight when my heart is still a-flutter from coming face to face with Tom Colicchio today?
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw you avoid going to court where you will likely lose all chance of reconciliation.
where are you moving to?!?!
Agreed - great idea! RT : I think I'm 2 the point 2 abandon #e20 tag & only use #socbiz - it's more relevant in my mind
jermaine finally got me hooked when he let loose in soul man with shuffling shelton. Who knew he had the moves.
Just sang...horribly I might add. At least I get to play Apples to Apples with a load of people. Kind of feels like a drug ring.
RT : TT: "I've gone crazy," when asked about trading up twice in the same round.
14 minutes in and I'm already pained and have grumbled uncomfortably 32 times.
Best of luck on the GMAT!
Okay I am Done Trying To Get Twitter Jail ! (: its Getting boring trying to Figure out what to Tweet and i have to go wash my hair (: lmfao
Romney no need 4 you to worry about the poor – they got their Food Stamps, free school lunches, Food Banks and all sorts of other goodies.
7-Eleven to launch low-cal Slurpee Lite The 7-Eleven chain is launching Slurpee Lite, a low-calorie version of its popular frozen drink t
Getting Started with Affiliate Marketing in 6 Easy Steps
#oomf game is weak....
Stfu u stupid ass. nobody likes an attention whore. smh
Pay attention we're LIVE! #XFactor LOL:)
#PLACES this Thursday @ 7: Will DeBoer on the Final Resting Place (cemeteries=awesome) & Deborah Harrison on Haunted Manitou Springs!
Glad you find our tree site useful! :)
I'm a mainstream moron. What do comes to mind when you think of "hip?" especially with women and clothing...
I should put together a video telling the people who don't follow us on Twitter about Stubs.
I'm still sick as hell *cough* *cough* i hope this cold goes away soon....nothing worse than working while being sick :-(
love you too <U+2764>
West Palm Beach: This Sat @ Swamp Grass Willy's ALL AGES show with Johnny Cakes and The Four Horsemen of The Apocalypso plus the Jellyfish
What a wonderful talk — felt expansive and exciting. Thank you.
Omg yes! Can u email it to me?
I hope all who supported my fight for marriage equality will also support my fight for our children's education.
is it bad that the intro is my favorite track on Dreamchasers 2?
watched the #bachelorette tonight. i usually like bachelor seasons better, but it's summer and what else is on?
Santa,Boise State would like a kicker for xmas
thankk youu boo! Love u too
Thanks for sharing these #LinkedIn tips to maximize groups. Very helpful!
Florida ya girl's comin' home
Happy Valentine’s Day! Did you know that George and Martha Washington were married for over 40 years?
ugh. just got mine in the mail, too.
good luck fool!
just had to mess wit ya lol
Great end to the night! :-)
GODS GIVING US EVEN MORE CHANCES
Trending things not just for our role model but for her mamma too! #ItsAnArianatorThing <U+2665>
Hate on me haters. I'm going to do me with u or without you.
Dragon Box 4 from FUNi Channel?
haha you should have known or been in contact!
#Cavs win!!!! Nice team effort tonight
Thinks if u r wearing glasses at the tip of ur nose 2 drive + have 2 keep adjusting them 2 C, u shouldn't B driving or U need new eye doc!
Gotta Love Cole Hamels admitting to hitting that punk Harper! Time to sign him
I've been trying to figure that out for 7 years, I'll let you know when I get it
Good day :)
honestly I pretend like nothing ever happened. I just block everything out and pay attention to the music.
if it makes Dollars, it make CENTS.
Google; Poster Printing NYC
Downloaded and started using SG Project OnePage. So far, so good.
does thay mean I get a free download when you make it?
I'll be pricing it at $.99 in the beginning so that everyone can get a taste on Undead Zed
I guess 'seductive' is too sexually charged a word for my computer's thesaurus to contain. Apparently 'Jesus' is okay, though
no problem
I hate when things get tweeted out of order
I have to work with the crackhead today. Commence annoying/ pissed off tweets in 1 hour 15 minutes
how did you get involved in public affair for the USAF?
Drew throws darts!
We've got #Sunny95 playing this morning in our office! The non-stop Christmas music puts everyone in such a jolly mood! :)
We're asking the top 100 DJ's around the globe to check out #AMP. If you love music check these DJ's out. They are the best of the best.
I want a book and a poster so damn bad! lol
College kids...whatcha gonna do? I hope mine don't end up on YouTube someday
Make sure you vote today-polls in Virginia close at 7 pm and you must be in line by then... Thanks!
Waiting for the coffee to kick in *twitting thumbs
NCAA kicks off today! Tonight is Oregon vs Boise St at 7:15pm.
Still trying to conduct work -_-
now you know
Dude- sorry that was in response to ur DM lol! Yes, send me your latest work, would love to see it.
I voted 50 times for you :) #messengers all the way!!!! :) go Colton!!!!
u friends with or do you despise him. #justcuriouse that dejavu shit u cant fuck with though.
thanks, given up hope for it today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I speak the truth , but I guess that's a foreign language to yall ..
If I text you an essay with a thesis statement, good topic sentences, and a well devised conclusion, I expect more than a "K"!
#SUMMER-- the time of hot and warm weather! We'd like to know: what's your favorite #summerflower?
hey any chance you'd be interested in skyping into the class for a Q&A when they're done with MTL? They'd love it!
holy shit, look at you! you little sneak! you're so sweet. :* RT : i long to be as stellar as bri griffith..
I really Never lost nobody that I was really cool wit n till now....SO I may not No how 2 handle dis (R.I.P Rodney)
Heading to be sure to check out the #Freekbot show tomorrow! Hit me up if you're upstate!
I hope Dylan Bundy is still playing for Delmarva when they make first trip to WV. That could be a fun matchup to be at.
I use Waze bc the iPhone lacks a native turn by turn GPS. Don't use gamification much. it's interesting when they have themes
Bitches get laid.
I will if I haven't already. I have a weak memory in memorizing movie names as I watch many :-P
Come check at the Pilsen Community Market today...last one of the season!
My riding buddy and I did 27 miles RT on the Towpath on Saturday. Ouch!
the seniors didn't pull a prank lol...
Congrats to Butler University, University of Arkansas at Little Rock, Oakland Golden Grizzlies for making the big dance!!
should start the first hour of the show singing time passages haha. I think people would dig it!
Nice meeting you yesterday!
Next is Drama
you in Seattle??
Let Lawson run the point.
Dude, my grandpa, when my mom was little gave it away to her friend. That same friend disappeared, and they never found the body
this is my secret super hero identity
How is everyone's day going?
I'm bout to take a hot shower.... I might as well since I can't sleep
Patron wanted me to find a quote's source. Found it on a photo of a plaque in a 1972 newsletter after zooming in
Leading Edge makes learning fun! Contact us today to learn more about our programs, flexible hours, and affordable pricing!
RT I am #standingwithmark because bullying is never ok...esp not in church. #gc12love #gc2012 . And all means all.
Then what did she ask Siri? “: Eating cheeseburgers, scribbling on guitars, writing songs with :)”
Yeah! Sounds like you deserve it!
The Gymanimals are fighting childhood obesity by throwing the biggest skating party of the Year!!! The Gymanimals Beginning Of Summer Skate…
#HowToMakeItInAmerica take what yours ...leave no prisoners
If no one gets more than 50% of vote in Portland Mayor's race, top two advance to November. Polls suggest run-off almost certainty. But who?
"Laughing at our mistakes can lengthen our own life. Laughing at someone else's can shorten it." ~ Cullen Hightower... HAPPY WEEKEND ;)
My Pleasure - Good Stuff There
New client's social media is so screwed up, it's now on hour forty in cleaning up old (failed) initiatives.
Stand beside me Let me see what those hands hide Don't be scared about me I am here just to see you die
It pisses me off my brother got a 2010 corolla
Can't believe I'm already setting up a blog post about what to wear for Memorial Day Weekend! Summer here I come ...
if decides to go this year I may tag along, and if I tag along I may decide to do a lightning talk... we'll see ;)
Seriously, when the loved one is out of town, you will lose weight. It happens to me every time
I did signed it but it works for real??
I may have just introduced my seventeen year old son to Pippa Middleton's ass.
sweet dreams.
Damn, heard someone saw a rat at the sushi spot I go to all the time...gotta find a new place now!
ha! Learned about it from you!
So no more women will be told no to a raise because they don't support family like the men.
Boy do I know someone who wants to attend Media Day!
Thanks, You scare me haha, that fu***** video... I will not sleep tonight lol anyway good prank!
RT : RT RT IF UR BDAY IS IN JUNE SO I CAN TELL U HOW GREAT U ARE AS IF U DIDNT KNOW ALREADY
RT : A burger with peanut butter and spam??!! Sounds so crazy it just might work...
": LeRoy Butler will announce the #Packers second- or third-round pick. NFL using alumni again." This is pretty awesome though
word. Traveling?
Respect that. Know how lucky you are bruh that you get to. Have a good one fam.
thanks dawn! would love to chat more if you want...
"Fragile. Do not drop." -- Posted on a Boeing 757
"Be prepared that a conversation is coming back to you," adds Listen to the feedback & make changes, if you need.
Hey, how's the MMA going?
we belong at the top but we aint trippin cuzz we get there in a minute
Just started! Thought-provoking debate - social media in museums. Session goes live @ 3pm! Follow
Have a productive week unless you have made other plans to couch potato the final week of Jan!
WHO DAT!!! LETS GO SAINTS
Our trail work event is this Sat. from 9-12. Who's in for a run afterwards?
F yeah dude! We will see you there!! Only 2 1/2 weeks away!
Voter number 29.
Here's to the passing of my 20th year on earth, as well as my 1st spent with Justin. Today rocks.
Jim Crow has not died....or even retired!
STEMCELLS......... Challenging the incurable diseases that devastate ours lives and the lives of our loved ones.
I hate whe She feel asleep early cuz now Im up with no one to talk to but creepers on on here lol jp
I just wanna go jump in a pool
Hope these weights pay off kuz this is not fun
hi u in Seattle? nice to see a female doin her thing
RT : Beta is dead! .mov files rule! Welcome to HD. All our highlights and sponsor elements are on hard drives
Long walks on the beach with the devil.
$$$ DOE... RT : I'm on the same ish feeling like crap
Thanks again to ALL of you for a FABULOUS show/night at the LG Arena, Birmingham on Friday night, and also to Oritse and i
Can you hear the music play? You can hear the voices in the air but they are so far away.
the maloik is real.
I love people who like me. For their good taste!
This the game he turns it all around??
Is it crazy windy where you are ? All I hear is breezin' at my window!
Endless music tonight!!!!
Focusing my thoughts into action this afternoon is like herding cats on catnip. So many fun distractions to follow.
I am just so impressed with the Libyan rebels and NATO! I hope they use this opportunity to create a free society.
Last night's show with the CCCP and Rico Pabon at Disco Volante was sick. Rocking.
What's a good song? Old, new. I don't care. I just need some new songs on my ipod. haha
...they just need a recognizable jingle...
Looking forward 2 spending time w/ Kathy and 1 special girl from on tonight's Tuesday's Child segment @ 5pm & 10pm
you just noticing that
RT : Want to know the secret to success? NEVER envy or wish bad on someone's good fortune. Chose to be inspired instead...y'all
Just watched video - Chubbs is precious! Thanks for sharing.
Yes, most people piling on haven't like Ryan for a long time anyway. Now they have something to latch onto besides UW's pace.
vicki tomorrow night. SUNDAY! we just added !
Dont let your talent go to waste #makemusic #success stay inspired even if u have to inspire yourself
yeah, but don't know for how long. They want me to go on a job tonite.
Yup. Pissed me off during promo when ppl were saying Tommy couldn't play. Dumbasses don't know a thing about performing.
Great service and tailgate party at ALWC today! Thanks to all the awesome people who give and serve to make days like today happen.
13 monkeys at the nu art.
Ok, millions of people say they love Niall. I'm one of them. I honest love him. If I knew him, I would do absolutely anything for him.
I'm going with a Dog-N-Shake shirt.
My boy #Lucroy!! First homer of the season!!
THIS!!! --> RT Shaunie O'neal should be embarrassed for allowing such a bully like to do that to another person.
But He Ain't Tell Me Nun.
thanks for the follow - coming again this year? : )
Have a wonderful birthday !!!
Had fun the other night!!! Get over to my house right now if you want some nose candy!
Love that!
I think so.
Interesting to see how poorly video does in this FB insights sample.
Hiya my name is Mason today I am the guest tweeter for pretty awesome what this race is helping
yes please! It is only Monday and this is already the worst week ever...so not my day. Just want to go home!
haha we spotted him when watching the other day
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Getting over a cold, eating Cheez-its, listening to Top Tech Trends from Midwinter, catching up on email, was last night's House a good one?
“ The niggas gossip more then these bitches.” u sure
#JOHN CENA IS SEXY
Smells so good! Tx for the rec! :) RT I brought mine in to share with the women during our 3-day retreat!
They're perpetuating a horrible culture that's affecting even student leaders
Wow your acting lvl is like porno Cheap and unrehearsed
ICYMI Holding 2 accessibility awareness sessions @ #PurdueCalumet this aft. to mark Global Accessibility Awareness Day
not worried at all.
My dream last night was that Google cancelled the #AdWords program and we both lost our jobs. Happy Mothers Day!
Happy Friday!
my friends made up term for farting lol
#NP "Like Someone In Love" Sarah Vaughan
Victorious ' Ariana Grande Shows She 's a Fashionista to Watch It looks like the Tinseltown trend of stylish teen queens isn 't coming to
Good Moanin ppl
Florida beer Swamp Ape. Every swig tastes different.
I HAVE BIG #BOOBS MEHHHH:(((((
": I need more followers help a girl out #TeamDJPaulyD" @ thanks girl
Sipping some delicious Gin! cc
Did something I'd never do for anyone else today lol
SO DIS WHERE EVERY BODY AT 2 NITE?!!! OKAY! HELLO WORLD!!
R.I.P. MCA- beastie boys were part of the soundtrack of my childhood.
Follow Friday
silky pants
GOTTA FIND SUM FOOD & GET 2 THIS HEAT VS KNICKS GAME. TIME 2 CLOSE EM OUT U NEED MY $$$
no problem. 74 not a surprise tho. tiger hates tpc and never plays well there
Politicians can learn from musicians who must listen to each other to create perfect harmony. Politicians refuse to listen & create discord.
LMFAOOOO! Drake?! come on man! LOL!!!
you should bring the warmth to Denver. Its a blizzarding!
I love both your followers and who you follow, though with who you follow, the love is spread a little less thin :)
#geekend #fa115 passion = determination against all odds
man come get me let's hang lol
The Weeknd is the best singer there ever was or will be.
no really. 2 teams, each in a city I lived in. One favorite. likes every team he has ever seen play.
“: “: "... Love each other. Just as I have loved u, U should love each other." That's my favorite verse!! -KB
everyone follow she is new on twitter.. she follows backk!
ipad 3 eh? 2047x1536 is one hell of a resolution. Too bad videos are going to be all stretched since few/none use a resolution that high!
Melville House Press sells those...
aww what a nice surprise! Pls kit!
And as for Gladiator that's fine, is long as it's accompanied by a photo montage of Russell Crowe...
Cable TV & internet service interruption from
": text me" I need your number!
love that I am not the only one up early and working all day!
Wow, treasure that time together!!! It's not everyone who can go to BD class with their mom!!!
She's only for the show; She'll never understand the making of it
LOL, they're a favorite here too! RT : there will be squealing over the journals with the scooter riding dogs.
Just finished watching NCIS: Los Angeles, Congrats man. I enjoyed it.
Stackexchange: a perfect case of frostbite from the cold presumption of what you surely must already know if you're asking that question.
gets down on mixtape covers!!!
Can't wait to try out the new Lion OS...
Jus paid for my myrtle beach trip...Black bike weekend,I'm coming back..Super hype now to Bring this Bmw s1000 RR out..
I just wanted to say hi and thanks for following me! :) I also like JB for his passion and talent but I also love him for his..
oh no! but so many cute ones out there....
If you sneeze too hard you can fracture a rib.If you try to suppress a sneeze, you can rupture a blood vessel in your head or neck and die.
who is that in the picture
Today was a good day.
cuz it's in 3D. I own the DVD. Same reason I saw lion king in 3d to feel like in there petting simba
Are you talking about Freddy?
How's his car?
I feel weird googling "how do you say butt in French" while at work.
me too. Dad has perm ringing in his ears from 'Nam so we have to "yell" a lot. Doesn't seem that loud to me & sis but it is
I got my hot chocolate.c:
awarded a $10,000 scholarship today for getting a GPA better than 3.0 cumulative all 4 years of high school
They just sung #HappyBirthday to me lolsz im feel special
No, they talk a good game about mothers but they're not going to do anything for low income stay home mothers
What about ROI (on yr social media effort)? Better question is "what do I get in return?"
lmao The black you've encountered don't... Not all of them. But I understand. Bur trust, their not much different..
school is def back in session the gym is packed morning seshes from now on
Reason 1: You want someone with your industry or product knowledge. If you cant wait – send a request and receive the full list now.
Hahah I win bro she gave me the yummy
bus 40 min late, cust srvc closed early and you dumbasses are raising fares! WTF?
The logistical expertise fandom has built up over decades of cons is not evident at #worldcon09. Oh for talents of LASFS, MCFI, et al
Okay...resolving to stop reading comments on CNN, USA Today, Yahoo, etc. The stupid, racist comments are so rampant it's sickening.
good times good times
I foresee a massage in my near future. and lotsa lotsa water and gatorade. maybe even pedialite. I like the grape flavor.
THEY DID!!! i posted a pic of a K hood and captioned "now THIS is a suspicious hood"
I want to say Dublin, but I don't think we're going to just stay there. Might golf a little since they're famous for it.
Only you Louis! Hahaha(:
hope you at least covered the spread
Rider beware: traffic, and therefore buses, on the verge of apocalypse
Ugh this guy annoys me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
wats good bro
#wordoftheday Cockalorum (n) a boastful and self-important person. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
Sleep > everything else
that would be tomorrow.......Sunday!
The notion of naming ones genitalia has always seemed childish until I thought to do it after MST3K: Cambot! Gypsy! Tom Servo! CROW!
Four people away from our 1000th follower! Who will it be! RT!
yea it is defintely geared towards blacks and minorities in general. I saw an asian in there too.lol. smh.
this is why we can't go to nice places. Do we have to photographic evidence of the water battle?
Your welcome!! I LOVE making people happy!!:)
hey are you in Florida this week?
Thank you & for standing up for women today. When discussing women's health, our voices deserve to be heard.
YEAH BUT I DIDNT KNOW HOW TO ADD THE MUSIC AND YAY TELL HER I LOVE HER <3
the Instagram papparazzi is always out
work!! weird that I live in MKE again.
DM me your email and ill send it to you :)
Somebody better buy you something stiff and I don't mean a body.
For sure. Same to you.
Look like a man, dress like a woman...
We love Demand Force! What a great tool!
how was everything for you yesterday?
wtf you cant even do that?
Take a look @ www.AxeOffUSA.com. I'ts a monthly guitar playing contest in New Orleans, LA @ Hard Rock Cafe.
have you seen manuel delanda's movies?
Great seeing you all last night, who's hung over? Raise your hand!
-- id hope so, he's #fugly. But now it looks like she's trying to get closer to Jesus by gettin with #TimTebow. God help us lol
lmao I wanna hear this!
my DREAM job!!
Storage Unit June - Renting a Storage Unit and want to stop paying $50 to $150? Place your cool stuff for AUCTION with BId Daddy Auctions
Our generation is fucked up o:
The E-Trade Baby has become too weird...
It was inspiring to see #EvoNexus successfully help SD startups land big opportunities with major corporations. Keep it up!
Why am I dealing with everyones drama. Fuck this... IMA GO EAT ME SOME ICE CREAMM!!
the holy bean
Dyed my hair dark...Going for that Pocahontas look
Great meeting today for us
going riding with my friend Wylene today! Gonna practice some gaming... gonna be awesome! =) <3
I want to see 1D to dallas or houston tx id cry if its sold out plzz help
lmao! Just took 2 seconds but by the time I finish typing will be 10. Btw...u read slow if it takes u that long to read 24 words!
Greatest season in #Brewers history. Glad I'm old enough to appreciate. Last time they were this good, I was 4.
shocking that you didn't answer my question
lol i cant call i have no other phone in the house, and i checked all over i even took everything off my bed and went under
Leaving Boyle Heights. The Hood.
thank you.
I love him tho
I really love #3 on the list "tell little human stories." :)
show notes!
Did you laugh and pee your pants? BC I did :) YOUR BIRTHDAY IS SON
I will be there next week Friday !! I am going to miss my guys though until Mike comes
my really good friends name is Kaitlyn! Mine is Bridget
RT : sporting wins 7th straight/royals lose seventh straight/hm
congrats on your multiple emmy noms!
Looking to sell my car.
Cops are looking for someone in chelsea ridge what? o.o
Take a sec to help me WIN! Unlock my badge @ www.kupoz.com/kupozchic I am really close! Thank you!
I see y'all
what a night in #cincy! I love this city! but who invited bambi?
the one night when we were all tweeting each other and u were with and yeah!! u know
Looking for 2 INTERNS for this spring..if interested contact me at
do u know what twitter is??ucan follow everyone u want too..if u dont ill unfollow u.no worries :)
Yeah, at least one fatality.
follow me
Go I'm happy to be part of your team!!!! Yea!!!
Doing Death Of The Weekend this Sunday w/ and more. ! 10:30pm! Free!
What do a roomba, a ghost, raisins, and an El platform have in common?
Hit us up if you're in NYC tomorrow during the day. We're filming a little something.
you are right on about Good! Was thinking the same thing last night watching Deliver Us from Eva.
What's your favorite thing about business travel? For me, it is the food. Nothing like foods you can't recognize and shouldn't ask about.
How's it going cousin?
Id explain it to you, but I don't have any crayons with me.
Spokeswoman 4 tells me they won't change Gov's Fishing Opener May 12 on Lake Waconia even if legislature changes opener to May 5.
Regretting not flying home for spring break - I didn't get to sit in the airport and people watch.
Ever checked out WebCamWindow.com before?
JSD clinic is in Austin today!
Just cause you get light skin bitches dont mean they bad #LOSER lol
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are White Bean and Carrot Ginger.Sugar free Lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Tears from my eyes keep on falling.. Wait its not cuz I miss u, its these damn onions I keep cutting..
so excited for cougar town tonight! I've missed you guys!
Its sucks that I cannot watch my favorite WNBA player the rest of season... Get that knee to work soon CP3 ! :)
Mowing my grandma's lawn. She's ninety and still thinks she needs to guilt trip me into doing it :p
IHEC Blog SPAM: "I will be social bookmarking your online net website i genuinely can simply amass way up via the possible."
The 2011 DIY Street Fair kicks off this thursday at The Loving Touch. Performances by K.I.D.S., The Sights, and MORE! www.diystreetfair.com
She can ask for donations from local business in her county.Ask for help from local historical and state historical society.
Yea but it's very cheap check out rebelriotpromotions.tumblr.com :)
you can HEAR the producer talking to the host!!!!
I have spent golden week shopping. At sogo, lake town mall, and odakyu. No more money :(
lookin forward to tonight #twitterlesspat.. etc have fun at 's
I do I love hard core pawn
Nerves for school tomorrow<U+E410><U+E410><U+E410>
Just remembered how badly bein single suks :/
you made an academic award for a sports team?
depends on what the color is it's usually no more than 60 for both :)
#MagicNumber = 8; Saw it in person with
It's tomorrow night at Wright's Unity Temple in Oak Park. RT - Evening Leadership Event with
#blues looking confused, shocked. #kings dominating right now, in great position heading back to LA.
Black Veil Sexy
The House paused today to remember Ellery Hatfield and Don Bragg on the 6th Anniversary of the Aracoma Alma Mine explosion.
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that the child ish is over time for growing up ....*looks at sophomore and junior yrs* why is ppl still on kid shit?!?
Turned a normal bar into a rave. #Win?
good to meet you!
everyone knows but me. I don't take the bus often.
Since the Zorich survey of DH centers published by CLIR in 2008, has anyone assembled a more up-to-date list of DH centers (US & abroad)?
RE: Monday "Fun Day." Lord save us from the "chronically cheerful."
M... I do love oatmeal. Could be a good use for my Benton's ham stock too. Or risotto. Or... steel-cut oatmeal risotto!
"The supreme reality of our time is ...the vulnerability of our planet."
It's our last week to host a party at #KinkiThursday. Let's do it big one last time!
I realize... Somethings you gotta do yourself. Even if you gotta go at it alone.
Setting up my twitter world
Walking around NYC in cowboy boots is a hoot
I'm about to get gangster big on twitter! Can I get a woot woot from my 10 followers!
#NoLies RT Rihanna deserves those nominations for billboard. She puts out fresh music every year. She's forever relevant.
Now at $83k. $17k left to go. We're going to get there! Thanks to all who have helped. The generosity of strangers is humbling to behold.
Morning! Small steps add up to leaps and bounds! Always remember that when trying to reach your goals. Patience and persistence= success!!!
Love the giggles! Happy New Year to all!
And here’s a related credit card saving money tip: simply call your credit card company and ask for a lower interest rate
Negative ghostrider. The pattern is full.
turnovers are the causal factor there. The Lakers were taking care of the ball like a JV team.
take a shot for me oh oh oh oh
I would love to dance with Austin.
Happy Easter everyone have a great day!!!
Most unbelievable soccer match I've ever watched, absolutely unreal
When people are afraid of what people think of them. Lol, sucks for you. Stop trying to fit in. :)
Rappers are Ru-Paul, I'm the Kool Aid Man comin through your fuckin wall - Gangrene
Well you better figure them out... quick!!
hope recovery goes according to plan!! glad surgery went well :) get better soon! <3
good good oo
thanks Ralph! :)
Raise your hand if you googled "Ab Strain"? (hand up)
RT : RT : Everybody wanna hit da lottery but nobody wanna work and go get it! ==> they worked for the dolloar they ...
Top NBA picks will suffer the most if there's no season. Even with endorsement deals, nobody knows who they are.
I knoww. I was laughing at how her little legs were goin when she was dancing, lemme give her some fried chicken&collard greens
Breaking the rules and watching the #Creighton game online - come on boys, you can do it!
Brian Newman workshops going really well. Great turnout for Saturday's. One last today and then ... "get to work?"
You can't tell me Avicii's song Levels doesn't put you in a good ass mood. Never will get old.
Don't let the gloomy weather keep you away--relax with a tan or massage at 123 W. Madison!
And the social media final comes down to vs. Already voted today, we're up by 300
It is not a question of how well each process works, the question is how well they all work together.
also Sears warehouse in Lawernceville. Scratch and dent but come with full warranty. Bought refrig, stove there.
you grew whiskers!!
That last check in was in honor of the one and only
it all comes down to the grower. Both coasts have some great talent.
I just shake my head through the entire thing. I can't not watch. It's like bearing witness to the birth of a three-head calf.
A lead coming back to the same site a couple of times in the same day may be an indication a sales rep should give them a call
hahah thanks sweet girl! Totally found it in my moms old clothes! Rockin the retro (;
just did =D
Krieger,a bigger man and a hardened warrior supports his prince, Sebastian;steam rises as drops of his warm blood rain onto the cold ground.
and not sure that RB/WR/CB combo is gonna be enough to make up the 27 points we beat you by in 2 games last season ;)
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 21
Almost Died?
Too much homework u.u
I hate that feeling when you close your eyes to apply shampoo, and get paranoid that someone will kill you in the shower.
#All Girls Are Beautiful inside and out so go out there and live your dreams!!
Colton Dixon would make a great John Hughes character.
Leaving school to re-dye my hair and coming back after.
I've been with these crazy ass friends of mine all day I'm to tired.
Have y'all been up to the Cascades in Washington? Beautiful land there too!
750AM The Game just said security around the Timbers fans at Quakes game to "rope (them) in".
Will do! RT : Enjoy ur brats & beer at the Tweets lots so I can live vicariously. :)
is definitely hot right now
good game today. Heading back from the game now.
Diggin this rain for a little
I can't find the phone for Matt :(
What's the move??
Bacon makes everything better
I'm still waiting for one of my Facebook Friends to say, "Good Morning!" Oh God...this might be a terrible day!
if you're lucky you might end up with a mug & a magnet.
What? No questions? Buju... no questions? I want more images!
Today is National Honesty Day & #Chadevans2 passed a polygraph. If that's not a sign! #wronglyconvicted & needs to be home w. his family
i just ate a muffin and it made me hungrier.
Happy Mothers Day mom.!(:
NYC seems to be really attracting the big dogs of silicon valley. Tech boom in the city.
will be there opening home game, please all I want for Christmas is for u to use that frame to drive to the bucket and avg.15ftat
Do I see you have move to Arkansas from Minneapolis?
< u seem like a cool chick,i be sayin lil shit bout u just 2 make my dog mad bcuz he likes u...so I apologize okay?
The hidden ball trick gets them every time.
April Fool's Day is for cynics and suckers. Cynics love it and suckers like me hate it.
Well, singing Adele in my room. How how I love her. She is amazing. Going to sleep soon.
If Cinderella can get her prince charming without taking her dress off, then so can you.
Any guitars would be appreciated. Thanks!
Breakfast:Biscuits & African Farmers sausage topped w/ homemade gravy! Lunch:Fresh baked roll stuffed w/ sausage & unique spinach & feta mix
Come on Get it straight. It's San Ysidro. Your staff should know better.
I don't know who you talking to...but you preaching Doc....
Me as well. Had to turn off Bull & Fox.
Great time at Jabberwocky tonight. Sandra Harris won the contest!
I need to get out of the retail business. I can't stand people at all. Especially old ass people.
That was all part of my master plan! ;-)
Back at ya! RT Happy following , and !
I haven't been to Crystal City in years -- last time I was there, it was no better than Rosslyn...has it changed much?
This tweet came from my Twitter app.
fed ex. Memphis is the base of fed ex, so he wouldn't be working for the competition
Secret to getting my script out without stumbling over my words (and therefore less editing): read it over super-fast before recording.
They done gave Joshua Ledet a jacket from Freddie Jackson's closet.
Word from Des Moines is that Vinnie Chulk has been called up to the
nice how long are you here and does your phone work now?
Its funny how your day can be made by the smallest things :D
another reason you shouldnt be hating on them. They're older than you so show some respect. I'm done.
The best part of being anonymous: no one knows I did it. The worse part of being anonymous: no one knows I did it.
I know right! I honestly looked for 10 months and I finally found myself back at that area. I like it.
My cab driver just said he brought earth, wind, n fire into Austin this wk. I told him I'm probably more impt. Pretty sure we're both lying.
would Tuesday 19 october around 17.00 h be ok for you?
Thanks for the props Stephen!
that sounds like a long day of cinematic goodness!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Mix tape coming soon give me shout outs and get me more followers I will return the favor!
Herman Cain quoted Pokemon in his statement to end his candidacy. Wait, what?
I break GOPer stereotypes. It hasn't come easy! Lol
Oh man. Hope that you heal up quickly! You deserve, at minimum, a 5 yr reprieve from health issues at this point.
I followed because you tweet about green. Would you rather I do not follow you?
Im good to Just got back from work not to long ago, how was the Winchester show
Remember that night when became mad and threw his notebook?
RT : I'm in the Mood to Kiss Until the Sun Rises, Sadly I Won't Be Getting What I Want -.- lol
just cleaning up my house before i get ready 4 work
RIP Steve Jobs
how hard is it to make grape drank, sugar water purple!
I just KNEW you of ALL people would both catch and appreciate my Batman tweets lol
AMEN! RT : RT Who depends on another mans table often dines late<- CC haha reminds me of RJ's house! :)
dude, I miss that van so much.
Miami-Dade County closer to launching home-grown CiRM for 311 operations. big win for #open311 #openapps #opengov. more soon.
what are words for if no one listens anymore
Got my Almond Milk YUMMY(:
what's the link?
Holiday Specials! $70 for 1 hour reflexology or reiki session. Also, gift certificates available all season long. Happy healthy holidays :)
#futureprofessionals What questions do you have? What have you observed in adults that give you pause or that you wonder about?
Lobbyists don't understand there's a diff between arguing before the jury and handing out $100 bills to the jury.
No.... I got my ANKLE kicked dude. Haha. That's what I get for taking it easy on him.
just emailed the news & b. if none of them do anything then i'ma be the biggest B*TCH this world has yet to have seen. >:D
haha it's cool :) and that's good!
#Chopped British Invasion! Just when I thought it couldn't get any better.
Maybe if thye'd put pictures of Missing Children on the sidebar of Twitter & Facebook kids'd b found alot sooner!
Good for #Scrabble? MT See 's tweets for hilarious expansion of "NT" for journalism argument. cc:
“: Food+ Bal vs Pit = waiting on this flight back too Lex! Media trying to de-code your tweets now lol!!
playing piano at the Hilton Universal
you are the most beautiful thing to grace this earth PLZ MARRY ME
Broncos lost but our Nuggets beat the Mavs last night. So there's some joy in Denver. Next Sunday will tell it all when we play KC. Go Tebow
no one said explicit that I can't but I don't unless its on my computer screen. Too many people are afraid to ask for help.
Doing chemistry with jake Lichter is like an old man on his death bed remembering his life as the king of Sweden.
This works out because I may not have to stay up all night :)
Getting ready for a Easter brunch for homeless. Planning to serve 700 meals on Sunday
Later peeps gunna clean ma room *bummed* -_-
the hoop abhors a novacuum
Hahahahaha oh man
Facebook needs a "drama of the day" section in my news feed.
Good Morning Everyone :) (u can say it back if u would like) !
its pretty good(: and no i haven't made any new ones yet :/ but you should! Don't be afraid its fun!! ((:
"Disambiguate" - a word in heavy rotation @ WorldCat Discovery Day
i've never been to one before
What keeps life fascinating is the constant creativity of the soul.
If you win, you are so taking me!
when u had the gun I was so scared u were gonna shoot Martin #touch good thing u didn't lol
Praying for Tebow as those against God need an excuse to pick on him!
we can't define craft by styles... how can you? the law it is style parameters at best. Now is this law the results...
250 million photos are uploaded everyday on Facebook
I can truly say this w/o remorse i used fuck minute men until i found him.that dick was satisfyingly great and was well overly pleased
Chi town bound.
Don't call me "Retardo"... !
#quotesOpportunities multiply as they are seized.
#CheerUpJustin I'm sure you will hit #Puberty soon....
It's going alright! How about yours?How Maryland?
girl it feels like forever since we have talked :(
takes one to know one?
that's north Academy, Pikes peak is the dividing line.
and a wife
is this a bad thing?
Glad the "Save" was used as viewers Definitely were not Listening! @ American Idol
We have just been endorses by University of Nebraska Medical Center
I love when anatomy proffesors say "thats not compatable with life" it's a nice way of saying death
y did u call me that my flight UA 473 was delayed as I sat in my seat? Haha, don't tell me I'm gonna have to de-board...
We can face any situation knowing we have the strength of the program to shore us up--Karen Casey
I think this vegetarian streak is at the end
Fab idea! RT : really should tweet once a day about news from the island...just a thought.
Anybody ever just talk to their food.. Like... "you know yo a** is mine, right?" lol
Slip my shoes off, hit the club in my tube socks/still so fly that I blew the fuckin roof off
lets just see whats up on twitter real quick
I'm really fucking itchy but I can't find the source of the itch, I hate my life.
Sunday 12-2 the dog shop in gtown. I am taking Percy, Perry and Paddy pups to their adoption event, come adopt them please!!!
Just announced our latest event ... slated for August 9th at the Fred Miller Pub at MillerCoors. Check your inboxes for the invite!
had a good run with the big bro -_- i feel lazy now lol but its crunch time losing weight for prom!
We have reached the end of regulation! Score tied! We are headed to OT!!
Tamale Thursday is back! We’re setting up at KPTV in Beaverton for lunch- Get ‘em while they’re hot!
Uh this nigga is mad!!!
Thank for everyone at French Market today. It was such a wonderful day.
maybe doug matevich knows
What is your favorite movie?:)
I'm at a funeral, maybe I should address that.
Superstars at 's #smmbooklaunch tonight: strong job
I just accidentally dumped my mac and cheese down the drain.
Good luck to the students at Pace University for their final showcase!
So that's why traffic is so screwed up. Had no clew VP Biden was down the road from my house? What the heck is he doing here!?
thanks for tweet and thanks for stopping by.
#HowCanYouExpect to learn something when you already know it all
Good poetry is formulaic. Send it to me and I'll tell you if it's good. Or just hide it away until the Martians find it.
So excited to see Kendra today! Moes and Titanic 3D date after work :)
what are you doing??
I swear the Deftones are like sex to my eardrums.
So excited, tomorrow is my 50th presentation on Organizing and Time Management. Tomorrow's event is in Humble, for those who are interested
Wow i got 99 followers and a Bitch aint one thanks tweeps
yeah idk I'm not that bold when I meet people idk I get nervous and awkward easily.
O that was fast! Glad you like it :) You're invited to graduation in May of course :)
I like it! RT Kick the tires and light the fires. It's go time!
what is that smell?
in da lab... celebrating life on a new track...letz get it!!!!
I've been tryin to get you on a track. Your manager kind of shot it down. Check me out. Let me know what's good.
Kathryn sang her first dragon to sleep today. I'm so proud of her. Main characters grow up so fast.
John M. Eades~ There are some days I practice positive thinking and other days Im not positive I am thinking.
good luck bro !
Cincinnati, The weather is just as bad here. or worse at times.
Hi Brian, was hoping to connect w/ you and Ben directly. Is there an e-mail that I can best reach you at? Thanks!
Staff quote of the day: "Holy Recycling, Batman!" -Kristy, our head baker
I think you may be right ....had forgotten she had an early pop career prior to that...
Hence the tweets all with the same hashtag...so many interesting phone calls.
Heart rate starting to pick up!
Not sure how I feel about this "lighters" song.....Right now I'm thinking it needs to go.
Gary Coleman voice #WhatYouTalkingBout Willis
oh my goodness Valentines Day is gonna be a game changer!
crying like a little baby watching this carl beane tribute on nesn. :(
Getting my hair didd <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
love you!
OH YEAH OMG
Ok fix the lag please
i m high because i m cali hahah now thats funny!! lol i am high a little lol.
Thanks for the mention !
SINGLE. FUCK OFF.
thanks for following us. Hope you can make it on Saturday!
Good morning tweeps! Quick situps and pushups to start the day, who's with me?
Is it just me or does it take forever to download a movie from iTunes? I'm trying to watch #Moneyball in HD -$4.99 and an hour wait...
Nigger take a lOOk around
that's right, and oh right! haha (: happy belated birthday then. (:
In social studies long classes today.... And MAPS testing ewwww..
Big UGH ever. PHP errors boom!!, looked for a solution for an hour no luck. Walking away and came back, there was a typo in the variable.
Good luck!
that's called misophonia... Weirdo. LOL
what about a shout out to for the hottest car / import decals
I'm 12 minutes in, so I should probably stop! ;)
Tomorrow is Bulldog Spirit Friday! Wear your favorite ACC Club, Sports, or organization t-shirt with school bottoms and shoes
Hey Alums, we want to hear from you! What year and what campus did you graduate from?
hahahah nice hashtag..YES we do. ASAP. Lemme know when you boys are around..:)
Penguins set to announce Crosby's ovaries are almost healed.
MTU lessons learned: Team approach, project management, continuous improvement. Support by surveys and proper documentation
I don't get it either:( I just want to get the word out lol!
How is everyone
i just unfollowed about 200 people this is what happens to me for following every single person that follows me and then they end up...
Alex is Sexy! (:
Being African American aka black is so tight.
Someone should be sleep and I think it's me.
Morning world, morning panda eyes... DAMN i knew i forgot to do something last night lol spent the nite watchin living tv until 3 am lol
I don't usually approve of such language, but is right: #BlakesABitch ought to be trending.
Just watched bones on dvr Handcuffed man turned, walked away from camera. Handcuffs were just in his hands not on his wrists. Oops
happy new year:)
This Weeks Deal! 5000-4x6 Two-sided full color Fliers @ $185.00 + tax! Call me I will be answering phones all day!(*_*)
No one can sweep the pens.
ohyes. absolutely know what you're talking about. hoping to get up there when it gets a bit warmer...august is perfect for HB
How you feeling? How's the sore throat?
oh I would love to have a mini fridge just so I can brag about it!!(;
Do you ever have those moments where you want to snap at someone for being condescending even if he has a good message?
Hay, love<3
That movie confuses me :/
tlken to that special person;))
Flattered to be added to that list, sir! :D
GOOD NIGHT TI AMO TO ALL
#interfaceUF have had to find workarounds after TwapperKeeper - actually copy class tweets to Evernote within hours to capture them
College: Arkansas freshman Young returning to school BJ Young is returning to Arkansas for at least one more season.
Agreed! Good times :) RT : Book club at was fan-TAS-tic! Looking forward to next month's.
Really dont wanna go to school tomorrow, but i got a huge essay due, big drama club scene, &i'm supposed to borrow my friends shoes 4 wed.
I'm glad!
"Is there a police code zombie?"
thanks go the mention
Pittsburgh: Get the scoop on the latest back to school trends for hair & nails tomorrow at Macy's South Hills Village Jr. Dept. noon - 3pm
Brutalize me with music
Yep -- that path worked. Thanks!
i would tell this to erica but she's busy talking about you to david
I didn't succumb!!!! Yay me!
SO CALL ME MAYBE!!!
"Tell me is there a way Cause I don't have a clue Can I make you stay Can I hit undo."
me either
ur aunt Mary was havin a heart attack that you and Aj are moving to school on the same day
practically. Tequila with a wine chaser?
"Nothing good happens in a club at 4 AM." True, unless TONS OF FUN counts...
the waves are calling out my name And they laugh at me Reminding me of all the times I've tried before and failed
What are you doing to prep for Sunday's annular eclipse? We may be heading to West Texas for a long view....
LOL im like what is everyone talking about ... haha.
Watching Wrath of the Titans w and our son. Only thing missing is Aubrey
I just really want to meet Jonathan Toews.
:D!! That'd be a dream come #true for me.
My phones battery just went up a percent and it's not even on the charger
Drew Bree said they should get more money
It's possible that Colonel Tribune might be Bunny and Brandy's soul mate.
at the one and only Carver Hawkeye Arena with and the boys :)
#ThingsIdRatherDoThanListenToBieber Hunt down who ever made this trend and kill them slowly and painfully along with other haters :)
Lol, so that WAS you outside my window last night!!
wow, just wow. Heard the whole thing.
There truly are very few things in this world greater than Daniel Stern in Bushwacked.
great, now I want a giant cookie.
Yum should change the rims after this game
how can we get you more involved with local hs athletics
Ha, I did! Stopped at the Jewel
NYUBreakingNews thanks for following me on Twitter!
have you done any research on the school board races yet? I'm leaning one way, but feel a bit "under-informed".
ive been sick the whole past week, but im good
Russell Westbrook had 15 total tech fouls in first 3 seasons. He already has 9 this yr (5th most in NBA)
I know via , who I know from #PCAACA conference in Boston. The world is small!
Did you remember to spring forward one hour? Don't forget to set your clocks ahead by on hour today if you haven't yet.
Doin' a night shift at the ref desk. I feel oddly rusty being out here > 1 hour. I'm already sleepy!
Verdict for #Casey Anthony's trial will be read in 20 minutes! #SittingOnPins&Needles
I had a good time too. So full right now though.
I love all the #hangover tweets on Saturday and Sunday mornings... You know what they say...Hair of the dog that bit you?
We do too :) RT : I love Hawaii
I find I use DropBox for roaming app data more than anything else. So many config files!
I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL COMES OVER TOMORROW <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
that's what's up
Good Monday Morning! Time to rise and shine!
Just had a feeling . Dont worry though , i already found out the hard way .
US news says that no one was killed in the VA military plane crash into apt building: RT just said 3 people unaccounted for.
ha lol wow her belly button must be deep as HELL
#VFL RT : Jets sign Matt Simms. Finally, the team gets a quarterback.
"I think I have last my muchness"
Lawrie will play third tonight - and Miller is the 3B ump. Think there will be some interesting conversation between the two?
Nice to meet you too! Thank you!
Gospel is what I manly listen too
Snowed in
Worst game I've seen the nuggets play this season
was amazing tonight!!
RT Need an article idea? Take a 5 minute walk. Look around - you'll see article ideas are everywhere waiting to be noticed.
I write something for my blog and then don't post it. It is cathartic for me.
Every time I hear someone ask are you ready I die a little
Apologies to everyone who got spam email from me this morning. My email account was hacked. All fixed now, tho. First time for everything.
Tornado warning in Olathe/Overland Park . Tune into KCTV5 for live video of a wall cloud in Olathe from chopper 5.
| What is the best way to reach out to corporate director of marketing? Thanks!
Never woulda thought that two guys could get more hair everywhere than a girl with a small lions mane.
thanks for the follow! how u doing?
did one of them just fall? FAIL
“: I'll be recording a few covers of some of my favorite classic Rock songs..... Yall get ready!!!!” tryin 2 b part of that art
Is the "Parking in rear" sign still there?
Good day for a new rifle. Heading to bass pro
Dx got two words for you if you dont like it "Suck it"
Whoa, Portland! We learned a lot about each other last night, meeting at the intersection of weird & random. Thanks for the fun!
Consensual adult poly relationships are moral and healthy.
what if i give you ten dalla?
The LA Times is reporting that European investors are poised to buy a majority stake in Pocket Kings, the parent company of Full Tilt Poker.
My guess is yes.
Facebook is so fuckin weak man!!!
THAT FLEXED UP ! ON THE WAY.....JUST HAD TO SWITCH UP THE FEATURES
Gov. Shutdown would close National Parks... Can you really close a National Park?
Everyone! Go follow me and my friends shared One Direction account :D We follow back!
thanks for the RT, Colar! How are you?!
Eddie's Gone Till The The 16th :'[
Tonight a Bing Satellites track gets credit for helping me achieve a burst of serenity.
Heartbreak and History
good choice...I know ike had a rough practice, would like to see him pull it off
Really enjoyed The Avengers with The Incredible Hulk and frightened citizen who runs away from danger
I wish I could buy dog but my baby is scared of them :(but its soo cute she'll learn to love it.......maybe
yes, yes you did. An a pleasure to meet you lovely
I decided I do not like papaya. Adding that to my list of dislikes.
Live band playing right now at
Just enrolled our first of many Kenyans to come into OnlineRehabClinic.com. Father Thomas O' Hearn is helping the suffering in Nairobi.
I just want to know what it feels like to uppercut another human being xD
omg one direction. like so hoot
Did the heat win today?
using happy hour to your advantage... love it!
post and craigslist and you shall receive…a bunch of oddballs and flakes. (but always, eventually, a buyer)
Thanks so much for RT Timothy! Hope you're enjoying the sun :)
My dream is for Epic Meal Time to make my school lunch
"Until you value yourself, you will not value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it." ~ M. Scott Peck
Thanks 4 the fabulous review! Love what you said about Darcy!
ok...I figured out what you were talking about tie-wise.
#20thingsaboutme 17. All my favorite movies are Christian movies: Courageous, To Save A Life, Breaking The Press, Grace Card, & Oct Baby
It's Tribe day, Tribe day, gotta get down on Tribe day! ...Happy opening day 2012!
Whats Going On Bruh, How We Doing Today?
Pretty good list. I'd sub Wade for West. And add Chalmers and Rush, but that is just the Mizzou fan in me.
because I'm next to my love, Phillip. :) and you just left.
we should follow.....
Midnight showing last night of Avengers = so worth the extra tea now to keep awake for work.
It looks really good, doesn't it? One of my high scool classmates now owns it.
*nodnod* Yeah, and that's why I don't buy ebooks. It's simply not a superior experience from a usage/utility POV.
Where can I get more information about the Best In Class Social Media Program?
I having a really good hair day today. They don't happen very often, so it's nice when it does
Awww. I'm in one of those moods again:(
"...which, frankly, is a little like opening up Guns & Ammo and finding a profile of Noam Chomsky..." This is why I read
THE MEMORIES! 2 years ago we were neck-deep in Power Grid metric uploads. Happy anniversary, !
he probably just wanted to chill!! Like what's up!!
Are you missing a Mac video dongle? If so, swing by the #CILDC office tomorrow on Terrace level outside Columbia.
SO to my High Jumper Tyler Watts for finishing 3rd today @ Sunset Regionals and qualifying for State
I do love me some Kelly Clarkson . . And pussy.
New Age Ave
stop. Dont be mean.
hey Justin I don't mean to annoy you but will you please say happy birthday to my best friend . She's a (cont)
I think I have several hundred samples on my Kindle.
finna upload some pic of me and my lil sister so look -Tamya:P
School tomorrow can't wait to c him :3
I was surprise no discount double check :(
Give me the freedom to work myself out of job, but then still have one.
Just so you know, she's not telling the truth. Very intricate process to become Swiss.
I just love you!
Because they want to be in the hospital..
#Str8LykeDes.. I wanna get tatted this weekend real spit, just can't Neva find s decent artist to do em...
It’s all fun and games til you realize your Capri Sun doesn’t have a straw. That’s when the ISH hits the fan!
Playbook will sell at almost exactly the same price as the iPad 2 and in twice as many North American reatil locations.
Ha ha, yeah man. Dude's panties were in a bunch. Paranoid? We've driven to Cleveland before to see FM. Great entertainers!
The Madison Tecmo trophy is won by Wisconsin resident for 7th time in 8 years. Mort (NY) only out-of-stater (at time of tourney) to win it.
I will continue to use your services in all of my dvd and cd printing needs. Thanks again for your speediness and helpfulness! -Tyzen
living young and wild and free :D
Thanks for the follow!
How was everybodies Day?
I always pictured "She Cries" in a Great Gatsby setting, if that helps matters at all.
Two more days of school left and my summer will finally be here!
Want to make cibreo, anybody in Milwaukee or Chicago know where to source cocks combs?
Why do they even ask him to perform?
I just heard my niece for the first time!
#Three Words: Take Care Always
Exactly! ...I felt I should add something else, but am drawing a blank...
You wanna be my new dick pleaser? Follow me.
Thanks, Petteri! Happy Holidays!
ANAE health insurance program exclusive to Indian Country -
Autocorrect is like that person who just graduated college and think they know everything...
Goodness . I cant wait until #BELIEVE is finished & released (:
Dear GOP don't try to insult the faith based community with your "racist intolerant theology" Christ died for all !
This is going to be a spelling bee.
Bra shopping with my step dad is so fucking awkward. Omg.
He really just pissed me off today... I just hope my prom night anit miserable because of him
Lol what you mean "no"?
be in a fan video for Austin and Alex?(:
based in Nashville! You guys working on something exciting here in TN or just passing thru our fine city?! :)
Congrats! Take NY by storm :)
Congrats, the baby is darling. Hope you're all adjusting well. Best wishes, Stephanie
Ms hanging tough. 3-3, no outs, runners on corners.
It hasn't started yet but he's so loud and chatty
Werner Herzog's favorite movie? The Notebook.
Thank you Jesus for another opportunity.....
I can't picture this lol I'd see you more like the chick jamming a guitar standing on top of the unicorn
Well I have to do homework like a normal teen girl. :/
MAJOR WIN!
BREAKING NEWS: In honor of REM will open up today's congressional session with an acapella of Losing My Religion
Something with the word "deals" should be in #mynickname because I love the Parlor.fm app!
Dancing around to Third Eye Blind.
Do you guys want another sneak peak of the new WebCamWindow?
I actually prefer Paul Anka's Wonderwall. It works.
what is the emergency?
Thanks!! Glad you liked it.
Awesome, thanks
You Know I Got U Boo I text you the info
If a person looks weird chewing gum, That's how they are gonna look forever, hurry up and dump them!! #uselessadviceIwould'ntuse
for real
Make #website content accessible during a
sounds like fun, enjoy!
i read between the lines of the eyes of ya brows ya handshake aint matchin ya smile ill holla...fake niggas
TSOI-LA is checking out Kisses at the Make Music Fest in Pasadena. Shit tons of fans.
just pick what looks good & take a chance. I go w/ my gut every year & haven't be let down yet.
The word "crestfallen" makes me laugh. Random, but true.
what up lib u still makin that crack music?
#imagine waking up to a text from Austin. "Morning baby, I just wanted to tell you again how beautiful you are, and how much I love you"
Wow! RT : the performing geniuses: #FF and more
to help states and municipalities. Arguably more deserving of tax breaks than oil companies.
It will be well worth it. Good luck to you!
- Sunflower of course.
for my deep frying party I will be having in June, I will be ordering a case of Manzanitas
Wow. That was a nice catch by Giancarlo Stanton. I think I heard the wall scream in pain.
thanks! I won last year... Not trying this year :-)
I just wanted to see if you thought I was gone really tell you some lol
“The man who stops advertising to save money is like the man who stops the clock to save time”
thanks for the RT on the Corporate Philantrophy session!
wanna walk outside with me?
Please don't be mistaken...we're still going to need that coffee order.
what about best cameo ever
Can't wait!
Thad Wilson will be performing at tomorrow's jazz night! 6-9, $5 Cover. 400 I Street, SW.
Bootywhole is sucha wild word take the time to txt or type it out and see how crazy its feels Lmfao
Imma go soft tomorrow!
happy weekend back!!
Wait? Are you signed?!:)
think i give a fuck ? that's where you wrong hoe .
Blue devil college cup ralky today! Wearing the wrong colors but oh well!!!
There's so much awesome crud going on tonight, join us!
Gary- the frogs and some other samples will ship today Kevin
Just discovered was cancelled, too. It's time to give up on original TV programming. Unless it's a reality show, you're SOL.
Ron Little is back up again in front of the board updating the board on the district's Title One spending.
I knew we could count on the market manipulators. They pulled the market back up after going negative. Now, it will close sharply higher.
Just ran into Obama again...
Happy Memorial Day, a time set aside for America to remember its men and women who died to give us all our freedoms and liberties.
CHANGE - #OKCTrivia Night is now TONIGHT at Whiskey Chicks. Come watch #Thunder vs. #Hornets and show off your brain power after!
And I just stepped on a toy... in the dark.
Watching Glee this show is pretty good, I never watched it before lol.
like last season RT : they won't pull a bottom 2 it'll be randomized
Good morning!:)
Is it coffee + espresso + water, or just espresso + water?
I heard you say the word TILT a number of times during the show. Was that an ode to ?
I sure wish I could!!! You guys are beyond AMAZING!!! Much <3 from Tiffy <3
Really, ? A service fee of $6 AND $4 for 'order processing?' What in the hell service are they doing if it's not 'order processing?'
We had a conversation that prompted me to find my Burma-Shave book, but we can't recall anything about the conversation.
well lookie what we have here.... :)
hey I'm here too - we should meet!
Why is he dunking? Seriously. ": Looks like Delonte West hurt his hand on that dunk."
Huh? Does the post D not get better at the next level?
I ddn say I was beat u
On our way to S.A!
Students are finishing papers. #Ebscodatabases give wrong format for MLA citations. Aaargh.
they will have an energy star logo on front near controls. ;) give nacho a cuddle for me!
Toxic Gas in Dogs' Vomit a Threat to Vets: CDC - U.S. News &amp; World Report
Southwest Airlines and its subsidiary AirTran will operate flights to Mexico beginning May 24.
RT : Focus on the positives...what you pay attention to is what grows....
Yeahh um could she drop u off? Because Idk. My mom went to dinner with a friend so..
Sporting my jeans today in support of 's 1/2 marathon for Congrats to my dad - 6 months lymphoma-free!
thank you for following me.
Oh my god i hate spiders
yeuuuh!<U+2764> (; gahhh, he makes my heart stop when he says my name in Purple Sky!!!<U+2764><U+2764>
You at tomorrow? I might need human contact. There's a closet I can secretly work in, right?
A guy who will snuggle with me all day when I don't feel good..
You can't pray away gay! They are born GAY let them be who they are and encourage them to be the best of who they are! LOVEEM
I was asking about price cuz i don't exactly have the money to be buying beats right now. I mostly use instrumentals.
This okc la series could get very interesting. Highly anticipating game 1
AMAZING! RT : Special #2 - BAR COASTAL - frisee tossed in bacon vinegarette, dill aioli, fried bologna,...
keep me informed!
I like him too I hate Federer
Lash Enhancement: A thin tattoo of color placed on the lash line. Fills in the skin color between lashes. Instantly increases volume.
RT : Someone take my test for me. This is an emergency
. Mike McKinnon: No bigger issue than education. Parents need to get involved in the conversation. (WE AGREE!)
I can't believe it is that time again! We are recruiting for our 2012 season! If you think you have what it takes email !
have u not seen them post fish era with their next star sessions..? n kobe was on a record breakn streak before he was out!
I got a rew endorsement deals we can work out lol
Why so much chatter about Beyonce and J's wonderful new child coming than the economy,Poverty,Black Unemployment and Kids heading to school
if bottle caps didn't exist, my lap-top would have been fried about eight diet-coke-gallon-bottle-knock-overs ago. #DWEEBS!!
#remeberthat everything happends for a reason.
Cars have turn signals for a reason. Use them!
Insert required tweet about the earthquake here. Yes we felt it in MD. Yes the school was shaking. Yada yada yada...
"When I'm through with you, I'll make you wish you could die."
They walkin around w/ bottles n <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> haha
i will never say my name to people cause i do not well it is just ohh forget it i just well i am cant say age to not a rule
Are you going to prom? with who?
Yesterday had last ever meeting with thesis committee-- next step is graduation on May 21
What are pinestate biscuits?
Accomplishments today: writing several letters & finally taking down holiday decor.
Scatter sunshine. Live today without unhealthy thoughts and day by day it becomes habitual and you're moving towards a healthier lifestyle.
Last day of work tomorrow then its 12 days of paradise :)
#aeconf Thank you! I was totally inspired by DJ Spooky last night - still thinking about it - great job!
ball so hard or apparently fall so hard? :)
Boyfriend got a 69 #chevelle today. Can't wait to ride in it! :)
I feel u I hate dat shyt. I wish that it last longer its like it makes u sleepy ion know but I love dat shyt dough
I need about FIVE of those!!!
Haha kims happy she got the first parking spot today :)
i just discovered if you say come here dumbass my dog comes running
copy that!! Then I guess bodacious is out? Ha
I ment to say I saw it
UGGGHHH I know it sucks I hate Park a lot.
wait that show is still on??
American Civil War Center at Tredegar = a great place to start - overview from 3 perspectives - Union, Conf & Af American.
He's hitting out of the park.
Flatbread Feature: Beef Short Rib w/ red onion, crimini, jalapeño & provel Soups: Korean Pork Hot & Sour or Watermelon Gazpacho
Will do.
ok, THIS is hilarious!!!! Laughing.
Thanks. We try to rock. We're just not so good at mail order retail!
I highly recommend the camera+ app. Not only is it good, but every app update is written with humor. Recent update has "remorse + regret"
No, but it looks fantastic! We'll have to try it. Thanks!
I'LL BUST ALL OF THE GRAPES IN WELCHES BACKYARD IM ABOUT THAT LIFE AND I DONT PUMP BREAKS MEN DO WHEN THEY SEE ME
with me its always been me takin care of other ppl and makin sho they iight.I got 3 family members in tha hospital RIGHT NOWso who HELPS ME?
You did your thing tonight. Im so happy your back. You were and will always be the queen of hip hop & R&B!!!!!
fa sho I'll email with all he details!!!!
and i bet you this concert will be 3x the length of the last one!!!
Well aren't we just a match made in DM heaven. :) Let me guess... your day 1 would've been "It's No Good"?
Yay:-) Im still anxiously waitng for the new album!!
UBIQUITY IN THE HOUSE AT DEEP TONIGHT SEE YOU IN THE LOUNGE...
look for us in the Roundup Tent at the KISS Cook-off @ CB Park in Davie tomorrow!!!
Well this really sucks, im about to just take my phone, ipod, and computer and throw them in a lake. #no use anyways
our mobile phone has more computing power than all of NASA in 1969. NASA put a man on the moon. We put a bird into pigs.
and zahremar for dessert
Chillin by the fire while we eatin fondue.
are you suggesting that my dog is not smart enough to read a clock!?!? Sick 'em, !
RT if I am NOT following you so I can follow you, must be following my friend - 4
Wtf my brothers dumb as shit, he's crushing ice while everyones trying to sleep..who does that..
when dwight howard refers to god telling him where to play is he referring to david stern or tebow?
Omg followed me!!!!!
the daughters and lady cops that is. I'm good on dudes & cop 'staches.
thanks, great job to you guys too!
which ones?
Thx much 2 - I'm just starting out, I really appreciate your RT of my post! I look forward learning more as we share!
Random Thoughts: Just wondering how many vehicles Chrysler dealerships will be selling in the coming months.
Thanks for the message. Hope all is well Goods101
Let me know what he replies. Thanks!
The 15" Air will likely be coming in Q3 this year. New Intel chips seem to be the hold up.
i have kik wanna talk in there?
My first 6 followers who are still going strong. Thx all
Front row for AWOLNATION and Fan Jam? Lucky! Im about halfway back. :/
interesting.... I'm working of course! Tryin to do lotsa work before I'm gone for 2 weeks!
ALRIGHT! THANKS TO EVERYONE THAT TUNED IN TO MY FIRST EVER LIVE TWEET EXPERIENCE! I HOPE YOU LOVED IT AS MUCH AS I DID!
at about 5:30pm. :) If tea isn't getting the job done... coffee will certainly help. Good luck!
or possibly since the day you were!
RT : When someone says "YOU can't do it", that's THEIR limitation NOT yours. RT
I just love to dance alone everywhere anywhere anytime as long as I'm dancing
I am what you want cause you like what I make , I am what I am and you is who I say!
giada de laurentiis book signing for my sister in law's birthday gift. Heyo!
RT Roosevelt: eyes on the stars, feet on the ground
Josh Hamilton just hit his 4th home run of the game
Heading out tomorrow for GA and FL - 2 TV, 3 radio, 2 concerts, a women's retreat, and a worship service. Should be an interesting week!
Clarification: The Pike 1836 E. 4th Street, Long Beach. Tonight!
Successful week with family business last week. I love it when that happens.
Still love Rick Ankiel. Great throw and energy. I like this Nats team.
In a boot
Email me to get on that promotion
hey hey
Woke up @ 8 this morning rushing to get ready for work then realized it was Sat. Then my roomie wakes me up at 9 vacuuming!
You mean not before midnight? Because Sunday starts at 12:00 a.m. Or not until later in the weekend?
Registered Sacramento Process Server; subpoenas, summons, small claims, divorce, wage garnishments, bank Levy, and more 916-509-0677
Don't ever graduate!!!! The real world kinda sucks. I wake up every day wanting to go back to college
After four years, Pullman IS home.
Finally figured out my blog idea...hopefully it will turn out ok.
#slcwebinar Selling point to gain leadership traction -Show how PKM enhances collaboration and innovation.
First they ignore you. Then they laugh at you. Then they attack you. Then they patronize you. Then they ignore you again.
Member Half Day your FIRST time!!!!xD RT : , those were the good times! Now its all bunch of drama -.-
I'll make you a name tag this weekend. Or maybe a special hat.
That's my point. I picked on the lady with the blanket, but she was surrounded by men who cowered like sissies.
Don't know what you are asking RT : You mean via RTs?
I understand that, but this is getting ridiculous and we have no draft picks. It Just seems like we are Goin downhill
Gaff - Home, place of residence. ex: That's some pretty fancy gaff you got there!
OTD in 1985 Billy Joel married model Christie Brinkley on a boat moored alongside the Statue Of Liberty. They divorced in 1993.
So much for bucket of rain.
I don't even care.
Every home should have a sitting room without a TV where the art of conversation can be honed and practiced. And a dog :)
Got your DM re: #web #design. :) Would you like me to #add you to my #list of #webdesigners? #webdesign :) :)
Right where I left you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
"While God values skill. He doesn't accept our worship on the basis of it." 1Peter 2:5 -Bob Kauflin
how's it run? I might be interested I'll know within week
I just realized that I really need to hit the ATM before the Hot Snakes show tonight.
I saw it. It's just ok, I was expecting better than what the trailers showed. and it should have been the strongest but wasn't
got to meet you a while back and you couldn't have been nicer. The way you treat your fans is one of a kind! Keep crushing dude
thanks for sharing....?
I could go the rest of my life without ever having to be subjected to hearing another Phil Collins song again. (Shudder)
Eating like I wanted to become the next half ton woman this weekend has caused this morning to be a very hungry and grumbly.
Tomorrow is important
haha i think I'm the only one who didn't see it last night!
Well, Instagram wasn't built in a day, after all. : I hope so. Still a long way off sadly
put malakoff, tx . up on music this weekend.
Thank you for the RTs!
Stay tuned for some more FREE Milwaukee ticket giveaways tomorrow and the rest of this week!
Attachments to outcomes create stress, especially because the path to your goals is almost never a straight line-let those attachments go.
Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can. And just when you think it can't get any better, it can.
The neighbors are blasting their mexican music...
I'll LOL at both of you when he doesn't. And then be sad bc we're stuck with Tristan Thompson.
Forget Aaron Rodgers...the belt lies with Steve Novak. #Linsanity continues and it effects everyone on the team.
Ey yo, shout out to my boi for being featured in ATL falcon twitter pic!
Just filmed a video of him, Comfort and Allison dancing at a club. I'll post it later. RT : I LOVE TWITCH
Bought my mommy her gift (: , its so hard to hide it though !
Lots if outdated info...please call for fact checking
Health Tips: sunblock also blocks Vitamin D production!
No Jordan Jefferson today? I believe points will be scored!!!!! JJ gone for life!!!! Yaaay!
Make Huge Profits Selling Air Fresher -JustSmellSoGood.com www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
Since "Baby Tigerdactyl" now has a name, his new twitter handle is
I'm getting a check every week for the next 3 weeks.
Skype later when you're feeling recovered?
<3 i'm fine now. needles is always fine
haha well you can't argue with that lmfao
i seen dance he did really good i hope he WINS !
Brutal loss for the knicks, worse loss in a win for the bulls: Torn ACL for Rose.
RT : Happy day! Nootropics is A++, go on and get it.
"Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do." -Orison Swett Marden. Sweat dreams, yogis.
I could be there in 6 hours to help you pack... I'm a great packer. Well for everyone else, alone im a procrastinator
65 percent of women in shelters can't find employment due to the economy
lol - We're going to have to disagree (strongly) without being disagreeable. ;)
entrees are $8-$12, we are reasonably priced! Come visit!
Have a good day at school :)
in honor of National Chocolate Chip Day, I'm eating a large bowl of kale!
I'd let y'all help stain my deck, but it has to be done *just so* and I really don't think you have the necessary skill.
#ff our good friends and business @
Don't require a holiday to say the words "Thank you."
hay u there
Hey , Happy birthday!
I don't know what I would do without my brother sometimes.
Welcome back, Zach Phillips.
Ground Zero for the Pussyitis Outbreak!!!
So Tyrael is basically Black Jesus
My professor just asked a student 'why they are smh?' Lol and then asked how ultra was... Lmfao.
Thanks for the add Pearl!!
if you obey all the rules, you miss out on all the fun
this shall be interesting...
The days are getting longer, the weather warmer - time to stock up on Lemonade?
I can see getting a ticket for parking on the wrong side when plows are out but any other day is just bonus $ for the city.
should be a packed house. Im taking wife to see Michael Jackson show at the Fabulous BMore Arena or I would join.
Great song!
follow the team!
BEST SONG EVER! RT : #NowPlaying Florence + The Machine – Shake It Out on
Speaking of mom. She needs to get home. #tengohambre. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
When you say your gonna do something you do it cause your word is your bond
Pat Elwood deserves a medal. MT : #DCcaucus vote counters r doing best w disaster created by decisions made earlier @ higher level
I'm fine today my fellow Geordie
Veronica was just bragging about how she beat you... wha?
Stiff, Aloof, and Indecisive
Now it's time for bed before this migraine gets completely out of control. Night all! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
LMAO! Ur right about that son!
Avengers is a 2 & a half hour long movie just to let anyone know who wants to see it
Is local search really important for LBSs? You bet. What's that look like? Contact me.
Felt just like old times .
So glad I pay 80 bucks a month for shitty service inside my house. Thanks,
If you can give me a contact, I will find the right person to message you. Thanks.
Hot Fudge Sunday!!!
What's the URL?
o hai I'm back! I was eating pop tarts and chilling with my mommy!
I want to be more than a story to tell your friends.
I've had this happen before. I've also made this recipe and had it result in amazing, fluffy, delicious rolls. Stumped!
Tossed and turned all night last night. My chiropractor is going to be so mad at me. My back feels like I was run over by a truck :-/
If you win the mega millions jackpot tomorrow, why you shouldn't contact the lottery office first. Tonight at 6:30pm
Accomplishing things before the microwave reads 0:00...
It's been several years since Reach. Plus, Terrence is right. The co-op stuff is potentially revolutionary.
Going to have some fun over the next couple of days !
Full credit given to I just took the picture.
And God said, "Let there be light," & there was light. God saw that the light was good, and He separated the light from the darkness.
yay! Can't wait to see you guys!!
Hopkins fast tracks people. Plus had motivation of keeping a TT job in order to finish.
My life is about to embrace destiny! I agree !
I'm proud of you :)
#MLSProtectedPlayerListsAreLate because the #MLS had to make sure the #LAGalaxy dind't want to sign a 4th designated player from any of them
": That's awesome! Great movie & one of my favs as well #LAFilmFest"
“Dogs are not our whole life, but they make our lives whole.” - Roger Caras
I look a bit too serious for my tastes but otherwise I thought it was a fun pic.
Heading to Salt Lake City for the Smart Card Alliance Payments Summit. WIll be on the 'NFC Apps & Services' panel Thursday.
that horrifying moment when your cartilage piercing closes and you have to re-pierce it yourself...
one dude, and one.. non-dude. Namely my wife :)
RT : I'm moreso concerned that my friends make it safely up o dc.. hghkey
When people retweet things that are completely opposite of how they act or feel
Just had a flashback to 5th grade b/c I totally used to wear the flipup shades in school. I was THAT kid.
The elves in the new T Mobile commercial really and truly sound like they're singing "walking in an orgy wonderland."
so are you back on coffee?
& are u going to the annual seaside heights water plunge this years ? (:
My son drew Humpty-Dumpty and said, "It looks like you Dad." Lmao
Okay, another miss for me. Too much Cruella not enough Glenn
Let's be honest - tonight might wear you out for the rest of the week!
Race for the Cure! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086>
Our shuttle driver this morning is a real character. "Whole Foods is HQ'd in Austin. We have like the Sears of Whole Foods here." What tha?
Mayweather is going to win the fight. Knockout after 5 rounds.
let's keep the besmirching of Gorman to a dull roar.
Glad to hear you are feeling great about your decision! I miss your Tweets. Don't forget us! :)
If you are playing cell phone bingo on B 97 the number for 11:35am was 3! Make sure you're listening at 1:35pm today
Shout out to our new followers
Are you looking to expand your brand in creative ways on social media? If so, contact Your Thoughts, LLC!
So powerful to hear my students' stories--their voices--live. Inspired!
Happy 28th birthday to the beautiful and talented ! Have loads of fun babe. <U+2665> xx
Wheels is a stabber.
Our pleasure, Scott! So glad to hear your enjoyed everything.
According to an AAP’s report, the use of fever-reducing meds should be focused on making children more comfortable, not ridding fevers.
Happy to be reminded tonight that Freud's first psychoanalytic publication was when he was my age. Where is my Breuer? My Anna O.?
Spurs Are Out Here. OKC Vs Spurs For WCF?
#Celtics all day I got a little worried but ill I'm looking forward to greener days on TNT
How when where and of course what I came from, and what I really see and hear. Though My Next Novel is 6 Chapters. called "The Sea"
I hope your Grandma's doing ok.
"i had a dream of a dream".. "wow, you wrote that" LMAO!!
what time?
Tip of the day correction: looking both ways prevents both time saving and car attacks.
I'm not in it and it's fucking with I hate altercations bad vibes go a long way
RT Met Jim Coutts this afternoon...PM Pierre Trudeau's top advisor. Jim wanted to see a bird in my backyard! - hope you blog this
Crap! Was hoping Kirkpatrick would fall to Tennessee
Whiskey and anxiety all the things.
thnx for following
Not gonna lie that prom was better than all the proms I went to in high school lol
Just discovered my dryer sheets are #compostable! #WasteDiversion Can't hang laundry - next best thing for now.
Whoa! Tomorrow is my first day off in....? :)
. Glad you're having a wonderful time!!
follow me please (:
West Side Market...it is busy! Say hi to me at the Orale stand.
My life is flashing before my eyes.
my birthday iZ cuming up..... TRUE
Congrats Bronze for Head Hunter!!
We're sorry to hear about your problem. Please contact us directly at so we can look into it. Thanks!
performance per spindle, performance per GB, yes both of these go down, but perf per spindle is flat
when i read your tweet i saw 'disco'
I think I'll just stick to selling houses. Remodeling them is not as easy for me.
Know of any online interactives on conservation of ancient sculpture?
twitter is social media but know that the online friendship and sharing your mom with us was so appreciated! nuthinbutluv!!
I agree... Thank you Pres Obama...
grazing the nye appetizers. drinkin a two hearted.
When you get something that you don't work for, you won't know how to value or maintain it. -Devon Franklin
I won't lie, that word makes me uncomfortable, but I was really mad. Also, always cracks me up. Always.
we've all said that before haha. Where are you at?
loves chilling and listening to IMC
Wait...why does this have to involve math? :)
Much appreciation to Pittsburgh! You guys are the best!!! Thanks for the follow
tweet something lol!
the wwf/ecw/wcw rivalry was cool for a minute though. When they first bought it and kept the brand
Hell yeah
I know that guy ! He is hillarious. When I read his tweets I can here him saying it in my head lol
Well, I cheat a little via Hulu, but it still makes for a heck of a lot more free time!
oh wait you do a # sign! hahahah! #lovindereknagel ....there ya go! :)
probably some other, I suspect.
Skinner outlines project aims: data prep, distributed preservation, and collaboration for both digitized/born-dig newspapers
Thanks. It's my way of publicly taking notes.
That's too funny! I'm seriously gonna throw a party when I get to 6000 tweets like you my friend.
We are a cover band and we play some of The Runaways songs & Joan Jett songs along with other classic rock covers :)
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!:)
is working on some hot new tracks with some very awesome singers! Who's into dubstep here?
- thanks for the tweets for the show tmrw, which will be AWESOME! Pls introduce yourself to the producers-we'd like to met you!
Unlikely bedlam in the markets can be averted now. New Italian gov't can slow it, but ECB action needed as too many countries on the brink.
Lebron consulted Jim Harbaugh on his decision.
How the fuck does win a Nickolodean award when she's on fucking diesney channel? ..
Thank you to MAZOLA Corn Oil for hosting such a great event in NYC. Pictures coming soon!
don't kill any squirrels Wallace :)
There's a #fatburger in Vancouver?! O_o Ice Cube is now playing on repeat in my head.
stoopid if you ask me
Monster win for Stay safe in Wichita too!
we know people who know people who can get them in your hands :)
great poem by McDonough!
that's what's up.. Holla at me around 4
thats too much work im too lazzyyy
iam trying to run it on my 3gs but it doesn't work...he is a lair
i'm bored! btw goodnight =] sleep well
I like that trailer... good stuff
RIP sabrina <3
good times are when you're in texas okay come home
I'm still trynna hit the gym 2day
nice to meet u too girl!
see - they love you!
#SmackDown yes yes The New Nexus win
All of today's tweets have disappeared. What's up with that ?
i seriously can't wait for abdc
Please ck out my site for women and create a profile www.kissandim.com/register
Glad to be working with #Queens Theatre in the Park again this year! is just the bestest!
i hate when I'm trying not to spend money, then I get some coupons in the mail -_-
After the terrible start and alot of bad luck , and injuries, i'm very encouraged by the Sox.Have faith Sox nation, i believe.Go Sox !
Smith's Nursery in Johnston County. He told me they fed catfish, too.
When choosing a show, look at all past show info and speak to past exhibitors and attendees for evaluation. #trade show #DJ Heckes
are u going to the fiesta parade?
Happy dancing with you! So glad it's Friday! :-)
or they could also be lying through their teeth to impress the girl! Think thats possible?
I just got laid off from my office job...well now its time to focus on my acting like I needed too.
Jenna Bolingbroke - Daniel Cope - I'll Show You New York - G324 Music Video June 2012
right! I started crying. Some people in this world today are just heartless!!!
I really like your decor that you use on your website www.urbanlifestyledecorblog.com
also forgot to say you're welcome. Oops
Pokemon. I'm holding off on the 3DS for now, don't have the money, and there's still games to be played on the DS.
Just sent out the acceptance notices! (And sadly, the "we don't have enough room for all" notices.)
Sarasota Software Company Wins Award at Silicon Valley Conference
congrats! That's awesome.
I'm so ready for
can u follow me... Ur following me from my other account
At the post office getting my passport stuff all squared away. Cancun in December with my bro!
What the fuck.
Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there! Especially to the few I've made out with. <3
silverstein acoustic on Pandora >>
Done with my French class and looking forward to HP6 midnight premiere!
Thank you for tweeting my blog post!
TONIIIIGGHHHTTTTT, WE ARE YOUNG. RT What a great day
Now, where's my arpeggiator?
hoping he see the video think he will like it thanks for RT
Ill give it a few more days to see if its worth it.
DiCaprio gets more LIKES on cause-based posts than film-related posts on Facebook
I'm bored): who wants to do something
Love Conquers All
Awww. Too sweet. Sisters are the best!! I love mine 2.": #FF my amazing, gorgeous, brilliant and hilarious sister!”
The same planet where 99% of Catholic women use birth control is my guess.
Chiana:You know that puppy that's always looking in thru the window over the bathroom sink? Looks just like me!
A one of those women, I plan to do just that.
you mean #ThatAwesomeMoment ?
I hate being alone! :(
#Spurs coach Gregg Popovich Named 2011-12 #NBA Coach of the Year
I love when calls me and he sounds happy. It makes me smile.
Damn I can't wait to put these mixtapes out which one should I put out first newest to old or oldest to new
check out our reverb page and see what you think. We would love to open for a cool band at .
it's getting so crazy!!!
is this an alphabetical order game?
The queens, kings and jacks are starting to gathering in the tournament area.
we missed you in chi this weekend!! I want to come visit you in Dallas soon.
Sweet! thanks!!!! hope youre awesome.
All of this shows up in the third mvmt again
can I do "and this is crazy"?
Run a creative business? I highly recommend the book "The Business Side of Creativity" It's been an invaluable guide the past 5-6 years.
Looks like I was #100 :) Absolutely LOVED my experience at Butcher & The Burger.
They all scream OFF WITH THEIR HEADS
Losers quit when they're tired. Winners quit when they've won. Champions quit when they get ejected.
. please don't
Thank you!
damn thatss amazing :)
Ooh, good one. And then, disguised as the Parson, he murders himself in the Retraction.
you don't want party tips from me..lol I can tell you what NOT to do
up and down, up and down, up and down...yo-yo emotions
Eating new castles and drinking a cola champan in my PJs cause I can ;)
Carrega Gil Vicente !!!!!!
Heather, this time it was it should be mobile, quick, and sensitive
#TEAMRED Red all the way !!!! <3
I'm an expert at defensive driving. :)
will need all media requesting credentials to e-mail ...MAY 9th..ALMOST HERE!!!
Picking OKC in 4 it doesnt matter who wins this,both teams suck
So hubby says get yard sign for his opponent..So goes the battle of the yard signs. This will be interesting!
#confession I've never smoked.
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails. - William Arthur Ward
Slow day at work?
Happy Mothers Day: be nice to mom while U still have her.
I am getting a Honey Badger. He don't care.
you are NOT A GEEZER! And it is a compliment dummy lol
Day one of break = success
My best PBTM seats were eighth row for...12/28/94! It's never gotten any better in 16+ years?!?!?!?!?
The #1 response from men so far is that they say they want to be hugged and cuddled without them having to ask
Come to Indie MusicFest tonight at 11! $10! Awesome music!
After Manu's first two dunks, he may have been a little over eager on the third attempt. One more step and he would've had it.
Yep. Those are the two choices I've boiled it down to as well :) Thanks for your input!
I know i would get on facebook. but my facebook website on my computer aint working so i just got twitter (: !
I want chips ahoy cookies.
YAY SPRING BREAK
Every night I bring a desk's worth of paper home to work on. My goal is to leave work one night without my work bag or lap top. #Doable?
you are a BAD APPLE.
do you feel you are entrapping these companies/people you go after?
Follow Friday
MT : Today's Marie Curie #googledoodle pique your interest in women scientists? Meet more w/ this slideshow:...
It's only Tuesday?!? Ugh I thought it was #wantedwednesday :(
Thanks for the follow
Ouch. RT : "I don't need to see Hunger Games -- I have a non-tenure track position in academia." Ethan Perlstein, on Twitter.
I saw more than a few Kindle's in the hands of young 20'somethings on my Amtrak ride this weekend. I still prefer my iPod Touch
Wasn't there but still fired up! : RT if you had amazing day in Richmond with Pres. Obama and 1st Lady. VA is fired up &
Cake cake cake. He wanna lick the icing off lol RT : “ Ah man this is love making weather #RiRiMoment” O_o
when girls get boob jobs, nose jobs, butt implates, i cant help but yell
Franklin & Oak Creek out with 1 suspect.
Thank you!
in short, I'm rocking this shit and need a monitor with more pixels
RT In matters of style swim with the current; In matters of principle, stand like a rock. --Thomas Jefferson
with out a doubt in my mind..
that was my shit still is
Aria: Free mj tickets, a contact at 1 oak, & catching the tail end of a photoshoot with
It's almost 12 and I haven't started my paper. Don't really care
Hey , , , , can't wait to see your shorts tomorrow! Tell us about it!
May 18, 25, and 26 for karaoke next month - always a good time!
- thanks for the RT! ;)
Try a piece of light lemon cheese cake with fresh fruit on top @ Firehook Bakery!!
Maybe a few minutes for that many rows.
Two unrelated items: I might be running my first 5K next month (I'm scared). & I totes ate an ice cream treat for breakfast.
Emma keeps calling me "mommy" lol
Just me n him today !! <3
congrats, Connor
In 2006, Pletcher set a singleyear earnings record of $26,820,243 – breaking the record held by his mentor D. Wayne Lukas...
let's do it! :) I'll text Farhad to set it up!
Can't wait! RT Bmore today to see !! And 4 weeks til the sunny beaches of San Diego to see !
Send us and email and let's talk!
bruh i got them dre now
Until day after Mother's Day.
you claim you dnt remember anything
Packers are up 14-3. If you aren't at cans you are missing one hell of a super bowl game
Thanks!! Can't wait for our Valentine's Day lunch tomorrow :)
Really need to sleep. -____-
her mom was like "Erica wtf!!! Go over the sink & splash water in it." slut trait lmfao
My phone is telling me I'm low on space......I have no clue what to delete
U can start by forgiving yourself
it doesn't matter what i do at all next week as long as i change the fact that has never had cookie cake
If she never used MSN instant messenger
Wow I did not notice that the vice president of a&g followed me, it's very nice to meet you.
I love my mum & my mema
Just booked a L'Oreal commercial! Didn't even know they made guys stuff... cha ching! Shoots wed.
Congrats to Lola Pictures for their fantastic Range Rover commercial!! We can't wait to see it!
... made them..I love mine..beer..and a little hat over left eye...so awesome
Was Taken that good of a movie to get a #FamilyGuy spoof? It was ok, but spoof worthy?
Its Gorgeous out. Come down for a #BloodyMary & listen to sounds by Rangers Game 7!! Then late night sounds by
I'm gonna stair at the wall because I'm like so cool.
Btw, resumes next week Thursday, March 15, after a few month hiatus. All are welcome! We had great turnouts in the fall.
Thanks for the mention!
O MY GOODNESS. BDubs is so busy tonight!
In the Auditorium waiting for the General Session to start up. Way excited about !
Not much been skateboarding alot haha:)
Move your brightest/most energetic students around the classroom to provide a catalytic effect for their classmates - a bit of rubbing off.
“: Oh Twitter, we meet again...” maybe you'll stick around awhile, this time? haha
I can barely talk .
yea n most of em look like shrek so its hard to kno
You MUST try Santa Maria style when in SoCal! Converted me to dry rub...I ate so much at Shaws I had to lie down in the car.
"Are you as bored as I am?" Read that backwards & it still makes sense!
who needs #komen... i bet only 20 cents on the dollar actually goes to the cause.... lame.
aww that's so sweet <3
epic kosher meal time happens today at 4 at Hillel. be there.
just checked and all good
cool ranch doritos, omg
Milwaukee->NYC->Raleigh->Park City->Portland->Milwaukee
You honestly don't know how much I miss you and how much I want you back..
Fair point. Help out your fellow thumbs down-ers. How do you currently measure ROI?
#nw The Green Hornet
im bad at 4 things: swimming, throwing a football, growing a full beard, and taking the subway.
oh it was no prob. And im good haha. U? :)
Thanks! Maybe ill see u there. Good luck!
Marlins Park is feeling a whole lot like Antarctica right now
Arkansas offered Jessica Dorrell a first class ticket out of Fayetteville. She declined because she only rides coach
DUDE best one yet. You kiilllllllled it
Ayyyeeeooooo (: Follow me . . .
another MINUS: we've already forgotten NAME of the new store (too generic) ..but cant forget the name (luv that name)
For starters, I want rule-based sorting and actions, one interface for searching, and a single identity record for each person.
Excellent support!
Haven't Been In This In Awhile
Alright so we all joked about wearing Camo last year to prom, but this kid actually did it.
Hey -I think #DrewBrees might be tired. Let's let him rest on the bench for a little bit, huh?
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly. TRUE?? ^^
Mother Monster and we that!! We are little monsters since you your it see You are going to gain the AMA's because always you win Gaga i <U+2665><U+2665>
Why are people in LA so idiotic most of the time?? Blows my mind!!
Then y arent all sins illegal? Point is people want to vilify gays but have no problem allowing other sins in our society
wait I missed the part where Philly is up by ten.. wtf celtics
All of these people make their money through real estate.
good luck and cheers to a great season. Hit em straight.
no I didn't ! You did! Lol.
GGMU!! RT : Cant wait for game tomorrow. Massive game. Hopefully 3 points for us.
In Bangor, french fries are called 'suck wands'. I could not uncover the entomology of this.
What is theatre?
Working princess breakfast this morning in Norway!!
Writing another song
hahaha, that's a tough one! But cavities and gingivitis --- maybe I will :?
I'm an IU fan, but D. Green is Big Ten player of the year.
Bold Statement.
At Mathnasium with my 12 year old. Owner is passing out popsicles to customers to stay cool. Air conditioning broken. Bummer. 110+ today.
Finally back to screenwriting! And filming a new short film starting this weekend! Welcome back, productivity!
I need to buy sum veet or nair
and nits are of course at the core of nitty-gritty > tell that to Southerners > True Grits?
Lil B The Based God for president of Egypt!
#TimeSci What difference if you send an email or post a blog at midnight or 6am, as long as it is *there* to be read in the morning?
Come to the Cellar Wine Tasting on 1/28/10 at Hotel Oregon. Only $15/person, reservations requested. Call 503.472.8427 for more info!
Reed Smith Adds kCura Relativity to Help Power Its E-Discovery Team
oh Jim, true story :)
I could look at those green eyes all day, hahaa.
Will do! thank you & good morning Gary!
u only live once so party.
Lesson of the day from Rex Sikes, make rich friends!
great... if you can make it to Pasco we'll do lunch!
Withh Oliver in the school buss. <3 c;
Pool games are getting intense...hoping for a bar fight...
thanks & also positive ^_^
Thank you everyone for coming out for our special night tonight! Can't wait to throw another event in fall!!!
Survived! Woo
That awkward moment when you hold a door open for someone, but they're really far away so you walk in and the door hits them.
I'm so addicted to all the things ya do... It's unlike anything when you're loving me (;
Asian Invasion. Are there any Fasians?
If worked at McDonald's, he'd be like "We talking 'bout fries! Not a burger, not a burger, not a burger...
Saturday morning workout = afternoon nap time
keeping it real Mellotron this evening
is the voice in my head...
We think we know the ones we love, but everyone can keep secrets
Don't miss the Friends Used Book Sale - Inventory Clearance Sale! @ Paseo Verde Lib starting tomorrow thru Monday! Biggest book sale yet!
you did soo amazing on !!! And #Boyfriend sounds AMAZING. I CAN'T WAIT. I'M SO EXCITED. :D
Stay tuned this week! We don't have any show news yet but we'll having some fun stuff for our Tw'eeps!
DM me with what you need. I'd love to help!
ok then
hahahaha! Its strange when 7:30am on a Saturday is "sleeping ing"
This where niggas become great
I will shoot a new Bookwink video this weekend No. Matter. What!
who has a old AT&T phone they. wanna give me??? <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1>
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous
Another balanced #hardball panel. Liberal journalist Wayne Slater and liberal NAACP president Ben Jealous
Tonight's password for Rant-O-Wheel is "Worst Monday Ever" - which won't be what happens to you if you come to the show!
On Jon Stewart, watched Melody Barnes claim you listen to teachers. Following any of us on Twitter yet? Disagreed w/ her take.
sw gainesville smells very strongly of a mixture of stinky kitty litter and burnt plastic- shawn suspects bioterrorism by people or aliens.
It's a #bloodshoteyes kind of day. Yep no sleep again, but I won't let it get me down.
That's how much you love us, I'm guessing! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> Did you make it to me, way down there somewhere?
Doing it over because I'm convinced I can
Too ugly, I think.
Hi, Meg from Baltimore here. Hopkins psychiatrist. Officially on vacation. Much-needed.
J. Cole need to be in a cypher.
Are the tastes complimentary?
Awesome blog ..!
I'm interested in the Quickbase career roles. Searched on Quickbase in the job tool, anything else I should search on? thx
“: Thank you for a great conference. Can't wait for next year!!” Agreed!
DM'ed you!
RT Every time I see tweet about being outside the DC Establishment, a part of me laughs, then dies.
you are from a really pretty place
nope- she can't win this twice, you can only win once every 30 days.
": lol I'm already shocked cuz u admitting to liking him & these feelings LOL." I know!! Shoot me now LOL
At the bar early!
nice, i'll hit you up tomorrow.
Follow me please!*-*
anyone else not happy with the twitter changes?
Because we have to go where our clients will be RT : why?
I'm not sure any of the singers will sell any records but they do have really good voices. Go
Always be kind in
Hey Sam love twenty twenty music u guys should to america :)xx
i wish would wake up
latest (great) band name idea: Daniel Burnham & The Plan. which opens the door to a record titled: Emerald Necklace.
Alec's bar mitzvah in an hour (:
#milwaukee Rock Salt now sold retail for $5.99/ bag! Going fast- winter is on its way!
Not cool to dig out car at 6 AM from 17" of snow and get to end of driveway only to face impassable snow wall courtesy of municipal plow!
thanks for the follow lil mama
Course i would be the only one at a 3year old's birthday party to ask the facepainter if he could make me look like a zombie
haha! I'm going to have to go there, soon to get a LA license, it's gonna suck! I remember the LA DMV, yuck!
Its getting nice enough outside that I can finally do an outdoor video soon with a shit ton of extras. Anyone interested?
It's so embarrassing when election losers leave their signs out
All you Tweeters saying "awesome!" should re-read my Tweet. I was saying that NOTHING is happening, which isn't particularly awesome ;)
You don't lead by hitting people over the head - that's assault, not leadership
well that's it 8:01pm the polls are closed, It was a great day!
People are rough on gym teachers, but let's not forget all the years they spend in college, learning how to yell a last name in a scary way.
I got nothing but love and support for my city RT : No! Let's keep it all the way Richmond lol
great! U?
Great evening at USF-FW Nursing Pinning Ceremony. Congrats to our ASN, BSN, & MSN graduates!
that. is. amazing. great job tonight dude. crushed it.
Bumping that Xscape "Understanding". This was my jam.
Hey guys! Hope everyone had a great weekend :) I had a blast using !
a fellow fan here in #Pittsburgh!
how's school? Keeping focused?
As beatallica leaves their hotel, who pulls in?...Red Elvises. Fun!
If you're not folliwing Artie Lange at you're missing out on the best Tweets on Twitter.
Had my first 'leggings worn as pants' related injury this morning. Must look where I am running.
Conservator at National Gallery brings life back to paintings - Washington Post
hm...you can have that conversation with #meanuncleD and I will
The way to my heart? An authentic headdress!
yeah sounds good jst remind me again lol
Very frosty morning here in Knoxville!
Info - sent!
Thanks so much, #BigOmaha. Another great year. Can't wait to synthesize all this crazy cool info!
omg are you watching T&T?? My most embarrassing reveal ever but I love that show!
15 minutes to showtime. Send in your last minute thoughts via e-mail:
man girl im missin you
#SOPA Once again Americans are being governed by corps. America doesn't want #SOPA it's getting shoved down our throats
The film is great, but I think what's more intriguing are the unedited interview material in the bonus material. Great stuff!
haha I wish this town wasn't so boring so that ppl would stop butting into other ppls business lol
hope you had a good flight back home! It was so great to meet you in person!
I'm sure you can...it's actually my grandma's recipe, so she prob used lard and my mom switched it to Crisco.
please find me unsulphured chenin. Going through withdrawal.
Checked out MiKeys last night for DT Dining - sat in the bar to watch the game. TVs. Comfy/Upscale. Great Location.
Didn't they just get married a year ago or something?
we're on 1725 westlake ave N. in Seattle.
Packed house at
Everything happens for a reason .
So this is a big situation in Cincinnati.
2. She likes to throw things and swear. At patrons.
#4famouswords just a bit outside
lol why were 3 from me...
feelin like s***
well then I shall see your pretty face soon!
OMFG I forgot how much i luved the notebok until right now, "If you're a bird, I'm a bird" Ah I want a romance like that lolz :)
oh ok whats wrong ?
Alabama announces Nick Saban will conduct a press conference Thursday at 2 p.m. ET. No reason was stated in the release.
Man stole ferrets to pay off debt
I appreciate it, good sir!
How's everyone's spring break????
That's the plan. Thanks. :)
I cant change the many years of yesterday ..but I can do something about my tomorrows...Just wasnt my time.. intil now!
P90x got me sore ugh! No pain no gain'
My physical therapist told me yesterday that I have the handwriting of a doctor or an engineer. (That must mean messy.)
Thanks Aaron!
Join us Tonight for REHAB w/ Rittz and Downbeat Switch Doors @ 7:30 Tickets $15.00
Many great journalism students being honored!
If i wasn't in school I would go on all of the GroupOn getaway vacations, seriously, I get so excited
": #RulesInARelationship U Can't Blame Them For Being Who They Are, U Can Only Blame Yourself For Thinking They Were Different"
Wow. So, will us #Blazers season ticket holders be getting any sort of a refund for the what will pass as the rest of the season?
lol sry for the delay. I took a nap :) but the fitness consultant needed appointments for tomorrow so I gave him 8 names
Code for "Oh, hi! There won't be many people here tonight! Enjoy the bad acoustics and amateur reinforcement!"
we are heading north right now! Watch out is coming to Coopersmiths at 6pm! Join us!
Love you girl!
so glad u liked the meeting notes we've not yet determined the start time for CD101 day we'll let u know closer to the show
TWO extra days for that!
is gonna get his ass beat!
Tf everybody playing dictionary on fb ???
Yeah, I'm still awake.
The #Coyotes are filling me with ennui.
Thank u love..welcome . RT :
awww that must be why you hate yourself so much - you're not compatible with anyone you like.
moron Blocked
Oh man it's going to be so awesome! Let's plan BKLYN hangout on Saturday for sure?
Good Morning! Happy Wednesday! The work week will be over before we know it! Have a very productive day!
DAMN! your fine!
I am sure they have addressed those issues. Safe travels!
"The only mistakes you can learn from are the ones you survive" Paranoid Neurotic Freaks
If I quit smoking, when would I ever get to check twitter? Reason #17 not to be a quitter!
Someone gonna get lucky 2nite lol
are they? I have to see it
I already want a new one but I wanna dye my hair first
Some1 PLEASE ask #ReggieMiller the difference b/t #Flopping & #Acting! Please!
#beardawarenessweek is over tomorrow
She swagged up from head to toe lip ring her own ego yea they call her a king ND YES BITCH IM THE QUEEN!
Same old shit just a different day!
If I told him to lie about lying, then I'd have to suspend myself. "Roger" that!
Congrats to Senator #JohnKerry on becoming a grandfather.
havent been on in forever /:
Listening to Big Whiskey and the GrooGrux King
RT if you love Pittsburgh Today Live!!!
Marcellino Ristorante- at the Waterfront, next to Barrio Queen. They only have 2 beers, this and an amber. Good choice!
#Instagram has opened up a whole new world of phoneography 4 me, now I want 2 take pics of everything & stick a filter on it!
When should elderly drivers give up the keys? - Granite Bay
LOVE YOUR MUSIC CUZ.. I CAN'T WAIT TOSEE YOU PERFORM OVER HERE IN THE BAY AREA!!
Who needs a boy when you have a sister.
Your the King of Tweeter...
awh thank you
Yeee Its Gucci (:
Slow down sis: it's a marathon. LittleFit ain't even 1 yet! Make sure you've got the energy to party when we hit town next week
You ever just want to punch someone straight in the face? I'm not violent at all, but push me & you just might get clocked.
Damn u a sexy freak
and even if 10 were sucessfull does not mean it will work for you truth is u will b hard pressed to find the magic 10 anyways
The difference between the Metrodome and a porcupine is that a porcupine has a lot of pricks on the outside.
A gossip is someone with a great sense of rumour
uh oh boi is you flamin?
thanks for spreading the love!
you did the wrong Niall <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
dinner soon! Im heading to Louisville for the weekend. Ahaha, your guess is as good as mine :p
Worldwide coverage
The rain has officially returned
Nicks Voice Killed me .
yes. I look forward to being there and meeting other retailers!
listen to my music.
Did you read 4 & 5 too?
lol I love that coffee shop!
Look out for the Lakers!
Heating, Ventilation, A/C Services 617-792-3350 Serving Boston, Suburbs
My poor Yankee body can't handle this humidity
Opal, yet again he blogged meddling and muddling
Teen Wolf is coming on soon! If someone dies... I swear... -__-
I am very bummed out that 's Northlanders has come to an end. Such a great book with so many good stories.
lol when someone fats calls you anorexic and you're just like err...
Calling charlie batch...
let's go! RT : The Wicked Hop has 1/2 off drinks, shots, beers, and Red Bull bombs starting at 10! 345 N Broadway
saw Jenny didnt see u though would have said whatup!
I AM a 'hollaback' girl.
Now that the marathon is over! I would like to thank all of my donors for supporting me & !! Time for my finish line photo!
"Fashions fade, style is eternal" -Yves Saint-Laurent. RT if you love embracing your unique style!
Out and about :)
Onslow is following me! Daisy, are you jealous? (jk)
The airport sucks when you're on no sleep.
anyone still need a Google+ invite? DM me your email :)
I'm outtie, headed to #BuffaloWildWings for shits and giggles.
ma bad :P me too. I didn't study really hard for this exam.
Nice use of SPORKS!!!! Well done.
Truth! RT : THEY SHOULD CALL TWITTER FANTASYLAND
when ready to be ordered by libraries, tweet loudly!!
I break for #cats !
Are we rubbing it in?
Looking for a #Conflicts #Intake #Coordinator for a law firm client in either #Boston or #NYC, candidates must have 5+ years of conflicts e…
I think your really groovy in a happening far out way
Hardware hackers (?) that turn used electronic children's toys into musical instruments
Struggling with today.
Beat off or procrasterbate
What's your fantasy?
Good morning all. Course it's almost noon here. dang I'm a late sleeper when I got nothing going on lol!
Wow...that's a dream team. RT The deal that QB Vince Young signed with the Bills is a one-year deal.
Nike not radically altering look of NFL uniforms
no problem baby doll
what happened with you and Silverstone?
I'm considering AF too , & no it wasn't really hard . All they grade is the math & english parts . You need a 50 or more
Geography= easiest stuff on the planet
i'd so go, especially since it's a field trip to getting wristbands to meet 1D! But thats just me
Yeah buddy! What dates you here? Hopefully it's not the dates in there!
#Ravens do so well in late rounds, big value here “: Ravens draft Miami WR Tommy Streeter, 6-5, 219 with 4.40 speed”
no but you are
CLICK GANG!!
I Love Ella's frozen yogurt! :)
#TheThingsIHateMost Musicians. Especially lead singers of pop bands. Total pricks.
Photos posted from the 19th Annual 9 Mile Music Festival!
So.....Mr. Delivery Guy...you thought you would get a tip after delivering my food 15mins late lmao..NOPE!!!
The lazy feeling when you get out of a shower and lay in bed in a towel instead of getting dressed.
Whether it's your house or your office, moving is a lot of work! Big office move is tomorrow.
How big is your WHY? What are you willing to sacrifice to achieve your goals?
I am in Los Angeles... still basking in the afterglow. Full of gratitude in so many directions.
Anyone traveling anywhere cool for Christmas with the fam? :)
wow that is awesome!!! :)
Definitely just ordered with my iPad....whats up!!
thanks so much for the follow! We're grateful for your support of PHAME + we love having the amazing Kate in the PHAME family!
Check out cee lo's teeth! Is he a pharaoh or a transformer?
spanier canceled it, the piece of shit.
I'm proud of my Lil Brother, he has a very good record. He's an #MMA Fighter. Love u
this guy at the bus stop is doing an interview for sports radio on his cell. or maybe he's just crazy. i never realized the similarities
In the midwest we sit on porches and watch the rain
I am spending 21st BDAY on Wednesday driving 8 hours to see u vs. Bucks in Milwaukee! Possible to meet u? Wld be best present!
Hey love the new pic. Looks great! However, lets be honest when dont you look good a pic.
picturing your facial expression > <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><U+2764><U+2764>
um if this is true I wanna follow him MUST..HAVE...USERNAME
YAY! I got mail today! What was it? It was the things that I ordered from and his store!! FINALLY<3
sure thing babe! (: Would you follow me back though?
bought a new planner cuz my old one was cheap as fck.
Im doin my best Brother! I hope you & the fam are well! Cant Wait for Season # 2 of
Right we need to get together this weekend
Not gonna lie, I could use the "food tape" idea
we exist.
Studio tomorrow.
Very excited about the new little guy that will be joining us tomorrow. Devastated Mom will never meet him.
Bubba Watson is cool and all, but webb Simpson is still my fucking bro
If it smells like tuna and tastes like chicken then keep on lickin'.
Looking to get run over by a bicycle & pedestrian loving peacenik? Either of the Cambridge Trader Joe’s parking lots could be the place.
Congrats ladies! Enjoy the experience, it flies by!
whatever u want :-)
you know it!!!
I can't believe I have wasted all my time try to be with you.. But now I relize what a jerk you are.. It's time for me to move on...
He's like 24 or 25 & he was one of my Chambelanes why couldn't my homeboy who was 21 be one???
I love you in a pixie!
Just because my eyes don't tear, doesn't mean my heart won't cry. Just because I come off as strong, doesn't mean there is nothing wrong.
Paolini just referred to a dark-skinned character as "sooty". Good grief. The already bad writing has turned racist.
Bill Jensen live on the line now ready to answer your questions!
like soon I plan to go to the Musee de Cluny and just faint on pieces of medieval stonework
"We should all start to live before we get too old. Fear is stupid, so are regrets."
Happy Birthday!
I love Super Bowl Sunday! Of course my Steelers aren't in it but excited anyway! Pulling for the Giants!
Truth RT : Google's 'the web is what you make of it' tv ads are the new Hallmark ads. I'm always tearing up.
I don't think you'll be disappointed!
1 hour warning!!! almost time do win this thing!
My God, this day is never going to end. Mama needs happy hour.
Thank you for the follow ! Love you, miss you, and the next time I'm in Vegas, we are hanging out! :)
I'm hungry
Police say they found deer hides hanging in basement of home overtaken by squatters. Officers also found decapitated bunny rabbit in freezer
Bad part about #spd landing on a weekend: drinking starts early & people are already drunk by 10am.
I found out I'm going to Honduras on August for two weeks! Can't wait to see my amazing family <3
to quote Arnold, "I'll Be Back" it was great and I am at the stage of discovery where #DMBistro really helped me!
Happy Veterans Day. Thank you to all the men and women who have served.
Nothing like feeling sore
I'm no virgin babe ;) God gave me permission for making it through college a virgin!
Hello Twitterville. Hope everyone is having a good evening!
Why do they say a flight is a nonstop when it has a lay over? My 1 lay over flight just turned into a 2 lay over!
appreciate the follow - thanks!
I am proud of the #courage! Whose rush hour? OUR rush hour! RAH!
Someone tell me: how long can a car alarm go off before the battery dies? #infernal f-ing noise
more like the Real GAY Stat! ahaha
Firefly! If only because it was taken from this world before it's time...Buffy went on 2 seasons too long, from what I hear.
Anyone who thinks old age is golden must not have had a very exciting youth
lol what I do?!?
One more day in Nashville aka Peyton Place :)
any chance we'll see you in Milwaukee or Iowa tracks this year?
NEW SHIPMENT MKORS WATCHES JUST IN ! FREE LAYAWAY! VALENTINES RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS!STOP BYE FREE BRACELET BEAD SUN MENTION TWITTER! WSLAST
Our own Ramon has a new treat for you! Come in for his BAJA CHICKEN PIZZA! Every Tuesday he has an amazing new dish! Like this one!
This is decision time, #Dodgers. Nail 'em Kenley!
Think I'm suppose to blow you up everyday? Negative the phone works both ways you don't call, I don't call
Almost party time -- we'll also be closed the next 4 days for the holiday -- nice way to commune before we part :|
Really enjoyed you in ! Mom & I had a Great time...Thanks!
Please RT & follow these amazing people: , , , ,
Twellow.com yellow pages for twitter
watch the USBC Queens on espn2 on tuesday at 7pm eastern
pretty sure the nicest iPad will serve as our conch in our new plane society. & the alcohol has already been hoarded.
Thanks to for the presentation on social media in lawyering. Video of the presentation will be available soon.
That is highly inappropriate.. Im gonna need you to act more mature sir...
bravo. a comedic masterpiece
What a wonderful day this has been can't wait to sit outside and watch some baseball later with then maybe drinks?
we're taking a diff route in recording new music...one of the first things is teaching ourselves how to record...maybe demos
good lucky bro
*blush* RT : If you're on Fetlife (and a woman), go check out 's pics.
Hay ! said that he has black in his family! So y'all might be related :P
God is faithful !
Still no way I had the double Bacon from and that was huge, so 5 patties you're crazy LOL
one of my favorite quotes of all time.
FourSkin -- "You would check-in when you're watching porn." -- Yooni
Happy birthday to my dude I'll be seeing you next week!
its hard to buy xmas gifts for people who have an attitude problem.
The future of existence pulls us- we weave in and against its currents. Taut.
chillax bro.
Do any of you offer free Photoshop actions? I'm collecting. :P
Not just games. That's good person-centered design - healthcare needs more of it everywhere!
RT : Locating templates is much easier in Office 2010. No more randomly searching the Web.
Ugh hangovers :(
I love when the local news tells you what's "in"
I loveyou please notice &follow me(been trying for 2yrs),&very excited about #BOYFRIEND aaahhhhh oohh myy Bieber #4DAYS :-D 9
i fucks with him too . i love "Keep It Rollin"
?4: did u ever pay sum one to date u
Let me know if you need any help!
I had a son before...but he died...so i just thank God for the girls...now I can spoil somebody else's son...lol
RT : Particularly enjoyed dinner: talking about media theory old and new with , and various insights from Larry diamond.
“: Happy st.patty day <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080> and happy birthdayy to !!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089> love you! Have fun tonight and go crazy!” thank you:) Ly!
really good! Just trying to contact everyone who is new to following us! :)
Awww, never. You know I love you :-)
: RVA restaurant suggestion(s) for dinner for 20 members of Nantucket garden club in mid-April?
This Wed. in ATX. The Black Keys, Bon Iver and Aziz Ansari. Shame on you if you're not going to one.
But mostly I hate the way I don’t hate you, not even close, not even a little bit… Not even at all.
CPR class this morning at work-glad I'm doing this now since I'll have my baby in a few weeks.
Time for 1st Amendment funeral Park. Come join #Occupyburque now! We march @ 11am! Wear black.
Yeah! Type design workshop at
I was a little restless too those hills were tough but what a great race!
I was looking for someone with lines on his face. I've always had a massive crush on #Sam Shepard
So much to do... not enough time to do it. Trying to get it all done before the weekend
Yes..city reports Forney HS hit by tornado.
MT :Big thanks to everyone who supports kids access to care thru improved #Medicaid payments for pediatric drs.
TOOCH DAT BOOTY DIRK. UNF. UGGUU. Please make this into an actual song.
Heading down to #fitcto day 2! I'm talking #creativeJS typography things at 2:15 in the lounge. It's going to be fun! :)
#northcarolina y'all don't know know grammar rules and shit. Y'all just legalized gay marriage.
gigwalk not working?
Enjoying the presentation on SeaWorlds Animal Ambassador! The lemurs are so cute!
u gotta a point that dude plays super soft! U never know what mite happen tho
get back here...Cali love ya!
And my birthday is not even until tomorrow! But so many of my friends are in China! And its Dec 8th today in China!
We're giving one away tomorrow :)
Little girl pushing doll in stroller around the library - so cute!
shower shower shower ~
Getting ready to go work in my fitness!..
dude where's my car? get ready to see a crapload of car commercials.
So very glad you enjoyed yourself last night! We had a ball - and we're very excited for what summer will bring!
Pretty interesting stuff! :)
Was hoping to talk to the boss about e-publishing topics post-Tools of Change. Didn't happen. Sigh.
is no longer unemployed...I got the call today offering me a salaried job with paid benefits...YES! GOD IS GOOD, ALL THE TIME!!!
Haven't seen a #Texans game all season. #Arian Foster is a fluid runner. Upright and strong.
thank you. Glad you like it.
there's a rumor saying #DUDLEYBOYZ and your hot artist got one of the hottest tracks on Squad Life Radio
I loved her food analogies! So when are we going to Publick House, and I'll have you taste some beers you'll like for sure.
Wanna hear your valentine scream? Stop in- lovely #bouquets, delicious #chocolates or #bling! We have it all and just one stop!
No? More » Post from: TheGloss
King George the 9th with the walk-off for the !
They both suck!!!
If you think of the Gibbs as pure disco, "Odessa" will boggle you...a baroque, heavily orchestrated and harmonized collection of melodies.
im on it!
Currently listenin to 's "Back to Black" album (in its entirety). Such a well composed/arranged/concept yet original album. YAS
Amazing lunch today with the always fabulous at The Curios Palate. So much fun and great food.
At work less than 2 hours & I already owe the curse jar about $8.15. Mofo POS ILS.
^tl Is it Monday already, WOW where did the weekend go, well it time for that Morning Blueberry Waffle & Cup of Banana/Fosters Latte...
Have a great night friends, time to get some offline work done!
The best part about waking up for airport 1:31 after going to bed? Grateful Dead radio. I'm guessing 1970-73 'eyes'
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Potato Leek and Carrot Ginger. Sugar-free lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
We're ready for #CommLab2012! Will we be seeing you there tomorrow?
RT : is waiving the initiation fee for TexHealth members. Check them out to see how you can benefit....
she just nasty<<<<<<
good to see you. Hopefully you will perform next year
Palo Alto next-gen firewall stacks up well
First on our 5th old school friday mix is Scenario by A Tribe Called Quest. These kids have taste!
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on."
I have a story to tell, but I think God wants me to film it and tell it as a movie;)
Beautifully cooked Lake Superior Whitefish. Crisp skin, chili flake, and fragrant olive oil.
really good! shooting a music video soon n wanted to ask u something. check ur Facebook inbox
that's just how we roll at ! Limo life for and !
T-bone my sis lives in Edinburgh now.
#NowPlaying Phone Call by
Watching Bruce Almighty
the Mark Buehrle web gem was pretty sweet!!
Thanks! RT : #ff my #news and weather sources.
Our Fat-bike corral is nice & painted & loaded up with fatties to rent!
I just wolfed down a peanut butter cookie like a boss. That cookie didn't stand a chance.
Thanks! Hope all is well in CO, although a sad thing for CO (for the ladies) is that my bro-in-law just moved to Seattle.
if you do you owe me a big huh and a kiss anyways so.....
I'm actually learning a few choice phrases, whether I want to or not.
Fuck it yall have really fucked up shit with the fans who help pay ur salary that shit is fucked up
How do you get pre-sale passwords for #TicketMaster?
So happy to see tweets from again :)
Getting my list of summer must-dos together. What's on your list?
Go for it.. demand your privacy.
Trains is fun a little.
Time for me to go to <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Rooting for the Bills. Let's see. I watched them when I was little. They have been next to terrible since.
Never fails.
Haha the album art is actually the twitter profile picture/background on my profile :)
im in Arizona
I'm SO there!
There is no better medium for up-to-the-nanosecond news then Twitter
I found Tony Lucca's B
perfect can't wait lady it will be amazing how old you gonna be?
After the Drake concert Thursday is the after party at #FetishHouston BYOB ! RT
asley bought me CD Clockwork Orange, I think it's married.
yeah but my chapter 14&15 are combined into one!
IM Playing at the fire tonight, on girard - nice place~`! open mic
Oh lol I never stopped. I won't stop until June 20th. But I've been sending them on schedule like u wanted lol. :)
Baby Mama :p .
Brad and Carries song is on right now #OurSong (well one of them)
matt&nat are here!!
Yeah me and my producer did a mixtape Im really proud of it. After we release that joint I got another one #Darknite mixtape
It happened TWICE. Now I'm mad at all the popcorn. :/
There will be a candlelight vigil for Trayvon Martin @ 6:30 all are encouraged to bring candles!!!!!!
Amen to you Danny...Amen!
#fake1Dquotes I'm not hungry- Niall Horan :)
Thanks for your environmental justice work!
PPSS is closed today, see all you Purple Peeps tomorrow! :)
I LOVE UR Show!! U Always make me hungry! Hi 2 UR Sis. Love U
".., when they post, it'll show a nearby park." #dcswa prof dev day
Yeah, I knew there were a lot! Just curious, attempting to wait patiently ;) Good luck deciding, I know it'll be hard!
It's just Instagram w text & skeuomorphic repro of postcards. Now, ability to send REAL postcards of my photos..that'd be cool!
btw krissy, long story but 's dad n ur dad r friends! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
dam I thought he would appreciate it we showing him love now we might have to get at him
you said he was 2nd biggest a few days ago (Stephen A., Skip, Jalen)
Only bad thing about watching bball with my mom.. She tries to make all the calls. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> shhh
I lacks no confidence! I make this look good!
Your cool
Watching Preseason football: NYG vs CAR.
If you're not following , DO SO(;
Same to you! Enjoy the weekend!
Good thing I put that scarf on, right? LOL! So nice to meet you - and really glad it was my fault. :)
just realized it was friday. :o
This IPO will change everything like the day the music died.
and I don't have the skills, but I have a great idea for a #KONY2012 remix. Any advice?
Lol! I have no clue. I don't really count calories tho. I just make sure I don't get carbs late and count daily protein.
well I have nothing to say<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0084><U+274C>
Come to Dallas, we'll show the LOVE
Thank a #teacher this week! “I like a teacher who gives you something to take home to think about besides homework.” ~Lily Tomlin
How are the devils/islanders doin?
Going to and 's grandpa's house for some good food tonight!
FINALLY LIAM! <3 hahaha liam and silver ;)
RT : #MomInspired Twitter Party prize winners will be announced by , so make sure you're following us both!
If you fear, you lose.
Give your trees a drink! Whenever the snow melts and temperatures rise above freezing for a few days, water just as you would in summer.
Indianapolis Indians Baseball Featured on Cover of 2011 AT&T Real Yellow Pages ... - Indianapolis Star
is right. making public content easily shareable is good way to engage
It's good to have someone to talk to who knows what your going threw <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
What are you tonight's plan? Will you share this wonderful night with your family, lover or friends?
thanks! Looks like a great group of women. :)
A new study proves dogs are smarter than cats. So there.
Anyone on here know the key difference between an Interaction and Mention on the new Twitter? Seem to be very similar...
And that is what I call a "god day"!
Just got bus tix & gift card balances to IHOP and Pike Brewery to a client downtown. That felt good to do that for someone less fortunate.
how have i not talked to you about this stuff yet? I'll send you my paper.
Per Wilson (to Gruden) NC States coach told him they wanted to go into a different direction
I miss the unabashed tweets of : "Asian mothers scream when their child practices and plays wrong note. It is just natural."
I refuse to give up my integrity in the name of money.
The weeknd- outside
I know someone that might as well be J cole....
Chose Farinas last night #pizza #abq. Olive oil, mozzarella, salami, kale, grape tomatoes, onions, garlic, shaved goat cheese on top.
but there won't be any other party if you are leaving.
Rest in Peace to
Off to cheer camp. Thirty two girls at Miami University for four days:)
do not ignore me.
4 minutes until takes the stage... better here for a night than at #JLA. Go
when are you in LA next?
I love those days when Justin is scheduled to work all evening, but then ends up getting off early. :)
So handsome! Happy Easter to you and your family.
This suite only has soda.
bcuz of the(lack of) info,the show it was in,or cuz of the story
If Ke$ha goes on tour in the UK, does she become Ke£ha?
it's a great window to the subliminal mind
Which way is right, which way is wrong, How do I say that I need to move on, You know we're headed separate ways
Made my spot in the rap game with "I don't like"...time to start dissing the niggas that I don't like
anyone else having issues playing tonight? Trying to catch up on Once Upon A Time but it keeps freezing! Thx for help :)
Lets get it! where we going?!
Granger is a pussy
Michael Buble blaring on the UNR campus. Here for social session. Good sign!
If I know you, I think you can do it! Hope you find some great ones.
so I guess you're feeling better?
The introvert seeker renounces the mundane world and pursues the Self within. Attains spiritual Enlightenment.
no problem!
hahaha...not sure I want to know.
LAW of ATTRACTION 101: Hold yourself accountable for your outcomes, for you are creating them with your thoughts.
Crushing other peoples dreams is what makes our dreams possible!
You lose inches like you gained them, one at a time.
Metro north Sundays
Blood Drive tomorrow...
Have had it for 9 yrs now! Can't live w/o in TX. RT JerseyAlGBP I broke down this year too. RT : A tech is installing DirectTV
that was a bad idea.. veyr bad idae hagahah
the people shall be high fiving my ass up and down westpalm
COMMUNITY comes back tonight! Do not Britta this opportunity, people.
Congratulations to all our followers who participated in the #pittsburghmarathon today! See you at
hello you can you tell your followers to follow me?
Still have a few tickets left of Faith & Family Night at the WV Miner's game tonight. $6 each. Message me if you are interested.
“: I #CantSayNo to margaritas.” Summer is almost here, roomies! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
Just cause your back is to the wall dont back down now bitch...
busy day today filled with several interviews and a magazine red carpet tonight. wwheeeeew!
Maybe I'll do a lap around the bar instead. Just for you.
Emceeing Scorpions Fashion Show w/ Vanessa Macias 2nite @ Coco Lounge 6-10pm
Watch USA Hockey on USA right now!
do you need stuff for info lit for culinary arts? Talk to me. I've taught a few for those types of classes.
Thanks for listening!
she got 10 and I have your 30
sue says you would be proud if her for so diligently sorting the punctuation.
It's official, I'm a Caps fan.
I was havin issues too..half the time i cant get to the admin options. It happens.
Breakfast in America is a pretty good album too.
lol I suppose so...I'd have to be a superhero that kicks ass in heels #savingtheworldinstyle haha
anytime! RT : Thx for the SO/RT You guys are great
<3 you both!
debbie friedman @ central synagogue...so beautiful. both the synagogue & music
they suck . ! Cx
Get out of here !! You needa check you self fool !
that... That is a tragedy.
Glad you're doing well :) and thanks so much! Things are going alright.
ok #NHL heads & - what is going on here? #Blackhawks run is over before it started with #Hossa injury, right?
Thank you so much for sharing! :)
show her some real psych, one after another just walk out it'd really be priceless to see a psych professor lose their mind.
are we best friends yet?
": Well, according to some of my followers, somebody is saying really bad things about me again. " who? Not me of course
Just Came Back From The Movies , Best Day Yet,,Happy Birthday Once Again Rocio'(:.
What is the best performing #kmeans clustering algorithm for high dimensions? I found #kmeans++ to be lackluster on a low number of clusters
House-Senate conference committee on stadium determined starting meeting after midnight wouldn't work, so it's on for Wed 9-ish a.m.
dang... Well hopefully you'll be able to soon :)
Not sure, appears u need 2 fast 4 16 hrs 2 override body's natural sleep pattern & eat in destination country not on flight :)
TOUCHE ! :) #wellplayed "I tweet dead people"
If You Love Me i would know
Thanks Aron for the #FF mention.
Cruz was 2 time All-Star son Jose Cruz Jr. played in the bigs as well. More importantly he rocked the glorious 80's Astros uniform.
a special thanks to all the clients who attended the launch party last night. it was so good seeing all of you.
alright brow, good luck , and when possible send me informations about the times on practice ! =)
bases loaded no outss ;)
"Am I supposed to swallow this pill that says chewable? Because I swallowed it and now it's stuck."
It's mostly to provide camouflage--wherever we go, we'll never be seen as the rednecks of the group.
Our newest beer on tap is Sam Adams Noble Pils...Come and get it!
we care! turn that goodbye into a hello hello
Bad start to a bad day.
I became a notary and now I have to go get my notary notarized
A new app called the “Love Calculator” allows you to calculate your chances for love. I have a better idea ......called “a breathalyzer"
while I am sometimes put off by those titles; I do believe God does still give out those spiritual gifts.
Jameson's? Well, yes, it's a lovely smooth whiskey. Oh, for me? Are you sure? Well, if you ARE sure... Thank you.
I'm having a rough morning. I hope your day goes well and it's filled with sunshine, laughter and love.
i know right, thats what im waiting on ....
Im starting to hate facebook... It's wak
oh. It happens sometimes. I agree though, that can get annoying really quickly. Haha.
Hey Lady it could always be worse. Have a great day
#libmade barriers to innovation/funding - Look to local businesses
The terra cotta is falling! The terra cotta is falling!
Sunday fun-day in Brew City, no Pack today but great games and great food and drinks at Karma.
Did Anyone Watch iCarly Last Night? It Was Hilarious!!! (: xx
Austin I Love Olive Garden, So you should follow me for that(:
yawn...i miss casey anthony.
Energy and persistence conquer all things.
&#9743; Order iPod Dock With Built in DVR Protect yourself
I just ran into my real estate agent who sold me my 1st home in '99 at LaBaguette, I saw her yesterday at Tuesday Morning in Bartlett
of course you are thai!
we should prank austin! i feel like doing it hehe
Authors do NOT have a responsibility "to be more explicit when introducing non-white characters in their books."
He is a freak, sure would be nice to get some big fast targets for whoever our QB is next year.
ggivee me a shoutout on air! is the name! go florida st!
Hahaha it gets better when youbxan hang with people
the best ever
JTrek now available on Apple App Store and Android Market!
I remember you. It reminds me of the great love that I have in my wife
JOHN MADDEN ON REPEAT...SOSA BHABEE.... "I AM NOT B <3 SIC!
not sure how MI works, but CA...just put a dollar in the machine & press quick pick. I don't know about picking your own numbers
I live in Florida and wish I lived in the right district to vote for this guy!
Would you like to have your photos featured during APA National Photo Month? Be discovered! Email us at .
Playing in leimert park at 4 with Sharon Kline.
i wanna be jerry meg can be Steve y'all can punch on her not me lol
- gosh, my heart goes out to you, is there anything we can do, I am so sad, I want to cry...<3<3<3
Carter had no chance against . Sit down rookie.
My first time watching #impracticaljokers. So funny!
nada <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> thanks for asking though babe
“: Feeling too grown up walking around this Homeowners Show getting ideas for the house.” the one at WI state fair?
I believe Wood is part of the #Loriporn collection.
The Twilight Zone!
YES, what do viewers have to aspire to now that the essence & regal persona of Bond has become mainstream?
I think you might have also rubbed off the #rctid keys.
Damn! I hate being in awkward situations!
Musiq Soul Child >>>> his music puts me in a trace.
Econdido bomb maker George Jakubec faces 30 yrs in fed prison. Gardener injured in blast has medical bills of $116,000
*dead* seems like the #InventionHunters hurt the product more than help
i hate it when someone compliments you and you can’t stop smiling like an idiot..
Austin made me smile, laugh and cry. But most importantly he made me proud to be a Mahomie.<U+2665>
ALRIGHT!!! 101 -- way to help me bust into the triple digits!!
It's a official HATES ME
2nd Grade Teacher: "This is one of the most exciting, engaging & motivating programs for children that I've had the pleasure of hosting."
I hate you. RT : yep after my shower
Finishing up the last of the 2011 wedding edits and getting the ski and snowsports calendar finalized.
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with a time of 22:30 with Nike+ GPS.
Interesting concept: lean forward v. lean back computing.
No, I might be. Thanks!
All checked in!! Let the drinking begin
Oh how I wish I could join you in the leftrightleftright-ness of my favorite sing-a-long dance
#Don'tYouHateWhen Facebook is treated like Twitter
I feel tall, yes i do, but what goes up must come down, so till i fall i enjoy this view
"We love our children. Don't you love our children? What is going to help our children? Tell me how," said audience member.
Thx for coming by for our event and supporting entrepreneurs/students. Best of luck! #WeLoveEntrepreneurs :)
I think it's always a beginning.
even in purple rain?
yes, she def is annoying....and , you're pretty funny, and not annoying soo far lol....but we'll see......lol
wish u were here too!
Weird, Laura Dern and Laura Linney are two different people
Let's stop our 100 yr old superstitious dance with a "default" name and partner up with a new one!
this house needs beer
DeSean Jackson says he was at 60% on that long TD run, now that's scary
My workday is over at 6:30, YAY! BBL peeps, I'm off to enjoy a glass of wine with the girls. #peace, #love & #yoda ;)
Surprising how easy it is to say "no," to people and situations when you finally look at the situation unbiasedly.
Breakfast - Egg Beaters, tomato and bell pepper. Snack - Sugar Free Jello 2nd Snack - Turkey and Wassa Cracker. Yes I am hungry today!
Just froze again for the 5th time today. This is getting old!
I'm still wondering what the countess might have said...
": many thanks for your support Ivy!! Looking forward to meeting you at tomorrow's #Pose4Change. #LookGoodDoGood Same here!
perfect! Thanks so much! The small hot pants came in the mail yesterday. Giving then a try today. Is there a smaller size? Lol!
Have a reason to celebrate this weekend? Do it right w/ VIP Bottle Service ! Call our VIP hostess SHELBY 707.567.1580 to book now.
there is no s on repair in the address...
ENOUGH WITH THE HELICOPTER.
word they are the greatest things ever!
I would take a tax free shopping trip down to Portland, OR
NBC Nightly News used WikiLeaks as a source on Gadhafi last night. Should WL be used as a source? Seems to legitimize an illegal enterprise.
LET'S GO GLOBAL
Hanging with my bruvvers and ...talking about everything under the sun! Missed those cats!
Abortion as an act of violence and to repealing Roe v. Wade overnight? It's a scary future the country could usher in with the '12 elections
And shouts and dap to and reppin at the conference too
I still have and love my iPad, we talk all the time. My iPhone was feeling a little dated tho. Love this galaxy nexus!
I'll let you know in the morning.
I cannot stand these boring as hell, Dodger announcers!!! I miss K&K!!!
Zimmerman's bond is a joke -_-
aw yay! say hi to your fam and the Geebs for me :)
you sold me on the blofeld. being a softsynth fanatic, I've been waiting for a piece of hardware like this for a while. thanks!
-- another bloodbath courtesy of weak kneed politicians with NRA blessings
Client review Friday night, then a break for a week (except evidence review from last weekends case).
#np Daylight - Matt & Kim
I know! That's why I was confused...
"Big Things Poppin" T.I.
I thought it was b/c it is easier to make you pay for it that way.
#countdown 4 days till Jenolo launch ...t shirts looking #great #dope #fly all the above
Today I am voting on issues ranging from Greyhound Racing to Criminal Justice. Watch me debate at myfloridahouse.gov!
:D What's The T Rara .?
Was this a PEER REVIEWED STUDY that these assertions are based upon? www.swop-colorado.com
Moose, Muskies, and more in discussions! RT : you guys have some cool shirts. How bout a Minnesota Moose shirt!?!
I got that sushi I was talking about.Plus there's a sad part that just happened I was practicing my cheer kicks and I cut my toe!Boohoo
i retweeted didnt do nothing . FORGET YOU
My fam's here and life is good :)
So...is the Marlins Park grass just painted dirt?
Make sure to fill in your address in the 'My Rewards" section of your Blastoff Network Site in order to receive your check.
People change their tune when you put on the pressure. Time to get the album mastered and pressed.
Agree. Doing what we can to support advertising education with scholarships. Let us know how we can change this stat.
As in dingleberry?
thank you for volunteering!
Insanity, day 4. I'm starting to think I'm insane for doing this.
Thanks & for inviting me into SA Incubator today! Wish I could curl up like a fuzzy chick in a real incubator all day.
Follow Me Peyton!!
I should never be left unsupervised with a computer and a credit card.
Guys that lead girls on <
whatever happens, happens.
Evelyn is #overrated sit T'F down
Thank you <U+263A> RT : Happy birthday to !!! Enjoy!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
fa reeaal. I'd judge you if you did ;)
happy birthday Alex. Have a wonderful day. May all your hopes and dreams come true.
“: Just read that Vanessa indicated he averaged 10 a month. #impressive” avg a double double!
“ “ Life is the art of drawing without an eraser””
shoulda been there sunday
I hate when my phone sends me the same messages twice
good luck tonight chris<3 i know you'll do great(:
I start to want you & then I start to want what I deserve & I realize I can't want two complete opposites at the exact same time.
follow and
Nebraska Real Estate started following me. Great, now I'll really have to watch what I say...
#postseason home run to center
TRAK Records and Library has partnered with a #NC law school to identify an Associate Director to manage their law library. The Associate D…
Gypsy performances, Great food, drinks and people. We give you something to remember, talk about and enjoy on Thursdays.
For ride info please email for a quote:
Oscar Mayer wienermobile sighting just now at the 5 fwy on-ramp by Ross Island Bridge. Too speedy for me to snap a pic, dad gum!
- Brees for MVP. He just makes his team better, GB has more weapons than Saints. Also, Brees just because I'm a Bears fan....
What's up, everyone?
I have a few critiques on it but it's more than I expected! Great job!
NO ONE PERSON CAN TRUELY BE WISE THAT TO RAISE A CHILD W/O THE AID OF THE TRIBE AND EVEN THEN ITS MOM'S FAULT IF ANYTHING GOES WRONG...
can the do a media conference for Stephen McGee?
Thanks for sharing!
We aprreciate the follow
Think of yourself as a toy train. All toy trains de-rail now and then. Pick yourself up, dust yourself off and get back on track.
Blazers, indeed.
Galileo High school's marching band keeps playing Grieg's "In the Hall of the Mountain King" and it's starting to piss me off!
"Zopittybop-bop-bop arrested near Wisconsin Capitol" ... what's going on up there? :)
Billy the exterminator? What?? This is real?
did I really just witness the Pens scoring 10 goals
With that said I partnered with to bring a eye openning event with HipHopDX to on 5/24 , who will partake???
Okay this has honestly been SUCH an amazing day
Did you know that we carry the latest and greatest designs by ? Its true! Let us help you choose your next piece!
suppose that means DeLoss' checks have cleared the bank.
wrote it at 5am
I have somehow taught my cat to play fetch...
The only attractive part about me is my sense of humor.
Ohh and text me i gotta tell u something!
Z.92 had a discussion today about SpongeBob and Patrick being a gay couple. They're not gay, its a kids show. Idiots.
Congrats to you -- so you are going to be working with Leila Walsh? Great person.
I use the twisosphere 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it bad.
Good Morning World. It's good to see another day. We are so blessed. Cheers to health and strength.
May the road rise up to meet you, may the wind be ever at your back. ~ Irish Blessing
This is my first real vacation and it has been a blast! but it is coming to an end and so I just want to say to all of my friends THANK YOU!
It's off the coast of Mexico, heading west -_____- idiot
Recording bass & guitar tutorials on Ustream.tv
Looking forward to so much :)
#WeLoveTreasa <3 She's been through so much. She deserves better. She's such a strong girl.
When a Friend Tells You He or She Has HIV or AIDS
#5ThingsICantStand nails on chalkboard
Can you send me your mixtape? Are you interested in collaborations?
I want to see the avengers.
We loved having a group here! RT Welcome home Summer II Dialogue Students!!! Hope you had a great experience :)
Denard Robinson 47 Yd TD run! U of M leads lowly Bowling Green 14-0 in the 1st quarter, keep pouring it on, Big 10 starts next week!
boyfriend playing cod <<<
So there's this whole #1hour hashtag trending... it's all about a new Justin Bieber music video -- glad I had no idea why it was trending ;)
Glad you're OK, sounds kind of dangerous.
i can be sometimes.
read it quite some time ago, it's a nice history on how the MBA has morphed from being a steward to its current function
Throw "online website" into the ring with "ATM machine" and "PIN number."
how much do you miss me? enough to not pay no attention
Hotel 23 coming soon
thanks so much man!!
he'd use all your hair gel.
We have a show next Friday in Nashville at The Rutledge! 9pm! $7 18+
We all hold some form of knowledge that could benefit others. Why not share it & save someone an experience. Each one teach one
This is one Film Maker you don't want to fall a alseep on! "Believe That!"
I won't believe you until you actually do it haha
Had a great time listening to entrepreneurs practice their "pitch" at 's class tonight-so inspiring!!
I want all my #followers to believe in ther self n to have a bless day. ;-)
I swear computer manufacturers put extra screws in laptops just so it still works when you forget 2 or 3 putting it back together.
Ok , So here's the deal, I need u to stop going to school because I fear your growing too intelligent with ur big words. & thanks
Attention Pageant Directors & Agents: Join Kyle Ean Haggerty for "Coffee with Kyle" at Email
Lightning outside looks like magic... Look out a window like we did as children as it pierces the landscape while thunder roars
welcome to twitter world!
BLOW JOB
RT : Congrats to & from all of us for making the #inc500 | 5000 list 7x!
back on my twitter
I could complete a 2 mile ride in 40 minutes RT : I just completed a 40.34 mi bike ride in 2:37:07 using
Happy *early* Birthday! :)
thanks! I'm moving to Switzerland in June for a 6-month science writing internship at CERN
misses also!
Devoured Gabrielle Hamilton's Blood, Bones & Butter: The Inadvertent Education of a Reluctant Chef. Best in genre! + new essay idea sparked.
can u let me no what-did Kobe say to Lebron at N of Allstar Game? Was it-why u didn't take shot! Kobe was mad!! At Lebron?
I'm always reading. There's always a way to make time to learn new things.
'Say It' monologue about Korean 'comfort women' is a lot more powerful than when I saw it in college.
hey brandon
Who is at the #LAMarathonExpo ? Visit us at the Hirshberg Foundation Booth#716! Free massages, goodies, & great info & people!
Finally had to see how iCloud works when I needed a new phone. Very impressed. So easy to use.
vs. tomarow night
Tonight is the third time this week I have seen your namesake Michael Bowden pitch.
I actually really like the song Turn To You by Justin Bieber. It's really powerful.
Shine on you crazy diamond. - Pink Floyd
I gonna cry!! :( I know how it feel to move and leave ur friends! Has happen to me 3 time! </3
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset When we close to having sex and you decide not to do it again.
So many amazing and artful floral designs at #artinbloom! Gorgeous work, , , and more!
Meeting with my accountant today. Super extreme excitement!
follow me? :)
It sounds like it's going to be a hot weekend here in Wisconsin! Have any exciting activities planned to beat the heat?
root 100 in a bar bathroom...after all these year I still know how to keep it classy
Encourage your exhibit staffers that have Twitter accounts, to retweet posts from your corporate Twitter account to their personal accounts.
Much thanks! I live about an hour away, and the store overall is great like most Nordstrom stores. Will visit again soon!
I'm working on that one! I am interested in technology & community events... I have friends in politics, but that's not for me
In this world of harshness and politics it is nice to come home to love
#BOOM yu better *sings* get cho life! RT Drinking w/ & :)
Philly loves you brother. You are playing some great ball.
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Hope you're wearing green so you don't get pinched
Thanks Jeff..good to hear! what do you swim?
Brian and Ian are flying over Portland right now. Anyone in Portland, look up and wave!!!
Can you guys follow me please!! :(
"Well I'm as cool as a cucumber in a bowl of hot sauce/ You've got the rhyme and reason but no cause" RIP #MCA, u represent! us well, Peace
are you happy that beef is fading out of hip hop especially on NY side? and don't ever go @ each other no more
I think I'm the only mom that has a son following them!
When my grandson asked me how old I was, I teasingly replied, I'm not sure
what's the matter?:/
Recommend using Priceline/Hotwire in Chicago- you specify neighborhood & rating. We've got great hotels (4 stars) under $100.
yay! I'm a speaker so be sure to check out my session!
No longer #lost thank god
thanks for the blog post Dave, we appreciate the kind words!
I love you
lol r u ok ?so u were still alive?
Someday a bad hair day is a choice. Snooze button or good hair? right & If you've seen me 2day u know my answer.
"Gagging Order" from the Com Lag EP.
Geez dont walk into a tree on the Golf course,you might hurt the tree:).
so while you busy trynna fit in, i'mma stand out
Come down to the #MKEairshow & visit the tent & say hi! While your at it, snap a pic of the famous !
so i got class in 20 min and dont feel like im going to get up already
RT : "I BELIEVE IN LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT"... I'VE BEEN LOVING MY MOTHER SINCE I OPENED MY EYES.. HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!
Mike Brown the Phil Jackson no standing during the game not working. Get up and work the refs.
Archie comics have done gay weddings and multicultural marriage. Audience show of hands showed more Veronica fans than Betty.
And AT&T's HSPA+ is plenty speedy for my all my mobile data needs. And until their are true UNL data plans there's no need 4 faster
for what?!
Please tell me I'm not the only one awake at this hour... ? ? ? Anyone? Lol
Thank you for making us "The leader in the lifestyle." Don't hesitate if you are new in the swinger lifestyle to contact us with questions!
Be sure to like us on
Going to bed. Basketball in the morning
you post old pictures of you basically
Olympia is so cool.
Now will apologize 2 keep his job & #Marlins will encourage this to save ticket sales at their new park. But it's all politics
Kansas, Nebraska, & Oklahoma are getting hammered by Large tornados right now!
The rain fkn sucks
Thanks! So glad you like it!
Having fun at the festival with <3
first motorcycle ride.. hair = rats nest
Phil Katz recognizes the "epistemologies of the creators" ... rewiring our own brains, our students, and technologies?
I appreciate the invite! I had a great time - see you next weekend! :)
Working on librarycopyright.net.
I am going to just redo you guys' tweets in Emoji
Just got approval for NYC in May.... now what of these petit gateaux's I see you go on and on about?
No Frog Legs today Lil Homie!
I see faces in the trees on this teary Trail, but they know we are here, and they are glad to see us.
I like the idea. I think it would help bring an identity to the bears that they have been missing for some time.
All great books should be consumed with such abandon.
Breakfast with Santa & Story Time with Santa booking FAST!!! Phones have been ringing all day. Call today to secure your spot! 410-752-2490
Your name is Nancy, Negative Nancy.
tehehe... One poor girl went #2 at a party in her pants and was forever known as "shit-brick" for 4 years :(
feeling a little HUNGARY today...Budapest you're on the menu!
Student email: "Oh Mr.Pratt i have to tell you something...what was it? oh yeah HAPPY HUNGER GAMES!!! MAY THE ODDS BE EVER IN YOUR FAVOR!!!"
Lousiest foul call I've ever seen refs!!
I liked Thor, actually. It was funnier than I expected. And Captain America was pretty okay. :D
Dam I be smoking foos on the freeway with my lil Honda, their not down to bust moves like me, imma die one of these days lol
Art In Practice tonight @ 6:30pm with Mark Allen of Machine Project!
GO BIG BLUE
Cheerleading today I'm tired....
We are booked and ready to go for National Association of School Psychologists annual convention in Philadelphia!
Chupacabra tacos... and soup is good food... Come get some at union station today! N capital at mass!
Hey Carole! Thanks for the station RT and the smile! Glad we could make things better!
Stay tuned for our FaceBook and Twitter exclusive deals coming very soon.....(like tomorrow)
Thanks for the RT! Hopefully we'll see you there!
nice one!
Shandy: Miller Lite with a splash of lemonade. My new summer drink. Rooftop deck at Tavern Downtown, good company and cool drink = heaven
No denying that. :). Was just saying some aren't s influenced as others. Slaves invented the banjo also
Just passed into North Carolina!
. I'm one of your constituents, and I'm urging you to pass the American Jobs Act now to strengthen our economy.
last year. And they just returned back to ABDC
#games Heavy Pawnage
90% of all researchers that ever lived are alive today. Talking about abundance of information at
no ma'am.. i took off for graduation, but i'm not going anymore.
Huge thanks to ! And amazing & board/team
The general rule is: the greater the value of your content, the greater the return on your investment
#hipdc Excellent health informatics panel moderated by Carol Torgan, PhD - We tend to self track w/ numbers but not visually. Let's start.
I just finished watching "coach fucks a runner" so hot(;
got 20 people buying tickets tomorrow for the march race in Vegas 2013 can we get good deals at south point ?
engaging != dictating, so, yeah.
All this time and I still think #You'veGotMail is one of the most beautiful movies I've ever seen!! Tom and Meg are such a great duo!
Thank god your doing better I've been praying for you ever day
wait, is pregnant?
ha I remember that. Awesome. “: Did sports once when guy didn't make it to set, another time when live shot went down."
Off to #school now.
Me too! I'm in love with Nick
The book was better. Not that the movie was bad (AT ALL!) but some details got lost in translation. To be expected I guess...
#erl12 penny earned is a penny saved starting now!
FB? as in facebook? damn 49-13 is pretty ridiculous. kinda like how the chargers owned the chiefs today. oh yea
"Being academically rich and socially responsible is one of the greatest things you can accomplish." Christel DeHaan, June 15, 2007.
2moro maybe lol I been doing hair allday I'm sleepy af man
yea that's the last one I'll tell u about today later..... I gotta shower(: brb
hell yea go Noles!
Good news: I'm on vacation Friday. Bad news: I don't have tickets to the #Brewers home opener.
There's something about sunshine and good music that makes you forget about everything else.
*txt* Party at my house!
Sullinger is such a baby and a whiner that he makes look like a man.
What exactly is #bizforum?
Lmao!! RT : After the Fairley selection, Jay Cutler faked 4 injuries to his lower body.
My first memory was 9 months before I was born. I went to this crazy party with dad and left with mom. ;)
Spent the morn refusing my dads repeated offers to buy me a car, by the time I arrived to his house in Palmdale, he had bought HIMSELF a car
Ready to start. leads it off with What customers want
follow!! Please
Good thing Mazzaro is still in A. Wait.......
i was sleep all day -__-
Bay for sure!! His contract was double Wade's. Bay biggest sports bust contract of the last 5yrs. Albert Haynesworth as well.
The 2nd Annual Maryland Traditions Folklife Festival has been announced! Save the date: Saturday, June 16, 2012 at
Quite fitting Kompany scores the winner. Zabaleta was absolutely terrific! Nasri 24 mill quid, just fucking shoot.
"When you look at your life, the greatest happinesses are family happinesses." -Joyce Brothers.. Home with the fam
So I was one the phone with & I didnt even realize it o.o oh yes.
Yes! A huge bottle from the northwest.
thanks man
Spending the day at home watching sport, hanging with the family, BBQing and catching up on work
I'm a realist.
thanks for spreading the love xoxo
Being on teal and soony for... Well anyone at this point...
Hanging out with one of my fav people in the world, my manager! :)
Working on sharing all colors of music & people in my K-5 music classroom. Played Stevie's "Black Man" for them. He says it well.
PLZ don't tell Garnet Coleman what is happening in El Paso or that I lost 7 endorsements to Aaron Barraza they call "PRINCE"!
nice yeah not much here either did my second #INSANITY fit test this morning and week three starts tomorrow
Why don't we put more emphasis on applied discussions. Rather than esoteric ideas, we'll focus on actual actions.
add me on facebook! <3
Ongoing discussions about better ways to render tile maps and make them beautiful #TileMill #WeoGeo not #ESRI not
I'm not reminding you of the time change. Be late! It ain't my job to keep you on time. Besides, you been told a million times.
#Glee + #Whitney = happy fag
2 of those movies suck ballsack!
BOO! Did i scare you? ;D
Great meeting you guys tonight, keep up the great work at the NBA....Go Bears!
does anyone want to play transformice with me?
Last minute Xmas gifts? Lift your spirits with Lottie's Lounge t-shirts for $15.
Bit of a log jam purchasing tickets for today's game.
I'm half swedish, but I think could easily make me lose my lunch :~(
no no no
you studying tonight? Have the stats exam yet?
Not at all sure about today...
Wait! Send him my way!
Welp it appears the cough medicine I took does not work. Oh joy.
Shout out to my new follower
Love being in Kansas City, but problem I'm having is too many BBQ choices, not enough time. is priority 1. LC's for dinner?
you can have a cute but grouchy baby sidekick
I would forget the pie. Fml
just so disgusting!
ass ass ass
Fundraising party for 's forthcoming Soul Cinema, 2031 Adam C Powell Blvd. Friday from 9p-1a! Let's MOVE!
yea I can do it when I get back
What was your topic(s)?
Alaina(: I love you very much :D <333 Twix and pussy, member that?(; Love you dearly(: LYLAS, Jay(:
Well this is a shitty Friday night
: I am at the #ccid2012 conference in NOLA and just heard about you from Diane W Brown
hehe, oh well. Ps, just saw her driving in front of our hoods... might wanna stay inside tonight.
Respect to for having , "The Wire's" Bunk Moreland narrate their piece on . Quite appropriate.
my mouth hurts so bad :/ gonna try to go to sleep goodnight <3
Everything is better with smooth transitions.
MORNING BABE!
Been drinking since 9 this morning & pushing my way through rehearsals.
My school is so damn ghetto i swear there are so many pregnant girls up n here its unbelievable :O
Haha, this war between the "Archies" and the Hustlers is so amusing. Tumblr has blown up with the fanbases bashing each other.
My bby stomach hurt :(
Broadcasting MSG VARSITY HOCKEY battle tonight between Delbarton and Morristown Beard!!! Looking forward to it!!!
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts; therefore guard accordingly. Marcus Aurelius
Maguire U outing this weekend in Deerfield Beach, FL.
If one watched your show, over and over again, nonstop, is it considered "obsessive" ?
Eating blueberry treats after the trail run at Pike Lake. Feels great !
Mac Mini Lion Server 10.7 Install today at New Haven, CT law firm. VPN & File Sharing
LMFAOOOOOO RT : Lmaooooo. Look at his cantaloupe head RT : Damn that nigga is actually ugly b.
RT Success demands singleness of purpose. -Vince Lombardi
CO Senate gives preliminary approve to HB1345, 2012-13 school funding bill.
OMG I just found out something that will BLOW YOUR MIND!! I was born ON MY BIRTHDAY!!
#SmartAssQuestions: In USA we buy made in China. What do they buy in China? Made in USA?
I don't right now! You coming?! Check w/ us closer to date?
We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
#imagine Austin: Where are your lips? You: On my face? Austin: Wrong, on mine. *kisses you* ;D
I want to see my reall grandma before she dies and I have uncles that I don't no and cousins I dont no my dad has her number he saw her when
it's the order of the suits: Spade, Heart, diamond clubs.
Alright, time for the Beastie Boys marathon begin! Licensed to Ill until Hot Sauce Committee, all the way.
Daylight savings and Selection Sunday make me a pretty happy girl!
Oh hey, they're based in Austin. I live there! Looks like they met their goal. Good for them.
too bad the person that tweet was directed to prob didn't even see it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
So tired et energetic at the same time.
He's like what, 13?! I only turn 16 in August... pft <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
We're still without power after this morning's storm. Please be sure to try calling us first before stopping by! 847-467-2338
#Vote for Ken Leonczyk. Lets restore the American Dream!
I'm pretty sure you can't get AIDS from kissing. You can get cooties...but I'm pretty sure you can't get AIDS.
For updates on #TheRedRider, like Fury Films on Facebook.
So far.... Spring Break been live AF ;). Tomorrow im going back to work to make some money$. Night Tweeties ;*
I am also helping you if you are helping me so follow and get followed
having the whole bed to yourself >>
We all have that one friend that is good at giving relationship advice, but is still single.
That was a rare sighting, because we don't go to movies very often any more! Not much out there.
Wishing our alumni & friends a very happy, safe, and ORANGE New Year! Thank you for loving your alma mater! Go Vols!
Sorry everyone! Dad was tweeting with OUR phone! We keep telling him to stop but he doesn't listen to anyone!!
I keep having crazy dreams I'm in the Hunger Games! The arena is Wal Mart and contestants are from American Idol! Haha! :)
I do love my mum
Getting my hair done
chrome will you please send me your request line number,precise wants to call into your show.
stop it.. I went to their concert last summer & i know they new album will n out soon so HA
some1 help me with mine
Process change is more important than matter mgmt software. Ownership by the practice group is key.
can you start using instagram again ugh miss your pics
Nonios has been scratched from the Derby Trial. They never were able to saddle him.
Tweeting from my new iPad. My life just improved at least 65%.
didn't know about it... who to contact?
- love ya! Hope to have you back sometime this summer- yes we will have pre-sale tickets, and NO I will rely on NO ONE -
Great wine and mac 'v cheese at Sip in Issaquah last night, I'm jonesing for more.
Changed it back to my original handle, but I WANT him. Hahah
We have #Karaoke from 10-2 tonight! If you sing a song you get a FREE SHOT! Happy Saturday #Madison!
"This Is It"
Yo Narwhals & Unicorns is the shit. :-)
Musée enjoyed the AIPAD Show & ran into Peter Zerva.He is a huge fan of our publication.Cheers to the AIPAD Show & Thanku Peter!
I have friends that use "me" for that.
RT RT : Tonight! Give Me the Banjo on #pbsarts. 9pm ET. We'll be watching AND recording. Can't wait!
Crown & Coke is a real mans drink lol
Did you know that you can refinance even if you owe more than your house is worth? We can help, call us today!
scheduling makes my brain hurt : ( but sleep is for suckers : )
I'm from Ohio originally. Cleveland, in fact. Plenty of awfulness there. But WI has the dubious distinction of being worse now.
#WordPress #Tools 360Voice Bits Plugin – Connects with 360Voice.com to post the latest info on your 360 standings.
Lindsay Lohan is a really good parole model.
screening this evening @ 8:45pm. Go check it out!
Kobe kobe kobe!!!!!!
Stay tuned...new release in minutes!!
i miss you too haha silly time zones!
#FF #learning experts helping others grow
you are SO welcome! Fingers crossed Fiesta is found SOON!
Now my white girl looks like a latina...i'm ok w that :)
#FollowFriday Just because she is the best (via )
no doubt in my mind that hooked on a feeling will be the only song ever to be successful with hunga chocka hunga hunga in it
Followed, thanks for following ;)
ok boss. i was going to say i like how u reason until that last line. it sounded like a mad black woman line.
Can't find an etch-a -sketch anywhere... all sold out! :)
This place is ridiculous! But $2 shots of Jameson were beginning to persuade me otherwise...
Cool, I'll keep an eye out for more good stuff.
enjoy the game!
true but still fantastic.
Let's go with #RiDe or #ride for today.
All is right with the world now that you're back on TV.:)
will pay someone to write my paper for me. k thanks.
#kony2012 spread the word. Light up the darkness. Together we can make a big change for the better of this world.
Homophobia is EXTREMELY #unattractive. Are you afraid of other men treating you the way you treat women?
I wish my flight home was today! But at least I get to go to watch party Monday, and chew on straws, lol @ realtuffjuice
great concert tonight!!! Wish you were coming to ! Wondering why I'm a "pretender" on my photo badge though..
Did you read the article that went with that cover? Just as clueless. Cheers to you for flagging it.
Interesting, matching how? There's already a list of citations at the bottom of the articles.
How good is Hulu plus? I ordered a pc to hook to the tv and we are going the same way you are.
Me && mii ride or die had a nice talk !
that's cool.
my bad, but in my defense there was lots of testosterone in there!
I remember after I saw the show and was trying to get back to the office to write the story that I tear-gassed. Fun times!
RT : Playing at Dicks Den tonight with Colin "cattle matriarch" Martins Quintet. 10-2.
C'est si bon! RT A new combo- tequila, , lime and rhubarb purée!
I love you , I really hope your dreams come true.
Reckless in this city of hot days n cold nights...
shew biology homework over the cell cycle, why you have to be so hard.. #annoyed!
sometimes remixes are better then the actual song
thanks for helping me smile even if i shouldnt
Hahaha Im like seriously?! and ikr x)
It's Friday in Vegas ! Remember your a few actions from the first step of living your dream! Hope you dream big!
Gemini~ What song would Austin sing to you for your birthday?~ Love me :)
Next week looks to be busy! If you are planning a school pizza party for next week please call soon so we can plan out our week.
exciting things happening in Wichita Falls...Texas.....
A wet snow on UNM Campus. Come on big snow....
GAME ON!! 10K Followers x 10 $100 Gift Cards
Only problem with vinyl: no scrobbling.
RT ur P's & Q's" comes from England as bartenders tell rowdy guests 2 "mind their own Pints & Quarts" & settle down!
Paid tomorrow = Newbury for shopping Saturday
At the half - it's the woodwork 2, Arsenal 0, Chelsea 0...
I love me some hootsuite reports and google analytics, for measuring SM stuff.
TIMES GOES FAST WHEN U HAVING FUN LOL
I hate it when people try to get sassy with me! Hush yo mouth.
Did I mention that today was Fiesta Friday!
wat do u mean?
The classic pedicure is only $45 and is perfectly paired with our classic manicure ($20)!
BN, Powells, Book Depository, Indiebound reviewers - your time has come.
#FF to college friend - nice to reconnect with you on fb!
Good morning. What race are you running tomorrow?
Hurts more when you realize he was the right guy to the Blackhawks.
Does that include pink slime?
video conversion struggle day... oh maine
#GossipGirl you blew my mind this week.
We've heard how bad bullying can be, but what about if teachers just let it happen? My exclusive interview with Kristin Meise tomorrow.
you got to respect Chuck. As dumb as people try to make him out to be he always makes a valid point.
WTF. One of my students totally plagiarized her final paper.
haha. Ditto! Thanks for following. :)
Maybe we should make a movie about a guy obsessed with his brackets. What do you think?
Just saw representing on ESPN!
T's are getting crossed and i's dotted. Decadence trip winner to be announced soon!
"he loves you, you saw what he did?, ...yeaah, he loves you!"
I fucking love bumping music <3
Get to visit with a friend who own a recording studio! Gonna make some tunes ;)
Massage can relieve migraine pain
is the most consistent artist ever. Listen to #tmmlp, shit is ridiculous!
My hubby and I are out drinking a Fat Gary and a Big Hop. East End rules.
Ugghh... Why am I so nauseated??
nice work! Guess im gonna be a horny goat beer promo girl as of nov. 1st! Super pumped!
Spent entire day on funding report and reappointment docs. At least the latter can be digital this year! -- woohoo! -- progress!
like what? :o
I'd write stories of my drunken escapades... But that would require time and well effort out side my normal job...
ahh is it nice there? :)
<<< Follow because you're not a hipster!!!! Shit hipsters say dot com < is that a real site?
Student is pretty game, but mostly talking about convenience of e-books. Libraries aren't defined as keepers of print books
W-burg VA, not Brooklyn :)
Working now. Thank you. About to buy a scansnap. Doing my training.
Already sent the highlight to UK, his team went 8-3 lost in the first Rd of playoffs. He's a navy brat, trying to get him looked at!
ok it's official, i got it :)
Guys... my brother is having a cookout and drinking with his friends right now..: It's okay. That'll be us tomorrow
Hello Keri. Hope all is well!
Interviewed former Minnesota Gov Tim Pawlenty and asked him about the new Sarah Palin movie "Game Change". He said he hadn't seen it yet.
Two words. Paper plates. :)
Happy Hour tonight - see you after work @ Brave Horse Tavern for some free food!
who said we don't help? we already helped a lot of beliebers who didn't have the MWT on their country.. +
i really want to watch sailor moon right now
Gotta love the STAR WARS VISUAL DICTIONARY. (boys)
she's back tomorrow.
First women subtract from their age, then they divide it, and then they extract its square root.
I do finally
im following so can i please get a shoutout !
: re Xmas gifts. Why not say you don't want anything? Or ask your family to donate money to a non-profit in your name.
Classes start May 1st!!! Don't wait too long for a better career change.
Studio mate just adjusted the dimer switch by jamming a car key in the light socket. In related news, he's still alive.
i'm more of a fan of the 1st couple mags albums, but i agree with your statement. plus, premeditated is a killer opening track!
Weather Genie 2.0 submitted exactly 1 month, 2 hours from 1st version to Apple JIT b4 they close for the holidays... excited
followed, and omg thanks for the likes
yes she is Beautiful I glady told her she could touch my cheeks she does my vagina usound also
Arthur just had the sickest argyle sweater on
Sausage and beer - nice. I think I too would like Gamla Vasa.
Which is worse: walking to work behind a smoker or walking into a bathroom after a smoker? Toss-up, I'd say.
Great and successful #greenscreen #musicvideo shoot on Sunday at the
You're welcome and thank you :-)
shouts out to the the fine people of : & check 'em out at www.industrypr.com
thanks :) & followed .
You seem like the type, to love em and leave em. and disapear right after the song.
And you can order one in the bottom of the ninth with two outs. I did
Bar? That's much better, I assume.
o aight !! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><U+2708>we have to do something when you get back than
Cutting down strawberry hearts w ! Such great tips on slicing & marinating fruits. Vegan cooking class!
#MoJo still missing and now I've got a headache... can this day be over...
OH: Who do you think you are, Sanju K Bansal?
Oh good! I saw some of your tweets today. Glad it's helpful! I love our community and the policies created.
ahaha are you serious?
Whats your favorite Jam?
Looks like an awesome class - thanks for the link!
What's Good G!
Meet & Mingle Event TOMORROW July 1st @ 4pm Free Food & discount on Salon Services 6320 Winchester Road #Memphis 901-794-0553
Never a dull moment in NYC! If you can make it here ... eek... you can make it anywhere? lol Hope we make it!
The Weekend
THANK YOU everyone this is
You will! Hang in there!
I know Im kinda late on the reply but... I want wings too!! Im down
U kno its cold when ur girl opens her legs and the heater kicks on...
I love my city..even the dead nightlife..
It's actually scary to think about what will happen after high school, you forget about people you spent so many years of your life with...
Nope no sex right now. Got to go take a test
I really want some Burger King or Dairy Queen, haha. <U+E120><U+E33A><U+E409>
Beatles mix cd accompanied with radio shuttle talk complaining of the woman shuttle driver
Getting ready for the Chicago Half Marathon!
listening to 11:11 on repeat, yupp, that's pretty much it(: follow me please???
RT : Tiger should've at least posted 12 under. Putter betrayed him again. STILL not 1 come-from-behind major.
I love our #Britax carseat/stroller, but the straps are not long enough to anchor in my car!
no lol. Oh my God I love her.<3
JD is SLUMPING.
Cant wait till u get home!Miss and love you
I am not fond of Justin Beaver in any way shape or form.
I'm afraid it's quite the opposite.
Back in
Happy Friday Beautiful People! The sun is out, top is back, I feel good, and I'm doing Great like Tony the tiger #ILoveLA - XavierLT.com
And they already messed up one of the most hyped up games with cheap, cheap fouls. So stupid.
"Complete culture of selfishness in America" - sad, but true,
4am arrives way to early! :(
Little dude wins the 3rd round!!
OMG! George Michael's "One More Try" is one of my favorite songs. And "Faith" and "Father Figure." I love him too.
i just go with the flow
": #Twitterpoll What female athlete you feel has the sexiest physique?" Serena Williams no question
Snow day!!
Is this photo of the Gaylord in Dallas?
NASA State of Flux Images of Change - The Arctic Institute - Center ...
RT“: Being In A Relationship Where We Both Can Act Silly Together :D >>”
RT : The most troubling aspect of the Romney bullying incident is that he forgot about it.
Night Town with the crew <3
i just want to figure out everything and go see the movie "Blue Like Jazz"
my enrolment for College and Prom is in two weeks and i hope the tickets take a long time to go on sale and then i might have money
Oh and I'm also getting sick.
You live and you learn...that's what it's all about in the end and I have certainly learned quite a few things in the last week.
u always drinking
Is there an app for that? Keith Clinkscales, SVP of Content Dev & Enterprises will discuss the new business plan for magazines at
that's not a bad idea. Just need the jingle.
Excellent Auditions, filmmaker meeting, and time of food and fellowship yesterday. The momentum is building! ACTION!
Those days when you just can't seem to have solid pirouettes... tsk tsk
Difficulty opening the photo... for now all I have is this image of Joey starring in the Spider Man musical
Coco Chanel gave me head so i guess I'm in fashion?
Enter to win your admit 2 screening pass with for by texting the word NATURE & ZIP CODE to 43549. deadline 4/12
Now using Linked In for Blackberry Application
I love you :)
Ever open a drawer to get something, forget what it was, close the drawer and immediately remember, only to have to open the drawer again?
That pu**y tight I strech it right outt. - TREY SONGZ BITCH
Quite welcome, Sir. :)
Awesome time at #technori today. Cool pitches from Chicago tech startups. Look out Palo Alto!
No doubt.
wednesday, oct 26, 6-7:30pm at the Puic Square Mayor Jones @ Richmond Times Dispatch 300 E. Franklin St, get there early.
FREE Website!! Yes that is correct we are doing free websites with the purchase of an SEO package. Best Business Deal Guaranteed!!
Another feild goal what a suprise.
sort of. Frisco. can't decide if I'm in Oklahoma or Orlando. (trying to figure out if I will ever actually leave , will e-mail)
the things i would do just to hear your voice </3
Have you recently checked your doors and windows for cracks or a loose fit in the frame? Wind gusts could cause a false alarm.
baby you light up my world like nobody elsee <3
haha fuck it let's go!
...what is THE PLAN..again??!
Found my library card lbs yayyyy!
LADY GAGO, KATY BERRY, DEMI TOMATO, MILEY CITRUS, DONUTS BROTHERS, TAYLOR SWEEP, BRUNO JUPITER. Welcome to Twitter (:
Bloomington is burning down.
I had a great weekend in #Portland-Vancouver although I am happy that I made it back to #Seattle. I am hoping for some #snow in the morning
The May 20 eclipse changes your life if your 0-1 degrees of an air or mutable sign.
You mean that's NOT how you pay your bills???
u did a gud job in that movie think like a man...had me crackin up the whole time
S/O out to lisa for hitting us up today to place an order, cause she seen our mascot on Saturday on water street!!!
I'm thankful to all the smart, friendly people I've met online, for all the things you've shown & taught me about technology & creativity.
Whoa!! Cheated death once again. On the ground, locked and chocked. Gotta go find a sammitch. FO says she knows a place.
okay....? Btw I wasn't creeping it was on my timeline. And why would I ever want to creep on u? I obviously HAVE a life unlike u
Girls are pretty hypocritical when they complain about guys looking at girls boobs. Girls look at other girls boobs WAY more.
www.funemploymentradio.com! greg nibler and my new project! woohoo!
Who the fuck is this team and where are my #orioles ? Go O's!
what's good ?
how's big pretzel and ? sorry I couldn't help you guys out back in Feb, I'm in LA now so would love to connect
Looking for something to do this week? Check out our local events pages and use filters to find exactly what you're looking for!...
I sense a sushi shortage hitting the east coast if that happens. Will let you know when I get itinerary
For sure!
I'm about my business.
blocked for Baltimore City Schools, too... along with every. single. personal. page.
I need to shave. This hair underneath my chinny chin chin is irritating me.
That's preposterous. Who would EVER do something like that.
I don't know what it is about ninjas called Steve but they enjoy following people
Baby, baby, baby oh<3
Who iz the
Honesty is the rarest wealth anyone can possess, and yet all the honesty in the world ain't lawful tender for a loaf of bread.
“: "Facebook isn't Craigslist" via Don't post listings & open houses. I would say the same 4 Twitter”[sparingly]
what kind of hoops? we just adopted one -- I don't remember any hoops, besides normal shelter background checks, etc.
Make new friends but keep the old ones; one is silver and the other's gold.
Hahaha phew getting kind of hot-blooded over here. Need to cool down. :p
#sometimesyouhaveto let your heart love.
Psychotherapy/counseling integrated with energy medicine (Reiki) gets to the root cause of issues more effectively than therapy alone.
Even worse: many organizations write a policy then never communicate it to employees. I've seen that at global brands.
Ok just finished 1st Korean class & oh man! That was a lot...But we took a wine break halfway thru which was lovely!!!
yeah. and about George/George/Jeb Bushes, & the Paul dynasty, & Cheney, & virtually every silver-haired white male senator
Parents, Bureaucracy, 19th century processes RT : What do you believe are the top 3 obstacles to change in edu?
#warof1812 enthusiasts - win a #free copy of Star-Spangled Sailors! when #author has 50 followers she will #giveaway 5 books!
This fucking guy did it again! Let the damn email program do it's job! Don't send an email and stop by 40 seconds later.
RT : Why does nobody love me?
Interesting paper on gardens in medieval poetry at our Falvey Scholars presentations this morning.
Sarasota jury duties complete. Last night our section, "Independent Visions," awarded the following three prizes:
Hehe, thanks. I'm just a little woozy. No schleping boxes around or running up and downstairs today though.
Let me know what you think of the 'Box. I know the girls will be awesome as usual.
Proctored a communications law final exam...its funny seeing 90 nervous undergrads waiting to take a test
Hey followers I have a new account please follow I want to try to have the same amount of follower as before!!!! Thanks!!!:)
I might! This ones more in the reality show realm. Narrator is a must I'm sure. I will let you know! Hope all is well
- just wanted to let you know we are thinking about you and totally want to see you in December
Sorry (sort of) that the Rangers didn't get you a present yesterday. Happy Bday anyways!!
Oh how I love family game night :)
| thanks for the follow Mario!
Baha great idea. I'll work on that! RT : Hilarious. Can you get him to start a "Toga! Toga!" chant?
haha no problem :)
yup. Are you coming back again?
Welp, I do not have a steady hand with nail polish, that's for sure.
Public Service Announcement: Ladies of NYC, stop wearing Baby Phat. Now back to your regularly scheduled programming.
Ask, believe, and receive.
It's sad, but sometimes you gotta accept the fact that some things will never go back to the way they used to be.
haha no doubt!!
this for me rite lol
you look so perfectly fluffy today!
God, there are so many ugly people in here. I should really get out of the house of mirrors.
is the 1590 at noon or 2 today?
Just ordered my Up. Its been awhile since I have been this excited for a new gadget.
Food storage sale - going on now! Up to hundreds off our already low prices - Visit FastPreparedness.com now!
> Thanks for the well wishes Matt! We were pretty well behaved on Friday. Saturday we lost our marbles. Good stuff. :)
..came across Good Shephard Charity Design Project blog...saw u were an organizer, then found The Teen Project PAD...impressive
Breaking Bad!!! #bandwagon (#late)
Dont let go of the good times + let the bad ones know you feel fine just wear your heart out on your sleeve love is all love is all u need<3
what happened who you mad at
if you need twin actors, look no further cause we are right here ready to work..
Walk that path with a dime and a stick. Walk that path with a diamond and wine. Walk that path to the firing line. Just walk, pay no mind.
Just finished recording vocals for 3 new practice demos! The plan is to get these online soon with some killer photos by Nick Ghobashi.
turning into a casual semester-long baby-author trope, but this was a total end-of-the-semester surprise
freeresortbeach.info New Post - At what altitude directly abo.... Read it now at <html> <head><title>410 Gone</title></head> <body bgcolor
basketball tomorrow ?
Is this thing a duck or is it a rabbit?
looking at the reviews, you may be right!! ;-)
I loved giving out #acting and #modeling information during the event. Hope we work together in the near future.
Reporter live tweeting from scene RT : I'll be showing the scene and break the events down as they happened
Must be a Southeast Asia kinda thing!
fly to Ft Lauderdale...usually way cheaper and only 10 more min to downtown
Hey, you just havent found the right ppl to tweet and follow has one?
I agree!!!
look who's talking
Berklee has been getting so much PR past couple of months.. Lol & it's only about to get worse .. Lol
I hear ya
2 sets of 2 tickets for tonight's game vs. Minnesota, who wants them? #freetickets!
Now i'm making my dad pudding.
#GiantsLoveJordan played his music today and every day.
Go Bears!
A little not of hail falling on Oak Park.
to celebrate #welcometoparadise today will be a Cody Simpson day!!
laughs maniacally as the GOP is hammered again by the Tar Baby of its self-righteous hypocrisy.
Exhibit #1 why I can't watch NBA playoffs right now: Bulls 35 , 76ers 26 at HALF!!
Join us THIS THURSDAY for rock the mic 2012! 6PM at the Barnes and Noble cafe! See ya there!
crap mom is home early! GIRLS, get in the closet NOW!
Products that claim they are ALL-NATURAL and they aren't. #FamousLies .....RAW Heat & RAW Ice ARE 100% Certified Natural by the
Please welcome Versace, my new chinchilla friend!
We are almost there be sure to sign up for more info
Good morning, enjoy your day!!!!!
"When did having enough stop being enough? Even if you could have it all, where the hell would you put it?" 'In Plain Sight'
#HardestThingToDo when your at someones house and so hungry but dont want to ask for food
Thank you for a wonderful Mega Saturday!!! We raised lots of money for cancer research!!!
Im like catching up on movies I haven't seen yet
Thank you back.
Tallon is up for the GM of the Award. We all know he's going to win it in a landslide ;)
That's disappointing.
congratulations. In Hampden?
Hilary says that a passion for social justice drives her non profit career
Why, thank you!
I fell asleep in class.... -.-
Adjustment Bureau one of the most romantic movies I've seen.
two so far . First Impressions and After Hours. Enjoy!
This Saturday, January 21, 3-6 p.m., Bible-Based Keys to Communication and Support Group. Newcomers welcome.
How can you have such an amazing game (& series) & end it on such a bad note?
RT : I am in need of a few well-adjusted students for a volunteer thang this Saturday AM at Interested? DM me or...
RT : Thank you for all your hard work. You are doing a great job.
Don't forget, next week, WEDS 5/9 1pEDT join for the #CustServ edition of
have we met? But yeah I do..,
u do realize the Stern nation can ruin your career, especially being on the radio. Time to fess up!
thanks for coming in!
On mi way to Red Lobster with mi fren her treat
Now that I work upstairs I don't mind Sats so much. Sundays on the other hand, should always be a day of football.
I wish I would catch Devonte in some
The dog will be there to keep the man from touching the equipment
Hate I gotta b here n my bae hurt her self I rather b with u
Hope it's a beginning to big things.
band Perry
what is?
If you had tickets to see Davy Jones in the Dells next month, I've got some bad news...
Need address 2 send shirts...REAL BUSINESS REAL PEOPLE REAL VIBES...
Live more, Complain less. More Smiles , Less Stress. Less Hate , More Blessed
Hurricanes RB Miller falls to Dolphins in draft
Do we know if Chicharito wanted to play in the Olympics? Can't remember him saying one way or the other.
Flip flops are not business apparel
How do selling prices compare to listing prices in your area? Find out at www.atlanta-home-sales.net
I've had a huge crush on you so.ce freshmen year I think you are so beautiful and I would love to make you mine
i live in the az and its alredy 11:06 and im bored
Great trip to CT despite last minute icky weather. Making mac and cheese for dinner while listening to ice pelt the house.
I know it will never happen but if and did a duet OH MY GOD two of the best bad asses together <3
My left headphone speaker was going out. So I beat it against the tabletop. It seemed to help.
check out our platform for sports registration and digital solution. We're located in NYC also. Hit us up!
I wish superheros were real! I loved avengers! Lol had fun wit
ur mine too (:
YUMMO RT : having a shift cocktail at work. ;) 'cool as a cucumber' so yummy!!
The Creative Director on certain clients: "You can't coach bad taste."
The bug that prevented the "more" button from showing more posts for logged out users is now fixed cc
Has been #inlove with myself since day 1, but now i think I'm actually #fallinginlove with someone else who truely deserves it**smile**
Burning select CDs from 's collection. The Felicity soundtracks, too. That's so Noel of me.
I will slap you 2 times
Chris Bosh was on the court tonight?
That sounds rehearsed! ;-)
thanks for calling me, it actually made me feel 1,000 times better c;
So good to be home from almost two weeks of continuous travel, time for a lil' vino from the cellar for a home weary soul..hm what to drink?
If I Do Dis Talent Show Wat Song Should I Sing Doe?
i wont wit her ratchet self,
S/O to Emily Wendorf and Nick Hoskins for killing it today at FAW!
50 Cent Beer tonight cuz it's, you know, Monday. Now til close, get a pint of premium beer for just 50 cents.
HUGE 3 pointer to finish the half! Cards up on Michigan St. 23-18! GO CARDS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Me too, but it pisses me off I have these sausage fingers.
My heart keeps telling me hold my breath, You'll never learn a thing if you bail out now.
you just reminded me of the bar scene in "Airplane!" "you could count on a graduate seminar breaking out almost every night..."
haha I aim to please. You wanna talk about it
want 2 know how to build relationships with the right people in hollywood? what do u want 2 know most about acting? post your questions here
yea I know I'll pay your ass back
Redskins... ugh!!!
I would tell you to go to hell, but you can't follow directions!
Good job dude u are so effn funny u make my tummy hurt when u perform
Living in pittsburgh, so after tonights game everyones facebook statuses are about how bad it was
Remember when it wasn't Oscar season and non-civilians you otherwise respect paid lip service to not getting caught up in the scheme?
Looking forward to this! RT : Will be at #CBODN conf. this afternoon to talk about how foresight helps orgs be more resilient
Thanks, we appreciate it!
you at INTA? I'm in the exhibition hall
only you Bird only you
#sschat #edchat Ideas for website to set up 100+ wikis? Used wikispaces on a smaller scale but interested to what others used??
Absolutely! I'm a fan! RT : Thank you sis!
Ken Jennings quotes:....“It's so much fun that the money is just icing on the cake. There seems to be a lot of icing.”
I so dislike that punk. I hope he never ends up in Boston.
Nice flyer
I know u were :) photos info all soon
Tupac is one of my favorites ever, but it's a bad sign when the hottest new talent in your industry is basically a 15-year-old recording.
We want to throw a tea party!!! Who's coming??
What should go onto our #Brewers pizza?!
Looking over images from RAW: Seattle Fusion, and super excited about what I've got. Well done, artists!
We're going down for regularly scheduled maintenance. Should be back up by noon!
Single and free.! :-) happy as ever.! staying that way.
how does it feel now that you have met taco?
Following #kidlitchat to see if I can pick up an tasty morsels as a librarian in training.
You don't go to high school to find your husband, you go to high school to find your bridesmades (:
Celebration of the artist le Brocquy as spiritual, noble man
Taylor Gang or be wolverine at an airport terminal.
followed closely by chex mix
oh that drama ..just seen it.. O...M...G... CHARLIE DONT SURF WITH GREAT AMBITION...
Seau, we're told, often was seen headed down to the ocean in the morning to surf...or played his ukelele on the porch with friends. Tragic.
Transforms3, not bad. To much Hollywood in movies.
And 2 hours later I'm finally home! #OMG!
Quiet day at home with my family :-)
No work till Thursday
New sponsors are rockin' our world at #BlogathonATX! Healthy workout *and* healthy water! &
u like her better than mia?
How are you?
“: Remember ladies, the best way a girl can give a hand job is when she uses her mouth.” that's science.
#jackkelly legal advice.
I left #righttoremix feeling some harm in indulging this luxury RT : his luxury is picking at the scabs of a broken system
What keeps me going is all the #inspiration I have out there.
heck yeah! One big happy family. :)
people don't even understand how the world works and where it lies among the cosmos.
amazing photo!
MARRY ME HARRY STYLES
so did you have to make an announcement in the theater or
Thank you! I can't believe...a repeat of 1994 conference finals....
I love this video! Such an inspiration.
I love judicial review to put irrelevance (Feinberg) in their place and marginalize them
Congrats to LaMichael James... Just became Oregon Ducks all-time leading rusher. Every yard from now on is gravy...
Calling all Iowa State students! Meet recruiter today at the Ag Career Day from 10am-2pm in the Great Hall
I got2 hear a lil sounds from ya mixtape but I'm on phone so its slow but I gotta finish listenin your good from what I heard =)
Lol thanks babe <U+2665>
i won because i was accused of drinking and driving not public intoxication
Okay cool?
Truthfully both teams deserve the win. They were the two best teams.
When you remember a bad memory you guys had while you guys are together & it kills the mood....
hahaha he hatched
MERLE HAGGARD - SING ME BACK HOME LYRICS
The president will not stop in WI on taxpayer funded bus tour. You would think he would campaign where last three elections have gone Rep.
Blastoff starts this week Thursday. A free way to save and make a little $ with online shopping. Http://my.blastoffnetwork.com/chadb
your favorite Greek island & where you like to stay on that island?
You're quite welcome!
did you guys go to sleep???
So excited about this years Football Season!
Thanking god for each and everyday
everyone should get some on Saturdays...
- $30 Billion is less than 1% of the tax cuts for the wealthy; We are not getting our priorities straight in country
Still some heavy showers but most lightning now well south DC area Hey May has average 5 days with T'storms
#MenIWantToCoverInChocolate ...? Who comes up with these ideas?!?!
This weekend come see a locally-made feature film. Heavy metal. (Need I say more?) 'Metal Messiah' starts Friday.
Thanks for joining the discussion! Did you find it helpful?
No, tech has made my work more powerful and exciting! Tho I wince when I hear "why do we need libraries if we have google?"
No one can want something bad enough for you to make it happen. For lasting success you have to want it yourself~
<------ he had d most amazing eyes
true true
check out our #blog www.resortbailout.info
You are very welcome.
good! I had Starbucks as my breakfast drink and food before school:D
I'm bringing all the necessary things to work tommorow to make sure I dont get a migrane ! Food ,Water, Migrane pills and icecream money :)
• He's always been one of my favorites, always will be.
Ill drink hot chocolate any season idgaf.
I think I'm behind the times on this one but I'm totally addicted to downton abbey
..Franklain- who has ALREADY implemented the 'giving' by running in the London Marathon today (Sunday)....DONATIONS STILL WELCOME, for...
All 18 Chaminade fans in the crowd are going nuts right now.
lol, your weird
Really? Ffs! I don't watch any of that crap, it's just thrust down my neck on every turn! I'm pitching #ibizauncovered 2012 version
Where can u find the pluggin
With 2012 underway, we're looking forward to #summer when we hope to see you PublishingCourse.What are you looking forward to in 2012?
Do you have a white phone? Maybe you'll get a call on that white phone. No one knows these things.
Lol , k good
i requested #Boyfriend just for you!! (: <3
Appreciate it man!
my computer settings are for "English (UK)" & i'm in US- just realised so everything I'm typing is getting a British correction... funny :)
Thanks! It's good to be working w/ OutQ again, WI is going well! How's things out on the road??
oh i know. I chipped in for the elegant Bieber dog tags:-)
Now thats a great idea!! there must be gigs there for the rest of us… right?
Missing Friday house tea (and house mates)
#Quote Every calling is great when greatly pursued. Oliver Wendell Holmes Album Available A.N.D.
I can't take the stress! #Caps RT Rangers tied it w/ PPG with 6.6 seconds left. Ward still in box, double minor. Heading to OT.
respect for the follow. Dig the shit outta what you do. I'd love to work sometime.
My man. On fire. RT : Another possible Nerlens Noel UK shirt: "Fade to Block." You're welcome, #BBN. You're welcome.
Excited for radio panel w/ , , David Krasnow & Julie Snyder.
I love how most of my songs are started by freestyles but ppl say I steal my lyrics? Lol never in your fuckin life get out of here
Life Lesson~ You can't make decisions based on being afraid you're going to make someone mad. Be the courage to follow your heart.
Me, and are going to be soup and crackers for halloween.
Oh k.
What it do?!
#YouGettinPunchedIf you say me and Allstar Weekend aren't dating. YOU'D BE SITTING ON A THROWN OF LIES.
Then they show a Price Fielder bomb and I just shake my head.
bootyfull y u call her dat
Time to make the Donuts: Off to Saratoga,Wilderness Lodge, Contemp,Jambo/Kidani,Movies , & Caribbean Beach. Need a scooter,We got u covered!
I don't think they're gonna derank me for something that's in the game. Stealth Clown over there is too busy doing (c)
Designated drivor for the night, need a ride in south padre hit me up
Going to beach in Santa Cruz <3
PowerOfStory note 5/6: use what you don't show/say
Be patient with everyone, but above all yourself. – St. Francis De Sales
Revenge is one of my fave guilty pleasures of Fall TV
is bringing the big fire to Gallery5 tonight!
They say Taylor was a good girl, never want to be late, complain, express ideas in her brain
Hail, schmail. Just don't go outside.
I don't have that issue since I'm too frugal to ever actually buy anything new.
I'm not sure
greatest show ever
Happy birthday for a special friend to me <3
#FollowFriday Truly Amazing People->
you're going now?
sounds serious. How does that happen?
On my way to #ISOJ in Austin. Looking forward to hearing 100 new ideas this weekend!
Just DL'd 2 Rick Astley songs. Must watch football all day to regain manhood.
the Niall thing...I don't know. But if it is I am down for them b/c they do look cute together.
it looks bad in person but even worse in pictures, haha.
not true
LMFAO this Saturday Get your tickets @ Http://Tickets.slentertain.com & USE PROMO CODE 0317 to receive the $20 discounted tickets!!!
#SometimesIwonder if I should live like there's no tomorrow and put everything I want on a Visa.
you love 1D ???? You should follow
I'm doing the same exact thing
Some fail to realize you get Nothing for Nothing....
pshh you haters are the worst... You will always find something!
supposedly invention of electricity. I'm not sure I have this lil black book that sites alot of african americans as inventors.
our burning ashes
"I know we've both made mistakes, but you could never fail me."
Well, he's not bald; but his hair is way too short! D:
I really love your product! Would love to give a testimonial!
You scarred me. You lied, claimed to be my friend. You left me when I needed a friend. You pass me, smiling like nothing ever happened.
funny we both tweeted moments apart, how are things up the hill? sincerely (your varnum st neighbor)
Those hardcore negative customers, when turned, can become your most ardent supporters. Turn 'em around, or fire 'em. ;)
It's that time again...
Just saw a spot for 'An Evening with Yanni.' I actually struggled thru 'The 30-second commercial with Yanni.' Can't commit to an evening
you just do not win cups with goal tending like this.
All God's Creatures World Premiere at the Hoboken Int'l Film Festival. It's two days away. Tell your friends.
Thrilled that will be producing the 2010 Seattle Show! Thank you WD.
FREE show tonight 6pm! That's right, FREE!! Come have a good time with us! See you there.
Thanks Cara! We wish you luck in your new location!
can u tell me what is alli's background? i cant see :D
Any Kind of Bullying is something that affects kids, #youth & adlults..Stand Up To Bullying
New severe T'storm warnings for Dodge Co. until 4:30pm and Jefferson Co. until 4:15pm.
Preparing for my 2 hour, 3 bus adventure to Columbia, MD! This will be quite interesting :)
Excited to say that tomorrow is Pay Day 4 me!!! been too long with out a job, forgot how it feels to cash a check. XD
Im in love with a boy that doesnt know I exist. heyy am I invisible to you?
What a perfect week to have off. Masters Week! Who you got?
After the Pacers game, find me right next door at Coaches playing musics. and on deck as well. Free, 10:30p-3a.
Build your own interactive exhibits! Come by 1436 to learn how.
She's a go getter!
Guys with colored eyes <3 >
There actually were some lady Rat Pack-ers: Katherine Hepburn and Judy Garland were in the Holmby Hills crew. Very cool gals!
Still up..watching movies. Friday needs to hurry up and get here.
emergency brussel sprouts are awesome. I saw on FB that you're taking #hugtour to Hawaii!! Send photos!
Life is so much fun with my Aspie son.
Seriously? RT : KLM now letting you use Facebook profile of fellow passengers to help you pick your seat.
Its Christmas Eve! Hope all who are getting drunk while their parents fall asleep in front of the tv are wearing a Night Owl shirt like me!
The Easter bunny got me chocolate cheddar popcorn from Disney World. I am a #happygirl :)
Took 8 quizzes today!!!
There's something special about Arcata, CA. Thank you Redwood Jazz Alliance and for a great night
Snooki's baby is gonna be hella short ! Poor kid.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore. Andre Gide
tastes of heaven! Txs!
keep smiling, & one day life will get tired of upsetting you.
at home sick by my self.no fun
better than 0
how am I GRAND
in elementary after gym, the teacher really used to stand by the drinking fountain and count making sure everybody get only 3 seconds!
Members Club at #LSP getting packed.
Bo The Heat :) RT : I DIDN'T KNOW THERE WAS THIS MANY PACER FANS . HM
You scream, I scream, we all scream for Open Data!
Call Me Snapple Cause I Got The Juice.!
#icantstand people who eat with there mouths openn -__-
I'm EGGcited for Easter!!!
Oh, she knows. And that's why she supports babies being killed -- because of her racist hate.
Butter is purring while she's biting me... seems kind of demented.
lmfao oh nick
LOL. ": Talking the finer points of Thor, or maybe the debt ceiling, or maybe thor's take on the debt ceiling......."
I kinda want to live Tweet this convo. "Majority of American guys don't know how to dance."
hey Jenny, great job on keeping up with the hs beat,do you know if anybody will be streaming the hightower/pearland game?
The REALLY cold wx will ship out of your area by the weekend, but it will stay pretty chilly through the foreseeable future.
Hi Brandon, I just sent you a DM with the link to the PDF of my 5-10-15 plan. Let me know if I can help you with anything else!
WMYB comes on the radio and my mom and I just start rocking out. ahahaha x
oh no! Mary will be leaving around 12 to go out of town! she would hate to miss the sweet opportunity!
how are you doing GyroGirl2?
was it awesome??!!! What did it look like?
#Top100Lies "I love you"
That really hurt me
My 78yo grandfather called to tell me he had downloaded Chrome and ask if I was proud.
- awesome - we'll see you then! Let us know if you have any questions!
#Bestie, I miss you:-) Tomorrow hit me up, i def need some advice from you. shoot me an email please frederick_woods2000
Pacific Urban Sources Off-Market Apartment Transaction
RT : We don't need another indie press. We need another 10000 indie presses. With Echo Park Books, just 9999 to go.
TGIF!!!! Getting closer to our Yankees!!!!
FYI, changed my twitter name :) Can't wait to see you this wknd!
Live band karaoke TONIGHT at Alex's in Long Beach!! Get there early to make sure you get the song you want!
wow, I wish I could have been there! Thanks to your tweets I'm getting a taste of what I missed.
Headed to #Naples this week. Any suggestions? It's my #sofla deadzone.
It's an employer's market. This is a great example of showing you have skills, as opposed to just saying you do.
yeah, I saw your posts about it. Looked like a lot of fun. I need to go back to NY someday. Such an awesome place!
I miss u
great point. Debates like these degenerate into an echo chamber that causes many, like myself, to disengage from the conversation.
Muslims are advised to use this phrase when such names are mentioned or written
#RIPMCA RIP Adam... Thanks for all the great childhood memories growing up listening to your music... A true legend... God Bless...
Having fun planning BlueberryStell.TV "What I Did for Love" shoot! What did U do for liove? Willing to go public?! :-D
yeah I have no idea...i don't even remember where it was...north of n 1st right?
part three is posted! look in my favs for my story! going to write part 4 then go to bed!
Terrence Jones is the 30th player in school history to have at least 600 career rebounds.
lil freshman bout to get thrown in the trash
Looking forward to Thursday!
lol your welcome
OMG OMG OMG OMG U SO LUCKY. i honestly dont even care if i get the iphone or not any more cause im barely on my phone
Well this weekend was a list weekend in the yard. Now this busy week just got crazy. Gotta go.
Bring it on kathy
Almost recovered from epic RBMS/ALA conference week. Vague memories of great conversations and new ideas emerging from the jetlag fog...
Sitting in on a session at #ciscogsf through telepresence - really cool...enormous potential impacts for government.
So excited for this weekend!
Bruce Jenner
listening to and trying to falling asleep. Probably not helping if I'm on twitter
Me, too! It's hard for me to focus on audio books and get the story.
Big announcement later today. Well have a limited edition release Saturday.
jus, had an encounter with a giant bee creature, and made, really funny nosie, kinda wish someone heard it!
Due to a severe snow storm, Charles River Apparel will be closed today (Wednesday 1/12/11).
Man im bored some one Dm me
Feeling real good right now. Thanks to michelle of kissable lips cosmetics and her tips on exfoliation. No homo.
"Better down the road without that load"
Me and think that you need to come up with a more creative twitter name.
How bout this Friday?
made out with a bottle of claret tonight... gotta say it was a good day!!
Happy Valentine's Day! How will you spend the day with your special girl?
Q: do you like school? A: ehhhh..
Two more hrs!
Man, if they cut out those scenes that would suck. I suppose it couldn't be as good anyway, if they didn't cast you again..
Haven't had enough basketball lately? Us either! Reply with #BeMilwaukee to get you and your friend FREE tickets to the game on 3/27!
<U+2605>Just wanted to pop by and say hi to my favorite Chocolate! <U+2665>
Ken Green: No one said word processing would improve your writing. Awesome! Tools are tools . No magic. Focus on smart use of tools
SD County library system has over 300 copies of Hunger Games in circulation. But I still got mine on Amazon.
Laurie Fine is trying to restore her "good name". GL
Raise your expectations of all software.
I have no idea what the FYBL is, but I love it already.
damn straight
amazeballs. However, I can't say that i really have a practical application for noise of any color, fast or slow.
sorry office cafeteria but if something contains both the words "cream sauce" and "bow tie pasta" it cannot be the healthy option
me encanta la idea
hahahha ok ok cool :P and no lol you're saving me for boredom (: how was your day??
I feel ya there
Sox could/should have won both of Santiago's blown saves. Also, they blew another winnable game in the O's series.
So far with the exception of luck, all the picks have kids, so young to have little ones. At least these kids won't struggle financially!
Today 1976: An ice storm coated southern Wisconsin with 4 inches of ice, causing more than $50 million worth of damage.
Monday Monterey Chicken. Grilled chicken breast on rice and topped with ZUZU green sauce. Only while they last!!
Yo thanks for the love! Peace
When your phone decides it's going to completely ignore what you told it to do.
Sounds interesting. Can't wait to see it.
Too Groovy Salon is the leading salon in Atlanta for flat ironing natural hair.
can u get on oovoo?
need this W tomorrow
LitFuse - we are cranking out some sweet Flash work for the latest release of Born Magazine!
I bough X-Men first Class on Blu-Ray and watched it once. Tried a second time and shut it off. Batman Begins/Drk Knight. I can watch all Day
sounds like a lot of fun (and calories) xox
Glad my wait wasnt in vain
US Soccer on in the office... These uni's are pretty bad.
Madison voter turnout was 22% Tuesday. Higher than in 2007 (17%) and lower than in 2003 (26%) -- the most recent years for mayor primaries.
Nice to see rounding into form as the #wjc approaches...
could the hotel guy have fit one more "doggie entendre" on there? Lol
“: i need a thug in my life lol” thuggish ruggish bone!!!
good morning
I CAN'T READ THAT SHIT!
for sure, racing is all i love to do
Major project brewing next week? We want to help
If your looking for a #NETFLIX film to watch! Watch Middle Men it is a fictional cautionary tale about the start of the adult biz!
Your flaws make you perfect<3
Kloppenberg back on top. CRAP.
Marathon next month in DC and then my charity event in August.
If u twit a lot u re a twitrat. If u facebuk a lot u re a facerat. If u bbm a lot u re a berryrat. If u re adicted 2 all u re a social-rat.
We love Bethenny! Come on:) RT - as a NYC transplant, I can attest that if you want a great breakfast head to
When I reach 1000 followers the winner who has gave me the most shoutouts will get a Play-On bracelet from me :)
Hey Paul, thank you for the follow! Didn't I just audition for you a couple of months ago :)
Carlos Beltran doig his best Josh Hamilton impersonation. Has gone yard in first two ABs today. The second was a grand salami.
awesome! Gotta love #d&g
Relish won the boat race...
blessings to you Gloria, your voice always brightens my day!
About to go downtown and enjoy this weather!
oh yankee loss
Another day, another doctor.
I can dig it.
aye lady wassup
I need to set up some photo shoots to.
I'm following back ALL lawlorffs! So PLEASE follow and RT? :)
how was LA tho?
I like the way you think. This is a good idea too.
Does anyone remember Robert Benchley, actor, writer, Algonquin Hotel roundtable raconteur?
Memorable day advocating for Massachusetts with other business people at the White House. Governor Patrick joined us at the end of the day.
It's another day against the voices.
John Glenn, the mission lasted approx 4 hours, 55 minutes, and 23 seconds.
For me to tell u "I love you"
will UK be able to practice in the super dome during the sec tourney?
The irony of a costume fitting: I've tried on about 25 fab Madewell outfits, yet the director chooses the cheapo Forever 21 I came in! :)
Rihanna tour includes Cee-lo Green and J.Cole comes to LA Staple Center June 28th and 29th! Go get it!
Need Town Car Service? All it requires is a phone call ***** 303-591-7102 *****
True Born Records i
“: Almost to 17K for tweets.... I have no life” I agree with that
Just tapped Anthem Organic Apple Cider.
And the day takes a huge upturn towards the very end. Let's go
We are sad to announce Saturday's show in Chillicothe has been canceled and will not be rescheduled for the foreseeable future.
Loving all the great pics from tour - keep 'em coming, you lucky ducks ;)
I'm going to sleep now.. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Don't be an Extra in the Movie you call your Life!!!
When you breathe, you inspire. When you do not breathe, you expire. (If you think about it, this one holds a deep philosophical truth).
Rubblebucket, Sister Sparrow &amp; The Dirty Birds, Trixie Whitley, Robert Ellis, We Are Augustines and More Confirmed for ...
did you get the DM invite to Monday's event? Hope you can come!
"Daddy's Bussy." I always cry with this Shit :c
i have an OPI Gel Nail Kit at home...
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYSPIKEYMIKEY happy birthday ! hope you gave a great birthday! love you<3
thank you so much. :)
definitely check us out for PPM!
that's okay ;|
idk I'm trying to figure tht out 2
So tierd I have another meet tomorrow and the next day
Yes, they have some great tips there.
I wonder where I'm watching the super bowl this year.
Curb Center's Dr. Elizabeth Long Lingo Speaks on Creative Campus, Belcourt Theatre at 11:30
Awww! You guys are so amazing! Thank you for the TT!! Made my day! I love you guys :)
They also asked for dressing on the side.
How is everyone's morning going? What's for breakfast?
if a YouTube user is not partnered but one of their videos goes viral, they do not see any money from it. Correct?
lol nah not really most ppl lyke lil b
It feels good when you doing positive things in your life
During the Apprentice finale, the Donald will announce his Presidential intentions. Until then, lets see who gets the boot tonite!!!
Happy Thanksgiving! Happy Birthday big bro, love ya!
RT : SIN CITY DUBAI FRIDAY LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT
and now live #ThrowbackThursdays on
hhheeeeeeyyyyyyy, have you heard of texting? No, didn't think so.
Memphis needs to find a way to get Andre Miller in the offseason. He would be huge for the 2nd unit
Omg i hate this
I am cheering for #BobcatNation over #Tarheels on
oh yeah! bringin' the heat!
If it was slowpitch softball we would pull the illegal Mikens out of the bag and start our comeback. Unfortunately it's not, and they can't.
yup, the 23rd.
Boy: talk dirty hunny, Girl: Imma ride this shit! Imma fart in ur mouth! Oh ya! Imma shit on these walls...! Boy: um...
It hurts when someone special gets taken away...
Thank you for joining us the other night, , it is always a pleasure!
sarcastic pun
Yes, I care about you. I also want to have sex with you.
Thanks for making a featured event. This is a GREAT event for children. Those under 12 get in free!
appreciate the follow ms lady, i see u
Anytime looks forward to working w/ again on future projects!
I just applied for a job by sending my a link to my work on fb. I miss my laptop :(
I need to find a nice cheap bass rig. Fuck man!
LET'S DO IT LIVE!
u know me... i dont know how to stick with one thing.... smh thats my issue man
one day you will embrace my constant need to hug you...Maybe not anytime in the near future but I can dream lol :)
Got to see win #Game7 thanks to my girl Thanks for the suggestions Missy!
- Waitin for & to make RnB worth lisnin to again #Talent :)
I see how it is haha!
Damn you Pam!!! RT : I may have nightmares.
lol you will be just fine! :)
Is Hines Ward a hall of farmer? I Say yes.
just start humming the Chariots of Fire theme song... it'll get you there quicker
understand the context of the job each of our students have to do at school
to press “yeah” or “neigh” based on the majority will of the people who put them in office.
OH MY GOD BECKY, LOOK AT HER BUTT. <U+E105> - thought i'd sing for you, like you always do. lol.
I might just beat someone's ass this week.
What a magical night we had in Ferndale last night ! Thank You for all the love and support !
At a table labeled "for bloggers and tweeters" at #mla12 for presidential address. Is there a minimum tpm I have to maintain to stay here?
welcome to the block. excited to meet you tomorrow! -your neighbor from 7th & C
It feels weird talkin to him I'm about to hang up lol
Sounds like just the right way to start off the weekend Michelle! I'd gladly volunteer to provide whatever assistance I can! :)
RT : K-Mart goes to locker room to get IV. He was sick this morning and missed shootaround. Return TBD at halftime.
#nye RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join & at KLUSOZ... & at PEPPER
I am so over this moving thing.
Ugh...Logos quiz game, level 5. Thanks :(
I don't have enemies, I mean there's people I don't like but they don't know I don't like them.
Externally applied castor has hundreds of physical therapeutic uses. We offer Caster Oil Training and Therapy.
Who's in MIA tonight?
no, he will play somewhere else. Its all about money.
#ows police taking occupants on public bus #human rights m17
The moment when you walk into a spider web and magically become a Karate master.
my brother's baby turtle is so cute! i wish i could cuddle with it
Narcissism comes in many forms.
I want to go to Reggie's workout but the couch will not let me from its grasp.
As a dog returns to his vomit, so a fool repeats his folly.~~~Proverbs 31
hahaha sounds like a plan! Give me a holla when you get in town
1 in 6 going hungry in America! Not on my watch.
Try your best to get everything in writing... You'll thank me later
How is it going for you? Let us know if you need any help. Our website has a ton of scholarships.
And today i just got my northface!! :D, yesterday went to a party sparked it up with friends, and now I'm happy best weekend ever
Our show at with is Friday at 8PM. We have a few tickets left, just send us a message or mention.
greeeaat the A schedule is out -- I'm presenting on WEDNESDAY and SUNDAY. 0.o
what a fine choice you've made. Dinner all day and night!!!!
same weekend as electric forest but a lot cheaper. we're camping all wknd so you should prob just come
yeah visit us!!
Awesome! Have 2 at home.
Yeah i do also. Lets go to one there ? Up to much this weekend ? X
“: ": I really hope that sees 's tweet that she just sent...." #TooLate”
Have the best broskie in my life #handsdown wouldn't replace none of them. Representing P.H.A.N Crew
babys bon iver. I want to play the piano!
I was just thinking the other day that if I raise kids in the city, they won't know what a mall is. decided it was a good thing.
just got home ive have lost a good friend of mine rip whitney houston
> Chuck Norris
put him out of the house and dismissed the secret service. Then call the producers of SNAPPED to record a new episode.
Why do I get so many followers when you RT me? too popular.
headed to cline line
Love me or hate me I'm still amazing, so adore me or ignore me.
The worst part is behind me.
We’re excited to see new followers interested in the “Dead Sea Scrolls & the Bible” exhibition coming in July. Please RT & share!
Let's Go Mike Vick
is sexy ass hell...but y all those damn tattoos? thats a overload!
thx for following me!!!
Just lost all My fucking contacts...
Hahaha , you swear ...
Can't wait!! “: Just watched first cuts of our studio videos! Trying to finish them soon so we can share them with you all!!!”
oh shit.. They got a Miss Black MSU now?
U NEVER KNOW KATIE! it might be different next year
the joe is crazy with Detroit pride.tonight!! Loud as hell, 5 minutes left, Red Wings 5 - Calgary 3 ... LETS GO WINGS!!!!
doing good and reporting wireless tech for I will do a story on the LBJ Library's mobile strategy soon!
Underpants? Commissioned! But hurry - checkbook closing soon
At lexis house..
Got tons of money for my birthday, man I'm so thankful.
no doubt unk. I had to breath in
I don't think I can.
Good question. Also eager to know how analytics weight RT versus favorites. Which influences more?
hear I am talkin aboout the beach, and u r livin it up.... lucky u
Thanks for sharing our article about the Milwaukee Museum Mile!
I am new to all this. Know anyone I can RP with?
Great! And yours?(;
Hey Brian! How's your evening?
I think about it every second during 6foot san diego.... (converted to hawaiian: 3ft, Jersey: 25 ft.)
I'm sure someone at Cobra can take care of you. cc:
Tonight.....530 to 830....mention this tweet and buy one get one free any frappe!!!!!!
Define your own road in life instead of traveling down someone else's
What is the exact location of the mayor's 10 am presser tomorrow? In front of City Hall?
your my inspiration:) please follow me:)
I highly doubt that..
I wanna go back to sleep so bad
A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory.
- interesting collaborations between #lifesciences pros and #engineers - cross-pollination of ideas like #lean and
Hey lady. Hope the session is going well.
The fml moment when u finally realize that u turned ur alarm off and now u are running late.... FML :O
Hey. What was the name of that new frozen yogurt place near Alterra????
follow me back zebra lol
Resend it. It was the one you said I wouldn't like
Meeting new people is the best. Just met a guy who wants to partner up on some dev projects.
Got back in from GA around 8pm and now im back on the grind! Who's up working right now?
is this a new band?? or que pasa?
"it is foolish to reject criticism. In order to improve, we need to know what is lacking."
So there are 44 Brittney Collins in the U.S. ...
“: GG to , one of the best.” yup, gg Christian!
The Kevin Durant and Doodle Jump commercial is awesome. Good job Sprint.
Now, now! No need for cheatin', Jerry. Tiffany is ADORABLE! She'll get there fast. ;)
You like dating easy girls? Why not just stick your Dick in a bee hive and save yourself the trouble?
RT Heard you're being auctioned off tonight Sorry I've been MIA
Aw Lil Mama has a crush on Ian like me c:
How are they going to make that movie? I mean, rated R? Dunno.
Best I Ever Had by Drake <3.<3 #GoodSong :)
I am disturbed to see the growing stream. 1962 all over again?
Hey girl! Question. Are you writing up that schedule for blog posts and such? Or should I go ahead with that?
just dip ragin' in the hotel room
In complete #Shock!! Just found out a dear friend, Sylviane Lozada, is #Missing!! Husband & 5 year old daughter have fled to Venezuela! :'(
Exam time
is on the Bus to Beelzebub.
It would not be appropriate to wear a shirt at breakfast this morning.
It's a beautiful day for #MakingStrides! I'll be hanging out at the 72nd St. Bandshell in CentralPark - Stop by and say hello!
RT ' new freshmen representative is now on Twitter with a perhaps less than super-well-aging name: / <3
Proud member of The Workshop Theater Company. Support our "Coldsnaps" (one act plays). Great job actors!
I would rather listen to A Day To Remember then my mom's boring iPod. -_-
I know why you beat the rap Some day you'll be crawling back, crawling You'll be crawling back to me, yeah
If not structured properly, you could definitely have span of leadership issues - depending on your org.
Today wasn't as good as I thought it would be
Coffee with - yes!
You're welcome , and nice to meet you too. Sure thing sounds good!
"it was a portkey. We don't know why we're here." went Harry potter on it. Can't stop laughing.
unless they are a comic book or graphic novel publisher, they are making a huge mistake.
Crazy busy day... Looking forward to no plans & wine on the back deck tonight :)
step1. of zebra #cake #annihilation #frosting #consumption step2. eat the #cake #begin !!!!!
Fine. I'll watch DOWNTON ABBEY. Can we stop talking about it now?
RT : Hosting a tweet up at Marquette tonight. Focus will be on covering urban news.
Am off to Louisville tomorrow for the tour launch. They'll be in #Indy on Weds Feb 22.
love that beer.
All right people lets turn this mutha out! Happy freaking new year! #making2012myb%$&h
Bottoms up!
Ima give it a chance I don't think it'll be bad foreal
I'm looking forward to getting more exercise for sure.
yes I'm still alive :-) I just don't know what to do, I'm torn up and I don't know what to believe
so cute!
Not so fast, you still need a leather jacket, then you will receive the title!
kk go step on a lego mom cause you dont wanna give me money for the concert
< I almost told u sumthin partna!
Afterparty time! Celebrating all of the awardees
I have school tomorrow, great:)
Cole cut off by the Be-A-Star ad. Priceless
tell us a joke.
looking at mavminivault
Yep! I can't believe Marvel put him in.
Lots of GOPers deserve some credit for bailout - Bush, Carlos Guitterez, even John Engler. Mitt's not among them.
Stop thinking about stupid shit, put on some call me maybe and just let the sweet melody lull you to sleep
Double checking the recycling pickup days in my new BK 'hood. Their website is pretty good! Check yours, lower right: www.nyc.gov/sanitation
Check it out check it out check it out check out -- check this mutha fucka out !!
Why are you posting mean q's about yourself? Ur not cocky or a whore, just love yourself!
#nowplaying Gemini bluee.. Love days off.. gettin pumped for Pure tonight --
Great thought!!!! RT : Lead a life that matters, by focusing on improving the life of others
That's the game...
#nercomp12 also using cam studio and windows producer at Bronx CC
You know you're getting old when u become visibly upset at the per pound price of fruits and vegetables
All I can say is thank you.. For everything you've done .
Nobody likes a potty mouth.
Heck Yes, but he has to take to out for wings at Schydes,
ok I'm going to check it out!!! Thankx
Musicians songwrites stop waisting time it's not just a website It's a Family come Be apart of not a part from oppertunity
TEXT ME AFTER SCHOOL LOLING SO BAD I HAVE THE BEST STORY
But so wat who cares
cool beans :b
So , both? MT: : Elysian Split Shot Espresso Milk Stout just rolled through the door. The official Seattle Beer Week Beer
Unfollow this page its hacked follow my new one now
how about them ROCKIES!!!!!!
Summer is right around the corner! A quick reminder that Nokero is a great lighting option for camping and backpacking adventures.
Have you sent in your submissions for the ATEC/EMAC showcase this year? Deadline is tomorrow!
First Tweet, EVER. Time to follow a bunch of people. I'll follow anyone who follows me! :)
i can't see it </3
Thank you for your kind words!
A big thank you to for debuting "Pass Away" during his show today on ! See Pomegranates at
Sports nation is the Shizuoka! Live at the superbowl baby! Michelle beadle Rockne the Madona look sexy!
“: I am trying to tell you! Getting on the bus with those big ole trumpet cases lmao.” hahahah yes! Memories!
#YouKnowWhatsAnnoying when girls drink one sip of liquor and they act super drunk -___- #FakeGirls! >.<
you're an aquarius? me too [: !
Checking out the two best football teams in Nevada tonight: Gorman vs Palo. Sunset Regional Championship. Should be a good one.
Damn Ty Lawson balling in those LBJs
Excited. And tell your mom ICONiacz said Happy Mothers Day<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090><U+2764>
I can't find the search on the website..HELP!!!!
Spending the weekend for #thatcampsf 2011!
aw thanks so much <3 .
Lmao. All night. (; RT : you know if you werent yourself and you were somebody else you'd tap that ;)
Jose, you are doing the same thing where you think LeBon has some mythical power to do everything no matter what.
haha! it's best when you do the whiplash-speed pull away from the mic when that happens. why is it so surprising?!
isn't that a movie? Xx
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite. -William Blake
Bailey's Grand Opening Tuesday, September 15th- Park Lane
I won the second rounnd! Yesssiirrrrr.
thanks for all the support!
Very close to getting our new guitar player!
RT Being a good writer is 3% talent, 97% not being distracted by the Internet. CYRUS FARIVAR
i wish i looked good in dresses...
Ambulances are out in affect smh
Your breasts are NOT mediocre! Where's that self confidence? haha ;)
And being brand new I will begin a life that should have always been mine anyways. Angel
someone with a job who was getting breakfast afterwards?
your tweets are so cute <3 them but would give anything just be followed by amazing u but u never notice me makes me cry :( <3
How you like the #Buffs we're making a run?!?!?!
Sites who take responsibility for curating readers' comments have more
"Education is for everyone" says John Glenn.
I was struggling with my .htaccess file and I accidentally typed a ? instead of a $. Whadyaknow, it worked.
He better NOT replace JEFFREY JONES
Making that money $$$
It's totally addictive!
Thanks for following Mike! It seems #TrainFirstChillLater is your motto as well!
you blow my mind away, I LOVE YOU! <3
Ha no, I don't think so - funny way to end a week! Have a good weekend.
ha no 2-4-1 specials at the moment. I'll keep ya posted.
is it possible to switch which Monday workshop we are attending?
Just found a Dutch Rock comp from 1999. This is either going to be the best or worst album I've heard in a while.
Opening Night. Finally!
Selena and Justin were just adorable yesterday at the AMA's <3
Thanks, folks! "See" you in 8 days!
Well, aren't you sweet. Thanks! I was just laughing over here because I think we retweeted each other at the exact same time.
Shoulda hopped in Saturday when I was there
Even if our mission sounds big, it starts small — with the relationship between two people -MZuckerberg
Being friendly is seen as an invitation. RT: : 1/7 women who experienced sexual harassment @ work is by clientcustomer
if you have any photos of your party at Orange Groves Villa, please upload them to the guest photos album
britney forever.
you guys need to stop enabling & baking! BAKE SOME VEGETABLES :P
We want to interact with YOU during the #prettyprogressive show! Questions, comments and/or concerns please call in at 713.652.5080.
In vegas wats to do
Hey. Tied up!
Great night looking forward to the next
If you’re a current DirecTV subscriber, we urge you to call 800-KEEPFOX (800-533-7369) toll free, and tell DirecTV you want us back.
Gantner hits a drive to RIGHT! HEY, GET UP! Get outta here GONE! A 2-run homer for Jimmy Gantner, and the Brewers lead 10-7!
...being open to NEW EXPERIENCES is NOT enough!!! Sometimes you have to "SEEK THEM OUT!!!!" #STAYCURIOUS ;-)
The fact that I have stretch marks at the age of 17 scares me....
pick us up foolie
Definitely! One of the best films of the 80s, especially as a travel fiend. They're always shot in amazing locations.
Are you kidding, ? 50K should be quarter-life for an Right, , , ?
Thanks for the follow!
good morning
Call me
Phillies final record?
Roamed around the largest market in central America w/Oscar & Interviewed prostitutes at their booths.
I would love an autographed photo of Where can I go and get one?
wow my mama too petty for blasting "kiss kiss" by at this time
Our peonies are just about to bloom. The flowers you brought the other day are still going strong. Thanks so much.
I think its big man! I think they need a hot start with having a new manager and no pujhols!!
I love your blog (: I've just now followed you! Great graphics, btw!
There will be substantial revising going on today, but first I must dispatch this heap of zucchini
At mayfair. Its been a min.
All Color, NO By products! EveryDay Beauty! Permanent Makeup is a natural choice! December Appts. SAVE $100. on procedures! Book Now!
who wants to play Xbox live???? hit me up xspooky18 is my gamer tag...lose your money if you want too..
Thank goodness for the mute button - The Star Sydney #fail TVC
Me and my JR in here watchin classic boxing on OnDemand...Tyson '86
I want to be a bedding burrito and stay cozy in my bed this morning. Rain=sleepies
Less Prompt more Coda!
lol its hard for me not to RT : What's yall favorite song of the week? ... n don't tweet me links to your own music
learned something new about myself. I got an email letting me know there are other Indian Americans looking for "hookups." Oh.
Today's museum experience has been snatched by an enthusiastic old lady...
Have the song "Last Friday Night" stuck in my head....I think I know what having cancer feels like
LIRR to NJT to shuttle to EWR to DET to CMH and, finally, HOME! Hooray!
Obamacare is here to stay. Too many people will suffer if it is overturned. I hope this message gets to The Supreme 9.
BTW, are you rooming with Martha again?
Almost been double headers all year long
oh I wasn't
will be happy to! Thanks Gina!
hi! Very glad to find you on Twitter! I talked about your blog last week at a workshop on feminist parenting.
R U Fuking Kidding Me?? #Seriously!
#nofilter.. But you've got on full makeup and fake eyelashes. Oh ok <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> stop it
Wait, hold on, there's a Tuba City, AZ?
I know why!! This isn't just a regular Wednesday!
Thank god Wiltjer is staying. I was so nervous.
Signed and left a comment
I had yours too
Muscle over import. #Retweet if you agree
I think we have to make love on the front lawn like crazed weasels NOW!
Interesting commentary from MKE's own about the growing importance of Latin America in global economics....
That means I get to see what might be my favorite movie, Boogie Nights, in 35 mm again. Always great when that opportunity comes along!
Thanks for the RT! Great seeing you today
They gave me the disk that I could view on my computer...but doc will call with guidance. It took a long time because mine had...
Apparently it's a Deftones kind of morning.
first impressions are good, but second chances are better.
Only time will tell, that goes for everything.
How do you type in slang lol
You learn something every day if you pay attention. ~Ray LeBlond
Honoring drum, quiet lama, for meditating across the northern hemisphere on your pilgrimage to help heal the world, one breath at a time.
Thursday night= freshman buying overpriced chasers at the cstore. i mean, finals aren't til next week, right?
where at creep? lol RT : I seen you today. lol
Is it too much to ask that I get white girl wasted every spare second I have for the rest of my senior year??...I think not.
And... I know... 'this is crazy. this is crazy. this is crazy.'... but... Vacation was GREAT Chase movie as well!
Seriously ALL of memorials at this nail place!
Damn bro, like that? RT : "I wanna make that pussy pop like a nail to a balloon"
I would happily host a retelling party at my place.
I wanna eat too. I like food
Night to all my followers
Really feeling the hot new ginger playing Wendy for tv commercials. Sexy. Yum. Burp. W
Coples...I love the pick, on paper lol
March/April Horn Book Magazine Starred Reviews
hit me up later!
It's like Summer! & Anthony loves Summer!
Battle of Atlanta World Karate Championship XLIII is June 17-18 . Join Us? Vacation in one of the world's most exciting cities!
Not true: "If you buy 50 tickets, you've equalized your chances of winning the jackpot with getting struck by lightning."
i love my kicks n shit but i aint gettin no cake shaped like a shoe b
it's Mighty Mike, not Max. :)
and whats black hat tactics? sorry
412 followers at the moment. 412.
I love hahaha y'all are the best.
In honoring Mother's Day this month. I will be tweeting words that celebrate the beauty and joy of motherhood! #momisalwaysright!
Shiny new toy. Like '10 & '11
Bubby Is Hurt.
Likewise man!
Can't hate on anyone doing they thang . #MuchLove2Ya keep pursuing !
dont need to pick up no phone. i know what's going on without say...
I was teasing but thanks for the advice. BTW, you might want to drop the pretentious prose. Simplify, Ernest. Simplify.
The Houston Rockets are hosting New Orleans Hornets tonight at the Toyota Center - TX. Get the game tickets by calling us at: 888-493-0004
lmao while God let me carry around a six-pack i aint gonna put my shirt on..cuando tu quieras let me know to see if we do something
Your tears are as fake as your personality, but I can play pretend too. ;)
Thanks for visiting us @ NW22nd yesterday! What did you have?
its ok thank u. It looks so good and it is huge lol :)
"Improved computer system" does not compute. I'm not sure that statement is even logical.
Go girl! RT : For every RT this gets, I'm going to donate 10¢ to an animal shelter.<U+2665>
SOME BOOBIESS (I used to know)
She's a man ;) good times
Please RT Keep $30 mil for #literacy and school #libraries in this year's federal funding!
i know!!
aha!! just the thing!! i need some rosaries though from Spain while here :)) xoxo
How big are the original images you're trying to process? That would have a lot to do with it.
I like her name!!! ": Kristen from earns thousands a month & has 11000 daily visitors on blog. #wapfconf"
just got back from poco
Sam. Roadtrip to you guys soon. Miss you, Heavy D, Stevie V, JJ Carter, Megan, Spoony, Prat...
hope your recovery is progressing apace!
Thanks! Hope your foot heals quickly!
Thanks to for putting together an amazing summit! Over 200 Investors and 25 Companies lead by world class talent.
I predicted this. Wildly obvious perhaps. “: BREAKING: Gary Neville signs four-year contract with the Football Association”
I don't! How much is it? I can buy episodes on Amazon, but they're $2 each. That's a lot! I LOVE the show. I just need to
Complete wipe and reboot of my DX last might. Bought , minor tweaks thru-out...in luv again.
starting on a book proposal with illustrations
Don't forget to follow for updates and giveaways on LA's first mobile-only hackathon
The day I made that statement, about the inventing the internet, I was tired because I'd been up all night inventing the Camcorder
Oh, I won't switch on the MLB package until late Summer.
-- dripping plates of food drawn straight from the city’s recombinant DNA -- Smithsonian Magazine. Just 1 reason why I love him.
Thnx! Right back at ya!
#wcphilly #day2 : Features are usually slated for a release. We are currently in feature freeze for beta 3.3, so now the focus is on …
Me, kimball, and eunice all rode the hamster ball.
it don't feel rite not talking to u
you hurt my feelings, so I figured this shit out myself.
but I really like Tiger's pants
im at work lol just tweeting , wat about you ? why you woke
Can't wait for the weekend
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 33
Hey Greg, we need a photo of T Gwynn to run in a 125-yr anniversary special section, but don't want copyright issues
corporate headquarters.
No internet yet...could not follow back my followers until internet is set up!
Chuck norris means action chuck norris means inflicting pain chuck norris means awsome haha
Learned some cool new techniques for helping world history students work w/ primary sources from Erik Vincent. Great teacher!
Well another year has come and gone and I am now another year older! But am I another year wiser?? Not likely... lol
When I was born I was so surprised I didn't talk for a year and a half.
Fuck u Luke.Scott
haha yes its so fun studying (:
as a fellow Vandy alum, I would love to collaborate sometime in the next year or two! LOVED your concert at Blair...
Happy Birthday :)
thanks for the follow, returning the favor, looking forward to your tweets.
Contact your representatives in senate and the house. Stop #SOPA Stop
Thanks for the retweet!
If you don't have Bunco tonight, be sure to head out to for All Night Happy Hour with Mr. ! Guest list 916-295-0720.
Rock on Speed Racer! How have you been?
COMMUTE ALERT! Sink hole on the off-ramp to Taylor from E-8..ramp closed till further notice - should be a back-up by 6:30 AM at the latest
Read about everyday life in Yonkers, NY from 1829 thru 1895 as told by Jacob Read in 1895 www.VictorianSource.com
Where the hell is #levilowrey. Wonder if he's ever been to the Washington Monument?
Feel good for Romeo Crennel.
Why do you talk loudly on your phone right outside your apartment? Isn't that what right inside your apartment is for?
how about that last presentation at Ignite? They didn't even give you an opportunity for a rebuttal.
Happy April Fools Day!
I am convinced that life is 10% what happens to me and 90% how I react.
Not to eaves drop but...CINCINNATI is SO excited! Loved The Way!
There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation! Thank You
Everyone that talks shit about songs & say its only about love can stfu bc #TurnToYou is amazing!
lol no thanks
VICTORIOUS IS ON!SOMEONE GET ME OUT OF THIS PISSY AIRPLANE!
There's like 11 of us watching the great TV auction and drinking every time there's a bird. Winning.
I hear you girl. Let's take a little Vick money & get a good bottle of wine, nice dinner, & talk about charity work for dogs.
no wonder I enjoyed the destruction so much. ;)
dang! I will be more careful next time. Glad you're in the loop, Dan.
no worries, keep up the good werk
yea that was a funny kid! maybe hes and alien from outerspace!!! ;)
headline in Hastings paper: "Police report preview: 'Scruffy white guy' wearing purple gloves, a BAC of .339 and smashed potatoes." lol
Just finished mw3 campaign in one sitting lol!!
(Princeton) www.artistsandbrands.com
Its not that those guys are nottrying to lose weight or haven't tried most of the tricks and tips of weight loss
DONT GIVE ME AMMO!!!!!!
you should have said thank you! lol.
The most exhausting thing in the world is to try to be someone you are not. Relax and be who God made you to be.
Sounds like a plan.
Morning all.
Shana Love is a true ass #BITCH real shit, nobody fucks with her cuz she's a lame ass bitch
had dreams of david tennant and creepy blinky statues...great times :)
Across all income levels black men dropped far behind black women professionally & educationally; women w/ college degrees outnumber men 2-1
When your pizza tastes like Bagel Bites
I tried to show u that shit when we were dating, and u were like that shits stupid. Lol
I've found this to be the absolute most important tool
Herodotus said some 3,000 years ago: "all is flux, only change is changeless,"
can you clarify?
Prof. Cudjoe has the floor
On the fence about 's take on the word "jazz," but I think we can all agree that using "jazzy" should be a capital offense.
seriously! That's crazy
This is me, this you, what the problem? ha?.
Did u catch the preso link? Missed it at the beginning. Thanks
sleep forever.
This music reminds me of the islands.. the ocean and sun, ahh I wanna go back
Yay! RT : Breakfast was outstanding the Hot Mess was awesome as always! #weekend more fun to come/continue
Hot Rod
Oh man.... Seriously, people get way too worked up about the dumbest things.
What do you feed the dog when you run out of dog food? We opted for half a bagel and cream cheese. Covers 2 food groups, no?
So my friend is letting me borrow her bass! :) What should I learn while I have it?
#IfOnlyICould be there with you
finished THE SONG OF ACHILLES by SO GOOD!
Ramon Santiago met his wife while working at Donuts Delite, says donut shop founder's grandson who owns Mercury Posters
I am a dungeon dragon!
yeah it is due Tuesday
“: IM ROCKING WITH LAWLESS INC ”
- I've unlocked some weird ones like "alcoholic" badge, "pedophile" badge. Hey, gotta play to win!
I can't wait to get home
in the day we bought a couch for the room in EllicottHall.It has returned to be worn by RoyWilliams today
Just finished 1st mvmt of a new work for Fabio Gallucci and Antonio Pilato, based on some Lorca texts, for their next CD, out in 2012.
God is moving you to a place where you are not only confident in your paycheck but in your faith.
I love giving ppl advice.
Would love 2 see crate themed boxes w/ sandwiches & being at the Getty, you'd need a special star bit to open them up
No one is noticing that im on twitter YEAH BUDDY!!! ;D
Apples and peanut butter over everything
Rondo should start looking for the cheapest flight back to Boston. Save time.
i don't do these stuff, if u want just follow & ask if u don't then u don't have to.. i'm not here to gain a million follower
hate feeling nervous -_-
#YouKnowHesAKeeper when he doesn't watch the new episode of #NewGirl without you :)
Crazy, I parked in front of a Subway in Oregon right now.
There is nothing luxurious about a 3hr car ride in a Jaguar that has no AC and it's 88 degrees.
me to kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
This night can move right alongside Fridays as a popular evening to go have fun with friends, and meet people.
Let's go
I was just excited to upgrade from cassette to a floppy drive. So much faster.
Ya know,it's SO hard to like someone who only sees you as a friend. Every time I talk to him, I hope he'll ask me out..that'll never happen
yea I go for personality
Happy Birthday beautiful, I love you<3
Never pregaming again..
GO FOLLOW AND I'LL LOVE YOU FORWVER
Layed out all day and went shopping good day <U+E04A><U+E00E>
I was wrong...Manning's in Denver but as much as I'd like to be I'm not totally conscious free about it.
Bounce bitch bounce bounce
lunched on soup and crackers so I can indulge on burger jones and cocktails for dinner
Update my mac to lion and lost my old photoshop elements.
what do you think about ESPN saying that texans vs patriots afc championship game
I know what I want and will not settle for anything less than I deserve.
Nicest passport authority goes to #AmsterdamAirport. The agent said he couldn't understand how it was possible that I was traveling alone.
Yeah buddy
I love little kids, they're soo cute
On this journey that we call life, It's the ups and downs that shape who we are in the end.
I Cried When Luther Vandross died.
LOL! Excellent,and thanks 4 the visual ;) RT Every time I hear "clean coal", the idiom "You can't polish a turd" comes to mind.
Pretty sure I just traveled 10 minutes into the past... No one believes me. All of your losses.
Pandora needs an option saying, I really like this song but this cover of it is horrible
I love u Danielle
Let the madness begin! I've got 4 brackets out there, one has to pan out, right?
No its not, you drinking the wrong brews lol RT : Beer is gross
I wish I had seen who did that fck shit lol
It's not about what I get out of it. For me, it's about you. I want to give you a chance to ask questions & see what it's like.
direct message me
I'd kiss Coco before most of these women out here anyway. Lol
Looking forward to having you back! RT : Thanks! Looking forward to getting up there again soon!
RT Stay tuned to SUCCESS.com for exclusive behind the scenes reports from The Women's Conference 2010, featuring... http://
tried to book 2 rooms for June but was transferred 7X & beyond frustrated with your staff. Terrible.
Teens find museums boring if there's not enough to do. They want to be active in mind and body
OMGshREALLY !! My husbands work is on heavy restrictions for expats&any travel&they have a 72 hour hold on any pepps returning2usa
How else will RW qualify for jobs? MT Few poor service sector jobs? Will a McDonald's open too?
Dick Pepperfield: How did you learn to play basketball? Jackie Moon: I saw it on TV a couple times, I thought I could do that.
#ff We share a passion for the CREATIVE in SE Wi. He's been most reciprocal.
did you ever find a spot?
Which shirt?? And you should just come down to the Showroom because I have New Arrivals in not yet posted on the site.
Check out this week's issue of for some amazing local gift ideas...including #seattle #sushi stunner SHIRO
yeah i dont have my phone so just tweet me when ur here
Feeding pigeons to reinforce bad habits in front of restaurants I don't particularly care for.
With the Rose injury, #Bulls title chances drop from 15.8% to 9.8%. #Heat rise from 25.5% to 30%
ok. That's what I'll tell him. It is kind of a "now" thing ... I wonder when the new Gnex will drop?
I heard the 3D is good, but I only saw it in standard. Not a big 3D fan.
hm....phone???? Is that possible to disconnect from your phone?? Prob not, since son is at PAX all weekend. Keep tabs-ya know?
fun bike-beer trip around SF, last minute. Marina, North Beach, Hayes
Mom:his liver is bigger than usual is that ok? Me:its a merrill liver It can handle anything!
#ForTheLastFridayof2011 or #TheLastFridayof2011 needs to be trending.... Like now!
Great meeting you last night! So glad you guys liked the pie!
The later it gets, be drunker the winners are...and the viewers? Esp these Louisiana guys.
yeahh we are technical difficulties we should be back up next week
just listened to your songs on your site- Great voice!
Off early today
gonna head out soon!
Thnx for the follow Ryan! I think I've seen one of your videos. You're a hot guy :P
yo how can i get you some beats
Bow bow bow bow
Patron wants ADA computer. We're checking the length policy.
Seriously! And now I live in sunnier climate, so it'll probably happen with more regularity...haha
Awesome to catch up with 2 of my fave original DC buddies tonight thank goodness for !
Winter has finally arrived. Bundle up!
what's worse is when they ask you for them.
Youk should've been exiled a year ago.
Changed password and deactivated it. over it. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Just got back from the Boston fair - it was hoppin'! Best go before they run out of books.
effie's funny! I like how sarcastic katniss is about her in the book xD Effnitch ftw
It's Thursday.. #SorryForPartyRockin at Cowboys tonight. RETWEET!!
Your Boyfriend video is AMAZING !!
Just giving you a hard time. I try not to be an asshole DBA.
naw we ain't even been friends cause your mean ass!
Alan Carr is so freaking funny omfg
Really? It's been sunny and beautiful here for weeks and weeks. So sorry to hear it's raining in the Alps.
Time for Netflix without Starz. Let's see if I actually miss much...
Yo that was a good fight Mayweather did what Mayweather does and Cotto brought it but ran out of gas late
tommorow then i dint gotta go to skool!:-)
Dear paranoid people who check behind their shower curtains for murderers, If you do find one, what`s your plan?
#tweet #tweet. Wut up #world and good luck to all #athletes playing this weekend. Wishing u safe injury free
he is so flawless and perfect i think i'm going to cry
VICTORY! EBSCO appears to be back!
I get up every morning determined to both change the world and have one (heck) of a good time. -E. B. White
Inline @ smart&final loading up on treats 4my office vend mach;lady Bhind me:"omg do u eat ANYTHING healthy or do u have kids?"
Just panicked that couldn't name the planets in order but I knew the acronym. RIP Pluto.
So excited for a three day weekend.
Actually, it's me all the way from Wisconsin. Sorry...
follow back :)
#americasgottalent just ruined don't stop believing.
Me to!!!! ->RT : So excited about your new show'!
Am I the only one tired of hearing about the iPhone issues? It's got a 30 day return policy, if you don't like it, get something else.
But I took your matches, before fire could catch me so dont, look, now..
yeah sometimes I have to turn twitter off and hide my phone. Sleep is worth it. Tweets will be there after your beauty rest. haha
": #ifonlyicould Camp out outside Barnes & Noble on a school night to get wristbands for the boys' signing..."
When looking to localize keywords, use a foreign localization expert to find keywords as not every culture searches for the same concepts.
dude I didn't dance with anyone ether
you are the most amazing contestant on THE VOICE.... #TeamJamar for the win.
lol dude, did u post it already? And are you suggesting that I should post it myself? That's what I meant
Are you guys having another festival in 2012? Stereo Space would love to be a part of it.
Have any of you chosen to celebrate this day of love by sweatin’ with your significant other?...We mean working out together of course.
*starts slow clap*
bought some ding dongs for (:
I admire your gym dedication! Hope to get back on my #safit grind soon! :)
oh, I know. This'll be round 2 (out of many)!
I get really excited when I see blood.^^
I'll be there!
your eight year old is fast!
Doing laundry for 3 people is so NOT easy, or fun, or quick... I still have 2 more loads :s
I have a feeling I'm gonna get ebooked out in the next 24 hours. But it's cool.
My room is so clean! It's crazy!
Clickbank Scams? - How to Promote Wellness Through Hope
Thank you!
Loved tonight's episode but what's new other than the episode itself. This show is so awesome!
blake is doing better, just really sore.i read your email just havent had time to respond, i promise i will tho :)
You just made me chortle in public.
At this point I wouldn't be surprised if Marion Cotillard was playing Poison Ivy
Tx 4 Learn at 40 MT! U might like my book
Tomorrow marks the middle of the work week. Wednesday is a great day to stop by for a $10 shampoo & set 6320 Winchester Rd.
well i love metallica and marilyn manson and i like you too! :D
little band out of San Francisco called A B & The Sea. Playing to an empty bedding section of the store.
- I guess worst case scenario is you'd have to sleep out there...you'd be alright with your smoker and top notch home gym ;-)
It's time for Friday Blue C Trivia: all of our conveyor belts move at different speeds. Which belt moves the slowest of all?
results. NO CREW ELIMINATED. Everyone is safe. RNG and FannyPak live to fight 4 the title.
Watched The Avengers again and spent 14$ for the same movie
best route to go ! They're a piece of cake.
Bout to get these dreads did gotta look presentable for my new job :-)
The only place I've ever felt really lonely is in the delta in the middle of the night.
Funky fresh dressed to impress, ready to party--
done, where r you folks from?
Send them to signup pg they might get waitlisted - No slackers allowed. Maybe U should give them extra credit.
what ya number
Ladies, I can't complain about the "duck face" pictures. I sometimes do the "pre-jizz" face in my pictures... so it's chill.
Oh no. It was just a few mins ago. My fault.
Of course we're thinkin of ya ;-) We're planning visits around your live shows. We'll do it eventually.
I think you mean new lion Sahar. Not Sarah.
am i the only jewish person on twitter? #whatisthis?
Early is better than late!
I saw that report and wanted to retweet, but had 2nd thoughts...
I just washed my own car at the car wash it was awesome!!
Packers love USC. (;
Don't forget to tune into TLC @ 5PM ET/PT today & catch #BoBNow Speaker Kirk Rossberg on "Fabulous Cakes."
147 years ago today #America ended legalized #slavery yet the struggle for #justice and #equality remains. Honor
Good way to spend a Monday night!
Planning to may it out there to you June ...
The idea is to look at the important parts of your life - work, family, personal and imagine what would make this year your best ever.
This is the art of courage to see things as they are and still believe that the victory lies not with those who avoid the bad, b
Dear mom. its a song, not a new life choice. love, your innocent daughter.
hell yea bro nothing like standing in long ass lines waiting to get on 4 rides lmao
Oh noes! Hope you have a good flight back. Great to meet you.
Thanks for the follow
works at JPMorgan. RT Damn. Lost my wallet. My license, credit cards & $2 billion in cash are all gone. That was just sloppy of me.
Shopping then party? I think
Oh, North Korea, no you didn't!
if good looks could kill,you'd be a weapon of mass destruction.
never had bad hair, and no braces, or glasses, so have I hit that stage yet? Lol
Just curious! Do you have a favorite collection from your archives?
i'm sure you are.
When you love someone so much it doesn't matter the bad things he does.
don't be callin my cousin gov out like that hoochie
Words cannot describe just how amazing Allstar Weekend is <3
I wish I wasn't so full so I could get a turtle sundae!
Who in the PDX Tech community do you have the most respect for?
Thank you!
Hey #RIM! You fucking suck. Why don't you just buy all your customers iPhones and call it quits?
My dad is mexican but he doesn't speak much spanish either.
What you think is the top, is only a step. -Seneca
You are welcome, Thanks for following me. I didn't tweet much.
Thank you for the follow! I'm following back and look forward to gaining more insights through your tweets.
I like that!!! RT : Is there a whinejohnwhine site? John White is Ben's secret weapon
Do it! Do it! I have been stuck to my laptop since it started.
we'll do a better job nailing it this time around (got some good props and settings at this TT)
How do you feel about the SAG-AFTRA Merger?
Pervasive games can do amazing things, but only if they’re amazing pervasive games.
He so mad he unfollowed me lls thays how i do. No one wants to here that crybaby shit. Dont run ur mouth for no reason i wont say Nathan 2 u
So....next up ACORN?
Rico Muerte will be playing Free Tulsa! at 7pm July 29th on the Blackwatch Stage! Come out and Support Rico Muerte and Full Circle!
Yayyy :) ill text you soon im with uk who having a bonfire :)
<tap> <tap> Is this thing on?
That did help. Thanks.
TOO FUNNY!
Have a great summer students!
Time for some quality time with my boyfriend... The pool... Who i need to break up with ASAP
Nahh you dont have to beat up anybody for me yet..I'll deff hit u up when i need u tho ;)
Playing guitar at Good Shepard Lutheran in Dundalk this morning - then off to Virginia to pick up Mackinzie
Sunday's #alamw12 Auditorium Speaker is author - starts at 10am in the DCC Theater & John will be singing afterwards
I hate overuse of cliches.
<333 thanks that means a lot!
Super Size Me's on with in ten minutes. Tune in to hear what his new project is about!
Kurt Thomas has the field to choose from. Amnesty names beginning to float around and Brandon Roy is targeted. Who will sign Nene?
perfect. See you then
Happy 4th of July, do not drink and drive!
YT is a huge search engine - you should want to show up there. Native FB/WP/Tumblr video displays are terrible, not easy to share.
it would mean the world to me if you only retweet this :)
thanks for the follow! There are a few proud Hoosier alum and parents on our BOD!
Crazylegs, #badgers Spring Game- lots of fun on 4/28! “: Hope the next few months fly by! Is Spring game pretty fun?”
Systems librarian tips: Always remind them what you've done for them bc they will forget if you don't.
Where are you now?
Nap time .
your boys? hahahahahha
we in the lab today yo
Come stop by and see us at #EXHIBITOR2012, Booth #768!
The laptop sold for just $396! You missed out if you didn't bid on it but we have more deals coming up, check it out: www.dealshow.com
Just a reminder to keep checking back as new rental listings are being added everyday!
#cxo is a total firehose today. Loads a good stuff and even harder than usual to keep up :)
RT () Tweet using hashtag #FessJazztival when you come to one of our shows over next 10 days
Getting things started with &
At carol of lights when testing the mics, a student yelled "MASTERBATE!!!"
That bit*h said Im hot...I said no bit*h I'm blazin...
Crazy! What was the trade?
off to La! Laker game tomorrow! Hit me up LA friends I'm in your hood
Planning a finale party for #TWDFinale. Can't wait!! Just finished Compendium 1 last night. WOW.
Bipolarity- it's the price of liking to read news and facts.
Happy New Year to you as well! May God's richest blessings ALWAYS be yours. Do GREAT things 4 the King in 2011!!
www.houstonpcguru.com/biz if you want to make bucks!!!!
as long as you are the best square you can possibly be ;)
that has always been my problem - next record will sound like Parsons produced by Lanios.
because you ARE a badass!
so do you you not like signing to bad boy?
glad you like! :)
We've got tonight, who needs tomorrow?
Need a new iPhone
HOW DARE YOU SIR. HOW DARE YOU.
Psalm 128:6 May you live to see your children’s children— peace be on Israel.
Perfect on my bracket so far
lost my phone last night.. oh well. had a good one :]]
I love her.
What happened to Leroy from "The Last Dragon."
#thingsthatpissgirlsoff when you go out to eat with them and they think you got the whole bill and you tell them you not paying for them
You made me look, and they're totally PG-21. No worries!
Merry Christmas!
Hello :D
Choosing to fuck #ThatHoeNamedBrittany without a rubber now
can we please get your GSN user name (message it or tweet it to us) so we can credit you 100 Oodles for your retweet?
#Thunder have absolutely no consistency.
BLUE YOU'RE MY BOY!!!!
Hogan set to lead TNA, says it will &#39;focus on wrestling&#39;
I was making fun of me. I touted them in the blog post. :)
Thanks for your feedback, we are always looking to improve and look forward to seeing you back.
A poster actually sounds like a great idea!
Congrats! Can't wait to see you there!
Even our six year-old instinctively cringes at the sound of Scott Walker's voice.
like seriously, i'm still "OH MY GOSH-ING"! Such a good and exceptionally creative ending!
Life can be so good,life can be so hard...whatever comes my way You'll be with me!!!!!!!!!!!! Hallelujah Praise Jesus for that!
Just hit 1500 tweets!
So much drama, in such a little night. Amazing how some people can be so blind and senseless. It's all so unnecessary.
Bitch ur not Cody's angel go sit in the corner !!
Classic RT : I'm in shape. Unfortunately, it’s a circle.
#RealNiggas drive with the seat back and one hand on the wheel
great meeting today (thanks for lunch and the tour of Rashid's show!)
I c u my nig thx u 2 r one of the funniest
I wonder why Brit Hume doesn't think that some of the Dems for #Santorum are blue-collar Reagan Democrats? Many live in Ohio.
ok, mind reader, you stick with your "facts."
Good morning from #sxswi , where a techno-remix of "Cotton-Eyed Joe" is forcing the conference room awake.
Call out the army! You need a brand new war 2 lift your spirits up! (That won't alarm me but do U think we should send troops 2 Panama now?)
Bryce bryan they are all the same thing lol
thanks - glad you're enjoying and team's work!
Haha. And one big time out like you're in kindergarten. Fuckin gay. I guess I'll just skip on my own.
can I pick water?
we going to make a snowman if their is enough snow
it'll be fun! and it's an excuse to get silly in fancy clothes!
when text you and you answer "haha k" "kay" "cool" THAT SHIT ERKS MY NERVE SO BAD
Hey buddy thanks for tracking down that Spotify invite. You're the man!
I'm here for you no matter what, i swear, and i hope you that!!
I love seeing many different things in it, I can definitely see the fighting fish. It's pretty and pretty-smelling!
Find Foreclosures Nationwide Coverage...
Are u a parent and have a kid going to prom? Check out my story tmrw night 11p. I went shopping,the prom styles are shocking!
i can't even focus on my hmwk. i keep coming back to twitter...
Caching easier for non query params as order of params can't be different in the current API. Vs equivalent ?x=1&y=2 or ?y=2&x=1
Happy mothers day to all the beautiful moms out there especially mine.
AMEN! I owe you a big ol' batch of cookies. Better yet, I'm buying you dinner, Amy G!
#fridayreads i am reading The Call by Yannick Murphy again. I am in love with this gem.
did You watch the boyfriend video ? Lol
I am :) you'll see more of me though. Touring will be happening again after my sister's wedding! (Aprilish)
RT : So excited for today's launch of ! Who's going to give bikes a test run and let us know how you like it?
*now following*
oh sure, now I feel like a whiner...
no kidding!
I didn't know you read Weekend Reading! Flattered beyond belief.
2011 Travel Expenses--approx. $2K. 2011 income generated from writing--approx. $200. Mamas, don't let your babies grow up to be poets.
MnDOT East Metro Engineer Adam Josephson says if POTUS signs St. Croix Bridge Bill, construction could begin in 2014 and finish in 3 years.
Fuck this Bitch
that's what I was trying to say.
my ipod still isnt working. #waah :(
REMINDER: If you're anti-abortion and pro-death penalty, you're just being a dick.
Another interview today!
It's 1pm and I'm averaging three beers an hour. I rule at life.
New Keurig has arrived to replace the one we wore out - Coffee is back on at Paragraphs!
Is this bad all of the time or is it mostly the #Penguins broadcasts? They seem especially sloppy during the Pens telecasts.
Happy New Year (2010) everybody.
Had a lot of fun with the "Legalism" instruction today.
Sorry about that! Must have been a glitch. It should be up and running now. Thanks for letting us know! :)
For some odd reason I always thought Bryce Harper was a pitcher...
can we make cash donations and save the trip??????
Book signings and Holiday shopping right around th ecorner
Our focus is to provide... those 21+ with safe, urban, upscale entertainment
I Cant Wait To Get Yatted On Monday!!
Only 39 days now! Glad you're as excited as we are. RT Countdown to #ncore2012 in #nyc....42 days!
Went to the gym, showered and sitting out on a beautiful sunny day all before lunch
"Wait what? That was ours! You stole it!"....and who cares?
thanks for making me laugh on an almost daily basis! :) "screencast the semantic web"
right? but it feels too low tech. :)
Didn't think I could do it, girl. But I sure gave the treadmill a whirl! For 30 min. I walked very fast. Now everyday I'll remain steadfast.
M-M-M-M-M-M-M- #MAYBACHMUSIC!!! Just touched down in Georgia, next stop #NorthCarolina.. We gon be
good & busy
im in this bitch with the #MoneyTeam !!! we got7 lambos outside,we got bitches by the pool.. #AllstarWeekend dont want it lol
No one likes me /:
A real nite owl....Me
Can't get you outta my system
Because all bright star, one day have to leave to shine, thanks for your beautiful voice. RIP Whitney Houston.
That awkward moment when tye tribbett gets mad and starts chasing after you.
Eating dinner at firefly. I would hate to wash dishes at a tapas restaurant. So many dishes! Lol
Raiders or Denver ???
:) RT : Crawfish proliferation is a wonderful thing!!!!!!
i watch it simply because i enjoy the pain
Just reset the password on here! Finally able to tweet again. Haha big things soon.
Couldnt agree more...im the same way.
Great. I'll add folks to the list, which you should be able to follow. It's called "Emory PhDs." (Creative!)
When you wave at someone & they just stare at you like your crazy. -.- I just go..WELL then!
it sucks I know
Happy birthday!!!!
We've picked the Flying House 2012 participants! Stay tuned for more info.
In all your getting get understanding-without FAITH its impossible to please God. We at it again..Glory2Glory!!!!! Thank you Lord Jesus
Interesting. From what I recall of the initial ads when it came out, it seemed more comedic
care they the vocational stds?
Alan Silvestri's score for THE AVENGERS just arrived in the mail from
thats good, let that b a motivation fo yu.
There are a lot of cars in Florida with that color changing paint. I would look awesome with a couple coats of the black to red.
Really could use someone to talk to <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I hate getting a movie from the red box and it sucks :(
Was just accused of "leg bombing". Should I be insulted or flattered?
in my efforts to maintain sanity I 1) pack for an hour each day + 2) try to not let The Move become a 3rd adult in our home.
Apple Mushroom Turkey Burger - Better Fitness Daily - Try this healthy variation of the classic burger made with turkey, onions,...
Okay guys!! Imma do this by band First round: Motionless in white (and tj is not included, he's in get scared)
": I'm not perfect but I sure as hell aint a half ass Mom mmmhmm" Hey props to you. Phrase of the day
im quitting twitter. BUH BYE. love you all<3 ill probably fail. but whatever. byr for noww
Brunch with family/ then a bus back to NYC for Babes at Sea rehearsal. What a wild weekend! Glad to be
Today is starting out to be very shitty
It also comes with a coaching session. Make sure you use it and they will show you alot more that you can do with it.
its good to see your tweets as always. I still keep thinking about that amazing whiskey at your place.
Who wanna take me to eat?.
This block party this year will be a downsized venture, tell your friends from out of town not to come
Shiny blue eyes... What was your name...
YOU'RE SO SEXY! Hot Damn; HAPPY HOLIDAYS LET'S CHEIF A BLIZZY! (;
that was a disaster/success. Some girls like to dress up nice....uh well some of them. Obvs not us. #good times
You guys have jobs?????
Sometimes, the people who are thousands of miles away from you, can makes you feel better and smile more than people right beside you.
Kardashian/Humphries wedding is such a PR stunt. No way that guy scores her in a million years. Nothing against him. Just wouldn't happen.
We have 10 designs right now in our "pre-launch" but will have many more in our grand opening. Sales now help us get there!
if you got problems say it to ma face, we can knuckle up any time any place. - Yung Joc
u just added you on Facebook. I just deactivated it thou. I only reactivated to add you hah
I did not fall asleep family guy simply pawnd my mind
not really..?
Welcome to #TitleTown!!! Sacks and Superbowl Titles in future.
rainy days like 2day remind me of standing on our wooden bridge &having "sticks races" w/ n the rushing creek
Lately everyday has been chill.
So I went to Roosevelt/Canal today, and stayed there for about a couple hours. Saw LOTS of very cool Metra and Amtrak action!
Don't let people's compliments get to your head and don't let their criticism get your heart.
With my pal the great at the tonight at 8 pm! Avengers is sold out, u waited too long, come see us.
Oops, forgot: Italian Beef. BINGO!!!!!
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE!!
RT : hires people into positions that can grow with a small companies structure this is incredible
The shadow proves the sunshine
#prom #prom #prom #prom #prom thats all i see
Talk about your dissertation topic to people who will listen and help you reflect on it. It helps to process ideas out loud like this.
WOOT To all our followers!!!
seeks fan fic
well not that I'm not enjoyin u. But I must get dressed an go eat sumthing. Hav a gr8 nite sexy!
Yeah, a reason to laugh at the VP, but not because he says stupid things. LOL
Money on mind....Tell me whatchu thinkin
Fourth and last AP test.
#ChiCityCouncil voting to approve infrastructure trust right now- will pass.
*slowly raises hand* RT : WHO WANNA BE MY TWITTER HUSBAND ?????????
happy to be part of it
Today's Metro ride: offloaded train, no working arrival board @ MC, and a climb up 80 jillion stairs @ Bethesda. AT PEAK CHARGES. FU, WMATA.
me too! Well, Racine County anyway, I went to Union Grove HS! ~ Allison, Online Media Manager ~ what year did you graduate?
so exciting! Have fun ladies, miss you
Ayers:"DH can lead by building bridges to older things…the traditions of our disciples…we should not use a rhetoric of displacement."
#FOLLOW - looks like fun! :D
I was impressed at how loud it was though! :)
Wag1 Dudes & Dudettes ;) Have A Good Day/Night All xx Remember..Follow Boy's Gonna Go Sky High..Join Him Now =')
Katherine Jenkins and Mark Ballas better not be in the bottom two tonight. They should win #DWTS! Good luck Katherine and Mark!
How much is that stuff though? My health care wants $287 for my trip.
nahh I've watched a few episodes but I don't really like it.
How much?!
#iu fan or not, kilroys is the place to be tonight
so did you get to go flying today?
Bosh's injury is gonna hurt miami
About the contract being agreed to
"salmon fishing in the yemen" is one of our favorite films of the year! See it if you can!
I made it! #SDCConf looking forward to the next couple days!
Bryan-"daddy u gunna have to stop being so mean!" Jo-"I wish I would've been mean to your mother then I wouldn't be sitting here looking ...
CampsAgency a brand new booking agency in NY! New site coming soon w/ additional artists.
Thank you! You're so encouraging!
No pool time with D;
i just barked at the pizza guy
when your LFG for fleet flashpoints you have to stay on the fleet and spam general chat. takes me out of the game.
Thank you for the referral. I'm actually seeking an affordable software package for the PURL creation.
You are sweet...thank you. Great job to you well! #okiegirlsrock!!! : )
girl GOOD LUCK today! I wish I could be there this morning to see you. Now we'll have more time to hang! Holla
what was so different??? lol
No way, the 70's was the worst era in Fashion by far
Have you ever had a hot dog with spicy chili sauce, yellow Virginia relish, chopped thin sweet onion, on a steamed bun? Warning: addictive!
Gonna miss you guys. Off to the Motherland(Dominican Republic), got family things to take care off. Gon' miss New York.
"Sweat is liquid awesome." Yoga is 10x better when Carly Rae, Etta James, and the Beastie Boys are involved.
Tiger's game looks like it may be coming around. You may be right.
Carson Palmer not getting the job done in Cincinnati. Three picks, two returned for TD's. Bengals go down (again) in Pittsburgh.
The reason for Existence is that it acts as a vast mirror of contemplation by which God my behold God. ~Ancient Rabbinical Teaching
Playing "Would You Rather?" with a bunch of degenerates all day.... I love my job.
dude just completely left drew carey hangin after he lost.. Held his han out for a good 4 sexonds and did the #awkward pull away
he rocks a lady hair do rt ": Let #AGT begin.. woooot Howard Stern rocks."
And that pussy soo deep i could of drowned twice...
watching the show made
I'm sure the "you too" was directed at me, at least _I_ read it that way. I'm closing my eyes right now. Sweet d r e a m s
A sincere "thank you!" & hello to my new followers from today! , , , ,
Hungry ass fuck
47 is way too young.
GORGEOUS day for an outside run at lunch!
We are having a major snow storm here in Park City - I heard road is closed from Salt Lake City - careful what you ask for?
Fun Fact: Only 3 countries in the WORLD claim a net export of royalty payments : US, UK, and Sweden. Why Sweden? Abba.
see montreal and paris before boston.
Thanks for the awesome feedback! Hope to see you again soon! “: Had a great lunch today - the cowboy salad (steak) ”
My family reports that we have power! 42 hours, 15 minutes off. Not too bad.
Mr. B
chillin in Jefferson City Mo.
Finally back from Washington. time to ruin my life on my laptop again :D
How u guys like the NEWEST EP of iNickelodeonShow? Anyways thanks 4 the comments,we really appreciate that! 'iCarly' is amazing!!!
Watching Cranford, a quality member of the "English people talking" film genre.
Tornado Breeze in Georgia.... yuk...!
i'm running over to get a Cut Throat of my own. that's practically in my backyard!
Wow.. I see how it is.. Fall asleep and everyone in the house like, forgot about me ! -. - fml.
What I am finding is that clients want what they want and if that means they are going to wait a longer lead time for product then they will
Hiding In Princeton's Fro, Surfing on Prod's Mohawk,Double dutching with Ray's braids and Wearing Roc's Hat <U+2661>
Maybe this is a chance and a sign from what Ive told you before! :D THEN maybe Mr. Bennett will notice my work one day! :D
Ah. Typical Friday the 13th for me..
Heading to Old Chicago Eagan with Sara and Tessa from 7-9 tonight Weds. July 28th. Sampling several Schells brands and Grain Belt Nordeast
G.M.N.I.: In the Old Country, they call me Joaquin Quanito El Tio-Papi de Cafe.
LMFAO men hold yo women... Women hold yah wigs
": You never quite know how idiotic people are until you work in the service industry. #truth" this is so true
Facebook sucks.
I never had a boxing blog. I don't think. But I did ask for one, considering the 6-7 year run the locals had.
lmao ppl b stupid
thanks for taking interest beautiful. It means a lot<3
Iono where my team been but s/o to #hometeam stand up
wtf!!! why aren't you working???
ARPA-ED will work on high risk, high reward projects (like DARPA for military).
Talking heads making a big deal of UK shooting 60%... if they give us that many lay up opportunities again it should be higher this half.
God Save the Queen (Queen).~ <U+2665>
God Bless You MCA.
I swear my life get weirder and weirder everyday..
Yeah that's good advice. I think once life's a bit calmer I will have a go. Itching to get one idea down.
I have been natural for ______________________! (Please fill in the blank)
Dear 'cuse, plz stop raining on all my planned outdoor activities.
If you know you are going to fail, then fail gloriously! - Cate Blanchett
The dance is a poem of which each movement is a word. ~Mata Hari
at the mall with the family which means imma go crazy at Hot topic with buying so much things!
Have yo admit I'm enjoying this cold snap
those fags def video taped that haha
I'm looking for the details about the Open House and activities. Was it today or is it tomorrow?
i love you,you're my inspiration.
#1 - Why in the world are you awake?
SXSW launching in the midst of a torrential downpour. Let the storm begin!
At a sleepover :)
text me <3
ha! RT If you walk down street covered in powdered sugar wiping nose in any other city, you'd get arrested.
haha definitly. i had those bad boys movin this summer working at the Spring. we will be doing that in tampa together
Another question: what happens when bottle tax revenue falls short? City sucks at projecting...
I make you laugh & you make me cry; I believe it's time for me to fly
Exactly he's gonna bring me with him so that's what I plan to do just soak up game imma be a sponge pahahaha
Haven't been feeling like myself for a while...I hate this feeling
So now all those sexual predators online can just say they are DEM and all is forgiven?
I want to sit on his stick but he sleeping
i hate life.
The 2012 Orgeon Wine Awards evaluation is this weekend at Waverley CC
I feel like I've been coasting so far this month. Next month I need to get back on it. Like project new portfolio and blog.
Please come! Maybe we can meet somewhere in between? When are you planning on going?
BRGO =) Shes gonna explode, epic run starting! BRGO $$$BUY ALERT$$$ Expecting announcements Per last PR of new acquisitions and 3Q Fins BRGO
T-minus 17 minutes until the next round of shoots. Silversun Pickups is pretty great prep music btw.
is baklava on sale yet?
I think that's a rape whistle on her hip
#ifwomendidnotexist i would have decided to keep my virginity but women do exist so u know
Can somebody please do the world a favor and give Adele a hug?
While I appreciate the sentiment, I'm getting annoyed by all the people saying "Happy Mother's Day" to me. It's very presumptive & hurtful.
so seeking to ban oral contraception in statewide bans (like they tried to do in VA and MS) is not a #waronwomen?
The lakers vs Clippers;) Let's go lakers and let's go Kobe !!!!!!
Can someone Google+ me? Want to do while on vacation...
RT Saturday night we have a killer show at with & 10pm!! (via )
RT 3 more days & the ORIGINAL HOUSTON FLAMENCO FESTIVAL will b here!!
SHAVE ME . SHAVE ME NOW
": you and me both girlfriend"i want u
Rockwell in Los Feliz. Mwah. Enjoy that bastard detox. Oh how's nancy treating you btw?
Why, thank you!
Outlaw cast consists of ex-dexter cast
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/22/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Looks like we know who he stole this from RT Seperating the colors from the whites. Man doing laundry is so racist.
It likes you back!
R.I.P Dean Mead, hero forever <3
Am I the only one totally loving the Pacemates' playoff jeggings?
Herda: At the end of the day, what the big guys say goes when it comes to policy.
Exciting News! I set a Goal early this year to achieve Queen's court of Personal sales. I am so close! This is special b/c when I achieve i…
Armond White sat in front of me during the "Moonrise Kingdom" screening. I seriously felt honored.
I can resist everything but temptation...
your talk on left over microwave time is seriously a lost episode of Seinfeld.
I can't even cook a frozen pizza!
RT : 2011 will be known as the year when consumerization of the enterprise took place
I wanna Skype! !:D
Stella just sent herself in a tizzy bc she just farted so loud like a human that she thought someone was messing w/ her tail.
damn I shoulda come and kicked it with y'all :)
Friday night, I had a dream about a bug in some software I wrote earlier in the day. Monday morning, turned out be correct. Weird.
Wow, Kobe with the Left hand Booyaa!!! The done Pissed the Mamba off!!!
I love that girl.
In an effort to combat the bullying epidemic in our country, Adventure Theatre held a Middle School 10 Minute Anti-bullying playwrighting c…
Nice to know I'm not the only human in the world with a Gomez Ranger jersey
RE: Toys in libs. I wrote about the historical timeline as well as social/economic conditions that made toys in libs possible.
Of course, this lil tidbit is to make up for devouring my body weight in chocolate since lent ended. On Sunday ;)
Good afternoon everyone.
in your ass
State passed supplemental spending with 350K for Boston Public Library ... it would appear the branches are saved for all of FY 2011!
Somebody should come over.
i seriously need a trip to soon. i think that may actually take priority over my trip to vegas.
If you need a shoulder to cry on, pull off to the side of the road!
3 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five!. Go Jollymen !!
"Bryzgalov has been huge for the Flyers this year" -said no one ever
Follow back?(:
an open mind is like a sponge:)
looking forward to the coverage of with playing at the house of blues boston this friday!
I like having a front camera on my phone :)
It's pretty awesome. And even better now that it links with Fitbit!
story of my life last year <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
SO ANNOYED
Eurotrip is one of the funniest movies ever lmao
Exactly! My role might require me to know what is going on with a group that I don't necessarily "like".
hahah, thanks! I'm just so glad grad school is over :-)
that's too bad...have you seen their home videos before kids? Kate looks so happy...and calm!
I'm jealous, I can't wait for the reviews!
How was your camshows and your day, Anita?
Smell my finger!
Your prospects and customers EXPECT you to have a #SocialMedia strategy in place. It's where they talk, and you listen. #WSSMiami,
"I'm up, and it's 2:49 in Texas!! #cantsleept"
moral of the weekend: buzzing your head by yourself is much harder than you would think
Hey Madison :) You know what would be pretty amazing and probably make my life? If you followed me :)
While smoke detectors are more sensitive to detecting smoke, heat detectors are more sensitive to temperature.
Delegations have begun: Lucille Shoop tells the Board that they are not giving up. She highlights the importance of FLES teachers.
A good promo by Jericho, but there's no need to bring up Punk's past for this feud.
Pinehurst! Get your tix for the Pinehurst Wine Walk at our store! The Wine Walk is this Saturday to bnefit Food Bank of Central & Eastern NC
nothing beats off-brand cornnuts!
Out to play ball. <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
Come out to Cities tonight for Fight for Children's NexGen networking happy hour!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KRIST!! :)
Feels like Mexico right now! Settling for 2 fish tacos and a Jamaica instead;-)
facts about you.. (:
huh? Lol anyways he's gay.
Music music music..the medicine of the future.keep it positive good things happen trust me it works for me. To wake up its a blessing..
I replied.
Shana Tova to you too. Thanks for your kind words. Likewise :)
Bullshit! That's a fumble.
Finishing a book is just like you took a child out in the back yard and shot it. Truman Capote
**Cell News** Verizon to dump UNLIMITED plans for EXISTING 3G cusomters who have to switch to 4G this summer.. bastards..
YES!!! RT : RT : Great chance to begin day #4 of Voting! / just voted, can I get a sticker that says "I Voted"?
Yes it is pronounced "Keeeeeeeenwah"
Patterson: a strength (talent) is repeatable, predictable, and demonstrable
Everybody keeps saying "happy birthday old man". The "happy birthday" I like. The "old man" part, not so much lol. Thank y'all
Yeah, biding time till iPhone 5 I think. DX2 is nigh unusable.
The best love you can make is the love to your food because it's all internal.
We all know that equals 6.
There are so many incredible websites, shesaidpics is your avenue to open the door for a quick view and then go to the next one...
It got worse
iPhone internet tethering might be the most valuable discovery on the tour this summer..and how many towels can fit in the washer at once..
Interested in teaching English at home or abroad? Want to develop professional skills and get valuable work experience?
Thanks for coming to my talk. Glad you liked it!
Ivy (12 yrs), imitating #FoxNews: "America ... seems to have turned into ... *potatoes*. The other countries are eating us!"
Any cinco de mayo festivities we should know about??
Im havin a pretty good day lolz its pretty outside
So many commercials...my mind is on overload
Yea I know. Business first.. well hopefully Boston beats Philly cause my Bulls got screwed
The sages do not consider that making no mistakes is a blessing. They believe, rather, that the great virtue of man lies in his ability to …
Just got back form a great business meeting with gay or gay friendly business with LBCBN in Long Beach. Great meeting with fun peeps.
Thanks so much for the RT! It's really cool how the community comes together to help.
Note: #burlesque shows are fun for an hour to and hour and a half, and then its slow, repetitive and you remember there are
MInd-blowingly fascinating to understand how much the goes into the online marketing and outreach efforts around campaigns.
Spend it
you dont even know studying.....
I'm so hungry. Feed me
Biscotti and Confetti Almonds
Shit thats messed up i would have took that day off but fuck it the man has to make that bread right! Im sure you will fig it out
good. I hope he recovers in time for preseason...we need him
I spy, with my little eye, Lynn Hickey sitting courtside at the
Pretending to be happy doesn't work.
:-( May he recover quickly
that would be like trying to finish war and peace!
It was so not a good start! Well hopefully we made you laugh!
just had 3 #DoritosLocosTacos gotta say pretty awesome!!
RT : Working on a story for Trying to think spring but I'm absolutely freezing right now.
cool!! I want to try Google a day! (just googled it) :-)
What can I say, they're a staple. :)
Sounds great! Hope all your #melus12 sessions were good!
I've been caught running my hand on printed shirts at the mall. It's awkward, but I have to do it! I'm sure all of you do the same. :)
New Orleans, where have I been all your life?
The poor account has one tweet from 2009 about Snow Leopard. Will there be a 2011 tweet about Lion?
busy busy busy:(
#bbrealestate LeFrak San Jose/Silicon Valley the third best #CRE market in US because of tech.
RT It's Almost That Time , Graduation Is Getting Close !
NO LIE!!! "I think women are beautiful. But there's no substitute for a big hard cock."
my liffeeee. Waste of gas.
Mention me AnyOne !! (;
Michelle O. : The fundamental promise that things will be better with the next generation is at stake in this election.
Hot off the press...Global release of new album "Bullet For A Rose" by "Chasing Disaster" is now available on itunes
I hope there's nothing due tomorrow .. Because I'm not doing shit tonight but catching up on some much needed sleep <33 so done with school
"If happy ever afters did exist."
“A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes.” ~Hugh Downs
Thanks, YJ! You're the best. I can send you any other info you need if it helps. Plugin's great, BTW
A smile is a light in the window of the soul indicating that the heart is at home.
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW THAT I SENT YU!!
Great Scott!
- Belated Valentine's greeting! I haven't been on Twitter for awhile, so this comes a bit late.
Ladies tights are not pants, if I wore sliders people would not like that so please stop wearing just tights.
When two friends you're straight with, hate each other <
We can correct the world :)
Congrats!! Ride next weekend? Headlands loop initiation. Best downhill ever.
forget about the papers. Music is more important lol
getting to facetime is such a tease...
I could call and imitate her voice.
SAME DAY DELIVERY SOLUTION FOR ALL YOUR COURIER NEEDS!! www.lonestardeliveryonline.com 877-527-5737
used to strip for a nigga now got nothing but lip for a nigga..
-My Momma Swear Up N Down She Can Sing..!
ya know what? Think i will as well, while I wait for servers to be fixed. At least listen while I lay in the sun :D
Not that I remember seeing. I was just wondering about parking... You hear any advice there?
So the Bucks... yeah...
Yay!!! I on the cover of Natural Awakenings, Sep 2011 issue!!
hahaha, life coach! I almost forgot bout that...almost
OMG, the torture continues.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs this game should be a statement game for Eli manning with all the criticism
"Caffeine," the word that never requires an exclamation point--
these "pass it on" commercials during the tigers game are ridiculously annoying.
@ online fundraising seminar
**Thanks so much for coming!!**
The fact that anyone would refer to me as their "mentor" warms my heart
What The Bride Says
LOL! Very cute shirt :)
Still heartbroken
Our team at has been working OT on So appreciative of the support of #AnacostiaDC rez + biz!
A bit of sharpening with spiritual leadership brothers this AM. Should be nice. Like having a long cool drink of water on a hot day.
the food service is terrible here. No salad options during the game and out of a lot of food at the few places open.
I'm sorry I changed, you miss the guy you met 5 months agi
I'm on a mssion! Wine, shopping, and more wine that will help!! see you in the lobby 530 don't be late! =)
The skirt is the second oldest women's garment in history.
Let's take a moment and pray for the people that still use flip phones.
Anyone else going to the Couples Conference in San Mateo in April? Let me know!!
My prayers go out to #Junior Seau's mom & family...God bless her--her words were heartbreaking...
Outside presence of the jury, prosecutors trying to introduce six short videos chronicling Ava's recovery. Defense objects. Repetitive.
Working on some location notes before working on product placement deals for 2 web series
Happy Mothers Day, all you mamas!
u gotta sleep
RT “ Chilli should have stuck it out with Usher”
Thanks for following us !!
Throwing out a Happy Day to all my #smgirlfriends!
Nice going, Medco, shipping out a med on Thursday the 12th that takes 2 to 5 business days and that I needed to take on Sunday the 15th.
Curb appeal great? Then dont let the front door be a turn-off. Make the door bell ring, clean the cob webs, and say WELCOME HOME to buyers.
When one must, one can
I bet that you good on the dance floor(8) <3.
Thanks AARP...we love being a part of your family! The Grannies on Safari
>>>MLM News! Paparazzi Accessories( New Company Listing )
Dare to be truthful or live a life full of fear....
The circus is about to start in #DEN #Broncos. I need a ticket...
I live in Manhattan. I cheer for the Mets, Devils, and Bills. Stick to music.
i know right!
racist! “: Paddy wagon! Paddy wagon! Paddy wagon! Paddy wagon! Now sue my half-Irish ass. ”
Thanks! I think my head has been removed from my ass, but my back is trying to act like memory foam and reinsert it!
like I had a mental break down + I have to stay with my brother this weekend
add me please
Who's in New Paltz?? Full moon rock n roll party tonight.
They're going to love my 15/8 latin reharm version of "Sleepy Time Down South."
Updated fantasy rankings from the Yahoo! experts Evans and Funston as well as Tony Holm from FantasySharks.com
trampy tuesdays works for me, but no tramp stamps.
#CHEAA JUST LET US KNO WHN U TOUCHDOWN RT : I'm gone be in the M this weekend!
U.S. economy gained 243,000 jobs in Jan. The unemployment rate dropped to 8.3%!
Poised Creation uses several different models of success theory when consulting artists!
God bless. Thanks!
it's so god
Pizza delivery, whiskey, Jersey Shore marathon.
what?!! Seriously??
wow that does sound good:) i`d love 2 c it but i`ll prob have 2 ask my mom 2 go with me if its rated R
better off dead, you're better off dead, a smile on the lips and a hole in the head. better off dead.
your the best
I hate u :p
Optimism: A cheerful frame of mind that enables a tea kettle to sing though hot water is up in its nose.
Great to hear :) Another friend + former softie just joined HTC, moving to Taiwan. Fun times!
:-) we are human, that's our major problem!
Agree: Schools should ensure our kids have the skills they need to succeed.
all the best on #2012! love you always <3
't u cook?
Just saw an ad that said "how to get your ex back." Somehow it translated in my brain as "how to run into traffic with scissors."
chilln, how was your day
music will forever run my life....
thanks for the mention!
Ahh so exciting!!! Congrats! =)
FILMING ALERT - "House of Cards" starring Kevin Spacey & Robin Wright this afternoon at The Baltimore Museum of Art
M! Nice recipes! We'd like to have dinner with you sometime soon!
Still can't believe the #Hawks gave Joe Johnson a max contract in summer of 2010. Poor investment.
no problem dude! Nice work on your facebook.
How could I forget guy has my name lol
It's too nice to sit in the office, so I'm on the deck with the MacBook. And a beer. I wonder how much work will actually get done.
will baby sit she luv the kids. Lmao
i sent you a friend request
I'm not a player i just get bored easy,so dont mind my twitter name ;P
So, H nearly commits murder with a sledgehammer and that is still PG?
Need an Australian Visa? I got mine from www.easyeta.com
Does a complete list of what data Google mines exist?
you must be bored. Lol
It's OJ day? Why are we celebrating a low-speed chase in a Bronco?
Someone update me on what Eleanor is doing, - why are people wishing her good luck ? :) not that you can't everyday <3 what's the occasion?
just join my two groups on FB and post away.
happy birthday love!
#NP Outstanding- The Gap Band > this is my shit lol
where you sitting?
ok.. crazy question... know a couple of people who always send short, entirely single spaced emails- they share some traits... a sign?
java java java not the coffee kind
meeting has been rescheduled. Will reach you with new date soon.
“: i feel Chicago´s pain with the injured MVP” hurting
What a beautiful day!!!!
hahaha WINE NIGHT
Social media is A LOT of work, but I love it! Getting ready to launch a new Facebook page and website!
MB'S NUMBER ONE :D! Come on #TeamMindless we need to keep it that way :)!
saw that yesterday. Wife is from Beantown, so she definitely runs on Dunkin. We may have to visit.
What shimmy johns ?!?
Good CoD content, keep it going man!
Makes me feel great! Thank you.
I want a Tootsie Pop
Acting class tomorrow. I am next "I love Lucy".
Bost: Politican votes for next election, statesmen for next generation. These next few wks should be voting for next generation.
uh oh! That sounds like it will be annoying. But maybe you'll be a #bridesmaid :)
Glad you liked the Santorum vid! Thanks for sharing Sam! RT haha oh god!
Ben faded way to long I'm floating in n outta consciousness
I read that as coincidence. It could be expected. It could be a setup for dramatic irony, however.
Don't run for the hills just yet, Facebook might not be ruining Instagram!
Remember take a picture with you swimming with the manatee's :)
:D hi
Thanks for the mention!
So dude found an alien wounded in a crashed spaceship and quickly rushes to aid it Hello its a f*ckin alien!
hey! Got your email and the answer is yes and I'll get back to you ASAP...
RT : i love that Newt used "Moby Dick Airways."
Happy Georgetown Day! Hoya Saxa and Georgetown Forever!
Scraps is her name:) your cat sings?!
": #LOL at the 7th grade boys at crocker wearing abercrombie kids shirts. #iCanSeeYourNipples"
Excessive acid buildup in our bodies impairs optimal energy production, so fatigue sets in. Be Alkaline!
"The people will save the government if the government will do its part only indifferently well." Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, & Speeches
nigga please carolina bout to thrash
RT | RT : "If u know u have an aud in a city, much better to DIY-rent the theater and sell the tix"
Never been more nervous about a Bucks game.
Freemasons as carriers of Habermas' public sphere in early America at
Every day start your day with 2 cups water. Then everything else will follow...literally!
RT ": I just found out the other half of Dick Clark died.”
Chicago probably had more chops.
It's Theater Night at , sponsored by ! Join us at for #karaoke!
can't coach height
Just thinking about how many times you screwed me over!
Who wants to be on the FOX40 news tonight?
do! :) Your one great guy from what I see and I know God will use you for some amazing things! :)
this is my very first 5k!
15 minutes to vote electronically? What, are they voting with their feet?
thanks have a great day!
Congrats on the big move! Very excited about your "leap of faith" with Epic Parent! One of the BEST blogs around!
you know it
Always an interesting cast of characters late night at quik trip
I am now. I crossed over. :) Wednesday? Did we make plans for this week? I am burnt and can't remember anything.
yeah ur never at home I didn't even know you lived there anymore lol I just got home though. Your mother know where ur at? Lol
Oh good, it's raining even harder.
Do you ever feel as if The Authorities are doing their damnedest to scare us all to death?
Look out for Tebow next year-- he'll have the entire off season to PRAY!!!
Thorsten Kolbinger, Ungerboeck: Cloud computing has a silver lining with increased efficiencies.
Thinking of getting hotel sushi (because I'm all lame like that). Anyone else interested?
Awesome! So glad to hear it :)
Give a Boy a Gun by Todd Strasser
lmao thanks (: even though you never talk to me!
She then informed me she was scared of aliens, but not dragons.
You should hit up Markus--that's where he lives now!
lovely to see your in the Rio stand today Rusty. Loughton 1 - 0 LA ;)
If I have a septic tank and pour beer down the drain, do the little critters in the tank get a buzz?
yeah I went swimming and laid out today it felt so good :) I needed that... I need a skylight in the studio :)
Grading creative comp art-meets-writing projects.
Need something special to happen. Its 75-65 with a min left
judge? No. Applaud? Absolutely
Here's the problem: "making" customers love a brand. It should always be a choice, not forced advertising
I hate when ppl spell my name wrong .... Smdh
The real money site is a mess u need to step in
i will
How did you pick your twitter name?
therein lies the challenge
What happened to Mandy Moore??
Shut up, you make me wanna cry!
I feel like nobody is going to be there when I get there. I have talked in an empty room before. No worries.
I just feel so lost
w/e you say :S
I would do that in a heartbeat
Hey LAY-dee!! The length of your skirt should not be inversely proportionate to your age.
i wish i would've taken a picture with yesterday :|
I am open to date any race however if you are skinnier than me well I just can't
no habs no!
I was about to grab a doughnut for breakfast, but my mom said that was too much sugar for breakfast, so she gave me reese puffs instead.
You are ahead of me. What are you making?
Thanks so much for the RT!!!
I wish. No Texas dates. :(
In 20 years people the beastie boys will still be talked about. Will progressive house still be relevant?
nothing on tv tonight, any help here
Concerts to cover in upcoming months: Warped, All Stars, Scream Like You Mean it, Dead Kids tour, Craig Owens solo, Slaughter, & Mayhem :3
I already am following and love her tweets!
I was joking :'( lmao
By making the decision to lose weight on the HCG Diet, you are also making the decision to get healthy.
“Life is no game. There are no cheat chodes. If you mess up, you can’t press the restart button.”
Asking a Directioner who's your favorite member in 1D, is like asking Niall what's his favorite food.
^_^ what country did you just come from?? RT yep I'm back
So, can we finish what we started? Don't you leave me broken-hearted tonight..
I miss jersey shore.
We assembly furniture " On Site " at your home or office. 24 hrs turn around on all job assignment
What’s a Black Magic Cupcake? We’re not telling, but suggest you pick up a dozen this Saturday and bewitch your dinner guests.
F, around 6
I'm not a bad driver, I just like giving the gift of near-death experiences.
de champagne?
TY for her tweet handle!
Can't make any promised on the "Behaved", but will definitely be there to see you :)
Agree I really really liked
MARCH 3RD IT'S GOING DOWN VS THE VIRGINIA STORM 7PM CAPITAL CITY COWBOYS LETS GO
fortune of course! had dinner at TooJays so it was amazing! :)
My room is a mess <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Facing Cyber Bullies Head On Hiding behind a computer screen is an easy way to attack and offend people without having to be accountable.
Re-broadcasting my Panda project in a low-density, tweet-per-day form via another account, <U+30FE>(·<U+3268>·)/
If you don't have Sirius, you missed the best live performance ever on radio. Every time I hear it, I could weep
Been heated for the past couple days...therefore I'll go record some heat
The things I want to know are in books; my best friend is the man who'll get me a book I ain't read - Abraham Lincoln.
Haha oh no. That literally does not surprise me at all.
; that's her instagram name foo
Correct! Do you live in the Montgomery area?
I'm gone! We were told to bail early...so I did :) It was good to see you though!! Coming back soon?
The #lakeshow has won 7 straight #game7 at staples. I hope okc did not get to much rest.
likewise! drop a line anytime you're in the neighborhood if you're looking for beer/company :)
I may not know you, kid who has the same shirt as me, but you're a faggot.
hm so I play #SaturdayMusic and I lose followers...really ??? I think my music is damn fine...
Come to my city bro! Come on Omaha! #I'dDoAnything
kinda shocked you know what that is.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Come to our Info Session this Thursday, March 8th at the Orleans Branch Library to learn about the work we do for the children of Baltimore!
we love kombucha!!! do you distribute fizzy deliciousness in SF?
Followed(: Follow Back? (: xx
Oh ha ic well that's awesome!!!!
Merry Monday, Mardy. You're looking in rare form.
I am at the Transformation Team meeting in East Baltimore. Working hard to curb violence through addressing the causes.
How is hiring in Michigan? We are recruiting like mad here in Minnesota and Wisconsin. Lots of jobs!
so cool. love it
I guess imma just retweet b Carroll entire time line today...I hope she don't mind tho..*kanye shrug*
good sign indeed!
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem.
we're glad you like it here! :) We hope you have a wonderful stay at !
Just makin pudding! My arms about to fall off here!
The Mac and cheese stand is closed. I'm about to go HAM on Dan Mason.
The referees retaliate on for Kobe, not the Lakers
Wolfgang has the flu, i've gone through so much hand soap, don't want to get it. - actually considering drinking the soap.
: I hope so. Keep me posted
should be//“: Remember, Okla St. was 5th in Harris & Coaches' Polls. But V Tech lost. And Stanford didn't play. enough?"
It's important to find a studio that fits you.We encourage artists to shop around before choosing.Come visit and c if it fits u
I think a 6 month retreat might be called a winning lottery ticket. Good luck though.
We hope everyone had a Happy Halloween! What did you guys dress up as?!
yeah I get it you miss me, I'll be home soon! Ps that painting guy called me. I told him what you REALLY thought of his company
thanks u , you're awesome
hope your recovery is going smoothly
Mother's Day! [gulp]
Just found out that is having a conference in May in Orlando. How sweet that I can be there via simulcast in my home!
Come visit the VAC at the fine arts internship fair in the DFA!
Larry pls tell me that "21 Jump Street" is NOT 1 of the films U can hardly contain your excitement 4 heh heh
Hopefully Shane be more of a bullheaded badass like Rick last week #walkingdead & pumped for the return of Kenny Powers tonight
ABC5 is looking to intv parents concerned abt a new MTV show, Skins, if you want to talk, DM me!!
your so right about montero
Yes, the slow process is costing the #US #Economy 10's of #Millions of $DOLLARS$!
Cierra and I were running around and screaming and yeah...
Learning about the T.W.E.E.T. framework
I'm in The Buckeye nation if you have time to meet with me
I mean how do you as a fan continue to buy tix if mgmt trades away all good players to save $$$
did you see it?!
I love it, too! And it's all new to me. This is only my 2nd time here.
So... hot out. Melting... slowly... Help.
I have friend coming out to DC in two weeks and is looking for food suggestions. I thought you might know?
Being single doesn<U+FFFD>t mean no one wants you. It means you<U+FFFD>re taking your time deciding about your life and who you want to spend it with.
I guess the big wigs don't need 2 pay idea people anymore since they can just look at certain Twitters.
Feed Me is murdering it. Nuff said.
has legendary hair.
do you want to help children and young adolescent. yes there are many families that need support . HELP in finding a cure for brain cancer.
I would rather die on my feet than live on my knees.
espresso book machine 2.0 - POD/POD, hm...
#TheSaddestPart about leaving my dad's house is the look on my little sister's face.
Paid $2.93 for gas at Sam's Club in Eastwood Towne Center. $2.98 for non-members.
Thanks Charlie!
I was just thinking the same thing.
Stupid funny drunk people are the best haha
I wonder if we can get away with playing Beastie Boys at tonight's openings. Survey says???
Lawrence the homeless artist & 1st graduate of Homeless Coach is seeking buyers for his art at Imagine Art, Austin to help pay for shelter.
ah! Mama Akil is a priority!
Can it be Friday yet?
yes, yes it's all about balance... I especially <U+2764> chocolate martinis
Thx for the love, hope you enjoyed it! RT Waiting for delicious ! Best BBQ in SD right down the street from my place<3
right? All I need is a good fixie! (and probably some tighter jeans)
super salty! I had to walk home and it's really humid! :/ lol yours? :)
FOLLOW THIS GUY he's awesome!
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers that actually take care of their kids
HA! We'd love to add him to the group, but I hear he's afraid of his own shadow. :)
FRIDAY NIGHT AND NOT A DAMN THING TO DO
“: Would you rather play 18 holes at Augusta with JACK or TIGER?” JACK
“ Hell yeah I gotta get a shirt ”
Heading to the que probate with my line sisters!
I really want a cigarette today. But I won't. Because I'm cool like that.
what's your favorite coffee local to Portland or Hood River?
Well wishes to my opposition You niggas probably cop a plea before you cop a pistol
Crazy snow outside, snow ball fight lol!
TRAFFIC update: WB Belt @ Gammon Rd. Semi rollover, blocking the left lane, slowing traffic in both directions
To all the ladies in the place with style and grace.
When your big dreams turn to dust, it's time to find the vacuum. Until later xoxo
I need to go give Kobe his medicine... He sick without me
yea looks like hawkgirl gonna be the ww of jsa the atom gonna be superman
Are your legs tired? Because you've been chained to that treadmill for sixteen hours.
“A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.”
i wish the bust of Nikola Tesla in my office was also a Tesla Coil.
#thingsthatgetmeupset rappers with no conscious, which is probably about 98% of them...#whoareuREALLYworkingfor hm
my understanding is they embed entire source audio and not just preset handles.
Four weeks left at the DCPL. So strange to be leaving here; it's more home than home has been, more constant. I'll miss it.
Youtube maybe. Video games definitely not - why cast out a legitimate form of storytelling?
I ate so much food!
Love how Twitter has basically blown up the #NFLhonors show - we know who won - but of course I'm kinda watchin (nice remarks from Drew B)!
Kris just saw your e-mail the hospital was busy today but will reply as soon as I get home. Thanks
"not a doctor" BEST! RT : i love when people i've never heard of put their "fan mail" address as their twitter bio.
lol i gotta tell you something when I get to work
I'll make you sweat ;)
I think I should make an NYU Trolley account.
I am truly happy 4 the Lady Rams.. 4 doing yall thang n winning states
Haha, the bargain bin. You look great BTW!
no problem!!! Just babysitting, what about you!?
yea man not crazy long but still long as fuck
I'm pretty sure the only Jeopardy I'd be good at is Fifth Grade Jeopardy.
Nope. Look it up. December 23,1972. Franco Harris was a rookie
Mass Effect 3 - quotTake Earth Backquot Trailer Full-Length - games online
Seeing basketball tweets on my timeline and not knowing what they're talking about <<<<<
My take on the dow is the smart money is afraid of the Greek elections sunday ...they are the referendum on this austerity
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I would love to wake up next to you everyday. That's all I really wanna do
A logical discussion shouldn't involve name-calling and lies
I was about to start freaking out, then got distracted...
99% of people aren't following me. Please follow me and
RT : Collectively, only the Secret Service has had a worse week than the Red Sox
It gets hot outside and everyone starts wylin for respect
I use to think Steve-O was the finest white boy until i seen him put pliers on his dick lmao
The Malkin hit on Grossman was almost an exact replica; but for the injury to Grossman. No response from the League.
You should go into the trainers room...pretty sure Mauer is still there!
I need to create a gala. This mothas have MONEY!
wish I was
Taxil Technologies is hiring independent sales professionals. Please send your resume and cover letter to .
yo, I need it.
I'm here. We'll win. Don't worry!
what a little tweeter!
you think? How would u style it?
that's a highlight reel for Aldridge for Allstar!
Feds give locally made flying car green light. Got 250-grand and a sport pilot license, you too can beat the commute. 5:30 on
yeah that was surprising too. idk what went on last night with that one.
I don't understand how it's already Monday
dang, just opened a fresh thing of Kyvan for the draft. Nothing like it! #waytoogood! Hittin it hard tomorrow
I'd say so. I'm always up for a little lottery winnings
A hundred muthafuckas cant tell me NOTHING.
These helicopters been goin crazy all night
My motto: don't invest permanent feelings in temporary people.
#Spurs need to stop the turnovers - we're hemorrhaging points
Condolences to the family of
Ball fresher than a mother f****n' peppermint!!
clicked, but I don't want a shoutout!
lmfao thats the worst part man
#AskDerulo when will the neck brace be off
Go listen to Sharon Van Etten's live performance for WNYC's Souncheck, your going to want to know about her
what's with the angry tweets
Very, very cool! What styles of music do you play?
Wonderful Epic Fail presentations at #mw2012 Thanks to all for courage, insight and humility!
BTW, the Ms. Pac Man machine is in the basement of our Alberta St. Teahouse!
says troops posing w/dead #Taliban is reprehensible. No, what's reprehen is US Pres bowing to #Saudi King. RT
make it happen and when do you guys and go back? when do you get back?
I dont need nobody that doesnt need me !
when mofos hate on you, dat means your doing something right!
": Front Range winds just shy of 100 mph! #9NEWS" No raking leaves for me!
: #notfornothin but the presser should be concerning Fred Jackson's new haircut.
The hockey guys on glee look like complete tools with their mullets
ShockerNet is back online right now. If you're receiving the suspended error, go into your web browser's settings and clear the cache.
Social Cause Hackathon Partners: :)
i just finished watching the finale on the website... those script writers better not get kalinda killed!!
I think you're afraid of being alone.
Passion breeds success... have you found yours?
Writing scripts for crawling and parsing data from websites or their API, collecting data into MySQL databases, & simple data viz
haha ya I know. Lol I don't think twitter likes me right now(:
Now honoring the TLI 2012 Graduating Class at -- Kudos to all on your achievement!
Thank you for helping us expand our pet food distribution to include our City Heights seniors. cc
#CastingCall National TV Show looking for somebody who went thru PGD for a GIRL
Going to bed! Got burn 900 in the morning.
People can be inconsiderate. If you need help cutting this guy, let me know.
Looking forward to it!
": One of Romney's sons is the father of newborn twins! ....that was close. Looks like you're off the hook
Since you asked so nicely....Fu-fu-followed!
How that feel when your main squeeze is somebody else's baby momma? I don't know...shit will always hurt tho...I CAN'T imagine tho...
plus, i farted
dang. What you doing about it?
thanks Richard!
I've Worked Those Long Nights.. Long Nights TO Get A Pay Day
accidently unfollowed. just noticed. followed again. sorry.
Great job by the #brewers today. Robbed one of the better all-around catchers in the bigs. Now time to rob Axford.
I did a little name drop at Anthro last night and they hooked it up with a slip. Love you.
How about ditching them all and creating some good shows for a change?
The song "Blue Jeans"? Just watched the video and she just sounds like a spoiled rich girl trying to be deep. But not like BAD.
RT : Who remember Dana Barros? (played with Boston)
There's something truly wonderful about cooking with ingredients we grew in our garden.
Keep away from small people who try to belittle your ambitions. The really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
Went out and picked up Joss Stone's discography to see she's worth robbing and killing... I just remembered my childhood and missed my mom.
I fuck the finest hoes ever
A good nights sleep before my first day of class. Can't wait for this term. Easy classes means more time to cook. Yay cooking!!
thank you <U+2764><U+2764> there so much easier then glasses
Ah Fedde Le Grand is so fine (; Lol
How can I find the mascara noir fatal? I know it is discontinued but love it was hoping I might be able to find it somewhere.
alright :D
Oh, Gay's just wanna have fun!
Really hope you're right. They only got 8%, but as you know, #Greece's govt is crazed now. (Nice job referencing Oxi Day!)
MT : Haven't come up with a Halloween costume yet? Go to our fbook page for some ideas of interesting women you can dress as!
happy birthday in advance!
and as far as the location goes, that came from Aaron Rodgers.
How can I have the desire to do good and evil?
Happy birthday!
CONGRATS LOVE YOU!!!!!!<333333
are you saying it didn't happen? Under #SOPA or #NDAA it -could- happen this way. No question.
Old money Stingy! New money not fuckn with me! Future money gone be CRAZY-e!
on joining Katten: Firm also has a demonstrated commitment to giving back to the community, which is important to me.”
Just got back for DC
i love u
One more thing to check off the bucketlist: See a Siamese twin. That one took me by surprise.
This particular tweet makes me guilty.
In special summer choir at age 16. Did Schoenberg's De Profundis. All hated it until day of performance. Then we were all in love with it.
Thanks for the follow! We'll be dropping some free shit in 20 minutes. Stay tuned!
Apt. 1207 loves Angus! And misses you.
How's everyone's week going so far? I got jury duty! But haven't been called to report yet. Phew! :)
Proof that mock drafts are meaningless. Get a life.
Does having a twitter make me a twat? Some questions will never be answered.
Sven Bartschi....is really good at hockey. What a great goal. He is the best player on the ice at the Rose Garden. 1-0
This Game Is Over
while your making all the same mistakes
On behalf of thousands of DC residents, I thank you!
sounds pretty interesting. I just saw a NY times article about it
thats great im glad youre having fun :-)
You're free rolling now, so super aggro it up.
Tired of your look? Need something new ? Let #capellidoronyc give you a complementary consultation
hey im up to the challenge. Lets just hope we dnt need extra innings this time
Thanks Bobbi for the kind comment
“: That awkward moment when you try to take part in a conversation, but nobody hears you.” my life story...
why did you have it ?
the comments are priceless!
Hey Lubbock friends where is the new panda express?
Now I'm really intrigued about the Chicago anthem. This tweet is for
Got some packing and cleaning to do RT : what u have going for the weekend?
devil's in the details: & Amy Jones will discuss little HR slips that cause big problems at 's
Can't believe I only have 18 days left of school #SadTimes :(
my bad bro thought i was following u, haha thanks for the shotout
Let me know how it is... really wanted to go, but couldn't.
Check out Coa's Pineapple Chicken Torta! Grilled chix, topped with fresh pineapple, Mexican slaw, red onion, and our Coa mayo.
Thanks JB...really appreciate the endorsement!
Bruins TONIGHT! 7:30pm! Go Black & Gold! #RoadtoRepeat Watch the game with us!
Stay tuned! RT : Going into the studio with to record some drums tracks for the new songs. Stoked!
Should I watch Canadian SportsCenter where center is spelled wrong? Centre
I sure will!! Thank u...he'll appreciate that one!! :-)
Missing woman's family says she would never just take off w/o telling family. Michelle Le has been missing since Friday, in the Bay Area.
Blushing...thank you so MUCH!!!!!!!! Xo": congrats on your nomination. Powerful, flawless woman!! :-)"
If I wanted you to know I would of Told you..
Dreaming about the food I ate in Malta. Braised rabbit, lil funny tomatillo-like sweet berry thingies, prickly pear that we picked by ocean
Basically send out two messages a week for a month and earn a free shirt. Each month, eight messages = one free shirt.
I hate places where they have weird hieroglyphs instead of clear signs and I realize I have a 50/50 chance of getting it right
Love you work on Pan Am. Go Colette!
Looks like I'll be starting off March Madness a perfect 6 for 6 this year. Assuming Syracuse wins. Anyone else?
Lol k don't even remember the last time I got a text
EXCUSE ME. I AM 72 YEARS YOUNG.
Thanks for the RT!
Contemporary efforts at decoding the Maya glyphs fail because scholars filter them through classical linguistic studies.
hoping to win your giveaway for this weekend!
hii Nick M I'm txting cousin right now :)
I love how when I can be seriously pist off at my boyfriend and just one smile in that instant I can forget I was even mad <3
We slid through 1100 LIKES! YAY! Thanks everyone and hello to all of our new family!
so happy to be part of #latism11 check out what we are up to today www.latism.org
O'Neill is one of the very best defensive coaches in the game. Can't wait2c him w/a full roster of his own players.
Oct. 20th - Wei of Chocolate tasting event! 10% discount after presentation. Please call to reserve space - seating is limited. 480.686.8503
PS. Your friend Evan at is making some seriously fantastic shoes.
Will Smith Is My 2nd Cousin Because My Dad Is Stacy Groce and them 2 are cousins
It's Lunch Time!! :D RT #HotPockets & Tampico juice on deck
at work. Following the #libmade symposium though. It'll be archived, check it out! I can send you the link if you want
How about next Friday night after work?
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success. - Napoleon Hill
Note to self: check which accounts are selected in tweetdeck before you hit the Send button, you ridiculous woman. :p
yah obviously. Man up
I sometimes ruin everything my luck <U+E058>
Thanks for coming to Milwaukee! Meeting you at the Pabst made my trip home the best ever!
The nuggets are so much better without Melo!!!
Replay shows Ellis clearly safe at plate despite great throw by #Rockies CarGo. 1-0
This Koch douche bag is such a fucking waste of time. Condescending ass wipe. So, Koch Bros have companies in US, but killing Americans.
Mom: Have a cupcake. Me: I've been waiting for you to frost them. Mom: I don't have frosting, try some cream cheese.
I once replied to a wrong number text with "Look, man, I ain't fallin' for no banana in my tailpipe!"...but I did.
not at all. at least not yet. he's interesting to listen to and he's open to discussion, unlike sidky who just drones on and on.
Shout out! You're pretty cool. ;) Haha I love you!
she's got a rebel heart of country a mile wide (:
#LifelessonswithITW RT: Sometimes the things you most wish for are not to be touched
No doubt! Shouts to #FF=follow ...word.
new music with Hometown remix only on the next mixtape
A crash course in Corinthian. Columns: extra fancy. Leather: fake. Letters to by Paul: preachy but interesting.
This game is embarrassing
#SteelerNation Spread the word - get to 100 followers ASAP! RT this let's see how fast #SteelerNation works...Time now is 3:12
Idk what to watch on TV
hahah why thank you =D that she is!
Information Literacy is a prereq for a degree at PVCC -I'm becoming less and less optimistic I'm going to learn something
and are my favorite sophomores even though I like dick of my butthole :(
!! Your tweet ends at "recently passed..."!! Well anyway.. Congrats Sasheer!
#studioflow.... listening to it go down...
Happy Hour @ Wet Stone Featuring $5 glasses/$20 btls S.African Pinotage Washington State Chardonnay From 5-7pm Come & Getaway! Saludos!
Thank you so much!! We are just thankful to be a part of it :)
its cool!!!:) thats really cool though i live in north carolina blahh the only thing i like is the beaches!!!!!<33
And so it was told about storybook romancing & engaging Industry Moguls, Businesses, global Communities in "Real-Time".
She's the kind of girl that boys look at twice - they can't believe it the first time.
So everytime Chicago has their gay parade, imma make a sign with pics of Larry, Niam, Zouis and LiLo
im not really excited for my birthday as i thought i would be.
nice perspective
Resignation to the end. Always the end.
Gotta love
RT : Staying up til lobby call!!! Let's Go!!!!// Mines at 5:45am how about your's?
Love to hear your feedback.
This is true.. damnnit
Thank you magazine for featuring our dance program director Aubrey Lynch. He does dream big for the kids at
Wiped out from staying up way too late (crying) to finish the amazing Second Chance Summer. Totally recommend. Weekend only!
Lunch time at summit! That was some pretty good eating for a box lunch. Now it's time to learn more and network
that's very true
The last few weeks I worked extremely hard to catch back up.
institution wide cover up? You can prove that, right? Oh wait you were sick the day they taught Law at Law School.
This dude is telling me he spent time at an institution called "The Old Mental Vineyard"
hate to admit it, u r right. MCN in PDX was the 1st I worked on & yr committee rocked. No disrespect 2 Austin/Atl.
Tomorrow, I will be tweeting live from underneath Seth's weekend update desk where I will be hiding for a few days.
It is in the process of being worshipped that God communicates His presence to men. -C.S. Lewis
SOME PEOPLE ARE SO SMART ,TO THE POINT THEY ARE DUMB!! OR THEY ARE SO DUMB THEY WILL NEVER BE SMART THINK ABOUT IT
The series, focuses on the complex interrelationships between the social, political, and economic processes of global governance.
I know you could give a fuck, but I miss you buddy..... :/
Carly don't worry about me!;)
No kid in balloon. (His name is Falcon?!!) Watching tv reporters fumble as they try to figure out what to keep saying to keep us tuned.
Locked myself on the wrong side of the cell... Third time this week... For fuck's sakes
Miss walking/jogging. Found an "at-home" remedy of putting cabbage leaves on knee at night. What do you think?
YOU WEAR GLASSES!??!
On a happier note tho... Happy mothers day to u! I hope u and lil miss queenie have an amazing day! :)
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
Does it really surprise you? ;)
what about Android?
Qualcomm announces that it will power Windows8 platform (mobile and PCs and tablets) with its Snapdragon processor.
Still hunting the elusive Hal Bevis
I'm done for today. I'm going to sleep... I wish you all a good night (or good day, depending on where you live)!
I was sitting for 5 min waiting for a car to move in the parking lot of whole foods ... Before I realized it was parked.
HOW DO YOU FOLLOW PPL ON THE NEW TWETTER
Had my morning coffee with in Australia this morning. Love that girl! Now having lunch with the other Ally & talking business.
A CS MS student asked me for a good CS comp team name. I suggested "Widespread Kernel Panic." She had no idea what a kernel panic is. Sigh.
I wonder what chairs think about all day: "Oh, here comes another asshole." - Robin Williams
Thank you #Bruins for ending this weekend on a high note!
You know who I feel bad for? Adele's ex-bf. Sure, I bet he was a jerk. But does he deserve worldwide humiliation. Forever?
Wish I didn't see that tweet tho!!!
Thanks for the RT !
Semi truck off road completely and on its side on I-97 near MP 54, just happened. Guys pulling open cab says driver ok. cc:
love you & your music, love you on the Grammys, you have to come to Detroit, MI. So I can see you live! #1 fan keep singing.
Saying DC is too limited is like saying Twitter is too limited. Each is well suited for some purposes, but not all ...
looking to hire UX Developers and iOS Developers! Email us at
<U+266A><U+266B>You're the only one that gets me high enough to fly up in the sun, you are my angel above<U+266A><U+266B>
My TiVo randomly stopped recording South Park.
Hating your past means you hate what you've become
thanks for letting me borrow your chariot while henrietta ford is in the truck hospital. So much fun to drive that thing!
Now tht sounds so original and healthy. Do you use beans as well?
apparently a movie shoot is going on downtown todayy
Today we have a great Family Matinee presented by Artist Home. Curtains For You with The Horde and The Harem! Doors at 4pm
We will be closing at 4pm on 12/31 and will reopen on Monday at Noon. Have a wonderful and safe New Year, and see you all in 2011!
Congrats to Lesley Farmer, recipient of ALA's Beta Phi Mu Award, and Michele Gorman, winner of YALSA's Thinking Big About Advocacy contest!
yeah. If it was a govt official the honesty in his assertion would've been less refreshing...
I am currently looking for rep. I just did two national commercials with no rep. Is there a way I can submit my stuff to you>?
They're a great neighbor to have and rabbits love company. Speaking of which, cocktails on the patio soon!
RT - The New England patriots
Getting ready to go to Portland for a conference with two amazing SOURCE actors!
Thanks for the RT! Happy Monday!
Anyone else feeling that NPR and their ed coverage has changed because of Gates money? I do.
Want a #swinger discount getaway 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
Getting my hair done today
This was our first press as Ill Mondo, thanks guys! RT : Congrats to for all their success & I wish them much more.
My dog has more fight than this. And it's 15 years old.
Dale was slowly losing his way with the group. He's old & can't offer the group much besides morality. no space for morality :(
omg... I love you so much for sharing this info!!
I look forward to your recording "Surely" by Carole King as in I hope you do.
From batch #90670: The retail shop is teeming with customers today. . .it’s great! Perhaps they could smell the bergamot from outside.
can your iPad tweet from the roof?
What up gangsta~
aww, don't worry, he's in a better place (:
Zoo animals trying to eat children is officially my favorite genre of YouTube video.
She doesn't even go here
if any of you girls are getting married to any of the boyz. youre inviting me. & making me best man. lol jkkk
Mike Talking Ta Me Like I'm Just Some Bitch Talm Bout "Uh Huh" Mf Text Me.!!!
. if DWade was this bad vs every team this year, no way he's an all-star. Must be an Ind D thing
Tried to go down a one way street. Whoops.
The feeling you get when you ask Jesus Christ to come into your heart and save you >>> ANYTHING ELSE. It's the best feeling in the world.<3
We got that 1D telepathy lol :-)
nada just sayin thanks for the "serve the dealer" love
haha! I think we know what you're having!
So who's the handicap? Wood or Dolls?
Rihanna #DoinTooMuch in that video "You Da One"
“: dc tourist season is in full swing, can I just move now? I can't handle all these teva's and backpacks”
Want more followers? Then do these1)Follow 2)RT this n S/O 3) More U Do it More Followers you get n We will Return the Favor....
Actually, I dig cubism. There's a really cool German one at the museum. Muted tones.
I'm I Da Onllii Normal Child Left..!!
SXSW made me realize I have a serious weakness for black-haired, doe-eyed women with sleeve tattoos and bad attitudes.
On the 950: no Junkie today - NPR News Special on Obama's deficit speech instead. Maybe a secret trivia question.
Three words -
Let's play two! #Orioles could send a message sweeping today but let's not get ahead of ourselves. Bullpen can't get taxed.
that is funny.
Hey I miss you. I can't wait to see you. :/
The best thing about game testing is that it can be a home based job and you can do it in your leisure time
I personally like the videotones app the best.
TODAY in the SLIS Commons: SLC-SC Meeting from 11:45-12:15. Special library folks and other interested parties are invited to attend!
Why should people care if your a belieber. Its wrong to bully a guy for liking Justin bieber. R.I.P
Not the roses!
#SMH these dudes don't really wanna make money
ha ha good night
I have bought like 5 copies of the new single already!! Love ya Dave!! Always here to support you!
|#quotes We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.
they don't even know if there's going to be a third season...*fingers crossed*
Thanks so much for following! We look forward to bringing you updated info on our cause so you can come to our event! <3
Girl: Why she don't have to wait on line? Me: Bi*** Jump off my Racks on Racks on Racks!
Oh no! what happened to the site ?
i am here! It's amazing, thank you for being so kind! I wish you were here too! xoxo
Thanks for the plug, Armi. I'm pretty good with most php scripts, but those Ventrino boys always throw a surprise my way.
Doan and that cheater Smith!! Take GOAL #3 you #Coyotes bastards!
#COYS AND COME IN WEST BROM!!!
glad it was good! Will definitely check it out
lmfao no body! I just woke up and they were like this!
#imagine you & Justin got in your first fight. Justin: thats it, im done (YN)! u start crying. Justin: im sorry, please forgive me, i love u
No problem. It was great meeting you too!
nice meeting you too!
I know. It's shameful. That's why I want to start a consultancy/communications firm for that express purpose!
Remind me that we'll always have have each other... When everything else is gone
hope you're feeling better :-)
APPETIZER - CRAB-STUFFED BAKED ARTICHOKES smoked mozzarella, crabmeat, panko, spinach, lemon butter sauce
Hey! the market has its opening day today -- do you mind retweeting to help promote it? Thanks!
How bad does Clark Kellogg want to say "Good move by Cody Zellar but screw his brother."
no problem girl!
Agreed! Gracious writers make me smile (and make me want to read their books!)
Afraid to read The Hunger Games, afraid to go watch the movie. Cause it will make me want to get back to writing & I won't be able to stop.
thank you:) That means a lot to me
I love how it takes us 25 minutes to say goodnight because neither of us want to leave.<3
I'm so happy with my iPhone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
You are such a beautiful, supportive friend. I love you!
Picking Hayward might finally signal a move to safety for C Wood. as if the Collins move didn't already
lil model pose I c u lol
happy New Years to you too!!
If ya ain't balling y u on Da court then?
I understand. Are all your children in school? Will you have help with the kids while you attend school? If you don't mind me askin
I know nobody likes domestic violence. But how cool would it be if everyone knew karate!
I can never luv a dirty bitch
Thank u ;) That's very cool!!
Gearing up for another full day of photo shoots tomorrow:)
Onto day 2 of #novelworldsduke . Exciting panels on empire and world-systems, object worlds, and novelistic world-refusal ... *all at 10am*
I think that's the power of seguin...he's giving them some tampa bay-like energy.
Can't wait! Heading to for Big Boy Toy Show w and the sexy cast of
Check out www.okkle.com to submit music and see the lineup thusfar for freetulsa music fest!
Thank you!!!
The best relationships are those in which ppl are friends first.
* Let me be cruel, not unnatural; I will speak daggers to her, but use none. - Hamlet, Act I, Scene II
it's grosstastic! P.s. got your email-- yay!!!!!!!
oh no. I should have never asked jk lol
r u being smart??
maybbe! I hope, he hasn't painted me, since he was 4.. I miss the days when he didn't know better!
15% left on my phone ):
Guess who's getting his Gucci belt for bday??? Yup MAC$$$ ... PRIVATE Sale at Gucci is coming up...gotta go see my girl Nataliya in Natick
Mike Green has to protect his House
Kay,bye
Back at my desk fully powered and ready to do the best job I can.
Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Candidate for President is about building each individuals wealth not re-distributing others
#ancientgreek phrase of the day - <U+1FE5><U+03BF>d<U+03BF>d<U+03AC><U+03BA>t<U+03C5><U+03BB><U+03BF><U+03C2> <U+1F28><U+03CE><U+03C2> - "rosy-fingered Dawn"
If theBuffet rule is up for vote in the Senate why are we not outraged it passed the house? < mean eyes >
It scares Chuck Norris
<U+266B> You say tomato and I say tomahto <U+266B> …What song makes you think of #Monicals?
think i should form an all male band that only does covers of chick bands.
Hahaa... Good! Do the online practice tests! Those will help a lot too!
HELL YEAH!!!!!!GIANTS ARE GOING TO THE SUPER BOWL!!!!!!!Super bowl 46 here we come!Pats better watch the frick out!(:
If that's the case I'm going to have to imagine a remote sabbatical in 2015.
My new record will not dissapoint. Hope ya speakers can handle it...them 808s sound like smooth thunder
good win last night....held opponent under 50pts again .....team pizza! ...
I loved your article (your photos were good too)... I learned so much from you and I was there...lol
Just some friendly jabbing on gameday. See you tonight!
St Pete bound can't wait to get out of Paris TN! 1st i gotta C wats going on with this contract from Galaxy --chasing the dream!! ~Ecstasy
The professor made eye contact with me for the first time all quarter while he walked in.
Every media before social was passive says
This day was very taxing. I'm ready for a huge glass of wine & some mindless TV.
Can I take you out for a drink while you're in SF? Our neighborhood is crawling w/ folks in GDC badges and I'm totally jealous
i dont do lay ups i slim dunk
Jordis already had her shot at this stuff. Give someone else a chance
go for it. let me know if you need any help.
Looking at the batting averages in the #Brewers line-up today is totally depressing.
um hi i'm the winner today congrats to me!
Set before you is an open door!
#SmackDown Time to play the game.
looks like an OnGuard to me
If you, O Lord, should mark inequities, Lord, who could stand? But there is forgiveness with you, so that you may be revered. -Ps. 130
Considering a hair change. Love the red but damn it's upkeep. Uh oh...
Not wondering about the meta part, just the admin page piece. But thanks.
What a beautiful Saturday in SF. Nothing like some relaxation in the sun.
Meeting Prize recipient #KarenArmstrong today #NJ event 2hear more abt
How to become a successful chapter - "our members talked and we listened" so says the "Chex Mix" Chapter of the Year,
yea he does! That's so weird! LLN :)
make me
isn't he amazing LoL YUM! Hiya hun hope all is well over there.
Just read your bio, it would be wonderful to have you guest blog for us about Aspergers. Would you be interested?
I'm logged out of my texting app sorry talk to me through Facebook kbye (;
Dude why is that dudes voice sounds like a girl!!??
I Love Rubber Bands, On His Braces When He Lip Syncs Ladies Love Me <3
damn why does that always happen?
We love ppl that love us....we ador ppl that follow us so do us a solid and press that follow button
thank you! :) glad you like 'em.
You mean the NFL Defensive MVP can't be replaced by Kruger and 2 guys who have basically never played a snap?
Getting ready to watch Tron 3d. All set with my big box of junior mints.
The act of sharing can take away from the moment itself
ohh ive been there plenty ;) wait what :p?
any particular groups or songs? I need to listen to this type of music on this foggy NYC day
Feb 15 is more important than feb 14, cuz today is the day when chocolate go on sales! #valentine's
FOREVER SHREDDING BUTTS!!!
not being able to meet you, crying, then you secretly signed posters for us! Thank you, we love you.
I beg to differ. I thought 's All Caps personal request to check her profile was pretty heartfelt and personal.
#HappyMothersDay <3333 :) LOVE YOU MOM. You're the best!! :D
you sound like the models on zoolander! An iced mocha frapachinnnnnnooo!!
congrats on closing the PLAYBACK fundraiser series - wonderful listening sessions at ARUP's SoundLab this weekend. more to come!
Have a great weekend y'all ! xoxo
FLASH FLOOD WATCH REMAINS IN EFFECT THROUGH THIS EVENING..CALL RESTOTECH DKI IF YOUR PROPERTY RECEIVED DAMAGE. 702-664-6910
Follow she follow back,!
hey wut u up to?
Alright, I'm beyond potentially jinxing myself at this point. Mother Nature seems to have quite an opinion about canceling our Napa weekend
no, this isn't a daily game
We are taking walk-ins all weekend. Come on in and get Thai!
right here...dm me
When my hand falls asleep :O
Yeah! I was with the girl in the driveway! Haha I was picking up my shoes when you guys were walking.
Chinese buffet at 5 before the Eberron game tonight?
Hey Richard! Come into Velocity Sports Performance NYC for a free trial workout!
But, believe it or not, the real pirates left behind a treasure trove of information about -- can you guess? Marine ecology.
s/o real nigga came tho ASAP blessed me with a hook and a 16
Dear guys, If you're gonna text me, please keep the conversation going. Sincerely, tired of "yupp"
If anyond has the jam "i am a pizza" hook a yeti up! Por favor!
mediocre tweets.
Way to step up and take a proper stand to #BoycottRush .
Please do! It'll be on YouTube and Hulu as well during/after the game :)
I need your email address please. Old school I know. Mine is the same if you can email me.
Everybody's having babies! I have like 3 babyshower invites just for the month of June alone!
I really want it to thunderstorm.
What Salsa band would you bring to your city if you could? Me? El Gran Combo. Now if I could only pull some strings for my birthday party.
wat u finna get this time
indeed, indeed.
i wonder when Im rubbing under my chin, if ppl think i'm in deep thought or if they see Im rubbing the stubble growing out of my mole there?
lol i hate the nba i was just giving you shit i could care less who wins the nba havent watched a full game in years
"we can still be friends" "really" "NO GO FUCK YOURSELF"
Visit any of our 35 members to give a donation to Today & giving 5% of revenue!
Only watching Dancing because of Donald Driver. Thought he deserved a higher score than some of the others.
I've never had a crush on a movie character/actor/actress before. Strange.
“Don’t ever worry about things that don’t worry about you!”-Wiz Khalifa
Congrats on the Job, I feel like a proud ex-half-step-father.
When you want something, all of the Universe conspires to help you achieve it
I do not answer unknown or blocked calls or any number I don't know sorry but I'm not goin to waste breath
Where are you going for Happy Hour?
I just taught how to play The Ring
I don't get it
Made any posters for the guys? Tweet me the pictures making a college of them and putting them on the tumblr! Spread the word!<333
#BEARS - Can the defense force a turnover once in a while... geeze, it's not rocket science. And can Cutler please hold on to the ball.
done with my shoot!! Back to airport
probably just a bad sensor
Excited for the event at tonight - love the San Diego PR community! :)
Last time Albert Pujols hit a home run during the regular season was 9/22/11 against former Mets Pitcher Chirs Capuano during the 5th inning
I know I'm not the only one hyped about going to see #TheAvengers Fri!
:) Oh yay!! It's pretty short loI didn't look that short in the document. Okay sent ^_^
and if i say it i mean it
#10 Archerville Cartel "No Handouts" on the Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
,just go through my pics and look at one
The Museum will be closed Saturday, July 4 in observance of the holiday.
Grrrr Ryan Carter, I don't care if you did play for the Gamblers, you're not allowed to score on Henrik.
Finally found some motivation to do some house cleaning before heading down to milfords bike races this evening.
Thanks for connecting. I've added you to the list /social-media. Check it out.
i can't figure out which side of this argument you're on now.
So I made an attempt to go to sleep...
Without my account do you know how I feel? Hope you have one guilty concious cause I could kill myself tonight over you.
you're welcome bud.
Why everybody is going to Paris in November?
Nice...I mean BAD! I'm eating too many of those things lately!
You can try the 'Handbrake' to convert .avi files to .mov or .m4v format for play on Mac, this is a freeware ...
oh darn, he forgot to wear his hoodie under his t-shirt and the rain boots. Maybe next time. ;-)
RT : When enough Americans get together we can defeat the big money of corporate interests. #ohio #issue2 defeated
Facebook Buys Gowalla [REPORT] on.mash.to/u9cuQb
I miss Boston. Such a great city... despite all the Red Sox & Patriots fans...
Yes, I am Ms. Grumpy pants right now. Who wants to know?
A BIG thank you to everyone who participated in celebrating the opening of the #OGStudio this week!
OMG my dad would be cleanin the guns for ME!! no "but daddy"s would work that time...
Sprained my other ankle /;
just ordered grey matters on netflix look forward to it thanks for the recommendation
My dad is a douche on the real! Can't stand him!
Playing basket ball by myself ):
Lots of new prints, canvas, and goodies on the way!
signs of a real New Yorker.
I'm doing pretty good:)
"Fail better." --noted computer scientist Samuel Beckett
just saw ya at the tap house, great food enjoy!
that's what we're going to do, so i'm looking right now, i'll text you when i find some!
Man, I'd kill for some Chipotle right now ...
What are the lacking most right now? The Coach has the answer tonight at 6:30, 10, 11 ,
Family/friends of teenage arson suspects praying before juvenile hearing. 15-year olds blamed for fire at Woodburn HS
Roofs closed on a beautiful day...whoever makes these decisions is a
underdog of the year, call me rocky
how long was the development cycle for dishwasher ?
Have you been neglecting your business documents, or do you have a big report on the horizon? ScribeModerne is here for you!
Awesome. In Florida, I had a Pad Thai taco
i bet it would...that's wehre it all started hahaha
Wow. Now that was a workout!
Ok, so Model UN for iPad is coming along just fine. How many of you are looking forward to that?
Wow, she's beautiful, congratulations!
I hit tweet limit
The lowriders have arrived to 's live shot with Ruben. Make sure to watch at 7:45 AM to see these cars bounce!...
!!!!!!! « « I wish you would understand i wanna be more than just your friend.»»
Sugar Pops tag line used to be "the crunchy part of this nutritious breakfast" - Nutella can be "the chocolaty, yummy part..."
Lookin for Female MC for up and coming MixTape Track, if you interested hit me up. RT and Spread the Word
thanks for the ff
my dad just yelled at me and called me a pagan bahahaha
okay sis and tommy message u on it
Fablehaven author Brandon Mull appears at the Allen Public Library at 1 p.m. Saturday, May 7, 300 N. Allen Dr., Allen Public Library
Hm, ironic.. I get my hair done by Jessica, too. We were talking about you. (; & Happy Birthday! I love you. You're amazing.<U+2764>
good:) and yourself?
I say if pacman don't what to do the blood test of take 40% of 100mill plus shit give it to Cotto on the rematch..
I think you guys are awesome! Thanks for all the compliments, thank-yous, followbacks, shoutouts and support! <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
It's a WRAP! Thanks for joining us for the live tweets! More pictures and videos will be on facebook & twitter!
Loyalty does not pay when it comes to flying
I love it
How'd I miss this? You're now at Brown as Director of Online Development? Marvelous!!! (glad you've retained Gator fan status)
It's 7:03 PM on a beautiful Tuesday night, and Michigan still sucks.
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Is there really no way to edit or add someone to a list from within the iPad app?
um are you forgetting my little knee locking issue
I know you better than you know yourself lol
would have to think he's a 5th rnd max, right? was only 2nd to begin with and underperformed...
i'm really emotional. i cry at the thought of One Direction sometimes. should i see a docter about this? omg.
Let me text this girl........brb
haha feelings are mutual. You would both probably frightened to know how much I know about your lives however..
I crave affection, never fear rejection & I dream of perfection everyday.
SOME WORDS OF THE WISE: people make mistakes in life but mistakes make people!, think about it
This morning a Lake County judge approved a $70,000 settlement reached on the eve of trial for my client who suffered a torn meniscus in a …
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Barcelona - "Faded"
Thank you for opening a window. The sky is clear as my mind is now. I was a long long way off.
so that means you have to redo it next quarter, from scratch :P
Decisions decisions
Great Job last night to our Saints! On our way to a GREAT #twodat #whodat season
Hungry as fuck!!!.
Haha not therapy. The main things, the important things, etc. :-)
You Already Know !
Okay back now
WHAT IS THOS BREWFEST?!!! Give me a straw && I'm good to go! Make sure to let me know!!! I'm living off of 23/Hoyt-party.
Thx for the feedback on Dee Jay everybody...definitely going to try putting Maximum on his leg (not a porn joke)
Happy mothers day! Can we go to Nordstrom now...?
You rock.
I Have Bitch Fits , I Know I Do .
You wanna ride with us to San Marcos tonite.?
Rick! Don't agree with this shit. I say who follows me. I'm the boss of my ig.
great times yesterday! thats right! monday come rock with me good spot's new local above the allen in LES thompson hotel's 7th floor!
Jeans from forever21 never fit right.
¤If you do good, people will accuse you of selfish ulterior motives. Do good anyway...
I miss being 21 :(
Thanks to new followers ! , , ,
New favorite show 'Celebrity House Hunting' on The Biography Channel.
Won't play Paris Bercy-too fast indoors, won't play Madrid-too fast outdoors
Having cawfie w my boy nick hes like the brother i never had or like the brother i never wanted neither
KCLS: going from 10 items per square foot to 5. Again, focus on people space not stuff space.
yeah to see Casey lol yeah that's true I think I can pay that off in two visits
Now open until midnight on Fridays and Saturdays.
Listening to your "Ready For Love" CD. Chillaxin... *(*.
We love Vegas, get "dibs" on a staycation with us!
The difference between you and and me is...I care too much, while you couldn't care less/:
Hey Joan! Feels great!
we all did!
Check out the member favorites on our homepage. There's a coupon up there for $7 off. www.savings.com
how you been?
It's a new day! I am 34 and moving from FB to Twitter! Follow me!
Fresh condoms! Get 'em while you're hot!
Tomorrow @ 6pm Bounce TV, ch. 115, Cox New Orleans, will start a Soul Train marathon honoring Don Cornelius, beginning w/1st show.
“: Shout out to handbell choirs still hopin' like hell for record deals.” Handbell choirs? Hahahahaha!
Snr. Master Sgt. Torry Thompson, part of greeting team, asked president about the NBA finals. Obama said he'll support the Spurs.
Good morning !! I will be following u all day 2day!! R so proud!!
What cha Mad @??? If you getting $ you wouldnt worry about $hit!!!
you're a #tweetcreep... You follow but you don't tweet... C'mon now
he got swag
If i was a magician there wld be a box of pizza in front of me right now.
whoa?! I thought we were cool?
Well about to go to school LAST DAY OF SCHOOL!!!! (:
You can listen to thunder after lightning and tell how close you came to getting hit. If you don't hear it, you got hit, so never mind.
I know Mann me too but shit went down & it sucks :/ but alright boo I'll try to go over soon <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Lunch today : linguini with a tuna marinara, brick oven pizzas, beans & greens, potato & sausage soup, torta rustica. www.enricobiscotti.com
It's disappointing Lugar didn't win his primary. With him and Snowe leaving, Congress will be more partisan than ever.
thank you for the RT!
I won't give up, that easily.
Don't just set your goals....get your goals.
your my idol please follow me!
I'm enjoying it for sure! I think deep down, all Oklahomans just love to hate Dallas. It's great!
...and what you had, and what you lost. Thunder only happens when it rains!
I absolutely love it when you just randomly stop texting me in a full conversation. I just can't tell you how much I love it.
They'll put up a fight like we've done throughout his injuries. It's gonna be though when we need that extra spark he provides
I live how my sister my cousin and are saying their ducks for life! Haha
,I.S.D. Locksmith We guarantee to save you $$$ on all ur locksmith needs. call any time 619-335-7969
happy birthday jakey!(:
Awesome! // RT : Booked my plane ticket for and looking forward to great sessions and conversations.
Had a scary dream..
Shir forgot we had room inspections today , hope I don't fail !
Our bad, but yes we do franchise! :-)
No. 2's a little existential, don't you think?
Maybe the next email from the #Twins will say "Mauer is the 2nd best defensive catcher on the team but we pay him $23 million anyway."
It's official, #bidday is the best day of the year.
thinking about pulling the trigger and buying LEGO WeDo for Madigan's 7th birthday. Thoughts? Is it worth the $$$?
RT I was sure the plane had a leak somewhere : A6: flying Ryanair is adventurous, if u don't have a quid for the loo
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. —Jim Rohn
you're right. Adele is one amazing bitch. But Gaga will always be queen.
a plane ride and 5 hours
Will you please do something about the ghettoness of those vinyl fighter sponsor signs? Please use a green screen or something.
basically girls who were topshop nirvana tops and think its fucking too cool even though they dont listen to nirvana...
How funny that #CableOne 's twitter account can't even give updates to the outage, a perfect way to communicate with customers and nothing.
Twitter hates me . Lol
ADVERTISEMENT: There is nothing like the freedom that comes with being delivered over other folks opinion of you. Try it, TODAY!
: Cromell's mom would probably go #1 in the fantasy football draft if it weren't for the character issues.
Thanks to Judge Ken Wise for being the keynote speaker at today's HYLA swearing in ceremony!
follow me?!
I'm going back to quad party haha
To follow our Mali team (Linda & Garrett) goto: www.microventuresupport.org and click on blue blog box
if they get voted off before they're in the final two I'm shooting someone~
#WhatBrightensMyDay Knowing that #God is working in the lives of those i love and pray for…in so many people…He always surprises me.
Roland, will Prince be bringing any to the Tigers? Will miss you at this year. hope to see you next year!
Thank you to all who attended and supported our 2012 Civic Luncheon!!!
LOL at all this 7th grade drama.
is whoa pissed at Lego Star Wars
Subway is the nursing home of restaurant smells.
AMB. ERTHARIN COUSIN OF THE US WAS APPOINTED TO HEAD WORLD FOOD PROGRAMME TODAY BY UN SecGeneral BAN Ki-moon. CONGRAT'S TO OUR GOOD FRIEND.
Everybody always talks about how good Starbucks is, but I can't say the same. Why? Simple, I've never been to a Starbucks.
didn't hang up on ya, I fly through the first 24 calls with "you're caller __, try again"- I might have said it too fast!
#FF the street team
I feel like it's right up your alley. And by that I mean: assassin nuns! crossbows! pretty dresses!
Its funny cause I didn't think that anything could be sexier than the Boyfriend video, untill I seen the Boyfriend performance. HOLY SHIT!
:( RT : ill buy my bestfriend some plugs as soon as she gets me some(;
I refuse to believe Im tired. Only 4 hrs of dancing. There's time 2go2 the gym but I think the bed wins tonight. Oatmeal 4 weekend it is!
Ugh Ugh Ugh
on the 4th is sold out.
RT Before you all get ahead of yourselves I'm not playing tonight
haha word! we still gotta make that record mang!
- Thatss Wassup - &&' Thx (= . I Talkk Spanish Just A Lil Even Tho I Been Learning It Most Of My Life. Is French Easier.?
let me know what you think!
You got a man but fuck around wit other dudes.. you a HOE.
Just had a delicious salad with tempeh. Tempeh is a good source of protein and fiber as well as magnese, copper, and phosphorus.
Thank you!!
FUNKY FRIDAY! #Weekend on the horizon. What's your favorite weekend #song?
Yay time for the #RHOA baby :-) :-)
A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at.
Real men do the dishes:)
Ah I guess not. You better be in detention today..I'm alone.
Damn you, Madewell, and your seductive sale emails.
Omar Bravo!!!
I really hope Fey & Co. use their shortened final season to up the ante, the best 13 ever.
I have officially accepted Director of Admissions position at Chinquapin School. Watch out Houston, here I come!
#CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys! Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th & Im in the 11th grade. R there any M&GS for the Milwaukee show?
No school today
Or maybe just a golf clap.
Less like a review though, more like my pathetic attempt to grasp at a bit of theory that EVERYONE is talking about. Comments welcome!
I can't believe senior year is already over. Shits gonna get real.
Ask through your actions and you shall receive...
I feel like this draft had the most diverse picks. Many players taken from all over the world and not alot from the states.
LET'S TALK SOME BUSINESS IF IT'S REAL!!!!
so adorable!
Seize the trout!
~> RT : Used to get Club Rain cracking lolol RT : Lollipop by Wayne still my shit
ttu freshmen and transfers are awesome!
Awesome! You'll have a blast, it's such a great city. And I do love it, thanks! Good luck :)
lol ugh fine :p you better not forget
Oomf is an alcoholic and needs help, I'll help you.....to my bed ") sleep here.
Gonna get my nails done
the texts between Jenny & I >>>>
That's right just leave Lebron
lol it's hard cause I'm sick of bullshit from people!!!!
And who let the dogs out....No? I've ruined it.
This guy has his pants to tight he walks like a girl :D
aw don't get too butthurt
went to guest house for the first time today to help serve a first-saturday meal -- pretty intense & amazing place. i'll definitely be back.
But i Guess in the End . Its Worthh it -_-
Women are always right! As a woman, I can confirm that fact.
Come to Indy now we miss u
Any #librarians out there using Roving Reference in their #library ? How does it work? Is it successful?
what do you do at the ?
Friday Humor: "Spring is when you feel like whistling even with a shoe full of slush." ---Doug Larson
RT metal junkies“: Back at the studio today- Clown is filming segments! Should be interesting to say the least. Stay tuned.”
I give up, tell me how!
#WhatGetsMeMad; seeing you with her, because we both know you could do better..
RT I love me some LEGO! How can I help? RT Really big LEGO project is coming this May to Richmond.
"you can roll the muthafunka if you want to"
Mad Men was also good. I didn't expect Don & Megan to be married at the start of the season. Episodes like tonight's show why it makes sense
happy birthday ms niki
thank you so much for blessing us and by joining us at the after show party! You guys are amazing!
Thanks for the memories:)
Congratulations to your Rangers!!!!!! ;)
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>. Cavs aren't in the playoffs so I can cheer for Lakers...
awesome job for making "UK Loves Victoria" trend. would be so happy and proud
Thanks so much, Jessica! “: Just voted for !!”
I know. Me too
(c) wallet. She was staring at me up and down for a straight minute. Then she looked at the f21 bags and she gave me a snobby look. It's (c)
Discover Taya Beauty
sharing how today is the moment of realization that customers need to "feel" brands
RT Me you! Love ya rihanna!!!! : I'm on my level yea
Midnight showing of Battleship with
Quinoa, cocoa powder, coconut milk, chia seeds, bananas and pecans...delicious breakfast!
Are you dead like me?
Hi! For now, just have the photographer you work with submit your work for new issues and/or our website. Hope this helps! :)
lol naw I'm listening to Temptations old scho
is certainly a program favorite! Dark psychological soundscapes, dredging the subconscious to reveal hidden mysteries!
Read that monster that slaughtered 3 kids in Michigan is being held in JUVENILE Court. Does that mean "the nutless wonders" try him as a Kid
really though...thanks!!
Im down.
Why haven't I bought that soundtrack yet? Or Rubber for that matter?
She's also now eligible to run for elected office in Switzerland
Happy Monday!!! Time for some Oolong! Come on, you had to know that was coming:)
#FF: – Great industry knowledge and engaging tweets
its playing in theaters again?
Glee characters are like children in the mall lost and found or a giant hide and seek.
Congrats!! We'll see you tonight!
Hot off the waffle iron: The SanDisk Sansa Clip+ is offically Waterproof! Get stoked and buy one.
Getting down to 38 F in the MIA tonight, bundle up! =)
I need a break. From everything and everyone.
how r the wings?
whats up? U need a hug
And there goes an awful #Caps PP...
Oh thank god, they finally fucking canceled iCarly. Dan Schneider, go die in a fire please. Stop making TV shows.
Lifetime membership in Alpha Phi Omega: $100. NRA: $300. I know which one I'm more inclined to purchase.
now i want a serious boyfriend.
big moment for you and your people. Can't wait to see it for myself in a month!
Lots of outdoor seating here-bring your office down to Brady Street. Lunch is avail and the bars make great conference rooms.
I'm glad you like the new displays!
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>What A Wonderful Caricature Of Intimacy
Robert Killinger~ You cant win at everything but you can laugh at everything.
Seems like a very warm lady, Ginnie. I think I'm going to read #SisterCitizen. I know I enjoyed the #CSpan seg.
As I said before: Gotta keep up the pressure. No #FireSpaz offense.
Eff this day.
Welcome to the launch of the official Firefly Twitter page!
What is your biggest DEAL-BREAKER in a relationship?
I'm up way to early.
Which means yes we will be golfing this summer and the foreigner will be coming even though she doesn't know that yet.
Can u guys folo me
In twitter-time yes.
Ready for the
my bro was fucked up in da city lol
Thank you, Tim. Fascinating article. And you were spot on abt tchrs & tech!
um why does someone named destiny keep answering your phone??
Hey Gayle how did you like the firewalk with Tony that night?
Me - " is the creator of isanyoneup." Jess - "The creator of what?" She obviously must be living under a rock.
...if you live to be 100, I wanna live to be 99 so I don't have to live without you...Pooh Bear (one of my favorite philosophers :)
Sunshine all around here as well. All is well. Hoping the summer drags its feet a little so I can enjoy every minute.
I wear too much pink and I don't even like that color?
Nice Kelly Clarkson, did I say I Love you, yet
A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving.
gahahahaha I gotta do that remind me
I want to see it :D
Classic cocktails for 33 cents! Wahoo for the debut of happy hour !!
Derby coverage or Men In Black?
Thanks Darius Subatis 4 graciously &informatively showing us around set! U helped raise $ 4 Portland Public Schools. Grimm rocks!
yes maam #food ;)
Out in #eav for see us at the !
Nothing recedes like success. -Walter Winchell
Need a new hdtv. Any suggestions? 46"
I like to watch the news? Wtf..
Hey Chicagoland! If you're a curator/collections manager/registrar, I would love to chat with you!
Still taking Tournées Festival bookings! Contact us to learn about any of our 3 films on the list at
Hey & , thought you'd want to know that the #tumblrweeds fell from grace to 7th place.
What the hell's a Godfather's Pizza and why do I care? I understand huts and dominoes, things I can be enthusiastic about, even.
that picture wasn't even half of em
Blondie the Clueless Cat is sitting under my car. Brings back happy memories of the Garage Kitty.
Harry knuckles and all
Hunt for Red October? Yes, please. I like being home before bartime.
Cause I need you ..
I think that's your world series matchup at the end of this year.....
I'd kill for some taco bell and a slurpee right now.
I'm always amazed by how many of these acronyms I thought I knew, but didn't. Keep 'em coming!
It'll make you a bitter person. Resist. RT : maybe i'll make a new one:
I love this - we should do for our authors!
certainly is!!
someone should take a video of her one day
-- i.e. if something happens that causes me to regret that choice, and the cost of switching is too high, then I am out of luck.
The Heat might lose this series
Steinbeck is still right. Big Sur remains the world's greatest meeting of land and sea.
62 mph wind gusts at Folsom Field in Boulder
don't worry lol
don't forget my birthday in 3 minutes ha ha have to remind one of my faves!! South land rules!!!
I was just in Baltimore last week for the first time. Thanks for the timely map.
You got that right! :)
the middle finger fully extended, and the catchphrase, 'Go F*** Yourself!'
He dead?? : #RIPJaRule you won't be missed
: All right.
Discussing new categories for this year's show. @ reply your suggestions.
he told me he was 19 so I asked what year he was born and he replied 89..... lol
Yay! Thank you - I love surprises :)
Jaguar F-Type is poised to pounce in 2013
that's good how's the break treating u
Have any questions on marble restoration? Don't hesitate to ask. Free estimates always. All Marble Restoration 561-293-3658
So how about that ice cream ?
I don't remark what that was mister o.0
nice blog coverage abt Romney camp fumble. But that's inside baseball for many. Did anyone ask them (as biz gurus) why (1/2)
Shooting the Planetary video
Hahahahahha the way me and josh are talking to each other right now >>>> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
“: It doesn’t matter how old you are. if a balloon is about to hit the floor you dive for that shit.”
they certainly did!
Thank you for the tweet - we had a great protest against the GOP's
Working on the next 2 months of events... Y'all don't got any idea of what's to come!
What will it take to get to guest spin at Room 101? Hottest mix show Dj around!
lower 40 will be playing tonight @ Whiskey Chicks so come on out, bring your friends & listen to some great music & start weekend off right!
I dont have a huge house,a brand new car,or lots of money.What I do have is an amazing family nd friends nd memories that will last forever.
well that would not work. rt he shd b the nxt bachr but have a girlfriend also on .
The Patriots' logo is supposed to be a ghost from the Revolutionary War, right?
Just wrapped the Woodinville Costco Shop Night. Great fun, local businesses and holiday cheer!
Looking forward to it! cheers! RT : Can't wait to party alongside you!
Thanks Good crowd last night
We were so lucky! “: Great pairing last night with during the Taste of Haas event.”
#SocialMediaTip Always know the correct thing to say
hey! missy how u been?
As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big. – Donald Trump
Exactly. Their stance against corp. subsidies is a fine one, and one that can gain momentum.
no..bring me pancakes!
We can discuss it or not. Saying you don't want to is clear. Restating your position on the way out, not so much. But...
Ah splendid this calls for a sexy party
tired. must get some z's. sleep is very important for your health!
I won't need to
The only person who can cheer me up and piss me off in a matter of seconds, but i'd do ANYTHING to see her smile. I love my momma :)
Editing while dead tired is a terrible idea. However, must be done but eye drops needed!
I don't think there's anymore left..after I seen them this morning. lol
Will let you know next time we have some live music, always a special treat.
(._. ) I've heard that one before lolol RT : i was gonna tell you a gay joke.. butt fuck it.
Aw shucks. Thanks, lady! Right back at you. One on the panelists here is my nemesis... It's become a drinking game.
because I just tweeted then you tweeted. Peace again! hahaha and of course, love all fellow brit fans! :)
Don't reenact scenes from Platoon with Charlie Sheen ...
If you want happiness for a lifetime, help somebody...
John and I are in Atlanta!! How jealous are you?
We crawling back up there in message count <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
very sub par beers in my opinion-on RateBeer not one scores over a 25/100.
J Hill I fucks with you!
RT : What if I am the only one powerful enough to stop me to set me free? I am in charge of it all at my next audition....
the premise that wisco state retirees are coming back to work despite 'comfortable retirement' b/c of pension is illogical
Cole Aldrich too!
Directors are meeting #Wynn #LasVegas tomorrow | V soon we hope to announce an exciting partnership! | Stay tuned!
Dad says Angelina Jolie shouldn't have more kids - New York Daily News
TX! U 2! RT #FF Tech/Apps Started by Women
The river may be wide, but it can be crossed~African Proverb
Understand what content is engaging...what stories or posts your fans like
i had a cookout sunday for everyone to be able to see me before i leave u aint come
Going to see the braves play the cubs at wrigley in Chicago Monday while I'm up there for the restaurant show.
no problem :)
“: The awkward moment when you’re trying to get over someone you never even dated.”
Lovely dinner at Gaslight in South End... Perfect steak and cod!
Deciding what I want to name my future children instead of doing my homework.. What is my life right now?
ditto there
Lakers aren't going to continue on this year. Two more games for OKC. I feel a massive change in the team next season...
crazy, isn't it?
yep..just tryin to stay on my grizzly
i may be able to. send us an email w/acct info and issue.
Think of how cutting edge Britten was, surrounded by RV Williams, Elgar, and the like.
"forever and almost always" by
Think about people like Donald Trump Oprah Winfrey Even Jay Z They got Bank You won't catch them taking pics counting money thats for clowns
Gonna get home & eat, drink, bump & DANCE!! ;)
What an exhausting workout I don't know how I worked out for 2 hours with ZERO energy.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you .
Heading to Lexington for a Wildcat double-dip today: UK/LSU baseball at 2 and Blue/White game at 6. GO BIG BLUE!
me too!
Any treatment found yet? need bats to eat the mosquitos!
RT: The main reason I'm glad it's not 1997 is Sugar Ray.
Game is making me sick... CP3 has our #
Gettin my tan on
Best day ever, mostly because I heard from you :) miss you lots and lots!
"Save the Date" is just wonderful.
there's lots to look 4ward 2 with d new DREAM web site.its more interactive and has surprises for new & current clients.Cant Wait to Share!!
Breaking news: POTUS Obama to endorse same sex marriage today. Civil rights making progress!!
u knew what I ment
I'm so tired... I just wanna go to bed
You>Sarah Phillips, ESPN >>B/R. Sorry RT: : Unlike Sarah Phillips I am verifiably real & have never scammed a soul. B/r > ESPN?
she was still looking beautiful in those sweetpants (:
Yup! I'm not celebrating it either, so high five!
a lot like birds and decoder.
you bet!
Ha!RT Can the Red Sox trade for Beltran and keep JD Drew? I want to load up on guys who take called 3rd strikes in huge moments
the industrial one right? :)
I got my own pinball machine!
yeahh u r.. I'm tryna get ace on temple run. Lol
We'll be shooting a documentary about Fried Nothing's first live tour in May! Debating on how to release it. DVD? Online? Theaters? Choices.
your sloppy egg tweet made my day.
You're welcome
Sitting in a hauntd elevator
New marketing idea? Blake Shelton brand disposable clothing! : This is bullshit! Clothes should be disposable like toilet paper
I wonder when I'll get my Sport protein powders and such that I won. Looking forward to it!
Ex-Griz McSurdy tapped by Cowboys
all day every day
I guess your ex-husband did not get the hint with the divorce papers. He must need you to be more obvious.
I'm guessing since I haven't seen a charge I should expect that I didn't get in? Lol
#imagine Austin:when you feel alone just look at the spaces between your fingers & remember thats where mine fit perfectly<U+2665> -anna
I don't really understand what to do with Klout.
why are you guys touring everywhere BUT the US for Daybreaker?
Basically, libraries are amazing. And if you don't think yours is technologically-integrated enough, ask to see what you can do!
Correction, All I want is in a sexy bed with , an Aston Martin & to look like Megan Fox. And Taco Bell
yes ma'am !
Your guys' branding and photography are quite great! Though I'm sure the cupcakes are even better.
problem w java.lang exeptions error at startup; and music app instability. What's the BB Bold 9930 email support address? Ty
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!119
that's whatsss up
ok I will, once I get to a computer c:
it's still there on reddit - you can check it!
Love these Obama campaign commercials in Florida.
Did anyone watch the Lebron online press event yesterday? What do you think about the $160 Lebron/Nike Air Max shoes?
Green Bay is INSANE for football! It's religion! Welcome to "the family"! :)
I thought u knew that!!! Lmao
#ThingsThatINeed an imac and a home office
Day two of #PCCOpCo12. Today BIBCO and CONSER meet separately. So it's all CONSER all day for me. And it's a full agenda.
my lists are getting enormous-- too much to do!
Man knows how to take care of it's employees I want to ride the double decker gbus
awh babe, i love you more; you need rest as well sweet dreams babe <3
BEING DISABLED OFFERS ADVANTAGES IN HOMELAND SECURITY THEY DONT SEE ME COMING!!
Milwaukee, who's excited for opening day tomorrow?!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PRETTY PRETTY PLEASE
thank u *High 5* u deserve a kiss on the cheek (:
Last day in Cali till next week, hustling to get everything done!
. Where's this Marques houston concert at?
We're still looking for volunteers at IgniteDC tonight.
Im out
Many amazing opportunities coming my way! x
Floyd Mayweather should give a free seminar to all of the UFC fighters on how the pay-per-view revenue should be distributed.
If you wanna Skype, add me! Calebb93
it is paid, but it would start in june
thank you son...
Content curation via email is a HUGE distraction. Use dlvr.it instead.
Lion install: so far, so good. Download was a snap!
have tennis class in half an hour, im excited!! perfect weather for it!!
can't sleep anymore so I'm up super early.. anxiety sucks
You've been waiting all week for this. Is there a #DogSunday?
Just because I haven't talked to you recently doesn't mean that you're not always on my mind <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
"Mother Russia!"
We are moving right along, school done!!! Now to get this pit, I mean house, cleaned up!
perfect ! I love cinco de mayo !!! I'm in !
so just taking classes now haven't been to any auditions yet but am very excited..and scared LOL
The dream is gone, but then there's hope
tx for the favorite - #harvardsailingteam ROCKS!
The studio is me right now!!! I have too make a hit right now..... At Gutta Beat House
Quality NM on the road meeting with customers - Espanola on Wednesday and Santa Fe on Thursday.
I don't even know what that means.
@ great minds think alike, oh yeah and us too.
Republicans want Dem Senators to cross the border back into WI. Do you want stricter border security or not??? Make up your minds!
This is the time for GB Packer Fans to soak it up! We endured a lot of pain over the years!
U 2 baby!;) xoxo RT Your welcome love. Have a Great day and weekend.
You are waiting on God, and God is waiting on you. Give Him something to bless
No dancing. Just good ole fashion violence and gore.
Doing interviews with the food network for a possible reality show
#BandsILove one direction and mindless behavior
As a matter of fact.. & our good buds Thx for the follows!
HAPPY HOUR! $3 rails, house wine, select drafts!
Counting only weekdays... Only 13 days to Opening Day. Can't wait for the fans see the new videoboard. 6,000 sq ft of AWESOME.
Many people who stay here say that our web site does not do justice in showing the real peace and magic of this place.
#iwillalwayslove love them so much
About to go to work
Do it now. Do it now. Do it now.
There's a unique shame in library employees whose borrowing privileges are suspended b/c of an overdue book.
I still tote steel, gaf how you feel, we some southern O.G.'s TRILL RECOGNIZE TRILL
Great team name. Cheers on the win.
lol, if only the old man had some delivery skills instead of a huge chip on his shoulder he might make a legit candidate
Jesus- very grateful that He never let go.
Chaperoning 5th graders reading to 4yrolds at Bridge Boston Charter School. Great place!
Alexander The Great was a #douchebag. Yet we celebrate him 2,500 years l8r. Being a douche is literally the best way to be remembered. Pass.
It's Sunday.... Which means Sunday funday ! Live music at 5 and beer specials:)
Happy Founders Day !!
#wangotango is where it's at!!!!
I was enchanted to meet you
What would you do today if you knew that you couldn't fail?
To all my friends #BELIEBERS - much love for you girls!
Hope the midnight breakfast was enjoyed by all !
you'll get used to it soon, promise. you can always still run the old search on the homepage in the "I'm interested in" area
Nice! But I must be hungry cause I was totally expecting french fries when I clicked your tweet.
(c.) sometimes I think they just said that to hit me
Is Wordpress is too robust for you? There is a great CMS called Unify. Review coming soon. Included free with our designs!
Nice space. Noel studio.
Well hey there!
When did Jay Leno get a mustache? hahaha
4 and 3 for Ducks. HUGE play!
Call a contractor you can trust Mr.D's painting has been serving San Diego county for over 25 years At Mr.D's"We Love to Paint" 619-562-5848
Is this the season finale for The Mentalist? O.o
RT Is a healthy Marcus McNeill a better talent? >>> Yes. But as healthy as 2 years ago unrealistic. Neck injuries no joke.
nah, you?
ET WAS REAL
This nap gave me an awful headache.
did they find out who took it
how u been. Whats new
Yes! I like both designs! Do that! You're so creative, Kristen!
keep sending her messages and sometimes she will reply to you
You so fresh to death and sick ca-cancer
Yes, thanks for asking! Continue the great work!
"Honestly" is now playing on ! Thank you, Romeo! A job well done, Beautiful Freaks! :)
Woop woop volleyball in gym class! You know what that means! #amyhannahbraid!
Is the speed limit slower up here, or did time just slow down?
i think ill look for a job now...dam
I've found a reason for me, to change who I used to be, a reason to start over new & the reason is you.
Love to eat cake for breakfast. I love a good coffee cake too
Shiot it's chilly in la!
people are saying that is preganat ????? i hope selena is not pregnant!?!? she's only 19 and god hates that
Ashamed to say this, but #ZacEfron looks pretty dec in #TheLuckyOne. Pretty dec.
Dunkin donuts and/or Starbucks on every corner.
If it was easy, everyone would do it! Sounds like 2011 for me! Be safe tonight
i am now!
Congrats to "I'll have another" Derby winner & early candidate for winner of "Understatement of the year"
Hail, thunder, torrential rain. Madison is a city that has it all! It's 9:30am and it's completely pitch black on the east side of Madison.
sorry on behalf of us memphians lol
random guy in kush's apartment
takeover all day 2day
Drunken vomiting is actually a pretty good way to control your weight.
Thank you , Drew and from for coming out.
Right! Political signs are not to be in public right of way
Sounds like something my husband would say! :)
Such beauty. Such talent. I hope one day to meet you and discuss literature.
Those Blackburn fans couldn't over take Liliput with that storming of the pitch. Weak sauce.
Cheers ! Celebrating BB Otero and 25 years of excellent work Centronía provides to the community with
Pitchers ballpark?
think of it like Facebook & foursquare mashed together. You "check in" for things relating to media. E.g. I'm watching ____
How to celebrate Shabbat in a 24/7 world? JLI Oasis in Time begins at Chabad GA on Wed May 11. Register at www.myjli.com
Arizona heat wave and monsoon humidity ugh. Good day to stay in with the air conditioning and my crafting materials.
Chunky A RT : QOTD: What artist from the past, dead or alive, would you like to see come back for one more performance?
Jus because i dnt like you dnt mean im fake
Thanks for the follow! Being a Veterans wife I am proud to be followed by you!
you're welcome! :) but isn't it like way late over there??
i guess it's just a waste of time with him, so im thinking i gotta move on to the next...
It's game time! I got my popcorn & I'm all comfty on my couch waiting for the game!
Here we go again!!! Clarissa's & victor's wed!!!.
At Buca to grab some grub before the festivities.
Was Nice Meeting You Saturday :) Can U Refollow Me? [:
Thank Jim you wasted a great pitching performance from Fister
"Adopt the pace of nature, her secret is patience", Ralph Waldo Emerson. Here at Musicwood we need to take a leaf out of his book.
Peacefully taking in my train ride to downtown, knowing there more out for all of us wondering why we don't choose to do something about it.
love meeting with my brian trust
Another great
RT : It's the last day of #wistatefair! Last chance to get some food #onastick! Come and get your deep fried fix and brew
While its better for #Scorpio to talk things out, others might be put off by the intensity of their thoughts & emotions via
"You are on an adventure, travelling on the highway of life." Yay for fortune cookies :)
We are playing in Venice Beach tonight at the Good Hurt. Get us your name and we will put you on the list. :)
I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I'll go to it laughing.
Athazagoraphobia- Fear of being forgotton or ignored
had a dream that nancy gave me her own iPad for free as a gift!! subconscious desires. so generous, that , even in dreamland!
I like the subtle idea in a design. Hopefully the design generated a positive response!
#life is a #bitch because if it was a #slut it'd be easy!
ay man i need like 2 of these joints of this tape. nbs
Nothing to tweet about.
what you like ma
Well, I thought Bubba missed his chance, but maybe I was mistaken.
2 philosophers can have differing views, neither one can definitively prove the other wrong but basic logic can still favor one, ie Austrian
Follow my list please ^^
: "then we could be a sponsor :)” -- we could at least get him a Zarbo sticker and some recovery fruit :)
that's super weird lol
I am at Sarah Shaws event and Mike books is hillarious
Another wild Thursday Night in the books! Senor rocked the house- pretty ladies dancin' everywhere! Until next time <3 Dick's
that's one of my favorite hypotheticals from undergrad
HAVE YOU NOTICED THAT I DIDN'T COPY YOUR ENGLISH HOMEWORK THIS WEEKEND?!
. Digitization needs to include participatory element, enhancement of place, etc.
late booking discounts available for selected dates in November and December 2011, please contact us for details
sounds right to me
really?! thanks for the heads up--i'll let you know how it goes! ps hope the baby shower was excellent
morning again so tired it is 7 now but i got to go to a stage to day going to be fun lol hey hey hey
Hydrate. Gotta hydrate when you're Sizzlin'.
I want to see your show
witty posts
25 point run, but who's counting in this shootout? Whoever has least cramps wins...
I like to say "dreamt," not "dreamed," and "learned," not "learnt."
Home of Denver's only all nude dessert show! Penthouse Key Girls covered in chocolate, whipped cream and possibly cherries.
not sure if API's are that big on my radar . . . had to work with it for a previous client, but good info nonetheless. Thankyou
drink popov then pop off?
Happy pride to all! Looks like you've got good weather for a parade.
Will be in Southern California tomorrow! I can't be any more excited, it's going to be 75 degrees all weekend!
this is too true... although I'm sure you support it ;)
hi miss how r u
Ft. Lauderdale is good for my health. Or it isn't. It's hard to tell at this point.
when you get to 100,000 I'm gonna unfollow you cracka
The boys are back! #BrewCrew RT: “: Just landed in the (chilly) MKE...uber pumped to get back to Miller Park! See you in 2 Days!"
. Especially when you have Chuck Todd sitting at Eric Cantor's table.
Sometimes it just feels like we are headed in two different directions...and sometimes i feel like u kinda want to leave me behind
What are you talking about? Nice to see you on the twitter. :)
This urban crust place is 3 stories and there's a bar at the top !!! And they serve pizza
well we think you are pretty cool! :)
glad to hear you like em, we may be offering them for sale soon.
Thank you Zues! I get to go to bed at a decent hour tonight!
I was your 770 follower #Proud thanks for the follow ;)
On a Don Bluth/mouse animated movie kick
So what are you doing tonight? Calculus! #RealNerds XD
“: Highkey the squad's become a brotherhood. U can see the difference from beginning of the year until now! love my bros #Ubuntu”
Now that I've read the Hunger Games my students think I'm cool
But if this goes through don't expect us to re-sign Soliai.
Carolyn Haywood was born on January 3, 1898. This Philadelphia native authored and illustrated over 47 books, including the 'Betsy' series.
“ If I wrote you a love letter would you write back?”
dropped Church Clothes the mixtape!!!
What's up y'all!
McRaeCreative will donate 10% of any new business booked in January to the Red Cross.
*awkward glance*
Tummy ache, so I'm staying in and watching JHutch interviews yum.
I am so NOT a morning person & there isn't enough coffee if the world to disguise the fact that this is a Monday.
When your dad comes home and starts bitching <<<<<< uhm no
then pounce.
Yo , did you get my e-mail about Saucesome sponsoring the MOKB taco party next year?
IU Health, Marion Co. Public Health Dept. and Positive Link are a few of the great sponsors who help to make the #INAIDSWALK happen. Thanks!
ZUZU IS OPEN AND SERVING HOT! FRESH MEXICAN FOOD COME AND SEE US.
Yay Florida bound tomorrow morning!!!!!
is getting ready for her birthday party!
Why did the Philharmonic disband? Excessive sax and violins
"I don't do drugs. I am drugs." Salvador Dali
What's in a name? that which we call a rose. By any other name would smell as sweet; - --- Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet
Today we want to hear from you guys about events going on in the area that everyone should know about!
Love that outfit!
Consider me gone.. (;
Remember when you went through your baseball cards saying "don't know him, don't know him" That's the lineup today.
There's only one more thing I have to say ... Welcome to good burger , home of the good burger . Can I take your order ? *Cheesy smile*
Hot chocolate on a cold dreary night studying organic >>>>
Co worker just pissed in a.bucket
Owww HOOOOOTTTTTTT dang let the bad luck begin
EVOLUTION HOMES ...
Thanks for the spoiler!! West Coast
tell me about it my dog is shaking and hiding in bath tub sedated him which I hate to do seems to finally work(:
Got a B on my Calc AB Free Response.
Please follow me? I love your Videos on YouTube!<3
Look, if you still have curves, you shouldn't even sweat what people say.
I loved it for that reason, too (I'm a former art major). Everything's always so much more appealing with a picture!
A wise man said dont argue with fools...cause people from a distance cant tell who is who.
You should give me that Wednesday-Tuesday trade.. Let your litto friend watch the heat game and sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><U+2764>
Oh no. I won't be here when it comes to the Frazier. CURSES!
dont feel bad its funny
You know who everyone really wants to perform the Superbowl halftime show? Betty White.
RT : “: When is the last time you took a chance on a young leader? Someone took a chance on you.”
Any English or Scots out there that will converse with a Yank?
im proud of youu, what an amazing song! #TurnToYou #WeLovePattie you have been given the greatest gift ever!
I’m so proud of my husband! He said to me today “I really love this job. I think I can do this for the rest of my life” #doit!
:) my dad is midget owner so would you be interest driving 2 race at indianapolis and ohio in the summer?
Possibly a slap on the ass with cupping too.
great idea! sorry for the unfollow. have to respect my followers
We are now on Facebook! Check us out.
woo hoo! x
If you ever call fans on New Year's Eve again next year, would love to chat, former radio announcer, myself :)
Books about kids chewing? #SLPeeps I've seen healthy eating kids books but not much else :-( Help!
Every thing looks boring. I guess ill watch some Friends.
In a blink of an eye, God’s magnificence and power can resurrect your situation. Look up and believe! Be Encouraged!
To be honest me and my ex are still good friends
“: That awkward moment when you see twins fighting and one of them calls the other ugly.”
Does anyone use a great task assignment system at work that ISN'T email?
Think a virtual jury could happen? # of ppl who watched every sec of the trial and posts from verdict make me think yes.
had quite the full moon day today...anyone else have a day like that?
spa at the del Monte, facial with Jenni. Well worth it.
"As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do."
#ThatAwesomeMnt when your riding on a mini bus in full #HungerGamesAttire W/ your english class.
Happy Birthday beloved of God! Have the best day ever!!
Kenny Anderson sighting on mikedup. Memories of the 80's.
interviewing tonight, super pumped! Get ready for the full launch of the site later this week.
The goal wasn't to be a millionaire or to be a Hollywood star. --James Earl Jones
YOLO You Obviously Love Oreos
Im dangerous with the # sign now...
hahaha thats cause i never see you guys!
Angry. Angry. Angry. Annoyed.
#HIRING a HIGH ENERGY self starter SENIOR #ACCOUNTANT in Clearwater send me your resume
Maybe bc you slept on the couch and there are 87 empty beds here.
an wont let you see it until tomorrow. ;)
ohh PLEASE DO!!!!!
Dont blame my friends for something i wanted to do, and text them saying i cant go anywhere with them.
I had the chance to meet and interview Olympian Lopez Lomong. He's living in Portland area and training for London. Such an inspiration!
Hamilton pulled a quad Tuesday night in Baltimore...
May your neighbors respect you, trouble neglect you, angels protect you, and heaven accept you.
YES! RT : Q4: Sharing images, video from events post-event can also help build new SM connections
If karma is real Abe Vigoda will outlive Rupert Murdoch by a decade or three.
loves Justin Bieber. Follow her Justin Bieber lovers.
Keri Hulme~ Its the possibility that when youre dead you might still go on hurting that bothers me.
RT Off to Paris to conduct research on art, world-class parks, and underground public spaces. Ideas for ?
YOU'RE TELLING ME TO LET HIM GO BUT YOU AREN'T GIVING ME A REASON TO. STOP TESTING US & DO SOMETHING ALREADY. GO AHEAD GET MAD AT ME. IDC.
Got Tickets &Back Stage Passes to concert<3#exited<3
I essentially hate everything about teeth cleaning. I mean that in a holistic way. As in really everything.
That's too funny! Good thing it didn't get stuck on the ice!
The polls are now closed in all of the #IN02. Thank you to everyone who voted today to !
Follow 4 of Our Senior Company Girl's In Destined Dollz . , , & (:
But then again the weather channel be lien sometimes..
kings respect other kings while peasants do nothing but envy..
You'll never find a better sparring partner than adversity. -Walt Schmidt
#AskAlexConstancio why wont you follow me? ): ...
All you can do is support me and hope for the best. At the end of the day its
RT : I think two things can unify all of the Smithsonian's work: geospatial information, and gaming.
That's some good sports information right there
I think last fall's freak dog accident moved my septum. I hope are ready for show and tell :p
I agree with that, RACIST TO THE CORE.but Obama is about to go hard trust and believe..He play chess while they play checkers
In good ole hickory. where you at
I think I'm jus gonna go to sleep
Way to go NY Knicks!
Fun celeb sighting this am:Felicity Huffman and William Macy
I love getting drum lessons from Reo. dude makes me think out of the box that will effect everything I do artistically.
Join us for a day of service in celebration of Earth Day on Saturday, April 24th. Visit outwardbounddenver.org for more info...
Happy Mothers Day
Two auditions tomorrow an hour apart in the same building. That never happens, going to book 'em both!
Not impressed with Apple's new OS Lion. I for one am looking forward to their next OS incarnation. OS Tabby.
Dancing in the aisles here for the Cuban-Jewish All-Stars (or is it Samba?)
She's the only one on my twitter who has a color.
Have a great time at Mojave Oasis! We'll be there next year. :-) Looking forward to your photos.
: jeeze u too stop! Ur like my teenagers!
You looking beautiful and you are universal girl
The most essential factor, persistence: determination never to allow your enthusiasm to be dampened by the discouragement that must come.
Well put. Enjoy this one.
just made pear and pecan upside-down cake. With all of my free time baking is becoming a new hobby of mine!
Valentine's Day is for losers! :) chillin
Restless yet restful.
Early mornings suck
#10fbtips use woobox- it helps create application where you can include a redirect link.
what movie are you watching?? :)
That awkward moment when a persons laugh is funnier than the joke.
DAMNIT Vanessa & Ralph! Why do SA teams get so close and then LOSE?!
Goodnight. This better be some of the best 5 hours of sleep ever.
OK, my argument is, as said previously, you can do both of these in a film at the same time credibly.
Thanks for the follow! @ chai_haiku
OMG Thank you so much for this fantastic tip!!! My life just got easier! Kudos
Fake friends just wanna know your business to tell your business.
lmao =) u late
having the best girly vacay with Rachel!
Is there a way to make it so comment replies appear just below the comment they pertain to? Comment replies end up out of order
I just now discovered Billy Joel at the tender age of 34.
Man, Polish Adam has been popping up in my timeline is weekend and he's been saying some amazingly stupid stuff. Even by his standards.
Every time uses the word Customer, he capitalizes it - to signify priority. It sends msg to everyone.
Thanks for the smiles! Smiles and hearts right back at you!
#robertsfreaky .. super freaky!(;
My goal this week is to listen to everyday.
Bye!:] *BUSY FOR THIS DAYS!* See ya later!;)
popped off again last night! Join us on Thursday Nights @ QBar in Hotel #Albuquerque!
Teacher: Why is the Mississippi such an unusual river?Pupil: Because it has four eyes and can't see!
It took me four months, but I finally taught myself how to climb onto this damn chair that Billy put at the computer.
VEE CAN FIT HER MOUTH AROUND MY BOOB!!!
At avon high school with What?
Friendship goes two ways. Not one
I couldn't agree more! Just releasing something you feel so deeply is very powerful.
First Say Anything, now Pet Sematary...my childhood is speaking to me. Mandy, is that you?
I need a tan.
The amazing Elizabeth Smart wore wedges & a red bag during her talk at Youth Eastside Services fundraiser.
i see youre slowly crawling back to the social networking world.
“Things are so different these days as the worlds of museums and galleries keep getting closer and closer.” - John Elderfield
thanks. How are you doing?
Its Better To Be; Homless & Loved Than, Rich & Hated....
#WorstBreakUpExcuses I like you a lot, so I'm letting you go.
I'm sure they are designed for places that have at the door valet parking. ;)
THIS!!!!!!!! RT : “: I hate fighting with the one person I want to talk with the most.” :) hate it! Lol
I had a dream that my closet was full of 2% milk. I swear I dream the weirdest stuff.
5k I love you..
Thanks for the shout out. I've recently discovered and your work on MET. Trying it out. So far so good!
Growing my Hair out.
We gone be choppin all night!!!
SHe fine she mine ask her w ass t size she wur she'll tell u 9
. As I see it, it's not that they aren't speaking truth as making choices about which truth to speak
Hello ma'am...How have you been?
Celebrating my 120th follower with Thanks !
you need to learn communication ..before you get yourself hurt
Cool, the gale group offers mp3 files of journal articles. DL'ing J or Med Speech Lang Path mp3s
and who is really funding them?
Great lunch with my buddy. Nice way to break up the week!
makeup makes my heart happy...
"Go PUCK yourself!" -John Cena
Listening to Snowville Creamery's Warren Taylor talk about sustainable agriculture, dairy and business.
Wonder is oomf talking bout me
#Dog nose prints are as rare as human finger prints and can be used to identify them
nice change of pace from weekend blackouts?
What time is it? It's
Mitt Romney talking to the NRA. Did someone spy on my nightmares recently?
c u tomorow at skewl have fun and i no wat i needed at pe but now i hav it it was ur adres i dont have and ur fon # i have
We really enjoyed the texts from Hillary tumblr...sad to see it go!
damn bro, who passed?
No sir, not me!!!! #pause /rossvoice RT ": lol fag"
Somebody bout 2 get a beat down
A little over a week ago Kanye West announced that he would be remixing the (infectious) track "I Don't Like" from Chica
Spain is amazing! Wish I had more time to spend here, but excited for France. Life is good!
you've reached the max amount of comments for the giveaway! :( sad!!
awesome day
Reggie Miller and Don Nelson selected to #NBA #HOF still no Johnny Most so sad
Haha, I bet your ass would have been scared too!
me either!
Being excited that you have a jar of peanut butter to go with your pretzel chips at 1:20 in the morning...
Hallelujah! On to the House flr for the final vote on #civilunions followg tortuous, malicious #GOP footdragging
Whoa! is *packed* here !! I'm guessing it's that one day sale... :)
I want to see Germany before I lose my eyes 0.0 :) thats the 2nd time you said kids. More than one? ~~~~rich
Yeah. That part does suck.
So, now that my study guide is done, I don't want to actually study it.
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.28
Hey Frank, thanks for the follow.
Brie, Have you found a place in DC yet? You looking to rent or buy? I can definitely help you out! --Aaron
Me or you?
brainstorms with students, gets them to use index. Also takes pics in library to explain citations.
Anyone in #Boston planning something fun for #4sqday? Would love to be involved!
Are you going to be in San Diego mid-June? Love wine? Mark calendar for June 10 Wine & Roses Charity Wine Tasting & Sale at
Hey, who's a really big fan out there? i have a special surprise...be ready...SOON
Good Morning, World!
thankx imma hit ya email up!
A skeleton walks into a bar and says "Bartender I'll have a beer... and a mop"
Follow me Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating ;P
"If I make a million dollars a week and the average American earns a thousand dollars a week, then when I spend twenty thousand dollars on …
I would love to see that debate.
he's the resident douche here. Took over for Mariotti.
#dndnext The "Take 10" of auto kicking in a door with DC13 on Str 15 makes the math go wonky unless the increase the ability bonuses.
Happy Monday everyone!
Okay up early in the morning... Good morning time to get my day started goin jogging <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
oh i know why, BECAUSE OF YOU! jerk.
You judged him, and he proved you wrong. Tell him he isnt worth it, and watch where he ends up. #Mahomie<3
I've been spammed by LAP Lambert Academic Publishing for an article already committed to another publisher
I respect how u rep ur team sis
We shld be body 2 body
bad times.
S/o my bro salute!!
Student poetry reading starts in 1 hour in our East Rotunda! Refreshments served. Sponsored by UCLA's Journal of the Arts, Westwind.
Stranded outside my house because I have no keys. So I went to buy a Viet Sub. Yummy!
I will SASS at my own discretion. TYVM. Psshaw, I would eat all the cupcakes.
After Katrina the phones didn't work - I used MySpace and Facebook to find a job, an apartment, people...
i dont have computer smarts lol
great hearing your talk today at close playing panel! Looking forward to the Wii book!
I do admit taking citrus for granted before moving east. My lemon tree was producing the equivalent of $50/week here
Learn to act without perfect information. #bigomaha (Applies to more than entrepreneurship!)
now that you're home get some rest! you probably need it :)
Looked beautiful tonight. Hope you are having a great time.
is at work. What a busy night! Doesn't like that isn't up front! Not liking the arrangements on Friday nights anymore haha
Rise n grind..if your following me, theirs no reason why your not following
Insane double play by Minnesota!
Is there some sort of grand opening or something in downtown #vanwa or jantzen beach #pdx tonight? there's a #searchlight up. curious
the only thing that lessens the pain is the guy I dropped him for is Allen Craig. I should've dropped Dee Gordon instead
Yea baby do that dance...
That's also the name of Paula Dean's future post-mortem biopic.
Omfg i saw you and you didn't even tell me!
My baby got me over here blushing && shxt. Ain't that bout a bxtch ; I don't blush. Hmph! ^_^
rocks the braids! I want to be his drinking buddy.
Good morning tweety birds!
My show at Bunganut Pig for tonight is cancelled. But come to The Bluebird Cafe on Friday, May 20th, for the early round!!
i can't post to this thing!
Blueberry donuts >>>
I'm loving the new picture.....its awesome
nite nite all I am exhausted.... everyone have a blessed night!
Planning to check out your show tomorrow night at the #dcimprov Keep an eye out for me!!
And here comes the legalize #marijuana bit..."greatest danger is war on drugs, More than the drugs themselves"
one direction all the way and u know it
its the people who are far from perfect that change and make a relationship worth it
ayee mami im following you now. my bad i been slipping. hey yal follow her she da baddest whyte gurl we got in da 3d follow her
need more followers please thanks love ya
Just bit my tongue
yes I will right now- thanks!
haha yeaa so did you ever figure out your favorite color . ?
. The Romneys are tone deaf, condescending, entitled morons. Neither of them are very likeable.
coconut m&ms and trail mix should not be sold without a warning label #highlyaddictive eat with #caution!
Yes, but what can we do. :(
Front porch lookin out
alrite nice to see u too
Corporations are not people, and money is not speech..
"America was not built on labors of the cynic nor the critic" Col Steve Russell at
Hey! Does your diet have directions I can peruse? :)
Shit Talkers Don't Phase Me
If someone can tell me why and I have gotten 10+ subscribers in a day you get an e-cookie
Going to start following some authors
Things turn out the best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Oh. Well then yes, of course.
no, he doesn't like pictures, that's why he's always hiding!
If I tell you that I'm married you still don't have the right to ask me to dinner at the damn DFAC! UGH
So apparently tomorrow is the finale of Fashion Star.. Where am I? Who am I? What year is it? WHAT DOES IT ALL MEAN?
Only recently discovered muesli, now most breakfasts have it in some form.
We're going to be in Virginia (Blacksburg + Richmond) over the next two weeks. Hit us up if you're building cool stuff!
you are so cute hah (: I'm watching Degrassi now :p
We train you to make your own lace wigs and/or packs of 100% human hair for sale. Go to www.drwiggys.com or email
Twitter attempt #2! Let's see how this goes...
I can't wait til school's over. Then I can move the fuck out & be with :/
I just got this huge urge to do an RP. Why is this happening STOP
I love the Spurs work ethic!! as soon as they found out who they were facing they went to practice
Thanks very much! We're happy to oblige and appreciate your patience.
starks has put this team on his back. He's big time right now
Ate something I'm allergic to almost died no big deal
who am I to judge?
does only WIAC winner qualify or can two go i think two can go correct
MY CRACKHEAD UNCLE....... THERE'S 1 IN EVERY FAMILY IS IN POST PRODUCTION ! IM HAVING LOTS OF SLEEPLESS NIGHTS! WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM
Some people grumble because roses have thorns, I am thankful that thorns have roses. - Jean-Baptiste Alphonse Karr
I know your rap and I'm gonna Kik it to you fool
Be more radical; spend more time understanding the other point of view. These are not exclusive.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: It's legal for anyone to record your conversation if you are speaking to them - be mindful as you interact!
Olive Garden , yum !.
Never had this much trouble parking in my neighborhood before. I dint know what to do.
Ha HA! Workout kicked my butt and I kicked BACK!! Awesome, killer workout. :-)
Salmon Creek Little League got to play their first game at the new Luke Jensen Sports Park in Hazel Dell! Very exciting!
So should I just blatantly blast you on here?
Being elite at one spot can cover some pretty severe weaknesses at other spots.
I'm an embarrasing boyfriend.
I've got to say 'no' to the good so I can say 'yes' to the best. - Zig Ziglar
This clippers n grizzlies best series in the 1st round
Who wants some details about Amurica Fest Part II?
Ice cream all around. Congrats!
#truth: Holy See: "There is no such thing as a safe abortion."
Amen, sister!
Excited for the May 8 panel w/ Christine Pelosi in Sacto - "Is Democracy too Slow?" Our fantastic co-host/partner:
Tonight the 9pm-1am fashion party in nyc is the thor lounge inside the hotel on rivington.
sad but true
Finally realistically talking about going abroad.
Take their money.
Decaf? Probably not. This place is nuts.
What a day this has been! Some highs and lows, but thankful that God allowed me and YOU to see this day. GN tweeps!
Anyone out there cut the cord on cable? Thinking of trading in cable for , , & Wife'll need some convincing.
Bought SPY Oct PUTS at .67, lots of selling eod. Enjoy the rest of your day everyone!
I want school to be over summer needs to come faster...22 more days of school for ME.
Yes we're so devastated!
Working on some ad possibilities for inside finishing magazine. www.brausse.com
hut sut raw
Feel like a diva having to sleep with an eye mask on
I hate everyone in my school. Every single one of you.
I hate it when people leave me voicemails. Ugh. Cause the little.notification thing NEVER goes away until I listen to it...
of course you do! It's yours.
Oh, I forgot to tell you last week I used to be a mailman. Don't know why I didn't bring it up.
Wow....I guess 24 hour news stations have to fill their time somehow.
few days without appetite + few more days of walking and jogging= slimmer, trimmer naomi! #breakupsarefun!
Goodnight tweethearts <3 love my hubby n kids
“: Listening to someone's story and thinking “lie, lie, lie, bullsh*t, lie, lie, lie and lie"”
I LOOOOVEE AUSTIN!
Depends on how ur files are set up. My guess is you have a folder called "erinronder.com" that has each of your web page files.
Ami Saraiya's cd release party was a huge success. Hooray for music!
RT RT : R.I.P Whitney Houston; one of the greatest musical talents to grace this Earth.
"A good plan vigorously executed right now is far better than a perfect plan executed next week." -General George Patton
- Rodgers is just ridiculous though - he's good for 30pts every game. Tebow had only 6pts till 3 mins in the 4th. here I come 1-6
Talking to my crush on the phone :)
I sometimes wonder when should I just contact and terminate a dead-weight project? 8-12 weeks?
Hahaha I know...it's weird...and of course I am! Are you?
Sub Rosa => Under the rose, secretly or in confidence
you should have #maang access now
I blame God given luck for helping CJ Watson with that shot
Houston Hoops sending positives for a W
i mean.. i am going to jamaica on sunday??
PickUpLine: Hi. I'm like a tropical island: hot, wet, and waiting for tourists.
Learning yoga. I already can tell I'm going to bite off all my fingernails before all star break, so I'll need some backups.
(1/2) the ONLY correlation between concussions & suicide than can be drawn is IF it's later found out that CONCLUSIVELY...
Oh God, there's some sort of sewage backup at work. Noxious fumes. X_x
we know u r more bummed. Even though we "own" you :) j/k thanks for a great season Crab, the fans appreciate the crap out of u
Sudden urge to eat manicotti in bed...
Huge Beer League Softball Game
RT : Walla Walla wins the fifth set vs MHCC,15-13. They advance to the championship game Sunday at 3pm.
Thank you!
...She's got '2 turn-tables and a microphone'...; that would be Kerry / on at 8am, hosting, 'Memphis Mystery Train'! lp
Thanks for the RT!
lmao, You're so dumb. (x
so basically i love my job.
thanks to everyone who was at last night's .NET User Group meeting--the big crowd was much appreciated
Shakespeare had long hair, a single gold earring, and pointy beard. He was rock ‘n’ roll before it was even invented!
nice love the pink on u :-)
regretful is what i currently am at this moment, for having yesterday missed and the chance i had was lost in the potential celebration of..
MANTRA # 5 - NEVER BE THE "PENCIL IN" BITCH
Taron got me over here sick.
gotta start somewhere
Either you run the day or the day runs you. - Jim Rohn
haha i was screaming, crying, fangirling, and just to much emotions!
BREAKING NEWS: is an official sponsor of #bloodybrunch holiday bash on 12/19! Yay! Check them out & thank them for donating!
Great basketball on tonight. Thunder vs Celtics and Lakers vs Mavericks
no reason to be a dick a out it they are in middle school and one of them is my sister, so watch it
It's such an awesome flavor combination. Enjoy!
Haha there's no way it should take that long!
He's still a professional arbitrator, so likely (unfortunately for us) nothing at all.
Gin is better than vodka. Vodka is a chicken breast and gin is a sirloin steak. I personally like red wine...which is red wine.
I just read Night sins and still waters. I have thin line and dust to dust. i am going to buy all of your books! i absolutely
R.I.P punk legend Poly Styrene. 1st Ari Up & now this? Oh my grrls ya gotta stay strong!
Hey Bishop Michael - great to find you in here & hoping all is well with you!
Page likes.
"Tell me who you slept with." Me "NO! He was an accident. TWICE. Let's just call him 'double oops.'" Night out
Good luck Scotty
Well, I sent you an invite anyways, you better accept it, and get on the damn
Suggestions... Are just another way of wanting someone else to make decisions for you.
Ah! :O today is the day! :D
if i broke my laptop i am screwed!!!
I know exactly where you are! It *is* a basement ... and a great one at that! Get the Chili Frito Pie!
Love is like a pizza, if it goes bad its still pretty good :)
I wish I had another jalapeno hot dog.. ish was good.
Preparing for Linda & John's Wedding on July 9th, finalizing all the last minute details....
And I thought I put in late hours. Is there any midnight oil left after last night? What's next? How can we help?
Seriously, can I fire Ellis yet?!
I thank God for success which brings problems....in any journey u will make few happy and a lot mad...At the end of day it's u and God
there's an interesting new ombre look that we've seen lately... light at the roots & dark at the ends!
Audition #5 with Adson Sondre with and ! This has been a great weekend of auditions!
Did you know the FDA voted against the artificial sweetener, Asparatame 3 times? Reason cited: it was linked to brain tumors!
his lips are dropping honey, but he'll stingg you like a bee.
Does anyone wanna go to the summer kick off concert with me....
Bring your mug and get free joe at Starbucks, celebrating earth day!
Hahaha! RT : Oh, you have a $500 car and a $3,500 sound system? Teach me how to properly budget and allocate my money like you do.
:...& , Angel's Cabana, Lardo... re: Best Food Carts
Listen in to AM @ 3:35PM TODAY. is going 2 b on. He'll talk football & matters. Woohoo. :)
you figure out how to use this thing yet?
That's too true. And you only need one stupid idiot to drink too much to wind up suing everyone.
b/c it's not a good short or long term football move? Or b/c it's not their style?
Since it's #nationalbestfriendday, I must declare that I have the most beautiful best friend in the world.
off to walmart we go!
That's great! I discovered new levels of beauty in depths of compassion while in Haiti. Hope to get pics & stories up soon
Welcome "anna's big sis"! :D R U Joining SpreeCast Chat 2night!! Registration starts 2night!
COOL pandora ads. Acting like I give a number 2
I also produce/direct music videos, commercials, TV, promos and new media content.
Enjoy the Bluff City!! (waves)
im supposed to be scared? Lol you need to choke Lamont since he a freshman again
Movie recommendation is the horror "28 Days Later"
Ask about our Valentine's Day Specials!!
oh my god me too!!! AAAHHHHHHH!!
Need a Color Seal fresh Grout? Let us show you the solution
In Sugata Mitra's talk he mentioned that if a teacher can be replaced by a computer, than the teacher should be. I agree!
thx as u probably figured, I am just so busy...
Allegro Dance Company will be at Wheeling Jesuit University on April 2 Sat. Come out and support the company !
I always feel better when I hear from him <U+E056> Cant wait til he comes back from Oakland <U+E424> *does happy dance*
You've obviously lost all sight of the point of this conversation.
nothing wrong with going a little retro bro. Nothing wrong.
#shitdigitalhumanistssay I was working on digital humanities projects before it was called digital humanities
seriously you look gorgeous in the picture.
I love my twitter friends.
Using just the 7 tangram pieces, you can create 100's of different pictures and shapes
This Single Bella is #Online who missed me
fyi, the twitter link on the top right of your site isn't a link, just a picture. Also: cool site :)
How can you not love ? Check out the great interview in progress
#ToMyUnbornChild be prepared to have some epic friends, family, and pets like ur Madre :3
Your house?
no one knows until folks say it. But it's not like she has any more to lose than Obama. Just sayin.
thanks Becky, your vote counts. we can vote as many times as you want. i know i got to #3 already, so, #1 is around the corner
u should get me a shirt
The Linguini This side-by-side canoodle creates incredible friction for him because your thighs are so close together.
Who doesn't have plans for tonight? This girl.
The OST Perm team is looking for both Financial Analysts and Finance Managers for spots in Newark, Delaware. Referrals are welcome. Thx.
Poverty is not just a social issue...it's a mentality. Cure the mind...change the world!
oh I can do it well.(;
follow me bacc son I need more followers
haha! Omg! She's adorable!!! :).. I love her eyes and face! :)
Work time
Duchesse is one of my favs but the sours make me weak & cause me to be less critical....because I love the style!
Oh. And then I just saw your whole exchange about it.
#6v81 question for everyone: why is it called "capital"? how is it similar to other types of capital?
Back downtown 2morrow 2nd & Lafayette. We'll bring eats, u bring appetite.
We're about to hit the air: first ever Timbers MLS television broadcast.
Draft articles of war Now!
Don't jump the gun. Wait until you hear "the rest of the story" :) you might like it......
Happy #MothersDay to NECB mothers and moms everywhere. Hope your day is relaxing!
It's official...better start learning nanji desu-ka
Summer officially started yesterday, great time to cook at home, what are you cooking today to keep your family healthy?
A&M is a traitor! Hope they will be the door mat of the SEC.
yeah, Drexel prof name dropped Toby. You got a crowd shout out after that.
yes :).. I was about to go buy like three pairs of thick boots! Lol
I'm using Corona for a project but I like Moai's design better. I'm concerned that the documentation is weak
Im getting an error when i try and create a new list. it tells me to refresh and try again...then still doesn't work
little sandwiches and cheesecake bites!
RT “: #Fact consuming more calories than you burn causes weight gain, which is independent of the time of day consumed”
My brother is still being a dick so I'll continue to ignore him!
How proud are you of austin out of 100000000000000000000?? (:
LOL! No lie!
you coming to Minneapolis soon? We would love to have you on ! Publicist's info please?
It's crazy how you can go months or years without talking to somebody, and they still cross your mind everyday.
your photo of the East Mountain just got me really excited for my annual trip to WMMR weekend with friends & fam. See u thurs.!
": MANSION PARTY is tonight. #Next2Naked, *drinks, *strippers, *2 levels, *Private rooms & More! - 5051 River Rd, Ellenwood 9pm pi."
not much, you?
Thinking about buying refurbished Macbook Air. Anyone have experience with Apple refurbished products?
happy mother's day!
I'm really feeling Honey Cocaine !
Hey #genblue, hope to see u all tonight at the closing party with my new wave crew!
just for that, I am going to secretly place it on your laptop's screensaver.
when u get there will u tell ne my schedule lol
Luckily, that's the only thing Walker's good at.
Wings Retaliate with goal by Merrill in the closing minutes of the first quarter.
I hate you everyday
Al was right,it was about getting shots for Melo.Hope D'Antoni has the guts to sit Melo and A'Mare.Trade A'Mare for Josh Smith!!!!
nice blog by the way. Hope you follow back
lol what movie?
Unrequited crush on Medea Benjamin?
i don't understand your love for me either
Driving to Carrollton. ETA 9:26 AM using Waze - Drive Social
We start guitars, tonight!
Happy Better Do The Perfect Thing For Your Wife Or Girlfriend, Or Risk Losing Her Forever Day!
i was trying to not be biased myself, lol. long-winded answers are great, but i like what she said in a few words.
I am a huge Denver Broncos fan. And i am glad they are getting rid of Tebow and getting Manning. Manning >>>>>> Tebow
Had a great time at the Kony's last night.
Nothing like closures inside of anonymous inner functions to make the brain hurt. Of course Javascript has nothing on LISP ...
I will just go ahead and assume she does the famous tongue sticking out as you, yes?
Never UNDER ESTIMATE YOURSELF !!
#middleschoolmemories Goin 2 Lakeside park nearby where teachers would instruct us all on how to fish.good times
AZ’s BIGGEST PARTY IS ON SATURDAY @ SKY LOUNGE DOWNTOWN!! 4 DJS IN THE MIX. FOR VIP OR TABLE RESERVATIONS CALL US AT (602)229-1110.
Indiana Jones and the Quest to Find Marcus in His Own Museum
Is is a big suprise or little? You can't seem to make up your mind?
thank you. We are blushing.
You suck at darts
definitely! Purely mind-blowing.
I feel some kind of wayy....
Twitter blast your state senators and reps @ 3 PM EST and ask them to
Really, it's that a couple of friends RT someone who is annoying (at least to me) & I'm wondering if this will fix the problem.
theres like a huge party on my birthday omg
Stop cyber bullying, poor girl is gonna end up hurting herself. This is how suicide victims are driven.
It is hot and sticky out
Daytona 500 now scheduled for 4pm today because of rain delays. The race will air live on Fox 12.
Solo really works best for me
haven't tweeted for days. missed it. but alas, work sometimes takes precedence, not even kept up with the news. i feel so out of the loop!
#twitterboo guess what....
Listen to me cunth!
& lots of literature, ads, etc to whip Walker voters into a frenzy so they actually go vote. Dems need GOTV in Milwaukee badly
it just took out the electricity!!! Go back home!!! Lol
how close was Payton and Williams in becoming coaches for the Pack? Could have been 'us'.....
Haha did you text her yet ? :)
thanks, I'll need it!
is back up, and nothing has been lost. Thank you to the team for working so hard to resolve that.
Hi there - glad to see you actually tweeted before you joined the flock:)
i hope u had fun on the scream tour and happy new year. im also srry for crying on u at te meet and greet yesterday lol
hey boobs! What are you up too?
yes it is how are we supposed to be getting sleep these 3 weeks! lol but yes 3 more weeks and we go back home <3
Human bowling ball with the carry
Hope everyone had a great weekend at Sheep to Blanket. We are closed today and will reopen on Thursday. See you then!
At some point, certainly. I don't think I'll get it first or second day, but soon. Or I'll watch it for options strategies.
Best 29 months I could ever ask for
they say in the sleep state..the brain thinks much more visually and intuitively....
Parenting tip 80: epic bicycle races on the telly knocks the little one out like a sack of roofies.
Pure is happening, its the place to be. via
But now that I get you, I now fear what it really was
haha whatever, but good one
#WooHoo is my new favorite phrase. Thank you for this great enlightenment:)<3
I've only been following for a couple days but you are killin it on twitter keep doing you! And maybe some other people too!
Alright! Sleep well! :) x
gunna redo my room what color should i paint? any ideas
I just went on YouTube to listen to some old songs and 's songs are still gone... :'(
you're right. Some of these situations are clearly the fault of the student.
90 degrees on May 5th in southern Illinois
Can't get ePub issues to stop buzzing around my head on wknd. Need a mental FocusFree-like program. Or better meditation practice.
MILEY IS THE ONLY QUEEN <U+2665>
I talked to Breathe Carolina and they've agreed to perform at your birthday celebration. Get excited.
Brainstorming session: "insurance is a downer and boring." New guy: "Let's make it funny. People will LOVE it!"
The more I look at that replay it sure is a double. Very close.
Learn from your parents' mistakes - They Came Up WITH YOU!! except
If I'm Darryl Sutter, I would just bench Dustin Brown for the rest of the game. Coyotes are on the prowl, someone's trying to end his career
or maybe thats just me? yeah, its me.
You are doing fine! Just tweet and put #LNYHBT if you want folks in here to see it. as well to talk to Sean.
NWST: #Seahawks GM John Schneider on Football and Life, on Matt Flynn and #SB46 & another surgery for #GregOden 930pm
sorry dude... You still thinking about the air force too?
Sea World San Diego did sell Divvies cookies though.
Back in NC!!! On the Agenda: NOTHING!!!!! Dam I miss NYC already!!! However, I may go to The Rock Shop in the Ville tomorrow night!!
On this Veteran's Day, we remember those brave men & women who have fought and are still fighting for our country and our freedom!
Happy Friday! Woot!
Cedar Creek Friends, I hope you had a good time. Lock up when you leave. I'm sleepy. Merry Christmas!
hehe...I just love that quote!
Springfield, MO.... Where amazing might happen on December 19th...
;) my princess is sleeping <3
is sleep talking...
3RD WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 5...JETS/DOLPHINS #TAKETHEOVER (36)...THESE GUYS STILL BELONG TO THE AFC, THEY MUST GO OVER 36...RIGHT???
The more I talk to you, the more I want you. I'm just hoping I can have you <U+2665>
“: Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.” damn skippy
: RT Phase two is complete. BTW, you look very beautiful.
Them same niggas with their hand out be them same niggas who turn their back on you when your down.
Ride on mayne! is like a brother to me!
Yall killing me right now with these tweets about the lake game. Especially the Mike Brown joints lol
Heading to the Embassy of #Israel in DC with Looking forward to celebrating a year of success!
Hah! And get your fill of REAL Chicken Fried Steak... M, TX does have killer food! Then again, so does DC.
Nothing really. I'm just not in the mood. I apologize.
well Ima still be there lol
I heard food trucks and tailgating outside. Concessions but no alcohol inside. Parking lot isn't too crowded. C'mon down!
worked particularly well. Students & I fundamentally clicked as well & they were pretty much running the show by the end.
Um YES !
Happy Friday and happy to be here for today's chat.
Can invite J.Lo to be a presenter? Maybe Angelina Jolie? Just askin'
Not only do I never have to take another science class again but I made $90 on my textbook. Best day ever? I think so!
It's the weekend! Do you have plans?
We sould start a club!
John Rodgers on the scene of possible hazmat situation near UVa coordinating the coverage. Watch 19NewsNightcast for more info.
Scholarships now available! Young singers, audition Sat. 5/19 for YG's 2012-13 season. Call now for details and audition times: 972-439-9037
ATTN: Cloud Browse will be inaccessible for about an hour later on today. We are upgrading our web servers to handle more traffic.
How come i'm related to everybody '& they momma , somethin ain't rite .
Chillin' watching "Underworld: Rise of the Lycans"
I'm proud
i dont have cash!!
why me? I've been sick as fuck
OH MY GOSH HAVE FUN AT BAMBOOZLE.
RT "The best movie of the year"? It's mid-January...
Hey all you ALICE fans! What's your all time FAVORITE quote from Lewis Carroll's oh so wonderful #AliceinWonderland books?
Who would've thought that a member from the Dungeon Family would be performing at halftime. Go ahead Cee Lo. I'm a big Outkast fan btw.
lol hurry up and get off negro
what are you referring to...i know it's not David Hudson because that would be silly since you talk about the most banal shit
I hab a code
that's true!! Precisely right.
I love whenever I never planned to go somewhere. Then I find this great new breakfast spots! So on point.
thanks, I've been able to watch The Chew recently, great television, keep it up
I learned not to judge a woman off day shit dat she wear...if dats da case u shouldn't judge me off da shit dat u hear
Congrats, that's great news!
Got a substantial gift to support the film yesterday. Thank you! #indy #film #ufo Paulding (working title) is progressing well.
*Staring down and admiring the simplistic yet competent binds, tethering them together*
I just outplayed my junior year. My GOD please throw something serious at me. I'm looking for even a fraction of a challenge.
smh never fails... somebody ALWAYS says "i heard about .........."
About to go get XRays on my foot. Hoping it's not broken and ruins summer ball..
oh I've never been to a private school~~
Flip on Live at 11 this am to see an incredible performance w and talkin bout his piano!
just looked them up. They look familiar; I've likely seen some of their OEM stuff. Reminds me of Damiki.
“: they'll be plenty high on bell if he comes cheap enough” >> not so sure.
"In the last town/You should have seen what I was/If I was a stranger/I was worse than a stranger/I was well-known" -Smog's I Was Stranger
New on DVD only: "Sesame Street: Big Elmo Fun" (4-3) "When the Drum is Beating" (4-12) "Garbo: The Spy" (4-17) "Suits: Season One" (5-1)
Thank you very much
Stop watching before it destroys so many brain cells that you revert to being the Man of 1003 Holds
Did yhu see think like a man?
anxious for these next few weeks that will be filled with memorization and strategy. and i'm so sleepy.
Randolph vs. Reggie Evans is a heavyweight fight. Those dudes are wrecking balls.
Rockies interested in Carlos Beltran
#holiday work cards, someone sent my friend a card with there kids in gallows is that sick or is that just awesome
Wow I kicked ass today... Both jobs Golds Gym and Redstar! Will not stop til on the top!!! ;)
never lol I don't like compliments
Having an early meeting with the leaders of #westhillsdwtn talking about Jesus and his church!
Some relationships are like Tom & Jerry. They tease each other, knock down each other irritate each other but can’t live without each other
Guilty, but I'm closing in on Act 3 - will easily have a polished final draft by the time Carson reaches that point.
"I knew when we collided, you're the one I have decided who's one of my kind"
Not last night... I've done it many times before, so it wasn't a stretch for me. Did you? I left @ 10pm to tend to my shoulder.
So, what do you need out zip codes for?
I finally broke down and ordered a #Stylus pen from Amazon. Look out #DrawSomething no more fat fingered stick figures!
Check out 's music!
is in search of an attitude adjustment.
Awesome! Enjoy the new jacket and hope it keeps you warm over there :)
ugh im so pissed off at this country atm. JOSHUA LIVES IN MY STATE TOO. I BETTER MEET HIM. he deserved to win. so did colton.
the feeling you get when you know your not good enough for someonee .
In the music industry, you have to be constantly in the moment. Don't dwell on the past or future. Stay connected with the present.
Michele Lyons on anonymous authorship and its relationship to readers
very easy fix!!
If every word I said could make you laugh, I'd talk forever
Single for the summerr so I can go to Cali and talk to some hot guys
Just finished organizing our talk for next Monday @ noon w/ on the competitive edge of information based on
Thanks for the RT!
It's hard to #focus with to music video for #boyfriend coming out soon <3 <3 <3
yeah yeah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Enjoyed American Idol Concert & seeing the new Halloween II this weekend!
Listen. I have one good eye. If it gets scratched out..I'm s.o.l. or else I'd reply.
I hate evaluation time
getting my shit all packed, one last dinner with the girls ah chicago here i come 4 days!
On the road back home #Atl was good to me I love you!
you mean buy me stuff
That piano recital was SO HORRIBLE....
My tweet deck is frozen on
Thats whats up my dude. School is always the way to success. I better see you on Sept 17TH at the Sex and the City II Event.
Deltas better start asking old heads for a donation or something #
Its 2am and I'm wide awake. I have to go to school tomorrow. FML. Words With Friends time.
I truly do not like hot coffee almost like a lava
I DONT EVEN WATCH BET MTV OR NONE THAT SHIT I TUNE IN 2 WHEN I WANNA BE ENTERTAINED
“The more passionate that someone is about something, the more you have to listen to them.” —Beth Comstock
i am not sure if we're going to eat Ethiopian or Mexican food tonight, but we are definitely not eating at home.
If you want to play a little footie tomorrow head to liberty memorial at 6 tomorrow. The weather will be perfect follow
Through Sin And Self Destruction on iTunes today. I think we finally have heaven on earth.
"Annie" is completely booked! We are starting a waiting list. May add another "Annie" session if we get enough people...
Diamond Herpanacine Associates Expand Their Superior Herbal Services - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
RT : We donated our pink sparkly cowboy hats to the TLA bookstore & these lovely folks bought them. Thanks y'all!
Health Tips: vegetarians need 10% more grams of plant protein as it is absorbed 10% less than meat protein
You are welcome!
Drove past Cowboy stadium this evening and was wondering about the activity -- forgot the Pacquiao-Clottey was scheduled there tonight.
followed (: ive heard of her before shes wonderful.
you and can. I have Spiritualized tonight at T5.
If they rayz .single lol its not gonna work lol
The rain just means there is just a bit more fairy dust in the air...and Ariel's Grotto for the adults.
#GoodNight! As I'm in a good mood 2day, I'll follow everyone who follow me 4 a few hours from now! So let's go, follow me now
I so enjoy what I do the car business you gotta luv it!!!!
Discomfiting assurance on pizza box @ airport: we guarantee that each item is 100% accurate. Accurately what?
this is more like...random thoughts of what the $&?! are you talking about...
u dont think it makes a statement
My work here is drunk.
Thanks for the follow, A.J.
a DESCRIPTION of an API could be copyrighted, but not the functionality. Facts are not copyrightable.
Twitter just suggested I follow Iowa Wrestling ... this darn thing doesn't know me at all. NOT AT ALL!
home again home again jiggity jig
It is majestic how much I don't feel like doing my taxes.
I don't know what to do with myself right now.... Looking to go to sleep but can't, so wide awake...
That was just wrong on so many levels
- Ha, you could say that. That makes it # 11 or 12 I think. Ugh.
still my favorite by far!
Courtney Stodden Dons Skimpy Lingerie, Hooker Heels for Easter Egg Hunt
Is it bad that I can hear the dogs training whistle? ;)
that's coll!!
what's for dinner ?
That's our objective at least.
i know that but look it up. They have won like 15 and lost like 15
have fun ad enjoy happiness you 2. Treat him well
Church then work . That's my day .
no prob!! talk soon! :)
Can't wait to catch up on #DowntownAbbey after checking the fashions out on
I really hate this feeling..... Thi whole week needs to be overr
It's Sunday, Caitlin. Didn't you go to sunday mass this morning????? xDDDXD
Preparing to stay up for ustream tonight! Got my Nutella Monsters and Popcorn
great game tonight T-Allen! You had master lock defense and you were hustlin like a mad man.
Chillen, getting this work done. Cant wait for #school to be over!
Well done Newmy, I guess that explains your fumble at Cornell... Is that Newmy's car as well?
Go for the gold and don't let up till ya get it.
I need a 2nd look, although I heart anything with a peplum, I'm on the fence about this one
Crossing my fingers...I was suggested to endorse a local pizza place...I think I'm a perfect fit.
The hardest thing I ever had too dony was too let her Go..smh
scott walker. he reeks of desperation!
Dude who a month ago told me I should focus on toning because I couldn't put on much more muscle told me today he was totally wrong.
you're getting old :(
Come try our new Soppressata (Hot) Paninii !!! Yummmyy a'Salute
Testing some functionality with this one
:((( I'm sorry! Well it's amazing! You'll love it when u see it!!
I wanna give a minute to thnk all my wondeful followers, thnk you for everything nd thnk you for reaching one 100 nd almost 110
lol in Plano off of Preston.
Pizza of the Week: Meat Deluxe Sure to Fill a Hearty Appetite! Canadian bacon, sausage, pepperoni, beef & bacon
So first place wants 2 battle us @ 5 on the promenade! Smh
as someone who focuses on ed assessment, I appreciate that
less than 3wks for some of us to be in high #mlanet12 gear already ;)
I'm running a marathon too. Over the next 3 weeks or so, I'll run at least 26.2 miles. #Bostonmarathon Go Vihann Kong!
you're work is absolutely beautiful and amazing!
No matter how many games they win, Tom Crean will ALWAYS rub me the wrong way!
Lincoln continues: "Capital is only the fruit of labor, and could never have existed if labor had not first existed." discussion cont. L8er
5:30 a.m. workout finally caught up to me.
I just got a #Klout notification that I'm an influencer of Either means he likes my live-tweeting or I've become too cynical.
maybe now Merrill will shut up. Tebow just schooled #1 defense in NFL.
Happy Mother's Day to me mum I LOVE her with all my heart and I cant describe it in the few characters I have left but I can say I LOVE MUM!
Justin Bieber in Argentina ! woow !! argentine girls should be very excited! :D
oh wow... Sneaky sneaky young ladies ;) yet very sketchy...
People have one thing in common, they're all different.
Appears to be more to the #Trayvon case than originally thought. Glad I wasn't to quick to pass judgement...
Can you #FF a hashtag? If so, check out the good folks tweeting w/ #expandinglearning and #campaign4children. Great people there.
which one?? :D
but then you wouldn't be able to taste the warm, creamy goodness. :)
Falling in love at The Hudson
Do you know if the DC office evacuated? I'm out this week.
Nice job, Bucky!
RT : Such honor to hear him sing "God Gave Me You"!!!!
Don't bite any skunks, Carolyn! Okay?
When life gives you lemons, make data visualizations MT Looking forward to seeing what travel patterns look like with half a Bay Bridge
Happy moms day everyone!
RT: : Super stoked for reading of Nut City tonight!!
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
I do new product stuff @ Y. Startup-within-big-company-sort-of-thing. All on the QT right now.
take that NY! Not so great anymore, eh??
Thinking of moving to Little Italy in San Diego. Now that I work down here, I'm in love. What are the best buildings?
Acme Hotdogs is closed until Tuesday, January 10th, so we can spruce up at Acme Hotdogs! Thanks for your loyalty and we will see you soon!
RT Lakoff: If "ich bin ein Berliner"= "I am a jelly donut" then "I am a New Yorker"= "I am a magazine whose cartoons nobody gets"
it was delicious!
round here round here round here round here round here. nice1 here
Lol am not. He's rude. RT rude lol
in theory, i'm "talking" to you...haha!
me too she's nice
We had a great time at last night... ya'll should check out our other favorite monthly Thursday party.
yeah! love his voice and style.
Rip to this beat I'm about to kill it... lol not
Great Tee!
They would only have the right to pub if the books are in the public domain, or if okayed by the copyright holder
I tried to dress extra-blowjobable today. So far no one has noticed. :-/
hey buddy, nice to meet another producer. Whats on the slate? We should do a co-production.
Its officially my birthday! (:
I hate being home alone :/
I think you have done a great job with it so far.
This fight was decided in rounds 2 and 10...winner of those rounds wins fight, if split those rounds, prolly Mayweather
Haha yea..Did you get them anything?
i'm still pissed that Terrence Trent D'Arby is not on Twitter
Why does no one say hi anymore?
For real -- w/ a water hose running from the house to the tank's built-in drain: a huge, working, awesome hot tub … RT : what
hello world!
What do and MBG have in common? An awesome Brazilian Jiu Jitsu event of course! This Sunday 3:30-6pm!
well I would never underestimate your ability to out-troll me.
Money and hoes
Doh-- only follow you from UW-- just added you now! Sorry!
Hello to you+ from Maine. I use Twitter for professional development and to communicate with other educators
Angel is on TNT. How could they hold it against me if I am late?
no, major danger and drama. Nancy is super complex!
G's up hoes down
let me know what you discover. i have the same problem
i live in las vegas ;)
Christain just left. I didn't think I'd actually find a Summer love. <3
try scramble with friends... Its way more fun and addicting!
fml I'm going to have to wake up early
RT : Please don't distract me from work guys :) Cool group || ha get to work coming up w/ #signs4sanity slogans
"This is long division - You get the ocean...I get the mountains." ::slow runner::long division::
I checked. They are the exact measurements from the shirts themselves.
This is gonna be a crazy game tonight it's a shame half of Wisconsin doesn't know that it's on tonight
Good lord I'm buzzed off just one BBC beer lol
Just passed the unemployment office here in Denver. Approximately 40 people were lined up at 6:45 am...ALL MEN.
You know you've lost it when you title a doc: "Giving Program and the CRM - a Love Story".
good man, supply and demand, simple economics.
/ Right now, your mobile browser. The site is designed to scale down gracefully on small devices.
Loved seeing this on the #ACM broadcast: : ACM male vocalist of year is Blake Shelton. Represent!
Thanks for the follow Matt. Hope you're doing well.
Every weekend, I'm home alone all of the time
-Top 10 Cutest Girls That Likes My Status . *Make This Hard*xD!
Make sure you check out the creepy zombie clown baby profile pic. No more egg...just for you!
thx so much for the website!
A very Happy Birthday to my Manager Gerry!! Hooray!
Thanks for listening. Glad that you're enjoying what you hear!
A woman just told me I have a swag walk ( cc. )
Playtech to Partner with Mexico to offer a Better Rake for Casino Games and Poker.
The LZ is closed today due to a power outage, we hope to be back up and running tomorrow!
why is that awesome. it seems to me that this observation does not fit the definition of awesome
& myself getting ready for the show!
My ~zen~ morning came to a halt once the contractors started banging on my roof. Thank God I'm not hungover.
listening to your songs while on the bus <3. can't wait until you can release more!
send me an email, so I can draw it, scan it and send the sketch...if you like we go from there...I gotcha man
Good!!And yours!?
thanks for the shout out!
Forcing myself away from Led Zeppelin on my iMac and heading to sleep. Love listening to their music lately....great stuff indeed.
30 left, been nursing a small stack
Wow that's kinda hard to answer, maybe something like " You don't know my name"
I'm on my way
RT : Cincinnati RB coach Jim Anderson at Washington Pro Day to see Polk in action.
Dont feel like unloading these bags.
Finally got beaus$eros bitches. Thanks
ahaha how cute:)
*3AM phone call* "Hey are you asleep?" "NO I'M TANNING WITH #SarcasmQueenRightHere :)
With 12th person given immunity in #WalkerGate criminal probe, will #WalkerFailure answer ?'s about why he has legal defense fund?
Excellent. Have "penned" (not "pencilled") that into my appointment book.
Drive Safe CIP! RT Big Thanks to for powering the and Back to the BCS Food Drive
When we cross the street hold my hand. Life is what happens when youre busy making other plans.
crazy how I was one of your 200 followers and now I'm part of this BIG family of close to #18millionbeliebers.<3
Homer chewed off his hand for some candy... I couldn't go that far for it.
talks with and the about assisting youth and striving for excellence during a recent visit to D.C.
Yes! 110% in. You? Hope so!! Would be so fun to have you there!
Social Media has been outstanding for our business
Yes RT a patient should be given all choices available, even if not available at that hospital
Fire catches and fire spreads, let God set your heart on fire today!
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 80k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x3
Fuck the horses ! It's Dustin Hoffman for godssake !
And sarcastic :-)
I sought The Lord and He heard me and delivered me from all of my fears -Psalm 34:4
How are you?
Is your family happy, or do you go home at night?
Ready to go home
Ah, night Cher! Thanks for being a compassionate soul for the Trayvon Martin cause and us gays. You're awesome! Mwah! Xoxo
The team has landed in
Too many iPhone games. I can't keep up...
Going to HOST this morning, tanning, school, work, then gym! luv ras!
Can your preschooler learn anything from an iPad app? - Bangor Daily News
Good Morning World! I great day to be alive! Praise Jesus!
Yayyyyyy!!! Welcome to Dallas!!
Eddie didn't rehearse today!!!
sextip you hold the ice up and you let the ice drip all over that clit all over them lips, then lick it off
Awesome! Looking forward to finding a time to meet up once we both get things rolling! Safe travels! :)
Ha! DM me your info. I will email you next wk
It is now the last weekend before my bday :(
Best friend award goes to for carrying me home last night <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
At the New Frontiers of #Philanthropy event, Bank of America in partnership with the #GCN ...full house!!
A fellow alumn! RT : Vocal Vanguard- Mark Myers (Waubonsie Valley)
Heartfelt thanks for following!
kicking field goals like a champ tonight.
yeah he gon have do a lot of work in the offseason
I wish I was that guy because I 1) love tomatoes and 2) crave your disgust
out of meeting.
Excellent statement on failure! Good luck with the new school year.
Finally!!!!!!!! Online shopping in the U.S. for ZARA!!!!! This girl is about to go into fab Spanish retailer-induced debt :) www.zara.com
nope, just over that way writing
#Investment property profit is preserved by keeping expenses under revenues. For maintenance, you have to control costs. I can show you how
What do you think about the information leaked today? doesn't change my belief that Trayvon was the victim!
DROP DEAD tired. Sung, played keyboard, went to Cold Stone, all in all today was a good day. I'm about to pass out.
fellow nerds, it's free comic book day. go support your local shops.
She's actually Lisa Simpson, the voice of Bart is done by Nancy Cartwright.
Just saw Gordon Ramsay at The Americana in Glendale, cool. Should've asked him where to eat.
super jealous that got to visit the truck and I didn't!!!!!
Over/under 3: How many people will demand, as a listener, to know where Kim and Beck are today? They took a vaca day BTW, not in trouble.
There is no one higher, no one greater, no one like our God!
Mr kappas's mom died lat night!
what's going on
Km sorry for spamming ur notidications on fb ;( but its fanny ^.^
Happy Mifflin, Madison kids! Wish I was there.
somewhere that's easy to get to, cheaper, doesn't charge $9 for parking, more bike and train accessible, WINDOWS, etc...
Extra innings continue at
I wear my sunglasses at night
name seven
Cruel Intentions and My Best Friend's Wedding on Netflix
Going to QBar to night to plan out the awesome food and drink specials we're going to have from all of you. Gonna to be GOD!
I tried to come c u
i dont know , m where do u live??
beer and charity go hand in hand. more on the horizon surely.
I'm at Starbucks right now on Steinway. Where?
"Unfortunately, Lyuba is not fossilized...she's more like beef jerky". Earl Lock talking about making a mount for Lyuba the baby mammoth.
#ZombieFilm goes in Production today. The Pancake Zombie Says: "WTF!? I don't know my lines!" The Red Baby Says: "STFU!"
that shit was small ok!!! so calm ur self..
Carbs are sugar and sugar are carbs, so you have to look at both. And ignore fiber.
Surprised isn't all over the horse death on
BOTH! Level up. :)
Wow. The power of persuasion; the moon is nearly full.
Come on. You're not above the sport. RT : RT But for real, I really hope we didn't waste our time tonight.
NOTHING..cuz your just like me
not to mention depressing.
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers. -Orison Swett Marden
If they are a legitimate, authorized dealer, we usually will.
So pumped for #TotalBlackout, it looks hilarious. ;)
Checking out places in Florida
My first #Starbucks Iced Trenta, can this much caffeine cause instant kidney failure?
Was suppose to go to the ,all today but it got canceled... lol that sucks but im still chillin wit my niqqas..
hi, my name's Kalee. and i enjoy long walks to the fridge.
With all that ugly #playtex, it's no wonder bra burning became a thing.
So long, Brandon. It was a good run.
Plan to run next year!
Chili queso that tastes jst like Chili's- check! Minimozzerellaballs standng-in for cheese curds - check! Nachos- uh huh. Gumbo? Hell yeah!
#MacBook Amazon knocks $150 off some Macs: Airs from $849.99 MacBook Pros from $1049.99
I'm not feeling good right now !
damn you simple bitches
Many Thx for all the
I said today would be really good or bad. Leaning towards bad. We moved btw so much farther to sitter. About 25 min each way
with the possible exception of Jet Fuel. ; )
congrats... Wish i had some. (:
Just watched The Vow<3 one of the best movies ever<3 I cryer pretty hard though.. Such an amazing movie<3
My apologies, we aren't taught to succeed, we are taught to exist.
Will get to this later... thank you for letting me know about it.
whoever is worth my time
meet me up there.! If yhu can.
HAHAHAAH RT Sippin tequila. Thinkin of when tried to kill me with it.
so as a southerner, id hope it was at least sweet tea.
thank you Dr. Sherry. Someone just did.
DAM Hometown of Hall of Famer Ron Simmons:)
Happy birthday !!!!!
Have you ever wondered why sheep don't shrink when it rains? Hm?
VEVION=FOREVER ALONE!!!!
What is the most controversial news piece you have followed this year???
Youd think national, company-wide email server updates would be done OUTSIDE normal work hrs. Email down. I feel antsy
thank you so much. I enjoyed working with them
I would expect nothing less from those crazy Canadians.
Double the nipples. Double the fun.
THROW YOUR SETS UP! UTI OR DIE!
Metrics Metrics Metrics, they are always key to understanding your content and audience. YouTube launches new upgrades to its...
hey, that's great. "His approach to teaching is both classical and modernist." and again, you're not wearing a tie!
Urban Tour Host Suggests: Shantal's Lounge, Liberty City -Wed- Sun BBQ, Potatoe Salad, Conch Salad- Try it !
Hey man.. Did you get my mail?
I hate wakin up early for no fukn reason
I'm a cat person.
good news !
what's up doc
Its amazing what you can learn when you start thinking for yourself; listen to your own voice, form your own opinion, discover what you want
that's how you feelin
Join #EMchat tonight at 9PM EST as we discuss ways to break down silos on campus!
Anyway goodnight twitter <U+2661>
Congrats to Drew & the Saints !!!!!
Body is back at work but mind is still on vacay.
Hey everyone hows it going follow me i follow back!!!!!:)$
Won a $26 satellite token last night, will see what I can do to work that up thru 4 levels and get into the bigger cash prizes.
Took two Ibuprofen 800MG. Hurry up & kick in already!!!
It's not the eyebrows that are the worst. Just trust me on this one...
Watching a show about rare ocean fish and these guys keep taking them out of the water and handling em.. Wtf put them back in the water dick
Off to Louisville for a girlfriend jaunt. Southwest Airline buddy pass. 21c Museum Hotel - awesome! Drinking Bourbon Barrel Stout! Yum!
I get verklempt just knowing you're on Twitter. <3
bring back janet jackson next year
Let's go #brewers! I'd love to see a win!
has a good point about Beavers coverage. They don't even have a tab on the oregonlive website - though the Timbers do.
same with mine!!! :(
I have a keeper homie! Hahah
Off to my exgirlfriends house(:
I know why they call it the cat's meow.
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.”
We make it a whole lot easier than having to paint!
Gorgeous! Where did that America go?
Great day today. Working more on getting the Exposure unit done for screen printing
RT : In case U haven't had the oppty2notice,the gr8 Man of combat journalism, , is doing the best work from Bangkok
Ay bay bay, let it play, that's my song turn it up
Always a bit giddy about going home from a long trip. Who cares that it may be raining in Seattle? It's home!
Just saw a dog sitting in a corvette...and it KNEW it was cooler than all the other dogs.
Unfortunately not! :( I'll be in the MKE area until the 15th or so though!
remember that time I was listening to Fey?
Time to put on the apron. As requested, friday night rack of lamb and artichoke dinner coming up people.
so I guess being a jerk makes you feel better about yourself. Can someone say
can you text me your address?
Fun night :)
"Party -- My Crib - Two A.M." (On a baby-size shirt)
hahah that sucks
hey pooh! Hows everything PS im mad with u ;(
Going to watch some Netflix. This means you try and talk to me, you'll get cussed out, :)
Things need to start looking up for us. If your a drummer and want a band let us know.
always collect string.
Also appropriate: The "Defibulation". RT : Was his Jersey Shore name "Salt n Peppa"?
What is this? LOL
AGREE! RT : with the roundabouts-springmill is faster during rush hr RT
I weighed in and lost 4 lbs.
RT Congrats to Andrew Hinrichsen on winning the second bracelet event at WSOP Europe and 148K euros
follow back please tx Eva!
can I explain how they got results in march, yet no reports until 2 weeks before fight??
what age class and service are you in? I'm Toddler B 3rd service. :-)
Drought in the Hill Country. When this happens, root development is reduced and wound formation restricted. Trees start to shut down ...
Haha kay I will! :)
Loyal Twitterites: I will be live tweeting the #ACMs tonight on ! Follow now, chuckle heartily later.
I really enjoy doing wrk majority of da times
and i deserve a i <3 skip bayless shirt.
hahaha "The wheels still turning, but the hamsters dead"
We'd love the support. We're always interested in learning more ab different NPOs & what they're doing in MD
It's a beautiful addiction, isn't it? #SigurRos #nowplaying "All alright"
do y'all know each other???
THAT'S a surprise...the the guy is good. Really good.
Just made this twitter! :) Follow me if you love <3<3
I cried when I couldnt see them
Morning, beautiful!!!!! :)
GALLO IS BEATEN. SIT HIM/
That's what the Rise Against Pandora channel is for. Despite it's tendency to throw Irish folk music in quite frequently.
Site Seeing - Toronto Star
I just got off the phone with Ian Astbury of Very interesting fellow. Full interview coming next week!
I concur. Think of all the extra cargo room.
Yesterday??? When?
Gotta check out on
Although Eddie Gossage is Mr. Ego ALL the time, I do agree with him on certain things about the IndyCar Series.
If the Lakers lose tonight, I will not watch another NBA game for the rest of the playoffs
Sobering. Here's to the ones that do.
Happy to be following #THATCamp and #lodlam activities. Thanks to all the twitterati in attendance!
feels so cool that is following me!
All you do is run through my head Are you getting tired yet?
Follow me of i like 2 party, i will follow u:-) .:-)
thanks for the shoutout :)
I like donuts and I like beer. So surely the combination of the two must be a glorious thing.
thanks hot stuff for the follow!
Isn't the Note only 5" ? I'm Thought a bit about the iPad 2 because of the price drop.
Happy Birthday ;)
Cant Help But Wait
- you too!
I drive to LSU today come back tomorrow work only tues and Sunday .
Quattro margarita type afternoon?
That moment when you realize you still have a ring pop in your purse from lunch>>>>>>
Always be sure to back up your photos early and often! You could be just one hard drive crash away from losing priceless memories forever.
First morning workout of the year...and all I want to do is crawl back in bed.
Happy birthday !!!! Hope it's lovely! Love ya!
Sometimes you think that you want to disappear but you really want to be found
Did I really just get a DM saying "let's get it on"? Um, yea....
the lady that lived in the house before us told us that every time that door opens, 2 or 3 nights after, the alarm system
At the to see #TheAvengers!!!!!
So ready to leave..
I want to disappear into my bed for about a week right now.
Doing a Red Bull® party! RT : Tonight in SA! at HOOLIGAN'S (in Live Oak)... at PEPPËR
Mind in one place, heart in another
Wrap their wrists – give your special someone the gift of time this year! Watches starting at 29.97.
Does the word "intervention" always have a negative connotation?
Where can i see how you measure attentiveness in your reports? I want to use those numbers but not sure what they stand for.
Area 51 ghetto guy xD my friend was obsessed with this guy after she randomly found it
Pop Evil
#ShoutOutToo I'm texting her right now and she's so amazing and beautiful<3 she has biggo lips ^_^ lol everyone follow!
#Thethingis most people focus too much on there apperance and not enough on there character
I<U+FFFD>m not looking for someone who has everything, but someone who has time to spend with me more than anything ...
#1st children, family, friends and loved ones!:-) Important!!!
When the camera angle is just right you can see rivers of snot running out of ccharlie weiss's nose. what a fat slob.
I love that ABC7 just used footage of the Philadelphia Eagles while referencing football players. Will LA ever get a team? Go Eagles!
Coach Brown of the Lakers...kissing on the job with a 7footer, who would of thought.
Last night at prom-baby started playin and all the girls start screaming and singing and dancing like crazy-I was one of those girls
Txt me(:
This bitch has me addicted ! stumble upon is our shit (:
and here come all the cheesy headlines and tweets about having another of something...
#istandwith #ididnotreport tweeters - we need a feminist presence to counteract the sexist denials of
My guardians have the nerve to talk during the songs and then critique it afterwards..really, no, just just no. #shutupbeforeIhurtyou,quiet!
I've been buying, or at least browsing, Mr. Mysak's books for years. Your story was really poignant.
Birthday boy wants a bronco
Those are my top three suggestions to authors. I always suggest they focus their efforts there.
That he was fantastic and Ed just sat there nodding his head, smiling, and saying thank you
I'm sorry I was out of town. Did I respond to your question?
Fond du Lac police officer still in critical condition at Theda Hospital in Neenah. Lead doctor to discuss the case with reporters tonight.
Thank you!
Proud to say I will be wearing all dade attire tomorrow !
You know life gets complicated when you have to hide things you aren't ashamed of and face problems you never dreamed of
I just got an $800 #oil bill!! F U #Obama! Your #energypolicy sucks and is #bankrupting this country! #FAIL !
So is it just me or do the alien missiles in BATTLESHIP look like the pegs from the board game?
I'm going to apologize to all my followers for this charter school rant today. I'm just tired of seeing misinformation about this topic.
I like hot sexy women
#factsoflife It doesn't matter how lame the show or ad is, if it uses a Ray Lamontagne song, it will automatically provoke extreme emotion.
Niggas turn chicken like a nugget meal.
We're planning some digital humanities speed dating at UF to kick-start some collaborations. Has anyone tried this?
”They be on my t.i.p..cuz I treat them bitches tiny”
I feel that I want you more than you want me , & I hate that .
Thanks, Hatter!
hate that I missed the party last night. I'll be there next time for sure. Looked fantastic. Appreciate the invite
Lots of segmentation tools on the market. Not many that let you collect site behavioral data and build targeted lists from it.
Literally can not wait to see Indie Game: The Movie. That's basically the line of work I'm aspiring to be in some day
Where is tonight's cocktail party?
"Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Hollywood...you are such a dirty nasty hood"
The US went there to beat the Russians and to show them that our technology was superior, something vital to winning the cold war
What's the best Holiday drink at Starbucks? #Starbucks Gingerbread Latte , Peppermint Mocha , Eggnog Latte
Woot & Brooklyn Tech!
Am not rich but am not poor either am comfortable with my life and what I got
Don't Miss A "Must See" #Video || Only From
National Prime Rib day is Fri. We are doing a special 12oz cut with salad & potato for $25. Come celebrate with the Best Prime Rib in town!
Have a great performance tonight
I wish I was a unicorn.. So I can stab all the fucktards with my head
oh wow! congrats. I'm sure I'll catch up with you at some point!
Is it just me, or do others sometimes think it strange that we listen to songs recorded by people who are now dead?
Promise me you'll remember that you're mine.
I've got 4 to finish.. it sucks
HE Chose Me! Sonship!
Ok well im on my way to OHIO TO MEET FOR ARE ROAD TRIP AND PARTY LOL <3 THIS GIRL AHAHAH
Indeed, it did! RT : - So my months of bugging you finally worked! ;P
dear straight hair, I MISSED YOUU.!!!
Springtime Stories is being held at the German Branch on May 10th at 6:30 p.m. For all ages. Pre-register online or call 271-5144.
Let's do what we do best Scoob, eat. - Shaggy (Scooby Doo)
No alarm? It's gonna be a good slumber.
I'm watching and I'm waiting for #CaseyNovak!!!
True that!
Yes! It was really great. The new dinosaur hall is incredible!
#missingmilwaukee day 23 the Iron Horse Hotel - I wish I could have lived there the whole time!
Bone Digger Bone Digger
dang im just sitting here shaking my head
"Gotta get the party on time" if they they approach you about UAT after they already started. It's already to late.
Friday, Friday, Friday! I'm slinging, MrTim is spinning. 5pm to 10pm Come stalk us.
Im different enough, now I just wanna be full
yes you will. I'm wearing green and those would be perfect.
Are you seeing the fire near Cuervo from where you're at? Send your photos to !
Just found out the new choral version of my song "God Loved the World" is the top seller for Easter from Lifeway right now - yea!
box seats!
Redhawk parkway is closed, no million dollars for me tonight :-(
Spread the word! Love their music.
Breakfast Again, vacation is really the best way to live.
I would've slept all day lmao
What in the actual fuck is going on in my stomach?
begins another broadcast day!
stop spamming cunt
Just 30 min left in this weeks contest.
that shot of platini makes me hate him even more... #uefacorrupt #fifacorrupt. Football needs a revolution
I just noticed that. Not cool.
Online shopping, my addiction..
what'd i do?!?!?! what twitter insight do you have?!
Dodgers CF Matt Kemp will have an MRI taken on his left hamstring.
I make you laugh all the time, why don't you tweet me something funny, eh?
lol, your sisters are annoying & you are too.
I'm free when my schedule clears up.
hey what's cracking with you today
lol its ok i just had nothing else to say :p
RT:Stack Bundles >>>>>
I learned so much today ...
*reaches up and holds the crown in place* Wow...you have a real fat head.
I will miss the BIG chair behind the #President by the #SOTU, will need to sit between the crowd and look up to what a pity.
We have to wait until spring when #docmartin series 5 is available to us.
<U+2605> <U+2605> Contact us for your next Corporate Event, Private Event, Wedding or Bar/Bat MItzvah <U+2605> <U+2605>
Oliver!! Sup with that jetski?! Lol
Email offline all day unknowingly. No wonder I got a lot done this afternoon.
GOT BUSINESS ABOUT BEATS IN UK, HOLLA ASAP
keep your head up. I hope u get a chance to show us what you've got
Welcome back.
Happy birth day to
I think it's inevitable. The expense of securing/delivering quality content not sustainable at current pricing
I'm so excited to be a part of Cook's Ill. .com! I've been getting the mag since early 90's. Kimball is my hero!
": I came to my room and the fucking door is gone!!!! I'm so pissed ^____^"That Happend to me -.-
God bless. That's outstanding.
Hate the smell of weed !
Paul Ryan: this is a state that will determine the pathway of this nation
#FF Follow Friday What kind of job are you looking for?
Absolutely worth it in Union City, CA. Fun crowd. Loved ! Planning to try the new Fremont theater for Prometheus, 6/8.
Big idea 5: A Collection of Special Places (neighborhood character, identity, feel)
Heading back into the building the elevator line was too long. Walking up 8 flights, the most exercise I've had in months.
do you think it's funny?
WHAT? boo. i'm gonna be stuck with a load of 90s-era "on the internet nobody knows you're a dog" articles on digital identity.
I was working this time. It was excellent for that.
What a beautiful morning thank you Jesus for waking me up!!!!!!!!!!
Entrepreneurs are always focused on minimizing equity dilution..but as my boss says "I only became rich when I became a small shareholder"
Glad you like I am making many more thanks.
how do I get the DVD the Art of Flight?
I don't agree with that Seahawks pick. Forget Russell Wilson, why pick ANY QB in Rd 3 when you're paying $14M to Flynn and Tavaris this yr?
is making plans to move back to Seoul
haha, miami is exactly what I was thinking #southbeach! Lake doesn't sound too bad though!
still got jokes huh?
Sometimes being #single is the most #awesome thing ever.. i answer to no one... I'll leave it at that.
I'm good with that plan
On my way to a celebration dinner put on by the Dallas Business Journal for the 2010 winners of the 'Women in Business' awards. YEAH. fun!
It is SO MUCH FUN to be able to use my university Italian. Italians are so helpful, and eager to assist you in speaking!
follow back please :) #AustinMahoneToGermany <U+2665>
m where u going
Edit to last RT: Sister left out "Say."
how is everything going for u????
I have a MAC, but I can't rely on the software exclusively. And so..I still can't get away from the evil giant.
Phew...putting the finishing touches on final preparations for tomorrow's We're getting word that many speakers have arrived!
Good Luck Sweets!!!
My picks: Gwyneth (lovely, as always), Emma Stone, Tina Fey, Kristen Wiig (my 2nd fav of the night; I just ADORE that gown)...
And then it's really awkward because I have no friends.
I don't have a ride yet. Its a long ride, we could talk about everyone on twitter on the way there
Even when liars tell the truth they can never be believed
its all over now, thankfully!
Watching Beauty and the Beast with my mom!!
Idk what I'd be without my iPod
Britney!!!!!! How are ya girl?!
Nyp raid #ows solidarity they dropped our tent twice
The Worlds Top 10 Car Manufacturers by ryankett
No matter your favorite NCAA team head coach deserves the respect of face-to-face meeting with transfers. Calling/texting/tweeting is wrong
i'll just pretend what you said didn't hurt.
my grandson is really getting cute, he has a personality now. love seeing their little minds work and grow.
For #FCBD we'll be having a 25% off almost everything in the store sale and there will be local artists doing sketches.
Yup. RT : prob w/ work study is maximum benefit don't cut it 4 adult students. How about upping maximums too?
The importance of a mother is too great to comprehend.
it really was!
They say copying is the best form of flattery. Thoughts??
Stand for Children reps say they support Senate amendments to literacy bill.
advice- do bicep curls before you take the ice to keep arm bands up.
Believe it or not, we do occasionally meet people who don't like #reubens... Crazy, but true.
I'm sure it meant a lot to them. :-)
I've Been busy all day. Getting back with the program!
That definitely got me thinking SMFH
Me my bro gone have some bottles on deck and some ppl comin thru tonite if yall tryna come thru hmu
Don't get it twisted everyone has groupies..
Who should we be watching for in 2010?!
what happened now :/
yeah, #INS standards not exactly a book, though; it looks like a journal issue. I ordered it last year & I've def used it.
I'm terrified to fly with my 22-month old son next month. Airport hostility is getting worse.
3 Shows, 4 days. DONE! Woot had a blast. Looking forward to playing again all across Orlando!
Copley fountain is filled.
#ThingsMyMotherSays "Dont Make Me Embarrass You In Front Of Your Company""
It was just Brett, smelled decent. Seems like Brux to me, it was just thin and bland. Brett ate all the carbohydrates.
Thanks luv RT : Happy Bday to da best =) Hope u really are having an awesome day Wish I was there 2 celebrate w ya
where are you??? I'm around!
Then there's the time when you want someone so bad you wish someone else would come along so you could forget the other person...
Jordan Taylor now has 4 fouls. Clearly frustrated as he heads to the bench.
Woah. I missed that workshop. What does it mean?
Nicer weather this week. So excited to get rid of this winter fur! Let the shedding begin!
Oi vey. When will we, as humans, treat fellow humans as fellow humans? What's next North Carolina, segregation?
How to make a cigar box guitar: via
haha awesome! I recognize Jeter, ARod, and Renteria, who are the other two guys? .
Where's the skunk???
Going to be a good finish to / If Milwaukee wins, they'll be 1 game back of for 8 seed in the Eastern Conference.
haha tanning in the snow
Saint Peters goal scored by Pat norton!!! Marauders up by 1!!
Time to be a big boy and make your own grilled cheese
Dear bro, I dislike you.
I'm feeling this twice a year thing :) Dec & June? There are warm days in Dec right?
I opened 2 fortune cookies last night and both had major grammatical errors. Great messages--hope they come true--but it was a turn-off.
So Kobe is better than MJ yet MJ killed in a flu game and KOBE is fatigued and lost a flu game
nope. this area is under a huge amount of lightrail construction.
Curtis joined the
I been wasted all weekend, I gotta pass on the drinks lol. But I'm down with the couches.
Everyday I'm shuffling
the impressionist on #agt was spot on!
Blue moon over Manchester!
Today's new cities on #YouTown: City of Flint (MI), Kitsap County (WA), Newport Beach (CA).
Tonight our feature is fried chicken for 2, served with napa slaw and mashed potatoes, this runs from 4pm till gone!
Finally a good night of sleep.
Wow just finished listening to jayz version of bump bump bump wthhh!! Lol.
Without a doubt! We'd have a ball.
Thanks - Angel Dance should be out in a few days (fingers crossed).
Im believing God for the full healing and deliverance of one our deacons at New Era! Please agree with me for His full recovery!
Team Leader opening in Petersburg, VA $60-70K; Must have either an Engineering Degree and/or 2+ years experience
My poor baby. </3
#JohnStewart might be the most (only?) relevant source of political news on tv today
Whore Houses, Strip Clubs I Go Where The Meeting Are- Ari Gold
What a nice project, looks really good. Good job buddy.
Excited to see JB Smoove Club at the end of the month! Love him on Curb Your Enthusiasm.
Cigarette burn on my face. For serious. Ow.
Here's my number, so call me maybe
I did not anticipate a 5 game losing streak this early in the season.
I'd appreciate if you'd promote my org competing in the Chase-American Giving Awards. vote.globalkids.org THNX
Believing and Praying for some good news when Danelle comes home today from work. She SO deserves some good news :)
oh, and weather forecaster*
The Embellish Saga(Embellish, Justice Served: A novel of the Embellish Saga, Auldicia Rises) $2.99 on Nook and Kindle. Find out for yourself
I'm not going to baseball I'm going home balling and then going to some kegs
watching the #vma s?
Maybe Wile E. Coyote in the crosshairs on the back.
O, I shouldn't have said that to Mother Nature. I think I pissed her off. Lightning and thunder and driving rain. Aunty Em, Aunty Em!!
E.I.F.S. is one of our many Specialties. 2 Commercial E.I.F.S. projects Completed this week! Proud of our staff! Bravo!
Dear Steven Tyler: you're a rock LEGEND. Why're you in a BK commercial? You're better than this. Walk this way-away from the greasy adverts.
Did you ever get a chance to watch his stuff during his time in Ring of Honor or even Pro Wrestling Guerrilla?
#cxo WOW is all about perception. To WOW your customers, you have to know them.
My RoofMeadow green roof report - now have certified products, our warranty is even stronger, I completed a safety program to prevent falls.
I have no right or desire to tell others how to lead their lives and I do not recognize their right to tell me how to lead mine.
Recently received recruiter spam looking for a “Hardcore PHP Developer.” Discuss...
The Avengers > Batman
my hands smell like colon.
Time to fundraise for St. Judes Childrens Research Hospital as I run the 2012 LA Marathon!
Got coupons?
RT : How can a hotel room be both too hot and too cold at the same time?
This place is overflowing with blonde cuteness.
Be your own best friend and you won't ever be disappointed
don't complain. I am often asked why I don't go to Tuscany when I say that I am going to Florence...
Can't wait! RT: Working on a track for
OMG thats awesome :D
i still like the frisky one best.
Yes I'm wearing Judge hoodie. Hop off my dick, bro.
Personally I would tell him how you feel... and maybe y'all can work on the problems
Getting on ... Finding out ... THE Fazzino RIDE!
Damn dude, I had no idea he was even in the city... same with ... oh wells. my ears needed the rest anyway.
Lucky man... I don't remember seeing him anywhere near the top on your sheet! Love the new prof pic. Hope to meet him & fam soon
Finally watching the SNL holiday special on Tivo. Didn't realize Dana Carvey was the drummer for Muse.
I wonder if they still have the tape archives I saw when I toured NPR in 2009....
The only difference Between me and green lizards: I nap in the shade.
What are we going to do with you?? SMH
Drawing some cool stuff for my Bebe. ^.^
Wish I could be watching Martin right now
You are welcome. Thanks for the great work you do everyday!
thank u
I really don't know of anything until the following weekend. :(
Technical difficulties with the livestream of the Commission's business meeting. Please stand by for more information.
u can say whatever come to mind
Was lking fwd to start of boating season, but I want to get my Private Pilot. Wife said,"so you're going to sell the boat?" Yes :(
still not a fan of HAML
Stop
Hey guys, go check out our buddies in , they'll be sponsoring our Dreaming Tour!
#BELLY was a good movie but im sick of white guys getting type-cast as the cop or the undercover in Hip-Hop movies
it's both! LOL what you watchin boy?
FOLLOW ME PLEASE! 11
Green Day's "Dookie" album is old enough to vote and join the army this year.
you're welcom
unless you use a feather
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going. ~ Helen Keller
For a Monday? ;-) I guess o_O
You're very welcome! Thanks for all your help with the story! Saw Channel 13's interview w/you last night.
The UPS store on Flatbush rocks!
That is pretty amazing. Austin is usually such a nice place.
you crack me up
People try to hard to fit in and be popular .
Dont take my point that way. I sure as Hell not voting for Romney. Im saying that Obama seems to take his voters for granted.
“: Imagine rolling over to Chad's ugly ass every night and morning. (¬_¬) #BasketballWives” LMAO!!
I get by with a little help from my friends.
I've had pad thai 2 days in a row and it feels so good.
Fuck this shit you bobble head bitch, You know It's all about Friday's, And not about you
is he really 4 star? Not recruited by those type of schools. Good for the #pokes! Smart WR will come to OU & OSU.
No dis respect but I can't stand camm models.... probably cause I can't fuck'em
My legs r white compared to my face. Ugh.
you've seen it? Shit is crazy. Don't even care if its real or not. I am afraid.
i love ur hair we talk more n be friends!!?":)
#np cant get enough j cole
bahaha ok ok. just making sure I didn't miss anything!
The older I get the more I realize that some women are so jealous that they come off as a childish bully..wow really who does that
Yes sir! Are u going tonight?
Thinking about making Baby Brett a Badger onesie for the sweet 16.... FRG style.... Thoughts??
cause I didn't walk right. When I learned how 2 walk I walked on my toes & not my whole foot. It used 2 hurt my calves so much.
and the best love you can give me, is just a simple hello or a follow. I love you<3
do you add variety? Adding seeds to a station can help that a lot
it's glove weather and you're not here. Your absence hits me with every season
Whenever I can't find something it just magically appears when my mom looks for it. -__-
picosos is looking for a cook call us at 720-404-7961 and ask for james
Let him know we all hope he's doing OK and comes back soon!!
Hm... Anyone wanna answer the daily questions? I RT all answers...
Morning loves!!!! Have a fab day! Xoxo
Hello twitter!
Even then, you'd realize I AM the funniest out of US!! Haha. :D
Thanks! I'm looking forward to my visit. Hope to meet you.
RT“: love you guys!!” Thanks!!! we love our fans! Hope we get to perform for you!
Tom Duncan must be incredible!
Food Fact of the Day:April 24, 1914 Justin Wilson, Cajun chef and humorist was born. Best known as the host of 'Louisiana Cookin'.'
ohh.. But u WILL find a guy soon monique trust me ur beautiful inside AND out the guys at our skool r juz stupid
Donna Brazile great tweet on John Mayer. He was very disresprective
Sounds like a plan
Every body have a good Friday and thank God for your family and friends
oh em gee
Missed Reed's first baking experience. :( Look what I give up for our instruction program, PSU!
ah just got back from zumba class. It was alot of fun!
Heading out in the early morn to spend time with family. Look forward to more learning, sharing, and connecting when I return.
unless it favors your team right?!
What's your favorite music video of all time?
goodluck to on her last final:)
Hey every body dont forget to check out the new website #ROCKINIT coming out next month on the 2nd it will be awsome
I was watchin your ohio state boyss at work #notsohott mabyy you should wear an ohio st vest and bow tie to turn thingss around.
Double stuffed Oreos >>>>
Thanks, Elisa. Glad you like it.
Matt Flynn time?
hahah yes to that
CASTING CALL FREE 1on1 coaching session with Life Coach Ann Thomas for new web show DM for details!!!
I will supply you with the updates
RT Rendezvous Memphis + Beale St = homesickness cure
Hey, I'm gonna go out on a limb and say: People are still on this?
Alex, we got this!!!! #AlexTo200k <3
I really need to stop waiting till the last moment to do homework~>
I miss my happy days , I hate how nowadaays I'm suck a bitch too everyone . Huuuuy :|
I hope you joined my newsletter list?
At the rest stop, she bought some socks and a blanket
. getting awesomely super wonky talking about middle mile broadband
Just when I think I might be growing up a little, I go to the bathroom and my underwear are on inside out. Try again, e.
Bobby chose not to crossover in order to help his boys.
Breakfast of champs: scrambled eggs w/cheese, coffee, maple sausage and toast w/homemade jam.
Hard to believe ill be 30 in three years...just felt mega old xD
That bass goes soo hard
why can't you just be my boyfriend like seriously c;
MOVERS: Sunday is NOW FULL. One spot open on Monday August 1. Call us to call it! 412.475.8193
I'll take that as a compliment lol
watching women's basketball and listening to #NewEdition, I'll even admit this is kind of questionable
Now some guy is singing.
"...Ask yourself two questions: How many people do I know, and how much ransom money could I get for each one?” -Jarod Kintz
nope, not just you
Congrats ......always proud of you for something!
@ the EBSCO Publishing's Luncheon at the Westin
I don't think I'd let anyone take a picture of my CC, but I guess that's not much worse than writing it down
Based on your tweets, I really want to know what class you're taking this semester so I can avoid it.
First time soberly at
so which one is going to hell?
Yo Rome, are you getting any horses ready for Oak Tree?
Kirkpatrick kinda reminds me of Chris Henry.
One is down, Michele Bachmann has suspended her campaign for the White House.
thanks for the info Kelly! ;)
those people can kiss my kellin-loveing ass.
crazy i was there at the video shoot but i left when yal startd filmin. good job on the vid tho
I'm looking for a Realtor in Pittsburgh, PA. Know of one? Direct msg me! Thanks!
Thanks for visiting! We're glad you enjoyed it!
RETWEET IF YOU NEED SOME FOLLOWERS I CAN HELP
A few steps help you play your wma/wmv media files on your iphone. bit.ly/rsb3Rc
Excellent job ! I'll grab my clone and we'll do it in person!
Would much rather have Gus Johnson and his passion instead of Nantz and his fake, canned "enthusiasm"
I had 2 acquaintances say something 2 me about drinking beer within a few minutes. I wasn't drinking but it's how they said it.
haha ohmygosh, you are so sweet. Thanks for the support, darling! I'm so glad you're enjoying them! Haha
my cousin just broke his and yeah
yeah... I mean there will still be picks at six. I'll just be angry. Lol
I have 5 year olds in my class
yes please rate us!
you really don't have to reply to all my stuff
I'm pretty sure Muslims hold up no idol whatsoever. It's banned in their religion. Christ & Mohammed are prophets.
this> :Once again, just like during the season of #topchef, not enough on the reunion. Guess drama really does sell!
Nice meeting you yesterday at the tweetup! Hope you guys got your work done back in Burbank! :)
Kohl understands he will likely be making a personal financial investment towards the arena
We are thinking about moving from Time Warner Cable. Anyone have suggestions for Cincinnati Cable/Internet?
Wishing and the boys the best, as the play #live music tonight at the cork, 5043 van nuys blvd. Sherman oaks. 8pm.
Lap 58 Green flag stops have begun.
Fun fact: anyone that drives a Dodge Ram has committed a hate crime
Just curious if Vegas was a stop on your map of book signings. Yes, the desert is full of surprises. You found one of them!
I once saw what looked like two renaissance knights in combat on google maps.
fuck yes<3 I'll drive us wherever we have to go for that!
I passed with a high c.
Despite da serious issues in da world that really need our attention.As a former student trophy winning footballer I am glad to see progress
Haha, good! I bet you make terrible cookies! (:
Exciting things on the horizon for Green Power Energy. Watch us!
lmfao oh how I miss jerry springer
Bucket list is so cliche--I'm calling it a "Life Worth Living" list.
If your still obsessing over ur past. Ur not ready for a new future. I think thats the perfect time
If was here she would walk with me
(third try here) strangest experience ever to see oneself discussed in third person on twitter. for me gender was
I hope everyone is relieved to hear I found a new coffee shop - - so I no longer have to worry about angry patrons !
8yr old Katie Sadlon: "You need better games on your phone. I'm gonna check the app store and see if I can help you with that." :)
ctfu ! So true
The pressure! RT : Now for a day of Library-of-Congress-worthy tweets!
Oh the set point...#TheWeightOfANation she's a nasty bitch.
Feeling like SHIT
is mildly afraid after grad speeches, and the Star Wars theme, her mother may make her repay her education cost.
RT : Sorry The "Word" wasn't the Word of the Year this year. Try again next time!
protein shake
hey, I'm Chris, co-founder of Ziggling and lil Ziggs.
Yep! Still working for them, though. I Miss Madison! Have a spotted cow for me
Your answer is in the millions of one-on-one interactions that are more salient to people than the most cynical article.
blah blah
best tweet EVER
Dumb Elephant Crazy Annoyin Tramps Unintelligent Rich Cunts Elephant Niggas Trashy Ridiculous Awful Lame (Read the first letter of each word
Internet addresses depletion reflects wired world
Somebody is a funny girl.
blessings rest well
Thanks for the FF!!!!
Who is the most important person in your life?
OMG that bitch ate rocks
Ibaka better stick to dunking with his stuffed animals. Hit the road Jack!
Swansea City in the Bay this summer. May have to check that out.
Most boring weekend ever...
Tosh.O is hilarious!
Mind set, heart full, just you wait I'm going to change the world.. Buenos noches
Omg, I'm pissed!!
When my landlord tries to raise my rent, I invite him over to listen to my neighbor hocking loogies in his shower.
Chimera's face was PRICELESS
- I only hide the ones who are total dicks about it. There's a big difference between disagreeing and being disagreeable.
Oh. Mine your email reference for enthusiasts in certain areas and refer them to related projects.
My favorite is Angola
Earth Day is tomorrow, and what will you do to help the environment?
In Tallahassee parlance, calling the Casino Bill "dead" is about as conclusive as Newt Gingrich saying "I do!"
LMFAO. IMAGINE IF HE MENTIONS IT TOMORROW. LIKE "my mom said she saw you at the store last night" HAAHHA.
Yum. Sounds perfect for a rainy sunday!
having a great time in Nola. Production is picking up!!!
no got out before it happened!
You better! : Hope you had a nice workout hope to get mine on the slide later!
had to ask lol!! send a video of u playing if u get a chance.
Reading some nursery rhymes to my kid. Pretty sure "Old Mother Hubbard" is really an allegory about Scientology.
When you have so much to do and you just lay there:) #ihaveaheadache which means i am not moving.
Google's making meth now: www.google.com
$175 a piece? holy shit, that's worse then a bcs game
50 Shades of Grey
There hasn't been a single minute this weekend that Tequila has not coursed through my veins.
Fuck the A.P Psych Test, and fuck Reading plus, and fuck Pre-Calculus.
I think perhaps our spiritual center is most evident not at church but away when we are kind and we accept the shortcomings of others. Jim
gotta love rerun on MTV. #jshore round 2.
OK FOLLOWED A , FOLLOWE ME PLEASE
aww just watched halloween with my mom.
Pandora is on it. Good bus ride back
tell ya mother I said tex me
Rereading Rework, Jason Fried & David Heinemeier Great stuff on nearly every page."Writing is today's currency for good ideas."
I'm not that straight forward, jackass. :P I'm just awkward. lmao. If you're the master, you tell me how it's done. :P
Oh, you silly girls.
Don't be worried that your heart is broken. Because somewhere out there is a person with plenty of super glue.
Its cool bro.
check now !
have fun!
I need some followers :)
Still In class
Very good point!
Hey, I just met you and this is crazy, So here's my number.. Call Me Maybe?
A Relationship is more than finding the right person.......Its being the right person
ha! thank you for sharing. it's true, the coolest stuff is usually off-limits.
agreed my friend. This will do for now
The bad thing about having trees all around the house is I am constantly picking up branches and sticks. Especially after a good rain.
Headin' to Witchita with the OSHS pep band to watch our lady Falcons kick butt at State. Gonna be a good weekend.
CNN is more concerned about the amt of traffic they drive to their site vs their journalistic reputation.
glad you enjoyed 's talk!
you didn't think it was hard?
nope! But I still have my iPod x)
can NOT wait for saturday with the one & only :))
#BackInElementarySchool me n my friends use to have hot chip party on lunch
The moment when the guy in front of you at the gas station buys $164 in lottery tickets...
Back in town. Time for a hani!
YES. I was silently fangirling when I saw it. love them (':
well thats a no brainer, surely theres a more creative way to do so than that, lol.
I hope it is some Area 55ers I see in MIA. Love seeing some Pacers fans on TV.
I do love French toast >.<
JR had plenty of car yesterday, but like some of the other Chevys they probably had overheating problems, I know Gordon did!
Thanks we are super excited to be a finalist!
#MothersDay in #Israel was a few months ago but we wish all the Mom's celebrating today a wonderful day!!
Hahaha! Yes! Look Southeast, and Libra is visible just above the horizon ;)
if you don't understand what cognitive momentum is... you can't prep your witness adequately.
I'm trying to figure out why there is softcore porn in the bar.
I see the Packers STILL haven't fixed special teams...
And definitely bring MO if she's hungry!
Love that nail polish color and thanks again for everything earlier this week!
Completely changed my thoughts about seeing The Devil Inside.. Must have been HORRIBLE
Cuse needs to pick it up on both ends tonight! Would like to end the day with a 5-0 record.
Damn, you must REALLY like the sound of your own voice.
OBL FAIL RT : "Biden totally unprepared for that post, which will lead the US into a crisis." Bin Laden on trying to kill Obama.
What a truly horrible day...?
Can't stress enough to my aspiring and active ring warriors; have a backup plan and find ways to secure a future in case you lose wrestling.
has officially deleted her Twitter page...the fans went crazy on her for bullying Kesha. They ran her off Twitter.
Love seeing the press and who is wearing Rodarte, but please Tweet about what's happening in the workroom.
How was your dinner? Thanks for coming out!!
Rocked toys for joy today, they loved the new music and saw tons of kids get blessed with gifts, God is good!
Also, the Jehovistic voice conveyed to Adam, "Because you have hearkened to the suggestion of your wife, and have partaken of sensuality,
Now that a few days have passed since going there, I must say that / is the greatest place I've ever been.
he says it EVERYTIME i play the song! lmaooo
parks & rec filming outside bunche hall and the young research library today.
I was thinking about sending you a WhatsApp, but maybe you got angry or you're bussy.
I woulda been in there like swimwear bitches.... #drinkyworkouts = countdown to vacay :)
Werckmeister Harmonies and Chaplin's Circus provide useful metaphors for out-of-LA/NYC productions & their social/environmental impact
That is very true!
Don't I know it! Last Saturday was a wee bit painful.
Please follow YOUR MOM BITCH.
Congrats Best blog
Dog Scouts of America answer the call for community service
System of teacher as facilitator/mentor enables child to flourish: 5th grader finished calculus w/Khan academy videos (3 hrs/night)
Dadventures with pops all month.
finished with all my classes for my first year of college! This should probably be sentimental or something...
did they really? What planet was I on?
Beware asterisks in ads. They usually mean "not really".
Pound for pound, fantasy makes a tougher opponent for the creative person.
he doesn't even do those things
“Batshit crazy is the new black.” this is us. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><U+2764>
I'm in. Southwest now flies out of Atl!!!RT : cool let me see what the airfare looking like
I am 100%, head in the clouds, ass backwards, in love with you.
http:TexasUsedAuto.com
that's true not gonna lie u guys looked great vs us this year. rest of the season and playoffs are gonna be awesome
thanks for joining this evening! Press on for progress. We are gonna put a Blue Spotlight on the Valley of Virginia.
it's too hard to try(that's what she said) not to laugh, so many great one-liners and random inputs from ensemble
can you send me the picture thats your background? pleasee
Who called this the J.V. game? lol
Nearly one-tenth of hemisphere 's mammals unlikely to outrun climate change A safe haven could be out of reach for 9 percent of the Weste
actually, vegan food is what I crave now, the placenta in the egg and blood in the meat kinda grosses me out:/
just ask him
How you know? Maybe no one has tried. Try me! RT YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE PINKIE!
Life is too deep for words. so don’t try to describe it - just live it.
I will go out a limb, Belfort over silva #ufc126 #VEgas !
lol when I found out u def no
thank you!!!!
Anyone in the area have a spare pocket square for the evening?
Oh and Sean Payton suspended for a year, maybe the #Saints regretting they didn't sign Drew Brees long-term a month ago?
goodnight and happy mother's day once again
aw that's a bummer. But yeah weather looks great! I've never run in Philly so I'm excited for some new scenery too
Would you like another glass of haterade with your bitchflakes or some hoe wheat toast? ;)
who went?
Star Wars is on.
Jesus is the shadow of God.
damn im blowed.....
She is so beautiful! Congratulations!
that certainly was not enough for him. Hold out for Matt Kemp!
time to watch toddlers & tiaras .....
hopefully he gets smarter with age.
"Benjamin, I am not trying to seduce you." - The Graduate (1967)
Listening too and thinking of Him :/ o hate this feeling :/
Pray all is well!!! I can't wait to see you perform again.
my sisters French grooming products stink lol
Help me. I don't ever watch #idol, but I'm sick & bored. And now apparently this tiny Asian girl was born in the disco era?
Come out and see us on July 4th with , and more! We will have our fill in guitarist first show with
Must be a new record! Congrats!
When things are going well take the time to be grateful and appreciative.
New Deals from national retailers! Check the Qponomics app for money saving offers at Ann Taylor
Who do you refer for appliance repair and installation?
Are there any bands whom do NOT live in Chicago, but would like to show swap for a Chicago gig?...Beuller?
If Diggy Kisses A Girl In "4 Letter Word" Video I'm Crying Lmao
This thunder vs heat game broke my heart!!!! Man fuck that shit
Working hard to be the man I'm expected to be.
Ooh I like that! Wait, I thought the cake was a lie!
I can never go back to sleep once I'm up .
RIP Dick Clark.
RT : RT : 'One who cannot cast away a treasure at need is in fetters.' ~Aragorn
I guess you get what ya pay for ppv fights little bullshit, Fox Hours of bullshit and only 3 fights,
So not in the mood for Christmas.
REP THE 21? Yeah... that's an every day kinda thing for me <21
Changed my twitcon again. Ha D:
You're so fucking special. I WISH I WAS SPECIAL. But I'm a creep. I'm a weirdo. What the hell am I doing here? I don't belong here! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Not really. Walk to much is the real problem. Not use to being at the hospital.
miss you. that's all.
My prediction: it'll either be Chandler Jones or Dave DeCastro!
oh. turns out the girl that was singing (horribly) was the girl that got "Made" a couple month ago on MTVs #Made. lol.
sorry.... To late!
Thanks! Working to sort things out. Slower than I expected, though I hope to beat your record!
Had a great time playing on TV! Thanks to everyone who tuned in!
My 2,000th tweet goes out to ! :] I love you with all my heart. Thanks for sending love & positive energy around the world! <3
Welcome to the #twittersphere, cuz! Watch out, it's addictive.
I'm good omw to get my hair done
my baby just got a new pair of kicks and she loves em
A month and one week!
why don't you have your goose with you? :(
I think my son really out for the series..its still gon hurt when I hear it
Grad Bash next week!
@ bravoandy silence! What happened?
I'm bummed since I need 2 get home, bit ice storm tonight/tomorrow starting to look worse. Already below freezing. Will be 4 a while on sat.
speakin of kids. shawn has a 0.4 GPA! got to make up several classes. what a dumbass!! lol
#visionconf respect the land, good advice, no?
on what?
Miller and Navarro are not on Meso's level offensively, despite his struggles so far.
Twitter gets kinda boring after a while # Facebook
hey Bella thorne plasce watch me on twitter ;)
Great point.
Hey folks. Billy Boy Brad will be our guest bartender tonight. Give him heck.
Family member admitted to ER during computer outage. No complaints. Only praise for this excellent team!
Twitter Tip! Twitter is a different platform than Facebook. Talking on Twitter is more like texting. So text.....
right? lol. tomorrows thursday though. #dramathursday. (;
If people say something about you, judge you... Do not get affected! Remember: "Dogs don't bark if they know the person!"
there are 7billion people in earth..r u gunna let 1 person ruin your day? DON'T!
thanks. we moved like 5 mins away off 67/Polk
good partying with you last weekend... from what I remember at least.
NP: Mary J. Blige: 'Love No Limit.' Just found my copy of 'What's the 411,' which I bought, oh my goodness, almost 20 years ago now?
Such an awesome afternoon! Love working with people who hold such a great positive energy!
Spent the morning going over formations and basic tactics for 6v6 soccer.
Love that at our party every time we hear "Hugo" it's followed by "son of a--"
I think I could say I've a million dollars to just give away & no one on here would pay attention. Sorry.
"You really can change the world if you care enough." - Marian Wright Edelman
FDA sucks for banning DMAA!
I gotta work on that... <U+E42A>
news tracks produced by me! uploaded on soundcloud tomorrow!!!! for free download (mixtape purposes only) RT
Saturday is a great day to relax & take a leisurely stroll around the #MelloyDodge showroom! Visit us at 9621 Coors Blvd., NW, Albuquerque.
Last nights episode was priceless..Phil, Si & the granddaughters.
Loving it as every.... Raving in San Diego!
In my writing class this week we talked about how there are Chicagos: 1 is beautiful & full of potential, 1 has blood on the sidewalks.
Why thank you!! :) It's a whole new world! :p
SHOUTOUT TO AND TEAM REYER 4 MAKING THE PLAYOFFS! OVERSEAS VET STILL HOLDING IT DOWN! WE NEED 2 CATCH UP THIS WK SOMETIME..
How can you be innovating and creative without any money?
5 - 6 - 7 - 8 houses sold. One at a time , quicker and quicker, they are going.
Yep! We tell it like it is... Like it or not, we told ya so in 2005's "Unreal Estate" CD... 2 years before the fan took a dump!
Layin down some cello today at R.i.T.E. Records
I hate desperate people !
Er, wait, just scrolled down. You didn't get pasted today, I take it?
Die as you fall is now on twitter!!! Cd is coming soon!!
glad you enjoyed the beer, come back soon!
Let's see which one of my shows come on tonight???....
Man I just recorded some dope shit!
"The older I get the less I listen to what people say and the more I look at what they do." - Andrew Carnegie
Added a couple of new choices to our selection this week. Got a Suburban and an Extended Cab F150 ready to go to work!!!
There shuld b a million reasons why I shuld jst giv up bt I keep goin no matter how hard it gets!There will b sunshine after da storm clears
It's so hot!!! Mojitos anyone??
We saw your post on our FB page. Of course we will.
if tune was in bucket, still couldn't carry! There is a hole in my bucket! ROFL
you make me happy
lol iGot both of em .. who let the dogs out!
I miss socializing, but also miss having something to do and a place to be during the day, it seemed more fun than it is.
Oh wait, maybe will pick up some sleepers in tonight's rounds?!
I wish half-written blog posts had value, I could make a fortune.
I'm a mammal! I have eggs! You can eat my caviar! -
People need to accept the fact that the members of one direction are highly homosexual for each other
I don't know anything about any assassination, I was in the hospital on drugs.
Chew'n on some pumpkin seed blasted of some Good Good. Volcano Blasts to the neck
Are you seeing the Cardinals / Cowboys game? Keep the drinks flowing and the party going afterwards at Xona’s Asada Grille!
I had a 40 lb bag in my car for over a week hoping someone else would do it.
FOLLOW BACK PLEASE??
Thanks for the nod, come & get some sweet potato fries!
Sims 3 is so addicting:O
empathizing with fellow laid-off employees at my former employer, the University of Oklahoma Press.
Lol yeah i was hoping you were joking
Watching Punk'd because it's the only show on besides #FantasyFactory that doesn't suck.
Toilet paper should really consider making their own bottled water brand
To you to sir.
Today needs to be a burger outside kind of lunch! What are you having #Milwaukee?
Ugh I feel sick as fuck
Today was the best :)))
yeah shyanne used it
Photo Uploaders Should Be Instant. It Didn't Take Ten Mins To Take This Picture Why's It Take That Long To Upload It??
McDonald's just screwed us. Didn't give us half our meal or forks for the cinnamelts!
Peanut butter, honey and banana pancakes? You had me at peanut butter.
that's a beautiful thing
Come on in for Thirsty Thursday tonight and get the weekend started off right!!
The pride is killing me.
Thank you for the RT, my friend!
Pavlyuchenko. That is, if Harry plays him.
OK. I will check on this monday am. Back to you then.
Why does #Panera stop serving breakfas at 10:30? I think its still breakfast till 12pm! made me sad :(
“: You're damn right I just bought & ate 3 bao from ! #FattehTweet #DontJudgeMe lmfao!” lol. How were they today?
Hope Rankine means Don't Let Me Be Lonely. So Good.
Yeah I have to make up two finals now and I have no idea how lol
good plan :)
The chats are fun - kind of like Twitter - fans get really involved and interactive some nights.
HOLY FUCKING CRAP. 145-143! BCB WINS ON A HEART-STOPPING PHOTO FINISH! Romo's in-pack ghost points were the decider!
Apparently... Virgo's best match is someone who can hold a conversation in a coffee house and talk dirty in the bedroom!
I cant wait for NBA free agency to start. Im interested to see what moved the Nuggets will make
no problem.
Ya can't steal my joy. It didn't come from you, so you can't take it away ;) My, how God is strengthening me. I love EVERYBODY!
Hey y'all yah girl been acting anti lol I have not been tweeting I just been looking #gotta stop
u wasnt even eatn them nuggets, they was gettn moldy in the backroom, somebody had 2 take care of em #skinnyfatperson lol
YOUR SONG 11:11 IS ON REPLAY ALL DAY LONG!!!ITS AMAZING!! IM IN LOVE WITH IT!!<3
Ever so slowly, I'm beginning to suck less at Powerpoint. Not sure how to feel about this.
I knew you would love that quote!
Smoked Venison Sausage, and Peanut Butter n Double Chocolate Brownies today
Day 7 of the 14 day #detox! Going well. :D
Ladies Night :)
Impact from VOC Delivery;Product Reformulation, New Product Design/Launch, Packaging Change, Contacting Consumers About New Product
RT : : Co-creation by the audience is next - recurring theme at SXSWi
Just decorated the Holiday Tree at INDIGO @ twelve|west...come check it out in our lobby, it looks awesome!
Going to my graveyard shift....My boss, the bed, is waiting for me ;)
i go to skool today -.- but im always on twitter soo yea hehe hopefully ^.^
The week is almost over! It was just Monday...wow.
looking at moving it to tomorrow early evening because of the weather. I will give you a call tomorrow.
That was one good workout!
Nice rainy Friday in Albuquerque. Nice day to shop - or not.
want to work behind the scenes at festivals? check out the newest resource for festival jobs!
yes! Sparing a thought for y'all today, would love to see it stay this way in 3rd.
please tell me Chris going to stop by when underrated hit Miami :) Btw June12th Hot Right Na #Bowwownation luv y'all >> BowWowToday
Thanks to my lil valentine for my hoodie!!! #BestValentineEver!!!
Romney said "hijinks". He talks like Mr. Burns on The Simpsons. That's reason enough to vote for Obama.
Just ate a rootbeer float c:
watching to kill a mockingbird with bob...
S/O to for a decade of speed suits and airmax! Lol love our new black and green speed suits! Gotta get new twit pic with it on
Whoa... Good lookin' out!!! Hadn't discovered that one.
damn that always happens from this app!
I wish we had at least boarded so we could have left via the emergency slide. That would have made up for a lot! Free suggestion,
Portlander really wants to help legalize weed, but he's "not stoked on the hella signatures you have to gather."
Netflix. I might as well live by myself with 100 cats.
#ff perfect angle shot. Driving in circles around the arch you can forget the grandeur thats within.
:O not true I DID!....well why wouldnt i??
the championship shirts are icky looking.
Me! RT : We are in full- Sweet Suite mode. Who's ready for this year's party before #BlogHer12? ~c
Choose to feel peace no matter your circumstances.
Just can't seem to leave the mall parking lot. MacBook separation anxiety.
I am grateful to be able to admit when I am in the wrong.
Exclamation points are the rule of the day! Why! Because R Dub! is the new PD of XHTZ (Z90.3)! And XHRM (Magic 92.5)/San Diego! That's why!
Check out 2010 Safeway Classic Photos and more on our new website!! www.safewayclassic.com
Hahahah pictures from last night = great success ! I think I should be a photographer ! <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
What do you call a parking lot next to an Armenian church? ... "park astudzo"
Going out to eat with mom an taylor :))
Today's agenda...decorating eggs, a gel pedicure, and finishing my article about and her magical book #FSS!
damn I slept like a princes last night. didn't even hear my friends leave.
Happy mothers day mommy <3
After Ur done getting Ur vocal cords warmed up at the #Milwaukee Walker Recall protests, stop at either BrassMonkey location for #Karaoke!!
Heading to LA for the #NAACPimageawards. It's party time.
we all can hang . i know you dont get to see him much
Can't seem to get warm :(.
In New York domestic life, it's a constant push-pull between insulation and space.
Beautiful Tennessee morning!
Playing Wil Myers at 3B, along with moving him around in the OF makes me think the #Royals will be moving a highly talented prospect soon.
Just joined the National Association of Photoshop Professionals-looking forward to reading the publication!
Come on folks! Not much longer until #HH can you make it?! If you can there's a nice cold #bartab drink waiting for you... =)
Me to I need a man “ Omg keet getting married all my friends getting married gotta fine me a man lol”
YES! When my friend Linda passed, her organs helped TEN people! Even her skin! Why bury or burn what's totally useful?
this is turning into #twitterwar2012, which is
Mary Ronan from - In order to have a vibrant city, you HAVE to have a thriving school district
FRIDAY NIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE LADIES FREE $10 ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOST BY & POWERED BY
I see you!! Doing it!! Congratulations miss, I hope that it is the start of a long and rewarding relationship!
Home from Roberts, had a good time now time for bed ((:
come visit me please. :)
call me 4044233229
MAKE AMERICA STRONG AND PROSPEROUS AGAIN!!
Yo! You remember the icky shuffle dog what kinda dance you gunna do when you score a TD.
Then I got that one dude who was giving me signs he wants to fuck... I was trying to talk to him but he just ignores me
My kid turns 6 today... I'm scared of when he discovers girls...
If you dont spread the word about #Kony2012 you have no heart .
A long time ago, we used to be friends.
Just read your manifesto, well put! Libraries are looking for ways to house and/or promote Lean Publishing
#favmoviequote It is you know how I know Cause I went to the fucking salon with her and I got my asshole bleached too&I love my new asshole!
LIKE LOL IM LIKE BORED!! HAHA DAM :/
Insomnia is winning tonight.
I'm hungry. Gonna try to find something to eat and then spend a little time resting.
good thing you guys are safe and no authoritative figure can get on this safe site to see this convo that could be a text
Already ordered here. I hear he's slamming away on the finishing touches.
As a leader have you delegated real responsibility to your team?
Oh, & new (to me) ingredient for a better gimlet? Agave syrup. Don't know why I hadn't thought of that. No simple syrup making necessary.
I love Angela Corey
Haha, #irony? "RIP Chris Brown" is trending right now. Support the #RevMellowChallenge, and help me secure a boxing match with the departed.
Live! Hafiz Saeed: Why bounty? I&#39;m not hiding in a cave!
Impromptu thrift store shopping w/Camille. I am getting a red snowsuit!
Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity - George Patton
my twitter was being lame ... Just seeing this now! Direct tv! Haha
anyone know off the top of your head how any days till kickoff?
Flyers v Penguins, great game brewing!
no problem :)
Are you ready for Global Action Week??
#GoTribe I didn't know that Rob Lowe was first given the role of Patrick Dempsey as Derek Shepherd. Patrick is perfect ...
I should have been tuning into BangBros instead of that press conference... A lot more would have gotten accomplished.
There's nothing like fast *****ing on a Friday!
PaladorBenjamin thanks for following me on Twitter!
Absolutely not! She is handling them VERY WELL!
just because their friends doesn't mean he has to like that specific team lol
WAT IT DO?HEARD YOU SPINNING "DAT WET DAT TIGHT" BY HUMHUKEY
Low scoring game
the things we can do w lotion
And funny d:
c u in July on my honeymoon! Can't wait 4 my hubby 2 experience #believe!
dude do it up
I'm rocking a hat! Lol
Good morning America. Quite dark over here already in Indonesia.
If she still colors in a coloring book
Happy Easter All !
Thx for the idea
What if he takes them to the finals this year? RT : Smh RT : Kobe said his list of the best ever goes "Wilt, me, Jordan"
I can't wait for Rupaul's Drag Race to start again.
ive had this leg cramp all day -.-t
it's AWESOME! glad you were able to attend!
Just got off my first NY subway ride!!!!! Last night was awesome!!! Now, time to go be a tourist!!!!!!!
Dear person who sat down next to me on the bus, you reek of smoke and are a hazard to my health. Please go away.
too funny
showing some major #MentalToughness @
Absolutely man, is the real deal.
might be worth learning to read academic german
Keep going, you can make it!! RT : I have 2500 words to go!
Any body remember the movie Brink on Disney Channel? Why don't they play it anymore??
Merry Christmas Eve everyone!
coffee time?
I am now following all of them--good suggestions!
lmao i sing in m bathroom while im shaving but thats about it, im a marketing rep
Why is there a cd in my pants. Wtf happened last night?
Finally found a cozy apartment in West Hollywood. Things are starting to settle in slowly.
#atxcouncil takes up item that would centrally formalize a set of rules that have poked up in the wake of open meetings trouble.
Where are you? I'm here!!!
In Moscow, Idaho. Just heard John Clayton with Monty Alexander and Jeff Hamilton and then Monty and John with Bobby McFerrin. Awesome!!!!!
Looks like laundry day will turn into days....
we play in the morning ): but maybe me&carly could still hang out with you or somethinnnn
yeah, Lions an Red Wings.
See this! Scent-sational candles and luscious fragrances.
Q: Other reports draw different economic conclusions than Fuller's Should they be considered?
like . . totally
Can you contact ? We'll be able to give you more details about our multi-lingual support. Thanks!
Neville...before finding the correct verified one, and re- find the quote put on the Sky Website from him about THAT tabloid Roy Hodgson-
there are plenty of inter-Ontic becomings, ahem, large and small!
I need it!
if you're going to the Today Show on the 14th we should meet up kk? i'm gonna be the girl with the giant blue and purple justin poster. ;)
Good Morning BALTIMORE! 9 more followers till I do the drawing for FREE LAPDANCES! Keep spreading the love!
do I remember correctly that you were reading 50 shades?
join the club!
Jam session tonight 8-11 at The Grand Bohemian downtown Orlando Florida
Cont. Should not have been where she was, that is bulls**t, rogue cops attack blacks irregardless of their status in this society.
Bacon and Beer truffle? Would love to see a picture of that!
Just finished up a BRB testimony we will be up loading it in a few- tell us what you think
Anyone else noticing way more spam comments recently on ?
Always - Drama is an actor's middle name... ;)
y r all guys the same........un trust worhy, he thinks i like my best friend bc hes a guy ........... well doesnt somebody have trust issues
“: Thats true. is the expert on drinking and just about anywhere. Especially Lawrence.” SANDBAR!
I just finished my song "Where I Stand" , ready to record!! I am so happy.
but here's bad news to counteract that, she probably left an unbelievable amount of work
Ah Canon EOS Rebel T3i DSLR camera is on sale again, just in time for my BDay. Is this a sign?
S|O to all young black entreprenuers, college graduates, and everybody moving and shaking...
Heavy Metal Cats! Key of Awesome
wrapped up the #bbwc - success!
I got caramel on my pizza stone! :(
Chilling at school,people in here doesn't seem too friendly so guess what ! I got my beats I'm gonna hear tyga #flyonetime baby !!
Sarah Palin hosting the & Wilson Phillips as the guest musical act -- I think I woke up in the Twilight Zone this morning.
New From Laura Mercier
Does twitter have a 'like' button? RT“: Olivia was fixated on the NFL Network entire time she was taking her bottle #ProudPapa”
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 26
Sometimes I hate being a responsible adult. Just sometimes
The ALR has begun. I'm not going to say where i am w clue #4. But there is a couple planning their wedding here, like Carrie in SATC movie1.
Thanks Jim! Customers satisfaction is extremely important to us! We'll be waiting for you and :)
Don't worry that there won't be a tomorrow, it's already tomorrow in Australia
trust me your all good
That's because you are. ACC is glorified high school
Patrick Crayton 23-yards into Raiders territory
Norv Turners new book..."how to win, and win big when it doesn't matter..."
#occupywallst Yesterday put pic from LibertyPark & today it was deleted. I'm attempting to upload it again. What abuse policy did I violate?
So, you deleted me off your friends list... What's your next big idea of revenge? Gonna throw a marshmallow at the back of my head?
as a 4 1/2 year student of airbrush, I have only used one. IWATA,.. now I have 16. It will never end will it? Iol...
If you're at work and anyone can smell your cologne, you're wearing too much cologne
Go Hard or Go Home Kids.
- Boys Are Crazi!
Why you got to be a hater like that...I don't mock you for liking Paczki!
So much good work on #WBN! We donated a load of great books to the Milwaukee Public Schools as part of #OAH12 Book Bridge Program.
I brought back the running man for class tonight. Good job ladies and gentlemen that attended!
“: i dont know about you guys but im ready to go out tonight.”I'm hoping to capture some gems this evening to send in!
follow it's just one button to press!!
Made a wish at 12:34 pm today I'd be sleeping before the next 12:34. Guess that wish didn't work.
Mad Girls growing up.
Can't sleep! Wish I had someone to talk to......
Fresh cut now what..
“: My dates here. Deep breath.”good luck <U+263A>
First day of summer session is a super awesome day for servers to all go down for the entire day. Yep. Awesome!
Thanks for the mention this morning! We appreciate it...
Absolutely! They'll always be the best ones too!
It is in the BEST INTEREST OF YOUR CHILD to be a good co parent. This should rule whether or not you live with the other parent....
Last day to save at Cladrite! Coupon code SuperDuperShip for #FreeShipping or SuperSave$10 to save $10 on orders of $50+....
How this can happen #FBI #PDX is covering up a conspiracy & murder of Margaret L. JONES/PorthavenHeathcarectr
New Job. BBI In CFL. Here we go again.
just call me when u can ha my phone isn't receiving texts
did y'all have fun?
please please please follow me on instagram!!!!!! my username is iluvya_nojoke!!! i need more followers! thankx!! :)
Stop tweeting that Montee Ball was arrested... He WAS NOT arrested. He got a damn ticket. That man is probably at home laughing right now.
you will girl
it just took me 10 minutes to find out how to type in this stupid twitty twAT TWAT BOX. like well so long spammy PROM PORN stars.
Can't DM you since you're not following me--Twitterism I'm following you so you should be able to DM me if you need help.
Buenos dias a todos. Good morning!!!
Going back to sleep...hopefully my dreams will be better this time
Obama knocked it out of the park.
What was Chuck like as a coach?
bahaha yes!! glad you got it!
Hello everyone! How is everyone doing?
WILL U FOLLOW OR REPLY ME?MY BIRTHDAY IS ON TUESDAY AND THATS MY WISH, AND TOO MEET U! I LOVE U SO MUCH <U+2665> HAVE FUN IS ASIA! 3
Holy morning wood! Morning, world.
I wish I could delete tweets from my TL
Having 5 boyfriends.
Thank you! Lol that video kicked ass, too. Excited to see more. We'll keep in touch for sure.
30% off #Pella - employee installed projects or 30 months special fianacing in #Albuquerque #windows #doors are u ready 4 WINTER? 225-5538
S/o to & 4going in on the TEXAS RELAY 2012 MIXTAPE. DIS HOE IS LIVE
Eventually though the craftsman needs to leave his box & get his music out to the people that want to be touched by it.
Happy Anniversary to my awesome and lovely, better other half. 22 years! Love ya mama!
#antiviral meds for #herpes can shorten and prevent outbreaks during the period of time the person takes the
Lot of interest in Center & merger at #AAM2012 museum conf.
Anthony Hamilton songs to my soul.
WTF!! That makes no sense...ugh!!
What are you up to on Sunday evening? There's live music @ #SpinBartini 7PM...come check us out!
Is totally basking in the glow of her Dames getting a standing ovation last night!!! So proud of you ladies (& Kris)!!
all the experience accumulates, to make you into one mega awesomely skilled person in the future ;)
good morning cutie. Have a great day! :*
I accedentally gave my baby whale milk is he going to be ok...hahahaha - made my day!!:)
Oh. I just realized it's not Friday. sadface.
there's nothing surgery can do, when i break your little heart in two.
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me32
": Age is but a number, maturity defines." Amazingly true <3
glad you think i'll make it to 40, haha
thank you, friend.
Rangers hold onto their 1-0 lead. #Caps fans, time to hold your butts.
ManchesterUnited goalie, my little wolverine is what???!
Take the good with the bad
Not sure how I feel about Kathleen Falk as a gubernatorial candidate. Can she really win?
I can only imagine what he is saying :/ I honestly feel bad for you because I play it, too. Sorry you have to endure that haha
hey nate- your page should be working exactly as expected now. sorry for the delay and thanks again!
We're coming. Expose. Empower. Unleash.
Absolutely! RT : #kbtribechat A4) Ceiling fans in all bedrooms and living areas can greatly reduce AC use.
Honestly, who would name their kid Peter Jurkin? Why doesn't he go by Pete, or Ryan for that matter?
Happy birthday hitler, amd rip Columbine victims
he has always been on bron's nuts. Loves the Heat. Worst NBA reporter.
That sounds fabulous!
Three of my coworkers owe me money and we get paid tomorrow
So excited! Leaving for in LA in 24 hr.! So much to do! Come see me and other indie designers Sunday at the Cooper Design Space
i said it once and ill say it again. hoes will be hoes. and yes im talking about you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
No way! Hug it out peeps! Hug it OUT!!! RT : Did you see it's also national "hug a newsperson" day?! :)
Nice lunch w/ Jeff Levy, #business coach @ The E Source and co-author of #makingthejump. Great #entrepreneurship insights cc
I'm just saying!
I know this lol
I'm sure you know exactly what I'm talking about.
Rihanna with a lil Sean-A-Paul moves lol
lol true but still
Lovingkindness practice. I've found my own name to be a reminder of inner worth, an invitation to presence, an inner temple.
Snow blizzard warning in effect since last night at 7:30 pm till.sat at 3 pm. Snowed alot. Total should be 24" man colorado is crazy
Lord give me strength..
on her birthday Keya's book will be released. There will be more plain truth in that than any previous..and it will get >>
Your car needs a pre-game stretch before you #ThunderUp. Call us, and we'll come to you!
I love good music!!!!!!
we love the hoes
I'm gonna make damn sure that you can't ever leave. No, you won't ever get too far from me.
What would Jesus say to Homosexuals today? The same thing he would say to Heterosexuals. Turn from sin (any sin), repent, & come to me.
#Indians traded Aaron #Laffey to the #Mariners for infielder Matt Lawson and cash
I may be BENT but not BROKEN, everything happens for a reason.
aw shit Robyn I might have to beat u down hahaha
This just in: An admiral from the Navy will be speaking at our club during the Sailabration. We'll let you know who and when.
Amazing day! Thanks to PTA advocates for lending time, talent, and VOICE to fight for kids. Can't wait for tomorrow!
#Newplay HiveMind: What are all the alternative models for supporting work and career? List 'em & include what already listed
I really wish I was at the beach right now!
Appreciate that! Good or bad feedback welcomed! Thanks!
So Obama loves homo's and Romney beat one up on high school?? Lmao oh my God this is gonna be the funniest election ever!!
Stoked for the refreshed to launch November 3rd! We heard that the new site looks fab!
this is tha carter, tha carter 3, the new testament, and i'm the god, and this is what i bless em wit
I'm glad that I'm not the only one that plays their guitar on the floor sitting crisscross :)
I'm about to take a nap, I'll sleep an extra hour for you ;)
LOL Bert: "Already?" to Roger's announcement.
Your cute(;
I knew the Heath Bell slide reminded me of the movie Angels in the Outfield when the crazy pitcher had his trademark slide into the mound.
Online dating sites for dogs are now available. What's next sex toys for dogs it's an inflatable mailman's leg
That would be awesome too! Not sure how that would work though.
#dsoc #sla2011 other polling sources- roper center, Polling the Nations, pew res center 4 people & the press
Microsoft is notorious for it. RT : "Bloatware". New term to me.
"You play the game to win"- Herman Edwards (2002, Jets head coach) Hey Norv why do ur boys play?
Lmao im sorry! RT : Shout out to , i am now scarred for life ... It will never be the same. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Yup! It really stings.
it locked u out from over tweeting on the other acct?
pretty good. about to do some shovelling:)
hey buddy
Get his cholesterol checked.
“: Won my first amateur mma title! 6-2!” congrats buddy
This is one of those night I need a somebody to cuddle with. Taking applications.
Thought I was the only one who needed pump music!
Ira Glass this weekend!!!
Haha, thanks. I totally feel you on the not hungry thing. It was too hot to eat when I got up this morning, so I had fruit.
15 page paper, 40 page paper, 6-8 page paper, 9 page paper. Peace out, #sociallife, I'll miss you for the next two weeks.
Are you trying to live through me?
listening to <3
I am thinking about getting a Mercedes-Benz A 200 CDi for a new car!
Awrrite Bet I'm kill it
I look at you and ask myself, how did i get so lucky?
Sure romney is electable. Sure Gingrich is electable. Sure Huntsman is electable. But can they really beat Obama?
Haha RT : You broads are getting pretty hysterical about this "War on Women" shit.
I think it's a demonstration of real strength that Boehner has put a Kleenex box next to his big gavel. <snicker>
I agree DW
#Moody, The Four Fingers of Death. Hilariously overwritten B horror novel about Mars, cryogenics, a talking chimp & a crawling hand of doom
i dont have any videos. but i can email you a song. whats your eamil?
Hope they make a lot of progress!
Forch on Your Porch at Trabant Coffee in the UDistrict tonight at 7pm! Stop by if you are in the neighborhood!
Night all...
Here at work, bored out of my damn mind.
NICE!!! Good call man
Random being nice
as asks: how is it that, post Star Trek, Chris pine has no career but Hemsworth (who played his dad for 45 seconds) has 1?
no I'm not. Sowwy I got distracted!
Are there any centralized events for Friday?
When you feel like you're drowning in life, don't worry because your lifeguard walks on water.
all i had 4 breakfast was a L
At movies seeing change up plan
Met a drag "icon" tonight #brrrpt!
Gotta pee
how you been.cunada? C;
Captain America sleeps for almost 70 years and all I can think of is how he didn't get pressure ulcers
Watching Da Vinci episode of #decoded. How cool that he inspired the Batman wing?!?!
Arizona allows people to carry concealed weapons. How did he get his gun and what pushed him to commit such an unspeakable and cowardly act.
I'm trying to get it on the band page :/ but it's not working
FINALLY Nunez does something good!
so glad you finally have a twatter
Dont forget: If you are coming to the concert tonight at , bring a NEW Bible to donate to the
love the new avi
soo im watching icarly and oh yea nothing like random dancing to get your blood pumping lol
About to finish a shirt design for !! Should i post it up?? or Should i wait?? hm..
your welcome! Thank u for the ride to the roof!
Downtown acting a Fool
Just tapped Captain Sig's Northwestern Ale
Thank you Great honest answer and great vent in 140 characters or less. #divorce, #familylaw,
who is this??
yayayyyy you have a twitter! Im so excited <3
I hope you clear your Friday for this awesome event at Birdy's on Keystone and 71st. See you there!!!The Protest, The New Guilt, Made Alive
Now I am going home and I am going. To been bored as fuck. Bro
aww thanks so much!!!!
Wow, so busy today
turning all my stuff in tomorrow and getting the hell outta that high school :)
12 hours at work today... & I'm STILL here -_-
Registration is open for today's noon tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). Sign up until 1:40 pm, start with 10,000 chips.
sounds like a plan, thanks for the support!
thanks for the shout out and very happy you could be there for the event
Carlos boozer canon blast in the 7th row:
way 2 go
I hope that everyone had a great Thanksgiving and Black Friday. I was up for opening day today at 3:30am. Going out again Tuesday.
Good night everyone my bed is calling, happy dreams
and... and all who attended! We had a great day celebrating #literacy with you all!
I kinda want to see this Dark Shadows movie
yeah dude ur coming u can get in chill im ready I'll b there
Yayy :D bb got the job. Now he can take me out on dates & buy me food <3 lol
Young, wild, and free
aahhhhhhh <3 second best thing of tonight <U+E328> I'm so happy boo ' !
Typical Hollywood crowd, I see.
Hey #rouxers haven't twitted inns while just deleting some old tweet hope u guys had a great holiday :)
"Oh my God I'm so smart. I got my IRC working."
Idk wat to do...?! Ppl helps give me advice or wat u think I shud do! xP
get the lowdown on Madonna and Lady G? Are we going to see a smack down?
Just got some very surprising news. Blushing <U+263A>
Love it RT : You had me at "ketch" : Have you tried our new sauces? Ketchapeno and Ketchipotle?...
When hiring for a startup, hire believers and passionate people, not those just looking for a job. - Julie Corbett
not in a rude way but who is ..like y ones everyone talk bout her?
With Nikki and sami what what! :D
#Following howdy
I can't tell my dad what I wanna say cause he'll kick my ass
The moment you really need a bandaid - think you find it - and it's a freaking sample of Breathe Right.
good luck! Hopefully we can raise some money for a great cause!
Well today hasn't been TOO bad, so far. Let's see what fun the rest of the day has to bring..
blake griffin had the best dunk ever. Just saw the highlights of it.
My body is so sore <U+E407>
#Theworstfeeling is when you wake up 5 minutes before your alarm is supposed to go off.
Words cannot describe how BORED I am!
my friend from church said my tweets are always sad, o.O untrue.
U guys just being ur funny-selves! :D
Leave #GOP alone. Someone has to be on the wrong side of history.
Haha what a great friend!
Great info at SDSocial Media Symposium today. Interesting people and tips.
I'm on a tram! I'm on a tram!
Nothing like the annual SouthPointe leadership banquet.
Hey, thanks for giving us our first shout out! Best of luck to you this season!!!
My pops is a Que so is my uncle and cuzzn we all Ques
Finishing up Nietzsche's Genealogy today in Intro to Philosophy. On to Du Bois’s Souls next week.
The hell you will!
I Love You So Much...(:
Lol kinda RT : i wanna cuddle kinda
At the #park bout to get this #jog in before a very long meeting today.
And so begins Stooges-gate.
Easter candy...must stop....
u have a facebook
Your body is the church where Nature asks to be reverenced
DOCC - "Rocc Steady" Music Video Coming Soon... Produced by
Ready to settle this battle
the longer you talk, the higher it gets
It's not till ur lost,that u can be found
550 followers !!! 450 left come on TWITTER !!!
so after telling everyone i want to be drunk, i'm asked what's wrong...what's wrong with a normally sober girl getting tipsy by 7?
Hi Ottmar, sorry to see that your Back Stage blog is close, I enjoyed it very much! I hope you keep writing.
Well, I'm down to a bowl and no smokes, my TV is on the fritz, got dumped tonight, and I'm broke 'til Friday. Dig your stuff
It was such a great line. Way to go POTUS speechwriters! RT "Everyone loves the "America will always win" line #SOTU"
lol and if you don't watch loiter squad or robort chicken... you must be a sherm
oh...ok..that's alittle different then.
lol sorry someone was on my twitter
Dat junt go hard RT MY HEAD GOT A SEA SECTION I JUST CALL IT WAVE SEX
thanks Trebor for the #ff mention:)
No Xbox. Too poor and not enuf time to really play. My career choice is way more time consuming then people think.
At Rivers Club listening to 's band!
“The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude
NEVER SAY NEVER THE FILM JUSTIN DAY THAT WILL BE ON SALE AT SUE VA MOVIE
you met me at a very strange time in my life
robot element
Ramen noodles and wine.. Weird combination, but I'm goin with it. It's been a weird week
RT “: Housewives with drunk husbands in Kentucky praying for Cats win tonight.”
I've got a story about one of my fails coming out soon in , be on the look out!
Your so cool! I hope your having a great day!
a random Indy number ive never seen before just texted me and asked if i wanna get busted up in. should i be offended or excited? lol.
The are currently holding a live Twitter chat. Great resource. This is your chance to ask questions!
New SHINS album Port of Morrow out today on CD and LP. Come buy it at any of our locations and receive a free exclusive limited acoustic EP!
Nah, never. My wife went one time, she loved it.
Thanks & for putting me on religion tweeter lists!
MT “: I don't know about you, but I'm spending the rest of the day trying to come up with a good joke about LBJ's penis.”
lol yes i do. ALL the time.
starting the week challenge
Maybe that's why I'm on disability nao. Lel
Have you seen #TheFighter? Christian Bale looks like Aaron's twin. Seriously.
back on?
Good season #Lions .. Sure as shit hope u "learned" this year.. Next year i expect a Superbowl victory!!
naaaahhh *waves away*
Hug more, shake hands less.
please use me
And hopefully it will only be hands.. and not any sharp objects, or worse!!
I'll take names!
If you want add a special feature to SeaSky Video Converter? What it would be?
Let's do it! RT : A9 Personal weakness chocolate with sea salt great wine pairing potential
Who knows. One Piece I feel could use a third chance. If it doesn't work, then we can all give up on it being on TV.
Lmaooo did you find out what state you moving too?
I need to come to Chicago more often. Here for a conference, very cool city.
fantastic use of the word Rapey. Gold star for you!
Lord, how the day passes It's like a life--so quickly when we don't watch it and so slowly if we do.
Ha! Not sure, don't read German...
that would get sticky!
really- are you at panel now? Looking into it..
I hope I pass the welding tests and ASE tests soon. So I can buy thing for her, I mean for myself. Single life!!!!
love the username :P
Be Somebody,Be A Ho - Eddie Murphy as Velvet Jones
celebrating #diadelatierra out on the Atlantic Ocean in a kayak
It's our responsibilities, not ourselves, that we should take seriously.
Thank you!
Yeah I hear ya...I'm loving being back in the EU...this is great!
if you're deliberately misspelling words to by-pass some sort of filter... Congrats, you're an evil spammer.
Not to brag, but I've now read Diary of a Country Parson AND Diary of a Country Priest. What do I get?
You need to compile a handy list of ESPN's scheduling tricks. For the greater good.
I wake up and Zoe is snuggling with me.
imma make u my bitch
See you there!!
so thoughtful! and yeah kind of true, be careful about ED's though, they are linked to OCD not just body image problems :/
Leave it as is Zachary. It is iconic.
well I come in peace and am offering to meet face to face with and
Can you pls tell us what happened? RT : #Seamlessweb fail of the day award goes to
LA blew it like a loud pack! Goodnight!
really tired ~goodnite~
That's an awesome photograph, CJ!
hey you what's up?
I use the twisosphere 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it wrong.
nice I like those
It may be that those who do most, dream most. -Stephen Leacoc
STALL: US 30 ramp to northbound I-405
.....lol..hit those snacks mama
thanks so much for joining us!
I'ma end up catching a YES today lolol =P
RT : Remember when that black guy killed that white kid and it took forever to arrest him? Me neither.
Gullible teacher...
It may not be on all counts but it is absurd how awesome richmond is
I hate when you see a spider, try to kill it, then it runs away and you never see it again.
One does not simply walk into Ray's bedroom.
oh hello there how are u
Join us tonight for an impromptu cracking open of a methuselah of Val Dieu Grand Cru. Tastings on the house starting at 5:30 til it's gone.
Wonderful And heartfelt trip to the children's hospital today reminded me of how blessed I am and how much I love my job and what I do
it's awesome!!!
i don't think i'll ever understand how a cowardly cat could call himself a man. you're all show, and it's getting old.
FOLLOW ME:)
Today is a perf day to stay in bed & write! Chilly/dark fall weather in #Chicago makes for a great #WriterWednesday!
thank you for the twit cam, it was great
You keep saying the I-8 police action is near the Greenfield off ramp. It isn't.It is taking place at the Grossmont Summit.
Can't wait to chill with my bros tonight :) Ships Are BROKEN'S first legit practice is tommorow :)
ima go to bed. I gota go home tomorrow cause im in queens lol ttyl
A Fresh Fruit Bowl @ Firehook Bakery is amazing! We serve the freshest seasonal fruit salad possible!
Why are you so paranoid? Don't be so paranoid.
your welcome
Working on a few vids this week... 1st up small city BIG DREAMS featuring Dominic Woodson
I'll send you one when I get home. All I have right now is my old 'stache pictures...
I simply love to argue w/ my 14yo at 7:30am. No child, you can't stay home because you're sneezing. You're going b/c today is the math final
What kind of an asshole flags someone's Instagram!?
Toney Douglas will be the first guard off the bench Duh,do we ve anyone else? Since lin's injury is more delicate than everyone elses.
Me!(: And i won't ever stop!<3
so according to you, you don't have to be a top player to the THEE most valuable in the league...? Lol
Does any Political Journalists or News Junkies care to discuss the Latest Stories on Friday?
RT : They said, "Reading it will feel like a day in the garden." Made me feel good.
RunTex might take charge of Trail of Lights - Austin American-Statesman RunTex might take charge of Trail of Lights Austin American-State
[A-to-the-man] “: A true gentleman will listen but he also instinctively knows what will make a woman's heart melt. #MANOLOGY”
Knowing that you've completely moved on from someone is a great feeling. (:
major winds to hamper any #wildfire fighting effort west of
You can be in it, if you get your people to request your music. You know you got a lot of fans ............
I don't understand why ppl don't go to college. Its hard getting a good job without having a good education
i know where this is all gonna end up at..
WOO, NO SCHOOL. :D
So I got written up tonight. A supervisor "felt" I was rude to them over the phone. Oh. And I wasn't on the clock when this happened either.
If you want abs like Hologram Tupac, you gotta cut the carbs and hour hit them crunches in bunches........(whispered) and be a hologram
What the hell does defensive receiver mean. Come on Let 'em play.
thanks for doin the show
i love it here! Such a great move. I have a feeling ill revisit for years!
Tucson farmer's markets beat Brooklyn farmer's markets. (Sorry, Brooklyn!)
oh my freaking gosh scariest thing of my life we are such good people!!!
I've found the cure to insomnia.......listening to Mike Bordick do "color" commentary. Dude is as exciting as vanilla ice cream.
Finally off work. .the 7 day marathon is over...
My music research is cooler than yours. That is all.
Just got a first refusal for a Comcast commercial shooting in Philadelphia.
fuuuucck we don't have anymore rice :/
hey I saw u at the show last night
Congratulations Mazomanie Nude Beach. You made the news in Milwaukee.
There are 45 minutes left to submit a video under one minute to the Short Attention Span Film Fest. Just send a link to .
Adventures in walgreens with Taras and Pedro
Mourdock is promoting entrepreneurship and employee-owned businesses.
"Follow your dreams to get to your success, follow your mind to take you there, and follow your heart for the warnings"
lol that means I'm not old yet
With the 31st pick in the #2012F2Amockdraft the giants with select Jonathan Martin OT Stanford
lives near atlanta georgia and lives in ohio :)
I typed up a short post for about a few minutes ago, actually.
Eree ass ova here watching Fairy Odd Parents -_-
Make sure to FOLLOW !!
Without accountability your destine to repeat your past. Proclaim your goals!!!!
Call it what it is - if one subtype of Autism occurs in Jewish clades, & we r attacked for it, call the attackers "Hamas" - like.
I miss you!! Come lay with me!!
<U+266C> Archie-Rose Music, soon to release series of instructional videos to You Tube. How to be Artist/songwriter & get start in music business <U+266C>
Who u got winning the NCAA tournament?
Lol. Rude?": I always get nervous when a lot of... people with a lot of... stuff get on the elevator at one time"
need to wash clothes
284 days is more important than your 3 ..
Morning!! Coffee time!
It's so hard nowadays, what with the gangs and the rap music ...
A year ago I began interning at #BGSD. I've learned a ton, met the best people in the world & became part of a great team.
Franklin Graham said that Obama is secretly a Muslim but Gingrich is a true Christian.
Wait are you talking about Josh Beckett or Bobby Valentine? Both fit the description!!!
- Has to be Stephen Colbert's Americone Dream! Can't wait for The #NetworkEvent in 2 weeks. ATTN Followers: RSVP to attend
"I went to the rest room too but..you.. You did something different"
Welcome to twitter, ! You'll be tweeting like a pro in no time! #followhersheissupercool!
Day dreaming about seeing my man in the flesh for the 1st time... 3 days and counting :)
Merry Christmas everyone!!!! New music coming very soon, so stay tuned!
This lady i no is twirling her alrdy short hair, n its pissing me off!! twirling n twirling n twirling, i hav long hair n i dont twirl oftn!
LoL... Just doin my part ;) ... The insane light situation was resolved btw.
love your stuff > especially the finger less gloves, very creative!
vandy/harvard got all the brainiac love. Duke/lehigh deserved the same. LU is a distinguished university.
Hey Seattle Twitter-bits! Who is going to re:public tonight?!
Good Game!!
He really believes he's not a jerk <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> he thinks he's a nice guy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
I love you so much! You and your brother are miracles.
Good Morning Loves!!! Today is my FRIDAY... I just love work for a University!!!!
When you book a job! Do not slack! It's the best time to give your career 110 percent! One job doesn't make you a star.
That commercial was funny as hell
In this short video, see inside Middleman's studio & his jocular response to "How do you know when you're finished?"
Will the Cowboys prevail tonight?
If the customer isn't right you need to persuade them to your way of thinking.
i want the carter 4
Just worked out and my stomach looks beast. :)
will ever say hey to me again?
I'm not entirely convinced that the US Open announcers on the random DirecTV side channels aren't sprung from the mind of Christopher Guest.
baby i miss you call me once in a while?
Today was my first bicycle-commute day (including going home and back for lunch). The trick will be to make a habit of it.
Lenore Wolfe--writing fuels educated activism and community building
I agree, it's when they project those personal values on others that I get angry.
Show of hands. Who likes their #NHLPlayoffs Old School?...I DO!!!!
hahaha he loves me :) I miss you too!! How's school?!
David Auburn: "How do you arrive at that point when you are so committed to a point of view that nothing will force you to reexamine it?"
She was in the class that had like 9 people and 3 teachers that talked really slow. Hello Kids don't kill me
How's your ballet classes going? lol
you guys are so sweet , nice && cool . you should do a USTREAM !
I need ideas babe ideas .
Ugly hoes, you can NOT have attitudes! You need to be nice, cause your looks sure ain't getting you nowhere!!!!
HOT NIXON!!
David DeCastro, #Steelers. Love addition to interior line as you know Mike Tomlin wants a better between-tackles running game
are we ready for the final mix?
From tiRED to inspiRED!!! It's not GAP, it's The Media Duo wearing red at #Wssmiami!
getting into How I Met Your Mother yet again. is just too cute.
hahaha you have the twitter app right? Buy tweetbot is better 100% and only cost 3 dollars
Thanks to many #families in #Philly can enjoy a true #Thanksgiving feast. Thanks for all your hard work & good you do!
": We're so busy watching out for what's just ahead of us that we don't take time to enjoy where we are. - Calvin & Hobbes"
Staples update: you can earn 2x points for actions taken on staples.stickk.com. Organize your office and earn gift cards and supplies!
My boss saw my tattoo for the first time and exclaimed "You're with the birds!". I don't know what that means but I enjoyed it.
This game is painful. What is it about Turner Field that shuts the #Brewers down so bad?
I'll have sausage. "Patties or links?" Me: Don't tease me.
o fancy :) haha yea but my dad ain't letting me yet and I'm like "PORQUE!?" I need money :p
Lolz! I love leg kicks.
Ante up. They want attendees to talk to one another. Yay!
just heard laura moreau @ karaoke, slaying Round Here. I mean, she SLAYED it. took it to where it's always wanted to go. goddam
..I hit a bird a few days ago driving....it's still there xD
WoW! Congratulations Ryan! You are joining a Great Group! .. But let's still do G+ HOA Music Stuff :)
I have Back it up stuck in my head
The key to a successful life is knowing how to invite people out for coffee. 1 skill to rule them all!!! (As in networking & dating lives).
we don't care much for you either bigot
What should I subscribe to with my gift card - , , or (+a book - it's cheap)?
It's gotten you at least one new follower! (me)
Which "one sport?" We're #2 in the Capitol Cup standing. Where are you all ranked...or do you even exist?
Not it
Listening to Passion Pit for the first time in years. It's causing me to have flashbacks from my first year of college. I don't like it.
And then I just have to remember that fate has control and everything does happen for a reason.
moving where Phi?
Compared to conventional lighting systems,LEDs consume less energy,emit little heat,operate at a low wattage without sacrificing performance
#nomnom is right! Did you have dinner last night or do you have a reservation for tonight?
Tx so much for the RT. We are really excited to remain in the same standing with EWG this year!
good morning hon xoxo
Lol thank you :). You are sweet :). It just reminds me of the How I Met Your Mother episode about girls with crazy eyes
I love being massaged. It's like sex to me. Except I already like sex ... I think I need a new analogy... o.O
I loved that movie young frankenstein, scared the hell outta me!
Fort Bend County libraries mean business. You cannot have noise, unless you are 2. It is particularly child friendly. Teenagers behave!!!
Thanks for following! Be sure to blow us up this #FF coming up!
BALLROOM BATHS & HOME DESIGN NOW OFFERING 6 MONTHS 0% FINANCING! (CALL FOR MORE DETAILS!) 630.236.0608
Also, I fail at twitter - sorry for the random retweet!
Headed to to see fight !
thanks for the nice tweet!
So true!
Tony and Jermaine are tearing it up on #TheVoice tonight!
Ahh Bed. There you are. I love you.
Even in this crazy life and through these crazy times its u,your the one whos always there for me. ily!<3 ((:
I hate it when girls bedazzle their pics...you beautiful the way ya are!! <3
Copying is illegal.
Have you used #Boxcar?
Time: it's precious, and you can't keep it, so spend it wisely. Always, always respect someone else's time, or they'll never respect yours.
DJ SPIN WILL BE ON THE 1' S AND 2' S!!!! EVERYONE $5 AFTER!!!! WE GOT A SPECIAL DEAL GOING ON, IF U HAVE A AVALON WRISTBAND
now #following :)
You're welcome girlie!
Wearing the fake one from m know on lol
Getting excited for our premiere screening of #ScavengerHunt tonight at 7pm!
didn't kno u was so interested. U barely pay me any attention
RT : Big congrats to Joe Thomas in staying a brown for the next 7 years - Good look inking a future hall of famer - GO BROWNS!!
will do:)
Ooohh.. what did she look like "up close?"
Beautiful #westchestercarnaps2k12 effort just now from Join the revolution.
I can't deal with the word "Masseur" like seriously.
sorry I nvr wrote back I think ima do it on why the STAARS should b removed
What is in s mouth?! Behave yourself joe!
Relaxing weekend. Ready for a final and cross town move!
taking out contacts are soo annoying.
Yes B.A!
Still need another panelist for presentation on Asian mass media/popular culture. Can send you panel descript
Thinking next for the next Follow Friday, we should give shout outs to some of those who've helped us so far! Thoughts?
#druhill throw back on WPGC right now.
happy Monday!
#nowplaying 5 O'Clock - (feat. & Lily Allen)
The Dec. 27th attack was called off because Gen. Montgomery wanted to attack in the snow storm but it stopped before he could.
Just looked at my Ebay account, and somehow I managed to sell $4k in 2010. NO CLUE how that happened, nor do I know where that money went.
mah! What's so Alli about it?? I'm missin NY!
Super Tired I&#39;ve had a long week ugh :/
yeah, like I was gonna get some chocolate anyways.
#CNN confirms: Beastie Boys founder Adam "MCA" Yauch passed away after a battle with cancer. He was 47 years old.
I know, I would have thought more for FB.
meeting this morning with SPBA board and Venture Portland
He only did that 939478978398894709409784680708937809648608378964809798369864 x to the Cavs in that one series
Wat goes great wit football??? Hot wings!!
$ometymz we all need a wake up call.
Seski head to tailgate at Reser Stadium
there's a pickup truck driving around downtown area w/ tons of lights. Still haven't managed a pic though
Every awkward/embarrassing moment is an exception being handled. :P
We finnaly got that nigga to the hospital so we can
new kid comes tomorrow.. #gross why do i have to show her around?
Just met Thurman Thomas.
My dogs got into the dog food and went to town. They nnow smell like ishh!
I'm free after five!
Depending on the meeting, I worry that stupid shit will be decided
If I mention them or their specialties, will they tweet me a virtual coupon or special offer?
Thriller Jason? Thriller?
Life is short, so do what you need to do NOW! InSpotter mobile app
Thank you and for the RTs and mention!
I hate new bein accused or some 1 assuming abt Me
contemplating what it will take to reach guru status...just have to keep cleaning.
I'm in Orlando at the 2011 Autism Conference. Who is here???
Smashed up my everything
I get encouraged by dark things. Is tht #weird?
Jesus Ezekiel Jesus.
I was supposed to have BEEN at work by now.
Judge Says No to HP and Oracle… | AW WebBiz &amp; Social Media Blog
RT Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.-- Dr. Seuss
Thanks for the follow, Mike!
Motivation from "Your brain is like a gun that you load up with tiny bullets of knowledge" I'm gonna blast this last midterm ha
||Ukraine|| home! FLEX re-entry was awesome thankfully to some ppl =P
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH ! <3 3
follow back
we hope ur doing ok, hope that info helped Mon. Our nxt outreach is 5/12 morn, we'd love 2find u! Cld u msg us where you'll be?
thanku i will add u guys later i would love 2 skype u guys i luv u both very much
Okay so today started off bad hopefully it gets better
First case study for GridGlo shows 22% power reduction=wow
": It keeps telling me wrong password. Have you heard of that prob? Even when I change it then go back in it says wrong pw again.
U see the metro Boston Citi Team uniforms
that would be appreciated
Just woke up :P #goodmorning!
i will be, ultimately. currently, i am furious at myself for so badly misunderstanding my friend.
Jack and Jill was surprisingly funny!!! Love #al Pacino!!!!
U C Davis students chanted :"You use weapons! We use our voice!
Life's better when you don't stress over things. Trust me.. (:
Sounds like a pretty cool place!
WHY AM I STILL UP??? DANG<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
My phone has totally lost it's mind and keeps posting the same thing over and over all by itself!! #transformers are taking over
Cause when you're done with this world, you know the next is up to you.
It is a BEAUTIFUL day!
As much as i want to win the #FUSE contest. I atleast want someone from the fan club to win. the answer is Orlando, 40-26 , 4 TD
Separating hangers -_-
I just started my 5th notebook as the Kiwanis Alumni Specialist. Tons of notes for just 6 months! I hope to accomplish some of the ideas.
I'm Not As Cool With Some People As I Once Was.
St. Patrick's Day is almost here! Stop in and grab a cute beer-themed shirt for only $5!!!
Hey Cora Jean
I participated last year and haven't been able to look twice at that project ... we'll see. Good Luck to you tho!
Clarification: asked 4 my "crab opinion"-so, yes; besides, I liked what the #wetbandits did to the place
I got asked to be on the biggest loser today...the only problem is I can't stop winning.
Are you saying Pharma does no good?
Jay-Z prefers Beyoncé now that she&#39;s sworn off heels, lip gloss
no thanks Brian! Will check it out!
k well we reached 200 followers, im off now (: ~Dana imma be on
New to-go sushi place in Suburban Stn wraps each piece in plastic. It's the most Japanese thing I've ever seen, and I've been to Japan.
Perhaps Chaz does! Didn't you send it to him, too? I guess you'll just have to do it all over again...
everybody is screaming at how muchg $ it costs sounds like we have a health care crisis not a budget crisis
"This time, like all times, is a very good one, if we but know what to do with it." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
SLIGHT RISK for Severe Weather for the entire area on Monday. Damaging Winds & Large Hail will be the threats.
What was with that random dude who kept hugging cooper's mom?
no, I think we just need to develop an Eric Wedge vaccine.
So sorry for Friday noise. HS student group on an official visit were learning how to use a uni library. Will address issue.
So dead today
me too D:.
#inferenceandethnography wins prize for the longest
oh haha not the smartest idea lol
Yo !! I loved your energy, and I look forward to hearing more music from you! Let's build Hun!
We have tickets in hand for the Kill Devil Hill show on Oct. 29th. Check our website for details and order yours today!
certified pimp. Hahah
Oh how come?
musician with cancer
I've been smiling at my phone all day <U+E056><U+E056><U+E056>
finally above 60 degrees time to regrip the Mizuno's!
Fuck I need chino shorts
Louisville is 5-for-11 from beyond the arc and 1-for-10 from inside it. Makes sense.
One takeaway from High Museum's ArtClix app: image recognition is hard.
I wish summer would get pregnant so we'd have 9 months off.
Happy Friday Travelers!! Have a safe and happy weekend!
It's my mission this summer to read and finish 50 Shades, so excited.
Time To sleep after a crazy night ... Cross Country Flight to #CALIFORNIA in the early morning <U+2639>
Some people take things way to seriously ps who the hell is Jasper hello temptation how dose he always get my number :-)
Omg so close
Old Lady bitch got me fucked up,i hit old ppl miss...
LOL I think it counts, he loves himself more than anyone #trueloverightthere (;
Packers not looking real crisp through a quarter and a half of this one
Rolled thru and picked up the goods!! Combat 3Berry and Shred.Matrix tabs!! Thanks Chuck!!
Teaching 4th graders to play ice hockey then game later
if only you had someone cool to talk to.
RT : I love watching entrepreneurs make game changing relationships. Thanks for making it out to SURF last night!
What it do twit fam??? Whats New been gone for a min now im back up in it
What the mind can conceive, it can achieve- InSpotter mobile app
***FRIDAY SPECIAL*** Get 1,000 Twitter Followers for only $25 Dollars. 1 Day only! Must place order before Oct. 1st!!!!!!
Just heard from my parents.
SANTA FE on NW 23rd has A FREE FOOD FIESTA from 7 pm to 9:30 pm NEW YEARS EVE...
Doing great! How are you?
good morning!
wow. clippers. gotta give em props. 27 point comeback, that's skill...
Listening to Pandora on my iPad.....
Power and money, or the revival of your country and people?
People were already complaining about the secularization of Christmas 117 years ago.
lol my cousin gives good massages! I'm like drooling over here :p jk
Excited to watch Castle tonight. Nathan Fillion makes me happy in my places.
I lost the Little Drummer Boy game today at Green Apple Books.
Well that was awful! There's always the Bruins!
collective intelligence - no one person knows it all so we gather to pool knowledge and skills
If you're starting an amateur #blog, would your go-to still be ? Or is now the favored contender?
Try changing your password. It's usually really easy to fix (I got spam from you too) PS - saw you w/STT & Fugazi
There's actually a place in Atlanta called Chico & Chang's Mexican & Chinese Takeout. Just give up, other businessmen.
Cool. Thx. I have I checked out Nexus. Really easy 2 install & great documentation. Can tell u put a lot of time in.
you can leave your hats on.
I came from a broken home. No seriously, I grew up in a mobile home. Everything was broken in that fucking place.
hey Imma follow you make sure you follow back
click my follow button?? :) it would make me the happiest EVER!
Ready for him to come home!!!
My students have been the best medicine I have ever been given. I truly appreciate them.
Damn Diablo 3 looks like it goes in
I think tonight I'll just stay home and play with my bookmarklets.
O I didn't know how you spelt his last name ha
#sea What is the most honest thing you have done?
question: what would you do if I sent you a paper bag. And in that paper bag was a kitten. A kitten wearing kitten mittens?
what are your options?
Its Sunday so I keep thinking that I have to last minute homework to do. Nopppeee. Summer is here:-)
TONIGHT - The Night B 4 Thanksgiving Party with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!!!
im so bored!
Hey there Great to meet you! Hope all is well!!
Tried following the Hello World tutorial. Uploaded server.js, but I get an error telling me the app directory is empty.
Pop for the ring breaking but I don't like the no contest finish. Also that wasn't legit
RT And thank you to all of you who have already followed me on :)
please come to New jersey! wee love you here!!!
#ff Amazing saxophonist and composer. Produced and played on my upcoming album on , check him out!
i woke up this morning with that girl by all time low playing in my head...couldn't resist listening to them this morning
Is Bron Bron rocking the drunk tweet???
Not going to lie, watching this fight makes me wanna break out my Wii Boxing
Its not something kids think about when in the heat of the moment, they expect people that look scary
Happy Turkey Day!!!!!
KTD donates new logo and business cards to District of Paws dog walking!
Ok Blazer fans. I am tired of reading about who Allen has or has not interviewed for manager or coach.Time to crap or get off the pot.
Someone please tell me that Cher isn't seriously in a J14 magazine.....
Let yourself fall.
lmaoooo! Omg I haven't heard that in forever
Birthday eve Cabernet on the deck. Cheers!
you should be! Ahh jk! How are you?
How does the sound quality compare to original vinyl if it's being pressed from digital files?
Starting THIS Thursday @ MLT-Original Band Night! Coming up 4/5 is Hollow Drive! Come check them out! Show begins @ 9!
All the King's Chins
Fei ji! Just flew in one of those today.
Right now the last person students ask for help in academic libraries is the librarian...
What doesnt kill you makes you stronger
Wish I could make it out to the Drawing opening, but see you on Sat at 1PM.Best wishes on a great show!
Waiting for thought police to come knock on my door next.
he'd have to change his wardrobe lol
you do!!
Lol I was about to go open an account lol
Seriously though and show is absolutely inspiring they are Aahhhmazing.
- is tonight's game televised locally??
Wedding invites in the mail. Guess that means it is really happening! #excited!
When you love someone, stalk them free. This is more of a sing-a-long...if you love someone..stalk them frreee!
We are excited to have you!
I"m no campaign expert but I think that's an early stage thing. This close to June 5 should be focused on GOTV
Ms. Duff speaks of the language skills and benefits in reading that stay with students through high school thanks to FLES.
that moment when u haven't seen someone in a while and u finally see them and first thing that come out your mouth< i thought u died>!
lolita by throw me the statue is equivalent to me jumping around dancing.
WELCOME TO TWITTER <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Let your life begin and your clarity define you, the only person that you are living for is yourself remember that in the end its up to you!
Rumor has it....
its in the 70's in Texas! Come visit the dirty south!
we need to go to korean bbq one day :D
tried to call you
THANK YOU to everyone who came to our album release at last night, we sold it out w & , thanks guys!!!
RT for all of the girls that call themselves "Mrs. Smith" !<3
New York Mets best record in the MLB!
“Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning.” ~Ben Franklin
Great! I'll look forward to that. I am so sorry you didn't get to see Milwaukee, though. This city on the lake is a gem.
Nothing can stop us! RT : Rainy day at #UCBrunch but im still having fun
Come to New York Comedy Club on Sat 4/21 8:00 to see me do stand up!
Hey Jamie Moyer just won a game at 49... You can swing a bat right?
The one and only time I ate at Arby's (in Boston, BTW, in the 70s!), it was late night and the roast beef tasted like fis
Joe Duffy,where are you?wondering why employeesof SanDiego City News havent been paid?Call me or I could golooking for you if you prefer.
ill dm you
Lucroy lines a single - RT : #fearthebeer lets go brewers
They are doing bp!?
GUESS WHAT. My mom got me tickets too see you this summer. W/ (; CAN'T WAIT.
shut up see that's why I can't be nice to lil mindless boys
Thanks so much for following! We hope you like our site. And an early welcome to the District for your show on Sunday!
Sounds good! I'll be at Manitoba's tonight from around 7:30PM till around 9 or 10PM, stop by if you're in the area!
Stocks slip on concerns Euro crisis will spread US stocks fall after Ireland asks for help from the European Union, traders ask who's next
WINNER WiNNER CHICKEN DINNER!! lol RT : all over that lol
When old people bitch about how much things better use to be in the old days <
Turkey and Friends meeting tonight, same place same time
Wearing a blazer, looking sexy. 50's called earlier, told me I looked good
so true!! They know the roots about u!!!
really...it applies in every context.
OH can regulate our work on the ground in OH. We can get this right. Gov Kasich on #natgas at
And apparently it just got worse....will post more in a few...
Ok. Nevermind Mc Donald's. My soul is crying. Oh well...
is working on his President Report.
A jealous girlfriend is a faithful girlfriend. If she doesnt get jealous when someone has your attention, it's because someone has hers.
Hey . can you please keep me updated with the ICONic Boyz & Vinny's dance class . please (:
#WaysToGetShot talk back to ya mama
When are we going to start talking about the real #infosec threat? The employee! Anyone done #phishing training? Time to put $$ into prep!
Watching dolphins and enjoying drinks at The Beach House in Cardiff
My annie trippn , bitch give me them dam keys
happy mothers day!
Thanks for coming!!! RT : sorry I had to leave. So good to see you. Also Loved the last song!
has the small hands.. But has the teeny weenie :'-(
8th graders are coming to look at the high school today....I remember, that tour didn't help me with anything!
Grading, laundry and groceries....
LMFAOOOOOO PHILLY LEADING YO IM CRYING
sounds fantastic!
Wow...NOW I remember WHY I stopped watching #BBW ..Suzie's mouth ANNOYS me, rachettness by "grown" women and NOBODY IS A WIFE! Go figure!!
RT “: It should be understood that you only get one "bless you" no matter how many times you sneeze.” true and hilarious
Gaybi??? I am simply speechless concerning that eye shadow. lol
I have to make #technical #diagrams today for thermostats... #graphics #design isn't always as much fun as they lead it on to be...
austin's crazy curly hair >
RT : Jealous: "It may take weeks, but we will ensure that the rule of law applies in Sanford."
I'm a hopless romantic
This looks incredible! How long will the exhibit be in place? Is there a website with more info?
I love Barack Obama lol Michelle you got a "goodern" <3
What a fantastic weekend-thanks to all you #hybridirelands folks for stimulating ideas, fascinating dialogue, and after-hours merriment
Stephen Covey book the Speed of Trust. A main component is listening, without focus on the intent to reply; most do not
i'm kidding dude.
Yes, TGIF! Have a good weekend!
So now that the #NFL season is officially over.. what's next? #NHL avg tix price $76. #NBA $47. #MLB season around the corner: $46
Friday is here... & so are the showers! Showers & storms likely today around Central Ohio.
So far, they've used their laptops to look up some pertinent information I've asked for. At the same time, some seem to not be paying attent
Not sure how that officer was found not guilty! The video had enough evidence. Smh.
What can I say, White Boy Red Necks are stupid fucks!
Happiness is a lazy day!
GRAND SLAM NEW GUY!!!!!
How do you handle linking to subscription databases?
Ten exams review days. Gonna have a trip then.
you can tell i haven't smoked today. irritated as fuck.
Chapel Hill on Getaways?? Oh hayy
i like it, you look good
what time and what airport?
there's been some comparison to him, so I guess we'll see. Said his fastest 40 time was a 4.26
Squid vs Whale release opening is gonna be tons o' fun tonight.
Sports being in my time away from work, not on state time.
Oh shit, I'm not wearing green today.
did u edited ur photo ??
Thank you for following! Looking forward to learning about the artists.
Great museum app:“: Props for great content by in Infinity of Nations app family guide! #mw2011 #simobile”
I went to Costco just for the free samples.
And then they all died. The end.
I mean, niente
Fergie says "a girl like me doesn't stay single too long" guys forget that until I'm gone !
I need my rest if not I'll get bags under my eyes :(
I want new episodes of My Little Pony already. :(
I'm in Toward All Digital Workflow.
LISTEN-IN & CALL-IN "LET'S TALK SEX" Dr. Rubinstein hosts Lou Paget BlogTalkRadio.com/LARubinstein.com 6/25/11 10:00 AM EST
It's not easy, but it's possible -- things I found out about 3 months ago. What city??
thank you!
that moment when you feel like there's a million needles poking your heart.
RT : Much like RT : Biden Minimizes Browser Window Every Time Obama Walks By (heh, heh, "minimizes")
#Huguely lawyer to jury "involuntary manslaughter requires your careful consideration".
Hope you fell better soon Ms !!! Cant wait to play when your arm is all healed :)
Oh! sorry! We had storm problems last week, no power. stay safe!
I can send you a picture of Malcolm and I, but I guarantee you it won't bring you as much joy as Biscuit's pic brings me each day.
Right! I just got out of the movie and I loved it!
doin hard work makes u score BIG!
Safe, sound, and oh so cute!
Oh, I won't beat him. Some lunatic out there will though. By publishing crap.
Coming from an artist, that is a very nice compliment, thank you!
I'd prioritize the laptop. Preferably a 15.6" or a 17" for you. Haha but what do I know. I don't know shit about film
Employers get good feel for a candidates personality, qualifications, communication & interests based on #Facebook activity
I'd be amazing at the recorder (AKA the clarinet's retarded nephew). RT Ever wonder what would happen if you had more fingers?
Everyone follow & buy there iPhone app they have the best push services for Twitter facebook & mail these guys are awesome
Lots of Blue Box folks at #railsconf! Come say hi and get a BB sticker!
I like how you're smart and stuff.
My room looks like a stoners room rite now
The gravity of the situation requires nothing less.
That moment you eat so much you feel pregnant
It's a really unique color. We're fans!
hey can u follow me thanks
Words to live by. * RT : Love is like water. If it doesn't flow, it stagnates.
NEVER NEvER Do That!
Watching prospects of Midwest/Great Lakes snowstorm come X-mas Eve/X-mas Day.
I can send it to you of to have a drop box account.
Okay good one, well you never know, my creative endeavors does involve creating my own products, & Detroit is the ideal place.
We need at least five votes by the City Council body to make D3 map an option and go against the legal opinion.
I bet Jagr and the old Fox Robot Hockey Guy from the 90's are in cahoots over this whole #JagrWatch fiasco
i love ur lips as well hun
Love the headband alternative to a veil!
Happy Tuesday All!!! Nominate a deserving female from NYC area for the ULTIMATE makeover...times running out!
I'm done. I'm done texting you first. I'm done hoping you'll call and I'm done crying myself to sleep. You're just not worth it anymore.
I know! We will coordinate it. Are you living back there now?
Sit down to do homework...Open facebook. Actually start on homework 2 hours later.
I was just forced to take a pic with peppermint patty and Marci.
Happy Tuesday everyone!!! Mention Twitter or FB and receive 10% off...(Offer excludes tobacco products, cigars, & Kratom)!!!
Cool got alot of good things coming up good networking event.
Some people you cant help but hate...
I have zero tolerance for Fat hoes at the gym ZERO
Howard Stern just crushed on the Today Show.....
Anything else interesting said about the O's?
Yup! Eh, oh well. Lol RT : Haven't heard much out of those black bear fans tonight
: Brilliant win of 48hr film frenzy on !!
Why yes, I'm a terrible friend. Cannot invest my time wisely.
Problems are only opportunities in work clothes. - Henry J. Kaiser
I was wondering what happened to the Chevy's in Mission Valley...random visit there and realized it was closed!
One see's clearly only with the heart. Anything essential is invisible to the eyes.
<U+E443>It's so windy my 15 lb. dog is getting blown over! <U+E443>BOL (bark out loud)
Love the tease that is SF weather. Sunny and cloudless; gusty winds makes it jacket-mandatory weather.
RT : Money is not the tool of the moochers, who claim your product by tears, or of the looters, who take it from you by force.
Less than an hour for the #Rangers ALCS game 4 to start! Do you think today's game is a must win for the #Rangers?
I agree. Although the contracting would be hard if they let us choose. Plus, what if we choose someone and they can't do it?
Don't fall in the with the ni**a, fall in love wit the moment...playa playbook baby! Lol!
I got you covered!! I'll give you gel nails so your natural nails can heal and grow out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> I've got glittery pink...
Stephanie is the best ever (;
-- don't want a reason to stay. I can't have someone hold me back. I need to get away from this place. What should I do!!!!
Happy New Year!
'bout to start my insanity work out for the day #fuckkkk<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Thanks to everyone that attended our Launch Party last night!
This phone is stressing me.
No, no I won't be gate checking my briefcase. This, no F line, no kiosks at car return... Next time, I'll just pay 's premium!
Adrian Johnson has NEVER gave Yankees calls their way....
Happy Birthday
It's the BBC's Robin Hood television series.
I want a new tattoo!!
Happy Birthday!!! I'm a big fan of The band, but you're my favorite.
Impossible is just an excuse not to start: 5.03 mi run with a pace of 11'23"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
It is really one of the best moment for freddy. Congrats to him for a
Actually sell something with text marketing, track how many sales you made, to whom and why they bought it. AMAZING!
Convinced my mom to not let me go to school today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Plaza I steak soup, cornbread and pumpkin beer. SO DOMESTIC.
It's way too early to be talking that loud on ths train......
Man this heat, eh? Cool off on Wednesday (3-5), we'll have free iced coffee, icees, and other frozen drinks at coffee hour @ Brown Garden
I'd keep playin I don't think the heavy stuff will be comin down for awhile
No one quite knows me better than my DG, aka princess, Barbie, miss sparkle style, superstar, Mami......:) I love u
finished with remote, waiting for
Yes! It happened RT Holy crossover! The black smoke monster from #Lost just came out of a lady's vagina in #GameofThrones!
Consider utilizing a 529 plan college savings account. Investments grow tax deferred and there are no income or age limitations.
These are so much fun!
Cumberland collective. don't miss them. they'll move you to dance and then move you to tears.
I'm not coming back for spring break :(
Thought Milwaukee was? MT : Context on Joey Votto deal: Cincy is the smallest local tv market in United States among #MLB cities
its fixed now, apparently I hit the wrong button...but I'm now retweetable :)
Well looks like the same ol song and dance in Newark...devils swarming
I was fucking sleep & she gone wake me up on some bull crap .
it's been inspiring to read the passion in your Open Web tweets today. Keep leading the way--I'm behind you.
Sorry, ran out of room for my smiley :) It just sounds unsupportive when people say they won't watch b/c of a specific celebrity.
Today’s episode was amazing! We love Ellen and can’t wait to start on Lisa’s home.
": " Live your life to express, not to impress.""
I'm as invisible as the wind to you. Even though you apparently love how the wind feels.
Shout out to for the 18 pizzas! Thanks, Ed Davis!
with the Halloween season coming, please give a Black Cat or Kitten a forever home, 99% of Black Cats never leave the shelter alive...
Ya know... in other cultures the young care for the old and they are only trapped in the burbs if they wanna be.
on behalf of the internet....thank you for that.
#ThingsThatMakeMeHappy When my gas tank is full, I'm off, I got to hang with my best girl, and I have him(: how can it get better?!(;
There are lots of toy lines that might make okay action movies, but battleship is one of the dumbest ideas one could have
Hey chica! Your picture is so purty!!
it would be awesome dont deny
Wtf? Don't get all pissed off 'cause you can't play.
rest in peace, Mr. Clark... Enjoy your new show, "Heavenly Bandstand"....
Did a little spring cleaning and got rid of 4 trash bags full of trash and 3 trash bags full of clothes !
Let's go norfolk state!
Kenny, I want to hit you up on Linkedin if I may? I'm trying to gain good contacts in sports and at Gatorade. Be good brotha'.
I didn't know you are a Cappy!! We rock!!
RT : Sen. Pipkin refers to as $2 billion man...referring to amount in new taxes since the gov took office.
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <3w
I'm seeing the Lions winning this-we can't stop their passing game
Fantasy: As I turn down the radio to help a hot customer she tells me not to because she loves the song. Then I jump the desk and we escape.
Dear Internet: What are your favorite non-dairy snacks?
awesome video...more should follow your lead.
I think that means it was a successful workout though
I'm gone kiss you right..
Ha! thanks Kay! Have a great Tuesday!
Politicians in parades are like commercials before a movie. Somewhere between tolerated and annoying.
YES! “: Rise and shine social team! Get ready for a fun afternoon in the salon. ”
Thanks for RTs, Steven!
Going to the nyc pillow fight without a pillow! [his should be interesting.
I bet we get more than one...I heard that #traderjoe's likes opening more than one store at a time.
your welcome! :)
hi everyone i havent been on in a loonngggg time xD soo tweet me if u want! =D
It looks to be a great resource - simple tool set.
Thinking bout posting a track for yall tonite... Testing my engineering
Absolutely insane game between Barcelona and Chelsea. Chelsea holds off Barca with only 10 men for 45 minutes and scores twice
Love....unconditionally.
Get it? Would rather argue than seek truth?? Really u don't get this??? Jesus.
RT : RT : Good people! My film "The Color Of Acceptance" will be on ABC TODAY at 1 PM set your DVR- Indie film!”
Come on Clippers let's get em !
Pie Addicts - Appalachian Granny's Pie Tasting, this Saturday from 1-3 pm, 4989 Cleveland Ave., here at ACME of course. Tastings are FREE!
Sometimes RT : you guys feature rappers?
It's not even 1:15 and I've already been to 2 malls in Indy and a furniture store in Homer, IN.
doing well! Saw your interview the other day with the guys. Looks like you are doing well with the TV gig! Cheers to 2012!
I love going to a place where I get free wings
IMO undertaker is the greatest WWE wrestler of all time he has given so much of his life to his fans and the WWE and his fans are loyal fans
We were watching it, & are still recording it, but the poor writing was just too much. Has dropped to bottom of To Watch List
How can one argue w/ that? RT : Me because I just made you guys a lot of mula racks skrill cheese
Have you not seen in infamous G-string wearing cyclist yet?
Bolivia's a very windy place.
Lemons will stay fresh longer if you store them in a bowl of cold water in the fridge. They'll keep up to months this way.
Why the disappointment? I think Avatar could be good.
i never get tired of my background xD
ur the one on the far right...? And u look good then a mf wit dat bright blonde hair
Right click is for Windows :-P I'd like to see the action you can perform (diff, revert, ignore …). Maybe a toolbar, not column
I'll say that no, I don't think that Sporting is a one trick pony.
I think I'm going to go with Sharks because I can just taste that lemon pepper chicken right now! I'm about to MAX!.
and because of you I will be hungover on this coming Friday morning!
Thanks for helping promote #HouseParty2012 ! Looking forward to having you there!
mine is dying too!! I'm breaking my neck trying to tweet, drink, n watch the game LOL
Raw emotions like ALL SHEality TV, right? LOL!
<<: You, reading this right now. You're perfect :)>>
Want a unique iPhone4? We can do full color conversion for your front and back screen all colors available!
Anita's keynote is central core reason we are doing active transportation summit and not just bike summit.
-> RT : Obligatory snow status
then dm it to me
Hannah from = Liz Lemon in her early/mid twenties. I love it.
Welcome on board
I've never heard a medical argument, except for on House. This has now changed.
Great Advice!
me too! Everybody here is a spurs or mavericks fan. And I can't watch them here either. But I get to
Its on & poppin tonight...ALL WHITE PARTY AT THE AIRPORT HILTON
I love going on Jogs it was amazing today
I wish I could wear my Irish wrist watch...the only tongue twister that gets me every time
Listening to the #mozinar seo webinar, basic, but informative and a good refresher on KW usage.
"Modern thoughts about each other can't make you shine out any brighter." ::kent::before it all ends::
We are too! it is going to be w-UNDIE-ful ;)
It's silly to analyze political impact of gay marriage policy shift for Obama. It's a clear win because it keeps attention off economy.
Big shout out to our FireBird Varsity Baseball team! #DistrictChamps !
Isn't it nice that there are so many interesting people in the world doing so many interesting things?
Working on year-end valuations. Business valuations are not a seasonal thing, they are an all year thing.
Heyy shorty! My friend posted the clip of the bball wives reunion show! Hilarious! Miss u dahling!
Let the 21 hour trek begin.
haha,great idea ! :D
I heard some real stuff last night
OMG who pissed in your Fairy Cup ??????
that's what I'm talkin' about. Bam! From my hip to yours!
Unless you play UK RT : S/O to The Ohio State Buckeyes on making it to the Final 4!! Congrats homies. Best of luck in the N.O
Love and miss you too. See ya in a month!
: As DoJ rightly says the Wire Act doesn’t apply to online #poker, please request a markup for the Online Poker Act
He wanted to be a Knick, he wanted what no other superstar did, to try to win in NY! Yea Melo real
what is this “Google+” you speak of? No one tells me anything anymore...
#kids Babies and Books at Sewickley Public Library, Tue, May 15 11:00a: Nursery and action rhymes, books and songs for children from...
Wish are pool was open
Good night have a good Day tomorrow #loveyou <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I'll probably spend more time indoors than an ice cube tray.
At Amoeba Records LA: What should I buy? New LOW record? First CALLA record? The much maligned recent(ish) MIA record? #yesyeswhynot?
U.S. Senate has rebuffed S.J. Res. 6, an effort to overturn the FCC’s Open Internet rule by a vote of 46-52 (it needed 51 votes to pass).
and to a different day. Kiss of death!
Haha shut up!!!
provides a great way to spread messages of hate about homosexuals and when you complain you get a closed ticket
thank you lovely! Can't wait for our "twitter explanation" session. :)
Agreed, looking fwd to it!! RT : Just had a great meeting with - cannot wait to work together!
Ok. If i chat there do I have to join something or download..
wanna eat everything insight
bourbon street grille
Delta will implement circumcision tests on flight to Saudi Arabia starting in 2012. No biggie, since TSA has your pants down anyway...
Brewing Brazilian and Colombian!
College Night Thursday WEST(4500 west ave) $3 U CALL IT! Ladies & College FREE b4 11. 18&up welcome! Get at me 4 more info:
Sorry Borlin, Twitter says your site may be unsafe! :(
Help trend #RyanKennedy he's a cancer patient that wants to trend on twitter!(: so make it happen <3
Bitch get out
always for brandon #belt when they bring him back
Whelp looks like I can get a few hours of sleep
nice SnapBack, Chicago bulls! Most dope thanks alot you douchebag hahahah. Just saw a cop dog attack a nig..
haha! you're quite the silly one!
OMG on euthanasia bracelets
Thanks Denise! How is everything going with you in #ff2f?
I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver. - Maya Angelou
on this weekends agenda: Beer, Avengers, Karaoke.
Katonah's a nice spot to visit. Just ask ! RT : 11 hours, one way. Road trip!
We have this info for you. Will shoot you an email w/ the recap :) cc:
“: I Manage the Top 2 TeaParty Organizations on Twitter.Reply if you'd like help managing your account!”.
#ThatAnnoyingMoment when you lookin all around for ya remote and it was rite next to you
#NP Fuck the City Up-Chris Brown
Peyton Hillis is looking worse and worse with these bizarre stories of late. He needs to clarify this agent/retirement situation ASAP...
#RUreading Just read Let the Great World Spin on Dr. K's recommendation. Beautifully written, tho iffy about depiction of MO as "the South"
Farewell #Discovery! So sad that the space program is ending, seems surreal. Hope we revive it in our children's lifetime...
she said it's a day of chilling back with her people lol
Pan Seared Bass: on a corn and onion arepa with tomato onion sauce and herb oil
I also wish I understood dani lmao but <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A> it, Paulie , since we are bros now lmao
Listening to Super Bass now reminds me of and <333 (via )
My nerves are so bad somebody pray for me.
Your waddle is my sprint :)
the key is to go fast
"The degree of responsibility you take for your life determines how much change you can create in it."
Father-in-law says he can tell I've lost weight! I've only been doing this for a month good sir but thank you!
Yeah, Al confirmed that. Sucks.
Oh man I can be such an idiot sometimes
Popped jelly belly balloons everywhere this morning
Bring your kids out to Boyette Park Tomorrow I will be doing 3 shows for NorthBridge Church at the Jelly Bean Hunt. 1st show is at 12:15.
Austin inpspired me. He makes me happy love you <U+2665>
Sitting here working on homework ready for Christmas to be here so I can surprise my mrs and moms dukes
Jorts at tin roof
The DHS Game was awesome we lost 7-27 i think thts a new record! best score yet.
No surprise, I'm pretty sure tickets to see Jeff Tweedy at DC's Lincoln Theatre must have just sold out in 4-seconds flat. Darnit,
Nice seein ya last night
I just cried in class listening to Vengeance. its been about a month since I've listened to it and it still hurts.
wow! Thank you so much your continued support!!!
Delicious Veal Rib Ravioli with Prosciutto Wrapped Asparagus as the appetizer special, come by and try some!!
Favorite non-pornographic magazine to masturbate to? Good House Keeping.
Sweet shirts on your website! Can I send you w 1 of my ADD shirts as a thank you for sharing the ADD quote? No charge.
Not so much enjoying the fact that i have a job right now.
If I gave a shit I'd tell you. My silence speaks for itself.
im a little new to twitter so bare with me
Today's Erin+Mommy+oatmeal album: To the Yet Unknowing World by Erin's rocking out.
Another #scrumpdiliotious dinner ! Not only is food delish, the service is outstanding! (And I'm not easily impressed!)
good for you, I havent been on twitter as much, but same old stuff!
Can people be happy and nice today? That would be great.
Make that money, don't let the money make you!!! LOL *in my Diamond voice*
Woke up this morning feeling like straight Ca$H
My Dad Drank a Little and Smoked but quit both when I was about 13 to set a Good example for me. Parenting 101 pls RT
When girls are like "no homo" that's not the first thing that comes to mind!&lt;
was goin in last night. Shouts to them one time
Calling it a early night. work in the morning and i am tired. Dont miss me too much ok? jk.:) Nite everyone
TOOOOOONIGHHTTTT WE ARE YOUNG!!! SO LETS SET THE WORLD ON FIIREEEE WE CAN BURN BRIGHTER THAN THE SUUUNNNNN LMAO
you out here?
SO cute!!!! Hope she enjoys the movie!!!
i will not be on the rest of the week :(
Love walking to dinner on #HstNE. Pho bar after being home sick all day.
Going to be a great year for us... On Q Nites Chicago www.onqnites.com
wish my ultra hipster neighborhood would get a decent gas station. Do they make locally sourced organic gasoline? cc:
and you can probably jerk off too much but there are much greater things to worry about than social media.
Happy to keep you company!
That's one of those super-advanced Twitter features.
I CAN NOT WAIT FOR THE CONCERT ON FRIDAY <3
fucked up by dis accusation I'm strait outchea tryna get it an 2take frm u I'm #ijs it's like a #epicfail But a I still <U+2764>u & not leavin
I NEED ONE DIRECTION TICKET FOR DETROIT!
Where is #marc 511?
Oh my god. I just got offered a job at Google.
Yes, but does have #ANUS burgers?
Happy 5th Anniversary ! And a huge thanks to Amos and Swifty for doing our 1st recipe design class yesterday
If all else fails I say 'think domestic Peace Corps.' Not my favorite answer, but it works sometimes.
Who's hitting those #HappyHours later to #Winedown? DM your email and I'll send you a #Bartab drink!
When someone tells you the same story over and over and over!
it's not real lol their paid to 'act' like that.
Time to work!
Smh feel like punching a wall ugh
coming up at 9: "Battle for Haiti" on PBS
is that what they are saying now?
It is a man's own mind, not his enemy or foe, that lures him 2 evil ways. ~ Buddha
Just curious....does your company still have a company picnic?
TOMORROW IS FRIDAY THE 13TH OMG haha (:
and if it did, hopefully you're near the PEC...
#Masters weekend is by far the best weekend of sports all year. Hands down.
When the road ahead seems too long look back to see how far you've come.
can y'all play steve pointdexter "computer madness" pleez?
ron weasely what ed sheeran what
I am looking for shelter groups to test my website homelessdogmusic.com. please contact me so we can partner.
I will when your in my arms :')
Don't talk about it, be about it!
I am a true lost cause when someone wakes me up....I am always extra confused!!
We're excited to see everyone at the #URJBiennial in less than 2 weeks. Stop by the JPS booth and say hi!
Hey #Norway fans! Thanks for the love! Have fun playing #iPhone game! You guys are awesome!
a friend and I were talking about it till 1:30am last night. Gemma and Tara are killing IT. IT'S GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!
LOVE IT! All in favor in designating as official mascot of say "Aye." Aye!
Thanks for joining!
I will. I'm not afraid to say IM A SIMPSONIZER. I luv u !
Omg! So much turkey! I love thanksgiving! Football, family, and food.
ily sister! not a problem
“: So the Bills drafted a CB that's raw. That's far - FAR - from the worst pick so far.” They are going to love him!
staring at a wall is beginning to seem more fun then this....
i make it
were having a special guest speaker on the 15th...Please visit website or send message for more details....
Anyone know of any good photographers in Orlando Florida??
I agree with : "The attrition rate stats would be quite interesting."
just not providing any family like benefits for them.
oh dang! I just saw this! Thanks girlie :) so embarrassing!!
I'm pretty sure midterms will be the death of me.
Will Def Check Out Idiot Abroad ... The Title Alone Is Intriguing
right now?
yay! I have the collection buy haven't watched that one yet. I saw the one on Mexico and Peru though!
When you look at me, you make my heart skip a beat<3
Eggshell Bistro- darling Euro type cafe 4 ADULTS...2 much glass & tight space - NOT 4 toddlers! Yum menu & coffee though!
yes sir, can't wait 2 c ya play!! I hear u r lookin great in the pick up games!!
NOPE....Not at all... I feel like I'm missing out on tons of info! any helpful tips?
Rain in San Francisco
great work on your latest mental model article with indi!
Penguin will print Inaugural Address Feb 4. Will it note that Obama quoted PAT PAULSEN's slogan, "We Cannot Stand Pat!"
Just finished watchin America Revealed "Made in the USA". Great episode, keep 'em coming!
That was a great outdoors class.
Great networking seminar yesterday with Tangible Ireland! We enjoyed giving our presentation about dance and cultural innovation.
I have pictures of that shit :D
Definitely!! Miss you too, Ms. Maya. Sleep tight!
like last week
I love it, ladybug! And big congrats on the Huffpost blogging... just now saw that! xo
great workout!!! fitness and fashion go hand in hand!!!! #fashiongigs #F³
thank you so much ^_^
I'm hoping we can get out yet this afternoon for the Sam's trip. If so... they'll be cookies!
dam i am trying to dip
UM WHERE WAS LAST NIGHT.
What goes better with late night Jesus TV than a champagne mango martini?
not sure if i'm more excited about tomorrow's sunday brunch or tonight's pampered chef bingo... either way, i just aged 20 years
so i saw unknown last night... so amazing.
Cannot believe how many dog food brands there are out there!!
Happy New Year! Registration 4 #EdcampSS will be opening this week. Stay tuned 4 more details. www.edcampss.org
Thanks and !!
Amen, sister!
WHERE'S THE NUTELLA. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
Yes definitely we do need to . I've missed you too its been almost a year that I haven't seen you . Aww really , I'll text you:)
Come on dallas gotta fight 4 that rebound!
Mitch Daniels said alot of things but I'll summarize the point he was really trying to make: "Be very afraid, the President is black."
More has to be done to get ballots to nursing homes. Nowadays they arent just old folks home, but rehab facillities.
UN-MUTE the masses! I feel where you coming from and where you taking your audience. Respect.
This week is warming up starting with today! 54°F and SUNNY! Ride on!
I will just get you a six pack, but then 153 days is a long time so I may just drink them all by then. Hahaha
re "app store" not fond of encouraging proprietary additions to Koha
JUST RANG TICKETMASTER??? IF YOU WERE EMAILED! YOU ARE GUARANTEED TO HAVE THE TICKETS! THEY ARE HAVING TECHNICAL PROBLEMS! RT
i know exactly the technique to which you refer. i have 3 cats that do that. i call it the "flopperton"
Since 'proper' is a term mostly used by Brits and 'pants' means underwear in Britain, your tweet took on a whole new meaning.
You can't send him there - BB
Anytime Eric! Thanks for following us, as well!
It's so PERFECT! Chase presents Big Freedia's Halftime Show.
Shop Around the Corner sounds like its the kind of thing that will make me get all blubbery! I can't wait!
shucks! Austin Area Foundation grant is actually for Austin, Minnesota!
“: RT : Need a new car soon any suggestions?<-- DUDE - get a Delorean! to go with the back to the future sneaks!
seriously! If she has to ask, she shouldn't be running
you haven't missed too much! Welcome to the party!
Cheap Airsoft Sniper Rifles: Spring Powered Rifles :O shooters
Idea for a Methodist moving company: 1 Elder, 1 Deacon and a Prius and we would only work June to July, who's in on this small business idea
You should follow :D it would be greatly appreciated, and he's pretty awesome!
Way to make me feel better, Jamie-san...
RT : "Every time I read an article about conservatives being “pro- life” I am reminded of my brother who died..."...
#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore Because you acted way different on twitter & facebook than in real life
followed! follow back?
Waitin for the right one
worst game of phone tag ever
Aight #Clippers if yall wanna get back in this game,get Bledsoe,Evans and KMart back in
My new book just came in the mail today, I'm old school, I like to hold books in my hand, no digital books for me!
Great #aascu academic affairs conference in Portland. Lots of discussion about #blendkit, #nglc. Blended learning. Academic innovation.
Very true!
Glad you are having fun. Thanks for keeping us informed. Hopefully DH will forgive you eventually.
Telling it like it is. Sue me.
But we forgot some things downstairs before coming to bed... What to do?
#imthankfulfor all of my friends and family and glad they are all healthy i love you all
Well it does not have to match exactly. Try moving it a bit in the room or in different places in your house.:) TY
Unethical behavior is punished or at the very least, frowned upon, should ethical behavior be rewarded?
Got Cuban cigars and Cuban chicks like bars, hop in my spacewhip an cruze among the stars. ;) lol good afternoon twitterers
Bummer. You could've bought lots of hookers and coke with that money.
#alatech11 Sue Polanka: 3d printing for diagrams for blind students. Love it!
Flag on the field: Unnecessary Graphics, -15 Yards. Do broadcasters get in the way of the game?
#thatawkwardmoment when you fart in front of your crush
: I love your book recs so much I think we should we just merge our reading brains. It would save so much time!
do you think the actual shooting act was an accident or intentional? The profiling is obvious.
hey austin c;
Thanks baby RT SHOUT OUT
We got a wealth of new members today--thank you to all our new FUELers for joining the team!
Fulfilling 2 lifelong dreams in 2 weeks : working w Simon Rattle, and starting rehearsals for Don Giovanni. Best. Job. Ever.
Listening to La Lupe (yiyiyi). I love that maniacal laugh she had. Cracks me up every time
why make fake twitter accounts? honestly whats the point?!
My favorite garden there, LOVE the koi pond!
Mr. Miyagi Type Quote for Life : "Be Humble"
On my way to muncie staying with some family.
think it airs this fall, but nit sure exactly when. Just saw a commercial for it last night. All's good on my end. You?
TOO many young females have kids.
yeah seriously.
: Stop being a dick and lay off the spam!!!
we're so excited to help with the legal stuff! Can't wait for the next swap - Lyn knows I've got something good up my sleeve..
Miss yah sweetie
Found out more about Twitter, I LOVE twitter. There are so many interesting people on here!
Hey now, don't forget, non-married straight couples are SINNERS. So it's a-okay, democratic & multi-faceted exclusion.
good image.. lol
Today 1:30pm African Film Festival screening Mama Africa (on Miriam Makeba). I'm moderating Q&A w Kathleen Cleaver. Lincoln Center NYC
Thanks! Glad you like the new KPBS iPhone app! RT : thank you SO much! Finally I can listen again in the go!
Life is beautiful, terms and conditions applied
Excited about the Winterhawks acquiring Seth Jones from Everette Silvertips. A great addition to the team.
Now, I'm watching Scrubs. HaHa. So funny!
what do you mean by 12?
-- Office is a little crazy with everyone getting ready to leave for Chicago!
I'll give a shutout to the next couple of people who follow ! Tweet me "done" after you follow her :) she loves 1D too! Go go go
he at least wore the right colors, sporting blue!
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date -You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
New fall menu by starts tonight! Bay Scallop Risotto, Char Siu Glazed Duck, Curried Pumpkin & Crab Soup and much more ...
Happy Birthday to the ! The Continental Congress established the Continental Navy on October 13, 1775.
hii, do you know what studio is it that she's working in? Of any hotel details? I'm in miami & I really want to meet her...
Awesome! (: Just Hear In The Couch Using Laptop Haha! And tHINKing Of Music To Put On Phone Haha!! To Entertain Myself!
says enough is enough. His 2 run go ahead HR is the difference. #Braves beat #Cardinals 9-7.
GAMEDAY!!! host FIU at 4/6pm on Bingo Night and hosts Akron at 630pm!! See YOU There!!
thanks so much for supporting me!! :D Hope you're doing well.
Wise words. RT: "'After three days without reading, talk becomes flavorless.' — Chinese proverb"
miss you too! we needa go to a show! :)
Press that button please! :) #SHOUTOUT #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Must Follow
Dear Republicans. You want smaller goverment but want to tell me how I should live my life? Makes no sense. Stay out of my bedroom.
lol are you like that in school
Tonights such a weird night..... but it was still amazingly awesome...
U ever noticed dat big girls hve the longest hair, best credit, good jobs an dey shade u in da summer an keep u warm in the winter aye.
Ashton Kutcher (Dude, Where's My Car?) was the first Twitter person to have more than 1,000,000 followers.
Oswego's graduation tomorrow. Congrats Matt Miller, love you!
Have I told you lately that I love you??
another monster game...awesome! Only on pace for 48 sacks...ha! Go Pack!
Sadly I think so to. RT : My prediction: this weekend, more Americans will follow Lopez/Anthony divorce than the #debt ceiling...
Hopefully today's a good day :)
“: Waiting on my chicken tenders, yum yum yum.” I'm tempted to eat them :X
DC is a little different than every other city in America. I'm in the heart of downtown and the closest coffee shop is a about mile away.
Too bad we won't get to see/hear it!!! Even though we will be there.
whats your natural eye and hair color?
Everyone return my play doh before I piss on all of you
He doesnt think so, but in visiting him anyways
looks like she is more interested in her phone than you. ;)
I know ima get some before we head to the airport
haha i thought you would say that :), no i would have done that!
McClellin goes 19th to the #Bears! Yes.
The injury of V-Mart torn ACL. Who do they fill that hole with now? That's a big hole. Avg tix at #Tigers: $44
Having a craptaculus morning, time to listen to sing "Coming Up" from #Gethimtothegreek to shake it off.
there are generally a lot of changes that must be made that the artist and recording engineer can't see making.
#edshow Mangled Socialist-News Broadcasting Co. breaks Journalistic mold by creating ALTERNATE REALITY.
To qualify to win a "SML Optimization Package" you simply Like the page, join the "Free Optimization Contest" and share! It's that easy!
RT : at RT : Ok, It´s time to pitch for me now. What´s your advice? Where should I do it?
I would've tweeted something profound but eh...I miss my wife... work on Monday, yippie.
is glad to be working from home today because Atlanta drivers can't deal with wet roads (or dry ones for that matter)!
well can Ku pull it off?
They proud of a 7 game series dub lol. They out 2nd round.
Love your song good Sir.
what shouldn't we do on this beautiful day??? #sundayfunday .. Considering jumping on top of you to wake yo ass up!
here come the PAC 10 champs
Why do women have mid-life crises? Because Phil and Oprah say they're supposed to.
Vidal: The Chamber supports the bill because "we believe that our entire community benefits" - not just the students
Why does convincing your parents to do something have to be so difficult?
good for Andy Hillenburg. The Rock is a classic and should not have been abandoned. Just look at attendance around NASCAR...
Nice win. Called it on Friday. Hope you had fun in Seattle and made it back safely. Best of luck next week at Stanford. *cough*
I love your new cover of Only Girl in the world. You sound beautiful. Wait you are beautiful <U+2665>
GOD MORNING !!!!!! and POOF I go .. Busy weekend
I saw it before. Same guy as the other rant.
All offices in Baltimore should do a NIT bracket pool this year.
dude, I still rock out to cruising' far too often than I should. I mean, it's also HUEY LEWIS. So good.
Haha... no one who grew up in San Diego RT What do you have a hankerin for?!
LOL. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> I'm dead serious doe.
& i dont even need your love , but you treat me like a stranger & that feels so rough =/
What I've found is that the cheaper you can make a ticket, the more people are happy to pay.
Good Morning Tweetie Birds ; Gym Bound : )
#gslisui MS '09, currently working as a special collections (cataloging) librarian
My goal was to have over 1000 followers by Aug 2011 its been 6 months and I still got 600+ guess this what I get for never going on.. Fml
Right so wass wrong with you
glad i'm able to answer one of life's difficult questions for you.
If gluten-free people call ahead (say, a day's notice), we are often willing to make crustless Key Lime Pie.
up this time everyday. Coffee is a must !
You would like to help the foundation of Cats?
really hoping you're not in a GMT time zone ;-)
Just made snicker doodles. The family loves them. Do u?
bold. What team do you play for?
#bertuzzi with a DIME
Stone IPA. Not wine, but a good local brew.
BrittBratt__ Tell me why this girl Maci off teen mom has half black / half blonde hair ???
I haven't had a cigarette in 2 weeks. I might stab you if you cross me.
Clients trying to reach me...gmail is down please directmessage me here. I'm setting up a secondary email so you can send your designs.
Starbucks announced they will start selling beer and wine. Apparently, they've run out of sober people to sell their $9.00 cups of coffee to
Perfect day for some bocce!
So i just realized i was sending those as my tweet status...wtf.... mah bad..maybe i have to type ur name first lets test.
How do you overcome anxiety about your debt problems?
are you viewing the sky from the bus you hate?
I know surprising! I moved to MO right after the 4th in 2007 and moved to NOLA right before the 4th in 2008. So not yet!
Good morning!! How's your Wednesday so far?
I get paid too much to quit what I'm doing and do something I really like.
Thanks for the follow We're excited about offering D-Tech's #RFID & SelfCheck solutions to customers!
At this point I just don't even care.
At the Georgia MEA convention. They love the Brio! Flute with the Sheridan head down in these here parts!
Congrats to the Pirates! I hope they can keep the momentum going.
Lost an hour @ Black Fox Lounge w/ Craig Horness & Tom Story, but totally worth it! Happy DST, folks!
Rachel since when did u cover NBA games?
that sounds terrifying.
yes. really bad turnover by NCState didn't help them, though.
Romans Revenge aahahaha what bout roman in moscow why I keep bringing up her 1st album we talkin bout this new flop album
Do you ever tweet anything that isn't argumentative?
"Young fellow, how conceited you are! You do not listen when I speak. Your heart is denser than a great obelisk, a hundred cubits high."
It was fun connecting with three Austin area dance studios this week. Met some great studio owners and students! Nice to teach live again...
Rate Please and i am the second one to the left!! fyi
Vegan-ism is great for people who hate food and themselves. Also, meat is murder. Tasty, tasty murder.
thanks for following, Allison! Joshua had very nice things to say about you and your awesome editing abilities today!
Please don't go with the Lions!!! Stay with the !!!!
A recent study said that dinosaur farts significantly warmed the climate.
join the art and history gang and follow
was in google +...until my computer crashed :(
I will be on a patio somewhere the next two nights after work!!
Having computer issues all week, now staring at the chat trying to figure out what is going on...schedule check fail
Cumberbatch is playing Khan.
You're crazy! (and I love it.)
i am listening to it non stop!!!
can't.sleep.
it was fun :p lol haha
alright then u can scoop me at 830 for drinks
I think I'm going to have to ask other people that more often!
We've uploaded photos from today's sing-a-long. 's attack on #freespeech won't last.
haha yeah how would I know that !? Fuck! party don't mean sex bro! I'm such a creeper!
Happy New Year! Come party with Vegas' Hottest Showgirls to ring in the new year right! We're here 'til 6am...
OK, I forgot <U+5145><U+5206><U+5FC5><U+8981><U+6761><U+4EF6> . thanks.
The awkward moment when you go somewhere in basketball shorts and everyone is dressed-up
DJ's/Producers - Stop making awful remixes/bootlegs of "Levels" - just let it be.
I will save the dates! I don't ski, but the slopes definitely attracted my cousin when he visited Utah!
Can't wait for the Spring dance at my school :') <3
Who wants to go see with me in DC on June 11
Seat's taken.
BEFORE I FALL by leaves me wanting more every time I shut it when I'm hopping off the subway :)
just attempted to tatt up at work.....
I'm going to finish these articles if it kills me ... well, hopefully it won't come to that.
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you're a STL Cardinals or Mizzou fan
Good lookin I need some beats too
Todays session went extremely well!!
#ShoutOut to everybody who graduating today
Sweet 16 kicks off tonight; will the underdog's prevail?
Critics are angry about a photo of a young mother breastfeeding her nearly 4-year-old son on a stool on Time Magazine cover
Loved the opportunity to chat on this morning about #OneDayUnited on Sunday, May 20
Sending this in UK English: I hear what you say. It's an interesting idea & I've only a few comments, all made w/ greatest respect.
if U r on Facebook please look me up. Let's become friends, . I like the vibe. :-)
Great weather.
dad's playing a tank battle arcade game on the computer
HAPPY CHRISTMAS EVE EVERYBODY!!!!^___^
American Hospital Association: Took 2 people 3 months to overhaul AHA's Intranet and collaboration enterprise-wide
let's just freeze time right now.
Miss y'all too
Annual Pueblo Elders’ Art Market! 38 artists with beautiful work for sale. Today in the Plaza from 10a – 3p. We hope to see you there!
Going to a backyard party tonight featuring two movies under the stars. Should be stellar.
Last exam! and I have a lot of emotions.
yeah, it is haha.
Great blog post. I really enjoyed it. I'd love to hear more about what political savviness in Bmore means.Knowing the right ppl?
B. Stone & E. Williams at Aspen Inst. Ideas Festival. Future of Internet is closed groups? Note apps are not connected or searchable.
Man you wasn't wit me sitting in the gym!!! (Drake voice) LOL!!!
Registration is open for tonight's 7 pm $140 buy in ($125/15) Bounty Tournament. Sign up until 8:40 pm.
Excited to host and help them taste more than 80 different wines from over 20 Australian regions! It's one tough job but...
There was no motion to resume our seats in the temple. We therefore remained where we were, and engaged in sprightly conversation.
oh i bet .. Haha who knows what those notes say!
Totally exhausted, but we are in the new house. Still not completely OUT of the old house, but feels good to be here.
A big woman served me at McDonald's earlier and said, "Sorry about the wait." I said, "Don't worry, you'll lose that eventually."
we should both move to Portland and retire... I really think no one has a real job here.
message me : ) thankss
SOORRY LOVE IT WAS MY SISTER SHE WAS HAVING A MENTAL BREAK DOWN YESTER DAY (THE ONE WITH BRAIN CANCER)
Me too! Yes, have a wonderful week! You are a #brightspark indeed!
#TheVoice great song for James, made it his own
Books like William Gaddis' THE RECOGNITIONS actually make me wish my commute was longer. (Back to dreaming small.)
Hi ho hi ho it's off to work I go
Dear chocolate commercials, no one eats chocolate in slow motion with their eyes closed. Sincerely, normal people.
happy birthday man!!study now we will party this weekend
I want to talk about learning.But not lifeless, sterile, futile, quickly forgotten stuff...but LEARNING--insatiable curiosity...~Carl Rogers
Catch in #CNN today ! more details at 9:00 AM pacific time
So, what's the difference between an Equal Pay bake sale (sex based pricing) and an Affirmative Action bake sale (race based pricing)?
The Fountainhead, and yes I would burn it--but only my copy. I might provide (but not enforce) a bonfire for others, too
Haha, nice. "there ought to be a law"
Right when I think I understand this whole "pixels to percentages" thing, I lose an hour trying to find where my math has gone awry.
it takes 15 minutes to start a business online in
I need to buy my ticket for the 2013 ASG and SB XLVIII a-fucking-sap!
No. We haven't seen it yet. In fact, we're actually a little bit confused by it.
Is it true that dominicans & Puerto ricans hate each other ? Haha that's awkward cuz I have both in my family..
Now She So Addicted , Becausee Of What The D*ck Did.. ~
what do u mean celphone "z?
Happy Friday! Good to know those spots are being heard :) RT Happy Friday ... been hearing radio spots for your business on !
Thanks & for the thoughts on spotify vs. rdio -- going to try spotify for now :)
thanks and congrats...!!
Your game over bish gatorade wet towel
Why are you wearing a Pikachu jacket out in public. You're a dude. Stop.
reports Perry will endorse Gingrich.
hey man do you think you could get me some info on working from home, I need some scrilla.
Learning from Carr Hagerman: our work worlds are full of "too damn much." layers upon layers of programs. Preserve on what matters.
Welcome to the party! :)
me to im just sitting here following people teehee
just sent some beats
At bus stop. Fuck it's boring!!
I have a headache, prob cause I had a long day
I think my brain exploded during iOS today when you were talking about how Obj-C handles inheritance/interface - coolest thing EVER
I NEED HOT WINGS.
yes!! WE LOVE YOU JUSTIN
do you have a link for the NVGOP ustream?
At Yamada Denki (Labi) even the vacuums can be tried out. 9 floors of wonder in Ikebukuro. Still need to check out "Mobile Dream" building.
indiana dryvit contractors, indiana eifs contractors, indiana plaster contractors, indiana dryvit companies, indiana eifs companies
Thanks for the follow! Check out a few of my prezis and let me know what you think. I like your new Facebook timeline.
Watching Lord of the Rings. I love those movies,
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. ~ Leonardo da Vinci
Morris has the better match up. Scott prob only makes noise in ppr. I go Morris
can u dm me
Big City Classic at Metlife Stadium - my 1st lacrosse experience!
I love doing reviews on sites, if your interested please contact me
it smells like someone lit a booger on fire then lit a cigarette.
***AVATAR Exclusive*** Producer – A Canadian Studio –
Music is love in search of a word
Kevin's grandma sent us a card with a twenty for Easter. She's the sweetest nonagenarian ever!
Ms. exquisite, for scientific reasons, what are the 3 qualities that you seem to be attracted to without control? BE HONEST!
It'll make my upcoming IP feature a bit more timely regardless.
And those guys know that they are catty, they laugh at themselves about it.
For my #NCISLA friends: looks like the trend for tonight is #CallenvsChameleon (:
I'm dead set to make prints tonight... And watercolor cats!!!
good morning friends from Cali
Social networking is like a club. Twitter is the dance floor, tumblr is the bar and facebook is the people crying in the toilets.
Cut Copy at Turner Hall right now - then to Bad Genie for WhyB and ChrisV - $2 22oz Pabst! See you there.
are you sure we have to be there at 11:45
because they are medicated...
for #TSContest: A good relationship is a bit like a pet boa constrictor: either you feed it every day or bad things happen.
I say "and yeah" when I don't know how to finish a sentence. ;)
Haha that is right! Thanks": Happy birthday to my brother from another mother, "
I got a big headache!!!
We're the best <3
what time are the fixtures released? X
please follow back?? <U+2764>
"Books can be dangerous. The best ones should be labeled 'This could change your life'." -- Helen Exley
Love your music
I follow you if you are in the #NPPA and/or
your avatar are amazing haha x)
I'd just like to thank for allowing me to interview some of my favorite musicians this last week.
weird seeing you tweet that.....not bad...just weird
Couldn't agree more!!!
That's what RT's 4! lol Same person has another 1 4 PDP but can't remember name. Copies all I blocked both!
pahahaha im so slow
Hard work will get u further in life. Ur time will come & u'll look back at the hard time & laugh
Holy shit you guys are really good! I didn't even know you existed but I really like all the songs I've listened to!
TheBlindManNM thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
we r just that cool
Someone told me, a few days ago, "Fly Young is the future." I keep hearing that over & over in my head.
omg i'm out, & my phone keeps turning on itunes BY ITSELF. out of nowhere. "How many roads must a man walk down..." huh??
Thanks to all our customers and fans for a freat 40 years! Will send you information soon on a new company that can do all we did and more.
*sharpens four pencils* *hand seizes* Man, fuck hand injuries.
SY’s co-ed kickball league starts on 6/3! Email for more info.
#poziam I am done with this conversation. You obviously have no clue and sound like a racist.
Sign up for our email digest or you can get up and folk off! - The Pubbys
Lots of Irish bars claim they have the perfect pint... Wtf is a perfect pint!!!
Any interest in extending the learning at #TIES11 for one more day? Were hosting a Lunch&Learn on 12/14 in Minnetonka. Interested?
Chris Leak has entered the game for the Predators at quarterback.
Dinner alone cuz that's how I roll haha
Well rounded x
thats the true meaning of yolo . your mom is me hero .
Bizarrely, I think I might have felt the #VAquake here in Chicago. Felt like floor was wobbly under my ultra-squishy couch.
follow me
Spent days and days packing and moving out, now about to spend the next week unpacking.
Off to Madison for the Women's Health conference. . .
no problem
The Jets might actually win! Tebow's leadership may accomplish that.
how I would love to be the opener for you and Ed! Someday. Enjoy your tour. You are both amazing musicians and humans!
All so convinced that you're following your heart because your mind don't control what it does sometimes.
I love walking around and feeling like everyone I see is a colleague.
ALL Arkansas state fans and athlete follow
Thanks Steve- I am also watching when I cross the street now versus watching my iPhone. Baby steps.
One thing about me I always make a way and make my own money a lot of niggas just found a way and act like they ballin
Our live dispatch is here 24 hrs a day to process all your courier service needs. www.lonestardeliveryonline.com 877-527-5737
Road Ahead - creating awareness through health events at every location -97% participation
come into the shop!!!! get a tattoo
#PTSD #TBI and deployment count are no excuse whatsoever.
If you still need a ticket swing by Marquette AMU 137 right now!
I'm waffling on tonight too. I'm nowhere near finished with my presentation.
Until Matt Flynn's first dropback.
you know Katie -- it really is ashame that his is so unattractive. ;-)
is she ok? Lol
I love this song welcome to the black parade
this shit to e-z.
Listening to Stevie Wonder's Pastime Paradise. Forgot how genius this song was.
On today's menu: some tweeting, some Facebooking, some PPC and a side of blogging.
Crying my eyes out in #boymeetsworld :,( poor joshua
I may be a bit smaller Everytime #MyFellas come intown, and it shakes them up a bit.But they keep me going &give me LIFE.
happy to help!
Loving all the crazy football action!
Amber rose and wiz khalifa made a song together ... cute :)
didn't cry! I'm a freak. Crying us impossible!
You got me! I wouldn't wipe my ass with that movie!
TCU? Is that what Big 12's come to? At least they have good looking girls
just hammered an AP chem test. 7th period chemistry swag all around
haha! i think thts how everyone feels
ooh yeah! And it's great! I'm really loving it still! Have you started classes yet at MI?
If your heart is the strongest muscle in your body, why does it tend to break so easily?
let's talking swimming tomorrow :)
got yoooo as!!! Heard you work at fashion show now!
I realized for the first time in my life I'm actually jealous of another female,know of her but don't know her,and we follow each other
We need d wade and he trippin
| Thanks for the follow! Would love to learn more about your business!
Just like ice cube "Today was a good day" :D
I've got Slipknot's "Psychosocial" bouncing around in my brain...
I can't wait for the season of single ladies to come back on
There are no extra pieces in the universe. Everyone is here because one has a place to fill, every piece must fit itself into big puzzle.
Cake batter frangos: I recommend.
haha well, I'll try! I'm not as creative as you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Suzuki Music School of Arkansas Piano Recital performs today at 1:30PM in SBCH. Public is invited & admission is free. music.uark.edu
Courage is the other side of fear...choosing courage in the face of fear can bring about positive self-change!
Your the only thing that makes sense in my life you should know im in love with you and never gonna leave..
I am so hungry now...so is Kailynn!!
Thought I saw a fat guy doing a killer air harmonica but it turns out he was just sneezing over and over.
idols biggest fan poo the guinea pig from Indiana.
Please follow me if ur #ICONIcBoyz fans!!! I wanna try to get as many followers as possible to support :D
This is what happens when I'm stuck in traffic bored
mid-winter cleaning/organizing. Getting rid of the old, making way for the new. (AKA making a huge mess of my apartment)
Not currently - will ping you when I come back! cc: et al.
I really made some bad decisions in my life, but YOU LIVE AND YOUR LEARN....
Hey, holiday #bloodybrunch attendees, dont forget to use your La vie, L'amour gift certs before they expire on 2/28! www.lavielamour.com
depends on how well I know them... if they are a friend, I totally call them out about it, just an aquaintance or friend, general...
All I know is I hope gets better before friday. I'm not spending this last week of school w.out him!
I hate daytime television
Ladies free all night this friday
Feel better a/b the OG pick in the 2nd for Carolina?
in a number of days you can also wish a happy 11:02, 11 11, 2011. I should do something important at 11:02, on the 11th. Hmm.
For everytime we lie to ourselves, the thing that we fear grows stronger
We love you Alex. <3
#RyanKennedy -- sending prayers. Please RT. #Ryan hopes to trend on twitter.
Great to meat you all! Enjoy your Wednesday.
LOL! I miss you Ellis! :)
everyone is going to crib for some soup and karaoke!
ah I have to go<3
Now that GH is not cancelled, might Jax return?
good call, I bet that's it.
Help my roommates and I settle an argument ! RT if it was CHLOE who previously did the brides piece!
When doing #tarot readings, it is important to set ethics and boundaries - and even more so to communicate those to the client in advance.
Don't worry luca your awesome u rock
thank you so much Kim!
I know! But Cake & Cupcakes get separate days, why no love for hand-pies?
In the room with the world famous hot music flowing!
I'm guessing you now want to follow me right? That's what I thought(;
|#quotes Long shots do come in and hard work, dedication and perseverance will overcome almost any prejudice and open almost any door.
I would call that progress. Sorry you are still down an ear.
mad your friends got more followers than you, and you kno the same people,lol.
You are a company man
Best pad thai in the city - with
Thank you! Glad to have you reading!
I'm so glad next week is the last full week of school.
Hope everyone has a wonderful day!
today is going by so fast.
Thanks again for taking the time to share your passion for garbage for me!
LOL... Maria Ratner is on the phone having a full blown conversation during at
I need something better to do with my life . Nah.
translates "too hot "
this upcoming tuesday?
So I guess everyone's just gonna ignore my tweets huh?
ok, confession time. Who ever called the 1-900 number the NK had back in the day? And did you get in trouble?
aww... not what my dm said
Bella Thorne tweeted you?(:
XJ Wang opened up WiMAX Congress Americas keynote. Barry West is up next!
Congrats to and Dawn Madura for winning Best of Show in Colorado Press Association contest. Huge!
seriously, come up to Vegas. Here until Saturday night at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay
I am glad that you did. :)
So I guess we got a good taste of her now? Wow. What a whiny drama queen. No problem rooting against them.
Do you believe that creating your own donation campaign would help your #startup ?
we should talk about how and can work together.
A super special thanks to Cassandra!!! She donated $25, making her a Chum Buddy! Thanks Cassandra!
You missed an awesome sermon by Sam Wells, shake the dust off, shake, shake, shake
yo how are you
The Adamouski art competition, an international opportunity for all emerging artists.
So many amazing things happened today!! So grateful for my life and the people in it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><U+2764>
Very cool that an #AAC app can be used on the #Nook Color via the new Android Marketplace. Way to go, Tap to Talk.
I don't think that comment can be taken in a nice way.
This mornings festivities have made me even more excited about going to MD next Friday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol dog in a good way. .
I'm going to answer some questions. Tweet meh!
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you find your self on your Knees suckin dick every day for free
COHO news trying to go....
oh, I see! You should do a blog. Even though I'd probably be the only one watching. Lolololol or Skype some fans
Thanks to everyone that came out on Friday. Hope you all have a good Easter! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0>
Hi Sorry for the delayed response. I'd love to blog. I'm going to read more and get inspired. I'll be in touch.
Hey, my handwriting kind of looks like comic sans font. Am I... am I an idiot? Is that how you can tell?
The Flyers look like a team that could win the Cup, but their goalie looks like he'd rather work in a Planetarium.
We eat live chat for breakfast.
Get out of the heat and into a cold beer at the Owl Bar!
Durant's coming off a rookie contract so his potential Max deal is less than Boozer's.
SO, The Catching Fire movie comes out tomorrow, right? Please don't make me wait another year.....
Happy Birthday!!! :))) love you!
Got Toni's sister's 21st B-Day party tonight at our house...Pirates of the Carib theme..c'mon over!
The Mavericks beat the Heat 105-95. Dirk Nowitzki scores 21 points after rocky first half - deserving MVP.
I was pleasantly surprised: It was fun and the #sextalk was refreshingly frank.
Let's get some #SayAmenADDY love going!
"I truly appreciate all of the great things F&F has done and is doing supporting its clients!" -Volunteer honored for service years
We would register for the Warped 2012 BOB but that whole thing is a popularity contest and we arent popular so we will stick to house shows.
aaaweeesome. they got there quick! :>) have a great day and thanks for being a customer!
Are you building the MZ empire?
yea....it betta be nothing!!!
Tutoring available for HS & College Math courses in the KC metro -- email me -- tutoring.4.mathematics at gmail.com to get things set!
Outdoors Calendar for May 4
I would not want to be a girlfriend of ,I wanted to be his Bro!so sorry that I do not know him better,and I can never see him..
Summerfest show is confirmed !! Friday, Juy 6 at the NEW Classic Rock Stage !! 5pm
Appreciate the RT's & mentions, TY!
tell her to bring me taco bell lol
When I get home I'm going #bologna !!!!!
“: I havent eaten anything all day I hate being sick! -_-” *all weekend
that's cool haha :)
Good luck tonight! Wish I could come </3
LA was out of the convo for championship after the to LA trade was blocked!
Join us 2night for grilled salmon with our OWN swiss chard, yellow tomato with arugula salad served w/ arugula pesto. All fresh & Oragnic
Always gives me an attitude when she calls me in the morning.
It's a writing weekend. Too hot to go out until Kay Finch's signing at Murder By The Book at 4:30 then back to writing.
Still a few tickets left for Thursday. Opening for Ha Ha Tonka @ Club Cafe. Contact us at www.Boulevardoftheallies.com for more info.
Apartment hunting in #NYC is seriously the most stressful thing ever.
US team's made great progress training w/George Schuch of Brazil. Team's pushing hard to achieve the best finish possible
You gave me every reason to hate your guts and.say fuck but i just can't. Now if that's not real then I don't know what is
so true, would love you either way though
Doing nothing tonight... would be at Titanic 3D but momma ruined plans
When you think about me, do you think about seventeen ? <U+E011><U+E32B>
North Ave & Oak Street Beaches CLOSED due to fog...
Follow for a follow ?
I love you <U+2665>
I Love A Good Mornin/ Goodnight Text ...Make Me Feel All Weird Lol But I Love It
That akward face you make when you see your friends in the hallway. You know the one im talking about: wide eyes and puckered lips O.o
thanks Bella Sera! We love you guys !
We will be there with a punch. No Frank's Drink for you!
In The Canning Season the F word was used only one time, but I remember it because it seemed out of place. Gratuitous, even.
Hey ! Can we get a description in your profile so everyone can learn what great work you do!? ;)
Just a note--I updated my twitter screenname to JeffKesslerWV.
Laguna beach is so gorgeous. I seriously need to live right on the water one day.
Oh, I have a second interview tomorrow!
what's your status
Take the path less traveled! Just don't try to rent a car! ;)
#DiggyisAmazing yep thts such a true trending topic
shouldn't be tweeting this?
Any madisonians have any insight tithe massive fire in the apt building on the square?
Crazy #hail and thunderstorms in Streetsboro, oh
Sending you virtual chocolate & big hugs to help you rise back up to being your sunny self again!
Hanging wit the folks & touring the Dallas Arbouretum.
Let's take 'em out!! Mwahahaaaa
what is your email address?!
thanks for the mention - see u tomorrow!
I need one of my irons in the fire to be a sword already!
he's such a dumbass ya I'm talkin about you start proof reading lol
