follow and let her know I sent yu!
Just walked passed Yo Gotti in Military Circle mall....
Happy mothers day to all of joe mama's out there! :D
Thanks so much for following me!
#ILoveMyMomBecause she took my phone away, left me crying histerically and went to downtown & is not gonna let me go to prom.
All these people are talking about feeling these earth quake after shocks, i have not felt one yet..
Hahaha ok thanks! :)
4 days till 's cd im taking off hits stores in the US!
lmfaaao yes maybe!
You might see that look everyday from your subject but they may not. Set up your shot, elicit the response, shoot & give it to your subject.
Coincidence: when God chooses to remain anonymous
Too funny! Lol RT : ": The tribal tattoo is the male version of a tramp stamp." I strongly disagree haha
your clothing line but sad you dont design for the plus size ladies? why dont you & will you ever?
Rainy Monday means I would really like to be in bed with a book...
Thanks Amy. Good luck!
You're correct. Unfortunately, some orgs, like Idaho Freedom Foundation, were clear that they would use party reg against people.
sad part=they dont get the sarcasm RT We have really good interns this term
lol its seems you can always wake up 2 something dope at 4 in the morn
u another one that don't wanna answer the question... But like I said its cool I don't need to battle her. my spot is solidified
Honestly , It Would make my life if followed me . (:
they're prolly looking for us :( tell them were waiting in the creepy van outside!
i might fight for u i might not it all depends
Quick question: When is your nominating deadline?
It's my Friday! Heading to Southern Cal tomorrow for a brief trip to Disneyland and a wedding.
RT : Alright, May is here! #Unifest is right around the corner so get your tickets because they're going fast!...
no prob I am busy watching
Drinking the collaboration scotch ale Highway 78. wasn't kidding. Fantastic stuff.
That would be awesome!
Cracks me up when the bunny is bouncing around the house and Sam tries to stalk her. She has no fear of him, unlike Sylvia (the cat).
so excited for a night at home with my hubbie...kopps custard & a movie! perfect night :)
Sometimes people need to stop texting and actually make a phone call
I hear ya.. feel the same way -_- trying to make the best of it RT : FML
I smile because I am happy & all that negativity won't bring me down. #stressfree & I will work hard to keep it that way
Amare is dumb why would u punch glass ? But its good in a way he is out and melo bouta go off ! Get amare out of NY
Things I've learned in the past month: disappointments can most definitely be the biggest blessings in disguise.
If your wearing flipflops paint your toenails ew #dirty & stop going tanning orange bitch :)
with your brand and personality, you are crazy if you don't!!
Guy in elevator seemed so shocked I responded to his "how's it going?", I thought his next words would be "YOU CAN SEE ME?! OH, THANK GOD!"
Party deals also result in the big basket of issues supported. Academics and urbans find themselves with GM's big labor anti mass transit.
You forgot Majerus. Can get on a roll
Why is this Arena movie so horrible? People dressed in kendo outfits but referred to as samurai.
when is the new cd coming and what is the name?
RT I would hire a piano play just so that there was classical music always playing in my house.
I miss you I need you I want you . ost. pocari sweat
So hard to change profile pic on mobile twitter..
Netflix's business strategy: look desperate
EXACTLY!": All the Zimmerman defenders are awfully quiet. They're usually in my mentions the second after I tweet his name."
great to hear from you! What month are you looking at? :)
yes. Same color as always.
good luck
thanks! #attempting hope all is well in your camp
Happy birthday !
Thanks to PC followers! You make the world go round!
#dcquake i felt the shake in SE dc, it woke me out my sleep i thought "the earth is shaking", went to the bathroom and went back to sleep..
which mighty airline are you flying tonight. My first guess is US Air.
Sharon looks amazing, right? ;)
nope not untill you treat me right lol
#ThingsIGottaTeachMySon to not fuck up like i did
RT BREAKING NEWS: Twitter extends limit to 143 characters on Canada Day so Canadians can add "eh?" to every tweet. (via )
you better get me a job !! I square !
maybe they can socialize with my classy neighbors soon. Ours use the slightest excuse to set off fireworks.
u up late best friend
Also congrats to for being elected to the Board of Directors of !!
and the #Kings have had to go through the top two seeds in the West and possibly a "third" seed. Strange indeed
Bye bye Aufstieg
Awww shit... RT New York Yankees call up Jayson Nix. No corresponding move as of yet.
Can i please have a follow?
Sitting with as he is listening to his own interview LIVE right now!!!
Less than 20 days until parade day! Start gathering your green because the streets of downtown Milwaukee will be going green on March 10.
Wow, only 3 other people here who consider themselves "bloggers or tweeters" - and 1 doesn't even have a computer. He plans to blog later?
Come on violet davis fingers crossed hope hope :)))
Full post. I loathe teasers, RSS or "newsletter".
I still remember when loan sharks had last names like Gambino and Bonnano. Now theyre named Visa and MasterCard.
Huge win for the #Brewers. Nice outing for Wolf.
not sure if I replied to this... <3 Chicago BTW. Been there twice. Loved it.
He is just (in my opinion) not a major league talent...
All humans are not created equal. Some have bigger wangs! =
#cheatersalwayssay. I gotten so fucked up last night. I honestly don't remember what happend.
Tanning during school>>>>
A popular person can make it happen around they block...But a 'Live' person can make it happen anywhere¡¡¡
+1 RT : It is beyond time that I found someone who can love me fairly.
Idk why this page makes me laugh. It just does-->
android faile you again! I'm home now :p
Surf, then Dive: Tweets "direct attention to destinations where it can be sustained with more concentration and immersion."
Fourteen more days until drunk punk time in california. Have you had your drunk punk today??? ??? ???
Suspended from school bitcchhhhh
Glorious. I'll be in a fury of paint, poster board, and iPad, but I hope you'll say hello!
I ain't Neva wanted to do nothin but make me some money stunt and fuck some bad bitches that's not too much I don't think
Thanks for retweeting our link!
excuse my newbie fan question: who on the #usmnt is blocking ? Would love to see his playmaking on big squad.
": Ready to bring it. Hardcore Training.
Cheap Prescriptions - Reduced Costs up to 28% - Giant Eagle - Generic Drugs -
Hi, my name is Corey. I'm the straight edge kid that still hangs out at a bar because it's okay. It's called
I would love to go to this art show tonight if it wasn't so yucky out.
Man: I see a fundamental issue of governance -- no one has confid in how system is being managed.
YW. Hey look at u on Twitter! Take care.
World Health Day LA has joined the Twittersphere! Help us spread the word about this year's event at the LA Expo Center on April 7!
I'm happy and I'm sad!
your followers just keep on going up!
Danm Chicago snow lots of snow...... #Blizzard Flow
nice hustle, Erin!!!!
Took a wrong turn, now I'm rollin thru the slums! Its a good thang I'm so hood.....
Yes you are welcome :)
#ICanAdmit...I want to run for student body president next year
And eavesdropping on a conversation about barrel-racing down Niagara Falls. Whoa.
What do you do to break out of your midday slump? In this past fit tip, Lynne teaches you a few moves to increase energy....
So sad. Ever see the movie Idiocracy? Getting truer every day.
Just had a 5way PLO all-in for the 8k cap per person, and now Ted Forrest just bet 10k that he can balance on his chair's 2 back legs (cont)
I hope we see a huge response at Barnsley. Until it's physically impossible NEVER GIVE UP! I still 100% believe we can do it!
My nose still hurts from that spit take i did earlier.
thanks so much for the #FF!
Marte really brings back fond memories of Ray King.
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithShady when I'm shady
what are you uploading to dropdox?
When will your idea of a combined Gratiot / Woodward Dream Cruise happen? This could be a great draw for the region...Overdo!!!
Is Blake Lively single?
What do ya think of my pretty new dress? BLK/White #GIRAFFESROCK !
has us rotf: calling peeps out and talking about a convo overheard in the
Performing at the Republic Kitchen and Bar in Vegas in August- details soon!
#darronthomas big mistake dude
At Schubas tonight checking out It's been awhile since I last saw her so yeah, I'm pretty amped about this.
what is this \m/?
Having a crisis. Flash Gordon (1980) is not available on iTunes, Netflix or Hulu Plus.
Where's the article? I'm sure it will make me mad, but I should probably read it anyway lol.
thanks! 4 races in 2012 so far! #;)
Drop off a donation of Playdough or bubbles. They will give you as pop-up calendar while supplies last! bit.ly/ampdb
DARIN MYMAN IS OUR MAIN MVP!
Without God der is no us so peace, love, and soul rt
yea my bad I thot u stayed here
thank you! Makes me feel better!
Pi >>> Felix Pie
Just sent you a direct message to contact me by phone again, or email.
YES we KNOW Mom deserves Robuchon or Guy..if u can't get a rezzy fret not dear friend!!! We gonna have fun ta night!! Food Court in 4.5 hrs
let me see let me see!
Get on my fucking nerves.......real talk
RT : Oh, those wacky social marketers across the hall at #HDScorp have struck again! Cool creative for
hey there! My first show with was Aug10 which was my last time on stage...getn ready for this comp season ,its time!
Hey #Bama twitterati - use #LSUPower to get our Tweets projected on the Entergy building in #NewOrleans during the
Class three days a week/four day weekends? I can dig that.
Happy International Women's Day!
Stumbled-upon beauty is always such a gift. That's one thing NYC abounds in - astonishing serendipity.
Why, thank you! That was sweet!
missed you last night in AZ, I know my fam & killed it tho.
Staying in and watching The Sitter, eating pizza with
#OneThingIDontLike is when a bitch can't suck dick...
It's the only one I've read of his. Horrible and at least 2x as long as it needed to be.
Hey there. I've been trying to reach the media person at IMAC all morning. Can you give me a call? 619-281-7526x117
Rio rancho , killians red
worst defense in football was superbowl team last whats that saying
inherit Baton Rouge is now on Twitter! Follow us if you love
take this guy on.. ": I am hipsterrunoff on 'Draw Something'. Will be playing all day today during jury duty."
That awkward moment when you favorite your own tweet....
your mine? (:
shoot me your math so we can chopp it up.
Well well.....r u a bride to be or groom to be? I have the perfect venue for you !!! Call me 3017411614. It's right on the water front!
less than 10 turnovers = laker losses.
At the rate I'm going, I'll be unburied from the #rootstech conference right about the time I need to leave for the
Great to see and rocking' out with today. Thanks gents
RT Heading to Tampa. Any good recommendations? Larry the limo guy AKA Egans twin will b there call when land
God, Fantastic Mr. Fox is so good.
you might be where he's at but im where he wanna be .
I suppose you like the Hobbit. They're also making the Runelords picture, if you've read it. Vote on the actors
Thanks for the follow! Looks like I'll be seeing you bright and early tomorrow at #SMBMSP. Looking forward to it!
has announced upcoming show of work by local collaborators/twins joseph & john dumbacher. really looking forward to this.
And solid flag footballer.
2012 #NFL Draft is 13 days away.
I hope she survives!!!!
Help me win an ipad! Please wrire on my wall @ www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
Now how would you feel if you had bought your dream home with your own U.S. Dollars and your own U.S. Deed, later to have the...
Doctor Who
I know Lady. i'm digging it!
got to be good to have options! Good luck.....Leader! Best wishes for u n family!
saw in an article yesterday that a shootin range used targets that look like Trayvon Martin, didnt have his face but had the skittles n tea
And the band played on. RT : Tomi Hiers, 's 3rd chief of staff in 13 months, announces her departure, officials say.
I was bound to say something eventually.
just saw the Marine video. That was unfortunate, those Taliban really tied the room together.
999 followers? Dang, how'd that happen?
This dog like just put his lil balls in my face
LinkedIn tip for new users: search yourself and delete old acct you forgot you set up.
great thanks!! How are things with you?
thank you for following
RT : hey #RVA what's going on tomorrow night? Looking for a great place to celebrate my birthday!
We are excited to be invited to speak at the LifePlan Hawaii Youth Summit at the Four Seasons in Kona today.
#CrewLove or you dont have swag
Hope is doing great!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRL. <333
what's up thank you for following hope your having a great
My lips are chapped, I think they’re dying without the touch of yours!
Questions I ask to determine the argument grade: A) Does an argument exist? B) Who is to blame? C) How should it be fixed?
I'm gonna sit back & let folks continue to play themselves!
brother I am on 4 trying to find a way to go for a 5th
Chillin watching My Little Pony with tommy
Neilsen also has been stellar this season.
Think I got enought breast milk as a kid, and I think I preferred it warm.
Fake starting a new twitter account just to see what names aren't takin "" is still available
thanks! we're glad you had a great experience!
Warm ups have began here in Minny. I better stay away from the water bottle & Gopher fans. I got in trouble once....
They're all idiots.
Hopefully no one.
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them.
#VolcanoGirl #Carmageddon is only 4 days away. The city needs a hero to protect against this nightmare. And to save me when I'm on the 10 :(
The Artist vs The Tree of Life. Which movie do you think really deserves the best picture Oscar?
every day is cinco de mayo for you!
You're not going to be here next week though :/ lol we'll go watch it again when you come back permanently!
Rick Santorum says that babies that are born as a result of a rape are a gift. Ladies, watch out for those overly generous dudes at the bar.
Daddy-daughter Time in full effect boyeeeee! I love this little chick.
"However" is a fancy way of saying "but".
Thanks for the shout on the song! Can't wait to see the response when this is completed.
im soo excited jersey shore comes on tonite
Md approves gay marriage, Va. looks to declare a fetus a person. Crazy how border states can differ so much.
Hey #teamhot1061 hope you enjoyed the #BBMS ... next up
Breakfast in el paso before finishing this drive.
The guy trying to put a 45 in the cdj definitely should win some kind of january 20th award
hey justin follow me plz and add me on your skype
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you're late and errbody look at you like you shot someone
Ain't that a kick in the head.
A reported 350 Continentals have been captured, 20 killed and 40 MIA during the failed attack on Quebec. British casualties were limited.
I never thought sleeping in would be a challenge. Great does this mean I'm officially an adult?
RT : #InfoSec2012 Imminent launch of BT's SATURN global security graphics tool - working with SOCRATES to identify and...
RIP Michael J
“: Mirror: aw, you look cute today. - Camera: LOL, no.”
In the studio
Rays just signed Hideki Matsui... He can't replace Longo's bat in that lineup, but there weren't many other options out there...
Check out our BigCartel; I'm really hungry, my wallet's empty and I can't eat these tank tops by myself.
Text marketing - make your venue's band schedule available to people walking down the street; then bring em in with a drink discount.
Cashman is really looking great coming put of off season. Have o think soriano will pick it up. best off season ever for him?
Next Issue Media intros unique digital magazine subscription model - ZDNet (blog)
I'll check with Tom Selleck.
Dear clients: It's really easy to tell when you're lying to us. Do not bother.
Show me what you got.
. I biggest beef I have w/ Spo is, if you're drawing up a 3pt play, why not put in all your 3pt shooters??
Poets of fall....rocks man!!!
Great day today(: hopefully the rest goes good(:
“: i love how i can drop my blackberry as many times as i want to & it still works perfectly. no cracked screens lol” all plastic
Ready to see my girls again at some point..Miss em already!Why do we have to grow up and get old?
oh yeah go Blur go
My nigga I'm faded, faded, faded.... AND I DNT GIVE A F***!!!
Hard to cope if you judge yourself. Let it go. What can u do for urself today that will absolutely rock?
RT : I'm indecisive right now. --> We are here to answer any questions you may have.
Gotta get my hair lined up and trimmed down tomorrow.
Holy fuck I love that movie!
Gotta keep this stuff contained.
The #Padres have the longest current road series winning streak in #MLB - they've won 11 straight at Pittsburgh. Next high is 6.
follow back
I actually took that photo! It was gross, btw. And I love tots, so that's saying a lot.
That's two signs now
I'm willing to take one for the team.
I cannot wait until summer! Sundresses and city festivals here I come. We need to get together SOON =)
Congratulations on new arrival, so great!
Getting ready for Golden Days and the Rubber Duckie Race? We have Bill Spear's Rubber Duckie pins at the Fairbanks Community Museum!
Downton Abbey is about awesome. Pure, "landed gentry" awesome.
Friendship is like peeing on yourself everyone can see it but only you can get the warm feeling that it bring
Go easy on him, He looks like a rookie.
#Askaquestion A librarian will be online to chat between 9 am and 3 pm today.
Thanks Whitney....let us know how it goes :-)
reminder: Sept 21 - "Visual Made Verbal Making Visual Images Accessible to People Who Are Blind or Have Low Vision" www.bit.ly/cmmA3c
way to go Duke!
hwy sweet thang! spent afternoon with Rachel wood--discussed how fab you were...hope you had a wonderful bday weekend!! xoox
BAND OF SKULLS getting ready in the Big Room
Keep it up tony great racing so far
that explains it.
talking about putting public deposits into local banks to help leverage loans for small biz's- referencing...
We look forward to seeing you all on Sunday!
's data shows that Mitt Romney's running mate should be Rubio if he picked now. Neat, I wonder how data will change
Busy today
<U+5728><U+4E0A><U+6D77><U+6709><U+4E50><U+8DA3> (have fun in Shanghai)!
I found the Wienerschnitzel off of Braker Lane. Tuesday evenings are now reserved for my unhealthy addiction to chili dogs.
How did Chief Keef become the hottest artist in Chicago? Just cause Kanye validated him that makes him hot?
SD Advertising has an opening for a marketing manager. If anyone is interested let me know.
LSU Loses tomorrow. Come watch.
This RT : JR Smith in 2K12 couldn't do what JR Smith just did in real life.
Looking for Zambian Bloggers and their blog links
We're still one Mikie short, unfortunately. :(
it's not fair to me. i can't let him ruin something that makes me happy.
Did anyone else's BTN go from a girls story about being released from a hospital and imediately switch to an ambulance chaser commercial?
how did you know Mr. Depue?
Now I'll be able to sleep soundly knowing that the grizzlies won
"I see London I see China, I see one very happy vagina" ahahaha got to love SNL(:
ewww I just put too much sugar in my cornflakes!
@ 2011 hoka hey riders meeting I'm gonna learn the rules a few minutes
Watched the Potato Bowl. Ideas for future bowls: The Spam Bowl, The Yam Bowl, The Celery Stick Bowl, The Succotash Bowl, The Mild Salsa Bowl
then I'm a badass 'cause i fuckin' love AA.
that isn't you? lol. FAKE ACCOUNT.
Agreed! I am going to be first in line when she and Joshua drop their albums!
: remember when you gave options to import content into your service. Now that you're shutting down could we get an export?
Will sex ever stop selling... What do you think...
I've been wanting to try that out.
Hello from the Kevin Hayden Band!
THE 5B'S PULL UP PARK JAM THIS SATURDAY IN BROOKLYN NYC!!!! I'M THERE FROM CLEVELAND OHIO.....
This is very helpful!
I was going to curl my hair for the wedding, but I think I like it better blown out...
Just am not a fast texter...I try, but when I try too hard to be quick, I fuck up more often than not!
Take advantage of every day that GOD gives you. Make something happen.
has declared a Weather Authority Alert Day for possible heavy snow tomorrow. Follow for updates
Someone talk to me? (:
Glad you are back and blogging. I made angel hair with heirloom tomatoes & chopped garlic last night and thought of you.
RANGO is the cartoon johnny depp/Dr Gonzo movie for "kids"
I'm on avail!
Winds have died down a bit but we have a few rain drops - either that or they just released something foul from the plane that flew over us
Yes it does. Im happy too but i feel like i've missed alot of stuff that is going on with the boys :(
You must either modify your dreams or magnify your skills. – Jim Rohn
oh yea
Been watching more reality shows lately. I always wonder what they don't show... do these people really act like this?!
MT : SMART Car "against dumb" campaign shared by as campaign that drove results & appeal to heads/hearts.
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset Trash talkerz (say it 2 ma face or don't say it at all !!!)
Works for me
playing this night in a private party in Queens
I think that's why the British school system is so much better than ours.
A2: This isn't a groundbreaking thought, but definitely things like Kickstarter.
RT : Thank you for the information on #copyright - it was really helpful!
Car rides with my dad are so stressful
Boy what da f**k you want??
S/O to ya'll.
indeed it was a beautiful day! Thanks for stopping in
you complete me.
Marshawn Lynch traded to the Seahawks? So much for Justin Forsett's sleeper value this year!!
RT : A3: Tip for jobseekers networking online: Offer more info than "I need a job. Please see my resume/LI profile".
yay! Text me whenever you need my address and I'll give it to you.(:
I DON'T NEED ANGER MANAGEMENT... I JUST NEED PEOPLE TO STOP PISSING ME OFF...
Ill buy the ps3 my dam self
Fuck Kobe & the lakers #let's go SPURS
got to love the heckler at Weinergate
I hear ya about the recovery. Worst part? I am second in my big money pool but picked Izzo and the boys to win. :(
Awesome ... thanks!
Lemon basal thyme gingr chicken, lemon honey butter balsamic glaze petit red potatoes n broccoli parmesean parsley roasted
Thank you.
Championship Sunday is here! Let's go Big Blue <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Aw, shucks! Thanks, sir.
Joran Vandersloot (confessed killer) a father2be thru congical visits in jail? Really? Again..#Ridiculous! This was this womans best option?
true or false did you call a girl cute in picture's a girl in my school said you talk to her THIS IS THE ? NOW U ANSWER!!!!!!!
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
He's going to be an independent consultant (while also running Museums and the Web with Nancy, Titus and Hiroko.)
Favorite Sorbet Flavor?
thanks for the follow. Y'all are a great place to find #bbq sausage from the Sausage Capitol of Texas, namely us!
wind is whipping out there -- whitecaps on the #ErieCanal!
what about qik?
All are welcome to our next happy hour (8/16/11) at Mainstay Rock Bar - come, bring a friend... or 4. $5 gets you apps and drink specials!
#10FactsAboutMe I am in LOVE...with everything right on now lol
THAT WAS JUST THE GREATEST WEDDING EVER EVEN BETTER THEN MY OWN I SO LOVE JASAM
Great question. Factiva automatically flagged key words that came up most and and that was not one of them...
Im laying down and my sister sitting down right beside me
Most of the time when people make fun of me when im out idc, but once in a while i feel like kickin some teeth
it did there's no more season after this one, lost too much money etc. , aah I already talked to my peeps, this most likely last
like if he would of said okc that would of been ok but everyone jump to the heat ship
I'm ready to pass out for the night <U+E13C>
Black white brown, gay or straight. My machete does not discriminate.
I get to see you in 8 days :D
A lot of people message me and ask to see larger size scans, esp. of 4x5 pics. I reduce the DPI of anything online to 72.
read Brahms Doppel Konzert for Cello + vln Op 102 So much fun on gtr.! many things work perfectly...just for fun! gets u close to Brahms!
P. Diddy ain't got shit on me this morning
very cool. what instrument(s) do you play?
You do realize how pointless that comment is, right?
lol...But Walrus Vegeta never used the spirit bomb. Shouldn't of it been titled "Vegeta Gallick Gun"?
You guys, I haven't been on a *Date* date in like...ever? I am so freaking out right now.
I need my hair light <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
RT Yes we can.
Kind of excited for Boarder Grill to open downtown.
Thank U :} but i aint gonna lie, my legs are so F'ing sore!!! Lol
haha Twitter resembles those tiny books of inspirational quotes. When I read them I hear it in a star guide voice :D
I was thinking it was the byproduct of Goodwill oxygen.
": First "Caprese" salad since leaving the ATL ..... #BeenTooLong" too cute...miss this!!
Great job on CSI! Though I didn't expect or want you to die at the end!
RT : RT : Today is local food showcase! Come to shady side academy for lunch, meet farmers, vegan food cook off.
1 reason many people don't feel an intimacy with God is they don't have a daily rhythm with God; they a have a weekly rhythm. MB
Me too! RT : #NowPlaying Sad Statue By System Of A Down
Is there a clean way to merge an existing pull request from a master repository into my fork?
goodnight to all.. have a wonderful weekend. I know I sure will.. even though theres work to be done. I will find the time for RELAXATION!
Watching the hangover 2 and 30 minutes to less :) so excited greatest movies :)
The bus? Just got here...
Your the Tyler to my Norah:)
please follow me Austin. #mahomieforlife :)
lmaooo I am I just did half an hour on the maquina :']
Thanks to (great game tonight), , for joining today on !
Goodbye night couldn't be more fun!!!!!!
am desperately waiting to see Natalie Merchant! Perhaps we'll meet up at #battledecks?
Life Is Good!
follow the music. TheyRe doing sound check now
I'm in shape. Round is a shape isn't it?
We are such lucky bums..
you're do dumb. hahahah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Just wanted to say I really really really want oomf. N I think he knows it too SMH
Thank you! My exam's over, so I'm off to and ! And there will be pictures.
Oh but I will muahahaha :D
Two words...skee ball.
#BlackParentsQuotes oh u want to run away... Hell ill pack your bag and drop u off
Stressed at 1:30am is the worst and least useful time to be stressed. Any 2-bedroom apartment leads, #dc?
Aw! THank you!!!! You rock! I hope your day is filled with fun activities, good times, and amazing experiences!
smh my page was hacked I didn't even put that
Good Morning
Morning Everyone <3
The bird ate the bug. The end.
Thanks for a great conversation today about how to maximize organizational and creative potential. Looking forward to the journey!
Abdominal pain :/
Is it bad for me as a supporter to say I love right now for holding United? I don't think so...
Can people see if you muted them?? Like can they tell? Lool and can they see my tweets?
Hey, Miss Musical Storyteller! What's your favorite story to tell/sing?
I wonder how many people just got screwed out of money by that safety?
"Capt Jackson surveyed the crew, the ocean and the Spanish fleet, then turned back to Will. 'Well, it is surely a good day to die, yes?'"
what are you talking about?
Did Obama really have him some DOG for lunch? I would never do that! Unless Bojangles served it - then I might TRY it
Thanks for the shares!
Agree'd and the fall will chant him like they did Camby and Wallace
Sorry for the ambiguity. Meant to say the Librarian List should be a "value" to those who read/use it (useful or interesting)
Jealous you made it to all the #dcweek fashion events yesterday. What else are you attending? I'd love to meet up!
That #Philly #Chicago game was nuts. #NBAPlayoffs #Iguodala =
N 2012 ask not what u want th 1% 2 do 4 u but how U can help the other 99%!
Rangers Have Bounces Break Against Them in Another Game 2: A Fan's Recap (Yahoo! Contributor Network)
LEARN TO PITCH
4 every "why women don't" article there r women that do, r doing & have done articles. Ladies which will u read?
Interesting insight. I think this is just an isolated thing, though. I wasn't very queer-identified in hs.
Google Voice integration with Sprint is incredibly buggy, a year after release.
Throw it at the wall!
you a producer
Sweet. My youngest son had a babydoll he took everywhere. Only one kid asked why. My son was like, uh...why not?
Terrific interview, Ann Patchett!
NO chance he comes to KY. The AD at KY hates Petrino! That's a fact
I'm done
Im Back on twitter
darn ill be there from Feb 15th to the 19th:/ miss you by a couple weeks.
Lawson, Afflalo, Gallinari, Faired & Mozgov. Nuggets lineup sounds like a soccer team lineup
my buddies and I are heading to Scotland to watch the Cup and will be proudly wearing your kit; earn us some free drinks vs ENG!
I can't find the men's European shoe size conversion for a size 43 in US size? I'm getting 2 sizes online, 9 or 10. Which is it!?!
ha! maybe the stapler was for someone else? I was going to draw Milton, but instead I went with a red stapler :)
Yesmam, got them all. I think, haha.
Why do people always have remarks to make about young people being pregnant! Shut the fuck up, it doesn't concern you so go do one.
HECK YEAH! haha
I SEE...GREAT EXAMPLE!! RT Plenty of examples
Love a #nudist discount vacation 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
So, now that it's over, what was your favorite part of the Show Me Music and Arts Festival?
IMHO: The world needs more Billy Squier
Maybe. I'll let you figure out that one. Back to my original point, if you could do it at less than 5% you probably should.
ha<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>--> “: #Scorpio's sex appeal seems to ooze from every pore.”
Thanks for the FF
The Best Dressed At The Twilight: Breaking Dawn UK & US Premieres With the release of the new Twilight: Breaking Dawn Part 1 film on the
Should I finish watching Sleeping Beauty on youtube?
main house is about 1300sq ft & expansion house next door is about 700sq ft i think
. If you want to redistribute wealth, you've got to redistribute wealth.
It is killing me seeing New Girl GIFs on Tumblr. How did I totally forget to watch it last night?!
For us, it's rather different crowd on each.
#SometimesAllAGirlWants Is what she can't have.
Rb2 choice of Grant, LT, or B Wells. What do think?
Hug CAP, Date Minwoo, Marry Mir
what notes?
But nevertheless less I love the new song it's called 'someone better'
I wonder what kind of magic dick sucking it would take to get Josh Hamilton?
Costume Party tonight at The Spot. DJ Thump at 9. Come and be seen.
The sf office is positively gorgeous!! What a great place to hold the #ixda redUX SF
Aerosol Attack
Who's trying to go to the hunger games with me?
Happy to be hanging with a good friend (& great writer) tonight to play a few tunes and do a little harmonizing. And drink wine.
Haha I can't go anyway because of work
Gurrrl you already know we will (:
great video I am now following thanks for sharing!
Jeff Gardner for President!
My sisters a stupid child -.-
did you shoot last seasons with a different camera or format? i could not keep involved and i love amazing race!
The mercedes benz commercial I did is finally playing in the usa now!
It's a lobster dinner for two in the seafood section of Safeway on Alhambra.
Heading out for tonight's food review
even though I live in Otlando, I never get tired of going to Harlem. It has really turned around & I'm happy for it....
MJ's big announcement - he's really a woman?
Cooking channel : wonderful programing for fun and easy dishes. ******* alton brown
The Vietnam Foundation supports open educational resources, digital signal processing research, and talking library for the blind programs.
Pettitte wasn't too bad. I think he looked like the ole Andy out there. Go #Yankees!
non-white v necks... white doesnt look good on me haha
Sometimes it's best to let go... and be selfish for once and worry about yourself.
i'm up woo
I appreciate that response thank you. I meditate daily thru many principles. So a Guru is who and I need then correct?
Congrats to all the APU grads, great to see some of you tonight
If it's on an Android, it's not exclusive.
I can't stand your favouritism
Confession: the Ramen in the office microwave smells amazing.
How did I not know that both Brandy and Tia Mowry were on your show??
You know that song to?! :D LoL this is an awkward question but do you have a facebook?? xD
they always put on quite a show, huh?
hang in there...
Now im watching #LeapYear i love this movie:D
Only in buffalo.
Does Tyler Lamb play in a Prince cover band? Or was he just Morris Day for Halloween and forgot to take the gel out of his hair?
Thanks for the shout, y'all are awesome!!!
's mtv promos are amazing. Can't take my eyes off them.
You know the best part of working on a team is? Watching people do things that I can't do.
Welcome Dr. Vicki Phillips () to Twitter!
cheating is fucking disgusting.
Dont you just LOVE us?! I <3 U! Follow me! Gonna meet you on April 20th (:
My head feel/smell so much better since I washed it...
thanks for the follow you guys! good stuff up ahead!
Yes, I've officially gone mad.
Hello! Ah, favorites... My all time fav is La Maison du Chocolat, and Li Lac in NYC is so good. Any you love?
omg dying this is so amazing
I'm on the computer, daughter on oovoo, and my son is playing xbox.. Yup, I guess we are a digital family...
Where is today?
I believe Shane Victorino hit a solo shot to left ...
thanks for the shout Matt.
Thanks for your presence and powerful words at yesterday's LAUSD meeting!
They're not the same people I'm assuming?
lol, I'm going to share this with her...want her number?
Charles Eddie Wiseman~ Were going to raise a lost generation of children unless they are properly disciplined and properly spanked.
Its hard to believe this.
You don't have to like me, I wasn't born to please you.
Last day at Jubilee!
21 hour commute...almost over I look really stoned
yeah so I'll come early so we can hang out
and that is how you win a basketball game!
Supposed to be 81 degrees around six & a little cloudy so let's hope the whole day stays like this .!
I'm stackin my paper & stackin my bitches
Thanks man. I'll be sure to check it out. It looks like it is exactly what I was looking for and will be a great help.
Everyone headed out to the beach tonight take the 2nd exit lane closures on the macarthur
Wearing pink for all those affected by breast cancer today! Love you grandma!
d'aw. I love you, dallon!!
Goodnight my beautiful followers! <3
it's a difficult thing. Ask my Orlando friends.
Did not "abandoned marriage". Unlike you, our President knows what a loving marriage is.
..nope. Not really.
Walking neighborhoods in Irving. Thank you to our great volunteers! Your work is making a real difference!
"Girl,you are so fine I wish that I could get you over here girl Tonight so I Could get my grown man on with you"
We need OT from USC!
Thanks Rebecca! Donors like you helped us achieve amazing things with our South Africa partners in 2010. Can't wait for 2011!
I remember that assignment! Goodluck :) RT being creepy at the #sdsu arc and taking notes for 310w
I hear ya.
just got done watching hit the lights music video
thanks. I will check this out.
your so perf your my insparation your amazing i luv you mahomie 4ever <3 (: wanna skype pretty please that would make my year!
don't cut it
This stylish shirt has really boosted my confidence. I crossed the street all by myself.
We need a heat wave!!
Have nothing to wear tonight. Yay.
I need food, a bed, and Law and Order: SVU
omg girl, my arms hurt so bad from tae bo bootcamp yesterday! Back on wagon and doing good! Weigh in on Thursday
Wtf this bitches naked Shesse ..its not even summer yet
At the festival in the last boro of the #5borobike and the (almost) end.
Yo Happy birthday!!!!!!
they're season is over, they lost in the 1st round of the playoffs to Rochester 14-13. :/
bo. One of these days we'll hang out again.
I absolutely love it!!!!! Thank you....:D
Remembering those who lost their lives 10 years ago, and those who gave their lives since. 9/11 - i still remember where i was that day.
That fish was poppin
Lol true I'm going to change it ;) Thanks
I guess you are Living In Oblivion. ;-)
RT : In that case I think you use different platforms - but each objective can still be met.
You'll have to let me know what you think. It's on Tuesday on the late news.
Any teaching-related links for May's Teaching Carnival ? Send them to !
its kinda hard to believe tho since they seem to really love each other. Idk why she would do that tho .-.
I was bored and needed someone to follow on my phone so I can seem popular when it rings Dx
Not safe: Access Facebook, Yelp And Google From Car’s Dashboard
America's Got Talent with Howard Stern AND the Bachelorette with that dumbass- yay!
Lost another Hip Hop Legend R.I.P. MCA
I wanted attention at the time but I apologized to everyone already. I was just being stupid.
I'm eating a banana and I haven't had one in a while, I don't think I like them as much as I remembered
Remember - in life you can have things FAST or you can have them GOOD. Rarely can you have both. Quality is the key. Every. Single. Time.
Oh shit nice haircut. That's the kinda hair we needed during the season.
YESTERDAY, I cast my vote for the next Charimen of the DC Council. KWAME BROWN!!
You're welcome!
The mobile site looks great. Thanks!!
my birthay was yesterday. Can i get a "happy belated birthda linda?" :D
thanks! I wish you and your family the same!
Canfield overthrows James Rodgers. Could have been BIG play (possible TD?)
When favorites a lot of videos all I have to do is giggle lol :-)
Fantastic to see you as well, Saif. I continue to be inspired by the positive spirit of My best!
I'm dying!
“: Friends knock on your door. Best friends walk into your house and start eating.”
i agree with kobe. as an old coach of the Lakers once said-NO REBOUNDS NO RINGS
So what all are you guys Doin tonight for new years?
Actually more like an awkward silence....
Are you making the most of #leapday in #Miami? You should -- There won't be another one until 2016!
About to listen to a session on #RealTime in which the hashtag listed is #RT. #RT in Twitterland = tons of retweets...
Day 1 of being my own boss #thankyoujesus and my PT clients
I like to keep a broadline between critical thinking and credulity. Esp when it comes to the Holocaust and its deniers.
007 at the bottom of the stairs choking the fuck outta the Black dude. Kill or be killed
It was Just a Dream Just a Moment ago I was Up so High looking down in the Sky don't let me Fall
Took my nephew shopping and he wanted my style advice :). I've never been so thrilled!!!
Happy Hump Day Savers! Don't forget to stop by your local Starbucks for BOGO holiday drinks starting today at 2 pm! Enjoy and happy saving
Ha my favorites are way old. Stumbled across 40 pairs of heels
One of our chickens loves to be petted, picked up and held. She's kind of a dog chicken.
Happy Friday everyone. car just died T_T
Trevor the swim coach hasn't been to practice in two days what a slacker
Yes but it's on a show-by-show basis. So check back about a week b4, to see if we are offering RUSH for our Broadway shows
lol. Outta here with team clipps.
IT'S YOU!!!! Let me win, let me FEEL it, retweet me!
ADAM JONES!!!! 3 Run Homerun in the top of the 17h!
I got you come to Sevilla tonight after work!!
Jesus: No man understands the extent of My suffering during My crucifixion or the way in which I was scourged.
reply please to my DM
#DeepestSongsOfAllTime Hot Problems~
I want to stay with them because I like rewarding good corporate citizenship, but I'm going to need stability and reassurance.
I hate seeing people where Cubs stuff to Indians games. No one likes you. GET THE HELL OUT
While you worried bout me I'm worried bout making 7 figures something you might not never know bout
"how do I look when I'm smoking? Sexy right?" -Kim zolciak to her young daughters...... Are ya kidding?
Get your balance!
These hoes gettin they self into something they cant get out of.!
Now time to start my weekend! A bit of retail therapy at the mall!
And I'm such an animal lover too! I've never had a kitty attack! Luckily, I had antibacterial wipes.
Important night for the #Warriors... need one more loss to drop into a tie for 7th-worst record.
It will make my weekend if Duke loses.
“: in the gym? While u were shootin? I wouldnt really know tho. I wasn't there.” Bitch!
Can parents not go to the classroom and ask what their kids are learning under current law? Tests and assessments are part of learning.
In a woman the flesh must be like marble; in a statue the marble must be like flesh
Happy Administrative Professionals Day to all those it applies to. Couldn't do it without you!
If you're interested in some of my business contacts, follow he's doing some great things down in Greensboro, NC
Watching white cheeks with my best friend and #baby madi.
We experienced a total power outage yesterday but back up this morning and serving our customers !
yea they are an amazing band I wish more people will listen to them I kinda became cool with them
"Like a ghost into the night, the poison apple to my bite" <3
rcv'd a 3rd contract with the City of the Chicago! It's 4 our new Camp DeeJay teen #summerjob program.
Garage sale was a big fat waste thanks to the weather. Gah. Making a Goodwill and Halfprice books run now.
I never asked for a lie, my fault for falling again.
:) oh good lol
Beer selection is bad today :(
I got booted off Facebook
FSU WINS IT ALL! So blessed to have been a part of this. FSU Rugby, conference champs and well on their way to a national title! Make way!!!
The movie Biutiful is sad . . so sad . . .exhausting (subtitles to read) . . . but I can't look away . . . it's good
I'm sorry you suffer that anxiety. I flip having to speak in front of people. It's best you found out.
HAHAHAHAHA RT : "PASS IT KOBE!" - LeBron in his hotel room.
Having a blast at our pre launch party. Thanks to all who came and to for hosting!!!
is watching #houseofpayne, but patiently waiting to see #forbetterorwose...can't wait!!!
Im slowly dying... Of what? STARVATION! *stomach growls* Aw man... This sux...
#SaySomethin Ahh! The song is great! They even played it again ;) <3
Celebrating the year's most exasperating holiday by eating oatmeal for dinner and talking on the phone. Actually? Sincerely happy =)
CNN may be off the hook, but that doesn't excuse the rest of the lowlifes making "monster movie" jokes about Japan.
#thatonepersoninschool that everyone hates.
We deserved shit out of this game!! Not one threat at City's goal!
Sonja, evidently malicious and adroit
Coke or Sprite! Definitely H20 !
“: your presence is being requested again...with more taco spuds LOL” We'll be back soon, I promise with plenty!:)
If you have a dream, give it a chance to happen.-- Richard M. DeVos
"The hawk is only one way to fight among many, and not my favorite" is about as good as "the shadows under these collosi aren't that great."
fire at mission valencia seems to be contained, apparently it was in the Lotus Garden building. wish it were Burger King that had gone down
One of those days where I lose faith in about a million things. Here's to better things tomorrow.
Boy would I like to know where THIS conversation started.
The disaggregated data of #NCLB is a great tool for turnaround leaders. #edleaders SREB Leadership Forum
damn , im rey go off to college ... shit jus got real .
Thanks for the follow! I love meeting practitioners from around the country!
wahhh...it's a great pic!
I think these Pens... may go to 11.
Oh lord I'm goin straight to hell for that last one!
I thought greys anatomy was supposed to be 2 hours
Hey fans come join us at before and after the game, for food & drinks
I know the feeling. I'm out Hampton's Recycle Rama on the 19th. You should stop by and say Hi.
On our way to the venue vics has no chance!!!
Mormons only support Duke, aka God's team. :)
Women have a passion for mathematics. They divide their age in half, double the age of their best friend. ~ Marcel Achard
writing odes to caffeine just passed 11,000 alexandrines
I think I need to find this marathon....
#IfYouWereMine I wouldn't be talkin about how much I want you...I'd show you how much I want you!!!
It's easier to prepare and prevent, than to repair and repent. ~Anonymous
The bagel, an unsweetened doughnut with rigor mortis
Sometimes I don't understand why things happen the way they do but I know in the end that God has a plan.
WAY TO HIGH UP IN THE SKY !
im so stoked lost 15 already baseball will get me down to a comfortable 185 let us hope
hey, how is that Git guest post going btw? ;)
do u think the NHL ever adopts that rule, now that player safety/head shots are center stage?
Yeah.. should clear up that he is still with Strikeforce. Maybe soon though!
that's so sweet!!<3 your such a big sqweetheart <3
in the end - it comes down to you. If YOU are happy, then its all that matters - men should not dictate our bodies
Shooting with the great tonight in his natural habitat in NYC. What will happen?! No one knows.
Lets welcome Among the Few to the BHB page!
I understand #Bestie!
You gotta get some Cats on the show too, like , and others!!
“: Yesterday, announced Hunter Mahan is joining the game." he has reached stardom.
Late Walmart run
Haha my fat ass is hungry! But don't wanna get up.. too lazy!
yes, they do!
Do styles create silos? cc RT [w/held] to submit MS to JITP I'd have to convert from APA to Chicago style: turn-off
Both! He's very intelligent, but is also a product of his environment. Social networking was really taking off when he started!
The mind is a powerful thing.
whats been going on
When I am down I just want someone to hug me tight and say "Here are some Direction tickets" I would love that!!<3<3
okay good. She really needs a guy like you.
#honestly I have been anorexic before.
Working with pregnant women is giving me baby fever. Not really. But really.
Stop being a Loser!!!!!
wait... Do guys really do this??? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
This live-tweeting of the BOS-->LAX temper tantrum in the row behind me is brought to you by wifi.
Lol i can't deal !!
With time, washed up comedic movie stars always seem to end up on Law & Order
Discussing the future...
She is amazing! RT : Damn I love
Great catching up with today. NYC summer BBQ is going to be wild.
Oh snaps!! Dana is on twitter now!! :p lol...wait u're engaged? Since when? Man working so much has put me behind on news -_- lol
That awkward moment at a feminist picnic when they realize no one made sandwiches
It sounds like from the article that the kids in the competition were supportive of one another..that is great!
'she' and 'pigions' are the only songs i like from tyler the creator
At the half #HEAT down by 6 it's still early folks two more to go
you're freakin awesome girl... Hope u had a good time tonight.. Mf superstars rocked it...
RT : Did u know that next year RMHC will open the 300th RMH in St. Louis?! 300 Houses means RMHC is serving LOTS of families!
Without FAITH it is IMPOSSIBLE to please GOD. FAITH without works is DEAD. HAVE FAITH IN GOD.
#ECEtechCHAT Totally! simple things like buying audio books for the lending library for the car.
WOW, that blimp shot of the outage at Candlestick is unbelievable. Video incoming from
Did Amazing,My 4 Favorite Contestants On The Stage At The Same Time :D
I've been Twitter slacking. I'ma bring it back though.
Things that remind me of you: 1) Any Starbucks or Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf; 2) Any Starbucks guitar pick!
you got me loosing my mind, my heart beat out of time, im seeing hollywood stars
seeking funding for an Italian dance documentary...visit www.allegrodancecompany.net and let us know if you would like to donate!
The #stimulus kept my brother working as Police Officer. And two of my best friends working as Teachers in the public School
#ilovemyMother <3 even thou we fight. I still love her :) + she gave birth to me!!
Livin the dream! Me, you, and some 12 inch. Records, soon sir. RT : hey hey! What up lady??
Reggie Bush will steal some touches away from Bess
Truth. RT : Why should they stop? It's working. Just like stonewalling.
Prob just more expensive pee.“ Bud Light Platinum? Perhaps it tastes slightly less like pee.”
I really have a hard time understanding why the girl two seats in front of me has been on chatroullete for the last hour...a lot of penis...
nice!! “: It’s official: Nationals agree to terms with Ryan Zimmerman on long-term contract extension… #Nationals”
I favorite tweets throughout the week and then go through them on Saturday morning. It takes about two hrs total.
You can if you want to
: Good idea! :) Good luck!
Someone tell me why my bestfriend is watching Dora lol
Wanna hit a pool
when did capitalizing after a colon become the norm? I see it everywhere now and I just don't understand.
What questions do you have about the theater or film community?
The city has bloody lost it!!
Check Out The Followers On This Page Bro
Happy Halloween from
Can you cry under water?
dont listen to the damn haterz u look fine as hell! As always!
Wifey gets mentions !
Gay its what you are not who you are:-) people also need too chill and enjoy a joke...i feel for you.
oh idk I might have to work
We lov you regardless!
very excited to view super soul sunday today!
": Someone help me, my boyfriends, Zayn, Harry, Niall, Liam, and Louis are stuck inside my computer screen."
finally got in to #googleplus and this is looking pretty interesting!
Thank you!!
I feel like a black girl right now... YOU KNOW WHATS UP !(:
We are back! Join us Monday nights at 6:30 at St. Luke's in North Park for another season of music and praise.
If u a girl a know u be getn mustache hair lol get tht shit waxed -_-.
MILW: I need ideas for outdoor wedding sites. Ready, GO!!!
your job? this begs the question...where are you going?
love the glasses XD i have a pair like that(:
I know the feeling. I used to review them for an old blog of mine. I even have BattleCards, the "scratch and slay" card game.
Harder to watch? #Cards try to score in the half court or a female dunk contest
Omg you should, my username is Jeffrey.niles1 (:
Let's Go !
Performances of RENT: The Broadway Tour begin tonight in San Francisco!
'LEWY TOMLINSON IS SO FIT.' I don't know a Lewy but Louis is.
Welcome! Thanks for your persistence! :-)
It's always the bench-warmers, the JV squad and the "mama I didn't make the walk-on team" that hate on Lebron...
And a group to go to a #ptfc game....?!
You can just sit down, and think about life to this track.
is on!!! It's time to bring out the Biebs baby!
hey can u wish my friend teyera(tiera) from indianapolis,Indiana a happy BIRTHDAY on ustream today her (b-day APRIL 6)
That's a very good question. People decide their own freewill so I wish everyone would choose to do good.
Hey are you guys seeing video or pix of this crazy 80-YO lands plane after hubby dies in Door County?
Thrifty Thurs 3 SMALL PLATE SPECIALS +14 on menu... $2 off all craft cocktails Smitty's in bar
on how your parents are....if you look up to them then you want to be just like your parents but better
So, is there any kind of review process for the Chronicle of Higher Ed blogs?
i'm laughing as I type this---the living art episode..."there is no God!!!"
Hahaha I hate you. You're the second person who has said this.
Lol i wanna see the dictator !
Seahawks don't need a LB though...
I love your handshake meetin my father, I love how you walk with your hands in your pockets <3
if you reply to one of my tweet spams
It was TYRANNOSAURUS WAS A BEAST by Jack Prelutsky and it's still in print!
awww I love you too pumpkin :) <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Just named Wisconsin's College Photographer of the Year for the 2nd year in a row! Big thanks to the panel of judges and
Happy Easter to all Be Safe and God Bless!
's markup is looking a little rough in that confessional, but I still love her anyway.
definitely! And by "time to do this" I take that to mean lead a session on some topic of your vast expertise :-)
New edition just came off the trucks featuring fashion,nightlife, and festivals! Grab your copy today
Considering to watch the Desperate Housewives finale!!
That's a question, right? talks about divergent thinking and its decline.
What the crap happened to ?
On days like today, I wish there were an appropriate male equivalent of a jumper/onesie.
Sneaking an assortment of nips into the hs western maine finals with wait is it 2012 or 2006?
Time to hit the road
oh haha. well ya twitta wasn't active till now so i aint know brehh.
Watching the Rally for T.Martin. Rev. AL got me rolling right now. The way he talks and act is hilarious! Really sad situation though.
Good Morning World!!!! Such a beautiful day... Woke up smiling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Jonah, Whales, might as well cast lots! :)
I say "Fuck You" in the form of love!
Olive oil does wonders. I've also heard about apple cider vinegar being good as well.
Don't let the weather stop you from finding the love of.. the night. Love Bites tonite. Drink & Food Specials. 5-9pm.
PR problem waiting to happen..lol ": The only thing bigger than Kim's ass is Kanye's ego. They must balance each other out."
Actually I had a '75 Impala when I was at UConn. But it felt like a Rolls to me.
Still no new phone
Thank you for the nice tweet. :)
Nope thank you without artists like yourself there is no me
Dude's got style for days. And a cheesehead.
To do the useful thing, to say the courageous thing, to contemplate the beautiful thing: that is enough for one man's life.
Good Morning everyone :)
RT : VIDEO: Happy Paella Mondays everybody! Come to Yerba Buena and enjoy our delicious paellas
Kind of what I was thinking also-
thanks for the mention!
So being that Pocket Wizards triple the price of other transmitter brands, I'm gonna try out the CowboyStudios version. Crossing my fingers!
We have our winners from the 2012 Annual Customer Service Satisfaction Survey. Beth D from 686, Stephen Z. from 533 & Joanna W. from 329
My teacher is always late to class.
Come on Hawks! This is a must-win game.
Gma Kneeland was kinda sour the last few times I beat her at dominoes. Guess I'll let her win tonight. Won't be easy- I'm a lil competitive!
Was suppose to chill tonight but the call never came in so hmu
If Tebow's out there I'd be all over him for a bye week fill in, he'll be solid against Detroit at home
“: There are enough preservatives in a bag of Doritos to mummify a small dog.” I doubt it, but let's try!!
#PGA #Golf has become MUST SEE TV! Rors hears #Tiger Roars & WINS #TheHondaClassic! Golf has a new #1! Congrats #RoryMcIlroy!
Thanks for the intro! RT : meet - be friends!! I <U+2665> u both, and you're neighbors... sorta? xo
Be a Beta user! We’re collecting emails on www.findunifi.com, and will let you know when it's available
No?? What happened with you guys?
don't forget to mention missing milwaukee man, tommy hecht. last seen on water street saturday night.
Gorgeous sunny day here in Chicago - come glide with us on this beautiful spring day!
A word of advice. "Live every week like its shark week!"
Audition Tip: There's no one song that's going to get you a job... Remember, they don't hire the song, they hire the singer!
Follow these tweeters for some diverse insights ; ; ; ;
Graduate college. Dad's birthday. win.
I want to weary glittery uggs it needs to get cold in florida geesh i want be a little lighter lol
#BREAKINGNEWS: FOX 12 Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts says Charlie Hales is the 1st place winner in Portland Mayoral race.
seeing you everyday & feeling so awkward since we dont talk anymore .
If I wanted to study to the sight & smell of you scarfing down popcorn shirmp & chicken fingers...I would of gone to Golden Corral not here.
What are your plans for #SocialMediaWeek?
RT : Thanks for the follow Christine Happy New Year! ~Hope your New Year has gotten off to a great start Janet!
Tonight, I'm going to check out Dan Faehnle and the tribute to Wes Montgomery at the Fairfield Community Arts Center. Stop by!
Presented at the Babson Rocket Pitch event today #babsonrp - met some great people, at a great event
thank god you made it!!! My favorite even before idol. #blujays #idol <3
"Gangbang Interviews" and "Bikini Shots": Silicon Valley’s Brogrammer Problem, by in /via
because they re made in china and only cost 12 or 15 dollars there
Z time. Big run n the AM.
Every morning we will debut a new artist from the islands! All of which will be available on our blog!!!
<3<3<3 see you when I get back!
I don’t even remember though I was probably hella bent
Running a little late, but its a beautiful day so I'm good.
Im determined to see #REDTAILS :)
Correct. RT : So, the injunction that the judge put on the WHP de-funding of PP is now lifted? Shit.
simple, let me love you girl
i wanna dance with somebody who loves me, who i'm saving all my luv 4, who i will always luv, and i'll never have 2 ask, "how will i know?"
I miss you, I just don't know if I should tell you.
Now listening to Hypatia Vourloumis on Athens and sounds of a European Other; musical practice in crisis/emergence/emergency
what is a dispatch show?
Just tried the Doritos taco. Bet I won't drive 900+ miles to get one and I only went maybe a 1/10th of a mile to get one
You cant progress in life without paying dues.
Unfortunate news for Wilson Ramos. Thought this could be his breakout year. Big loss for nationals too.
Back HQ with and #documentary time!
haha yeah i work tens so friday is a day off for me..if only all days where like this. What u up to?
Thanks but what the F is up with sharing MY confidences with others???!!!
lol. Rafa does not choke. At least, he didn't used to. Well, Blue Clay, see ya. We hardly knew you :)
here we come. Ready for day four of #p90x at 5:15am tomorrow.
Hello Austin :)
": Happy Mothers day. And mom, thanks for letting me pop out of your bergina when I was a little munchkin"
Getting used 2 google docs & setting up course materials. I begin teaching at a new university Tue, yet to gain access 2 online resources
that was so rude
What's your favorite #fitness routine?
We're wishing for the cure too!! Good Luck!! :)
Oh good thing it's a short day!
I HATE when that happens!!
oh Good Morning lovebirds ;)
Yesterday I was wearing at tank top and flip flops... Today I am wearing a sweater and scarf!
"ROCKET!" Is that like when dogs see a SQUIRREL!?
It wouldn't exactly be fair if you were smart, awesome AND eminently likeable, now would it?
Check your dm
well, French 75's are not a tuesday night drink.
5th graders seem to agree, art museum tours are boring. Tey speak from experience, they've been on ten tours since Kindergarten.
Tallying up the turds & blossoms.We can tell you already that Fiorina has a strong lead.
hey, shoot us an email with your current address so we can send it! We've been waiting to hear back from you! :)
School went SMOOTH for me lol I thought so tho
I just spent 10 minutes trying to figure out how to tweet you back Seriously...I forgot everything! Tweet meet soon??
Oh. To many words. Now I see.
i have 159 tweets wow
RT RT : "Tis better by far at the rainbows end to find not a pot of gold but the heart of a friend."~Unknown
One org worked with felt "twitter was too much" so would focus on FB. #laskysymp // Really? Facebook seems more overwhelming.
Thanks for the follows everyone :)
Saturday, May 5th: Kentucky Derby, FA Cup Final, NBA Playoffs, NHL Playoffs, Mayweather vs. Cotto, etc. Exciting day to be a sports fan.
soo was there a twitcam today?
The important thing is not what others think of me, but what I think of me.
if only we could go back in time...
#AutoRepair Fix It Yourself: Oil Change
Get your shower beer on Pre Show
heard Board Room is slammed already! coming hard tomorrow night
im always fucking up
I received the books a few weeks ago. They look quite good. Will be reading in the next few days. Thanks again.
New adventures coming to the Social Solar System as the Alliance with gets even stronger.
Wouldn't mind seeing them myself ;-) & u going to my state RT : No way I'm about to be in Texas with virgin skin just to...
You are too funny :)
#OKStateProbs or #OKStateEntertainment? Preacher Bob was the BEST!
welcome to dc!
March 20 & 21 at the Metropolitan room have been Canceled! March 28 & 29 are still happening.
are there minimum traffic requirements for online media registration this year?
Twitter IS a good investment.
Yikes few minutes late for first growthcoach meet
So I can't enroll MY child because I am a step parent !!!
I'm a rapper
I think you meant to say "Journalist? Really?"
Nope. I've never been to Ann arbor before!
i dont want just annyone to hold :O
Don't know if they exist...“: A relationship means giving the best of yourself to someone that truly deserves it”
VCs, deans, profs, entrepreneurs "judging" #lawwithoutwalls projects giving students more tools in 2 days than they get in 3 ys of school
thank u I'm looking forward to those better days
Going to be an interesting show tomorrow...
thanks !!!' not bad for putting that together on one night.
who u talkin bout jess
Jackson: If the state has done this to us, we have to have some recourse
Just want to thank sponsors Bright Settings for their contribution to our Kick-Off celebration! Thx, you made all the difference!
bring it.
I feel like this would only result in a very sore zack
Mfs beefin out here ova dese hoes gonna shoot sum1 & not have bail...HaHa!!! She won't visit or answer prepaid calls nor send u a dollar...
RT if you love your mom <3
Hey #etrade. retire the talking babies already. Not that cool in the first place
Well I had to just look for an old tweet to find you, cause u change u name. Wat a gwarn dardi?
I'm gonna pull a Romney and say let Hulu fail. I've sampled Plus, hate the online interface, and content limited on devices.
This gallery for is sick! It's like we are following Happy Gilmore or something. "just go home! R u too good for your home?"
Looking forward to the Digital Fan Marketing Summit today in Marina del Rey.
say it ain't so, Packers release Nick Collins
Thanks for the mention. Love reading the
There should be some sort of whistle or horn one can blow to round 'em up!
thank you, I appreciate it. :) <3
Just wanted to say that I really enjoy your videos love the colors and editing style, especially like the chris ans busta one
I have #hashtagfever call the doctor.... Tweet tweet..... Tweet tweet.... :-)
Flac Attack all day. Fragile Felix takes 3 weeks to recover from 20 carries.
Filed under the list of things I find extremely annoying: NPS sites using Twitter ONLY to tweet Facebook links. I'm begging, plz just stop!
RIP Jim Marshall, inventor of AMP energy drink. R-T if you love Caffeine!
that's how i felt about my sabbath day. SO good, lots of good stuff... exhausted!
I ain't get at all chump! Y'all couldn't hit me pus
isn't that the one with usher ???
Nothing more rage instilling than customer service. "Please don't xfer me to an automated menu"...Am xfered from a live person to menu
good meeting you yesterday. I was the one helping with wristbands at hotel
make me say it ;)
Excited for our #CHIPlayDate today with & 10:30 - 12:30 join us, reduced play rate.
well hey! :D
New York City is not the rest of the country, show me that chart, it will be bullish.
Looking forward to your visit--thank you for choosing to celebrate here. (We hope to see you on returns on Chicago.) /
Cleaning out closets...YUK....my same problem!
GoodNight Beautiful :p
PickUpLine: If I take off my clothes, will you make love to me?
Eat than headed to gym for more gym time !
Yes sir!!! You will be welcome with open arms! Less than 2 Months and Martin will be my new home !
Is there something we can help you with?
Yeah! Girl Empowerment Program awarded KHF recognition grant! You Go Girls!
Going to
U.S. Open Picks in no particular order: Dustin Johnson, Angel Cabrera, and K.J. Choi
Squidward: 'Spongebob, I actually DO like you!' Spongebob: 'Squidward, I used your clarinet to unclog my toilet!'
RIP My Yagga TOY !
Just finished an amazing workout. I'm in training. lol - Now time to get to business.
DJing at the Ray Ban House 80 Rainey street. Free Beer.
Is anyone left at home? Florida is packed. Vacation?
I want a kiss from all of them ah
Holy shit I've tweeted more today than since I made this freaking thing.
I went to high school in Edmond. I have to say you are really doing Edmond proud. Love you.
I am a Realtor with FirstWeber Group. I also own CL Construction & Flooring. Tell about your next home project. Chris Lukens.
Since the All Star break my squad went from 10th Place to being 4th as of last night. Now that's a comeback
oh, that's a bit unfortunate
"you can even eat the dishes"
Yeah, what's up with that?
Miller would be late to the final.
Travelers fall for double steal. Poor souls.
i love Gabrielle Smith<U+2665>
Hey guys. I'm just sitting here secretly obsessing over Nick Jonas. ;)
Very sad day! Still can't believe the #Bulls season is over!
RT : #YouKnowMyFeelingsAreReal if I get crazy butterflies in my stomach before we hang out..
more language options might help, especially if this is intended for a foreign audience.
i was kidding ya dumbass.
You should tell all your friends to check out The Last Troubadour and don't forget to have them like CGS too.
nice ass
Thanks for the RT Joseph! You're a diehard baseball fan I take it? Given any thoughts on coming out for Legends Week?
Lil EDDIE! What's good man? I see you driving that BMW haha
Looking for family-friendly volunteer opportunities in Thailand. Ideas?
Who wants to teach me how to drive? Lol
I love teens and write about them. In novel, Everest OMG!, 4 teens are climbing Everest, 2 boys, 2 girls. Told by 16 yr old girl.
Going to Texas roadhouse with <3
I wanna go see my friend
I don't wanna go to school tomarrow ! Ughh
I honestly dnt want to go to work! I just wanna sleep!
With scents like chocolate raspberry, agave lime, oatmeal cookie, vanilla latte, and orange spice..how could you NOT wanna eat them?!
« Hate wen ugly girls try to talk to me lol big no no»
How are we supposed to learn if you just give us the answers!!!????!!! ugh knows EXACTLY what I mean!!! WE'RE SCREWED!!
Amazing. RT : The Ice Man cometh!
Stink bug back in maryland :) finally!.
thanks!!! :) now all I need is for a guy to say that to me! :* and life will be good
Yes sure.
"50 Cent Launches Blackjack Facebook Game" #huffpost And for this he got shot 9 times??
Watching it and wtf is up with the big hats?!?!
RT : "It is not length of life, but depth of life." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Did you know that 2 states have enacted legislation mandating electronic w/c claims attachments? 7 are pending & 10 are in discussions
this is so fucking true.
I would always trade a pick for an established proven player
VP of the USA is in town.
HOW CAN PEOPLE BESO SWEET
and you should thank the School system for doing so :p
YUM! Gotta love comfort food - especially healthier versions!
i hope that sometime over the weekend ill be able to post some new vids of me on the piano... been working my butt off to learn new songs!!
What are your marketing plans for the new year? What goals have you set for your business and how are you going to get there?
That workout got me sore
When I hear somebody sigh, "Life is hard," I am always tempted to ask, "Compared to what?"
last year's winner for best new artist is presenting - she looks gorgeous!!!
I wonder how many UL fans thought Pitino would have a Champ by now? I know I did.
Vegetarian and vegan are ancient words for bad hunter and bad fisherman
It's been so long since I've waited for the Division blue line that I don't mind it. Waiting for next train. First too crowded.
"Energy and persistence conquer all things." -- Benjamin Franklin, Inventor
I think I will! But Woodman's baggers are all pretty good.
they think it's because of lebron.. We never sold out last season
the mild, mild midwest. dang.
that's called trifling...
Good morning Alex, have a nice day :}.
Are you part owner yet?
come on bro they both is the best Nba ever had
LOLOLOLOL i was being sarcastic again, im quite sarcasticc.
Christmastime is not merry for carriage horses in NYC!
Wheatley Most people associate command and control leadership with the military
Hey text me your number I got a new phone.
Remind me why seattle's weather is so awful again? Just wow
<------ RONALD S. HUNT II <U+2665> that's the only ex I still have love for.... love u loser <U+263A>
At the lake! #weekend <3
and Wisconsin has another reason why we are the best state... we now have Miss America yeah baby
RU!! when u comin to the A
The pythons and gators aren't even attacking each other anymore. I have to say, I feel a bit cheated.
worst headache <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
hi all of zendaya's fans
#onethingvideo I'm in love
If you don’t invest very much, then defeat doesn’t hurt very much and winning is not very exciting.... DV
Thank you to everyone who came out and supported the tigers this weekend!
It's #CharityTuesday - spread the word about Library Build and help us create functional #library spaces in public schools!
At any given moment, you have the power to say, "this is not how the story ends."
Mind your manners
If Romney's dad was born in Mexico why doesn't he show his birth certificate. How do we know he wasn't born in a Swiss bank.
thank you so much!!
what ??????? WHAT WHAT WHAT WHAT OMG PLZ DONT SAY DAT *TEARS*
Today was okay I guess..ehh whatever
It's cool. I hate everything right now. No worries.
Chinese Telephones are playing Dan Vapid's record release show.
do you ever record these sessions and put them online?
While 4 generations removed from the "old country", I still flaunt my Norwegian ancestry. A lot of Nordic Pride around here!
Let me win this Mega Millions right quick...
Pizza is the world’s most perfect food. Just my opinion.
Yes!!! We are almost there! I am so incredibly excited.
#OnceYouGetMarriedYouCant hang out with single ppl they are bad influence lol
she's graduating!
18 days left until the Farmers Market opens! What are you looking forward to the most?
crazy day at school! one kid ran away and another punched my best friend in the back of the head!( both boys)
if you click the gear on the top right and change it to Compact it'll look a little more like the old gmail.
Hey guys :) -Diamond
Sleeping on the floor all night because and pushed me out of my bed
WTF is the French connection doing on this premier beat?!? SMDH
Gotta be crafty when shopping at Aldi. If a box is less than 50% full, it will be emptied and it will become mine.
Lorenzo Rhodes Jazz Trio on Friday Night, April 6th, 2012. Smmoth Keyboard oriented Jazz in the Underground Lounge......
Very ver lost n space !
Love that movie. Be sure to watch the DVD extras. I want to be friends with all of those kids.
So...Thursday night at midnight huh? What time would DStreet close? What time are you going to line up?
We want you to feel and look your best on Valentine's Day this year, so make a pre-Valentine's Day reservation with us today!
I'm listening to HP AND THE HALF-BLOOD PRINCE right now!
love the post on an artist's anticipation pre-opening night. Your transparency via digital is both honest and endearing
When your mom needs to go to the hospital. #shitgetsreal :"/ <3
someone put stairway to heaven on the juke box at the tavern. Isn't that against the rules too?
Hard to call it. Thompson and Neumann both with a large showing here at
dam Amanda. I coulda swore u were like ....at least twenty!
"The first thing that could happen is for them to say no." Best advice given. I wouldn't know where I'd be without that wisdom.
What am i supposed to do when the best part of me was always you .
Ahh nice find!
Believe that's the first time Adam has swung on 3-0 this season.
Those days when you wake up in the morning and suddenly hate everyone.
God give us godly leaders that times like this demand.
The guys and I had #meatballsubs from yesterday. Absolutely delicious! right over the bridge from
I love those good ass laughs where u lose your voice lmao.
Thanks! We debated that reward for a while. Maybe a tad high in retrospect...
Finally home and going to bed.
I think this world is too small. Wherever I go I see you
Perk of working for a small firm: not being frustrated by corp. overspending. On a different note, I miss my $800 desk chair.
Meetings with potential new talent today, working on auditions, working on closing out the Friday on a good note, Happy Friday Everyone!
So where is the rally? Takes new money to drive up prices, not short covering. Now need reasons to buy and they are missing. Money implodes
i miss u ): i wish i can go to u but i cant drive my car is not working u r only 4 hours away I LOVE YOU (: <3
I just finished a 2.24 mi run with a pace of 14'05"/mi and a time of 31:37 with Nike+ GPS.
I called a local Parisian sports station to try and talk Collin with them. They didn't seem to pleased when I kept asking them about USMNT.
you're the best Betty!
(tweeting promo stuff, that is. personally, i LOVE giving away books! :)
I am so incredibly blessed to live in Nashville and work with the best. I'm very thankful.
I think its subaru thay got that one car called the WRX which is my initials plus 'X.' i must be destined to comandeer that vehicle
love you too!!!
why do u call me that? lol
how about a follow back! Over here in the office cleaning up my twitter!
relax, still navy but separated
I sear we just had 153 followers! Oh my!
you at the airport, why???
She's all growed up!! And beautiful. Of course!
~Sigmund FreudThere are some days when I think I'm going to die from an overdose of satisfaction .
That's why we talked about it, and then she put it on twitter. like dude that was our own little private conversation.
I enjoy muffins
lame, he moves people around everyday and they aren't doing anything wrong. Haha oh well
It's Opening Day! Go Cubs!
Hi Joe, I would love to help, but we don't register .es domains. Let me know if you need anything else? ^Carel.
congrats on ur 2nd position pilot! Come to our CT sanctioned viewing party this Fri @ 6pm so we can celebrate!
#DCBloggersBakeSale at is open to all till 6, and the baked goods look and taste AMAZING.
Haha, I'll post 1 more so you can see some are stupid. lol <U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
I think failed leadership academy.. She didn't pass
That may be more than we needed to know.
Facing cloud or IMhorror in go4#sc2 finals maybe ill get my first tournament win this year? :)
Computers are down and #Dennys here we come. I'm feanin for pancakes!!
Thanks, Jenny! I'm way behind on baking. Love your blog, great pics and recipes!
And then "Check Your Head" we were all like WTF? The straight rap of Pass the Mic, the hardcore tracks, the instrumental jams.
Ahh rain again bo
What in the world? That was nutty.
if you could go anywhere in the world tomorrow, where would you go and why?
Not sure I've seen or heard a more awkward audience than the one in Manchester City. Letting the title slip away on the final day to QPR!?
Need to get someone who can head a cross as well. I have Teal in my club team, but he doesn't fit this game.
RT Morning Tweeps. Off to do some errands. Then perhaps a little exercise thrown in before work. Tweet ya L8r's
Ad Litem => For a lawsuit or action
haha i kno! i live on a rele steep hill so my mom said if we do have school we might not even be able to get off ours st. lol
I'm reading Brooks's _March_ right now (story of Mr. March); I do not want to emulate him: scoundrel!
Must See!: George Clooney on Inside The Actors Studio
God give me some strength so I can finish this day.....
This day is so sad. ):
Better yet, I'll force you to come to TX beer festivals w/ me to "network."
To whom much is given much is expected. God gave us life, so let's live it to its fullest. (aspire 2 inspire b4 u expire) Let's get it :-)
I just left a msg 4 someone in which I sang a made-up theme song for 3 minutes straight... I'm in my thirties...
To be clear, I don't think we should be doing it at all. We should have spent the last 30 years on renewables.
I think I was just improperly influenced by the defense attorney's farts on a restroom break.
I will be taking off at the leisurely hour of 12.45pm. Suckahs. Of course, then I present at 7am the next day.
Very awesome! RT- “: extends a warm heartfelt “thanks” to for their endorsement and great support!”
fish and shrimp...
i had a terrible day. i came to work and found out a co-worker took his own life. you can only push someone so far.....
Gawd, I need Jakkob to give me a new blowout. Maybe I'll stop by the salon after my shopping spree.
oh my God best experience ever in my life :)
1940,s original vintage coke machine for sale! More Deals!
Headed to the bottom of the 9th. Javy Guerra coming out to try and close it out. #Dodgers lead 3-2.
Why do photographers sometimes use the stupidest portraits of themselves?
thank you for all of you 235 Following me. :)
Any suggestions on the next restaurant I should visit for food pictures?
It's Rich Ford's 51st Anniversary and we need YOUR help to create a jingle! Check out the tab on the left - you could win some great prizes!
how do we know it's really them??
Sleep is for pussies? Then I'm a pussy.
Absolutely but these last few years it's appeared that way. I think Heinz had the perfect approach to this final table.
#IRS issues more guidance on health benefit #W2 reporting
Super Mad AT YOU TheGeneral doesnt like you right now :-(
hey I'm in San Fran again. looks like it will still be here for your birthday...
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
A5) No, He's very serious about a player's safety and is very respected for that.
I recommend a Packers koozie. Get one for yourself and a friend so you look like a team when you drink together.
the #marrythenight video is a work of art, i'v watched it 10 times and it never ceases to amaze me, you are a true artiste!! :)
I saw link to it, and also saw that you came to his defense on his post. One big family. We are allo-bloggers. :)
's tweets>>
thanks for the shout out! SBN
Re-read Natasha Trethewey's "Native Guard" this morning. Enthralled yet again.
One way to celebrate is to invite men to these parties and meetings to hear what should be heard? :)
#bizforum Ha! Weren't interwebs invented b/c military had need & then adoption by peeps/ biz to meet comm needs in global world
or she really likes you, then follows you and gets creeped out by that tweet.
these old ass effin drivers in FL need to get off the road!!! they are driving me f**ckin CRAZY!!!
Depends how fast u need to gain mkt share, ad budget...Answer not always clear, lots of factors to consider
RT : The Grizzles should give the Kenyon stalker tickets to game 5.
Rocked Insanity Pure Cardio this morning. What's your workout today?
Did you feel that earthquake?
Hey,Where could I send a few tracks to you?
having so much fun... You have to make it out here sometime.. True paradise and so cheap ($10 filet mignon)
sorry im not there to be dead money in the cabin game. Make sure to hit up that pizza place again as it was pretty legit.
We forget 80% of what we learn everyday
Thesis... Talk to you all on May 17th.
18 left sitting pretty short, need a double.
Troubled by the number of websites that still have my old business address posted a year and a half after our move...
Mom brought me tea <3
Do you know where Jr going in life? If u don't have a plan. You plan 2 fail! Wat is ur plan?
#Kobe wasn't enough to get 2 wins last year... When they got swept.
option was not there? Or was there and didn't work?
i don't know whats best 11:11 or Say Something. its just impossible to choose! they're so flawless!!
Editing my preemption op-ed and I'm fresh out of metaphors and idioms.
Salute to fa da follow.I preciate it!!!
hi vincent!
Made high security key and programmed transponder immobilizer for 2005 Volkswagon Passat last night. What can we do for you?
In Balboa Theatre for San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders State of the City Address.
Ryan Anderson invited to join the #USA Select team
Watching insidious with (:
dude! Just thinking same thing... GO NUGS!!!
OK U BUM
Not sure what God is up to lately with my life, career, etc., but either way, I'm game!! Sure, I make mistakes, but He doesn't, so...
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: You can't drink everybody pretty ;)
at home chillin wit my girl
should open 1 more spot up for MonEY and SMARTS
Best Shooting Guard in the League!
I incorporated them into instruction sessions. Students were excited to learn that there was a new search tool.
State property 2.. early
Exactly a month from now, I'm going to be living the #Vita loca.
I know, one guy, two names. Ironically I'm in branding. RT : you're MoFo? nice.
that awkward moment when you didn't know you were dating someone... oh.
The older I get the more I understand the phrase more money more problems.
the meatballs were good!!
My favorite mythical creature is the honest politician.
i think hsienko will get more play in ultimate, given the emphasis on zoning and her abilities to deal.
I would like to join the chorus of those voices wishing all of you a very Happy New Year! May it bring you your desires for 2012!
With factoring, cash is released as soon as orders are invoiced and is available for capital investment and funding of your next orders.
Are these snow flurries that I see? Say it ain't so!
I love this talk to text shit <U+263A>
bus a 100, bus 201, bus x- 203 ( learning community) where did you volunteer at for that class?
I don't know much about NCAA hoops but Kentucky looks like they are playing a different game.
hey thanks for the follow! you dont even know! "like" us on facebook!
After a long time away from Twitter (doing way too much work) I'm back & looking forwarding to catching up on what I missed over the summer!
Going to bed . Goodnight #bitchespissmeoff (;
My cuzin a gemini and she will ignore the shit out of you if she dnt wanna hear it kmsl
i love you and keep your head up high during this time<3
hi My friend Go to facebook and vote for ur favorite song and definitly we will be working on it :) have an aweosme week
Thanks! didn't vote : (
your such a sweetie :)
Great leaders are great listeners,refraining from assumptions & snap judgments.They also listen for what's NOT being said.
Lets see if we go out tonight?
Go - Ygnacio - Y-G-N-A-C-I-O! RT : DE Dave Tollefson's mom is a #Raiders fan
Is it tough to be a middle class white American? Find out on this Saturday's show. to share your thoughts!
they're just dreams, turn them to reality -
Every event is like a mini-reunion
Do you ever have a kid come in your library?
Nice work! Recruiting for #NoPantsAZ is a noble cause!
ikr hahaha we were to gone mane.... i miss that day
Click that link. You'll see. Sort of a time-wasting tweet jumbler.
Happy #monday! Who is still recovering from #cincodedrinko?
Messy or neat?
Thank you! Enjoy your weekend as well!
Thank you for #Following!
thank you my good friend for the link to m demo. We are still waiting to hear your handsome voice in an animation. ;={>
ha! that's a fun little site. It recommended Cryptonomicon to me.
Ultimately, would I love an issues-oriented campaign? Of course. But this is a Mutually Assured Destruction scenario, sadly
funny that he says baseball will always be there. Must not realize if he wants to actually succeed he needs to put in time/work
is my girl! If course I'm gonna back her up. Plus instagram is the best.
which means you end of following mostly men.
Delta flight 2295 from Salt Lake City reported possible hydraulic problems San Diego Fire standing by
aint nobody goin to love you better,
I.e. rich folk. Lol
All things change, nothing perishes.
That cut scene at the end of Act II was pretty badass.
get a .38... .40 kicks like a bitch when fired and .38 ammo was considerably cheaper if I remember correctly
I guess I need to switch to my summer wardrobe????
at this point can only confirm Booker, but the talent appearances continue to be released!
Woke up this morning to learn that someone cut the hot water line in my apt. Quite generous of them. At least low heating bills?
#museweb Thx for posting, Amber. I followed this project for quite awhile and participated in some discussions last year...foodie fun
I love that it works with the app, that makes EVERYone a kindle user. My iphone was a kindle today :)
well. my kid is being bullied by faculty and other students into attending tonight. she's hanging home with me, though.
cool! Let's do it! I'm happy to guest post.
thanks to for the shoutout!
Congratulations! You've unlocked a secret area!
Miss you guys. Must make my way down there soon!
Braun playing today?
You were drag racing?... In a Prius?
LmfaooooooooooooooooRT : I remb wen my bm told me I was a piss of shit! I saw the order day she was looking like a piss of shit
u on the train right now?
only you!
I think all classes should be outside today! Did you hear that #Northeastern professors?!
I thought I was the only one
#PackerLove always !!! Have a wonderful day G- Ma Angel
Lot's of free chairs. Come on by.
who's your fav NFL team? Who do u c having a break out 2012 rookie season?
did all 3 putts go in?
because he is a Phillie. They can't help themselves
Sometimes I wish I had a big sister because it's kind of hard to talk to your 11 year old sister whos only drama is who stole her pencils
I know it's not a creature flick, but look what the original PARANORMAL ACTIVITY did on a next-to-nothing budget!!
wanna watch a show about rich people that have power issues and no real problems but make them bigger then life then watch
Fuck this. I'm not sitting in my apartment alone all night so I can just think about stuff. I can't do that...
This pirate patch/compress over my eye is messing with my depth perception and my swype abilities
Drunk people run stop signs, high people wait for them to turn green
hey wow a tweet from how the hell are you?
Man, Fox47 news HD on charter looks like crap. Hey wait, why am I watching Fox news!!!!!!
Just met the amazing !
1+1=2 and that's a great number! There's 2 days till our 5k/10k!!! Are YOU signed up yet!?!? We wanna see your smiles there!...
Sunny but Cold here in Pdx - think I 'll wait on pruning roses in garden, any thoughts from master gardeners out there?
I'll bet she's beautiful, that girl he talks about, and she's got everything that I have to live without. </3
You lie once and I'm gonna assume you're always lying lol
Girl isn't he haha maybe we need to kidnap him alone with one direction!
agree with everything, except only choosing to shave..they should say 'only wax from Shobha'.
Ryan Braun you are a monster
Look for breeders via AKC. Pls don't buy from advertisers or in store-breeders that advertise are not reputable. Good luck!
'Tis the season -- What shoes did YOU ask for from Santa this year?
thanks matt ur real funny pointing out my spelling mistakes
Not In a good mood...
We think it storms in avon? holy crap
Now I'm at ACPL playing in deed records.
I taught it was on the radio hosts playing a joke lol
Does your wig company give you a gaurantee?.....FOR TWO YEARS?!!! Well, we do! www.drwiggys.com, we supply and manufacture!
thank you for the shoutout YOU ARE FAB!!
Free speech in work!! Was threatened to cut of this twitter handler
Going to drive around and runs some errands, tweet me something worthwhile!:)
You just made me realize that any children I have will think I'm insane. Or they will think I'm the best thing ever -
100 degree truck trying to nap before 12:30 central time show. There is no breeze in Birmingham folks
its all beginin'...again
hahaha oh fun!(:
Thanks RT : If you're in music biz or want to be, Confessions of a Record Producer, Avalon, is a good read.
Puh-LEASE Follow me?!? Then my life will be wonderful(:
Breaking Batman? Bryan Cranston's visit to Gotham City
What is the proper punishment for my son who keeps breaking our rules?
Putting on so many layers so I can Vespa over to with a pie.
Most certainly; at least mildly healthier than Everclear
Just watched it w the roomies. Ain't going to lie, it was a bit scary. RT : Going to watch Devil....wish me luck.
Happy mommas day u da best !!
WE Dropping the DNA album on Halloween or when we reach 2,000 followers whichever comes first!
Going home:) sleepy time:)!
I love you! :) we need to talk more often!!
Don’t forget Ghee Brand. /cc
its on ABC Family right now
Hey ur awesome.!!! Just wanted to let u know. Haha :)
Aww, that's cute (:
It's Sunday! The perfect day for new home shopping! What are you doing today?
Men are animals. Period. They literally make me sick to my stomach. Ugh. Sometimes I question my sanity- I gotta learn to live w/o them.
Tip of the day: if youre having trouble spelling beautiful then alls you got to do is watch Bruce Almighty.
be careful guys!
How was your session?
Huge momentum day for us! Up over $35k now!
there's a reason I follow sports center lol
Working very hard to convert boredom into positive action.
I think she's adorable on it. Blonde truly fetes her (: RT What do you think of Demi's GYHAB music video? <U+2665>
Just finished a session playing 30/60 mixed
Last hour before spring break !
Seven minutes 'til I'm 26!
Same here. :)
I could definitely go for some Chipotle
Every man is his own ancestor, and every man his own heir. He devises his own future, and he inherits his own past. - H.F. Hedge
uh oh. Kiki is gonna be so jealous.
Ken in Alabama: "Junior Seau and Dave Duerson killed themselves b/c they had guilty consciousnesses about doing immoral things to women."
has no idea what he's talking about. Probably plays in public leagues and thinks he's good. Lol!!
I txt saying I was sorry cause I do get mad quick
Yay you!!! RT : Finally getting a raise! Today's a good day :)
Please give a shout out to in an upcoming vlog. Their music is saving lives!
ahh!!! I say next week! Wanna date? :)
Lakers/Okc is all I see down my TL
Hurry up and get here so we can have a badass show lol
wondering how to get my Twitter link onto my blog. Anyone know how to do this?
so true
This is not good anthony davis hurt, also perry jones.
#LiveUnited. Event this coming Saturday, December 3rd. Follow up information soon!
Is there an award nominated actor you love? Maybe watch 3 of his movies to figure out why he's so great.
Tonight is the halfway point in the season! A win would put us in a good spot for a chance of the Playoffs! GO POWER!
i'm done
Google the Phrase zerg rush
Thanks for the shout out! We will be sure to add you to our #FF list :)
Man is born free and everywhere he is in chains.
THNKS for the RT Mark. So happy to have you as a reader. Respect!!
What are the details? Follow me back to DM. Thx.
Its just in us men to size each other up.
$4 landscaping plant sale by SWC's South Bay Botanic Garden 9am-noon today in front of Student Services Bldg.
“For the record, God hears, sees, and yes, understands your situation more fully than you do.”
Oh god I'm such a bitch today
It's "habilidad"
If you want to listen to "The Victor" by Keith Green, check it out on MySpace.
Ok. So, 4/20 was the first time Jesus tried marijuana right? Argh, I'm so confused. So what is Good Friday?
“: I miss ” wild Thursday's misses you!!!!!
Meeting with Power of the Purse Auction Co-Chairs in an hour at Davis Kidd - love Laurelwood!
Beautiful day out...time to shoot some guns at ROTC building
And our shenanigans is getting all of pod 187 written up! Oh & heads up some1 is planning to counterprank you... w/ lipstick
I get why communities get sick of having the same conversation over and over, but we should recognize insularity for what it is
I'd just assume he just forgot. *shrug*
Everything in the world is a great big mix-up we should just do what we want to do. It won't make any difference.
Happy New Year! Here's to a great year! Slainte!
Just a reminder: The museum will be closed this Thursday and Friday. Have a happy Thanksgiving!
Just with the extra money in sports betting. Rite now I can travel to la from houston and live their for like 2 to 3 weeks!!!!!!!!
so there was a guy at the house. And I found out too late. Smh.
: Make sure yall go down 2 the Experience at St. Andrews. Support Detroit's music scene & my people &
Homework? On SPRING BREAK? Oh well! I'll leave it till the last minute! There for I will be older and much wiser! :)
What a great night I saw my fav team win late off maybe the best closer in baseball got hated on by giants fan in a classy way and got a
Ladies take notes.....if your ass hangs out of it, it is in fact to FUCKING small!!
Sweet new setup! Looks very professional. Looking forward to seeing some more liquor reviews.
RT I really can't stand the "ethnicity" question on surveys. Anyone else feel the same? [Yes.]
Yeah It is!Omg first time iv'e ever heard about someone from Chicago that likes Iconic Boyz! How old r u?
Another no-surprise is Pagano becoming new DC
In a meeting with someone who just grabbed a newspaper and headed for the bathroom, announcing "This is going to take a while."
Steady research day, no big problems so far. I am at #usnatarchives a1 facility today.
Woo hoo!! Thanks Crosby! Made my Monday morn! I'll DM you now. :-)
is there any way to view this series in the U.S.? I REALLY want to see it
extra slow motion... im gone
You don't have to hold a position in order to be a leader ~ Anthony J. D'Angelo |
We will have to see how it turns out but the prospect is exciting.
In addition to flowers we also have a wedding accessory superstore! We have everything u need for your big day!
cool! I'll stay n touch! Hope you're doing great man
'But I'm a let her do her and when he breaks her again, I'll just pick up the pieces & put her back together again. Humpty Dumpty style.'
thanks for the mention!
On 2/25 we are looking for charities for Abq Comic Con!! Dress up & win prizes! Tix/info call 315-8813, @ 6132 4th street!
i wish it was Friday. #Grimm #thankGrimmitsFriday :D best day ever!!!!
You know, if people focused more on their own fricking lives there would be a lot less strife! PS 2 months and change!!!
Don't waste your time thinking "if only I was prettier, skinnier, etc. He would've stayed with me" honey, you're beautiful & if he's too
Many thanks for RTing my book review!
ChEf!!!!! Thx for another great meal! Creamed Mushrooms with potato chips, ask for them!
On the surface I'm electric. Deep down I'm acoustic. You?
AWESOME Full Retreat! Great to get away and get real with brothers. Also, a big congratulations to our new officer corps!!
oh yes true
Woke up with the only headache!
YEP and what a ride it was!!!! Thanks for lunch Kemy Joseph!!
how much do you love Danielle?
Heading to the Economic Club of Washington to hear speak.
Blueberry Lemondrop. New favorite drink :)
Could eveyone look in their Starbucks for the metal cup with metal straw for me please.
I will not live-tweet my own session. I will not live-tweet my own session.
I just find it hard to believe is all. Am I wrong?
help me get more followers !
Use our profile QR code to access our POI Training website for more information about this professional course being held all over the US.
Wing night at cleats #bitchin'
1 more week till my birthday!!
First it was Future now its 2 Chainz
As I said from week 1: Casey B will without doubt be winner of the Bachelor.
Gotta wonder about this. (Yes, I'm myself today ;)
lol no kidding!
Are you and your pets missing that extra hour?
#IThankGod for everything I have had to endure in the past bc it has made me the strong vibrant independent woman that I am today!
arent you supposed to be making #urbanite trend or some shit?
#americanidoltour2011 AMAZING SHOW!!! SEATTLE LOVES YOU ALL :)
Yeah! “: RT : "#Paidsickdays will be an asset to our city..." Jean Godden () ”
I watch this certain movie when I get depressed. For days its on replay.
love that the manimal is trending.
I suspect you would just block grandma before going so far as to leave Twitter.
Living downtown = 3 crack deals outside of your apartment before 10am
Me too! I want to make sure I'm mindful every day but I'm not always successful.
Simple. Write down everything you can think of.
its not my fault i speak the truth.
10 hours and counting till #coldwar (:
i'm not
"Men-How bout you lead her with GRACE, instead of trying to control her?"
“: We have Kefir starter grains and instruction sheets for u today.” ...so your kids can get HUS.
Make sure you add to your
Thank you for the great post! Loved the last part about Oscar.
I'm not white trash?
The most amazing #nerdcore artists
Is your campus hooked on Fox TV's Glee? What's the appeal? #USATODAY wants to know. Email
did you get nominated?! :)
is technically awake. But...
I am speechless.. I saw your workout dedicated to and figured you were doing only bi's and forearms..
Happy St. Patricks Day! Come see Our House by Theresa Rebeck, and then paint the town green!
cross your thighs to close your vulva
Need to drink about a gallon of water.
Hehe.RT Give a man a fish&he'll eat for a day. Give a man a lightsaber&he'll probably cut his own legs off.But hey, lightsaber!
I am pretty sure I know how he would have reacted.
This reminds me of and his philosophy on the intersection between creativity and business.
Having a curvy body is the best <U+270C>
+1! RT : Would like to see shorter lectures and more opportunity for questions/discussion at
rolling enrollment, students work at own pace, 1-to-1 and 1-to-small group interaction between/among students & instructors.
Our illustrator is now working on new logo! Pop&Cute!
bout to watch my bulls , idk i just dont have a good feeling about my team no mo
three's company
u seem like a realy cool mahomie
Models For Marc jacobs
Lol liking the video in commenting for no reason just to get brownie points!
Yeahh he looks like a cool dude! Would love to see his power soon. Blast some hrs lol.
Policing in schools reviewed by ACLU
Yayy! if you guys make it, I'll see you guys at CADA! :-) RT : & I are trying to joing ASB so we can be like...
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "This game is soo much fun,addicting as well!" by Kathie
Went to wedding last night. Daughters left their cars in the church lot and both have been impounded! LMAO!
If you think you should be doing better... Then do better!
I wasn't even invovled until you got me in this picture! Ugh #smh next time you all "try" to retaliate
“Violets are red Roses are blue, I’m confused and so am I.”
Glad I stayed for some Mariano action. Yeah boy!
I think I'll write a scraper for it tonight
Just looked up #DCweek. Never heard of it, but sounds awesome! Definitely going next year
but anyway that was funny so how you doing sis
I believe in you.
just chilling out tonight :) then exam review tomorrow lol
Everytime my computer does somthing so slowly it makes me want to smash my head into the keyboard, I remember to save.
#UCONN upsets Michigan State in College Basketball #NCAAB. This Kemba Walker kid is a star in the making.
What happened
knows what's up. party cologne = jack daniels coming up....
how r u lil one?
was he at least a cutie?! #professorcrush? #proflove ?#futurehusband?
What a fun night! Thx RT : Good times at tonight! Thanks to everyone that came out :)
Sushi Wabi is always delicious!
RT : Congratulations for winning dinner for 2 at Thanks for following & retweeting
YOU LIVE U DIE U SMOKE YOU BUY SO MAKE SOME BREAD AND MULTIPLY 5 TO 10,000 A MONTH NO OUT OF POCKET EXPENSE
-- BTW, I'm a woman!! LOL. And a Mommy of a 16-mo. old angel!
heehee. I know how that thrills you
good show & loved the bunny suit (:
Coaches if you love hoops and talking about Xs and Os then you must follow coach_jim_boone
he literally lost AK<AQ for like 15bbs each with like 17 left and was crumbled after that
your a very cool guy but you already knew that lol keep up the good work and merry xmas
Congrats to Matt McGeary from PCS, our winner of an iPad from this morning's session at #IBMTechWorld!
my workplace puts the NO in "snow day" :(
#imagine Louis: I wanna thank you.. You: For what? Louis: for being there for me. you: Im always going to be there for you.
Anxiety weighs down the human heart, but a good word cheers it up.
FILL IN THE BLANK: The best holiday song EVER is ___________.
I like it, it can be stressful but rewarding. :)
I just got told I'm slacking cause I don't give head....-____- lmao
is this fool booked again? he needs an intervention
Thanks to for awesome customer service
you're bf is a faggot or at least he looks like one.
I hate this kangaroo bitch on Horton hears a who
The Blue Jays and Marlins are interested in Ryan Madson
oh hi.
it's a little girl!
when someone favorites your tweets and you get that amazing feeling !
Im making brownies, what has come to me
Ugh sick... And being forced to go to school
tell him I luv him and he is my favorite child
Successful walk with Abigail and our puppies (:
Nice to see that FINALLY and have taken the plunge into shallow end of the
I love when he puts hearts in his messages :3 #ThingsThatMakeMeSmile <3
Need. To go. Tan.
": “: My dad and uncles are the mob. I'm convinced.” does their cars have huge trunks?" Wanna find out?
Zoe Vega likes to bake cookies on Jake Gyllenhaal's abs.
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Dylan, may I see your completed homework?
Ain't no rest for the wicked
Call it what it is: election fraud, vote supression, criminal activity; not scandal, irregularity, dirty trick
I was actually dancing thru the whole house in my socks on the wood floors n happen to slide in the kitchen lol
Puppies are my favorite animal.
If you could improve any aspect of your business within the next 30 days, what would that be?
Gonna keep my head up high , but leave my middle finger even higher .
aye these the same the lakers yall said was gon win right?
Im telling ya, bush signing will push forte outta town, maybe not this yr, but i think thats possible.
Been in the studio all day/night bout to eat this good ass waffle hse then go to bed
Sometimes I smile, sometime I cry, but most times its the reasons why that make it bad
Little mermaid the best disney movie eva
yes, we'd love to have her, especially since we want to have it at a Decatur school during the Book Fest. Hope ur gd in DC!
I'm not laughing.
thanks! And I get to play in districts next week, so I'm gunna letter this year!!!
Oh you smoke pot? I wish I could be as cool as you one day.
I'll be following everyone who follows .
Recipe for a perfect fall day: + + with
lol anything I'm not picky haa
I'm excited. Way excited. :))) guess what!!
I do not think it at all sporting to go to games in a critical frame of mind, just to find fault, just to criticize. [1944]
Yankees game = postponed... meh. Have I mentioned that I hate it when winter weather sneaks up on me in spring?!??
On my health kick again, let's see how long this one lasts
good mornign everyone!^^ what are you doing today??
Everyone should go follow she's freakin legit! :D
where's waldo?!
I'm happy it's friday buddy! You'll have to let me know about the phone. I think I'm gonna get it anyways.
- No problem! =) I was at the game last night, rough one. AJ pitched well though.
where could I met you up at Right now
when did you text me because I been textin nell all day?
got through to the courthouse to ask my question (don't worry, not about my bail) now more important things. like reordering netflix queue.
It's rare for a king to give up their throne to be one of the ppl. This guy did! #FF Thanks man
!!!!!!!!!! “ Only Loyal Women deserve to be treated like QUEENS!!!”
Oh, you are lucky! It's amazing how many different points of view she can write about, and so well. Really amazing.
I want to do too many things.
no!! Not Walter! <U+E403>
Happy Birthday! Enjoy the warm weather and green beer!
Hopefully it wasn't strip/mountaintop removal equipment. Those guys are destroying our state.
The question is not what can I afford, but what do you want me to give?
good times, but that water looks funky
I need a bracelet. And a new watch
You can take the boy out of Baltimore, but you can't take Baltimore out of the boy :-) GO RAVENS!
Rare night to get both the #Cubs and #Rays on TV here...probably should sign up for MLB.tv at some point.
embrace it. "Dude braugh, did you catch the game last night"
Doing some business in Santa Fe today, hope the snow treats us well
depending on the brand and amount, you can get it for about $20 USD.
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. --Abraham Lincoln
how you doing boo?
I could be peacefully eating but someone decided to mess with my friend. I have an incredible way of using my words to harm people. Back off
I'm pretty sure your not they don't want old men running... You might have a heart attack... They have no reason to risk that
omg how pathetic, you a grow ass mann ! have some freaking pride, gesh.
We're coming to a city near you. Very, very soon.
Cool sight seeing all the surfers run w their boards to hit the waves after work - beautiful day in LA today.
me too but they can never find anything sweet to do for us :(
hey if you like good times and drinking beer and probably grilling and murdering upstairs neighbors why not give me a call
Only Joseph's! xD
National prognosticators can't stand that #kubball won. Love it. Let 'Em have it tomorrow and
The only way to figure out who really cares is to see who cries when you die.
Only a liar, idiot & coward would deny being a racist if they cannot see Zimmerman called police bcuz Martin was black.
how u doing on this nice night
where you going ?
Vegas. I should just stay here.
no you don't, that's nothing but trouble and bad memories
Check our Facebook for new sperantsa beanie styles as well as gloves and scarves!!
I shall be there!! RT : Good morning #Brewers fans! See you at Miller Park tonight!
Hey! Need some info from you!
Belated thanks for the #FF love!
These hoes will make ya dang a lang sting like a match. You'd rather be safe than sorry, keep ya shit in ya draws !
if you really believe in something, no one's opinion can change your mind.
RT DE Mario Williams has arrived at One #Bills Drive to begin his official visit.
Go ahead Fielder, sign with the Nats. After last night, Im dead inside.
haven't seen this team look so uncomfortable. Props to
Call me an it freezes tho only the droid .paygos
Thanks Barb, glad you enjoyed it and found it valuable. It was a lot of fun, Jeffrey is a riot!
And boom, one more minute!
True. i love that MSM info! But what is a TV?
Realizing that people who have time to do the stuff on #pinterest are crazzzyy and don't have jobs
Board may examine Bales' mental state
Thursdays from 7-9; I can come out and play there next Thursday for a bit!
By Popular Request, GLASS IS HERE! PIPES, BONGS, BUBBLERS, PAPERS... DJ WIcked West tearin' it up on www.DI.fm breaks channel BOOM! Enjoy :)
Worst feeling: when you get on the train and its not raining, but when you climb out of the tunnel, it is.
Also, Lusteninq to Niqqas In Paris By Kanye West and Jay-Z This sh*t Great xD
Feature request: ability to auto-deduct from payroll systems into Kiva account to fund projects.
#rusaprog on social media in libraries from surprised at how many people aren't sold on twitter etc
Screw anatomy. I don't even care anymore.
Do not buy a car from if you want a hassle-free, problem-free experience. Or car mats.
Didn't we ALL!!?
Congrats on that interview!
Man VS. Food.... I'm allowed to have more then one life dream right?
It looks worse than it is. Just a new fangled way to get medicine directly into the tissue.
for the most generic politician speak in the history of ever, you must follow
If there was Jeopardy in OKC, it would be called Trivia Night at Whiskey Chicks...just without the boatloads of prize money..See you at 730!
Next year's after party will be in Detroit :-)
Most innovators live in their won Reality Distortion Field. I think it's almost req'd. :)
oh yeah.. plus it was a brew crew win
#dontactlikeyounever laughed so hard u ended up slobbering then tried to whipe it real fast . . . smfh
O.o She started it.
dangg !! I hate weather >.<
"Excited but nervous" is what I've heard, which seems like the right response to me.
A Nole, hm. Won't hold it against you! And great startup opportunities in
me; dear God why did u make me so weird? God; eh i was playing a joke on ur parents...i'm uh you know.. sorry bout that.
<U+2640>Never blame the days of your life. Good days give you happiness, Bad days give you experience, & Worst days give you a lesson<U+2640> #Live&Learn
I love you Justin!
My #fridayreads is a reread of Shira Nayman's wonderful new novel, A MIND OF WINTER. Brilliant look at identity and relationships.
HEY EVERYBODY!!! LISTEN UP!!! IS SENDING SOME FAN MAIL TO THE IF YOU WANNA SEND A MESSAGE LET HER KNOW!:)
thank you for #ff!
": Ladies... Yall prefer men w facial hair?" Yes, clean cut and looking suave. I'm a sucker for a goatee..
“: You are too much.
Haven't seen 2 teams play no defense like this since NBA all star game but hey
Good Morning!! Another COLD day! Looking forward to Summer. Busy day, I hope everyone has a wonderful day
Thanks, man. I should probably save that brotherhood of man shit for a congressional run, but I'm glad you dug it.
Steamroller not coming. Co changed name to Hollywood Media Bridge
Random thought, John Berryman would have been the ultimate Twitterer...wag!
Why is the person that makes my heart break, the same one that makes it beat faster?
Huntsman is the one candidate (except crazy R Paul) who is not pandering
On our way home.
I agree with the need to #FreeAlecBurks. Burks played solid defense on Paul when he was out there. Tough 4th Q.
I will never have enough walls to fit all of the art posters I want
. You will be greatly missed.
Well it's Thursday, it's kind of #mayday and #cincodemayo. Who's thirsty?
Or not particularly weird in that mixes of uses common back in the day...e.g., the mid-block store, meeting hall, etc.
who will be the first to spill their champagne while balancing on their forehead? ? ? ?
yeah he's going to wake forest.
Watching Beauty and the Beast....
|~-.-+ SATURDAY....CLUB MATRIX...SATURDAY...MATRIX...PARTY..SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
"I review movies sometimes. Just go w/ it." Haha. I love it. No sense wasting time explaining, if it's just gonna happen anyway.
oh ya true
I love you!
My guy young Khail!! Get well son!!
Do You Remember The First Time when Mortal Kombat came out it was on every news channel CNN was saying it would turn your kid into a killer
260 Deals have been purchased for our 2nd season of Holiday Lights Tours through the Naples Canal!! So exciting!
Hypeed the Rangers wonn we takin this next series
Hubby and I want to City Lights Theater last night and saw Hamlet. It was very good! I love that place!
Somebody call my momma! RT : Funkasaurus
come to my school!!!!!
Thank you! I'll have to check out your stuff as well! If you're ever over this way, let's meet up and talk!
Good morning!
the 636-7911 was not it no answer.
I thought you were at the mariners game
AH! you got it?! yayyyy!
Never played with ppl that called more fouls then today... -___- rly doe
preach it sister. 2012 - The Year of the Bone.
good thinking-all content can be used in working memory activities-maybe during warmup time? Great practice for everyone!
Yes, #Tom, yes, please let us hear another duet for #Karen &
Last day of FLA. it's been a blast.
that's what makes the class great, we set him up to make fun of us
Are we going to have Twitter beef now too???
So much for a great weekend. The best weekend in ages can turn to shit in no time flat. I guess I should feel good life is back in order.
Being present is not forgetting, is just being present!
well if u miss me that much ill come back to u lmao jk
: okie dokie. =) omg wouldnt it be legit if we went to knotts & 6flags for a weekend. :P
Absolutely! If you ever get to Austin again let me know!
On the phone with him :) 28<3
Hmm...me thinks Wulff's firing is trending so much is b/c over half of the Seattle media went to #WSU,
you should freeze them.
#Foxtrot automates data entry in FACETS, Amisys, MEDITECH, STAR, and CACTUS. Automate claims data, payment data, provider data....and fast!
Smilers Breathe Music.
It went by quickly, though. Great job, Music Box staff. Seated and waiting now
Day 18 of #missingmilwaukee countdown is dedicated 2 beer (an obvious one) & particularly my current penchant sour beer! I mean #whoknew ?!
why cant they agree i miss the nba.
My favorite line: "It'll work the same in all browsers, but I'll use IE so I can use all the features."
EVERYBODY WAKE UP!!!
No T-Sizzle this season?!
. is the fan club
can we skype today please? I want to hear all about your spring break adventures!
Reason #101 we should re-sign Greinke: Emily Greinke.
Cha-ching! Auto dealership profits soar - Tire Business
Same here. I did pretty well on the practice SATs but I'm nervous that I might have just gotten lucky. Good luck to you too!
just weekends!
Sorry about earlier . I was asleep and was going to set a screen.
"Dont make excuses- make Good."
The truth hurts. The MA moderate doesn't want us to know that he is a MA moderate.
Got a real bad feeling bout today . .
The game of love is never called off on account of darkness.
Havin to get a ghetto for a moment. Excuse my language and grammar temporarily. #LMFAO!
i know right! and THANKYOU!<3
Your welcome Jess :-) I'll stop by tomorrow and see how you're doing. Xoxo
My Ana, my Ana, don't lie to me. Tell me who did you assist last night.
Imagine if instagram updated as fast as twitter it'd be like endless photos.
LOVE that hotel!
This game was straight up embarrassing. Wade, needs to man the fuck up and the team needs to get they're shit together.
You're not right for that. But you're absolutely correct.
Why is Happy Days about archival theory? B/c everyone on the show respects the Fonz.
Have a bunch of Kale I intend to turn into chips tonight thanks to your original link. Danke!
$1550 Studio at 106th and Amsterdam right by Columbia in the upper west side!
Embarrassing. We're completely dominating this game.
looking forward to it, need a break
Hope you enjoy your evening.
hey baby finally found ya!!
Just saw Ken's tweet about the book. Sounds fascinating.
Well.....at least it's not raining.
My allergies are much better today than yesterday, thank goodness :)
Why cant parent understand teenagers!!!!!!!!!!!
i don't buy your act at all, i know who you really are.
#youarethereason God invented earplugs
#gospursgo escape with win in OT- Grizzlies are playing better both offensively and defensively; but SA found a way to win. Back to TN.
Holy shit, this Celtics/76ers game is nuts.. gotta love
I'm just gonna check my flow ...
I'm saying all this shit because I've never had to kill anything in order to eat.
Can someone make my day because my not GRAND grandma isnt irritating the living crap out of me !!!! Ugh, I really wish to just kick her out.
And just like that the Detriot Red Wings have officially been eliminated from the playoffs...
Can't turn the ball over and expect to win.
Hey what about the 18 yrs old lol i love the show more than the 6-11 yrs old
i will keep u all in my prayers!
he leaves the brewers because they couldn't get over the hump. I just don't see him wanting to help build a team. He wants built
can you please say hi to me? I love you<3
When did "Psych" become "Sike"? Am I missing something?
Don't fuck me, fuck dem white boys dat beat y'all den
I requested a password reset but have never received the reset email. Tried this 2x.
What could be better than drunken hot girls! Am I wrong?
Definition of a Magnet - Something you find crawling all over a dead cat.
1 essay question down 5 to go
thank you for following.
It actually feels better this way!...Single
The hotel I'm staying at blocks Facebook "to protect the hotel network from getting viruses and stuff like that." What?
So my niece said I'm gonna play a throwback and she plays Keri hilson pretty girl rock
maybe there is
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL!!!!!!! We are strong women! Keep up the great work <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
it would b awesome if it had qualified staff 4 the kids, support n family therapy for the parents plus lots of fun n relax time
hahaha it does! Do you live there?
Aayy save one!
your follow button doest pop up?
That fuckin Sinatra! RT : they buried him with my money
What would u say if I hired a man that came in dressed like a garbage man; Um he must of had on some really nice pants!!!
Eyes, ears, horns, and an iPad loaded up with Christian rock.
not wanting to go to school tomorrow, wishing it was christmas break already!
Scott Walker new campaign slogan. "Wisconsin last in jobs. See I promised we'd be brown bagging it"
yo styles i look up to u crazy u prob not gunna see this tweet but as a rapper ur my biggest influence DBLOCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I don't like the word 'butthole'.
Loving , a Twitter feed specializing in Haruki Murakami quotes about spaghetti. It had to be done.
Billionaires are republican, the uneducated are republican, so the billionaire's pay politicians to keep the poor uneducated...
We love go listen to their new single at www.wearedollface.com
We should!
Exactly!! :P and then after you do pick one, for some reason you always think that you made the wrong choice! xD
Will deny everything about this trending topic
I missed Monte?! RT : Thanks to Monte Ball from Badger Football, , & everyone else for your canned food donations! ...
you and me both:)
Do you commute to Logan?
if you see this can you please follow me! I am a big fan and I love all you video's!:D
The very nice gentleman at the USA Bank reprogrammed my credit card machine!!! I am finally back up and running from the move :D
could u be my 300 followers plz thanks dude:D
: “There was never a better time to be alone.”
We are downtown all day for Summer Poolooza filming our Out and About segment
Chi-town!
Admitted Students Day 2012 registration and breakfast about to begin
lol I feel u cutie
Staff outing last night at the Chopping Block in Merch Mart! Such a blast! Go team What the Fork!
Back on the job hunt tomorrow, had a couple of good leads today, fingers crossed il have a new job soon. Need one, got bills n rent to pay!
He still alive
Good Morning! I'm starving!
Excuse me, sir...I mean Your Vaseness :-)
“: But I'd rather be a pedophile rapist than a Pau Gasol.” lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Meeting w uncle sam
tell your mom the same from me!
I'm a clossy bitch LOL.
thanks for the retweet Tim. Hope the snow doesn't break your stride. Have a great weekend.
Night's are the worst, you can hear everything that you are thinking about
lol typing and driving do that to you
Arizona surgeons carry out rare mom-to-child liver transplant
Why I'm not a fan of pro sports: “: NY gives more $ to the Buffalo Bills to stay in NY than to the Buffalo libraries."
You know it's gonna be a good day when car daddy comes on while you're getting ready.
Why does Axl Rose have to make things so complicated? ???
I'm so inderisive; I don't know whether to mock you or praise you.
oh im ready!!
I am also obsessed. I have glasses and the blue mirror shades already but I have 5 more trial glasses coming on Monday. Oops.
thanks for the reply. I'll do that
that's more of a "show one sign of weakness and I pounce" kind of look to me
I heard there should be a JLA movie in 2013!
Best iPad apps for a new owner who is a working musican? Already have ForScore and AirTurn. All suggestions welcome.
Everything changes when all the lights in the room are as low as you.
what a great feeling, coach! Good for you!!
Retrain Tip: Keep a food diary like a checkbook with a beginning balance of calories each morning. Challenge: don't be overdrawn at days end
Congrats to on sparking OKC early and a victorious return to Staples Center.
credit card number stolen. it's good to be back in a city.
Just heard the creepiest sound outside my house.. Wtf is out there?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Happy Mother's Day!
me & are making a #solisten video(:
When you're ready to test drive, let us know! We have a few in stock.
I thought in Spring there was no better place than AbstractFactoryProxyBeanFactory?
see if those Converse are an 11-1/2 please...
GOAL! !!!! long live the frenchman!!!!! he still cannot disrespect ze cat.
Facebook buys Instagram for 1 billion... Dominance 101, buy them up before they really hurt you.
End the Fed before it ends us.
I would love to, but I am hosting a film screening at The Trocadero that night as well. Will you have screeners available?
purple or pink? #decisions. #helpme!!!
I GOT THOSE BEATS FAM
Happy Mother's Day to all y'all Mommy tweeters :-D hope you are getting pampered !!
Major video game villains to cameo in Disney film - GMA News
#2012c19 Eric Gardner demonstrates circulation overlaps between Af Am 19thC books and magazine ads.
Thanks Tyra. "Gotta Praise."
Interested in using PURLs to improve direct response marketing Disappointed in how slow the technology is moving It's too IT intensive still
hahahah i would love 2 help you with that Austin !!! mmeeehhhh <U+2665>_<U+2665>
Let em' try! This is Wisconsin, G*d damn it! You try to shut down an impromptu bar and punches will be landed. ;)
kuya thank you for following back!!!!
u should try zucchini pasta/ spaghetti. Then u can have ur lover #spaghetti back
There's not enough outlets in my classroom for all my students pencils
Sorry love for the long reply. Im fine. Hbu? <U+E022>
Decent affordable housing. Seems impossible to find in NKY :(
Play has just begun in the #LAKings vs #Canucks game and I won the Opening Face-Off in Kwarter!
Have you attempted SQL apps at all?
Welllp let me get these grocery bags ready for my clients w/o an umbrella
hey there how u been long time no chat whats new with you
What's the code?
I'm having a similar problem! If you decide who's best, let me know.
Don't major in the minor stuff...
Thanks, me too! They're really comfortable!
Let's get down to business, to defeat the HUNS
: Jennifer's family has used and raves about their service and the amazing deal she got.
Good night (:
If you could make a holiday wish to improve healthcare quality in the U.S. what would it be? RT
Isn't it supposed to be the 1st day of Fall/Autumn???
Always been trying 2 get some black in me.Going about it WAY the wrong way." Nuthin brings out Blackness in anyone like a lil BBD
Lots of talk about Montee Ball arrest.... MPD confirms to NBC 15 Ball was arrested for trespassing during MIfflin St. Block Party
Just got off about to smoke up!
Get a load of this...Behind the scenes look at the latest Kenny Powers campaign from at www.facebook.com/kswiss (client)
Thanks for the follow. We're just gettin the ball rolling...
0_0 and your name is ralf? Shame...
You know, I love the Packers. How can I buy shares in them?
How does NewYear's Day turn out to be rougher than the night before?
Well it was a good idea but I cannot do handstands after a pint
Doc Rivers read my essay...gotta foul!
I am one swamp away from losing it.
I'm headed to New Orleans today for the Wireless show. Back in SF on Thursday.
Where would I be without my IPod, like forreal
"Now that I'm grown, I've seen marriages fall to pieces. Now that I'm grown, I've seen friendships fall to pieces" - so true
It's funny when you pretend not to know they like you. Keep telling me more about myself <3
movin on up
glad u had a good day cool i'm 16
Mad world.
Prepping to give a great talk with Jan 6th on Growing your business with Social Media.
do send!
This team about to be complete let's get it in. LEGGO!
Thanks for the RT's fam!
I emailed the cit help desk lol I found my username but i don't have a password ugh and hence i can't register for classes
Small tupperware or ziplock bag in a lunch bag with ice pack?
watching #coachella streams, seeing bored 'hipster' crowds, & all i can think is "'chella, you're no "
hopefully they will have their liquor license, is still waiting
For everyone just waking up, the weather looks nice now but it is suppossed to get CRAZY by noon, tornadoes, hail, etc.
She didn't give you gas money for picker her up?
Let's ve a pre-Nye party tonight @ Playhouse. Feat; Sunnery James&Ryan Marciano Call me for NYE info. Dave ! Chris&Dave
Lil Lucas is feeling it
That's a nice looking set of bikes!
#SBCBBTourney condolences on your loss-I would've liked to see the #pioneers play the Trojans.
well from a public tweet it's understandable. That's good PR / customer service (most companies monitor their brand on Twitter).
yes it does. Lol
It's a money making mission...
I'll happily go there again. It's a date.
The big pay back lol
The sega game
Me too -- Must be a big hit today
yes exactly. More than half of #Maryland are #redskins fans, for example, due to years of no team and closer proximity to
I want to go to Long Beach Pride!
i'm right here waiting for you. like richard marx.
So if you emailed me about meal plans and workout schedules, email me again!
“: When finals are over I'm streaking down campus. The semester has been that bad. Lol.” right and I'm down to join lol
Jeffco's Child Support Enforcement Open House is today from 12 p.m. to 6 p.m. at the Laramie Building, 3500 Illinois Street in Golden.
Thanks and !
Can't wait :D its getting Awesome!
I've heard she is amazing!
u look like a surgery faild big time who
A3: i only take a twitter hiatus if i'm super super busy at work or on vacation. it usually lasts a day tops.
how you doing just noticed we where following each other
Everyone should skip the rest of the workday and day drink. Sound good?!?
Days like today made me really wish my computer would actually work!
off this week, been nice hanging with the fam.
i love my lips
Thanks, Dan. Any particular topics you can speak on?
#favoriteclothingbrand really? this is so 10th grade. wear what you like and forget what people think!
good afternoon everyone!
Worked the Pyle, finance discussion, mowed 5 lawns, ran some hills, now about to start a fire with the boys
We have been working had building the Smart Guy Network since Feb. Join for FREE. Thanks goes out to the people at www.WebPromotion.com
he loves that you are here supporting him...even at this early hour :D
Stadium: $1.5 billion - Payroll: $200 million - Team: Worthless - STINKEES! - I love the New York Post! LOL
Hey Delta Airlines--airport food vouchers are useless when everything is closed.
"On October 3rd he asked me what day it was...It's October 3rd :)"
I hate the post office. They always lose my packages!
Fuck My Life!
karma's only a bitch if you are
Nothing quite so charming as watching the elderly couples leaving the opera (Madame Butterfly), hand in hand, nodding and discussing.
Dateline is covering Detroit tonight, are you watching? (via )
Truman Show
Does your present wife give you updates on what your cock looks like? Amazing 24 hours. Over 1 mill raised, 1000s of volu....
$10 per hour!
Out of all that chapstick you have you do not have any on you?
MyLincoln will allow drivers and passengers to control virtually every aspect of the MKX's climate, entertainment and interfacing system
A fresh start, lets see how this go's.
chillen nigga bout to go hit this gym real quick! nigga we gotta chill
Meredith, we love playing your music during the day at the Phil's Friends home office. You are truly a blessing. God Bless you!
hey sorry! I was in class, and only have 10 minute breaks from now until 4! pooey! Tu/Th are the worst for me!
Excuse Me Missy
Going to 's tomorrow! I can't wait!(:
RT : on need for increased HS & college completion: "Equity and the economy. Each depends upon the other."
Write articles with multi-part themes.
It looks like Lew has a decent edge over Shaq on defense (DWS), likewise with Shaq over Lew in rebounding (TRB%).
Jamie! Thx 4 the follow! Please help us find these guys! Do u love the music? We want to hear u fiddle. Cheers! Best & success!
It's too early to be pissed off
just because you can doesn't mean you should.
I could make them pink.
"on my way to see Journey 2" - definitely not me
Power shower
reaching for the stars or head in the clouds? can't decide.
*looks around and slowly raises hand* lol
I hope this Senior girl doesn't go. 'Cause if I see her staring at me stupid like she's been doing I will punch her in the throat. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>
So mad! Dont direct us to a door that your not gonna open !!!
It's days like today where I wish i didn't live in a city & Wish I was at the beach.
Classes Include;Communication and Presentation Skills,Business Essentials for a Global Economy,
Please keep talking Alyson!
love your profile pic!! OMG FLAWLESS HAHAH
sees the def of #socialbusiness is the same as any business with an emphasis on #social mission !
I think I'm gonna buy a snapback?!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><U+263A>
TWEETS TWEETS TWEETS you rock!!! <3
Let's do cocaine and fight some wild animals.
You're never talking about me soo...
we will be in Phnom Penh this coming weekend! :) only staying for a few days then going off to Koh Kong
We're legit. Check us out and let us know if you have any questions. We would appreciate any feedback you have.
Good to hear! Any post-election plans yet?
Hittin' decline every time fool .
Do you have something against PPC?
Ive made a huge mistake
Fact: It's 28th birthday. Also fact: His mom's nickname for him is Cute Baby Nathan and still used today. Happy Bday, CBN.
let me know if you need a script.
why am i so addicted to Tiny Tower
This is 100% accurate.
You are very welcome. Thank you too.
School is like a boner; long and hard unless you're asian.
where do you live ? O.o lol
I admit - I used 2 think walking was 4 *old* people, but now I really enjoy walking & throw it into my fitness mix! Can be fun!
I can literally watch funny cat videos all day omg
I literally spent an hour pairing tops to bottoms...with about 10 combinations...I narrowed it down to 4...
the weather was amazing today. I thought I died, sexed justin and went to a magical paradise
that being said, I am a giant sucker for anything cool made out of Legos and would probably support it.
There is only one way to clean a house so turn up the volume on the stereo & get cleaning...
#CelebrityWhispers your balls are showing
you and jade are so adorable! Xox
Bottling lots of Louie's today! Hope you're thirsty!
Excuses are hidden lies!
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
The beings never touched the ground, they levitated stiff as a statue, & I didn't hear an engine & seen nothing 2 make them move.
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 22
RT: Jeep Build is Back in Action! Tweet us about your #Jeep and we will retweet it on our page..
its sad how much we rely on brand names when we buy things. Idk about you, but I choose the best, not the most recognizable..
can you do nerd day tomorrow please! :)
The talks ii have with my ma <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
all the time. RT : do you ever think about stopping ur online activities & becoming happily disconnected again?
No pictures. Haha yet
Rehearsing our new song "Dangerous Dames" and getting ready to record it soon.
if you enter a room full of ppl and half the lights are off, don't turn them on! Especially if you aren't staying!
yeah true that!
Got $10? Then you’ve got all the tap beer, any of 10 selections, all night long. Let’s get after it Milwaukee!
Pulling out my hair at the Verizon store. It's an all-day affair. Shoot me now! I stormed out & had to come back in. Lol!
Smoke haze over Santa Fe this morning, but not nearly as bad as Cochiti.
So ready for #Rockies opening day today. Go Rox. Beat the Stros!!!
Hey everyone
#yesouisisim rinse & repeat
yes ma'am! R u going to the game tomorrow ?
lol, who hacks Twitter?
my middle name is Rebecca.
I have fantastic friends, in case you were wondering. Tonight I am happy.
To all the ladies who didn't get this text..."Good morning beautiful!"
"She look like 'go home at ten'"
I hate when people can REALLY sing, but have tha most ugly facial expressions! -_-
Busy newscast:tragic story of little girl shot in back,colder weather,18 just killed in Pakistan bus attack& wild Daytona500.See u soon
Just finished re-reading a book by Antonya Nelson. God I love that woman's writing!
Cowbell can be very sexy.
52% Think Like a Man In Think Like a Man , an otherwise standard rom-com is partially elevated by a committed -- and attractive -- cast,
come see us!!! We need to go eat ice cream together or something
It's a great day to brew some beer. Even better day to drink some.
I changed it so now it's xojessxo143 (:
It's definitely a play toy. Nothing I have to have. ;)
Broncos! WHAT ARE YOU DOING!!
nixgee tell ur phone to quit calling!
Five Guys fries are hand cut and fried in peanut oil. They give you a ton for your money.
look it up girl! I read it from the chic. tribune
There is no energy crisis, only a crisis of ignorance. (Very true)..
Why are elevators so awk
tell us something we don't already know.
yumm!! Yes, it sure is!! RT Today is definitely a grilled cheese and soup kind of lunch day.
If it's any consolation, I thought the second half was better than the first.
had the longest most in-depth full length movie dream last night about staying at cornerstone instead of going to Euclid.
Thanks so much. And likewise.
Don't be nervous...I got ya
We don't have your email! Email us at and check out our Facebook page for the details.
Cstone was sick and all the facedown bands!best label ever!!;)
Love you sweets!!!
I love scotch, scotchy scotch. Here it goes does, down into my belly. m m m
this is an awesome vid!!
MT : Depressed for the end of 's #BUNewMedia -- One of the best classes. Thanks for the lessons and laughs!
I just want people to know. It's only right.
“ “ T R A Y V O N | M A R T I N | Happy birthday , RT Everyone show some Respect !””
u couldn't handle the Canucks
How exciting! Unveiling of Class of 1962 50th Reunion Gift at Alumni Weekend 2012
Good bye days of old...
Who's coming to see Petey Pablo on the helicopTOUR with me?
So why did we get allocation money? how much? I figured if we didn't sign him; he could go wherever.
ill give you a box when we go workout tomorrow b-swole
I will try that. I heard rubbing your hands on chrome works too. hmm
Hey! Would it be possible to get an interview? ^.^
Yeah? me too
NEED MORE FOLLOWS
#ftw2011 looks like it was a great conference - walked in for a board meeting and was shocked to see some familiar faces in the crowd.
aw thats sweet of you,
That freedom you get when your single>>> lol
By 2030, 1 in 4 Americans will be age 65+, & number of seniors in San Diego County is forecasted to double to 700K
Emma is "on avail" with Hasbro. More about that in my next post.
#anthemfail trending haha new that was coming
whos maggie?? if i may ask.
what a week and its not over.
#TodayinTwitter is home.
so hungry
#ronmackinleydenies Fantastic meme. Who started this?
Artist Paul Borges, won tonight for a change!! ah ah.Nice!...
Going to sleep. night guys.
I guess my issue is that you are compairing rails and php. rail is a frame work written on a language (ruby)
TY 4 FOLLOWING US .. WE RETURNED WITH A FOLLOW 4 U... HAVE A GOOD DAY
Haha I know :O
do want!
Very informative article today regarding diabetes and eye disease: "Eyes are windows to diabetic health." Remember to have your annual...
My #1 fashion icon. RT : Happy birthday to Audrey Hepburn...
I think I showed them what I don't got!
Oh! Lmao makes sense now RT : it means one of my followers
Seriously the new record is perfect. Let me mosh myself into a future where cars fly and we're banging aliens.
exciting things going on - and so glad to be part of it all!
I didn't even buy a ticket and just played that in my head for about 5 minutes :/
Tweet us your thoughts on the #LastOprah show...
RT : hahahah! Or dedicated! :) are you still teaching?
When passing to a cutter coming off a screen, read the cutter's AND screener's defender. Will cut down on turnovers.
Sleeping is my favorite sport<U+E403><U+E13C><U+E13C>
I have had so many interviews this week.. Hopefully I get a callback.. I'd appreciate it.
awww Susy you dont have to im sure you wanna meet him again!
we IN THERE.
thoroughly modern millie, that's what's up(:
see only Vegas chicks know about all those drugs!! She ain't going!! Lol
Looks like and are working on the new album! RnR Sunday!
Good point: not all words are created equal. I'd take 50 of Stephen King's words a day over my 2k.
Or no one shout me out... that's cool to
Please don't make me sleep alone! If could, I'd only to make you smile ! If you would stay with me a while!
We recommend the "c2g" app RT “: I just joined C2G, can you recommend an iphone app?”
Thanks again for lunch today! Your advice & inspiration already already has me buzzing with ideas :)
Wiffle bill: Financial reform cloture vote strikes out for the third time, 56-42. Senate, presumably, will keep swinging.
Filled w/ rich voices of gospel choir & thunderous rhythm of African drums, Black Nativity brings the vision of L. Hughes to life Dec 17-19.
"Im just friends with alot of guys cuz they're less dramatic than girls" no, you're just a hoe...
I think you mean:
#adopt a #cat or #cats today at the #Houston #spca for $8.00 per cat. Package includes spay+microchip+meds+vaccines+ cute #kitty of course!!
This is going to be an adventure...
Sorry, been in a coma from all the glitter I ate.
Captain Jack!
Perhaps u could factor that into your pricing before the job, if u don't have leftovers u can pass the savings? :)
Does anyone else find it unsettling to see significant political news along side entertainment industry gossip on the Huff Post site?
"Poopie, I forgot. AWE FUDGE." - omg lol, laughing my butt off (:
would like to make a presentation re a social media integration to Binny's. Who should we contact first? Thnx.
All I want for Xmas is a generic social media feed and interactivity. No labels of "Facebook", "Twitter", "G+"... Give me the future.
Sweet. Blecko will help #journalists do advanced searches, get authorized sources.
creighton and the yankees...
lml ok im just making sure, how my lil buddy?
most heads nodded in approval.
Wish I had known, having been a teen mom/college grad I'd love to be involved in an event like this
just waking up in the morning gotta thank God..
Can you tell me a bit more about the graphic designer position?
Apple's market cap crosses 500bn today. The world's most valuable company sells shit that no one needs at a premium price.
nada just chilling getting my eyebrow done...you?
what your most favorite word to say?(:
Now I'm watching #LostTapes episode of the #BearLakeMosnter. Good shiznit!
Soo after a million searches we finally found a lot for our new Expulsion series!!!! Big thanks to Camino Nuevo Charter School!!
12:06am - it's just a starter page - more to come
phew...I was begging to fear I was the only one who listened to
I was awoken by heartburn this morning. My age is catching up to me.
There is not enough darkness in all the world to put out the light of even one small candle
Tania is my nigga man i love this chick...
Badgers? We don't need no stinking badgers!
It's a good day
I'm actually watching
It's a beautiful day In Louisiana people!!!!
Want the most money for your books? Come in to BookHolders today to get top $ for your books!!! Open until 10pm. #BookHolders_USF! RT! RT!
Yeah of coarse. I'm a whore. You intersted ?
was on silent auction KC, won by a nice fire chief. He goes to collect and it's been stolen.
Its a benefit show for To Write Love on Her Arms and more details to come! Come out and support local music and a good cause!
Happy Holidays to All and May Your Holidays be Merry and Bright!
R/T- most famous words!!!! “: #4FamousWords NIGGA IM FROM DALLAS!!!!!!!!!”
I do owe you food
Oh you're welcome.
Today is National Margarita Day? Wow well you really don't have to twist my arm on that one!!! On the rocks w/ salt please!
just gave a huge shout out to Whitney.
oh I see, well hopefully everything work out...you still have about 2 months.
I love looking at old pictures :)
REFEREE please and thank u John Laurinaitis
Already back home. Doughnuts were good though.
Ms. Crews u have truly been that image for me a Virtuous Women of God.
Auditions for Coming Out in 2 days. Already have 150+ confirmed for auditions.
What a great week to be a geek: MTG Avacyn Restored release at midnight; Avengers; Star Wars Day; Free Comic Book Day...
You don't watch #fashionstar ? Goodnight...:)
just started to use the seesmic tool!!!
Drinking that Coffee and Vodka again, I see :)~
I knew it! You guys always have such cool events on the other side of the pond. Well thanks for sharing!
Awww you're so sweet :). show us around?
you know I gets emotional thank ya thank ya LOL
Haven't moved in yet, still busy packing & cleaning. The new place isn't totally finished just yet.
: Hey Brian!
It's no Mormonator, but it ain't bad.
Thanks. I had asked that same question of the Mobile Giving leaders I spoke to for the post. They still believe in text-to-give.
Missing the fun conversations& laughs with you & this year!
@ the reading promotion partners meeting at the Center for the Book in.the Library of Congress.
Get it bitch!!! Kill it I'm there in spirit!
Plus, my arm is healing, so I'm fencing right-handed again! Happy that my injury taught me to become ambidextrous.
Looking forward to next weekend in Austin,TX... Great tourney, my man from Dallas bringing D Will Elite Metro Mustangs.. Tourney will b hot!
Wow. All I'm going to say is what a night.
"Draw near to God and He will draw near to you." James 4:8
I honestly think the bulls are still gonna go to the finals. With or without D Rose. #TeamBulls ~
Chelsea with a big 0 and a red card.. Barcelona can give them three more goals to chill... lol.
That's where I'm about to work! (TSLAC State & Local Recs Mgmt Div.) Also, I'm so glad to hear that about the ol' Aquarena!
Bella (5yo) on the food chain: Frogs eat spiders. Snakes eat frogs. Chickens eat snakes. Daddy's eat chicken. Monsters eat daddy's.
Oh my. Can't stand it. Too cute. So glad we got him safe.
what do you do down there in Dallas?
You're just arming it by giving it more weapons.
I want a crazy weekend now and im not feelin this weather
aw LOVE YOU. Well alright you caught me!
RT : I would punch this bitch in the face.
Out shredding Breck with my boy !!!!
That moment when you realize if you don't pass the sol you don't get a verified credit.. And all of your hard work was for nothing.
What's your favorite Blink-182 song?
I wish I had a bowl of #CoCoaPuffs right now.
Great day in chicago spent with my baby!
apparently i have my hump day schedule mixed up...
Rain is relaxing ! good for the soul & the lawn!!
Goodness. He's gone for that long??
just not feelin right today
Change is good! Shock them with a new 'do & add to your hair with Dr. Wiggy's lace wigs and weft hair! Call 855-DRWIGGY free consultation!
to the Mayor, parked cars on secondary and tertiary #NYC streets not the issue. “Where the hell were the plows for 3 days!”
Come on Sox. You've got a chance to smack these guys early. Come on.
/ ...And you 2, black and white chose to verbally assault one another on television? Knock it off.
High St.
I know. It would rain this weekend.
Don't Go around fire and expect not to sweat.
3rd bow and arrow set of the season. This one's for hunting squirrels.
can we take pictures
Twice in last month I saw #LAThtr with understudies performing but no announcement or program insert...doesn't fit with rules.
Perfect football weather today! The #Nighthawks practice 10:30-11:55 at the Kroc Center to get ready for the
Nicest Mothers day ever!! Minestrone soup, salad at fav place, Biltmore shopping excursion, & every1 cleaned & let ME B queen!!<U+E10E>
Welcome Luis Amador to the Pyro crew!
it's the most overwhelming buffet you'll come in contact with.
Um, you follow more people.. So this is awkward
Going to zee city ((:
back from albany
Love getting dressed up :) little black dress :)
"I vote for #bcwine in today's #marcmad final!"
Erika, beautiful!! Keep it up!!
Just got a s/o from and aj fry lol #Obunz(-_<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>)
RT this so it can trend until sees it or until he tweets something about it ohkay? ;)
We do Variance Plaster. So beautiful on my kitchen....color is Porpoise! The color makes my cabinets pop.
Thanks. I love your beach photo on your profile. The #ocean is amazing.
hey what troubles are we getting into tonight, or are you going to be a poof again?
We'll keep our fingers crossed!!
I can't stand that actor, so I was biased.
Liz Walker: Why aren't more women talking about pro choice and reproductive rights at the national level? We need more women in public life.
{ THATS SO TRUE PILES}
the anticipation is killing me.
spoil me give me what i want give me errything and ill give u my time!!!!!
definitely left your cigarettes in my car! :O I'll bring em next time I come to the lab
I don't care how many kids Beyonce has, She's always gonna be fine as hell
Follow me on twitter!
I bet Roberts would let me
So to all the people that were mocking Denver for being so excited in the first quarter, *silence*.
Rollin up and still burnin, dont worry bout what im earnin, fuckin wit the industry these niggas they be all on it ...New track comin soon
I haven't forgotten about you. I am just trying to stay on the down-low.
poo school tomorrow
Wtf?! Fine... I'm not going. I refuse.
that's a BIG plus then!!! Lmao
wearing a fuzzy spider headband in the office - don't judge me.
Haha! RT : Once again, having a really bad love affair with Sugar, Carbs, and Saturated Fat right now. Sorry Gym.
- Thanks for the poll idea! We'll get to this one soon!
S/O to the 500 followers who followed with out me asking or PAY'N.
Good win, jazz! Also, I hope 's #swatlakecity name sticks. Classic.
"Tech skills every organizer should know." --getting started for my last day at
When i try to talk to ya its like conversing with bricks and steel
two embarrassing things: 1. my last tweet was supposed to be @ u 2. i wrote decide instead of decided kill me
Agreed! RT : I love when good things happen to good people. It restores my faith in people!
I'd tune in for that. Sorry, loved Zodiac.
"We often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude." Happy Veteran's Day
The PoetryIntern is stoked to be back at work in her sunny office! With a backlog of data entry. But coffee. With coffee.
Mom just told me I'm a puzzle cheater ...
haha yeah pretty much! Haha, you get used to it though.
hey Mac! It's my birthday! :D
#history #museum #historical Military Aircraft crash site preservation program show coming out tomorrow!
Someone just asked me "best place to eat in Reading - price no object?" I gave them a list, but couldn't pick a winner. You?
Samsung Galaxy Note... Best. Phone. EVER... Sorry Apple. I can never go back to the limits of the iPhone.
try me!
Trader Sams at Disneyland with Brookes and Kim. Amazing! Tiki Tiki Rum with animatronics and stuff on fire. WHAT WHAT.
Publish a poll & I'll request the raw data. :)
Dolan wanted him to take a pay cut, sounds like it's all about the benjamin's
one dude even said something to the effect that I was going to hell for not wanting to bear children o_O
If, for any reason I am having a bad day, I can always escape my worries for a while when I'm out with my camera. How about you?
Bummer about Andy Rooney, but at least he made it to a gripe old age.
In Orlando, Florida<3
Eavesdropping on my neighbor's phone convos. >
it pretty weird
This was a triumph! Love the look of it. Way to go.
closest thing to spending a night with us! Enjoy!
Jdjakcjdjd. My legs are so soft.
I did it again and it directed me to Aloha Salads in Maui. Then, I gave up and walked aimlessly until we found a diner
LIKE for Hell, IGNORE for Heaven.
' cuz you'd know i'd walk a thousand miles if i could just see you tonight . ' <3
lmao well it was an off guard type of picture lol .
I'm putting one foot of the other, making all the blood, sweat and tears mean something. I have peace can't take that away!
Tip: do not do heavy OHS after sitting on a plane for 5 plus hrs, ouchi back
Headed out on a sunset dinner cruise tonight with my best friend & hubby .. Awesome !!! 8-)
Derek Rose will play today against Knicks reports via
That game is time consuming
u welcome cant get no betta than dat
who wants to take bets on what the three most popular words on Twitter will be tonight?
Sometimes, when walking my dog, the carrot IS a stick.
mydude drew brees is a beast# best qb in the league
RIP "Macho Man" Randy Savage
The bills are back to square one. We need Luck.
RT Sending up prayers for my grandma...
I now you are happy
Is someone taking advantage of the one month free #LinkedIn premium membership? Suprised hasn't jumped on it yet
Happy mothers day to Nancy Byrd, Marcy Williams, Jackie Taylor, and Niecy Nelson. Not w/us physically but we see ur legacy in ur daughters.
#5bestsmells a new house, to call a home :)
this dude must be half retarded, 1/4 remedial and 1/4 NUTS. He keep saying " can I have or nmber" like 50 times
good seeing you last night!
PACCIN conference happening at Getty & totally sold out!! Still spots for attendees to come to Art Services Guild Sunday event at ATX
Tomorrow on Forward: Ida Jo, Whiskey Farm, & Scott Wilcox are in-studio to play tracks from "Cheddar Revolution: Songs of Uprising"
Consumers spend 25% of media time in digital, but marketers spend 19% of their budgets there. Mobile is 8% of time spent, 0.5% of spending.
“: DO DO YOU GOT A FIRST AID KIT HANDY” do do you know how to patch up a wound tell me
you should be
Huh, actually talked to my mutual fund guy over the lunch hour on a Saturday. Color me surprised - I was going to leave a message.
“: Weird & awkward!” Martina and Pat did a great job on the song and I am happy for the newlyweds...but weird.
About Venus wedding dress To find the exceptional of the dress of Venus lux are wedding in Shoppe :-)
SOTT is that kind of album that you need to buy, THEN learn why it's important to own; like "Kind of Blue". Glad you tweeted this.
you guys help me realize the things i see and feel are not make believe and i'm not just crazy thank you GA! :D
Must start exercising again. Hm gotta go look for motivation, where the hell did I misplace it this time?
hahahahahahahahahaha! fuck you. trouble in paradise? (;
Hey HRC! Leather Feather w/ Holy Fuck:Friday, 6/5 Bottom of the Hill!!! Let me know if you're interested.
Jumper cables near Venice anyone?
Go live in a kiddie pool.
#bored lets party broski !
Ok, back on. Tonight I'm #grateful for that magic moment when you are visualizing a project and it becomes crystal clear in your mind.
oh whatever :)
Watching the battles on
My favorite part about the holidays in LA is how little traffic there is. :)
Tips from Barbara Walters on getting in to the business "do your homework and listen" and in tough times "the show must go on" - The View
Thanks Nick, I appreciate it
Hey Andy, what is the name of the energy supplement you use drink before your workouts? I forget what you said...
you're welcome!
Studio 54 Bianca Jagger on a white horse - famous picture - google "picture Bianca Jagger birthday on awhite horse" Enjoy
just made my night on younow <U+2665> (:
Man its hot in here...
Gilles! Sabrina! Carson! Our Dream Picks for DWTS All-Stars - Wetpaint
Free photo booth = perfect Mother’s Day gift! Today at 4:30 near Starbucks and Crazy 8.
some if the stuff i dont ever use hahaha
yes I am
It actually upsets me that I have never had an elected representative that I agree with and can call my own.
if I covered your face with a paper bag, I'd swear I was watching Larry Legend out there.
Rewatching , gotta admit 's make up & hair were flawless on the Glamazon outfits. Needles & Chad also stunning.
Fuck just woke up & I know I'm not gunna be able to go back to bed smh ...
DREAMS DON'T ALWAYS COME TRUE, BUT IT'S TRUE WE ALL DREAM!
Have u seen the one hour doc from 2000 about Marianne? So great; finished it this week.
that's the best personal profile ever!
Thoughts and prays sent out to bestie family
I swear i just thought i seen this tv guide say temple run im like they got it on tv now lmfao but it said true temple
Trick/Treat? Call the Tan Bar on Sat, Oct 29 & say “Trick or Treat”,we will “Treat” you to a $25 TAN! Buy via phone and use 11/1 to 11/30!
Ryan Hurst from Sons of Anarchy has the best twitter name ever:
Talking instead of working out
It's so hot outside that my cigarette just lit itself.
#FF as well. Seems like a pretty nice guy and when I run into him at a #Pirates game one day I'll tell him that!
can't wait! RT In the Studio working on new mixes for , , & some original stuff!
How great would it be if a pepperoni pizza magically appeared every time you clicked "LIKE"?
If you know any good programmers looking for a great job. Send them my way. Great job in DT Chicago. Thx!
Lumpiness. We talking hotel business or mattresses?
i drive nails into my ears, to get your voice out of my head.
All i kare about is money in and city that im from sumbody should of told ya im on 1
Home from practice(:. Texts are welcomed, PicPerPic!(:
Mishel: Why is it If you put a dollar in an unemployed person's pocket it creates no jobs, but if you...
CONGRATULATIONS, PACKERS!! DALLAS, HERE WE COME!!
may 15th just enjoying the brews. Social night!
can you please ask him if he gets special attention from classmates/teachers in school?!
we'll come to Utah eventually. In the meantime, tell ALL your friends to follow us ;) We gotta have a big crowd when we come!
Excellent. The service was quick, the pizza was delicious, & the atmosphere was welcoming. I'd say that's a good formula.
It IS pretty exciting that each agency's working 4 #homeless families across US & convening on Twitter & Conf!
hi! Twitter is like AC filters...I try to remember to check monthly! Haha
On May 02, 2010 1st annual Waterford Lakes Latin festival celebrating Cinco de Mayo For Sponsorship and Vendor opportunities 4072350546
And now I'm pondering the legal ramifications of sweepstakes vs. contests....the devil has built himself a nice bungalow in the details.
Dear person puffing smoke in my face, I will shove that cigarette down your throat, keep at it .Do you see me throwing donut crumbs at you?
#FlagOnThePlay u snitched!
I wish there was an in n out near me! Their burgers look so good and delicious.
were are not mean
: If you don't have a dream you'll work for someone who does - Jameel Harris
u guys host any shows? U have any videos of it r a website
Pretty sure I may be one of the few people in this country allowed to deduct a gay magazine as a business expense.
Getting ready to hit the gym today. Late start but love my Saturday mornings with my wife.
Davis: "Diversity" is the new normality: rise of normality tied to rise of statistics, eugenics.
Last day at home before leaving for grownup life. Finding it real hard to look my dog in the eye.
Hosting in OR. How might we collaborate?
hmm. I heard one team is only using one van to transport the entire team <- that's crazy talk.
Stop quoting "The Notebook", pussy. Why not quote Shakespeare if you want to talk about Love? Dork.
well you sure? Gotta clear that with the boss. hahaha. We will for sure will hit up some Pirates game this year.
Thank you so much. I'm still a little bit wrecked. And for the nomination to go to Song of the Nile, it's especially sweet.
what ya was doing up there
Do you think I care?
lol! I got it. Some People just don't have good motives in life.
This Just In : Bob Knight is an ASS !!!!
Mine is working fine. I been on and off it all day and just checked again. Still working.
Thank you for the follow <U+2665>
if the Lakers win it will he by like one pt. Lol OKC are good!
thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend.
Did you keep it as a pet?!
Mary Evelyn Tucker: we need to take the values of world religions seriously - they are transformative, not just transitive
I. Need. Summer. Now ..
Looks like got in Grant's head like he got in Suh's.
Happy Mothers Day! #mothersday tweet!
They say a mans pride is everything. Let's see how the Lakers answe.
RT : Don't ask why this happened to you. Ask what you are learning. The answer to this question is why it happened.
I can do 10. Modified. lol
Jessica Simpson has to have had her baby by now, right?
Believe in yourself
please follow, i'd love u forever if you did! <3
I think you could be an integral part of my project life cycle.
It's amazing how 4 simple words can mean so much: "I'm proud of you" can change a whole day
Hollis Thompson drains a long two to end a four minute drought for the Hoyas and a 12-0 run by the Wolfpack. Tied up with 40 seconds to go
Doesn't play bagpipes! What kind of blasphemy is this?
And now a ling break b4 the evenings events
Working on room specs this morning for Feb event at Half Moon Bay and March event at Amelia Island.
Only we wait to bust out the ice cream maker 'til the coldest night of the season. This genius idea didn't occur when it was 108.
I am not designed for heavy manual labor, even if it is in my own yard. However, I successfully conquered the dead bush.
Hope you all are having a great day. Don't forget to smile.
Lmao I think he'll get fucked up in jail...
I hope you and the family ate better than Taco Bueno at DIA. Re-reading Drive again. A HUGE Deci fan. Now that's not geeky...
"Your mother was a hamster, and your father smells of elderberries!" From the French Guard in the movie, "Monty Python and the Holy Grail".
And now the refs blow and icing call
im good :)
Damn...i need some right now!
Jump into the 12pm adult fitness class!!
Big things popin. Little things stopin
“: “To love what you do and feel that it matters... how could anything be more fun?” I love my life !!!” WORDS TO LIVE BY!!
Good! Staying busy building my company, How are you?
Farewell to of #NYT who says, "Ethicists come in all shapes and sizes." Just like people.
I am destined for greatness, meet me there and let's celebrate together.
Had a sick sesh earlier with BigTim215, Bing, Irie Bear, Mr.Nice215, and SS Dawg. Super irie!!! Thanks fellas lets do it again soon
"Vernacular?! That's a derby!"
Fucking your mom tonight
Thanks Simone & Steve! We'll see you Friday night, 11.11.11. Thanks for tuning in. Have a great time at the concert!
I am bored
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. Napolean Hill
Admitted, this probably isn't a question for twitter - but - incase anyone knows - why does Andorra exist / whats its story?
I hate not sleeping! -_____-
Wieters ties career high with four hits
here we go: first shower on 2012 with flip flops. fingers crossed.
Follow if you wanna marry (:
Things look bleak to me right now, oh well ill stick to the plan and go full force at my career and delay the other crap.
We've got hail!!!
RT : students - The last day to drop a course without a “W” grade is tomorrow September 9, 2011.
Up in Santa Barbara doing some marketing for Destiny Deep Sea Water, Karmic Krunch & Noosa Yogart
i thought u new i had a daughter cus
That guy that pisses on the toilet seat <<<<
Taking Mom to Mt. Rainier for Mother's Day!
R.I.P. junior Seau
lol here you go!
rocha always wants copy all my test -.- and i know he loves me, and he looks like gay, but i don't care BITCH,I WANNA DO THAT BY MYSELF
Reality hurts. Wenger, wake up.
that $ was well worth it to see y'all losing like this
If you are here at the Bank of American Auditorium, you can buy books by the panelists after the Summit
- you need a real break from food?
body wave?
come check out the Social Center platform behind sponsored by
The early bird gets the worm.
Yes. Prepare to get your ass kicked though.
Why am I up a hour earlier than I need to be?
I opened up a bottle of coke and it said, "Sorry, you didn't win". I didn't even know I was playing, yet I was still disappointed.
I concur. let's go next week!
Ever write an email, neglect to hit "send," only later discovering it & glad it wasn't sent, then promptly deleting?
Rookie QB Jimmy Clausen will get his 1st NFL start Sunday for Carolina! This could be the start of a long career for this kid
Sign up for the SoccerFours Japan Relief 4v4 Coed Tournament April 2nd at Crocker-Amazon Soccer fields at www.soccerfours.com!
At work guarding tanker trucks.
There's a million things I want to say but I can't you'll get mad
black or old school purple.
Now the work begins! I should've been a bounty hunter!
Whew. Take a weekend off and it is REALLY hard to get back to the books.
oh maybe i should go to that snowboarding summer camp in oregon :)))
Justin finally admitted that he drinks. He drinks, but he controls himself. MY BABY IS GROWING UP TO FAST.
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as long as we live. -Mortimer Adler
Resistance is. Dumb.
now that you're headed back to the west coast, hope you can come up to Portland and visit! So happy for you- congrats. XO
Job Opening- Bilingual Property Manager
What is his name??
WineDisco Chicago has NS Gin #6, #11, will soon have Sol! We love North Shore!
could be a touch longer...
Last night was amazing. Big thanks to and for having me on the show and podcast.....even though i only said 2 words.
Bank holiday clockwatch – live!: • Keep up with all today's latest scores here• Peruse the latest (live) league ..
Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions. Albert Einstein
need to get T.I's book "Power and Beauty"
The SWOP Colorado website is finally being launched! We are SERIOUS and mean business people!! Check it out: www.swop-colorado.com
oh yeah it is! Trust me they're amazing, you'll be mesmerised the minute JoshRamsay opens his mouth haha <33
Area roundup: Marshalltown softball team sweeps NIACC
Let me shower first
yes! We Are Ready For Boyfriend Video. :)
tonight anyway if you want to know what it is you're going to get the answer
I wish I was in Cincy watching the Cubs beat up on the Reds
Okay, that is very cool!
2-day "flash sale" Gallery, 231 N. 76th St., Thurs. & Fri. More than 200 oils including bankruptcy art at reduced prices.
ABOUT OT PLAY PANDA RUN
other than the fact you look like joey lawerence
haha same! & I have like cereal from breakfast
Red Robin burger works for a little lunch. Was yummy
You damn celebs always say follow this or re tweet that but ur so stuck up and cant reply to fans. FUCK YALL IM NOT DOIN SHIT lol XD
Start off round 2 with a loss, but that is ok. We'll get 'em back.
hey fucker what's going on
Did everyone have a good extended weekend?
Crap. Switching to hockey now.
A 5hr #CicLAvia is too short, people tend to rush, therefore making the route less safe. An 8hr duration lets people chill more!
Or just post it and send the links. Duplicate content is a Google no-no :-) I'll work out something, a round-up or ??
you want other follower? Follow and I'll follow
The most pathetic person in the world is someone who has sight, but has no vision.
im 2 sexy for my cat
Woo. Last minute cramming for two tests is awesome.
you were one of my first follows. Of course you'll be hunted down :)
Trynna Stop Crying
thank you phil you are the man!
If you feel as though im going to put you down, or hurt your feelings ! DON'T BOTHER TO BE MY FRIEND!
Wanna hear a joke? ...Black Veil Brides
The Dictator look funny as shit...
You need to come to DC asap, I need to get my head on straight. Solidarity sister!
thanks! So do i to be honest.
Erie parts in movies that make you feel uncomfortable <<<
thats cuz teh do!!!! RT : Government unions seem to be under the impression that taxpayers work for them.
LOL!! That brightened my day!
On working w/ celebs, says #nonprofits should focus on finding celebs whose passion on your issue runs deep.
what do you mean?
Headed to the elks lodge for the night.
I Thnk I'm Staying At Home Taday Besides Work
Interesting article re: NCAA RFP. Is there somewhere it's publicly available to review?
I just received a work email entirely in Italian...I'm not sure what to do with this information
GOOD MORNING LUV BUGS! up for work....under the weather but gotta wake up to recieve my blessings!
Q1: Are any libs making use of the Google suite?
i guess the matrix is pretty good version RT : is there some kind of curse on Neuromancer never getting filmed/staged?
Cuddling with Riley before bed>>>
great night...let's do it again!
Gay marriage is okay now, so is gay graduations
Hugo takes the first two awards! Things are going to get real messy real fast in the Bridesmaids row.
GL: where is imbalance in curric? politics impt 4 developmt as people. Black students paid price for fighting Comptcookout.
I'm going with my booski so I'll meet ya over there but give y'all the money
Follow me please! <U+2665>
Artists inspired by nature paint in the open air - The State Journal-Register
Will you "B There" for tmrw's seminar? If so, check in on foursquare, stop by our booth & show us your check in for an exclusive giveaway.
What are the Texans doing?!?!
How's lacrosse camp going?
When I say Merry Christmas, I'm not assuming anyone's a Christian. I'm not even a Christian. Far from religious right.
Hey, J long time!
You're not going to rap your way into His will. You have to be obedient to Him & His Word.
RT : #Xanth, Apprentice Adept, & Incarnations fans - is tweeting a story, line-by-line. Why are you still here...
#Mexico thinking of shallow nature of quake, way way above subduction zone itself-so might be high-angle reverse fault above subduction zone
My favorite comment of the day: "I feel like I just lost 5 pounds! I cleaned my desktop!"
RT : Did you know? 's name has been on almost every piece of HIV/AIDS legislation
One does not simply walk into Mordor!
Not as cool as you!:)
Can u follow back /
Cutting my irons down an inch and re-gripping them COMPLETELY revamped my golf game! Happy face!
RTd for accuracy as well as lack of relevance to anything currently happening. RT : I bet ewok UFC would be adorably violent.
Alcoa Misses Already Lowered Profits Forecasts
Seeking referral/recommendation for bulk document scanning services in Madison, WI, area.
Look at me now..and then..Whoo Am I You ask? Me dumbass
a few for u!
I picked the wrong episode to try to get back into
And you will know the truth, and the truth will make you free.
Raise High the Roofbeam Carpenters--I've always ignored the comma and said it aloud as if "roofbeam" was an adjective.
She's too busy drinking Scotch to be pantless...
We get high to get by, hot dogs no rib-eyes
Don't feel bad that your darkness is gone... I'll carry it for you.
I can tell I'm really gonna look forward to reading (& disagreeing w/a lot of) ur tweets. But what's up w/the shirtless pic yo?
I'm in a hotel restaurant in Tampa and one employee is teaching another an air squat. He's actually doing a good job too!
Sorry, had to step away for a quick meeting have I missed Sample Rate. Robert?
When dating a new girl ask yourself will she hold me down if I needed it? If not then you better let the HOE go and fine a REAL woman !
u too luv
s/o to for getting a twitaaaa.
Happy hump day :)
Make a good retweetable tweet that sums up your message & goals and links to whatever you need it to. I'll retweet.
I'm hungry, my mom is pissing me off, I have no phone, and my head is killing me.. I really feel like crying. :(
where???? would love to zipride!
A babysitter is a teenager acting like an adult while the adults are out acting like teenagers. ~ Anonymous
Ranger game :)
#YOLO #HYFR oh, hip hop songs are so motivational.
Max pain...Travis porter make it rain.
This made me happy.
Ooh! Share your results! RT : Mom and I want to do something crafty tonight. So. WE'RE MAKING GINGER-INFUSED BOURBON.
people that spread rumors honey are just insecure about themselves and will say anything to tear you down.
Awesome to hear! Hope you enjoy your SF visit and have a happy holidays!
Sitting on the deck in Illinois on a sunny evening. Having a beer. Thinking how great it would be to turn this state conservative. Hm..
Our website is currently down for updates. We appreciate your patience while we update our catalog. Thanks
I'm going fav-crazy on your tweets. :)
Newbreak cafe with my book, coffee and poncho
“: That feeling when you just want to yell as loud as you can.”
Calm down take a deep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8> it will be ok! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Resveratrol is one of many healthy polyphenols and antioxidants found in the skin, seeds, stems and vines of red grapes.
Final: Dallas 59-Trinity 74. Trinity shot a staggering 52%FG in 2nd half. Must be better defensively if we want to be a championship team.
Hey auburn. Tide is coming.
Original Dark Shadows production materials available to see
go to bed
Seeing people in the gym... that you don't wanna see -_-
u good girl, u god!!
Bad day for #intuit, terrible day for #digitalinsight , Internet Banking and websites STILL down for all before 3PM. Totally Unacceptable
Regular show is like my favorite show.
thanks. we are having fun with it! Rikki has been fantastic to work with.
I love me some bacon sandwiches. I usually just do the peppered bacon on white toast. That's it. Basically a BLT minues the LT
If 1 person wins this lotto-they should commit to devote the money to a really solid , positive goal for community! +change!!
Right?! Like, let me pull out money for plane tickets and a hotel cos I'm ballin' like that.
Success is never the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire ~ Arnold Glasow
why do girls cover up their poop smell with hairspray. such a bad combo
Count The Rings? Celtics Have More . . . . And All Cause The PAST Lakers Got Rings Dont Mean The PRESENT Lakers About To Get ...
' I'm hot lol
Justin preforming #boyfriend L I V E tomorrow <U+2665> only thing i'm looking forward too.
Friday's Feature: Blackened Flat Iron Steak w/ a crab stuffed crimini mushroom, gorgonzola cream sauce & side salad Soup: Butternut Squash
I love you beautiful <U+E414>
Love Maxie's southern comfort cookies!
CHECKOUT THIS VIDEO .AN AMAZING RAPPER ON YOUTUBE Above The Natural-she left me too HES PROVES THAT A DREAM ISN'T IMPOSSIBLE CHECK IT OUT!!
uhm sure you did ... when i went to 1st hour the first thing i did was look for you
That'd be a good episode for sure hahah. I'm convinced one of those two is dying this season..
Two hearts flying out together like there’s one love holding us forever.
RT Coffee is so addicted to me, it can't wait to get in my belly. In its defense, my belly is awesome.
DONT EVER ASK ME A QUESTION , THEN GIVE ME MY ANSWER!
Going to #Coerper's tonight for the first time. Maybe we'll get snowed in and they will just have to feed us breakfast too!
What I just found out<<<<<<<
is up and out of bed...my brain had joined me...oh boy another day I am aware of the sh*ty life I am in...everyone else joy yours!
You're welcome! I hope you're having fun! :D
Unfortunately, due to the hacking saga, I didn't get lunch. Fortunately, there will be cake in 20 mins.
Chorus field trip > class. But barely
There're those cheaper ones but u have to got a carrier by contract to get those. Which I can't for her :/
Playing Batman Arkham City if anyone wants to jump on PS3 and play something else(:
OK, service was bad but creamy jalapeño sauce was awesome at #chuys oxmoor. The manager comped our meal, so there's that.
RT I hope she looks like you, I hope she fights like me, and stands up for the innocent and the weak. -Tim McGraw
Ughh sometimes i wish i could be myself around HIM<3
Chris is jealous? Haha
Like my Facebook Page Jackie "COVAgirl" Wade
Had this crazy notion today, so i went outside as my neighbors looked at me strangely, "Looked up and said very loudly,.."Thank you
Edit training
I was hoping Tony would kick him. Just for shits and giggles.
Dont ever doubt that the world hates me
are you giggling every time!
it is a good movie! lol
NEVER FORGET the ones who lost mothers, fathers, brothers, sisters, cousins, aunts, uncles, grandparents, friends on 9/11
"Cool, did you design any buildings I might have seen?"
A drop in the ocean A change in the weather I was praying that you and me might end up together
I know I should automatically be VIP I buy like once a week lol
hell yeah hommie.. shit if I did it... i'm an avid believer that ANYONE can do it
But I don't drink :(
Just left comment like "EDIT THIS LATER CLEARLY NONSENSICAL" in an unfinished paper. 1/5 chance i forget to delete comment in final draft.
hii will u reply to me?
#WhyDoiAlways find ways to make you happy if you don't care <U+E403>
hey Aimee an Grandy! Yes it was good just a little fatty than I like but I def will eat it again! Have yall ever had it?
RIP Davy Jones of the Monkees.
Dan any word on your next fight???
WORKING ON THE SHOWCASE FOR LONG ISLAND. WE ARE LOOKING FOR TALENT TO PERFORM AT OUR SHOWCASES
#business litigation.Let's create a Rocket Docket in every fed. ct. based on best practices from those who do it best. Every court an EDVA.
does this list also include Never Say Never? If so, all creiablity is instantly lost.
most of the time, firing your hitting coach is just an excuse and an easy way out with the fan base.
Get Austin Mahone Verified .
Im here come to Red Loft centerfield.
I was totally denied fries during Rural Roundup. Order that too and report back. :)
Great choice, Erin!
Fell asleep on dat borin ass game, but how the fuck did Boston lose
Shopping for an internship for the summer and it is proving to be a bit of a challenge.
GenCrowd Leverages &quot;The Wisdom of Crowds&quot; to Help People Get Ideas, Content ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Thirsty for scintillating conversation with the most interesting people in DC? Who's up for a #dcdrinkup the week of January 16?
try seltzer for 2 weeks. Put a squeeze of lemon or lime, or frozen raspberries if you need to.
Huge move with Larry Johnson staying on at Penn State
Looking for a quality iPad-compatible projector for presentations. Not a rinky-dink mini projector. Thoughts?
Truth and Revolution is at the printers! Copies available in early May. Can't wait!
Beautiful morning here in #ROC city! Feeling very blessed this lovely day!
Good Morning it is.....have a wonderful Day!
Heartless Verizon! Dads phone disconnected while planning best friends funeral svc for tomorrow!
i was just replying to your most recent tweet..
We out tonight (:
you read it... I've been seeing in LA. Bad sign.
MT : In 1965, Dickey Chapelle died, killed by a land mine in Vietnam, the first woman war correspondent killed in combat
- feel free to check in anytime hottie - it's all the rage.
Hates having these "adult" twitterers Following me!!!!
"When the bird and the book disagree, always believe the bird." --James Audubon (via Ken Pope in discussion of DSM V)
I meant to say, my web site is at: www.maryouimettekinney.com
Great! event still has tickets left--a few codeforoakland.eventbrite.com
Catskillz baby!!! Let's put it together sometime for power lunch in NYC. Long overdue! Bests.
hahahahaha thank you ;) Lmao! Oh wow XD I did it cause I was frustrated cause I wanted to go to sleep :P #OverAchiever :)
One of my students has a bday today too! Yay, a birthday buddy! He's 6 today, and I'm Not. His mom sent bday hats. Yay!
above all else, when you've stuck your for in your mouth, you manned up... I can't quit you
im not talkin bout my son lol
": I guess I'll look good in grey and blue #fuckingorioles" - Everyone looks better in the pinstripes
We switched when it was CP4, but there should still be an export option somewhere. DL the .csv & write a script to parse it.
Definitely liked 's 60s theme better, despite the team's derailment. I think Dayana is at the end of the line.
nice where at?! What did he sign haha
The great adam schefter reporting rush limbaugh about to be put on waivers... By his own ownership grp. Details in minutes on nfl live
I'm bracing myself!
Oracle, Google Trial: Who Wins Round One? - InformationWeek
Y get n a relationship n do shit single ppl do?
back on the grind hun! How r u?
you gonna be in Raleigh tonight
Lolgasm- The act of laughing so hard you can no longer breathe and have pain in your chest.
u will have to tell the haters that if one is great at their job they get paid big bucks! I believe that is any pro! Right
Thank you!! I absolutely loved your performance tonight on #HartOfDixie You rocked it!
don't be sad. Get glad :)
wish I called in yesterday #HouseofCards is massive, sustainable production work for months!
Any chance you'll post the recipe?
Out of $400 NLH quick. Got it in w 67 on 257 / 6 turn vs 2. OK w my decision, but was a tough spot.
Can you throw in a free TPC Sawgrass membership to sweeten the pot to #mariowilliams ?
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that complains about everything
Dellinger: conservative justice in dc court said the bill was novel because it was a non-new deal approach to solving a problem.
Downton Abbey Christmas Special....Full on tears at least 4 separate times. I absolutely cannot wait more than a year for season 3.
we r done with that other party that was there...back to normal now throw that tweet out as i sent it to ya
So crazy my baby!
I'm so glad you're doing this! I saw the premier at Barrymore and it's excellent!
Enjoy! It's beautiful!
have fun!! good luck!
And I'm really into this new Band of Skulls single. Glad they're back.
I watch porn with my cat.
If you're insecure, EXERCISE! Stop the eye rolling FEMALES!!!
listening to some crazy Latin jams..right now Sexomania by Perez Prado
yes, it's a classic. Got any other favorites?
Just got interviewed by the one and only Robert Conrad on CRN Radio! Good times!
I hope he doesn't go through some depressed mood...
Great #SLU_VCC_2012 meeting today!
Blues D3 beat Ok City 15-14. Will play NorthernSt next. Winner goes to California for D3Sweet16. Loser will have to tom to advance.
that's my bestfriend :)
Today it seemed that one of my friends was annoyed with me????. Wonderinq what I did...... :/
Subject Henry Jim that Mr Andrew
everyone's a critic
I working lunch at the come see me and get your free APP 2011 S. First Street Milwaukee WI
On the homestretch! 41/80= how much longer until I am in Lubbock. With the probability that I do not get pulled over.
I'm realizing recently how old fashioned I am. Don't feel comfortable with women regularly giving birth to litters.
I just came to say hello. Fuck dat, I came to get drunk.
I'm finally excited to watch the Hunger Games movie trailer because I FINALLY have the first book! Yay for my boyfriend's dad being AWESOME
missed you, and last night! Next time for sure!
Hi - Free wifi will be available in the Yerba Buena Forum during #GravityFree!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 55
no pressure guys,no one is expecting you to win...
gotta finish laundry and hw -_- fun sunday tho :)
Every single person is in a position to be a leader. Leadership is never about rank, title or position. What can U soto help inspire?
Blasting Irish music and baking Irish things. Tis the season!
is on the world's slowest internet connection in a cafe in Kampala, Uganda. But the coffee here... oh the coffee in Africa!
No matter what accomplishments you make, somebody helped you. -Althea Gibson
I need a ceiling fan! It makes sleeping so much more enjoyable
I got a candy-gram from Regina George. RT : In honour of Mean Girls Day, today we're totally trying to make 'fetch' happen.
don't forget to follow homie...
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009B>
Random thought: I'll say in about 5 or 6 generations from now, everyone will be mixed..
Tricky temps this week: Highs in the 60s until Wed... then near 80 possible later this week. Best chance of showers: Tuesday AM, Thu. & Fri.
slow pc's suck
Agree mostly but MANY, MANY lines of work have short lifespan (physical labor, beauty-based, etc), and others become obsolete.
pyt pretty young tranny your a funny brother
#cnn is describing #righttowork as a pro-growth jobs program-hasn't deregulating worker's rights taught us anything?
May 15th is Cherry Berry Chiller Day
A walk/run of Fryman to start the day? Yes please.
My pleasure, it was fun!!
#Kobe is in #BeastMode!
you can say that ahah I don't mind staying home . Hook me up tho! Lol
they suck SO hard...
Great to see you here Court! Thanks on the congrats. Would love to hear about your biz!
I'm of the belief that Perkins hurts more than he helps.
To be prepared is half the victory. <U+0096> Miguel Cervantes
I'm glad she's eating. And drinking fluids especially. Tell her I love her
You don't even know what it is. Smh. (:
What's your craziest sexual experience?
Loving 2012 so much because it feels like summer already! BBQ eatin weather!
I come from a long line of repressed, bloated & proud Eastern European people which culminated quite nicely into blowjob jokes & AA meetings
: Pardon my nerdiness, but Nick Fury is the Vince Lombardi of super heroes.
Good Morning All! Rise & Grind. Here's wishing everyone a Good Monday.
I'm so glad i'm not the only one that actually likes staying in on New Year's Eve. lol.
Fis Comp. Treaty 3% annual govnt deficit-to-GDP ratio limit. How? massive downsizing of public service Perhaps a yes vote is best
felt the same way until something clicked (and i saw him live). went from indifferent to fanatic. one of my top 5 (or 3 or 2)
Wow! We are being slammed with last minute project requests. I wish I had more staff to accomodate these customers.
119.53 seconds...don't ask how I know.
lol, i don't think so!
(We're in Fredonia, BTW, getting ready to play some and on Friday night, then to Toronto for some )
Just when you think you have buried the past, they find another body...
Finally got internet on the phone. Yay! I got the 3g my touch. Thanks best :)
I had mine done last Friday and it was a pleasurable experience.
Video won't play on iPhone. Please fix that.
Another theme: Divas in cross-cultural context.
just know that its gonna change up a lil lol
She comes off as strong, but maybe she fell asleep crying. She acts like nothing is wrong, but maybe she's just really good at lying.
thanks drew!
hell yea ;D
Waiting for to take the stage.
it's available on the Internet if you look in the right place.
“It’s Not That I’m Unapproachable I Just Spend A Great Deal Of My Time Avoiding People.”
WHY ARENT YOU HERE THEN?????
Great point - RT : True! RT : A2: Sometimes salaries arent, but...incentive programs can be.
Well, yes, there's that. And evacuating the city with 4 million other people is always an adventure here.
#Adele rocked it!
He has not replied to me
is a play I wrote called Exit sign.
how about them #BRUINS...#GAME7 HERE WE COME!!
A plan = clearly defined goals, measurable objectives for each goal, strategies to meet objectives, tactics to accomplish strategies
your welcome! Do you know if #amw got any good leads or tips?
#haters these days :) jealousy is the most sincerest form of flattery. Lmao
I've been a bit MIA.
I am!
Ryan just fouled out. Welp.
But now i wanna go on youtube -.-
You ain't never seen a fire like the one I'ma 'cause....
Dickie: 18c had rape jokes; punctuated with dashes and asterisks.
My work-in-progress is a horror novel. Stay tuned. :-)
This is going to be a good year . We can feel it in our bones .
caught up on Twitter, which means I'm way behind on Read It Later now.
Claire Danes looks stunning!
#UKHKY intramural softball game tonight at 9 on Johnson Center field 2. Come check us out!
A seed in my seedles orange?
thks for the positive comment concerning the video & the mentions.
Thx for the tip RT There will be 8! Glamorous Chicks Cosmetics are amazing! Check them out. :)
Mission accomplished. Finally found a brugge dragon for K that was both colorful & sword.
So...am I stupid for waiting it out? Nah,just seeing if anything else pops up in the process
tell joe congrats. all us miss you guys. zoey says woowoooarrrooo. :)
Bill Hoest~ I just need enough to tide me over until I need more.
This Wednesday night Steve Dushocki is Burbank with many funny comics 7:30.
Descendents are in the building! Or will be soon at least.
Missing him like crazy
#ImWeakFor someone that know what they are doing
Season finale of #BGC!
i used to live on Essex St so Highland Park was my spot.
There will be plenty of reasons to stay out late after the Meetup tonight :) (cc )
Sitting at a creepy park >.<
Isn't it funny when people stop talking to u when they dont get their way?
omg its beautiful
You should go on Nancy Grace, I'm sure she can't handle your warrior aura
idk D; where does it show you it?!
great to see your face last week man! Congrats on the gig!!!
Hope you feel better Austin! Love you :] <3
that shit is natural lol RT“: dawg my daddy was pullen my weave I think I lost a track”
We changed our facebook page to the new look, we hope you guys like it! -CRG Team
A pinch of probability is worth a pound of perhaps. -James Thurber, Lanterns and Lances
Teaching my first library instruction class tomorrow as the new Communication Librarian at UT Austin. Feeling kind of nervous, but excited!
Riding the MARTA in Atlanta and admiring the porches ...
Fav vacation: shlitterbaun Fav candy: sour skittles Fav comedian: Ellen degeneress Fav game: grand theft auto ( I like all of them )
thanks for the follow and the mention. I'm somewhat addicted to your site and include references to it in my #novel Au Pair Report.
Cain's stance on his domestic affairs just became far more amusing than his statements on international affairs.
All the bullshit only makes me stronger
After meeting with the owner of , can't even express to you how fortunate #KansasCity is to have such talent in the soccer world
I always love seeing Gino. He's awesome :)
Lots of sound made a difference too, especially Aidan Baker, Sunn0))), Pauline Oliveros, Coil, Bryn Jones, and I could go on and on.
Wow. That is some strong feelings about black olives. I love green olives but black olives are even better to me.
Substantial: Helping you avoid awkwardness since 2006. :-P
WHAT?!? was at the Colin Hay show last week? How the H-E-double toothpicks did I miss THAT? Great show, wouldn't you say?
Don't know if this is a new thing in ATL but ... found some SCHLITZ! Oh yeah
Wow. Hardcore. Just saw an old man check his blood sugar sitting at the bar.
Congrats to Montee Ball. Amazing year.
Surprisingly good.
"iCarly is Forever in Our Hearts" -- I feel so bad that none of you will know what a good TV show is.
and through it all she brought this on herself. On herself.
Seems like a lot of tchr growth when talking about alternative assessments for students. Hmpf. Weird.
Danny you're gay. And Fede anything from you should be good :)
feeling groovey....except my face is numb..damn dentist and pesky fillings.....
Pees on sheets, not enough to make them too wet really just a dab. Watches me take them off. Gathers them and makes himself a bed.
Currently watching My So-Called Life. Claire Danes is a GREAT cryer.
Why is there no hashtag for NYC?! #HUNGERGAMES24NYC Please!!
“: How to make it in America makes starting a T shirt line look HELLA easy.”
pound it, pound it...
Mark Agito wins the #hhawards Charles MacArthur award for best new play for "Birds of a Feather."
This little, healthy pup was rescued from a kill shelter in Alabama - the 11th hour. Boy am I lucky.Looks just like Jazz. My b/w dog in pic!
& iDont Have My Crutches :/
I'm about to follow all the followers of Back to Last Night with my own twitter GeoffWBarker.
That amazing moment when you talked someone out of suicide. <3
#BecauseItsTheCup “: I literally just almost passed out screaming after that goal. Omg I have headache”
Your best bowling score? Don't fib now. :)
MANCHESTER CITY WHAT?!?
whats on the agenda:Real Assets /Commodities
City Center Bellevue.
SLA leadership summit hashtag is #slasummit check it out!
"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind." Let's hear it for Dr. Seuss
sure :D
Wandered into bazaar tonight, caught a few songs of 's set. What a beautiful voice!!
Look at you beautiful ladies valuing your village.
its too long for 140 characters but they agreed to exchange tickets which I never got & one of the games was last Sunday
“: when is the greenbay game on? Oh wait”. I. Hate. You.
The best part of the Final Four in Nola was getting to see live! Instead of shy'n away from their tough songs they owned'em!
I need spike lee's tshirt
"Everything's okay in the end. If it's not okay, it'd not the end."
will Livestrong have coke or pepsi products?
keep on the JB stuff boys! Its the biggest album coming out in 2012 ... have a fun Friday!
I am severly depressed - do you think knows!? dig it.
Dear LA: you CAN drive through moisture.
Vinny bites his nails , I bite my nails . we're obvi meant to be.
Thanks for the follow, Chuck!
#please let us get out early.!
#LT pass out
we are treating CP patients in our clinic now. Give us a call at 813-788-3969 and ask for Phillip
RT : You have to respect and love yourself in order to stand any chance for a happy life. Amen!
That's so me! RT As a #Virgo when you criticize someone you're not trying to be mean you simply want them to better themselves.
In statement, Gov. Tomblin says "I believe we can complete the legislation next week."
:/ thanks, maybe she releases more dates, who knows
love the first two but ill check out pretty lights and the youtube intro. Thanks!
so many projects, so little time.
will you follow me back? Enjoy your trip:)
he is yummy lol!!
I've had a lot of amazing memories in the office the past 6 years. As we move, super excited for the future! new space = sweet!
Aw. Yall are awesome! I swear!
Waiting for Alt-Ac workshop. Exciting!
Seeding is everything from on out.
No pressure. Have fun. We're not even here.
Of on the job hunt. Gonna be a great day, I can feel it. #positive minds
:::Looks at wiki picture again:::: AHH...LMAO!
Omg or some Buffalo Wild Wings oh yes
Having an awesome tech/digital meeting with about v2.0 of
Just a monopolist could study a business and spoil it by giving away products.
Dammit, I kinda want to replay Makai Kingdom... It's one of my favorite NIS games. Too bad the PSP port never got translated.
I don't understand why people have to stare at you when you go to the store, I swear this one girl was asking to get hit. #Problem?
CU students just found out that school had a basketball team last week. Very impressive turnout and showing.
Life is not supposed to be full of sadness and regret . Life is living period . So go live it
I prefer the chew chew train one :0)
Wow TLC has taken it to a whole new level. Just saw a man eat a goat's head to be "thrifty" on a romantic dinner.
Spring into Beauty Party tonite at our third ward location from 4-7pm. It's going to be a blast!! It's free to attend, bring your friends!
Eminem... Best rapper alive. No arguments. If you think otherwise, you're most likely deaf or stupid. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Going out and letting off some steam
Hanging out on until midnight. Hopefully I get phone calls from strange people at State Fair!
straight back
Support our very own from Dancing for Womens Cardiac Care tomorrow at Wilson HS in LongBeach
Try our chargrilled chicken fruit salad for a sweet and savory treat.
You make Super Bowl predicts?? Or waiting to announce on next week??
Great chat tonite! I'm amazed & inspired every wk by the dedication and professionalism I see from this group. Proud 2b a member
Hey, Dwight Craver (director of the short "Off the Map") welcome to Rochester! We'll see you in the "Adventures & Challenges" program...
*HUGE SPECIALS TODAY ONLY* Buy ANY BOTTLE of LOTION over $55 and receive 2 FREE WEEKS of tanning! Instant Tans are 2 for $40 or 10 for $120!
Oh I can't wait to go shopping at that mall!!!
Hah i made my frriend download tumblr so i could go on mine.
Just got me a new BBerry. Trying out twitter on it. To my thousands of followers! - ha!
What do you plan to do with your first 90-degree weekend this year?
I know I only got four followers, but I want all four of you niggas to know F.B.E is killing this Shit.... War on garbage....
lmao! M Chinese would be bomb right now
“#SEC where education matters RT Miss. St. cancelled classes in anticipation for game against LSU" look forward to this hah
We Just to Turned up.....Turned up to the MAX....We be getting to It...
would also have been a good example. we were talking about how heroes (though not heroines) are allowed to be ugly, if powerful.
Really.? :O
Just learned when a guy tells u he's "never giving up" it actually means in 4 days he's gonna start seeing someone else. Good 2 know. LOL.
Having. Not had. It's the end of the semester, and there is not enough coffee IN THE WORLD.
aw, im sorry! it will still be awesome! :)
I used to LOVE doing that as a kid.
Time to Sign Out !
Just got my bellybutton pierced =P it didn't hurt at all!! =P I thought it would hurt like hell!! =P hahah a pleasant surprise ;D
Well said. Too bad the stellar performance will be forgotten by many due to the outcome.
Very little I'm not interested in; thus the luxury of apathy re: cars and sports.
dwade sucks, I think.
Are you using Mac or Windows?
Keep it fun internally!
I need to buy 90 small #sketch books to inspire the creative process in HS #students. where can I buy cheap?
Oh, and there is no way they replace
#MLB: Report: Werth will miss 12 weeks after surgery.
Imagine Etsy with a "live" auction presentation. It's interesting. Def a good place for getting deals on handmade wares.
studying for geo. last final at 1030 am then IM DONE
EPP's titles can be found in academic libraries worldwide, including Canada's McGill Uni; UK's British National Library; USA's UCLA.
What's the best library website you've ever used? Seeking models for #Oxy redesign. pls RT.
What has the world gotten to? 1 person driving 4 others on the phone!
Just watched the interview, good luck with the project.
Stop clubbing, baby seals!
Hawks are in the PLAYOFFS!
Good Morning San Francisco!
Just walked past a playground. Children playing tag. Everytime someone was tagged a kid said "sexy and I know it". That was weird.
I did same thing! I think you are in same sesh. This is better!
I don't want something perfect. I want something real. I want something between the two of us, something we can both feel.
everyday you should be doing something to get faster.
Nas for the win
Working on unveiling many hilarious new ideas in the short future.
Gas station mini-mart on the way to work today. Do they have Diet Coke? No. Hemp milk? Yes. So very
Of course! She's pure sunshine in my life. I am happy to help her get well soon.
I am so freaking sick of evacuating the cathedral
yes! Which is dine by me. :)
gonna be on National TV 4 handing off the home equip ..lovin it...she deserves that TV time...they always push the pretty gurls on!
Thanks for stopping in and supporting and !
Gonna work out tomorrow with along with at the gym. Demo'ing some new stuff - excited!
VOSD: Bonnie Dumanis' Econ plan focuses on buzz words and herself, had to chuckle at that one...
turn to you is amazing<3
Thanks for an outstanding season. It's been an amazing ride. Are you okay? Hated to see you leave the game.
What's your favorite thing about your workspace or #office's design/furniture? How about least favorite?
Just got home, time to paint for a minute....
Kony 2012 is a scam. Do NOT spread it. Spread that it is false. Fucking the government and the elite.
Practice and proper form playing an instrument can help center, meditation
could you have #sex the first night and expect a lasting relationship?
G O O D N I G H T . DONT FORGET TO SAY YOUR PRAYERS<333(:
#ICantLiveWithout my boys
#Verizon has the worst customer service for cable installation. The WORST! Canceled appointments, incorrect equipment. Geez!
Thank you; we're all challenged by your unique point of view.
Hi Adam - thanks for following StoryFirst! Like your work - I'd enjoy a chance to meet. Coffee soon?
big year for you :) Thanks!
thank you <3 :)
Come see IRANIAN film-maker Majid Majidi's THE COLOR OF PARADISE tonight after the Community Meal. Meal 6:30 (good soup), film begins at 7.
You ever read about his incredible athletic feats?
keep forgetting about this damn power point
Yeah. He was an icon. He introduced gamelan to America. He is a legend to the public, and a hero to his family. <3
I agree. I'm on season 2 right now, they're manning the hatch and just found the other survivors from the back of the plane.
OMG I love Grease!!!!!! if there's ever a remake, you would be perfect for Sandy! :D
actually Zach the word evicted comes to mind before fell.
Free day today!! Not really
more like when a guy leaves a league and the first place team vultures his best player (cuz league owns team)
I'm going to miss you guys on Thursday nights!!!
Interested in boosting your #work resilience? The Center for Creative Leadership's Amy Martinez shares three on our feed.
WOW! I love seeing my timeline full of Always funny & entertaining! Love ya Jun :)
Just enjoying a spectacular DC day. Thanks!
Not sure what we're doing yet for New Year's Eve... might go to sister's house.
"Reflections on Play, Pedagogy, and World of Warcraft" - from new quarterly
me too. Especially that "yes we can" rip off one.
at times I just wanna go to stones river or river stones mall.. whatever it's called.. to shop. but I never find anything. ever
ION NEED NOBODY TO SUGAR COAT SHIT
I want somebody to cuddle D:
That's no good--hope you feel better soon!
You owned the TV screen, dude. Nice.
Or you can come here. ;)
So few understand the meaning of companionship. I appreciate all with whom I'm involved.
What's more shocking is that I called that walk-off homer haha..
The City Of Chicago Board Of Edu Stay Fuckinn Up My Work Checkk...Its 50.00 Short. Lemme Call Payroll.
guh. yes, this weather is definitely not conducive to sleeping!
So excited for summer with my boo!! Soon no more college until August :)
#wov12 do girl scouts have a computer science badge? I seem to vaguely remember getting a science badge.
Will post a summary blog later today, more questions raised than answers :)
Good morning all! Get started with breakfast at #SUBWAY & you'll have a great day. Guaranteed! Remember our full menu is available all day
In advance of RSD #BlackFriday I spent money at Wuxtry Decatur today. and - you're next on the list!
Some great points at #9sinst11 about the necessity of clarity and transparency in the promotion/tenure process for younger scholars.
- we'll take all the Cume we can get. Bring it brother. :)
I wish I could teleport myself home!
#retweet ~> : Just 2 more and we are at 100 followers.....pls RT and ask your followers to follow us and
New Yorkers bring fish farms to urban jungle
TECH HOUSE
-_- How is that good?
big hairy audacious goal
Not sure what they did.
HAHAHAHA I am just tweeting funny things people say around me...so it's not actually me saying them!
you asked for more: Mod Timbo's responses are also insulting: 15-16-348-63658155 no one seriously thinks that at Jagex, right?
As of last week, lol, Edward's never online enough for me to go with him... And your my second choice :)
RT : Hiya Kevin. Thanks for the follow. As a former NYC Actress, I know how much actors need marketing help.
Cocaine is one hell of a drug am I right?
Getting fucked up bc I'm done w finals
Love the view of NYC from the plane!
I can't believe I got up at 730 for this
I'm just a regular bloke, I put on my jumpsuit one leg at a time just like everyone else
Guidelines are negotiated with the other side. Best practices are internal professional principals.
RT : Just made my life winning the VIP Suite for Keys/Monkeys show! Thanks so freaking much!!
Last "Rocky Top" of the day
Getting to the point where im to tired to fix my hair. Hurry up summer.
SO TRUE!!! RT When I am home alone, Every noise I hear is a serial killer.
2 days in a row I guess
and the bandwagon just got light again.
Emma Stone in Giambattiata Vali...umm haven't we seen this dress before?
i dont feel like you care anymore
Spring break is over
happy birthday:)
Total #REIT industry capitalization is only 80% of 1 company's cap: Apple
ALERT: Stop, Drop & Roll! RT USC will join 8.2 million across the state in the #GreatCaliforniaShakeout tomorrow.
You need a simple - affordable solution - that PAYS HUGE...
If u go on a date and pull out a RushCard. She gonna pull out her phone & start Tweetin abt u
Have no idea what to expect out of this game. Go cats.
Oh, yeah, the guy with the fashionable hair who has actually played pretty well of late. Not sure what's going on.
great job on #IndyStyle this morning!!
the website we work for is like voldermort from Harry potter - speak the name you'll explode
As Kelly Cutrone would say "if you have to cry go outside."
lots of work :/
I sent you an email. Dr Craig
Personally, I'm going with the Spanx for Mom//Heck! I'd love some of that anit-gravity eye cream!
It is what it is!!!!
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows. -Epictetus
POA is matching pledge dollars for the next 3 minutes - Call Now 602-377-3003
#nowplaying Put It Down by & <U+2764><U+2764> this song!!
O I'd love to go to London for a while! #LACanBChallenging. Ups & Downs, you know. These days here, UMust produce & write
I'm glad I caught the #SOTU. Very inspiring-Loved the messages... also glad I didn't have to stand & clap that many times.. just once at end
so you're saying today is the same as every other day?
Onscreen skies are frightful. Outside real time sky is sunny and lovely.
"I think what is important is that there's a unified argument or narrative sustained at some level."
FOLLOW ME FOOL
ah hell nah you should of won album of the year Blake!
is 1/6 of an all-star 10:30 Jet City at tonight. If you've been waiting for reason to see JCI, this is it.
Sparky no thanks to #NODEGREE #CollegeDropout (KickedOUT?) About That Criminal Defense Fund...#DOE :O
Not sure. But exciting about your consultation starting.
Deductive reasoning Tweeting about ducks lost me followers, probably ducks, or duck sympathisers. My next 100 tweets will..
We're getting ready for tomorrow. Its going to be crazy with POKE LOVERS! We will see you there. Downtown San Jose ca let's do this!!!
New password requiring at least one capital letter, two numbers and one special character? Someone please tell #Gmail to calm down.
Kobe is absolutely ridiculous!
If you had to be stuck on a boat with one of the boyz who would it be ? #12345 :D !
Happy Birthday! Thanks for all that you do!
That's still a thing? The things you learn on Twitter. (Another thing I learned on Twitter today: It's National Cleavage Day.)
never listen to me.
The ceremony was a success! Thank you everyone who came! For those who didn't, you can always watch online. www.unmultimedia.org/tv/webcast
I would do for you
Where was beaver?
Quit it with the fake beards, babies. Such an insult to my craft.
Big birthday shout out to our main man, He is a huge part of helping us get our brews to you.
Uh oh... looks like it's time to return to.... TECH!
That shift really knocked me out. On glad to finally be home
wish my glasses fit better.. you guys need to make a few smaller styles.. still on the mission for fab eyeglasses
"Forgiving is not always forgetting, but forgetting is always forgiving"
How many Musicians want to win a chance at a free Music Video Shoot?
and should #ShootUsDown with their love<3.
Days like this I want to drive away.
RT Got a group of friends and they all trying to get tatted the day before graduation.. :)
Happy #AprilFoolsDay! What's something foolish you've done? #Remember the time...
Sweet for $38 you can buy a share of Facebook. Secure you d-bag status NOW!
Great workshop on #Socialmedia for the #boomer generation with
DM for you!
quick! Someone tell rick santorum!
my tweet feed is blowing up forever Christian&His LittleGirls RT
#InSpotter mobile app will empower
If tomorrow is nice, does anyone want to go to the zoo with me??
aww glad u had fun. Were u bad kate? Lol jeje love ya
How do I sign up for one of those?
How do towels get dirty if you're clean when you use them??
Great show tonight thanks for everybody who tuned in. Thanks to all my new followers. Let me know here what u want to hear on the show -JDM
I rarely remember things myself.
So many brasileiros in central Florida right now...wonder why?
Great British band - - opened up for Love hearing new music!
Yes we do Eni! You should come visit soon I knw Francis would Love your company cuz he b tired as hell of me lol
Just wrote a long email about Tumblr, then realized all I needed to say was "gifs."
#20thingsaboutme I hate going out to eat. I guess that's weird.
If we set you up with your own INTERNET Business...Could you handle it? We will teach you how to market on THE WEB!...
If there's a will, there's a way. Why should I be busting missions to see you? No siree, I have no trouble waiting. I'm already used to it
Part 1 of Supernatural's season finale tonight on the CW.
sure that sounds good.lemme know when you a date that works. Most days are good for me other then wed.
Okay so I officially love today, met deuce from shake it up AND got to go to Sonic for the first time. :D with kalista! Bestdayever!!
RT : For the love of God. Sterling Marlin is trending.
Ellen Brazer announces that she will be the keynote speaker at 22 events beginning in Sept.2010
Had a conversation (w/myself!) abt this yesterday. Not easy. RT Watch what you give your time to. And make approp changes
You're pretty good (: I'm downloading your album when I can ! Lol.
oh mena things are so great I honestly haven't been this happy since Michael
the newest member of the #LoudHouse empire - make sure you follow and look out for him!!
Being ignored <<<
LOL I thought you might say something like that!!
#whimsicalgates being installed in May at Heritage Museums & Gardens. follow our stories
"Please limit to 5 pieces per submission or 2k words"
hope you yank 'em up.
I hear ya. That's been my last WEEK. You ok?
Can we just announce that whoever goes to Costco and buys Zooey Deshanel a giant case of Campbell's tomato soup wins Twitter?
I'm mean!!!!!!no your just annoying the hell out of me.
Sandwich Shop, originally offered to antique shoppers as a side business, now has 200+ outlets nationwide and 7 in Manhattan
Playing the priest at my daughter's penance practice. How funny is this
Made it to the Forest Temple after accidentally picking up the heart in Jabu Jabu's Belly and having to fight Barinade again.
my birthdays on Sunday!! (:
Congratulations on the birth of your new daughter. Mine is coming in late May and I can't wait.
listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 16
Bad day at work and fraudulent charges on my debit card?! How did I become so lucky?
I'm comin to see you and the boys play tonight!!! I'll be waving at you!! (section 114)<U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Finally got it done! Better late than never right?
When you throw away your French Toast sticks :o
If you can have lunch with anyone in the world, who would that be?
My salad looks yummy :) I wanna eat it already lol
About to see a giant rock! 320 tons.
think I'm playing! #thatswhathomeschoolingsfor #damniwishiainttrickedallthatbread ah gotta go
next TUESDAY at THE FARM. Focus! Focus! w/ Tamia Remains, Teflon w/Special guests!
Nice! I can tell you are a romantic at heart! =)
gosh! too much salt isnt good! :P
Went and did a walk through of the reception venue with the caterer and the staff of the venue. We now have a game plan.
#1 The HoodStarz "Elevator music" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
#HighBloodPressure Antipsychotic Drug Does Not Help Veterans With PTSD Study : Antipsychotic Drug Does Not Help Veterans With PTSD
Having fun w Jason At The Park/Cafeteria in Sacramento after 7 hour flights. Now that's living!
Ima feature you on this banger I got. Its more or less of the kinda stuff you spit but still a banger. Just to see how you do.
i have an exam at 8am, my bro has ap calc the same time, and cause I needed the money
Angles time was about 5 years ago. Plus TNA did have Tito Ortiz as a ref before and Ken Shamrock. Nothing new.
personal trainer and a martial arts instructor
Stake and Shake... Is that a new restaurant that vampires don't like?
Can lizards eat food from Wendy's ?
I need someone different You know it, oh ho, you know it
SIZZLING SEASON FACT; The average show for Actors Company of Tulsa costs anywhere from 3000-5000 dollars.
When people don't put smiley faces OR any kind of face in a text.
It's hard to trust someone when the ones you trusted the most are the ones who betrayed you.
It's like living in a giant mouth,
Great weekend. Got to be outside and enjoy the beautiful weather with family and good beer.
#UShouldnt fake de game
Just following your lead Dr. Kynor! ;)
Working on some super top-secret stuff for -- it should make Tweeps very happy
OK, It's time. From now on I'll tweet
#artpolitics three phases: from voice of enemy to voice of allies to voice of self. Audio spotlights. Cd provide recognition that what you
being in the mac store is like getting a second chance to be nice to the kids you ignored in high school. no thanks
Hey George! When will we have the midterm questions for Leadership and Ethics?
That baby dinosaur noise you make when you stretch.
Whatss Up Babe? :D
day off Wednesday. But I'm always at joes ;)
Scream by Usher <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>
That was probably the fastest I ever got ready, & I cut my ankle while shaving:'(
Phone is back up & with a vengeance. Wow!
If someone will look into the actual conversation and thinks I'm a harassing antisemitic violent threat. I'll leave voluntarily.
lol I went yesterday for the first time this year and did surprisingly well
3rd sleepless night in a row... My bags are getting bags ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Whereas all 12 Bobcat's would play major minutes for Kentucky. That alone should end the discussion.
Working on a new school program about kids in 1900 Phoenix, and a free history children's program about medicine in territorial Arizona.
The things that kids ask in health class..
lol it broke my thin heart.
Deadlifts, bench and pull ups! Sounds like a fantastic workout today!
RT this. I hate the Heat, but they gonna SWEEP the Bulls n their one pony show.
It sucks when you know things will never be the same :/
Seriously, who is Jinsu?
just sat
-- are you headed to E3 this year?
Lovin' the DJ @ Crisp right now!
first tweet ??? On iPhone 4s ; over!
fuck boston, u know the hate run deep lol
Have some open dates still open for holiday music. What could be better than Live Music &Songs for your office party or/and private party
Not surprising, but Rush Limbaugh is amazingly callous about former NFL players and head injuries.
i heard that a treatment Drs use for Bladder Suspension "Coaptite" prb spelled wrong worksWell &last long x as wrinkle fillerTrue?
I need some help with a bill problem, ready to cancel service, any way to get some help?
God is something else. I was just thinking about sending u a message. Wow, really??? That is great! I can't wait to hear!
You can't keep having people do things for you. You have to do things by yourself.
any way to change email addresses from one edu to another. Can't find any way to do it on the licenses area
it's funny that you went to sleep when I woke up.
Physical pain sucks emotional pain hurts but being dead is a misery
Government @ Our Finger Tips™ #Axiomity Inc ® -- ()
birthday celebration.
thanks Heather! :)
Graduating this May? Make sure you use #Suffolk2012 when tweeting. PS Bring your smartphone! :)
Pretty sure no one in Sacramento cares about the Tour of California bike race since they totally negated us this year.
you better. or we won't see each other until mid june
Brain splat. Heart floor.
thank you so much. I really enjoyed being part of the project!
follow fridays us plz!! it will be much appreciated!! thanks.
Poster is not original author of the quote removed from this post. User is under investigation for possible violation of copyright law.
This light skinned boy is in my face putting chochlate in in my face
Angry haters.
"Above all, never let anyone else make you feel like their worth is greater than yours. You are the only one who can measure your worth."
It's Friday the 13th. Has anything really bad ever happen to you on Friday the 13th?
April is Jazz Appreciation Month! Support live jazz.
Ha! That would be good! RT : Anna Nicole Smith! In her skinny modeling days! Xo
got tossed for saying something to ref
Wow, just wow. Firemen cleaning their firetruck is a sight to be seen. Thank you day!
Well..that was a good movie...Time to start cooking..
Love being on the West Coast and finding out everything that's happening in the Grammys. So thankful for tape delay. Thanks CBS.
bored....grinding on lockpoker....
From which state/city/town R you? =)
#Brewers lose. Final score: 1-3.
Work now
If you liked 's presentation last night (we did!), let us know. We're always looking for feedback and suggestions!
I MISS MY TEDDY BEAR
quit letting vince young be such a vagina. Could we have just one game where he plays 60 minutes??
IMPORTANT: If you lost a black Sony Cyber-shot at the Bowling event, please email us.
BTW- there's not one extra scene, there's two. If you leave before the final credits, you'll miss it and that would be a shame.
um Austin replied, he just said that no one cared anymore. Idk what that means but yea
finally finished great expectations this morning. think i should stay away from the classics...rarely enjoy them.
Cowboy buttsex. Sodomy.
why am I not surprised
Mayweather all the way. My dad wants Cotto, though. Bahhh.
Please broadcast the names of the 10 Democrats. I would like to personally help fund their being taken to the woodshed!
Powers out. Damn and I need to study..
Pay freezes longer hours more work Isn't it time to reward your staff? Holiday parties are motovational and an economical way to say thanks
If you're behind while watching on MLB.tv, I apologize for the spoiler.
hahaha yeah maybe not a good idea :)
That will ruled a fumble I think. He was losing control of the ball.
Damn I don't feel like driving
Bout to go chop it up wit the FAM
The first thing I think when I wake up Monday morning in Vegas is, Hmm... I'll take a #hol at #VMworld. Good crowd.
In some secondary world fantasies the kids often remove themselves from the site of the parents, not other way
Made the best Yerba Mate tea latte.. On my way to fitting #1! Could it be a more beautiful day? HAPPY HUNGER GAMES!
Hey, I just sent pics of the table to your gmail. Keep me posted.
At work tired ass hell
I say a huge AMEN to that!! He was awesome and anointed!
How much is too much?
Just realized, the problem with my dog is me. I'm asking him to be a golden r. when all he wants to be is a terrier....
It's harder than it seems
Summer weather sneak peak today in Long Beach. Mid 80s right now. Who is coming down to ride a hydrobike in the bay?
Im so depressed and all i want to do is talk to you but you're asleep...
ok so make my eggs
Thanks! It's been a long time coming! LOL. Now I have to come up with interesting stuff to say! Way too much pressure!
I'm looking for stories/interviews with pit bull lovers who have bred dogs or have purchased from a breeder. Email
the website looks awesome!!!
Holidays are meant to be tiring still
fish an chips for dinner..yumm
McConnell told CNN that there is ageement on lenght: "We're going to pass a short-term continuing resolution over into March."
Thanks Veronika for the follow!
Changing the World's bad mood into good, one brownie and cookie at a time! Bitter?! Sweeten your spirits with one of our medicated Yummies!
RT Please follow She is looking for #followers. Thank you!
It sounds like a comic book lover's dream come true. I can’t wait for the big screen premier in May!
can u spread The word tht I'm an actress an TÊLL ppl to look at mi bio :)
“Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.” ~Buddha
we sat behind you on the flight to London, great to meet you. Do you have a pic of your softail? Good luck w/European tour
Woo! Let's get it Kentucky! All day! :D
My psychic instincts tell me this will not end well.
Don't you expect us to assume if your not telling us anything....
yo I got a babymomma & 1000. twitter-boo's on twitter but no twifey yet tho so I can't talk lol
Peer groups are energizing and always worth the time, I highly recommend you find one...
Big up the Street Bass massive everywhere! Have a great Saturday night!
Going to bed #peaace !
Journal 4 due today!
either ways fine..i'd go for the youtube
does campus cookies deliver to Philadelphia??
HA HA!
she is so HOT too!!!
Bad week for right wing agit-prop provocateurs; first Brietbart collapses, then Limbaugh backpeddles. O'Reilly's gotta wonder if he's next.
Thank you kindly
Sounds like a good plan! We'd love to hear about how your trip goes!
Glad u enjoyed. I like The Palms of Clearwater. And congrats on your daughter's engagement.
Josh "The Little Cowboy" Tomlin doin work!
ah stop it. I hate to hear that. It's disgusting.
haha thats HOw twitter work :) im just starting 2
#SFIMAtweetup QR Code fan over here - don't hate
burned 394 calories doing 180 minutes of "Cleaning, light, moderate effort"
Nigga if u type back "K" n response to any text message ur def gay
The X Factor Snags Britney Spears For $15 Million
It hurts every time you act like you don't care.
Just made it to #webwise before the hotel parking rate went up :). Everyone, I am impersonating
My First Tweet!!!!lml :D
1501 tweets baby.
Chicago is lucky to have you join us!! Have fun at the wedding!
Great day writing with Nathan Chapman &
Before I met you, I didn’t know what it was like to look at someone and smile for no reason at all. <U+2665>
I live in LA and been going to Clippers games 17 years.
Yuck RT : Cashman sounds distressed about Joba. was making good progress coming back from Tommy John surg. This is big setback.
Who's excited for the next Ad2sday Happy Hour at Keystone Bar & Grill in Covington?
i think it was in the most recent brantley banner!! i will find it for you gurl.
my sister and her kids went back to south carolina today....it was sad my nephew was crying and kept saying he wanted to stay with me so sad
WHAT CAN I SAY...GIRLS JUS LIKE TO HAVE FUN;-)
“: I'm the kind of girl that would rather grab a controller and play with him, than complain about him playing.”
Happy spring equinox, fellow human beings. Asymptote day. Rate of change of daylight is fastest today&tomorrow, for the calculus inclined
Union Solidarity Now
a little teasing never hurt anyone - even if it was unintentional ;)
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 4.) when people recycle plastic and paper cups, plates, and utensils when they are clearly DISPOSABLE!!!
RT : "Not permitting libraries to lend ebooks means that some people have less opportunity in their lives than others."...
This car arson business is pure insanity... maybe you should leave your in the street in hopes they find/burn it?
Fraternity Wars Day 1: Capture the Flag at 6!
Thanks. Checking it out now.
just tuned in to
You give me butterflies<U+E414><U+E022><U+E00E>
Just agreed to stay up until sunrise.
hahaha this is you!!! “: Every time I cut my hair, I immediately start missing my long hair. #GirlProblems”
Watching baseball and drinking beer. Happy Monday.
The mountains tremble AT YOUR VOICE!
We did it
we're twins hahah but sadly no, she doesn't like Justin Bieber
Summer Dinner: tomatoes, corn-on-the-cob and meatloaf. Am I am American or what?
O hello homeless man on the street puking into a trash can.
I find myself deleting it often. Twitter is excellent training for eliminating unnecessary words, i.e. very.
She shine like a Dime-ond.
I just saw someone using a pay phone. Totally caught me off guard. I imagined my kids watching hackers & saying "internet on the phone?"
any chance you'll be sharing your slides? would love to see what you talked about... hard at wrk on semantic netwrks & news...
Cool! Good Luck! Go Noles!
Flopped set ok kings!
Thank you advertisements and docudramas for educating us all that actors are not real people. I guess I am a unicorn.
that is mystique from x-men: the last stand. Being cured, and seeing her naked 4 the first time.
“: Thanks a ton for performing last night guys. Tons of fun!” you guys rock!!!
Did anybody ever go to Clipper games before this year??
Com'n Gise I need Followers!
Yes, I am not a very good swimmer. True story.
at night?
risen hells ranch halloween!?!
Looking for people who want to start a business from home and make more money.
Thank you to my Craftstravaganza customers! It was a wonderful day. :)
RT : Happy Mother's Day to the most beautiful, hardworking, and amazing mom! <3 I dont what I'd do without her. (:
Everytime the chi squared test has been presented to me it was so complicated. Not today!
well the best nachos are in Nampa
Eat Your Heart Out !!
thank goodness I wasn't the only one thing that.
ESPN is angling for access to RGIII. They have been head-over-heals for him since Sept. No wonder stressing about Cousins pick.
in the workshop!!
*crying* omg, I'm right next to you so you see how hard I'm laughing, omfgggg. RT : ahh, her teeth are kinda jacked
TOUGH LOVE- NEW ORLEANS! TONIGHT! 7PM!
Getting A New Phone Case >>>>>>
Weird to ask the girl in front of me if there's something in my teeth? or normal
UMF! WHY AM I NOT THERE :(
The tyrant doesn't care he ruins lives. He is simply happy he can do so without consequence.
You are wearing flip flops to work? RT It is definitely not flip flop weather. Silly patsy.
LinkedIn and job search seminar tonight at CUNY grad center with Phil Jones and John Bau starting at 6:30
Having sushi in Shawnee. No, that is not a typo.
Ready to hang out with !!!
still :O I would just slap her haha!! :D
If you live in Madison and have low water pressure or no running water, let me know where you live. #waterproblem Thanks!
im not wearing any green today. but if you pinch me, i will fucking murder you. happy saint patrick's day!
USAA used to be a good insurance company. Now instead of customer service, they offer incompetence, lies and misinformation. USAA sucks!
Did you regret ever holding my hand?
Keeping up with local, national, and international news: ABC News is the best!!
31 pitches for Lester in the first. Didn't look happy with home ump. Last time we saw that it was Beckett and he settled down.
Still havnt gone to sleep! I don't know how my baby does it to stay awake
looking forward to an exciting 2nd half!
Finally found the man I can say with certainty... I'm going to spend the rest of my life with him. Craziness
Working towards accumulating all my "fav'd" tweets from #NGS2012 in one place.
i hope so too.. I havent been able to edit anything, you been busy
Thank you for being so trusting & generous w me today. Your story is so beautiful - & yet there's so much more to come!
Getting ready to watch the #Oscars. What are your favorite #films this year? Next year-one on how #EricCantor was relieved of his job.
Good morning! Work out pending, biz getting done, and life is lovely
Yesterday, it was Easter and southern Calif. had a 7.2 earthquake. My first quake love it. :)
Cant stand when people chew gum and make that poppin sound
Happy Mothers day :)
Hi Niall, I'm not confused. Vernon indeed said patrol car was going same speed as bike - about 30 mph.
So that new show Duets, pretty much remade the 1984 Apple Commercial.
Just trying to make sure everyone can get on the Metro in time
The Catholic church announces that it considers the only acceptable Holy Union to be between a Priest and a preteen boy.
Judging by this womans eye shadow, she hasn't noticed it's now 2012 and no longer the 80s.
Eighty-six percent of users expect lies about physical appearance on dating site profiles.~D
Yea I might fall but you will never catch me fall off hmmp
pathetic game!!!
in my dream I was a feature in a Kelly Rowland music video. I win
Wow, that is might impressive. Do you have a transporter?
Toastmasters meeting next week on the 6th near Penn Station!! Looking forward to starting off a new year with power and conviction
very cool! I'd love to see some up close. I've only seen videos of that process but it's fascinating.
uh oh! What did you get in trouble for? Lol
RT Participating in the #Loyalty 360 webinar sponsored by Comarch "Experience the True Force of Loyalty"
Michelle Williams Fires Back at Beyonce Stans on Twitter About Baby Blue Ivy Carter -
did you hear? "Bar Method is for wimps" -- <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I see myself as sexy. If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing. - Aaliyah
What are the odds? A Mexican jockey won the #KyDerby on #CincoDeMayo!
Puppy Bowl: less ref, more puppy. Seriously.
I saw a peacock by the road a few weeks ago too. We also have a #nofilter shirt. :-)
Now that all my #screenwriters have applied to this year's Nicholl's Fellowship, time to up your aggregate queue - oxox
diggin the updates of your trip. The fishing looks rad. Cheers!
I need to wash my eyes
The Rev is 10%. I'd forgotten that. On behalf of my liver: fuck you,
Whenever you quote me on twitter you have to type, #Shit Ade Says
Which one? It really depends. Different languages have such different cognitive properties.
Just the two of us we, we can make it if we try ! :)
meeting the ex-wife today for the first time since July. It will be short and quick, unlike the relationship.
Hey man, let me know how it is!
Reality show idea: libertarian locked in a cage with well-armed cancer patients is forced to explain policies for "pre-existing conditions"
Damn that DQ commercial. M....
.“My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here.” (Jim Henson)
We cannot wait to see you on the Miss USA stage!
yeah stop playin
I love accomplishments!
follow me please I love ya and ur hot and awesome
Looking to connect with SAN Storage Administrators - If that's you or someone you know contact me. or 248.351.3813
how are people finding out about Selena's mom..?
thanks you wonderful lady!
you should watch "Top Poppins," it's a film about a fighter pilot nanny.
<- reared by Pops and a #SAHM. raised by wolves and gutter snipes->
Sounds like a time—I've heard good things about Dinowalrus. You going to the May Day concert/festivities Tuesday?
RT : Thx for being our 500th "liker" :) So sweet of you! // The pleasure's all mine. Looks like a great reading club.
's Face When She Saw Matt >>>>>
Confirm your sources, I can't find this anywhere.
Without patience, life can be extremely frustrating... :)
RT : Did you see Toy Story 3? Catch the original Sat. night at our Dive In Movie series!
A Tale of Two City Sidewalks
More: Bartleby's Book of Buttons, Nova Elements, Monster at the End of This Book, ColorSplash, Pages, Wikipanion, WebMD
fuck that they are scary for the whole league
Round up the horses and cannons, the dark age folks have declared war RT OBAMA FLIP FLOPS, DECLARES WAR ON MARRIAGE
It must have unfrozen itself? What a cool video! Thanks for sharing!
Soon it's #TebowTime RT : Soon ....
- If only Liberals/Progressives were as dedicated to voting in Democratic primaries. (& mid-term elections!)
Feeling kinda sad about Donna Summer's passing. Her music was often in the background when I was a kid. No, I did not grow up in a Disco.
yeah but he might have had a little helmet to helmet issue
IMO, not "Knowing" is the point of Faith. I don't "Know" there is a god, but I have Faith and Believe there is! :)
LA FWY closure made front section of local paper. Live just under 1000 miles away. If it effects the commute here...
-Lol thanks n okay no mo pics today haha-!!
great to see you Denise! Thanks for the
Someone stole my foursquare mayorship at Fiesta away from me... we need to fix this!
I do see how women can be chauvinist but there is a freedom of choice to be sexual, empowered, and proud of feminine aspects.
All day err' day!
I'm your huckleberry.
OK got it lol
It's the night before heading out for a conference and I'm still doing laundry and only underwear is packed. Sounds about right.
So, we've totally neglected twitter lately, sorry everybody! We'll keep you posted more often from now on. How are you doing?
alternately, "4 non brondes", as in bro's. too much of a stretch? too...brotesque?
I hope the Clips lose. They can have an everlasting back seat for all I care. The fans too. Didn't know they had fans (Shrugs)
as well you should be!
BK: toast? *Raises beer to Joe Flacco and his future with the #Ravens* put em up.
working on the intro to a manuscript. slow going. just write, baby. stop tweeting. now.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart. -Confucius
+1 Strongly agree, as software capital needs fall early-stage firms should get smaller,not larger. $ is commodity, help isn't
“ I hate the way movies portray relationships. It gives us unrealistic expectations of love.”
OMG, you guys, I couldn't even get my #ragecry tweet to post that's how bad my day has been.
No one told me lifting weights would make me sweat as much as running!
Super 15 Rugby (AUS, NZ and RSA together) play consecutive weeks on the road.
seems as we have a lot in common!
I want that girl so bad
That's fantastic! What did you choose for your first?
RT from Iran: Today's protest in Tehran will be at Valiasr square 5pm
Thanks for faving the tweet.
I'm rapidly approaching the point where I'd eat a dog to get people to stop the annoying "Obama ate a dog" thing.
Kind of wish I were taller. 5'6 is average. :(
Did Best Buddies' Fairways to Friendship last night w/UofL's golf coaches as instructors. My body is reminding me I'm out of shape!
Just joined & am really excited about connecting. Keep up the good work!
truth be told I really don't even fucking know what that is but the inverted cross thing looks legit..
Dr. Dre = Large Professor = Dr. Demento = Dr. Octagon = Dr. John = Scientist
i have no memory of who i once was, and i don't remember your name.
Awesome! I always say Very is my fav, but it's hard to pick just one.
It depends- Usually ppl gain more if they cheat on carbs, rather that cheating on fat. It depends on ur body and how u react.
in Lock Haven, PA . . . Snowy! Next reading is Tuesday, in Charlotte, NC.
8 hour push again today. con law exam tomorrow.
Great presentation of program elements/key considerations to start a tablet initiative
why do you do this? Tease us so? Fjfdigfirfbhk I can't wait for 's new album!! #BELIEVE!!!
I know right?! I've been really god :) how about you?
Mark your calendar now for #DevLearn | 12. Join us Oct. 31 - Nov. 2, back at The Aria, Las Vegas!
People who don't know Twitter vocab are funny. #improperuseofhashtag #douchePT , I think you'd agree...
Lock your doors is bartending tonight until 9.
- due to Beck's departure, conspiracy theories are to be outsourced to India. Luckily they're not fans of Pakistan either!
who were you meeting?
like 2 months. ):
Flight later today to Chicago and #AWP12. Of course, the biggest storm thus far this winter is on its way...
lol, yes kind of like self tax monitoring
Being a smart shopper is the first step to getting rich. ~ Mark Cuban
I slept all day ... now I can't sleep at all..... fml
Yesterday had a great day of very engaging / though provoking workshops.
#LSCON in orlando can't wait to meet up with old friends and new. See you all starting tues for certificate program!
Today is Documentary Day at the Malkoff house. Some how Robsessed: Inside the life of Robert Pattinson did not make 's set list.
Ha! I'm in it twice...I tell no lies..
follow me back please? ):
gracias brotha's! def, lets keep in touch...we want to head back to TX this summer
Nasty ass putting hot sauce on eggs
lol.... it must b on the way 2 the trailer
“A Penny Saved…Is Useless.”- Carl Jung
can I get a follow back too
that's why I can't believe this dude isnt in jail. Change the story so Trayvon kills Zimmerman and ask if he walks free...
I got friends in low places.
I hate but love the moment when I'm going to follow someone only to find out I already do... ._. is that weird?
When you see that one person, and you get nervous, heart beaten fast. >>>
How will you help the planet today? Help someone else? Work for a just cause? Smile at people you meet? Lots of options.
You're welcome!
Let us know details on any practices/media availabilities this week. We'd like to catch the team before they head down.
I really want to tweet for during the game but I have a feeling I'll be falling asleep. Regardless
Working the craft table at for
Listen to in class haha
My little sister just bumped into/recognized you in #DC but didn't say hi. She's a fan.
keep the termite ball titles coming, I love em.
Coming up on Saturday, November 5th - our First Saturday show with a very special guest, Keyboardist Nicholas Cole! Nicholas is just 18...
oh man, algebra is so fun! asdhgasjhdgaj i have to do math homework :(
Philly fan, how cool would it be if Richards and carter went on to win the cup in LA?I would love it.
Couldn't agree more with the Iphone, had mine replaced today completely
Had to stop following some people on my twitter cuz they were flooding my feed with boring, dumb tweets.
Sorry about that :) Well I'm happy to meet a San Diego matadorian
While billionaires are pledging millions to advance more income disparity I wonder who will build our assets trust fund?
Thanks #Google, for taking the #GOP #debate to a new technological level. Gmail sounds, Google Earth animations, and a live #Youtube page.
I need you to call me and serenade me with Nsync or Jesse J and if you don't I'll leave you a voicemail singing Shakira:-)
Thanks so much for the follow, I love Toronto, I was there about a year ago with my 3 kids, they loved it too.
Oh ok... I J's asking bc of the other day...yay
Did you missed RFTZ today? It was invigoratingly brisk.
: #dragrace #PhiPhiOhara for the next drag superstar
he better. i'm not sacrificing honor roll for that DB
": NOW FOLLOWING #Followback! #RAVENSNATION Fan from TN!!" We got you big homie!
I'll be there. Sounds like a good one!
I didn't mean just me, right now :-) When it's healed Put that offer out there and I'd bet you'll get lots of takers. $£€¥
I fuckin love rappers that make songs and lyrics talk about some real ass shit !! #ColeWorld , #Eminem ,
1734 Frenchmen St. Is the address of the Construction site. Come out and join us
Researching for an upcoming project.
Yessir...can't wait for tomorrow!
maybe 10 years ago haha those are like VHS... it's all digital now
that's what she said RT boring! more like yawn cock
lmfao, i miss him. I swear he is so slow but so amazing.
Remember when the IC title was considered the workrate belt? Yeah, me neither anymore.
Looking forward to our shoot tonight! Almost wrapped with the beautiful Mary Lechter!
"Need a new title for my new sitcom. CBS didn't like Home game. How bout some help?" how about WINNING!
if your from #MKE you do
Hi Amy, I'm just sitting up thinkin about yall, and planing my escape back there...I'm serious...
The news I just remembered one of my old managers told me when I was working at Walmart >>> lol
Hi! Confirming 3 pm
The #Flyers look ready to play and take a quick 1-0 lead on the #Pens. Hit on Crosby shows Flyers mean business
Authors - have you used book trailers? What's your experience - good or bad? Readers - do you like book trailers?
Set up EEEPC for trip then it crashed. Took much later train, reset factory defaults, fiddled til battery ran out, now almost back in be ...
The bank account is the worst. I haven't even looked at mine in like a week. No good.
def will create engagement & develop attractive sponsorship platform or one that ups current value
What's new? Be hungry for tarragon mayo, zucchini pizza with hummus and crunch wasabi peas, fried sushi cheeseburger, carnitas egg sandwich
": when you stay unemployed to avoid paying child support"
RT : Just got charged $5751 for a cup of coffee at . Manager wasnt even apologetic when I called to report it.
Why does everyone in shaler think they r a rapper
DM would be better. If u have more than a Top 10, I'll give you my EM address, it's part of both a FB page and twitter. Thanks!
solid point. Never thought about that.
"do Romney"? Auditioning for a guest spot on 'What's Happening?' he also ALWAYS seems to have a new tan.
I love my April Challengers!! So encouraging of each other and keeping e/o motivated #loseweight #challenge Go Team!!!!
Grrr…I'm usually winning at #nikefuel and then syncs (late) again :/
i bet if they announced new targeted assassination/indefinite detention programs targeted at SLOTHS that people might actually care
12/12/12, mark you calendar RT : The state of Wisconsin is voting on a proposal for Aaron Rodger's day today?
I dislocated my finger
Maybe those sharecroppers living hardscrabble lives wouldn't have had it so shitty if they'd swallowed their pride & played regular Scrabble
Think the imprint is on hiatus; not sure if future books coming or not. If I hear anything I'll tweet it. Thanks! Do u write?
"I know why we have reservations." "I don't think you do." Classic.
"Stable to table in 7 days." racing industry axiom, no shame.
Should have 25 denk on it
In order to have wat you want you have to fight for it
The velvet lounge - Washington DC=Bangin party!!
That's because they can't get a real job !!!!!!
Awww....I got two #FF? You're a doll.
Just dawned on me I could actually call the # text message came from, but see tweets from earlier today regarding my hatred of the phone.
RT : RT : Retweet if you were a Belieber before Never Say Never came out.
but of course!
#blackfriday gettin trampled in the mall
Man, sometimes parenting is the exact opposite of fun.
working on it..thanks for the heads up
An Ollie in salute to James Van Doren, who passed away. Founder of the company that makes Vans - skateboarders shoes that became classics
Lead by Faith not by Sight -
Pacer game tonight ^_^
Thanks again for all the support at the City Council meeting this past Tuesday!!!
I know the event will be a success! Wish I could be there;-)
My cock is like a shark. It's great, it's white, it comes when you are least expecting it
may the cards be wild
- the spread is based on the horizontal stretch of formations to stress the defense in the run and pass game...
If the Bruins & the Penguins loose today....
Even as fan, I feel sorry hearing the news about Mariano Rivera & what his injury potentially means to his career. Class-act.
I really wasn't though
both tested positive, both served bans, both reinstated, not quite sure your question beyond that.
#10FacebookTips if you tend to update your status every minute, then it's time to get a Twitter.
Purpose gives birth to hope and instills the passion to act.
My mom is making me this tea with some weed, idk what it is lol
Trut confirms this in emails to me: clearly foxes not reached domestic state yet. Repro and other reasons.
Thrilled - thank you so much!!
HUNGER GAMES FANS: Don’t forget to check out our page tomorrow – where we’ll be posting HG trivia every hour!
haven't done that in a while had to do it up :-)
Heading back to Tampa in a few weeks. Should be fun. LOL
Saw lots of people walking the indoor track at Harrington today. Don't forget to sign up for MOUNT MOVES by 1/27.
Who is your favorite? Very curious!
no! I didn't even see this one I'm gonna have to look into it a little more and see what we can do
5 n the morning o well. U already knew the freaks came out at night. So wut if I'm a night person.
God Is Good
that's so sick I may be kind of jealous lol
After #Dahmertour protesters talking peacefully with customers, calmly expressing viewpoints.
My pleasure! Love my new #ULINX bracelet!
Have always loved you like a friend sitting across the kitchen table. Wishing you peace.
i followed! :D
I thought about taking notes, but I figure if not taking notes means seeing some of the levels a few extra times no big.
I always feel like if I DM either he'll never respond because he has so many, or I'll bother him :(
Latinas are the fastest growing demographic in the workplace.
nevermind its all good.
Congratulations on your new car. A new car is always very exciting. ENJOY IT!!
discourse is done in common at all levels, that's the beauty of it.
Richmond Police are in the park. Items are being confiscated. Estimated over 20 police vehicles.
Getting my license in a month, I should probably start looking for a car.
Anyone in LA have a Devi Ever fuzz I can try out? I really don't want to go to Santa Clara to check em out in person.
Welcome to Twitter ... will be happy to see you join tweeterville
Hey ! A non-profit from your hometown would love to talk w/u about a tiny project. Can you have your people call us? Will msg
We'll see who is the Dem nominee for gov in NC's primary which is only two weeks from tomorrow! Unless I decided to suspend it
Just met Jamie Eason at the gym for the 2nd time. Super stoked!
RT : A child can ask questions that a wise man cannot answer. ~Author Unknown
Thanks Shane for the re-follow; have a good night.
u mean he like page or her like actual facebook? and how do u kno its real if its her actual facebook?
Agree : Cowboys and Aliens was pretty terrible.
Cool! Did you get John Larroquette's autograph?
Just saw a "Yellow Mamba" sign ...lol too funny
everybody help trend
Bye Lance Thompson. Great guy, but seriously, why all the worry about a D line coach?
#stopanimalabuse "God made all the creaturesandgave them our loveandour fear, To give sign, we and they are His children, one family here."
Me And MoM About To Go Have Some Mother And Son Time!!! #MaMasBoy#
That should be me.....
Boys becoming men, men becoming wolves...
says, "Go Lehigh!"
FML..Fuck my brain. I'm going home.
KaylaDZ <U+2665> Welcome Home! <U+2665> Hope U had a great time.
Cool...Cool.....Thanks!!!! I think you'll like it though...Everybody that heard it so far been goin crazy
: thanks for following me.I'll follow back, have a great tuesday.
Great Pierpont University with of today! Good discussion and lots of sharing.
"If you always did what you always did, you'll always get what you've always got."
I'm missing a sock. , do you know where it is?
Great to see old friends and meet new ones last night at the Phila Am Marketing Assoc. I am excited for the upcoming season of events!
Yesterday, at work, we had an awesome mexican food potluck. I made turkey tacos, pretty standard, but yummy
Auditioning dancers for dirty ball and more projects for rest of season at point park. Great dancers here a total blast.
There is nothing I dislike more in this world than the doctor's office.
You're a good friend! :-D RT : I have followed you on, what, 18 different handles now? ;)
#MXpresidentialDebate Quadri: "this debate is the same old, polititians against each other", proposes Brazilian system of development
I'm going to kill myself thinking about it all night tho. :/
There's no food in my shitty house
Shit. Air con has gone out upstairs. It's almost 90 degrees up there.
I love you with all my fingers toes and every ounce of my blood. Haha and even more than that <U+2665>
I wear my club masters and listen to "I stand alone"
who are you?
Oh no! Very sorry, Chad, happy to refund any errant charges. Could you drop me a note in feedback at the end of your trip?
no way! that's awesome!!!!!
Just sent USD 20 to Wikipedia. What would you do if it went away ? For me the answer is... Not very much.
Things you never want to hear your co-workers say: "At least we know where the bullet wound came from."
Just realized why Facebook has seemed so meaningless and empty lately.
I will definitely catch it, will be a bit of a story here, mentioned on baseball telecast already. I would thing they would change it now
das what ma hoodie smell like lol
See you there!
I've never had bugs before. I have fun playing, but not sure I like the game community.
Special s/o to all my cousins that's graduating tonight, , , , , & <3
with good bourbon...maybe.lol
thank you Bro Goodmorning to you too :)
America Where a man can say what he thinks, if he isn't afraid of his wife, his boss, his customer, his neighbors, or the govern
It remains to be seen whether the EEOC ruling will stand up in court. It's no substitute for inclusive
Last day of tcf training :) met some pretty great people.
Happy New Year!!!!!
Sometimes you just have to! There's still time. I plan a massive push tomorrow, if I can think of anything that happens.
Great lunch sweet potatoes and Sanford & Son.
This morning, my smoke detector went off while I was in the shower. One of us can't tell the difference between smoke & steam.
How much gum is too much?
We built paved roads before everyone owned a car. You must predict future trends and fix probs before they are a prob.
Oh man! I just love rain... Not!:( need to move to a warmer place!!:)
the white M11 earloops were just released. We should get those this month. We can special order the white 7500 earloops for you.
thanks for taking the time for an interview on your big day - congrats and good luck in Cincy
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
Prof Quote of the Day "I exercised extreme librarianship."
can we just take your dads work car that pays fir gas and roadtrip downthere please omg
Gratuitous Moby Dick quote: "There is no folly of the beasts of the earth which is not infinitely outdone by the madness of men."
Are you one of the dozens of fans going to the Padres tonight?
lol- I was probably there; big fan for 20 yrs. She's a pretty consistent performer. It was a lot of fun, excellent food at venue.
Thanks to Joe's Tech Theater class for decking the halls today! The magic isn't just on the stage at Gemini!
Okay I seriously need to do my homework even though I really don't want to. Is anyone good at math? If so please hmu I need help, thanks :)
even that greatest is not perfect
Speaker by the log flume is playing nonstop Very real possibility I won't move from this spot all afternoon.
New Follower Yay!!!
DEV, NYC's New Seed Fund For Digital Media Startups, Announces First Investments - TechCrunch
"The Bull" Alvarez is getting me excited with the way he's swinging it lately. Another bomb in St. Louis for his 6th of the season.
saw it a midnight screening dude. No way I was missing it.
Our most popular products are now available in 17 Holiday fragrances. Rejuvenate your skin with the Midwest Bath Salt Company.
It's Easter! If someone never goes-they go then.
OMG ITS
No, lol Kansas doesn't have much of a music seen. I mostly travel in the Midwest.
going to see Lane Kiffin, John Robinson and Pat Haden speak in San Francisco tonight. Hopefully they actually say something interesting.
my flat butt will never be in velvet brown pants on a treadmill, or in real life. oh you asian cuties yahoo cuttteeee.
What a fabulous holiday weekend with my peeps and Kelsey Jo! Its been a blast!!!!
Wass good young hoe; you about it.
In case #ThankYouRachael trends I want my tweets to be up there! #DC #shamelessselfpromo ;)
The eyes will see what you want to see and the ears will hear what you want to hear but the heart feels what is real:~}
LMAO!!! RT : I swear Matt Barnes is El DeBarge's secret son...
I just ran 345 feet at a time of 7:43:08 using Run Keeper, Nike-Something and GPS.
One has to embrace the world like a lover, and yet demand no easy return of love
another good choice would be our Glam Lipstick in 'Red Carpet'!
A job posting crossed my desk today that had the requirement for a potential candidate to "receive 10 or more pokes per day." Really? -__-
Where is my elephant ring? I lost my elephant ring. And now it's all I want to wear.
But even a Macguffin can have significance.
you know how i di
Today I sat in a chair and stapled my shoe back together at work.
Savoring THE VAULT by the amazing Ruth Rendell. Reg Wexford rules, even in retirement.
Gabe - Tim Williams, and I are truly sorry that the ruined the Fenway 100th last night
It'll be later in April...and we'll dish about it soon! PROMISE! So excited to have you!
miss u guys already and kyle =) lol
Good for you, Nori! You're moving ahead and quickly! I wish you the best! Have a great evening!
I got it off their Facebook it's 1-866-645-9100(:
Dieting is a long-term project. The slow-steady process works!
|#quotes Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
At least this weekend is supposed to be nice.
what's the dates of the album release party? I'll keep posting for ya!
I think you'll get a login when reg table opens up, I think.
So Matt jus called me big daddy jus for a chair
When are they pushing around the margarita cart? :)
I know ur excited but live in the moment! Enjoy ur last few days bc I promise 1 day ul wish u cld go back! :) live it up!
If You Know Better, You'll Do Better..!!
- would love for Philly to whoop the B's. Danny B is still the man.
Anger accomplishes nothing but to inflict pain on a defenselss person demands a reaction and anger comes to you.
I meant....lol...what class are you gonna roll?! Lol
Facebook was just starting as a media the last time I was on the air. It sure is the new radio pacifier.
If you LOVE #XFactor we have one hour until the results. I'll follow everyone who follows me.
Feeling under the weather, but looking forward to today's opportunities.
lol did u want it??
island of the blue dolphins is more girly and still islandy.
Happy new year suck it is every one ok .
Steven a just put on a "I heart " shirt … I never thought I'd see the day
Exciting! I never win anything. I would have personally gone for the Bacon, but anticipated the market to demand Rothko. Bingo.
I feel fat.
(c) wht time it was going to be and then they are going to to an interview with fly 92.3..they said sometime in(c)
coo just let me know whats up
Great Review! Always thought these guys never got the cred that they Deserved!
Not for nothing but shouldn't cyclists have to register their bikes and putting money towards bike lanes, instead of drivers/walkers.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet most of my followers.
gonna get on that g-code status cuhh.
Pretty sure I just saw a cop that was running radar n she was sleeping instead...
I am probably the only person on the planet that would get excited about a junky flip phone.
just saw "Good Deeds" I LOVED IT. Thank u for ur thoughtfulness both on camera & off! You inspire me!
Thank u. how are you?
“Building a design culture” Brad Colbow,
The Raid: Redemption. Stop what you're doing and go see it now. Now that's how you off people!
Who's here?? Tweet me :D
Ever had one of those moments when you discover you've been listening to the same song on repeat, but have no idea how long it's been plyng?
Snell Library will be offering FREE MASSAGES in the lobby on Dec 12th & 13th from 12-2pm to help relieve stress from finals!
I found out he just produced Beyonce's new CD...A guy told my dad last night!
Everyone's PREGNANT !
Sitting in burger king with alannis and jazmyn.
haha I'm good G! Just working wsup with you tho...you still playing ball?
I'll say it again: it seems pure crazy that a bit.ly link copied from Twitter is automagically converted to t.co on copy-and-paste.
i wish i could just sleep all today .. but whatever its worth the $$
#69Factsaboutme 19. I want snake bites.
Jeff Weaver's brother just threw a no-hitter..
60 followers away from 500! Thanks for following, but I think we can get there soon! Spread the word! :)
"And when its over and its done, you almost wish you could you could have the bad stuff back, so that you could have the good too."
amazing speech! He's invigorated and in it to win it!!
Wake up all you baby sleepy heads
Off to for Learning & Libations (aka networking :)
Can't wait until Wednesday.
RT : Q2) we will learn from the learners because they can finally share their ideas
oh, those duodecimos are for me!
nothing like a #pizza and a beer to help you unwind after a long week. see you soon!
Yesterday was the perfect Austream lol. It was hilarious.
i guess they're trying to say they're renegades of the food biz... but they're prolly just fat
Hey Is anyone getting Pay vid's/ and the 7 Phone Ad?
always! And you're pretty great too. :)
If anyone buys Hungry Catepillar for a kid, I guarantee that kid already has 5 copies. It's some kind of recursive paradox.
& saggy pants & coolness: apt metaphor for our future attitude as a profession?
jealous as HELL!!!
I wanna go home!!!
that's not my name...
New Follower hey boy hey
I picked your two favorite (to look at) golfers this week
Talk is cheap blahh
I'm way too sober to deal with this many people singing Sweet Caroline outside my window all night.
I wonder do my ex ever think about me even though I shouldn't think about it
Following to get to know you.
doing great!!! How and where are you? I'm doing Pearl Fishers in Detroit right now :)
Been reading a lot of "Highlights"?
I never break our or get pimples thank god.
Woody and John are turning 22 this week!
We are endorsing Maurice Classen for Seattle City Council pos. 1. Adjourned. Thanks for following!
Last time we lost game 1, we won the rest. Oh look...
Good morning. I'm an analog man trapped in a digital world. Smh
me *raises hand*
Did you get your record signed? #CharlesBradley = super-nice guy!
Terrified for 1140am tomorrow
Thanks! I'm actually feeling much better now!
i shouldve been born in the UK
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US. #MahomiesAreFamily #BigFamily <3. 16
You can't usually get a retroactive injunction (just damages), and workarounds can help prevent a future one.
yes!! It's really exciting I'll give you all the details on our 6 hour plane ride to LAS VEGAS in 3 days!!!
Thank you
thanks Chris. Hope you enjoyed the review!
only problem w/ comments re #Castro is that #Cubans in #Miami have money.
Completely with you on this!! Loving yourself is the first step to attaining a healthy body...
Want to try a new cabin cocktail try the Ginger Screwdriver. An alternative to a bloody mary.. it's the new morning cocktail!
Emotional roller coasters<<
Record numbers flock to play in UAE Golf Clubs in the United Arab Emirates have been celebrating the increasing popularity of the sport i
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 22
I agree! It was predictable until the end which I loved! Also really annoyed with the love thing. It's weird
We'll be at this Tuesday.... Hope to see some of you there!
People are so sketchy. Bleg.
This is starting to get weird..
If love isn't a game, why are there so many players?!?! --- The INSANE Cousins
words and suffer noble sorrows.
Thank you for helping make #nycwff so great this year!
& the best #xmas gift would be if #Pottermore was open to the public
I always say the worst enemy is yourself.
Massive Attack <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3>
<U+266B>Corner Story<U+266B>
I've activated that code again as well! Let us know if you still have trouble finding it!
Fringe fringe fringe fringe fringe fringe fringe fringe.
that would be awkward O_o and hilarious
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 29
UPDATE: I have now fired as my spiritual advisor & agent and hired MY DUUDE What up famo!
cant you come after world of fun?
Day gone by, and what do I have to show for it? Too few emails sent and one Apps Script written.
He was protesting what he says is a corrupt BCS system of selecting the teams.
Haters will hate but that gives you strength
or whatever you wanna call it. Haha so at school today in everyone of my classes we pretty much did nothing but watch the tournament on tv
S/O to & for following. whats new guys?
That's 121% true!(:
Walking on flat ground and still managing to trip.
No weapon formed against me shall prosper
thought: Taxes, are the dues that we pay for the privileges of membership in an organized society. -Roosevelt, Franklin D. ...
Thanks for the #FF, We love your twitter feed, as well. Keep the good stuff coming.
I need some new sunglasses...I'll wear then during the day and at night!
Pretty sure my dog is going to give birth sometime tonight. Ah, new puppies & I get to keep one! :)
oh, no! Is it because of all the closing Mass ave. business?
Small business in Albuquerque is getting a boost at the South Valley Economic Development Center and their Open House today - 2-5pm
christmas is almost here, you know what that means. BIITTCCHHHEESSS. i mean presents, i had my holidays mixed up.
Silent mute button, Inadvertently switched to Dev/nul, still functions
Pay day >>> #MakingMoney!
I'm daring enough to go to SHA, foolish enough to be presenting, what's the dress code, just out of curiosity? Jeans & nice shirt?
#YouKnowItsOn when i close and lock the door(;
yea, me too! i don't know what I will do without music. rain on me by pitbull and marc anthony
Happy birthday
Who are these people, and why do they keep sending me email?
Lexi, Cousin Kayleigh, & I are belting out "We Are Young" , you'd be so proud :)
I'm impressed with what the Browns did last night.....so far I grade them "B". At least they didn't fuck it up.
that is amazing!! where is this?
Nestl&amp;eacute; Purina voluntarily recalls single lot of therapeutic canned cat food Analytical testing of the product sample indicated
awesome!! :) :) It's so nice to find #GF options at great restaurants, isn't it!? :) Have a happy week :)
I want some ice cream tho
And our last bonus point is: share your favorite adventure from our Savor South Madison Scavenger Hunt!
I will! and thank you but you are so much prettier (:
What a romantic idea. Love it. : HTML is the DNA of the web. via
If you live in the twin cites and aren't reading streets.mn, you should.
That makes two of us.
<======= This niggah rite here, is high af at the moment.
angry birds. E got me hooked.
HEY your future husbands are right here.
Ha! RT Two quarters of SuperBowl and the strongest performer is Madonna...
An already stellar evening, turbocharged by the fantastic appearance of Jeru the Damaja.
#Twitter is less complicated from my #android. Thank you app maker.
yes, state officials can be prosecuted by ICC. under int. law diplomatic immunity can't be claimed as an excuse for war crimes
County computer upgrade temporarily shuts down bookings, courts information - Herald Zeitung
Sitting in the city bored..
Same here! Hustlin hard and laughing at the hurdles ;-P
not too bad, just hopped into bed. And you?
When leaders have proved unwilling or unable to defend the public interest a social movement becomes vitally important."...
Just watched a crow with white wing feathers fly past my window.
you know who he is right :P lol ?
-grilled chicky salad w/ balsamic & gorgonzola @ Sammy's. Delish!
Right on. We'll look forward to meeting you!
I have all the Glee songs :,)
Shawty got a donk, call her Vince Carter.
I've never been to a lakers game though
nicely done
If I could just spend 5 minutes with my life would be complete <3
Gym yesterday, hike in #GriffithPark today...yeah, I'm good and ready to hurt myself at somebody's table.
omg I know. So much happened so fast I think I can write a book on multiples. wants me to start a blog
Can I get a what what?!
I have by far THE WEIRDEST phone conversations with
Here's our first tweet! Enjoy!
So far Browns have best pics in draft through first round.
. any actual living and breathing continental philosopher and not a cross-dressing ordinary analytic
Judge asks #Huguely defense for a doctor's note about illness causing delays.
Rob one of my biggest dreams it to talk to you so will you follow me and just like say hey or somethin please
Bob Taylor liked the film! Spent a fantastic day and night with Bob.
So the show #Awkward was a smash. And the show #SMASH is awkward.
Finally finished editing photos in my shop. Though I might need to retake some. You can see 3 styles from 3 apts in 3 states.
might not go to school today
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: It is a luxury to be able to play poker. Always see it as the luxury it is and do not feel entitled to anything.
Omg christian and kyle. That just made my day hahhahahahahah
GOT some beats for u to rock on ,,,ima rowl in qv some time this week with majestic ill holla when i touch base bruh
Just fired you a email. Hit me back when you have time.
"I'll have a mediumly regular." -me trying to order coffee this morning #caseofthemondays things haven't really improved..
1st degree murder is (1) an unlawful killing (2) of a human being (3) intentionally (4) by another person (5) with malice.
I hope you saw my tweet :) We <U+2665> you Juliann!
Why are you singing watches? I am confused. What are they for? Please answer :)
Game day at BRCC is Saturday at BRCC! Be there! Women at 1 and men play at 3!!
"If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original." --Sir Ken Robinson
Thanks! Such a wonderful compliment. The paper has a lot more than the talk esp about how one might approach this. Love to talk more.
lets do hard shit today. =)O
Sabres on a roll!!!
Wedding Planning Ideas Which are Easy To Carry out by baliwedding
The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth! So help me!!!!!!
and vice versa.
I hate when people tweet stuff like "If this gets 50 RTs Gagas flawless" Well is flawless no matter how many RTs ur tweet gets
are you getting excited for your shower this weekend? Can't wait!! Wedding is right aroung the corner!
Switch btw map view and satt view on Google Maps. Map shows prop lines, satt shows sidewalk. Prop line is further back.
Spring2012 Enrollment begins today for Graduate, Medical, and 3rd & 4th yr professional students. See student ctr for your exact appointment
Watch! Your thoughtsbecome words. Words become actions. Actions become habits. Habits become character. Character becomes your destiny.
It's been a long time since I slapped anybody. I did get into some fights in middle/highschool. None of them were fun or gratifying.
Don't you just love when you show 9 year olds a YouTube video and they can't stop quoting it all day -.-
email them, they are surprisingly nice and responsive. maybe you ran out?
Great weekend at The Swelling goes 3-1. Next year we play on Sunday...
Woot! Thanks, Kevin, for yet another fun visit!
with beamy in the car shop,m trying to get her all fixed ):
just got in da crib cuz.
in the army and in Memphis baha
Snowing hard in Westchester NY. My 3-year old son is over the moon with delight. Hard to be crabby like I would have been any other year.
Can't build a title team around McGee. No way RT Should the Nuggets pay big money to keep JaVale McGee? I say yes. Your thoughts?
Miss the #NASCAR favorites of my youth, Davey Allison and Alan Kulwicki
What's up guys? If you haven't heard, is now playing guitar for D1C. Give him a follow and tell him he's handsome. RT RT RT
Duhh now i can harass you here two
I swear I hate these niggas out here. I fucking promise you I do.
i LOVE it there!!!!!
Let's do it!
for school???
Happy Founder's Day
I love my boots. thanks for helping me make the right choice.
WOW. You could have gone faster on your board.
dude that movie is amazing. Its all insanely true and all insanely awesome
Trust issues.
“Only when I'm dancing can I feel this free.” -Madonna
Great pic! Love the warm sunny color.
Gotta go thru this all over again..ugh
it just screamed YOU!
Need to make sure that Dolphins don't win division and NE/NYJ get wild cards. NE win eliminates MIA from division winning.
that's so crazy; i had asked MLA what the tag would be and no one ever responded. metadata chaos!
Open Mic Tonight @ Texas Mist on 183 (Near Callahans & Landing Strip) (South Austin)
It is time to #boycott ! They support #ALEC & its voter suppression bills, Kill-at-Will laws, and other nasty laws!
Life, health, clarity of mind, family and friends!
that vid gona pop; i dont give two fuc*s about who say what broo!
A huge thank you to Joe Hamel for his contribution to Voodoo Macbeth- Staged Reading!
- Cooking Bacon ( Which i Hate ) & Eggs For The Kiddos .
well ima need you to change that then lol
I think we got it man. I'm always nervous but I feel REALLY good about this year!
Beats, Rhymes, & Life: The Travels of a Tribe Called Quest will be playing at the Ford Amphitheater this Friday at 8:30PM!
searching for this shit .
My dog got a LONG dick!!!! Lmfaooo!!!!!
I'd rather be a person not known at all than to be known for someone I am not.
So.over.the.dentist ouch! I mean ----
I will buy you some Lulu's Thai food in Kansas City when you make it out here.
His father earned the bronze star; Mr. Collins never served.
If asked to describe yourself in a few words just refer to your most recent Google searches."What is Pinterest, Mega millions, Famous slave"
Crock Pot Trio Sweepstakes was a success! Now wondering what our next giveaway should be?
I love you too babe!!
Oh my GOD this is the best lemon bar I've ever had!
#FF Awesome #genealogy resources and authors
Not right now, but we'll let you know!
ya ok uh
lazy.butt.idis luckily I don't suffer from this...
Fake Skype account messages are appearing again in e-mail. Don't open any links in the messages and delete it.
Waaah. My baby is an adult. Baccalaureate is over...Senior Night, graduation party and Graduation left to go.
:) So fun to hang out as always.
uh oh thats going to be one happy fan lol
Tillett identifies Chief Adversaries: nationalists, crime rings, malicious insiders, and hacktivists.
Apple cinnamon oatmeal it the best!!
This weekend is going to be crazy ! Birthdays tomorrow !!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
One hour until the Sherman Oaks Farmers' Market! :) Please join us from 3 pm until 8 pm behind the mall on Riverside Drive! See you there!
everyones throwing up gang signs lol
their logo is too intense
Lunch meeting with margaritas = my kind of meeting
Mentions = Dead. HMU.
That awkward moment when your laughing to yourself and someone sees you.
That's a very sweet thing to do for ur followers! Congratulations to u and ur amazing girl Brenda! I'm a big fan! Peace<U+E011>
My bitch make your bitch look like precious.
Thanks for the follow!
You hate your life, while some people are dreaming of having your life.
Did you know that Governor Ritter proclaimed May as Colorado Golf Month! So let's get out and golf!
Whose gonna stop me? And I called you!
I think that puts Ryan up 3-1, right? Crap.
Are they trying to mansplain stuff to you? Ugh. :(
US Muslims need to pick a side. If you are not with us then you are against us. If you don't like us, then leave.
talking about "me so horny!
To date, save for our in-house Editorial Assistant/Archive guy, guest posts on the Archive blog have all been voluntary.
#JobsDrakeHadBeforeBecomingARapper DEGRASSI BITCH!
Installed iOS 5 on my phone last night without backing up my apps and now, all of my games have completely reset!!! I need an angrier font!
Love this!! “: Q4 a bicycle! Your helping the environment and getting exercise at the same time! #OneSmallAct”
That's funny. My ny friends all seem to be complaining about the soupy weather today.
autonomy was the project that got Adam and Eve kicked out of the garden...not a gift God gave them.
$55 to fill up my gas tank! Ah!!!! I screamed like a little girl. Good god.
it wont come until like, june. i told you. lol
vlad was a solid brand with a solid base. Good character w a good platform.
#dhtrial judge took d atty inside chambers. Separate from abc atty woman. (Asked that she stay out)
Crowd just did a deafening chant: WE WANT STEVE!
GOOD ONE !
": The first period has ended with the Blues and Kings tied 1-1. The Blues outshot the Kings 13-11. #bluesplayoffs"
I need a haircut so bad!
Thanks for the follow! It was gr8 working w/ y'all in #24HourTheatreProject yesterday. Hope we get 2 do it again!
Two more minutes before lightning talks!
Tornado! Oh no, Auntie Em!
You can usually import it into Access and export it back out as CSV. And then get a large, tall glass of something heavily alcoholic
Nice work Cano! #hrderby he put on a good show!
Get ready, Chris Forsberg from ESPN Boston is coming on up.
He's such a buttmuncher/ imma tell ya ONE TIME
putting it back in lol....I just wanted to see how much it grown that's all
RE: George Bush on meth...bwahahahaa...!!
Yo you should DM with details on how to get on your radio station! check us out here... Soundcloud.com/iamforyou
I have a case of SPRING BREAK fever and its bad!
Ready for tonight. Can't wait to go to Camden Yards tonight, and watch the best team in baseball (at the moment).
come on man with aj gone I'm gonna need a cool buddy here. Drob is such a goody goody and swish is just weird.
which will be NEVER Puss Cake !!! Have the courage to TALK a different girl!!!! (-;
Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.s
Go #Follow my ninja
Horrible play calling for 1st n goal series...could cost us!
#AGirlDeserves a dump on her chest
Of course! Stop in and see us, or kustomthrills.com and fill out a tattoo request form!
Yeah Touchdown! #touchdowny !
RT If you only ever give 90% in training then you will only ever give 90% when it matters. -Michael Owen
...just checked in to My life is complete. #BreakfastRoseBurger, here I come.
Not ready for school!
in a boxing match you're right, I don't doubt that...but in a good old fashion cage match, I'll take him out on the ground
Parents use cellphones as an "electronic leash" for their children
Shit I just had to eat some celery ": Lol! I feel ya girl, fridge raiding as I type :-P"
haha I know!!
I love living on the beach<3
Is it possible to be in a relationship without other guys hating on the relationship. Like seriously get a life. Please and thank you.
Okay so what you wanted to talk to me about.? RT : well I was mad N bored
what more can u ask for its friday. you made it through the week
Trying to push data back to the DB via CakePHP Ajax web service - please help!!
New Bordellos!!(:
Strange people at the bus stop .
I believe you. I just misheard (or they misspoke). Likely the former.
Which tent will you live in, discon-tent or con-tent-ment?
great song lol
I miss ya too! I haven't seen you since the concert which was a bajillion years ago!!
Wishing everyone a fabulous Easter weekend!
I just got the best phone call ever from my nephew...
I wouldn't want to wash their uniforms. Stinky!
Working on some new stuff for the site!
You know why i have #trustissues but yet and still you do the shit that makes me paranoid
What would I do without you...
Having withdrawals without my laptop today... :-/
This song save my life :)
Wait. Spurs play the Warriors next...RJ!!
for sure. also, that was the first game after they traded for Fister. id say it was a pretty good weekend.
Seeing you yesterday just makes me miss everything we had... i know it's not worth wishing though
is there any ecommerce system you're using? We have worked with a lot of other non-profits to improve their organization!
I use Pinterest just for fun, but I know designers who use it to share images/foster collaboration
My handwriting always looks awful compared to everyone else's.
Sorry for the tormenting, just want to make sure had something to look forward to! See you Friday/Saturday I hope?
mumford and sons <U+2665> >>
Hi! I started when I was 4 in theater productions!! I'm in Houston but work in Austin San Antonio, mostly in the Texas area!
you've inspired me to rewrite my own
Try our Dreamy Chocolate Cake Special. Order today and enjoy it for tomorrow at the office!
Sitting in the hall is so relaxing.
Justin Bieber:Never Say Never
Do your hobbies include playing video games? If they do, then you probably play a lot of them
btw, w/ me having a place in LA. We can have BErrinchudas Brunch at my place, and draw sharpie brows on ourselves too.
me too. the wildcat is all bullshit. ask
do you make children drop their ice cream? :3 <-Kelsey xoxo>
They're all closed! D:
Well...I'm alive but need 2 repent 4 my choice of words when I thought we were making our decent towards death;) Thanks everyone 4 praying!
Ur Very welcome. Contact us @ & become part of our soon to release mobile guide app. Offer promotions
So tired from track today lol<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> great day td
OMG I MISS YOU TOO!
Lots of nibbles at #bonfoster2012 tonight....and the food is pretty good, too:) Congratulations to everyone at !
how do u handle so many rude comments all day? Props to u girlie.
On my way to get my braces off! Been waiting for this day for forever!
your optimism about this makes me want to vomit
Thanks! I appreciate it! (:
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
I just noticed Larry King don't even have a twitter pg @ LarryKing wow he needs to get with the time no wonder L for? lol
not really. Too tired;
Know what's crazy? How much I love being called "Monster." Capital M. Yeah, I dig it. Thanks. <3
Content delivery networks are youtube-like channels that can offer more security (not free). They also tunnel videos to youtube.
it's simple. For some, the rules of the game always changes when it hits close to home.
Yes, me too! Thank you!
IMO, no, As much as you love Aubrey, it is an experience to love another pet. When it is time that will/might happen.
u still hearin da peer pressure 4 u 2 play n NY?
": How bout dem G-Men???" So excited for ! What a game!
s/o to for having good taste RT Shout out to ! I checked out your sweaters and they're UNREAL.
Flash deal - Check-in with #4sq and receive a special surprise - only today in Coral Gables
Judge Alex ain't playing!!!!
Design Research Conference isn't over yet, but my head is buzzing with ideas. Very interesting data talks this morning.
I'll confess, I'm not trying very hard.
Remember, the greatest use of a life is to spend it on something that outlasts it
Beware of false prophets which come to you with rocketmail accounts.
Yes. Good for you.
Dominos b4 wrk my moms LOVES ME!!!
happy Jonas day <3
This woman tried to tell me my boarding nmbr doesn't matter. Bitch yes it does! I'm on before you now move!
Mixed feelings <
Patriots won the super bowl when Charlie Weis left to ND and Romeo Crennel left to Cleveland. Shouldnt make a difference if your the best.
My biggest comeback wins...from 15 down in racquetball and 11 down in 2on2 playground basketball. I feel you BYU!
Omg! Lmao!! ": Lmao y'all know about the church finger"
Where's the inciting incident in Groundhog Day? When he wakes up and its still Groundhog Day? That's page 25!
Dex: Social networking is like a club. Twitter is the dance floor, tumblr is the bar and facebook is the people crying in the toilets.
Are you after any of the Marni x H&M necklaces? I saw and thought of you!
Guilty as charged. So far, so good. Thanks! Howz U?
At the #AWIDforum, discussing the main contributions of feminist economics - value of equity & recognizing unpaid & domestic work
u not fxckin wit it?
every month something big happens with my music, I'm ready for next month. ticket giveaway on tuesday! new songs soon
The amount of tootsie pop wrappers in my backpack haha
So sore from zumba last night!!! But still can't wait to go back today! 1 hour count down!!!!!
so am I! (and I suspect a few others) ;-)
Even Ike Turner and Joe Jackson are jealous of this beating.
Good morning session, the boys had some fun in the Oxy Gauntlet
NEWBURY STREET: Who's got Beantown fever?! We do and we're serving up brand new BOSTON CREAM PIE frozen yogurt to celebrate!
I LOVE my backround!!!!!!!
my pleasure!
man we are good at taking test in math lol xD!
Also if counseling or individual therapy is available to you as a friend, that can help you figure how best to help. Skills etc.
I want soup. French Onion.
I picked some up at target and they are not too shabby. Will have to try the WS.
Oh man! That was my afternoon pick me up.
twitter jail for the second time lol
Armgard von Reden #EUdpconf "Safe harbor agreement now a teenager, & like teenager needs lots of tender loving care & $$$." Great analogy
Have you tried our new our new sorbet???? It is done with our signature prosecco and blood orange!
suck my weiner im not jealous!(;
Haha that's one way to look at it! ;)
Sorry to hear that. But if you ever post any of the photos, please ping me.
happy birthday!!!
#Bvlgari, #Tiffany's ;)
When post st patty's day results in only a few bruises and a broken nail i would call the night a sucess
What the hell is going on at Macys in downtown Minneapolis today? Live music and Brazlian babes and beefcakes posing on platforms!
I'm absolutely loving Twitter right now to be able to keep up with what's happening in Brazil right now! History in the making...
Someone needs to escort this guy...yes you in the pink dress shirt...back to his hotel. Too much alcohol
come join us on recruithighschool.com it's free post highlight tapes and photos for free get exposure to college coaches
I'm going for a brief footy session. When j get back hope to see 125 followers.
Thanks for following!
he gone make get his bro haha
How Are you? Enjoying the weather in Miami yet?
The #Wings are so good at everything, they even lose better than any other team! Now 6-0.
I want in girls!
'A real man doesn't make his lady jealous of other women, he makes other women jealous of his lady"....love this
you are such an amazing actress keep it up!!
I wanna stay in my warm bed ah
thanks for the follow! have you checked out our music yet?:)
at circ de sol le OVO but following the hawks #Allin. Let's go boys
So much love to give.
just got my hair shaved o_O
Can't take #IUbb right now. I'm switching to Adam Levine, I mean
that parquet floor looks really good!
Music to database artifacts by: Easing into the week with a little Billie Holiday, Chet Baker & Dr. John.
shut up shan! && where the hell is Jasmine?
I beez in the trap
Maybe that was Edward's pet name for Hunter. You know, something he called her to help set the mood.
Thanks for the suggestion!
indeed u did ! i saw it.. whenever u gave it back to me .. smh at u !
Off my twitter hiatus and now outta pocket. Scrolled down to tweets like 10 hours ago. RTing random stuff.
The Vow <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> The Lucky One<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
always good to hear about Whit and the boys!
thanks! :-D
Melanoma is the most common form of cancer for young adults 25-29 years old
How Do You Decide How Much To Put In Your 401K? Any Ideas?
My mother was very unhappy the teacher was encouraging us to read harlequin romances and so I read a pulp mystery instead.
Hey and , we r 6-0! Can we please have a shirt sponsor now?
lol they don't know nothing about the alley!!
The Hippo song is coming up just before noon! - Theresa
Thanks for the retweet! Hope to see you there! :)
- Love the Rottie puppies on your Twitter background!
Just saw your comments about Snooki, hilarious! And your Grandma sounds like someone I'd hang out with, lol.
keep spending your time worrying about the yanks enjoy the playoffs bro ALCS starts sat nite in the BRONX
i love you and you inspired me to keep on dancing. I will always be a fan and Be ICONic can you please follow me?
one of the worst ways to hit on someone is asking "how can someone so beautiful be single?"
welcome to the blogger group!
TOGETHER WE CAN. SHOOT THE MOON, STOP THE RAIN, EVEN RIDE A HURRICANE. staaahp it Cheetah Girls.
Very interesting to see Hoopla demo today. Apparently they're looking at a per download/use model.
#thingsicantstand when people say they like 2 mins away and really take like 15-20 minutes
over-excessive (yes) but they look pretty nice lol
Change the way u think & u change the way u feel
Ric puts the black people in the back of deshas when he seats them.
Your weird and I'm weird..wanna be friends?(:
u inflated cake
About 40% are *depressed* about climate change--think we won't or can't do anything about it, so not worth trying.
Aww we're cute ;)
Oh I can hear them playing
how so?
Ju Only Lib Once LMFAO RT“: J O L O”
they also removed Duty, Honor, and Courage
you're beautiful.
Top fielding percentage in both Leagues for a pitcher?
I hate stupidity. That's just something I can't tolerate..
she never said in the story that the service was bad. She just said she didn't want to tip
the best writers goes to , AllTimeNutella and 1Donlyyouu .
Now it's just iPads. Thx for edits!
About to explode on a new canvas! Everything is perfect, listening to #Muse, drinking wine, having a blast. #painting #abstract, pics soon!
perfect! Let's do something this weekend please! Something exciting!
Great tip: "Don't eat anything your great-grandmother wouldn't recognize as food"
Killer oysters tonight at Jax, among other things... ;-)
Don't judge a book by its cover. I know several male dancers, and they are all dedicated and respectful. Don't start this.
commencent keynote address fail
#Youwannaimpressme don't assume I sleep in a coffin? It would take 20 coffins just to hold my designer v-necks.
History Channel. #USA #1 Boom
Wont save ya no extra RT : Eat ya girl up fa breakfast
Happy Mother's Day!
broke my hand in the last fucking game of the season... played through it..then got the cast put on
OI OI OI you were freakin funny friday u gotta take that funny to New Zealand!!
Waiting for my truck to be done...The Auto Clinic is the best!
thx for the rt (sorry, forgot about leaving rm). Cheers.
Much love to Chicago Jazz Ensemble and Nicholas Payton. great performing with you tonite
is slower than molasses a time?
we have new snapbacks on there. Tanks coming shortly
6 services in 18 hours! 2 down 4 to go. Please pray for me - my voice needs strength.
Just left an informative meeting with the Hotel Guru, Bob Rauch.
Hey I love that your ukulele is twitter.
Watching sandlot and thinking about how good is Gunna do on her final good luck pumpkin <U+E418>
Ha, I'm not sure excited is the word, but he definitely gets more engaged and knows what he wants to say.
you're welcome!
You can't fuck wit the #Bulls bitches!!!
#NoManShouldEver criticize before fully understanding
Just refilled my brita while making dinner tonight.
What a great evening in with and others in 70° breeze at Let us repeat.
I gave him a cracker, humph! And he had a can of sirloin steak dog food.
Free U-Swirl for our Foursquare mayors today for Mayor Monday! Not a mayor? No problem, you can still get 10% off by checking in to U-Swirl.
lol super bored.
5,000 word strategic comm paper on and their commericals = done! fingers crossed for an A.
Connector away from Charlotte!
Air conditioning Restaurant Refrigeration Services 617-792-3350 Boston
Shame on you! Shitty beer has been like a brother to you! RT I take a stand against shitty beer..I'm done
RT : Value-added modeling 2 evaluate teachers: right direction, but still need 2 look @ big picture - quality & approach-...
I don't really know. Lol I'm getting jj lyrics on my arch though. Its gonna be cute.
sad to hear of the passing of MCA. Gonna be missed RIP!
damn - I thought you meant in Chicago... didn't realize you were in Boston. That doesn't help me at all.
William Hill Having Tough Time Getting Nevada License: Under Intense Scrutiny
RT : Ed: "Do you know this pastor?" Jesse Jackson: "No, I've never heard of him before." LOL. Classic, subtle backhand...
nice new pic
There's no Special reason for this msg, I juz wanna steal a single moment out of ur busy life & hope I can make u smile n say: I Miss U.
Anytime, great night!
Can Corey Hart be shipped to an electro-shock therapy treatment center to lay off the down-and-away breaking ball?
It's better 2 walk a mile alone than 2 be tripped at the finish line by 2 or 3. But if You should fall get up & finish~ Stacey Chatman
i wanna see 21 jump street(:
yes please (:
Anyone want a video? (: i'm making them right now.
khloe and lamar are so cute.
when's ur new album coming out?
The Bill Cospanini Show
wow thanx so much!
RT : What an amazing piece on Steve Gleason.
Looking forward to Andrew Garfield playing in the upcoming New York Observer biopic, "Salmon"
Always give without remembering and always receive without forgetting. Brian Tracy
I just seen the gayest straight Guy ever!!!
Love this: "DISCOVERY" RT : reiterates the shift from search to discovery shared in emerging trends
god morning to you too! Kool-aid makes drinking water fun (and is much better than a pickleback, lol)
Beautiful 3pointer from Kobe!!!
You don't like them disses, give my ass some kisses (:
thanks, I'm just now seeing this
why do u not care for Childress? I know you mentioned specifically as HC but was it him personally ?
This is the strangest ballot I've ever seen. If I vote no on 26-130, will there be an influx of sideshows?
I love what you do for people
You wanna play games ? Oh, I got yo number all right. Fine. I'll call a true friend like RoxDan. Giving me the bitch button, plz! ;)
Welcome back Alex Gonzales to the #Brewers Tuesday--INF Eric Farris back to A Nashville Starting a 9-game homestand
Good night (:
I'd prefer to run the #13.1 with the sun out. #Running is always better when it is sunning out...wah wah Charlie Brown.
New Year's SUPER SALE! Book this week and save 75% off any event in January or February!!! This week only!!!
nice! But
make sense for the current environment. It's not built for mental health.
I KNOW!!! Be back at the end of May... We'll burn it down then! RT “: rockin Charlotte. How are u not here?”
got you bro!
that's the damn truth. do good work. connect at the heart. tell the story that matters. watch brand grow.
Now, that's a bummer we can identify with!
Junior Seau was always one of my favorite Backyard Football players
The real revolution is information, not the device. 2 things 2 do w/devices: information or communication. Alan November
Possibly just ate my weight in chips and salsa.
#Computer stuff we found funny in 1995: Computers are not intelligent; they only think they are. / File Not Found - should I fake it?
Men are slower to recognize blessings than misfortunes.
Might not be the same for you, but for me there are few phrases more cringeworthy than "discerning hipster." Probably because I'm neither.
we now live in a provincial society of lynch mobs w iPhones
yeah for other fat cats and not for the people of USA but maybe for countries overseas
So who coming out the West now?.
Someone said to me, "You're too pretty to be single." I said, "No, I'm too pretty to be lied to, cheated on, and played with."
#HungerGames = Best movie in the world ! <U+2665><U+2665>
too bad you're not on this season of fringe! Last Fridays episode was AMAZING!!!
hey i know u and why do u say that?
First amendments would clarify that religious organizations are exempt from bill
Damn, my biggest fear is losing it all..
You can wipe off make up, but you can't wipe off confidence.
Tucker misses FG wide right. (Hey, better today than on Thanksgiving.)
Next Friday
I'm pretty sure the only time I've really listened to them was with your wife.
My list of ppl imma work with from Pittsburgh gets shorter everyday...these niggas are phonies
Got my graphics thing handled. Thanks.
Amile Jefferson (2012) says that he'll hopefully have a decision by next week.
Boston looks unstoppable.
Hey Ash. Seen the movie yet? How was it? Was it awesome? Hahaa too many questions.
In bed before 9pm? I think so!
"if u can't feed yur baby!Then don't have a baby!!!l
RT I will be there for opening night!!!
Did a semi trial run today of what life will be like on the Fruit Feast in a couple of weeks. The world does not need me that hyper.
Puzzled by argument that marginalization of military history began in 60s. Evident in early manifestos for professional history.
alright then. You should go earlier to school so you can get things done.faster o:
I often say embarrassing things that I should regret and do regret when people start reminding me about it.
I totally agree!
King of the hill
Now Following
Finally here!
I know they've had few heart wrenching moments this season, but when they're on I *love* watching this Spartan bball team.
I might watch Avengers tonight. So excited! said it's a nice movie and I believe her! Can't wait to watch it. :D
working on coming to mobile soon . . . we are in Baton Rouge tonight and then Jackson next Friday.
I can't figure out the difference between a $200 & a $1500 Martin except I thought the may have sounded a little better ?!?
Im bout jump n sum girl window n eat her out then leave. lol
Are you a maven? A doer? A salesperson? Because the future belongs to those influential few.
Blag more, plz. I like peering into that wonderful/frightening mind of yours.
How easy is it to break into personal systems. If anyone feels the need use me as a guinea pig and send me one of my files. I'm curious.
Nah you just know how to have fun ;)
Dale Dillback and Brendon Huff should be my two bffffs
When I see some demos I'll be the first to know! But I'm convinced it's possible, just not trying to cram book onto screen.
I wish i was strong enough, to hold up not one but both of us. Someday ill be strong enough, to hold up not one but
follow back please:)
I've read that book! It's really good!
Go Cowboys! Ah ha
nope that's you!
I sure haven't seen anyone tweeting "Sharon/Victor yay!"
I hope I can go to Vegas next week.
ay bro soon as i get home imma email you another beat. What time u gonna hit the studio?
You know it gurll
I got your profile pix hanging on my living too wall. It's,a,DJ painting
I haven't danced since May of last year. That could only be disastrous lol
Today is National "Eat what you want day!"
Someday, you're gonna wind up all alone, and you'll have no one to blame but yourself.
a few of our bands were playing and we got a deal on a booth.
haha it was so beautiful :D do you like rhcp?
“Stick with friends who saw you, when nobody else did, and who were true from the very start.”
Casting new reality show! Do you have a friend in a destructive relationship? Email your story:
I really dont think the Browns had to trade up but Good pick
i like RNG and all dont get me wrong, but they will neeeevvvvver replace the boyz to me. EVER.
Rain ruins everything -_-
I LOVE her fashion and I would love to meet her & possibly raid her closet=) lol Dolly definitely a
Nobody is eating $60 million over three years on an uninsured contract.
Had the most amazing Firewalk this weekend. Thank you NY/NJ for playing full out! 5000 firewalkers WOW!!
what's that suppose to mean?
just been coasting
Everyone hates the person who picks Freebird on Guitar Hero, TRUTH.
Love you uncle W.C.
No Timbelt in the Supershuttle, so I'll have to settle for a seatbelt!
Just trying to keep things exciting. I already know TinCaps win 6-5.
Headed to the and Howard University "Green is the New Black” Symposium! Should be very interesting!
S/o TO MY SHOOTERS!
Omg, just worked out with my mama and sisters and haven't laughed so hard in my entire life. I couldn't even work out good enough lmbo!
I've gotta get me some sleep...got school tomorrow...
After this week, I think I shall take a day of rest:). I believe I've earned it. Enjoy your Sunday!
dear I am SO HAPPY you released the #1thatgotaway the video made me cry. It's my favorite song by you and I love you. Take care<3
I would answer but
My day is done. Weekend starts now (what's left of it anyway)
Epicc ;) Can't wait for 19th May <3 x
u would ride anyones board
Nutella all over your face
Nice man, what are you doing today?
Thanks for the follow. Your online customer acquisition solution seems revolutionary!
It makes me laugh every time I see a recruiting guy say a kid is visiting a school during an ncaa dead period. Somebody is not telling truth
Lots of Labor Day liners from all your favorite artists, as well as stories about work, up now in Artist Audio!
will do mate, glad you enjoyed! Thanks for stopping by.
Kyle Wiltjer made 80 shots today in a five-minute shooting drill (missing only three). A new record according to Calipari.
Stress, stress everywhere. Jugar algo de
Although I'm not sorry to be missing the freezing overnight shoots this december. Even though the full moon shots and scenes look killer.
Iim sitting here being bored to death.. All I c is a bunch of drugies being checked and there all like u a nigga u put me in jail and (con)
And the buzz-word of the day is... "Turn-key solutions"
“: The Kia Optima ad is ridiculous: driving a POS car gets you girls cheering in bikinis #sad” I love your sense of humor dear!
Heading out with
Aw :), thanks for the love! "GAH! must you be so adorable!? I absolutely love your voice!"
#heatnation we have the confidence to face any team in the league right now.
I need help with my chemistry homework!! It will be the death of me! Anyone want to help... :c
Excused from all my classes minus science and math because I'm setting up for the art show
And we appreciate your food! Keep sending out winners!
yes I am 13:)
We desire nothing so much as what we ought not to have.
girl i do! thats like why i cant loss those pesky 5lbs LOL
Love that place!
Highlights that LAMs are of special importance in a reworked copyright framework -- leaving things as is is not okay.
Happy birthday to Glad to see you doing your thing, man.
I've been told that babies come from Lebanon
people will still go but I think it's dwindled the past handful of years... Just my opinion (and #GoSox).
Heath Bell will blame Marlins Park for blowing this game as well.
I use Android TweetDeck with text size 22!
says, "Stay in the conversation" RT "Social media is about the conversation" ~
Great self control in not hitting the dump button when Andy North said "You change producers." Hah He obviously doesn't know!
Why am I supposed to care about prison overcrowding? Cuts to reform programs & staffing concern me. But too many bunks in a room? Seriously?
Great word. Thanks for the reminder.
please please follow me <U+2665>
How can Angie live in NOLA & be so skinny?
m... eight kind followers!
HI! HOW ARE U?
me too. just love him
Girlfriends' Comin Over
OMG! I'm getting the craziest followers!!!
Won't see my sister this weekend cause she has to babysit :(
open now and tell me what's inside lol
Gr8I time w/ wife & friends after
Sounds like a nice little Saturday : musta been the coaching.6 o'clock I'll be getting a beer
Oh, you only live once? I had no idea, please tell me more..
Get with the movement, uptowning on these clowns
cont. "give a generic email 4 ur company where bid opps can go in case u change jobs ..."#sdp2p cont.
thank u! Have a good show tonight!
I just saw the movie Limitless on Netflix, great movie, highly recommended. My Thanksgiving is going very very well, how about yours!
#TheSkipTebowLeBronMovie. Father son and holy ghost. Tebow, the father, skip, the son who loves tebow unconditionally...
HAPPY FRIIIIIIIIIIDAAAAAAAAYYYYYY!!!! *shimmies*
I could sell everything I own and get in line for one. HA
No problem, Rick. Good to see you and congrats on the paper being published. When is it out? PR Journal?
Looking forward to coming to my #MKTG118 class tomorrow night. Maybe and will write about it!
Acting is a process. At times a very painful 1. Just reminded of that working thru a new piece. Good to have supportive people in ur corner.
Nice relaxing night at home with my sweetheart, 2 poodles & good TV
No I am single, we are just really close friends.
we're getting the gang back together!!
I can't wait for the CSA Fair! So much fresh produce, I already have the recipe books out, ready to go.
"People you ask for money give advice. People you ask for advice give money."
I always know when I'm getting sleepy. I start itching all over my body.
do you like ignoring me? I love you ok <U+E418>
Happy May Day!!
I'm wearing sunglasses tomorrow cus I miss wearing sunglasses.lol
Good Morning
Frances is ready for her SKYPE meeting w/ the Wells Seminar class tonight!!
RT: : Amen --> RT : I don't have time to hate people who hate me cause I'm too busy loving people who love me.
If they can't get at least a second rounder would be stupid to trade him, just to trade him.
If there is a worse time for something to go wrong, it will happen then.
Who will sell more jerseys this NFL season - Peyton Manning or Tim Tebow? ...
I agree! RT : Student loan debt surpassed credit card debt this year.
Thanks for the mention, Mike!
That girl in ur class who never shuts her mouth, cause she wants all the attention..
take it easy on those $4 white mochas.
BOOKED the lead in MAC and CHEESE, a New York Film Academy Thesis directed my Emre Lufte Cicek using the red camera. Shooting begins Feb 1!
Like really I know #76ers are not going to win. Come on #Celtics!!!!!
When do I get my 3rd place prize? ": Drew took first! Luck of the Irish."
Cookie Monster on stage at #TEDMED! Tells ultra marathoner Scott Jurek he's also in training for ultra marathon race.
a peaceful sovereign. There is a hint if u want to google that hint.
M delicious beers and board games.
wow he's bold #Reggie'sFirstChoice
Hey thanks for the follow!
I was sleeping to damn good now I'm up smh
yeeah same here!
THE TRANSITION continues ... Hard to endure - can be harder to observe! Smh
This is how we do it!
I hope it'll smash radio like Stronger.
hmm, that's no bueno, but okay! :D
Jose Daniel Ferrer. What about his Reproductive Rights?
curly hair tomorrow :)
son I've been practicing nd I think im ready to battle you on the dance floor lol
I hate that Kesha gave them the satisfaction of tears
A super belated & super happy birthday to one of our favorite Columbusites! xo
So glad that my husband can join me on Twitter! I love you :)
Headed in to Augusta National for some golf today.
lol theres alot of shit peeps dont like about the cat! we jjust focus on not hating and making good music. congrats on the book
Louisville does
My swaggz to the Max!!!
How is everyone today?
Time for proposal writing. ;-)
Congratulations! Good luck for June 1st :) Very exciting
this morning it was 2Pac. Wonder what all this gangsta rap means?
Phoenix and Utah play in Salt Lake next Tuesday on TNT. That might give us the verdict on the #Twolves pick...
stop ruining my good name.
Come on seriously its November & its already snowing? Well isn't that Indiana for ya?!
I'm gonna make it anyway.
Weed: smiling and hungry; alcohol: dizzy, throwing up, hungover; which one sounds better lol
would i ever do something REALLY awful like squat and relieve myself into a plastic bag because the toilet's resiliently clogged?
The Ducks then the Stars
What are y'all doing to honor American Craft Beer Week? To start, we raise a glass to founder Capt Frank, #craftbeer pioneer
I wonder how is doing?
awesome! Hope to chat with you there!
#instaception is the proper tag, I believe.
Happy Birthday James - hope you and the family are doing well :)
I'm Lucille ball tonight for a murder mystery dinner party and I can't find a 50's dress. Atleast I have red lipstick and know how to cry.
Feels good to still be left in the us open cup
A really scintillating collection of literary criticism going out on the $3 cart today. Act fast!
lol, I thought u said u wanted a bomb ass asian chick lol
Yes, Chicago will be using SODA 2.0. I sent you a write up on the enhancements via email.
RT : websites. (do people still have those?) #12ntcredesign if they need em, our nonprofit makes em for other nonprofits!
You want the most powerful WordPress theme for your WP-as-CMS needs? You better check out
I know, it's a ton! I try my best, but haven't done it to my satisfaction yet. It's something I'll be talking about at
my guess is since the company involved is based in the U.S. It's not considered an import. assuming it's an American car company?
I hawk lots of lugi in your yard weekly. That's why your flowers are so nice. :P
RT : Study : NYC’s standalone middle schools do worse job educating students than schools w/ K-8 under 1...
After two years as a starting guard at De La Salle, Jaylon Tate will join an already loaded Simeon squad.
whoo sleep walking
One of the many reasons why 's set at #SEMF2012 is ruling hard: he ain't got a MacBook Pro on stage with him!
I am done with just dance 3
Parsons: #data #citation needs to increase in order to justify costs of data management.
It's like deer creek '09 all over again
ha is that right???
nun much
Tickets are now available for Wonder in Maliceland, 5-H8-5's versus Rottenchesters! Saturday, June 12th! rocderby.com
Spotify was the coolest thing ever until they started putting commercials in to my playlists. What the heck happened?
Back in Atlanta and my bed is calling my name!!!!
Just voted yes for SLA's proposed new name Association for Strategic Knowledge Professionals.
ill rt yours for mine lmao :)
well, the lecture is really boring, and then there's a physics midterm today and everyone is busy last-minute studying.
"We are plants which must with our roots rise out of the earth in order to bloom in the ether and bear fruits." Johann Peter Hebel
I need a dinner buddy. Totally trying to stuff my face right now!
&& people with slow cameras<<
Happy birthday to my bro !
That is fabulous news! He is great to work with!
#NP best day ever by
sorry - just got back on twitter - sounds busy! i think teens make a up huge portion of our study room users
"muffins" is one of those words that is hard to say in anger. try it, it just cannot be done.
Tonight on I REMEMBER, the author of "Bay View" joins Jim Peck to talk about its history and strong sense of community. At 6:30 on MPTV 10.
Archives forever workshop...unfortunately seems to be a product pitch? For a good product, but not one I'm likely to be able to buy
gotcha! Ok thanks!
Well, there's one plus side ;)
Following back.
I'm doing ok. are you still in vegas stripping or in your hometown? do you travel?
the lack of production with runners in scoring position is starting to become a concern
I get , nice dev work & benefit to the food truck owners & consumers. Efficient for both sides. Good job team!
#LeapDay babies! Stop in and see us tomorrow for your free brownie or blondie. Show us your id and maybe we'll even sing. Happy Birthday!
going to ITALIAN FESTIVAL COME OUT AND JOIN US.. IT WILL BE FUN.. LOOK FORWARD TO C'N U THERE..CIAO
You punking me out?? Hm??
Norman Maclean~ It is those we live with and love and should know who elude us.
Andrew Johnson held every elective office at the local, state, and federal level, including President of the United States.
To my Canadian friends...why is your beer so expensive?!
Son left his A Farewell to Arms on my desk...my favorite novel ever...it's all I can do not to blow off the day and re-read it.
I am empowered by compassion and my gift is passive resistance.
Gettin my streak for cash started in true #boss fashion, taking #Punxsutawney to not see his shadow tomorrow
RT : "Kick your knees up, step in time!"
lol. Woodie is my homie. Don't want nothing to happen to him!
So i hear it's Mother's Day in America so.. Happy Mother's Day to all the Mummy's. ~Leanne<21
So much hate for Justin Vernon's combover!
But liberals can explain the cooperation among humans against zombies. Shaun of the dead a great example!
#TruthIs you weren't the one...sorry
Homework is gay as hell.
DC: Fenty vs Gray, the case of the tortoise and the hare! GRAY all the way, 2010! When can all settle in for RABBIT STEW!! m GOOD....
post the picture or it didn't happen! ;)
ice and snow in farm world in Texas..twice this year..unheard of...but a chance to just be quiet and be still. simply beautiful...
Think I might put down the Newports ... all herbal is the way
I've found myself pulling for Djokovic. I think this match is going the distance!
I gotta say that is making my life so much richer. And not just in donations! Thanks to you &
Princess Ladyfriend plays Chop Suey tonight! It's going to be blister-forming quasi-rock! Come out and literally get freaky with us!
see you guys at midnight, or sooner i hope!
OH: pretty sad we lost an hour.. can't wait to get him back.
Follow . They are building their following now and have big things coming soon to
#realtalk We aren't on twitter *something*
FREE 3 day FedEx Shipping through Wednesday!! Just use this promo code: H8993 at checkout.
please could i get a follow for my birthday<3 it would mean the world to me<33
(cont) the account holder so my mom & i are going back tomorrow. And I can't send pics that's why I'm getting it fixed lol
lmfao swag... Okay maybe ill allow you to follow my main twitter....
Is calling someone an earmarker the same as calling them a son of a bitch?!
Am I the only one enjoying this game? I love these close defensive battles and goalie duels
RT A 2-way transfer happens on the Cross: our sins are transferred to Him, and His righteousness is transferred to us.
Where's lunch?
looking forward to that.
Shorter Santorum: Racial profiling as public policy.
I'm about to tan as we speak ! Lol
Given a big shout out 2 my management..Kimberly strauss for a great red carpet event 2 nite and big ups 2 Said Faraj and Jesse Woodrow..
RT I seriously don't think I can watch anymore....
I think it s just the heat thats making my get tin BOOGIE,YEAH THATS RIGHT I LOVE THE HEAT...... boogie nights are the best and funky
thanks! How's parenthood treating you?
Oh hey, btw we have those mouth watering burgers you've been dreaming about. Come try one of our specials or make one yourself! Open til 8!
Dos Hermanos is closing down? Where did you hear about it? What am I going to do on Saturday mornings now? No!
#netflix streaming options suck.
haha i forgot that game!!!! lost nono in the 6th?? that sucked
How close am I till graduation?
LOVE the series already I think it sounds right up my alley. My life is full of irony. If you only knew...
Yes. It all meets at the area under the staircase. Lots of outlets there too.
Damn you, Grey's!!!!
I feel the weight of the polish :( Wondering if it's because I work with my hands on very small stuff a lot.
good morning .
haha let's see it:)
I'm weird cause I hate goodbyes
Is your faith anchored enough to sustain increase? Or do you have to stay low to stay close to God?
Weekday special: How about our $4.99 lunch special. Soup, salad with our Fuji dressing & chicken fried rice. Our doors swing open at 11:30.
One more hour and I'm out of the cube.
I have not been blogging much lately but up to some wonderful things with Mr.
Uhm, like 3 days ago.. the most shoutouts is like 30 from someone..
Thanks! I took a look at the app. not too expensive, so I might get it!
Librarian peeps, have u done any formal networking? how is it different to manage from causal kind? Thoughts or Advice 2 new librarians?
Deez Nuts. Belize Nuts. Fucking get with it.
Shettima: Private companies are now bidding for money to implement donor programs in country, contractor models
ok...what time of day works good for you?
Pulling some duty on the night before commencement. It's more fun than "work" should be on a Friday night.
Scrubs!!!!! RT : Oh my god me and suited out for nothing! ????
whatever put if throw up again you need to eat!
= b-beautiful e-energy l-lovely l-lovable a-active
Our partner is on stage discussing the challenges of a hyperconnected world.
are you related to Al Ries the author/marketer? An attendee asked. :)
According to the news, Ukrainian women are so badass right now.
¿De q pueblo eres?
If you haven’t attended our Bingo Bonanza during our Super Shopper events, October 23rd is the day to start! And did we mention it’s free?
In honor of Cinco De Mayo I shall eat a taco.
You a #Mahomie? Then why aren't you following>>>>
I will be socializing with folks at #heweb12 but not presenting...
those five words just brought me back to my teen years, and yes - the best naps ever.Amazing.Thanks.(changing channel now...)
that would make just a tad of fkn sense.
It's Festivus Eve.....the suspense is killing me.
Labrador Retriever + Curly Coated Retriever = Lab Coat Retriever, the choice of research scientists
Thank the lord for waking me up #retweet if u feel the same.
The question is not how to get managers' emotional commitment but why manager's don't give it even if they like their company.
So glad you had a great week!
it was the Barfield years. We really weren't thinking straight. I'll say this as an AU grad, it is funny.
NP Make it like it was
Bye atl....I got wat I needed now going back home to dream bigger and make it happen!
Where That Fight Party At Bruh¿
Amazing idiots in LA paid $1000.00 + per seat to watch a fight and spend more time trying to see their self on the jumbo-tron lol
working on some new stuff :) hopefully well have a new record by the summer
The church behind me tolls its bells at noon (rock and folk) and at 6pm (gospel) Monday-Friday. It's so lovely.
#Pitts, Honeyed Words. Urban fantasy with Canadian dragon-slaying lesbian sword&blacksmith on a Dukati. What could be bad? 2d of at least 3.
is on it's way now that it's the month of May! who's going?!
who's your preferred Rangers FA target?
Spring fashion = Yikes! Color-blocking? High waisted pants? Sea foam green? Some fashion trends should NOT be repeated.
I really can't respect her for that though because it's not even constructive..it's just catty
Tell That Fool To Call Me!
What is your take on this heightened interest in Trey Dickerson?
yeah but there is nothing to not like about you!:) please follow me Alex?<3
lol yeah I move jobs quickly but not that fast. I just got off not too long ago.
In the case of my site, mobile users get the exact same content, just sized & presented appropriately for their device.
oh I always put off novel revisions till the end! :)
Advice ; never get your cartilage done. So much pain and awkwardness.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! Love you sis!
when will mlb salaries and game structure info for Opening Day be launched? Day of? Will there be any big deposit bonuses? :)
showing respect. I recognize your grind. Looking forward to seeing you expand into even greater heights.
-- the moon's coolness / on that leaf, this leaf / not only light #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
We would like to welcome our new SayBayBee friends! And yay! It is the weekend! Anyone have any exciting plans?
You are!
Miami baby
where u at these days??
no problem:)
Goodnight Darlings!!! :) SO Happy that my big sis got her phone back! :) AH! My bday week is gonna be FINE now ~:)
Bare Bones Graphics, Albuquerque's Printer, Providing -Large Format Four Color Offset Press, Digital Printing, Screen Printing for T-shirts…
It's not a heart attack... it's good d@#k... your welcome
does bluetooth work with 3.0 on the nook color?
Made it! Now it's time to get cooking. Oh and go unabashedly mention to NYC that Portland got robbed at JBF awards!
I'm at a Case Western Reserve University business school party on the Eastside, I'm positive my IQ is the lowest in the room.
so far so good!! Ask Malcolm about his neighbors!!!!
great atmosphere at Staples for #lakings games...what about football in the cold, chicago, green bay, buf etc.?
Thnx for all the follows! Make sure you @ us soo we can follow back. . .
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>Shut up John. You go to BETA
Having a good morning?
Christmas partying tonight ?
": Thanks babe!! I'm think I love that place!" We would love to have you!
Metta World Peace and Laker coach Mike Brown reportedly met and are cool after Artest's mentioned Browns past as just a "video coordinator."
Bout to eat to eat finally!!!
Or should we thank ? If you're not already doing so, I'd recommend following him. Provides great insight on SM.
We answer your twitter questions tonight at 11:35 with Already got some Blazers questions so tweet us more. Mix it up!
that's awesome! Thanks!
Thank you for sharing Mathew with us!
They got us doing some hard Algebra 2 homework!
Thanks those guys look interesting.
we are in!!! Game on!
I feel it won't be practical during winter, but I still really want one. lol
St. Patrick may have used the shamrock to illustrate the Holy Trinity doctrine-leaves separate yet joined together in a single stem.
If it is possible for any one person, it is possible for me. ~Frederich Neitzsche
Thank you for the RT! Have a pleasant evening.
Hey all you crazy people! Don't forget to write down 's Silent Library episode on your calendars! March 31st at 7:00 PM! :)
I may not be there today, but I always end up on top.
Ugh! I missed pretty little liars again?! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Text from my buddy: "Watching Inception w my dad. I have to stop and explain every 3 minutes."
Ohmygosh the photog commentary is crazy. RT : our favorite line so far: "out of NOWHERE!"
I JUST WANNA PLAY SIMS WITHOUT YOU AND JUDGING MD
Have totally thought of that. He went to HS with like my whole family. We'll sing soporific campfire tunes in his honor.
Light that baby up! Halos offense comes up big and we have a winning streak.
Wow your pics are so random! Alohas from
Ok I'm beyond over being sick. It's supposed to be 73 and nothing but <U+2600> today
#lt that rant video is so relevant. everyone should check it out
how is LA noire? I've been meaning to check it out.
ya will do....but dude....I'm interested in yo beats....how much you sellin yo beats for and where can I find the ones you sellin?
I love ! So happy to have you in Louisville
i loved tonights episode of Big Time Rush!!! Can't wait till next episode!!!
Is the Indiana State Library jobs page at Webjunction not working for anyone else?
Yup, I "see" music as shapes. Would rather have sound and smell.
It's because the R and D's are small minded!
right? west coast is slippin a bit right now.
Moving out is the biggest bitch ever
I love to stay on top of #celebrities ChaCha Users Predict Kim Kardashian Divorce HOLLYWOOD--(BUSINESS WIRE)--ChaCha users predicted Kim
I think your #NewYearsResolution should be to visit Lemon Grove more often!
I hate shitty days.
Well, on a bright note, the Pirates were kind enough 2 give my fantasy team 35 points tonight. Ofcourse, courtesy of Strasburg and Rodriguez
Lunchin' at 310 W. Wisconsin today for Notes @ The Blue. The new, 6-week music series starts at 11:30am w/ Dave Miller Experience & Friends.
Be sure to stop by and see Kristie! RT Presenting at the undergraduate conference ! Come watch in C308!
GOOGLE: The First Version Of Google TV Was A Mess, And Here&#39;s How We&#39;re Going To Fix It
girl i did!! So good m
Donna's service was perfect. I need more of you in my calendar. xx
Good afternoon twitter! What's everyone up to this weekend? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
my friend wants to do a cover of a song......any suggestions????? reply :D
I might just be the rudest person you'll ever meet #sorryNotSorry lol
haha it's almost like the Seahawks are a real playoff team
Having a good day. Besides a slightly awkward part. But it's all god!!!!! Lolz =)
thanks girl!! Keep suggesting ;)
S/O to Foxcroft for the special gift 4 attendees @ "Power Play: Up Close with Women in the #Golf Industry" event next week!
Ughh and my mom is the MOST annoying person in the world right now. I wish she would leave me be.
Calm down people I was in class and in a hurry to make a point basically there are way too many people without jobs doesn't justify one job
Really suing? Will that solve the problem or extract a # of flesh?
Great! Let us know how things turn out.... RT : Yes, thanks! 's in charge now.
your moms pretty good...LOOKING.
Hey , thanks for the 4 free songs from :)
Why awake? Ugh.
Take back your country? From other Americans? Please explain!
"Let's get the details of Miami's trade," says Chris Berman. "Oh wait, we dont have them." How do you not have the details?!?! You're ESPN!
I should be an actor but im scare that i won't remember shit.
Will be in town in Sept. #GreaterThan will get u right. Andrew Massey is also big fan. Gotta try it!
yup..he looked funny standing when we met him..lol
it's still only like 60 here you're not missing much lol
The lever of a subway hand-sanitizing station which is out of product has to be one of the most germ-infested 2 inches on the planet
My mom is tryna preach to me n
Working late into the night to bring you exciting new tees.
good cause your boyfriend is feeling a little rejected over here! he's been so lonely :( & my mom and britt miss you too !
Bullshit it will :)
Woo Fuck U Bitch!
Hope to get a chance to say hello!
haha okay deal!
Strike while the iron is hot.
Love my iPhone!!
YOU WATCH SHERLOCK?!
I get so pissed every mornin when my alarm goes off
Seriously. Seems like 18 games should be more important than 4... Though UW has certainly benefitted from that before...
Chase money triple g mbk da movement
Just got done watching footage from the sitcom I'm directing. So good!
m For me it doesn't. :(
Register today for the Meet & Match Speeding Event March 10th must rsvp at www.tri-statespeeddating.com
wow......total fail. its cool tho, i forgive you.
Plz RT! a block away from the Zoo offering full 3course dinner for just $18 to our nation's veterans and soldiers!
I hate you
! RT : Research suggests that taking dogs to work reduces stress in workplace and increases satisfaction.
+1 RT : Took turning 25 to earn the wife's Twitter endorsement. #wisdom RT #FF Why? It's his birthday, yo!
They say I walk around like I got a 'S' on my chest.
But my favorite line from any song will be. "Pop quiz tell me where we first kissed tell me where my spot is"
doctor feel good don't no him anymore
we have to start trending #highridgehotties from now on. I can fucks with it
Great promo for Draft Analyzer with ESPN Insider on ESPN.com's home page www.espn.com thank you and
#Fiction is about stuff that's screwed up.
Drunk girls are amusing!
I'm playing Xbox lol
shit then happy birthday boss lady!
FF usually is not much fun for me!! Haahahaha
Thanks. #FF to you too! Have a nice weekend.
suck a Wangatang
« #MyNextMan (if ever) won't mind picking my fro»««««« lmao this just so funny to me
Fab Design Tip: Use porcelain tile for more durability. There are many options to choose from that look like real stone.
One of those nights where I hate being single :/ RT if u know the feeling
The Family Gay episode of Family Guy is HILARIOUS. Omg.
RIP BIGGIE MARCH 9 AMAZING RAPPER DIED AS YOU ALL PROBABLY KNEW
Ice cream at Tillamook Cheese factory, answering questions about a database license renewal. Now back on the road.
Not wit me now n I wunder if u think of me. I think of u sometimes and da image of u loving him plays n my head. U messd up n lost a real
thanks a lot!!!!
“: "Somebody forgot the corkscrew and for several days we had to live on nothing but food and water." ~W. C. Fields”
My mom asked about my grades. I replied, "Cs get degrees."
Definitely well-deserved and heartfelt! Should give urself more credit than u do!
Great meeting you at the #nflcombine , David. And thanks for the connection! -
ur so pretty in it and vinny looks hot!:)lol
I finally feel whole again. <3
Just loving the good folks and the cool work they are doing
Looking for the Hottest Gay Places in Florida visit www.hottestgayplaces.com
Hello TWITTER! Brand Name Punk is here!
We eloped. Brought a cake that said "Congrats" to my grandmas house that night, and when I told her why she cried happy tears!
Couple having curse filled intense argument in the terminal here at sea-tac. Sounds great
0001-Awh yur pretty!! Ill ship you with Liam Payne
I have the munchies like a bitch
Just spend 2 hours looking for a dead deer by the river.
Yes #Rays .... Love small market clubs. Amazing comeback, now finish & win.
UNBROKEN OUT SEPTEMBER :)
OKAY OKAY OKAY THIS MOVIE ROCKS
Hanging out at jiffy lube. These are my people.
Why does my ****in teacher call me and says good morning when it's midnight at my place??...... Plz some advice guys!
Another day Another dolla! Whats up Tweeters?
oh me too, they are all sweethearts. I hope the get big, they deserve it. (:
Safe travels, Dmitry! Seattle is waiting for you! :-)
it's alright you probably didn't want those numbers anyway lol
Thanks for the follow
it was from a photoshoot in 2010
hey if ur by a tv there's going to be a story about youth going to help tornado victims at 6 and at 6 am
How do u get random pplz on da train to stop talkin to u without be o.d rude
Thinking is one thing no one has ever been able to tax. –Charles Kettering
TONIGHT@ CLUB ELEGANCE WEAR PAJAMA/LINGERIE & RECEIVE FREE ENTRY!!!!! $5 ADMISSION!!!! $5 ADMISSION!!!!! $5 ADMISSION!!!!!
Work was amazing tonight but I'm glad to be back in btown! <3
RT : how more country can it get "Worldwide" yeeeeeeeeeee haw Shake It Girl !!!!
when guys don't treat my friends like they should <<<
Just finished up with #ralph plumb, passive online income anybody? ;) #lordsugar next,
“: S/o to for her birthday! Can you believe I met you 5 years ago? #goodtimes” holy fuck really?
Campus leadership often has little understanding of what #civeng looks like in diff contexts... at
Looking forward to it! RT : I'll be joining the super team on Monday. I can't freaking wait!
Sad reading.... journalists should never die for such a thankless Job
The funny thing is I would not be shocked if Valentine sanctioned that hit...that is however not a compliment. He is a total joke.
congrats! Undeath is awesome too!
Love is dead to me because of you... </3
Dear FB User: You are a film critic in the same way I say I'm from Chicago even though I live in Batavia.
Made dinner tonight at the Ronald McDonald house.. such a good experience!
u r gonna rock in buffalo! cant wait to see ya out there when this lockout business is done. play hard son!
Just Arrived back early this AM from NYC Fashion Week Anna Sui Show and Odd Molly Presentation on Yesturday was FAB!.
connecting with nature does editing good!
Np sail on- commodores
HA, I was going to say...
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain but it takes character and self control to be understanding and forgiving. - Dale Carnegie
All I can really say about today is whatever. Ugh.. I'll work it off at the gym later. #aggravated<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Goodnight sugar daddie ;)
Meeting with the web developer went great! Next stop Le Style Bank to update their mannequins then off to another meeting.
Was it the Swedish version or the US version? We watched the US version and I think the other one is probably 2.34times better
Hi Wendy, just watched the trailer - looks fantastic...can't wait to see it!
Get that boy some #Windex #Marshal is
39 songs on my iPod . Whipee <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I love it! Have a safe drive.
RT : Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. - Philo
Thank you for your RT's - we, so appreciate you!
eyes or ears or however anyone kept up with the game, it was all bad
dear iPhone, I took you for granted. Im already lost without you
Each day grows perceptibly warmer
"The working girl gets a head the spoiled girl sits on the side" words of wisdom
Only friends you can trust are the ones that like having you around.
TRUE story...if only Nina (RIP) were here to put those crazy divas in their place today!
Runway Towing Company literally wait for an accident and your vulnerability when injured. Drivers be careful!
RT : Today in #Herstory: In 1939 nylon stockings first sold in the U.S.
hopefully, I've been traveling a bit & writing a lot! I wanna release something soon though!
finished one in Norman Saturday doing a remodel in Windsor Hills next!!!!! Call us if you need good reliable help!!!
put your hands up in the air. put your hands up in the air.
Today get a Green Or Red Chile Cheese Dog fries and a drink for only 6.50
I could definitely go for some breakfast pizza...where's Granny when you need her
At Least It's Hump Day :)
haha tell her "hey im Austin Mahone and ya u cant say no to me" lol jk
I am the sender. I was told I can't start investigation. This all started with the worst service ever at a local hub.
Your beautiful, inside & out.
Need something strong like a hurricane to wash away my pain.
god why cant she be her right now like
told u so
"We were here before wall st. We are here to take the power back!!!"
I liked ur comments at SD Econ development hearing re fighting poverty in SD w/good paying jobs. Let's make them good green jobs.
Would love that RT : I'd love to see the Colts come out and say, "Just kidding, we're taking RG3."
I'm going to start tweeting on this account more. It needs a little more love. Don't you agree?
Laid back;-)
hi sorry i couldnt tweet bck
Watching God of Love
CANT WAIT TILL THIS PARTY START
you wanna kic it ? Don't you do something music related?
Dx i wish but im fucking tiered, but maybe ill go cause you know your mom wants me haha j/k
*throws holy juice on you* > RT Dick me zown den!
Immediate need! 10-15 Clinical Nextgen EMR consultants. Please send resume, availibilty and rate to
Life has no limitations, except the ones you make. - Les Brown
aw nuts
just bought your new single "Healer" from iTunes, you are so awesome! Thanks for loving Jesus
haha Sweden goes hard!! :) please follow me <3 oh how was your day guy?
Back from Jersey. No time to rest though-headed to the Garden for Game 2....
Giving up doesn't all ways mean that your weak, some times it means your just strong enough to let it go.
Sleepless night for cpope
Nothin like drinking some tea. To help me feel better.
Twitter jail??? Yikes. Hope they pay for your meds!
Should I bring that with, me?
I know. It's awful and I need to change it. I just don't have anything right now.....give me some time :(
Is it just me, or did redesign?
Give your gums a fighting chance with Arestin: www.arestin.com
Oh my gosh...repeat business is amazingly awesome!!! Happy 4th everyone!!! Oh 1st band is warming up
time to see on valentine's day ;) meet n greet! ^_^ with and
true I feel u. How yo son been doing I kno he getting big
this girl tryna go out im tryna go to bed lol
I didn't get to get that cornbread from Carolina's Kitchen. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Okay, just one more. Rick James Taylor
make sure you and staff attend www.dynamicsbeautyexpo.com in miami beach FL June 24 and 25 2012
Happy to find you & follow your tweets!
haha did u go? Im going tirck or treating for sure tonight
Stage fright happens before you go on not while you are on. Life is the same...thinking about your future is always worse than what happens
Morning world!
Money is motivation
Drafts of KBS at smokin joes. I love some BCBS and parabola but this is my favorite barrel aged stout. Phenomenal.
Ate part of a burrito while watching dance videos. Not an inspiring combination. Switched to whiskey.
I'm doing a Q & A video, so ask me some more questions! ABOUT ANNYYYTHING! go go go! reply on here, or inbox me on youtube!
thanks ill do dat
-_- very helpful..hopefully over here cause i need some eye candy
Eye Catchin Media New Generation, New Visions!
That's cool. Good luck on that, maybe next year you can show.
Maybe my time will come
I'm not bord
#Bubba Watson delivers a #NASCAR driver-like personable, likable approach. #PGA Tour needs more guys like this to win.
this week needs to end. i hate school so much.
Sleep? That's a funny word I'm pretty sure thats what homework replaces
will announce soon just about to sign lease. You will be the first to know when I announce on twitter.Near Fanueil hall
Good morning loves XD
he gotta lose some time lol
Lost in the OC!
Yeah! RT : ": Happy Friday everyone! FunFact reached 300 Tweets this morning!" Go zoe, keep tweeting :)
What is your favorite use of social media?
happy mothers day :)
Wanting someone to party with but classy enough to take home
I hate to sound like Grammar Nazi, but every time someone begins a story with "Me and _____..." I immediately disregard what they say
oh MAN.. I feel for ya. Here's a prayer to the travel gods in your honor...
Nevada Ballet Theatre makes its #SmithCenter debut this weekend. Should be pretty phenomenal!
It's an Eric Church kind of Friday!...getting ready for Hodag even if it is 2.5 months away!
My squad way to gone
he got a 2012 Honda accord LE special edition.
voted this morning. Hope you win! Good luck !
Googling you is fun, there are some funny things that pop up!
Perhaps a blog post explaining your thoughts behind the name/brand?
Get famous on her own (like she already has) why does she need to be on The Voice? She's taking other peoples dreams from them. It's so dumb
“Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.” - Dr. Seuss
Sounds like a plan! or do what I did for every college paper senior year & work on your taxes AT the bar. It works I swear!
Yeah, normally I would have sent him too, if he didn't come to a complete stop between second and third.
Winter is coming.
Make sure you come to the baseball teams first game Thursday at 5:30.
AT&T's service in Chicago is such a joke
CAN u please follow she is a a huge
Evidently I'm also signed up as a facilitator for the unConference on Saturday from 9-12. Who knew?
nightingale! So lovely. Thanks for sharing this.
Good morning fashion luvers!!!! Lets have a fabulous day
Good Morning #Bear and #Bull Family!!
Pittsburgh behavioral economists, Baruch Fischhoff (of SDS!) speaking at Pitt cathedral of learning rm 817 at 2pm today
eww mine? Really? Your so nice! Maybe if I start hanging out with you more I'll become more pretty
#Breastfeeding photos - called obscene - pulled off Facebook? Really. The debate at 5:30 on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS.
San Diego, California Weather :: 67F PARTLY CLOUDY: 67F PARTLY CLOUDY
making roast leg of lamb, stuffing and potatoes. Some days, I like it that DH is gone all week.
what about electric blankets? No socks, no cold feet, no problem. ;)
Getting re-orders quickly- gunna start handing out awards to out Most Dedicated Fans
: aannnnnd, our new cd is coming out in a few weeks!!! Yay!!
Leggooooo #CELTICS!!!! They need to give my boy Johnson more burn you dig?
guess whos back back again hillys back tell a friend :D partayy for the next monthh
hmm, maybe I need to tweet mine too!!
And by 'in NY' I mean 'for NY'.
#Brewers sucked tonight.
STILL PARTYING TIL 2AM AT THE M RESORT ITS THE WILDEST CINCO FESTIVAL IN LAS VEGAS WITH THE CREW !
I saw it happen. Good stuff !
some peoples legs are like 7-11... they never close.
so sry i didnt get any nathan action for you! he was kinda distant=(
Tomorrow's L.A. Times...pick up a copy.
/ you brought up great points I hadn't thought about, sometimes friction helps polish stones. Thanks for your input!
&#39;American Idol&#39;: Name your Top 5 Power List!
Oops! Forgot the greek style green beans braised in our homemade tomato sauce is served with all of our dinner specials! Bring ur appetite!
Really fire works..im really not sleeping NOW!!!
i messed up and i know that, so stop blowing this way out of proportion
Can't you float?
Oh wait, they're going to throw to Roddy White?
Laying in bed blessed with the support from friends family and new fans of my music. Thank you everyone :)
[8 - 1] The Houston Astros scored against the Milwaukee Brewers in the top of the 8th inning. Houston Astros 8, Milwaukee Brewers 1
Muni ruins everything.
totally bizarre! I feel dumb even trying to troubleshoot the issue - a bunch of search results attempt to help w the problem
Just finish harry potter. It was really good. Go see it in IMAX.
so sorry for our loss :'(
no we removed it b/c no one was using. We may bring it back later in a different form
2morrow the place 2 be is Broadway Bar. No Cover. Great Drink Special. Dj Mystik video mixing. Peter Blue hosting the party. Dont miss out!
also, I used to own a top that Solange sold to Houston Buff Ex
But ours were made in the US. And you should know to never mess with a patriotic HPPO.
I Can't wait to see u in Detroit!!
oh well in that case, get working! :P haha
I don't personally have any I products myself, but go for it!
yea I've got the same with AT&T
It'd be with the iSchool for a study abroad trip, actually
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And Today? Today is a gift. That's why we call it the present. --- Babatunde Olatunji
This has officially been one of my laziest days in a long time. Had breakfast out & then did nothing but tv, couch and eat.
NATALIE. FOR SERIOUS. If nothing else, think about how gross your wrinkles will be when you're old.
Visit our Carlsbad or San Marcos branch today to get a free pair of tickets to LegoLand. Good for 3/24 only & available while supplies last.
: Almost time for ur flight... Almost. << a few more hours. Seemed like a good idea at the time.
I would like to work things out with you ... but naaaa,
I'm at the #SaturdayAcademy with and more folks who are learning abt
i'm so ready. #CHARGE!
So cool to meet Jim Levinger - from Q-Ray Media at
ahh thank you! I love yours to!
oh kool lol tweet me or follow me plizeeeee
forgot my iPod in my car:'(
Way to get out there & rock it Martinez on The Voice, super cool concept for a show!
A Better Life really is a great movie. See it.
#MyPastRelationships don't affect my next relationships. You can't carry the weight of your past into your future.
haha.. actual pitch: "it's 'Rocky' but it's a rapper" .. which is exact pitch made for 34 other themed films
MLK, Jr. day-- you off work? what are you doing? Let us know and we'll give you a shout on our 4:30am newscast
I'd ask people "WAS IT INCEST OR MASTURBATION?" and "WAS IT MURDER OR SUICIDE?" god i'm so clever my testicles are inside of my chest now ok
Happy 18th Birthday Son!!! I love you:-)
We donated $100 to Paste Up! Madison. This project only needs $170 more to reach the $2500 goal! Any amount will help - ends tomorrow at 1pm
One falsehood spoils a thousand truths...Ashanti Proverb
Congrats to for winning the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor!
DO IT RT : Congratulations, Liam! Are they gonna let you bring your bike on the stage to show the Prez?
Only goodness and love will pursue me all the days of my life; - (Psalm 23:6)
It just makes me shudder.
really guys ?
This Cheesehead is so happy!!! Congrats to the GB Packers!!!!!!!!!
NEXT TIME
Rear-ended on the way to school, it was just a tiny fender bender, but still stressful.
What better way to celebrate your 8th birthday then to get a national network commercial! WTG & HAPPY BIRTHDAY TYLER CHAMPAGNE!!!
juan williams trending on #twitter mission accomplished #scdebate...on another note #bigfoot and gong show also trending
Need your shoulder popped back into place? Time to see Dr. Forrest again.
I'm not home to watch #PLL :( damn. I gotta get off twitter bc people ruin it!! Can't wait till 9 haha
ORIOLES MAGIC......FEEL IT HAPPEN!!!
thank you!
Morning Twitter!!
Just one thing to say to my beloved friends working news on election day: HA-HA (sorry)
you know this!!
An underrated candy bar classic!
I have continuosly told people Asik is overvalued. He is a solid defensive role player, but that isn't an untouchable
inside every pack of gum is a small child who wants to chew on their daddy's satchel strap
I'll challenge Jobu to Rum drinking contest!
I am exhausted! Early night tonight, God I feel so old.
THANK YOU!! Such an honor to serve with you & staff!
I'm on a tour in St. Louis, and I'm spending the night tonight at Lemp Mansion. Any pointers?
life for me is just weed and ....
i am gorgeous!
no haa :D what is it?
i think im losin it cause i stay so confused i dont know what to do i think i lost my mind.............
Getting ready for work tonight. Money on my mind. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
im hoping maybe we can take her to her first show (BVB) when we move to la by next year :)
is mixing the final sound for the unLEASHED Season Finale!
This game is less entertaining then an AAU game smh the heat and the pacers both playing like trash
ME AND MY COUSIN MADE YOU A BIRTHDAY VIDEO BABE <3
How do children get brainwashed? It starts in the womb of grandma & is passed down w/genetics; pre-dispositions, tangled n webs of chaos
I'm waiting for the NY Times review before committing
is following me!!! Juggalo love!!!
Great day so far, got my mom roses for mothers day :)
Grandma turned the volume down on Grandad's home development show. Shit's about to go down.
you are my friend i love you hon
Finishing your freshman year, duh! Lol
RT How many days a week do you lift weights? >> 5 days,,s/o
Wow just retire already Omar. That was Beautiful
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
Metta World Peace???
Dwight prob want tht Calvin Johnson money
gotta love the
Serious question - is the audio tuned just for the audience? On TV, most all performances sound really off & boring
will there b a stay scheme khlemix ?
I swear my new word is "Understandable" lol. Trying to refrain from using "True shit"
I can't see it from my phone!
Typical all I do is get yelled at, I went out there 2do work & what do I get Fucking screamed @ &told to shut up and I wasn't even yelling
Post -Parker Spenser. And yes.
i dead caused a stir on your instagram...cuz i gets it poppin , sike naw nice pic doe!!!
The day I decide to take my sweet time our bus driver finally comes back. I'm effin' up.
its looking like 9:30. I'll get back to you with a for sure time asap
not getting enough of the cheese?
Know what sucks? I have STAAR test tomorrow. Ugh. Sucks. Texas and their dumb tests! Smh.
I'm looking forward to meeting you finally at the #SILtweetup !
I say what I think are "funny things" and some people just stare at me... Perhaps they no hablo English??
FaceTimed for the
u changes ur number right! So why r u talkin to me
Oh wow. I so wanna see Adele live ....
Everything is lovely, but that Happy Trail and vein on his right bicep is screaming my name!
There is definitely an unacknowledged male privilege phenomenon happening
ah so jealous! how were they?
Happy Monday, Twitterdom. Everyone have Thanksgiving plans squared away? Hope all has a wonderful holiday with family & friends
haha you can't be a die hard lakers fan and go for the celtics, cmon
How many house servants did "stay-at-home-mom" Ann Romney have to raise her kids. Just b/c u don't have job doesn't make u stay-at-home mom.
Just woke up! Oopss lol Feeling great though!
Read my #Faulkner for the morning. Now I get to snuggle & watch #OnceUponaTime with my girl. Kinda loving
Scratch my back
before your next road trip call me to check your vehicle out
sup with my nigga sho?! Were u been bruh..I ain't seen u lately?
“ MARLO IS BEAT LIKE AN OLD NASTY WHITE BILLIONAIRE IS WAITING FOR HER OUTSIDE!!!! #RHOA”
We are back on our members only nights Fridays and Saturdays here @ Try Outs! Mondays are now dedicated to men, just men.
Thank you to all who came to the March NACE meeting hosted by Saz's State House! We had an absolute blast hosting!! :D
I'm looking and I'm frowning
Oh, George, let's not park here. Oh, George, let's not park. Oh, George, let's not. Oh, George, let's! Ooh, George!
"old enough to know better, young enough to do it anyway." ;)
I love it when my car doesn't start at 445 in the morning...
have 6 tweets
i'm not sure what quote you're referencing
“: karleeelovesyou Happy birthday gorgeous!! (:” thank you :)
Getting my haircut. I have to somewhat decent. Somewhat.
Had wonderful news writing workshop at the Clarion office today. A big thank you to all that attended, can't wait for your news stories!
TunnelFact # 300: 4027 Feet of Tunnel = Washington Mutual (thanks ) www.tunnelfacts.com
Tonight at the Member Preview I was told by a new friend that "this is the best show in the last 2 & a half years." sweet! Thanks Helmut!
"You could come with us to see The Wiz." -Dorothy
Squirrel! (Just checking to see how many dogs use Twitter)
while cocktailing I had a Cecil Martin sighting, super nice guy - now time for the show
Doors open when you knock, not when you think about knocking...
MINDLESS BEHAVIOR IS MEGA FINE!!!! YOU MAD??? STAY MAD?!
I will live in New York.
If you are making a lot of new #flipclass vids this summer, start early! You will be glad you did.
pretty sure it is Simon Kane, a graduate student.
so why did apple name this phone 4S and not 5???
Did you know that when someone annoys you, it takes 42 muscles to frown, But only takes 4 muscles to reach out and smack'em in the head.
Any html/css/JS/Ruby folks out there looking for a well paying full time gig in San Diego, let me know asap.
Thanks for watching, ! Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
Excited about #SageU today for Sage's #socialmediaweek!
did you come up off of facebook?
Giving talks in July; there from the18th-20th. Let's meet up. (thanks to for suggesting).
No. It's saying I'm over my DM limit until a few hours! Twitter, why?!
I just love chocolate chip cookies!:)
I'm a HUGE Cowboy fan just like you and can I get a RT?
wake up! Sup son the fucks been up? Also fuck a twitter. Bring everyone to G+ nao
“: Marion Barber's weekly paycheck: $132,353.” let's just not pay barber this week.
totally! can't wait! see you there ;)
- iPhone 5 rumors? Do you believe it? Or is it just the antenna bar fix?
Can we please get a YouTube link to this?!
If you continuously assume the worst you're gonna get what you're askin for
don't touch me, please I cannot stnad the way you tease! tainted schlitz!
Happy Friday! Just a reminder for Tampa Bay Times NIE teachers: Today is the last day of print deliveries for the 2011-2012 school year.
I love the fact that you are followed by a putz who feels the need to defend you
RT Not lookin like ima get to workout today....ain't planet fitness 24hrs right??
Do i want to run track still um
he was like "you trendy people, those aren't the words"
Is this conversation really taking place????
good thing you didnt go with the other guys brake pads
oh i know right lets just think the opposite....ready....set....go! austin will never see this...lolol
my blog title is too emo no i don't wabt it
You're the one for Me I've known that ever since I looked in Your beautiful eyes.
Hey is here to talk dynamic strategy!
#yolo I don't get it. It should be #yoyo you're only young once. Half that yolo stuff won't happen after college.
Happy 100th Birthday Girl Scouts!
Is that important?
yah, i'll take 30% any day! install the pungle.me app and get shopping! Support a good cause for free this holiday season.
My winter fro is in effect.
oh no.
“: Can't wait to play the ACM's Fremont Street event on Friday, March 30th!!” YES! MADE. MY. DAY!
Thanks for following me! Let's chat some time:)
Money can't buy you love, cause it's over priced.
finally someone who is dedicated to non bullyingg!!!
it is so funny
get him hshopefuls, he needs to respect his elders lol lol
Marlene Vogelsang's job sounds like what I want to do eventually! I'm finding the SLA Fellows inspiring.
Fix the sound!!! #oscars. Also- nice job Emma stone :)
EmMontartii atleast you don't have to deal with them in a daily basis and for the next year and a half.
By my calculations, Jaromir Jagr is 447 years old.
probably because the top shelf of pastries is above your eye level. They hate the vertically challenged. Damned elitists
the BIG news? George Costanza...is getting MARRIED!
Chase pissed me off 6 transactions to get my $$$...
Swear I'm going to get myself in trouble
Omg, Lions, bears & a monkey, oh my! : Update: Officials believe 3 animals remain at large... - sheriff's briefing”
They're def trying to put the double teaming squeezes on Kei & CJ. #SKCvMTL this game is near shot less. 1 from us is IT 23 min in
VA. Tech's Kicker can't play in the sugar bowl. He robbed a house at gun pt. instead. What a special guy. Prison probably has a team!
I have a smart phone with a dumb ass battery.
Man all the new followers. I dont eat butt so u can unfollow me
what is this pottermore? i wanna duel and apparate and stuff.
“: ": Aww quit crying #BasketballWives" she need to grow some balls” lmao for real tho she better learn to speak up
I need some hard dick in my pussy, its so wet..
so then if the company ever went under, does that mean I won't be able to access it?
Things are moving!
I kinda think you should text me a belly pic! I would like to see how adorable you are whilst preggers!
I started my career as a male model with my new pal hello lion!
I'm trying! Jeeze.
sorry bro I know for a fact I'm not getting GOW3, but we should chill some time and I can play it with you, and
I will upgrade. The point of the flash site is to just have the concrete concepts displayed. I'm hiring a web designer
As a living/un-related donor, I am a huge supporter of social media's ability to expedite transplant success! Love your work.
It's the first day of Spring, but it feels like summer in DC. guess I'll have to start my countdown to fall earlier this year
Be a dynamo of irrepressible joy! Babaji The successful man is the one who had the chance and took it
May have came up with a great idea tonight. Stay tuned
Tweet tweet. Skeet skeet.
Any thoughts or feelings about the Troy Davis incident?
The late Mathilde Rovelstad, former CUA SLIS porfessor, left a bequest in her estate for largest SLIS scholarship ever. More info in April.
there are many grammatical errors in this sentence. I need you to work on that. Thanks.
1. Eat The Pussy 2. Beat The Pussy Up 3. Apologize To The Pussy By Eating It Again ! ;)
I'd LOVE to paint for you again ! Nurseries are so fun :)
this could be the worst closing effort ever, and that's saying a lot! We all saw Jose Lima close in the 90's
thought u didn't like chocolate!?!?!?!
lol dang I thought his shit was colored too
At a poetry reading by Garrett Hongo at #UCLA Library.
God, I feel so sick. x(
Bowl Games....Who cares?
OMG!..They went to live shot of the two finalist and Paul looked a little less excited. Me worried.
You're doing great!! So good to see you!! I think you'll finish ahead of ETA
Wow, crazy busy day, all projects coming in for the weekend :)
Need to find sometime to write my What to Expect When You're Expecting review so I can tell you how much I enjoyed it.
I had it on the way home, and it tasted like deliciousness, a little lukewarm, but delicious nonetheless.
$25 gift card to goes to... Steph Sharma! (no twitter handle... someone bug her and tell her!)
Fainted while getting blood drawn today
I KNOW
But that is what happens when religion and politics mix. Leads to assumptions.
who cares,we all act like tressel isnt the best coach ohio st has ever had!!So if the bands are raising money for school im all 4 it
Damn you, Cinnamon Toast Crunch. Why must you always cause the milk to backsplash?
Black Coop White Top....#KungFuPandaBear!
Yep, haha. Well I hope you'll be able to sleep soon. It's been nice tweeting you. Have a good night.
u go girl!!
can kiss my ass after these last seconds! Lol
Why is David Robertson so adorable?
Man on XBox Live is great. You can just watch endless music videos. It's like MTV before it sucked.
Ah Ryan Good is on my tv <3
hell yeah
look up to your left...320 1st row!
right?! barraged by apps, mafia wars, villes, social scopes, like damn can I live?! I swear that will be the death of FB
what's up fellow warrior.
O-wweeeeeee singing 's Harder To Breathe!! M daaaaayyyyuuuummmm. Lol. Great job!
what would I do without you guys?!
The first 3 people who go up to our DJ on the first floor & say 'I love #TrendShow at the Flagship' will win a designer fragrance!
Life w/o Mo is hard....
#Bills fans aren't used to using that word. Unless we're saying; "I wish we had more wins!"
Someone come to OTB with me
Sure hit me up when your in Vegas.
stop tagging me lmao
Trolling the Halloween candy aisle for something "healthy" to pass out, I realized I've become my mother.
only two episodes in, so you can catch the reruns! It's completely out of control!
#whereskel At Good Burger, home of the Good Burger, taking orders..
Botan rice candy! Throwback.
I'm NOT expecting a perfect man especially since I'm not a perfect woman but he will be
get at me
really how?
I give it til Thursday. Lol.
Oh wow the radio went far back #nowplaying #jodeci can I talk to you
I searched state of the union on here and it amazes me that people continue to be so inspired by things he continues to say
I love spending time with you as well baby <3 Love you bunches!
He will be so cute!
A library in Richmond has a seed lending library, how cool is that? What a great way to garden and provide a sense of community.
Talk is cheap and actions speak tons. GO PACK GO !!! : talking about NFC north
You got that right! RT: I'd watch this movie. It looks like it has substance to it. .
Odd Future-quot50quot Featuring Mellowhype lyrics in description HD - gold staplers
Your regular Chess-in-the-Schools tweeter will be on vacation next week. Welcome Claire, guest tweeter!
gg was at ur table for a min in the 1500guar. prob see you more on lock. You been able to withdraw?
• Magazine was the only media that didn’t enjoy a bounce-back in 2010
They been working on my truck for 3 hours now & still ain't done....where I'm supposed to sleep at?
TY and favored returned
i went to my cousins house across the street and had a water balloon fight!!! that was FUNN!!! gunna do it 2morrow bcus i dont have skool!!
Observed many times that the woman in the man/woman table at coffee shops is always yelling. Does volume equal voice?
i have to do everything... its bullshit!
Not as cold night with temps around freeing. Temperatures tomorrow will mimic today's conditions. Hi 55 and partly to mostly cloudy skies
" I need one of the new super cool and hip handlebar mustache cards!!! #ManCard #gzu"
Looking forward to it
Getting ready for Rapids/Galaxy at DSGP!
stepped down and didn't realize it was RIGHT there and I heard a crack. I stepped where the piece was so it cracked all the
I feel like probably threw up when he read that
War on Terrorism: Iowa Man Convicted of Mailing Pipe Bombs and ...
LMFAO L M F A O
for life... i have a headache... for life... i have a headache... nope t not as fun w/out Bamryn
Skip, you totally killed Rob Parker and that Ex-Tight End I've never heard of! GO Skip!
haha, I'm just kidding :p
:) : THE JEDEYE1 SONG OF THE DAY:ROCK WITH ME TONIGHT By Freddie Jackson
Whenever someone asks me why I live "way out in Pasadena" I try 2 describe days like this 2 them.
Going to the Froze Four in Tampa just sounds wrong but we will take it!
I'm gonna start spray tanning pretty soon. I'm either gonna come out looking like Ryan Reynolds or Bernie Mac
absolutely! You have my email? I'll DM you if you don't!
sweet! hope you can make it out on Saturday!
Im so bored dose someone wanna talk
agreeing with some of you about the the first video maybe have been more in depth and meaningful..and the whole justin timberlake talk..
I'll raise you Bon Iver - I Can't Make You Love Me (Bonnie Raitt Cover)...youtube the live version from Jimmy Fallon
. just showed the website we created with for at #NWSocial. Thanks Mike!!
How annoying ppl get freaky on twitter but can handle it in real time gtfoh
shamar told me too move on, but i cant...
NIST did number of e-book pilots before full-scale program in 2010 to get clear picture of user requirements & preferences. Bruss
HAKUNA MATATA- it means no worries.
Lmaooooo im wrong for that DM!
THIS IS SO TRUE. Shut up and Watch!
Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure
To me, you're perfect <U+2665>
Go #brewers!!!!
yup, everyone and everything is fine. Good job to all staff for fast response
This series on Bartman interfering is pretty interesting. Something I won't ever forget seeing that.
Finally you put me first!
Trying to get to 100 followers. Will someone RT this! We'll <3 you forever :)
#RyanSeacrestFollowRicardoOrdieres !Just push that follow button on his account ya know?Please?(:
Wow, I've been on a roll today with painting! I've finished 2 and I've gotten an idea for another that I just may start tonight =)
The name Quang Luu sounds like sound Little Richard would make
Libia is the Italian and Spanish spelling of what is spelled Libya in English.
I would like to thank Big Brothers Big Sisters for letting me be a part of the dedication ceremony of their new building yesterday.
Don't they have "vapor-wear" for that?
playing "Cult of Personality" w/ Corey Glover on stage. Wow!
Tech age of Evansville is here. Bring me your snazz elite clothing. Come visit Ill show you how to use the auto drop off Kiosk!!
sadly, i'm guessing some players probably dont know how to distinguish between reporters and TMZ...
. fans call NOW for ! Dish on #props & #GleeNationals by calling 714-364-4554 to chat with us & tweet us comments!
Patrice O'Neal - many of your rants on Colin Quinn's show still makes me laugh me to this day. We will miss you you fat bastard.
New exciting stuff in the works....for realz
Been up all night
Butter sock!!
OC burgers! Yum
I'm addicted to Jesus ... I just can't help myself.
Well, you do have that awesome Irish name, now that I think of it.
A nice shot of in his gloves...he has to be happy with how they feel in the rain
It's Wednesday. One more day this week. I can do this.
Think I'm gonna dye my hair black again. Kinda miss it.
A shout out to , keep supporting #occupywallstreet people! They might have more money, but we have a louder voice.
Agreed!! RT : Quote "You can’t make any impact in business without shaking hands and kissing babies", meaning => talk to people
bread wonders too
Drummers, man. Our guy has them in bright red.
hmm what might cause Thor to smite a bitch? Spitting rather than swallowing?
I have an incredible idea for you! How can I dm you? I think you'd dig big!
never trust a big butt and a smile....
No Problem .
Yep! Depending on the size of the team, fundraising program etc... we give our coaches free passes.
u strikeout?
12-year-old Chess-in-the-Schools prodigy, Justus Williams, of the Bronx becomes youngest African-American chess master!! He made history!!!!
Specials on Vector art/Screen printing jobs available. For a special price quote, please email:
I've been waiting months for on gameday tomorrow morning. Good luck EA
No problem!! we "liked" your Facebook page! I really like your music.. love your style! Thanks for following back =]
Today's Real Estate segment this morning: "if you're from Glen Ellyn Illinois, you're affluent, you're smart, and you have 2 perfect kids."
My daughter is with her friends at Warp Tour and hasn't called like she promised
Include at least one photo or image in your promotional emails for increased readability.
I got the link but thank you! :D
If liam does a twit cam today and i miss it cause I'm at school...God help the people around me.
Why is Weatherford the only one glowing like an angel on camera.
We'd love to be on the show !! I just emailed you our mp3s + bio !! Thanks !!
Call us tomorrow.
“: yes the bf and I went last Sunday loves it! Amazeballs food!! :)”
please let's get together this summer and go out on the town! I miss our craziness!!!
Traffic is the worst I have ever seen ! Avoid 62 between 169 and 100.
The smell of mosquito spray means summer is around the corner
so we have a 3 year window then?? Yaaaaaaaay
If you're not doing anything to better your situation then stop fucking complaining about it.
Nice to meet you yesterday!
saw it... Amazing!
I'm in a bar with a giant dude named Fifi and where the walls are covered in pics from the movie Hoosiers.
..... and now I'm watching people pull trees out if the Genesee downtown. Weird morning...
Thanks for the greatest dinner party ever Gnocchi and butternut squash with a butter and sage sauce? You snapped.
Sweet! Thanks!
Thank you for the interview request! Done & done!
you have no idea. Talked to so many different operators and everyone has a different story. Headed home soon finally
Just gotta let certain things go. The more I hold on to it the worse things get... But this shit is easier said than done...
my circle is tighter than tha one one tony starks chest
Closed on the re-finance today. Pleased with how it turned out.
What a great idea!! I own a mens shop, guys need to know this stuff and what better way to keep their attention.
don't tell urself that they'll probably lke u no matter how u look and ur probably really gorgeous inside and out
you gon be out here for how long?
Be kind to one another
we have a LOT to talk about.
No one is answering their phone. I take it this New Year's Eve was a success. Happy recovery, all.
We're heading for a high of 75 here. It's been nice for the past few days and supposed to hold I think. :-)
RT : What's the point in battleships and city walls, unless the people building them and protecting them are happy? —Socrates
#MyBiggestFlaw not walking away
Everytime I see you tweet I wanna slap you in real life yo !!!
my brother is driving around MA looking for a hotel at 10:00PM...great advance planning
Still tripping?
No matter how many times I hear it, I always become overwhelmed with smiles when I hear Grenade sung by !
You can DM us with any feedback or email . We'd love to hear from you, good or bad.
Actually I don't understand this.
. when photography had much more cultural currency & prestige than it does today. 2) Americans was part of an insurgent.. (cont'd)
Awesome! Congratulations to your #Daughter!
I'll come play with it! :D
thanks bud!
On the whole, i would rather hang out with Howard.
Let's just say Ravens nation were rooting for Jets yesterday.
Austin looks so hot in a tux <3., jeeze . Kidd is beyond sexy.<3 call me maybe (;
Hope you're not wearing shoes today!
how come people are so pathetic to block!
Hehehee, because someone Tweeted this account, so I'm on it through my.phone. :)
Up n at em early GM world how u?
Still, Cal uses public forum doctrine, which is a cramped way to do this, unless you start trying to move forum doctrine to internet
Miss u man! Guess I have to travel to the A for some ice cream! Congrats!
Where is this same outrage over the nine-year-old who was pepper sprayed by the police?
It has been one of those days. Seeing a performance of Handel's Messiah tonight though.
Influenced by idiotic people was your downfall
lol, totally just got an email saying that HENRY ROLLINS is a keynote at ACRL 2013. yes, that's an academic library conference.
I got a Huge game plan i'm currently preparing to hit y'all with in this coming summer season! Stay tuned, you don't want to miss this.
A body in motion, stays in motion.
i told hi in the hall today after 6th ._____. i got dissed or he didn't notice.
Dad touches down in East Lansing MI tonight!
It's so hot in my house!!!!
Ugh, keep getting distracted from my paper by all the interesting links on twitter. :/
Baylor.. Get it together...
Okay so after serious consideration and a bunch of sleepless nights, I’ve finally concluded that there’s no such thing as a grown up.
yeah bruthas that will lock a boi UP literally haha
Tune in to #MixCares4Kids Radiothon broadcasting live from till 6PM today! Call 800-457-KIDS to support
trust me I know everything !
I thought I was the only one that did that until 500,000 other people 'liked' it on facebook.
Loving the new Mary J Blige & Rick Ross song "Why?". Nice beat....
Looks but nothing serious yet. R u man?
,Hey i love you.
The complexity of the Java project I'm on is leading to the use of honkingLongCamelCasedVariableNames
You are ABSOLUTLY Amazing! Will you please follow me? :)
shits realer than swiss cheese.
come and put your name on itt
Let's figure something out. That sounds awesome.
"Most winners usually encountered obstacles before they triumphed. They won because they refused to become discouraged by their defeats"
Yeah, I Kept calm and started laughing and Salad was talkin to me. But when I fell it was nbd. Lol
Happy Friday! Remember to treat your customers like you want to be treated today.
I don't mess about when I give those out. :) Only cool people have those on their keychains.
sory busy morning
doing her thang! Love it.
I am! I'm excited too. RT Looking forward to #DUXCamp this weekend. Who else is going?
i dont really like to give that out, but im from towards the south :)
World Of Dance was nuts this weekend! Hello to old and new friends. Thanks for stoppin thru and hangin out <3
AH was chanting USA USA....meaning Edison has a lot of illegals! Alamo whites means just that they're white. NOT THE SAME!
Manchester United would be really bad in a fight. All you have to do is tap them on the shoulder and they fall to the ground....
its penut butter jelly time ! penut butter jelly , penut butter jelly aha !
Here at the Southern Region Oratorical Contest
my ex always said it was poor form
People are crazy!!! Do you ever read the crazy crap people put on twitter????????
Yes Ma'am!
Tonight is in Hollywood Arts Park. Eat at and more!
Wanna get a bottle but owners got some nigga trapped in there cause he stole lmao
Hahahah I bet can't tweet now :)
Good luck tonight to and in their quest for that last playoff spot!
Looking forward to hiking in Estes w/ &
your band is shitty and your girl is ugly.
Vacation starts NOW!!!
just tweet pics of the pups all day!
Thus ends the 2011-12 BU men's hockey season.
No way! Thats outrageous!
Arm and hand: heavy arm
Going forward when the going gets tough is not a test of how tough you are but how strong your faith is.
I need a street fighter x tekken partner!
What is your concept of pride? Is it good or bad to have? Thoughts?
and I would LOVE to! (: I love Philly!
budgets must be gettin tight. no tkts in 5yrs then 2 in a week going 12 over in the right lane on open roads. worlds largest street gang
Service to God and Country
Monster energy drink tastes like crap on a stick! Why am I drinking it?!?
Yeah! I'm excited about it
When it comes to securing a quality mortgage loan,look beyond the interest rate to the true cost of the loan, both now and in the future.
The wife, texted me if corn syrup goes bad? I planned on using for pecan pie. I don't know. Does it?
pa follow guys ! salamat :o)
What's the most courageous thing you've done up to this point?
Washington Redskins at Carolina Panthers kicking off at 1:00 PM ET #redskins #panthers #nfl (Via )
how's it going? Hope all is well.
I need more followers! Any Takers?
“: uh i did last week!! #IfOnly i didnt have to wake up from it ” haha I know right! Mine was SERIOUS. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>
A bunch of you now have the theme from Hong Kong Phooey running through your head, don't you? And if you didn't before, you do now.
The cardio program I did tonight kicked my ass off to bed now! See you in the AM oh wait we are in the AM already! NIGHT! <3
I have no problem with HL printing their cartoon. I'm a big boy & its a cartoon. I can read stuff that upsets me & stay calm.
Oh you designed Re-Mission? Nice!
lol you really don't want her?
RT : It seems to be a law of nature, inflexible and inexorable, that those who will not risk cannot win.~ John Paul Jones
Why is it that I get so excited these days whenever I see someone on rollerblades? #supportthemovement!
sure if it's a day game.
Monday's Cool Cats question is on PBS KIDS page. Answer it correctly for a chance to win a prize pack from your friends at NCircle!
I don't need to hear you all tell me "I told you so" again. Just leave me the fuck alone.
Mean the WORLD to me if I got a follow back.. </3
Sang Neon Knights with Vinny Appice!!! Hell to the yes!!! \m/ \m/
Jess just bought Some manolo blahniks in NY. I'm retaliating by buying a red sox sweatshirt at bob's.
lol yes please! and thank you :D
2012 Goal #2: Get accepted into the Kona Ford Ironman via lottery bid. That's an easy one since it's outta my hands.
Boom! #Brewers RT : The L'Astros = the cure for what ails ya
Welcome to ATL - stop by CNN if you have a chance. All the best for your patents.
Saw some high-waisted orange jeans at Urban Outfitters that were giving the mannequin a camel toe. Wonder how many of those have sold.
Drive Me Crazy just became available. A reminder of our childhoods?
Please feel free 2 communicate w/me; i love humor as You can tell; YOU have my attention! Let me know if i can help You
This is gonna be one Hell of a Weekend.
Follow me for a S/O
awww....I swear your heart is just going to flat quit one day. U going to your appt?
Happy Birthday Frances Perkins! alumna, first woman in the cabinet, and namesake of one of the best movie character ever.
I think every development student interested in humanitarian work should study the Biafra case. Seriously.
Okay I think I followed every1 back BUT if I didn't tweet me and I will follow back (:
Hadn't seen that; thanks! I will add that to our collection of prior art.
I have no salad.
Hey what is up Dave? You around?
I never get hopeful with TT and free agents RT : Wait, what? Don't make me hopeful about a Clay/Mario tandem...
Exciting week here at Jack's Soap where we are finalizing our packaging designs! Can't wait for you to see.
I have the sweetest roomates ever! Suprised me w/ a giant homemade cupcake, gifts and homemade card!
Gearing up for Cub Scouts. I really don't have the energy to herd seven second graders tonight.
#BeenInLove wit him, he has had my heart frm the start... ..we have history!!
With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable.
Can't wait to go to Claim Jumper in Opry Mills soon! Takes me back to my Colorado days!
Crocs are the simplest form of birth control ...
I may need to organize a showing of The Last Waltz in honor of Levon. Unless the Castro Theatre does it...
#ThatFeelingYouGet after a Shoe Shine. Ready to take on the #world! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A1>
": My parents accused me of lying today.I lookd at dem & said "tooth fairy, easter bunny, santa claus" & walked away like a boss."
you are an amazing inspiration to me! Please follow? Thanks! TI AMO! <3 :)
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can. Paul Tournier
The new demo is recorded. we're less than 24 hours from our 1st live #jamsession in 2012! Can't wait!
Would love to give a talk in Dubai. Anyone have any biz/tech/university contacts there?
you honestly are beautiful and so is your song <3
It makes me sad when tweets back people n I'm never 1 of them, people tell me to wait for the time to come, but when is it!
RTRT “: i'd rather get dumped than lied to.”
Poolside. Working on my summer glow. Lol
saw Makerbot here at CES, it's unbelievable in person. Such a clever idea and amazing implementation.
Thank you! I will pass it on to our #coffeelovers! We love hearing from you during #gettoknowyourfollowers week!
You are quite beautiful (based off your pics)
The trivia question was wrong....they forgot Mike Matheny
MIA forever the best..!!
Beautiful day, windows down, blasting music, tanning, and running outside. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> love this weather
ur 2 kind & u have my number :-)
Dan. It might help you to think of the > or < signs like alligator mouths, they are eating the number in the open part of the mouth.
ha... nope, totally my drink. I could pull off a Kristen tho... right?
FHA loans allow borrowers to receive their down payment as a gift from a relative.
Is this a book? or an article?
just got my ass beat on the ground...SAY WHAT?!
Checking out some Light Asylum thanks to a post I saw on LinkedIn from Eric is linking me in to new music
Lucky duck!
can we tweet?
Thank you! All handmade and designed... Took forever!!
Great Madison race now it's time for Paris Roubaix
Let it be.
"Trojan War" is definitely pantheon JLH.
Grumpy that I can't get a better spot to watch the game.
what up
This was a big #usguys event!Thanks all for the community support~~
I tbink im starting to get tbe hang of matb
what the hell is wrong with you lmao!
how mean is to me sometimes <<<
Look out ya'll, just ripped 40!
Walker promised jobs. He's almost half way thru his term. He got EVERYTHING he wanted. We got job loss.
Make that shoutouts! iPhone has the oddest auto correct
Who is coming out to the show tomorrow?! :D We better see y'all get down! Especially to "Self Made" :D Go wild!
Tonight, we celebrate.
#HugeJackman ": I get the feeling no one thinks #HugeAckman is as funny a play-on-words as I do. (cc: )"
My long hike after work changed from an awareness of the anatomy of the walk to one of the geography of the walk.
because i didnt get any
#Touchdown #Bruins!!! Waiting for the extra point!
Anytime, Honey! I'm one of those people that refuses to let ANYONE OR THING fuck with my serenity! Enjoy life to its' fullest!
39How to choose the best wooden rabbit hutch for your bunnies- wooden rabbit hutches
What do you mean by sleep? Get up! Get cracking!
feel you broski
So theres this boy. And he stole my heart. RT if someone has ever stolen your heart
Happy New Year everyone!
Visit our booth 5672 #CTIAW12 May 8-10th Reserve your spot for a demo of Current Analysis.
Dear dad- do u think watches oprah and cries?
Cam told me "You're such a Libra"... what does that even mean? Lol
Hi Ho, Hi Ho, it off to work I go, but I will not be happy in my work. To sick and sore.
#ImagineAustin *smiles* you:What? Austin: it's just that I'm the luckiest guy ever! You:why? Austin:because i have u! (: *Hugs*
Wit all these rappers calling themselves bitches I can understand why u niggas confused I grew up listening to real niggas
I left a long time ago there isn't much to do tonight
I've been very impressed with how Kentucky's responded to the pressure. You know, the pressure of playing for extra cash.
Cant wait til 2moro , chilln with my sis from another mother , You already know ,.
Ankle survived.
Hip hop artists speak out on the war — Originally published April 2, 2003
the Suburbs Sat interested?
And thanks to all the GF bloggers and students tonight!
Spilled Au Jus sauce on my keyboard earlier. This, in fact, does not make picures of Courtney Stodden taste better.
government was huge FHA gi bill interstate construction etc...
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do
Thomas Carlyle A good general not only sees the way to victory; he also knows when victory is impossible
Tip of the day: the internet is a great place.
#JustinBeiber trying to rap? #EPICFAIL Give up kid, because you don't pull it off.
At school bored!
Good luck tonight and I'll be there watchin <U+26BE>
I wouldn't mind seeing Cotto drop Mayweather this round.
wonderful! So glad you enjoyed Locals' Night at CHI! :)
Kelly Clarkson will not blow the National Anthem, cause it will be prerecorded...Lipsync...but Love U Kelly!
Tyson texted me asking if I was busy tonight, I have a feeling he texted the wrong person.
Its go time tonight! Time to win this series and drop that magic number by 2.
Amazing! Congrats!!! “: Thrilled to say I'm moving to Dubai this summer to cover #Iran for Somebody pinch me!”
AlphaBeer is one month from today! RSVP to try a beer for every letter of the alphabet. http: //bit.ly/chiabiv
Christina most useless #Survivor ever? Alicia most blinded by ego?
Fuck the rangers
Its worth the time to check em out trust me .
Forgot you're from Cali! I grew up going to Spirit West Coast. Thanks for the kind words :) Tee's coming your way!
Leave #SameSexMarriage up to states is #BS! What about Womens Voting Rights, Interracial Marriage, the ADA Act, Civil Rights, Slavery??
- hah just saw your tweet. Were Jimmy or I within earshot? If so there's a 100% chance of a "that's what she said" response.
: is the greatest living turntablist. Gnarly to say the least.
WOOHOO!! RT : “: Good morning & Happy Monday people....”. And back atcha Coach! Have a great week!
No more testing :)
My birthday is almost over :( but its been a great day
where the heck are you?
Strange Clouds
Metta World Bad Decisions.
You can export citations to the clipboard and paste them wherever you need, but loses some of the robustness of Word.
I am a voice over actor see my website for more info and samples Ed Hawthorne www.hawthornesvoice.com
So cool RT Neiman Marcus launching location based app that pings users w/ deals when they walk into the store
Real Eyes , Realize , Real Lies . Open your eyes and realize who your real friends are because if all they do is lie their not real friends
lol what I tell you about pondn me off to ppl.
Never let life pass yhu by
Exactly. It's a complicated, hard-to-quantify profession that is trying to be quantified by many who don't understand it.
Today I caught myself smiling for no reason... then I realized I was thinking about you.
Watching brides maids with Sydney .
Yea I've been thinkin about him
oh how I miss have those on the Dvr.
Certificate (suitable for framing), public acclaim, and money
Pinkberry #Mandeville current flavors: Original, peach, coconut, chocolate, pom, mango
I miss my peoples Mann! I remember when everybody used to stay here those were the best times of my life.Now we are dismembered : (
You have got to be one of the sweetest people. I'm proud to be a fan. :)
Ha, Thanks, They took so many pictures, just happened to use the one i was in. I keep telling them I'm the eye candy.
las vegas
Juliet Simms Forever
Pet peeve of mine (sorry if this is you): people that refer to themselves as a genius, guru, sherpa, ninja, etc.
Shane needed to die. After so much backstabbing, and him wanting to steal Lori and Carl from Rick.. he had to go.
Only about 7hrs til its the weekend for me! And... its pay day!!! TGIF EVERYONE!
Great opening last night! Looking forward to round two!
Bad bi~$h n pink n yellow...club ESSO is jumpn lol
good just went shopping thank god hahaa! hbu?
i have 1 thats 10 min away! Omg same im in a relationship with food(:
This joke doesn't really work in Minnesota, does it.
USA USA USA! They are in the finals. Hope Honduras beat Mexico ;)
A two cellos version of "Smell's Like Teen Spirit" on my Mozart station is a
but I am
#ItsCrazyHow things change in a blink of an eye.
Giving you praise this morning God.
Let me know if you need help with your billing - billingcamp could give you a rapid kickstart
I know I should have known better, but the organic grape tomatoes from Trader Joe's taste terrible right now.
Hells Angels were the bouncers at the first north face store.
Thank you to Marlene and our Habit friends for a great night last night! Hope you all had fun! We did!
Yam yam thank you mame
Don't fly spirit air.
Must see The Secret World of Arrietty!
A5 The deal has nothing to do with targeting NASCAR fans, but reaching influence-makers that relate to her
Chad and I would of gotten a beer. Just saying ;) but we are ALMOST alcoholics.
It's very understated. I would wear it.
RT : A man with cancer caused by a radioactive spider bite dresses as Spiderman for a children's cancer ward. #logline pass
Good morning world <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Pedro E. Guerrero: Photographs of Modern Life Opening this Thursday, April 5th at Woodbury University Hollywood Gallery
start em young & start em right!
I go on twitter and i see myself posing on his background !! aye lol mine the biggest to ! :)
Million and 1 questions but
This dude with frazzled hair and short shorts looks like he drives a maroon van with curtains and coaches little league.
Every time I hear a Colbie Caillat song I think of (odd pairing I know)
& our horses will be making $$$ in NBA... Who knows what next yr will bring. Wish NCAA made them stay at least 2 years
Too sweet, Sam! Thank you!
oh gosh. I'm not too young. :o
Damn. Looks good guys. How's downtown today? It's dead on Planet Hawth. The rain planet.
Rise and shine
you're right near my work!! we should meet for lunch lattes some time :)
S/O goes to the ever so gorgeous ===> <=== for following back, What's good tho talk to me I talk back lol
Done. Cuz you said so.
how are u doin
I could definitely use a coke right now...
A Nightmare On Elm Street has been playing on repeat on my TV since Tuesday...
thinking of you today and sending strength
I really dislike Facebook which means a competitor has room to offer a better product.
Sushi, sushi, sushi...Yummy
Not my favorite, but I think Harriette Winslow is tremendously underrated. Original Harriette Winslow, not version 2.0.
DC bound for an early start to the weekend! Please send recos on where I can eat, shop and eat. Danka.
Hey! I saw you're going to the chicago concert. :D me too! where are you so lucky to be seated?
All my haters die slow & decay.
I agree, I do have fun. But my nerves get me sometimes. Good tip thx.
Please keep tweeting and RTing tweets about ! Every post counts!
cute cat!
I'm about to give up on this assignment man
Gotta tighten up that defense! And hit the glass harder. Miami is out working the Bulls on the glass.
I'm a cool cat, but i'm on life nine.
I like it in the butt
Yeah man. That joint is fire man. Catchy, lyrically sound, moving and spiritual.
“: I b bullshittin like nah Ima go home get dress & goo out 15 mins later Nah I'm tired; I'm staying in #notasyungasiusetobe”
Tomorrow is going to be 100° WHY DO I HAVE TO LIVE IN A DESERT
i love pasta parties with the track team :)!
Be the first to respond to the trivia question and receive 1 King Tut ticket! What year did Howard Carter discover the tomb of King Tut?
No, but I played a glock once in marching band.
I nominate "it's more complicated if it's smoked" as most enduring line of the evening
This weeks schedule: Weds @ Suite21, Fri. @ Aji Lounge, Sat @ E-Bar.
Nickel- to quarter-sized hail in Homewood.
Thank You so much ! Your so sweet ! :)
Since everyone's at school i'm gonna tweet to see if he replies.
I was there today, they have hundreds of suits
4G LTE on the new iPad! So far, rumors are proving to be true...
it's Tuesday. We're not moving it.
Can't stop drinking the coffee.If I stop drinking the coffee,I stop doing the standing, the walking & the words-putting-into-sentence doing.
late happy birthday! I meant to tell you sooner but oh well! #AdultFinally!
Don't we all...
Your application is really impressive. Good luck! RT : let's hope my Alt Press application has the same charm!
There are few things I have more of a love/hate relationship than week one of
I'm in a sassy mood for a new sassy Ped. Pal Foot Scrubby "Hm i really do like "Monkey slaps! Sweet w/some tart, but to the point
If someone can damage your ego or hurt your confidence in 140 characters, seek therapy.
Great show content today from Kordell Norton! Download the podcast later today if you missed it!
lets not minimize somebody elses #pain just because it is a minimal pain in our lives..#help is tangible,, #hope is emotional. first
We will get your name right. Just like you will blow up Sooner offenses for years to come.
I sense a slight bias.
If you're scared of spiders, you're more likely to find them in your room. I'M SCARED OF VINCENT CASTRONOVO. (;
On another note, why are Harold and kumar movies still being made?
When is the last time that J.D. recorded a hit? Was it in April?
And I will be the most ecstatic fan because I was the ONLY fan before five years ago when they were the sonics and drafted KD
Never forget: Today in 1945, Soviet troops in Poland liberated the infamous Nazi concentration camp complex collectively known as Auschwitz.
u claiming wiz name nd u dnt even smoke
what does colloquial even mean..
will be storm chasing in Kansas this weekend, so there will be no podcast on Saturday.
Okay, now this is the part I dont like about Cali--traffic
East Mountain at is open for the season! The freezing cold isn't so bad when you know their making snow in the Poconos:)
And If I Send You A Message ; You BETTER Answer It .
All he does is bash me on social networks... God forbid I do that though.
Asylum Blackout at Gateway next Friday wanna check it out?
H's GOOD MEN GOOD WOMEN & CTW's original treatment are as humane as they are effortlessly, unpretentiously intelligent. Like their makers
U.S. Sees Intellectual Property Rights Still Threatened
Ryan surprised me - we're going out to dinner tonight! Recommendations? Looking for something new, different, and delicious!
#ImSickOf this trend, can we get new ones?
its on a website somewhere. I downloaded a copy of it, but don't remember where.
Ohh, sweet baby jesus, for real!?!
Sean Yo: "Don't forget, Google is basically a screen reader; what is good for web accessibility is usually good for search engines as well."
too be honest your being a ass like honestly does so much for u an u cant even tweet or dm happy birthday too her
#RepFresen need your help to pass #SafeHarbor laws! www.kristihouse.org & help kids!
Dryers will be out soon in Talladega; hoping that the rain doesn't become a pain rest of the day
thank you!! Miles 11-13 were not my friend Haha. I now know what to expect though!
Michelle Obama & Dr. Jill Biden host #Mother's Day tea party at White House today.
It's a good day in Illinois when my Brewers beat the Cubs. Again. For the second day in a row.
well, best of luck to you too. don't worry too much.
Hey Kelsi I haven't seen you in a while how are you doing at UMKC?
Together we soar, social workers rock
every day. Ramen.
can't. stop. thinking. about. race. officially obsessed.
What good music are you listening to this Good Friday?
: The biggest news from the Apple event: the new iPad is simply called the new iPad
RT : That moron Terry appealing for offside.
thanks for the follow
My morning started out not too good- my afternoon is turning into something #fabulous!
Parnaby now gives up a 3 run bomb. #byu takes lead 6-3 now bottom 1st. Ricketts now in.
Happy Wednesday!
TOTALLY. To every word you said.
Hate is like a loaded gun, cruelness is a knife. Love is a bandage, encouragement is a lifesaver.
RT Exercise is labor without weariness. Samuel Johnson
Drummer, "I'm serious, the click track is slowing down every time I get to the chorus."
Next up... cost effectiveness of genetic testing on an individual basis
ur baby was born a day early. If u coulda held out a day then he'd share a bday with ur fav Ashley Judd. Congrats by the way
onto something with #HouseOfLies now just hope lives up to its reputation
I feel like it'd be a good thing for you to remember me by. Or just throw them away. Maybe I can meet you guys out after the game
You don't have to worry. No, you don't ever have to hide.
sad, can't even poor the ball in play at the end
Yea that why no one fuck with us
I see you fam it's ya boy Big Lex aka Al/lov L.O.D. do that thang fam get @ me
All you gotta do is miss me.
IM FLIPPING SHIT. BRO. I NEED JUSTIN BIEBER ALREADY. ALSKDJDHSNANA
They better give me something for waiting for so long
RT : When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.
Yep, thats why they call it "practicing" (Doctor: I practice medicine)
no ideas right now...wanting to read some twilight zone stuff
Brian Legette () is up to speak about ZeroChroma,LLC.
the eye of the jellyrage
I called it... Dallas in 6
The single most important thing in life is focus. A key to maintaining powerful focus is to have direction from mentors, coaches & friends.
#DLHQ Remember less editing,bigger ratings.
Haha our house is so massively big, mom has to call my cell phone to call me. If she yells, I won't hear. :P
Different era, different media, different pop culture.
#143143 n Nadia is my name
My neck is a little sore, need a massage. Been whipping my hair back and forth with Truman!
Muppet of a Man
Lent my friend the book "Occult Anatomy and the Bible." by Corinne Heline. Really good. Ordered "Tarot and the Bible."
What the! Why Kit is crying? I can't wait for tomorrow!
no me gusta~
My Grammie too! RT I wish my Grandma Roz and I would have been in our 20's at the same time. She was my BFF from another generation.
nah, his mean 'ol boss wouldn't let him go... :-)
arriving at the premiere of #follies at with !
Fantastic! You'll love it :)
#Wait vs
yes percussion with my knife!
lmao ... but its so beautiful ... lmao im weird i cant stop laughing
You got rain? We got umbrella hats!!
lol well im lost and have no idea what to do lol
Really enjoyed your segment on KSR. Good luck with the show!!
You got it buddy, just turn in your brackets. The pay out is hickeys from a dirty whore & airbrushed precious moments t-shirts.
Media Conference Call: Tensions in the U.S.-China Relationship
Wow, You so hit that on the head! I needed that.
I consider myself more of a sweats and Birkenstock's writer.
I like it cause its true. #MittsUnfit RT: : I like it as a meme.
Foligno and McNabb the future leaders of the tough new le'core
Anyone out there as excited about Sunday as us?!
In related news...we are less than a month away from more Yuengling.
nice. I used to run whores out of that house..
#thatakwardmomentwhen you use the same twitter joke as thousands of other accounts on twitter"
Quick trip down Memory Lane for kicks: last year's #Autism Summit
wiil put you in direct contact with top earners.We are global and building this personally. www.thegreatproduct.com/dou... -douggieb
lol @ tweet everybody the way you want to be tweeted!
Traffic has not moved at all for at least 20 minutes.....
just cleared space in my room for your poster. RT THIS IF YOUR HAND HURTS FROM SINGING ALL OF THEM <3
The semi trucks are here, and Fiddler on the Roof is being loaded in to Popejoy!
PPR Nate Washington or Reggie Wayne??????
Fuck, I want you
RT : RT : CRYSTAL CLEAR CAREERS- Change - Change can be a good thing: With Crystal Clear Career Clarity...
Glad you enjoyed the cider!
Back in DC, missing the great State of Texas and all its glory #fb can't believe I missed out on :( :(
I see is down.
- I feel you with that Stella.
Just had a nerdgasm realizing that and are both local!
I'm gonna make you beg for it.
shorter : don't go to college; stay stupid and vote republican.
lol if you so nice can you give me a massage :)
RT : Everybody goin to Vegas huh.... <-- That seems to be the move
wants to go a day without hearing anything about Sarah Palin!
Thank god I got off early tonight! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
you are increadible to me i will always love you no matter what happens just know you got that loves you !
Mike Aiken Lands Underwriting Deal with Takamine Guitars.
GAMEDAY!!! Coach Alexander and the FINS host Wagner TONIGHT at 630pm from John Sessions Stadium! Come out and watch some baseball
Together we shall become the most community oriented medical school in the nation.
best part of watching on tv: the horrified reaction shots from the TV audience when she talks about cheese
Q10. Ways to make extra money while traveling?
Holding this timeworn shard. Simple roughness & primitive beauty. I feel the spirit of the Ancients. We are the caretakers of their world.
Don't forget to turn off your iron when you are finished pressing your clothes!
good ideas in dinning,shopping, and partying in 9 major cities in america await you on my website at www.kingarthurspassport.com
take lots of photos.
ck out our music web site
DUB-STEP, HOUSE , TOP 40, INSIDE COCO XO !!! JULIO DJ IN THE VIDEO MIX!! ASK FOR THE MANNY SPECIAL=NO COVER+FREE APPETIZER+ COMP CHAMPAGNE
You are always so gracious. You should have been nominated, also.
Lyrical Trilogy Ranked Number 11!!!!!! moving on up!!!! Got a new track coming be on look out "SO SPECTACULAR" By Lyrical Trilogy...
The easiest diet ever is - Try it….you’ve already tried everything else right
Sickening. RT : At a Rick Santorum event at a shooting range, as Santorum fires into a target, a woman shouts "Pretend it's Obama."
good food trucks need good eaters and we thank you for it!
>>>MLM News! Fuel Saver Group( New Company Listing )
I didn't see Hex. Is is entertaining on any level?
JUSTICE for #KELLYTHOMAS NOW!! STOP #HATE CRIME AND cops who MURDER #homelesshumans ! praying 4 u Thomas family! -john
jesus, im waiting on someone to leave my room and you are all getting a pic of my (covered) ghetto booty .. so pfffft i say!
probably several times. So far for sure this friday to sunday and for spring graduation
do you guys know about ?
0hglory thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Met and chatted with Gabby Sidibe's mom last night. She performs every Saturday night in the Herald Square subway station.
don't assume things that you don't even know
People change, memories don't.
There is no way to happiness - happiness is the way ~ Wayne Dyer
Great day with 3rd graders and diving into U.S. Presidents! Looking forward to more adventures tomorrow!
you're my life<U+2665>
Funniest baking experience EVER!! My cousin Olivia got her hair caught in the mixer!! Smh.
1;00am i gots school tomorrow :/ but...IT'S FRIDAY FRIDAY GOTTA GET DOWN ON FRIDAY :D
Hello South Miami, we are listening the feedback, some adjust to the menu will be done, Brown Rice is coming.....!!!.
When it comes to life be selfless,when it comes to men be selfish,give them the left overs of time and affection that your LIFE doesn't need
Pewaukee to by 7:00am on Monday, best route & how long? Thanks for the help :+D
Thanks! Hope to see you at the talk! Really looking forward to RootsTech. :-)
Ok, why am I addicted to "The Bachelorette"...I like Emily
It's 1 of those days when you wanna say, "Guess how good my day was?! Guess how good my day was?!" but know you'd just annoy people.
thanks! That was Big Shoulders out of Chicago.
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
FaithPerez4 thanks for following me on Twitter!
Pick me 5 more until my 1000th career win! I'm giving a twitter follower a signed winner circle picture & goggles when it happens
Any suggestions on where to live or not live in Los Angeles?
Lying to me isnt going to solve anything especially when I know you're lying.!
“: I hate when you look up a question on yahoo answers and those cunts write something like "Do your own work"” omfg my life ._.
I'm crazy about the cover of April Bloomfield's book myself.
from your lips to god's ears
hahah you have really lighthearted funny tweets :D i like it!
True he def is!
#Libra MB guy of the day: Roc
babe, I can't watch da video.):
ily!!! I'm so proud of you ! & even though I'm stuck in the fiu garage I still can't believe u graduated.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Not a good week for my man His tards and now Steelers. Hope his son doesn't have a game this week
come on out with me and Jeff one night. Jump right in with both feet ;) lol
I eat chickfila fries like everyday, except Sunday of course.
I am actually enjoying my lasagna! Missing school today!!!! :) I'm still sick...
TRUE confidence leaves no room for JEALOUSY, so when you know your that GREAT you don't have time to HATE <3 >;]
#Manning really screwed up the AFC East QB scene! The #Dolphins have no one and now #Sanchez has #Tebowmania breathing down his back
checking twitter on the way to something else and find & debating short-lived tv. I love you guys.
I love the wild, freeform process of creating a show with I'm so excited to see #NIGHTSWEATS pull together. -
I never knew there was such thing as a kissing. Day.
4 years ago right now I was crying on our drive to live in MKE. I had no idea how much those 2+ years would change my life forever.
I don't want this day to end.
Nero is the new dubstep sound that I'm digging!!!!!
Peace in between my sheets.
Final reminder: "The Neverending Story" midnight screening at the Nuart (originally this Friday) has been moved to Nov. 4 due to Carmageddon
I think u should really trademark "Jack in the Box Recruiting Artist." This is getting fun. cc:
cameo in Otis video was classic!!
& it's not even his birthday...
LOL WEL IF SHE SAID THAT THEN YOU NEED TO TAKE THEM OFF OR LIL WILL GONE HVAE TO COME UP THERE N GET YOU
writing YDG?! in my moms mothers day card because we both love >>
Let them sit a couple of days bc they weren't quite ripe yet. Thanks for the smoothie suggestion!
Dear , I expect child support or else I WILL see you on !
RT : Dogs arguing that nihilism expresses the most virtuous, practicable utopia, and citing the nearest object as evidence.
Curious about OpenGrounds? Come check out the #OGStudio today during Open Hours from 830-1130am! (located in The Corner Building)
my mother doesn't like my hooker heals.
Thanks for the good words, and for the notice on your twitter feed!
"What does this button do?" "I dont know, just press it"
I could give people the link to my story if you want :)
I thought It was follow 4 follow lol
After Black Keys & drinks for our "team building" event, Maryam said "I think our team has been built".
This is why I adore that gorgeous man known as
A vote for me is not a wasted vote... but I will waste you if you don't. That's a promise I will keep.
They ARE disappointed! Reporting while hanging on to a lamp post looks great for their reels.
or... just hang out for hot chocolate... tea... scotch... whatever. I need to get some air. Consumed w/ stress RE his health
I can't..but that asymmetrical halter top is fab
Twilark, thank you. I love your fabulous one line poems. Beautiful and comforting.
Please please please tell me that Justin and Selena didn't break up!
Stoked for City Arts and Lectures lineup to benefit 826. Joyce Carol Oates...swoon.
Happy #FF! First shout goes to #nsvfsummit speakers:
can you eat some for me as well, since I can't make it?
yeah, if we can get this studio booked! :)
I'm on my money making mission
You always look great, 2D or 3D. That is a great picture!
Man I've been so sensitive today...dnt like this
Your welcome. It was a very interesting article.
yea i noticed recently americans don't like to use spoons. weird.
That was a pretty kickass episode of #madmen. Very impressed.
Paul Konerko is a professional hitter.
God thanks u 4 another day! I love u!
I want Ariana to be the first celebrity I meet.
#Big Shoutout to Casey Therriault JSUs former white Quarterback signing with Atlanta Falcons. Welcome to A-Town Therriault
awwweeee! Explains a lot
Hahahahaha!! Thats fucked up. RT : Mexico is so beautiful. Maybe theyll finish it one day.
there releasing a brand new album real soon , i dont remember when tho
The only really disappointing aspect of this LA visit has been not seeing Darrel from Storage Wars even once.
When was MJ arrested for rape? Nothing to clear his name from. Everyone knew he cheated.
Enjoyed playing at #Holland Park in #Fishers with the kids on this beautiful day!
my legs are so sore, i can barely walk... waaah.
they made me do the line up thing to see who did it n i freaked out when i saw him
don't suffer ; truely young
definitely not!
Thanks for following, A! Let us know if there is anything we can do for you!
Dear John definitely makes me cry everytime <U+E022>
I don't want to wish my life away but wow, I'm glad this Monday is over!
hey lady...have you started our book yet?
Finna K.O
Early Check-in. We're very excited for our new residents!
Mother fuckers just don't understand
Props to Lob- I mean Comeback City!
RT : thanks everybody for the warm words re my new position as co-editor of RWW / we
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!
oh girl I'm sorry for all that traffic!
I Wnt call/text none of them no mre.
Eat Pray Love. Just don't go to India.
Don't believe a word that I haven't heard, little children laughing at the boys and girls
it was beautiful!
Haha she is n that's one of the reasons why I love her butt=)
Lucked out, no jury duty tomorrow!
Or is it use to facebook.. I think its the latter.. I suck mucho big time
There is a good possibility that Mike Seidel and John Clayton are the same person.
I think Wednesday, the 22nd will work - meet around 6 somewhere? DM me deets.
Once someone says "STOP",there is always #thatoneperson that feels the need do it...."Hammertime!"
Now hiring all shifts! Stop in today for info and an application.
Happy Easter Everyone! Eggs and Chocolate for Everyone!
Finally its nice out
lol where do you live
41% of French men and women admit to having taken part in group sex.
I'd like to see you impersonate That would be a site to see!
's Spanish dancing made my life. Plus is Colombian and so am I, woot woot !!
follow back please?
I'm so depressed... my glasses broke :'(
Got that right. He's pretty talented.
Pleased the man at the hardware store sided with my methods over my husband's shortcuts.
Usually theyre pretty quick? RT : My driver took the long way, but the bottled water here is chilled so
tweet tweet, I dig the bird... but they're all great!
McKenzie Eddy & Co getting ready to sound check for tonight's Tillman Blu
I won't be able to make it this weekend. Good luck on your show!
i cant watch without smileing :)
I have a feeling it's one of those apps I've granted permission to use my twitter, though. :(
lol! Too funny! How's everything? Any new projects? I'm on episode 32 now, 18 to go. So much to learn, its crazy lol.
Hurray! Happy for reunion with This time I WILL make your morning yoga class.
no one :P
If you feel that you have both feet planted on level ground, then the university has failed you.Robert Goheen.
RT : ALL OF MY BITCHES.
we did IVF too!
G's up Hoes down if the bitch can't swim she gon' drown
“our choices are not between richness and poverty or between fame and obscurity. Our choice is between good and evil.”
ios5.1 simulator is naked, literally
^ Parent/Child relationship is a two way street-both participate in speaking & listening-otherwise it isn't a relationship but a...
TONIGHT! Does Public Sex Matter? Petite Mort Q&A with Carlos Motta & Billy Miller 6-8pm.
it's gone put up or shut up,& you know we love to put em up
Charles Augustus Lindbergh Jr.~ To a person in love the value of the individual is intuitively known. Love needs no logic for its mission.
" almost half time you wouldnt make it in time!!
Why rnt u just texting me? Wht r u doing
I guess this means you are one of the tn librarians going to legislative day ;) who else is going?
Just rode home in a cop car. LONG STORY now that shit
Megan Harris hits in Byxbee and Cavaliers extend lead to 2-0 after 4 complete.
You know its week one of the college football season when Virginia Tech is beating Appalachian St. by 53 points!
I don't know about that but you are welcome. I thought the comments after the article were most interesting.
5 minutes devoted to the non-issue with the Vikings? Really ESPN, why devote so much time to Brett Favre being an asshole, yet again?
: I'm saying that it's better than not having it on TV at all. I don't think there is any way it would be on after 5 p.m.
why do we keep putting off the little things when it feels so GOOD to get them done?
NM Jazz Stories with Patty Stephens starts @ The Cooperage @ 7pm!!!
Roads at the house are flooding
HUGE shout out to all of the #Dell team who helped pull off #dellworld...phenomenal job!!!
oh it wasn't bashing. A little affectionate teasing; mostly about how LA was represented in pop, not the city itself.
Health Fair today at Procopio, Cory, Hargreaves and Savitch law Firm....
One more Flying Skittle for
So happy for you...should be fun!
she was there for two weeks and called in all the time then just walked out and quit :/
thanks for the #C5 s/o! You're spot on bout logo n cups. How you been man?
Yes! Like a prayer!
There is a $999.99 App in the iTunes store!
That was definitely a top 25 Cardinals moment. But players who get paid to be on the DL don't make the cut for top players.
Im so girly sometimes. O: lol
Please, what is that cool retro guitar you play?
I'm going to steal the rest of your chipotle
sweatpants, old man slippers, oatmeal face mask, state of the union address, laundry
yaaaaaay you're hitting the gym! :)
back on my music grind, new music and videos soon
I didn't win the lottery, I guess I'll see yall at work tomorrow.
Props to for having the best #RealEstate #Branding I've seen in #SanDiego I love the pink and the support of animals!!
"Just do it and do it and do it and do it...!"
Tim Duncan has not changed his game once in 14 years he has been balling
Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it. - Buddha
Why do bad things happen to my family!! #Praying for my grandpa!!:'(
PLEASE JOIN US TODAY for our 1 year anniversary! FREE GRAB BAG worth over $25 with $30 donation! Full Updated Menu www.WEEDMAPS.com Enjoy :D
Hey - Did we meet tonight?? Let's hook up a show some time.. Cheers!
hey looking for songwriters for your artist
I saw your bro on Saturday he was hilarious
My hope and prayer is that everyone know and love our country for what she really is and what she stands for. ~ John Wayne
I have work to do, and I'm procrastinating... I'm Ms Cranky Pants tonight
Even my lip gloss is cold n its suppose to b that good stuff with shea butter
hah, yes, may have to try it at some point when I get time.
This girl is so stupid seriously>:/
- one of the best places to record is inside a newer'ish model car. Like a nice, dead sound booth all sealed up tight!
Your music is fantastic. I absolutely love it. (:
Whew! Finally done....I have a new respect for people who build houses...Time for a nap!
SWAMP COOLER TIP: When you turn your cooler on, tun on the water pump a few minutes before turning on the fan. ABQ call 719-217-8546
Inspire. Some people really inspire. :)
I love A Daydream Away. I'm not a big fan of Return the Favor. It's too P!ATD for me. But other then that AMAZING.:)
thank u!!
angel food cake for all?
DRIP drip drop is the water running??
it must be fun to be an NBA head coach
promise ring my butt ... you know who i'm talking boutt. SMH.
Back at work after being sick for a week... Fun times.
what did u say
4 different representatives (1 great one named rose!) and an hour later the issue is finally resolved. wont be returning to
Today is election day in Colorado. Did you vote?
pretty sure we are the only people in fredericksburg under the age of 60
I'm dressed as Sailor Moon. Aren't you proud, Mom?
Everyone loved Year 3000 and Burnin' Up.
waitin for quitting time!
| Knock, knock...please call when time allows.
You bet! Would love to see what we can do for you. Let me know who to chat with or
welcome back! Let's hang soon
Epicom customer Matt Davidson from USAFact is presenting on using CRM mobile to drive sales, operations, and user acceptance at
Dis old lady sittin behind me keep fanning her book sayin niggaz smell like weed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> #
I love you <21
super fun - enjoyed hanging with old buddies in new places. wish I had Mexico knowledge but don't - vibing fun times your way
"I bought that beer!" "son, we don't sell pitchers!"
so trynna to figure out wat to do for mii bday today
(James Russell Lowell) Greatly begin! Though thou has time but for a line, be that sublime, not failure, but low aim is crime.
Joke's on : I don't drink coffee. :p
I wanna win a #sonytablet because I wanna take over Tha WORLD!!
Thanks, Nancy!
COOL CARGO SHORTS
you're lucky today too... Starbucks Coffee?
that's just cruel. Have they no compassion?
4. My favorite disney show is Jessie ;)
so sweet!
lost in the shadow of LA and New York on ESPN like it always is.
OMG...you are so wrong flunking that man! Maybe he can come to NIH and help this sista out!
ABC game 4 in Indy at 3:30pm on Bump day at IMS for Indy 500 which is also an ABC broadcast.
#AndTheFortuneCookieSays... All things come to him who goes after them.
i love you.
": The best portion of a good man's life is in his little nameless, unremembered acts of kindness & of love. -W.Wordsworth"
TIME TO GO TO WORK
Tom Brady's new brother in-law is probably a stalker for Tom's wife. He is now closer to her by marrying into the family. jk congrats YuuuK!
Strict top of the crop shit, Crushin' muthafuckas like moths in a mosh pit
where's my hello...
oh jake. Next time don't go by yourself, we'll stop dancing & join!
go pierce!
I'm pretty sure Obama really does feel this way about same sex marriage but the timing of him announcing it now is just politics.
Really excited to have join us next week Lots more awesome news coming -- stay tuned.
thank you :)
you got that look in your eyes.
. users can build tools better and faster than govt can. Govt should provide the necessary data/api
Council Bluffs IA, Omaha, NE and Memphis, TN... where you at?! I have openings in your area!!!!
yea i just been crazy busy bro and havent had a chance to check it out
John Cena just traded to Smackdown, My world now makes no sense.
OutKast rapper Big Boi was arrested on Sunday in Miami on charges of illegally possessing drugs including ecstasy and Viagra.
DEAL. Peanut butter and jelly with some honey. And not those little pussy sandwiches, layered: bread, jelly, bread, pb, etc.
aw they are mean! You go get them girl! <3
Beth Barakat..[I hope I got that one right, because we also have common friends *S*]
I just need the lakers to win these next two games. Fuck everything else
You're dead to me.
That's so true. I RT it haha <3
I hope they fly the Marilyn Monroe statue out of #Chicago on the back of a 747 like they did with the space shuttle.
it's amazing! I haven't gone on the weekend bc I hear the wait is brutal. I've gone before work twice and didnt have 2 wait
Doing the right thing may not always be popular or easy but it's always right
#420 count down it 4oz of the best ready for my
I feel ya.
Begorrah! “: On our way to the warmest St. Patrick's day in 142 yrs if Sat's 80-deg verifies. 20-30% PM t-storms in coming days.”
I have several delivery service iPhone apps, a new battery in the smoke alarm, a fire extinguisher, and backup tater tots.
Chilling wit the lil bruh ugh to boring!!!
Boss RT " to "What are some problems with visiting Mercury? Is it the temperature?" No. You need a space program.
already ordered it! can't wait!
Thank You for making me your *Lil Angel* See you in
Everyone's calling for the #ElClassico matchup in the #UCL final, but I'd much rather see Robben against his old club as the title match.
Instead of giving my cloths to purple heart ima give it to this bitch !
thanks for the support
U giving away a last minute trip to the ProBowl? Flights from ATL only $1900 RT Have some exciting stuff to announce today.
Agreed..very well said RT : The sky is the old limit...reach for the things that you can not see.
: Glad to be part of #GreatBikeGiveaway. Can't wait to see pics of winners receiving their bikes!
perhaps we will swing by to review the spot. Muah
Blah Blah I Hate Females Who Talk Like They Got Them Hands.When They Really Dont STFU.
Good to see #PowerOfPull 's here at attensa HQ. Lot's of #Serendipity on Tech's role in reducing #InfoOverload -ME <#KM #e20>
Gluten free products have found their way to the Alhambra. Had a smorgasbord to choose from at the Parador.
Ugh he always takes 5 millon years to get dressed, he's worse than me !
You're welcome! Fascinating creature. Glad you shared
Maybe I'll actually manage the whole house clean this time.
Hunger games was.... incredible!
#smartgrid and IPv6 technologies: how to link in real-time Web 2.0 AMRs, live processes and big Utility Data analytics based on P2P approach
what up
imma look that up on YouTube!
you weren't sick freakin lair
Goin to eat, then goin to with
now make that muthafucker hammer time
To all the NYC AREA singles, I'm doing a special dating game at my Valentine's day comedy event, interested in being a contestant, MSG me.
Test of getting nudged via phone update.
ugh why is the paparazzi outside already i dont have time for this
I don't cheat, Betsy!
In Iowa... Nothing but corn and cold weather!
I am more proud of that prediction than anything ever in my life.
forgot that new girl thatz in ur bed im just sayin u could do better-jojo nd drake marvins room
Next week? Let us know...we are south (suburban) siders!
"Uh, let the record reflect that the deponent is a fat, arrogant, overweight, bald pig."
#NowPlaying – David Vendetta – Dirty South & Those Usual Suspects feat. Erik Hecht - Walking Alone
Thanks so much for the #ff It's very much appreciated and reciprocated! Have a great weekend.
- Thanks Vince. Great suggestion. I will pass it to the Chef.
My Quote of the Day - "Why live an ordinary life, when you can live an extraordinary one.", Tony Robbins
RT RT : RT : Speaking your mind ain't always the best option...
Watching your highness in bed w the droid.. First meeting with the big boss in my new position. I'm unnecessarily nervous!
I have the promise of the big hotels that they will all specialize in tasty egg dishes during the coming week. [1944]
Makes total sense. Are there OSHA guidelines regarding acceptable levels of exposure to Sammy Hagar in the workplace?
Next time for pleasure? I mean the sake experiment...
LOLZ niggaz callin my phone NOW huh lol #DOEBOI has left da building! All i gotta say is cara! YA DAUGHTER AH FREAK
Crossing my fingers and hoping for the best. Excited for the many opportunities the South Florida community offers!
And if they create another related business maybe they'll be Serial Cereal Entrepreneurs :-)
Loving the Weiner presser, I hope he cries one more time. Doing a nice job sticking to the script.
Some very good news!! RT Ann Cashion's Taqueria Nacional relocating to old T St. Post Office space /T, per Johnny Fulchino.
I love monster drinks
Nuclear Plants spent fuel pools can be washed away. The Sun will be there tomorrow.
Right on #wvu mountaineers
haha somewhere u dont need 2 kno! haha i went to pick up something from r next door:)Ray had a shirt 4 me
it pisses me off cause rose is da mosy humble player in the league n I see pics like that
PCD so much.
VOP Month-"My children & I were homeless b/c I left a physically abusive relationship. We now have a place 2 live but no furniture or food.”
RT : Always listen to your heart. Even though it's on the left, it's always right.
Can't wait to see this summer! Win 3-Day passes this hr with
For the record......I'm not fat, I'm just easier to see! So don't get it twisted.
#RAINSummit Internet audio great for corn mazes
Today's just one of those days I let my music play straight through on shuffle!
You gotta dog em for them to love you smh
Its crazy how much some people have changed since the beginning of this year.
I know this is REALLY LATE - but thanks!!! :) Hope you are having a great weekend!
THIS THURSDAY @ TWITTER THURSDAYS NO WORK THE NEXT DAY! 50CENT CORONAS & WELLS TILL 12 LADIES FREE B4 10:30 & JAY Z AFTER PARTY! B THERE!
good work, keep it up
We get busy. If you saw the agenda items we have to deal w/ on a daily basis you'd understand - even on crummy weather Sundays.
Where's David Guetta?
thanks—anytime man!
Awesome day at the #plazalife hanging with !
No social ride tonight because of my mysterious child illness. Bo
daim so long without being in twitter and july26 was my bday twitted telling me happy bday thks
RT : #Cubs fans, RT this if you’re excited for #OpeningDay and Cubs baseball to start in an hour!
RT - Miami dolphins will dominate the overrated new england patriots Monday nite. Heard it here first
Loving the salsa touch-down dance! Great job Cruz!
Yup. Agree
If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do all the rest have to drown too?" Steven Wright
have so much to do and so lil time !!!!
Really happy to see all the MJP scholars and alums working on network and database analysis.
Hello friend :)
haha I just started tweeting too, this blackberry makes it so easy!
what I got to so to use one of your songs in a short film bro?
Fixed Me is definitely one of the best songs on the album. Can't wait for yall to hear it.
I'll be there in spirit. ;)
Cleveland is bearly holding on, but theres no doubt they will pull it out.
so my kitchen guy is here finishing up and cracks open a bottle of wine he made! It's delicious! Happy Friday to me!!
Aaron Rodgers is extremely smart to join NBC Sports pregame show for #sb46. Great job by his reps setting up his future.
We are still in new orleans and we are in cafe du monde. I just ordered a hot chocolate. Coffe's disgusting
RT : Albuquerque The Magazine has a nice little portfolio of my B&W landscape photography this month. Check it out.
Yes, did you? RT : Did you sell it for the music?! cc:
news said they were at the Fed reserve bldg. Footage showed about 15 people gathered on the corner.
Musical word of the day: Nebenstimme - 2ndary part (a 2ndary contrapuntal part, subsidiary to the Hauptstimme)
it will be!
Dex: I'd like to give a big shout out to all the spiders not building their webs at face level. Me: I second that shout out!
Hello to all, busy busy morning.
*Sliding out of the car, holding my hand out to * Come.
Yessir, the check is in the mail.
bleh blah bloop. i want to go home...
I'm not in NY! But a Skype convo would be great - let me do some research so I have a good set of questions? Thanks so much!!
This pain in my chest might be a sign that I don't need another cup of coffee
I suppose the big rigs have the NASCAR racing cars on the inside. The logos are painted all over the outside.
Life has to many ups and downs, I fucking hate merry-go-rounds. Overworked, Overwhelmed,like 2 disappear.
Such a nice day outside!!
dam i just got on this mf and i se 15 tewwts from the same two ppl
I'm playing my player on NBA 2k11
who knows everything i say is flirting
#ff you should follow me because I'm a great listener and I love your music and i love your style
The weather sucks-____-
Lol this nigga adding water to everything
HATE FUCKIN LIARS. -POINT BLANK
next time we hang out ill make u watch it:). Problem solved:)
Oh how I would love to intern under and *hint* :)
haha. I probably wouldn't have noticed the 5 yr old terminology if you'd have talked about lacrosse
Thanks, Sweetie! Happy New Year too!
Welcome, Miss Lily! Thanks. X
The Niners winning the Super Bowl could be an early harbinger that the Mayans were right about 2012.
I pray Thee, O God, that I may be beautiful within.
ight save me a pen and a ballon
circuit training and #bornthisway a great combination
": It's funny how the people who know the least about you always have the most to say."
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Pretty good, still have a lot to do.
What would you reccommend to pack in a hospital suitcase?
Listening to 's older stuff and just has that healing effect on people, ya know? It always lightens up my day.
Coming soon theheat365.com the Worlds Hottest Internet Radio Station!!!
Oh, good, you sing, too?
nah I never left. haha
Fish Market has no TV's? place must suck then...
I'm down. What time you talking?
Lmao , hell nah ima athlete not a rapper
ready for a big game and win tonight! Go Falcons!
Play in our room all week to earn extra chances at some cash on Super Bowl Sunday! Details to follow, stay tuned ;o)
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer23
The fact that that my Corporate Ethics teacher has a British accent makes 3 hrs of night class more interesting haha
you should have seen some of the places we were in. You wouldn't be saying that. Parents have a hosta
No shows this weekend! :(
girl I'm expecting big things outta you...
IM ON THE PHONE READING MY SCRIPTS. THANKS BITCHES!!
Hello gorgeous.
I am sorry that Randy Couture had to go out on a loss but he needed to Retire he is 48
I'm eating at zios !! Are you gonna let that slide Rene
Amazing job Region 2!
Today's Soups: Cream of Mushroom, Country Vegetable, & Chili
A walkoff walk would've been a more fitting end to this road trip. The single was bad too, though.
Wanting something is not enough. You must hunger for it. ~ Les Brown
Winning in class. We've already created and played 4 games!
Y do i care i dnt
please follow me? Thanks! :)
Added hospital delirium to personal "most wanted" list. Devastating when my mother died. I'm going after it someday - bit.ly/p8XnAu
Men arent attracted to insecurity..a woman wont have to "steal him" ...your insecurity will "give him to her" ...
kids to bed. packed for SF. time for mom & dad, now." is that code for licking taint?
You sound more like Dean Martin than Frank Sinatra.
You'll never outperform your own self-image.
ur such a beautiful creature
When Adam Dunn homers again, what will all the people that pointed out the dates from last year do?
JFK-Bound Flight Diverted Over Cell Phone A Delta flight from Istanbul to JFK made an emergency landing in Dublin Monday morning because
And Sweet Caroline “: Got the whole bus to sing Call Me Maybe last night. Not ashamed one bit.”
Pretty sure it's unsafe for me to be driving behind a MAN with a Pro-Life sticker on his car.
That's the beauty of Twitter... RT thought we were the only ones who did match madness fantasy
We just acquired a heavy-duty, cross-cut shredder for all your paranoia-driven destruction needs...and of course it's free to use.
congrats! What an accomplishment...especially in this economy!
anytime:) citizen
DEEP BREETES. OKAY DOKAY ONE TWO AND THREE, OKAY DOKAY
mind your business.
RT : "70% of the battle is who you know, and who knows you" -
I swear I wore that stuff all the time through out elementary school lol.
joe wants to know what movie you saw?
T'was the only sensible choice!
Sure, absolutely! Chris or his publicist should get in contact with us at :)
Allergy season just hit my sinuses like a low yield nuclear device.
HERE WE GO
Stuck at apple genius bar again I've been here two hours. I just want my baby to work.
Back in Seattle. I heard it's hot.
Beware the Ides of March.
remember to leave by one of the open gates RT Having a flashback. It's almost 8 pm and I'm just leaving
Till the end.
Complete disaster! : Final NYC snow total for winter 2011/2012: 4.5 inches. We got 61 inches last year.
you do you. but i won't be a part of it.
"Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishments"
We'll miss you #Lamar. Check out #bluemesagrill when you get to Dallas
I've never seen that show. What channel is it on.
Thank God Brian Kendrick won.
don't forget their most important win, over HBU, will be important come March with their seeding....
Yes. I am.
Sex...sexy Sunday
No, we pay all credit card fees associated with depositing and withdrawing.
Testing from Reno.
Be sure to tune into Travel Channel this Sunday Feb 19th at 8PM EST, 7PM CST for Mud People. Timetogetyourredneckon
RT : maybee someday i will be lucky enough to meet
Attending the wedding of and today!! Can't wait :) Congratulations!!
love u to
You know... my iMac has been having trouble running more than a few programs simultaneously. I wonder if the RAM finally gave out? Possible?
YouTube! And then maybe tattoo'd somewhere visible? THANKS TERI, I LOVE YOU.
Sending kids to college is like playing $150K on black 13 in Roulette, there's 2.63% chance you win, but 35 to 1 your an idiot out of cash
If you can’t answer the question, why am I doing this? then perhaps you shouldn’t be investing time, talent and energy doing it.
Thank you for following MVP we will keep you posted on future events in las vegas Lake Tahoe and the UK
1 MORE MINUTE!!! #BOYFRIEND PREMIERE!!!!
hey you
It's a rather blustery day today.
if only everyone was having the same night as me right now
It's a rainy day in LA, but The SCoop is getting ready for a weekend full of events!
What do you mean by filtered? Search API's only option is to include that fuzzy location field matching. There's no exclusion.
The Black Keys getting me through the morning - can't wait for the concert in less than 2 weeks!
Waiting on people <<<
Today was not quite a triumph, but a success nonetheless. Can't wait to veg out on the couch tonight.
Sad to hear about Ted Kennedy. Hope someone picks up his torch to help everyone get the care, services and help they need.
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 35
Frameworks are for building applications, not sites. I find them quite different, actually.
: Laurel Brake & Marysa Demoor eds Dictionary of Nineteenth-Century Journalism. M, I think it's in C19.. it's ProQuest!
Some men see things as they are and ask why. Others dream things that never were and ask why not.-- George Bernard Shaw
Next year for sure!
so you work for what team?
D-Squad Throwin A End Of The Year Party! Details Coming Soon .
killed the white rabbit 2nite! Hunting wabbits. Seattle stand up!
Well, you earned it! Rock on!
I love to watch her leave...
Exactly (says the Droid Incredible owner).
RT : There is light! The Denver Post just recorded 4 straight quarterly profits.
Or circular thinking: as in, cleaning for the cleaner!
And while on the topic, sending a QR code in an email is about as silly as putting a QR code on a subway ad.
aww, hang in there
Happy Friday! New episode of The Virtual Zone coming soon.
thanks so much for the mention;)
Listening to country music while getting ready always makes for a good day.
I think the xbox EA account issue has finally been resolved. Moved tag to my gmail account. Said it'd wipe any progress though
youse a fool
And niggas fakin like we cool
Like the Terminator! 8o
Do u got practice on thurs ?
I am sadly watching new simpsons. Man its just as bad as I thought. Regretting this.
#YouGettinPunchedIf you talk to me in the morning
Rainy Monday writing cookie recipes.
Tom Oatley has left the field and is being attended to by trainers.
Thank you for following, welcome!
that's cool have fun : -/
Also, it's kind of cute that you can't spell Ecstasy
Women 35-54 are the most active group in mobile socialization.
Be having my head as big as a birthday, because I left all my doubts on the airplane.
Please Follow Me(:
Ok this is going to sound diffrent but less than 2 hrs. Till army wives can't wait
Pretty sure I have the spine of a 75 year old man
What purrs along the road and leaves holes in the lawn? A Moles Royce.
Can I help?
haha it's okay. :)
Hiding from my mom lol
fam friend died when I was little. he was in love with bald eagles and shortly after he died one built a nest ON his house.
Normally don't think much about my age, but damn, seeing the 20th(!!) Simpson's Halloween episode last night was just too much.
Work #blah on the plus side i woke up to,a giant bunny pillowpet
Former Mpls Park Police chief pleads guilty to 2nd degree criminal sexual conduct. Could get 18 years in prison.
Anybody think that their #Samsclub has a great kosher selection? If so, do share the highlights.
Guys who are artistic or can sing or play an instrument.
It's been forever but that hasn't changed what you mean to me."
What do you call a small parent?A minimum !
Heading to Dell Children's to volunteer! Can't wait!
Attig family connection confired, another brick wall has fallen.
lady cab driver
I'm too hype about this project, though. I'll have to listen to it again but it was straight. Definitely insightful.
Why not make up fake quotes like 99% of your articles? "Anonymous" is not reporting. Someday, you'll grow up.
Thanks Lauri! Thanks for an amazing semester reading C19 literature.
Seidenberg has owned Ovechkin this entire series.
Only if her name is Hannah.
When the past calls, let it go to voicemail. It has nothing new to say............~ranie~ (via Love Quotes and Sayings)
Once again, another shameless plug! www.anticsfl.bandcamp.com
Thanks for retweeting us! If you have any feedback please let us know and we'll try to improve the app!
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. One earns reputation by trying to do hard things well. -- Jeff Bezos
Good morning. The Mets and Knicks won last night. The Rangers and Devils both play tonight in playoff games.
catching a 10am flight, do I go 19th or around to the Bay Bridge from San Rafael in the morning?
Single guy to girl using his bathroom: Remember to put the seat up when you're done.
Alright... Dreams dont mean anything..... Right?.....
"Oral health: a window to your overall health" - Mayo Clinic Take control of your oral health: www.closys.com
I'm always tired...
Simon Spero of , in his new partnership with PS307 is working to improve the technology capacity of the school. Great work!
Congrats on a great season #CUBuffs! CU is now a basketball school
Thanks for the shout out to helpful Health IT folks ! :)
hi there you!! How ya been?
thanks bro
Hey , Have you seen our new website?
Good grief you're not kidding. It's like someone turned on the sleepy/sneezy factory here and painted every car yellow!
Romney the Cayman man for the common man. Newt a staunch defender of science (fiction).
I spend so much money on food. Like a lot
Colleges at one time were meant for the well-heeled and elite. Today’s online college education program has takers from all strata’s...
LOS for a bit. Long couple of days with Kid doctor visit, travel plans & details in my head. Safe travels
Week 1 Analysis: Being your own boss is RAD AS HELL.
Simba was walking too slow, so I told him to Mufasa
Thanks to for featuring us on their directory! Check out the podcast. New episodes today and tomorrow!
can't go see Austin in New York anymore because my mom says im a selfish bitch.
I haven't been to a Saturday game in 5 years. I was reminded why before I even stepped foot in the park...
#Firstworldproblems RT : I can't stand it when there's more peanut butter than jelly on my sandwich
Its been too long!! Happy new year to you!!
#TeamMindless all the way! =)
I would like to say hello to every one reading this what's up
haha I wish you could. (:
What does Twitter mean for you? Share your thoughts #TwitterMovie www.rileysfortune.com
Caught in the Web: Hick vs. Slick? Team vs. Dream?
u r followed- u need to give my team a chance :)
Need to do somethin over break
Don't forget that CURRY is basically SUNSHINE for your TASTE BUDS!!! Come Get Curried Away with some SUNSHINE!!!
Blake Shelton Nails Sixth Straight No. 1 on Country Songs
I love changing out my "currently-reading" shelf on It gives me an enormous sense of accomplishment.
National Library Week continues- today is National Library Workers Day! Do you remember the first time you went to a library?
I just. I can't. I CAN'T HOLD ALL OF THESE FEELS.
spring is here :)
must b feeling the way I am
hey whats going on bro? Thanks for the shout out!
When the pain wont go away, I just pray and just move forward!! =D
I know that already native don't even know what he does
And for the soldiers who fought back and lost their lives. Today, tomorrow, ten years from now, we will remember 9-11-2001!
#replacesongtitleswithboobs Super Boobs
While Piglet, who hates everyone, hid in the woods and pooped in people's yards. They both have wonderful personalities, so proud
need for a gift idea? how about a filling a backpack for a orphan in Ethiopia!For info on project gena contact
Join us at El Farol TONIGHT!
Drinking runs in my family "
who has their theory workbook done?
Life can be so much easier if you put more faith in your abilities.
we'll rock it!
Anyone who's been through a nightmare divorce, remember, "Living well is the BEST revenge."...www.preparefordivorce.com
Special acoustic set at Paducah's very own Does's Eat Place tonight! 8pm-11pm
: hey KR, you're the Cliff Lee of CBB..only question now is which smart company will pick you up!
5% off all electric strike sales today! Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 5831
Lady Gaga has reportedly split from Taylor Kinney | Lady Gaga
hawaii lol. Ill be there tomorrow
Next BOO FROG show is at Plan B Bar 9/16/10
Close your eyes, and look within...if your eye of intuition is open (single) you're fine, you're body will be full of light. Matthew 6:22
everyday im tumblrin
Is it just me, or does ex-Rep. Martin Frost look less like Martin Frost and more like Darryl Hammond doing Dick Cheney everyday?
what did you do lol?
Let' keep having fun!
I woke up this morning and ask, "What would Don Draper wear?" Then I wore it.
I'M BRAGGING SO HARD ABOUT NOT GOING TO SCHOOL TODAY LOOOL
And "Bacon" gets out. I refuse to like him after his first like 50 at bats without a hit.
you're the best thing that's ever been mine.
Upon arriving home after weekend of ministry, I look to see what junk food my hubby stocked in my absence. Not much - proud & disappointed.
Honestly I will if you are up for it now Paul is out of town getting married. Let me know for real!
Miami Beach barbershop The best barbershop in Miami # 1
1st time using Outlook's calendar. It always pings to say an event (which I attended) is overdue. I've developed a Pavlovian failure reflex.
Woo-hoo! Great to see you connected with your #kickanotchfamily! Let us
I wish you'd touch me less and less.
Am I missing it or are the Seahawks pretty much the only team who have anything different with their new Nike jerseys?
Obama has seen Key and Peele's Anger Translator sketch!
Thanks for the mention! Happy Friday!
yes, tomorrow!
don't be a soul sucker
i do!
#CLIPPERS "It's the best feeling when you have people screaming at you all game long and then see them walk out pouting." - Chris Paul
RT : The iPad will feature 4G LTE with potential 73Mbps connection. Verizon, AT&T, Rogers, Bell and Telus will be first carriers.
sorry to hear that - please email us at with details so we can help
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can’t accept not trying. – Michael Jordan
Drunk people have the greatest knowledge....
yes potato
Nice photo and love the hashtag #knowledgelooksgood. Joanna, do you know Jason Steinhauer?
Nope. Easiest way to keep check >> Visit our website >> 'All University Jobs' >> Scroll Down.. >> Select 'Location' >> Search.
I like it. You're in Louisville?
"I Got You" blasting in the headphones this past week while animating check the album
love your new icon, did you get it off Tumblr? ;) xx
Most folks w/ Advantage/Core use the app 2 log food on the go -- much easier than having 2 get 2 the computer for that.
Girl u know I did!
What's up with the US soccer team?!?!?!?
Lol I be k.o'n mad early that I wake up early af for no reason. Smh.
The person who cares the least controls the relationship
que hay?
I WANNA RIDE A 4X4 TO SEE HOW IT IS...
Thanks for the note but we did not identify the suspect arrested for alleged ADW on #LAPD officer as part of OLA in any posts.
lol ya thats my twitter crush
yep for sure
"I had an epiphany that will blow white suburban women's minds..." - ... Yup, we're back to work.
your so pretty charles is lucky to have you <3 :)
Staying up late just so I can see 8 flavahz performance again
yes. Or reply that you thought it was them.
Great work. I wonder do you have link for her city?
In my world, the iPad 1 just came out, as its price went way down. How cheap technology can be if you're willing to be 1 year behind.
Hi Sean ....thanks for following me....following you too...
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle The girl with the dragon Titties
We Look Forward To Seeing You During Restaurant Week Boston!
#yelp101 should I add a business yelp URL on my twitter page?
Could I please get a follow Zayn? ^-^ it'd make my day,month,year haha my entire year!
#notsleeping Structuring a business between finals and a certification is a handful!
Only have 2 weeks to get to June....
you need to support us .... true family, friends, and fans plus H8trs - need to mark Feb 29th on the calendar via
Julie Andrews is such a class act...she looks like she's tearing up while singing with Stephen Colbert?
You bet I'm coming prepared this time.
smells like chicken liver
Heading to Indy for a few!
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 46
Minnesota: The Helping Teams. Gosh, we are just so nice.
All of the quote accounts use the same quotes over and over again. It's annoying.
#IHateTheFact that to become a lawyer you need almost 8 years of law school
Big things on the horizon. Keep your eyes peeled and ears tuned.
Dat pussy was mad real
Really lost my cool tonight at work finally home and going to bed.
So hard to choose!
“: I hate acting like I don't care when it's tearing me up inside.”
Thanks for the follow! Welcome :)
Lol RT : 47 days until Christmas? But I'm already 318 days into debt.
you are inspiring to me. Your positive outlook on life and can do attitude has influenced me so much. Thank you
Nice catching up with Lauren and !
In Concord, NH awaiting a press conference from NH Atty Gen Delaney on review of Greenland drug raid that left Chief Maloney dead.
Voting for you both now!
loved the show it was amazing! Come back to #Denver soon we heart you!
Autism kills from the outside in.....
On the bus again. this time to Boston!heading to Harvard later tonight for
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions I'm not telling nobody!!!
Missing and the boys so muchh <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
If you are in NYC, be careful... The NYPD is literally breaking down doors left and right.
15 min Mobile Locksmith Fast Lock Out Service, Cutting Keys Locks Installation, Repair, Re-key
Any Barboza news?
Best of luck to you in your Event!! Take it down...
Here's my NFL Draft Shocker: Jaguars will move up to #4 to take Michael Floyd rather than Justin Blackmon. Seriously.
Have a good summer see you next year!!!!!!!!!!
Grilling out at work- how awesome is that?!?
you sure do get around! :)
hey Dane!!! Loved u this past Sat at #thelaughfactory!!!! Eff the haters!!!!!! N get another therapist!! <3
More than 60% of the keg was gone. Correct?
I wasn't there, sadly, but my coworker Caroline was...she said the dinner was fantastic. Hope all is well with you!
#allensmith will be the hash tag for The Future of Reference in honor of Allen Smith...hooray!
just Breath
#nce11 Hess to supts: delivery and coordination of instruction should no longer present barriers
Just found out that #Awake has been cancelled. Crap!!
And your body is the harp of your soul, and it is yours to bring forth sweet music from it, or confused sounds. — Kahlil Gibran
March 16, 2012: having breakfast on a patio IN MINNESOTA. The world really is coming to an end.
It's amazing anything ever gets done in this here world. Or does it?
Ryan begins with cosmopolitanism of Mediterranean--proliferation of trade & cultures, & its fluidity & regional identities.
hi :p
Someone is at my door.... O_O
spelt my name wrong
It's all about the charm. I know you have it. : hahah dawg I'm trying so hard
Lol.... I never even got on twitter until #oomf followed me.
Today marks the beginning of NAFSA Advocacy Day 2012. Get ready to advocate!
welcome back!
When choosing a recipe for a cooking demo make sure it has sizzle, yum, appetite appeal! Per
Thanks for the S/O
Two years ago mobile opens of email were (4%?). Now it's 27-33%. Whoa.
Key challenges to implementing mobile learning: budget, security, meshing w/legacy systems
Hello, how y'all all doing ? Getting ready to sip a cup of Tea? I am. Fixing a Raspberry herbal TEA now.. love it..
“ Still got some unanswered questions.”
I like early morning or late afternoon ones, usually Wed/Fri or Thurs/Sat. It's so addicting!
You mean from the media? Because I believe her fans have always hoped that she bounced back and were supporting her recovery.
#kids Neighborhood Art: Neighborhood Art from Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 9:00 AM to Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 2:00 PM Boyd Community...
Twitter Dee Twitter dum, hm
i'm jammin that ''after the fight" homie.
Hell yes!!! It's Bikram time!!!
Thanks, Heath. When are the Hi-Dollars playing again?
Make another joke while they're hanging by a rope, so lonely.
Don't want to talk to him today. Just feeling that way today...
mustard in her popcorn??? That breath be beaten 24/7 HBO!
so funny
Let the good times roll
I don't think it would improve the image of 'legalese' if laws were written in lojban.
Happy Valentine's Day Twitter! Appreciate the ones you love.
just finished voting for teen choice awards 2012 I voted for Justin
December 1st is a big big day...any idea why?
I finally figured out the name of my favorite Metallica song! :o Took me FOREVER! >.<
Get you some! RT Shhh...be the first to find Jessica in her EABF shirt at Holy Taco. Hint: there's a FREE TICKET in it for you!
Labenski aggravates me
Bureacracy defeats all common sense. Our IT has 1 person who does all web content change for entire med school (!).
Thanks for following PFAW Wisconsin!
what can you do when it's so cold/snowy outside? Boot Camp nice n warm inside on sat?!! would love to have you!!
RT : If the Virginia legislature attempts to OccupyVagina, I'm deploying the pepper spray.
life is fucking short so do what makes you happy
Get a jump start on my free shipping sale! Just for followers, enter "TwitterFebSale" during checkout & wait for a revised invoice! Exp 2/15
i haven't heard that song in forever ! lol
let's makeout! ;)
sorry bout ur Dad, he missed a great man but u will b an even better father one day
Heading to #AdTechSF next week: would love to catch up with some old & new friends! Who's in? My inbox is flooded with Tuesday party invites
Amar'e is back today. Maybe he can...extinguish the Heat.
Ugh my stomach hurts :(
would be great to be able to search/sort by genre tags. I see them describing playlist and want to find more. Make sense?
hey:) what's up?
Tweet me 'hey' if ya see this?
Anyone watched new cartoon? IT IS HORRIBLE!! It's a broke man's The Boondocks mixed w/ a crappy "The More You Know" commercial.
im always positive, my nicknames positive patty c:
only if by "talented" you mean stoned, wrapped in blanket, eating cheetos and googling one's self.
Tweeting from my new MacBook. This is fun.
Literal translation of "I lost my pencil" in Amharic: "The pencil disappeared to my disadvantage."
I cried when Taylor swift won entertainer of the year for fearless <33
Harmonize, don't antagonize.
Thanks to all those who attended More Than the Score lectures this season! Check out the podcasts on iTunesU! www.virginia.edu/itunesU
Glad I was finally able to properly mourn #whitneyhouston last night by having a spontaneous dance party with and
Volunteers have arrived! They make the Latina Leadership conference possible! ¡Graicas hermanas/os!
That moment you realize Facebook changed your profile to timeline <
-'/I don't need a boyfriend too tell me im beautiful everyday because I know I am :)
#ratchetvoicemails ::love in this club plays in it's entirety:: "leave a "massege"
glad i didn't put all of them in there!
Are ya'll believin' that Target doesn't sell mason jars?!!
Im bored af i wanna call a certain sumone but after houndin him for the numba im now scared ...:-)
Feels like i'm dreaming. Somebody come pinch me!
Follow my sister !
#27 Bro, no matter how you see it, women w/women, just like men w/men, is an abomination! Romans 1:26 / Lev 20:13
If you're picking up tickets from the will call window plan to arrive early so you don't get stuck in line & miss the beginning of the show!
Deuce has had a better club career abroad for sure, but Landon will be a US Soccer legend and Clint will be "really good."
Olivia Binfield is my new hero
they were too gory I thought and not terrifying like the original which still scares the shit out of me
RT : Meet someone <U+2192> Get attached <U+2192> Get hurt <U+2192> Move on <U+2192> Repeat.
hey I have an Erik Gudbranson stick!
.Aw that's so special...miss u and love u
lame ass
Lick His Balls ;D
depends on the museum.... marketing/PR folks/antzy curators will sometimes want to assert more power than they maybe ought
I lost the web stream #fail during that, who's on the list?
Need a logo or event flier? Hit up if you do!
RIP Donna Summer. Sad... ;(
The BADDEST bitch eva!!!
that shows been horrible since season 3.
Good Look My Dude
Florida MWM client Michelle LaBret books the feature film "Renee" as she prepares to return to L.A.!
I think the diff. is that aura is not in things 'out there' (like sunniness), but rather in our orientations to them
Have fun manny at the partido
21 days until pitchers and catchers report to Goodyear, Arizona!
BASF to Build New Formic Acid Plant in Geismar, Louisiana
come over here and we will drink and watch the game together!!!!!!! #Sixers + drinking = life
MT Tx for the clarification: "universal commerce" catch-all for e-, mobile , tablet commerce
Going to Mobile tomorrow to Wish Lu Valentino the best at her new job!! She is one of the best!!
My homie is at least 650 times better than you. So yeah.
lmao. My big problem is diet coke.
There's an extra "M" because they MEAN IT!
My two fave teams playing against each other! I'm not enjoying this! #Blackhawks v
Gah, my extra time to run to Starbucks turned into a fiasco
Thanks for the follow! Plenty of medieval stuff on Squinchpix. Search for 10C
What up
Has anyone bought a mattress recently? What's good?
I still need me those FF plugins, but def gettin clunky RT : Chrome Surpasses Firefox To Become Second Most Popular Web Browser
The Housing Market report shows the rate of home sales increased AGAIN in Jan. extending the streak to 6 months of increase in unit sales!
Loving North Carolina!
hell yeah
unfortunately we don't have anymore - the early season crowds snagged all of those and the posters! :(
lmaooooooooo so it was alot of a little?
And im mean. Just called peoples moms ugly!
Good luck to the on their playoff game tonight!
I love the Olympics buzz. I don't really watch a lot of sports, but I'll watch everything Olympic. Curious about SM's role this year too.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE That is all.
Looking forward to Michael Kazin's talk on Wednesday night!
thinks browser is the best browser. I will be the judge of that. downloading now
Had seen the video; hadn't seen the bit from That is really heartening to hear! Can't wait.
can't wait to hear all these stories..haha (:
Brandon Schiffli's short, Quarter Til Two directed by Tim Connery, will be screening at Orange Rind Festival May 20, 8 pm Orange City, IA
You seem really excited about that...
#wordoftheday Fard (v) To apply cosmetics. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
Club Jazid Street Radio We Own The Radio
mmkay no comment
hate that I love you....
#MegaMillions jackpot up to $540 million for Friday's drawing. Most of newsroom part of office pool.
you people can't ignore me forever.
Hug recieved and Hey, you are one strong dude :) tY
Listening to the Bee Eaters while I work this afternoon. Wesley Corbett is an amazing banjo player.
UK had 4 (Enes does count) players drafted last night... Big Least had 3 total
not a writer but i wrote 7 songs, a script, and a poem in 3 days...
how can be so low? All supporters should follow him.
- I suppose it's great if you have an iphone. Although it seems easier to just carry a camera
I'm not short!!
PR in "Real-Time" pulsing ppl, party politics of business, industry-moguls of our time in "Real-Time".
BREAKING: Brendan Shanahan is fining Giroux 5 Dollars and No Suspension For Hit in Game 4 between the
projectx premier is on march 2nd, right on my birthday! Are there any tickets for me, I would like to watch a movie!))
ruptured appendix. :((
When are you back in Chicago? Do you want to be apart of our public Commemorative April 20 event for gay bullied teens?
Enjoyed your presentation but had to leave early to work in the Library of Congress booth - come by and say hello at
“: Almost left home with no shirt. Is that a sign today's going I be an interesting day?” better than no pants...
4 the low 4real followback so i can hit u on the dm
Still Love Ya Steelers! Now, back to business!
Don't eat 'em. The Samoas are like crack. ;)
Cold beer and good ol country songs
Damn i accidently fell asleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0> ...felt soo good !
Pet sitterz here for you and your BFF for the holidayz call if you need us while your out of town 3522870642
4 every 50 followers, 1 random follower will get a free ice cream cone/cup of their choice. Will DM winner after every 50! RT 2 ur friends
Spanish girls >>
Did you tell her to shut her trap? :o
I am now the proud owner of my first volume of Foreign Relations of the United States (series 1969-1976, vol. XXXII, SALT I, 1969-1972).
he was playing a prank wearing an old man mask. Not sure exactly what happened after that...
yo, just got an iPhone. Any sweet apps I need?
inability to do mental math
Thanks for the introduction to this photographer. Really enjoyed the selection.
Looking forward to releasing new music soon! Who is ready for a new song?! Details soon!
The moon is gonna look awesome tonight ! (:
big weekend...
Mossberg: "In early days AOL kept sending us disks so we couldn't ignore them"
When Slater speaks ppl listen! MT : I can't believe I live in a world where AC Slater is promoting the festival in my town.
Are you going to come?
you would be proud of me for tonight
an everyday usage and routine action...
Mobile OS Madness Ahead In June
yea n I get tomorrow off
Reuse envelopes, wrapping paper, the front of gift cards (as postcards) and other paper materials you receive wherever possible
This looks like the perfect time to say
just creeped on your super cool band a little, are there by any chance new members?
Shout out to doing a great job of reporting on the Tornado and keeping people safe. Doing a great job.
broken Klout! SURPRISE!
Wallid towed it for me
any luck with googling the problem?
welcome to the STU it's 3 ft under water today
Omg there are British people next to me ! Ah the way they talk is smashing!
well ill definetly be there. I hope you come out & say hi :)
RT : Shout out to the GA POWER HOUSE CATCH HIM 2NITE ON 10PM
"my armpits hurt!"
Always busy on the weekend. I have five things lined up for the next Saturday. I'm not sure how I am going to do all of them.
Love Today's post ---It's all about the Color Orange.
you're gonna be with Brit? Too cool! Hope I get to meet you! <3
Great meeting w/ the team. We're really pumped to feed thousands of kids around the world each day. We love inspiring others to do the same.
The day after Easter is not just another day, there has been a shift and we must now demonstrate our beliefs through words and actions!
Get an awesome haircut from a stylist. Never get it to look like that again at home.
RT : People u should follow #FF << Thank you!
Way to take it to the next level, Marc
The soy candles are selling great. Someone bought all my Gingerbread candles 12 total. Have to make more of them, Nice lady.
watching selkie-cat contemplate knocking items off the cpu. coke caps? stack of receipts? or loud, wood paperweight?
hahahahaha you favorites your own tweet.
Eating health today just had a fish sandwich.
glad you heard it, thanks for listening!
im not mean
um.. and performing together on the #CMTAwards! Whhaaaaaat?! #thatscrazy but kinda #awesome!
RT : Rumor has it w/our launch 21 Dec, docking on 23d, we will get to see this yr's certifying test flight of Santa & his reindeer
Only 3 more suites available at Ocean House this weekend. Come on down. Still offering special rate until December 2.
One week from today we'll be heading back to and ! I hope the next few days go by quickly!
Rudd-Rockford-Marble Rock school district&#39;s tax rate up
yeah wow oh my god swag dude fucking awesome so cool
While sipping your favorite drink don't forget to play that JUICED UP by MEECH DOGG listen free @ www.outreagousrecords.com
"Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free?"
was that before, during or after he finished the yardwork?
Nice work Read 2 books with my 6yo from 2nd floor coffee shop library and he loved it! We'll be rdng more and getting coins
Now, one of the necessary elements in working upsuch a sight is latitude
H A P P Y F R I D A Y ! ! ! Will you be playing any #aprilfools jokes?
did u win hun?? I never been b4
WUD IT DO
About To Do Some Show Prep
I told you it wouldn't last
another nice mixing session today @ KMRC.
Scanning & marking up digital texts costs $$. What do communities want more, scanning or markup?
#scc2012. Session 2 about to begin!
- Is it possible Mike Brown's running a bounty program? ; )
I have been saying this for over 10 years.
Baltimore city's voting ballot just makes me sad. Where did all the promising candidates go?
Hey what black eye shadow is it that you're wearing in tonight's episode? Absolutely love it :)
S/o to my new follower
welcome aboard Gunny!
Why does technology hate me so much today?! I have three printers and not ONE of them loves me.
Lol my heart doesn't feel right.
The Hobbit usually makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're making that into a production too.
had so much fun tonight. show was sick. thanks to all who came. see you soon.
haha, don't let the door hit you on the way out
LOL i second that! RT : Always referred to her as Chaka Kahn :-p
so just wondering, do you by chance have child support to pay? You weren't very clear about it on the show.
Hey guys:D I'm back(: LOL sorry haven't been on this account for a g e s
if you don't care about me, then why do you talk about me?
AW....tht just put the biggest smile on my face!!!
Gorgeous day for us this Christmas - lots of sunshine, mild temps and a little breezy. Hope you are enjoying it with friends and family!
#vsa2011 3 Methods workshop, about to do surveys & interviews on the floor, what is your go-to visitor approach line?I think shorter=better
Hairy vs bald message me which one do u girls sport?
oh its just how i feel sometimes....hard to explain, i just feel like im on the outside of the rest of the world looking in
Pinch! Feel it yet? Harder? How about a slap? Jk. Generous man you are, Alec.
Wine & pyjamas time! G'night, all!
Oregon's helmets for today's game are terrible. Those are not football helmets
Miles of DISD: We test too much in DISD. Quotes Moneyball: "If he's such a good hitter, how come he doesn't hit good. "
Yes we do RT : Love to #BEATOHIOSTATE! Congrats, !
my brother!!! Lets Whack him with
Visit with Paratext at Organization of American Historians conference next week in Houston, TX. Visit Houston before summer shows up!
sorry but yeah Justin haha
I hope you're not expecting me to be presentable in the morning for you.
How does the thermostat say its getting colder in my room when all I feel are the gates of hell!?
Beat poetry jazz rhthyms have never translated well in editing. Unless it's a'la In Cold Blood and Quincy Jones composes.
i will soon be adding floor mats to my diet!
nobody ova 20 fux wit nicki nor like her so I'm backd by more than u a lot of ppl r not on twitter
thank you boo , ima try my hardest <3 I'll be fine tho (: I'm okay without him.
If Pujols hits a walk-off HR, does he stop at 3B and demand $25M/year from the Cards before crossing home plate?
the guy that owns that place did my tat :D
Is it time to go yet?
RT : I am really starting to get why people become so passionate about yoga.
Merry Christmas to my friends in eastern time! Still gotta wait 3 hrs for it over here in Cali...
How do you say the name "Coxe?" If you say "Cocks," you're wrong. It's "Cocks-aye"...according to Mr. Coxe.
Still proud and love my Hogs!!
when I am 18 I can fight UFC but it is long way away bo
K . Well fuck you too then ...
My Brother: mom where we're you born? My Mom: Kansas Me: farm girl Mom: NIGGA PLEASE!
come on home Chicago has better weather at least we are in the 50's. Great game last night. You guys got them now BELIEVE!
Thanks bud!
Its All Love G, Had Nice Times
Guys who won't give up on you, but you want them to... -_____-
thanks for asking and Yes :)
It's 85 in PDX and it's glorious “: Nothing like waking up to 92 degree weather #Phoenix”
"People who are inventing languages that could be used for international communication are doing more to push us in the direction of worl
I have a friend who flies weekly for business from Seattle. They search her hair every week, but missed a steak knife she left in her bag.
I have sleeping to do. lol
enjoyed working with Donald Wheelock this morning on his String Quartet No. 5. So nice to have the composer there to answer questions!
Looking to add value to your home & create an outdoor room to enjoy? Let us design the ideal landscape for you
Lucky shot by pierce, I can't believe We're only down 2. Let's do this
Yummy. B-day goody!
Haha can't wait. I hope its soon.
Those who apply themselves too closely to little things often become incapable of great things
yeah, they all cover the volume buttons. Once burned, twice shy. Tired of volume suddenly going up/down for no reason! Thx tho!
After my occasional parenting from Skype for a year, will my daughter think I'm a computer game?
only if celery salt and sport peppers are involved.
it's my middle name
A lot of violence among our youths in Chicago. Make the necessary steps as parents by respecting the curfews and please be parents!!
must focus
We just updated our website Shutter Designer pages. Head on over to www.estatemillwork.com and let us know what you think! Thanks!
everyone should follow <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>
I'm so dead
Does your salon have custom domain email? () If not you should ask me how to get it. Its extremely easy. I'll explain!
erm I said she's probs not even dead.
Thank you for the list love!
James Hillman called Joseph Campbell "polyfabulous," or having many stories, says
Mickey D's is bad for you
have a great night peeps think money,lol
Thunder rumbling, castles crumbling.
That's nice Mike. Looks fantastic ... and spicy!
Never Again
Just saw at The Urth Cafe!
Hi Jon, not yet, but we're working on it. Glad you're enjoying the layouts. We'd love to see what you're working on.
Thanks, Courtney! I am trying to figure it all out..ha ha, as I am not the most tech-savvy person.
still waiting for the official tweet.
guy's a nerd who likes Star Wars and justinbieber is a homosexual pop singer.JaxJustin is cooler.im mean lol
RT "A right delayed is a right denied"- #MartinLutherKing,Jr.
May everyone have a happy My Birthday. Now go eat some cake!
Making dinner jamming to and !! Hope everyone's having a good night!!
I must have done something to piss someone off
lmfao bricked a dunk stupid
listening to the great Phoenix band Dyke and the Blazers doing So Sharp. Were great at the Calderon Ballroom on south side
#MisterFister has been straight filthy
I read the Tues. letter she sent explaining why she wouldn't appear. Sources say they got the letter after 4 calls.
Will I ever get over the worrying and trust issues?
yeah from the looks of things
Don't be sad. When I lived in ATL, I found the employees to be the most condescending and judgemental music nerds. Good riddance.
We love you too! <3
why do people submit papers to divisions that have NOTHING to do with the paper they submitted? frustrating to "review" those...
ill be over in ( how many ) hours lol
Just when you're ready to count the #Flyers out, they find a way to get back in the game.
#FoodTruckThursdays outside the Milw County Courthouse are back and we couldn't be more excited! & friends
Thanks for your response.
“In concise phrases,often no longer than a verse from the Bible,profound thoughts can be communicated”~Pope Benedict XVI
but I thought after jamaica you went pro in changing tires?!
After a break-up you should try to be friends it feels better
Bosh better get off the ground now he really look like a dinasour lookin around like that with that long ol neck! Lmao
It's time for trivia!
Yeah, if you can't get the ideal combo, I guess #Bengals getting a pair of defenders from nat'l champ #Alabama doesn't hurt.
Just remembered I own the packers! LOL
At this point, Tony Greig is surely saying/thinking "England could probably do with a few quick wickets."
6 days until ! Tapering is giving me anxiety.
I'm getting quite the ab workout with all this sneezing.
I love 'em all, I just love me more
Most people who dislike the word #swag don't have any
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
me too!! I can't get enough of it!! Go #wordle ": I too, am in love with #wordle #truestory"
follow okay? :) please.
good... Right now we are try to get everything ready for the new baby... Still need the crib...
Alan Rickman is definitely in this version of Romeo and Juliet :D
Oh do ! Can't wait to hear how wonderful they look! You should take a picture. PS - I'm still LOL myself.
girl...just ME! Lol... Actually, it's hubs company trip so his people are here...even tho he had to stay in Lex! :)
This QB can run it in.
Happy to hear it--thanks! Come see us again soon.
They were just like, "That's it?" :/
I'm afraid I will not be on campus :( sorry!!!
Just heard about the "birther" conspiracy theory. OMG WTF people? Almost as bad as Clinton impeachment. But hasn't hit Congress yet. Phew.
Sounds like a good idea for hacknight!
#EU Foreign Policy Chief on #Syria: I condemn in the strongest terms these acts perpetrated by the Syrian regime against its own civilians.
Lifes a bitch and imma keep the pussy wet
Awesome, awesome, AWESOME episode of The Legend Of Korra!!!
Just got home from seeing think like a man. I know Im late af but great movie. So many fine actors, men and women.
I felt that from here.
"For it was not into my ear you wispered, but into my heart."
We're serving stracci pasta with summer squash, basil, pine nuts, and pecorino-romano tonight. Call for reservations! 503-288-6200
Officials say 37 left homeless in SF fire
Being on vacation is the way to live.
Whichever McCown this is, he stinks.
#LudoBites Truck = yum!
interesting article...it's hard to get out of the "it's the weekend so I should relax" mindset.
yo make sure to see thundercat
Sunday work for finished early! I think it's time to play #SC2 multiplayer for the 1st time before rehearsal. Here goes.
But current model unsustainable. I get paper copy of DMN; no one else on my block does (and it's mostly old people like me).
few people talked about #OA & serials crisis before Research Works Act; now its all over the place; congress should introduce more bad bills
I Fawking hate guys. Maybe I should go straight.. Except.. doesn't live near me.. Looks I'm single no matter what.
OH YES.
It is from me....so well?
I cannot stop listening to Marianas Trench.
Our "Bombs Over Baghdad" design had another sale just minutes before the #BinLaden news hit. We love it!
how bout you? xD
Avoid fruits and nuts. - You are what you eat. ; )
thank you <3 bestfriend for life
has been in Congress since 1976 and has introduced over 600 bills and only 1 has been passed?? That's only 1 more than me!!
Yessir! Were you at the opening?
Failures do what is tension relieving, while winners do what is goal achieving. -Denis Waitley
"The new library is in a scary neighborhood! Bad things happen there!" Uh, all the neighborhood kids smoke pot at the current library park.
Weirdest Thanksgiving so far hahaha gotta lovee my family <3
Ah. I knew it involved the concept of "Prestige" one way or another. Being "Underground" it was really post-nat'l.
Wild Workouts & Wellness will be offering an Early Bird session starting on May 7th. Join us for our 5:45am class! Click here for...
Bought three books on sale for $13!
Casting the feature film directed by and produced by Troma. Please email
Harry G. Frankfurt sounds like a bullshit name.
RT : Created great content in video to help u recognize a census taker. Continue to engage to share their data.
I believe in reckoning with the ultimate meaninglessness of our existence, even as we fall in love with the miracle of being alive
Russell Wilson is getting some SERIOUS love on ESPN right now. Must be weird they keep showing Wilson listening to guys talking about him.
and to be clear, I think both films and novels are more possible to become "great art" because perfection isn't required
Its time! No more food for 30 Hours!!!!
Hey today was a productive day
Sitting on the patio!
Wait, WUT?! Almost heaven West Virginia, my friend. Father has been driving since 5 AM nonstop and is still an hour outside Boston.
haha dude all that stuff is normal shit
Do Unto Others As You Would Want Them To Do Unto You !
Getting pumped about our new music video! And the record! Lots of exciting things happening.
#NP kings and queens by 30 seconds to mars <3
AWESOME ! BRING IT TOMAH lbs
that's nice!
consolidating twitter accounts, this DHP will be the primary here on out
RT Photo shoot w and tonight xoox for
welcomes my 200th follower: As an added bonus, it looks like the work they do is pretty great.
So bummed. The ceremony isn't live.
Seriously, this is the happiest day of my life.
Alaways talking about social media tips on STEVIE MACK RADIO. Would love to have you on the show. Holla!
yes mam. She starts on monday
Saturday Morning & feeling great! Today is going to be 48°F. Come ride the Bosque with us, or try your hand at
thank you so much!!!!
Hiero is on a roll! Keep helping our chart position and keep checking out Hieroglyfics on Reverbnation! Thanks for all your support!
We got that sweet hot loving dancing in the dark
Umm time for the white sox to switch pitchers.. Sale is fucking up!!
I love my life Maybe some shitter luck sometimes But, Opportunity awaits It's my decision to take advantage of these opportunities
Love your pic... I'm great! Where in the world are you?
damn :( me and jas are going to bsu Saturday .
I haven't lost/gain a mf thing frm. Fucking with you or not be serious! Everytime you see my wallet it's hundreds in there.Known FACT!!
they did and some of my friends did to
And don't forget the Engaging Ed and 42 Think Deep blogs! Great CCSS stuff there! :)
Florida is home to the largest venomous snake in North America. Can you name it?
#WeirdFactAboutMe When I see an insect in the water..for example when I'm the shower..i do my best to save it from drowning.. Hehe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Im so glad the track meet went great!!:) Got second place!!<3
Looks like a staycation instead of a vacation
Such an amazing evening/night! Life!
why?, because you have to authorize the one that surrenders e mails to give them up as well or you will have no e mail in neither site.
Hey everyone check out the studio i work at! www.gcraudio.com Let me know what you think!
Be #intentional - and you will see Life is full of wonderful surprises!
I do!! Hahahaaha
Katy Perry.....let's be real. Amazing. Love her.
One of the very nicest things about life is the way we must regularly stop whatever it is we are doing and devote our attention to eating.
'Your passion, your story, is the best way to go'
doh, at least you don't have to work with them in person.
founder Brother Andrew says ISLAM must stand for “I Sincerely Love All Muslims.”
we are tweeting with some kind of generous got her GED before riding a
Happy Friday!!
Excited this Not in My Library will be interactive w/group discussion
Thanks for being my 200th follower!!!
Trying not to! ": I hope you don't get cab sick #IntDesignerChat"
Hey girl! Holla back Folla back!
Off work. Let's take over the world.
Thank you and Happy Easter to you as well! Peace to you this resurrection weekend!
"Have patience. All things are difficult before they are easy." - Saadi
Enjoying meeting with local entrepreneurs in
So fun!
Rain rain go away, please come back another day.
preemptively, before they make mistakes -- helping her address their inadequacies much more efficiently. -
"I ain't got time for playing, I'm just saying that we out here Tryna function"
Don't know what to do.
WE START TOMORROW! GET EXCITED!
Absolutely allowable.
Jnfdkij le bored .-.
Thank ye kindly!
Do we get a prize for being one of the first 100 to follow ?!
#Candid #Thursday: Happy Thanksgiving! What are you thankful for today?
I really need to start organizing all my websites' logins and passwords. My memory is good, but not unlimited, and my desk is too messy.
Demo or die tonight at #disruptathon with #socialize and
Great Wisconsin weather today! What are you doing to enjoy this weather?
Need to charge my phone soon
Bellevue one is open today though. Have you tried it yet?
I just wanna share my whole life with YOU
Not really, just because you can find doesn't mean its good
are you new here? I don't do that... ;)
Molina is my man. #Bestcatcherever!
I hold it o back.
It's the big crash of #Facebook 2011. LOL
It feels like it should be 3 in the afternoon, not 11 at night.
Hi Aimee, nice to meet you over Twitter
My twittelator app is working great
Playing the Dell's Children's Hospital Benefit tomorrow at Nutty Brown Cafe in Austin! Set time has changed again - it's 7:15-7:40. Come on!
LIVE cntd... Head On at BP Inn ... and one of Pittsburgh's finest, Baby In A Cage at Our Place (Homer City) ...
Yeah I know same, have fun with Barbara from the hip replacement clinic, give her one from me! <3
Broncos play 2nd fiddle to the Raiders JT? With all do respect the Raiders have been the joke on the league for the past decade.
People can't do somethin' themselves, they wanna tell you you can't do it. If you want somethin', go get it. Period.
Hopefully just a matter of time before comes to Milwaukee too,
Having a case of Miller High Life is way better than having a case of the Mondays.
we had 2 of them fighting over who gets us...it was great
Happy Friday the 13th!! If you're the superstitious type & avoiding work today, drop by for lunch or happy hour instead! We're better anyhow
Youth Lagoon is re-scheduled for Monday, Jan. 23!
That Rick Ross ft. 2 Chainz & Wale - "Fck Em" hook rides ... Something you can't bump if you pissed tho, could go all wrong for somebody
i hate u!
a decade "strong" , i mean on that strong
RT : Agreed! RT : It's nice to hear the reactions to Amber Nasland's #amapdx luncheon presentation. full of common...
Like in this wed? You will get to meet Ty right? Where's the set?
!Housework's way better with skates on your feet!
have you ever had or considered getting a cat?
it's highly recommended!
I want to know why like 30% of people from my OLD school is following me ? -__-
rainy dayz sleepy head. now i'm up with no school tomorrow.
Good luck (:
I just realized I left the meeting to take a nap... Lmfao
Your resume isn't a resume. It's a piece of sales/marketing collateral. It should represent you as such.
rememba wen I said u my ride or die in u reply always in foreva ps. yo ride or die in I told imma hold yo heart cus the burgarlers out
I need inspiration... anyone have some to spare?
"Wherever you go, there you are," but San Diego is getting too small.
ya don have any moola cuh yo live wit yo rents bitch ass fuck. get off mi dik doe
I wanna wake up every morning with passion and be able to say that I love what I do.
Spencer Abbott (Maine) is still in the lead with 32% of the votes with Shawn Hunwick (Michigan) close behind with 29%!
yeah, would be kind of interesting to see how much more proficient you become over time.
Thats nice. I love you too!
can't wait :)
had to force myself not to buy a plane ticket back to Boston for marathon Monday. Probably would have needed another surgery.
I just don't understand you Dukies.
IT IS NOW OFFICIALLY my BIRTHDAY and I am watching my DVD that came with PAUL McCARTNEY GOOD EVENING NEW YORK CITY
#Seahawks fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#Seahawks #Steelers)
I would love to help!
#Nevertrustagirl that has a toothbrush in her purse already
“If you done it, it ain't bragging.” <U+2015> Walt Whitman
Hard not to like a game with a position called "silly point"
My brother just asked me for girl advice :'D
Your emotional interpretations are quite poetic.
i think he should be a virgin ;) and i lovee this chapter!! that neal guy better get out!! Or i'll kill him lol just kidding (:
Miami 1-0 baby let's go !!!
lmfaoooo it's kinda funny... i;m so gonna send it to the Jackass guys hehe
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. - Jim Rohn
Even though we aren't on good terms, im mature enough to put the petty shit aside & say im sorry & I hope u get well soon.
I love how the other day at school I went up to emillie in PE, and whispered "I get it in" in her ear.. haha that song was stuck in my head!
Managed to fix my Xbox controller. Happy days
Everyone go follow !:D
I have been forced to live with this girl Jasmine for what seems like forever shes so stupid she could throw a rock at the ground and miss..
oh yea. If apple makes it, I need it. Enjoy your night buddy
Ring Ring
CA State Sen Carol Liu's Chief of Staff Suzanne Reed to discuss Student Success Task Force
A t-shirt said: the most dangerous is a closed mind. I would like to add; the most painful is a closed heart.
I LOVE our new APARTMENT! So swank.
u really on your own now
Thanks Dr. Burns! I had so much fun researching and writing them.
troy tulowitzky is mad good to
Salt Lake City -- I'll be teaching 10th grade history at my HS alma mater.
Had a great time joining & House Congressional Caucus on India to meet w Indian Ambassador to the US, Nirupama Rao.
“Kindness and faithfulness keep a king safe, through kindness his throne is made secure.” - King Solomon
Good talk by at #CAM2012 on bringing library collections into galleries, via displays, iPads, and in recharge areas
Thinking of you!
“: I'm so sleepyy” so are the HEAT :) goodnight <U+263A>
The next person you see IRL, if they make eye contact, thank them for being a human.
LOL. Klout thinks I'm influential about books.
I would definitely agree with that one possibly Bob McKillop (Davidson)
Aw Gurl, I love you too! Same here, Gurl. You got my back, and I got yours. :D
I leave tomorrow to attend the #OAH2012 conference in Milwaukee. So excited to return to my old stomping grounds !
Hope meet gets cancelld #praying because my growing is kill
#SomeoneIWantToMeet because your tweets are absolutely AMAZING
Relationship are like fat people. Most of them don't work out
Bring the beat in !
Just saw Justin Beiber and Jaden Smith. Could this day get any better? Oh yes, Reagan Sadies tonight!
can someone at Thornburg have Jason Brady email ? Thanks! :)
woot woot! Now apply for a job there. They have to be interested in people of the same name :-)
Really really sick of hearing about Carrie Underwood. She's so vanilla and boring. Let's talk more about Zooey Deschanel. Just someone else!
#WhatBrightensUpMyDay . Niall,Zayn,Liam,Harry, and Louis' smiles (; RT if you agree!
Ugh if I can go back 10 years,ago lol I would
Awkward moment when my birthday is on a sunday, so I legally won't be able to drink at my own 18th birthday party..
I Release Dat Street Heat, My Resume Go Street Deep..!!
there ya go(:
We are very pleased to announce that along with our Pride & Hospitality Award of Excellence we have been honored with the Connie Award!
I just said that to my wife! SMDH! RT : I know a few dick riders jus like suzie
PPR I like Sproles, standard it's closer, but I still lean Sproles against a horrid D
Contra the other replies, and 'secret' silliness aside, doesn't mean that one can't be right & the other wrong.
you don't know if U wanna come back
is in Hoffman Estates
Ah, thanks!!
freelance is the life!
Laziness. The worst trait ANYONE could have in my eyes.
A lot of #writers love being part of a community of writers, but I can't think of any good reason to hang out with people like me
-there are real problems with the idea that players should be exactly where they want to play at all times
Miss TQ finalist dies in Zambia!
I am far from perfect. But I will be perfect for that imperfect someone who is perfect for me.<3
! Our clients are enjoying the Lactic Plus Peel!
yes! ugh. the less she's involved in an episode, the better.
& By Ron Artest, I meant, Metta World Peace.
"You can learn more about a man in an hour of play than in a year of conversation" -Plato, Greek Philosopher
I'm going to try my best to act like there's nothing wrong today.
alas, I didn't. Too many bands! But I'll try and give them a whirl.
And KP's 11 is the second best total in this innings. That's the really striking fact
Bro gimme a legit shoutout, and ill put you in a video!! :D
thanks fo d s/o homie.
That is one intense class. How dreadfully boring. Have more wine.
Congrats to on #winning the "staff tweet of the day" from and I are super jealous.
Yeah they do! I know for sure that there's at least one in Vegas. :P
Getting ready to teach jewelry design at Jo-ann's. Forgot to take my antibiotic despite reminding myself. Shoot.
US U-20s come back from a goal down to equalize and then beat Canada to win the CONCACAF Championship. Next stop World Cup!
Are those Bugle Boy jeans your wearing?
ready for summer
My feed is clogged with talk of and I'm completely okay with that.
Can't Dick Clark passed away! So sad!
Read the article about coffee roasting in the city last night. Dug it. Can't wait for to reopen!
Maybe? Maybe not!
Why derby thumbs down? No blood?
Senjem is blaming lobbyists? He's Senate Majority Leader & Cap. Investment Chair. How does he not get a project for his district?
Jesus, you just got fuckin SCHOOLED son.. May as well toss the laptop now..
Somebody tweet me I'm bored! Lol
i need to get my tweetes up
where does it take place?
Yes we did make it!
On a scale one through ten. Your a nine and I'm the one you need(; lmao(: I'd tap that(;
good baseball talk this week, great point on lakers going 7, has got his work cut out come nfl season
How can Demi Moore divorce Ashton Kutcher? As a marriage fan, I'm very upset.
The freedom you desire lies in your daily confessions. Speak to it.
Yay for me getting the date right on only the second try!
I never got to SEE Snowpants this year.
I go so hard, I go so mean
Once u're on G+, people may add you to self-created private circles. I've circles for topics-- Peace, Artists, Spiritual, Blog.
- If he doesn't get great players like and more importantly defense, he won't win..he had very good players at
So what if I am such an artist-writer that I want to paint a picture with words as I would with a bush in my hand
I forgot to thank you for your "The Oatmeal" link last week...so perfect! How are things going for you?!
Want to send out a Happy Thanksgiving to every one ! Try not to eat TOO MUCH turkey and pumpkin pie, but if you do, do it well !
waiting for <U+F8FF>
It's a beautiful day for a convention! The booth 634 is just about ready!
Looking forward to meeting with you tmmr at 1:30 p.m. Mitch can connect us for a location.
Heading to btown! :)
You're welcome! :) RT : Thanks for the write up! Such a great feeling to have so many wonderful neighbors :)
thanks for being a boss!
If you're standing between a Ghetty gas station and a Crown Chicken then you are most certainly in the ghetto.
favre!! Definitely!
Oh, actually, I don't think I can! But I will check the #csmt12 and follow-up. Tell students to feel free to @ me.
It's sad that people feel the need to tweet from Whitney's funeral. It's a fucking funeral shut off the camera's and cellphones.
dude ive been good, im just real glad its summer! how about you nena?!
This can be settled LOL Shoes are always laced up. "LETS DO IT!!!" *Joe voice*
im proud of ya!!! i love the song too!!! Nykky B goin all the way!!! FUTURE!!!! Jo-Wayne
even if Austin came to where I live, tickets would probably be too expensive for me anyways.
Starting to clean and pack my room today. The next two months are going to be the longest of my life.
Fun Sunday. Been at BNA for 5 hrs. My flight was just canceled. At least the service people are nice...
Avoid the WF Corn Flakes. Sadly tasteless.
does anyone have words with friends?
Just listen to one Whitney Houston song today... R.I.P We will always love you.
Crazy is, crazy does! RT : Crazy people need to stick together. Who else would understand?
Thank you! Please email us the result or DM them
As a center for history in K-12 schools, I follow teachers, archivists, school leaders & learn so much from their practices
Thank goodness was rushed off stage to make room for the violin lady and this odd focus group parody... Bravo,
NEED FOLLOWERS RETWEET FOR A MENTION
Gonna be a long tiring day....
Had 4 great Christmas Eve Services today ~ Shopping done ~ family in town... Chilling out all day Christmas ahead :-)
. CEO Paul Reed Smith #WTCI awardee, exports now comprise 50% of Guitar company's revenues
Donna Summer IS Disco. A big loss.
Last day in San Antonio!! sad, but big things are coming my way and I want to share them with you(:
Might as well leave it up, almost halfway there.
Another league I was weak in the OF got a boost when Trout and Harper came up the same day. Let's just say I've made a move there.
you should come over today im soo bord :(
What do you think? Boise's proposed urban farming rules allow and encourage more urban farming. Public hearing 6pm Tues.at Capitol Bldg.
im so happy they are back on twitter again!! :)
Skin Inc. offers ways for you to relieve some stress with the "Spa Trois" package at Johnathan Breitung Salon & Luxury Spa....
we will be there again!!
My dad is a huge Baltimore Orioles fan. Fond of telling him he wouldn't have missed anything if he just awoke from a 14-year coma.
Hell yeah! Was it a UCR scholarship or an outside organization?
That was a DEEP three!
Hey muffin' Happy New Year:):)! Stay beautiful, and let's work on gettin' you a smash:)!
Big ups and thanks to all who came out at quassy lakes today respects for the welcome seen real reggae lives ..1
Is it the Barilla plus?
Why is it every time I see a homeless person I automatically feel like an asshole for not carrying cash? :(
Very true! Have a great week!
$1 off Pints and kids eat free Scotty's Thr3e Wise Men Brewing Company!!!
consistency is important for testers. also unnecessary waste of resources. also they don't need to edit the code
Nice! Safer! Cleaner!
Happy Father's Day!!!!
is in our video about gay rights, & equality for bullied LGBT everywhere. 6,000+ people have seen it. Have you?
I haven't been tweeting a lot >.<
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.
u have an ear for sharing new talent..shall we dump Billboard?..likin Justin...JessieJ and a few others..THANK U!!
Had an audition for a Heineken spot that shoots in Madrid...Didn't get the one for Sweden, but I think Spain is much more up my alley ;)
#NFLDraft Remember, the only thing that separates your true image from the image the public will perceive is the media.
haha there's nothing to be jealous about theres room for 3 lol I love you babe and that's for Becca not you wayne
I don't need to be the baddest bitch, because I'm fine with being a lady.
#naturalcauses will be my next band name
#4famouswords Baby I miss you
A special welcome to my new followers!!!!!
Second one is by me not for purposes of self-promotion but to say, I want to be a part of that conversation. :)
Hope you're all enjoying the holidays. We've decided we are going to raffle off the guitar we are giving away. Donation info coming soon
Man I'm so tired, I need sleep!
Stay wild. Stay curious. Stay hungry. Boredom won't get me tonight.
You may need to take the day off lol
Linking to full site from mobile site is a "copout" and "admission of failure," says at
Absolutely right! Great job!
One more episode then season one of #MadMen completed !!!
hah, okay. Oh no! You have to find him!
Did Iona really only score 17 points in the Second half last night????
Thanks for the return one! I'll be sure to post about it when it's out. Hope you pass it on.
Rams did well in trade w/ Skins..like RG I but will he be a saviour for Washington??...hmm..
please look at the video I just posted, I just want them to add "You're welcome" haha
I am right there with you!!
!!!“: The Obama presidency has really brought the inner hatred folks have to the surface.”
Who is stopping my team right now lol
is the best. greatest, most wonderful person in the world! 143
Babe slapping lotus flower bomb hella singing >>>>>>
life is full of difficult decisions...?!
u're welcome <U+2764>
I wish I was seeing #Titanic3D tonight!!!
Cnt wait to get off
thank you!
How To Improve Health Tracker Apps I recently spent some time searching the Apple App Store using terms such as “Health Tracker” “S
Live your Life
Math Class is so borinn >.<
I followed backk:)
But you believed in everything but me girl I don't get you.
Its cold ass fuck in Shroder right now bra
The latest TrophyQuest episode615-329-0900 featuring Sal Gonzalez and Operation: Sound Off! airs tonight at 10pm eastern/9 central on The O
#Fuck people that don't tweet back!
RT: When you really discover who you are in Christ, you'll develop a healthy self-image and find the confidence you need to t ...
just discovered & now enjoying , everyone's best source for "what's on in feminist London"
Usually, it depends on how busy we are. We like to have 24-48 hours. $7 for a 4oz jar, $18 for an 8oz. Email us to order.
nice! Good luck & have fun!
TONIGHT! Habitat of the Chesapeake hosts "Out on the Town with Habitat! 9 bars in Canton Square, just $20 to get all the specials! 7-11pm!
did his thesis on the 9th & 10th amendment.We need him in Washington fighting for StsRights!
where have your been all my life? I need to see your beautiful face!
would make my day if he followed me back<3 143
Occupy Portland event is set to protest corporate and special interests groups in government. Protestors plan to recap the protest over PBRs
RT : We'll miss you (*) ;) RT : I hate leaving but my bye-bye parties are always great! Xoxo D.R. :*
"The one word that makes a good manager - decisiveness." - Lee Iocacca
#libchat #libpitch Most active on Twitter, but also on Google+ and blogging as Plaid Librarian.
REFILL SATURDAY: PRE MOTHERS DAY CELEBRATION*MARIOS* DIS SAT** FIRST 20 LADIES GET IN FREE & FREE DRINK COURTESY OF &
Aww Dude i Hate when that happens :((
Just heard MPR describe GOP primary as a mosh pit.
We were made to be courageous
Kareem said I didn't say hi to him. I did LOL. Said bye too. He liked what he saw couldn't even keep eye contact. My charm :)
Time to get this day started.
looking for hawaii crewnecks since i'm not going to california in a while ): any ideas?!
wicked blow-out bruh!
Can we please shut the fuck up about NYSSMA.
Watching waiting to exhale
Just wrapped up a Skype meeting with an Isagenix leader coming back after Celebration. Great business ideas and news!
good morning(: follow me please <333
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem.~Richard Bach
Rice wins Rice wins!! Blocked a FG to keep the lead and win, Go Owls!
every so many months I like to tweet
Here's to the ICONiacz who are crying watching reruns, brings back so many memories... we've been through so much <33
I want some sweet frog.
yes! but kept my old ones. im just tryna get SOME followers on this one. my main ones still and other still
ORCHIDS! Apr14&15. See stunning orchids from all over the Midwest compete for ribbons! $3.
Isn't their entire lineup sponsored by AT&T?
he puts it down like New York City
Gosh. I just got tweeted by what looks like a Nordic Caravan site asking if I like 'Hot Gerls' I'm not sure how to answer. What's a 'Gerl'?
It's all we got, man! And, yes, I'm Italian. OK, part Italian. And some other parts, obviously.
J'Nan: In the streets there are certain places you can't go, so if the community center is on the wrong side of town, you can't go.
Even Brent Morel getting in on it?
It happens to some, sadly. Potential manifestations of psychosis are broad.
My friend just put on project runway and because I didn't want to watch it called me a fi#%ing pussy.
I knew you'd have a good answer, Elton. Thanks again for making us feel at home at your gym.
Is at the UMD Crab Feast. GO TERPS :)
I am literally at school at least 8 hours a day if its a good day
RT : We need bloggers & interns, if interested please contact
MT : : keywords are both verbs & nouns: affect, interface, discipline, use, remix, play, archive, access
Send me an address and Ill send you one.
: loving the Seth blog..great rec Rex!
what you do for living?
GM twitter
Don't open an email from me that has a blank subject & apparently says I'm a "work at home mum." That's news to me! Sorry. Stupid spam!
me too--believe me, we lucked out big time.
Where in Oklahoma? It's really hot here! Haha
Hey Robert! Thanks for the follow!!
Oh! This is not as advertised. Roll Tide
WHY AM I TALKING ABOUT HIM MY LIFE REVOLVES AROUND JORDAN, DAVID, AND KELLIN RIGHT NOW
And sometimes it's just a Hamilton idea
swamp people makes me more excited than it should
This is what's wrong with the Bar Biz. I sell a beer that cost $27.25 per cs. This (Corporate) account charges $6.70 per bottle! #makin$$$
Wassup Twitter *It's The Best Day Ever!!!!!!!!*
Xmas Tweets: Mom doesn't understand why the towels must be washed after only one use. Dad counters that the alternative is piggishness.
Today at 1pm. I also lost track of it.
Thanks for the city/commuting bike recommendations. The hardest part is giving up my Symmetry
Well worth it especially if you are targeting agents or managers. See who works for who and what they've done.
indeed.. the teal polka dots arent helping..
Congrats to #Naismith award winner #AnthonyDavis (thank God a creative Canadian invented this game!)
I'll be headlining tonight! It's gonna be out of control. See u on the dancefloor
too many of those ppl. SMDH
I love NCIS. I think they are incorporating alot of new stuff which make the shows more exciting!
I too am a Starbucks boycotter for the same reason. Friends don't let friends go to Starbucks.
I'm probably going to have to foster her to keep her from getting put down. So tell all of your friends about her!!
Next week Wendesday? It will be #ono!
Health & fitness should be taught at school. Obesity is such a big issue nowadays
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. Scratch where it itches.
follow and please :D x87
replying to tweet with an iPhone when does the technology stop.
I can smell the ocean in Bushwick 2day
Hahahaha I'm not a fish!
Travis? I guess.
In a challenge of manhood, pride, and eating deadly hot chili I have defeated my bro with my #chiliswag loving the universe it's all great
How's the new place coming along?
2nd workout of the day complete... Making up for the debauchery of Vancouver!
I can't decide on which smartphone to get! Galaxy S2, wait for the Galaxy S3, or the HTC One X? maybe Galaxy Note....idk
#WhenAustin gets excited about going to Subway :)
Great to see and chat with you guys!
“: Contrary to popular sentiment, we aren't victims of time. The majority of time barriers to #community are self-imposed.”
what's good with u? How u been?
did you have a chance to send those beats? Have not seen them.
He should asked to be traded to a better team.
omg I forgot Fray is tomorrow!!!! I'm so jealous!!! Have a blast :) is kahe going too for her bday?!
She's everything I ever wanted... She's everything to me.
joke joke joke joke yay :D
#iGotNoRespectForYou if you judge a person for smoking #marijuana."
Just pulled out some slides fr/ metadata class by for reminders about Encoded Archival Context
walk a mile in my shoes and i bet you , you would shut up real fast!
"I would rather be lucky than good" - Jesse Ventura
I thought i could trust you. I guess not.
Breaking News from URidge: Mitch Geiger of MG with a hole in one on No. 8. will have details
Any other Who Dats in Cleveland? Talked to two in three years since I have been here. It would be nice to see more Saints stuff in the snow.
Bad news: my kitchen flooded. Great news: my upstairs neighbor came by to make sure everything was OK. So sweet!
The lungfish can live out of water for three years in a state of suspended animation.
between baseball & politics don't you get tired of having to watch so much TV?
Okay, stop saying they were dead all along on LOST. that's not what happened
I'll give you one line: "The meek shall inherit the girth!" ... yes, I liked it.
One of your images said you dropped your album on your fathers B-Day. How can I get the album?
You know what can really ruin a round of golf? Getting hit by a ball...
I want a marriage like Mr.and Mrs. Smith. Is that weird?
Working on the music to a trailer for a video game. :)
That awkward moment when somebody retweets some shit you tweeted days ago. The fuck you up to?
Facebook Fights <<
Good luck to the BSU family!
seriously, like now before I have a heart attack... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Oh, that bitch. Thought we were still talking about Survivor.
#oomf changed her pic and is so gorgeous! Who knew!
Green Conduct Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
he say NeeNee the sky peed all over me.then once they started moving in the boat the wind was splashing it harder.
Back in #Austin for 10 days! Happy Easter!
who thinks the psp go is worth $249 when the full ps3 is $299
thanks for following. May the Lord richly bless you in all things!
$10 ALL YOU CAN DRINK HAPPY HOUR FROM 5-7 TODAY COME IN AND ENJOY THE BEST HAPPY HOUR ON HUMP DAY!!!!
See "Play Ball" newest candle warmer in the collection! Too cute and perfect for a boys or collector's room.
I hope you reached through the computer monitor and facepalmed them yourself.
However, per Committee Code of Conduct you are required to disclose updates in all Monthly Reports haha.
Favorite Pearl Jam moment was in 1995 at Red Rocks watching Eddie petal out on a bicycle with flag attached while wearing hat!
Omgomg, proactiv commercial on tv! :D
stand on Melrose Ave...same side as Kinnick right by that Stella restaurant over the railroad tracks. Best $20 spent all weekend.
MLB postseason pressers w/ beer in Gatorade cups. RT : I was just asked to put my soda in an NCAA-sanctioned cup.
LMBO!!! Love Sherri's performance!! Hahaha! Shake it, baby!!
#wouldyou hug me around the waste from behind and kiss me on the cheek and say I love you?
was Drive good?
when you wake up before your friends and don't know what to do
Journey to the Light... A classic indeed!!! Rest in Peace Belita Woods.
It smells like 1984 in my apartment building.
Had a great time at Poetry in Motion yatch party!
Bored in another city, rifling through my hosts' unmentionables
Beautiful day out about 2 enjoy it as much as possible <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Hari: "You gotta belive in something man." Chris: "Fuck."
The Sustainable Communities Partnership and the new LEED-ND have been two of my all-time favorite things this past year!
I can see the Bulls losing in the second round to Boston.
was found in the trash an it showed everything an i cried and almost puked and omg they were 14 when this happened to them. omg
Very sweet post about Grandma. I was lucky like , spending lots of time with my grandmothers.
MAN MY ARM IS SHAKING
*huge huggles* It's the only way I know how to be. :)
TONIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE WEAR PAJAMA/LINGERIE & RECEIVE FREE ENTRY! $100 BOTTLES ALL NIGHT! $100 BOTTLES ALL NIGHT! $100 BOTTLES ALL NIGHT!
True enough.
So glad to hear! RT Just did my yoga in south Miami green monkey. Feel great.
nopee where is it i wanna see it i
Just got your email. Send your friend my email address and I'll spit that virtual fire
I know. They make things so much more complicated Then they should be.
i see what you did there
5 miles further west, and it wipes out the heart of the town, too. We got lucky I think.
Q2 Interesting! Do you find most people respond or choose to ignore? Any stats on % returned?
If you lose Hope you will lose everything that motivates yoi
boom! The stars say we're a good match, that's a good sign ;D
you doing anything tonight when u get up to lex?
tell me about it (;
RT : PROMO DEPOT BLOG WATCH: Check in on Coach Warren and his travels this summer with the USA Under-19 national......
i will only buy it if you or tweet me too <3(: xo
Im tired of chasing my dreams, Im gonna ask where they're going and hook up with them later...
You do.
Big game tonight!! And I am not talking KU vs Baylor or Georgetown vs Cuse. Love this week!
have a great day mila :)
My #FridayReads is Blackout by Connie Willis...yes again ;)
Let my prayer be set forth in your sight as incense, the lifting up of my hands as the evening sacrifice. ~ Psalm 141:2
Worry when I don't ask & I don't wanna know anymore.Tear ducts dry.Dont fear the unknown.cognac glass full. Like must go on
Rub grilled cheese and Yoohoo all over my body so I know it's real. STREETS.
Today been a long day .
it's a little easier on the soul when you sneak in as a begrudgingly labeled gen-yer
I love to dance
So tired!
Keep visiting www.youtube.com/watchdwight
#Imagine Seeing Austin at the mall shopping at Bath and Body Works.
is a real big meanie
What does the Battleship movie have to do with space? I thought the game was more about sinking other human's ships?
#Niven, #Pournelle, The Mote in God's Eye. Classic hardish SF well worth a reread. A precursor of both the military & sociological subgenres
My twitter feed is going underground (to the non-following public) for a few days.
I've been killing it lately. 5,000 up for the week already.
9 more days of school(: i sure will miss your face during the summer!!:(
thank for the invite joe!!
and had to talk sht to a G today lol
Text me.
You're welcome, thanks for sharing the advice!
Haha, I know you too well!
Wow. That sounds great!!
*Raises many hands*
Character is not made in a crisis it is only exhibited.
I kind of miss my blackberry. Maybe I'm saying that because I'm going through some technical difficulties with my iPhone. Ugh.
lol my son loves that too. He sings it al day!!!
I walked in the house she goes "girl you cute" lmfao
Was reading about Lipids and van der Waals forces. I had taken Chemistry a long while back. Biology is now so much molecular.
we want more followers!! tell a friend to follow us!!!
enjoy! it's beautiful weather today.
Just wanna know what it's like to converse on Twitter when ur both in same room? The silence must allow Lyric to sleep
Don't you ever get tired of lying so much?
sound bout right when you free come fuck with me lets drop some of that #fye Ju ish
alright tell me when to pick up so i know its you
all good! Love California, life is good right now! Update me on what's the latest with you!!
Hey football folks - Who do I start at TE tomorrow: Jermichael Finley (GB) or Rob Gronkowski (NE)? Both flopped last week, but...
Your valuable bro glad at least they franchised you! One step towards a long term deal!
haha its ok
they are different, june is in vegas, august in orlando, check out the details on his webpage. Will b an awesome experience!
love all the non haters no homo
Day 3 is now history. We start at Mt. Sterling tomorrow.
RT FREQY HOUR featuring (THIS IS THE) SQUIRREL HUNTERS 6 PM, 21+, $5 or 3 cans food...Another great opportunity to donate!
you rock
On the contrary, he very clearly referenced the Greece-Turkey population swaps as a possible example for I/P.
Rachel Sutz Pienta & Alan Brock will be Wakulla's delegates to Tampa
thanks for retweet
Girls be ashamed of how many guys they have fucked but guys glorify how Many girls they have fucked, what's really going on?
or five. And a hug.
I can't wait to get my car, this bus shit is weak!!!
come back to independence and just chill for a day :)
Loved last night's 2nd season debut of hosted by our awesome members Can't wait for the next episode!
interesting read
he wasn't with me sweating in tha gym
Remember to tune in tomorrow. Its fangirl-over-Gongchan day haha XD
"My soul has grown deep like the rivers, I bathed in the Euphrates when dawns were young"Langston Hughes-The Negro Speaks of Rivers
You know what sucks worse than going to a school that doesn't have central air conditioning? The people there who don't shower.
During job interviews, be prepared to make your case for the UNIQUE VALUE you bring to the organization.
Lmfao ! Wordd": See great mind think alike ;) "
No, sadly it's Monday.
Great Topic!!! Very important!!
bipolar much?:)
Nights like this I just wanna pack my shit up
#Redlegs are undefeated!
yeah idk y but anyways mah mom took away my phone:(
Can't wait to hear the word God has for me...
It was great meeting you at #KBIS !
Using Data to make decisions precon #PLA12. Increasingly clear that libs make a LOT of value jdgmnts abt "value" of what libs do.
goin home saturday watchin ustream friday and sunday well nothing
Good afternoon everyone. I hope you're all having a wonderful Friday so far. TGIF
Today we will celebrate the 100th bday of the late Dr. Height. She reminds us all, "everyone can be great because everyone can serve."
BOXING IS NOT DEAD!!! Just needs the right ppl to market the new up and coming stars! #Boxing>UFC
Heroes!!! Bring it back!!!
Training back to back sessions hungover. This'll be interesting.
Purchased HD video switcher. Now we can videotape events and seminars with multiple cameras to (1) tape in High Def (saves editing costs).
Anytime! Keep up the great work!
@ McDonald's Play Land with my little sister... They grow up too fast... She's so smart...
Rain rain go away. The #PNW wants to see sun today.
Uploading Shostokovich. I'll just pretend this is a normal Wednesday night activity & not uber-lame since it's a pre-Thanksgiving Wednesday.
omg #dontjudge I take it back
is tuning up the pipes! Rehearsals resume this Monday, September 13th at St. Luke's in North Park. Come one, come all...
What a #BEAUTIFULDay! Mention this tweet and get a $2 glass of #wine on the patio. Cheers!
Evans Collective, then Merely the Mocs...yes please!
Acts 1:8 calls us to be #missionaries to all the ends of the Earth! E-mail for info on #DR & #Ecuador in Aug!
Want to relax the kids before bed tonight? Try Bright from the Heart's PJ Yoga Party for kids ages 5-11 tonight at 6PM....
When you see me shining you won't ever question again.
Chilling bored right now and follow me people
yeah... Another week in Detroit. Not what I dreamed about when I became a consultant...
love those pics so much please send a few to
I suspect since I loved the #Common #Law pilot, that it will die after one season. :(
HE IS A DAMN CHEATER FUCK SYRACUSE ITS MIZZOU TIME GO TIGERS
Any news on Jack from the E:60 special?
what you doin Sunday? Family stuff all day?
Arapahoe County Assembly running much smoother than Denver... Knock on wood
I would pay $4 to see at the Boarding House. Hell, I might pay $800.
to be in the same room with her I would glow up like a light lol
damn...they postponed due to some in house issues...I owe u a drink def....
Are you taking the time to breathe in a deep breath of His Spirit?
Eighty degrees out / magnolia, pear blossoms / where are the cherries?
theres no place like home
I and my friends love u so much, you are the best. Come Here.?
Paxton's potato skins...yum
Still working...
No one told me skin tight leggings showing off your cottage cheese ass and camel toe was in this summer. Fucking disgusting.
woohoo! #brandprops to that! RT : Many thanks to for answering my question. They're doing #custserv right!
Tweetdeck you need to make some sortof bonk noise when you don't update. Grr.
So Greg's alarm didn't go off and I'm not waking him up.
enjoying a great conversation about
basketball on the new hoop all day >
“: you're perfect in my own little world”
you are really annoying
LSU or Bama? I'm going for Bama. I hate to see Bama lose twice this season. The best two teams are in the BCS, but we need a playoff system!
Yeah, we know Gronk is the best. We don't need him on the cover of Madden. Just want him on the field at 100%.
down below.. 2 lips was brought together.... hahaha
Onions sweating. Italian and French chicken sausage combo on deck. Peppers, tomatoes, Italian herbs in the hole.
wait. What's there to dread? Loving the week of special foods!
Only 15 days until Fiesta!
I second that peanut butter egg #onlyfromchurch comment!!! Can't wait for mine Easter morning
yeah I think I have a couple extra copies of that laying around. Haha. Jk.
congratulations to Harvard's historic basketball Season on their title clinching WIN over Penn!
i'm crazy bored!
“: mans trip as well?”. You know it. What day are you leaving to go home?
Getting home from school past 9 is the worst...especially because thats when I like to go to sleep :(
sorry about that. It's #swsaspring see you soon!
well u better molly wop that punk ass byatch
This economy is making it better than ever to start your internet marketing business.
Where you can ask questions, are encouraged to give feedback, etc... because chances are you will need them again!
I miss that sweet little man and his ability to procure coffee and milk out of thin air.
BOGO 50% off denim at !!! Sounds like a shopping-spree waiting to happen :-)
so how is it going for you? Having a good week?
Low clouds and fog stubborn to clear immediate area thru weekend; highs still above normal, near 30°F
phone died goodnight
I love your golden look tonight. Grats on both Michigan and georgia winning.
Watching Smokey and the Bandit with Viggle Wed | 12:10PM | MoviePlex Get real rewards just for watching TV.
he's evolved as a man, damn it! LOL
Is the game on yet?
Like the son he never had RT : Breen really likes Wade
A no, no at an IEP meeting is kicking your spouse under the table so that he/she stops talking.
For a LIMITED TIME ONLY get 50% OFF our service, just by using our OFFER CODE: 012386
This weeks audio edition is online. Available on 20th April, dated 23rd April. Earliest I've ever seen it.
"Niall is just like Barbie. He has blonde hair, blue eyes, and no matter how much he eats, he's still fit and skinny."
Thanks for sharing! Your notes are great! :)
#NCLB on the way out, very good. Now let's get our kids and #teachers outside those walls.
we still love you hannah!
Well from perusing their 128 page thread, it seems like Gottlieb. It's a pretty ridiculous read.
a gorgeous ginger
where you at ,
LOL! We actually do use Wikipedia almost every day in our house. My 13-year-old son especially. =)
I always shake my non existing dreads listening to waka flocka
Thanks for the follow! I really enjoyed your fried chicken and appreciated your customer service.
Game 7! Let's do this!
Yay! I'm in pdx, could I drop it off to you instead of paying shipping? maybe this weekend?
it's all good up in there!
. If wright can avoid injury, i think he is a solid part of our D
best rapper u never heard of
proud of him; you're a good mama. but DAYUM! I wanna go!!! lolol
When you realize you were thrown aside, betrayed, not good enough, and taken advantage of. I'm and was so much better than you ever deserve.
I and Love and You by The Avett Brothers makes me a little misty. And a little homesick.
S/O to my new followers. Got it IN at the BASEMENT last night
It wasn't 14-14 when I posted. Brat.
First weekend of play is over
Majority Leader Senjem - "Red veto pens don't move the state forward."
"What, you don't know?"
siri, play shake rattle and roll! ;)
Gr8 cast & crew meeting, gr8 table read- schedules & call times will B forthcoming... Every1 at meetings thx U rock!
This dude is really lying down in the movie theater. He's seriously laying across 4 seats
Everybody please go #follow the Baton Rouge Community College men's basketball team
laying on the floor of a bus trying to get some sleep .. if we crash
I love the way you lie
Hopefully soon. Tell every1 we say hello! RT : you should come to germany!!! got a lot of fans over here in hannover ;)
The greatest foes, and whom we must chiefly combat, are within.~ Miguel De Cervantes
Holy hell my aunts wedding is gonna western hell yeah I get to wear my cowboy boots and ride a macanucal bull
Of course it's not your fault that evidence does't exist. Beliefs are personal. Smug atheists, smug preachers--little difference
good concessions too!
I'm always with you in spirit! Like Obi Wan Kenobi. Lo
Need for speed...Recall's RFID solution makes getting information faster.
Sorry for the spelling error on your name Dede and congrats again!
Incredible #cubuffs week! Success in the PAC 12 and Spring Ball! Shoulder to shoulder!
Thank you!!
MTV To Be Honored At Trevor Live Presented By Audi of America &amp; Wells Fargo
What up! Where you been?
it's terrifying... I keep getting more and more upset about it
^^i can't speak indonesian..umm ok i will try it
thank youu! have you heard of it before?
forget the froyo next week - let's play 's game - bring on the wine!!
hi Bella this is a reply for the valentines day thing for 8th grade. Ily <333
Quote of the night, "I'm 80 lbs too much and 2 rich parents too short of being a true hipster kid." Oh. How I kill thee.
Had such a fun day today!!! Life is good in lala :)
My #flipclass presentation was accepted for #ncte12. Vegas in November!
I just want to throw it across the room and see it shatter in million pieces...
i was staying the night at 's house, and she started telling me a dream. i was so tired that i said id recite it back.
ZOOMER-THINK TANK If people lived forever, they would take forever to get anything done.
“It’s like all my life everyone has always told me 'you’re a shoe, you’re a shoe, you’re a shoe."
It's become a real fair
IM SO POORR BUT I WANNA GO
Not true, real fans will forever remember you fondly in our memories forever even when the cleats are no longer worn.
I'll send him your way. Mike Chen if 10news
Let me add my congrats on your excellent review, Bethany!
I like it very much!!!
It still bugs me when shows discussing our Solar System say that it has 8 planets.
just flamed his ass!!
it was a damn good doppelganger. Also, I'm happy that marquette strongman is a thing in this world.
Ok..... Im iz about to go tf off!
of course it is and cultish too
R.I.P Junior Seau he was a great player
#1day so SIKE for the new song #Boyfriend by i bet its going to be the greatest song EVER luv it
// "Tap into the power of our full potential"
Heard Leslie died. Damn.
Shut up
Fall has asked for my silence and has showed me that judging yourself is not the same as being honest and open with yourself
girl I'm gonna miss you :((( !!!!! Will you still be at games and stuff ??
Everyday I look forward to seeing your tweets :) it's the first thing I do in the morning and the last thing I do at night<3
I hope god has a big gnose that would help justify mine.
omg guess who's going to TX!!!!
Revenue Commissioner Frans says that staff can pull together all of the numbers senators are asking for before adjournment.
LOVE IT!
In order to save this country from the republicans' demise, we must raise taxes on EVERYBODY!! That is the Patriotic thing to do!!
Hate it when people piss you off. So fucking mad at someone right now grrrr lol.
doing good. Yourself?
Overheard two people arguing other day on campus about who had more money..the winning logic? "I have two louis belts, you only have one"
wish I was there to watch tv with u :-)
Good news: scored last min exit row seat on a full flight. Bad news: at least an hour delay due to weather
where is this second beer bistro?
Impervious what? Things you overhear at a
But I just want to be perfect like her.
hey mama, not feeling good. Have dr. appt, can we do lunch tomorrow, same time & place?
at 8:55pm, I have finally decided to stop eating junk food, get off the couch and leave the apt. not sure why. guilt? boredom? fresh air?
Google Offers in LA lists a "kid-friendly BYOB cupcake class". (BYOB means 'Bring Your Own Beer') Um.... WTF?!?
Lol tweeting, watching tv, listening to my IPod lol
eatting sunflower seeds!
no way me 2! And a couple other people other person I actually might but yeah haha
N thinking about how good my blonde hair would look with my outfit today
Maybe the should make a play for Matt Forte since Chicago doesn't seem to give a crap about him.
Yeah sure
a drop of 2976% for this building's energy use year to year probably means that I have made a mistake somewhere
Holding my peace..well trying to anyway...
God is a comedian, playing to an audience too afraid to laugh
So... last night was fun
great show tonight
Mobile learning approaches: mobile as a method to access learning and as method to deliver learning. Access = browser. Delivery = app
I know, she's the shit :)
U say prepare? Releasing you to someone/anyone/halfway home who will sign on the dotted line to accept you is the prep.
RT : "Innovation" is a great word to throw around - tough word to implement into your culture - yet absolutely necessary to...
It's a competition on Maury, so don't forget to call in and vote for me at 1-866-996-2879. Thank you!
Pretty much, yeah.
Fascinating find in my front yard- a saber buried in the ground under a rosebush. Very weird; a real mystery. Probably not a real antique.
What a shitty day
Change of Plan: Instead of Black Sea, I will be on Aegean Odyssey June 9-July 3: France, Italy, Croatia, Albania & Greece!
that sucks. You are probably stuck in enemy territory? Lol
HoW iS yOuR dAy??
Hey friends! Wondering who is going to be at the Fest of Books this weekend -- I'll be in the booth #84 both days!
Cool my mom just called me a bitch. Love you too.
...most third world countries are rather large lol.
RT : I'm an "I love you, man" drunk. You? >> that's the best kind!
#bieberisonmyxmaslist for my daughter but he a pretty hot idem this year so I might have a hard time finding him but hey #neversaynever ;)
I've got a fabulous collection of critter ass photos from 6 continents. Don't need 7th, have penguin ass photo from S. Africa.
Pumped that will be joining us tomorrow at #FranciscanHospital to support our guys and
Thanks Terence Thank you very much! Thank you very much for thinking of me! Have a cold one for me! DD
Owen was playing on his mat and I was in the kitchen. When I looked up he was on his tummy. We officially have a roller!!
Now, I must get lunch but that involves leaving my house. And driving somewhere. And I don't know where to go and I'm tired.
haha oh man! He prob has special privileges to huh? lol
Already a great conversation going on tonight... #InternPro peeps are the smarter-est!
Getting married under a dinosaur.. it'd be so funny if it fell during the ceremony.
girls who think their all that because they hangout with boys. < anything else.
All Sports
same here awake at night and sleep during the day
hello, I am the winner of those head phones. I was just wondering when they ship out ?
KEEP CALM AND EAT A CUPCAKE!!!
I had charbroiled pork chops in Columbia City. Not too shabby ;)
You know you need to try it. Press the button...
lebron can fly but bg32 is scary
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 24
you think so?? Wait until you see me :P
Waiting for Newt Gingrich to arrive at Weaver Auditorium in Milwaukee.
Haha he gon come back and blow the whole school of its stilts
Can we try one more time to make it all better.
Funny how everytime i look at ur smilee, i tell my self this is why im not going to screw up
At Walmart, hilarious seeing all the men Christmas shopping
Hello, Jell-o is a game changer! After making the rainbow and following your blog I was eagerly waiting for the release!
Should have done a pool on the ETA of the donation email related to Obama's big announcement.
what in the hell am i gonna do with this ankle length down coat?!?!
Children's Lit SUCKS!!
I don't feel like studying. I'm just gonna chill and listen to music.
what's up?
la kings are beating every team i hate. thank you.
Doheny Memorial Library
I'm down...the 4 pack deal ends tomorrow I think
RT : Can't wait till summer! Looking forward to my plans..one of which is teaching & playing tennis with :)
I cant wait for Friday... :D
Oh! This is never good...
2 days down 3 more days left of school cant wait till the end!!!
Thank you Molly!:) I hope you are enjoying the new year so far!:)
RT:It is official, 2012 Assumption College Commencement Speaker....at least until a bigger college asks you to...
How about or/and ?
hah u thought I was twitterless mane. Whats good?
this dude need to hurry the heck up Shucks!!!
You hurt me...I'm not doing this again...guys learn from your mistakes!!
vinny not ugly ur ugly stop hating u going to hell
Finally. My ex-bff talked to me.
Yo! I'll be missing out tonight. Seeing Avengers again. Have fun!!!!
People are actually up washing their cars at 7:30am on a Sunday! The only thing that gets me up this early is !
Definitely!! RT Missing my lunch buddies
Had a great scouting trip last week in amazing Hodgeman County, Kansas! Looking forward to working with the community on the movie soon!
Paging reggie miller
Why in the world are you so pretty?!I wish I was as pretty as you are c:
#happy #2012 There will two #epic shows on tv today: #crossfitgames on #espn2 and #sherlock on BBC1. Great way to start 2012. #tuneIN!
Eau Claire bound! I'm sure I'll feel all grandma-like on water street tonight!
you welcome lol :)
To keep your life moving ahead, you need to set some goals...
#ThingsHigherThanZimmermansBond the foreclosure around the country! -_-
Know your tables ;-) RT : Lean Thinking and SCUBA. You don't need a dive computer. That's as lean as you probably want to get.
LBJ... SCREW YOU AND TAKE NOTES!!!
wow, you are going there??
What up fam
Today's Scramble: Roasted Onions, Mushroom, Spinach, White Cheddar w/ Tomato Pesto...Hurry in!
Not 1 but 3 Ralph Lauren cologne inserts in the June Does the word overkill mean anything to you people? Oh, and ANNOYING?
We don't usually tweet sports but it's #Wrigley in spring; every game a drama, every win a step closer to history. GO #CUBS!
being able to skip 1st hour to sleep in >>>>
What an eventful day.
Hope you had a safe flight
Nah, it's not me. It's the lead singer of the rock band Enon from Brooklyn who is one hell of a performer on stage
Is the Proverbs Challenge still going strong in your devotional life?
we are opening a gallery/studio soon and I'd love to feature some of your work if that's cool? We wanna put Pgh art on the map!
homemade ice cream, sun, country music
Watched Final Destination 5 yesterday with 7 girls and I was the only one screaming.
Eleanor Roosevelt seems to have been a cool lady
Another museum geek checking in at MSP. There seem to be a lot of us here, looking tired but inspired after
I<U+FFFD>ve pretty much never thought to myself <U+FFFD>I wish I had taken less notes during that meeting
Well Done! Let's keep it in the family. ;)
Everyone in #miami must check out #theculture at the Irish pub in brickell <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Outstanding touchdown by Love watching this guy play!
SUPER shout out to my little sister Simone Leeds who's graduating from Wilberforce today!! Hope my fam is having a great time in Ohio.
ATTENTION ALL MY LOVELY FOLLOWERS: please follow her! She's a true #directioner and a beautiful member of my #1DFamily :-)
Horseshoe Casino & American Lung Association holding 12p presser in support of smoke free casino in Council Chambers
Oh im sorry. But i hope u realize its not ur fault for him hitting you , its his angry temper.
I was voted most likely to work at my high school, for what it's worth. I'd never go back.
: Thanks for the #FF !! Cheers to fun faves ”
hi! thanks for following. check us out at facebook.com/mufasatheband :)
he better recognize, Insanity is an ass kicker! ;)
i'm going to pretend that twitter didn't tell me to follow mcdonalds
Mango smoothie from BK
Watched M Shite JambaJuice's movie Devil. I think he just read Save the Cat, it has a distinct formula.
Huge win by the #Buffs!!! Come on we need one more!!!
I literally have spent the entire day in bed watching tv. Comcast OnDemand (movies) is definitely profiting from my being sick.
HAHA good call. I only went back a 2nd time for the view.
Looked at the topic for my second history essay...yeah I'm screwed.
"Suffering is caused by desire."---Buddha
Fakers are toast
The United States Government may deport you for the following reasons
woo goodluck! #fooddiscounts RT Second interview today. Wish me luck!
Dream Chasers wasnt as hard as i thought it was gona be............
Home sweet home Minnesota
: Best practices for maintaining good relations w/sources who may not share/agree w/the POV you report from?
I am grazing, drinking water, eating fruits and veggies and I have not craved DQ at all! I think I am on track! How about you?
#BeliebersAreAliensBecause it is humanly impossible to have as much swag as we do ;)
OMG WHY DO I KEEP GOING ON THIS TWITTER AND TWEETING. I'M RETARDED.
Now you eat!
I'm at Bobcat Bites in Santa Fe, NM. Yum!
you know you're an actor. :)
Just tapped, Leavenworth Brewing Whistling Pig Hefeweizen (replaces Brewing Double Barrel Ale)
It's not really that complicated! L0l. All you really do is just follow people and reblog pictures/gifs c:
Making some final planning on our Olympics trip, average sleep time:6-7 hours. This will be awesome.
You will have the chance to win one of the FIRST NEW Denver Broncos Jerseys (there will be 3 total winners).
Haha. It's a book. It can be dreadfully boring at times and I am required to read about 15-20 pages tonight ):
I often have a strong urge to ctrl+F print documents
What up bro I love your stuff and I was wondering if u whould like to do a interview for my YouTube series InFocus With MJR
Don't approach a goat from the front, a horse from the back, or a fool from any side. [Jewish Proverb]
Our favorite things to eat we're juicy piano riffs, with a side of salty bass lines, and a cup of marmalade drum beats
It's hard to see my Aztecs go through a tough time, but I know it will pass. Still wearin' my red and black.
lets go hookers! where we going?
March WILL be different than February.
Watching this laker game. Let's go lakers
we're dishing out W's and ass kickings.
baseball. the football game was over at kickoff.
I love the feeling I get after soccer practice <3
but Paseo is an outdoor hang out place in LA
HA! (sorry for the delay - just saw this)
Just downed a Jones
Lakers need to put kobe on gallinari
Thank you to my work for the much needed spa day!! I could get used to having Fridays off! :)
Feliz #CincodeBrendo! Donate to amazing cause in honor of and his day of birth!
i have the greatest sister eveer she took jay last night so ican sleep my baby loves her ninis bed
Every time I see a new person at the gate, I will speak to them in a different accent just to confuse them
What an amazing finish!! The #vuelta never ceases to surprise! Congrats to Froome!
RT: Who inspires you this Women's History Month? #womenweadmire My mom
Starving!!! And there's nothing to eat at my house. ;-;
cool. looking forward to hearing more!
He has the passion.
I am posting and blogging the contest photos tonight! Winners will be announced this Wednesday so stay tuned!
I'm also doing well... how's life treating you?
I've started a kickstarter to fund my kickstarter. Please send me your money
Do I know you did I say hi to you I don't think so so what's you name?
Woke up late...en route to the gym...gonna jump in that pool...
Yeah! Like global warming. It'll still be there tomorrow, man. Get some rest.
TV going crazy..trying to watch #yanks..#NYR and #knicks...are maybe its just me running back and forth!
TSA needs to pick it up a little bit. The process is still too long.
With your sophomoric arguments, please don’t saddle our kind, turn your eyes into accoutrements, dj music will expanded your mind.
I am still very much a work in progress...
My new glasses should be arriving tomorrow! Woohoo! :D
I am that broken hearted girl
PR tip i had forgotten, never call the BizJournal on a Wed. that is their deadline day. Thanks Aliza for all the tips today!
can I suit up and be your Ozzie Guillen in the dugout?
Long time no peep howz the lady?
thank you again to my followers for following just one more till 100
RT : RT if you want to win Dancing With The Stars!
Next month is going to be crazy. Can't wait though
skip that class and hit that bong
Bottomless chips and salsa at Chili's: I just found the bottom. You lied.
no charges for voting Standard text rates apply tho
hey Bettina, thanks for follow.
Thanks! Sorry we couldn't be there. We'll let you know when we reschedule for Manchester.
Had Ah Long Fuqking Day Today Filled With Lies And Unloyalty!
Pujols homers....now the MLB season can begin.
RIP Levon Helm, co-founder of The Band. Take a load off.
Can you tell the difference bet product changes on your metrics and external changes such as competition actions?
Doing very well! How are you doing?
NZ canoeing duo flying under radar at Olympics
Are you planning on attending the concert, Lance?
Mom: I wish I would have appreciated my body in my teens and 20s. Dad: I appreciated it.
Child Prostitution Needs to be Stopped
I've been pretty obsessed with my supplied fitbit on day one. I hope I can keep it up because THE DATA. OH THE DATA.
Work Hard. Play Hard. Sleep Heavy.
On our email list? We'll be sending out our quarterly e-newsletter early next month with a special offer for subscribers only! DM us now!
Legal records professionals needed for opportunity in large firm in San Diego! Please email me at !
hey you too! I'm lost on this adventure but if it's in Baltimore I'm in!
come in tonight ! I work from 3-8
i'm visiting with my sexy girlfriend 2nite and we're getting up to no good! wanna hear all about our naughty exploits? cum chat 4 free!
i see you.
come to Portland so i can meet you already. Like really. All I hear from my friends is about you & the rest of PF. Come. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
On the website?! It should!!! I thought I just tested it. Can you get to it through my Tumblr post?
Using a neti-pot for the first time. See you on the other side.
This just in: GloZell put alcohol on welps on her skin! Does it help or not?
RT : Did you know Watermelon is actually a vegetable? It is related to cucumbers, pumpkins & squash. #DidYaKnow. Really?
I'm not really "cool" with any of my EX's.. I don't see how you fuckers do it *shrugs*
being "out" online is mostly liberating, but I do have to dial it WAY down on discussions like these as a result
Hungry as fuck n no one wants to buy food!
Off to KL for a Panasonic shoot... Looking forward to it. Been a while since visiting KL
You said "I love you". I sneezed and said "Sorry, I'm allergic to bullshit
I don't think the nvidia drivers are working for me in 11.10; dragging windows remains slow & jerky. And... there's Unity.
God turned the Nile river into blood wut
How are we doing on this Sunday?
haha, true that.
last week of work! holla holla :)
I'd tell you I miss you, but it wouldn't change anything
Not the coach's decision on draft day, unless that coach happens to be named Eric Mangini.
To a kid raised in PITTSBURGH, NYC was always where everything cool lived,so it feels great to be back here after so many years.
Chelsea wins! Chelsea wins the FA Cup!
Lol Mr. House and Mr. Car xD
My first #bloggiesta too. Working on mini-challenges today and having fun!
My Birthday on the 25th!... What Am I gone Shake? Decisions.. Descisions lmao
Time to sleep after everyth being arranged and confirmed I Need my #Power #Energy #GoodHealth ....
the wolves ate his heart brain and dick off.
Photoshoot tonight! More sexy photos coming your way ;) <3
There is a temporary power outage affecting half of the #IUPUI University Library. We will keep you posted.
Recommends J.S. Mill's 'On Liberty'.
Look on our profile. :)
Big congrats!!!
Tell that...he's already leaning towards Mo retiring because of this. Kay's imitating Bayless now
No Joke. A big bat comes "swooping" into the newsroom. Almost "dive-bombed" He tried to trap it with a recycling bin. Awesome.
No sweat
stare down your shadow and the eyes behind the sun. now you can do anything and yet you continue to run...
IF(CELL = ???") Is that four apostrophes? My eyes is bugging.
say! That does sound convenient! I don't think I can afford *not* to buy a Kindle! Will check finances and get back to you ASAP.
the arena?
Happy Monday, Boston. Still proud of those and so happy to have them back home. #GoPats!
it was okay it could of been better, then boom , yhuuu tweeted <3
Spring Beauty Trends!!!
We won't show any footage for a while. Still shooting. Keep your eye out for a trailer coming soon.
My life is watching my little sister play basketball.
can't wait to see it!
Lookie here, that's just blasphemy! knows the difference.
Whats everyone doing today? It's a "pull" day for me! Dude told me I should start wearing gloves... My calloused hands are gorgeous! ;)
Thanks! I'll check that one out.
That awkward moment when a girl says get off my nuts........
Shop at #wholefoods today! 5% of their profits go towards helping runaway and homeless kids in Wisconsin.
I wish you would stop putting yourself down. I bet your amazing!(:
My syllabi are almost finished for the fall. I can't believe that school starts in a little over a week. Where did my summer go? ack! :D
enjoying the #StPatricksDay tweets/photos from downtown CLE, y'all. but glad i'm not there.
Had another student book a.....NATIONAL COMMERCIAL for Hanes.....with MICHAEL JORDAN
feel better, love! we'll be back in nyc soon! and ... get ready!
Every beautiful girl has that dumb ass guy, that did her wrong. and made her strong.
that is downright hot for there....I really mean summerninDetroit hot...
Looks like a Jessica Simpson shoe, but I suppose that's a knockoff of something else, too.
I have only been to one class this term, about to go to my second one today though
it was weird, He forgot lyrics to entire songs. People were walking out in the middle of the show.
I need to put my tape on .
whether I poetry or dancing... I still met her at the club...
Spending the rest of the day laying on my stomach. Huzzah for health.
RT Tonight's plan: Listen to Feynman and Sagan until I feel better about the world again.
Ignore the snow; it really is nearly spring! Spring cleaning is a great time to set aside things to #donate to Goodwill!
Can't believe it took me so long to see this!
aite signin off but somfs hit me up kay
we share NOTHING
Still nor sure wtbd is with Twitter
Today is nice day.
FB going public next week. Clearly not one of the 1% worthy of $30 per share cost. My cost $100. So much for the little fish in the pond.
not that precious lil bro said,joseph you ugly lmao..i had fun with her tho (:
I for real am gonna save this Piña Colada this time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Hey just wondering when will u be done with nba rankings?
yu always kill it<3 love you so much! <3
Thank you “: I like your logo.”
Driving an hour South to surf this weekend and an hour North to snowboard next weekend...living in California is AWESOME!!!
looking at a house and then a big bbq bday tonight for J! We got him a scooter!
Hello to our new followers! Thanks for the support...
Dear , I dig you, but your process for unlinking an account from an email address is f#$cking ridiculous. Make it easy.
You know how smart your friends think you are when you get 44/50 on a test and thinks you got 44% lol
You need to be in this class so you can tell me what Im missing.
Austin always does concerts in the same states. Same Mahomies get to meet him. While others still haven't got that chance.:/
Will Somebody Plz Come Shoot Me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> Ugh< sure which gun you want me to use? lol
; I'm not perfect & neither are you.. But together we're imperfectly perfect <3
Heading to Youngstown for pizza and wings #yay :)
Ahaha he is he is! Imma put you on
. But can be hard to do! "... Client Development Tip: Figure out what your clients want and deliver it. Exactly!!!!"
#FirstDateRules i cant wait til me n go on r 1st date!
: "Sometimes happiness is to need for nothing" - thanks for all the insight. That particular quote touched me.
I think 13
Did you see his broadway show while you were in NYC?
Come for Happy Hour this evening Always a good look.
Best mash efficiency so far. I might actually be getting better at this.
Please continuously bitch about the Timeline, I'm sure it will just disappear
so what's in the bag?? please do tell :)
that was richard thompson then
Who is going to win the $2000 tonight !?
Isn't it strange that on TV a detective can only solve a case once he is suspended from duty.
Insomnia sucks!!!! I'm super grumpy this morning b/c I feel like I slept about 30 minutes last night. Grrrrr!
u got 2... gotta do the same
u never followed me back...
I need a haircut :/
Speaking at a school today and here's my speech: Be awesome. Have fun doing it. Any questions?
Blown away by Cooper Lighting intros at #lfi2012 using advanced optical waveguide technology. 90+% optical efficiency; 90+ LPW output.
RT : awesome time Well done guys. Last night was a blast as well. Awesome listening to (thanks!)
RT Just reported a police trap on I- 270 S, using Waze - Drive Social
RT : This Saturday: concerts & Texas Natural Science Center 2 pm - 4pm! Cultural Campus...
Game of Thrones. Aww yeah
watching My Babysitter's a Vampire !!!
Yup! Thats how u gotta do it sumtimes RT : put me on the spot huh lol
always helpful!
Thanks! It was taken on the set of
RT : RT : As a speaker is master at tying disparate tactics into a unified big picture. Killing it
Curators are typically gatekeepers, while educators are gate openers.
I do! Follow me! :D
Yayy and my mom got me candy :)
This event will bennifit Harvest Home. Located in Venice, CA. A organization that houses Women who are pregnant and Homeless
I WANNA BE HOME.
SCHOOL! BUS! DEMO! LITION! DERBY! I heart the Washington Co. Fair.
awesome , sounds good (:
ah you're welcome. It's what I do. :)
Are we dating? Are we fucking? Are we best friends? Are we something in between that?
No worries, hope you are feeling better! +VP
Humm...what to do this weekend? We've got free Hawaiian Music Concert, Sam Choy Poke Competition and more. See you !
If there's a better time and place for cookies and pizza than 'tonight' and 'in bed' I don't know what it is.
Just delivered to and and !
"Only by giving are you able to receive more than you already have." - Jim Rohn
And we just thought they were happy cows.
YOU BLEW IT
Working on my production schedule now, but regardless, I'll make it happen.
it's because people are talking to each other instead of playing with their phones
I want that #sallyisdead photo for my tumblr. Got to find it.
how is it saturday where you are?
I've got a mad crush on you. [;
Only two days until Chick-Fil-A Leadercast. Volunteering for the day as a VIP Lounge Host. I am excited to be able to help..
really now haha :)
Sometimes Showing Interest Just Isn't Enough
You'll have to check the Lava cake at the Charthouse next time you are in Portland and especially the view.
I'd rather be punched in the face than tickled.
Got the NFL ticket on my iPad. Thanks Chance!!!
Thanks for the retweet, guys. I enjoy your show.
oh, snap! Lol
Boy they really reel in the fans there in San Diego don't they...
HAHA. Love you!!
derp! I love them :')
I BALL LIKE I AINT GOT A CHOICE. Y'ALL BALL LIKE YOU DON'T BOUNCE BACK. HATERS IN THE BUILDING...
a perfect relationship is always changing. you can't just find the perfect person and expect everything to fall into place.
Not being able to sleep<<<
I can feel my heart beating like a marching band <U+2665>
I love my mom and gma... I have never seen my gma mad or sad its crazy... She is a naturally happy person
I worked with both and on freepress.net. The world is mind-blowingly small!!! :)
Can we help with anything?
true enough. this is the dialog you get when you cross a #McKinsey consultant with an #Apple product guy :)
Realizing the racist nature of our society isn't about hating anyone.
thanks! same to you!
Sangria Luxe Lounge in Glendale Tonight 59th ave and utopia just south of the 101 freeway!!
and there's a light ...
My TL be moving fast
Good Evening will be remembered for their indominable spirit.
yeah we talked. I know ,i wanna start saving money to go to korea, omo ure my unni,can I call u that or by youre name?^-^
Fuck it I'm hoopin in the morning
Always happy to inspire a rant.
Headed to Missoula!
I Swear jeca kids stay up the latest knowing we got the most work to be doing lol
Thank you for a great season orange
One way to motivate students who don't want to do much is to be in their faces with a look on your face that shows concern, not frustration.
Another 8 hour at buffalo.. Selling my soul back to that place, one shift at a time <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008B>
Thanks Chad! I'm having a Dead Poet's Society moment thanks to you.
If its not important enough for you to leave a voicemail it must not be important enough for someone to call back
RT Even when I wake up on time I always spend an extra hour laying in bed, on twitter...SMH
I wasn't even thinking of the fan marquee guy, but you're right, he's insane!
“: I could love you with all my heart, but the hardest part is, I just can't love you back. -Easton Corbin”
I've that no matter how much I care, some people just don’t care back.
So Coleman University decided I owe $190 before I can graduate! They told me everything was covered, this is going to be a fight.
So true haha!! RT: #HardestThingsInLife having a round bat, a round ball, and hitting it square.
DJ! Thx 4 the follow! We hope u have a chance 2 dig u some Secret Skwirl! Best & Success!
Hahah I'm never taller than anyone. XD
Chef Chris will be making the delicious Tartine on News Channel 5's "Talk Of The Town" today at 11 a.m.! Be sure to check it out!
going in with low expectations can really do wonders! :)
It's tough to keep eating healthy when times go bad. But we CAN keep on track. Keep healthy meals delicious and it's easier. You go, girl!
bowl of chicken noodle soup...oh and sleep...sweet sleep.
right. Submissive is a good thing in context
is at LAX, heading to Dalles, onto Jackson Hole, WY for Yosi's party this week-end, In NYC next week for the return of the
anything new? I miss our long conversations :(
Story Week will be fantastic. Sneed, Campbell and
Ha! Not luck, just doing it. Still, not as much as I would like, but working on it ;-)
let me know if you wanna come- i'll put you on the guestlist. talking to the guys from korea might be good for your research!
at michaels in winter park.
I will sell your soul
thanks so much for the follow! If you ever need a mattress or anything furniture related you now have a Mattrezzz Guy!!!
Almost made it to 1/2 a game. One of these days
I have commitment issues :-/
Are you kidding me Denver traded completely out of the first round!!
I need to effin go to sleep, such a long day tomorrow. If only I could quiet my mind.
Plus it would be evidence of how hard you're trying!
NO WAY. I really am considering watching it now just to see those paintings.
I absolutely love that show! And no one is more corrupt than Nancy so I think you're safe there.
Sounds great!
Go t-dog we love ya good luck at dance !!!!
omg i want you to come
Thanks Jud!! Will try to come soon
Teacher: "Did you study for the test?" Nerd: "All week long." Normal people: "I read the chapter." Me: "What test?!"
JUST signed-off, will shout you out tomorrow, cool?
Howard starts to get teased when he becomes the only one from the University without a Phd, tune into The Big Bang Theory at 6:30!
You have the brightest face & smile to get any day going. We love having you in Nashville!! Hugs Robin!!
I wanna be someone else today...feeling a little mischievous ...in a good way....
Is this kid really scratching his balls right in front of me? Not cool!
follow back please?
Everybody tweet mee your favorite iconic boy!!
It doesn't even work. RT : Facebook for iPhone has to be the most incompetent, slow, frustrating app available.
. is there a link? Thanks
How often do you catch yourself listening to Willow Smith's "Fireball" and question where your taste in music went wrong?
seeing that garbage has a new album out just makes me want to listen to curve.
We are not going to permit these thieving tinhorn gamblers to spoil American sports. That is part of our life - good, clean sport. [1945]
The end if the quarter has that effect.
I miss you.....sucks only seeing you once a week :(
My goal Today! Be a Better Me :)
sounds like fun!
Love is like a calculator, u just keep ending up back at zero
Hello to all of our new followers! If you have any questions, feel free to ask :)
there is that. I'll find it eventually. “: Look for the hat #SMCNSB RT : you here?”
invading my house like some sort of terrorist.... i mean
Biography celebrates Nick Coleman, a giant in Minnesota politics ...
Open your nose
Merry swiftmas eve
no kidding! I'm hoping the folks with the academic internship program can help me.
Just left my new second job at Babies R Us. Lmao. Working at Toys R Us & Babies R Us. #Winning!
jeez. we've already been so spoiled and it's only the first WEEK of their summer vacation. I JUST CANT!
Just got my yearbook. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
RT : Stay tuned for Charlie Boy Gang new Mixtape dropping 5-28-12 NO GRIND NO SHINE. Weworkin
yes yes yes
Cops: Woman faked pregnancy, beat mom with tire iron to steal baby
Heat vs Pacers! Who Do You Got?
“: One year longer, one year stronger. Last night Dane Co. elected 3 #wiuinon organizers to its Board of supervisors.”
Sandestin Golf and Beach Resort - Championship Golf and Luxury ...: Destin and Fort Walton Beach, along with the attractions of the E...
my favorite!! I love it straight-up cold! :) TGIF! xoxo
Brad Stevens was at Tri-West last night to see them play Park Tudor.
seeing how you react towards a bball game on Twitter is enough to motivate me to buy you tickets for Xmas next year and go with <U+E106><U+E412>
My reaction to seeing the escalate EXT is not normal..
Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third
2,055 years ago Julius Caesar was stabbed to death in the Roman Senate. Bad blood or bad anchovies? Who cares? It’s March Madness bay-bee!
#beingsinglesucks cuz u don't have that special someone to always be there when needed . Or for them to hold you .
Hickupps I'm hungry and practically busted my ass in the puddle of conditioner ivan left in the tub <U+2639><U+2639>
Don't apologize to me about a conversation where we clash saying you understand my POV, then bitch to my boss about churn.
#RememberHow in elementary school all that was in our minds was recess and lunch
Josh Hamilton your a beast. There's nothing more you can say. He hit 4 homeruns in 1 game and had 8 RBIs
Hockey season just around the corner....can't wait for this season to start. Memorial Cup, here we come!!
did you get them through a grant or did your district by them?
Happy Mother's Day to all the fantastic moms out there young and old!
Your a BEYOND great dancer! I love you so much thank you for inspiring me I wouldn't be who I am today if it wasn't for you<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Thanks so much for coming to see the show!
Publix is always #1. Teeter is an adequate substitution, and why I drive to NoMa for groceries.
Its snowing
“Keep that chinner of yours in check or we’ll have civ parts spread clear across this draking planet.”
Will the PayPal Pro addon (when its complete) include the ability to charge for one-time and recurring at the same time? thx
Thanks so much - we'd love to have you take it for a spin!
Thank YOU, lady - it was a wonderful event. Always fantastic to be in a room full of so many great people and ideas :)
gettin yu at 5 make sure u bring pj's n stuff we leaving 9am tomorrow
I'm peer pressuring all of my friends into having the best night of their lives with
drew get this girl out of your head man. talking about her is only gonna make it alot worse. move on buddy!
Those LEGO "hackers" are still making things other people dreamed up and designed. Kids still do it better.
Good luck everyone!
If it's very painful for you to criticize your friends - you're safe in doing it
That's good. We saw so many distressed people with no family, no support system at all outside "corrections". You must, too.
Hockey players we have coaches looking for players join today post highlights and photos so MU can see your skills
I was lucky...didn't move far at all. A funny story, when I can tell ya, you'll crack up! ttyl ;-)
Watson is whistling in chapel today. You're missing out!
I mean, he (was in the room where they) picked MW the first time. He should know better.
Oh I thought I was following you already! I followed you now (:
Hey to you too (: I'm coming up June 20th and I'm free until July 1st. Reunion? I think so.
Staring at a car with spinners on it..that shit been played out.
Hate that ur being held back..
OMG I went to Walmart & saw your mag! I was beyond stoked to see it and I'm totally gonna subscribe :D This is awesome
Life is simple, it's jut not easy...
Andre Ward is a fabulously talented saxophonist. He is playing at Scullers on April 21. Go!
GOTTA WORK ON NEW MUSIC NO MATTER WHAT! EVERY DAY ALL DAY !
exactly, i don't text or call ppl you wanna talk too my ass you better come find me, cause im always caked up to worry bout them
RT “Truth & love must prevail over lies & hatred,” #Havel. It helped end the Cold War.
Hope a scottish rite fellow wins the prize for the most tweets
A little cray cray after 7 hours of dialogue. Now I have a million things to accomplish before 10 am.
Nick Collison is basically the #NBA's version of Gollum
Dear ARC parking lot. I dislike you, because I can never remember where my car is
Gonna Wear Me Some Blue Today To Show My Wildcat Pride Go BiG BlUe!!!!
Seconded. MT : Forming an exploratory committee to nominate Werner Herzog as narrator of the Fifty Shades of Grey audiobook.
The Saints have allowed a 1st 80% of the time on 3rd/4th and short this year. 3rd worst in NFL. Can't blame Mike Smith for having
Haha, yep! :D
Starting to wield the power of a
GO TIGERS!!!!! BEAT OU!
everything is going really well-- thanks for asking! hope all is well on your end
"Help me Jesus! Help me Opra!"
She was in the right side of the highway, and cars were passing on the left. Ybarra thought it was a two-lane highway. She was wrong.
Business travel will keep me away from most games this season, so it's better for a season ticket holder to run it.
Reports of a short firefight on Lechmere’ s point and the Continental troops are pushing British troops back toward their boats.
we use #IntlEd, some use
How do we amplify learning spaces, asks John Palfrey.
Correct...rematch it is, should be very exciting!!! : so do they play Walla Walla again?
Im going to be making body washes, shampoo, lotions, bath salts, bath teas, facial creams and my oils just came in the mail I am so excited
Sanity must supersede my existence, or else I become part of the problem.
I want!!
shut up
isn't robin hood foxy?
R.I.P Favorite Person #PoohBear And My Cousin AJ
Successful 1st quarter: Rich Baraniuk rlly said it all speaking on Laying the Foundation 4 Significant Change. OpenStax-nxt level.
I'm in Budapest for a few days of transnational hacking! Lots to report on my return.
Avoid using “quotation” marks “incorrectly” and where they serve no “useful” purpose.
I ate macaroni with bacon earlier(:
I REALLY hate the 30 min req'd courses on when a 3 min screencast & simple job aid would be WAY better & more efficient
Happy Birthay Miranda Cosgrove!!! :) please follow me :)
My jersey is now hanging in the closet between my jersey and Rickie Weeks jersey. #FavoriteAthletes :-)
Occupy my stomach
America, free enterprise will dominate once again Obama, pack your bags!!!! Thomas Bruzzesi will get this country moving again
woo! What size ? X
we need a cohesive culture to establish the regional brand and we need signature industries to be associates with it!
I have been here quite a few times. It is good.
what were you saying? Lol
Thanks, everyone, for your kind words.
please everyone go follow he is so nice and he would really appreciate if you were his 1000 follower. do it....... NOW
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher for the new year. Please see my website: www.filmproces0130.moo…
My name is Onika, you can call me Nicki.
Being a lax bro >>>
Looking for people that live or work in #Milwaukee's #Midtown. I would love to talk to you about ways that we can improve the
RT : Moms of twins/triplets can save $675 right now on our au pair program costs. website rcolley.aupairnews.com
Those of you in the Austin area, 10% off your initial clean when you mention this fb/twitter coupon! Book your pre/post ACL cleaning now!
10-4-- “: Yes! ovens! Marketing display tech.
I hope everyone has a great weekend! :)
Nope. That's a different Steve Aaron who lives about an hour away from me.
This morning I visited and read with Fountain Hills elementary school students in recognition of "Read Across America Day". Great kids & ...
yes haha in the boys bathroom in the commons
I'm glad I'm not able to watch this #Brewers game because it seems like a big bowl of suck.
The Titanic was built in Belfast, Northern Ireland. The usual comment is that: “It was fine when it left here!”
At JFK about to head into Manhattan on this sunny morning.
I'm glad they're not bringing that shit to maryland
What do I do?/: not even sure anymore.....
Also, what if there was no Twitter for me to post my insane and unsophisticated philosophical ramblings at 3 AM?
Happy Halloween!! Too old to trick-or-treat?? Come show off your costume at Choppers tonight and grab a pumpkin beer. Yum!
dreamed last night about an idea for a book. did quick search, didn't find the topic. might try and write this. who knows a publisher?
I guess whenever we think of Maddux, he looked like a CPA. So that toothbrush image just blows your mind.
Thanks , you're our 300th follower!!
Not an egg! Haha;)
hey I aint been on here ina minute
Start Thinking About Your Future... Lunch. At Classic Slice, Have you been to North Avenue Yet? 414.270.1880
Im sad because some one dos not txt me bake and when he txt me bake im going to tell him FUCK U
THEY'RE GOING TO PUT YOU IN TWITTER JAIL
I just showed glozell to my mom. Haha
Mall in MN, food court mexican. Fish tacos? Never had 'em. Thiss place is teeming with children.
my word is sacrifice. If Jesus can lay his life down for me surely I can crucify my flesh and follow him.
praise from Caesar
“: I love your video with Gym Class heroes. plus your really good on guitar ”- thanks!!
Nope--just in town for the weekend. Love the town, tho. RT Hope you made it to West Edmonton Mall. Did you enjoy yourself?
Hey girl! You are amazing.
No, that seems be an unreasonably low amount of money for the potential trouble you could face with insurance.
thanks honey
check out my bls
I think so … much quieter now.
I always want what I can't have..
Back in Sonoma this past weekend. Kayaking in healdsburg was lovely!
Kinda hot in these rhinos.
Will do :) What's your email?
Still in Madison, think we will be here for good. As for Hawks, that killed me. This weekend could be ugly.
Stop by and grab Happy Hour :)
Crows are an underutilized resource in academia, IMHO.
First tornados. Now snow. Strange weekend.
What I tell you in the dark, speak in the daylight; what is whispered in your ear, proclaim from the roofs. -Matthew 10:27
lol shoot man I'm just doin me...doin what I do best... lol
What's up at Y101?
thanks for being at the One more week to go for the summer season.
Thank you! Party was great, but the clowns just ended up hugging each other all night. Love connection. Are u feeling better?
moving to a new city may not necessarily help...I'll just feel better
did you get the 4s? love mine, but still haven't started using siri.
At ANSP: Eric found wire recordings in Pilsbry papers: Paul Callomon to broadcast @ Phila Shell Show: Pilsbry: Guest Speaker ... from grave
Egad!!!! We thought of it first!
I can tolerate a lot of things, but I really can't tolerate idiots.
I wish I could help. Where did you hear it?
Watching Whitney Glee..don't judge me!
I haven't done shit with my mom today. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
what were the pants you guys were wearing for the chicago meet and greet 2nd day?
and eternally blinking avatars in my hootsuite never end!
Thank you for the RT BadgerLink! We hope our partners can use these ideas and share others that they have come up with!
Of course my headphones break the instant I upgrade my account. Long train ride ahead!
Just set my alarm for 6:15 AM to watch Facebook trade! Fun!
Aberdeen data: 57% of business execs don't understand the benefits of BI. 1/3 of co's @ #BAsummit2011 have a resource that bridges IT & Biz
You just wanna take a faster ride, lower lows and higher highs.
Why did I turn so pale this winter?
A poor cardinal has built its nest above my window. Every day he flies into it trying to get in... I don't think he'll woo anybody this yr.
Congrats to all who graduated this passed weekend. We wish you well to your next adventure. Who's graduating this week?
lots and lots of guys in college cant score 10ppg
Susana Medoza I look forward to hearing your resignation speech next week
drumline highlight of halftime show
we will do that soon!
foursquare stalker
Couldn't catch the Knicks tonight... but the Pacers had 1 starter in double figures but 4 bench players, in a 15-point loss? Crazy week.
Does anyone have any screen shots of Austin's sex hair? loooooool. (x
whyy u don't believe me :(( #soul mate
I don't know how I feel about the bible being referred to as a best-selling book. Reading some weird #watchtower lit.
Most nights I have vegan hot cocoa right before bed. Like right now.
Hang'n with veteran actor/teacher Wayne Ward. Looking forward to some good scene work today!
Oh I had the best time with you too! And lucky for you my turkey neck didn't take you out. ;)
Yum - that sounds good!
Just saw a shit covered metro card on the floor of the subway, and now I want to vomit.
According to John Grunsfeld, research satellites orbiting earth have revolutionized our understanding of weather and climate.
Lovely day for trip to Birmingham for book buying and helping son to build pre A-level photo portfolio.
enjoyed brilliant people at the opb steering committee lunch today!
Are you more in love with Carlos or Demi?! c; Hehehe , love you.<3
I discovered the one person in the world who is more neurotic than me. My mom. Talking on a cell phone in a movie theater.
I wonder if we're actually going tomorrow :o
Turkoglu nails a big three and Magic only down 2 with 2:56 to go in first half.
music keeps me awake
that was great. Lol miss ya girl!
.... When you gonna be back on the field man how's the injury comin along???
This Lady Taking Fukkin Forever Just To Blow-dry Somebody Hair ! Geesh It's Not That Much Hurry Tf Up !
Im not sure but its available in CA has them often
latinas next to me worried about anglo boyfriends.
:O RT : I'll show y'all abusive
you are so real you are hyper-real - congrats
Here's to the Arianators who aren't follower hungry and are actually here for Ari. -Raises glass-
Great #miami night for #billboardbash at I admit I wanna meet
Meant night
And For The Smyrna And Lavergne Wana Be Thugs Girls and Boys....
Who downloaded for Android today?
Up next - the Chen awards for outstanding Master's Final Projects.
Thanks for the lead. Added them.
Sometimes editors need editors... Thanks,
Finally getting back in the studio next week with makin some new This Boy That Girl tracks
#WhyDoPeopleThink of college students 1st, corporate 2nd, & seniors last for filling volunteer needs? Who has the most time & experience?
"Too much caviar will make you sick." Rose Tarlow, Elle Decor, May 2012 My thoughts exactly!!
brewing up the next project...
That Was Hysterical
I'm sure there has to be some grass (moss) in there somewhere. A polar bear can't live on fish alone. God. I'm so hungry.
LOL bitch STFU you're annoying.
I want to hump your skinny legs
Hmm dinner suggestions anyone?
do you play college golf?
Taking note as patience is the virtue I seek daily RT “: "Adapt the pace of nature: her secret is patience." Ralph Waldo Emerson”
It was interestingly amazing that I was straight, and again would share with students my inroads
tanks should be here in about 2 weeks or so.
I love The Library song by Dancing to it right now!
U have a great weekend too future girlfriend! XOXO
Where r the caps i used to know???RT: Senators score a power play goal at 3:37 of the of the 2nd period. #Caps trail 3-0.
Ready for a fantastic weekend! Had a great time at 40 under Forty with . I'm thinking #QBar this weekend...
It's #cincodemayo and I don't have a margarita yet!
You will all love the Ménage merchandise we PERSONALLY designed for this tour!
"I wasn't that drunk." ..."Dude, you destroyed my mom's garden while yelling, "Fuck Farmville!"
Lmao! If that's what you call em, sure!
cant wait to be able to have the place picked up enough to have you and Jaynie over to show you, you guys would be so proud
Who wants to bring us some donuts? Anyone? Anyone? ...Bueller?
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the s
Well its finally Friday! Hope everyone has a safe and fun weekend!
Tremont is awesome. Detroit Shoreway has been good to me, but I would like to call Tremont my next home.
The music industry has finally caught on that Christopher Tin's "Baba Yetu," composed for a 2005 video game, is worthy of a Grammy nom.
25 days!!! Check out how we go from park to raceway out on Belle Isle!! You won't believe the transformation!
"We <U+2665> our Workplace” video contest submission The Two Steves is Shufflin'
Lmao glad I could make you proud. *gives you a "just graduated" hug*
At neko case concert. She's playing a harry nelson cover. Sounds really good.
Aaaaawwwwh Zoe and Bowie are perfect names. I was hoping u hadn't named them Killer and Godzilla. lol :P
I got like three Phillis from there theyre so good
My thanks, thoughts, and prayers are with all our veterans and their families on this great American holiday.
Tim Horton's coffee is freakin awesome!!! I was hungover big time but now am back to normal :)
RT“: I'm puttin' it out there; Newt & only Newt can bring the house down cause he knows what he's talkin about. That simple.”
where you homie
You were missed! <3
thanks! There's more where that came from....
I just need 1 follower until 70! Can you guys help me out?
i got the moves like jagger ;)
yes. I'll be in the city tonight.
It's super, super awesome. :D
Sometimes I can b a fucked up person
starting the week with welcoming our newest followers , , , , &
Happy #WW to our friends , , , , , and ! Great time last nite!
Sixers are running the Celtics out of their own gym.
I'll go sleep 2,30 am in LA I'll go to bed G'night or Good Bye better? Hahaha... See you later :)
Time for work again..
RT : I don't enjoy pleading (although I love cajoling) so please vote YES on the SAG/AFTRA merger.
Damn! Down to 57% power and still have 7 hrs to go! Conserve! Conserve! No more updates! So hard! Ah! Conflicted.
Wish I could have come! I bet you're jumping around like a mad woman in your apt. right now. lol
thank you for following us
lol was this Cameron? There's a little girl...so I assume...
At the Tribes game!
If you could be 10pounds richer or even get a pauls boutiques bag some of you girls are willing to PHUCK a herpes infected horse
So do the radio stations really only have like 10 tracks? We have seriously heard the same songs beaten to death.
wow...he did grow up...
107.9 is killin it with the throwbacks right now !!!
Can they also take away last nights 9th inning?
Georgi gets us free soups and salads with her charm at fultons crab house.
Lame! We'll miss you.
So just for the record for the slow people...the picture hint is Brooklyn. Join the fun
Hey I just bought you and this is crazy but heres my ice cream so melt it maybe?
Here we go!!!! Who will be racing for Portland Mayor??? KPDX 8pm starts right now!!!
On the way home and enduldging in headphones to listen to music d^~^b
i'm selling out to capitalism by working at a bank though
Joel Anthony... Best player in the world
#GoingRed with Red beans and quinoa!
No! RT : lol! You are ridiculous! I'm giving up Starbucks for the New Year. lets see how long that lasts
I Love A Girl That Can #Hoop :) .
A in philosophy!!!
Some people just need a hug... with my hands, around their neck.
"Music is the universal language of mankind" (Henry Wadsworth Longfellow)
Welcome! RT : #SmallBizChat This is my first time joining the chat too. Good to be here.
RT The size of the problem is never the issue -- what matters is the size of you!
Am I the on sports fan on who could care less about the draft? There are two game 7's in the tonight.
Today is a great day. just found out that i'm going to 's concert in canfield, OH YEEEESSSSS!!!!! It's amazing!!!
Everything is coming together for THATCamp Texas 2012! It's going to be a great unconference!
Good Morning to all my followers have a great day!!! Let's go!!!
You should make an app add-on that cost a dollar that doest do anything but a donation to your hard work. U might make upto $12.00
I wanna watch breaking dawn
Here .. Happy to see my hubby .. But still in shock that I'm actually in Alaska again.. Haha ;-)
Movies at the best friends house
Or, more precisely, she's a hypocrite who uses prayer to say f'you.
Most respondents on latest poll say they have not experienced any significant security or privacy issues related to social media
Some bad names we came across this week: 1) ooVoo - video chat software
Act your age
The Miami Heat ruined basketball that's why they must lose.
Sure sweetie there you go I followed:)
Mount Vernon residents did a great job transitioning to One Plus One trash collection!
RT "Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier." - Mother Teresa
y'all like yo meats
Costs, shrinking demand squeezing exporters - China Daily
what price points?
Finally got my car back! Woot woot
Mane my stomach trying 2 hurt
Uhm, that's unattractive. Please stop.
": Aye pablo ima hitchur phone u got the same number?"nah I change it erry month lol check ya dm
Thanks to everyone for the #FF and the support i couldnt get anywhere without my friends!
I think it's wisdom. Too many people have been inadvertently "killed" via Twitter in an effort to break news.
Tebow is the FUTURE (prototype) of the NFL, not the 'past' as everyone made fun. RGIII owes TT a LOT of money!
Mantis is an amazing 3Dscanner! RT Coming to in Minn? will be showing the brand new amazing Mantis Vision "F5"
Hope everyone on the East Coast stays safe this weekend.
That's what the author of the article "Where my Girls At" was saying! I agree, although I would say the '80s too
sup girll come drink!!!
"Gingers don't grow on trees," says my secret ginger boyfriend who just fell out of a tree.
we're twins .. && all I need to know is you're racist !
are you bringing a video camera? Where are you headed?
#FF to the ever-helpful Joanna is always a source of good advice.
But, people don't even know these discrepancies exist sometimes.
I think its a great idea and I would take part in it. We need more support with all local businesses IMO.
Correction: Pascrell still on GOP side, just in from aisle. Let out loud yell against return to crisis-causing policies
so What are we doing?
"I'm Todd Manning, you son of a bitch."
And now Noah's off the court again. But still. Dwight's a baby, even if he does have sexy shoulders.
oh sorry ^_^
Great Twitter party :) thank you for spreading awareness!
is thinking about her houston peeps and places ...
Wow! You are ahead of me RT : 4 kids are nestled into bed, I laid out tomorrow's school clothes and now I'm making lunches.....
when are we going to learn you cannot just drive to the basket with no regard to where defenders are located
I seen RuPaul ova the weekend!! lolol
yeah I was supposed to wake up earlier but my neighbors were outside making noise ALL NIGHT.
Don't you leave my little life.
It's the first time & I talk and he's already confusing me lmao
Sauce from Famous Dave's on my Father's Day shirt.
I NEED EVERY DJ IN YOUR CITY TO HAVE THIS "GETTIN EM" SINGLE, CAN YOU GUYS HELP ME OUT BY TWEETING THEM OR TEXTING THEM?
Yay!!! Baby Julius is here!! I'm so excited-i love when my friends have babies!!!
#dhtrial jury won't take a lunch break. Someything going down now...
Leaving office for gym.~~Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.~~Author Unkown
are here, in massachusetts, playing a show and i have no idea where or when it is. i may cry.
No problem!! All I ask is that you pay it forward by spreading the word. A is life changing :).
Now seeing patients in Santa Monica! Tuesday and Friday afternoons from 1 to 7 PM I'm located at: 2901 Wilshire Blvd, Suite 233 Santa Moni…
You mean "tweeting" with the stars!
All roads lead to Miramar, tomorrow! Vintage Reggae WinterFest
My mom was telling me all the things she does for her seminary class. She's so embarrassing and adorable and hilarious xD
": Homerun! Gomes! Go Reds!" --> The Reds are looking good so far. I'm going to the Cardinals game tonight. Brrrrr!
Attending Friends of Family Farmers InFARMation event about chickens tonight!
we will miss you in Packerland man! Nothing but the best to your future!
lol what its funny ha!
Matt Kemp with the solo hr!
If you like music follow us!
Ron Piper surfaces. Anyone know that name? Publisher of Psychedelic Illuminations magazine? Anyone?
so what do you want people to think about your Sambas and pocket square?
so true!! Thank you twitter!!
I am SO #ReadyForJonas2012 :))) OH YEAH
Oh no! Why's that? Can we help with anything?
After I left... Can't find anything I LOVE lately. Doesn't stop me from continuing to try :-)
thanks for following! ;)
Trying to read about Apple's keynote but is DOWN!
I am, but TE very weak crop. With the 1.5 PPR, I'd go get him
im so late lol yayeeee to tomorrow!! lol I got to see you tomorrow!!!! :) can we bake brownies?
Pretty certain I legit gave myself a Sleeper Suplex. Beyond overjoyed right now. Hooray !
Andruw Jones really just got a base-hit
#HurricaneIrene First Outer band move over the eastern coast. Expect rain.
Get in The Mixx!
wow 2 days in a row I was completely unable to make it to the gym after work because I was stricken by a sleepiness only to wake up too late
Sorry to have missed you. I did not have or purchase tickets so no, I did not attend.
"It Ain't Gonna Be No War On Wax We Comin To Ya Show PatnA .. See If You Can Handle Them Truck Buck SWSuperman
Bout tweet my wedding to my fiancee #SoHeKnowItsReal lol
Three secrets to a successful SEO strategy are: 1. knowing what to do internally 2. knowing what to outsource 3. knowing who to outsource to
it's nice to see all the random high school kids amongst the fancy names.
Hi & Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to a visit soon. Cheers!
GM lady bug! Off to work you go?
Finally holding in my hand 5 presale tickets for our gig a week from today. We are excited! Tweet me if you want one, you get a free CD!!!
o ok thts wuz well she go hard in the paint
It doesn't start with exercise. It doesn't start with diet. It starts with the knowledge and belief that you will become who you really are.
I had them a lot too...especially the cutie oranges. You're lucky to be hitting summer fruit soon too!
Good morning and TGIF!
How much did you spend for PPC (Pay Per Click) last year?
Next week, omg :( IMA CRY MY EYES OUT.
just think in less than a year you'll be able to take the T to No. Station transfer and step off
Me too and I love that it will be in #FortWayne . Let me know if you want to get involved and I'll send you that info also
May 14 Open Line: Killing babies good, killing murderers and rapists bad. I mean this is bizzarro world right? Wake me up. "Obama's t...
I'm sure the Klingon Cpt in Star Trek I whose ass Kirk kicks, is the professor from Back to the Future.. Would make sense
Mention me! my mentions are totally dead!
I'm not that big of an asshole.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
WTH IS WRONG WITH YOUR FRIENDS?
I'm done with this fucking shit.
“: You wouldn't care so much about what other people think if you realized how seldom they do - Eleanor Roosevelt"
True. RT : I need a drink
Driving behind someone going the school zone speed limit
That being said, Washington area sports are getting pretty interesting/fun to watch.
Sheeeit nigguh im moving and hbu ": what r u up to? smile."
drunk driving <<<<<
I'm so excited, do more live chats like that. :)
I hate this bipolar weather right now. Mother nature, y u on your period?
pennants will be available after the bowl annoucement tomorrow night!
But, but...the Red Wings play SO clean...
It's funny how fast your mood changes
Excited about Meck GOP debate. Mak sure to ask me about the Marriage Amendment.
thanks for the depressing suggestions. ;p
the really amazing thing? Lincecum ended up outpitching Greinke in this one, hard to believe after the 1st 2 innings, but true
My whole body is begging me to sleep. Guess I should listen.
Kind of want sum breakfast..really not in the mood tho
#onlyif you knew how much i really miss you..
true, babies are way over rated
did u get urrrrr roman reloaded?
I reject your reality and substitute my own. - Adam, Mythbusters
Hanging out under the flashing lights tonight!!! \(^.^)/
thank you for being so awesome :-) just didn't want you too forget <U+E11B>
Where'd you get it?
The sweetest note from a dear friend has me on a high. Good compliments are great energy for my soul.
I'm not saying the tornado watch is God's reaction to what happened at the Capitol today. I'm not saying it's not, either...(g)
Thanks to all of you for your help!
Just getting my twitter account set up
I just want somebody to love.
A person who publishes a book appears willfully in public with his pants down. Edna St. Vincent Millay, 1892-1950
Thanks for the follow! Semper Fi from one proud Marine Wife :D
Today I will play the main event of the Norwegian Championship. Table 31, seat 2. No more bubbles, please! We start in an hour or so...
Oh good! Happy to hear that (although I will break the news to Johnny C. gently)...
Right on! RT I saw ur tweet abt Guinness for breakfast, Im now going to hit a PT's on the way home.
yeah LA!
so is it your new single?
the need for the union has been outdated for decades. #Reaganomics only mobsters & those on the inside benefit
lol. Can you imagine someone reading a horoscope in prison and it tells you that you are meet the person of your dreams???
will someone please tell me why my food is not here yet?
we can span all genres of design as well. edgy, cartoony, modern, sleek, corporate... you name it. just let us know! =)
< Fellas this RECORD is SOLID!!!! #DOPE!!!!! My Nig.
Sick of being lonely
Who is going to be voted out of Celebrity Apprentice this time? This is like the only thing I watch on Sunday night - season almost done.
Only 2 more days to take advantage of the Mother's Day Special!
a discount store called lomans :) they have expensive stuff for less - I haven't seen it anywhere else & I took the tag off
Shaq told Kenny to kiss Chuck like he kissed Dick...I'm gonna assume that is a person named Dick....
next time we will take the pudding, sauce, hotdogs, and you, me, and tiffy will go chill in dc!
R.I.P Eriks Xbox 360. Its been a good run. 10/25/2011 The day my xbox red ringed.
My dog is apparently barking at crickets. I don't even know.
That awkward moment when your sarcasm is so advanced people actually think you are stupid.
:D I HUGGED THE OFFICIAL BIOS SHIRT!! :3
RT : A lot of buzz is floating around the music industry about will let you know more when we find out.
Great trick!
thanks for letting me borrow your wife tonight. Missed her!
Shhh~no one tell...I ran away heheheheheheheeee!!! Only u all + a few others know;) giggle giggle;)) (I'm coming home, 1 day, maybe~jkjk);p
Remember everyone, you can post anything Lyons related here. And share this fanpage with all your friends and family.
RT : We understand power is out, we are working on the cause and solution. We do not have a restoration time yet.
appreciate the love my nigga!
stop tweeting and start working
RT So it turns out that the American who disrupted the most terror plots was Jenna Jameson. Congressional Medal of Honor?
#first40songsonshuffle 40. Not Afraid - Eminem :D
How was your weekend?
I cried my eye out reading news about someone used a golden retriever as a speed bump. What a jerk.
I see
Emma looks Wonderful, but I feel like I've seen tht style dress on other Actresses before. *Nicole shrugs*
yeah. It sucks! Good luck.
I love my family but i hate when they argue with each other
I know I know, just messin'.
I got Dicks on my bumps.
Secret Stall Tuesdays now offers free Sonic T-Shirts as the prize at Sonic #Baltimore !
EVERY pres at #IB7 was tops. Logistics #fail though. Need better communication about no food and that drinks weren't allowed in auditorium.
I can't take dykes anymore. Officially on mute. Not listening to his stupidity the rest of the year. Done. Terrible technicals. Both were.
Hey college girl. Always surprised to see attractive women following me. I'm curious how you found me. Care to share?
Off to Lizzie Bright and the Buckminster Boy with people I have not seen in a while. I'm bringing presents! (Hint: books)
RT : We have a new ongoing Peruvian art exhibit at Cafe Cuzco in Ballard, WA. Check it out! www.cafecuzco.com
Checking in at Air France and I already smell someone's Chanel No. 5!
Bitch some more.
Sunny and 32. Time for a long bike ride.
It's snowing!! Come by & the all exclusive tomorrow night for some drinks! Mention #MVP DM us for tables
all good!
Good morning Miami... Brunch is served. Time for mimosas! ;-}
There are so many iLMM Seddie videos on YouTube-- I can't wait to see them when they actually air the episode! haha
I took a sip, from my devils cup
I'd rather live in a church and devote myself to God.
Miami for a cookbook shoot!
Will someone wake me up when this semester is over? Kbye.
I have to think the Giants own the advantage in this OT because of Manning, but SF is really playing strong defense.
#askjennette do you ever get time to watch fanmade youtube videos people make of/for you? (:
Just wondering who manages your online media and marketing services?
I'm honored to be named "Best Brewers Shirts" in the October ("Best Of") issue of Milwaukee Magazine. Pick up the issue to read why.
That wasn't Johnny Dep you saw at #Grammys that was #thecivilwars well-deserved win guys
I'm tonight & you should be too!
that's what I love about GitHub. It's decentralized, but easily searchable AND lets you fork your own copy.
Those Late Night phone calls with the Person you Like (; >
That would be the #Truth I just bestowed upon you.
My dress came today!!! Cannot wait to try it on!! Thank You Jesus! :-)
what did you get? i always get double steak chicken and beef with double of everything on it, and then with chips and a drink
Wide eyed.
Oh... I'd buy a lottery ticket if I were you!! (I get a kick when things happen in 3s.)
About to take my first spin class!
It's always something with the #Eagles..losing Peters is a HUGE hit.
Why is it so hard to find an old fashion do it yourself carwash in
Remember when we could post links on the internet and others could just click those links to visit the pages?
I just realized I spent the last 3 hours jumping around my poolhouse playing air guitar to "Every Rose Has It's Thorns." Alone.
Who was a fan of Donna Summer? R.I.P. Donna!
especially of the female persuasion !
RT What's the difference between confidence and ego? Confidence is knowing I can do it. Ego is wanting YOU to know I can do it..
Pistachios are so f'in addictive!
Judge don't act like Jeanenne ASSUME
Greenwood/Center Grove area. We love it. Lots of trees & hills, reminds me of Tennessee :)
My mom just brought her play off tickets! really mom the #superfan lol!
RT : Some #FF love to They're magically...
ATTN: fanatics and #Belly backers alike: Chick-fil-A is nearing their 10,000th check in meaning someone is about to win swag!
#BOYFRIENDReview i think boys will serenade us soon with it .haha
Justin Timberlake is getting married!!! ... I am happy 4 him but 4 some reason I feel like crying...
OMG we are about to leave!!
I don't think they make those...
Whoa! Say what? It was there like a week or so ago. Wonder what happened?
Nanakusa is my favorite sushi restaurant. Saki Tumi is also really good.
Double D'd up bitch
You're right about Rondo. As much as I love Tubby, Rajon was an AWFUL fit in his system. He needs freedom, had none at UK.
SOUL SURFER WAS SUCHH A GOOD MOVIE!!! loved it<333
Coming up at 8:15a for 's "A Few Words With…" is none other than Leonard Bernstein. It's nice to cruise into work w/ Lenny.
If u submitted a track on Blazetrak, for please let know that the review has audio&visual due to past issues. Thanks!
This is a great show so far. Nicely done. I can feel the intensity of that moment!
california two weeks get ready
feel free to bring some across the hall
Thanks for the birthday wishes! I hope you're feeling much better now! :)
stop being amazing k
That concludes futurist David Houle's presentation at All City. Stunning!
hey do u have a tumblr?
Punk'd!
Hype as balls for #theraven ..dorkshit
I smoked pot with johnny Hopkins. It was johnny Hopkins and sloan kettering.
LMFAO! Oh, you know, just asking life's questions! :)
And, thanks for sharing with us on Tuesday- I'm just getting started on my own writing path, can't wait to see where it goes!
RT @ Sittercity Hi Ashley, who is in charge of social media marketing at Sitter City?
: Woo!:D yea it is no big sell out show but its going to be a fun one with our friends..."our roots" haaha! Cant wait girl!
Pailla: We could all use more information, using a set of assumptions - inflation. A lot of things we don't know 100% about. Bipartisan cmte
follow me and to keep up with cuz from CT--hes making moves n needs the support of the Bx---
Dont i look like that fish from spongebob?
RT I'm eating
95 on my math test :)
structure fire. Birch hill and lyndale. Lots of public safety officers in the area. I hope everyone is ok.
I want to watch The Lucky One but then I'll fall in love with Zac Efron & then I'll be depressed the rest of life since I can't marry him.
Hey remember last year when everyone was falling over themselves about Zach Randolph?
Too much fun last night hanging out w/ at Tower Bar in LA. In town for #THOR premiere monday, game comes out 5/3.
has the most News Mentions, Search Trends & YouTube Views. Tomorrow can show how important social media is for elections.
At my first film of the festival and I can't remember name of film to save my life - Marsha Marsha Marsha?
Love my hair so much<333
do it
If your on 1 im on 2
- we love to see hard working startups get great opportunities. Congratulations!
AWSUM RT : “: My pilot got picked up ! VEGAS RISING Dennis Quaid Carrie Anne Moss & me
-glad your mom finally figured out how to focus my camera.
NCL Caribbean Freestyle Dash Sale today thru Friday only. Get up to $250 shipboard credit & 50% reduced deposit! Let's Go! 800-803-7245
thank u :)
Seeing my grandparents never fails to just put me in a good mood #love #numberonefans <U+2764>
just did the beach body instanity fit test its not a damn joke smh
HES TALKIN SHIT! IM THE REAL DEAL! you read that in Niall's voice didn't you? :P
cheers, bud! go pack!
Sometimes the chance encounters in the hall are the best part of the conference. :)
yes george I remember. I go hide in the brush like ya told me george. Ketchup!
just wanted to say I'm excited to see the billboards/posters of all over LA! I feel like I know her through you.
I hate getting messages from you. It’s like you know the perfect shit to say, fucks up my whole day.
still like whoa she knew that song B4 I showed it to her wow Your welcome) that's the 2nd time I've made your day the last time
the on on twitter with forrest
indeed! just noticed that I am going to be in your Glendale AMG :)
Damn, sorry to hear that, hopefully you can get some answers, back problems suck!!!
bahahaha!!!! I figured as much but i couldn't resist. ;P so funny. And SO gross
I appreciate the rocks and the gifts that you copped me baby
She is smarter than that. She should run at the top of the ticket.
Friends are like boobs. Some are big, some are small. Some are real & some are fake. ¯\_(<U+30C4>)_/¯
I believe music trends in five-year increments. I think you could make a solid argument for 90-95 for a number of genres
OMG IS SO CUTE IN RACE TO WITCH MOUNTAIN.
totally will do but I sure hope I can get a follow one day, now that would be the coolest :)
Painted over graffiti today at 5855 - goo be gone!
Great Friday night at Karma ,
Totally agree!
my my my, how times have changed.
Brewvies in Salt Lake City!! :0)
Shot my video EPK today for my new record and videos for three songs with Total pros made it so easy.Can't wait for the cuts.
Be there tomorrow night! Looking forward to catching up
Finna peel out like snake skin
Bills upbeat in reporting for voluntary workouts
love it!!!
Teacher: Can anyone give me the name of a liquid that won't freeze ?Pupil: Hot water !
Blessed Wednesday! Up, so very thankful & looking forward to a new day w a big smile <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> Please be kind out there!! <U+270C>
K so I was at Starbucks pearlridge and there was this lady in her 40s, lookin at me up and down. like, do you have a problem lady?
feels like home there doesn't it?
I Liked you!
#PAD love that profit margins are being showed next to sack sizes. Great line up. Phil laak is super entertaining!
Who is your favorite musician to listen to in the winter?
Thanks for spreading the word about YDE In Concert at the Greenberg!
cool. looking forward to checking it out.
I wanna see the Newsies on broadway so bad.
What's most amazing is that Grenell's disgusting history of misogyny wasn't enough for to overlook his sexual orientation.
Writing an article for Fox News Latino, which career-related tips do you want to read about this week??
#WRESTLEMANIA28 Finally the rock has come home
Me too Me too! Anything combining Watch the Throne and kitties, I fully endorse.
...I know...all black, it attracts the sun!
Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail
i love the
I've never been more embarrassed to be a knicks fan.
#FollowMeAlexConstancio i still have hope that one day you will FOLLOW ME<3
Personally, I'm rooting for Ian Poulter's super awesome pants.
right , i already put it on dvd
“: When are ya coming to West Michigan?! Preferably Muskegon!” Not sure? Hopefully soon=)
i thought you knew. we talked about it a while ago. i'm aiming for a 2:15, but finishing is more important.
Can you watch #AmericanIdol while you tweet? Awesome performances by Jessica, Joshua, and Phillip tonight.
Our National Pageant is June 13-17 in Orlando, Florida!!
get down on some zombies!?
Sizwe how tings in Miami bro?
its sunday
Taco Casserole Recipe Need an easy, homestyle dinner the kids will love? This taco casserole is the perfect choice. Made with Read Full P
Now that's the problem.....our Lord and Savior blessed us with these wonderful memories that cannot be erased! THANK U JESUS!
If anything gone do a track with 2 chainz not future like really future out of all people
How come there isn't an app that will let me replace Keith and Brent's keyboards with Tom Constanten's?
i just watched SNL again bcuz i fell asleep last night during the show...
Air bubbles in my screen protector make me CA-RAZY!!!
“: Loving the app!! Listening to my brother at work this morning.”
The 2 Young Studs Party is underway, and the rowdiness is at all time high levels. Hilarious!
Thank u!
lol glad you are comfortable blasting me on Twitter, thank you very much
“: Me: "dude I'm not tripping...1000 ppl follow me" : "It's 973...shut the f*ck up." #owned” dont try to church it up
Awesome idea! Thanks, Katy!
Marlee's running for sweetheart, not you
That awkward moment when you finally take a decent picture and then as you continue to stare it gets uglier .
Dumping your girlfriend via hangman.
Hashtag for Saturday's Accessibility Camp DC is #a11ydc. Look for info about streaming two rooms talks later tonight or in morning.
Discipline your children while there is hope. Otherwise you will ruin their lives. (Proverbs 19:18 NLT)
I wish I had magical powers.
Lmao TF!!! Her child gonna be be green AF
I usually like being alone but recently I haven't been able to stand it.
Woodman's commercials piss me off.
You watched the video? I couldn't contain myself lol
LMAO!!! Peace dude!
and he has a gun to your head forcing you to follow him and read these reports, correct?
Quick run. Sunshine felt great. I just finished a 2.02 mi run with a pace of 9'06"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
what the Econ? I'm not about to do it hahaha
RIP Whitney Houston: You will truely be missed
weather dude: "thunderboomer" is a STUPID MADE UP WORD and I hate that you used it.
It took till 4 in the morning but I moved back in and got rid of all my junk.
Not "chain of command" - "chain of evidence" My son had me on the run all day and my brain is fried.
how's coachella going?
Today was gross!>:/
The truth is, we are not afraid of being in love. We are only afraid of not being loved in return.
1 US Swine flu death today...115 car accident deaths today...come on media!
hi so?
I thought alcohol was a requirement at these events...
It's always the funny boys that make you fall in love.
We love and can't wait to hear ! We would love to hear "Honestly!"
the ones who claim they don't want commitment , be the first ones to catch feelings .
You only live once so take excellence personally.
Ready for the drinks to start pouring at #devlearn! My hand feels empty!
There we go. Awesome. Thanks a ton.
I am never opposed to reviewing self published books, but for heaven's sake don't use comic sans as your cover font! Yes, I *will judge you.
This morning, in a room full of children watching TV, my boy was playing with the trains.
Follow us on our new twitter
Next week ill be in Miami! Can't wait! We bout to go in! No bags I'm goin shopping when the plane land.
get it inside! Come on Bucky!
This project was made possible with funding from the Open Society Foundations, which we're also grateful for.
still smoking bud?! cuz that doesn't have an H and come on, we all know that isn't a drug!
Happy Thanksgiving! I'm so thankful for my family, friends and the massive amounts of food I was able to prepare and consume. Gooble indeed!
Am I the only one who tries to make Spring come faster by breaking out the next season's wardrobe a little early?
Very interested! Thank you for your support. We can be reached 24hrs at admin at lovecrunch dot com! Hope to hear from you!
haha...sounds like a helluva guy.
A happy life consists not in the absence, but in the mastery of hardships. Helen Keller (via )
Thank God for NHL game center. Great app. 3-1 Rangers. While watching the royals game
#ImTheTypeOfPerson who won't trust you unless you prove yourself trustworthy.
So the #Patriots made a whopping 60 tickets available to the public today!?!? #Bo I will post a working ticket link in a minute...
you don't kno me or my parents
It's that moment where a fart becomes more than a fart...
Had a sweet ISD draft game last night that hinged on a turn 3 chump block. Magic is really tough.
OMG AUSTIN, I SCREAMED WHEN LONDON WAS ON THERE. I WILL TRAVEL DOWN FROM SCOTLAND IF IT WINS
Thrilled! Builder Radio webinar today; Followup Strategy, Tools Bob Musa, Jack Fugiel. Lots of interest, questions!
If I die tomorrow I will freak out because I'm scared of dying ):
What kind of energy are you sending out into the world? ...you'll know based on what you are receiving in kind - give good to get good!
I just finished a 1.45 mi run with a pace of 13'45"/mi and a time of 20:01 with Nike+ GPS.
im so turbo-charged with happiness right now. getting ready to head up to syracuse for graduation. so proud of her!
Im am so bored and tired. :( i hate school
tomorrow ... last thursday as a freshman .!
"Girls only! We're the jingle bells not the jingle balls!"-Mrs. McCluskey
if lady gaga and michael jackson had kids their kids would turn out out with a very unique style and amazing singers;) lol
RT I can watch #adultswim all day
me to :( & we were soo wild!! It was fun tho haha
Gettin ready for work
Listening to until I fall asleep <3
I was using the railing on the hospital bed (here at home) to do squats today. Def need to work on flexibility too, I've found.
appreciate it. :)
Emphatic nay!
I mean who else haha
Can you go on tour like tomorrow I'm in need of a Bieber concert!
Finished hosting TEDWomen webinars for their sponsors and other TEDx organizers across the globe. What a spectacular event this one will...
damn lol my bad havnt been on here for 2 days but ima call u later today
Front row at CATS! Thought we were 4th row. This is awesome. Happy birthday Kenzie! (@ Broadway at Clowes Memorial Hall)
Ok History Department, Laser Tag Friday Nov. 18th. We need 2 build a dynasty like Seal Team 6 and beat the Anthrop department. R U with me?
Next visit: Grady & Big Joe Show on Listen for us at 11:30 am. You ready, ?
If you ever fantasized of working for Vogue, following will help relieve you of any bitterness of that dream deferred.
...meaning going to the gym, having dinner with John, reading my books, and working on my monologues!!!
It's overly simplistic to say that talking alone will heal #PTSD and #trauma. But there are some wounds that won't heal unless addressed.
Seth Godin sums it up best- Getting things done fast: Don't demand authority. Eagerly take responsibility. Relentlessly give credit.
With out a doubt, the best Star-Spangled Banner singer I know is
Louie Mullers is in Taylor, I think it may be a little better than J's but probably just splitting hairs
no I needed visa to let me sign up on Instagram luckily I found my old one in my wallet and got Instagram
DVRed this week's episode, just watching now. OMG!!!
aw love youse more !so do i cant wait till next weekend :*
Have you bought anyone music lately?
I'm I'm the A but I love Nc born an raise aside from the high school years I did in staten island ny! 252 to 919 to 718 to 704 an now 678
About to go in hard on this home work
We are having an Open House today till 7:30 please come join us!
it's hilarious
The new spoon record is so god
Wanna be a vendor @ our #AAIP festival Aug 11&12 in Point State Park? Non-Afr items ok. Direct Mail us if interested. Thanks!
cant sleep:(
I'm what you need.
Live. Laugh. Prosper <U+270C>
hey guys Sexy Pablois back () !!
#VZWXTAB why not give me the Tablet ...LOL
After the Reds 2-0 W last night the #Rockies are the only #mlb team without a 1-0 or 2-0 W under their belt.
Stonebriar parking lot is packed... -__-
Totally going for a bike ride.
Submit to me via email and I can pass it along. :)
RT Rob Thomas is sound cking at #Maui Four Seasons...luv our sunbathing soundtrack! He is awesome!
Javascript continues to be crazy. Compelling new frameworks keep popping up to solve & create new problems. Can't we all just be friends?
is Jackson quad reason to worry? If so, do I grab Cadillac or Norwood?
Less than an hour left! Hurry & tweet us "I wanna get fancy!" to win a free tee! Winner announced @ 5:30pm! What are you waiting for? Tweet!
I need to sober up first... But I'm down.
Officially hooked on e!'s
davaid sedaris last night was or course hilarious, and surprisingly crass! oh and he really likes the word 'chilling'
crazy like cee lo
“Maybe some women aren’t meant to be tamed. Maybe they need to run free until they find someone just as wild to run with.”
So this Union and RedBulls MLS game is going to provide as much excitement and competition as the #ManCity game I watched earlier, RIGHT?
As the time for finals to end nears, the limit of my desire to study approaches zero
Probably not, although we're a college library so...more research and academics.
All of my LA folks hit me up. I'm going to be at NAMN for the nexts couple days.
A card with a "booger" in it from my husband. It was glue made to look like it. Horrible! Swagname: useurdifference
I have so many good people and moments that make me smile! Life is good
reading about the Christian Right's plan to "fix" gays and prevent kids from becoming gay #thisiscomedy!
Makes sense. But I don't like it! ;)
What did you waste the most time doing this weekend? Do you regret it now?
What would happen if Brittany Griner and Anthony Davis had a baby?
One more flight.
My hair is so poofy today.
#ninjas with
If a guy treats you like a princess, then he definitely wants to be your prince. <U+2665>
#Anyonewhosgoingtomakeanimpact12 has my vote
Dreamt I was viciously attacked by a hummingbird last night. Don't be fooled, folks. They're tiny but relentless.
Arshavin has to go, he clearly can't be arsed for god sake !
All you can eat?! $13?! I'm sold. Thanks for the reply :D
Wow you have perfect life,phone,car,clothes and body,yet you still complain.
Mega house: could I borrow your city a few days?
That's pretty awesome.
Homer only given up one run through 7
oh my bad, I was gettin cuz we were dr... No, I was drankin a mess last night..
<thanks for the retweet!
"sometimes you have to be the waiter at your own restaurant before you can get where you really want to be" -J.Talbot
im cool thnks :D yh bbe! you missed me?! :)
How big.
If you believe firmly in what you are selling, it will be much easier to be confident presenting your biz/ideas.
RIP Levon Helm - I guess this was finally the night where they drove old dixie down. You will be very missed.
glad u joined RT : Wrapping up amazing Obama conference call with
Happy friday
We are playing at Skullys tonight at 11pm. Come out!
Be in the now.
Patrick is tonight's winner.
I saw that, Chica!
why I'm in the office
I've got cold feet, anyone?
I'm in English class, just finished writing an Impromptu Essay and I'm dying.
“: The first film I remember making a really big impression on me was The Deer Hunter. What was yours?”#GONE WITH THE WIND
it's a deep house sort of day.
It'sa beautiful day in NYC but for some reason I'm wound up tighter than a reality star before a sobriety check.
Just did a first read through of the twelve proposals. We have some hard decisions to make.
B ridin the Big Green Limosine = bus !
Finished a song today:)
An Officer and a Gentlemen was the #1 movie this day in 1982. That was filmed in Port Townsend, WA. Love that place!
What hemp products do you use or know exist? What might be the viable hemp industries for Missouri?
well that lets u know it's round
So bored now I cant go out
throw something at her !
oh fun!
sorry to read about the unfortunate day! Give our song "Carnival" a listen on our Facebook & maybe it'll bring you up a bit!
"The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed." - Richard Brinsley Sheridan
something funny?
lol......homeboy was a compulsive LIAR
#ForgottenArtists The Family
If we can do this, we ll release our teaser :) RT : let's get back to 1000 followers! RT
um just wanted to say hi lol HAPPY SUNDAY
I have no idea, but she heard it on 106.7 with directions to be at Orleans & Claiborne by 11:00 on MG Day, but haven't heard more.
If you don't want a sarcastic answer, dont ask a stupid question.
its been good, busy, but busy is always good!
I love a grown ass man who can handle a grown ass lady
Leave it to the professionals.
I agree the larger picture looks less invasive than the closer item they had at first.
Heading to the post office. Want some Deserters stickers? DM us your address!
We are getting a lot of compliments for our bread today.... The secret..? The weather is making our dough yummy!!! Try it!!!OPEN TILL 12 am
#resume #tips Where is the best place to put your Education? Near the top if you are a recent grad. On the bottom if you did years ago...
Although we have yet to fine tune it to our liking. After that's done comes our marketing plan! - Lots of boring paperwork to say the least!
love the spunk!! :)
If UL had another threat from the outside...
Q6: Don't do much planning except my freshdirect order every other week. These tips are great
saw a class w/ "reward" chart today. Teacher described it as"behavior management" tool. Kids had no idea what it was for.
I hate it when you're watching a funny show then BAM!! sad animal cruelty commercial.
the happily ever after ending would have 0 value. All the talk about sacrifice throughout the story told it all.
Eating apples before the gym, god I feel healthy haha
The lack of electricity makes summer georgetown feel even more like summer camp
bdubbbbs this weekend?
thank you Julie :( hugs
Hey there, how is the weekend looking for you?
Fan replaced in the NAS. Backing up MBA now. Didn’t know I could gather 6.52GB of anything in a couple of weeks...
thanks for the blog post. I love hearing from those using our apps. Thank you!
Stanford has completely feel apart!! Wow
I still eat ramen noodles because you can throw any leftover food into the pot and it becomes rockstar cuisine.
This sums me up! The most effective way to do it, is to do it. — Amelia Earhart
Lucy? Can't wait to meet her.
I've used Prezi as still "slides," but I don't have to worry about software compatibility when I travel.
Ohio State really misses Jon Diebler's 3 point shooting.
Keep in mind that the more intensely you train, the more time your body needs to recover. Take one day off each week.
Follow me? Please?!(:
not gonna lie, I'm jealous of people who live near the beach
When your partner is just as freaky as you >
It seems fair to be on Twitter during a workshop on governance of social media, right?
Ready for some good stuff to chew on from tonight!
Yes, we have alot of those for some reason, I used to live on Mexico, so it isnt the same for me though :)
Oh...I'm so sorry. We used to be in constant fear of that when I worked at Gymboree.
Getting things in line for this summer
On our way to The French Quarter Fest. Food, Music, and good times<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
I fucked ya chick til she passed out! hit the bank & then #CahsedOut! I'm done.. you can have her back now! I'm on my way to the next house!
Riding Chicago's L with rowdy youth, but you gotta love the public transportation options here in windy city
report him for spam and get him off twitter, I just have
Thank you so much for the mention. You rock! :)
tough call. Bruce Almighty or Driving Miss Daisy. Toss up. u?
You should've seen me trying to be stealthy. Officer spotted me and said, "Just don't get the license # ma'am."
Another great stay at the Westin Columbus. My home-away-from-home when I'm here for work. (cc: )
Why would we want be in their stupid conference now anyway? It's stupid.
Good morning (:
I wish you knew how scared I am to see you fall in love with someone else.
#Google+ is eating my time
#suddendeath or #suddenvictory all in the eye of the beholder
Any art consultants out there? I want to get my paintings into corporations, hospitals, hotels...
NY MAHOMIES TAKE ALOT OF PICTURES.
shout out Chris Rene you rock all ways suport you forever :)
nice! Congrats :). Awesome bumping into you.
Challenge the convention how?
Happy Mother's day to all of my Mom friends out there! Especially to
I totally agree. The episodes aren't as many as one would like, but not one of them disappoints...: )
Nothing is touching #dreamchasers 2 right now.
When I work for FOX News one day what will you say?
These DJ's are still finding the best of current hip hop/RAP.
thank you!~ hahah
DC Firefighters Union stepping into Twitter
have fun and be safe
Who's getting the new IPAD
Kyle and Jr 1 and 2 with 3 to go
must've been my evil twin. woulda been nice to see ya.
Case Keemun is getting the shaft from the nfl
Good morning tweepz! It's Friday,its Friday in my voice. :)
Aw, thank you! RT When it comes to San Diego I think of and
you are butt
u fina injoyed your self
Super excited to have coming to in April.
Newt... Pls shut up and go away!
im overboard , im overboard !
A parent group did it for us at a former school.
lol u cant make me mad dis morning bitch cuz I got that dick and I'm feeling good
fingers crossed for a flasher free walk home.
i love when my dad gives me his credit card to the the mall. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
As a result of this anointing and this glory our lives shall never again be the same
tomorrow a big party #YEE got to look fresh
for a while....
6pm at the storage space!
I am sitting in a cafe during a poetry slam. Every time I hear the applause, I imagine they are lauding my readings of Pierce.
Happ Mother's Day to your mom,She gave the world the best gift,you! I love u Janet!!
Tuesday August 16 :19am commented on my post !
aw I wanna see it!!!
aw, poor guys already have to rely on public transportation!
that doesn't count traitor.
Thanks! This is great! :)
if only I could tell you what I REALLY think..
this is so weird,I don't understand whats going on.omg
It always seems impossible until its done. - Nelson Mandela
A must. You know we teach a pet cpr class right? It's awesome I've taken it. Cute stuffed dog mannikins etc.
Oh, the irony.
And tonight returns! Making strawberry milkshakes to celebrate, of course. Will probably have Twizzlers, too.
love ur big boob roc show the boobs tomorrwo
so now im a joke smfh lbs
Bust. No deer this am. Try again tonight
congrats on the fundraising! You should wear the Superman cape, not me.
Sentencing for Henrietta Teen who tried to kill a classmate in Wegmans last January set for 2pm
I am a loner this weekend.
; baby needs to wake her ass up, im bored AF.
Bed and breakfasts in North Walsham, Holt and Hindringham among 25 national finalists in AA Friendliest B&B award
more like a ninja turtle lol
Sorry but I'm not Adele. I don't wish "nothing but the best" for you. DIE BITCH.
Yeah!! I agree! That would be so epic! :D That way you would get a workout plus kill some heartless! :P
Hope your wife is doing well. I made a mistake last week. I'm sorry, I thought your streak ended with the Reds.
hey kim peach here yea twitter is playing games now CB dont follow me no more im sad :(
My 2cnts: rather than hub and spoke think in terms of cultivation.
Just arrived in Richmond to present at VALL. The University of Richmond School of Law looks great!
: Actress to play biracial mom (30's) for stage reading (lead role) on Apr. 19 or 24. Email
Congrats! Love my job. It doesn't feel like work. Finally graduating college in May. Good luck with the wedding plans!
At student forum listening to the MIU Advisory Committee's recommendations to improve undergraduate advising on campus.
I will look into it. Thanks 4 the heads up
will I see you at this holiday party tonight??
RT : Ooh là là! RT : From the Fashion Desk, on the 6 most stylish teams at Tour of California...
Giving yourself rewards after doing short, consistent writing sessions can help prevent burnout. (Just thought I'd remind you...)
PetroBakken Announces First Quarter Funds Flow from Operations of $185 Million
she is!
thanks again for the Google+ invite, I spent a bit of time exploring it last night and I love it already.
Out and about with my Loves. <3
I guess it happends its like waving at someone on da street n they don't see you Lol
For those of you just joining us, grab a free download of our album at www.blasesplee.com and enjoy
Love me some March Madness!
did you go?
CHIMERA BABY
remind me on Monday..want this!
That which is called firmness in a king is called obstinacy in a donkey.
You expect me to get perfect grades, work out, clean up, deal with the stress of my life... And keep my self together?
when i was little i pulled for the supersonics since theircolor scheme was dope&everbody slurps LA so im pulling for okc or philly 2 win it
Been poking around your Poptweets for several minutes now and have yet to find any Brown Sugar Cinnamon. Very disappointing.
hey, thanks for following us !
music videos in the morning to kick off the day
Big shout out to Kunis Brothers Mortuary. Last night was da embalm!!
"Research libraries might consider reimagining which researchers make up their intended audiences." Native researchers!
LYBW EVENT TONIGHT: listen to Gail Dines speak about "Sex(ism), Identity, and Intimacy in a Pornographic Culture" at 7:30pm in McGuinn 121!!
Why on earth are my favorite shows, Chopped (Food Network) & Shark Tank? What's the recurring theme here, lol?
agree on all counts. I would kill for one of the VGs. Maybe we could reunite Dwight & SVG here! Oh...
You can't just walk in a room and shoot everyone.
Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal. - E. Joseph Cossman
damn you got it in early haha
Will you be joining us for tonight's movie on the Mall?
Slicin' an dicin' - reviewing 7 hours of video footage from ónatSXSWi Oh the memories...
watchin my dude ravin get a sick tat made me wanna get tatted again
you read right. Getting divorced. Cant take the shit anymore with her and she cant stand me, lol.
Finalizing faculty summer program syllabus and writing article on future of PRS for next ECIT newsletter. Picked a bad time to cut DCoke!
Congrats to Russell Wilson on being drafted by Seattle. Class guy in every way.
KLUSOZ WILL BE ON & POPPIN ONCE AGAIN TONIGHT!!! MAD DRINKS SPECIALS & I'M READY TO GET IT CRACKALACKIN' ON THE WHEELS OF STEEL!!! C.I.T.I.
Tehachapi man who died in collision on Highway 46 remembered as tireless volunteer - Tehachapi News
There is no such thing as an underpinning moral institution. #KirkCameron Institutions are corruptible, and therefore morally suspect.
#Baltimore local and volunteer at #ISM2012. Twt me 4 transit help, local food/attractions etc! I want u to love #charmcity as much as I do!
Pretty much.
Waitlisted Not too bad, there's still hope for my dream school!
me too, girlfriend. me too.
Easter: because society is happier having a holiday for candy and bunnies than for Jesus. yes completely rational of you....
What good
Well, at least the atmosphere is a bit better.
CONGRATULATIONS!!! So proud of you!!
pretty solid evidence that the two party system has some serious limitations.
Hundreds of thousands of negative comments didn't work, but a 200 point drop in your stock value did. The Netflix Effect
The team benches are on the west side of the building, in front of sections 121-122 & 102-103
Oc housewives are getting those fish lips
Nice meeting you as well, Content was a blast, you definitely had one of the dopest rooms.
Hey I was Mr. April.
No way...": I am secretly envious of your life."
So much for a productive Monday afternoon...whoops.
thanks for being an awesome big sis to Chase!
One million memories, 10 thousand inside jokes, 100 shared secrets, one reason: best friends.
if you not 18 or older real talk
Mr. wolbers car just got towed
What is the most creative place that you have found to hide Easter Eggs this year? Feel free to post a photo of what you think is the...
how r u sexc
well maybe I can get him to follow me on there at least!! Lol. Any chance of a shout to him from u? I'll s/o u too!!
Marra wins the dunk contest!
awh, the HBIC misses having class with you too! Lol. Hopefully somewhere in our fucked up 4x4 schedule next year I'll have you (:
She's such a little sprite that many of her clothes (and she has quite a wardrobe) are way too big.
I refuse to acknowledge the validity of the term "expert."
#iUseToThink that people could actually tell the truth (sike)
Fear tries to get us to give up, but faith takes us all the way through to victory! via (RT )
Hey world! How many of you are going to be coming to our show at on Saturday?
you've been rocking it like crazy dude. good stuff!
When your sibling is jealous of your moves. >:)
not cool
Thanks to fans in #Chile, #Venezuela, #Israel, #Slovenia, #Austria!! cc
NY Bitch!
Every time I eat King's Hawaiian sweet rolls I have to convince myself not to dedicate my life to the aquisition of said delicious rolls.
i don't smoke a burn after sex i pop a bottle and saddle up for round two lol
When your cold, and you just want to roll up in a ball.
i hate people -_-.
Baseball just began. He can change his mind!
S/O to everyone who Daddy don't fuck wit em lmao
Life is too short to worry about what others say or think about you. So have fun and give them something to talk about.RT my tweets guys.:)
Congrats to acting #wvgov Earl Ray Tomblin on winning the dem nomination in the special primary election in WV
Let's go ...Beat the #Fakers, uh, I mean the
Never ever stop belibing! Beib on forever. RT is now a beliber
Awkward moment when you start telling a blonde joke to a blonde
Thanks for sharing! Which #PreserveNYC site gets your vote?
me too! Mine is probably way cooler! LoL
Tammy makes my day !!!!
You too! I'm playing golf with friends from college, so should be fun!
You had some MAJOR Disco/Pop going on last night!
Haha!! DEFINITELY a school house drama moment! Thanks for sharing!
Just traded my 11 inch MacBook air for a 15 inch MacBook Pro + cash. That was ter come up & dude bought me a brand new battery with it
Question for ya: do you have a list of the smaller pubs under the Big Six? They are part of the boycott, yes?
that would have happened no matter what!
volunteering on co time can be great prof development, but needs to be an agreement between supervisor and employee.
great record!
Hi, It's Autism Awareness Mo. & U help autistic kids w/ your G-Free bks. Pls. read my book, "How to Talk to an Autistic Kid."
true, too retro and not modeleske. lol
Left over pizza>>>>>
God, these boys play beautiful football.
Paul played a Beatles song he had never performed live: “The Night Before,” with its skiffle bounce and barbershop harmonies
Might also be helpful to cast someone without an accent, who doesn't sound like they are in extreme pain whilst speaking.
tonight to catch our very own play alongside , who's ready to f****** party?! ;)
Favorite Song Lines--- So we just skirt the hallway sides A phantom and a fly Follow the lines and wonder why There's no connection
Sheboygan Falls Falcons?
is in the top 20 on iTunes, great job !
why is it so hot in here
burn! I need to ration it throughout the morning otherwise i'm dead by lunch time!
Just #36DAYS left. I'm so excited for this album. Its been 2 years since Justin last put out an actual album. Believe is going to be great.
I was being overly-contentious; sorry. It should have been directed at the article you were citing.
perfect. See you then.
Nothing else greater than making someone Smile :-)
you guys ROCK!!! What a cool feeling knowing we got boots on the ground! Thank you for all you do! ;-)
Nap time
I preached that text today! LOL
RT : Re reports on Pro Bowl, we have been in discussions w/the NFLPA about Pro Bowl's future. No decision has been made.»»
they switched hotels. we're hoping we're outside the right one(:
thanks Jeff. Its gonna be a full house. Getting ready....
Awesome! There was a bit of an adjustment period but now i love it! Needed a mat for my feet, too, which helped.
Salsa Wednesdays tonight!!! Library Bar&Grill, 3rd&Central! #ABQ #NM!!
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 3.) Kids over the age of two, so basicly once they can talk they annoy me!
#20ThingsAboutMe i dont smoke or drink
5:45...WOW...Santa came early & I am still SO sleepy b/c Lane woke up @ 2:00 :(...MERRY CHRISTMAS :)
I wanna go to warped tour so bad.
sold my of my vinyl, but still have Bongos, Bass & Bob () and a Springsteen bootleg.
right!?!? I don't understand...he always tells us he can't!!!!
ha crazy!
#StPete #FL #glass industry & #artglass exhibits check it out
- you're welcome! This line gave us goosebumps: "The end of traditional TV will arrive as 2012 becomes the year of web video." =)
I don't care what anyone thinks, I'm going to organize my iTunes library by date. Haters gonna hate.
duh... i would hate myself to EVER miss my god sisters Bday
Today's BTU inspiration: "The mystery of life is not a problem to be solved but a reality to be experienced. ~Art Van Der Leeuw
got it, thanks.
"Heart of American Conservationism" Really ? The heart? There is one? Get real.
Treat your girl right, or another guy will...or maybe another girl.
lol I would never destroy this book my dear, I'm probably going to order my own copy <333
Tomorrow is another #free Thursdays at the Blanton!
hey! Sorry!!! Stop by next Saturday :)
good luck with that! ;)
Helplessly/helpless
the joy of small town life cuz there ain't much to do lol
have you heard 'when a woman loves' makes me shed tears of gold.
's music video for her new single #Singit premieres soon. I can't lie but I am excited. She has come a long way and has come
so. damn. exhausted.
I cannot believe it's taken me this long to see Drop Squad, LOL
11:11 my wish is for you to follow me <3333
Its December.. why isnt it cold already -.-
“: We have about 5 tables left for this evening. Call 8165693663 to reserve. Tomorrow evening has more availability”
Indeed he does. Bennett got the lead quote in the story though.
A hilarious b*tch!
I'm looking forward to it Ladies, talk to ya Saturday. Everyone Listen in to DrSuzy's radio Show this Sat night 11pst
apple pie and bridesmaids
Survived Black Swan but not my detox headache...
Not in contention Picked UNC then point guard got hurt and poof. Tonight UK will walk on KU. Double digit win hate to say.
holler whenever cause you always gotta friend in me & nothing lasts forever least we got these memories .
Digital privacy at a new level with - Love that even the social media sites can't see my data
love that.
have only listened to 1 of the 8 I downloaded, but loving every minute so far ;) you???
Who's coming to the B12 Shot clinic tonight at 6pm?
Just made a margarita (seemed appropriate) and no damn limes.
Id rather not see avengers again but if the opportunity presents itself, I probably wont decline.
you would goo? :D
Listening to some old skool!
Shout out from Portland, OR! Thanks for the follow! I will have to PackABag&Go to Dayton!
I don't think so. That wasn't my point.
Wake up Hollywood! Everyone seems out of it at the Oscars.
God cares about you, and He is always available to provide the help and strength you need<3
tiki you got a stalker bro
we're jus givin u a fair warning
Misnomer...Raiders fans don't contribute to the economy. See: SB XXXVII
just make sure you hydrate the night before and in the morning. i did chicago in 07 when it was 90 degrees. that was fun!
so happy for all your success Angela!!!!!!!
So who is coming to our super-special free acoustic show with our buds Mont Lyons at Panchiko Parlor tonight?
To be in the spotlight with a song that everybody knows is a spiritual thing
good for you glen coco.
did you have a lunch date? fag.
Thanks for sharing. BTW, I've been spreading the gospel of doing more #greatwork to libraries here in the state of Georgia.
shake shake shake shake it! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086>
sweet! thanks for coming by :)
Who did Al Harrington kiss on the sidelines just now??
tell when you're home you are my only hope!
I saw! It was awesome to see you in ther brotha!!
I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up - they have no holidays.
Jeremiah 29:4-11; God's direction for difficult situations and His promise for a future in spite of what appears to be.
Just saw some sweet tits in Starbucks
Listening to passionate, poignant speeches at #Trayvon #bomorrison rally, after speaking on #castledoctrine repeal
so excited to be on your real-life friends list! :-)
Youngest son ran 5k w/ me only 'cause it was affiliated w/ Super Bowl. Football obsessed Other than that, they just say Bye Mom
3 fouls on Jones now go after Delladadova.
In those final days before pushing publish on a newly completed finding aid. Lots to do...
go as a a grapevine and get a bunch of purple balloons an a black leatard or go as DJAM zombie...not funny
Bronson asked of drinking habits. Says it varied. "My husband & I didn't go to bars...I was always in my house. I didn't drink & drive."
Stay on target...stay on target...
One more exam!
One big room, full of bad bitches.
Lately, I keep encountering the assumption that debates in the academy have no effect upon the world outside of it.
Boston in 6 and Heat on 7
you rock, sister.
sweet bro, can I take them off with my teeth
Happy Birthday Homie
Dog seems to have a sore tooth does dog ever get sore teeth? They use them so much.
Back in the USA.
Last chance to win $250 credit. Tweet the scariest place you've been and include #SilentHouse to enter
on transfer language...gives gov ability to move "back office" funds around without legislative approval...
Walk off time!
23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #11: Apricot Pale Ale - refreshing
Community Outreach good ideas. Stay focused and close to core mission
Two shows today at the Art Institute of Las Vegas! Thank you everyone, it was a lot of fun :-)
Yeah walker gave us a heads up last week
#Str8LykeDes... Why play me?
Jeff is there a deal with Mpls City? Call our WCCO Radio newsroom.
It's way too late to be getting to bed. Have to be up at 6am to train...not gonne be a fun morning.
Order sent to Emily in BC Canada!
I've slept almost all day, now I shall be up all night even though I don't work.
#wordplay-o-d-day: CONCOURSE: prison education.
Ya know...there's someone that shits on Detroit every time they out here...2 damn bad I'm in business I'm in or I'd respond to their tweet
Good Morning!
not sure why it didn't go through last night...time for a new phone!
Scott Gunn from Forward Day by Day reports they're working on an iPhone app!
Pulled my groin again, I'm useless this weekend! Damn you pilates. -Kelly
No problem.
Sometimes you have to be alone to realize what's real and what's fantasy
Jonathan Wilson is opening up for Tom Petty in Europe, but TONIGHT you can see him at the lovely GAMH! Magic Trick & Tortured Genies open.
a strong case for #termlimits ? Why should elected officials get a defined benefit instead of a defined contribution plan?
,any time
Julia J. von Briesen Back in the Studio this week. Look out world! Always a good time with music that rocks!
i know my dude going to war over them #concords...and no doubt he's going to wearing to work tomorrow
feeling cramped in your master bedroom, Time to add on to it or to take another room and expand your space. Give yourself a sitting area.
Woke up to the beegees playing in my head... Wtf was I dreaming about?
We've been working really hard to get it ready, and are happy to say the new Tiffany exhibit opens this Sun, May 8th! Hope 2 see you there!
Thanks for the bump, Penni
aw Love you dude!!!!
it's #nationalcerealday!!! in 1897 Dr. John Kellogg served corn flakes 2 his patients at his hospital- weren't sold commercially til 1906!
give me a shout out now. I did yours.
For real? RT It costs 33% more to get a doll's hair did at American Girl than for a man to get his hair cut at Great Clips.
aw ! I'm sorry to hear that
More #SNCA12 fun! talking about copyright and digitization of the Eugene Payne Collection of editorial drawings.
Apologies don't fix broken hearts.
what is your fantasy
Today was my day off! I've been running around town doing stuff all day! Finally home, about to make veggie stew. (:
I'm always hurting him . . . If I had known before I would have gone :(
Great to hear Norv will be back in SD next yr! Great coach & has the respect of his players. Now who you going to ask to replace me, Bmore?
It's going to be Legend... Wait for it... Dary!
you gonna watch? We are!
I miss Teddy Long.
Help our management company Sage Hospitality, turn Denver's Union Station into a living landmark, choose the hotel...
you know, just soaking up the sun. It's just 74 outside. Why did I ever think I didn't want to live here?!
Seeing subliminal tweets on my timeline makes me laugh.
I'm going to in box you my number in Facebook
CA has the 2nd lowest % of adults with a HS diploma, 2nd highest foreclosure rate & is tied for the 2nd highest unemployment rate in the US.
Wow. Prince Fielder leaving Milwaukee to play in Detroit, against the #Indians. That's a double wammy for me.
Oh hahah im sorry but thank u so much!!! this means A LOT to me!!! u dont have to tho if u dont want!
New iPhone 4s for xmas and it's pretty rocking. I hope everyone had a great holiday and has a great new year.
especially with what shes wearing today. Wow
not true. they can be socialized at any time. dogs need special care. i am a lay expert in this with street dogs.
Day made. I miss all you boys.
if he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?!
You gotta know when to hold 'em, know when to fold 'em. -Guy playing poker, giving advice
So true, price point and lack of apps.
caught you in bad romance
i hate saying goodbye..
Really don't feel like working today... 80F in Seattle. Yay
i might be addicted to strawberry laffy taffy.
hahaha yayy!! BEST fitness motto ever!!!
let me see that pic
Another day of adventurous writing has come to an end. Now I go forth into this world to seek entertainment. A Shakespeare funny. Lol Later!
oh:) okay:) when are you coming home next?
Your app would have to be a smaller version of the site, but offer all the info for on-the-go tickets, and show details etc.
Doors are open @ Reliant Center for the 24th Annual Home & Garden Market, Come see the amazing exhibitors. www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
Unbunked 's bed. I feel exposed.
cry cry and cry: (
When the body is repairing itself, each step is limited by the amount of oxygen available, & that's something we can affect with breathing.
I'm likely outlier, Like others, I do #socmed for my org, but my #1 focus=helping gov't orgs; tho I don't sell/charge anything
Love that Bon Iver is trending the day after the Grammy's.
NOW LISTENING: Wonderwall - Oasis #middleschoolmemories :-P
Banning bake sales will NOT help! We need to teach kids how to make the right choices in school AND at home. Parents take control
im not lol
It's not summer until your playlist contains Best Coast and Wavves.
hahaha. shush guys. I am okay with too through fucking too. haha (;
Watching some crazy Japanese movies on netflix. #ThoseCrazyAsians!
Ugh lady at the Lizard is passing out at the bar and of course, there are no cabs in Brunstucky.
I'm done undergraduate school forever. I say that's pretty exciting.
*Food hits floor* Little germs: GET IT!!! King Germ: NO! We must wait 5 seconds!
I would be up for that.
Listening to Hall Martin and Shari Wynne about raising funding
be quiet bum
you like it?:D
I only have two major regrets in my life: 1. I've never been at the center of a celebrity sex scandal. 2. Those chili fries I ate last night
make-up, weave, fake nails, eye lashes, booty pop, wonder bras... DECEPTION
Facebook always keeps the user experience TOM when implementing redesigns so these are growing pains. Everyone—get over it.
lol I never really like josh.. i thought he was a bad actor lol
It sucks that we suck.
thank you :)
No problem! Hope you get to meet him:D
RT : #FF - Contests and great sign ideas for rallies everywhere! || thanks! keep em coming!
"The courage to ask the unanswerable questions... the courage to listen." That's what good educators, good institutions must do.
Will tell jokes for a followback.
Hope to see you at the child care and after-school rally today at 3:30 in City Hall Park!
You got it! Speak the truth and those who listen, get it...
Hubie was very helpful, he picked out the perfect frame and matting ;) , can't wait to pick up our piece next week!
you and Joel should go!
Hope you kill it the rest of the day, cuz...
Lol at Louis mustache at the end xD priceless. :3
yeah and the models are totally broken. Record with DVR, perfectly legal. Download content you COULD have DVRed, illegal. Ok.
I'm not implying that the GOP does everything right but really the bail outs, sylindra like all ex of failed Dems policy's
Pitino won 2 titles a UK a long time ago. He has been at UL for over 10 years now and has done nothing. TIme passing him by!
I know I am just devouring them. It's even more awesome on the i pad
Plus, you're better off have a somewhat healthy C's next round vs Miami
The cat is out of the bag: renderings reveal the 2013 Jaguar F-Type
I think Union Pig and Chicken has a lunch special Monday - Saturday
Follow-up to my earlier post. Rubber kicked ass. Not at all what I expected.
Dennis Wolf said to tell you hello
"Velvet Pavilions" seeped in cultural innuendos, though spans 3 continents, yet the dimensions within dimension, world of ghosts and witches
baseball game friday vs hurricane??? (: #justlikeoldtimes ??
Breaking: CBS 58 investigating a school bus involved in an accident near Marquette campus at 20th & Highland Ave. News Crew is en route
can't believe I'm going to #Vermont for 4/20! ;-X
Enjoying my morning coffee on this gorgeous Chicago morning. What else beats coffee, sunshine, & Friday!? What makes you smile in the am??
(Hey Sofia How are you? Hope all is well...best)
don't do that shit again fucken scared me
Dropped your T-Pain joint last night pimpstress.
I knoww. Everyone scared :O
..hows it been? Nothing w/o me I suppose lmao.
i don't know if i trust the guacamole from Subway. (cc:)
You must have missed the part about The hockey is just an excuse for chili burgers
This is getting old. Hope your players are staying strong Another weather delay at the :-( .
Great Job Jets...Nothing better than seeing the Patriots lose in the playoffs!
“: Apple need to sort out the #iPhone battery life!! I've taken pisses that last longer than it!” HA!! True
CA Bound. Excited for some warm weather!
Now onto my favorite housewives #rhoa!! Love me some
My apps are under BeatonPath as the publisher. My most popular app is Zombie Apocalypse.
in just over 12 hours, I Jackie Moes, will FINALLY be a sophomore in college. and I'm proud as heck.
I'm their cheerleader. "You never know if you don't apply!"
Thanks for letting people know. There are now 0 seats remaining. 2 left in my Sunday class.
Thanks for the retweet!
“The bitch hit me with a toaster…”
Countless interactions w/ needy ppl drained u w/o ur awareness? Come unto me all ye that labour+r heavy laden..find rest
I can now add 'guy jogging in gas mask' & 'homeless woman using an iPad' to the list of weirdest stuff I've seen this week.
RT : Join us for a discussion on difference between social trust, authority & influence tonight on #GetRealChat 9pm et!
#NCAAFinals know of any good basketball games on tonight?
Try one of our special Mango Drop Martini its cool and refreshing in this Arizona heat.
dvm360 iPad publication: Issue 11 now available In this issue: Learn to perform skin scraping and surface cytology; investigate animal ho
hahahah i love AI's crazy ass
Cheap beard trimmers, suck. It can't even hold a charge, or do an even trim. I should have just spent $70.
We're going to start tracking them using ! Coming shortly!
Attention Chula Vistans! You're invited to the Brew House at Eastlake's American Idol Viewing Party tomorrow, 5/9/12 at 7pm!
just putting that out there :)
me2...it woke me up :P
For GR8 iSound try Pure Digital's i20 digital iPod dock with internal DAC plus digital out. Best value I've found to date!
Other than "take cool pictures" of course.
Got another flyer for an - too bad the are ALL in NYC, except for Legal Tech west and GC panel West. Mix it up.
He taught me it all . I learned from the best .
Thanks for watching!! :D
- loved your interview w/ "without talking points" thanks for not putting up w/ the ridiculous, wherever it comes
Soul Train is important as a cultural time stamp for music,fashion, politics, sports and all things soulful and popular.
Happy Mother's Day too the most amazing mom in the world!! I love you Mom! (:
lol, I got you bro
it can still be done,
Just finished my first rehearsal with an awesome band I may be gigging with here in the Bay! Wooot!
Daily NYC Tip: Cabs are scarce on rainy days, take the train & bring rain gear
Ah. My ear still hurts. :/
ah they said jd prom was live
“: I want a 6 pack lol” beer or abs?
Miranda and Jennette Duet i thought of you ;) lol
Gym Day 2: Back in the Habit.
hi girl time for us to have lunch !'
would you mind sending them to our gmail to share with our members ?
Thank you for following! Nice meeting you!
LOL. RT : Watching the #UFC episode of If it's not funny, I may have to fight him.
Up early in the morning. Getting this fucking money
Thanks for the write up! Greatly appreciated.
RT : Star Tribune confirms, per U of M official, that #Gophers football player Gary Tinsley died Friday morning at Roy Wilkins Hall
17-5 Mississippi State run has tied game at 63-63. Minutemen can't buy a bucket right now. Williams has missed last 3 threes since fall.
$20 & a chance to win 2 tickets & a 1-night hotel stay for the Civil War Game on 11/26! Contact for more info. Please RT!
baby your honestly the cutest.
Not in a relationship don't let Valentine's Day get you down. Do something for yourself that will make you feel good. Be your own beloved.
Thanks for the shout-out! The feeling is mutual. :-)
where you guys goin this time??
Good Evening everyone. Our very special announcement will be posted here and in a press release in the next 24-48 hours. Stay tuned!
Can we make up gym tomorrow instead of fwidayyyy
#reportedforspam RT : I'm listening to the original Canadian hipster, Gordon Lightfoot
'The Night Circus.' Damn fingers.
Just had some saint cupcakes. Damn those little things are good!!!
our boyz saw bieber c:
Bands I'd love to hear on Number1: The Peculiar Pretzelmen www.pretzelmen.com
Sorry I know my German.
Lonely road trip... To grass lake I go!
finally rendering a video, it's a #newgirl video. (:
Donkey Kong and a very different kind of brand confusion - CPA Global
Hi Love, I haven't been on much, so busy here also.I feel bad for not tweeting for ISF but I just don't have time to sit. How r u?
Maybe if I put dis fuckn phone down I'll go 2 sleep...
Almost Derby time.
21 minutes ago I entered the elevator. Just got out 1 minute ago. Geez!
Tf, I Missed The Fight..!
You're right Not sure I'm feeling the new tweetdeck.
Customer Appreciation Day at Woodstocks today Oct 4. 50% off everything Come down; join the party for the best deal ever! 11:00AM-midnight.
Chicago in 2 days. Where should I eat? Any good shows? I want to take my Mom to meet Sharkula.
is to fucking funny!
Let's go
You live in east gate, your not a "gangsta" stop acting like it
Gotta Say Good Night! For Sure!
#4famouswords Roll with the punches
she's ratchet :(
I am doing the absolute best I can to be the person God created and intended for me to be...Jesus rocks to the FULLEST!!! YA Heard???
Come to Olivia's for NYE!
Wasn't Dawn a two-person gig? Hm...
Skipping school tomorrow to go to the cape = not worrying about homework I put off
It Smells Like Candles. c:
1st WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 7...EAGLES/REDSKINS #TAKETHEOVER (37.5)...EAGLES GO UP TOP OFTEN & REDSKINS ARE DESPERATE TO SCORE POINTS
Damn is too good but can't do it all by himself
is that math correct?
rather be healthy than ill. Swag
On May 13, 1861 Union General Benjamin Butler and his troops occupy #Baltimore upon Lincoln's orders.
Cheap wing night + some SEC Hoops on at the house = a good Tuesday night-BH
Hangovers are the best... About to hit the store and get some more beer.
We all goin'a die some day, I wanna go out with a huge bang.
so true
Au contrair. I'm an unrepentant SMJ admirer who was left at the altar by his hero. Literally!!
I'M TIRED OF LOSING MONEY BECAUSE OF EUROPE!
short depending on the overall action in brazil
Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart.
You goin to The Queen Vic tonight. The entertainment is going to be great.
Its on my record fam. "Theme Music" I gotta shoot u a copy of that record mayne, what the email?
How can I hear your music
i'm done venting now
layin low handling some business got a bunch of school Ish
$60 VIP Reserved seats remain for tonight's NAFC "Kickboxing Gladiators" fights inside Milw Harley-Davidson, 11310 W Silver Spring. GA $30.
Study: The act of texting, eating and watching TV with an open textbook nearby.
I swear I hate street <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1> they be so damn tuff<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>dfl smh
Loving every track off Slick Living!! is a force to reckoned with in the Hip Hop industry!! I am proud to support him!1
This dude sounds like a robot.
#True :) RT : #Pisces are NOT nosey... They just like to be aware of a situation and always know what's going on.
Have you tried those dark choc drinks yet?
God blessed the broken road that led me straight to you <3
": CRYING RT : Dyke love is so cute and dysfunctional. Bitches don't know who should open the door for who.""
Messy hair don't care
Any reason why men think you should be mind readers???
#ifollowback Maria Thayer uploaded Pilot Season "Doctors Without Orders"
#didyouknow The California Roll was made in America (LA to be exact) during the 1960s.
ok, why?
cheers for the shout out - much appreciated! Thanks for providing such a great and free service for small indie brands!
Hi Randizzle!!! Not selling much today? You spend a lot of time on Twitter!
Sleep Is The Cousin Of Death
for the way things are nowadays ...yep!
or woman lmao don't know which
Follow Billy on Twitter
np! and thank you! =) will you check out my music?!
Yea I think Hanley is back. Yikes!
this policy brief is slightly killing me.
Today in Literary History: Victor Hugo, author of "Les Misérables" and "The Hunchback of Notre-Dame, was born in France in 1802.
damn home girl clothesline that foo
An #following quote of the day: "Some people dream of success while others wake up and work hard at it!". So true, please RT
isn't that good luck?
Shit my bad im gettin back so late just got off work
haha I bet. I seldom get on anyways so I never know who to talk to
Really is.
French meetup featured on the meetup homepage today!!!
I hear ya. I'm a red wine guy, though. Definitely not anti-wine.
rofl RT : And on the 116th Tweet, I might've gotten in trouble.
#LETSGOYANKEES! LETSGOYANKEES! LETSGOYANKEES! In our park? #Yankee fans stealing dingers? In our park? Makes me so sick! Wake TFU #O's fans!
Great Day to be in #GA ! #feelthelove JB ~
Man..... The Robert Glasper Experiment put it down in Oakland last night!!
RT : "Forward" is #socialism, is #Obama, is destruction of R Constitution\RT : #Forward to Socialism...
How do we get a copy of that Guide?
Just read the finished article. We couldn't be happier about it!
probably. Well, I lived a good life.
nope. Why?
I'm ugly.. I really am. Makeup doesn't do anything for me. Go ahead and lie, say Your pretty. I won't believe you. I want to die.
u damn right lol
Has anyone ever seen Unknown?
Ok...seriously need to get to bed soon....of course, I can sleep till whenever I want tomorrow
:/ babe I am sorry
Let's make that happen (:
OR, he can turn on the camera and record 5-minute video like Lewis Black on The Daily Show!
To help "The 99%" understand contract discussions, should team with on software to teach the language of GREED.
Looking through footage of "The Transcendant", yea!!!!!
I know how you're feeling. I have one leaving the nest this summer.
Happy LEAP Day
Ysudxftgrkhzg! I. Was. Just. In. A. MEETING. About. VidCon.
In the third week of January, companies from Warner Bros. to Microsoft add to latest job cut news.
ooh ooh, i've taken the ferry in seattle. what island did you go to?
But then I freeze & never do it, my tongue gets tied,the words get trapped, I heat the beat of my heart get louder whenever I'm near #1D <3
"Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention."
I want to know what Obama thinks of Pakistan inviting China to view our helicopter! Pakistan is NO ALLY!
I hope baron davis didn't just tear his knee
Take it to the head...
ah this is so sweet
Filming songs all day. What a loner.
RT No off-days for
Employers who ask for employee social media passwords could get sued for invasion of privacy. Yeah!
Tip of the day: Being on time is good.
That is SO exciting!! Can't wait to come & see!!
"I brought a Neil Diamond movie because I knew you haven't seen it." - Connie Poppe on "The Jazz Singer"
Lol.... I'm going round 11.. I can't get to much sleep, cus ill be just as tired. All I need is 4-5 hours and I'm good
I walk in then I turn up
Looking forward to teaching SWI tonight !
yeah, I was just being a smart ass and it seemed like she originally got it, but now. ..
My tummy hurts
- found you through NYT piece re: Baum. Keep fighting!
Any one want to buy me Starbucks in the morning?
and just to clarify.. I was never hating on chipper. Probably the only ATL athlete I respect at all.
& these black guys are sure liking us Latinas lol
4. Cross disciplinary exposure. 5. Journalists need data competency.
It's warehouse Wednesday! Come in and get 4g 1/8ths of any flower grown by Pink House all day! -The Tea Pot Lounge- Denver CO 303.656.9697
I want to work there
#Brewers have never faced Wieland before. That means the #Padres have a 99.9% win probability tonight.
Stenson's early meltdown leads to a traffic jam at the top after #Masters day one. Rory's birdie-birdie finish has him in a great spot.
Well, I'm already sure of what it is.
RT : Seahawks signed R. Gallery to a 3yr $15M deal 7/11 & released him today. NFL contracts should be written on toilet paper
beautiful ladies!!!
Relaxin on a sunday night...
Out of all of our interviews, who were your favorite and least favorite?
Funny, first thing I did when I got an iPhone was search for MSU
Sean payton and everyone else got what they deserved. I'm surprised you weren't involved.
What's amazing is, in that entire list, only 1 is not a sequel. And even that one isn't original.
Dope as usual!
Embrace copycat syndrome! haha RT : Don't forget about A Skylit Drive in 2007!
Coloring with my daughter is frustrating... She keeps drawing over and ruining my damn picture... Bloody amateurish 18 month old... ;-p
24 hour e-mails sent to 28 remaining photogs. 'Habitat' images should be live circa 7pm/8pm GMT on 1st May
... it's always great to bring new energy to a favorite chair. That rich blue will look beautiful.
Came Unglued on hubs tonight. Thankfully we behaved like adults & found a compromise.He is picking up some more responsibilities.
Please pray for my Grandma
Got pulled over in Arizona. Couldn't prove I was from Georgia. They're sending me back to Alabama.
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy Don't lie don't cheat and don't make promises you can't keep.
yeah, just from all of the Tebow and Saints info! Mad crazy texts.
Yep! We're at One Market... ever go to Blue Bottle in the Ferry Building? We should get coffee sometime :D
yes, the instructions say put "0" if age is less than one
Sweet! I'll have to check it out after work
that's what I'm hoping. He has run out before, but I've been able to get him in after a bit of a chase. This time he seemed to>
RT Being yourself is the prettiest thing a person can be.
Sometimes things do not work out between you and someone because they are supposed to work our between you and someone else
I've said it before and I will say it again: god bless you gin and tonic.
#Indianabeer #craftbeer lovers join us on our first weekend for local beers:
everybody needs somebody. http//www.claudinemusic.com
So looking forward to the new issue of this week.
Yes! You are now Official! Great Connecting!
"This is one of the few "real" training programs out there - if you don't believe it, try it. You will not leave disappointed" - Jay-R Strow
Humor, We Hope
Don't forget "Eat more fiber." (Maybe that could be #12.)
“: Always good to know a lil bit of another language.. :)” ur barber must speak Swahili ?
“: Men who can dress and smell good >>>>” Love!
look here if you have something to say about me and my comment's say it or your a pussy!!!
ahh a dabbling of winter wonder, a prelude of what's to come.
Cant Get Enough ,Cant Get Enough
Tonight's double feature: The Cutting Edge and Blades of Glory. Boom.
first aid
Nope I'm in English class lolol
When I'm down and out I get up and write
Dang why?
Nice! Where did you find a pink foam roller?
Third final out of four coming right up. See you in three hours.
When a body is overly acidic, its ability to ward of bacteria and viruses is diminished.
Really feel like needs to do a comic on the suburban phenomenon that is the
Think I might buy some new clothes today, gotta get my fashion sense up lol I'm a nerd when it comes to cloth, gotta call my image girl!
[Thine] face is not worth sunburning.
Thanks for the pep-talk. I needed it.
whatever you don't know what goes behind closed doors! I don't go to deep into these people lives
power rangers never die... neither do
Which team will win Super Bowl XLV?
Wow! Must've been some mixer... :-)
": The amount of caffeine I consume daily can not be healthy." especially today
GET ON FACEBOOK! kthankxbye
I want to believe in the light of a dream place that we go world that we know in light of a dream<3
going home, I caught a virus
7 opp parties in Cameroon said to have signed Yaounde Declaration to protest results of Oct 9 pres elections via
My response to your blog post was going to be "Wow, you must have a nice camera!" but decided it went too far. Haha!
RT : Don't forget! If you on Sat, Nov 26, you eat FREE at Urban Cannibals!
If R Kelly's urine is half as soothing as his voice, then those undisclosed women were blessed.
Thank you!
ohh yea I remember lol..ur a baby lol<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>.. He was really mad tho cause he has braids :/.. No one be rockin braids anymore lol :/
if I knew her better I would've said something but since I only see her at bowling it wasn't worth the fight!
It's fucking idiotic.
I don't like you
I bet Alice Sebold wants to send Peter Jackson to his own "perfect world" for that one.
thanks for spreading the word @ InnoTech. See you in October! Let us know if there is anything we can help with.
This is pretty cool, check out the homies
Follow me back please :)
And thanks to & for the added awesomeness @ our show last night.
haha thanks... Is that Maddie with you? She looks different
Passman seems to believe that we can just will the achievement gap away thru a sheer belief in traditional public education
Love those!
Already!!! I know you up on game ;))
if your hair aaint done DONT come to school! Stay yo ass home!
Open my shop next month Bangkok Thailand :) a lot of ting to sale!!!
Looking forward to tonight!
Ladies and gents, is back on twitter! (Good luck on that final Bb Hands)
The gift of coconut milk and Mcklusky. Dreamboat.
Dad asked if he could get a frappuccino hot.... *facepalm*
Is it wrong to not give 2nd chances?..
KYSSSSSSSSS like ten times you idiot!
Haven't seen my hometown in like 4 months, Fort what it do?
Being sick is awesome. Not bye...
yeah that's mee (;
Fell to $45,630? Wouldn't that put more people in a lower tax bracket meaning they actually get to take home more than before?
lol RT : zero drop = my nose from the ground from face plant wearing those.
You'd be surprised what comes up when you're truly in the moment and performing. Actors learn a lot about themselves.
taking 12 credits next semester........please pray for me!
gonna call it a night,shower then gonna go to bed. i think 11:11 does make some wishes come true<U+2665>
today has been headachy-think i shall tuck myself into a comfy bed.
Hi Fahad, I used to be an intern at ASAL.
It's ironic how US #Catholic Bishops r upset re: contraception coverage when the majority of sexually active congregants use contraception.
#18 is retired in Mile High for Kelly Tripuca. Ole Peyton's gonna have to don his college number
Did you know? It's completely Free to work with a Realtor. You don't pay us, the landlord/property owner does.
frustration ensures that you'll always face it, fear ensures that you'll always have it, But FAITH ensures that you'll always reign over it!
Jacob, thank for following. Have a great weekend.
Welcome to new friends! TY 2
Okay. Officially jealous Dan
Be happier this week: (1) sit down & say hello to someone, (2) have people over this week, and (3) visit with a neighbor.
Catlett's linocut on cover titled My Role Has Been Important in the Struggle to Organize the Unorganized (1946-47) (1)
Happy Mother's Day
They snappin w soca/calypso right now.
RT : Looks like the Lakefront Marathon will break its registration record and fill by tax day. File early to grab one of the last...
- via "Web"? And at work?? Lordy, times are a'changin'...
Sure appreciate tweets folks!! Wish I was there in person!!!
Bored af in the auditorium -.-
Thank you, we appreciate it.
welcome home
We're celebrating a bit early & hunting for eggs with our kids at our annual Easter egg hunt today! Thx 2 all who donated!
Lecturing on the push for the Dec. of Ind. in 1776 and on the Politics of the Young Republic; rather than what are on both syllabi!
I don't know yet
Love #NASATweetup intros by Great energy!
HARD: Getting hurt by the one you care about the MOST. HARDER: Acting like you don't care.
thinking of a master plan
Hm...interesting! if your the amazing tribute artist that I've seen videos of...I think everyone would know about u! XD
.. #hahaha! hey lil cuz .. just shoutin you out! are you still on those keys? :-)
so what's up
i hate when people don`t Get the hint that you don't want to talk to them #annoying!
i love my - the cutest man i know
I love working with women who are looking for answers to the problems they face now in their life. An insightful coach makes a difference.
emotional affairs are worse then a physical one
lol ok no worries I have been hella busy finishing moving. I'm so happy today is the last day. Lol :)
Did Davis just say "this is my shit"?? Lol damn straight!!
I've been breaking down a script all week and my eyes have become crossed. I need a motorcycle ride bad!
EVERYONE FOLLOW ---> << Get his eyes to 400 !
I'm broadcasting live on lowerlevelradio.com, check us out Groove Theory playing the best music on the net. we're on right now.
ok u got it
I utilize twitter 4 advertising our clients services and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it bad.
Black,grey and light tan. I have a falda you can borrow too
Now THAT'S dedication :p
Wish my sorrels had a bit less traction.
So I've never made a vision board before and am kind of interested in crafting one up this weekend...
I wanna dance in the rain.
RT : A friend loves at all times; a brother is born for adversity.Let's thank God for those who bless our lives.They r gold!
is it a message in a bottle or a blessin on full throttle. flipin through these pages like running through the walls of mazes.
You do know that cellulite is one of the main ingredients in corn chowder?
levers time you tweet me my heart beats a little faster
9 more days, '11 Field of Dreams! This year's presenting sponsors : , , & Thx!
been better. Feeling crappy at the moment but other than that it's all good here lol ;)
And in the library. is a good choice all around and you can start kids off with My Weird School
Bout to go take a shower and listen to WTF by sng is to funnie
yes, to San Francisco! Let me know if you're ever in the Bay.
taxes filed, pi day pie made, cleaning done- all in all a productive day off. now... it's porkchop time.
that may be the craziest thing he's ever said.
Problem is, for most Government ethics is optional at best...
Does the instructor know you're here? ;-)
There's a good chance you don't like me. But there's a better chance I don't fuckin' care.
chillen with my bratty baby cousin & reading this book for class -.- lmao. You?
And doing it in Arnie's house. Pretty cool. Anybody got anything else going on Masters Sunday now?
Congrats to Coach #Pop for winning #NBA's "Coach of the Year!" Sensational job this season & doin all his way.
great now she's making me help her :(
Fuck education connection
At graduation rehersal...eeeppp so nervous!
JEALOUS! Merry Christmas to two of my favorite people!!
RT : Thank you for starting a movement that took faith, and courage! May God be with you!
no problem :) I hope so too! :D <3
The old bay wings I had last night were so good. Great wins by the and Great night!
Hey Atlanta! RHY & Old Navy team up for free yoga classes at Centennial Park on Saturday, June 25th! www.getactiveyogatour.com
anything for you babe;)
Does anyone else remember when CBS would have NBA Playoff games on "Tape Delay" at 11:30 pm?
I learned something new. The Bush tax cuts didn't work because of 9/11 according to Newt.
Time for America's family game: network equipment failure! Yaaaaay!
check out spa boom.com you can add them simply to your website!
looking fwd to hearing about your trip! I'm heading there this summer
A real bad boy doesn't combine math and romance.
Laughing is fantastic!
Takes hours to fall asleep, then get woken up by a phone call at 2am, now i cant go back to sleep...
What a great mission! Keep up the great work
Happy Halloween!
follow miranda cosgrove
Never go to bed mad, stay up and fight.
oh sweet!! Ahh yeah they're expensive
Lmfao just realized what shirt says in the Somebody to love music video. Lmfao I am really late on that.
Some people just should not drive...
the KCAS where awesome
your rookie?
Great base running, White Sox.
Final round as a senior @ 9... Feels strange!! Don't know what I'm gonna shoot but I guarantee it'll be interesting! Let's go get it boys!!
How he texted me at 6 this morning , and said , "goodmorning beautiful" <3
I'm in cincy too! How did we not meet up?!
Thought it was a tad early for a GS run...
Congrats dude. Just heard the great news about you guys in touring with this summer - awesome!
Had no idea, what happened?
Look forward to seeing you at Homecoming tonight! Hail to Pitt!
We are only restricted by our own restrictions.
Why is it a "gaffe" if #Romney says he knows NASCAR owners? Dude is RICH! Who doesn't know? Just be your soft-handed robotic self Mitt!
sucks. We just want to leave your service because you charge so much & you "transfer" us till we get "disconnected" Hello
Good Morning (:
Says it on my profile. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Ezek 37:5 "This is what the Sovereign Lord says to these bones: I will make breath enter you, and you will come to life."
and just threw one of the best concerts ive ever been too
complain, it makes me want to say certain things. If I say certain things, I'll lose my job. If I lose my job, can't afford cable.....
RT : Social first really means reader first. #nicar12”
“Experience: that most brutal of teachers. But you learn, my God do you learn.” ~C.S. Lewis
yes it is he a nice person :)
I do too! I love Philip, too, though! ack!
ridiculously late on this reply, but yes Honore does make amazing Kouign Aman! It's actually what they're best known for :)
I'm Happy Now :D .
TOUCHDOWN!!!! Let's Go Saints!
I wasn't aware that we're competing for that title, but yeah, you suck.
The Appraisal: An Apartment High Above 5th Avenue, but Without Frills In elegant Manhattan apartment buildings, servants x2019; rooms onc
May all of our 550+ members, followers, friends, and family have a wonderful Holiday Season! A New Year of inspiration is coming soon!
If pussy came in cans I wonder how many guys would be locked up for stealing??? LM(Blowed)AO
Ill do it for you (: lol
Happy Mother's Day!! Hangin' w/ moms *i'm pretty hungover btw*
You helped me get over my dads cancer, and helped me stay happy. Love you. #MuchLove <3
thank you :)
what are your thoughts on gay marriage?
Happy Turkey Day from the entire AYS Family!!!!! Enjoy and be safe
I love you guys!!
Clearly incompetent agency.
#Aquarius loves the element of surprise! Spontaneity, originality & wild humor goes a long way with them. Be urself cuz they despise posers!
was just at Pike Place market. Its normally a meat market, but right now its full of dudes desperately getting flowers for their honeys
R.I.P. Chris Hitchens.
Casa bonita! RT : I'm loving Denver, ...but still welcome extra ideas
Seattle has 29 snow plows. Denver has 200 light and heavy snow plows. Seattle measures snow by the inch, Denver by the foot.
Happy New Year from the east coast!
I accept that.
I'm totally crying, but your strength is truly an inspiration! :)
I wanna go see a movie tonight
Stop tweeting about me! RT : #headache :(
I have plenty of ideas but not necessarily appropriate. Haha!
Tiger, checkout #Tebow #Linsanity. Y dont u figure out some Christianity in your life & I bet that u & we see some winning results
You know that feeling when you wanna lock yourself in your room?
Looking like that?
Oh cool.
In order to find the percentiles, you have to divide the data sets into equal groups of 100
A girl after me own heart!!!! xx RT Pancakes anywhere!!! Me loves me pancakes!!!
Damn it , my teeth are screwed ! I need a surgery for my nose , and my knee is fucked too ! I need a new body :s any help ?
The cheerleaders on #TheLongestYard >>>
hahah, yeah, you know it.
Just wait. We will do trivia on Twitter, and something a little different on Facebook. Will drop this afternoon.
just sent you an email too. Let me know what's best.
benched tj houshmanzadah and big ben this week
: HR 2366, Rep. Barton's Online Poker Act, reduces the #deficit & increases personal liberty. Please back online #poker in Senate!
Protein shake and oatmeal post workout. Feels good to now sit and rest!
Dream come true. Got high with a black man.
Sister time >>>
I've thought you were great since American Dreams! LOVED that show, but LOVE #Parenthood even more. Great finale!
haha, hey I'm only 38 :) I'm just training my way up to 100 x 100. Ultra running isn't the only form of endurance I chase...
Love it! RT : Enjoying today's Google logo? UK artist has just uploaded up a quick tune using it
Always chase your passions
# if my shy what? lol:p
i am in.
but those signings were indirectly influenced by Paul's presence on the team.
ringringring!! Hello?! Hi Frances!! Thanks so much for the follow!! talk soon!
Where can I watch the 7th season oh HIMYM online ?
We have a problem Where is your throwback Thursday picture? Did you forget or is my iPod being stupid?
well maybe if you STFU you wouldn't be in so much drama all the time.
Some surprise at #ASNE12 that President Obama came and essentially gave a campaign speech.
and should go to a #Braves game this summer?????????
Adding to my playlist, then its time to separate it into subgroups for other playlists. <U+266B> <U+266A> <U+266B>
Old guy at table is gonna hollywood every decision, he also has the meanest stare west of mississippi
Sometimes I get REALLY tired of unpacking and packing. #leavingagaintomorrow :(
Sadly, children who have been abandoned are forced to grow and change in spite of a parents absence.
Awesome game last night !!! Thank you for putting a huge smile on my buddy 's face!!! ;-)
No problem
Wow, just got in a REALLY well-designed postcard for Pride 2009. Very nice looking. Thanks !
if that is what the attendees vote to the top, then it will be what we explore
Happy weekend back!
So I thought I lost my phone. Then I looked in my hand. :/
watchin' this dude lick a cows tongue is definitely a little disturbing!
what did nick say about philly? I can't see. I'm on my phone! ):
Calling Montgomery County
Instead of snow it turned out to be an excellent day to commute in on the Vespa.
Wanted to see , but the nearest theater, , is too pricey & only had 3D. I don't do 3D.
followed(: follow back thanks..
pretty good wbu?
So you cant cop that #MentalWarfare off Itunes??
My ears hurt. Does that mean someone is talking about me?
Congrats Emily! RT : Congrats to for the Online News Association for building community around ed reporting.
“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.” ?? I love this one.
hi friend how are you al
i don't deal with hoes, was taught never to trust scum, & treat my money like pussy it must come......
no doubt its Cousins, but in hindsight, Turner was the right pick
MS in Accounting/#MBA Facebook Chat Tues., January 24th from 1-4. Become part of the conversation, join our group Apply
haha did she wanna have your babies?
I really hate when I don't have enough service for calls. It's 2012. Haven't we come far enough in the technological world to remedy this?!
Everything that the devil stole, Gods giving it back to me!
Keep positive: How are you going to #APPROACH today? Your approach leaves a first but more importantly a lasting impression
Technical difficulties with live streaming of the Commission's public input hearing. Please stand by.
Yo chick she so thirsty
Off to Seattle to give a talk at Museum of Flight tomorrow on "The Right Stuff Revisited." I look forward to seeing everyone.
Self expression, and the arts. Open-mindedness to creativity. Ability to be adaptive teachers.
sounds amazing! I'm going boating sat then chilling.
Muller: Road to OA began with a reconsideration of role and now makes all docs. with a few exceptions available to public.
Merry Christmas #Vegas !
#DescribeYourSexLifeWithAMovieTitle. Paranormal Activity
When you judge people you have no time to love them
I dedicate this song to each and every one of my haters, and not only the ones mention in this song. ANY ...
Had a dream i killed a nigha
lol Idk but he should be fired
FYI Amanda Knox was an exchange student from the US in a foreign counrty were something tragic went wrong. bit.ly/mHAGof
I feel like a modified rising card deck (traditional Bicycle) would be awesome.
Haha. Why did your mom take your phone?
So good, right?!
Bummer, please pass the word on to anyone you think might be interested. Don't work too hard now :)
She probably did!! She's a bad mamma jamma in
/fans-in-abq Have a safe Halloween!
EGR valve and sensor busted BOOM $700
Te amo gud night have to wake up early 2mm love ya :*
I like sleeping in....
Headed to PA with the fam
please no.
RT : What's your level of confidence in the U.S. economy? Why? AP reporter wants to hear from you.
#Brewers need middle relief (badly) and more then just one Lefty. Its good to keep other options open.
i just astonished myself
We will have to agree to disagree and move on!
UMinn identified its user communities and created profiles about their user needs and usage behavior
Stop taking pictures if my butt
I feel bad for Rivera. I'm cheering against his team, but I feel that. #Royals #yankees #yankees v
Cool! I'm from Kansas. Get them ready to go!
ok, i'll schedule tech out. what day and time is best for you?
I HATE LONELINESS.
It's 3:58am and I've been up thinking all this time. Got so much on my mind right now. Tired now. I think I'll escape this madness & sleep.
. It's 2.5x the average person's annual income.
Team No Sleep is us
Me likey. Ray Ray is so cray.
Blossoming Lotus Bar & Lounge Area OPENS This Monday ~ New Drinks, Food, Art & Our LOW PRICE Happy Hour Drink & Taco Menu 3-6 PM Mon-Fri
Are you a closet Mountaineer? LOL
At burlesque at Cardinal bar. Except it's not dancers. It's a monotone memoir reading.
I'm seriously considering dressing lazy the rest of the year.. #idgac anymore.
I just e-mailed a personal "Welcome to our Town" greeting to a new family that moved to our community and encouraged them to get involved.
I know an arm double in that movie so I have to see it and find her haha :)
#QueueBarLounge is where ladies gather b4 going into the club
Going Camping With And Annyssa! Gonna Be Funn:)
eesshh, I'm new to this. I still might have to cave and run back to #teamstefan I feel bad for the guy!!
I need something to just knock me the fuck out. For good
Going to sleep for real this time.
“The only limits in your life are those that you set yourself.” - Celestine Chua
M...sangria... enjoy a Red American Sangria for $4 or a Rosenblum Red Zin for $5 a glass at District Kitchen.
Buying stuff from your store (~$50). If it is convenient I'll be at WASHYARG, and then no one has to pay shippng... No big if not.
I want girl scout cookies in my belly, NOW.
Damn it...should've say with &
The concert was fun.. now going to eat with Boo Boo
thanks roommmmmiiiieeeee miss you!
How much deeper would the ocean be if sponges didn't grow in it?
The one Chipotle in all of Brooklyn has a 50 person line, that good. No its not a new opening or free burrito day.
Mother's love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible. ~Marion C. Garretty
That nigga took the red pill
funny as hell
it's all your fault!
Might as well be a boss.
but my aunt is full cambodian and my cousin is always gettin shit for being a atletic asian... doesnt make sense but people
Did you know the Balloon Museum isn't just about balloons? Our exhibits also include airships, sailplanes & zeppelins
Kalima has come full circle. She moved on to other HIV and sexual health work, then to Transform Baltimore with
if followed me. id just about die.<3
and we live in the same city now.
Will this be the year when <3 dreams <3 come true?
Good goin'. Congrats.“: I will give out the info for the Monday April 9th king of all blacks show this weekend!”
preciate that bro
Stuart Weitzman Fall 2009 trunk show happening now 4/13 (and tomorrow) 10A - 9P at Perimeter mall store.
hahahaha we have so much dignity
I want to volunteer for Hogs this year...how does one go about doing that??
Was that you who I heard typing away during the Presidental Library session? I wondered if it was twitter related or notes, lol.
"Ventrus expects to release Phase 3 data due by May 15th, 2012 from Phase 3 European trial of VEN 307 for anal fissures."
Life is true! Life is solemn!
One of best Xmas cd's is one that the Beach Boys did a few years ago. Still really like "Little St. Nick". Give it a listen..you'll like it!
No one likes a normal person<U+E421>
I say "bitch" a lot.
My cowboys....NO DEFENSE!!!! new cornerbacks please apply
I ain't messin' with ya'll Twitter Ghosts. Real folks only please.
when is it going to be 5?
Doctors at the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Ohio
Twilight movie marathon weekend =D edward makes me smile (even in the books) LOL
What concerts are a must-do for this summer?
Increase, I think, Scott. Go for it!
Mother Of GOD! xD
First impressions are most lasting. <U+7B2C><U+4E00><U+5370><U+8C61><U+304C><U+6700><U+3082><U+9577><U+6301><U+3061><U+3059><U+308B>
I like cuddling wit him :)
man what is up with that tanning lady from NJ.???? f'n weird people....!
Headed to for annual mass comm advisory meeting. Always a productive gathering and great chance to interact with students.
for example (e.g.) what's a bizarre film or two?
what? I was there last week and I saw nobody..,
My brother I get that you're an economic determinist and are applying that in what you perceive to be an understanding of
So does a\my mustache count? as a ???
agreed, all involved need to reanalyze their participation. "Ownership" doesn't trump its history.
Ahh yes. Homegrown = Tough to beat.
Exactly, I can't even concentrate on organic. Come 9 O'clock I'm in big trouble...
lmao!! Jas girl we not about to go there again. We've had this conversation... That gorilla.. Ugh.
Anybody looking to hit the links tomorrow? Let me know!
tried to win tix on didn't know # of kids octomom has. i said 10, she has 14. i lost.
We look forward to having you as part of our team!
The longer you have to wait for something, the more you will appreciate it when it finally arrives.
Fina get ready to lay it dwn with my Jocky Pooh.
No please don't end.
Hey Y'all do me a favor and follow 's newest digital producer He's new and needs more followers!(:
I will get her one ;$
eek! I must still be on island time, totally leaving 20min late to pick up my kids from school! OOPSIES!
"Must read" is the new annoying twitter phrase. I must breath, the rest is optional. It!
Thanks ! I'm really excited to be in
The Imperial Scotch Ale has been brewed again will be ready within a few weeks!
last tweet of the night- KEVIN HART, IS THE FUNNIEST MAN SINCE DAVE CHAPPELLE!!!!!! GNITE~~~
Can't take this pain no longer. Family fallin apart, lost Dylan, slowly losing Tony - She is so nice<3, ily Jeremiah<3
yup I'll be there around 9 or 930!
Jerry McGuire!!!
I'm like tired... Why?
{__________________ :||} = what drummers remember about Glycerine by Bush
Baking our fall favorites: pumpkin whoopie pies, sweet potato pound cake, hermit cookies, harvest muffins, and the best apple cake ever!
Eat your favorite potato chips dipped in small curd cottage cheese with a sprinkle of cinnamon on top...yum!
yea mac's the way to go!
I'm trying to read through the relevant tweets, but do you want me to ask (1/2)
I would love an electric bike from Conscious Commuter. My pick for concept company at #AngelOregon. Growing market for e bikes.
Going to work for a few hours today. Need to finish massive K-1 return started yesterday. Don't want to dream about it over holiday weekend!
My left hand Perming my hair
Any iSchool students / faculty / alums @ #SXSW this week? Tweet us your photos / stories! (And maybe a tweetup if there's interest?)
Chilling outside the Hesburgh Library on the University of Notre Dame Campus. With
Tweeting from Low budget ways to connect readers w/auto using
bored and its raining listening to dido "thank you"
": ....don't get left in a roadside ditch....
I'm not from Dallas but I D-Town Boogie, I show my moves off and everybody trynna do me... is way jealous of my Really Fast Dougie
I can still bench more the you! Calling you out on that contest
We are doing well, just trying to keep up. I have missed talking to you too. Just keep praying
I'm still waiting for a s/o to the midfielders.....
"And the Wild Things roared their terrible roars..." RIP Maurice Sendak :(
If you follow Golden Corral on twitter there is a 100% chance you're practicing obesity
sounds yummy. Drink one for me :)
Holding on to anything is like holding on to your breath.You will suffocate.The only way to get anything in the physical universe is let go
Testing my new twitterberry!
I haven't talked about it because it really freaks me out. I just couldn't find the words before.. but I have them now. Some sad shit.
where are you looking for a job?
I'm leaning towards no, but its close. Still don't think NBA teams view him as a 1st rounder
I'm dying.
Via If the kids missed "School's Out; Art's In" today, there are still 3 more chances: 10am-3pm, thru Friday.
Thanks! You should stop by one of our shops next time you're in Portland or Bend.
So great meeting you, Amanda! Love your blog :)
I am the host of THE HOME-BASED BUSINESS SHOW on www.worldtalkradio.com. I am asking all interested home-based business owners to be guest…
I hate the spurs.
If skype is too difficulty, we talk over IM or e-mail... DM me your contact info.
I'm working my way through the 2nd ssn of #bsg. How do I miss shows like this when theyre on tv?
U like my heart <$
Night y'all i'm going to try to get some sleep
Let's rethink this analogy - NGP=D-Wade, VAN+NUWS=LBJ+Bosh Patton = Haslem???
50 twitter followers whoo-hoo! Not bad for being up only a month, and you are all FABULOUS xoxo Athena
": I miss #oomf :(" aw I know you miss me qt, I miss you too!
The wise person questions himself, the fool others. ~Henri Arnold
Dandruff, Eczema, Athletes Foot, Scabies, Sore Muscles, Arthritis Pain, and minor cuts have all been treated with Tea Tree Oil.
If only it was physically possibly to tweet as fast they do on
“: I heard theres like 7 pregnant girls walking around gbn this year #SMH at 2012”yes.
Yes, we will have them at the pep rally.. get there early, we think these are going to go fast.
Love the concept, I think it makes sense- but the price seems a little high for most
Gonna get it in for my bday
My message: HAPPY 21ST BIRTHDAY!!! I hope today is the AWESOMEST DAY EVER!!! See you at the WTK tour! :D Love, Taylor <3
brian jerome "likes" this
..to replace a decent income with good benefits that help support a wife & 3 kids..along w/ 's income
: #Aquarius are naturally attractive and naturally flirty.”
Got the most perfect job :) Hello full time $9.50/hour plus tips and commission!
#milwaukee We are introducing a new display and new products in our electrical department! Stop in and take a look!
Thank you to all of our supporters! Signing the contract tomorrow! Hard work pays off! TPC 4L!
Tonight award-winning PBS series "Craft in America" airs @ 8PM featuring alumna Joyce J. Scott '70 talking about her work & its family ties
I am now hostage to my damn married name until the divorce court processes the paperwork (and who knows how many months that will take).
yeah… actually that's way more accurate…
Looking for a Director of Marketing for my company, Unbounded Solutions. DM me if interested. #in Please RT
Local unsigned midsouth music--send quality stuff to let Memphis (and the world) hear! www.radio-memphis.com
See you all at 's culture shock! We'll be slinging cookies and listening to bands all day, come say hello!
I'm in the zone writing with the angels
Money is safer on Floyd than in a bank account backed by the FDIC. Money Mayweather, hate him, but he is insanely good. Crazy Good
Awh, thank you!
Upgraded technology and strings. About to upgrade hair. Happy.
You'll get to one day! Trust me! #IGotASecret. :) x
Just been sick in school, awkward..
Did you get your tickets to the 2012 yet? Its next Sunday February 19 at The Foundry & benefiting
I am bummed I missed this week! :( I will be back to being insane with you guys on Monday!
Just ripped out "I Walk the Line" by Johnny Cash on the guitar. Never played it before. Smoked it on the first try.
Well fix it anyway. Or steal a neighbor's connection.
haha! Agreed. We work with Joomla from time to time. lately it's been a lot of Magento and ExpressionEngine
MICROSOFT WORD, STOP HATING ME.
Thanks for tagging me! Looks like I just missed the broadcast. Is a replay available yet? Thx for yr support! LetEmPlay.us
No. It squirts.
You'll understand why I want you so desperately. <3 :)
Late to the party but my girls and started without me.
Berkeley College loves Monday. Hope everyone is having a wonderful day and staying focus on what needs to be accomplished during the week.
I'm sick too. The worst !
I AM FREAKING OUT !!!!! MY IDOLS AREE IN MY STATE!
not if I design it. If its my design than it will be perfectly flawed! Flaws add character & charm.
N I got a bad bitch without no flaws<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
You can still buy a home today with Zero Down USDA loans, contact Community Mortgage 877-829-7161, Indiana Lender
We have expanded our Portland delivery zone and you can now pick up your online orders at our downtown location! www.klassicgemcuisine.com
i am so sick of the movies they make today,. why does they cus all the time, they are filthy and rude, i'm sticking to with old movies!!!
people can really hurt u... :(
Guilty pleasure done! Thank you Now time to write about talented #Latina artists.
Every day #BOYFRIEND comes on the radio on the bus home from school. Everyone sings along :)
Who is that though?
The bottle is looking alot my attractive
thanks, Lisa! Best of luck to you!
Aaaaaahhhhhh! Its amazing <U+2665>.<U+2665>
i got you g
Volquez should go crawl under a rock
My new cousin is on the way!! :)
Sad To See The People I Love Go But Hope To See In The After Life <U+2665>
Jacob & Phillip. ha, brilliant just brilliant. :)
Good luck to everyone running in a race tomorrow!
happy,i got another big brother:P
Rodeo Cook-off starts tonight & HLSR begins next week- stay on track to healthy eating with Epicurean Lite! www.EpicureanGroup.net
Thumbs up after watching
Normal is So over rated. We go above normal 2 KrAzY
should have sponsored the Carrier Classic.
add me on facebook peepz
Every time I come to my Mother in Law's, I convince myself that I need to get cable when I get home.
I hate Jack Fagger aka Jack Swagger >:-(
Thanks. After talking w/ other authors and editors, I finally decided to do Twitter. Have to find a decent pic.
*city bus
RAWR! IM A ZOMBIE HERE TO EAT 's DELISH BRAINS!!!! OMNOMNOM! Kthxbye.
and boom, you just did. Maybe Klout does know what they're doing. :)
right? That's a show I will never forget.
When I was at your age, I lost my tooth, not my virginity.
A bevy of beautiful young ladies will attend to your wants in Raphael's neckwear and gloves department, 15 Kearney Street.
At for Tuba Christmas 2011
You got it. On vacation this week. Keep messing around. It's the best way to learn.
really want to know the reasoning for that foul...
you taught his fans to have faith and willpower to get ahead in life
Jealous. And yes, I met Jessica Alba. (And saw Oprah, Michael J. Fox, Uma Thurman, Kristen Stewart, etc.)
A rare 8 point KICKED #Kronum was the highlight of the night.
I was too late to that party, carter.
thanks for the props!
A big Twitter group hug to all of you who show up for therapy! You're the best part of our Tuesdays!
I can't stand certain types of ppl
its my friends bday and i dont have $15 to get halo reach for him ah this sucks
Enjoying my only day off this week.
Ima bring hot chips tomorrow :) I'm not Sharing
your tweets are distracting.
Where would you all like to see us play next?
don't you dare call her a bitch
Apparently I just won the Mexican National Lottery! Weird, I didn't even enter it!
this week i dont want to worry about a damn thing!!
kill it with gin
whos in it? & whats it about?
#yobitv I am beeing active. I am a Team player but I dont see my tweets. dag can I get one tweet through
can our dress for graduation be 4 fingers ?? or do we have to have sleeves ?
oh fun. I like that place. Alright I'm going to crash. I'm tired. Sweet dreams
They gave that #Yankees Garden Gnome Mark Teixeira's eyes.
tweets during calc exam... Bold
bummer. When will it be fixed? Plenty warm in Milwaukee.
Guess whos video montage was first on shefters report?! That's right! Upshaw!
Welcome all my #Sweet new Followers. Give S/O And I'll #FollUBack :))
anybody know a good place to shop for a faucet for a kitchen sink?
rubbing his elbow (wenis) untill he sent me to the principals because he wouldnt gimme the
Looking forward to SPN in Houston next week. Visit booth 203 to see why Pedz system is the only true solution for protecting peds patients.
Meeting went well!!!! Paving the way for new artists....
some of the museums are closing too. Maybe I should be nervous?
Only could make bowling fashionable! ah her dress was soo gorg like always!
Yay for waking up early tomorrow...
i want celtics to win but also lakers :)
Signed, College students everywhere.
Thanks York Surf! How are the waves this weekend? I heard they were good yesterday.
I heard a fuck boy said I anit hot seen 97s, turn hot97 they still trying be me from 97s...
my pleasure! Be sure to post pics!
Sharing feels so good.
you gonna be in atx in July? that's when I get back from working at camp
agreed - I keep adding to my list rather than crossing out.
eahh good part! well goodnight(:
audacity + mp3 file cut the part you want and copy it to the phone..
I love how my "friends" talk about me in front of my face and behind my back. Seriously, get a life and stop judging mine.
FCSO confirms man shot, says he's stable
Need your HELP guys! I've brown hair.. & I wanna dye my hair red, like 's hair! Should i dye my hair red? TWEET ME! thx. =)
where you moving cuz?
RIGHT NOW: A hint of daylight, an ocean breeze, eavesdropping on neighbors while they eat. Love it! Yes, I know I'm a big weirdo. DEAL.
hey mandy ur awesome follow me plzzz im following u!!!!!!
So I don't even know if you're kidding anymore or are you just being this much of an ass?
#BadChurchNames Victim's Witness
Thanks so much for adding us to your literacy-orgs list!
Everyday I tell myself I dont miss you, but I know it's not true.
Crazy here right now!! Static & our sister venue are nuts!
Weird kids + Well educated kids + Degenerates = WCC
Happy Daddy's Day to all you guys out there. Mine is 86 years old. I'm taking him to dinner.
yeah but.. u know.. it's not the same</3
thanks for the reply
Agree RT : Not sure how I feel about ads featuring hashtags. I'll be interested to see how brands use those streams & Tweets.
TRIPLE FEATURE SUNDAY.
can we stop pretending that grad supervisors and uni administration aren't bosses in addition to providing mentorship and training?
Somebody going to get they ass beat up today
Wow what a bitch.
I use it to save my Instagram photos to Dropbox & notify me when new movies are added to Netflix instant.
Thanks for listening Carlos!
I'm going to smile like nothing is wrong, talk like everything is perfect, act like it's all a dream, and pretend like it's not hurtinq me.
Sounded like it to me.
Illinois bar and grill polish! Put it on your bucket list. Really!
Meme of the week: "socio-technical"
i got accused of being a cia operative using diplomatic cover today by a loud protester brandishing a chinese flag. that's a first.
#TipOnTakeout ? DO YOU?
"Everyone makes mistakes, but always remember to admit your own first before you point out someone else's"
I'm wearing a tall-T tuxedo T-shirt 2 the wedding. Because it says I'm formal. But im here to party <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0094>
which ones
I know...my husband thought I was crazy.
you could beat up
I would have loved to have referred folks to , don't trust them after this sleazy tactic
You'd be thinking i'm having a house party in the morning music so loud. I love having no one here
Want a fried cinnamon banana on your burger?! we've got em!
Love my girlfriend <3
Live out of town & don't want 2 drive? Take the train, Capitol Corridor! Fast & affordable & u arrive in the heart of the Sac Jazz Jubilee.
Everyone follow oh man!
For the brave: every Friday 11-close at Three Aces $10 for a 3 Aces Double Double, PBR, and shot of Old Crow.
What to do to die today at a quarter to two today. I think distinctly hard to do & harder yet to say
we just that sexy
Happy Birthday to Maybe the Coyotes will be sold to a new owner that will move the team to Quebec City for his bday.
Seriously, wouldn't that be awesome?
Thank you so much everyone for all the kind words! Blessed to have so many great people in my life
haha whatever bro...
"WTMW" (welcome to my world) is sounding hot! Its dropping this month
Unfollow this account and follow
Good to be back, work's been crazy, but I should be tweeting 2nite, watching a movie.
stop being fucking childish
Yea, I hear you, but I've watched hundreds of shows for at least 2 mins. I just don't understand excitement...
RT : RT Photobooths -corp fun are what we do-like class reunions, proms, movie premiers, Zany events/amusement park
lmao i concur with you lol
It is wiser to find out than to suppose. — Mark Twain
Feeling free <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Sisters: they are what makes your world shine bright when it goes dark, they are their to make it all better. I LOVE MY SISTERS!
My parents' cat is currently looking for reassurance that his existence in our Universe is meaningful... At 6am on Sunday morning.
haha xD having fun is all that matters
Glad you like it!! We are going to be having a summer sale soon. Pick it up then! :)
RT : If the Bobcats lose tonight, they should just sign five actual bobcats to play the season finale against NY.
Where are you headed? What's your highest wish for yourself if there were no obstacles? Once you're clear on that- make it happen!
I wanna fuckin punch her in the mouth.
i love you so muchh!hearing oyour voice really cheers me up!<3
A #ghettobandage is a kleenex, pre wrap and kinda sticky, old med tape.
Happy Holidays.
Nerdiest moment of my life: musicologists joking about a database search for a list of Phrygian cadences resolving to C.
Thanks for following us, Deane!
Haha just climbed a christmas tree.then fell:(
Going On Facebook...So..Yeah...Peace!
So bad ~
Get in at the beginning of something BIG! New company, publically traded, free to join, great snacks! Go to suzanne.snackhealthy.com
Q: How does Bill Gates screw in a lightbulb? A: He doesn't. He declares darkness the industry standard.
Rolling stone is legit the best magazine ever
Preparing to speak at Speedway American Legion Post 500, 1 of our largest in Marion Co across the street from IMS
Notice Madonna dropped towards hell at the end of Like A Prayer.
Oh Son! You have it going on with the ladies! Keep up the good work
No Brooklyn this time around. I have been to WTC many times before & after..
MT Never tried Pho? No problem! Come by and we'll tell you all about it. You'll be glad you did!
great work team!
Lol.It seems industry related press has rated Simon Dylan Ian Xander Thunder aC+List Celeb.2make B/A List I have2accept music/film/tv offers
Hard to write on two hours sleep. Whether it's for grad school or myself doesn't seem to matter...Why do toddlers need so much less sleep?
that's the world man. It's always about the money.
I think we should chat about the Hobos in Indy for the SB, and how they should all be dressed up as butlers, and serve us.
Can I get the girl that did the Thunder half time show twitter name anyone ??
Maybe they're trying to hack your phone. :-(
“ never betray someone who were true with u from the very start.. #Loyalty”
Aww im soo sad spring break is over time for BORING skool
just woke up exhausted with a horrible sore throat... -___-
The two greatest words in sports. Game. 7.
105 days until
Yes...it's getting better. I love it.
so much for true best friends !
Was walking my dog my battery died! Nice, so Johnny Depp right?? Awesome! Yeah, do pushups every other day to stay in shape..
what time does it start
Slothfulness continues post Mexico but I have legit excuse day after shoulder surgery. Moms riccota cheesecake, Frontline, oxy +
right? I'm always like I'd like to see youu last a week! And yeah that part is easy, but it's a sport that you have to be
RT : Mobile strategy tip: Critical info/call to action in 1st paragraph, use bullet points. No one wants to read just...
Council hears reports on ACLS Board of Directors nominations and report to society delegates.
The key being "alert enough to notice".
Cute guys that wear glasses just for style >>
Coming soon! #DianeMorlan's new #cozymystery #ShakeDownDead--blackmail, politicians, and murder! Yum! A new
Live life to the fullest <3<3
Lol...I think Ron Artest is a little off. He was on one...hahaha. I always get a good laugh from him. I guess #Lakers got away with the W.
Why is the valley so fucking HOT. It's almost November, world!
dental surgery = froyo for dinner = win
i did and she said tht she didnt say anything bout or to u i dont no though but i am staying out of it
Excited 2 use the weight vests & sandbells in our workout Friday! The sandbells r such a versitle piece of equip & GREAT 4 bball Grip work!!
You all must be getting excited for the #SuperBowl...our #Pats and #Giants gear has been going fast!
tell me that tweets about the legend
she is the jump rope queen! Stud!!!!
Google Tasks + Google Calendar + OmmWriter. Readability for those good, long online reads that I don't want to forget about.
Q1 at $1,300 each year, we only bought Britannica for our 3 largest branches for a district of 12 branches, also had online access
I'd used Edge on an iPhone over anything else.
sorry that Ive gotten your tweets late, I didnt know how to use twitter for awhile haha. Hope your doing well =]
Martin & Orloff: "My mind is an idiot!!" UCB humor jokes streaming on Netflix.
well sure. Don't you? Am I overloading you??? :)
Thank you Senator Johnny Nugent for supporting working Hoosiers.... Vote No on RTW...
This world is extremely small...........TOO SMALL
Gabbie found my oreos... Ah crap...
Okay :) Thanks for the info :)
Thank goodness all is well. That calls for another Frap in celebration. Hope you guys have a good weekend.
Kobe makes back to back shots in the finals seconds to put this game away. Los Lakers! El Mamba! Ganamos! :D
Oh that was different
there's always next semester!
Watching the Hannah Montana movie! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
If you don't have table games, you're just a shitty, expensive arcade so tell it like it is.
Fat lasts longer than flavor. Remember that!
Lascorz injury unclear until swelling reduces
#SomeFactsAboutMe i take everything way to seriously
I'm gonna try to follow every Ariana Fan there is on twitter!
Who will win Philanthropist of the year? Better yet, who will win best dressed and party animal of the year for the 2011 TNF Awards!
Really upset about it, but we'll do what we can to make it up to you guys.
Range element arrived, but broken due to packaging. Frustrated that will NOT gty the new one will arrive before T'giving. Grrr
oh good. We talked about this long ago! Hurray! I am permanently in the mode of "lobbying" for openness and collaboration.
It sure is a good one!
Making hits!
Glad it's fixed; go Team 208!
Just cause a woman fine dont mean she worth shit.
Keith will do a great job at Gannon.
Purchase a downloadable gift certificate online. It's not too late! W.loyalteeshirts.com
Can you hug your child today?
I hope you are enjoying it! - David
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I Thought All The Cute Boys Were Gonna Follow Me...
Hate getting called into work
Not too late to join #scicon! We will be streaming live with Reed Timmer at 2pm! To register visit : Links.DiscoveryEducation.com/SCIcon
OMG OMG OMG I can breathe again.
My 11:11 wish is to meet you<3
Juss :) INDEED I DO DARLING.
Not that I know of...
#soooTired TIRED OF THIS HOSPITAL.
talking about old records, costumes, concerts and why it is good to let things go with Ex-#Manilow background singer
Funniest commercial M&M's.... Always makes my day
Chris Cristi (R,NJ) as president wld b like hav'g the head of Suprano family in charge. Pres GW "shot from the hip", look where that got us
with airplane sized vodka bottles. Good to hear from you!
Not on Lebron!!!!
What is more important to you in a home? That its energy efficient, the size or the quality of life it brings? Please let me know!
If you don’t eat enough fruits, vegetables & whole grains it’s likely that your body is deficient in one or more major vitamins or minerals!
bought sporting blue spray paint for doughboy helmets
There are few feelings that are better than the tiredness that results from /thinking/
needs to get his butt over here!
My aunt&cousin&grandparents isn't going to the beach this year. I haven't been on our family trip in 5yrs since ive been sick I wanna go:(
we need to reschedule lunch. This Tuesday 12:30?
What is the definition of Schwag?
Thanks for the follow Andy!
yeah true!
Nashville here we come! Well, one of these days maybe. Thanks so much for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer.
AMEN!!!! Sage advise, darling Mark!
#np "Wasted Time" The Eagles- and yes, that proves I really am a white guy
We will be passing along great deals via twitter...follow us
The NEW TRAILER is up. Check it out! Just posted today April 3rd, 2012
we're design sisters!
Sick this is why I'm not happy when the weather changes
hi everyone :D
Where? Market at museum 10-2pm!
Both insane in different ways. Playing w/ so much freedom over such hairy changes is inspiring (of both admiration & jealousy).
Stuff is really getting hectic! God moves fast!
I think we're both reading the same thing. I just tweeted that too! Great doc!
will your music be released here in America too?
Haha -- I'm sure you'd outrun us any day! Either way, I plan to bring my exercise gear -- nice surroundings for jogging!
EG to be honored at City Hall this AM for 6 strong years as Council President. We'll be there.
Filming for NY Pain Management today!
Great weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Happy Friday everyone!! Come stop in to Metro Eye this wknd for our Spring Fling Clearance Sale and get 50% off designer frames!
Ya know its national grilled cheese day lmfao
It takes a devoted lover of trivia to retweet something like that.
I don't know what to say to u anymore.
Sadly we're not! But we'll put it on our list for our next day off.
RT : OH FUCKING HELL. MY MUM GOT ME A TRESOR PARIS SHAMBALLA. YES OMFG YES.
dont be sad your dominating the spread the word contest!!!!!
Love the way your name is spelled... I'm Aaron as well. LOL.
Bring on this 16 hour shift! Hopefully I get my patients back for this one day!
lol going to the other bathroom tomorrow...
Just found a lone 6-pack of Central Waters at the convenience store across from work. Strange and wonderful!
pac man would have an overdose with all those dots
U only sent 1 pic yesterday
Too tech-challenged for Skype! Did your client adopt or "inherit" the 3 kids? Or (OMG) did she have trips???
Oh, I see! First tweet was free. You my tweet dealer? ;D #igotsahaveit lol
Why thank you! Nice to hear because sometimes I'm not proud but I think that's just how life goes sometimes.
Digging all the retweets and shout outs. You guys are awesome! <3
In tears laughing so hard.
How funny is this?
8 hrs and I'm free
RT GaryRudolph Watching Steve and Josh speak at #JavaOne about #eHarmony matching with #hadoop on
Awesome news!!! #ABC RT : It's official -- #OnceUponATime has been picked up for season 2.
Loving the vibe I am feeling with all the positive changes, congrats Karen!
his mum wasn't happy abt his twitter handle :) received DMCA takedown
Asked wife if detergent was on grocery list. She said it was in her head. Classic brainwashing.
whoa another Earthquake in the world
dude be psyched to see Gerald Green!! I'll be watchin for sure, go
call me nerdy, but I'm dying to see "the best exotic marigold hotel"
Enjoying doing these freelance projects w and her communications company !
The conclusion of chapter two!--two new pages today at www.rocketrobinson.com
It is doee. She is like "Im not making your f*cking bed, You sleep in it, Not me"
How was that postgame show?
Do you understand your company's financial health? If not a #part-time CFO may be your answer.
Congrats on getting your butt into the gear. You can do it! I'm running my first 5K ever on my bday so I'm w/you.
Talking to you keeps me smiling ;)
Puss in Boots (2011) Puss: Got any idea what they do to eggs in San Ricardo prison? Humpty: I'll tell you this, it ain't over-easy!
Welcome to the family Andrew Luck.
I love #omnigraffle too!! Just met it. We became fast friends.
Sending a shout-out to Salem, OR!
We are also coming up with a system where people can submit a shirt to us
how is this not considered a broken game? Reviewers should give 1's or incompletes.
I just want to call you mine [:
miss you best friend..... Haha....
ma says hey and get upstairs and do the dishes.
well that's always good
#WORDTOSCOOB that's my shit bro and you got Bun B on that hoe
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Zachary Berry °Rising 11th °San Antonio, TX °Travel Team: Texas Extreme °Point Guard 6’3
Roll joints bigger than king kongs fingers.
Obama verbal statement on Libya pretty much repeats last nights written one. "Libya is in the hands of it's people"
Perseverance is a great element of success. Knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.H Longfellow
Just helped a guy jump his car. Poor guy, I remember when I use to have a POS. Thank god those days are over.
Flying to #SNA for our Sales Meeting; looking for the latest new on strategy, products, and more, bit hate to leave Seattle on nice day.
Bitch I'm not like Rihanna, I Don't "Love The Way You Lie"
d00d i wish @
NO deaccessioning....EVER!
thanks for your support
oh hush and sumbody totally forgot about smh lol
haa lol my friend made this book about the ICONic Boyz and she dropped it an my teacher looked at the cover and it said "NickyBallz" lol!
Ah, now we're talking the quality stuff
you are a very bad man on mister! Kinda makes me miss Chuck
Its nice to have someone that #compliment your life and not #complicate your life
Be a pal,
i know that i put walls up but ehhh cant help it when you have been hurt so many times
ABC - Always be closing - every page should have a primary call to action.
iraq and now kuwait
You belong with me <\3
lol very clever
It is officially December which means the countdown begins to the opening of Hotel Eilan Resort & Spa, the Dance Studio and more!
Lol yeah i'll try whenever im done when is it?
Cruise Ship Entertainment Booking Agency - seeking bands, musicians, performers for gigs! www.MOneStudios.com
Be on the lookout for a new A Sound Heart music video! Can't wait.
Lil girls out here getting they lil vagina ate .
Huge sculpture of a banana at commuity college... This confuses me
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool? - Bob
how do you eat so much and stay so skinny?
Ending Exam
When i die I wanna be buried upside down that way the whole wrold can kiss my ass.
#hth2012 huge penetration of mobile phones in Philippines (lots of text messages exchanged)
Happy Mother's Day to all Mothers! I pray your day is filled with appreciation and love! Pas
Seems like everyone likes Animal Collective now, I love mango and watermelon
Wasn't a lie but wasn't the truth either.
#thingsifindsexy joseph morgan and his awesomeness in the vampire diaries
. needs 1 more follower to get to 300. Who wants to make that happen?
bathroom key, computer sign-up. and think i as hit-on. it's way too early for that.
just registered for Ebooks: The New Normal. I get to participate from home! Nice.
this has been debated and it seems there were lots of fed regulations that stopped airliners from doing own safety
Good advice for any occasion: "Find a cowboy...and bring him back to... shake things up a bit."
True for almost all hold music. “: The Free Conference Call dot com smooth jazz on hold music haunts me in my dreams.”
Order a guacamole for me!
do you have any socks to wear?
they're a bit slower and Ruby is almost a ballad, but still good. Looking forward to the full album though :)
coincidence that they launched on super bowl Sunday?
He is severe to dog then dust mites, mold, grass, etc. Just whines & cries alot.
30 minutes until #revenge ... Are you excited?
#erl12 #gokb session here. Open knowledge base with enhanced global data elements APIs to interact with data and uses Kuali OLE
Hubby's studying on Sat afternoon so I am getting a mani/pedi :)
"them too" as in also. Not "to"
There is always #goodthings and #badthings about being
Where are 2012's #TEFLhotspots? Are you #teachingenglish in one now? What's hot about it?
I'm a dime.
Big East 2 Big Ten nada
Not anymore >:) ": 69 followers... I GOT THAT!"
It's raining. It's dusk. Shouldn't a POLICE OFFICER have his headlights on while driving??
no problem!
Got you.
Had great time w/ listening to tonight
“: I just got my skirt in the mail - oh, my gosh - this is AMAZING. I'm in total love!” YAY!!!
New terrific serving pieces! Our Truchas pattern if featured in this photo.
Limited by 140 characters. I was going to say "evil genius" but didn't have the space.
Got some stocking up to do? May as well win a #Wii while you're at it! Buy 5 meals before May 31st, and you'll enter a #WiiFit raffle!
Well maybe not 365 lol but it feels like it
Sophisticated theoretical collision physics lies beyond my practical comprehension of spacetime/motion. Car collisions are easier to grasp.
I love the White House Correspondent's Dinner speeches. Always hilarious.
Discover the World of Communication is a summer program for high school students who want to explore communication studies.
Jesus I am fat
In class chillin
Modern Day Hippie
yankees bringing it back to the bronx
haha and this is why I hate tweeting from my phone.
Artmageddon is LA's 2012 Carmageddon. May be a festival on the car-less strip of highway. -Project Audience demo
Are we friends on facebook yet? Facebook/robjenkins3600
Watching Passion Of The Christ never gets easier. I'm shedding tears beyond my control. :(
#NUAN closed today at $26.10. Don't worry about Dorothy. What's next. Come on. We need maximum
Don't forget to get your pets spayed or neutered!!!
Looking for the next Jedi...
Thank you to Joe Squared and Lebanese Taverna for joining us at #ThinkBigBmore visit joesquared.com and Facebook.com/lebanesetaverna
Yes! Overtime = more money for me!!!
Love having a park follow me.
Fuck I miss you
Gonna miss her! :(
crazy fool
we love you go
Artists don't make objects. Artists make mythologies. Anish Kapoor
Goliathon just taking the stage Local Underground Tent Party. wines, beer, & food!
I'm not in a bad place yet, sister! There's still time!
Refamiliarizing myself with Django -- have two apps planned already!
#ColtsDocsVIP contest on Tues. for NFL Draft Party! Two followers (+1 guest) will win VIP seats at for Thurs. night!
Note to self: Some people have real problems.
Cam!!!!! I can't wait to see you again:)
You are quite welcome -- I'll be able to look over what you sent me tomorrow or the next day
$4 wells, $4 wine, $5 martini, lemon drops, cosmos, and margaritas...3$ bud light/coors light...$4 micro brews! We have 10!!
[] I DONT CARE GIVE ME A MONSTER!!!
#hoarding ... Fat lazy slobs...
There's more people on Facebook then there was on the planet 20 years ago
not sure -
My mac and cheese has bacon in it!
We erased one another...
i want a welcome to paradise tour shirt ;o
NEXT GUN SHOW! MARCH 6TH & 7TH AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING ON THE NEW MEXICO STATE FAIR GROUNDS. NEW MEXICO GUNS WILL BE THERE!
Just watching #thebachelorette and I noticed 2 common factors in the guys: owning a dog and being fit
I did not see him getting fourth, perhaps third, but below Juliet? Crazy.
#FF , one of the shining stars from #140cuse. Big things on the horizon for him.
thanks for the msg and FF. Headed to the night shift. Hope your weekend is great. Adam
One week and the iTriage team will land in Austin for #sxswi! Come find the iTriage Man for a chance to win big!
"nosh"? Like, the Yiddish word for snacking?
Let's go Maryland
Nothing i do Here is as fun as it is at Tennessee. Can't wait to go back #home <33
out in sit n go. my A7 hit against his AK when i raised and hit our Aces. super loose player and thought he was making a move.
that is so nice of you!! :)
not really, they're at the top of the arena :/ but if I see open seats after the first 2 songs I'm moving
thanks as well, guys!
“: Nothing worse than your whole family not having school when you do”
s/o for being so badd
Have you been to new Amway Center in Orlando? Best NBA arena, hands down!
#ididnotreport i should have told someone what was happening to my friend.
Seen Italian Primitivo labeled at Zinfandel, never as Plavac though. This mean Plavac is getting hot ? :)
don't dream through life, wake up!
LOL. What time shall I be over?
Natalie Portman overdid it a bit on the hair gel. Guess she's still a Long Island girl at heart.
Long island city is a post apocalyptic mess. Cars and trucks abandoned in the middle of the roads everywhere.
& - sweet meeting you ;)
I'm coming on Friday! Gotta see Monet before it closes.
having a conversation about being a water elitist before 10am. It's gonna be one of those days. Haha
I watched the #bachlorette and guess who's back baby??? EMILY!!!!!(: <3
And I may have honked and waved. :)
Hey! Look what I found...peyote!
the video is looking good shout out to david!
#ThanksToMyEx I never need to feel responsible for anything negative that I have ever done or experienced.
I hate writing my annual review. I'm awesome, isn't that all I need to put down?
Web Hosting Locker Intergrates Facebook for easier registration and login fuctionality.
Atlanta Falcons
It's the simple things: a new Speech4Good user said our DAF feature is "10x better" than {a competitor's}...makes us smile :)
SUPER Pleased with the Customer Service I have received from the last few days! In-store and over the phone! WOW!
I always rep #Lambda. Family time this weekend w/ kids, not enough time 4 everything be safe what happened 2 data blackout
I will be in Memphis the 22nd. I was thinking I could come stay with you and we could go do something :) so maybe you should stay
Should I be concerned that this male bartender, who I don't know, has given me 4 free shots & has yet to take any $ from me?
I AM UP AND CAN'T SLEEP AND I AM BORED AS HELL WATCHING BONES
I am tired of people talking shit to me becuz i work all the time guess what people i got a fucking life..try and get a fucking life..
Happy birthday, buddy!
The Packers of Green Bay took on the Giants of New York the giants gained victory by kicking an oblong ball through a big H!
why does it matter gay, straight, whatever why be such a complete bitch to others who have done nothing to you
You just like it cause it means "pretty" haha.
SMH is all I can do..
Ill be heading to San Antonio on the 28th! To shoot at The White Rabbit, for
heck.no.
Wow you guys!One more follower till 400.Im amazed.I thought id always have 100 followers!Thank u!Game/contest soon!
I meant the twit name
OMG Luongo looks like the butler from Mr.Deeds
Where did this rain come from
yeah it did and pk
thank you for following us! Did you like our video?
Get on www.FishbowlRadioNetwork.com in the Green Studio at 7pm CST!! Listen the the Primetime Comedy Show!!
": Deleting twitter. Now" heart attack!
Well you aint gonna know how good of a girlfriend i am untill im gone!
Who edited that teaser?! Its amazing! = P haha
RT : Relationships are defined by who we are when we aren't looking.
Touchdown in Heathrow. That London fog rekindles memories nearly forgotten....
she is all WTF and i feel dumb haha
if your looking for somewhere cheap and close to southside look at southcrest!!
that was not nice!
Entering into Hanukkah in a few hrs! I'm believing on behalf of my family & yours, for God to bless us with any miracle HE wants to give us
Seriously tho, as long as you have tight hole, I could care less about anything else. I have a good imagination.
haha this is true! and i still love you anyway :)
“There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, learning from failure.”~ Colin Powell
Our butts got completely soaked on Jaws. Adios Amitty.
oh I didn't forget, I was just trying to see how much it would cost for a plane ticket and a hotel lmao <3
hahahahahahahah I thought you would.!! <U+E057>
"do 3D movies make you sick" words of
Celebrating Cinco de Mayo with dumplings at Myers + Chang, think I may have my holidays confused.
That's great!
I just need something different.
Shout out to da homie Happy Birthday! #Salute P.S. I know youre gonna celebrate with a new tat right? Lol
Have a great weekend my friends.
You can't tell me nothing *
watch for my check-ins for clues on my location.
Stall. Definitely to stall.
That's the worst back to back effort I can remember in almost 30 years and there are pro bowlers on this team..
Let's see what y'all sound like without that auto tune
ah.... I thought u were downtown somewhere having an epic feast
Ian Eagle has a pretty cool voice for broadcasting
Does it need more x's?
you don't know that for sure I didn't think it would work with the amity affliction but it did lol
he is being sarcastic madi
Are you a poet / Who knows it? / Well, why not show it? Open Mic Poetry every Wednesday. Be here at 8:30 for pizza, beer, wine & verse!
Your avatar is hysterical!!!!!!!!
Happy bday to my sis !!!!! & hopefully theres no photos of us living it up on the party bus what happens on the bus stays on the bus
Glad you can make it (to hear )!
Spotted at opening night 's Hands on a Hardbody: Ben Millepied, Martha Plimpton, Stark Sands, some guy fr Glee, et al
If I could look like anyone, I'd be Miranda Kerr.
4 hrs to go, then I'm off for the next 3 days, which I know will suck cause I live with MY family...
Give us a shout if you're in the house for Dolla burgers!!
a tool that automatically unfollows those who tweet Foursquare checkins from Starbucks above a certain threshold would help
oh :o
wow! -.- haha I went yesterday
Thank YOU for coming out! RT Thanks, , for a great time at #ThursdayTherapy tonight! So fun!
Pleasure was all mine!
If you are trying to decide on kids halloween costumes check out pottery barn app. Great stuff.
What a lovely lap you have, Karen! And those sexy legs, M...
Bottles? Cans? I'll have draft please.
#somerville, consider yourself federated. Thx to 4 bringing #federator to the stage. Yeah yeah!
The Final Wiscojekt: DELA + SIRFICE + JASON ALLEN - this Friday. Deep Tech in the House/Pub! ALWAYS FREE. ALWAYS FUN. COME CORRECT.
If Rubio didn't get hurt, him and Kyrie would've shared the ROY award
Hahaha "It's a you-fo!" I wonder if the writers of Spongebob got that line from gmama trying to pronounce UFO? XD haha.
Good life.
Avoiding red meat? We have Veggie Burgers!
Lots of options for your next vehicle at Melloy Dodge! Check out our many certified pre-owned cars and trucks.
Wondering if Meg McCain & Bristol Palin on opposite campaigns about youthsex is the true expression of parents feelings today-opposite!
Video landing pages generate 5x higher engagement and response rates than pages without video.
I've done my best to contribute.
Can you give a link for DoJ ant's eye?
I love my clients. Way to go Mrs. Harmon!!
Haha, it's a pretty competitive program with limited space, hence the application :)
Hi Twitterfam, I'm glad to hang out for awhile with you. I consider that a great honor. Thanks to all new followers!
it does indeed. the quantified self, writ large, with hidden algorithms.
can't give you credit...Heard it b4. You gotta admit, throws a mean right hook. would be proud.
#hug Everything happens for a reason! Perhaps round two will be even more mighty and impactful!!
it's 1110 wow..fail
We had to move fast and with a limited lighting budget, film gave us an edge and the look we were after. I could go on :)
happy birthday, I hope your day was magical;D
check my YouTube out..
Hello...""Appetite for Life" by Noel Riley Fitch
keep em coming Lisa!
Albany area people- I'll be participating in some teach ins in Academy park today. 1:30-4PM. Anarchism praxis kind of stuff.
Brethren, be not children in understanding: howbeit in malice be ye children, but in understanding be men. (1Cor 14:20 KJV)
happy birthday Pattie! :)
I'm in the lobby waiting on my team to get here
Traveling? I just. I didn't even hope for something like this.
God can carry you through anything, no matter how huge
im going to make MahoneScarpBook soon, tweet me if you want to be in it, follow first! Thanks, xx
So, who's going to see The #Avengers this weekend? (Me me me!) ;)
So when is the blogger party 2 #BEA!!!!
ok, if you tweet something nice, i will retweet it. so tweet something nice.
Great experience with today. Would totally use them again.
I see they're back to the halo meme.
I ordered the new 10" record by but to make the shipping cost worth my while, I ordered his 7" as well. That'll show him.
SolarWinds Sales Opportunity! Federal Inside Account Executive: lnkd.in/pdxMQn SolarWinds - Austin, TX
definitely, word of mouth is always the most powerful, we listen to people we trust!
You can always work Big 12 baseball too and extend the fun into May! Also, yes on conf. call. I'll let you know. :)
if you're hot, chances are you live far away.
I hate dealing with the trolls at the Grafton Radio Shack. Apparently the cool, helpful, normal guy doesn't work there anymore.
He has that right! "I was a veteran, before I was a teenager." - Michael Jackson
Enjoying a great presentation by on the #KCCXR initiative during #EDC luncheon. You must check out KCCreativeCrossroads!
i did for the first time!
Swear! Im always the one that goes to visit you. You gotta come visit me for once fool
Almost finished with this paper and then it's studying for finals all weekend!!. This never gets old!
been there. The nerve!
right? i don't follow nascar AT all, but i flipped it on and followed that guy just because. pretty crazy night, it seems.
I thought we were friends
I need something to do tonight
Rip it in
Yes; good question! Haven't given it a read yet, but it's near the top of the list. I'll let you know what I think.
My husband wants to do solid state to my MacBook Pro as well. Will let you know how it goes.
oh that Tulsa "where are you?" Call.
I'm a stickler for realism in violence/plot so a few things about Breaking Bad S4 bugged me, but overall it was as good as other seasons.
I HAYE WAITING!!! JOSE GOSH!!!! LMAO
Come on heat. Don't disappoint me again.
Like we are the team of Exlpore Fulton Market. Learn about us, join in the fun and celebrate the #WestLoop!
Genesee Bakery & Deli has the same policy, and I stand behind that policy in general.
Ha ha -- I think it may be time for another email one in general.
just thought I'd let you know I got you beat. Dropped $80 on a case for my new phone.
How bout I get you a pass to the con n hang out with you @ the bar so you "appear" 2 b cool
no no. you don't see Beyonce. You Experience Beyonce ;)
And lo, chunks of frozen water began falling from the very skies!
send me the picture of us two!!!
#HoldMe come on guys trend it!!!
It's hot as fuck outside.
your fear of looking stupid is holding you back
#oomf was really nice to me today even though we don't talk like that..
Ready to go home already!
She can get it
Why you should own "Taken." Nights. Like. These. RT : Eastern Conference basketball or "Quiz Show" for the 35th time? Tough choice
In my humble estimation, the best use of "high priority" red exclamation marks on an email is when it pertains to lunch orders.
Check out my project "Dollar and a Dream," available on itunes, cdbaby, sony, napster and wherever u buy CDs
girls are known as hoes for guys. guys are known as players for girls. #TRUE SHIT.
Is anyone awake in this town?
seriously weird - if they've already been there for a few days, I'd just report the suspicious activity.
agree happy birthday to
Congrats (and !) for being named among most influential museum tweeters by !!
Out to finish spring garden clean up....I think I can.....I think I can....I think I can......
is my crush
Don't make the man the center of your life; visualize your own dreams and goals; maintain close connections to others
stickK works quite well with financial planning goals. Let us know if you need any help with the site!
love that woman.
The invite season is just getting started! Never fear!
Thanks! Successfully de-hacked -- that was exciting!
LOVE the up do!! So sophisticated and a great change from her usual down style!
sliders for president!
#TheAvengers rocked. Little dude totally dug it. We had a very detailed convo regarding superheroes, powers and nemeses on the way home.
There is crying and shrieking outside my window, and I'm inside listening to RadioLab. Shoutout to my hermit buds.
Fuck the rain I want summer
sweet dreams evanna plesant potter dreams
Assuming you're testing Internet at the Stick. Working RT : test
Too. Much. Wine. Last. Night.
can you tweet your formula sheet to me, i just want to see what you put on it. and
Sam: your killing thousands like hitler. Me: at least I don't do meth. Sam: don't change the subject
Oops, didn't realize Colonel Blimp was so long. Think I'll save this one for another time.
FOLLOW A GUY ICONiac?? I got a Mac book pro 2! They are so sick! No virus! Lol
Hey Guys Brunch is going strong!Come on in ... we can do brunch all day.Finish brunch off with Scooters Frozen Custard!! Yes,Yes Yes!!
thanks for your support! Xoxo
someone promote my page please.? :c
hey qt I miss you
RT : We are no expert in love or #marriage either, but take a vacation to ignite the passion!
Pool season is almost over! Take advantage of the heat and come get wet!! 2 for 1 drinks will be flowing until 7pm!
What goes up......after breaking into new territory yesterday, the bond market had a major retreat today. Best Exec 30 YR hovers near 4.25%
Some outrageous John Travolta stories on the #edge today...
Up 6 at halftime. I'll take that.
Patio sipping in March is the new black!
YOU STUPID COMPUTER! *it starts working* I'm so sorry... i love you.
Finished vocal sessions with She has come long way with this track & will surprise some people with her songwriting maturity
“After a perfect meal we are more susceptible to the ecstasy of love than at any other time.” ~ Dr. Hans Bazli
Come and check out an awesome new performance by Mezclando Milwaukeethis Saturday at Wherehouse!!
that's was u
are you standing in front of your locker after game 3 of the WCF right now? Your #playoff beard says 'yes.'
shout out to da followers dat do
The demographic most affected by Multiple Myeloma? African American males.
Hey, I was at your table at the $200 WPT Friday. GL in the rest of the tournaments.
I heard this edge rap song....it was HORRIBLE.
Just hit snooze so many times I can hear the judgemental tone on my alarm kicking on.
Welcome home, Justin!
#BnBWed Slight delay a we've stopped at Mickey Mantle's for a drink
The Historical Thesaurus is now part of the Oxford English Dictionary Online! Visit our Electronic Resources page and click on OED Online.
indeed my dude
good luck!
Now go and sell your soul for some happiness :)
"you give my stomach butterflies , you give my penis boners " loll, I just thought of that.
did she lose a bet?
#seniorconfessionhour I never expect myself to say this but I am going to miss high school just a little bit.
Dozing off in class<<<> sleep!!!
this dude in my hood. Insomnia + #laarson don't mix, so me and the pup hanging now at crime scene
I didn't take you for a football fan.
Enjoyed the Dallas Police Honor Ceremony this evening, thank-you DPD for all you do for Dallas!
Newport, R.I., is much more than mansions
but then im water ); and then the're nothing left from me... Omg im gonna die for the second time in one day );
Just win
Im getting use to this twitter stuff!!
Get , you're gonna be in Knoxville on my bday...do ya think you could hook a Pilot girl up with tickets?? #prettyplease :)
Happy #EcoMonday 2 U! What easy things have u added 2 your life to help Mother Nature? Turn off the water while brushing teeth? Others?
personally I think you'd look better in Cardinal red.
Recorded the very FIRST office last night! Oh boy, I hope it's a good one! (:
You rock! I followed all from , my curator
Happy Baseball Opening Day!!
With blueberries and mango ss ggggooooooooodddddddddd
I am following you silly!
I got asked to book Alex Goot.
JILL DID NOT JUST GIFBOOM
aside from the Cain campaign, that is
...the logic of three dimensional space.
Hi ALHFAMily! This is how a hash tag works - just put it in your tweet!
Two very nice, gas dryers for sale at the Washington Co. ReStore.
Still we sing with our heros.
nice ur cousin must be a good drawler!!!
watching Daily Show from last night - you're famous!!
that was random... but thank yeew! <33
I drink alcohol and they call me an alcoholic so ima mix fanta in it to be fantastic lmao
so ready for the rest this week! tomorrow normal, but thursday get out early and friday no school heck yes!
How's everyone doing today?
Was it Stand Your Ground or stalking that got Trayvon Martin killed?
I <3 that my kid sends me pics of Farraris when he sees them!
Glad show is over... I will say that if I had kids... i'd want them to be fans of hers.
ha. I laughed out loud watching that.
Spring Real Estate market is in full coarse. Homes are selling and rental market doing great.
Roy Helu really is bringing it lately for the Redskins - it is just a pain that it took Shanahan 13 weeks to figure it out...
I pretend like I don't care but it makes me miss you more.
Typing what you really want to say, then deleting it
awhh why aren't you a doll! :)
I have no idea who that guy was. Lol
ayee Subway and they cookies >>>>>
Oh, that's a great name. What inspired it?
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing - Dale Carnegie
of course ;)
The future of medicine? Follow for latest on DNA sequencing and clinical applications
It's been a long ass day for me.. think I'll go soak in the tub.
Wilson's hot Tamales make you Jolly 1290 HAYDEN AVE (E.CLEVELAND)OHIO NEW LOCATION 216-905-9143
The roasted cauliflower with chiles from is my favorite vegetable, hands down!
MDHI LOOKS LIKE A RUNNER!
Thank you doll:)
I found your ceiling tile at school today!!
#planning a #conference #event or #meeting? Whether you need a #keynote #speaker for #tech, #economy, #leadership, #eco or #innovation DM us
Tough week for Michigan, but we'll get through it all! Go Blue!
u know know them ones who always WANT your support, but give NONE. yep i see u.
at the moment :p but for long? Who knowss haha
i got u lol
You take a #shower every day, but your #dog doesn't need a #bath nearly as often. #Groomers: what do you recommend?
hey Zack!! ~hugs~ hows new jersey!!?!
was it worth the 3D? I know its a good movie
Just configured the TechBits blog to auto-tweet to this account when there's a new post. We're doing a "12 Days of OverDrive" series...
DUDE!!!! I'm so sorry!!:( I love you more than you know! When you coming to see me?
Congrats! What a great way to celebrate.
I don't have any friends, recommend some people for me
I say "I love you" not to hear it back... I say it to make sure that you know.
Gearing up for UFC 101 by watching Ken Florian vs Din Thomas. Love that Flo Flo!
My favorite nouns so far: puppy, tricycle, paczki and Fiesta Ware. Fantastic.
There always seem to be three witches around every cauldron ;)
follow me<3
doodling in new moleskine
Save travels - enjoy Cambodia!
Who's all going to ' 1st Thirsty Thursday tonight? LIVE music, food, and drinks...what more could you ask for??
Is it true USC is reestablishing its MLIS program?
Thanks to Kaiser Permanente in southern CA for supporting food banks!
i have cheer tryouts today..thats fucked up i not ready ima forget everything
Loud city smoking loud packs
im pretty stoked for tonight. scarves up with a ton of green! :)
Luisa, thank you for following. It is wonderful to have you as a partner.
Yeah. Definitely. Kickstarter is a lot of work. We have a whole team of people working on the campaign.
Thank you everyone for the #ff mentions
what am I supposed to hit you up for lol?
"I got a smile on my face but that's just tears of a clown" </3
Hehe Taylor L. Just got slimed! He looks hot, green.
Sunny drive in on MLK, choco muffins in the cafe, new desk & a fun Google doodle to start my day.
Switching my mid day coffee for a prune juice cocktail....what was I thinking???
yay! congrats. enjoy the last 4 weeks :)
yeeeeaaaah! what time does your flight leave NC?!
Holding long term grudges is wasted energy.
I wish your tweets weren't protected! I'm just trying to retweet you but it's so much effort
Discussion taking place regarding tweaking the championship week schedule, talk of rest day before semis and championship games
Jay Leno is not even remotely humorous.
12 more hours left in my shift, going to be a long ass night.
Partly cloudy skies and highs in the upper 30s today. Thanks Patrick Hammer
Dreamy glimmers of hope and promise :)
RT “The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is cupcakes."
#familydinner menu? I mean besides bourbon
are you retarded
You're not the boss....
praying for Delta Tau Delta and the Vanstory family
RT “: The attacks on you, are for what you might be in the future, not for what you have been in the past! ”
we need to hook for exchange info for the chicago G8 bro
TY x RT : Every reform movement has a lunatic fringe.Theodore Roosevelt
Jimmoth we need a reunion. Come hangout with us!
Could now use a beer...would take an old Iowa favorite if thats all thats available: Busch Light.
hey Todd, what exactly is Tilson Wireless, eh?
everything about today is annoying me
is cold!
What up? My phone be dying out. I only need a few cd's. Check ur dm in a few minutes.
Fuck people who can't enjoy life
Mixing the new Cd!
Dinner is chicken and mushrooms
on a scale of 1-13 how badly do you want class to let out early!
being yours >
God morning! What's going on today Tally?
i'm so happy we can talk now!!! Yes you're right I had an argument with a friend and it made me a little bit sad..+
Anyone else feel the momentum swing?
Wow my Sunday is awesome. Hello my twitter followers:o)
I speak for the trees! The Truffla trees! #iamthelorax <3
FRESH BABY!
SlideShare acquired by LinkedIn? Now what am I going to do with this $118.75 million in cash and stock...!
have the 1st pick to bring the best RB, Trent Richardson..establish the run and the pass will come...QB's are deep this year
Working on a story with way too many pieces. Ever read Goosebumps' Choose Your Own Adventure stories?
Love & Light backatcha, Karen :-) Thanks!
My friend became the love of my life... (just one more... lol)
Leaving for Peru in a little over a month. Getting a little nervous...but excited!!
just school stress.
It was real and it was fun but it wasn't real fun
All the stupid shit I did in middle school, hilarious xD
Stoked to be back!
I can't do it anymore, I just wanna go.see my grandpa.
just did :)
Finally tried Pepsi Next. I think it could satisfy my cravings!
Wuz good world...my phone been actin dum all day but im back in action now
French toast sticks are our favorite, too! M ... now that we're thinking about it, April can't come soon enough!
Working...radio interviews to support the new album, "Setting The Standard: Volume One" in the works...I'll keep you posted!
Besides, pending application is sort of like a lotto ticket. There's always the hope that'll be the one!
Thank u lord!
Kudos to , , & for a great #prssa #chilichallenge cook off event!
we love having you as a guest on our patio! Thanks for joining us!
Also, why pay for a roller coaster pic when you could hold your cell phone out while going down that hill?
No, but the argument before was that Montana should be in the CFHOF, and mostly for what he did after his CFB career.
I have been waiting for this weekend since announced the rumor! #teampettis is Elite!!
Game 3 LETS GO RANGERS
i totally forget what i was going to say
Warm pop tarts in my right pocket
Follow Sarah for live updates! RT : I'm at SGA and class council speeches! I'll tweet some pics later!
It's building; happy w/ the progress over last 30 days. Nothing happens overnight; pleased w/ May biz. Day at a time : )
Santiago Casilla enters the frame to try to shut the door on the Rox
Can't believe Kurt did that!
Think of auditions as your final night of performance. Make it exciting and be on top of your game.
Way to go!! RT : Just finished my first 10K in 53'54. Great weather, tons of people!
Ha! Love the opening line of the 2nd paragraph
Typical Forde. Find a negative for Cal and UK if you can.
It's gorgeous! yay!
Goodnight,I hope Tommrow is better x10
lol very awkward.
What happened to the option to schedule payments? My account only shows "Pay Now".
Jason Mraz: the worst thing to happen to sound since the invention of the dentist's drill.
Glad actually be done with Sociology before finals week! More time to study for CSE 222 and Physics!
Stylish and fascinating.
Bing a father tha best feeling
#BCSBlockparty LINEUP 5p Ryan Jenkins w/Patty of Fiasco/6p Jonathon "Boogie" Long/9p Super excited
That he's had a lot of chances and it might be time to fish or cut bait.
Kristin is in Boston for orientation. The girlies leave today for Nana & Papaw's for a few days. Things are about to get lonely around here.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Awww!! Two very good men!
If I ran NASA, I would have the ground crew at Edwards Air Force Base dress as apes when the space shuttle lands.
Applying to scholarships as I am returning to school after a break as an independent student with no financial support.
Eat, Live, Sleep All Basketball
Yes.Upsets me 2 think how the #GOP pulls so much crap & so many people still vote 4 them. Are they sane or ignorant or both?
and what was the answer regarding withdrawing support?
Collective Desk Concert with tonight. (As soon as they all get here!)
yes!! Hopefully it's all healed!
Some kids want drugs, some want alcohol. Honestly, all I want is a good nap.
where was it at?
I wonder when will show up.
Long day.
I once taught a class where I talked for 10 minutes total, they talked for an hour. In a discussion. Pretty incredible. Rare.
i always start to LOVE country music right before summer. #why?
have any dubs for me to do?
RT!!!!! ": "Sold Soul" or NOT was & still is a musical GENIUS !"
There are so many new music genres out there, compared to the 70s!
It's never too late to have a happy childhood. - Berkeley Breathed
insane. and I thought it was just gonna be another wednesday!
This is very wrong sir - you are ahead of me. However as long as you stay ahead of , I shall forgive you.
doing Hyjal a bit under geared always hurts
Oh, just driving along crying to a song.
Who wants to volunteer with us & for the marathon?
hi. what do u look like in person?
sup kid !
is attending the SAG mixer and acting workshop in South Florida. SAG needs to negotiate a much better contract for online residuals.
I just don't understand what's going on and were or when this problem came up ?
Tonight at the Wild Buffalo in Bellingham. Publish The Quest opens! Its going to be shweet.
...now onto Absolutely Fabulous!
Thanks for a great finish. RT : Think a few people are forgetting Tevez started the fracas by throwing a punch to the head...?
ULM has tied the game up at 2-2 at the bottom of the second.
The mani pedi place we're at is playing bob marley and I never want to leave.
. hyper-local news platform, in Davis, CA 1 in 7 residents contribute. Seeing similar trends in other markets.
OVER 1000 ATTENDING !!!!!! Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19 <U+E662> @ CLUB DREAM 1435 SOUTH POWERLINE RD POMPANO BEACH FL |xxx5
thank you! :) even though, it's been my doing.
In history, every opponent of the American military man has said we don't have the courage to fight face-to-face. I beg to differ.
I think Hawk just flipped someone off
I hate when people in that shit all the nigga I kick it will forever be my bros
"Rensselaer County, seeks individual for Library Director.This is a part-time position that will be scheduled to work 22 hours per week"...
Work hard, play harder ;)
awesome weather to have the seafair parade
Black Beans & Rice = Yummy!
Anybody... & I'm not talking about the 7th as a whole necessarily, but with 2 outs & 2 on.
Thank you so much for the birthday wishes! Hope you have a great time with your friend!
We are having so much fun reading these music/musician jokes! What are your favorites? We'll be posting ours the next few days!
what are you looking to learn?
Whoa!...impressive you can sing...who knew?!!! Oh yes and you're not a kid any longer. Crap you're all grown up.
Wrong part of the ball park...
heres something out of thought man boobs or a fat priest singing in hawian talk and dancing his a** off
When you're finished changing, you're finished.-Benjamin Franklin
Too busy to workout? -- Workout in the morning. You'll have more energy during the day than getting an extra hour of sleep
Thanks so much! Glad you are enjoying the album :) How are the lessons going?
New #giveaway toy consultation www.knowledgesafari.com click blog from
for sure. I have to support my clay pigeon addiction.
High Point Beach Music Fest tonight on Main Street. Come out and shag on over to the Grove tent!
RT : Get free beer from Lazy Oaf Lounge on Stoughton Rd. today when you say the code words found at www.phreeps.com
Just returned from HQ. The Peace Corps is 50 years old and 200,000+ Americans have volunteered already. Who's next?!
if you didn't win the Flo tix, enter here... Flo + Weezer + Jane's this summer! We're picking winners on Tues!...
I want empanadas tomorrow! Metro Center please! I have a visitor in town and need to show off the food truck splendor.
Happy Cinco De Mayo, happy national Hoagie Day, and happy National Custard day! Its fiesta time!
Weatherford fist pumps
RT : Raise money for jacks foundation!! Hope everyone supports him. Have an awesome day everyone
Starting the drive to Let's see if I remember how to get there...
thanks so much for the #FF and RT!
OH! Good one! No FAZZT food though... RT : I need something tasty for breakFAZZT - any recommendations?
Glad you caught the videos by on
Let us be Your hands and feet God, to declare to the world that #HopeHasCome through the love we show people.
omfgg i miss you
Dear GOD, While U handin out injuries, & doin the right now PLEASE stop by the SPURS...Amen
Spurs David Robinson talks about discipline and serving. Applause from
-you guys did one hell of a job promoting our single! THANKS!
Give me Tevez, Silva, and Johnson anyday and bring out Richards in Defense
Curious to hear about that, as an LIS student interested in digital stewardship.
you should follow me because yolo
This time the book club is all teachers:) All female so far.
Day 2 in St. Petersburg, Russia. We are on a whirlwind tour of the city. Interesting city... Did not really expect what I found :-).
hahahahaha omg totally forgot about this hahah but I have something hilarious!!! To tell you Hahna I have to text it!
Treat a military mom to a treasure box! Donations for $30 pre assembled food kits - feed her family all week www.thetreasurebox.org/donate
matabak time even though i feel sick :L
UR DA BEST MA KEEP IT UP!!!
You're from Indiana?
Why does my hair always look so much better when I'm home instead of in public?!
RT : Boosty?! I love Bootsy! I really didn't know that|yep! learn somethin new everyday!
it's all good shit happens right?
I miss my bestfriends.
why do people do covers of really good songs... and pronounce the artist's name wrong
Glad you could dig it, Flint.
Please consume your margaritas and mint juleps responsibly today.
& this is just the
Rallying with after a long day of rest. just ordered food and moonshine at a speakeasy...
Video from 's inauguration will be posted soon! Check back later this evening.
aye(; you're a cutie(:
That sounds like a fun vacation! :)
you know what tomorrow im going to make a poster. :D
Okay, that was scary.
RT : RT : "It's not about a large audience, it's about the right audience," Eric Schwartzman
Oops! Thank you.
YMCA interview tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I meant it Chels - u know me - i dont throw compliments around like that :)
I thought it was pretty funny...
I wonder how it would go if Facebook introduced a "who's viewed your profile" feature like LinkedIn has.
come over and dye my hair tonight its fading bad bra!
As part of “New Voices of Vietnam,” the Academy salutes legendary director Dang Nhat Minh on Nov. 10 at the Samuel Goldwyn Theater.
Having to make an impossible decision. Go to my senior prom...or go interview Forever The Sickest Kids. What the hell do I choose?!
Alex"How do 5 guys walk?" Me"How?" Alex"ONE DIRECTION!" Me"Can't argue with that.."
New Years Eve is just around the corner now's the time send us your request for NEW YEARS EVE COME PARTY VEGAS STYLE 8 HOTELS TO CHOOSE FROM
please come to columbia mo! I would love to you see you guys!!! <3
One of the few music publications that isn't a total rag these days. Well done.
Hearing someone non southern say "yehaw". Is like hearing me try to speak french. It sounds weird, and no one understands it
My mom just bought me gray VLADOS online! they're not Atlas-hi but who cares there effin VLADOS! Mom be ready for the best Mothers Day ever!
Been cleaning parts of my house..geez it was dusty...sorry been so quiet..
welcome hon!
Thanks to recent rain the City of Madison has lifted it's burn ban but urges people to be careful with the high winds
finally making the move to the dark side?
APPROVED!!! We are ready to go. Please go to www.IEPPal.com to sign up for your free trial.
It's crazy..and a personal thank you for everything we've talked about,you made me feel better when I needed it this season.
On a call w/a group of emerging leaders from the UNCA network . . . 'like' us or RT us if you're on!
Thanks for including us!
I am beyond thrilled to see you on twitter, !! Welcome!
Biggest pet peeve. Waiting for others to be on time. Already 30 min late for grandson's 1st Bday party.
good to see you man!! Safe travels!
you forget that for at least another 6 months the loop contingent counts as 'work people' for me
Starting Downtown Abbey with 's - what - third watch? And listening to newly bought Andrew Bird album x2. Decent Saturday.
FUN EXPERIMENT: If you shit on a map…nine times out of ten it will land on the state of Michigan. (It really works!)
Boyd Crowder on "Justified" is my favorite character. The man sounds like a genius and a hick all at the same time!
when you say you need a sponsor for your book, what do you mean?
Time for bed. Finished one web project, time to start another on Wednesday. Anyone need a website built?
So ounce I wake up in the morning its present time yes gonna be the best I hope I get a new phone my phone is crappy
thanks for the RT!
I'm gonna be in Towson tonight getting a henna tattoo. Be there.
I've been on a calendar, but I've never been on time. -Marilyn Manroe
-- Ahoy out there! Planning to see your face in July! Stay tuned.
You'll infuse the cheese, Don.
Then don't!
Just let me know when and I'll be there ;) haha
Follow us on twitter!!
when u gone let me text u
10 years ago, on this day, was one of the greatest rants in the history of American sports. "We're talking about practice, man!"
Did you know we have party room? Yep! It's perfect for birthday parties, tea parties, cupcake decorating! Call for details @ 503.222.4404
Do siamese twins pay for one ticket or two tickets when they go to movies and concerts?
Would somebody please tell Greece to start developing apps?
#blackparentsquote "Remember, chocolate melts in your mouth, not your hand."
Magan, thanks for following
Sweet Tomatoes. Yumm-O!
iMod: audiolingual approach to math rules, steps, and mnemonics; great for auditory learners; linguistic, interpersonal intelligences
#chicago #mstech reunion to recap on friday in chicago?
aaww thank boo!! Soo glad you're here!! Love you!!
General lee you're so wise, like a little Buddha, but covered with hair
i wish i still had AIM so i could post lyrics to Africa by Toto as my away message
I am on the call right now listening to my man TP talk old school people stuff. It's a great education.
making cookies and pizza for breakie with my besties<3
RT From NM to VA to DC to NC #SUMMERTIMEGRIND ...when you heading home ill be there in july..
This lady in the old main office just offered me a bite of her apple o.O lmfao umm
You may think you're going to win. Then my pitching will trample you like a herd of wild bison.
lfaooooooooooo omg that was funny Cus they wouldn't pop -.-
wants to live. And live freely!
everybody knows what you knew #beliebers and #NSN so we know
Thanks for stopping by yesterday! Looking forward to seeing you again!
I miss you
It's my pleasure. Thx for checking out my TL, I like to keep it interesting. Look forward to tweeting with you:-)
Shout out to my girl feel better!
haha! Cooler than mine!
RT : God is made of soy milk.
Joey's got the good shit, I'll give him that.
If God invented marathons to keep us from doing anything more stupid, the triathlon must have taken Him completely by surprise.
"I'd better learn how to face it / I'd pay the devil to replace her"
Here we go again with the Refa
The wisdom of the wise is knowledge applied and the love of haters is venom.
Tray: yea well its always next sunday ,Oscars Tonight!,#ToastRedCarpet,3pm/PST
wow. so incredibly sore. my forearms are sore. oh well, day 2 of moving begins
omg so excited
My mentions won't work........
Hahah I try.
Glad you enjoyed it! We will be recording a new EP next month and will be uploading new videos soon. Thanks for listening :)
I miss you too ;c
u should get the hallo app!!!!
Or I could just hire you to git on up thar and shovel all the snow off! Get at it, Z!
I have a feeling that when I get my own place furniture will win out over clothes as my new obsession.
"I hear and behold God in every object, yet understand God not in the least."
Have class at 8 I should be sleep but up listening to my music
That is bound to be interesting. Too bad no power when you get to DC!
Delorean, VW Bus Camper, jeep w/ gun turret, Subaru Brat with racing graphics & seats in the truck bed
Sweepy head still
My iPhone corrects all of my hashtags into nonsense words.
No wonder I can't sleep... That café mocha did its job.
did you guys know that Ryan Johnson is here for the Super Bowl, I can hardly contain myself!!!!
Can't decide :/
could you make the news anymore depressing on the 4th? Take a break already and talk about something positive. FAIL!
A firm runner in my list of Top Office Pet Peeves! My co-worker and I JUST talked about this, too. E-mail f/u + Verbal = too much
You & Judge Judy!
Lena Sang and would warm the hearts of all. She was known for her sultry moves and grace. Please listen to Lena performing in her most...
hey - thank you!
is my favorite human being on the planet. He should Benin a reality tv show all his own
Tune-in to hear & CrashPad star live on the radio (& online) for Sex City on 89.5FM / CIUT. Hosted by
Dude bro dude
LOL have fun on the bench bro
if your iPhone breaks inside a we repair/replace - BOOM!
RT if u wanna text!
Haldex announces new organizational structure and new members of the Group ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Hey thanks for listening! And im glad you enjoyed it. It means a lot to us!
May 23rd god willing
that looks good.
Tony Luca was fantastic! I disagree with . Not one dimentional. His performance was sick!
yes please send sponsorship letter to
UT Dallas We will give away a pair Beats by Dre Tour earbuds. a $149.99 value, if we hit 175 Likes by Friday 6/24!
Oh cool! How was it?
Try Tweetchat. You can control the pace.
my mom wants to know if i cant come to ur house at like 6:00am wednesday and thursday because she has to go work on a tv show!
fresh pipe
No problem babe ;) >> “: S/o preciate the follow babygirl!”
he tlkn bout I been gettin thick. -_____- you're like 100 , why are you looking?
How was the after party?
Happy Hanukkah to our fans & followers!
Thanks for the easter egg hunt, at least I can say I found 100% of the eggs!
what's up!
Me too! RT Is it Friday yet?! I'm ready for the game!!!!
Oh, I liked that one, much better than The Shape of Things. I found a movie written,directed and staring Josh Radnor
Finally stopped bring a bum and did some data collection today. I'm all excited about my project again!
Don't argue. You can't beat a woman in an arguement. Cause men, we are handicapped when it comes to arguing cus we have a need to make sense
Hate when people are unprepared. I could be watching Saturday cartoons damn it.
i am ready for dtv.... is everybody else????
We have always been very thankful for our supporters!
#IfonlyYouCould Understand How Amazing Jacky Is! But I Dont Think You Can Comprehend Such Great Amounts
Pedro Barros 1st place, Rune 2nd place in the pro division. Perfect. Congratulations Steven Pineiro for taking 6th in the pro division.
I never argue, I just explain why I'm right.
Stop in tonight for our happy hour with drink specials and half-off selected appetizers!
5 yrs on Twitter. Time to get back on for a bit.
Click the "LIKE" button on our page! Its good for you! :-D
Or an epic bike ride. That'd be a good way to burn off the calories.
DEMI INSPIRED US to Wax all the time!
hahaha no actually what about the girls you slept with ??? Oh yeah your like Jeff you still a virgin an will stay that way
Olivia Pope will cut you up. Don't mess with Lady O.
thanks for following me back here on twitter, that's so noble of you!!! God bless!
Oh, awesome! And so good to hear from you, Ann!
president Obama you are full of shit stop the shit and put some jobs out there for me and the people of america
HOF Legend #TonyDorsett is goin on #WFAN radio in ny to discuss football check it out
I could really go for a massage right now....
Learning how to play piano from
We are all excited! Enjoy the trip and THANK YOU for this experience.
writing part 1 :)
Golf Realty Network Worldwide Radio starts October 5th on the VoiceAmerica Variety Channel airing every Wed. at 8 AM PHX time
O or Goth drama. I was a part of but not a part of aka I wasn't even there) People are morons J
dont be mean!
#ItsCrazyHow one day everyone loves you & then one thing goes wrong & they all hate you
All these #Mifflin2012 kids tweeting photos of mimosas and bloody marys? At #Mifflin1990 it was kegs of Old Milwaukee. That's the list!
I use both the screen & keyboard for the ipad just not sure how to max. the use to work w/ it. I'm doing well! How r u?
"Dwarf blood diamonds." Awesome!
Hey NCAA, if you want to end dishonesty & corruption that is college sports, pay close attention to what Godell & NFL did today
Yo you ready for the supermoon?
Worrying is like a rocking chair, gives you something to do but gets you no where!
When you miss someone, and barely have the control to not text them every second that you have free time..
yeah it was fun
ugh...dnt feel good..ima try to get some rest...nite:)
I Feel Like A Lot Weight Has Been Lifted Off Of Me.... I Thank U Lord U!
Annual Jirschele Banquet.
you suck. I wanna play later.
Meeting time, but I thought that was a thoughtful discussion And on Twitter!
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. The obedient must be slaves. -Thoreau, Henry David
you are trying WAY too hard.
Every night, I hug my Baby Jack Skellington and my Baby Garfield before I go to sleep. They remind me of what used to be.
too bad they only play six innings - back to Blow Morgan.
We're excited to be a part of Chicago Ideas Week. Thanks for having us as your #CIW Community Partners!
Cthu I really made this boy mad on the train & I didn't mean to
Aaron - we saw Modify on Fab yesterday and the LaunchSquad Boston office is crazy for the new designs!
so very true...
what's cracking... Jus enjoying my bday!
what's that? Lol "Walmart" I am not PuertoRican!!! How dare you!!!!
I just wanna curl up into a ball and be in his arms right now <U+E327>
where u now? We r headiing to rockafella center.
WILSONS HOT TAMALES OTHER NEW LOCATION ON HAYDEN AVE EAST CLEVELAND OHIO 216 249-2659 @@@@@@@
just got vlingo this program is sick voice command your iPhone, so awesome!
congrats guys on moving on to rd 2.
writing/Photography and like stuff. 2accts= it's easier to separate everything....harder to separate later lol
"Without Bias" is great, "Hoop Dreams" another good one.
is speaking the TRUTH
Oh and at 9am we will have here live as well.
you're gross.
Bradshaw has had a big game for the giants today
Honestly, everyone on #TheVoice is beyond talented. I would be happy for any of them to win, but I'd be EXTREMELY happy if Tony won! VOTE!!!
Been so lazy then break
Watching the terror trial on BBC instead of TV2, to get another perspective on the situation
Nice! Love this! I am in need. The emails are winning.
Looking forward to future endeavors Cheers and have a fabulous Easter.
Good night folks. Have a safe, happy, warm weekend.
at least she had the baby though... I was beginning to wonder how long it was going to bake
Intel grows its business through I.T. in many different ways. They are:
Missing today! Hope you feel better soon.
New things coming this summer. Sorry to keep you all waiting! :)
yes we have a shit zu. I spelled it that way cause that is all she does. hahaha! We also have a cat named oreo
‘Don’t worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you’ll have to ram them down people’s throats.’ — Howard Aiken
I think today holds your record for the most tweets
TONIGHT AT PALM GARDENS DOORS OPEN AT 9:00...YALL BE THERE!
is there any question that rondo is not a top 2 NBA PG?
Are We Really That #brilliant?: Bowl Fresh: Safe to use around pets &children, although not rec. that either permitted to drink from toilet.
I love you
Don't be so open minded that your brains fall out
I'm doin good pretty lady you should get my number from your mom and call me I miss you
O'COMEON her teeth hurt! Isnt that enough suffering?! You really need to help out your future with here.. :)
thanks for the suggestion, but I installed it from source (make)
much love bro
feeling better! LOL “: Word heard my trainer got allergies &not feeling well today yay party when I get off <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>”
Our full service law firm offers criminal defense, civil litigation, family law counseling, and collection services for Southern California.
#latenightconfessions I wrote #oomf a love letter ..and haven't given it to em yet
Stop trying to please everyone else and do it for your own damn self!
Chicago! You always get the off the hook show we don't do anywhere else - we have a very unique party planned for you tonight!
holy cow ! crazy people ! lol
Anyone else feeling like 2012 might be the new 1982 for great geek films? (More on this in the next issue of Champion! Magazine.)
life gets rough, but you have to remember all the people who care about you and how much they'd hurt
RT you might think your going to win.but sadly your not.thanks for trying.oh you want your money back.sorry no refunds.talk to you soon.ok.
cause i have cardinals that just keep crashing into my windows all year
Got a job in Hawaii Been here since October. I miss home!
Dude responded to my comment with his number, offering to give me the "truth" about Alamo. I called him, he paused, then hung up.
The only reasons "ex's" keep you as a facebook friend is to be nosey.
Tempted to brave the cold and see the phenom get tagged by the #Pirates tonight for the sweep!
2012 is the year to #TakeaStand. is taking a stand for at-risk youth. What do you stand for?
People and there attitudes I just don't understand
If the Indians remain baseball's Cinderella story ... well, let's just say no city deserves it more. Couldn't agree more!
Suzy Kolber only interviews white people?
“A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them.” Henry Kravis
Right? We need someone to write the 21st-c Molloy...
Look at the stars, look how they shine for you & everything you do. They were all yellow.
will I need a jacket at the timbers game? Or will the scarf be enough?
uncle Internet
Shooting the new simple question video in downtown Waterbury
OK, I slept most of the day yesterday then half of the day today. I didn`t even stay up late last night.
Beekeeper, on what he does with the honey from his hives: "I typically don’t like to fool with it because it’s sticky business." BADA BING.
HAHAHA!! “: I wish these plants would keep it in their pants. This pollen is killing me today.”
Its been a lot of work, but I've enjoyed serving parents and teacher as the PTA President.
need to b ATE up nn DICK down !!!! lmao
“: #LibraHumor can range from silly and ridiculous to dry & sarcastic.”
What happens in #Portland stays in #Portland but only because no one understands #Hipster talent.
“ “ Charge fast. Die fast. Smartphones do it well””
Getn my new iphone today ;)
Pulling for OKC, but c'mon home court fans, it looks like a cult meeting with all those white shirts.
Special treat tomorrow! We're breakin out the mimosa bar :)
throat still sore. no rest for the wicked and weary though. two classes and studio time today. i'll just spray my throat w/ that numb stuff
Hello to everyone attending the TLA 2012 Conference today! Use the hashtag #tnla12 to share your experiences.
appreciate the RT
Be the friend, you would like to have.
so instead i'm watching forest gump
do you think you can give me a shoutout? LOL i want more followers(: <3
#LeBron has NOT earned the rep he has gotten in the last year - that's just a damn lie. the hate has been a virus
Seven out of ten people suffer from hemorrhoids. Does this mean that the other three enjoy it.
I'm giving in, going to the park, meeting up with my friend for a going away lunch, wine tasting then cleaning until 10pm...busy!
The reason I take pictures is so I don't have to explain myself in words.
can you share more info as to what you mean?
Happy Easter <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0>
"There is no irony font!" said Margo Howard, re: email etiquette. Thus emoticons are useful in conveying meaning.
youre a twat. love, everyone except your cousin <3
THAT SONG WAS OMG! ndonasoncksndkdbskaosndjxk PROUD OF YOU AUSTY <333
It's me, Deezer
Does that mean that you DO embrace gay Christians? Because that's what I take your response to mean.
Thank you, same to you.
reading projects? For what? :P And doing hw
thank you for following :) now come back to Chicago please !!
YES! Glad to hear from you, to see you're on twitter, and that you're joining the #sciencescribe team!!
she flipped cause I sharpened a crayon. It worked! So I spent 15 min cleaning it and it's basically a brand new sharpener.
Yeah exactly keep wishing.
Scariest eyes go to Heatley.
Happy Monday! I'm busy working on marketing, post-prod/editing, and design projects. How are you spending your Monday?
I love myself. I hope that you do but if u don't it's ok because i already love me.
heading to boot camp with Eilecia :-D
Congrats! Not just to you but to them on a great choice.
Dan: What do you call it when somebody steals a #StiegLarsson book? Me: ... Dan: Larssony! :-/
"Holy Shit Batman"
...and to all a good night.
Can't wait to taste the results of the new partnership between GFA winner Artisan Preserves and !
its a cold world man!!
A5: I agree with - we need to continue building on our rich cultural heritage & celebrate community wherever we can
American Reunion best Comedy since Hangover one and Bride Maids. Got an applause at the end.Funny & Nudity.
A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving
Navy Yard, PIERRE wants to thanks all who visited him today. It was a great day!
Long Island Championship tm at 3 30 at Hofstra come support #HF on the road back to Glens Falls
I've wondered about how artists might be changing their approach due to digital. Hm... Interesting.
def'ly will be doing that , & for school , i gotta get the fuck outta NC ! lol
just checking if you got the forum email?
Its going to be a long night.
I try to be, lol. As soon as I can get my mind under control, my book will be out!!!
Why is it only tuuessdaaayyyyy <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Bingo! Found m-i-l in the #1940census as a 4yr old!
I could tell you horror stories about their behavior! Appalling! Even to the ship crew members! Turned me off to them.
follow me! (: poo
Who wants my 10,000 tweet!!!??? Ill make it amazing
Money, Love & Happiness...
lookin hot like fire in that red dress. Shout it out girl
#FavoriteClothingBrand none i like wearing shirts with quotes, super heros and favorite rappers
I just noticed I'm not really using twitter as frequently as I used to. Oh well Follow the LOTUS to get in contact with me.
I give up . . . I gotta do something different now.
that one is not on me. I'm fixing it but Madison said she is giving them an apology when she gets On.
I think should auction the opportunity to do a session with :)
hahahaha(; So do I, we have something in common!
Yeah I agree he is from Ohio right?
Ha! Happy New Year, G.
Girls that know LeBrons a bitch nigga are sexy. You women truely know basketball.
#The best feeling in the world Knowing that you actually mean something to someone<U+2665>
Excited to finally try the with my lady love tonight. Cocktails are the best way to relax after house hunting.
#celticschat I think were going TRIPLE digets!!!!!
florida cops are annoying. you can cry your way out of a ticket im sure(;
Booking for SOBE today!! Many thanks, Joe Blake!
we can hope. 0-21 is quite the slump.
Someone broke into my sisters house & took my puppy ):
I've been rocking your world lately, haven't I?
Melissa McCarthy is my idol
#InSchool I sing songs out loud and i don't give a fuck about the weird look! <3
shes psychotic. Why did we even watch that... awk
thanks :) so is yours!!!
I don't know! Usually the Lions have the first or second pick. This is all new territory!
I need the bulls to beat the heat
It's coming great !!
I'm eating a pb and j right now too! Why can't I be a chef?
oh ok...take to ass tuh schoo
Did Herman #Cain just call former Speaker #Pelosi "Princess Nancy"!?!?! OH. NO. HE. DIDN'T!
i've got a few minutes to kill, come chat! -
": is one of the hottest producers in the game." Appreciate that Sweat!!!
I firmly believe that the only disability in life is a bad attitude. ~ Scott Hamilton
My M-W are CRAZY busy, worked 7am-7:30pm today! But well worth it cuz I only teach 5-8pm Tuesdays & have Thursday & Fridays OFF
Till the next birthday, at least!
Hey teachers - connect with a science professional TODAY on www.nationallabday.org. Questions? Email
Indian Wells Resort Offers Distinctive Wedding Backdrop with Special Bridal Incentives
great work weekend, communications is key
Uhm... don't forget Hawkeye... add him to the yummy list please
Lmao My Momma Going To Be At The MB Concert Singing All The MB Songs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> & I'm A Record It All
Come on Broncos
Thanks for the follow and for the good laugh I got reading your profile bio! Good stuff!
People that can't spell <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><
cool thanks
Update....Dolphins sign "Poker Joe"
iPhone turned sand art bottle. I like where this is going.
I hung my landscape photos at the Middleburg Library this morning. They will be on display through June.
Thanks, glad you liked the post.
It's six in the morning . And my mother wakes me up to , to ask me were her fuckin hamburger is
Director Stahlmann slays with record-setting fellowship numbers. Thanks peer reviewers who made it possible!
The closest I've come to murder is holding my Oreos under the milk until the bubbles stop.
Late night Just Dance Three!
What happened to the payment extension you could request on the my account page? I need to do that.
Mrs. Beasley: Grandma was talking about killing rabbits and I found one in our backyard!! But dad took it away from me... :-)
Currently recruiting a few more people for creative direction on the video game side of the orchestra...
thanks for the shout
Thanks so much - I'm hoping it will help a lot of parents out there to know how to get help for their kids.
Ice cream <33
So fascinated with this #Petrino story I think I'll go to Arkansas this weekend! Oh. Wait. Was going anyway.
How convenient that now that you no longer need my help, you ignore me. Fuck you. I needed you.
JESSNL! Ha! We should probably hash tag that. #JESSNL cc:
awesome ! Thanks alot ryan. See you around this weekend. Happy roo!
and none to the national championship.
I've watched all of your videos (: your just amazing, I love you
Hey Hon how are things going???
rock:you:hardplace. Have you ever looked at Globalmeet from PGI?
lol I understand
yo! Change your email and password, your sending spam!
What can we wear to school tomorrow?
all of sudden I have this huge craving for mozzarella sticks.
Great place for Italian! Meatball over there is amazing!
Said it all my life, been spending all this time, see every time I see you, it's just enough.Cause you & I were meant to be together in love
Why is it that when "Erotic City" starts pumping in the club it's like a snake charmer...start rockin back and forth then bam hit the
Bjorksten | bit is currently hiring an experienced Regulatory Affairs/Quality Assurance Engineer for our client, the leading provider of cl…
Gotta love twitter. Nobody reads it.
I love him...but I met him his rookie season at the NHL All Star game after party & he is kind of douche when drunk. Lol
Dad has a game at midnight tonight. :)
where in the library are you!?
Who had ANY doubt that the Celtics were gonna take game 3? NO ONE. Now time to get my heart ripped out watching Lakers & Thunder.
Woot! See you in an hour.
“ “ skinny girls eat so DAMN much lol.””
., , , We're giddy that we'll be in your neck of the woods this weekend! RT !
lol my number been the same lol thats u who change numbers lol
Is anyone on this baseball team NOT injured?????
Friends' Thanksgiving dinner tonight. Should be delicious as long as I can stay awake til 7pm.
Takin the ap test today gotta be at by 7 but mainly bfor 7:30
#theinternqueen is about to take the stage!
Guarantee you they will find more if they look into it. Kids dont just start going to Baylor. I know for a fact.
It don't matter who you is miss you can get the business
Damn right I like the life I live! Cause it went from negative to positive.
haha, yeah i guess :P
when are u coming to Portland, Oregon?!
damn.. we were trying to get all of us in one spot. hmm...
Starting the week off with a couple of New Creative Design & Print Projects!! Have a good week everyone!
u up babes
Congrats to , , , & for winning a Clear2Go retailer gift card!
Wow RT : It costs $10K to make a 30-second ad in a House race but most candidates will spend less than $5K on their Web site.
Change is tough. People will resist. But lead by example, and they will follow.
only if you beg me. ": Hope everyone is voting for tonight! #ryantowinbgt"
I don't like this bitch at all.
Ignorant people who speak without facts or information...should never speak, tweet or facebook comment. smh.
I agree lol
Ninjas: Does the mere mention of them make any conversation cooler, or an overused joke that has been thoroughly killed? Discuss.
Thats what im talking about
Has my cornelia Marie shirt ready for tomorrow... supporting and all the guys.
#free tasting tonight 5-7pm - hope to see you here!
Think like a man was dope! Meagan Good Body
MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE !!!
learn to love Keynote
Wow! Thanks for that...we're glad you've enjoyed it and hope to see you again!
I would have loved when I was deciding where to go, so I'd be happy to see/help with a Hack Your Program on Pratt SILS!
What kind a phone you got? RT : 4G is nothing but 3G with a label. I'm paying more money and 3G is faster on my phone. FML
Dude nice! You like it?
Did i jus witness the sundrop girl doin the booty dance while swinging on a tire swing?!?!? Im so thruuuu ctfu!!!!
Hell yeah my last final for biology was easy!
I'm excited
LVHCG is THE source to buy HCG in Las Vegas AND we ship for free in the USA. LOSE 1-2lbs per day and keep it off! www.lasvegashcg.com
Am I a Maple Leaf fan?
What am I doing up so early?!
I LOVE SODMG :D
Who wants to go shopping?!? & just donated gift cards towards an awesome date night!!
At Project Homeless Connect right now. We've set up our booth and we've had our CJSC Team Meeting. I'm testing our internet access. Peace.
RT : Welcome baby harbor seal! Born April 13 at #ABQ BioPark Zoo. In special off-exhibit pool w/ mom for few weeks....
Is there another female in sports who has the guts to give her opinion, even if it's against the majority? Mad props. Love this girl.
Everything today has been to the tune of "Birthday Cake" Cake, Cake, Cake
No I'm ok there movin
I think Zest just became our new brunch place. Cc:
Happy birthday! I hope you are having a great day! P.S, you are doing great on the talk. :-)
3 Days left til #Christmas! What's on your wishlist?
rainy sweaty travel swearing for a minute there.
This Latin project<<
in my case I want single payer but Obamacare is a good first step.
thinking of how my career will follow me in the future
amazing and just barely safe for work
I love brand new white sneakers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
the show was great. This was actually her first time headlining.
Happy Birthday!
Free twitter promotion on the url on my page. Works great for all networks. Try it. BTW, follow 4 follow? :)
This is why people make fun of vegans
you too! Hope to see you again!
#HillerHelps - Pre-Nuptial Agreements should be negotiated without emotions if possible.
FIFA tourney. Hell yeah
yeah! I have a teacup long haired chihuahuah but we jus got its hair cut so it ain't so long
Quote of the Day: “For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind.” — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thanks so much for the RT and enjoy the PBL resources!
Had the best Mother's Day ever with my mom who is the best mom ever! I love you, Jacqueline Goodyear Hoff!
Finally in class! A week late, but in class...where's the profess- whoa. It's a she...a very um...pretty, she...
Oh dang. Wait. What's tonight?
I feel that it's still tight...frankly my leg should be falling off for all the rolling I did last night.
I do stupid things when I'm fd up
Morning fans! Any good shows this weekend?
Cheers to a great season!
#funfact about teeth: Elephant’s molar tooth weighs nearly 4 kilograms and almost 7 square inches.
Who out there is looking for a fresh VST Instrument to give them a sonic edge?
Q: What's your go to stocking stuffer?
We have big plans for the upcoming NFL season......Keep us on your radar....we will be awarding weekly prizes and its free to play!
shots after your show?
true. decisions were made. but, voices should be heard. still think we need that hand written sign :)
Great show last night at The Loft. "Songs for Kids" organization is a wonderful charity that brings music to sick and special needs kids.
#DIFF 2012 Day 8 - The day before the awards...
RT “ do you have any jobs for students after graduation?! I would LOVE to work for you!” <~ Yes w/ ;-)
Even though RT stands for "retweet" I still pronounce it as "rate" because I'm just that cool. ;)
Watching #touched on #fox and I do believe Danny Glover and Keifer Sutherlands voices may be too much for me.
"Pugs Luv Beats: Live!" is fabulous. I can't wait to see you all in March. Feel free to bug about his passport.
I know what the first one will be already!
Is XV ever going to release a proper project?
Pumped for my tax return! $430 buck coming my way, yeah buddy!!
first thing you do: go through it and purge all out-of-date information.
Its not ok to belittle someone just because your mad
Fake fake fake!
90 aircraft, bats game, chow wagon, 58 tons of fireworks, largest pyrotechnic display...
Bring some "tranquil-i-tea" to your week with a refreshing Iced Tea!
ugh..... fine lol ill txt u but im getting really tired so dont get mad if i fall asleep on ya lmao:)
Great article... Perfect read to help with Monday morning choas!
RT : #EWOpinion Rewarding educators financially for student test scores is dangerous, warns teacher Jonathan Keiler....
okay, sounds great!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
you can't until we have Georganne and Eric Month....
he dropped the bass at the end!
I can't help it, I'm addicted to the rubberbands...
no doubt, does it sound good?
yup!!! I WANNA MEET JDB !!! :D my true love doesn't know i exist ..oh well....
Did u know 13 million kids get bullied every year? I support Let's make it a trend:
I know a place where you can get away, it's called a dance floor, and here's what. it's. for.
Getting ready to lead worship with the worship team!!!
Parked my car and stepped out of it right into a huge deep puddle of filthy water. I thought that only happened on tv. :(
“: Don't let a sweet text fool you.”
i'm working from 2pm to 10pm from now on ;) no phones allowed, oh i know i'm gonna miss Julie's tweets :(
forgot how funny the dave chappelle Samuel L. Jackson beer sketch is.
Unconditional love
isn't being against medical cannabis, wrong considering how much gay hiv/aids community support it.
Drinkin every nite cause we drink to my accomplishments.
I feel really sick and u
“: You know the answer to that lol” Z bitch
Checked my DMs. Nothing new since your request for my email. I replied to that earlier.
thanks for the mention
with pe lebrons
Wondering why a helicopter(s) has/have been circling my neighborhood near UNM for 20 minutes.
That site and the Audubon Society are my go-to bird reference sources.
Kicking back relaxing watching a Monday Night Football game for the first time in a very long time....
It's freezing :(
Phillip Phillips in #Idol finale! Shocked Josh didn't make it though. will be next winner for sure!
Eagles,,,Hotel California
I love them days drink up lets get drunk &throw up in the car... Are you bleeding can't think about sex... I heart you guys
i would..but idk where she is.
And just like that, a writing project appears. (Another new blog, and enough to keep me occupied.) More info coming soon!
Why did I come to class today? This is pointless. 11 days til
self-expression is the dominant necessity of human nature
I am so tired of writing words. Please make it stop.
bet... hit my cell when you can,
Is anyone excited about who will win the bikes from ? We will be announcing the winning class tomorrow! :)
All this talk about meat. Really wanna go to , you guys.
Dear All, This is my first time here. ;)
Happy Easter!!
isn't that the truth! Stay blessed beautiful!
hey there friend!
Now I came home changed my outfit and I will be going out to the bar/club with my parents my dad was shocked I thinks he's happy :D yay
Working on dialing in the #social and website deal. My day dreams are of a #Sprinter and a few #bikes rolling through #Utah this fall.
If you know a Timber fan who has recent damage to their Black Honda front & windshield it might be the car who killed a lady last wk. .
Ew. #youcankeepthat Don't forget the foreigners to the north.
yes he is :) so is johnny depp :)
FUCK THE COWBOYS PERIOD.
yeh, what a great spellcheck error
that crew is terrible...
Shit man. He and I are too similar. It's scary sometimes! But sign me up. Ha
hey,you like roses?
She wasnt making fun of me! SHES MY BEST FRIEND! And you guys are making her despressed because you are taking things(c)
How to have a baby on a budget!
RT: “: I'll never leave this city. I'm serious. For all the bad, I can still see the good. #nola”
Why don't you stop while you're ahead?
Our Kentucky derby picks accidentally seem to have a daddy and drugs theme. #CoincidenceOrNeedToSeeTherapist?
“: Why yall joanin me right now. LOL!” u put it out there!
"crazy and deranged, Jay-Z in the Range"
I'm on plane now with Georgia St team and they all have Beats headphones. What do u and the Dawgs have for traveling?
Used Pinterest last week to save a workout to do later...Later is right now! DanceFit <3s fitness and Pinterest!
This.... RT : "unless this little blue dot on my phone is not us, we've been going the wrong direction"
Phone call anyone ?
haha see I can't even type right now.. Wait... Fuck... Ahh
honestly i dont even know... R u getting a short or long dress?
Very true. Bosnia's Muslims in the 90s were more assimilated than N. American Muslims today. It can happen here.
Been outta the tweet scene for a few working on a project... What'd I miss???
Hate this but so true RT : Tim duncan might be the best power forward of all time!
Long story, but I'll just shorten it by muttering about other people's technical decisions.
Whipping out the curling iron
Holy cats, twitter. My apartment is a nightmare. Boxes everywhere! Can't wait until Saturday afternoon when all will be moved...
The real test of the "new" New York Knicks will be how they weather the onslaught of the Miami Heat. Very Interesting!
Cheech and Chong - Up in Boner
BOY HUSH :)
Too puerile to notice
Well ge's growing a mustache that looks stupid. I think his positioning has been questionable & distro is shaky.
: I think you sing 'skyscraper' better than Demi. You should record it again with accompaniment and post it.
No, kid, it's not "The Yucks," nor is it "The Tacos." It's just "Yuck" and "Taco." (Flipping between XMU & '80s On 8 tonight.)
hopefully, we'll be celebrating with city-wide deals! cc:
It is unfulfilled dreams that keep you alive. -Robert Schuller
Despite the high cost of living, it remains popular.
done will #hudak today, mom and my friends are visiting, handing in a final, favorite professor is having a book talk
Aw, poor homeless guy lost his phone and came back looking for it
You look so sexy when you're not talking.
Romney's team scours twitter for clues to coming stories? Thanks #npr but that scares me that they don't know what's wrong without hints!
Don't do that! Gotta watch the 49ers stomp stupid Manning! Stay positive. =)
Genuis, really. I'm going to unfollow and refollow in tribute to such an epic stunt! :)
Thanks. I'm not too sure about anything recent. Takes a while for me to decide, but I put it up there anyway. :-)
Can we just skip pass the bullshxt?
where can u buy the latest twist issue???
in the big D
Great job on Real Time last night. Thanks. Looking forward to Spread.
you are so amazing! Best singer ever :) can you please follow me? its my birthday on the 23rd...<U+2764> please follow!! #Mahomie 9
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishments
dude, do not believe these people. They're slandering for ugly deceiving reasons erase that and friend me.
Tonight is going down @ Cafe 787 6019 West Fullerton On the decks dj and
wooot for driver's ed.... after 2 months of waiting xD
It's so bad its good. With lines like "physically the opposite of Randy Moss" and "Swagger like a cripple" how can you go wrong?
yea I'm kinda far :(
What up gay boy RT : sup fucker
I hope one day you choke on all the shit you talk.
So Rose tore his ACL and is out for the rest of the season.
Stay sharp come see me www.seventysixes.com
Treat your Valentine starting with a romantic Sunday Jazz Brunch with Hot Club of DC at Oro !
#WWEEntranceThemes Demolition, Savage
the last free comic book day cost me $40 in other stuff I bought. how can I be tricked so easily?
I seriously spent a good half hour at work watching the penguin cam today. Good for the spirits but bad for productivity!
One Day Only, August 31, 50% OFF coupon at usabiliTEST.com: HOTSUMMER Please R/T
thanks! I made it a few times but then some drop off ha. Its all good. Thanks for the shout out!
"The great thing in this world is not so much where you stand, as in what direction you are moving." -Oliver Wendell Holmes
the industry wants to pick up kids while they're still young enough to develop...but they don't develop them anymore.
Hey how about !? Is there a more exciting fighter on the roster?
Massive Shout to my girl>>>>>
A sad day for '70s breakfast: obits in today's Times for Murray Lender and one of the inventors of Mr. Coffee.
they said ostracize on spongebob. thats a vocab word.
you staying for the Film as well as Music weeks?
": Women, we must start lifting one another up more. Drop the feelings of feeling threatened, & embrace feeling beautiful."
something in my gut tells me that I'm gonna meet one of these days. I just feel it! :) #isoundlikeaweirdo lol
#LTNY top topics for law firm CIOs are data mobility and data security. these topics go hand-in-hand.
I can, but it's not as satisfying.
Hard Rock Cafe is hosting a Monthly Guitar playing contest in New Orleans called "AxeOffUSA". WIN $3000! Pass it on www.AxeOffUSA.com
who is brookey
Looking forward to the Joy Wave show () tonight at the Planetarium ()! CC:
Having lunch with my favorite girl...
lets go! ;p haha!
Always amazed by ! Your a very talented photographer!!!
Thanks !! And we will (:
favorite football team?
PSA: Our pinball tables will be reserved for a casual tournament tonight from 6:30-8pm. Want to play? Ask for Aaron or Isaac upstairs!
I look like a crazy person cheering out loud at the dodgers game in my car
Just made it
it feels like 3am and like i just went to bed at 1 am.
The way she act like she dont want to admit , she deserve an oscur .
Sure would be nice of this weather held. Just sayin.
“: STRESSED spelled backwards is DESSERTS. #stevec”
we are honored + excited to provide blogging support and expertise :) we'll make a great team! c u in your inbox soon!
you only missed some jackass exposing himself
Downloaded Fifty Shades of Grey on my #kindle. Can't wait to read what all the hype is about!
Troubled that tea is the fourth ingredient of the botted green tea I had with lunch.
off to make dinner, and have a little vodka :)
my moms tumors were benign
Been out shopping all day! Wonder whats next?
Studio Day! Gracie's fort need's finishin!
Finished another course today.
There are some scary people working at the chilis in the west palm beach airport....
lol yeah I know but I don't!
something from Jersey Boys. It honestly fits with Rufus, just not my tastes. Thanks for responding though.
Thanks to , I am now craving Greek frozen yogurt. As if I didn't have enough problems.
you cant trust anyone anymore...
Meet the boyz That's All I really Want To Do...
1st stop? Not bad! When's the grand arrival???
I have anger issues.
yeehaw! and Dre and I met yr son on the RVIP party bus. Ao many library worlds colliding! thanks 4 the retweet!
it's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah
#welcomeToChicago you get caught driving with one bag of weed you will get a $1000 fine and your car impounded....
Thanks! I will!
Hey lady, how are you?
We look forward to it - Thank you!
Money an time,, wanting endles amounts of gop until time stops
thank you!
Just saw "Green Zone," an excellent view of what really happened in Iraq. Why aren't any of those jokers being prosecuted?
:| RT : If he had a jumpshot he'd be the best pg of all time RT : Rondo is the best pg in the nba
oh, you start the tweet with "oh", insert an observation, and end with a question? Are you Willy Wonka?
what the hell is this
I hate the Fakers more
Making my video.. Who wants to be in it? Say it now
I would ask you for a code nicely.
there are about 30 dirty jokes I can make from that statement, nuff said
yeah true. its like a virus. One person gets infected, then everyone does it. Im no exception.
what footwear do you wear for work & what line of work is that? Are they comfortable. I'm a nurse, trying to find a pair
Official Practice and the VCU Coaches Clinic getting closer and closer. We hope to see you at Franklin St. Gym October 22nd.
I can't even be mad that Prince was just intentionally walked. CC is terrible.
someone bring me gingerale ugh :c
I think it's awesome that when I entered gibberish into "I Write Like," it came back with "James Joyce."
And its for the win!! Way to go Furcal!
im gonna go do some reading now guys goodnight
Today my lil brother Eli turns 19... Time sure does fly :)
"thank u : "Dear God, Bless the family you gave me and bless the people that"s reading this tweet Amen, RT# Godisgood.""
Check Out DJ Radyus of Chris Styles' DJs Friday 9pm-close.
Thanks so much or the suggestion to
SUMMER is quickly approaching and I have ZERO problem with that.
*they. Learn2calmthefuckdownandnotbesosassy. But yeah that really sucks. Parks and Rec is my favorite show.
How so?! Drop us an email and we'll help you out. Thanks for your feedback!
The "southern accent" vo American Masters uses in the biography of Margaret Mitchell makes it totally unbearable to watch.
haha mine 2 4sure.i dont realy tweet her much as other ppl kuz i noe she can get frustrated and i dnt want that
Sleeped half my damn day away..
Lover Lay Down (especially on Saturday for my birthday!) and bring back For The Beauty of Wynona. #1 and #2 on my song bucket list
Dang it Texas is done; screw the cardinals
its a beautiful thing to build ur life together sharing the ups & Downs celebrating successes & mourning losses
Thanks to everyone who came ought to the Sun Prairie Tweetup! #sptu Now we just need Eddie's Alehouse to get wireless access for us!
congrats to you!
As far as self-promotion goes, that was pretty tame...
Very cool! Maybe this will be a useful tool for understanding some of the more obscure historical figures we teach about!
Hey I #WantAnR8 just so I can grasp a sliver of the sophisticated swag that has :)
A couple who was having marital problem were found dead at home...murder/suicide Y would u kill yourself after finally being rid of ur thorn
totally agree
for 2011: May jobs increase,, poverty and hunger decrease, and may teabaggers finally understand the Constitution they claim to love. OK.
Happy Bday 2 Ravens owner Steve B"
Today, after getting attacked by a wave, we met and jammed with a bunch of strangers at the beach. Awesome!!!
aw! Thank you so much hun! You're pretty amazing yourself :)
What a day
thanks for having us! twas a raucous and sweaty adventure
AH #AngelsAndGentlemen COMES OUT TOMORROW AH CANT WAIT AH I CANT STOP SCREAMING!!!! AH
i am bi polar to the fullest
More exciting developments around #Beertown & #Akillinggame this week. Must be the lead up to our birthday week that starts Sun, April 1
Shut up stupid
Do you have any hidden talents?
If Dogs Could Fly I Wouldn’t Go Out As Much
changing the company name to Gossip Troll
#Taurus always stand tall.
RT : I recently read an article on the bad effects of heavy drinking, So that's it I'm done.....after today....No more reading
Can't wait for Boston Hotel tonight with all my Akron loves. I can already tell this is going to be a fantastic birthday week <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
RT Don't sweat the small stuff is incredibly bad advice to take if you're interested in quality. [aka the devil is in details]
We specialize in all things beauty:
u shud :D..i think its cool there,.nd ull find a cheap hotel too. :)) ;))
Hanger bolt drivers are very difficult to locate locally. Can get them on Amazon, but not for a few days.
Cole World
That #1 guy for the #Knicks just took it to the hole like a BOSS!!!
If wifey has a full-time job too.
thanks P:
That performance was great but Bruno was robbed.
Changing diet and getting a workout routine were first on the list.
students now demostrating at Tubman, one of two #nopo schools to close under austerity budget
Please remember to like my page! I really do appreciate it! <3
No day but today ~ From Broadway Musical 'Rent'
Girls night but I would rather be at home by 7 to watch Hardball
#Bizforum context and content are two sides of the same coin.
La Caida de Edgar (el original)
4 minutes doesn't seem like enough.
told myself i am going to sleep at one no matter what.
Dear Maybe rush hour isn't the best time to be training a new driver how to drive a route.
what time is it over there?!
I apologize for any inconvenience I may have caused you... RT
thinks he's sneaky hiding behind :p
Third time in a month that one of my parents is in the hospital. Found the one thing worse than doing my taxes
G #Night!~"Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men."~Goethe via |#Gratitude & G#Day~n~OTZ's~xo!
I followed you
I think it's the divide between work + rest of life that causes imbalance, esp. for creative fields.
people who never turned they back on me ever. my friends +
I have a 10 passenger Chrysler 300 available for tomorrow night our rate is $65/hour and includes a bottle of champagne
holy happiness is right! Nice!
Definitely I will tell everyone about it! Keep in touch!!!! :)
Sounds cute! RT : #wearing blk cords, blk t, blk swing sweater jacket, peeptoes, chunky colored gem Queen Bee necklace
burnt my lip on my coffee mug
#afrofuturism Artist Staycee Pearl staging movement + sound piece called "Octavia" at KST
Biaaaaaaaaaaaaaatch RT : What's my favorite word?! *2 short voice.
isn't minimum wage in San Francisco nearly $12/hr? Oh dear...
Relationships are between love and love
Is it really that hard to just do your job?! I'm sick of babysitting and picking up the mess because u feel like slacking off.
people just tweet the same things I wanna tweet, before I do... If that makes sense
nice, let us know when you need a rug will give you a good deal ;)
Bernie williams is in sam ash right now lol he's nasty at guitar
Soundtrack for Contracts class reading: #AlGreen's "Take Me to the River." #nowplaying in
and alas, there it is, one Wookie, still no medal. Maybe Lucas isn't the man we all thought he was.
Note to self: start checking weather reports before taking public transportation.
#Tebow is like the bizarro Lebron, he must have traded all his 4th quarters in for
hm I bet u taste like mountain dew and starburts
We did Just need to find a way to break it to one of the girls that the dog just devoured her entire basket. Eek.
Did Cena Finally Embrace the Hate?
don't even start with the hunter to chicago suggestions please.
Green Mounster Voted moust Nutritious Drink in Town! Made to order come and get yours today.....
yep. thank yoou (:
Thanks for following! =) xoxoxo
hey ! Can I come over after school? Ha just to hang out??? :P
addicted to mafia wars
Tom Condon is woefully conflicted in his representation of Alex Smith and Peyton Manning. Smith needs Jerry Maguire.
Keep an open mind for greatness
lol that's a good one too
Sometimes there's nothing scarier than the prospect of getting exactly what you want...
I named my iPod 'Titanic' so when I enter it in iTunes it says 'Syncing Titanic' and I feel like a hero when I press 'Cancel'
For what its worth: #Browns visited with WR's Edmund Gates, Jerrel Jernigan, and Greg Salas. All likely 3rd to 4th rounders - no 3rd now.
Today was and is a great day. In my new office, had 2 meetings w/ #casting #directors, did my morning #p90x (first time in a while)
sure but maybe tomorrow cause wen I press followed it says cannot follow this user so can I follow tomorrow??
Waiting for my babe to come back , so we can continue watching anime <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Dr pepper 10 is dumb.
Following route of the Trans alaska pipeline
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
Will Alienware computers be getting the new Ivy Bridge chips when they come out on April 29?
WHAT THE FUCK KIND OF GRANDMA PUTS 3 TABLESPOONS OF BUTTER IN HER PANCAKE RECIPE?
and so much less fun when it's not working!
thanks! Lol I'll be like, Nick.. MARRY HER, LAWL.
Final details for SUPERDRAFT2010 being put to bed...
Mentor Spotlight: Cyril Ebersweiler and the China Market
What up doe ima be performin with you at the coast2coast in LA
LOL. I thought your #pug looked great. The only dog that should have been upset was the Chia Pug :-)
You are most welcome! It was a great time with such delightful, amenable people.
“: Hi Em! You are just about to deliver right? ”hi! She came a week early April 19 :)
Dude I only have at most 100. That's nuts
Good morning I need some coffee! <U+2615>
i'm truly honored by your tweet! :)
Fashion show, live bands, DJ, Art show and more this Sat. outside the Geisha House in Santa Ana from 2 to 8pm. All proceeds benefit CHOC!
When my moms pissed, she takes my brother and leaves the house without saying anything. While im gone.
You're always so good to me! Thanks. :) I just need to get fit again & get out of this slump. Yay for pals like you to encourage!
Aww that's awesome! That will be fun!!
Well, It's so fun.
absolutely! I mean, its only 5 Ks. That's like a mile, right?
Do you have the GUTS to change?
haha, I like that last hashtag!
Playing outside at Universal Studios Blues Brothers show today......is it hot yet????
Follow this and you will thank me -->
okay, I get it. My family is taking their sweet time. They knew I had plans with you. I'm sorry. Have a nice day.
One man arrested in meth ring has connections to La Familia drug cartel.
Everyone has baggage, what's yours?
Going back to the hotel!!!!
Why Do People Who Go To Drake Concerts He Sucks <<<
.....Its that Heatmeiser, who came to ruin Christmas
yes she does
Better 2nd half. We finished off strong.
you said everyone is irriplacable
that's what happened with me and Twilight. So I shouldn't start this. Although I read terrible romance
That's awesome :) I'm glad you love it.
secret meeting if it went well and shit got handled then why the all the bullshit. You would think you'd want
Sitting in an office all day is not conducive to my tan.
mcdonaldssss here i come !
88 is a funny number, when you're talking about number of pages in an Internet policy.
if someone u know is down pick them up... someone has picked u up before so pay it forward
Draft: who would be an ideal fit w/ DALLAS at No.17? I believe Dion Waiters does things the Mavs need at the 2-guard spot.
soo can I cook my beef patty there ? Lmao.
RT : RT : It matters what Obama was fed when he was 9, but not who #MittRomney bullied when he was 18
#StaySafe #Tip: Watch out for counterfeit meds: look for strange smell, taste or color, or poor-quality packaging.
hey when are you coming too houston ??
What'd he do?
Will be interviewing a 95 year old daughter of a real confederate soldier for Austin Community Newspapers.
watching #Psych season 3
Filming today..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
#owasp Orlando Things I liked: engaging attendees in dialog about what their interests were and getting to know chapter
we have that too.
I remind myself every morning: Nothing I say this day will teach me anything. So if I'm going to learn, I must do it by listening.Larry King
thank you Kayo, welcome back
Bitch you don't know me. I don't know what makes you think otherwise.
3 - the Advocator. Thanks for putting me in the same category with Nelson Mandela!
I don't feel good. Don't bother me
you're so cute. Missed having you on tv every week!
Happy Columbus Day!
the Dukan Diet and no that doesn't involve eating donuts. Ahem,
A whole lotta mayan 2012 wrath pouring from the sky tonight in hillsboro
Good luck!
when I walk in the spot, yeah, this is what I see, everybody stops and they staring at me. Totally just like <U+2665>
You're killing me
I Cried When I heard Ghostbusters 3 was just a rumor
we need to get together and start, cause I really want to make a movie
I was so freaking close to dying my hair a gingery color for this show...but I didn't because I wouldnt be a true ginger. :C
Follow Back. Superior Apparel Is Comin Back Hard!!
y not
How about Tony Slush?
ur faviorate food is pink lady apples your moms speghetti or maybe i know way too much about u dont think im wierd please
#followfriday The greatest, smartest, most handsome and charming guy I know: Really, no need to thank me, man. My pleasure.
7 days until the #LAWalkNowforAutismSpeaks @ the Rose Bowl in Pasadena April 21st 8am resource fair, 10am walk start! Come out and join us!
I will be hosting a dinner in Dallas to benefit the Women's Shelter. Want to attend? Let me know :)
S/o to for the effort! Check our Facebook... RT S/o to Because I want a free sweater.
What is the name of Daniel Bedingfield's hit-making sister? A) Kylie B) Anastacia C) Chantal D) Natasha
My running pace is getting faster but my legs are feeling the pain of that gain. Grrr.
Steve Hinson trips on a Halloween decoration at the studio and - "Bobby, get my phone! I've got Bart Durham on speed dial!"
same for men beauty fades either way. u so right
lol I love Bk and Denny
If there was a movie of the early history of the Methodists' Malaysia Mission, there would be so many celebrity cameos.
The people on True Blood are terrible at cleaning up after vampire stakings. Who would clean up blood with a bucket half-filled with water?
so when are you coming to #milwaukee to visit love??
I am loving Madonna's new video for Girl Gone Wild...girl be looking hot! Love the guys in heels!
Beauty is the promise of happiness. - Edmund Burke
Job Tip: Showing excitement for a job during an interview is the number 1 way to get hired!
Because they did not draft their QB of the future 2 rounds earlier. My guess.
Good for setting new goals and WOs. Small setback just a reminder to keep up ur good work of 3 years!
Mario Gomez last minute
I got way too much to be wit you , you a liability so I'm cutting you loose
welcome back, bro
I'm in pain! Damn workout in Aerobics class has me hurting from tummy down! :-(
Thanks! I really believe I am VERY lucky and blessed! Any luck finding a new job?
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do. ~Rumi
Great to see you too Emily. Let me know if you try the cress! I'm making spinach quiche today for dinner!
oh thats ok, its fine :)
It's gonna be a Holy Ghost meeting at United Christian Church in the morning 10am Powerful Worship and preaching the (LOVE of GOD)
Yes ma'am! And there's lots of brainpower behind us!
Thank God for phone service. Early morning island clean up, swimming , dinner, then bonfire. Im loving it
would be cool if Twitter was a social network for assassins. like.... hey guys, i just off'd Spencer Pratt!.... 500 + Stars 500 + Retweets
Spent 2 hours reading about social remembering. Then checked email/social networking -- whoa! theory in action -- so much remembering today.
Im dead serious..
Happy Monday for everyone and wishing all of you a great week!
And now the montage of the most overrated films of the past century.
We will see the Slippers on Sunday
u're right!! she's Amazing, I'm already a fan wow.
We are here @ King Soopers, 19711 S. Smoky Hill Rd until 4pm. Sample our chorizo and Italian sausage.
Thanks for the #FF. We'd love to send you an article on the Dale Evans project for your blog or "Horse News". Let us know!
Thanks guys. How is the competition going? Been keeping up with you all a bit.
Now that is classic Brewers baseball
oh my god , only you would check
Yep. Its lookin good.
I yawned right before I read that xD
I'm telling Justin to follow EVERYONE who follows :)
Mini-review of PF Chang's: At least the fortune cookie was good.
Hey man! I live in DC, play drums, and work in advertising too. Too bad I missed you at the #WCW event. Will catch you later.
looks like were both in The industry show love...I'll show love back
thanks man! Appreciate it.
The only time adult men should wear a sports jersey is when A) they are playing a sport B) they are at a sporting event.
sorry captain. Let me get RIGHT on that.
I'll get pics during the coffee break!
Anon.~ A poet is someone who is astonished by everything.
they got alot of white girls here!!!
LOL. Thank you! It was fun for sure!! Glad you made it there too!! :)
Dear #bostonmarathon: 82 is not "blistering heat". Come to NC in Aug. You'll sing love songs to 82 degree days.
Very cool discussion about Digital Darwinism from at #LiNC Adapt/Evolve or Die
my throat kills.... thanks
Awesome...looking forward to what you guys lay down!!
Don't forget about the Acoustic Performance from @ Darkside Records & Gallery next Saturday!
Just keep being your loving self, and I'll eventually release the barriers to receiving love w/o resistance. This hasn't been easy for me.
How bad does Jimmy Johnson need cash if he is doing commercials for extenze
6 days of class left.
Good thing I have a one pound tub.
hahaha me too I keep reading her posts n I just laugh. Id love to speke my mind buy I can't ahahh
Just rmbrd your "fuck you and yo feature" lol verse you spit...i think you need a sampled and mellow version...i got that!
which was an interface that the Nike one didn't have at the time. I'd be curious to know how it works out for you though.
this time next week we will be getting ready to leave!!!! Ah!!!!!
I have no problems with the current restrictions on transfers, Nat'l media went overboard and didn't have full understanding
Damn it... I might be getting #tebow fever too
Im jealous is at perfect north...
Um.. its like Summer honey :)
#Epic RT "keep it rockin" (Miami mix) ft & more coming soon!
At Zappos today! We are giving out free samples of a new item- Grass fed Jamaican meat pies! Give us your feed back!
Sometimes I wish I had a 90s Grand Cherokee with a cassette deck.
Too bad Andy Rooney's retiring from 60 Minutes. But we heard his eyebrows got a spinoff.
City of Chicago has put out to bid its human services contracts at the same time. Some providers hve told me they fear for their survival.
I let you know what my thoughts is.
I rather be looked at as a Beautiful Woman...than a bad b****.
Mainstream people make me vom,plz get ur own style hunnysss x
So #Redsox pitchers have there thumbs up their ass!!!
You're too kind, sir. I'm beginning to wonder if they actually update the chart month-month over the summer... :)
is it sad that I had to think a moment to identify if that was me...?
Watching American pie!
and it's optimistic** :P <-- not the ladies' fault
Jabari Parker best high school basketball player since LeBron.
Hi Steve, looking for someone to help do some CSS3 skinning of a phonegap/sencha app. About two weeks worth. Any thoughts?
Who are they to say you can't. When God says you can?
I am happy to announce that I have accepted the position of Interim Executive Director for the 27th Street Business Association (aka Histor…
watch the queens tomorrow night on espn 2 at 7pm
Going and buying my ticket for next week. Jelly? Ah (:
Damn... Gotta love this florida sunshine!!<U+E04A>
Learners are pigeons. would say your reaction to that based on prior experiences. Should've attended his #astdTK12 session.
Yikes! Be careful! RT : BREAKING: I-40 closed due to fire east of Santa Rosa: Police say several structures are burning in a...
you're talking about me... Duhh...
but that will just make the HULK more angry which makes him STRONGER
Wen i get this job, ima give my parents money n keel that shit going
I never play curveball. Ever. Unless I'm in this one class.
Chicago Bulls and Atlanta Hawks, great way to brighten up a dark and solemn day
#vsa2011 "When the cook tastes the soup,that's formative;when the guests taste the soup,that's summative" ex unclear evaluation explanation
Wtf im not fat
IT'S HEREEREE!!! THE DAY WEVE BEEN WAITIN FOR!
Who loves dr pepper
More scenes of Ana stammering & thinking to herself about how hawt Christian is. This was a Twific originally, so I can't be too surprised.
Prepped soil samples today from Thomas Jefferson's Monticello.
Praying #cowboys Fumble the Ball ... Dear God I'll Be Thankful for A Dolphins Win....
and the fine was "doubled" because it was in a "work zone" *extreme sarcasm* fuck this place get me in the corps
no problem(:
I'm watching allen gregory on demand:0
your fault *shrugs* <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I was up 10 feet/points but had the 7th inning when the coaches decided to change pitchers a lot. WHOMP.
Who is your Derby Pick?
-- white chrysanthemum's / unchanged shadow / print of the moon #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
[Missing someone is] about that very moment when you're doing something, and you wish that they were right there with you. 2/2
woman on my block walks Muffin's twin everyday :)
Oh I agree 100%. The whole team is garbage. He's probably hoping they get AD23 in the draft.
NO! IT'S A TRAP!
Be happy. It's one way of being wise. Sidonie Gabrielle Colette
I'm raping that vote button
hey you suck!
i remember when bush had a mandate.
it's tomorrow?! Are you two still going?
where have u been ! :( urghh i miss ya.. Come to ohio:)
I remember feeling that way but I bet you look fantastic. Do you know what you are having?
Goodnight young world (:
Thanks for mentioning us!
thanks for all the RT love! You are appreciated!!!!
Ahh, you got to love the stat though.
G'morning! Looks like its gonna be a beautiful day in the city! Xoxo!
Going out and making all these wrong decisions,
Roll tide roll
Want more #SXSW? Check out the hashtag link and/or follow xo
Want to go to the Colts game on Thurs? T.O. and Ocho vs. Peyton et al? I have two $80 tickets...make me a deal!
ucla is getting smoked
...but what I love even more is when you're not on sportsnation...only time I watch
Tonight we PARTY at YOLO Lounge : Sounds by Early arrival is highly suggested!
He is innocent, plain and simple.
Watching Despicable Me , so cute <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5>
Baseball UPDATE: Point Park 2, Taylor 2 thru 5 inn. Clark still on for his 6th inn of work.
Friday Nite Fire going in as usual!!!
There's a spot on the 4th floor of the ACC where instantly you know you've crossed from Interactive to Film just by the clothes :)
I'm impressed with New Orleans in this series, I thought they would be a problem for LA, but not as bad as the Hornets have been
I now say to all my number so even at JB 'call me??
Ravens are on the clock
RedOakDiner gets #ripetomato for FOOD #rottentomato for SERVICE But Keep Trying! We'll Be Back!
Big Things Are Coming: Warriors Set To Host Clippers On Christmas Night
There are 200,000 Christian prisoners in North Korea today
Stay dry at today! No seriously use caution. Truax main entrance closed due to water leak. Entrance next to cafeteria open.
can you be more specific? I'd love to hear about your insights into our fundamental mistakes!
Wipe it free: secure wiping software - CSO Magazine
#FemaleAttentionSeekingStatusUpdates i am so ugly < bout fucking time u noticed -_-
great write-up and cute pic! congrats!
At the for #MaryPoppins on broadway... Pretty excited. Watch the movie !!
Just commented on how few CBs were taken in the 2nd. 2 more taken. Maybe it's time for Brandon Boykin and Jamal Fleming to be picked.
no matter how old i get i will still love justin!!!!RT i8f yu wil to!~:)
If I had a nickle...:-) RT greenrock is terrible without you
Lynn Greene on driving attendance to conferences. Very expr'd + energetic good stuff.
Today was awesome and beautiful. Please stay sunshine!!
RT : But the discourse is presented in such a way that the white man and woman have only problems but can never be "backward"
Just saw ! Gah!
Check out my Dm dudes XP RT ": sure :D i can learn you dancing :p"
#Superbowl Sunday! has 15 flat screens to watch superbowl ads, dozens of beers on tap, tons of wings, & even an eating contest!
Triple double for bynum
Oh you! Maybe a little ego. Please pin something else besides a shoe.
Krejci scored...on a power play...what's going on here
Dear sunshine, Go away. No one wants you here. love, Jodi<3
#C19 panel and paper proposals due in one month. keep 'em coming!
oh lord, a very short segue into vibrators - no idea where that came from... JET LAG
Lead guitarist for The Moldy Peaches, toured w The Strokes & Regina Spektor - Jack Dishel to play ! FRIDAY 11/11 9:30 !
This week, I study and go to work. And that's it. Maybe a movie. I need a boring week.
RIP Steve!
practice, practice, and no worries - you shine through any spelling mistakes
I #Pledge Allegiance #ToTheEarth and declare #EarthResources the #heritage for
Hello and happy stalking ...
seeping isn't an option for me
Finally! First ever tweet! Hola!
Bad bitches only.
I don't think that was a legitimate debate.
preparing to sing kareoke
Shoobe yelled at me today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA> i swear i was about to cry
thanks for letting us know!!!!
how are you feeling? have you gone in and gotten any tests done? Praying for you! Also hate 2 say this but tonight:
in LMNL annotations can be marked up and can have metadata inside it.
New recommendations this weekend: Tabaq (Clybourn/Division) for Pakistani and Bocadillos (Orleans/Oak) for closest to Sudanese (Moroccan).
why don't you let Claire fight her own battles?
Thank you for the FF!
Happy Birthday ! :)
Tell your friend's band to follow me and I'll help em out.
thanks! Another question, were the consultants even qualified/credentiales/experienced to do what they were hired to do?
Feeling like you wise Truth be told, it’s all lies These the days of our lives Why you wasting all of your time?
Heard ladies chatting about crackle nail polish yesterday..not sure if remembering '99's Cover Girl Crackle Lacquer makes me trendy or lame.
Was on division 4 Broadcom at Aliso viejo but they moved to div 5 so i'm looking for a team and play at shoot to score on Tuesday nights
haha, no, I wish it was Italy. It's one of the neighborhoods here in Seattle. :)
Coworker quote: "Probably too promiscuous to donate an organ like this girl." I've never been so thankful for hand sanitizer.
RT Retweet this if you've never been a groupie & always keep it trill.
Roosters with the crew for dinner-BH
And I hate Missouri! But I just can't trust docs in my home state any more.
Just wondering why Tennessee picked up Moss if they are not going to even attempt to get him involved.
congratulations. you ruined my day.
Thanks, Zoe. You're quite impressive. Any chance of you & Lee Child writing a thriller together? Seems like a perfect match.
EXCUSE ME??? BRAT?? LOL
: NYC High maintenance high reward
Did you know that country music legend Kathy Mattea grew up in Kanawha Co., and attended WVU before winning Grammys and topping the charts!
nobody u no or talk 2 wat class u in
personally I hope neither of the states MSU or OSU make it that far
Enjoying a delectable slice of the Orient on the edge of GH. You guessed it: Thai Chili Jam. So tasty.
Choosing theme music is hard. Fun, but hard.
mama mahone is following us! yayyy! :)
No you look like you want yo ass whooped all the way to school !
1st Palin on the today show & now this? Making me really think about not watching anymore
The negative is the equivalent of the composer's score, and the print the performance. -Ansel Adams
Jim Stevens Trio playing in #stlouis tomorrow night from 9pm-12am. Come for dinner, stay for
Loving the jazz in "shadows" Great student film
Officially going up to west point with my brother March 30th for a huhe paintball game.
hello universe. i'm ready for love again. thank you.
Pay attention to your users. Find your power users & meet with them to interact & find what they love & hate about your company.
FOREVER YOUNG...I WANNA BE FOREVER YOUNG!
Watching I am legend. Doggy just died :( I hate that part. She looked just like my puppy
#Nuts: #Peanut is the only nut that grows in a pod under the ground. It is rich in #protein, #fat, #vitamins and
YIKES “: Thats it, that's all. Phils fall 6-2 to Marlins in the home opener.”
No school today but still feel like im in a crappy mood :P
The pressure's on . . .“: Since is in this #blend12 session . . . letting her do all the heavy tweeting...”
I use XQuery as it's what I learned at MarkLogic and so far has always worked for me. #notinteresting But interested in replies u get
It's time for some lunch! If you're in the U District you should stop by for a tasty grass fed burger with some hand-cut frites!
Hello, neighbor
At last....Etta James is dead
love it!!! :-) #roadron, chi town here we come!
#PSA if you haven't had a booster shot for Whooping Cough, get one! I'm 53 and this disease has laid me flat out. Call yr doc & schedule.
#DEATHSQAUD and #DSQfamily is there a #icehousecchronicles tonight? & when ?
So bored./:
Tanya Youtube is a whore, and no one should associate with her.
DEAR EVELYN FROM #basketballwives U R WHACK ASS SHIT FOR GETTING ON TOP OF THAT TABLE TO FIGHT.... GROW THE FUCK UP...
I am using a I phone 4s and I like saying funny jokes at sereri it's so fun
It's Robert Burns day. Celebrating by having some scotch. And I think I figured out why it's not celebrated like St. Patrick's Day.
HOMESLICE! what up, sorry i missed your event
You might be a redneck if : the Halloween pumpkin on you porch has more teeth than your spouse .
AYE YO SEAN YOU MISTAH KINGSTON!
Happy Hanukkah! Libros is open W - F, 12 - 6 this week, and 12 - 3 on Saturday. After Saturday, we're closed until 2012. Swing by & say hi!
Boxers or briefs?
That last shot is my favorite, Iain. Well done. I enjoy long exposures at nightbfot the same reasons.
Thank you for the follow! I applied for your Social Media Street Team. I hope to see you at Stage AE!
yea me to
Very cool.
can't lie I was thinking that too
sup boo?!
Don't mind if I do, Florida.
why but niggas love to freak me
Thanks Marshians!!! Much Love!
Omg there ha RT : You can't make this up, Tebow passed for 316 yards, yes as in 3:16.
let's write it! I love it! What is Alessandri up to these days anyway?
This workin everyday thing gotta get use to it again. A nigha tired/
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Dead Man Walking
have you figured this out yet Randy?
you think? I had to polish some 100 year old guys teeth today that had month old lunch on his teeth!! Literally 100 born 1912!
Me! I'm the Lucy one ": When #Libra believes they found true love, there is one very lucky person on this planet."
my hair might fall out by the end of the day. JUST CALL ME FALL OUT GIRL ~*~*~*~yolo~*~*~
um I leave tomorrow! Morning
At this rate Pitt won't win the game cuz they can't take a hit and r playing like a bunch of _______!
wow! Had no idea it went back that far, although it has an anachronistic ring to it. Thanks! Great title.
Carter looking like drake background singer in his avi
'cause there's not a workable mobile plat for locating collection items? As a way to use 7yr machines? Some peeps r only in 4 bks?
Never tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 15
Great meeting you! Try to stay out of the rain. Hope to see you next time I'm in town. -Allie ( )
yay, i finally reached 800 followers ^-^
Les Fleurs has flowers and gifts now for mom. #Mothersday is this Sunday!
It really was inspiring. Amazing how much impact can come from some old sheets of paper.
Everyone's at the mall today!I saw Sandy and Samantha!:b
street king is the best invention ever
Watching Jaded bring some energy!
The dryers at morrill keep eating my clothes. Specifically my spandex and socks.
Enjoy the day!
Being my Pens arent in it,gotta root for the Caps and my twitter pal Alex Semin,good luck #28.kick butt
no you don't, loser.
@ National Night Out
It is a basic play to make as #terran and the first one you should master
still waiting for mine. Thanks.
me too!! I've studied this era a lot over my years. This is a great program.
Mani/pedi, brownies and movies with my 16 y.o. cousin tonight. Anything to feel happy.
Does anyone want to be in the video im making for the iconic boyz?
Going to let tell you about Bridget the Midget (she refers to herself as such...no midgets were hurt in this tweet)
Just 2 warn others: has great cust. service w/1 exception: if u take 40 days to pay bill, they'll shut your sites down w/out notice
eww no abs not i hate them
If life is an ocean and you're a sail boat then the setting of your sail is your goals and opportunity the wind. Breezes may come and go....
i knew exactly what you meant. I just think its funny. (:
Let it Beer! Beatles and Beer all day. Just tapped Weyerbacher Old Heathen Imperial Stout. A naughty little beer.
Hey Kelly - thanks for connecting. :) We'd love to hear more about what you're doing.
Service starts @ 10 but I'll go up around 11. If you can't make it please send forth mighty prayers!
lucky.ive been missing out on shows lately
Pittsford Pomodoros tonight. $25 for a pairing for all 5 beers and the menu is amazing. See you there.
At church <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
was it fiber pancakes again? Haha
how long have you been doing web development man?
just noticed that is following me...AWESOME! (=
we've updated our tours page with slideshows, pop-out audio, and an easier to use map. take an e-tour on your lunchbreak!
Hey Vic could you PLEASE notice this amazing victorian ? WE LOVE YOU <U+2665>
Hope we sneak up on some people but still get a top-5 pick you mean, right?
then get some skull candys.
Dang I really wish I could go see Obama speak at my school!!
hai its cady.(: <U+2665> follow me if ya want
RT #azerbaijan FM official: raising the issue of rights in AZ is a "waste of time to raise" at the #igf2012 open consultation !
I hate when I can't talk to the people I really want to
"You know -- there are good Republicans too. I'm very tolerant" at #pcaaca (seriously, LGBT rights is a bipartisan issue)
is stopping me from doing my homework.
As long as I got my BANANA PUDDING,.im happy!!
very true! Haha, but that blueberry muffin sure was good!
-you ass :) please no. I hate the renditions of pop songs they sing too. Man oh man...
People like my pink tie ^.^
Tapping a fresh keg of Port Brewing Hop 15. Come fill a growler and have a pint for $3 while you wait.
O ARD...BET, STAY TUNED, MIGHT CAN MAKE SOMETHING HAPPEN WITH THAT
and also i could of met cel yesterday but i didn't see him and he does look rather dashing on his icon.
all worthwhile, I assure you. Also, all things I would be doing were I there.
I can't believe I missed that session!
I am getting the same stupid message.
Thank you darling. Having great children like you, and make being a dad wonderful. Love you!
''There is no way to happiness. Happiness is the way.'' - Mahatma Gandhi
#dearpublisher how do you expect anyone other than big's like AMZN, APPL, BN, GOOG to sell your ebooks? Make it easier & your mrkt will grow
I'm looking at Jason Chimera to make an impact in this game. He loves torturing the Rangers.
I've lost a son at the age if 13 due to illness.. A child shouldn't go because of a act of stupidity to another.. So sorry<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Did you know Destroyer and I are going to the game, too?
yes just not very often. about once every other month :-)
Took #alphabrain before bed last night. Intense dreams. 6 hours sleep felt like 10. Woke before alarm Absolutely fantastic. Thx
this is one opposing view I have w/my President.
How's the Eds baseball team doing in Myrtle ?
some ones addicted
this little girl was like "shes ugly" and then she stuck her toung out at me, called me a meany while her mom just sat there
What do you want???!!
LOVE IT! Happy Easter!
Even better!
Morning all! Burning this friendly before class. High in class = high scores lol!
#Liverpool WANTS
Indy is a hotbed for national cycling
Reminding everyone to check out my friend tonight. His show Beyond Belief premieres on OWN EST
because we've told them what to prioritize. It's more complicated. Anyway, good luck. I'm going back to work.
Unlike in prison, in this case dropping the SOPA was a good thing.
Steve Rosenbloom always wants to trade Patrick Kane. He has like some sort of Kane Vendetta?
you and me both
Hated dead island, and now loves it.
Excited that will be speaking at the #Marist commencement.
Want to play me on the app "Draw Something"? Here's my username: mikenewsbears
#bitchimonthesouthside extra reckless
Let's hope this blisteringly hot caffeine works - I've got over 12 hours to go
my daughter said the Indy show was the best in the world!! Happiest girl in the world # teambreezy
new emoji 2 ! It's a doll
Stoked to join you all! See you in a month.
ahaha I'm joking jeez ! <3 text me poop
Not leaving till she's over!!!!!
you are much too adorable
INNOCENT BYSTANDER BLACK Funny Adult Ringer T-shirt – White/Navy
You ain't nothin' but a use to'
Ditto. rt Fine, I'll pick up my kid from school, but I'm not talking to the other parents or whatever.
You are so amazing. So talented. So handsome. AHH this #Mahomie will never leave you ! <#
Ill crank yours...watch!
never tweet when tired! bad things happen... like that.
Looking forward to getting some info getting certifications tomorrow for new business. :-)
#np Cinema - Jason Evigan YouTube it. Now. You're welcome.
Talking to always makes me feel better.
yup :p it sucks
Hey! Just sending some love to our favorite ppl in SLC! Hit us up if you need anything!
i feel like every year the oscars does some sort of silent movie tribute
There's a lot of younger Directioners on Insagram://
is Obvy watching Step Brothers also. Hahahaha.
word to that
No better way to end the day than by listening to <3
Yes, I believe it passed:)
I’m a punishment for gluttons. I get sat down in front of them and just devour all their food while they watch and cry.
“: Sure bud.. Why a "maybe"? I could use a cheering up, from the recent event.. :-(” haha lol ok I will!! Send me
it took us over 24 hours to get home from Portland, and we didn't even take the Oregon trail.
true that
Latisha Alvarado, telling amazing story about #fostercare & couch surfed senior yr of HS. Still graduated w/ honors!
We are super excited about our Cinco De Mayo pot luck on Friday! What exciting plans do you have?
My english class is dangerously boring!!!
umm chorus hall in the morning
Night > morning
oh cute.
Shout Out To Go And Follow Her.! [:
Upoading video in a few
At least 5 games for Torres after what you did to Shaw today.
is the greatest follow of all-time, but don't tell him. We don't want him getting out of his funk.
FIREBUG: IT OWNS
were one in the same
It's #phxff! Grand ave is going to be a ton of fun. Come say hi to our artists tonight.
hey not my fault the driver took me somewhere else
Sleeping in and waking up in my own bed >>>
When owls call the breathless moon, In the veil of night, The shadows of the trees appear, Amidst the lantern light
But I will say that I join you all in solidarity for the call to justice...
How do I sync #instagram w my twitter
...maybe. I REFUSE TO DO LAUNDRY.
*Jordyn throws me my iPod in my bed* Me: Wheres my Apple device Jordyn: when did you turn so Caucasian
Vegas has warmed up, slept with door open last night to cool down inside. Time to start being outdoor active again!
wait! i just looked there is only one!!
it's pretty good :)
You can't save a freak.
I love the Paws4ever site, both the content & the concept. I've been exploring full page slider designs. Thx for the inspiration!
The bees out here are ruthless
The daily #fight to know Jesus more is hard. But its more than possible and well worth it.
Has anyone else called the Portland Mayoral race for ? Ok... didn't think so.
Melissa! how's your new job going??
Like when rolling a blunt, sniffing a line,cleaning my rose tube, fixing to mainline, rolling dark&hard,or on stroll4a hooker
There's a patron like that in every library. We have someone who causes issues about once a month.
wow fenty headquarters glass shattered
Choose your geek-ery wisely!
I look forward to it. Safe travels.
Too many peeps. Feeling sick.
good thing is i don't need to deal with them for a few days now!
Looks like a still frame from a silent movie.
The sound of a ringing bell when your surroundings are extremely quiet = Weird ...
I have a deep desire to ask all the people sitting around me what they do w/ their days.
Why is it I can see everybody emoji's... But I can't use 'em, wtf !?! -_-
Pheon game at SAAM taught kids 21st century skills. Teamwork, problem solving, tech skills, communication.
I see you dowm, but when you gone get up?
Going to school :D
#idol favorite show<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
is it me or does it feel like your last night on earth?
S/O to my new followers!!! guess what???
Gonna get my hair done right now. Need relaxer badly. I have done some doodles in school today that I will post on my deviantArt page later
#ThreeImportantWords: one direction. Oh wait, that's two? Oh well. :)
And No, i'd say bluetooth helmets aren't safe.
Locked in for FIVE shows this summer! So stoked!
I wonder if this is what it's like to have ADD. hard to write coherently or like an adult. Constant urge to type "haha omg lol." PREDNISONE
Miss you more! RT miss you already! xo
Wishing everyone a safe and happy 4th of July weekend. Remember, we'll open as normal on Saturday from 1 to 4 with Eva Kor as our docent.
Thanks for following. I've got a new drum cover coming out soon!
if you're fat you can NOT wear skin tight clothing
holy shit that is funny shit
Why on earth is Sammy Kershaw been stuck in my head all day? Youtube "Two Dozen Roses" if you've never had the pleasure...
TWO HOURS, I've been on the phone with Direct TV and Century link for TWO HOURS. I'll need get those TWO HOURS back, and I'm still NOT DONE.
Nursing Assistants, Tutoring available 4 theory and clinical skills. Contact Us 2Day.
Lol lighting is what I use to mask my paleness. That pic was all natural.
even if i wanted to stop making music i couldnt
Replacing my normal 5am workday alarm with an 8am alarm for the new job makes me feel glorious!!!
There is something to be said about dialing the wrong number...
A leopards spots don't change....just your perception.
hahaha. You're crazy! Thats my favorite life motto!
Gotta stay positive about shit
LAX bound. Have already heard one amazing #iwojima story. Wish us luck...
Got the car all day tomorrow (:
<U+200E>StartUp Sunday at Studio Paris with DJ Earworm. Meet Chicago's most innovative new companies at the hottest venue in the city!
Waking up past breakfast <<< oh well,getting it anyway.
so many pharma companies getting value from InChI can you encourage companies to become InChI Trust Members?
when your 60, eat what you want
One of my favorite things to look at is the stepping stone my parents made when I was a baby, so cute my little feet :)
"From expiration dates to masturbation during a circumcision in 5 comments. Thanks, reddit."
why is that so weird?!
CONTEST: Put ur video/pic of ur pregnancy/gender announcement on our Facebook to win a package from !
“: Standing ovation to Carmelo Anthony for upstaging everyone on consecutive trade deadlines. Just phenomenal work.”
Imagine: a hybrid of Steve McQueen, Paul Newman, & yet-undecided 3rd man-god (for now, Clark Gable). What feminine Voltron could match it?
Congrats! RT : Milwaukee's own Independent Studios did the Tax Act spot. nice job.
Sure is! You should have been there yesterday. Great game!
yeah i got in a limo and im at the rialto now !
Idk if #oomf a dude or girl :/
Yep, just filmed a river boat rescue watched A jet ski get rolled and camera and sound guy get sprayed with a ten foot wall of water! Epic!
I stay in my own world, cause its better than this one.
My lil bro is killing me softly today. Check out his timeline... He's calling people out.
Tool Academy had grad night last week so now you are free to resume with your normal Sunday night activities.
Following back
#nowplaying Rise Against - Long Forgotten Sons from a playlist created in for
gotcha back!
heyy :) I'm so bored OMB! it's already 3:35? Jeez not paying attention to time. Hey call me I going school shoppin soon
Do ads for colleges really need everyone to wear branded tees and polos as if that's how a campus really looks?
WIN. RT : Why do girls call themselves Barbies when most of them look like Ken?
We are ArtWalking in sunny skies and 78 degrees!
My name it Peter and I'm no Saint.
or do I need to know what word my mother played in words w friends? You have to block each persons game posts individually.
Toss the plastic bags and fold the aluminum foil forever with this special offer from Savvy Source! bit.ly/SavvyKidKonserve
Jacqui is awesome! Sorry i missed it! RT : Good panel on email marketing led by "build from mobile out"
“: "ABA is not a religion. It's something we embrace because it works"...Rob Horner, ABA:I Autism, 1/28/2012”
oh no that's nuts! For how long?
Honor is better than honors.
It is much easier to apologize than it is to get permission
Had a dream I was hanging out with Jonah Hill & Will Ferrell, they told me very specifically how to fix a script I wrote 3 years ago.
he said load. haha.
Miami: C Lounge grand opening with signing of Art commissioned for lounge!
Doritos taco is all love but what I'm really waiting for is a Big Mac between two Oreos.
im bout to fire this foo!
Love love love and that song!! =)
THIS SHOULD BE PLAYED AT HIGH VOLUME!
Just left Grantville Action Group standing room only meeting. Anthony Wagner informed all about the Shawnee project. A-1 neigh. activism.
I would pay close attention to detail if I were you, you might miss your claim to fame.
Thanks for the RT and have a good weekend!
Robin Murphy just wowed us with a student video project (WOW) and her willingness to value and run with student expertise in class.
Thx lady- & thx 4 the RT! I actually created & am producing it, so if u ever want 2 join the fun, we're always looking 4 crew.
To thine own self be true
My boy JiJi is too fly...he's Polo'd downed
I miss you too buddy! Yes,we do need to talk,off to work. Take care!!
follow back plz :D im fans of u :D Punk'd is Funny :D ahah
Teaching *Glengarry Glen Ross* on Thursday. Already had emails from students horrified by profanity in the play.
Add a touch of rustic western décor to your home with Barn Wood Picture Frames from The Arizona Prospector...
Might want to change your picture big guy. #awkward haha
Visited our graduate proseminar yesterday to discuss digital stuff: surprised to find less than 20% of the group used Twitter.
Jerry Kramer does not wear a watch. He decides what time it is.
Your stunning (: welcome to the family. <3
This season is becoming tedious. Nothing happens and I've stopped caring about any of the characters.
Just stopped by They're about 5 minutes away from being sold out!
I'm sitting by Brian Langford! What a stud who boldly leads others 2 Christ. I'd follow him anywhere. Christ to Detroit & MSU!
Today is the day to conquer the world. Let's make it happen!
Hell yeahh going to Yen Chings tomorrow!
Enjoyed it very much. Thanks, John! RT : Hope you all enjoyed the weekend. More rain on the way; can't rule out severe storms.
Griffey Jr is legit!
my best friend practically lives down the street from me and i still never see him D:
thanks Kay!
#FF our Annual Award Winners:
argument for BCS looks good when LSU-Oregon feels like a playoff game in wk. 1. Most important reg. Season in sports.
So, I REALLY wanted to watch Netflix . I needed to set up the internet first doe . Lasted an hour. Then my dad decides to watch tv . Wtf -_-
Please pass along my best wishes to Sylvia.
Chrysler sales up 34% and Mittens is still trying to sell bankruptcy of Detroit automakers.
alright, we'll take it into consideration! :)
Meeting with today! Excited for him to share his social media expertise.
cc: MT The #Twolves just landed & crossed paths w the #GopherHockey team on their way to Tampa. Good Luck boys...
also experiencing #BFFexplosion !! My body parts are strewn across my moms new house.
Nice to see #sunshine again today
re: yes, yes, yes, and yes. #PlansWithinPlans -- DITTO!
Singing tonight for event. Grace United Methodist church off Ponce de Leon- 6 oclock come on out!!
it's just become one big Tejano music festival... not the same
Leading Scoring for #NYSED test Gr8- morning treats for tchrs are donuts coffee & fruit- i picked out all the pineapple chunks
Still waiting to hear from on what we're having. lol.
Very cool what your son says about autism. I agree "autism doesn't have me." Would be fun to meet your family someday.
We broke last year's record - almost 800 visitors came through our door the day BEFORE Fiesta!
#spurs game or cake pops? It was a tough decision but my sweet tooth won! Enjoying (or gorging!) tiny pieces of homemade heaven.
wondering how long my list of potential blog names will get before i actually start a blog...
90 Ch Léoville Barton (1of2). Classic old-style, hard-core #Bordeaux, still seeking maturity. Holding tight even after Vinturi+1 hr.
just doing our best not to ruin Christmas for the world!
Yes, I was abbreviating.. :)
Im from a city in the midwest best city in the whole wide world
I don't care of Ron Paul quit or didn't quit. He's still not getting my vote.
I also want to know if you are going to review the insect pheromone article. Cross discipline boundaries...
Thanks for the #FF! (Seriously late, I know.)
Yes!!! This was my dream! Can't wait for you to come to North America! We are going to SHUT NY DOWN!
Lot's of work today for AVbyte! Shot a great video yesterday!!
Thoughts and prayers are with you. So proud of you!
"Other" place? There is no other. :- )
There are many reasons that could make you. Or maybe it'is just too yummy :) Go for the darker one. Better for you. Enjoy!
I am making a 17 lb pig for dinner tonite yet just bought some bacon for x-mas breakfast.
what's league av of babip on fly balls?
why have my dreams been so fucking weird lately..
we need be ready at 6 at my house on Saturday, just a heads up
Moving at my own pace.
Wakefield: "A lot of new things this year, including new MGR (Valentine). It takes time to build that chemistry, and I've seen it improve."
A husband is someone who after taking the trash out, gives the impression he just cleaned the whole house.
Keys, rhythm guitbox, and drums- Grindin
theres something we can agree on at least.
People watching is underrated
The fishy taste of fish means it's not very fresh.
We hope everyone had a glorious easter! This week at HT buy 10 get 3 for free!!!
Alton brown ending Good Eats. will be inconsolable.
that is correct
RT : We only live once, so let’s make sure we do it with excellence.
People think they can bully the Heat because they know no one will come back at them!!
He gone learn today!!! Lmfao
Dear idiot bicyclists: traffic laws apply to you.
Brian, can't thank you enough for the Retweet. I greatly appreciate it. All best!
Crown Royal
ohmygosh me! that movie is so cute!! I saw the commercial and i was already crying, imagine me in the ACTUAL movie?!:O
YESSIR HE SURE IS! ;)
oh. You are so younger
I saw something I didn't like, refuse to speak upon it again
Still working on my revenge plot
#LiveliketheLorax Get a short picture book turned into a massive money grabbing movie! Go environment!
Oh lord give me patience to get through this weekend
Even France's education minister wants everyone to speak English from 3 years old. So how come we can't teach all adults English here also?
nice. was talking about Clt CC last night -u live in clt?
don't we all?
welcome to the family of The Big Blue Nation!! Can't wait to see you in Blue and White. Go Cats!!
Literature and butterflies are the two sweetest passions known to man.
We'd like to welcome Bazza, the newest member to the Game Night group! Welcome, mate!
Maybe she was slapping herself #ironically?
Till the end. RT ": 143 Princess"
man growing a beard is so damn hard lol
Are u serious i thought i did? doesnt matter anyways and did u do that contest thingy?
yes his face is VERY soft hahaha :)
TANNING SPECIALS TODAY! Buy 5 UV Tans and get 2 FREE! Buy 3 Instant Tans for $49.99! Buy ANY MEMBERSHIP and get 2 WEEKS of UPGRADES FREE!
Jersey Shore tonight!!!! Oh yeah Oh yeah!
me too Alex!!!
I'm effing angry! #ineedtokillsomeone >.>
forget what I said it's Friday go get drunk LOL
can't wait for our night out tomorrow. #likeoldtimesbutnotreallybecausenowourlivesarethatmuchbetter. xo
Already checked it out & love it! We're excited to be included in the Author Toolbox! Thx for all you've done to get it out.
Could you post a link to the Rome covered in Snow story? I'm teaching a unit on Ancient Rome to Dublin Davis MS and I'd love to show!
test on #TweenLite demo is broken, using Switch wrapDot to Zepto(dot) and notice no delay() or stop() in Zepto
Oops! Didn't mean to imply your implication! I was just restating what I've learned about the kings of Israel!
appreciate it friend!
Can I have a follow back please
Reunited with hooters after 7 years def nice to have some proper American grease
New Midas coming soon.... "Lay the Towel Down"
thought u might want to know I got selected to be one of the #vocalists for a filmscore! :)
Yes he definitely gives good soundtrack. I love Wes Anderson in that way too
Woman just walked into the China Yen and asked if she could just buy 13 fortune cookies.
follow for opening special for your group kids welcome
Yes!!!! We can make fake id's and get it!! AINT NO PARTY LIKE A STAND GRAND PARTY CUZ A STAND GRAND PARTY DOMT STOP
that can't be Matt Kemp? Close maybe.
Good Night Robert!! wake up to gods light shining in the morning!also Happy Mothers Day to Your Mom! Lots Of Love and Support!
Awww, thank god, i'm not going to die tonight.
Donath on Raj: Focus of both sides' now shifts to arguing over the $$ Raj received from unlawful trades.
I think he's a freak.
Thank you for not only taking the time to play piano but also for posting the video on YouTube. We loved it!
Stevens-sovereignty does not imply that the world recognizes native people as independent nations. ISHS symposium
At the Secret Cafe for lunch. Having a mysterious omelette with a side of unknowns.
Saw today!! So good. Mom and Dad did such a great acting job! Best extras ever!!!
tomorrow we could go to the first ever hooters when the game is over.
At least now you know what to include on Pop Massacre 3.
yep! and my car lol
Save some koolaid for me! RT: : has arrived in Chicago for #ls10. Bring on the koolaid!
Goners!!! Yossi the Israeli assassin
Thanks to Ryan Harris for all your help!
omg. omg. omg. omg. new ipad. omg. omg. five live blogs and a twitter feed. it's like i'm there!!!!!!!!!!
Orientation for the new job tomorrow :)
DailyHookahTips#80: Tall #hookahs don’t always #smoke better, the diameters of the #pipes are more important.
I have seen two this week. Wild.
will you sign the petition asking Congress to declare Sept. Nat'l Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month? bit.ly/qk4zJa
#BOYFRIENDReview I think #BOYFRIEND is one of the best songs has ever made :) it shows us that he has matured:) <3
happy birthday
what bout me??
i don't wanna be sick anymore!!! :'( i feel horrible....
This year has seriously flown by :-)
i like secrets cause they keep me in line.
Hehe yes((: and you're welcome, so what's up?? <33
Double double bron burgers on sale tomorrow. Stay tuned for triple doubles!
Hey! i just met you and this is crazy, see that highway? Go plank on it... maybe?
Just submitted our application for Indie Wed- a different flavor of wedding show happening in MKE on May 10th!
: not to brag but I had over 300 pair #notnormal its just one of my things . Have a funny story to tell
I've begun to realize that you can listen to silence and learn from it. It has a quality and a dimension all its own. - Chaim Potok
So is Lesnar medically able to fight anymore? #UFC141 So disgusted and disappointed.
Those girls that walk around thinking the stares they get are cuz they're hot, when really its cuz it's ridiculous ...
got so frustrated with parallel parking tonight. tonight is not a good night at all
Baking bread makes me feel like Cher Horowitz.
Hey you guys remember when Northern Illinois was in the Big West for football? They thought it was a stepping stone to Big 8.
NIU for the start of spring break!
good morning Honey
Sick of work yet? We’ve got 2-for-1’s on anything until 7:00. Just sayin’.
Your welcome
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "You're a vegetarian? Well, I know a great seafood place!"
First question on whether #AMISOM should become a hybrid one day.
I'm feeling really good today. That show last night was just what I needed. 2 shows tonight. Trying to keep the momentum going...
“: Whats good with you today?”jus playin like a playa. What's good with you
Texting or calling work both ways.
Ellen, I know you get this all the time but how do I apply to work for I love watching you and your show, so fun! Keep it up
We vote for something new, but it would have to include elements of all of our historic uniforms. Like what we had, but better.
what are u doing?!
How does that happen?!?! That just came out of nowhere..
#CelebrityApprentice is at my FAVORITE toy store...FAO Schwartz. Toys + Muppets = a great time in Bianca Land.
Do you know when Austin is coming back to San Antonio? Or is he in Miami forever ? :,(
Anyone going to Friday Cheers tonight? are performing!
you at the cart today? think i'm going to stop by and get a sandwich!!
#ilovewhen when i'm with my bf and he make happy and he always make me laugh ily tray
Cant wait to watch Miami's new offensive scheme. TT would be unbelievable at pressuring a D in an offense like that
you're forgiven. But don't think these things go unnoticed! They run a pretty tight ship around here
Thank you for attending the Mixer tonight! Congrats on winning a door prize too. We will see you next month on 11/1.
elevator talk and nerves for all
Ohh cool where u work at??
Makin ramen for my allergic reaction baby brother.
s/o to great information! Thank you, thank you, thank you!
. #holisticmoms re sleppwalking parents, you're really supposed to outgrow it by early post-adolescence...I didn't get the memo.
I remember watching pronk hit for the cycle on tv
not much, I'm just on twitter. talking to u (: being bored. :P
Lots of awesome stuff happening in April. One is the on April 14th hey tell us about some of the obstacles.
Love that song!
Wait... they married each other?
Wind up Bird Chronicle
After sleeping through a hundred million centuries we have eventually opened our eyes on a sumptuous planet, bountiful with life.
I'm such a baby when it comes to being sick. All I want is to be held and massaged and spoon fed..
I'm pretty sure I'd leave my wife for Keisten Wiig if I knew Kristen's policy on living without health insurance and having forgettable sex.
HAPPY NEW YEAR<333
send me a snail mail address to: and i'll put one in the mail to you as a thank you!
Then I searched #hopeforthebrowns and twitter told me my search returned no results.
Mayor Paul Soglin spoke at the Greater Madison Chamber board meeting today. Talked about making TIF policy and dev process changes. Yeah!
welp back to my power point i go lol
and to be clear, I'm pro-lunar catsuit, so long as those sartorial standards are applied equitably
Verdell Jones of IU just DaSean Butler'd his knee at the B1G tournament. Terrible to see.
Ok now LeBrick but to go APE...O_o
on the starting defense, who?
Just finished up a hot verse working a song
#5bestsmells FOOD FOOD FOOD FOOD N FOOD
the fml moment when u realize that the pizza man has been standing outside ur door for the last 10 minutes knocking lol he got a tip$$:O
Kidding aside, would love to have u there. We're in WeHo and focus on sitcoms. Not kidding about the wine tho
Hello from the Pacific Northwest it's Sunny here on the West Coast luv it so much
Taylor's car makes me nauseous.
hello love :)
Colton's tweets are gay
for groupon to be valued at $13 billion is a joke. i could go on for days about how bad of a company they are.
Who wants some cookies? I made like 3 1/2 dozen cookies last nite- pb and choco chocolate chip espresso brownie cookies!
welcome 2 Chicago. Hope u like it here. I really wish I can see u 2day, but I can't. I hope u enjoy Chicago :)
Paul, I think you're the first!
Also, all you Great Plains folks be safe tonight. Don't be stupid if the sirens go off, we all saw last year how bad these storms can get!
Finally got to do some #Illinois #indexing and arbitrating for 1940 census
I got no strings to hold me down
I be hating that shittt .
for Fort Ticonderoga and bring back to Boston all cannons and artillery supplies as they he can. Washington is making this a high priority.
Call me maybe is stuck in my head. Shit
lol sorry guy!
Scalia has been to Koch Bro political mtgs & GOP fund raisers. HRC mandates amount to pay on medical expenses
congrats & best of luck in ur endeavors. Gotta say those models you got r smoldering hot hot hot! Love Tazer trying 2b all fly
Damn why is my TL full of lil b RT.
No, not dead. Just unemployed.
An ipod touch to replace the drowned one is finally within sight. Hallelujah!
Prescription Discounts - Save up to 35% - Costco - SIMVASTIN -
Copyeditor query: "Syntax and/or punctuation in original sentence rendered it nonsensical. Edit OK?" Author: "Yeah, sorry, a blond moment."
Visit our new website at www.bentleypc.com
Any idea what mine is? I think I deleted that email...
#LeesvilleMemories not many good memories for me there
Got this new Juicy J mixtape on blast...
Fastest tweeter in the western hemisphere!
keeping up with the kardashians tonight gonna record it while i watch the TCA!PLEASE FOLLOW ME i voted 4 ur sisters:D BIG FAN
So your saying that I should tell him that I love his nose?! ;)
Looks like someone is almost to 600,000 followers :) Follow me?
good morning just got home from chruch it was amazing us youth worship team are doing worship next sunday so come out and support(: <3
Uh huh I'm struggling
Hydroxycut Hardcore Pro Series on sale for $69.99. Delivers extreme energy for hardcore intensity. Come see us at 1619 San Mateo Blvd. NE
Seriously, though, 5 minutes for onions? Ha!
Follow and for updates using
This is some ugly basketball
:) you are hilariouss!! thank you chris
MT : National Teachers Day. Be sure to get your favorite teacher a nice gift, like a salary they can actually fucking live on.
Earnings Preview: Comcast to report 1Q earnings
PRE- #Cinco #DE #MAYO parties are about to hit your way. What an awesome celebration.
Don't you always have the inside scoop of where celebs are going out in Chicago? There are a lot in town today-- do tell...
thanks! and awesome game of phone tag yesterday, you have time to talk later today?
hope everyone had a happy and safe 4th of july!
it's not too late! Calling all creative women in #sandiego! Join a fun event for networking, socializing, and a little shopping ;)...
Drop the gloves with him Jaffe. This isn't Deerfield falcon hockey this is the big time.Get duff a lolli
when r h coming to Florida :)
we hanging tonight!!! dj Larry on the track spittin the hottest shit since Tabasco <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
P.B.R. Stands for Potentially Beer Recycled.
What is your family's favorite outdoor activity this time of year?
is it normal for your eyelid to bled?
Fed Reserve gets great insight from Bank of Ann Harbor /
class tournaments ! lets go juniors !!
Not secret at all! Starting my own app dev shop! :)
you know it! Aug 2nd can't come fast enough
library searching with touch and gestures
alrighty! La Cantera it is.. xD we're gonna have SO much fun!<U+2764>
if you add in the artifacts in the Vatican museum, you could feed the whole world
Keep the faith: RT : Great effort by the Aztecs. Never gave up. Time to focus on New Mexico
is this really eve
shrimp taco sounds like something I might make too :) thank you
Imma put u on some shows out this way soon
Oh right, this is what winter feels like... Staying cold through the weekend. I'll have details coming up on 10TV at 6!
Who's your favorite video vixen?
Honored to host the Foundation's Annual Gala and support their fight to
Anytime friend ;-)
#notapaidadvertisement LOL Thank you! RT happy birthday! Hope it is as wonderful as you are.
Pass it along.Steeler Nation welcome to the Love of the Nation.Sean Spence our Newest Steeler!
ride Bo ride! Hope u raise more than ur goal! U r one of the good ppl. In life.
Stains don't have to be covered up...They can be Removed!! Contact For a friendly reliable service with outstanding results!
Very limited # of tix at the door. Note: They're cheaper online. RT : can't you just pay at the door like usual?
Have my Concert choir audition today! oh boy..... #Letsdothis and prom alternative today too! Leavin' at 3p. cant wait! :)
thanks for the mention!
hey I live there!
OMG NO YOU DIDNT JUST MAKE A PECKER xD
Tech Events in June/July ---? E3, WWDC -- what else?
"Don't limit yourself. What you believe, you can achieve." Mary Kay Ash
#NL_:Baby are u down. #whereuAt Jaysean?!! This use to be my song(;
White bitches love Taylor Swift, tell a bitch I'm hella swift
that is the sweetest dang thing!! Bless u, darlin!
not bad. I quite enjoyed that version.
which resort is your favorite?
u still at work? I'm over at Nicholas.
WHO HUNNGGRRYY MY ?? Let's get a win guys!!
Can anyone recommend the best phone that is compatible with Cricket wireless? I'm looking at the Android, any thoughts, warnings, endorsem…
EBSCO is not working. Librarians everywhere shake their heads in resigned disappointment/frustration.
Yup! Survival tactic. RT I'm on to wine now! It's not a family gathering w/o booze.
maxi better ask to forgive his sins lol
Working on finishing up Bartender Brians Folk project this week and tracking guitars for Gorilla Fight at night...
Making a vlog soon and I'm totally up for answering questions in it. So, if you have questions for me, definitely send them my way!
you don't know how many people you are effecting right now. Seriously stop
I Love Working At This School Though.
I've had this dream too, Siobhan! Perhaps with Bourdieu rather than Baudrillard
I believe in free-market principles; they MUST also apply to #healthcare. Let NC and America prosper!
I'm getting sleepy watching fast five :)
Women of WebDAM had a good time at the girl geek dinner last night! Such a great event, we'll definitely be returning
A Bberg friend told me they're given five minutes to pack up. If a BBerg-er is in on a Sunday, chances are they're quitting.
"Human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitude of mind." -William James (considered the father of psychology in America)
Wow. I cannot believe they just too Linden's badge. Wow.
midnight munchies would never be the same!
Baking oatmeal cookies
yo this is where hip hop lives!!!! that mix on ya show is dope
hey guys, look. diablo 3. it's a good game.
#np: "that's what you get" - ; definitely how i feel right now.
I have been kinda working on the same thing. call it my "Personal Development Plan" similar to the professional one @ work.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
maybe :) idk but I'm trying to find out.. I'll let you know if I find out something...
Oh you think your better than me because you have an iPhone? No bitch. I will steal your shit & make you go waste your money on a new one !
#replaceTWSongTItlewithlemons...........Lemons in paradise
Who you callin' a slob?!?
#SundayMorning It's a new day, it's a new life... And I'm feeling
O.o stop making me feel like I'm freaking 12
Are you fucking serious!??? You saw me getting ready for school and ur just gonna leave with out me!
Rivalry. Born of repetition.
RT " however, i had an account with my real name before too and he blocked that. claimed i was Riger with a fake name."
Oh. Well. There you go ;) Can't escape the doom.
Awesome hair show in CHI this wknd! Watch on this Thurs. will show u the hottest, new trends!
Don't follow this account erasing it! (: blahaha
Marketingdomination.blogspot.com i get my clients on page 1 of google like its nothing
Not against Obama (who I also mostly like) and definitely not while the Repubs are indistinguishable from a doomsday cult.
i havent say the show in a while time to stay tuned in
When is u gone follow mee ?
#NP Fall For Your Type
umm....where was my invite?!
didn't know you're in town
Ha this is you during the past week RT : Three more sleeps!
The word you're looking for is "frenemies."
and then I proceeded to put a crayon up to my lips instead of the graham cracker I was reaching for. It seems she was right
Breaking: FCSO on scene of reported shooting. Central Ave near Grove City. Stay tuned for info.
Your on. We have a Fez you can wear too.
why don't start giving random people mp3 downloads of your songs if they vote for you. That might help get you get more votes.
Heading to #LIUNA international convention in a few hours. It's going to be a great one!
So cute RT Babe is great.
Congrats boy! Proud of u
Getting excited for the concert tonight with ! #parrotheads unite!
I just ran 2 miles, saw someone getting frisky in the trees, & lost my belly ring with Adrian. #Mcleod park
Thank you so much!!
Yes. Playing with fire. RP will not bail him out forever.
You are my inspiration.<U+2665> Always smile, you're beautiful.
needs a new pic, but is just 2 lazy. Well, sick, but who wants 2 hear "sick" all the time when they can hear a grown woman admit laziness?!
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure - Colin Powell.
Spokane Chiefs win Round 1 against Vancouver...face Tri-Cities in Round 2!
can I get a RT or follow from the best team in baseball?
Who else gets up 15 mins early to leave earlier then usual to make a run to walmart make sure thier boo has pop for the day....this girl!!
Cant Wait Until Comes Out With An Album.
ok, really nice. want!
THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN I AM CONFINED TO MY BED.
I want you in the most un-romantic way
I Just Tweeted And I Texted At The SAME DAMN TIME !
#WeWontWork if your full of yourself and only talk what's wrong with you.
What the mind dwells upon, the body acts upon.
GAWD he looks so damn sexy in those Crocs!
Who do you work with that are getting the results you desire? What are the results you desire? Who could you work with? Get there faster!
Thanks for stopping in Laura and telling people about the shop!
Trust? Year to earn, seconds to break.
People who deserve NOTHING are handed EVERYTHING :/
I can feast on bananas oranges and cucumbers all day!
Yeah, totally agree :] Also, do you know more or less when the o2 priority lady gaga twickenham tickets are dispatched? :D
happy Wednesday! :)
obama now supports marriage equality? Yup.
Look at the moon, what a beautiful night!
Tthe research community is using whole genome and whole exome sequencing heavily.
I love the crispiness of American style bacon but greatly appreciate the substantiality of British style bacon. It is not ham.
cool profile pic and awesome background
My bday getting ready to end in 4hrs
I'm trying it on. As I enter mid-30s, I figure there's a more appropriate way to barrage people with promotional info. :)
hahaha some of those cameras suck
I am so jealous that you met Lucy Hale.
So come on Love, draw your swords Shoot me to the ground You are mine, I am yours.
Its the best when you know peoples mean tweets are about you. :P
I was going to go to sleep, but Pandora is just making sweet, beautiful babies with my ears right now.
I'm so glad someone finally said this out loud. Nothing screams "I don't know know what I'm doing" like that font...
not too hot. Thanks for asking smartypants!! Lol!! :P
What didn't Adam and Eve have that everyone else has?Parents.
Just like them 2 door fords damn they don't make em like you no more
DAMNIT WHY CAN'T PEOPLE JUST SHOUT OUT THEIR QUESTIONS? Raising your hands . . pshhhhh
Adrian Gonzalez you've just been Cooked.
Just call me the black Justin bieber
Shooting the Bruins v Kings - the epic battle between east and west. Eh. I hope it is a quick one. I have a lot of knitting to do tonight.
I just voted for you for Council. Thanks for running. Good luck!
Hey Steve, great to meet you!
just read _The Quantum Thief_ in which wardens put prisoners in AR matrix of 0-sum encounters w/ ea. other & guns
watching Dallas, not being Dallas, but maybe they will recover yet
haha that's awesome. Can never have enough of either. I have a green Kane jersey with a clover on it. Prob my fav....
Sure hope the #Mavs give Bob Ortegal a ring!
Haha RT : WORLD WAR with the D
"I remember when I had my first beer!"
she's an amazing actress!
I started mentally preparing for tonight's Grey's episode and I know once it starts it will all be for naught.
Don't worry - I have class tonight so I can't read until later!
why do the BCS bowls get a pass? Attending the Sugar Bowl is just as bad as going to the Sun Bowl.
aww sweet. Glad they enjoyed as well and he enjoyed cakes. I'm sure you're his fav Uncle. :)
What did I even spend $20 on tonight?
This has been my misfortune in south beach where I live for the last 2 months!
follow me back please:))) #TEAMBIEBER<3333 thanks;)
There I go using bad grammar again. BEING AT Coachella is like sleeping with Wilmer Valderama. According to ur description..
The Elizabeth Scott campaign thanks #cckirkland for the recommendation! Standing strong with many strong candidates in Snohomish County!
Home about to have a heart attack ": Lol where u at? RT : With ME ": I wish I was at a casino bar
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: We have "no fault" divorce, a person can get a divorce without proving the other person did anything wrong.
Nothing more better than giving 100%
i understand completely. lmao. fuck love. its all about the fame & money now.
He started as an AT-PG driver...which was just a pogo stick with a blaster on the handle.
yes, disguised as a...law firm.
um. Hilarious hashtag.
watching last weeks.....the shit with the beating of the woman...what a fucking douche....
Know it's actually white women who do. Lol
Sorry I haven't been on today! Went shopping(:
Nep. Twenty three thousand signatures from the threshold after six days of life. #SOPA/PIPA petition was a month old.
Just chillin in my car eating a pb&j sandwich and banana.
He either got in trouble or he's ignoring me.... /:
Battle of the Beltway in 12 days MT : The best team in MLB right now is the Orioles. The Nationals can tie them with a win tonight
African american or black american? .come on WTH is we discussing this for?? pls focus on black people issues wit substance damn!
please don't turn out to be like the rest of them
I look forward to learning more about your 2.0 journey. Inspiring!
Boys who aren't jerks <3
Sorry friends! Twitter got hacked... Don't answer any message that we sent out! Enjoy your night!
but I'm here!
Yahoo Slams Facebook for ‘Retaliation’ in Patent Lawsuit
yes i love making friends always
thanks girl!! We need to shoot soon!!
yeah i noticed that still decent. thats why i asked about her lol
"Sometimes you have to go through things and not around them" I hate to see such a good friend suffering. It breaks my heart<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
and I'm pretty sure I just heard REO's Golden Country coming from whip sportin 22s.
shopping for a new home
There's still time! Register FREE for Design Institute on 11/11. Great ideas for that new library you've been dreaming of...
Where would the world be without music
Omfg I hate my life.... I wonder who you danced with/':
President #Obama did not feel the tremors, but he still missed the putt.
Help Deuce Deuce get to 9k followers!! <3 Give them a "like" if you like cute boys & beatzzz.
We should do happy hour sometime next week. It's been a while.
UConn Sweet and Elite Great game, voice is gone
Not gonna lie. I just wanna see your boobs.
U go girl!
Thanks for the follow, girl! <3 :D
Sunday March 25th - #MadMen premiere!! Oh how I've missed you, Don Draper!
sometimes you gotta spaz out
Sittn up wit corey watchin a thousand ways to die. I wish impractical jokers was on
Be perceived by the work you do and the value you provide.
Chunky chicken pot pie.
Your birthday is Wednesday? Happy early birthday and thanks for making being a foodie cool.
the best should play for the best the phenom plus Kentucky= 9th championship Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky
i need to know more about this Ali girl though cause ya protective
Translating an e-newsletter from English to Spanish at my internship today. So much fun!
well if i were to do that then there would be quotation marks around what i just said silly
Special President's Day treat at 57th St: buy a couple of kids books and get a copy of Obama's picture book OF THEE I SING for free!
That was too much coffee, I think.
I'm sorry to hear that :'( stay strong Austin
RT : Just added! Come see the amazing multiple award-winning doc THE INTERRUPTERS and be part of a discussion with......
#onlyintheghetto asking you for grease, butter, 2 slices of bread, do you have 3 eggs? can i borrow yo car to go to the sto? not store..sto
Gary ellerson voice #Boom!!! K-Rod 2 lock it down
If u could hear this song u would slap the shit out of him for playing it #BOO!!!!!!
Hey Thanks for The Follow
Nice! How'd you land that?
When a person claims nothing as his own but his sins, he has no worries. - J. T. Pugh in For Preachers Only
I'm moving on. No more waiting, no more hurt. If you wanted me, you could've had me, but you didn't. You blew your chance
Anyone on my twitter favs are the real reasons why I keep craving success and of course my father up above ;) #Thankful I love u all..!
just use your imagination. draw something interesting
" Be grateful for the things you do have, don't complain about the things you don't have. "~~~~ " Tell your love ones you love them. "
So great to hear and so glad you enjoyed :) Come back soon! Happy weekend!
yea buddy. Haha
Some of the best things that has ever happened to me were the relationships that passed me by.
is it too late to invest for 1%?!?!? LoL
Electroshock gumballs. It says long lasting, but i dont trust rappers. 'specially R Kelly.
Why does she look so guilty.....? Standing over her water bowl like that? Silly cat. Silly, silly cat.
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :Wasn't there electricity in the past?
I got really into a hockey game, I'm craving beer, & I come to and is just randomly hangin' out. What world is this?
Guys! The tango is tonight! First, Einstein on the Beach and then we tango.
Find your new job through www.joborworker.com
Getting up in 5 hours to drive 2 hours to watch my sister play ball.
Black matte nail polish is my new favourite. Fair game for summer though?
tebow sucks get real
How long is your summer reading list? Anything interesting on it? -PT
Here with at this event
yes please follow
kk i did =D
I beg to differ my friend.
Today makes one year since the creation of The Law Office of Peter Loyd Weber, LLC... Thank You for your support!
its funny when ppl try to judge me some how this is post to bother me i dont think so i
Is the movie "Contagion" a sort of preview of the pandemic to come in our lifetime?
The fact that you moved on and im the one with the broken heart
Thank you for including me in your daily news!
when I say "goes into" I mean as in... the work, the whole thought process... the pressure. Others can't do it.
follow before she commits!10
Welcome Jeff! Had a great time!
thanks honey :)
just rode by with everyone singing Backstreet Boys. It was pretty awesome.
Stay focused on what is important. The race is not necessarily to the swift.
#ufcsammentary nate diaz = that one bully scrawn-bod kid from middle school
i wanna work wit
Or you could move to Manhattan & live in an apt. no larger than a bathroom stall. But think of your commute!!
wanna ask ur cousin if I could take his evo to prom? =)
2Pac - Do For Love [Lyrics on Screen]: via
all the #Yankees #Redsox fallout in 1 place---www.ussportspages.com
beautifull day in Dallas..thank god it's my day off today..if you working today have a wonderfull day!!!!..feliz miercoles a todos!!!!
Yeah, I'm sick. I went to school. Yeah, my shoulders are jacked up. I carried heavy books and binders for my pregnant teacher.
All about the money RT : ABC still on commercials FML
Gettin shoe game right today.
Buenos dias! Hope you have a great day today.
umm... how about tuesday
Can you guys just please include Seattle to the tour? A signing, a show, whatever. We deserve SOMETHING.
Love it! RT: #PeopleLikeUs have awesome jobs where we get to be creative all day!
You're welcome and congratulations! Looking forward to having you at future #sschat s
No you DIDN'T were they all sexy with long hair? I don't know what that means. Hey...I love YOU
Inception with and
I NEED to start packing for Council bluffs, IA on Friday. But I'm not.
Congrats! Do you have insurance on it yet? Would you like some free quotes?
You May be as vicious about me a you please, you will only do me justice. Richard Burton.
I love my bestie.
Bring the cups, baby, I could bring the drank
im allergic to bullshit. so keep it real or gtfo of my face
the fun never ends. Just as you think you've seen it all!
But your hair looks great.
Then again you are a cat. Maybe I should give you credit where credit is due. I've never cuddled with
Is it weird that I`m more excited for 's post-episode blog post than the actual premiere?
Life is like a rose garden - Watch for the thorns and keep the pest dust handy.
yes I should be enjoying Seattle's very short summer nights not hanging out in the office getting my sunlight from a screen
also, love your new twitter profile pic!
Why yes it is! RT Merlo Field at University of Portland is in great shape - beautiful pitch. players out for warmup.
Our last show was beautiful and so painful to perform. I'm so blessed to have been blessed to work with so amazing people.
RT : "Your stare was holding, ripped jeans skin was showing." favorite song played tonight :)
Veggie burgers are the best!!
One should feel beautiful in their skin :)
Relationships for summer? Lmao that's a negative.
same to you beautiful and I'm excited for you to be part of our team !!! :D ah
love you more
She looks like the Poor Man's Naomi Campbell #disgusting " Marlo enters GUNS BLAZING with bone straight Naomi hair. #RHOAReunion"
Lol! What can I say? I'm hooked! :P Sabia! U want some too! :P
I practically live at Taco Bell.
so sad the #armytenmiler is sold out :( I wanted to run it
If this crew can't get him on twitter then there is no hope. I recommend a full-court press on FB.
definitely digging the app
Omg listening to #OneTime and I didn't even know it was lol wow his voice really changed lol love you <3
I saw it On Demand
Today's layovers & delays made tolerable by Husker Du.
At Bed Bath & Beyond seeking the most fabulous object in the world.
15k SAS or 7.2k near-line SAS? That is the question of the day.
Lana Del Rey, you may not be Mrs. Right, but you sure are Mrs. Right-Now.
It's been a great day but it's time to get some sleep, night night!
I don't know if I'm the same strain of "conservative" as that guy (from Christendom College...) I'm a classical liberalist :)
& I got towed for 1st time last night. Worst part is we were in a lot we ALWAYS park in! Grrr!
From the moment I metcha i thought you were so FiNe
Focusing on my focus! Got clear goals to achieve and with the guidance of the Almighty, the only one that can stop me is me.
Happy Friday! We have a great variety of hot soups today Try the 1/2 sandwich/wrap & small soup for $6.50!
naw bro kobe finna takeover.. You kno its gonna Lakers & Celtics in the NBA playoffs
"Need product!" is all i hear from every commercial broker in the city
Anyone in Denver know of a good place to go Thursday nights??
Getting ready for the race and starting a 3 day carb loading. The first day is the most important beginning with a big carb breakfast.
Thanks We look forward to serving you.
If I see someone trying to seize the day, I'll step in and try to save the day
LOVE that book/movie. One of my all time faves!
It's complex, not just fear IMO. Mormons get a big reward from their spiritual experiences & interpret them as confirmation.
thinking the same thing “: getting payed tomorrow , thank god.”
Well I guess you're going to be piss yourself because you wont go and beat the shit out of a spider
You're going to love this short Conditional Offer is rocking me today.
I feel u on that :/ RT : I wanna go to a buffet.
I have Record/Normal temps coming up. I can't believe how FAR away we are from them. I'll have that in about 5 minutes.
You wanna know who's sexy? Read the first word again .
I knew it .. Water for this tweet
"donut objects to marriage, graduate style"
By the way...were the 2 jokes funny? Still need to follow up w/ you. Sorry it's taken this long. Talk soon.
Those milk shakes were so good!
It's not in my nature to be mysterious, but I can't talk about it and I can't talk about why.
I just can't stop listening to Revolution by Miranda Lambert!
its next Sunday blood
Out of my boot. Into the air cast
We got #myspace account now add us up myspace.com/stonecanyonpromos
Eye appointment today at Time for some new specs! Yayy!
woohoo! Welcome to the iPhone world! You will absolutely love it!
#MD #samesex couple denied a divorce. Now appealing their case to Maryland's Highest Court. The story on News4 at 5
Twin Peaks was still a wonderful sight, especially the couple making out in the car. San Francisco bay area photographer Napa wedding
In due time , in due time
RT : Did u hear about the neurotic who went to the football game? He left because every time they huddled he thought they were...
We beat dat ass ...ha!
Can't Slow Down by Lionel Richie won the Grammy for Album of the Year in 1985.
just to be sure you should have given him a big hug and kiss too.
Just to lat ya kno when i smile at you its cuz I just found the perfect place to hide ur body >:-I
i would be at your fantasy football party if i could be but unfortunately im in Indiana. However, I will be there virtually, lol.
Too bad my valentine is an hour and a half away :/ luckily i have a skype date tonight and a real one on friday! Love you !
So its official we gonna release my mixtape CD on the shop not sure when but its a deal !! We gonna give cds away !
Austin Floyd with a goal 12-6
nope nope - next!
What are you guys even up to today? also who the shit is Jason Derulo? Is he that silly pop singer with the hat?
Mouse, last time I saw #WrestleMania I was 15. Does that still exist? Certainly don't want to alienate #wrestling fan vote.
Hi Jo Ann and Lili!
#ItsFunnyHow just when I'm about to give up on you, you do something to make my day, and I start to hope again
Heard you won Summer Bash tix! Congrats :)
“When you ask creative people how they did something, they feel a little guilty because they didn’t really do it, ...
At the bar with David Kant Brioflatiron
#celebrityapprentice when you ask a celebrity a question let them answer instead of butting in.
I would guess scotch and a cigar.
A plus to not having time to exercise... Tendinitis is virtually gone!
nice. I'm doing table top RPGs for kids, giving out dice as a door prize.
Thanks for stopping in! RT The fine ladies of #GreatClips always do a good job.
wow tht is creepy
One of those nights where I don't fall asleep. Yeah.
Thank you and welcome to our newest fans, L'Kendra Doinme Jackson, Semone Conner, Laura Saukstelis, Arria White, and Lark Higginbotham!
Will Insurance Cover the Full Duration of Treatment? | Drug ...
is that Rich Uncle Pennybags on your profile picturen
try YES!
This boy got me regretting getting my hair done right now...missing out on pushups
Hello New Orleans!!!
writers block
no problem! By the way vote for me for Nuvo Indy's best Retweeter! Bwahahahaha
how come I didn't hear about the griddle!!
Be positive do not allow negativity to get the best of you! The truth will always come out of every situation !
Trey Songz Gets Suited and Booted for GQ Magazine [PHOTOS]
Cereal killer! RT : Trix for dinner
At what age do people actually confront you, instead of talking to your mommy and daddy. I'm almost twenty.
you look 41
I miss you so much!
thank u sis, sorry so late responding
Monday Monday, can't trust that day
Nice, the Lee Johnson pitch lady.
GO FOLLOW NOW he's the best bro in the world ;)
Doing the usual: reading and writing.
the happiest moment of my life was becoming part of #FriendBase , What's yours?
Warmachine/Hordes armies have begun to assemble here at Other Worlds Games!
haha i will ^.^
*looks at a bug* *breaks out emergency chocolate*
Yep, ASU is my alma mater. Also, proposing a lecture on the early history of bassoon in jazz (from my recently completed diss.)
Car battery dead. No homicide for me today. WHEW!
Get free chips w any sausage, jusntion this tweet
has inspired me to speak even more proper b/c their accents make my english sound like crap lol
Soma saddles just in! Stop by today!
I need some big changes in my life!
Dear Coffee- Please tighten up your game. Red Bull is monopolizing my mornings. (& surprisingly tastes worse then u)
Hey guys Freedom Dreamer is on About.me. Follow them for
Haven't been on Twitter in forever. Your FFs made me smile.:)
Don't drink 3 yeager shots and two cans of four loko back to back
The weather did not cooperate for everything I wanted to do today. I had high hopes.
Oh the cleverness of me :) #peter pan mood :-)
It runs in the Safari browser on your iPhone or iPad. No extra app needed. There's a free 30 day trial.
Woo! First major league Steal for Middlebrooks! multi tool threat!
Vendor dressed as magic school bus's ms frizzle has the best costume!
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? He is the best.
I emailed you guys, just waiting for a response back!
franklin & bash startin up june 5th. idk why you dont like it
Is really tweeting me? Guess we gained a few things from each other haha
please know that I am not cheating. Period
“: You guys look like you're having so much fun!” Yes! I'm about to ride a loopy coaster
what the actual fuck are you talking about?
A dream becomes a goal when action is taken toward its achievement. ~Bo Bennett
Sunday morning is available for a FREE DOWNLOAD!!! Sign up with your email on my Facebook band page for the download link!!!
- Exactly.! lol Ever since they came out i was Team OMG. Even though i love MB that doesnt mean i have to hate OMG. !
Why do people like thunderstorms again? #scared <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
red lobster biscuits girl lol :)
lol much needed!!!! Playing a show in Kentucky and there's def NOT a chandelier here!
Where & how is it Free?
SEE YA LATeR OVIIIII
Tony on NCIS just said "The chances of us getting to Palmer's wedding seem pretty Slim Shady." :D
none of these people on Idol are superstars. wedding singers? sure. but superstars? not a chance.
Being online too much has finally taken a toll on me - carpal tunnel got worse. NO
good! It'll be sometime this summer :)
Spurs are shutting down the Jazz!! 83-47?!
Let's go JayHawks!!!
You guys are the best ever! :)
you should tweet more!
Nice dude, gonna send an early peek up north? :)
Isn't that the truth? Is "adult kid" any better?
My answer on to: My wife and I are Bahamian citizens with two children, I am visiting the US and would like to ...
I Dnt Wanna Go 2 Work 2Morrow #So Not Ready 4 My Work Day SMDH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What if YOU could build your own online course? Gagan Biyani, co-founder/president, will address this and more!
how do you take your coffee? Happy Friday to you, too! :)
lmao! I know! I suck so bad haha
Winner!! : Pizza crust is my favorite!
I thank God for blessing me with another year of life!
; from the gist of the story on TWTD, I think it is right to assume they HAVENT officially been transfer listed. #IMHO !!!!
wht happened to austin yesterday? I heard he was crying
Brother not coming in till saturday that sucks ass.
3 Friends. 5 hours. 3 credit cards (to be paid off - miles baby!) One of a Kind Show @ Merchandise Mart Chicago. What fun! Great things!
The Cioppino was excellent! Thank you for a wonderful dining experience! RT : Yummy Cioppino at Ella all month in Dec!
Eshoo: Congress has to be prodded from the outside
You're asking the wrong person. I'm on my couch with Pretzel M&Ms.
I am so bored nothing to do nothing to watch on TV or anything to listen to on the radio
can't wait to see you guys again in May! Safe journeys through Canada my friend!!
Cutest.kid.ever.
good hang last night!
Interesting, can get free impressions on network sites that charge ridiculous for impressions, Use Google to only pay for clicks!
Two out of two strangers in the movie theater agree, they could totally hear me crying during a mumblecore comedy starring Jason Segel.
Those who rue the rain...have never lived in a drought!
there are a lot of things that make SF great for startups. There are also a lot of good things about the Midwest.
your very welcome!!!! So great seeing you! Xoxo
tough one tonight. Just knew it would be a tip or a bounce would decide it
I went to the store, to get more, FIRE! to start the war
Also watching the Miami Heat vs Atlanta Hawks!
Masterson is beasting on these fools
How do we trust Pakistan? US Intelligence officials say house where bin-Laden was found custom-built to harbor a major "terrorist" figure.
Reward brand advocates by making them feel special, give them inside looks, contacts to inside people in the company, etc
Nothing better than feeling embarrassed&horrible
DON'T LEAVE ME
I love how my mom screams "FAIL!" after making a clumsy mistake. I wonder where she learned that?
Lord - in the midst of it all - please help us to see You, hear You & reflect You in all that we do. Transform our hearts to be like Yours.
But why aren't me and best friends yet?! He just moved to Miami and I live in Miami... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Good for you! That's awesome!
haha, ill tell u them but i live in california!!! haha
sorry! She ducked just as I took the pic. But I promise she was there!
I know! they should keep this graphic design+data thing going
All this talk about #Geordieshore makes me wish I was in the UK :0( At least I can catch it online!
Filed taxes. At least I'm gettin something back. I always get sick to my stomach when I realize how much I pay in taxes every year .
#Cookie alert! Nabisco is dropping the "Fig" in Fig Newtons. So they'll just be Newtons. Go fig.
what a lovely pup! And you are wonderful to take her in, she's so lucky.
ok then we'll keep in touch.
U got a job lil cuz so proud of you": First day on the job....not that bad but my feet hurt. Lol :) #ThankUGod!"
RT : A life spent in making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. -George B Shaw
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 25
I like your tweets, How about a follow!
Nice job, great look & feel to your slides, Melissa -pleasantly surprised by link to your music, sounded great!
“: Lets get this straight, my tweet, "i feel sick im in tears, heartbroken" ...guys have bros b4 ho's, Hope has matches b4 men.
Hoping Big Nog knocks that soul patch into the third row.
Enjoying some yogurt at
Listening to Bobby Bare.
I will not apologize for art.
I think she'll forget.
RT : Whatever that huge thing is called that confuses me in multiple ways throughout the day... U mean Taylor??
put in an extra day of studying!! We need our Bri!
Just had my hardest RA interaction ever with my sister the non-reader. I just want her to like reading!
Hey digital library people, does anyone know of a repository that has achieved "Trusted Digital Repository" status?
Yes there is. Get more heartbeats!
I smell like chicken liver
BRB whilst I take a photo of myself with alcohol in my hand...just so everybody will think I'm 'ard ..Pft go away:L.
I just saved a new client 50% on his auto insurance. Makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.
That's really cool! And thanks!
so, you got something to say about Melo?
Ur welcome how old r u can u follow me
I heard it too, in the Drupal workshop on the Concourse level
you're watching my movie, aren't you?
I dont do well with expectations, rules, and deadlines. Other than that I am completely trustworthy -__-
lmao please! I can't even go so help me out here...wat are yu so nervous about anyways!??
I bet you are looking forward to the Fatfields & McCoys, chubby.
#NW The Vow <U+2764>
honestly...YES. ": Me and should just go to Carroll!!! Too bad I don't live in the district <U+E411><U+E023>"
I didn't really see it
God may one day ask you to be odd for Him.
Busy to the third power! But great. Miss you too! RT : good morning Tami!! I have missed you sweetie!!! How have you been? xoxo
I wonder if Oomf lost my number.... seems that way
Hello Aaron of the award winning
I asked you to give me space and you didn't. I asked you to not smother me and you did.
Is job hunting today.
LOVE in nsn when someone films playing in front of the avon theater and they say, "this kid is bound to be famous."
By the way, it's great to get your perspective on these issues.
Hi Gregg, wanted to talk about having you list BarCampOrlando on Would be great to have you on board too!
Look around and notice how people have become so mechanical in every area of their lives
Happy Thanksgiving!
#IndieMusic MP3: New Beard – “Doom”
Skip the gym today and go disc golfing????
I just heard a little girl tell her mom "boys don't wear makeup or dresses" I'm fucking disgusted
"Saw Horse" is a great phrase.
Gotta go... Bianca will be walking in at any minute and now I get to have normal conversation! Whew... Social Media is exhausting! TTYL!
S/O to all my new followers! - Thanks for following me! :)
Not a huge baseball fan, but man do I hate me some Cubs.
Jack has donut senses..
will be at our booth today @ 2pm and their #SXSW showcase is tonight @ 7:30pm @ Central Presbyterian Church. See you there!
Being covered in bruises. #techieproblems <<<<
so sweet
#nowplaying Same Mistakes -
if you don't put a #FF before a list of names like that, only people who are friends with you and the first name will see it.
Cute girls, why dress like justin bieber? Another thing, "what's up bro" is not a way to start a conversation #realwomen please help them
ok later
Wonderful, well deserved news. I think I remember your posting that. Be well! Hopefully we'll cross paths on the right coast.
shots fired.
Question? What would call the opposite of luddite? Any all responses welcome...
Will the dance team even be good next year since the seniors are leaving? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Was Morimoto's food as good as it looked? He was always my favorite on Iron Chef
idk ill let you know
I could listen to Louis Armstrong ALL day long* sigh*
too bad it's not lingerie
See ya fucking later Stat !! Lmao
Taking it easy waiting for the
Crazy hot blonde in jeep full of guys, guy yells 2 me on street, exuse me! excuse me! I look, blonde flashes me her tits. Guy, yeah sunday!
silly puppy. Mine likes to swoop in and take the warm spots.
"Spotify is so good" says Mark Zuckerberg, CEO and founder of Facebook. Surely it is ... for HIS bottom line.
Man it&#39;s a joy to just watch my boys play football
Tring to be smart about my choices of a car... So until then I`ll be walking & dont mind neither!
so we're you successful ?
Dr. Phil keeps saying "swagger" because this kid on his show keeps saying he has it and #NO #wrongcontext only used for roar
Someone talk to me please<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
lol yeah some people love him too much D:
That movie is pretty darn good.
#Giants ...what to do? What to do?
passed joe too it's a convoy back girl hahah
i wanted it to be Drunknvulgar_Osfan but that was to long
COME ON
Now that it's time for summer, spring is finally here! I love Washington!
"What you articulate you demonstrate"~Will Bowen
Im regards to our last tweet. APRIL FOOLS! :P
my puppy snores...LOUD.
There's a lot of history to it.
creo que mi laura es bipolar
Tks for the RT! Looking fwd to seeing student films w/archive footage & discussing genocide & human rights! TH 6P at SCA 108
are you a freshmen? b things change fast, thoese assholes will always be that way. TRUST ME I KNOW ABOUT THE BITCH SQUAD.....
thanks for the encouragement Tess!
Take me underground, deep under the street, take me, take me down where freaks like us can meet.
True fact: getting struck by lightening runs in my family. So does a deep fear of tornado season.
. RT : A merkin is a wig worn in the pubic region by those who genetically cannot grow pubic hair.
check out 's version it's legit
WE LOOK DOWNTOWN WHILE WE UPTOWN BUT IS NOT OUR FAULT IF WE ALWAYS LOOKING UP B-]
The frozen yogurt craze has finally hit me. Pinkberry after an hour long walk is magical :-)
Oh nice! Where in the UK?
Live broadcast of our debut live PA set in two hours! See Facebook.com/skeetones for the link!!
I'd have to be desperate. Like having told a girl we were watching 'x' & then couldnt download/find it at blockbuster. AND it's her birthday
For God is Spirit, so those who worship him must worship in spirit and in truth. (John 4:24) Don't miss #hwi this July!
well i've certainly heard them before, but I'll need to revist the album again ;)
When you look back while you're walking away, and so does he.. <U+2665>
whose down for a little hookah sesh?
Oh! We're all black friends... :)
Not yet. From the books it seems like there are just WAY too many story lines! I can barely keep the four girls straight!
thank you, try to make the fan club proud
Black baby scar inside, white baby scar outside. This makes me the Golden Oreo of the multicolored baby scar people.
I liked Logan better in 1. Also, the opening credits were so much better. :)
75% of America will now be rooting for the Bulls!
Let me stop I'm doing too much :/
yeah was not my best move- but thought I wanted to buy something- I gotta remember what goes on in places like that!
thanks to for providing useful source coding for a new index page - should be up within the week
Happy Mother's Day from OUR Family to YOURS . We wish you all a Blessed day!!!
Happy Valentines Day to everyone!
Found at #Gadhafi compound: Condoleezza Rice photos
We are going to Frequency!
Currently rehearsing with and loving these tunes! We hit at 8pm tomorrow at the hard rock cafe in Chicago!
When you have 5 bucks to your name, maybe you SHOULDN't be visiting Redbox.
“: sick of people falling over themselves praising the Girl w/ Dragon Tattoo: its a male fantasy version of a strong woman.”-agreed
Fml I never do anything right
Yes it does!
OMG one more follower till my goal!! Thx guys so much!
I'm a very loyal Brewers fan, but I have to say it...Matt Kemp is HOT.
Dirty Dancing is a classic shouldn't be touched ever!! Just put the movie on bluray as digital remastered and there you go! that's it!!
haha same here, I can't moan about them either cus the mrs will make me go, just got to suffer in silence lol!
Thanks! You too!
u stupid
Normalize licenses and recognize skills of Veterans nationally. ex: Medics to Nurses. Vets have to start over. Shear lunacy.
party like a
Will take a couple days on the avatar or photo bit... but talking is good.
Big Announcement Coming Soon.......
Bayside radio on Pandora is awesome thank you
Great Sat. in the Mile HI City
couples that are is discordant relationships, MSM, iv drug users, and other at risk groups that are heavily impacted
I am also open to adoption. I really want to adopt a girl/daughter from Haiti....
In the office between Christmas and new years day. Thankful that "looking at pretty pictures in magazines" is part of my job.
Holiday Party: Have a signature drink for guests: pear puree, vodka garnished with rosembary or lemon verbena.
Deterrence is the art of producing in the mind of the enemy... the FEAR to attack. ~ Dr. Strangelove
The REAL solution to Buffett's secretary paying higher tax rate than Warren: LOWER TAX RATES like so many of us have long urged.
I don't think of myself as a poor, deprived ghetto girl who made good. I think of myself as somebody who from an early age knew.
Need to get my followers up
- How about more off-season conditioning segments?, want to show my daughter the committment it takes to play at such a high level.
Finally done with finals! Officially done with junior year!!!
Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your...
I REALLY Believe Casey. Her Dad is involved, He was a homicide detective He paved his back yard? Did he Molest Caylee too?
You're supposed to love me , no matter what . Who cares if I'm in a bad mood . You know I still love you.
Co-champs of B1G? Yeah, right.
You gonna watch the Weekend show tonight?
RT : Massumi: "The animal does not have sympathy, the animal is sympathy."
are up!
Not usually. But drop us a line at , we'll hook it up
please follow me!<3
I love that dude! #ElScorcho!
who called justin's # that i tweeted eariler?
And the #oceans sustain life on this planet. Healthy oceans mean #healthy people.
Nope..... supposed to call the Godfather later to see what's in the works.
CATHY GET OFF MY TV NOW.
yea, but you have to promise to have it back by nine.
It's funny how ONE person can change your entire day <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><U+2665>
"The point is of no return and you've reached it."
I recommend it! Did you only think of yourself as an academic around non-acs? : )
Today is just an off day.
I hope all my friends out there, and my really long time best buddy Donnie Weaver have a wonderful superbowl Sunday.
I just followed at least 500 people who follow and ..
Sitting in oral surgery waiting room watching divorced parents co-parent teens its fascinating
please stop by Shelter Hope Pet Shop when you have a moment!! We showcase shelter animals inside Janss MarketPlace Mall!
Tender is the Bacon
True colors showing right now!
We did! I really want to go back soon, it was 2006 when I was there. You are on the Eastern side, yes?
social D is one of my fav bands, not sure if Mike Ness is funny though
tickets are available ABQ! check www.rocktheink.net for details!!!!
I'm already am thanks tho c:
have you checked the fridge? Freezer? Under the bed? No wait don't look under the bed.
sounds like a meeting of two great Andrews!
Well, Soriano worked out ;-(
Movies with Brandon and Dylan! :D <3
Yay, New York!
Most love songs i think are about cars.
i think shaun hill was this hooker i ordered last weekend... i could be wrong though i was all sorts of fucked up
Shout out to Anna from Florida! 15
Drink anytime Drake mentions drunk driving.
Johnny Depp Is A 'Total Dream,' 'Pirates' Cast And Crew Say
I love the socks and sandals swag
i blushed duh nd he held his hand too :D hehehe :)ILYShawty<3
that was funny better leave that tag on there and return that ;)
what are you going to get! Early bird gets the burger
it is
WELL DESERVED! I loved how Milwaukee Brewer PR had clever FB ads on Pack's behalf.
Also seeing loads of malicious search results from "Hunger Games" related searches. If you have a fan at home, make sure they are aware!
You know u wanna do for the hell of it. LAUGH OUT LOUD :D
RT : #np- "Forever" thinking about my babe ...Dont be mad my love<=I think about u all the time
It'll be interesting to see if they trot Zack out there for the sixth. #astros v
When you activate your place in the Universal Grid your unique signature expands outwards into the Universe.
Hello weekend!
Ramen noodles today :p
That awkward moment when you get in the van and realize there's no candy...
challenging to define metrics for impact.
where does the news leave the cafe? just wondering.
RT : RT : Sitting here in Austin w/ . #Motorama chat live!
txt me
Old man sitting next to me reading Heidegger, WHATTUP!?
It's lunchtime! We have Chili and Steak Fajitas...yum.
i didn't know "meet joe black" is such a romantic and symbolic movie. Makes me wanna puke, good movie though.
(a) You should get what you order, (b) overcooking meat makes me cry, what a waste!
PARTY CREW!!!!
Cant sleep round 2.. Probably bc all I can think about is going to SF and spending the month with all my loved ones... Is it Friday yet?!
Happy st .patricks day
what kind of ePortfolio is your school using? We're curious to see what else is out there.
Awesome, right?!
Buddhists think of themselves as elevated but, alas, there is no buddha, no god, no allah, no boddhisatva, no ahura mazda..
Bouta clean up, then go see wtf this boy talkin bout.
yeah he did i just hope he wins a ring so people can stop talking shit about him
#y2j is back
The rain was invented by God because he knows that some people just don't have the good habit of shower daily!
I'm sitting in George Washington's lap right this second!
#nowplaying Noel Gallagher
Integration is intense.
He's not as bad as Justin Bieber.
Why am I so wiped today? I thought the sun was supposed to give energy, not steal it.
San Clemente- I'm here. Lol
But there's is nobody in this world like me
Thirsty to learn again.
'Bout ta pop off on this betch!
Could not be happier that and Co. have bought the Dodgers. All he knows how to do is win. Great news for the Blue.
: Thanks sweetie! :)
when was this lol
CAN YOU FOLLOW ME I HAVE A GOOD STORY!
True indeed. Neither one is a Sobby Bimmons, obviously. But the image of Baron Cutler works well for me.
National Radon Awareness Week starts this Sunday! Has your home been tested? If not, we're offering CRM radon tests for just $65.
What about a special blessing for dogs?
The weeknd though..
I'll stop ranting, sorry.
It's crazy up in here!!!
oops. Spoiler alert. My b
literally the drummer was chillin in the pool with his daughter... So cute
Whenever, wherever, RT : Whatever....
Being on a Coke campus, you forget how delicious Mountain Dew is...
You're very welcome :) Enjoy your holiday as well, refresh and get in some relaxation time :)
To much drama out here!!! Hangin with fam
I hate when people act hard on the internet .
Our set at Shop tomorrow will consist of 7 slightly varied covers of "The Thong Song." Hope you enjoy.
thank you for listening to my problem means alot to me
What up. Yeah he showed me the pic.
whats up everyone!???
"It doesn't get easier, you just get faster." — Greg LeMond, 3-time Tour de France winner. Also applies to startups.
ya basically. Fuckin stupid..
" you might be deep in the game but you got the rules missing "
So, should STOP POURING BEVS/FOOD on the audience & actually play music. Also, the concert's done at 11:30pm.
Second. RT Ok I already need a drink and it's 10:24AM. C'mon Friday. Do better.
Sorry for the typo. Its the Apr 8 game. Winner will be announced today!
Get the word out! Express Lube is giving away CENTER COURT FRONT ROW SEATS to a Spurs game. Visit www.expresslube.com to enter
First finished and 100% on physics HW quiz. Tested today. Prospects are good.
Good luck & God Bless you
I bet its better than Hunger Games. The Director won't return that's good.
Samsung Galaxy S3 Launch Live Updates
asking applicants to front the $35 for the test (as in FL) is absurd. People applying don't have much money -- that's the point
Twitter only coupon - message us right now for substantial savings off your first month of DNS!
u can still cook me meat
Flanny, you were a gentleman, a scholar, and one hell of an athlete. Onward, friend.
I want to fucking stab someone. I've been layin here for two sleepless hours.
What kind of dog is he? He's a little bad ass! :)
And the Sox storm right back. Corpas a shadow of his '07 self right now. 9-8 Sox, top 7 still
lovin that car ;)
#FF to for being awesome and proofreading my grad school essay :)
I hate it when I yell someone`s name and they don`t hear me, I feel stupid.
On State of the Union Nancy Gibbs discuses the Presidents Club. She calls President Obama-"Obama", yet calls Bush- "President Bush" Why?
Observation: when I am old, I shall dress like a Bond villain (only to scare children)
What is fun about 'fun size' chocolate?
If it were it'd be a pretty bad one. LOL
Isn't verbal speaking more important and impactful than pc/mac languages? So why not put more focus on teaching people to speak english?
btw.. You already look pretty!
Surprising slip for such a smart politician. RT : is in trouble. Outted as a Louisville fan on
Happy Halloween =)
thats pretty good. Theres a surprising number of Homer Simpson 404s out there.
What was your favorite cell phone of all time?
More like Mrs. Doubtfire as The Iron Lady. Still Oscar-worthy.
Can't wait - but from what I have heard it is a 5.5 minute cut and not the full 7 min album version.
RAP GAME RAIDEN RT : Riff Raff just followed me...I don't like that.
Had the obligatory back-to-school dream where I'm missing all my classes because my schedule has changed from last term and I TOTALLY FORGOT
LOL so true. Storm of Swords was brutal.
hadn't ever heard of the rare candy code before I told him about it today
Next up: Mark Lawrence sobs, breaks glasses when name misspelled on web.
Dick Clark did everything he could, but white guys still overbite when they dance.
Watching on stickam! C:
": I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious. That's only because I care."
Been a while since I've been at a "club". I don't get the idea of a hoodie being acceptable going out attire
Nike or Adidas ?
I need to make more friends...
Oh these times are hard, and they're makin us crazy don't give up on me baby
oh yes. Off top! I'm tryna OWN that shit! ... but what would they call us O_o
I predict that in the next 20 years an individuals browser preference will be synonymous with their political beliefs.
so true
You're awful
Has anyone noticed that the texts you’re trying to cancel always send faster?
have you tried a longboard?
This may be a 5 game series. Ok 6 if the Bulls get better. But Bulls can't stop TURNER OR holliday.
Writing new SONGS!!!!!!
yup buddy lol
Red velvet cheesecake from the cheesecake factory <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
WE RT : exactly one month until we fly to Turks :)
I got tales that entail the failling of the titanic. Bitches panic when I rain manic in the microphone. Yeah eatin soup like pro.
The perfect scenario would be to only go into debt for a mortgage. How do you feel about it?
Underground Kings <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
Sin city is the most shittest film ever made
#timberlake in the house
": Just ate a bag of cracker jacks and realized that the surprise inside isn't #gettingoldstinks" yes it does...
Wat you Got Goin On , Got Anything To Work On Right Now ?
mornin' to you too
This fool just peeped at my ballot b4 he told me to put in the counter. Da Fuck
We're at #IECA12! Are you? Stop by our table for free guides to hand out to teens and parents.
Swwwwwweeeet. Getting shit faced tonight bitches.
Hell yeah. spaghetti night <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009D>
We all have to #believe in the Pens... They can do this!!! <U+E32C><U+E055><U+E022>
I feel so lazy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
S/O the team stay holding it down reppin' for that underground music. Appreciate the interview info on the way
yeah boy(:
Dear #Cincinnati, from I-75 you look like a beautiful city. Perhaps I'll add you to my list.
- Good to hear! I'm in Ohio at least every 4-6 weeks to see my family and go into Let's meet up man
You're the best, Dina! Thank you!
If we keep him happy, he'll dole out generous signing bonuses.
Not too personal! Not right now. I have in the past, though - but not because of anything "wrong" with it.
Man it's diffrent when someone does not care and avoids you cause they know wats up and they treat u like trash lol and ur nice
Andy, great hanging out with you too at Big Omaha! Let me know if you make it out to Seattle!
rewatching The Wire. is the best thing to happen to humanity
My luck isn't looking good today!
Its almost my birthday. Where are my wishes :-(
Hi - it's monthly, on the second Wed. of each month RT : Are you doing #designbizchat every week?
lol it would be fun. I'll consider it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
“I don<U+0092>t run for "fun" If you see me running past I recommend you get your ass moving because something is coming”
First day of auditions was a success! It was great meeting everyone! If you missed out today, come by Reynolds 141 TOMORROW at 9PM! /yd
bring one to florida then I will be there btw hey britt
Spike Hill was a blast, thanks to everybody who came out to such an early show. Next up, we explode the upper west side!
Good luck on your startup.
Yeah girl! If Jessica's there, ask to sample some things. Two words: CARAWAY LIQUEUR.
Wednesday Wisdom: “Your life is of your own design; you create it with every thought and every emotion.” -Anonymous
..hope you had a great time at The Dr's!! I'm sure you were terrific (as usual) !! Can't wait to see the segment in May!
I think 4 a lot of folk being passive aggressive is forced on them because they do not want 2 get Beat, Fired (punished) etc
back in middle school >>>> STAYED fighting man lol
#YouKnowItsReal When that person feeds/cooks for you.
Iconic boys???
you tell me...
Mike Penberthy played 53 games for the '00-'01 World Champion Lakers & still plays in the ABA today
I'd claim mayor of my desk at my house but my cats might dispute that.
93 mi. to Royalton, MN. a little sore but feelin good. passed a dozen Gold & Plump containment farming facilities... weird.
I hate this hour.
canadian medical association
Those who are religious and close minded to other peoples beliefs or evolution, I feel bad for you. Look around, where is your god?
shut up Peter...
Get a free copy of 's audio book when you download his latest crowdfunding book today....
smokin on the best, graded at the top
Learning to visualize texts from and this am at
ready for ! Then big calorie burn tmrw! You're gonna kick major hiney!! I'll be trailing behind
Just got back from a great meeting, feeling good about the future of #academia and #labor: when our powers combine...
yeah do That!
Season 3 Episode 6 Breaking Bad. This is a clever series. I'd like to think it's far fetched but I really doubt it.
those are freaking awesome! Beatch I want them! :)
#BlackPlayNames "mamma is tyler perry n oprah the same person" starrn maya angelou
are HCC meetings open to newcomers? If so, when is the next one scheduled? Thanks!
In this thing to revolutionize online #dating with and
Sold out show tonight! Everyone is in town for the Brickyard - looking to have their minds played w/ before the race on Sunday.
Damn near finished with my character designs for my portfolio!!! cant wait until I get in
the picts are so little from ur phone.lol; laptop of course you can see people clearly. Gotta hold atleast til I get a ring!
i really dont know what to do at this point
I made a promise too you & I'm gonna keep it, because I know how disappointing it is when people don't keep it, also because iLoveyou<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
many thanks!
The last tweet was NOT me. Lames
Fab Design Tip: Use vertical stripes on fabric to accentuate or to add the illusion of height to a room.
have fun!
it would be great to have you guys follow us because we offer great advice for environmental due diligence for business loans
welcome to the Postgame family Princeton Tigers thanks for the order- great to bust into the IVY league.
HEY CLEVELAND! STOP THAT!
are you kidding he barely ever does
"Never give up hope, because that's what keeps us living. Live, love, laugh, and laugh some more!"
A bugs life!! #omg awesome #Disney 4ever long since watched this!!:)
4 the record I did say:Traditional publishing is dead & may its decrepit little soul rest forever in the farthest reaches of the Underworld.
New song drop today? Hm
I don't like Dave lol
RT : Congrats for being awarded Top Rated SEM / PPC Award in the third annual DrivingSales Dealer Satisfaction Awards
Had a great time with vocal rush wedding in Yosemite now were in our hotel laughing having a ball while watching saw2!
Hunger Games so slow and bad on top of that depressing. Don't waste your time even if it comes to TV Just go rent Romeo and Juliet.
"I'm not above crushing anyone's dreams" -
awww, thanks. We love everything does and will always take whatever we can get to serve on tap :-)
Whoaa Der. That might piss me off a little.
Ugh tweet already or I won't follow you anymore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Today is Customer Appreciation Day! $3 UV tans on ANY LEVEL! Stop in and take advantage of our amazing one-day specials!!
Basketball with the fellas
#Twi2012 18M page views a month. Is astrology for real?
I sure will I have question about the website can buy a tee shirt if your us thanks for tweeting back :)x
National Margarita Day is one of the few holidays I don't have to fake enthusiasm for.
Group identity culture is shame culture. Literate, self identity culture is guilt culture. Is online culture restrictd by either?
Just got another gig at Antone's set for May 29th!
is at "Passport To Fashion"
If they don't see ur vision, they can't understand ur mission #IgnoreThem~Achieve Ur Success n Watch Their Jawz Drop 2 Their Chest
OMG! Happy Valentines day!(:, today's great Your Single Came Out And all i could do is Freakk, Please follow?
Q6. Where shall you locate your Royal Palace? Why?
RT : TW's Herda: ISPs filtering content to block #copyright infringement is like post office opening all letters
... Have your legs be twice as long OR have your arms be twice as long
Let me know if you still want to do the giveaway! =)
RT "A mind is a fire to be kindled, not a vessel to be filled." - Plutarch
love Yu grl... Miss u to
Actually I don't remember being born, it must have happened during one of my black outs. - Jim Morrison
Today, March 8th, is #OrganizeYourHomeOffice Day. Don't forget about what's IN your office: Organize your desktop and your inbox.
My grammar abilities are diminishing. I guess tweeting about retards like #YouKnowWhoYouAre is rubbing of on me!
Thanks for running the #GGTodayTrivia contest. So surprised! Sent email to Jason at his espn address.
Confusion over how to send scheduled emails in NetCommunity to more than one list at a time
I fucking love and the other who are dominating on campus
When Madison has his socks high >>>> when you have your socks high
Nothing like soul searching with Never enough :)
Clearly, Mike Sherman didn't give the Baylor halftime speech. Impressive drive by Bears gives 'em a 31-24 lead.
Thanks for following! Congratulations on your book release!
how can it not be Sex Godzilla
starting to save now so I can make both Brisbane shows next time u r here! Counting down already! Partybane will miss u!!
thats crazy i would definietly talk to someone and see what your option are
I'm saying Werth's done at least till All-Star break...
Life is like dancing. If we have a big floor, many people will dance. ~Don Miguel Ruiz quotes
Sent you an email, good stuff!
Someone come do my homework!
362 calls and 94 contacts to Nevada Today!
Awesome! Looking forward to seeing you there.
A Jeb Bush endorsement for Mitt Romney would be huge
I love my sister <3
THINK OF OTHERS BEFORE THINKING OF YOURSELF SOMETIMES
Linkin Park, "In The End"
Happy Thursday to all our twitter fans! We luv you guys!Just wanted to say thank u all for following us! Have the most awesome day today!!
President Obama live right now on ONN, time warner channel cable 362
Ahahahaha! F'n hilarious!
I ADDED PEOPLE.
It was a blast & your food was heavenly! We need to get together again ASAP & then we can get that picture!
Your that punk bitch Danny!! #workaholics<3
Mehhh I feel like skyping and I don't know why
...and I dont think you are beautiful I think you're beyond it...<U+2665><U+2665>
HA! Awesome.
i'm sorry i am in detroit right now...so i couldn't make it in!
Waiting for the update on Hoka Hey Challenge 2012. Initial info has it 7000 miles and 12 days. Oh ya!!!
I just tweeted this too! Sadly, haven't Dudamel for myself yet...
People willing to ask questions have a great deal in common with one another, even if they don't share answers.
I hate lent
i smile every morning when i wake up because you're the first thing i think about :)
formerly fox, what do you expect?
Night night twitter. Sweet dreams.
How is the trip? How is the "medical" part of the mission trip going? Praying for you guys! Love you!
#socializeconf social marketing is a damn big fire
After MGGB come to Hybrid Lounge for Redstar Friday's! GO-GO DANCERS!!!
#ALEC should be outlawed, NOT PUT IT IN ITS PLACE. #ALEC is decidedly #"Undemocractic!
we are down too what did you hear about just host
thanks for punching me in my lung after I told you I have lung problems!! That is a total douche move.
Man it's a little slow to night,it sucks<U+E40D>
got about 100 concert programs, ya should be covered enough
Early Americans to America??
no notes, no tone, no groove....wtf? ya feel me?
wow that's another thing, along with Vic Ball, that I'm extraordinarily depressed I missed by going abroad.
He stinks
Tonight for the #Caps Game - $25 Open Bar!
The baby isn't taking care of that?
I can't believe it's April 2012. It's 's bday month!!!!
Smooth flight from MSP --> DEN :)
8810 by Nick Taylor - sorry I don't have a link right off the top of my head - I know that one is out there for free
its not my music its ! Follow him
"You can probably fit like 4 of him in my pants!!" OMG, I love you!!!
how's life treating you brotha??
Your kitchen is the heart of your home. We can help keep your home's heart pumping for many years to come! www.cabinetconnect.net
so so so so so worth the $$$. Seen it twice and would easily go again.
Your Cute(: Hope your excited to go on tour with and (:
Thank you for the RT's and engagement in #b2bchat: #FF too!
Finally, an iPad app for #LinkedIn. Very excited. :)
Shout out to for a great show last night at Beat Kitchen. You guys gotta see this band before they blow up.
Did you try Brie, fried in a skillet, and then eaten with fig preserves, both spread on a cracker? It's m m tasty :D
How is your sister doing?
thanks so much for engaging us! can u pls connect him w/ bob in our office? m
a blunt of kill on deck,and ace bandages for all of those trying to see in that 2K12....
nothing I s aware lol
send you a DM seeing if you interested
#MMAF2011 Educate people in your company on mobile impact
One of my favorite films of DIFF - Let Me Out. One more chance to catch it Wed at 4 pm Magnolia.
Day 20 split call. Crime scene day, Ext House night.
Every person and situation has something to teach me. (via: )
@ lee, and yet again he blogged singleness of purpose
Well, then, can we at least get a little decent exposure?
Where all the killers
RT : non-techy tip of the day at #devlearn : check for toilet paper in the stall before you get started ;)
But I have Catholic followers only :-)
I'm not saying you can illegally download most of the #Oscar contenders through torrents. I'm not!
roll a white grape
I wish I could be in Pittsburgh today.
I swear i think i'm #AddictedTo Tazo Teas
this Thursday at ! 5 bucks, support from of and #DWB! Chance to win tickets to !
Have a great weekend...and if you get a chance to visit us, we are open Martin Luther King day. See ya!
As well as big love! I love watching/reading crap bout polygamy and topic is just coming back with sisterwives. Please dont go!
Virgil Thomson: Let your mind alone, and see what happens.
Hey man, need 2 tix for Thursday....still available? I can be in 10mins.
Those who are at sea and those who are sojourning in foreign lands, to ...
Go Pack Go!
If you tell someone that you are in a relationship and they don't care...they have no respect!!
Sure the fight was fixed. I fixed it with a right hand. -George Foreman -- Sports Quotes ()
Do musicians have the right to demand that their music not be used in advertisements? films? at political rallies? etc.?
Tweeting to stay awake!!!
's Countdown to 40 seems to be going so well, I may ask him for help with 1 for me come July.
is one tough bitch! I love her! She's as real as it gets!
Watching Mad Men with Viggle Sun | 7PM | AMC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
ight QT : well give it 2 me when you can
Happy Independence Day Liberia!
this guys says he has a clear shot of it right now in Mansfield...head south...or west..metrowest
Hope you enjoy man! Spread the word! RT : Sick new shirts!
I said dub like I charge every other nigga
With Aguero as his dad and Maradona as his grandad it'll be funny if that kid becomes librarian or marine biologist.
urban public school
Slept in until 7:45. HUGE VICTORY! Enjoying the nice morning with some coffee & overnight oats. :)
I guess :p
3 more spots open for my #challenge group!! #workout #fitness #healthy #shakeology #beachbody what are you waiting for?
Will the Sunday 3pm presentations and awards be open to the public?
If you only knew. Folks in LA really have it confused. No one wants to work with a 'pretty' bitch. They need to GET THAT!
I would be the offical LBJ bully my only job besides droppin 20-10 would be to push LBJ around.
RYUN is out of the bag!
A song written by AND ? asdfghjkl. <3
Start with ALA standards for accreditation.
what are you bringin for french?
The awkwrd moment when you hear your roomate having sex 0_o
Getting off twitter early tn. If ya need me, text or call.
Have a wonderful Wednesday! ;)
yep…low! Side-note: 2% or less is considered fine by direct marketers—anything above that should b profit!
a little bit but u still BLACK!!!
Good morning,
To help you, to hurt you, to leave you, to love you and to make you into the person you were meant to be
lmfao well yeah sometimes the cold that does suck but I like it most of the time - always shit to do etc
Yah! Sounds great!
Those are some dope ass crocs! - says no one EVER
Eating brussels sprouts like a giant eats whole heads of lettuce. #FeeFiFoFum Up next
well that's always an option?.... A sick option but its an option ha! videos are on Fuse if you have that channel
Ok so I got 22 hours to book a Funk cover band (SMH) talk about last minute. But I'll get it. Time to make some calls.
Hi:D
This shit make a nigga just wanna write
pleaseplease hang out with me soon?
A closed mind stumbles over the blessings of life without recognizing them!
Suddenly "No Sleep Till Brooklyn" popped into my head… Is this my brain telling me it won't let me sleep until I go to Brooklyn? I hope not!
self-control
It's like they're taking exactly what I like about the channel page away, and leaving the bad stuff. :P
Hey dick head. Get a life. Its a game.
Stick Vacuums amp Electric Brooms SALEEureka 3670G Mighty- electric brooms
Pantry CFO Mark Bierley Steps Down - Quick Facts
No, most readers give up after the future semi-conditionally modified subinverted plagal past subjunctive intentional.
How long are you in town for? We'll be in the kitchen tomorrow. We could work something out!
Follow Her OR
Noticed was kind of bugged at all the fights at the nightclub tonight.
iwanna meet you too :)
if not though I might do somethin Fri night for my actual bday. Idk lol
I wonder how hard it would be to DIY a wrap boot sort of like Tom's makes, but without the horrible toe seam.
RT . . IF U WANT ME TO UPLOAD SOME PICS FOR
That fake laugh you do when an old person cracks a lame joke.
a littlebit maybe, but not heavy !
what show were you on?
RT : green tea fuels my day
- GREAT TIMES~! Did you all load up photos yet that I shot at the event? Drop box the to be edited.
did you know it was Birthday!? ;)
Read best selling Florida Thriller-convert your neuro-transmissions into orgasims/suspense/excitement" Python" Amazon only 7.89
Thank you for checking it out. I hope become a part of it too b/c I have a lot that will be good reads and good info.
Just learned that Yi Sugon was a believer in tripartite division of Korean history. To him, Korea's medieval era ran from 1000 to 1850.
Is it not impossible to arrive at an idea that both serves electoral interest but he also believes is the right thing?
If I lived a more interesting life I would tweet more often
Have fun! Let us know what you think!
Half of knowledge is to know where to find knowledge!
What is your biggest weakness in the game that could be improved this year?
Ferch already dd it plus with my nose? Lololol
Almost 8 pm and its still hot outside
you a Denver native?
Hello happy Tuesday!!
haha - good point. But it was especially bad yesterday. Over 100 people in line!
donated to Red Cross yesterday
Thanks Kay, crossing it off the list! Just connected with you on 4 square
I'm ready to go back on vacation
Lunch special today: Turkey Focaccia Sandwich with Creamy Pesto, Monterey Jack Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato and choice of side - $7.29
When goes in and RTs people while I'm at school #sadtweet patiently waiting for him to follow me
Heeeeellll yeah! Let's go Hoosiers!!!!
Metro apps on win 8 make me want to do UI ... Really
One of my theses: the apparent spontaneous nature of some ancient artwork is by design, by a very conscious design ---almost a deception.
oh for sure! We are ready when you are :)
Gosh I need to quit being lazy and finish a few of these art projects laying around! I haven't uploaded much lately
really? What about the damn rain....
Issue based community impact with Martha Ferry!
what is the procedure for this? first time on a tweetchat
first three game series win since April
just read yr profile. Fascinated by FSF and Hollywood--LAST TYCOON wd have been a masterpiece.
SXSW. Hanging with our buds tomorrow, going to be sick.
thank you!
The upside of earthquakes: Discounts on dented canned food! Cream of corn $0.49!
Long before inventing the wrap, it was Bobby V's idea to throw Tea in the Harbor.
coming up in the bottom of the Jackie, 8-9-1 for the Jackies. Jackie, Jackie, Jackie. Call to bullpen, looks like #JackieRobinson will enter
The iPhone has to be a God. It's everything.
I'm up. Congratulate me.
Thanks for the mention my friend!
RT MT : Thanks to for spotting this for #spruce types writing business case for
its a super nice thought.
Only heard a few tracks on youtube, but so far #Galaktikon is mega rad space metal!
“: #Pisces is the God of hot dreams, dangerous deceptions and sexual fantasies.” yeah bitches
Seems like anything that has a book series and gets put into a movie turns out that way haha
I am just feeling sad about losing them, didnt get to mourn mom when dad went away too
RIP Will Norton, 18 yr old aspiring filmmaker killed in Joplin Tornado. Blessed with 2 million + internet fans.
Loving all the prom photos on Facebook. Last eve we saw several at the bowling alley. Pretty dresses, not slutty :-)
I'm not practicing "gotcha" journalism when I ask difficult questions. Rather, I'm trying to understand how scientists think and practice.
thanks for the scrunchy
#AFS11 lots of $5 words being thrown around in the q&a w margaret mill- next time remind me to brush up before I hang w folklorists!
Colorado Kings vs Texas Whirlwinds in the round of 32. Game starts in 30 mins. Stay here for updates.
sorry I didn't see you saturday! But let's go out Friday an obviously Saturday k? :)
Sharon Needles! #DragRace"
That's the thing about us lawyers - if at all possible, we will consume each other.
Favorite #Castle quote from last night: "How's the weather? Sunny with a chance of ass kicking"!!
Sleeping now, still really no food to speak of. I wish she would eat.
What a play from Parra. One-handed off the wall, a strike to Bloomquist, who threw out Furcal at the dish.
Instead of an election, city of Austin should just have Twitter follower contest.
Nice! How did you like the show???
Haha! That is so true!
Almost drove of the road when the Wing Zone chicken waved at me.
Seriously think that I may have to make the Buffy rewatch an annual thing... I've missed this show...
I'm about to get some vegitari with the brown rice
Who would win in a fight, Bagel or Donut
Heading down to the #hitsummit this afternoon.
Good Night tweet hearts sleep tight. Going to find a weird documentary on Hulu to fall asleep too
MORE: LA County sheriff and housing investigators would end raids and respect Section 8 residents' fair housing rights
#ThisChristmas I'm taking my family out to dinner. They don't need to know that I'm using I-deal from
Hanging with one of my good friends that I've known since elementary! Old friends are awesome! What are you guys up to today? :)
Contracts/Property Grind.
yes, a soft reinstall from the USB drive. I really thought it was a HW pb when it was all along SW.
Just realized this song is done. so me and need to go to the studio this week to record it
Its a musical, its a rock concert, its a comedy, its amazeballz. Come see our show!! www.thedevilanddaisyjane.com
Oh dear!! this sounds #lionel already!! Been far far too long!
it's alright. Lol
when will we record this?
I guess! Ehh yeah I think so!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Q3 Successfully incorporating influencers in your #sm marketing involves pure engagement where there is a call & response reaction.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN! XO
Let the record show that, for at least one day this year, the Cleveland Indians were one of the top 3 teams in the American League.
This is NOT a Keytar Free Zone. (FYI )
Being a middle school scholar or an SC junior scholar.
Those are great - thanks for sharing!
I have an MLIS. Previous post highlighted need for second MA. Either in Ed or Political Science.
sleep well now. We're off two stepping here, and I've already had one too many Sunday drinks.
RIP Dick Clark
I'm SO sorry! Someone psycho hacked my account and I couldn't stop him for a while. What did he say to you?
Foster: forensics analysis revealed testing collusion with a proctor
Ah shit. I think I probably lost like two of my textbooks , lol...
I hating sitting her alone cause I always think about things I shouldn't ! But its time to move on ! For good !!
Felicidades! Mario Gutierrez in his first Derby ride on I'll Have Another wins the 138th Kentucky Derby!
“: Who did your makeup? Crayola?” hahah!
I'm playing tomorrow! 7:30-10:30 at Mozarts, on lake austin blvd. Come say hi if you can make it! Ikl be taking breaks so I can chat :)
Being on the phone with someone while they gettin fussed out>>> lmfaoo.
all that iphone5 hype for nothing!
Yogi Berra wishes he said this. RT : Victor Martinez: "The only way I won't play tomorrow is if I wake up and I'm dead.''
Side poses expose all Guts , Belly's , fat , whatever yu prefer ! #smh . Def loosin my Lil Belly before swimsuits come bck into play . ahaha
Jack and Jill went up the hill so he could lick her candy, but Jack got shocked with a mouth full of cock 'Cause Jills real name is Randy.
What others think about is not important. What you think about yourself means everything. (:
You were at the Marquis tonight?! I just played there Friday and was supposed to go tonight 'cause some of my best friends...
Four square still doesn't seem as widely used as I'd suspect
I hope you'll be back! will miss you.Good luck!
First Thursday football game of the season. Anyone picking the Falcons for a W tonight?
Have you guys considered becoming Clear Internet Dealers? We offer great commissions and are the only 4G Wireless Internet in CC.
This guy is repping Jewish real hard right now
Happy Birthday!
I want a truck!
But I'm Going To Be Mean About It If He Keeps Doing It
#IronLady: Flashback driven plot... Still beautiful in many ways tho
Her story changes every day she hands him a letter in an envelope that he did not know the contents of and then acts the victim. Recall
For the record, George Clooney still looks ah-maz-ing. Hey
spending the whole day with your bestfriend.<U+2665>
In Lexington, VA for my youngest brother's law school graduation.
Avengers midnight premiere for sure!
Fellmeth: In most cases red flags went up & should have been apparent to officials prior to a child losing his or her life.
I know -.- I had came to show you me lol & bring the stuff which I shuda just left for you but wasn't thinking at all
me and malik are laughing over here! did you see the other day, when they had that sweater and he was playing with her pussy ew
Haha! I don't think luck was much involved in either situation
Around 9pm to midnight
Right on Reggie!!!! #WhoDat ": I bet you won't find one NFL Player who agrees with these suspensions"
note that he's a babyboomer who's never married and doesn't have children and hates gay people. maybe that was already obv.
I can't imagine how annoying it must be to hear him say your last name
like a dog that humps its owners foot.... Humper biscuit
OMG! I am on Twitter, the same moment as you are! My best day ever!
Eating brazilian food with Amirah! I'm excited!!
Please follow me <333333
About to hang out w/an old friend from Chicago
Great show tonight
A lot of asian people in the crowd tonight
I have a tendency to write my name on everything .
Live life, love and laugh.
Next #thirstdc main event is May 31 - lineup is nearly confirmed. Looking nerdy as hell. Get it on your calendar now!
yesyes!!!! Very soon!
I need fewer feelings.
Tons of politicians and #2012 Presidential candidates in #DC this weekend for the 2011 Values Voter Summit
how life been for u
that's fun to do at car dealerships, car washes, car maintenance places. GUYS hang out there. :)
Congrats to & on winning the Qdoba Greek Competition.
Spotify dishing up The Black Keys. All day.
Contrary to popular opinion, the hustle is not a new dance step - it is an old business procedure. Fran Lebowitz
Happy Monday! Thanks for joining us on twitter
Is it true what they say about blonds
Today Matt Cantlon will perform a free lunch hour concert! Come, grab a bite and relax!
Each day I am one step closer to my destiny...my now..my next.
Look for a restorative class that uses props, and focus on poses that decompress the spine. no forward bends or rounding!
did you buy a TV or something and need to see if it fits into a wall unit?
what if I kill mark for you?
would you fly in an electric aircraft?
yeah. Haha, we're usually pissed.
Almost over
awesome! thanks for watching!
Thanks to and for reading The Monuments Men. I hope you enjoy the story of these heroes of civilization!
I will never fucking get tired of watching re-runs of your old show. You are one of the "realest" actresses out there. <3
Dude. You have a fiancé!!!
Great turn out at today's GPPCMA meeting! Looking forward to a great program!
Of course I'm an angel... who cares if my wings are black, I have horns & a tainted halo? I'm still an angel!
Oh my word. That is crazy!
Hah no problem! Wouldn't want you to forget!!
do you want uptown or lakeside?
I am going on Saturday afternoon and am super pumped!
hahahahah I keep looking at that dumb ass "happy camper" pic and laughing my ass off HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Dear everyone, there is no indication Carolina is going 3-4 permanently. Don't speculate abt it bc it prob won't happen.
God is looking for people to use & if you can get usable, he will wear you out. The most dangerous prayer you can pray is this: "Use me."
RT : First 5 folks in each cafe who answer correctly get FREE Irish Whiskey Cupcake: WHAT ARE THE ORIGINS OF THE WORD WHISKEY?
Hey Rick. Thanks for following!
15 minutes before i have to get outta bed. opened the blinds. turned on some john mayer
I love ms. kaplan everyone die if you don't
who really cares anymoree.?
Protein smoothie brain freeze
Thanks Joe. In a word, NO. Nothing but silence out there. Some new albums coming out soon. Stay tuned.
Continuing our BE PREPARED AMERICA 2011 US TOUR! FastPreparedness.com can get you that 'food to put in the basement' that will last 25 years
- Furniture Assembly Experts want to ASSEMBLY your IKEA Furniture at your home or office. We assembly all brands - Target..
So Proud Of My Mum & How far She Has Come! She's Opening A Tattoo Studio In Atlanta Tomorrow :') God Willing The 1st Of Many! <U+2665>
“: Dropped lil me off now to have one beer lol wit my dudes.( Lex & Mike)”. Have fun
Hope you enjoy, let us know what you think!
I would say so, outstanding, times are tough but let's get after it !!
Still need a few volunteers for our show at Hopkins this Friday. No medical degree req'd! Email us at .
fav mode of transportation: the train. c'mon america.
hahahahahaha good one :/
The Lions & Tigers beat both of "America's Teams" today. It's a great day to be a Detroit sports fan!
A student (of japaneseheritage) just boastfully proclaimed to another student that Japan has a literary rate near 100 percent.
cant sleep, fuck its im jus gonna get up
Helpful not hype-ful on your website via
I was coastin at 90. I'll stay 10 mph slower than you so you can get the ticket
So I may have just bought a pass for PAX. I figure since I'm not doing Coachella or SDCC, I can do this one instead.
I feel bad for the fans who put their trust in LeBron. Smh ya haven't learned.
You are what you attract!!!
OK, so it's not quite 11 am and I've eaten my lunch. Whoops.
Thanks, Shawn. I saw Ryan's not scheduled for media summit, was it just going to be too much for him being so close to this meet?
I have no lunch date today..blaming and oh what the heck my gf
#ILovePeopleThat get drunk on #scotch while listening to #Karajan's
<---- Birthday in 8 Days #May22nd ----> but my party is this weekend get at me for details.
EMPHAMOUS B LIVE IN CONCERT FRI. APRIL 27TH AT THE TOC BAR DOWNTOWN HOUSTON LADIES FREE TILL 10:30 COME CHECK ME OUT LIVE!
Thank You Glee Class for helping out closet cases by them posting on twitter that they are watching your faggy show. Now go get rapid aids!
this is hilarious.....
It's pretty difficult to not keep kicking yourself for what you could have done or should have done. I'm still learning how to let it go.
laughing and watching #Portlandia with Irwin. I love Sundays.
LMAO mine too!
Thx 4 the follow. All we can say is WOW! The future is here! Hope u dig what we do. Best & success!
Call about our Valentine's Day Package. Includes bottle of champagne, 2 champagne flutes, and a box of chocolates. - $99.95
hahahaha. :P. im bored too
That last tweet felt way too
thanks doc. A lot of hard lessons hopefully others can avoid...
yes, and great! I also search there sometimes to see what others are posting. And I link my presentations to my own e-cv.
I vote me. Or a zombie... For me. :P
Please email . Thanks!
First big snow storm as a Chicago local! We're expecting 6-8 inches, but people here do not even remotely phased. Strange & funny to me. :)
Shower, music and sleep. Sounds perfect.
Thank you very much
Happy Mothers Day too :)
that sounds like the worst day ever
Really understanding this chapter in anatomy.
veggie grill needs to add cheese to the menu!!!
I don't see it happening :(
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I'm looking to settle down...you know get married, kids, house
FRI NIGHT @ THE SMILING MOOSE = $2 YUENGLING PINTS From 9-11pm! OUR AMAZING KITCHEN IS OPEN TILL 12am! HURRY AND GET HERE!
Follower....you broke the century mark
Prison break is possibly the best show ever created.
We loved seeing you Kelli! Friendly faces are always such a treat!
RT : "It is inner abandonment that leads men to the highest truth." ~Henry Suso
Now singing This Land as a tribute to Woody and Pete whole room singing Wish u were here
Watching the Heat kill the Knicks one more time.
I love Walker's kids cause they always look like they'd rather be somewhere else.
Riden round with dat Nina...... Im Cashing out.
Omg throw me onto the stage?
tied with Wisconsin
well texas relays was good not as crazy as last year but def had fun this year to
#askObama Do you think class warfare in America is good or bad?
visit me when you're in Cali!!!!!
#BoyzAreBack ! TODAY! i'm gonna yell it out loud to everyone. even the ones that don't care! :)
#whenitwascoolto have a Facebook.
Our next benefit event will be coming up real soon meeting is this Thursday so come over if you wanna be a part of something great :)
Lov u to man. Popping time.
Go FUCK yourself.
Dear My sister won't leave me alone because I sound just like you when you say "Does it involve the butter sock" -thanks lol(:
Celebrating the 99-day countdown with 's and my first dance lesson. Replacing second left foot w/ right one, 1 hour at a time.
Thanks very much for including my classic film piece on GIANT.
Is it covered by insurance?
Hey ! Follow Back! Worldwide!
where did you eat yesterday?
Just wrapped up another successful shoot for starring and
you make me crazier.
4 day camping trip to the mountains I think yes :D but the only downside too it is all the work I have to do in the mean time !!!
I don't believe in many things, but I do believe in duct tape.
:D yay i'm so proud of you ! ! I love you.
what?? I'm confused
you did a good job raising <U+2665>.
Kevin Moffett, who read at the June 2010 Rhapsodomancy, has a new book out March 20: Further Interpretations of Real-Live Events.
So excited for the Symphony's wonderful time and all the encores! Amazing!!
I'm in terrible need of a back rub and a tub of icecream.
RT ": 8ball in My corner pocket, its on and popping, got the whole club leaning with me AND BODY ROCKIN
RT : Cross the line if you would give anything for a second chance, but know it probably won't happen.
Do you like justin bieber? :)
On the best days I always have the worst luck!
I'm just going to stop replying to certain irrelevant people on phone..
im with you on that. I thought the Verbinski version was better, more polished.
I don't care who you are or how old you are, if you hear the song "Juicy Fruit" by Mtume your day just got better!
Sending good editing mojo your way. :)
My copy of #DarkSouls from arrived today...because all I want for Christmas is to make myself cry.
Forget 5-hour energy... someone needs to invent 5-hour motivation.
Hoping for a win on my birthday
We're open at 11am!
Good night everybody
So you've lost your center, since you don't know when? Find your bliss with some Sushi Zen! Manifest it right to your door at...
Finished grading my stack of papers. Let the weekend begin! Bachelorette party with college roomies...
Thanks guys! Glad you enjoyed the analysis :) We're looking a deeper dive in a few months as well.
dear Alyssa, i don't really know you, but you seem really cool. tweet me sometimes.(:
starting next week I'll be tweeting Jimmy Buffett lyrics followed by the phrase "I gotta go nothing."
"Osama Bin Laden is dead and General Motors is alive" -VP Biden at the Gen44 reception
cute :D
One thing I refuse to be .. Is called out my name #fact (:
what happened w the chair?
well hell u beat ESPN they ain't said anything
Up in the gym Listen to What Up
It is, so much food ah.
Much refs ado about nada Cunninghams elbow to Chols head was not called though #arizonawildcats but Cats win a biggy
did a story on this recently. Wish I cld remember reporter.
I was very productive today as an AV archivist. My not pay, but it counts in my "good day" column.
RT " & I just found the cutest little sandwich/salad boutique in Lincoln park! It's called Panera! #yumyum #slurp"
Psyched to learn me some PHP and MySQL from at
Any suggestions for new Virtual Gifts?
Patron wanted to know when we're hiring. Um, never.
welcome to La Familia
Ok to sleep I go , waiting on babee to come wax dis ass goodnight .
Didn't BP have a plan for something like this? Oh, that's right it cost too much to figure it out. WTF!
me !!!! Lol all that skating I was tired
Love you too babe! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Mighty Mongo has been chosen as a featured artist on Reverbnation! Check it!
Some times I hate my IPod!!!:(
Every scene in your film or novel needs it's own 3 Act Structure. Like little short films that could stand alone in their brilliance.
Thanks for stopping by :) Hope to see you again soon!
yeah, nice but way too late...
and the NYRangers! They are American too yay omni-verse!
I'm literally dying. dying. This cold is getting a little out of hand.
Finally found what I'm gonna wear to my graduation on Tuesday! :o yayyyyy!!! :D...but I'm not telling/showing you guys til the day of ;) lol
yea as you're passing me! Haha
Wag the dog, right? Misdirection and misinformation is the way of the left.
Shin splints go away!!!!
Wow. Maybe I was too quick on the draw on bashing the#hilton. Manager just called and all is hhonorable. Pardon the pun.
Can't believe that I'm still up at almost 3 in the morning. Ha
touche. but if the world is eaten my the sun, that nuance won't matter all that much, don't you think?
I miss home :/
CRASH: I-405 northbound @ 4th, right lanes blocked, only left lane getting by, expect heavy delays
I miss you too :( When can I see you???
Ill never change my colors, there are some things I just can't give up.
Dude shut up. You don't talk to like that.
Everybody is talking about Justin's huge dick.. If Justin's one is that big, wondering how's Jake's sdkuvjhbsdksdf *-* GOOSH DIED.
I've had to stop listening to them at work because I don't want to get caught bawling at my desk :(
MAN!!! I've been laughing at that youtube video since 3am. Youzzz a fool, I swear!
Co-presenting a CLE today with C Wheaton on student loans: repayment options, collections, and your rights. Good stuff!
“: #Random I'm Gonna Miss College Football!” quick transition to the playoffs? I know you're pulling for the green and yellow!!!!
you should hit me with a follow then, i mean since you are so bored(:
What's the best #CrossFit gym in SD county?
We stopped serving by 3:15 today...be back on MU campus on Wednesday-Friday.
The Urban Tour Host interviewed today in Little Haiti & Overtown by media, www.travelandtransitions.com, for story- Community-based Tourism.
I wonder if anyone is going to buy my camera!
I can't wait till April 20!
Oink oink! RT : My male followers are pigs...
Brady Street is happening today. Go there. Have a beer in the sun.
i know you miss me
Wondering how to make the most of twitter...
I want to see silent house! Love scary movies
Nice score. Some of NY's finest right there. Cheers!
********GUN SHOW!! SAT & SUN APRIL 30TH-MAY 1ST AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING ON THE NM STATE FAIRGROUNDS. CHECK OUT NEW MEXICO GUNS!!
Sick with a cold tonight. :-(
"Art isn't everything. It's just about everything." - Gertrude Stein One more thing we love about our jobs! Happy Birthday, GS!
hi Christopher, how are you doing
the hangover never gets old
at in venice, ca. beautiful design and friendly staff. barista is wearing a bolo tie. told him he reminds me of home
Go Pack Go!
Hi! My mentor told me that Twitter was a great place to learn the ropes if I want to get into PR
Awesome! My favorite Keith Urban song is "You'll Think of Me"
What you want to do, and what you can do, is limited only by what you can dream.
Love you chuu!! See you then, if I don't die. :c xoxo, Gossip Girl
had an amazing lunch at with my youngest son...it's amazing how magical the world is when you hear it from a 4 yr old
awards getting kinda boring
I plan on singing to my mother today. Yup.
Strasburg done after 94 pitches. Gave up four hits, no runs through 6. Season ERA: 1.09.
okay you got it! i will keep you tuned!
Way to ruin Mother's Day. I hope everything is cool and you get out of their soon!
hey you!
My dog is exiting the "cute puppy" phase & entering the "I need to chew on everything" phase. Still adorable, but gonna need more pig ears.
We will take an even $4 down here in SD. I have seen it over $5 in SoCal.
I'd still like Apple to consider Cougar.
10 seconds left! what are you doing to move your dreams down field! no time outs 10X
My daughter sleep on my chest.
damn. tweet limit on my personal
Friday productivity across the district is about to hit new lows...
Once I get things sorted with my health & w/ the cafe, I'm all yours. I believe in the city, its girls/women, soccer & U :)
Congrats on tweet #350. I remember the first like it was just yesterday.
Literally scared the shit out of Harley with
if Jefferson commits to Kentucky, do you think that will have effect on Anthony Bennett's decision?
lol! I hope it doesn't last all week. ._.
Roland I loved your segment! You asked the tuff questions and he couldn't answer them!
good luck on ur midterms. I bet it's so hard to study when you have all those hot girls walkin around. God damn they were fine.
yessir and now we bout to be on the map
Mtg this morning w & talking abt OMGPOP acq, completely blew my mind. Incredible story. Thx for coming!
thanks 4 follow sexy much love from vegas
Awks when I have more in common with the directionator I'm supposed to loathe than any of my average friends. CRAP.
as well!
aww luv u aliyah and good job wit ur season this yr i hear good things keep it up negro
"But I gotta leave you alone."
I DO I LOVE YOU >:O
that's too bad
Thanks for the following! I have a soft spot for the #Southern_Belle!
Awesome! I've met Daniel Watson briefly, seen his wares, and have been recovering ever since! Amazing!
to go to Dallas for the weekend or not hmm
Thanks for the follow back!
Nick, Nice read on the
Thanks Rebecca, glad you enjoyed it.
Haha, can you do that?? There's a guy Nathan "Flutebox" Lee that's kind of fun to listen to.
Hit the follow button for and get 200+ followers overnight #TeamFollowBack LEGGO
Alexander McQueen wrote his suicide note on a catalog of Wolfe von Lenkiewicz's work. spoke to Lenkiewicz in bit.ly/afterzine2
My home-girl Dayna says there will be glitter farts being farted in Stratford tonight. Hey man, I'm just repeating what I was told
thank u so much I didn't know you changed you're twitter name !!
Hello Twitter World! How has the beginning of the semester been for you? Fill us in!
Woot!!! :-) RT : Used 's Artic Questions app today...my student loved it! So fun! Well done, Erik.
It doesn't matter how much you love someone... If it doesn't work out, you just gotta move on!
Here I am and I stand so tall just the way I'm supposed to be-and you're onto me
got my iphone fixed #tearsofjoy #finally!
idk I saw KeKe at one of the industry meetings wit I'm not doing that type ish no mo, want a diff crowd
Ah, hmm, when is it? Still might b worth it if u can get there...?!
Happy with after two visits. Lovely wine, tasty food, friendly service. More wines under $10/glass would make it better.
I will look into BitKinex if I can't resolve this We narrowed problem to either a bad data issue or a too much data issue
REMINDER: ICC to launch Incoterms 2010 at major conference in Paris at the end of next month. See ICC website.
Salsa Band Debut was a FLAMING success!!! Next performances ar e next month at The Olive Branch on March 5th and other venues to be announc…
Always nice to wake up to a Tribe win!
love this! just like your wrist says ;)
thxs for following me.have a good weekend.
up early to chase this $$$$$$
Somebody just saw SHAME. LOL.
That's what the UT pays its great photographers to do. I love the photo we used.
Choose your Bestfriend I had the same prob and I got cheated on the end and don't have my Bestfriend/bro anymore :/
#swing collaborative #Conversations in perfect pitch song. © dmp
- Sorry about you feet hurting. Have you tried Z-CoiL shoes?
HELL YEA!
oh,no problem:D
Good morning.
correct you should be hungry and eat every two hours!
What a beautiful day! Home from work now and heading out for walk. Got Chili in the crock pot. Love "neat and tidy" days!
Rule is stupid. Refs shouldn't decide the game. Neither they nor the half-assed rules are bigger than the competition.
Are you looking for a handyman to take care of your unfinished projects? I can help you with this task. Thanks for your time.
I believe this too. | RT : I have to believe Mr Colson just heard a Galilean voice say, "I was in prison and you visited me."
has some1 ever told you your one sexy mofo.? Well I'd not now u can say yes!<3 #teamfollowback #TEAMBIEBER NEVERSAYNEVER:)FM<U+E32D><U+E32D>
I remember when I saw Linkin Park in concert with /: <3
So tired goin off 2 hours of sleep
relax & enjoy the day, your time is coming!
RT : That awkward moment when someone skinnier than you says "I'm so fat." and you're like -___-
Not really into clubs, but I can tell you the best places to shop for home interiors accessories and designer fabrics.
good news
On the way to an exciting #NYCArcUser Group Meeting with Esri President Jack Dangermond presenting.
Learned today what hormones do to my sixteen year old son! Not pretty :)
The Boston Tea Party was so terribly ill-mannered.
YES WE MET! No hug!
#NorthLondonIsRed Damn right it is
The only two things that actually pissed me off recently were the 'texting me off of his phone saying shit' and Juan on the bus today.
#RichardBranson Poised Creation in San Diego would like to pay homage!!
In 2011 there were more violent deaths in Mexico than in Iraq, Afghanistan, Yemen, and Somalia COMBINED.
Of course, I'm just assuming Charlie Sheen has seen movies like Casablanca... that might be a big assumption.
Lets go
When you tell me it's okay I just wanna spend the day wasting away.
The Panel: Provocative Architecture
We'll be cruising by - keep an eye out for beer-con cards. Could be a discount code!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 15
Refreshing to hear indigenous communities held up as best theorizers of SUST! (not that there's anything wrong with DWG)
ditto for me!! RT : The #everylove campaign makes me tear up every time
90% profit on sodas and 10% profit on fruit/vegetables.
i'm so glad. I need it too.
merry christmas to all, and to all, shut the fuck up
Go follow my other fan account !!! i will follow everyone back on there and list u 20x :)
Dispersal order 14th & Broad, protesters surrounded, ordered to move north
have been working hard for weeks to bring you tonight's HH and Arts event. Be there!
can someone please build a beach in charlotte? dang.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away. Happy Friday!
sounds like a new reality tv show: the reality housedolls of Point Loma!
Love getting to the gym in PB early on a Sunday. So many walk-of-shamers out and about. And in the most ridiculous outfits.
If you can get to Portland Saturday i'm gonna be there and I can bring you a phone.
Rosenburg on the history of 'data' -- OED is right, Google wrong
Agreed! RT <U+2601>Storms<U+26A1> are so sexual!!! :)
3 out of 5, it was interesting but nothing new, I have seen all those scenes b4 on other movies....hm
Reminder about your invitation from John Jr
Yesterdays filming went AMAZING! We killed it! Fingers Crossed For Great #Success To Come Guys! :)
Friends:your a wierdo Me:thats why you love me Friends:yea yea I GUESS :-D
good job on the trio dance, it was 3, 10's for me. The girls were amazing. Bring ur A game on every dance.
Sweet! and minty!
Sunday pitching can't miss: Weaver vs. Verlander
ask out please (;
RT I seriously fall in love with Canon EOS 1100D :)
PUSH ME. IM RARIN TO PUSH BACK...
I'm having trouble getting Inspire GT connected to my new computer. Anyone have any ideas? I think the firewire cable is shot.
its always a good day when you can use Tyler, the Creator in your college finals
Does your school or district have a plan for digital curriculum? Who will manage it and how?
lol....that's why I just listen to guys like Greg Anthony and Clark Kellogg.
How do you get up from an all time low? You go see !! Can't wait for March 25! :)
<U+2764> Stole My Heart <U+2764>
Franklin Graham is on the stage now, great way to spend Saturday night.
So, what's the best #twitter #app for #android? Plume crapped out on me so I'm giving tweercaster a try.
En route to Louisville to pick up and #toocoolfortwitterTrout to round out the #bourbonchase team.
FDA publicly issued report on hundreds of overdoses invlving brain scans at other hospitals.Errors had been discussed publicly in Congress
Jennifer Lawrence auditioned for Bella in #Twilight & Emma Stone's role in Superbad. Glad she never gave up & nailed #HungerGames!!
Come on boyzzz lets clean this shit up & win this game! Yeahzaa
That's not your aunt
Rodney Harrison says #Saints better than #Packers..despite Packers beating Saints and 2 game lead!
RT : You do Monica's hair her hair Always looks good keep up the good work. thansk love
hey no problem! Great to meet you guys
lol. I was on the phone 1 day when I got into my car and forgot where I was about to go. I almost went back in the house.
I don't know who else my dude but when I last talked to my cuz rafi he said ppl were quitting left an right <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Making bad decisions w/ at
In a funk and no one to pull me out. I haven't missed these nights.
The one time in 4 weeks I watch football and the Bills do their best imitation of the Colts.. Sigh.
Click bang bang to ya mother fukin head
LMAO! RT“: Tah, if my nudes got out I'd embrace that shit. I look damn good naked. #holla”
Young gays don't hate on me cause you see yourself where I am:mid 40's and no longer the belle of the ball.Learn to do stuff.Cuteness fades
Where tf did I go wrong
Hey joan, how r u? it's been quite a while since I've tweeted u lol....
shout outs anyone want one ?
LeBron James may win an Oscar for acting before he wins an NBA Championship.
Cardio on empty stomach first thing in morning, good or bad?
#thingswedoatthemovies sit all the way in the back so that you can text and cant nobody complain about the light from your phone
Being with until 230 am :-)
who you talking to, specifically? Huh?
When all else fails, take matters into ur own hands
Littlest Arguments Are The Worst <U+2639>
News from 1861HQ: the first song of Volume 2, From The Famine To The Front (the #Irish in the #CivilWar) was composed today.
Glad to know another inventor.
I already know what I want for my New Year's resolution like this year. Find a 100% decent love and never look 4 love in the wrong place ;-)
best performance last night was the opening<3 not only because you were in it, but because you killed it<3
I'm almost done paying mine off (couple more years) and I was about 65K in the hole. Graduated 5 years ago. :-/
Men say they don't care Oprah is leaving. But wait until their wives have nothing to do anymore and want to talk. Then they'll care.
Yuck. Glad the stitches are out though.
Everyone should tweet HAPPY BIRTHDAY to
Not extending this year. I will be heading there immediately after KMWorld in DC so I'll be eager for home after.
I think my mind surpasses a lot of people.
I am going to guy cake batter flavored vodka today--yum!!
RT : iDope- iPhone Customizations and Repair is open all day. Come on in and get your fix at iDope!--> They do a great job!
hey shannon. all my family lives out of town. I had to travel to see them, and Easter weekend just wasn't going to work.
TGIF - Celebrate Responsibly
Creative times like these, I really wish I knew how to sew.. or at least had a sewing machine!
I want eggs
There's an easy fix for that problem... Come see us for lunch!
you can't give her up & you know it. You'll see.
Nashville TN USA
ECDC technical buy alert target range .011
Just scrolled through my followed list to find a boy bileber I used to talk to a long time ago.. But I couldn't find him :(
Wish I was in Bristol today to celebrate with the rest of Comm. on our CableFAXIES award for PR Team of the Year!
I refuse to grow up lol
Yesterday was GROUND HOGS DAY!! I saw my shadow, but I guess Phil the Ground Hog didn't, so SPRING IS NEAR!!!
JOHNSON FROM DOWNTOWN!
Someone on my floor is cooking something with lots of garlic and it smells delicious #lunchtime!
Looking For Acting Job! Directors/ Producers Get @ Me!!!!!
Feels amazing to be with the home bros for the night
Job 8:7 Your beginnings will seem humble, so prosperous will your future be.
Just delivered a car filled with food to a pantry in North East Philadelphia.
I'm not sure the Twitterverse is ready for that, but it would be cool.
The amateurs are out tonight!
Do you happen to know what his velo was?
Cool off with Rock Concert Violinist Aaron Meyer from 6 - 9 tonite! Visit firstthursdayportland.com for more info!
I have a few different jobs; producing, acting, teaching- grateful for the opportunities and the variety!
So in other words, a delete button? ;)
I appreciate your disregard of social expectations.
RT : Can Kansas run with Kentucky? 15 of Kentucky’s first 23 points were scored in transition
I tried cleaning therapy this morning. Felt slightly better but bugs me I didn't finish floors.
You could be right and that could be the case, but on the other hand, you might have to work at it to keep it. Who knows.
Following you was worth seeing this tweet ;-) Awake. Alive. Alert. Enthusiastic.
Sometimes I'm afraid 2 update my status on bbm cuz I don't want ppl 2 talk 2 me.
two earthquakes in one day? seriously, oklahoma?
I hate math....
Some of our cast members are doing P90X to get camera ready for 'Rabid Love'- who wants to join them?
Try putting the key in the ignition. This has been another friendly tip on How To Start Your Car, by Sarah™.
Um...I'm guessing Red Robin. They have great fries. And that beer looks yummy!
Sounds like a bird rape going on or something but its just the Rain Forest Cafe...
Is a good singer and she will be aways my number 1 singer
Yes that's true! RT Word on the street is that the chai brownies at are Vegan. Eat up!
This is really cool - nice work.
They say laughter is good for the soul. Tell us about a time you laughed non stop...what was it that made you laugh so hard?
You'll be in my heart
Wish tomorrow were holiday
What's the most annoying Christmas song ever? I vote Springsteen singing Santa Claus Is Comin' To Town
GOD granted us freedom. Even the freedom to disbelieve in God.
just battled a crazy crowd trying to see the aerial show.
Thanks Militant!
They gone go ham on them and the girl they're dating. SMH
Pistanthrophobia is the common fear of trusting people due to past experiences with relationships gone bad.
come on #Lakers!
How I met your mother sucked this past year. Season finale was so predictable...
I'm on a plane to Dallas that has propellers. I'm just a little nervous, y'all.
Very pretty!
It's OK. We all overreact every now and then to things (and people) we're unfamiliar with.
Whoops, forgot about Twitter! Here I am!
Proceed with caution! :) RT : WARNING! Tikka Masala Pizza may lead to addiction! Consume responsibly!
Just like in Seattle if you remember!?!?
My alcoholic friends like to celebrate forty fridays. I do too but I am trying lay low on the alcoholism
Reminder: Your next chance to win tix for #AlvinAiley's return to NJPAC & is at 3pm today. Ready for some trivia?
What&#39;s Next for Nadal?: Fan&#39;s Thoughts
same reason here only my son is turning 2 next month.
As a new academic librarian, finding the tips on communicating changes to faculty quite helpful!
thank you for RTing that!
Why do people slash tires. Geez definitly one of a soldier. My husband had the car parked at work and someone slit our tire. So mad.
#ChuckNorris is not Politically Correct. He is just Correct. Always.
Back at it after a week in the Midwest and realize, to paraphrase badly: my email box weighs a ton.
huge step that NY took yesterday! i'm so proud of my city :)
i can get angry foo... real angry. but it takes a lot to get there lol
NOW WHY WE CANT PLAY LIKE THIS EVERY NIGHT
If you schedule a meeting or phone call don't be too early and NEVER be late. Always be precisely on time.
Tengo un chingo de hambre!! *checks refrigerator* *sees nothing but thanksgiving leftovers* no mames -___-
keep empowering and inspiring
Bravo Scott Diamond! Standing O for you sir!
they just said that straight to your face? Was it just a student or something?
This census is as blunt as the #altac "definition" is broad/evolving. Hope you'll participate in the finer-grained SCI survey, soon!
One 10-hour drive, one 3-hour plane ride and two 2-hour bus rides later, we made it to the wet bar and hammocks of La Fortuna, Costa Rica.
Thank u Vannah...I can't wait to see u...
US Airways = US Glareways, US Stareways, US IReallyDon'tCareways, US Dispairways. Abrasive, unhelpful, lethargic, and rude.
This faculty member is even using Chrome!
this is going to be a horrible day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Will do. Maybe I can get to come with me to Vegas when the trip is scheduled. Two favs + my girl...Wowza.
Just chillin, as usual.
are they painful? ALSO happy late 2 years-on-T day!
Pet peeve: Political postcards with the candidates' sleeves rolled up. You know, because, they'll work so hard for us.
Hi TweetiePies! For those of you in my new home of Alabama got a new FOLLOW for you Lots going on! Hurry up and get on!
yup, nap sounds good.
Love that silky smoove J tonite Mo. Keep it comin!
Appreciate the follow! I enjoyed your book "Give Me Liberty" quite a lot.
Just saw walk by interviewing someone , looking forward to finding out who that was.
Lakes on the Green*
#England Whores named after him & was a Lincoln favorite. Find out why GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon Kindle
the meters still groovin. wish the sound engineers would leave vocal mics on. whats up with that??
babe come online please i miss you x :'( :'(
I'm driving while I tweet...
WAIT. WHY THE FUCK ARE YOU ALL FLIPPIN SHIT ABOUT. LIKE IDK WHAT YOU ARE ALL TALKING ABOUT. YA OK .
already following!
What's your secret?
Shared it on FB and G+ too. Really enjoyed the post!
Ahh peace and quite...just the way I like it!
I hate my math sub. ms. hanson, shes a bitch!
Say hi to Laura for me if you're still with her! :)
Follow up with Gerald Clayton, The Clayton Brothers, Clayton-Hamilton Jazz Orchestra, Mark Rapp, Don Braden, & Sachal Vasandani on Facebook!
Everyone is an expert at something. What are YOU an expert at? Use your expertise to your advantage to get some media coverage!
Emotions suck ain't no need for them
Time to watch some #fullmetaljousting on #Hulu. My inner geek screams in joy whenever I watch this show. But never outloud I swear...
farewell to GB?
Is it a faux pas to have disliked the new Dope Body but have purchased it anyways because Frank is on it?
Brother is trying on his Prom clothes, I love his turquoise shirt! :D
meet me at
Lol, hope he know ion kiss ass. I swear I'm done, but finna hit this water! Bbl <U+2665><U+263A>
so are wipe warmers.
GO SPURS GO! Way to beat the Fakers! BOOM.
IT'S AN AWESOME THING THAT YOU DO! we hear you all the way in Chi-town! Thank you!
In the decades since our practice was established in 1920, Prince George's County has grown in population and complexity.
Gonna try! RT Wow. goal is to improve cardiovascular health of Americans by 20% by 2020. Let's do it! #heartball - NL
Come enjoy new items on our weekly revolving menu.. the Chef has some amazing new items.. try the Bacon Wrapped Carolina Mountain Trout!
Where are you "coasting" from tonight?
Gay gay gay
» True dat True dat!! Only means I can find a side gig today
#NeverShouldYouEver call Justin Bieber gay unless you want a long rant on why he isnt. Just a reminder: its not 2009 anymore. Grow up.
We really really really want to go to Opening Day. But alas, we have no tickets. Sad.
it will make you stronger!
just need some quick fast cash <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
New classes added: LA, Atlanta, Austin, Columbia, Dallas, Washington DC, Denver, San Jose, New York, Phoenix, San Francisco & Mountain View.
best stat from #GameDay this morning from was that Coach Naismith while at Kansas was 0-2 vs. Mizzou!
Come in and enjoy City Tavern #cuisine and let me know when you're in.
RT Discover the things that only you can do, then delegate the rest! Great tip. Love to hear what others delegate.
it has been a great book & I really hope to be able to follow a lot of the stuff in it. I'm only 1/3 done but flying through it.
Half priced bottles of wine and sake tonight! All wine and sake that is!
Ciao Ciao :)
Writing a 3 page major grade essay the period before its due>>>>
Happy birthday 25 years young. Cheers!!!!!!
Nice. You don't have to do a concentration, but they have some interesting ones w differing requirements.
everything most of the time
hope you finally made it!
Psychiatrists are the secondhand smoke of the medical industry.
I bought those and the flats yesterday, they're great!
I hear you. Terrible platform for a good debate. Some day we'll meet though!
Gotta be the best night of college so far!!!
Happy Valentine's Day from 30-A!
someone told me "old" people are not in. hm 78 million baby-boomers in the u.s. and we are not in?
bro!!!! I miss you my man!!! Hope to see you soon(: follow back bro!;)
I'm thinking I should have cheese and chicken ravioli for lunch. I'm really frikkin hungry right now!
Someone I adore has called me a goofball. I'm glad someone finally realized my most important talent. Goofiness, yes that's me.
Love makes you so crazy.
confirmed at RAR
what's good w/u?! U n Austin? I like the word on Ur street baybay<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
The way you treat yourself sets the tone for how you expect others to treat you, if you want respect you must give yourself respect
holy halibut that is awesome!
3pm @ metropolitan lanes
You're tempting us!
sorry ill say that on the next call
Getting the feeling that recall elections in the next two weeks will really be the first primaries of 2012. Sorry, IA and NH.
#KeyWestSongWritersFestival in 2 1/2 weeks. We better start practicing our hang overs :> Who's with me?
Chad Griggs to light heavyweight, will meet Phil Davis at UFC on Fox 4!
Thanks ! RT: Congrats to of as well as the other top Top 5 #SmartPundit2012 !
That awkward moment when you realize the quy that u were with is not really a quy.
#StayAwayFromMeIf you think your cooler then everyone else
Can I call you Mama? (:
You bring up a good question: Apart from the choir seen in an early HP film, does Hogwarts have proper Music Ed.?
Oil is not down 3 percent, it is down almost 4 percent.
that moment when the one person you need to talk to, ignores you..
how common is filtering (ostensibly for porn) on college campuses? just heard (formerly progressive) Antioch College is doing this.
yeah, I can't picture telling my clients "I'm going offline for a year. Please still pay me."
Final 4 celebration today at 4th street 5:30 Walk down and hit the bats game at 7:05
My treasured childhood stuffed animal (Baby Bear) has lost all the fuzz from his nose. It is now all plasticky. Sad, but possibly inevitable
I like BATTLEFIELD EARTH for the same reason as ED WOOD movies. Terrible movies are less boring than mediocre ones.
I haven't been on this in a while
Life is a climb, but the view is great
"ENJOY when you can, and ENDURE when you must." ~ Johann Wolfgang von Goethe <U+2600>
You should follow me back :)
I WAS gonna swim some laps after work, but the acid level is too high. I'm both sad and excited all at the same time. Emotional overload.
My doghouse is shitty. Once you're in it, it takes a while for u to redeem yourself smh
All of the upstairs offices are out, too! Crazy!
well that sounds very cool.
Jody Johnson - you rock!
I'll prolly be in Ms. VanZant's room for 1st hour. :)
I am following to support #ABPRALLIE. You should too if you are interested in winning an $5000 summer gift bag!
Just remembered to eat lunch.
ignition remix on repeat in my head all day!
#ff or he WILL find you, trust me.
I dabbled in archaeology in college. You are exist as an reminder that excavations can yield great results. I dig you.
#swaggy #beliebers keep your head high #beproud cuz we rock oh and justin! I love you so much!!
I seriously do not understand why Primary Choristers insist on writing out the words to songs when 80% of Jr. Primary can't read.
this number needs to decrease. More cities need to build housing facilities for veterans like we do.
John Williams' War Horse score was so obnoxious. Half the reason I walked out of the film half way through.
Eating at waffel house, seeing my friends.
o, o, what's my NPR show?
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 6
emoni says: 2 peas in a pod. me and tay say: niggas in paris. i say: black eyed peas
Hey Dan. I admire the Teabagger's complete disconnect from reality, but I don't want to vote Republican. What should I do?
and this is where discussions about shared values among faculty might be a 1ststep to derive metrics.
tough on the old guy-- gotta be 5 minutes faster next year with new times- opting for goofy in orlando in january instead
A loaded God complex cock it and pull it.
Glenn Robinson
its my birthday ;-)
My dad is singing blink 182.
Breakfast on the beach today <U+263A><U+2764>
sorry not all of us are white
Avoid sticky, sugary foods. If you do eat them, brush immediately afterwards.
It's unusual to discover a business partner who is selfless. If you are lucky it happens once in a life-time.
what about myself and ?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, or better yet, HAPPY SWEET 16!!! I hope it's the best and you get lots of presents:)
The Brew crew plays tonight at 7:10, come in for $2 hot dogs and $3 cans of Damsel and bottles of Louies! It's also Quiz night at 8!
me too when will it be?
it's cool lol I was really just laughing
the more #twinning the more I move up lol
good call!
it was worse seeing all da statuses quoting da joint
Take that,
Have you seen our new website yet? Get inspired with tons of new products and photos! www.eps-doublet.com
RT the sea comes and goes • but it never • apologizes |
Check out Einstein! Music on facebook! =]
OMG I'm going on another cruise to the Bahamas on 12/6 on NCL...get this..is only $159.00!
do you want me baby ?????
getting ready to go out,shopping time :)
Thank you
Turning time outside-in. Time slice corpus & extract bigrams for each. Compute slice Rs. Convert to 1-mode net & cluster. See policy frames.
The minstrel performer T.D. Rice and minstrel show versions of Othello.
Those fake designer bags can convince anybody..(wink wink)
Damn She Fine . #WOP !
TD Aaron Hernandez!!! We figured a tight end would make the different for the Pats but figured it would have been Gronk. Pats lead 17-9.
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date -You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
you should go to the roxy tomorrow, for assemble the skyline. It's there last show and there music is great! :)
Welcome! Hope you enjoy the world of Twitter!
So, CU is adding not 1, but 2, women's sports instead of starting a baseball program? I don't even like baseball but that's ridiculous.
Whew! Very nice ;)
amen sister.
I actually enjoy the first piece of bread...
Pls share with us why you think so :) RT : T U for the follow. We must ALWAYS stand arm in arm with Israel.
slow jams >>
Dilemma: Before an interview, a company asks you to redesign one of their existing systems in a homework assignment. Is it spec work?
Awesome job #UNM!! 75 to 68 Long Beach St
Thanks for the tips, really! You've given me an excellent starting point.
RT A #Taurus female can seem irresistible.
All ready to present on Change Management. Come on down to 204A.
no sir! lol
Why would councillors sanction planning in a flood plain, unless corruption was at play?
Just to let you know, yo soy celoso! :'(
#jhumda Thanks for the tip!
You brought snapbacks back? Well that's a cool accomplishment I'm on the other side on the other globe on a conference.
My friend from college was freaking out because she thought she has a brain tumor because she was seeing a black spot in front of her eyes.
*makes L-shape with hand on head*
No I love you more :) dont! Say it back..
lmao I ain't even like the 1st one jessica alba tho
Doing well Sarah. Just started filming a documentary and having a blast.
"Women demand special rights. Want cure for cancers that only effect women"
Did you know we already have a cure for the stuff that’s killing us? It’s called a healthy immune system.
ugly as ever. Look at those rabbit teeth.
If you never listened to a band called Mae, you need to do it.
oh mother.. lollipop lollipop
thank you guys for your support and help!
The best way to deal with the BS at work is to do legs til I get cripple and have to crawl home!
Drakes music is situational.
You got dumped!!
I hope I can fix my car in time to drive all over Colorado seeing on the Snow kings tour
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists?
Happy Birthday to the late Steve Jobs!
What's this then?
Start your week off right with GEEKS WHO DRINK bar trivia tonight at 7:30!
Work goal for the week. Since 4/15 is 4/17(do not want 2 days) want to NOT work on Saturday 4/14 and swap Monday 4/16 to finish extensions!
School ends June 18. Flying home to see friends June 22. Gonna be a GOOD summer :)
Thanks so much for the follow, Matt! Have a happy holiday!
So excited for you!! Enjoy this journey.
Totally blew it RT : Every1 who thinks & refs blew that fumble call, tweet them hate mail!
#kindle will only delete books that are not erotic novels and I'd like to get the busty blonde off the bookshelf. Conspiracy?
Im so happy, excited, and proud! My little bro becomes an officer in Friday! The kid will end up in the FBI/CIA like he wants
Good Morning. Everybody! Today you should have some Pineapple.
i feel your pain! lol all i can say is meet the duggers haha
I was so depressed in like the 1st fucking grade. Shit was tough. I was heartbroken.
Opening our doors to students looking for a place to study during finals!
oh how's it like there??
I'm done with school. Now what the heck do I do with my life o_____x
Good Morning World! Don't be late for Praise & Worship today. Did you remember to set your clocks up one hour?
: mostly quiet, my favorite :-)
David #Muir is at the #NHdebate and looks like he hasn't slept in months. Then again, he probably hasn't.
Thanks to the PALs who joined our Policy Team at the State House yesterday for #EarlyEd #Advocacy Day; your stories are powerful!
"i was having a bad day yesterday, so I went on Facebook and looked at pictures of your cats" <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>
been going through it. But I'm stil living so fuck it
Question re yr ad in WAPO Sun that said you are glad yr mother left Canada. Isn't Canada more lefty comfy? Or is it NFLD?
Oh haymitch, please haymitch put the bottle down for the life of a tribute.
you girls are soo sweet. :)
Friday morning brunch sounds great! From 11 to 3, we've got our brunch and lunch menus available, and 2-4-1 Bloodies and Mimosas.
Doing the taxes while listening to B.B. King sing "The Thrill is Gone." I know he was talking about something else, but I know the feeling.
I dig the idea.
Quote from my recap: Grayson often seems like the only contestant with a grasp on both her cooking and social skills.
awesome! i think you'll really like theM!!!! :) it's like acoustic pop love songs!! :)
Mr. may i bother you for a goodnight/iloveyou too Taylor? Yeah my name is Taylor Yup 17's the age almost legal:) (flips Hair:)
Sorry ass lakers RT : Niggas forget they have warm weather RT : No I just didnt see Tampa being compared to Detroit. Ol' sh
Louisiana forgives you but are you ready to live #deepintheheart? Do really sing it all the time i.e. Pee Wee's Big Adventure
Comedian offers clever and hip humor that's never based on stereotypes. Come see him at ROUTES on Mar. 11
hope your back isn't too bad we got a game next tuesday. I don't want Jr in the outfield with me he can't catch!
Where gloves
THANK YOU!
Innovation comes slowly to elections. Still using punchcards and dumbed down terminals.
And good riddance to it! This year's been such a mixed bag, eh sis?
Began my spring semester with a horrendous hour-and-a-half commute.
freeresortbeach.info New Post - Im a vegitarian looking to book.... Read it now at <html> <head><title>410 Gone</title></head> <body bgcol
So true
preds will make a comeback.
Don't worry-we don't have an awkward photo booth! MT : It's Drama Prom day. May it go better than my high school prom.
how tall are you? My guess is about 5'10"?
I'm just sayin..
hi(: how are you?
Latest version of Skype got rid of dreaded dial pad popup but not its peddling Facebook every few secs lol
lyrics to Running on Empty by Jackson Browne
CELEBRATE: What is one really cool thing that happened this week?
“: Volleyball is just a more intense version of 'Don't let the balloon touch the floor.'”
Hey guys, I'm tweeting once again :D
Why does spring break have to be in the coldest week
I think if I watched that movie by myself I'd have a heart attack
I love you girl.Your my everything to me when i go to bed & when i wake up your on my mind.
Going to mcyd's to check out this so called "fruit and oatmeal." I hope this one is as good as the
Whose coming to the topless pool tomorrow
RT if you love your job
haha hell yes :-)
go get 'em at the Philly marathon! enjoy that post-run cheese steak.
can't you be considerate and burn me that CD?
#makeyourfreethrows is going to be up there with
RT : I hate the noise of my alarm. It just reminds me that I have to get up just to spend the day at school with people I hate.
Fascinating discourse on cultural diplomacy
can one of you crazy women bring me a crumpet, please?
Awkward moment when u cant find a rock.
lol I'm going to #iProspect Boston for a change!
I be getten Trippy like my guy Real shit #Rolling$tone
My flight attendant said that the word of the day is "oops".
A little bird just told me that Drush sql-cli (and a number of other interactive commands) are now allowed on Pantheon. ;)
app may not be the best word. Maybe better described as a social shopping add-on.
u got skillz kid keep it up(;
love the bangs!!
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
I'm really loving the heavy, sweet psychedelic music of ! Tour kick-off Sounds pink Floyd-esque right now
Hot Beir Sausage only $4.50! Hazelnut Brownies today!
wats the latest... am I going to see u out here or what!?!?
What do you think of the tournament so far?
: Agreed. The 'Bob' name stems from a long history of hiding from people I know on the internetz. Started as Bob Robertson.
RT "In many classrooms, the smartboard is just the new blackboard."
Dont trust anybody in todays world..
Layover in San Diego for my return flight from Vegas to Denver #OppositeDirection but
At least the house didn't tell you to "Get out."
Thanks organizers, workshop volunteers, participants, host, and sponsors for a fantastic #thatcamp bay area 2011! See you next year!
Ok everybody it's been fun being guest tweeter again. I have to get out and e on TV again. This is send me some team pics bye
It's been so long since I've heard live music. Shame on me!
how so?
Why is it that when elderly pts come into the hospital I get 4 different med lists from 3 different people and their pharmacy?
Trying to figure out the best way to cash out my stars balance before wsop and moneybookers is giving me endless hassle, easier way?
Thats gonna be an awesome session, pls do live tweets RT Going to see , tom bishop, and gallucci at
FOLLOW ME PSANDERS<21 I love you!
Just got me 8 #Brewers tickets for $4.13 each! Hell yeah. Thanks
i've written about welcoming mosques could try asking instead of assuming I'm a bigot.
Hate that so much!
IN Lisbon, I mean.
VIP WHAT
is justin really in nyc....?
worse than remaking footloose? or making a movie based on the game battleship?
yes please!
Haha, Xavier Avery HAS made it to the big leagues. He's playing in tonight's game.
Get him done, got him did. Finishing the research paper up.
Planking in your kitchen.
thank u Kristine. My colleague David took it. And thank u for RT.
oh sex house and drugs retweeded my shout out to you... Awk
Ocean City is freakin fabulaus n FYI lifes a beach lmao life is good
The season premiere of Hawaii 5 O was good!!! Now I'm watching Castle
ok buh yu got a washing machine?
comin to see y'all!
Now I gotta find a new barber. I just can't deal. I coulda swore I said 4:30
my old shit is still better than your new shit
Thanks for the awesome #Moroccanoil hair treatment today!
Austin has been in newspapers, on tv, had concerts&he still isn't verified? He would love to be verifired! RT if you think he should be <U+2665>
Sao pretty mami my name I Eric from new York te amo:)
Vampire Life I live it and I love it
well, I guess that's true, but definitely if I was a coach on a TV talent show....
Good idea. Hard to say no to a cute baby :)
not since the last time I called. U?
To all the hampden folk, food has been served, get down here quick. To High Rollers, I have your prize
that's what I said. It was a hot topic issue... most overruling any denim what-so-ever.
put your hatta blockers on lol
I love stormy weather <3
So I got a few more treats left...whatever it is im willing to sell for $5 each so I can go ahead and make a new batch. Hmu
Community helps 2. Advocacy is ... Action means ur not frozen, not helpless. Counteracts feeling of cancer.
There Will Be Nap
thanks luv u too
when a #drupal7 person says "test HEAD", what do they mean?
Chef de Partie or Junior Sous Chef. I can send you my resume if you'd be interested in keeping it on file.
On Ramp is on!
turned in her Seminar paper. Yay! And is moving on to her Hellie paper. Boo.
WOOOHOO it's ON. Let's hit Indy too!! Where else!?
Exciting! Best of luck!
:D Ugh, why can't we just get married already, like come on bro xD lmao FIE DOLARA CHINA TOWN
please follow me. 143 :)
excellent condition. it was a box set, so the records are in good shape
Ikr! ur fone is fucked up ;) why are we tweeting when we're right next to each other? :) i missed you girl! Its good 2be bak
That is, assuming that critics act as a sort of representative voice of the general audience community?
That's new to me, wow!
okay darling! Talk to you later! :) good luck on the test!!
Mt Rainier, Paradise Inn: September 25th can't get here fast enough!
Watching a Taco Bell commercial makes me wish there was one 15 feet from my house.
The 1 habit of highly successful people: Work your quacking arse off scooter-face.
So #proud of my pumpkin :-) YoungandGifted
Food 4 thought RT But U have to feed him 1st RT : That's true.": Only Art Can Save Us #librotraficante"
seems like the Broncs didn't give a darn about their QB Tebow....they were happy to dismiss him...your take?
How long does a harp stay in tune? About twenty minutes, or until someone opens the door.
thanks for the follow(:
Damn lookin sexy!!
Looks like the #vikings are trying to atone for the Herschel Walker trade.
Should come out Christmas. Make sure you tell friends to go to the site and BRING IT! ttp://tinyurl.com/42oy8ll
Expect the unexpected
Great District 10 ADDYS tonight. I'm bringing home some for SA!
I feel like this game is just toying with my emotions.
hope your day has been filled with the love of Jesus
VoiceOver CASTING CALL: YOU MUST BE AVAILABLE NOW! Please submit headshots and resume to
of SWStheband: "We love playing in Vegas. It's always a crazy time. I get my sh*t ripped off when we play here.
good morning my love
aww thank u do much. :) u know I'm workin hard
Long live the
lol,yea same here and getting full.Did u hear the email
Forgot my license at home so having to sneak into MOA with
haha. Routine feels good, doesn't it?
CFO: Looking at 10 yr phase in for retirement age, will look at yrs of service/vesting & feather in. Rahm: None of this will be cold turkey.
Tryin to blow dry my hair with a sunburned scalp = #FAIL <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Lmao seat belt checks ! Funny as fuck
Current RealFeel® Temp: 36° I guess that’s why this B-Line trolley is blasting the A/C.
im just a Dictator remember?!
Just picked up Where Things Come Back from the library. Glad to hear it's a wonderful read!
climbing back up the hill that is German
Auditioned for industrial yesterday and used a prompter for the first time.
"Who doesn't wake up and look at their smart phone first thing?" asks . One person raised their hand.
We are on the same page with the bed thing.
No.... Cassidy.
Lost our dog Found our dog
I love him<3 yummy.(;
Just found chocolate in my desk. There is a god.
I was just thinking that lol
Tired of these annoying people!!!!!!ugh
CN: You're right. We can't do this vision without the money right now. It's an educational vision.
Very excited and honored to be selected to design the Maryland 9/11 Memorial made possible because of
sup homeslice? U get my dm?
Not this time. thank jeebuz.
so i'm looking 4 artist fayetteville or willing to come perform fayetteville 4 my event on the 27th hit me up if interested 9104947955
you wouldn't happen to have the lyrics to Yiy near you that you could send to me? Working on the Indy show.
sounds like fun!
No kidding! It's awesome outside. (And my stupid email suddenly isn't connecting from home.)
Life is lovely. We are blessed. How are you?
Bob Sinclair tonight get your glow sticks
I could always be your escort around town!
niall horan do you like sushi?
:) Survived Another-Lets make the week FLY :)
Spicy food gives me the hiccups. <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> apparently it hereditary because my da has the same problem. Sad. I like spicy stuff :)
Travis stays with his wife and loves her and loves her and is responsible, respectful toward women. Mike on the hand has abandoned his wife
RT : Courtesy of : If you could have dinner w/4 Negro Leaguers who would they be?
"Here take this" says the bartender. "Thanks for the free Heineken." I say. Can't complain about that.
Lady:Hold your horses. Me: um I have unicorns so fuck off.
We just had a visitor in the other day named Debbie Reynolds. We can get you in touch with you if you wish. Just let us know.
Training over. Vanderbilt University is a breathtakingly beautiful campus. Now back to Louisville.
It's been a while since any of us have posted anything haha. Hopefully more PAK videos will be coming soon, we'll keep yall posted. =)
Can you DM me the account telephone number and refresh my memory what the issue was?
RFTTTTT": I hate when I think my nails are full dry and I go to sleep, and when I wake up they're all retarded and messed up<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>"
ask reliable sources on sn sites what keeps them up at night and then plan material accordingly.
Just tried the new butternut squash soup at Garrison's, topped with a maple cream... AMAZING!
Goodmoring :D dam I sleep way too much .....
I know right? Together = UNHOLY paper attaching/separating powers!
This fucking essay man....
Just finished Atul #Gawande's "Checklist Manifesto" - great read.
If someone made a pierogi shake, I'd at least try it.
have you ever heard sparks? Do a YouTube search - they are fucking awesome.
everybody has done that song..
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother
Thank you Mayor. RT Yes! RT : You are a FAMILY MAN. Do you support GAY MARRIAGE for NEW JERSEY?
2 wins in row awesome job NYK, damn shame Melo will have to win a title to get the media off him, Let's go!
Grandparents over <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
When you gonna release Standing on the moon?
okay 1). I'm not handsome. I'm motherfucking Beautiful! Read my Bio b*itch ^_^
Was a life-changing year, I'm not gonna lie. Couple of interesting surprises at the end.
What Up I Can...Give You That,,,#LateNightSpecial!!
MONEY IS NOT EVERYTHING
Awesome! Was it about graduation?? I will look at the print version. They might post the video later.
happy mothers day
We're back in the twitter game folks, going to start tweeting up a storm!
Hey, no prob! I'm an LIS undergrad at U Maine (distance program). Absolutely love every second of it.
No game today they're off. I'm jonesing for my Sox, but they need days off. I hope they come back friday refreshed tty all later.
Why go 2 a BIG BOX store and TRY to find help. Call Ur #Pella Fella NOW. (505)918-6339 or
lil yep I am who is yer favorite guy from 1D? Mine is niall horan
I've had so many people say that they look forward to the movie version of 'The Faithful' that I'm working on the screenplay now.
Every time I watch Sports Night it's a happy/sad moment of "oh my God, it's so good..." And then "Oh, my God, there's no more Sports Night."
...And that is perhaps the best thing ever. I don't even mind whining in Wookie-speak.
Why, yes as a matter of fact, I have! Thank you for noticing CC.
CPC decent first level - up 14000 from 10000 starting stack. Love my table
#saturdaynightconfessions I ate a ladybug when I was little because I wanted to be like Phil and Lil off of the Rugrats.
Straight drop
Back then, artists made tons on touring (though most blew it all). This was before the 360s...
i have Skype setup here but never used it does it cost anything to skype with you
party only once every four years! :)<---I guess making it to social security age is out of the question
It's 2012. Are there really still websites that haven't figured out how to allow you to save a password in your browser?
This Must Be The Place (Naive Melody) by Talking Heads ALWAYS cheers me up... Just saying!
well NOW I do too
Just had a student shrug and smile when I asked her which reading she would use for which section of the essay. Wish she'd been in class y.
Dialing for dollars today . Hope everyone is having a great day .
xCommerce...i have feeling it's going to be a new ecommerce concept. Look at these guys :), domain with one letter.
We will be closed on Easter Sunday (April 8)...Have a nice Easter!
when is the release date
can't get say somethin out of my head... gonna end up singing it at school tomorrow. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
"Somethin' bout a truck.." (:
Dr. Stephen Bagnato from the Early Childhood Partnership to speak with his son Mark on childhood development.
thats his baby
I'm so glad Justin has wrote a song for his mama, down to earth is still one of my favourite songs, my bby.
Thanks for the follow JosAnn. Great to be connected!
I just wanna go to sleep..
Girl we grown and he ain't gon treat you right, then I ain't gon treat you wrong<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
RT to help a musician in your life… Visit www.musiciansbusinessdictionary.com for a free music business education.
lmao have fun be careful you dont run into that bitch who blew you up
Good job bob cats!!!!!!! Going to regionals!!!!!!! #excitedtweet <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+263A><U+26BE>
you are just going to have to talk to that young man!!!!
Love is the most mind blowing emotion there is. Love hurts.
i wanna get some nike pumps
Completed day 18 only to come home and eat the worst possible homemade pizza with ricotta,pesto,and mozzarella. Yummy in my face.
Having some Jack Stack for lunch my last BBQ meal before I start smashing carbs in my face. I love tapering
I have learned much of Starbucks tea lingo today. A dirty chai is apparently chai tea with espresso shots.
#Madonna is boring & lip sync-ing
big show
Setting up pre-production for one of our upcoming videos... Love is love, which means you guys are gonna love us even more after this 1...
After First Friday, come to the Bug Jar for Roc Chip 17. I'm doing visuals for five bands!
No school might have a swim meet though I hear from the other swimmers
A Records Search with Risk Assessment Report can help save you money by helping you avoid Phase I reports.
is getting there....
I thought it was hilarious how Maxwell and CJ thought they drew walks. A little too optimistic...
Very nice Tammi,people are going to hate you now.CONTINUE
Right? Cracks me up when that happens.
Q4 I also have a lot of freedom to run things however I want. Our c-dev policy is "Purchase at librarian's disgression." Woot!
is getting pretty excited about the new site coming January 1st! It's all about bringing value to the World!
you get to the Bruins game today?
"A real boyfriend knows his girl like the back his hand. he knows when she's mad, sad, aggravated, happy, hurt, because that's his girl."
if only I knew what that meant.
Tiffany's was where I was looking! Absolutely dying. Too beautiful.
After my exam this afternoon, I will be free!
oh, I been codin'
Great!!!! My email address is
for what..?
Turk-o-3
GOOD LUCK !!!
The Benz is causing South American Dictator fantasies :-) I really need to find a kinky chauffeur!
Hanif's Case of Exploding Mangoes accidentally perfect train-reading to a talk on the brotherhood of the Eastern European secret police.
Also helps to spell genius correctly when speaking of genius.
I think I just made a new friend.
Dublin, England??? :)
nuh uh!!! wasnt it a basketball u hit me with?? Blondes are highly cordinated!!
DMX Gone Make Me Cry... :(
you up tweeting let's hit the gym I got a pass for you
Yes, we did, and it was fantastic. (Also, that's not our knee-jerk reaction to big news, which is the issue here.)
His were always the best *places hand over heart* I miss him so much.
Good morning world! Let the busy week begin.
haha u r mean jk.. but the kid doesnt have any game lol his pick up line r soo old school
we won't be packed until then either! Can't believe it's in just a couple days! Yay!
I really want to see Jafar Panahi's 'This is Not a Film.' Unlike Magritte's pipe game, this 'effort' is a thing that CANNOT be what it is.
out of school on summer break so its back to the money ! ian running the streets this summer. its too much goin on ! & i love my life !
thanks man
With the rat, bro, kitty, and ivan?
Had a great time on the Christmas Extravaganza episode of The Shakedown tonight! Merry Christmas & support local music!
why thank you :)
thx for following keep up the good work
thanks mama!! xo
Me too!!!.RT : Think I'd take one of each.
me too (except I'm going with my man rather than wife) ...very excited to see it.
San Jose CA
NIALL YOU'RE NOT ONLINE BUT I LOVE YOU AND follow me please?x
Who's going to send a video to the #WhatMakesYouBeautifulContest?
Fall! Time for all things pumpkin.
listening to the whole #onedirection album for the first time. Goodness gracious, now I know why they are such a big deal. NEW NSYNC !
Busy day...packing, sorting & photo shoot for a friend after school =)
hahah that was probably one of the best tweets ever
Open The Books, NFL Owners! Be Transparent & Bargain in Goodfaith...
Send in questions/comments for presenters to respond using hashtag
In the famous words of the Beatles, "Won't you please, please help me?!" Site is hacked, infected, blacklisted.
Why any Americans were burning any books in Afghanistan anyway that accidentally included Korans? Are we Nazis?
The wait continues.. observers second guessing jurors faces. The laughed. Does that mean today they will pull together?
Casualty of #GregFest?
There is a big difference between intention and motivation..Intention is "wanting" but Motivation is doing and going beyond.Stay motivated;)
The best gadgets and tech for the new grad.
yes, it's me who is stealing your netflix n watchin all those bad lesbo movies.
HUGE!!!! Eventbrite putting event on National home page!
The Giver by Lois Lowry: Play nice or die & don't ask too many questions.
We have a great respect for legendary composer Johannes Sebastian Bach!
{Follow me and I follow back.}
Thanks for the mention!
Don't be sorry heaux be careful ": My bad heaux RT : That text clearly wasn't for me!"
Does this effect me? I'm eligible my upgrade.
almost to my 18,000 tweet. i need a life.
The answer is none. None more black.
No matter what else happened, I can count the day as productive if I go to sleep in clean sheets :)
Direct msg tom felton and please tell him to follow me can you please
GMT International Inc has negotiated an outstanding deal an hr ago. Looking at 7 figures in next 12 months.
I just see it as getting my money's worth, playing the WHOLE course.
getting ready for bed
HA this is a good one for all the #iPhone people out there: shitsirisays.com
Live the life you want to live. Be the person you want to remember. Make decisions, make mistakes. If you fall, at least you tried.
Karma is a bitch. She doesn't play nicely.
#Tax time! I'll give u a free consultation over last year's tax return 2 make sure you got everythig back you should have.
Happy <f0><U+009D><U+009B><U+0091> day, everybody. Time to be irrational. Like you need an excuse.
I can help with that. Because you obviously need help.
I don't trust anyone who uses more than 2 hashtags in a tweet. 3 is over the top. 4 is just shameless.
Now Peter Schaefer on Why/What is the Ether in the Ethernet?
For those of you who aren't following, the US govt just handed over a Chinese dissident to PRC who was likely seeking asylum (news=lies).
Oh haha (: If people hate something about me I tend to do it more.
Some #CRE service providers and news sources from the #GCP list
1-2-3 inning for NC State in the 2nd. Bowdren, Hawkins, M. Harris due up for
I wasn't liking it! I put on a hat!
Awesome service, thanks!
Love The Way You Lie Lip Sync<3 #AlexAndAustinMemories :) -Sarah
2/6/1777->W. Shippen: Finding the Small pox to be spreading much...I have determined that the troops shall be inoculated.
Happy TUesday :)
the axe murderer !!
hello thanks for the follow, god bless
This does not sound even a little displeasing! :D
Wow! Tonight's episode of #touch is pretty cool Well done
nothing. Our lives suck.
Great page! I love what you do with these bands!
LA Book Prizes ceremony... I have chosen my socks.
Yes! RT : In other news, is walking!
Or they mama ain"t shit
AND JUST LIKE THAT... MY SPIRITS WERE LIFTED.... ;-)
its goin down right now....doug e. fresh up next!
Just interviewed Nicole Murphy (Eddie Murphy's HOT ex-wife!). I was short and wishing to be re-born as her:)
Can't wait to see what Chef Kurt from cooks up on #KUSI tomorrow with and - don't miss it!
Studying for my exam.
I would love it if you would write to me, or RT or anything =)
can't wait for ODF 10'---Crew vs. Rockies on Monday
Still in awe a day after viewing Abdel Kechiche's amazing Black Venus. It was relentless!
It was fun! But there's alway Twitter.
operation condor!
good looking out :)
I've had several peeps state that 's and my video about is "funny" but I haven't seen it. Is that funnyhaha or.
I don't understand the mysterious wind that occurs while I'm showering that causes the curtain to gravitate towards me.
cool, let me know, Sounds tickets on me!
Kiwanis pancake breakfast in the park this morning.
I just got a text and the only response I could come up with was "what the hell could you possibly want?"
That's me RT You ever felt like the realest nigga alive
#myweakness a foreign girl
not judgement but education.
The only happy people I know are the ones who are working well at something they consider important. ~ Abraham Maslow
KANT NOBODY CHANGE YOU..YOU HAVE TEW WANNA CHANGE YOURSELF
Nice night so far
If She Smoke #Cigarettes I Can't Fuck With Her No Matter How #Badd She Is!!!!
Might go into modeling<3
your welcome :))))
why. &what is that supposed to mean.
People twersonalities are cooler than them in real life <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
: thx for follow. I was just talking about you yesterday w ! We should chat sometime...
Just in case in case i didn't make myself clear: Bugger, buggery bollocks, Bugger,Bugger, buggery bollocks Bugger, buggery bollocks
right? i so need sleep
Trust your users. - basis for UGC and ensuring accuracy/relevancy/community
I just want my car fixed already. >_>
= AVI JACKER, it's ok I still love her tho<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
What I learned in HR today; there are no ginger laws and hair color is not protected under Title VII.
: Quitters stop when they R tired. WINNERS stop when they're FINISHED! What's it gonna be? #Motivation #winning"
80s reference that rhymes with "rye ro ralled rife"?
you see Team Mindless go hard :) Hello #1 *Does MB dougie* :D
i might be Mr. right
Is that Bill Gates playing trumpet in the KU pep band????
I Love Mah New Iphone :D
ran out of time :/
Good shit drew
chillin wit sosa he ah real nigga
Beer with toasted coconut flavor is paleo, right?
Well we've been playing as a band for a little more than several months now. And there was a period of writing before then.
Just don't sweep me this week, ok?
Happy Birthday!!!
keep following me and my friend please..luv all bbl
Nobody sung the Super Mystery jJackpot Song last night at either the Brat or Ale House, so the pot is now up to $70
Nowhere better in the world to be during the summer but
with how slow work is, i shouldve pregamed it
It's 4am I must be lonelayyyy. I miss my baby monkey!
Sometimes you read an email and you just have to LOL, literally.
Hire a lawyer who is thoroughly knowledgeable and experienced in reducing speeding tickets
man 4get labron lol even tho he my favorite player I'm always goin the pacers! They got a good team we just got a few soft ones!
haha! Oh goodness. Hope we make it that far! ;)
Agree. Suarez is convincing. RT : Michael Suarez, head of , says "A digital book is not a book." Agree/Disagree?
you know loans a horndog but her ewh he could atleat got a pretty girl
Before you judge me, why don't you judge that person you see in the mirror ever day
I watched the full Black & White Thang album on fb today. I spent an extra hour at the gym!
“: If something is 14.5 how would you round that to the nearest whole number? Settle a debate for me.” 5 and over you round up.
Im still waiting on my baby the day half gone now :( Rly missing her!!
Well don't think I can I go to da movies..Smh
happy birthday Zack!:)
that's better <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
We are looking forward to a Toronto audience because #Detroit loves
workin that ill drive through
The weather in Tucson Arizona is good today, like the sunshine a lot, HOHO
AC supposedly isn't on sale til tomorrow but there are already 100+ AC tix on StubHub :( yes, still ticketmaster...
Another great showcase w/ this morning's CD, Cara Chute (). That gal knows her comedy! So informative.
99 problems and none of these bitches ain't 1
Hey my cousin is coming to town in April and she wants to see you so bad she lives in Mexico and went to your concert but she
To answer your question, we would love a "train the trainers" workshop this summer .. but doubt we'll be dropping EndNote soon.
a shout out to all the big booty models!!
you were teasing your mom, but in reality mothers need more than a single day.
Wao it sounds perfect! I love white and fruity wines, thanks!!
Holy crabaloo. sent a heap of my blog posts to my Facebook Fan Page -- & I don't even have the app enabled on my page!
Apple software updates are ridiculous in the length of time they take. For crying out loud... finish already!
I like the first choice; or we could incorporate 2 meanings into one: Follow Fucking Fabulous Friday (WTH is Friday?)
Working Capital: 'Excess cash' fuels big bonuses for Telesat brass - Ottawa Citizen
Yep. It's so crazy to me that I'm trying to will myself to believe it's all a movie and our gov't isn't really this misguided.
Can't spell Elite without Eli lol
hey there! Can u follow me Ryan? :^))
Arsonal when is the battle droppin?
They Say Love Is In The Air .
“: I believe can handle it. Look at those eyes. ” he has a point
Built new app: allows posting of moment when you *check out* of the conversation & start thinking about the wheels of your office chair....
Work was long, but the weather NICE! I have a tan (yay) but I have a weird tan line on my forehead from my hair LOL
Enjoyin my Friday!
Hi just woke up again
Make sure to wish a happy 21st birthday!
sent you a dm.
Hey Red Sox.. it'd be nice to win tonight. Do it for me. If we lose tonight you can kiss that wild card goodbye.. leading by 2 ain't enuf..
We're watching a movie in my history class and Melissa Etheridge is the narrator. O.o
Welcome to Miami! Great to have you here.
cannot be pleased about this ...
ah wish we could've.... it was amazing!! :)
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
checking out your multi-touch work -- you guys have some cool stuff going on!
Will be away from his writing desk for a week (canoeing down a river). Smell you later!
Today I forgive myself for not being perfect!
That being said, if you aren't ever going to give, the org should want to know so they don't create waste. Tell them.
Who is coming up to portland to see at the hawthorne? You don't wanna miss this, these kids KILL it live
Wisconsin is the epitome of what's happening in America right now. Corporate lies and money against the will of the people.
sounds good!
See His Dick Stay Hard >>>
Damn right we are!!<U+2665>
Greetings from Portland! Near 90 degrees TAKE ME TO THE COAST!
It's easier to go down a hill than up it, but the view is much better at the top!
Arcade Fire. Last concert of the weekend...great time with
wrestling with my outline. action needs an audience.
Looks like we have a thunderstorm in #Mequon! Stop by Sydney b. and get great raingear for the kids! Raincoats, Boots, and Umbrellas!
Idiot! Wh-wh-what are you? Coach, we need a W!!!!!!! Joes volcano presents special guest Dorrough Music in concert - tonight!
Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable. -Denis Waitley
Ended up going back to sleep today and not running...my body just yearned for the rest.
Hola To My New Followers -
yes it is ma'am
I really have no idea how today is going to play out.
I can respect that.
I guess I deserve every bit of this
What does Gemeinhardt mean to you?
That David Ruffin Unsung was sorta sad..
all is great! :-) need to update for sure! :-) how are you?
Last Year we collected over 1100lbs of Candy for the TROOPS! Lets Get even more this Year!
even if it's completely uncertain and not particularly promising?
Don't fear the tentacles. Easy peasy!
Money, cars, clothes & hoes.
thank u I had forgotten about him I have heard some great things about him
Did you ask to speak to a supervisor?
im in my feelingz time for bed
when that happens, i say, "no, no, honey ... LOOK AT YOU!" so as to return the compliment/insult, if unsure
Wait why is this movie making me cry? WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO ME JUSTIN BIEBER
Irene you are seriously starting to screw with my vacation
"Planet Pizza. You bet Uranus it's good!" Well then....
you're welcome, I always enjoy what you have to say
Call Me Maybe has been stuck in my head aaaaaalllll day!
This nigga said he put rims on a 97 lumina and thought it was an old skoo Lmao
I just can't help myself crying while listening to Turn To You
Lynda.com, like the old adage: You have to have money to make money. If you want to learn like a pro, same thing.
Thanks for all the #FF! You all rule
I think both of you might find this prayer-app useful: www.birdofprayer.org
All I see is green and that's dollar signs...!
For a little boy genius, Dexter is stupid...
not looking for a handout - how bout a break. There is nothing wrong with getting a break & yes. It is good for "Us".
Haha yes I do I'll give it to u on Monday
HAPPY #RepealDay !!! Been thinking about you all day. The sky is a little brighter for all of us. :-)
lol what an ugly looking beard that is
RT : '' I don't know what happened. Who would have thought my life would end up like this? ''
"I got a fish tank with sharks in it"
In NYC? Catch TRACES at Union Sq Theatre - acrobatics, dance, music, passion, verve and imagination!
Philly will always feel like home
Review of 'Director's cut' shows remarkable progress in getting to a locked pic. Also identified some dslr shots needed 2 enhance 4a sale.
oh yeah, Black Swan is AMAZING. Still recovering from its awesomeness.
You don't bring a gun to a marshmallow roast!!!!
you only get to live it once so live tonight like your last
905 words Tuesday, 350 words Wednesday, aiming for 1000 words today - that's how writing gets done.
omg I keep seeing signs for it!! Is it good?!
Happy to be part of Nerdbery Challenge - slight detour reading Siberts for ALSC class!
#ImWeakFor Long, passionate kisses.
": Trying to work on an alternative for the plus sized hotties too! I got you! Muah!" Thats amazing!! Your always my fav Nkotb!
PLEASE FOLLOW & FOR SUPPORT!
dude, you did a great job!
once again thanks for following me and i want to give shout out to and
Don't text me while im texting you. Now I have to change my text.
hey hun how are you sweetie? :)
Trying to fix a potential project fail today. I need steady hands!
Dry Meat Is Like A Dry Convos You Have in Calling And Text. It just boring af and aint enough details that kept you intersted.
why? facts r optional right?
RT : RT : Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. ~Martin Luther King Jr.
but it's dad LOL
I love #DelRay! Friendly neighbors out in the yard enjoying the #earlyspring. About to dive into some yard work at
#HackedbyMamaMahone TREND IT!
it tasted good... leopard print:P
Hope you enjoy your day!!
It's about that time
Let me know what I can do!
Yes, it is time! Our book Psychic Intelligence helps you to trust your inner voice and develop your own intuitive gifts. xx
quite a relief to find out today's odd vibe at the end of an date was jitters, not a cold shoulder! This has promise!
#kids Fourth Annual Watters Creek Fine Arts Festival Returns May 11-13 at Watters Creek at Montgomery Farm, Sun, May 13 10:00a: Watters...
Becuz its awesomeRT Just finished Season 2 of "Slings and Arrows," the show about the nutty Shakespeare company & still loving it.
in the office...getting off soon. I can't believe it's been so long since I saw you, where the heck r u haha
F'd yo girl in my whip now that p***y got that new car smell. Ha!
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf she read some of my text messages"
can't wait to see all the girls tmrw #star*m
yes, can't go over 2 hours, but if you finish early…
Absolutely fabulous selection of mom's day cards ! Sweet and snarky (i got one of each!)
Fantastic. RT : Miguel Batista's intro music is a Jennifer Lopez song. If the Giants can't hit this guy...
My parents' Indy home is now officially at capacity with 9 East Coast #SuperBowl visitors. Gram & Gramps to draw straws for couch space.
Thanks for the birthday wish!
Tell me about it. I'm getting old!
BIG GIVE starts NOW! The Columbus Foundation will match all donations to MDS for the next 24 hrs! Here's ur chance to GIVE BIG to MDS!
I see you drivin' round town with the girl I love, and I'm like, "Hah, good luck. She's a whore."
I'd rather be a Clippers fan, than a spurs fan. Spurs are boring as fuck, and keep winning. Clippers tho... Fun as fuck to watch.
I'm Sorry babe. My freeking my is slower than a elephant. I love you <3
The cardinals are back. Counter-reformation?
Another great episode of Shameless tonight
I'm not hating on the people I just don't think playing the air drums is a talent. Not after people who have talent get cut!
Just now getting out of church, had a good time!
it's a children's tv show and it always has great bands singing kids songs or even their own songs. Modern HR Puff n Stuff :)
I love YOU!! yes, she called me. You know we go way back!!!
sick and tired of being sick and tired
#seniorconfessionhour I'm not paying $75 for gradnight. You know what I could buy with $75? FOOD.
Iky? That annoyed the hell out of me, if the camera had been in the right place then I get that goal would have been allowed :(
THIS IS AMAZING!:) CONGRATS ON TRENDING! #MAHOMIES :))) <3
I think he is so embittered with Boston fans & Boston media that he is not going to be of further use to us but who'll take him?
Followers ? thank you , guys for following me (:
Is it true that they are going to try to cut spending on more social programs, more than the Dems originally agreed to?
While I'm on the subject of music, the new Spiritualized album is amazing.
Droid owners, found a good app that is free to keep golf stats: mscorecard
Audition tip #7: Never diss that weirdo on the set! It might be a Producer!
Not Everyone Deserves Ur Heart.
Whoops ...Bon IVER..typing on a tablet isn't easy...
Great meeting this morning with A great group of HBS MBA students that will one say rock the startup world.
what about the ability to query the code?
cant #BELIEVE its been 5 years! #NeverSayNever i remember the first video you posted!! #AMAZING! 3
glad we cleared that up! Thanks! Also...love that song!
Thanks! Same to you.
yea Henrik is unbelievable
Word. RT we cosleep - it's natural for mammals to sleep close to protect/feed their young.
Damn... and I thought I was smart there for a min!
Easter and Baseball, seems like a good weekend. Have a great one all! May the joy of the Season be with you.
This is around the time when guys usually start crying on the bench when eliminated
what is the greatest thing u would do 4 your fans???
RT : Big night for #documentary fans! Tweet #SundanceNow & #DocU from 9pmET. Future of docs on PBS, VOD & more!
Yeah they were a real change for Skullcandy. So my question is does the new line follow that path?
we're considering hotspots for our cabs... maybe later in the year for ACL...
I want to as well, either a Prius or Honda Insight to see how much I really save on a long road trip!
I think I just wanna isolate myself from the world for awhile
Dear "homeless" welfare client, when someone is attempting to give you an appointment for welfare, kindly turn down your fucking television.
RT : "The secret of getting ahead is getting started." ~ Sally Berger (via Ned Massis Rios)
#nowplaying Mario Ft Fab "how do I breathe"
About to run a few rounds, see ya
Just helped an old lady connect to the library WiFi - there should be a merit badge for this.
how are you?
LEG DAY! Time to get crippled.
Went to 31 flavors, had a sundae , came home and fell into what could only be described as a coma. Way too much sugar.
Everyone should follow and stare at her "blogs"
90% of south asian schoolchildren are nearsighted due to too much reading/studying and not enough sunlight; no wonder i have perfect vision.
That couple you see and everyone's like "wtf"!
Hey everyone
I've had a poopy day
can you hook a brotha up with a size 13?
Lmao predictable like Tyler perry. Too funny
The avengers. Best fucking movie. SO GOOD! And funny as hell! #EVERYONE #goseeit!
Hello Laura, Thanks for following me on Twitter.
& now that we're together I'm happier than ever
Happy Saturday everyone! Here's a great date idea for tonight: come visit us for an early dinner and then catch a movie or a sunset.
Good morning. Let's get the creative juices flowing. I say flashlight, you say _____
Good idea Lisa. I didn't have a good excuse. Lol
please support me and let me know you'll be there for me.. I need it so bad.. My grandma died :'(
talks love of bieber is the only reason I questioned it hahahaha
Huntsman: US-China relationship must infuse shared values. Optimistic about possibility
Heard about it, never saw it.
Question of the day: What's the best music to make art to? I'm feeling partial to The Fountain soundtrack at the moment... epic.
we can try! Send a DM with your name and email and we'll let you know before 7!
We are working towards #PrescriptionAssistance for ALL...
they come 2 me only 4 money, dont give em a nickle they show me they colors - RT
I do all three at the same time.
:Yes #WINNING! Making a gratitude journal!
To the woman with 6 screaming kids in the store, if you're wondering how those condoms got in your cart....you're welcome. #TOOFUNNY!!!!
I'm looking forward to a hungry hungry hippo movie
gonna listen to breathe carolina early in the morning xD
Nope. Plain ole' human error, not Evil Empire of Greed error.
Babysitting is scary
My hair went all Taylor Swift in a good way today. Why can't I hit repeat? Tomorrow the hair will epic fail me. I'll be all librarian bun.
#edcampclt is almost here! You can watch me talk about it Monday on the show, then join us on Tuesday at
Good work, Darlin'! Your stalking skills are damn efficient! Ha- Very nice to meet you last night. I'll see you around, yeah?
And guess what they have planned for you? Not much
Best line on tonight's #FashionPolice: "She looks like the president of the Hair Club for Skanks." -- Joan Rivers
two coats of that baby and my polish stays on at lest 4 days:)
2 Rounds of workout done by lunch on a Sunday :) Exhausted!!!... but time to get girly & go to a Tea Party!! Nike's to heels <3
Shout out to the lovely and talented Recruiting Mgr for Fahrenheit Technology. Give him a follow
this weekend was so depressing ....fml
So when are doing Pittsburgh Craft Spirits Week?
Where are you guys celebrating tonight?
Women sleep on the right side of the bed at night because Even while sleeping they have to be right!
RT : we must make this trend.
What was all that one in a million talk? We know you're busy, but we resent that email so you don't have to dig.
man I love house
how did your day with go? Can she call me, maybe?
Thanks for the follow, Lynn! Check out the J.Nighties at Plush on March 22. We're very excited!
lol every time I think we coming something ALWAYS com up n ho wen did u made ur twitter
Billion $ idea: hipster only Laundromat "Foldin' Caulfield" Perm Press settings available for any ironic fabrics. No Phonies.
Nice run in Patterson Park, now off to the #orioles game. Let's go O's!
Exclusive everything.
who's kissing him rite now.
The cancellation has been cancelled ! See you for brunch tomorrow
My acct was recently hacked, sorry for any odd or rude messages
thanks for the kind words!
Finishing up the new site for Mile Deep Films! It should launch by next weekend.
Headed to the booth wit Rated,LP, & Famous...FIXURFACE/B.A.L Da Fux ^
Indiana Pacers shoot 3's...big time players, step up in big time games. We know why the Pacers lost
Reading a great book, Lancing in the Dark: A History of Medieval Medicine
happy birthday girl! Miss you!!!
Aw, thanks Stevi! Thanks for staying in town and sweating it out with me this AM! You ROCK!
The is a hit over here at #brews&bowties and is playing some sweet tunes!
Yo Tammy is a bully! Smh wow poor Keisha was surred to death
What happened? Why didn't you get drunk? Were you driving?
Ahh the beauty of living plants! E voce.
twitter is the place to find friends.
Tout est possible au Belgikistan.
OH. No. I knew I shldn't have left the house. Damn. Somethng to work toward. How long did you (or have you been) play(ing) it?
Have you done the research on your addressable market? Does that addressable market tweet?
#nowplaying Need You Now- Lady Antebellum
I may follow — but if she offers me barley, I'm not going to eat it.
I don't even know what to say to you anymore.
I might take my earring out soon
"A two-year-old is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it. Jerry Seinfeld #humor"
no prob! If you want me to look it over, I'm game!
lol I'm watching it!
So a baby squirrel just tried to attach me and my cat! Me and Azul were not having it though!!!
Getting together our Fringe festival producing and venue management plans. Lots of info coming soon. Whee!
sounds good to me <3
I am loving my new iPhone4S!
TONS of sirens heard outside - I live right near I-20 river, no idea what's going on but hear fire, amb, police
I'll find you a photo. But yeah I want the Effiel tower in it
Thank you for ruining tasty cheeseburgers for me. After Plyometrics I want nothing to do with them anymore...day 8 of
3 seizures at work
Check out #thedollarboys using Mobile technologies to get the word out, developing voice & media skills so they share w/ peers.
#Dreamchasers2 WOW this is nice
haha in so srry to hear that
Ninja Focus Mode!
yes! Yes you did. I'm so terrified.
Interesting article which I tend to agree with....thanks!
“: Everyone else in the room can see it, everyone else but me.” HAHAHA
Don't be scared
It makes me smile when the celtics score :)
Up early gotta throw this brakeline on my truck! Ready to get back out there and get it in!!!!
lol U seem to 2 b the insane 1 Apple already has control of the market 4 tablets, phones & digital music devices.
Hope is faith holding out its hand in the dark.
I have been power reading through your blog. You have an incredible voice and sense of story. I find myself captivated.
up too early
lol I couldn't believe my eyes. Sad
What are you doing today? If possible, add doing something for some one in need to your list...giving never get old.
I'm up for that(:
this is for iPad only
Looks interesting, but I'm wary of magically ignoring files in a search.
The only thing more boring than baseball on TV, baseball on the GameTracker.
hey wanna gets some margs at lunch girl? I need a cool down from this heat
Where are all of the FC Dallas fans?? Poor showing
Taking it w/ a grain of salt. It was great to have a day to focus on it, but we'll have to feel out what's realistic for us.
At this rate, #Patriots starters will be playing again next week, Detroit is bringing it...
I can't remember the last time it rained this hard in South Florida..
Will Google Wave replace Twitter or embrace it? Objects and Robots and Projects Oh my!
check the pic. Wicked creepy art here.
Oh my god. I'm weak.
I love mornings... coffee time!!!
#Ravens select Tommy Streeter. 6 foot 5 red zone threat
lovely! Start the hash tag #mycomputermustbebroken I can't get any feedback on Google+
Wish I could have made it this year...tell all the live Twitters thanks...it is almost like being there!
thanks 4.being a fan
"My challenge to all you players out there is I want to see your statue next to mine" - Ricky Williams
Does that mean you'll get arrested naked too?
In the Land of Blood & Honey is an extraordinary film now out on DVD about love amid the fog of war.
Scoot just had a chic wit a booty,thought he was flexing bout having a woman
Won't last, back it/photos up ASAP.
She's amazing.<3
The trend for matching strikingly-saturated tones together is back and can be seen anywhere from the catwalks to domestic decorating.
The CMT Awards are tonight!! If you felt like voting for my video at CMT.com, I wouldn't try and stop you :) :)
Sitting in class board with is math.... I just don't like it
It's useless to hold a person to anything he says while he's in love, drunk, or running for office. Shirley MacLaine
and when all sources are biased, one thing always stands true: common sense and respect for others. Thank you!
Join us for a Meet and Greet with Coach O'Neill & the USC Basketball team tonight from 5:30 - 7:30p at our downtown Kilt!...
My daily dose of sex and the city before work
Today has been a productive week.
That's what we need! Way to go Hoos!
thanks for chiming in - truth be told, i ONLY take hair advice from data specialists. It just seems like the smart thing to do.
Not laughing at a joke because you don't like the person who told it.
Man, so much I want to accomplish, need to make more time.
you on twitter! Yayay!
Sadly, my were-pony was cut from the final draft of FIFTY SHAMES. Must do a were-book soon...
The Washington Co. ReStore has BRAND NEW KitchenAid stainless steel hood vents for sale for cheep! Can you tell your members?
During my morning run today I saw 3 Mexican dudes that looked exactly a like, I thought I was in a bootleg version of The Matrix.
Ah, yes, soo true, the 1, 2 punch! Doing great! Just had a leisurely breakfast with my hubby.
Awww he's so cute. Ya think he's hiding. lol
LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!! i hope they play new boyz music at homecoming tonight <3 <3 <3 -alexa
Ik I was about to buy the Newyork tickets and then he tweeted tickets are sold out abd my heart dropped<3
Dear US Government: "Fix it!!"
I'm going to do Google authorship in conjunction with my soon-to-launch blog. That's where to start, right?
Just led a whole section in singing Happy Birthday to Ruth Riley #00 game
: The fact that their sample distribution is similar to SSI's is a good thing, but they don't state the size of their panel.
that's from Mad Max Thunderdome movie. it's a death cage to settle problems such as loud talking.
I just wanted to apologize to everyone...especially if it took a while to say thanks for the add. Im just learning how to navigate
Tonight, I will work out even though I don't want to. And then I'll eat as much of the califlower pizza as I like!
Thank you for coming to the luncheon. I'm glad you enjoyed the pecan pie. Happy Holidays!
That said, despite the fact that I just kind of did, it's hard to complain about Andino so far.
where's the pics
in-between is the code/we rewrite endlessly
Buffet! And, fast service in and out. :-)
its easter. serving seafood. dont people eat ham or something today?
that should have read... donut.
Networking is akin to finding a girlfriend. At the party you want to charm + get her digits. Don't go for a close until a later better time
Thank you!!! xoxoxo
#cantwait to #collaborate this coming
When I try to drive the speed limit my mom tells me to slow down. Someone please explain.
on day games when the wind is blowing out and the sun is partially obscured by cumulus clouds
Quicker to conceal. Her logic was spot on.
I like it!
I've never been so drenched in sweat! Good Workout!
Want to learn about Strengthening Discovery? Catch the masterclass session with at Online Information! Tues Nov 29 @ 15.30
So very welcome!
World Cup Soccer for Tuesday: 7am - Ivory Coast vs Portugal 11:30am - Brazil vs N. Korea 6:30pm - New Zealand vs Slovakia
Wrapped up the music video today with shits gonna be dope
Anyone in the mortgage industry looking for a job?
I survived the end of the world. . . again
Waiting and hoping u will fallow me! Big fan of ur work!
I need to spring clean the people I follow.
:) RT : You better believe the ONE and ONLY Zoë Saldana has a twitter! #Follow =D
Come on in for 1/2 price beef burgers and Happy Hour from 4-7pm!
These Asians that own nail salons always have their children working. I mean slaving. Lol.
looking forward to the next one!
I HEART Virgins!! ...Virgin Mobile, that is. :P
your welcome! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
That awkward moment when Jerikas going into labor
when did they win?!
Better than the f and u. Excited! RT : Time for #thatcamp. We put the "un" in "fun!"
HAHAHA yeah..... I think we were obsessed with the name Duncan.. and that it was the perfect name for a turtle or something
Being broke is the root of all evil
I hope wins
I wanna go! Are you guys going?
Thank you to all of you new followers. And thanks for putting up with a lack of music. I'm a little busy... but....
"Every death has a two part chapter I do what I do, cause I do what I have ta." J-Funk. They call me Angel.
Pumped that I'm finally starting library school!! Loved #605campus and can't wait for #511fall :)
I know we're not close anymore but do you realize how much I miss you?
I agree. I just saw a YouTube video of a group of black teens who hunt out white guys for beatings
OH: you want me to move closer? I worked a double and didn't re-apply my deodorant....
Any suggestion on how to find an affordable mattress or futon w/o chemical flame retardants?
Hey gang, if you were thinking about going to our Duluth show tonight, don't do it. We had to drop off the tour we were on. Statement soon.
He's getting a work out
stick your tongue in my pussy..
Everything and anything. There are tons of fast food joints here, even tried retail with Target and Walmart. Still looking.
Thanks for organizing in the past! Good relaxing this year.
you're gonna love NY. We'll miss you.
OMG it 2012 & ppl still writing checks
ohh god its super-bowl sunday! time to see some freaking sweet commercials and a halfway decent halftime show xD
Hard to tell what Current is thinking. It's replacing the only watchable show in its lineup with Eliot Spitzer, whose CNN show failed.
I'm not sure if he has one but I'll ask him
Manson.. Be thankful in that cell. Be happy its jail
I'm dissappointed in myself. And who you've become. You aren't the guy I helped once upon a time.
interesting pic! Seriously you never know what you will find here. Thanks for coming.
S/O to and for showing love to the indie community
watch tv waitin on the bby :)
Ok, the shipping blunder is fixed..the platform we use for the site has some bugs that they don't tell us about until we called for support
their so annoying.
"Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?" I will soon tattoo quotes from it on my juice cleansed body
Where are we watching the game on Thursday? Who's taking a sick day?
good! Get back to me ASAP haha
Norwich City's captain, Grant Holt, just scored an absolute cracker to tie the match against #ManU. Great game so far.
but I'm saying, like all you gotta do is keep it a hunnit wit me & I'll do the same.
I actually understand college algebra. #mind=blown #collegestudentproblems <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
and us with freckles envy your non-freckled skin! you dont want them....they just multiply. :)
Picked up a whole book of sheet music and some manuscript paper. It's time to get writing.
he turned it off lol
Its A New Lesson..To Learn Everyday Of..#YoLife!
when you get the all white ?
Was told I'll be doing on-camera work for at Camera adds 10lbs, so I need to lose 10 just to look as fat as I am now. :)
In my world you don't exist.... thats the only way I can put it
Looking at Lil Wayne makes me want to punt a dog off a bridge. Jk. But seriously.
Chillin at Ribfest, text me people!
And did he finish the 2 lbs of fries? RT Took out to his first Five Guys burger. He had an appropriate reaction.
yeah probably a good idea ;)
Oh no- I'll be out of town! Good luck with the event!
so is the problem "feelings" or is the problem "butts?" i think the term butthurt should be reserved for comedians
not clickbank. BlogSuccess affilate program thru infusionsoft. When trying to generate banners to Utility Poster.
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from nightclubs VIP for Playboy|Moon|ghostbar|Rain. Reply with how many people coming.
A.C. casinos log another weak month Atlantic City's 11 casinos continued their downward spiral last month, reporting $242.7 million in re
Favorite commercial so far M&M's.
I haven't like legit tweeted in a while because of end of the year project exams and such and such but I will try this weekend!! Xoxo.
def will follow
While watching rugby on TV: Dad- Man, that guy looks scary. Me- which one...?
Once I finish my piece on reality dating shows killing the marriage institution, I'm moving towards reality weddings & marriage perception.
Bank of America is wasting my time.
Avatars are badass!!
will definitely be taking advantage at my next O's game.
One of my fav concert moments surprise performance with at
Couple down 9th Ave singing Zombie. I love this town.
Looking forward to a couple of days in Spokane at the Pacific Northwest Renaissance Society conference.
going to class early today.
i love u all and all i need is a 100 people 2 follow me and i will follow like search everyone i can and follow them even if they only hav 1
Terrible experience at tonight. The worst part is when it's your child. Manager's not there until Wed! Sux!
Go Cubs Go!
This mofo is watching the trophy ceremony on the end of a tennis match. Who cares!!! Switch the tv back to Game 7 Grizzlies/Clippers BITCH!
What can I say? Her biceps are rock solid. I WANT TO KNOW HER SECRETS.
If he shows up, send me a Twitpic.
boo hiss.. my DVR didn't record GLEE tonight. grr!
#MADMEN #SHRIM it's all coming together!
To bed, to bed, clouds like pillows round my head. If dreams should come, as they often do, I pray, I pray that tonight I dream of you.
Crap why do all the superstars go to the big market teams????
We're just starting our engines, Rochester. Wait till we shift into gear! All aboard!
Neyo please make more music.
Hurricane Irene is pounding the coast of North Carolina. Please pray for everyone in her path!
The smell of after rain
oh great!!! Let me know when you write about/review it.
Just woke up, went to bed @ eight, wth happened last night?!
Yes...lol.....and it last for 4 years lol..
Just saw this week's walking dead... Shane's badass.
which day are you going?! i want to come!
Im js doing me ! & yu will NEVER understand it "/
as much as I worship the Sovereign, I consider "China Girl" to be second tier Bowie. Ashes to ashes, action man.
RT New poll: If Hillary Clinton were the Democratic nominee, she would crush both Romney and Perry... pwire.at/vhUqJi
Happy Thanksgiving to all our friends in the United States of America!
My incredible an original baby doll turned 18 today. I gave her a Raging Bitch tshirt. I'm the best dad ever.
very cool. my wife is a lib at CSUSM. good system overall.
I love you, Tim Gunn, but not everyone is "breathtaking."
-_-This Is Driving Me Crazy It's Raining AGAIN!>:( #Thanks Now Something Is Driving Me Crazy
a socialist president for france isn't necessarily bad. Many socialist programs are more efficient then democratic ones.
I rarely take time off so envy people who get to say they are "back to work." Maybe I'll start taking naps.
A search for would also be appreciated. Any division in TNA could use him.
This will be a good day no matter what. :D
DA PITBULL IS IN DA HOUSE is trending worldwide?!?!?!
omg business IDEA! A special sanitizer u wash your hands with after shaking hands with a liberal! u NEVER know where that hand has been.
& bday brunch at Beauty & Essex with
And nothing more needs to be said RT : You can't debate wrong
Everyone knows Asians are slow at seafood restaurants.
Looking at Photoshop Disasters keeps me in check with the editing. Don't want to end up on there!
What's a glow worms favourite song? Wake me up before you glow glow!
Aww, Thanks :) is the BEST Twitter Valentine ever!
your getting on my nerves.
I know, sorry ;)x
Without #PR at the table to provide ethical counsel in a crisis, "It's the CEO, an accountant, a lawyer and God help you."
Im Enoying My First Dayy Of Summer! Leaving The Worthless BEHIND And Moving On Too Better Things !
Not tryna hear you tell nobody that i'm just a friend.
Good morning! Getting ready for our morning news meeting.
Your uniqueness is what makes YOU priceless. Greatness is your birthright. Claim it and refuse to be anything less than great! ~Nasim Hassan
Google ""Where is Chuck Norris"" and click ""I'm feeling lucky""...You're welcome.
Your the best nicki
OK, first post to my blog gets a free private lesson! Dammitttt
suck it
I'm tempted to be annoyed about still feeling sick....but grateful that my chest x-ray shows pneumonia is gone. Oh to be more resilient!
Not being able to do everything is no excuse for not doing everything you can. ~ Ashleigh Brilliant
Logic: If it looks and feels like padded wrapping paper woven with tinsel, then it's a skirt.
Sure thing! Have a great day!
if you come at me less than 100
again, im slow, but why the ask anonymously?
Bitch in first period finally is sleeping without snoring <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Rats! Oh well, we'll plan on seeing you in a couple of weeks. Enjoy the uncharacteristically nice weather until then.
" i'm not trying to be a debbie downer.I'm trying to be randy reality."
tonight at the House of Blues - blaaaaa can't sit still
The header thing is not working. Try something else.
We don't wanna never end!
My thanksgiving was THE BOMB! #EndOfStory #LateTweet *shrugs*
"In a piece on women in tech, I'm quoted saying that I scare men. To be fair: I am an equal opportunity terrifier." - You rock.
I want- I mean need(; to go to the concert here in Nashville so bad!!! If I don't get to go I promise you, I will cry! <U+266A>
On my way to the #sprintcenter w/ for the #big12 tourney. Bottle n beer in the back, it's gonna be wild
Dad quote from last year's b-day phone message, which I just re-played: "Well. About 29 years ago, we first met."
I'm interesting In passing out flyers<333
Preserve Minnesota conference now underway Follow along w/hashtag
11:11 is the best song in the whole world!
FRUSTRUATION, n. State of being so frustrated by unfair circumstances that one’s face takes on look of enduring a permanent menstrual cramp
Unless victory proves your supremacy, it was an illusion and only temporary.
a lil sleepy
went birdie eagle birdie to go 2 up and win my match.... How bout some RT #love?
Shit just saw my best fucking friend for the last time until like september. Damn near cried, til i remembered that real niggas dont cry lol
Tell Me Am I All You Need
meetings & been prepping for talks & sessions. haven't even made it to the conference yet :( sessions? there are sessions?
Dude here has a TRIPLE kid leash. Not sure if I'm disgusted, or if I want to shake his hand
Just went to a gas station that is out of gas...haha that's a first
Nothing makes you more tolerant of a neighbor's noisy party than being there. -Franklin P. Jones
Hmm, now that I cleared the clutter out of my car it would be a good time to wash it
Doctor also says no lime disease so thats good. And hopefully by next week should be 100% and ready to crane kick.
The story airs at six in Milwaukee..and I will post a link for the web. It's a great story. Todd Hicks TMJ4
Big happy birthday to our man !!!
He did not just wake me up at this time -______- but it's him so it's okay ^.^
There is so much going just want to hear music in peace
I'm bored smh
2000th tweet goes to I love yall,! Go follow them,!
Anyone who thinks there's safety in numbers hasn't looked at the stock market pages. Irene Peter
RT": Like don't walk up in my room slamming my door & giving attitude"
I KNOW :O i feel like ill run to the bathroom to pee. and it will be sold out :O and im like broke so lol thanks mom haha
time for spring pics!
oh shit everyone watch out!
Can NESN call up Ottawa and get the TV rights for the Bruins preseason opener tonight in lieu of Sox?
Alert! We'll be closed 3-5pm today to set up for tonight's FREE PLAY Party! Just $5 at the door, no coins needed. 21+, 5pm!
Happy Birthday PENNNNNIEEEEEEE PROUD
Always remember: if we stay in God's will, God can and will show up when it's time for the turning point.
It happens, holler.
I've been tuned out for a bit...seems like Romney is still in the race?
I think i might just have to give you some money...but i am broke...do you want my piggy bank? i might have 4 bucks in it!
The All New Ray Dearth Band coming soon Fresh New talent As soon as we are polished there will be a New C/D Great Vocals Great Music Too!!!
Missing my babe right now.
Thanks! I really appreciate this. How can I send you the questions?
I don't understand how its possible to jump over like 8 people, but its pretty fucking cool.
got the ear candling done... it was pretty cool. It took about 45minutes....
Baseball players contracts should be null and void if they test positive. Manny Ramirez and A Rod will be billionaires off of takinig drugs
Hey Facebook employees. Stop looking at the ticker and get back to work. Don't you have a new layout to release today?
This clogging group on #AmericasGotTalent had me doing the baby bump shuffle in my living room
Near #Wailea? Check out our 3 newest merchants; The Coffee Bean & Teal Leaf (), Maui Clothing Co. & Karamel Collection.
lol yes cat ur so hot i could get burnt standing next to ya!
"There is nothing so fascinating as a family argument. Leo Tolstoy said that. Or maybe it was Jonathan Franzen."--Stephen King, 11/22/63
#MadMen time!
Prezi just created a PowerPoint Import feature, end of boring presentations!
Wrote myself a reminder @ work today that said BOOK. Then I laughed & wondered if Id know what it meant later. Cryptic note for a librarian!
Thank you for the RT
I've had enough of you, kid.
We're just kidding. May today bring you loads of creativity.
Wow! We have 800 followers!!!! Thanks guys so much!!!!! :D <3 We appreciate it!!! -Alyssa
Harvard should give him a refund.....
I scored 50% on that one. Give me a couple more years and I'll figure out this laundry thing.
Yeah. I don't really care
Editing some vids for Sunday, Final Cut Studio's temperament makes me want to switch to Adobe!
Burger king taste so much better than McDonald's
is happiest with her silly family. <3
Even though you say you are ugly and crap you still post millions of pictures of yourself hoping to get nice comments.....you're real cool.
"It's hard to understand the invisible." - Shawn Lawrence Otto
I texted u
We ask ourselves, Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous,talented, fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be? -Marianne Williamson
'Showing up matters more than ever, particularly if you promised you would' -Seth Godin
A5: plus, the tourney this yr has lacked excitement...a few buzzer beaters would drive people to want to watch.
We know more about the Universe than we do about our oceans. And we know more about our oceans than we do about the capabilites of our b ...
“Each day is election day, God votes for you, the devil votes against you and you cast the deciding vote.” Bob Russell
Just followed thanks for the heads up! Glad you like my name on here too.. that was kind of the idea :)
Happy 8 months to my amazing boyfriend!! #happygirl :D
should of won best new artist fahh reals bruh !!
You know the guy is gay when his friend breaks up with his girlfriend and he just has to get involved like hes been dating her too
Can the #Bobcats avoid the worst winning % in #NBA history with a win over the #Knicks tonight? Sims say just a 36% chance of doing so.
it cool!
#NP Asia Bryant - Cant help it ;-)
Bed soon. Today was amazing thanks to !!! :3 I love him to death!!!. #FizzyFamily <3
Good morning!
Screenshot crops next line: "...limited purpose of operating, promoting, and improving our Services, and to develop new ones."
In the booth wit ty money..puttin in da wrk u heard!!
What are your preconceived notions of older adult volunteers? Your ability to make an impact on our community depends on your answer.
We are including 10% off coupons for the goodie bags too along with the yummy bars!
Going on Tour This Summer!
weird weird scary weird #Obama2012 got to give him #4moreyears or we will be in huge trouble
learning is recognizing patterns, understanding is learning the patterns which transform one pattern to another.
Thanks for following! It's always good to meet another writer!
If people will buy into it
You could say that. One in campus and one online course
pick up a copy of blended learning book for the evidence
Tom Petty songs are better when done by Johnny Cash.
That is so funny! I hope she does not become a housewife either!
Damn! Apparently one of the old guys that lived together on Swamp People died today, Mitchell. I'll be damned.
I am sure you will find something soon!
The neighborhood is alive with arguing. #whycantweallgetalong?
omg I'm so excited :) cannot WAIT for the new album!
that's very true.
Most people get ahead during the time that others waste. - Henry Ford
Anyone out there using anything besides wordpress for a CMS anymore?
No there's nothing that I wouldn't do; To make you feel my love
talk about fall off the face of the earth, someone must not be adjusting to summer school well
Oh I am enjoying today's late 90s throwback playlist at
Have no Envy and no Fear.
getting ready (:
your app is still in the "yes" pile. Call at 3pm!!
Keep staring, comparing thinking wat it would be like to be in my shoes....YOU CAN'T DO WAT I DO !
hahaha you dont want it over here...!
Just did first pull from Github to a server to update a #Drupal site + Drush updb, this sure beats awkward FTP updating.
My mom argues with me for the DUMBEST shit! And this is an everyday type of thing
#NDSA digital preservation in-a-box contents--what's here/basics/glossary/digitization intro/formats/storage/4 educators/marketing/contacts
Good morning
baby's first trip out west: los angeles, pomona, santa barbara, big sur. 3/21-3/27.
Hello and welcome lovely new friends! Happy Friday!!!
Discovering Mountain Dew is now "Mtn Dew" on its cans = most depressing moment of the day so far
your kind of kind of?
When you have a number of disagreeable duties to perform, always do the most disagreeable first. -Josiah Quincy
if you want Oakland at its economically stratified best, I would suggest Piedmont. The cream always floats to the hills.
thanks for the love
So RG3 has to beat out Rex Grossman for the starting QB job?
Come by Saturday or Sunday at lunch and sample delicious specials such as sweet potato pancake, crab cakes benedict, breakfast platter!
it scared me too :( I can't erase it though!
OSU may be a #2 seed this year, but they will always be #1 in my heart.
ye' okay homie! OH HE THINK HE SUPERMAN.NOW HE THINK HE SPIDER MAN.NOW U THINK U BATMAN!.
lol. U done watching the game?
today just did not go as planned. behind schedule all day. -_- snooze time then Vegas tomorrow. wooptywoo for that! night tweeps <U+2665>
fans get your copy of vanilla's Ladies with the one and only Skin on the cover looking good enough to eat!
I used to be SO into the Kpop/Jpop/Jrock scene. I've fallen a bit out of it as of lately though. x.x;; So I suck on the newer stuff.
I am eating this pizza like it's my job.
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 39
yes , ofcourse . she sweet very giggly & cool ' but people fnd her annoying
up on my grind...again
Based on the copious amounts of cat vomit this weekend, my new working theory is that one or both of our cats is binging and purging.
#HuguelyTrial Day 9: Medical expert brought by Huguely defense team testifies that it is possible #YeardleyLove died from pillow suffocation
i will lol]
hannahlittle: RT : Alex Sharpe and Cole Metz will compete tomorrow in the regional spelling bee at Belmont
READY TO FUCKING GO
Missed my flight to Israel & now stuck at JFK for a yet-to-be-determined amount of time. Great start to the trip.
thanks for all the recent check ins! :) How was your experience at Mizu?
To all my fellow NYC summer fashion interns -- join me in applying to Fashion Campus NYC!
I have a strong desire for Pita Jungle.
I'm off to see if it's still possible to buy the latest issue of "Rolling Stone" magazine at midnight in this so called land of freedom.
Congratulations on your new house!
Hey are u feeling any better? I tried to dm u but u don't follow us so I couldn't lol
hey ross, its robert......i'm following you now on twitter
Went to Dunkin Donuts, paid for a lg coffee and walked out the door w/ out the coffee....it's going to be one of those kind of days...
Just to be clear, not knockign NCHEMS on Pikeville report costs. Just making the point that politics costs real people money.
Why must people hate so much?
12 friend request. um yeah i think its time to accept them all..
Really!!!! My hard drive was working at home now I get to the club it anit working at all!!! Wtf
Super tired from work.
Thank you for the RT!
May have found my next abode for the year!!
What a productive weekend!
I'm a Dynamo fan. And I was not proud to see our supporters group behave like that at the end of the game.
Checked this morning & the hat is gone. Bummer. Must have been a glitch w/selling out of it. Guess I wasn't fast enough. :)
"A Dramatic Turn of Events", Dream Theater's new album. Might be pushing your 6-month limit, but it kicks ass.
a new & interesting class :) not sure what it means, but as always: more will be revealed _/|\_
IF I DON'T PASS THE ALGEBRA ONE I HAVE TO TAKE THE CLASS AGAIN NEXT YEAR LOL
Five years ago: World Bank President Paul Wolfowitz announced he would resign at the end of June 2007, following controversy over his
this guy is nothing but gold mine to generate ratings for your show. Come on, bring on real entrepreneurs than this sham.
m on the way!!
at least it's not Pawn America.
Recovering from a nasty cold has put a strain on rehearsing for the next performance, hope I can pull it off :/
Forreal! Stay coming up to me on some creepiness.
Bears are for real, the rest of the league better watch out!!
thank you!!
“: I wish I was a ginger.” your children.
Biz that replace guardsman while fighting oversees and don't give job back should be padlocked and owners sent into exile, maybe Afghanistan
So hearts are popular these days. Are you going to help make Stained Glass Hearts popular? Promote us! Promotion contests coming in 2011!
Until very very recently "Arab" was used in Roget's Thesaurus as synonymous with "hobo, tramp, vagrant."
Tweeps! Check out our friends to find other products that go towards doing social good.
Thank you, Ms. TJ for the RT :-)
I know right??? It turned into Lost!
There Are Millions Of People In This world, But In The end It All Comes Down To One
alright gonna go watch the hunger games, eat panera bread and get a henna tattoo
Sometimes the people who are critical are more motivating. I find this to be the case for me.I like to prove people wrong
yep. It's a too short I tell you!
Ha! RT : You spend your life fighting the spread of evil. Then you learn a Kardashian is pregnant.
Put down that boring, soggy brown bag lunch! Spice up your lunchbreak:
What the world really needs now is a Farsi translation of Amazing Grace and Chuck.
The unique value is "he's the village idiot" :P
On the rd. in a few hrs for Nashville! Runway audition this afternoon for the show! Hope the weather for this drive is not to bad!
love him and love the pic. Though I admit I live in fear that someday you'll tweet me out when I'm having sex on Cam4 :-p
Dan Savage just told me that Rachel Maddow just told him that Herman Cain is dropping out of the race
It's time for a #watercheck. Keep the kittens happy today :-)
Caught it on Good show old man, get ready for the fame!
PUBLIC RELATIONS: Publicity Program Planning, Perception Management, Crisis Management, Event Media Management, Ermerging Media Services.
#ThingsIHate people that complain all the time
Had good talk w/journo students at IU in Bloomington on investigative reporting. Looking forward to scenic trip back to Indy thru MM forest.
Men invented fire and women play with it ;) x
All this golf talk has motivated me to go play a round !! I think here soon im going to schedule a tee time :)
So happy KennBalls mixtape was finally released
|#quotes In the realm of ideas everything depends on enthusiasm.. in the real world all rests on perseverance.
he will.
AHAHAH my dad having to completely litterely rip me and my brother from eachoter as we just fought to the death
is killing it on Live with Regis (Kelly) - He may be leaving after this performance!
hey beautiful hope your having a great day :)
happy birthday Joe ;)
cool! Sounds like a winnah!
The disappointing moment when I big bag of chips come half full.
Finally made it to Jersey City...omg i felt like this man on the Path was caressing my ass. That shxt be hella packed.
Thank you God. <3
he'll yeah and I'm a Heat fan,!
Jazz are getting slapped. Id still use them in 2k
Conventional Wisdom: Newt must attack Santorum. I disagree. He has to target Romney's electability & ensure a long southern state primaries
Never allow someone to be your priority while you`re just they`re option.
of course it is. it's kinda the only brunch spot in union city, right?
You're welcome! RT Great morning at #edcampCincy So grateful to the organizers...they are on a mission. I'm ready to follow!
see you soon! Have a good first night
have you ever done a q&a about being a vegan? Would like to hear more about your choice and like/dislikes!
Ah is following me. Maybe I should stop tweeting now?? NAAAAAAA
follow taylor?
My rooms too hot, sleeping on the couch tonight
Its pretty hot! I think you will be pleased!
yes. Body swap movies are the best.
We won't let you leave!
Pretty nerdy coffee talk. More Linda Richmond, less exotic tea names
Its Niall not Nial its Loui not Louis , get your 1D right girl t-.- have a nice day , o & Harry is sexy (:
thanks! Will keep cheering for & Oh, and have you read "In the Garden of Beasts" by Erik Larson?
thank you
Did I really just see that?? *dead*
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom. Thomas Jefferson
Love me some ! Think I've watched that talk at least a half-dozen times.
The arts mean jobs in IL & so much more! The Land of Lincoln is home to 33,939 arts-related businesses that employ 140,313 people
I'm so sad! #Twitter says I have reached a #follow limit. :( I need more #followers in order to follow more people now.
prob bout some bullshit. Don't sweat it. Head up Chest out Oscar
it better no be slicked back
Perfection does not exist - you can always do better and you can always grow. - Les Brown
Ask what he thinks about Andrew Luck and what he's done for Stanford football.
miss u punkass
I'm playing hookie from work for baseball, but so is my boss!
follow back?
Pressure Busts Pipes....mmmmhmmm
I cannot believe he just said that.
awww thank you you rock #SHOUTOUT!
the black mamba!!!!
do you watch American Idol?
Just finished A Secret in Her Kiss. Loved it! Terrific setting & characters.
that is awesome. What did u think at that age? Will you go back this time?
met you tonight! Awesome job :) follow back?
"unconfirmed rumor" - is the same as "rumor" or "untrue"
Congratulations on your victory last night. What a battle
Really? How come? I was always (and still am) a science moron. (Not that that's relevant)
Making my way to Chicago already!
Can you say 5-0??? AND STILL UNDEFEATED....THE PACK BABY!!!!
Jeff Mittie: Pat Summitt was a rock star in her game - Fort Worth Star Telegram
free show this saturday at centinnial park..
I gotta get me a pair of glasses...
just finished putting together tomorrow's breakfast: scrambled duck egg and apple sausage breakfast burritos.
Yes, pizza is a vegetable
Wilson: "society takes information for granted"
This song's got no title, just words and a tune.
(facepalm) But for comedic sake, keep going.
Our thoughts go out to the residence, businesses and environment of Arizona during the huge wildfire spreading over 600 sq. miles!
A period is just the beginning of a lifelong sentence.
Why does always gotta happen to my homies, Im thinkin in my head man is god really judgin me
Not a problem, keep us in mind though, we maximize your supply line solutions across a variety of platforms.
Just saw the #Dove commercial that said 6 of 10 girls will quit an activity bc they don't like the way they look. Powerful stat.
All of the Star Trek tv series are now on Netflix instant queue. so... see you in a couple months? :D
That was published before the crisis. This is new thinking. You need to give yourself credit & tell Obama.
Up early in morning and already at work trying to make it happen and stay positive. Good morning FB fam.
Recalling last night's mock eulogy of , "Why is this man wearing a shirt!?"
thank you very much!!!
Hey:D This Is Danielle Soon To Be Famous Singer! LMAO.
Saw bits & pieces of Seau tribute, and Tomlinson was just terrific. Makes u wonder how even he couldn't fix #Jets locker room.
Bobby Newport is such a fantastic character..
throne or something!
Except when they run insurance companies.
That for the RT
I'm pretty good just busy with school and softball hbu?
Fun starts tonight!!!! @ 6pm
Happy Monday all! I'm on my way back to #Miami today - I've had a great time on the west coast of Florida, but I miss my home! See you soon!
blah. i dont know if i should go tonight.
Oh my - 388 people have confirmed on FB...
being sick that long isn't okay... :-/ go to the doctor?
we have flights in PIT :-)
signs with K5 International, one of the top international sales agents worldwide! Lookn fwd to the collaboration.
2 piece... Swimsuit. Imma have ppl in Chicago saying that.
Yeah, I'm basically miserable. Haha
I'm not the nicest looking person in the world, but I have had a few relationships. A couple were very bad, but another couple were okay.
- I was very lucky to have known him - life changer.
do you think he'll write me back?
It's just what people associate with poison and other evil substances.
And.....here we go.....Let's make some history today.
Ze Frank appears to have taken over the Museum-Ed Web site. www.museum-ed.org.
hahah me too u had a lot of goodtimes (:
I feel like the only Panthers fan that doesn't hate the Devils. I hate the Rangers cause their fans are a bunch of a-holes.
i want to follow me.!!!!
This is why I never pick up my phone... Lol
Using a #hashtag in my text to my mom knowing she is gonna be like whats that.
time for bed
More people need to text me because right now NO ONE is texting me!
Lion installed. Mouse scrolls backwards. Makes you go hm
People just don't understand how difficult it is to be me. they think they can trash me and hurt me, but I know I'm real.
Feel better! KISSES!!! X
Congrats to , , & You've won a copy of Sex & the City Uncovered! Email ur address to
What's everyone doing this weekend? If you get a chance, stop by for some coffee while you're out. We would love to see you!
Night night.
Out Of Order LLC presents 'Woodfish' at Bar A in belmar. CINCO DE MAYO PARTY SHOW! Woodfish @ 9pm...Tix at www.woodfishmusic.com .C U there!
I'm a whole new level of lazy
What does the #contentmarketing mean to you?
Kobe no.8 would play for scoring title... Kobe no.24 would rest for another ring..
RT : Still need to rewrite the document, but this is much more fun.
i prob am..
Smh at my grammatical errors....
My mom started complaining today and I was like... Why you asking all them questions! Lmfao
RT : recording this Sunday at 7pm at the Full Moon Club on top of Zinnie's East. See ya there!
so you agree. you think you're really pretty.
Christmas is the season when you buy this year's gifts with next year's money. ~ Anonymous
Tomorrow we hit the stage with some of the best acts to grace the Dog from 2011. Reserve your tickets for Big Dog Theater Anniversary!
Zooted out mind
YAY! Congratulations! I voted for y'all, and I hope y'all win.
share with you also bro is you are interested.
- Wow, that's happy! We'd be happy to have them!
you text me idk if i have the wrong number!
Tight work.
RT : FB: Here we go! Position units coming on the field now; QBs first with an incredible game of leapfrog. Spectacular.
Take A Shot For Me .
straight outta of compton!
Drunk at the camera. The photo is upside down meathead!
Get your play pants on for the all night art bonanza ! We have been anxiously awaiting the evening of June 4th!
yea we need to get to work
see.. Yall aint even come back....
Today was a good day for music was made. good music at that
Why do u refuse 2 rescind a single one of our 9,500 RIFs? Is this some sick attempt 2reconstitute r entire District?
I had difficulties logging on! I Would love a burrito
We won't know until after Lakers-Nuggets.
and witness with my own eyes you are going by what you hear your friends weren't motivated sucks for them
So happy Gus Johnson is calling this game right now
We have heard lots of great music! We cant thank musicians enough!
Love my hubby. Even his leftover pasta is cooked with love. yum... Might convince him to do French Onion Soup soon...
Mets better give Santana run support, or, I swear to fucking god, Johan will murder the whole squad in their sleep.
Does giving thanks - give you gas? Carry Protection. Happy Thanksgiving!
Obama fucked up with the new law.. Hell nah. Nasty as law..
Eminem ate him
obviously Mia doesn't dig physics. Her field is paleontology. Play to your audience, dude.
you have that smile that only heaven can make i pray to god everyday that you keep that smile! :D i LOVE you
Thx! We are very excited for warmer weather! RT : That pool looks amazing! RT : POOL season is rapidly...
aww good luck!! I know you will do GREAT!!!
80 degrees with a hail storm. fire and ice.
Monta barely gets to the line though for a guy that shoots so much and he only shoot 77% from line for a guard.
Playing the role of Jr Incident Manager ...LIKE A BO$$...WAKE UP ALL THE NONESSENTIAL PEOPLE!
Yeah. I Cant Decide Which Ones My Favorite!! :D But It Would Be "Beautiful Eyes"
Good morning, #tweetiebirds Thank you for another beautiful day!
Not to sure if that tweet was a #sadtweet or #happytweet ....
Awkward/funny moment when ,you open your car door and you hit the car parked next to you......WELP!
Happy Birthday to one of Western PA's finest!
Just did my crunches and push ups, now it's time for Insanity workout program!!
I'm not a fan of the barefoot contessa, get some shoes on.
Hope everyone in Denver has a happy Friday today!
Definitely going to order food from Schwanns when I move out
Riding along with SC Highway Patrol tonight!
It's all gucci!
The Blue Angels use conscious breathing techniques to withstand high G maneuvers...
Nice job on the pork chops honey, way to spoil good meat.
Heading back to Cambodia
any reporting done the results of this meeting? And follow-up collaboration sessions scheduled?
Hope you get on a flight soon!
Happy Friday, #Boston! Will you be 's Party on the Harbor tonight?! One of Boston's best event's and museums!
Starting tech training for our new teachers.
I can die happy. I love you Spiderman(:
Only the knicks can get into a fight after a go-ahead 3 pointer
I hate liars !!
Finally saw "Night at the Museum 2." Utter silliness, but so much fun on a summer's day. Ben Stiller can guard my museum any day. What?
huge favor! can u pls go follow my bf she's new here and luves your music to death! much appreciated if u do
Talking myself into going out for a run. I wish I was the person who loved getting out there when it's still dark.
It was a fantastic sunrise on Old Hickory Lake this morning! Enjoyed with a great cup of Cream Brulee Coffee! Hope your morning is good!
Me and been talking about throwing a comedy show for like months now. Get yo material ready bub lol
Beaver tranquilizers ruin all the fun
douglas kept pushin me today .
Upon my asking Joseph to do the TKC man auction for the turkey team, he replies, "none can afford me." Am I talking to Joseph or ?
Out drinking w coworkers even tho I'm still not feeling myself. I want what I had back. I'll be home soon thinking about the good times.
Looks like concert this Friday 11-11 in Albuquerque will sell out by TODAY! If you've waited, don't wait any longer. KLOVE.com
I'm interested in art only because it is "always dealing with new possibilities" -Ai Weiwei,
Had to take a Twitter hiatus, but very glad to be back! How is everyone??!!
Thanks so much! Love your amazing! Did you get a chance to rate our app? We both need to get our message out to parents!
can you plug in library's monitor or works?
All the women in my life freakin sprint through walmart like theyre on a mission
anybody interested attending a "wax party" let me know ! Special prices on waxing of all types!
Lol my cousin just said "Face your problems, don't Facebook them."
#NowPlaying Jack White - Blunderbuss
Thank you...I try. Like you said it takes practice. I pay attention to my twitter friends!!!
Uh oh, that could jeopardize Softball night as well. Ack!
can I play? I've already seen it ha ha
Hungry want some #soulfood...fried chicken N' fish, greens,cornbread and mac &m cheese... hmm #Lawshea's or M's
My pleasure! Great work you guys : - )
get ready!! It's going to be epic!!
thanks for the RT (just saw them now...)
Can you believe it's been a year since you were on ABDC. Are you watching it tonight!? <3
is about the only person on the planet I will get up early for...
On my way to see space shuttle *Discovery* fly over DC on it's way to the #Smithsonian Udvar-Hazy Air & Space annex.
: not sure if they're preventing red light running. Maybe lower the fine since everyone hates them. H-A-T-E-S
slap the lady in the wheel chair because she's a poser. Then get buckets!!!
What was your favorite moment of the first round of the #NFL Draft?
Whelp....back to reality!
more pee to smell in the front!! Haha
i'm sure you would ;)
Thank you so much for posting and for the kind words!
The word 'studying' was made up of two words originally - 'students dying'.
There are some things in life you just can't compromise
SAVE THE DATE! We are holding our annual Mow Down Pollution event on June 9. Recycle your gas #mower and get a discounted electric mower!
Herb.....putting a #& at the end of Fuck doesn't censor the word.
Sherman doesn't give any answer on Peaker plant proposed in D7
I don't tweet that often so when I do i shall dedicate it to you. :) I love you this weekend was so awesome!
So damn hard to fall asleep on Sundays
I love American politics. Where else can you hear a senator say 'Monster Trucks' twice in a minute?
You a straight nigga for that response! lol
funny you thought same thing I did.. didnt realize she um uh blew up lol
I know, smash season 2 cannot come fast enough :/
Katie, thanks for following. Now, I'm following you :)
I bet! I'm so excited for you!!
#schoolmemories sleeping during lecture
The is on in 10 minutes. Tonight we feature tomorrow's news. It's amazing. I can't tell you how we do it.
By the way, I'm really glad to know there's someone else that thought that book was just a little nutty. :)
you died your hair again? no, it did that itself. -___-
Have you checked out the PerfectTix blog lately? It's the best way to stay current on everything happening around the Twin Cities and at...
Nothing like getting up for work on Monday morning after having off for 5 days straight. This will not be fun...
#STLBLUES! THEY DID IT!! THEY WON GAME 5!!! :D
"Changing the way you perceive fitness". MindFirstFitness
Well are you game?
Safranski is great. And a great subject. I'll have to see if I can track that puppy down.
I sit here n the tub with my rubber duckies all lined up! Look at us we match with our little bubble mustaches uh huh uh huh
The boys in are going to be throwing down at least 200 tracks tonight. Come get your #humpday on with them and Stellar Stylee!
Following up on our conversation back in Sept. in Philly- would you like to be a guest columnist for our upcoming HEALTH edition?
Grown Folks Game Night for the inner YOUTH in us all!There will be a 50/50 money raffle. Tickets are $2.00.”
Then I'll just follow you here. :)
Thank you for following us!
you could be a retoucher you have the eye for it
Oh my God. This is so ridiculous. SO many people here.
I was born ready, always curious steps in place before release. How many empty tubes did you buy?
start stabing dumb people until u feel better
Congrats to all 17 Orioles fans that witnessed history last night
how quickly he forgets
SLPS #13: Luke to Adam- "You guys can have sex on my bed as long as I can join"
will do!
All I wanted was some sun not a heat wave.
True;-) RT RT : "Life moves pretty fast. If you don’t stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.”
RT We r ~~~@ 5900 wilshire come and get some!!!!
Being a real person and trying this whole bed early wake up early thing... first a lil #trueblood with JN
Quote of the day. "Everyone works for Jay-Z eventually." -My Dad talking about him working on the new stadium.
Embrace Change: Mark Twain, “The only person who likes change is a wet baby.” Learn to like positive change. Be dry, warm and grow...
Im soo numb *_* i can see my blood through my skin..vainz popin out.
Ion be wanting to go kick it cause I got other shit I have planned for my life
Eating neopolitan ice cream, reading Cosmopolitan magazine.
awww glad i made ur day love ya to=)
Die? Im immortal baby. I'm gonna travel time with Doc Brown and run that friggin Dilorean until the doors fall off. :D
i see ur point, but don't you just feel like getting wasted when the Packers lose a big game to make u forget & ease the pain? :)
Corey, we create custom twitter backgrounds for pro athletes. We would LOVE to do one for you FREE. Follow & DM us if UR interested
NU3MBERS at 2AM is about Electronic Voting fraud. It's like the TV knows I'm putting together a portfolio of my work.
Sycamores and Stags are underway at Third place is up for grabs between a pair of great mid-majors.
Already the last day at World of Asphalt! Come visit Kraft Tool in booth
Cool any day before the 15th is a go for me. I have a gig at the Elbo Room July 14th, FYI! :-) hit me up too!
my son playin football and is 9. Broke arm couple years ago and hasn't played last 2 yrs, any conditioning he needs b4 pads?
If I were in the running for most awkward human being... I think I'd have a good chance at winning that thing.
are you the middle child
Why don't aliens eat clowns??? Because they taste funny....
What? that's awesome. what's the app called?
Riverside and Lexington in an epic battle going into the 10th.
of course but still xD
Curious to know why there are no longer any internal office photos of Pandora's "Music Genome" processing online...
Thanks man. I appreciate that.
At the brewery!!
Let the church say...Amen. “: Good Morning!! Jesus is always with you....you are not a lone!! Sing ya'll”
any new album you coming out with? If so I'd like to assist you in your album cover and design work. keep that in mind ;)
Chi chi chi! Le le le! Los mineros de chile!!!! Thank you god!
How is everyone??:)
Hey did u get ur phone back yet mama
"I'm waiting for the apocalypse in 2012 / But I'm so wasted / I'll see you all in hell" - Al Jourgensen for Poet Laureate
school then the Cortland game then going with Mickala and Danielle bowling....fun day for me today....really need my jamocha shake :)
yes :) if I'm not in NYC all weekend. Haha
I appreciate thoughtful ppl....the little things mean a lot!!
Opening was fantastic! People turned away at the door Saturday, Sunday matinee with roughly 150 people. Can't complain :)
I'll be in my bunk.
#nikenextwave is Sczeszny! If only spelling it were as easy as guessing it!
Stand up. Speak out.
I love getting my nails done, but hate how long it takes.
well said. RT : from #AGUSPC12: "Good #science leads to lives saved" - Tim Manning,
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
We're daring the rain & planning to go ahead w/Tai Chi Chu'an @ Fitness by the Fountain - 6pm tonight. Wear your rain gear & come join us!
am afraid it will be like the Parsifal I saw which ended with singers drinking Koolaid in Auschwitz.
Ron Paul will bring troops home, save trillions$$. Maybe we can use that money to balance the budget.
Maybe it's like that for you, to me even the Internet gets pretty quiet at night. Maybe I need more Euro pals.
I learned today that I am a better window cleaner than a mechanic. Still had a very productive day either way you look at it.
why hey gorgeous how r u
Lol... Come and we will educate you. :)
Just saw the ship's doctor to get some medicine for my headache. It won't be gone too soon… Off to bed. I'll be sure to update in the a.m.
I know brotha. Livin' the dream!
You're braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think
welcome more new tweeties to my timeline Thanks for following!
Yea it was a baby picture of Mox (the first one we got)
Skylar rises when she is needed
o what's gonna be on it?
thank you for trying it out!
“It is the heart of a star that leads its way to the sky.”
omg. Is there any buses?
Seems that life in prison (without parole) will become next frontier of justice-seeking sooner than we imagined.
We've currently got room for... 2 or 3 more transcribers. Volunteers wanted! (Inquire within..!)
Leave it to the helping profession to be unhelpful.
Ticketmaster should have the info RT : Where can I get info on VIP Tickets for the concert on 6/22?
Love is a feeling, Marriage is a contract, and a Relationship is work. Lori Gordon
Friday Tip: In the event of a Flood....Prepare a kit with emergency supplies. Also prepare a safe room in your home.
The UN chief has said he is alarmed by escalating violence in Syria - and warned the country's president to stop.
because I won't be in Seattle :/
I do have ur numb!
"Derivative writers seem versatile because they imitate many others, past and present. Artistic originality has only its own self to copy."
hope you enjoyed your delivery today
Sorry for putting a damper on your day....
no im not mean, no im not stucked up.... I just dont talk much...
Did they also make a compelling case that PR services have a good ROI for them or their clients?
I love Fords! But bought a #Nissan this last go round,...shame on me lol
should visit the garage!
omg you guys are the best :')
I missed it. How bad was it?
Saving & sharing history!
for sure me and many ICONiacz out there!!!!! :D
Don't forget to follow to get the latest updates about our upcoming 9th Annual Users Conference June 13-15!
Because it pales in comparison to your beauty.
“There are many little ways to enlarge your child's world. Love of books is the best of all.” - Jacqueline Kennedy. Happy World Book Day!
Gov Patrick talking about Big Dig lighting fixtures replacement - "It [Big Dig] was never adequately payed for or overseen"
I like instagram, but $1billion? What money-making special-sauce do they have cooking that we haven't seen? Loony.
Also, takeoff and landing? My kids know to look over and hold my hand. In a way, my fears free them to not have them...
is working hard on summer programming! #Yoga does not stop in the summer for our students!
Finna Take Ah HOT Shower (:
Working solo @ my kitchen table on doc she wrote...offering suggestions. Virtual. Does any1 ever work "with" anyone anymore ;)
Wednesday is the new Friday. Get with it
Amen! Thank you <U+2665> RT Yes, and for you as well! God is good!
Me too. Going to be great. RT : Anytime! It was a great show. Can't wait for 's next week! cc:
should be on the list?
Gotta get the win in Miami!
Sleep when??? power nap if anything.... up gettin this lettuce as u should be doing too
I get enough of that sharing your bed,
I'm trying to see where my bro is so I can get the car and get one
Madonna was solid. Interested to see how they top that with next year's halftime show!
Not in this series RT : .... woah. Haddadi-Gasol lineup? Have we seen this before?
north off the blue line rosemont stop near the hyatt hotel u cant miss it
it's a beautiful day!
who won best of show? Bummer I missed judging this year.
Shut the fuck up
“: Well it is October 1st. What will you be doing today?” a rain photoshoot!
With the Lord as my strenght What can man do to me....cover in his blood
Thought your FC article on Kickstarter made a lot of sense.
Big thanks to for always doing such a great job. Guys in Arlington, be sure to check them out.
"they should make braveheart with rihanna" I'M DRUNK DONT JUDGE ME
What time do you eat for Wednesday?
Brilliant. I love having careers in which yoga pants are standard work attire.
John Mayer's voice soothes my soul.
Is every so called video vixen/model really this bad at buisness? $500 per day plus travel and hotel seems not to be good enough!!!
ughh fine >.< and i dont leave until the first week of August!
Thinking so much about life lately
Yes jean day for the next month if we bring a jar of peanut butter to donate to the food drive.
Ah. Gotcha. RT he's Tom cruise short
Production Asst tv show was shot in the stomach yesterday while trieing to protect her wounded cousin.
I can't wait to record the new MTYS album..not to toot my own horn, but it's going to not-suck and not-suck hard...
Deb, great to meet you and thanks for your insightful talk on "Making Innovation Real" at 's Forum yesterday!
Depends on how much you already know about video. You can call us 619-594-5640
real eyes realize real lies
Like Occupy Wall Street? Like Science Fiction? Write for Solidarity Science Fiction magazine!
Competition is was makes the best things in all forms.
Troy and Abed in the morning... Nights!!!
FOLLOW she's a cutie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
Great Lesson with Patrice Rushen...now in my music of Miles Davis class... then haircut :)
follow back please
Lmao but i had a good time! taught me how to eat sunflower seeds :D
ritard: there's one in every family.
along the same lines as a singleton. Just caching in a static variable so all instances can share the same object.
im never sure whether you're just tweeting or running some smart viral experiment
Tumbs up...I mean, thumbs up to Made in Jersey
Graduation is next Thursday! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
RT BREAKING- Multiple Police agencies at home of reputed mobster in CT linked to Gardner Museum heist.
Wait a second, I knew that! Did you date Leigh-Anne????
are you in for fish fry and flick?
Some people put a little bit of their life story into every tweet... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> just type something!!!!
Steelers and Bears fighting it out in the 4th quarter. must be going nuts!
jordan!! u & your mom should come to our show at the roxy tonight! -
Happy December all #Sagittarius. Our time, our month, remember to point those arrows to the heavens above.
How accurate is google translate? May b a silly ques but I need to use it and i'm worried LOL
Currently researching for a massive coffee tasting!!
I'm almost positive me and come to Walmart more than your average human beings.
Weekend at Polyneices's
I never did very well in math - I could never seem to persuade the teacher that I hadn't meant my answers literally
So sad mb's not coming *crying*
ETC is invading Northern Cali in a couple of weeks. Bay area folks please come and see us at (1/13) or (1/15)
CNN has become Watch Watch Happens Live, but with uglier, less likable people and slightly more boozey conversation.
Planning on going to the #MMA Fight Pit Genesis this SAT,August 13th? We have a special $99 rate for! Call 1.800.233.1234 to book your rm.
New spam free search engine rocks
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she needs more followers it's doesn't take much time to press follow button please <U+2665><U+2665>
thank you for your support.
thanks for following!
you trying to go there tomorrow for someones
This fool stay falling asleep on me! <3
#ThingsNotToDoDuringAFuneral Yell Out "Y.O.L.O"
My morning text from , "Hi yontee. Happy earth day hipster!" LOL
I typically loathe college-wide email chains about lost keys but am delighted Oxy reunited a cute/lost pit bull with his fam today.
Plans tonight? Someone invite me somewhere. I'm actually bored on a Friday night. :/ grr
My sister should be fucking grateful she's finished with school, instead she acts like she's depressed
The Silk Tie likes the Vampire Mob! If you get blood on your tie and need a new one, thesilktie.com
I've been in the car five minutes and I've already had three people cut me off.
Smoking that #Supersonic, that #Gary Payton
Only if it made sense for u...happy to help make sense of a meal schedule for u.
2days workout was great! Did my 10 sets of 15 reps on 4 diff hamstring exercises. It was tiring but I am getting some grt results frm it.
Heading to tonight! If you are going out. Join me for a drink or two.
The one here in Springfield is Nasty AF! Lol, only ate there once since it's been open.
Sunday was great, i havn't laughed that hard in a while!
Blowing off some steam with
#atnight is where I come to compleet terms with" what is, what's not, and what was" its a shame I hate to see it all hurt so bad
Everybody follow an get them to 30k so we can see the video!!!!!!
I'm spending more in gas to get to work than I'll actually make today. Them cutting my shifts every day is getting old fast. New job please?
That awesome moment when PorkyPig says "Im about to go H.A.M!"
AMEN to that :)
TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that takes place ON A TRAIN.
Tech instruction meeting afternoon then reference desks...busy day
*hoping (typo)
Welcome back! Hope your project went well!
Looking forward to using this lens RT : A new study suggests a contact lens which provides a dual focus can slow progression of...
Me and Jordan Benker are sassy friends for life.
Heading out to event with
Let's be honest, nobody wants to hang out with anyway.
I Love your tweets. Ahaa (x
My interview with a UC Davis student who was pepper-sprayed down the throat by Lt. Pike. Powered by Plu.sr
Just started watching HIMYM. Why am I so late to this awesome party? Also, I'd like to marry Ted. Should I suit up for him? :)
Whats up this morning?
Last day to tweet about Gaultier Fete! Contest ends today.
Be yourself, because life's too short to be anyone else.
Tonight-Art Opening: The Horizon Line ~ Paintings by Ellen A. Lewis Sat. 6/4, 7-10pm, Sycamore Place Gallery, 120 Sycamore Pl., Decatur, GA
WOW WOW WOW WOW
Cry Baby, Whiner, Confused, Too Old...? Say what you want but "Favre" looked awesome and proved he still has what it takes. Ouch Packer fans
Do you use a PC, smart phone, or gadget to record your work, sleep, exercise, diet, mood, or anything else?
Boy that Schonefield kid sucks! Right
Excited for the #boxing tonight at !
Just ate a peach. Despite popular belief, it was a poor substitute for pussy.
yupp im in that too...iv been studying all day and have literally just given up
Girls are just girls, you don't need to understand them or make any so called theories regarding them, just enjoy and NOTICE their presence.
he's a 7-foot catcher, he wasn't gonna get much slower
Our new monthly consulting plan is getting serious traction. I'm finding that the more clients I take on, the sharper my ability to help is.
Consumers value choice. #IHOP offers choice in menu items, caloric content, and healthier items for substitution.
Does that mean the short rib at Momufuku Sunday was a bit disappointing? Duck was outrageous.
Im not even gonna try to tweet chris..i know he wont see it anyways
Cause at 4 am when the sweat sets in, did you get my message did it send? Or did you just get on with your life?
looking forward to you killin it tonight!!!
Can't sleep.
Shake that skeleton
making it pumped for the team! Muah
“: that cashin out song cold” definitely coming down bro...
"The words go deeper than the slaps."
Welcome to Twitter !
#Yankees are a 197 MM Team.. "Patience" Flies out the window when you have to take a 2nd Mortgage to see a Ballgame.
Thanks for the RT : - )
why you did that , coz he did it? And well obvious is bad that someone cut itself :)
Happy Happy Hour DC!
a dunkin donut! :)
I totally blame non-vision execs who restrict IT RT : A5 I blame IT..but it's probably more financial in a lot of cases...
Rough day.....Good night twitter!
What a wet weekend in Wisconsin! Did you manage to stay dry?
I have been up for over 5 hours and as of yet have not started crushing. Why not
We would worry less if we praised more. Thanksgiving is the enemy of discontent and dissatisfaction. Harry Ironside
I just watched the first two eps and so far, my favourite part is that credit sequence animation.
Getting a Good Fan base started :))
my day went from bad to good thanks to my girlfriend <3
Free Unlimited Direct Website Traffic, Banner and Text Advertising Always FREE Every Day!
I feel like a Lil kid waiting on Santa Claus...
Sounds good, thanks Shary!
Greys Anatomy. You get me every time everytime!!
The 4th of July is right around the corner--give a patriotic candy arrangement as a gift to a soldier you may know
get ready, this friday we get the A team back together!
I will not be using helium from now on! I'm glad to be informed.
I'm allergic to beer (I KNOW!), but I will happily post the slides to Slideshare later this week.
nice running into you this morning and congrats on the new position :)
I AM WHO I AM BCUS I WORK HARD 2 B WHO I AM!! HATERS FALLBACK!!! BOW
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.
Poor Shirley, Heather's dead and can't
Just passed Little Miami High. Almost there.
so I should mess with skarlett? Cd who do u think is the most technical in the game and unexplored
Yep, but I might try to make a Twitter list -- better than going one by one to each participant page.
Yes you do it too RT : u do it too
You must be on the redline. LOL
Tough choice but A all the way!!!
Boogie Nights. What a great film.
New Rain Makes Applesauce Post: Mommy! Saturday Story Time
Reggie Evans , Gone Beat Marc Gasol Ass
20 assists and counting...
Whatever though, just gonna fall asleep to Regina Spektor & Ingrid Michaelson.<3
lol u should have went
From this week's print edition: Profits for publicly traded #Illinois companies in 2011 soared 42% over 2010 levels.
are you coming to movie night Friday?
I ain't nothing but a Hound Dog...with News about Houston area Apartments. Everyone needs a gig.
There was Danish in this box? Man, why didn't someone tell me?
I want Justin Bieber's Someday perfume
Good Luck to all the startups presenting at the #TechStars Boston demo day TODAY!
Have glanced at it before, but not really my interest. Thanks for trying and being potentially useful.
How was everyone's weekend? Everyone watch the Brewers and Packers show 'em what Wisconsin is made of?
I love you woman!
you're so beautiful omg ilu
This OSU-KU score shouldn't surprise anyone. Purdue should have beaten KU, and OSU is much, much better than Purdue
Sitting back waiting for karma to do it's job.
That's an awesome photo of Freddy Mercury!
Why must it rain every time I decide to run a 5k? I'm 3 for 3
Taking a nap.
Did you know, 40 SEI Academy students made HONOR ROLL this quarter! So proud of all our academic achievers!!
Channel 13, Rick Scott is lying to you. The website he took down helped consumers compare ALL property insur. so they could get best price
Idk all of it so im skipping to the parts ik haha SO WHY YA STANDIN OVA THERE WIT CHYA CLOTHES ON
Anti-jokes are the best
I love being an esthetican!
#heyarnold i want a room like arnolds!
Metro president Steve Jordan at the podium to accept the sculpture
would it be better for us to visit now or sometime after the baby is born?
Get out to 1400 Idlewood On Saturday for the Black Love Fest! We are expecting 10,000
Track practice, games, school, homework, boyfriend it's alot to balance ahaha
Just saw The Vow and I got to see some Tatum bum-cheeks!! :P
Good discussio at the board meeting today around site selection. It's exciting to be zeroing in on the home for Hope Lights.
nice n comfy @ lebann, indiana rest stop :-)
Traffic in LA has not changed a bit...rush hour on the Santa Monica Freeway...
you're a redneck. you should've known that since you have the american flag painted on your roof. but then again rednecks are
Think twice before burdening a friend with a secret. -Marlene Dietrich
Ok bout to HEY GURL hair than comn nxt...
i like being naked
Thanks for continuing the conversation! It ended up being quite a lively thread. Many great links & references.
*yawn*...driving home.
I was riding the train earlier thinking: I want to see puppets do Shiva Nata. But would the puppet master's head explode?
that's so mean!!
Welcome new followers!! Thanks for the follow :)
Singing at academic conferences would perhaps invigorate the academy more than anything we could possibly theorize!.
you are welcome.
Can't wait to hear 'Kill the King' and 'Break for it' on the new album.
A hater is just someone who wishes they could be you, so thank them for their admiration & move on.
I have no problem admitting my mistakes, I just hate when people feel the need to rub that sh*t in my face..-_-
w.e your doing an tweet her happy birthday or dm stop being rude an do it foreal please
bc i just got home from a party and im wide awake lol.
6% DC ticket tax coming and drop in arts funding/distribution? says "we'll get by as always, low prices and fun material"
#blogchat Don't let perfection be the enemy of the good :)
I would love one.. Could even toss you a few bucks toward your favorite charity.. Even if that is you!..
yankeeincanada: i can't consider empty complaints to be a prof responsibility (free speech sure) and i have seen a few la ...
i will try to follow everyone soon, #f4f everyone c; i always follow back!(:
When you think about me, I'll text 143<U+2665>
mexico is not the answer.
Moments like these concern me
i might get a membership for the summer... but it sucks they dont have olympic lifting platforms :/
#nwill2011 some Softchalk features: interactive questions, activities, and games; media & widgets; ADA compliance, metadata, scoring
I have no idea, I'm hoping sometime soon. But idk cause I didn't do that great in school :((((
How are you not intrigued by the acts of anonymous?
Get over the fact I rejected you to the public.
to answer that in 140 characters would be tough but theres a lot of great sports action!!
John Mellencamp - "No Better Than This" ...the first mono-only release to make the top 10 since James Brown's Pure Dynamite! in April 1964.
I need a dozen people to follow me.
Happy Happy Boy :) I love days like today!
Sha sha sha Sharks! Wish I had a TV or internet!
Welcome to Day 27! 'Abdu'l-Bahá is eating breakfast at the Euclid Hotel with some friends. This morning he goes to Pittsburgh.
Top 6 Comments on Mashable This Week
I haven't done an upgrade in a long time, but I believe CF8 upgrade asks for CF7 lic first, then CF8 upgrade lic, is that right?
"I don't know who this Darwin cat is, but survival of the fittest is anything but sociable" Palin added.
I got you tomorrow ")
got my thatcher ring just now. summer camp is almost over!
Congrats! I still have 2 weeks.
my clips???
God yes please. There aren't young people; I need your company, haha. Where are you working?
Great to hear from you!! Hope training is going well, thank you for all of the mentions! :)
Tired of not finding your friends? slow load times? Crashes? Us too! Major updates to today.
does urs go to dc?
Then again... "no cat anywhere, ever gave anyone a straight answer."
I do miss u ugly... I'm mad u stopped txtn me over sumn petty
Thanks and Merry Christmas! MT : Last minute shopping for the politico/history buff in your life? amzn.to/u5ob54
Lol I thought I was gonna have a productive weekend. Guess not.
all i can think about is Peyton's echo coming up next week...
Just be a follower. All Random.
Thank you Adam! :-)
It makes me sad that people seem so more ready to act on anger than love.
What do you do to lead others?
guess I can forget about the extra tree for the spare front bedroom, Bah humbug!
The clock
There are several dates available at Edgefield for a company picnic, 80 to 100 people in the Amphitheater. 503.492.2777
Can't fall back asleep because all I can think about is HAPPY GARDEN. Baaaaaah!
(well, now you know that I'm definitely NOT that patron -- this was my first time, I promise....)
Alright bro thanks
New game!!! Guess the person! Like (+3 is yes)
good luck yall!!!
Personal and Professional Development Tutor
great pop culture pieces. Will you send your next one to post on Vitamin W (3 WC women behind the curtain?)
Carrie underwoods new cd is great!
Ditto. Gotta edit out the bad, girl.
Need to make my dreams a reality!
Great recruitment lunch yesterday. Only 5 twitter followers away from 50! Who can help us get there by the end of the weekend?
rice crispy treats :)
as long as you don't find a hook dangling on the outside car door handle, things will be fine, for now.
Right? Makes me want to kill somebody. Actually everything makes me want to kill somebody. Bad analogy.
There's something running threw my blood, takes hold of me, taking me to heights you'll never see, that I'm your wildest dream
It's always way better when youre not the person driving when you go out , but tonight was fun
Praying for and her family. Stay strong sweetie
What's the deal with the Dem's? They can act all tough with Obama, but rolled over for the Gop?!
You let your kids get dressed with prostitutes? What kind of mother are you? :)
haha, well no more helping you text!
still hoping for green billed St.Patty's Day Nole's hats to pop up for sale. Any lying round the equipment room?
- Lets get both of y'all set up! Call me D.
I won't give up -Jason Mraz
haha! It's my son's boss!
um no so much
Why you bieng so judgmental of people lately? lol
Beginning of "the curse"-> RT : bad Hamilton decision letting Travis follow team around
The Vatican has ordered re-opening of 13 Catholic parishes in NE Ohio. What's involved and what do you think? Discussion now.
Avoid sugar shock: Enjoy some vinegar. The high acetic acid slows the breakdown of starch into sugar. Use some in your salad dressing!
Girls should have to pass a self-esteem class before being allowed to date.
tonight!!! Are you going?
I fly solo
:) Whoot! Thanks, Matt!
Q5. Who has the best Twitter avatar? Most unusual Twitter handle?
It takes meatballs to call a place Little Italy when you're not Italian or in the actual Little Italy.
I love u more<U+2764>
President Obama: "What's the difference between a hockey mom and a pit bull? [beat] A pit bull is delicious." Wow. Just wow.
No problem. Its what I do!
shit is wack. The dumb bastards are digging their own grave. Unemployment for young people is huge. Just a matter of time.
This movie is a joke..
business trip or pleasure?
i legit lol'd
i hate the snow!
I wish we were allowed to wear capris to work. Long pants in this heat is no good.
Im thinkin about getting a loft downtown.
Everyone calm down.. lil boosie still got 8 yrs in prison... People talking like he getting out tomorrow...
Okay, let me see if I have this right: POTUS supports same sex marriage and the State of NC does not? #whatswrongwiththispicture?
I didn't get to stroke Hunter's face for you omg
He hurt me & ill never forgive him 4 that. I cant believe he can do that after all weve ben through. Well hes lost me,now im gone for good..
Just checked. I'll be in SF. Damn. Hate I'll miss it. Will there be video????
With all the challenges, how can coaching support teachers to navigate our end of yr challenges?
#wewerecooluntil you didn't let me make that thing drip sweat.
Something's missing from #RHONJ: bring back Maybe he can break bread with the #Manzos this season?
Hi BOO BEAR! :)
I hate that depressing song in Toy Story 2 when Jesse reminisces about her old owner #makesmecry #imabigbaby :( :(
- No It Aint . . If They Don't Then They Aint Real .
settling in. :)
We hit 1600 "LIKES" today!! Thank you UC Peeps! Your support keeps us dialed up to 11 all day every day! Cheers! - Geoff n Ivy
MY iPHONE IS ON iCRACK.. SMH
#barneysbride Barney & Robin! Now I gotta wait.
WOO! “: just bought the album "Houses" ! :D”
FREE SHOW! If you're in the Vegas area tonight head to Yayos Tacos to catch our guys #TheEnclave at 7:15 pm
Let your work speak for itself.
hey & you too(:
I dont like it. People choose to live in the suburbs- commuting to events. Others choose cities- traffic, noise, events- baseball.
She don't want a man she just wanna
hahaha! Some people have no life's <U+E412> just laugh it off, bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks <U+E405>
Ive never hated the Flyers more in my life than I do now. Id rather stick my dick in an electrical socket while in the shower than like them
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR FAVORITE DANCE MOM TIED WITH ! Please don't leave! We love Brooke & Paige!
Experienced dancers male or female between ages 18-21, interested in becoming one of my dancers...DM
How about yours?
Waiting in line at Buff Exchange to sell my clothes. These hipsters are SO slow, these people are obviously transplants. -_-
Awesome performance u were really kind and nice to talk to stay sweet!! <3
Did you have a great breakfast?
lots of patience...
They were very good tonight. Very physical.
I Love You Too :)
Thanks for following!
Were a film office out in new mexico. Focused on future productions, tv series, and all areas of film.
then that's their fault/stupidity if they get hit. But a biker/walker getting hit by texting driver has no choice or chance
Thanks!! Have a great weekend:-))
okay, TEXT ME lol
I Swear His Girlfriend Is SOO Fucking Dramatic. Seriously. She Needs To Be Brought Down Ten Notches -_-
how yu been
Oh, yum! It smells good in here! Ham & scalloped potatoes in the oven.
Have u created a profile on www.knowledgesafari.com? Join others talking about #specialneeds #autism #hydrocephalus #cerebralpalsy & more!
more! pple pies, blueberry pies, cinnamon biscotti and maybe coffee cake (we'll see). Hope to see all you locals there tomorrow 8:30a to...
News working for our soldiers and Vets helping them get benefits join rickeys team rickeyleewatson.warriorsupport.us earn 6,200 mo.details
love that Seli
So pissed over everything from today.
we have an awesome Alaskan Brewing tasting event all day today too - not only great Rubicon beer - but 5 beers from up north too
I got my first two grades in grad school back today. -- :).
15 or 17? Hahaha crazy chicks. But whats funny is that I meant to upload some photos these days, I even asked Carla to help me
Loved on Real Time w/
You did. RT : I knew the heli crash was fishy. And Abottabad is not just "outside Islamabad". Its way, way outside.
Came upon a love song I wrote... It is my favorite original song by far... It's called "Eyes of an Angel"
ur mom always does that to u lol and yes I HATE IT follow plz
#Booked ! Shooting Friday on horseback - oh, yes.
You got my ticket?
BEST NIGHT EVER & YES THEY SAW ME! I THINK
Twitter deal - 1st 50 people through the doors after 4pm today get a $1 draft beer! Mention twitter to receive the discount.
I love how your Brothers give back with the charity work they do. Good Guys
miss yuh to
Starting the final chapter!
#SaySomethin is perfect, have listened to it 213 times ... Your perfect in everything you do #cometoohio watcha think?
shit im ready for tomorrow
A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history. #TVC ~~Mahatma Gandhi
hi you rep the west
Hey how is everything going for you
framed my signed poster!(:
Saw it yesterday. Loved it :)
God said YES YOU CAN...just wasnt my time.
And kp no you cant know LMAO
once again Leyland shows himself to be the worst handler of pitching staff in the AL or perhaps all of baseball
tweeted about unabashed illegal book downloading. Anyone run into this with teens? Can libs. Do anything to help?
Wake & bake.
time to play my favorite game!! How far can I drive with the gas light on ..
Alright alright alright!
Hope everyone had a good thanksgiving!:D
NFL Redzone is so damn good!
Austin didn't wear me to Teen Hoot last night <|3 :'(
What are you waiting for? Come to Saratoga Downtown Farmers Market! The #ahi and #salmon is ready and fresh! Let's Go!!!
Should I buy the over priced coffee table I've had my eyes on OR pay my parking ticket debt?
The Rumpus Room. Please give an extra pat on the back to our waitress, Jennie, she was beyond excellent!
bhahaha....you should have seen all of us this morning. We looked like a$$!
Thank you following me. I am looking forward to networking with you.
Creative writing. Liberal arts ed is learning how to deconstruct ideas + construct arguments. You can't learn that on the internet
hey girl im home not gonna be in class tomorrow if you let me know what we did
what the heck you talking about? Pekachoos?!? Slow down on the booze ;)
Thanks for spreading the word! I dare anyone to watch the trailer and stay indifferent - Watch
Thanks so much for participating. Enjoy your I-Tunes!
Download "Money and Mistress" on our purevolume for FREE! Help us get to 10k likes on facebook and we will make the rest free!
NO I DUZ NOT.
Its called a bubble, which eventually popped. Just like the housing bubble.
Rondo with the buzzer beater !
LeBron claims he's the one true king. Seems like every lord in the realm is claiming to be the king these days.
Every time I see a gorgeous woman on the streets of Las Vegas I think "she's off to give some other schmuck a headache"
Cutting pensions have consequences, too RT : Remember when Obama used to say "elections have consequences"? www.StandWithWalker.com
S/o 2 I love ur tweets! My type of female!!
love that man.
awesome training! Sorry had 2 run out! Think I left my. Sunglasses!
#ndpl "we need to move resources, rethink roles, and all services to existing clients" -meg bellinger
Radomski's entree to baseball RT : "I started off as a Mets batboy and then became a clubbie." Started in 1985 as a 15-year-old.
#Texans going as Jekyll & Hyde for Halloween.
Enjoyed meeting my new iConnect students at #usffw. It's going to be a great semester!
whats up bro how u been
- anyone want to help me paint?
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
who knows the best place to have a espresso #coffee in #Miami?
Try a pancake breakfast in Fennimore with Elijah our grandson and a tractor toy show
Albania heritage 4 , exploring roots, camera fllwing. good luck! RT : I'm not familiar. What's the scoop?
Have 45k going into 800/1600, last level of the day.
Big love to all the music lovers Mint, for Afrolicious live last Friday w- the Pimps of Joytime. Was an epic time in LA!
so disappointed in abdc tonight :( pitbull such a fuckin sell out -_-
#Jags take WR Justin Blackmon in the 5th overall pick
DEFENSE IS ON POINT..
Pickup Line: I've had quite a bit to drink, and you're beginning to look pretty good
not a fan of ppl putting inspirational quotes in their email signatures...
did you send it yet? Just wondering how have you been?
TREY SONGZ JR IS DEAD NO
Wishing my mom a Happy Birthday today, u are my inspiration and reason for waking up every morning, I love you!! : )
Off this morning to meet Mike from , Check out the beautiful custom porches and homes this company does!
Our front-of-house representative will be getting in touch with you. Let us know if you don't hear back for some reason!
I need 7 by the Saints...soon. SF's secondary is fired up.
eMarketer: Attending our client-only breakfast today? Follow principal analyst David Hallerman's presentation on video advertising w/...
quote the girl off basket ball wives ( you not about that life ) wtf you all have never been in a fight proven fact YOU NOT ABOUT IT EITHER
come here and I will tell you
EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE A WILL. THOSE WHO HAVE A WILL RARELY NEED IT. ANYONE INTERESTED, CALL ME (772) 283-2868 FOR A FREE PACKAGE
is she in mt p with you?
Hitting up an open mic or 2 tonight. Hit me up if you wanna join me.
Samuel Smiles~ Hope...is the companion of power and the mother of success for who so hopes has within him the gift of miracles.
I ain't the kind you bring home to momma.
Im In The Hov Lane ...
feeling like crap zah is wit her dad giving me a chance to relax
thanks for the fab cocktail recipes and retweets!
I give in..Goodnight :D
Listening to practice
Eric Chow, President of the Pan Student Council, speaking on behalf of the students of Eastern Virginia Medical School welcomes Dr. Homan.
battery life for my iPhone 4 White (3 mos. old) so bad since iOS 5.1 update had to spend 100. on a Mophie battery case! :-(
Done with class. Sent 4 emails in rapid succession, now for a department mtg at noon
definitely! we want to make the best for our friends =]
Job opportunity: VP of Marketing & Communications, with a sales & marketing background in the medical industry. Oncology industry experienc…
Too right, big chapeau to the young lad.
Sound good to me, man!
naw you feel like a moose
The odds of one of Berkman/Beltran getting hurt are high. 2B every once and awhile. Rotate offdays. J.Jay is hurt.
How the world gets information is changing so fast it can be dizzying.
Rut Roh... I'll be watching the news
I love UR sense of humor! Muah!
Jenny's a freak #dislike!!!!!
Thats great! :) I miss her & you =\
The Capitol halls are echoing with someone repeatedly shouting out "Who's John Doe?"
Nordstorm's is a good place to buy a suit for 1-2k imo.
: Thanks for the welcome! Thrilled to be part of the #SVN family
been offered Rivers/Charles/Witten for ARod?...I'm thinking too little, he has 2.1 too. What do you think?
Problems with the transmitter. Should be fixed Monday.
Looking for a birthday gift? Our giftcard is the perfect gift for everyone.
Applying for Hulu job has been surprisingly enjoyable so far. Friendly, responsive people. No forms where you repeat everything on resume.
Just saw a comedy show and now eating cookies and cream gelato. I'm rounding up to the nearest weekend.
Meetings for April 13, 2012 - The Advocate
HOLY CRAP IT'S HAILING IN MIAMI.
I enjoy playing with a hose:)
Last week was National Flap Jack Week!
John DeAtley (KY Council on Postsec) describes challenges of driving state change. Logic, evidence help, but behavior change takes time.
you dont have to tell me twice
Fred Couples and Doug Flutie. Some things never change, Jared.
I need to get involved with a charity. Anyone have any recommendations?
my stomach hurts...I have too much on my mind.
Good Wednesday Morning! Laura Diaz (or Demi Moore as Erik calls her) is back from bout with bronchitis! We have the whole crew here!!!
Hey, thanks! I'd love to know who does your social media. It'd be great to connect & and network!
I want to have chips, guacamole, and mojitos with my coworker, as she jokingly suggested. But instead I am getting drive-through Taco Bell.
don't even tell me you're doing the exact same thing right now?aha but yes we are England themed&Disney movies every night!
My cousin finally has a twitter! Crap... gotta watch what I say now. Haha
What a nice surprise! :)
Reconnection Youth retweet my last tweet to get the word out about the new Reconnection App out to ur friends. New sermon available.
Working at NewVox... But stepping out for coffee
Don't think about the business opportunities- think about what you love ~Deanna Brown on successful bloggers
If you don't get out my mentions with that bull...
thanks darling I miss you!!!! :)
We were too damn young to know any better.
it is near the iste store, I think the same floor as registration.
Is that selection bias at work?
Forever waiting for the day will follow me...
RT via : I have become that person who answers work emails with "That's fantastic! Writing a blog post about it?"
your eyebrows have a personality of their own. Lol
Nice! Hey! A lil hump back!
thank you for booking mahogany on the TV sitcom. we will see u guys tomorrow.
can't wait to see my amazing boyfriend tonight an hang out with my best friends tomorrow
If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of giants.
Written rules or unwritten rules - when two of the best college football players EVER get snubbed, it's stupid.
hmm on game night. And I thought you were a fan :-) hope its a good one
#hbrchat - profits enhance society
how r u?
A1 A Beach-food-spa loving one!
music just turned my frown upside-down.... <3 this job!
Happy Opening Day!
wish i was close enough to take a tour!
Coach, which defensive player benefits more from this new Rob Ryan defense??? D. Ware??
Awww yeah, shadow day at the high school tomorrow
awww kk yeah, that pic was so cute, it's bound to win something! :)
hi guys =)
No probs. Enjoyed the trivia, food and drinks last night. Will be back soon to use our gift card.
hahaha I better be seeing you in your new clothing this weekend then!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
very doubtful. Brady IS the read deal!
oh hush que
i dont understand why girls post half naked pictures of themselves with a quote about love or some shit...
tonight I was supposed to go work out but I decided to watch the new footage from a short film I did. All I have to say: amazing!
better than anybody. i know. :)
Day 7 giveaway Enter this code @ rawrr.bandcamp.com/yum: tc93-gd87 first 1 wins a DL of "The Interlocutor and the Subject"
Wear your shirt to the tonight and you'll get a pair of tix to the next rollerderby bout!
“: Got my cool backpack during first step at hazah!”
Can we talk other there <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
It got me 2.
hey friend
Peanuts are in fact not a nut. Peanuts are legumes, which contain the properties of both a bean or lentil.
I slept like a baby last night and by that I mean in a crib.
I believe everybody ought to get rich and famous and do everything they ever dreamed of so they may see that it is not the reply.
Currently wearing a Superman snuggie. Judge me.
New Zealand on a rampage so far at the 2012 , winning their second match 42-5 over Japan.
Date night with tom (y)
Check out for this piece, business only Q+A site ONLY using LinkedIn API & ppl can make money via telephonic consulting.
love that. did you write or are you quoting?
I sometimes get to talk knitting with patients
Hometown Glory | Adele
#CLIPPERS & will play GAME 6 in LA Friday 6 pm (PST). They'll close this out then. will ROCK!
Chiefs need to do whatever they must do to get #RG3!!
Work flow
Getting back together to review our small group action planning
Going to watch baylor tonight. want to see brittney griner.
Too busy working tonight.. Not going to get to rebuilding our website until the weekend... ugh
- in lisp a domain API becomes a well named set of functions. You still don't want to "repeat yourself".
we're also getting a ping pong table.
lol how fun would that be if I had a twin
Great seeing you last night!
Just home from Burnign Man gathering in San Fran, will build on that energy w/Maker Faire Detroit mtg WED www.socializr.com/event/315219229
everybody is upset about the no-show. no excuse is good enough.
back in the saddle.. I just finished a 2.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Wish I had a bike rack for my car so I could easily take it back and fourth with me
Whats good! Obama 2012, ya'll better get out there an vote like last time!
It sometimes seems that we have only to love a thing greatly to get it. ~Robert Collier
been fuxxin with your shit, you need to drop more. lets link up
All week on #GMA tv show reunions. I feel old that #inlovingcolor and #murphybrown are included
just like the #Knicks in #NYC rt : It is ridiculous that the Grammys are shot in LA yet it is impossible to watch it live in LA.”
If anyone follows me I will follow you back. It would be a + if could follow me. She is my fav #TNA knockout.
U aren't afraid to cry/RT : You know why girls don't hate me
Thanks for the RT, Mark.
you right. What I mean is I dont need your morals right now lol
Sounds like a beautiful morning! :)
Where can I check that out at.. YouTube?
Happy Birthday <3 your amazing! have fun ;) XOXOXOXOX
3 days until the show at the Paradise Skatepark on Merritt Island! Playing with Still We Rise from Orlando and others!
(while learning about herpes): "This is my high of the day!"
Today only! 15% off accessories for Riverwest 24 Race Riders!
it's so good!!
She's in denial.
What is greater to gain control over Marketing or Cash Flow
Oh. Em. Gee! Me! Christian Bale is fine. It's going to be so good!
Starting a new business, or need to retool the presence for an existing one? Contact me for help with fresh web site design and branding.
I wish I didnt hold back on so much. Its prevented me from so much.
Do you have trouble making up your mind? well yes or no?
#PRSMS Media Panel:
Comparing the Readability (is.gd/lxOn) and Readable (is.gd/qFRp) bookmarklets on the updated content Readable best.
This Katy Perry song makes my asshole pucker. I curse Russell Brand for this. Among other things.
Why Yes! But of course.... That's what I Do Lil' Mama!)
lmao you thought that was your last one!!
Flinn family trying LA restaurant recommendations from Palmetto Bay friends. "The Griddle Cafe" this AM & now "The Stinking Rose" 4 dinner
Watching burlesque didn't know was in here...good movie
kinda wish 3/30 was april fools day and what happened wasn't real. too hard to understand.
lets start a wolf pack. you can be the alpha male.LMAO!
Cant.get. #boyfriend .out.of.my.head. <333
Re:PENN STATE; Certain things aren't acceptable BUT have Compassion for BOTH parties. RE:MASS; I'm CERTAIN YOU are F#%*ing up in some way.
Uhm, it's the one right next to Holiday?
Don't know why emails not coming through on LVpublicity today- Please redirect the press releases to for response
Prom dress just came, actually fits perfect!
Kennedy…..what does it all mean?
RT : Check out next week at - "A World of Difference"
RT : I always wonder if 1970's recruiters used CB radios as a sourcing tool - random thought <--LOVE IT!
My news paper is
Quote of the day: If you want #change, you have to make it. If we want progress we have to drive it #SusanRice, #Stanford University 2010
yeah i imagine!
up to season 4! wondering if i should dl now or just wait for netflix to catch up to season 5? yes! it's terrible!
School has been fun but I wish the snow would stop
Yeah, something is broken, eh?": temp at 39 degrees? is this Alaska or Atlanta?"
It's all good! haha I'm doing okay. School started again, so I'm trying to get back into the swing of things. :D
lol I know but what I'm saying is ill probably forget xD
Is 24 hours?
my favorite is our new fathead of course!
Pumped for the wknd: Booth tomorrow, then gathering SD Scenester Contest Winners to see & !
I was giving you the eye lol ;-)
well I'm doing hot pink instead of red again. & nice (:
is astounded that more people are following me than i am following. i better get out there and find some more clever people!
lol idk church street..but im trying to fuck with ucf u feel me
Frank Mulgrew, President of the Online Education Institute at , on designing the next generation of #elearning, now at
When commercials are louder than the show your watching <
We have a disposition to trials and tribulations in this world, but the one thing we don’t have to work to earn is grace.
Walking into the arena and me and my best friend started crying, and they weren't even onstage yet...<U+2665> Jonas Memories
I'm complaining a lot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
nevermind just saw the email ....lol...
Google's New Search Algorithm to Crack Down on 'Black Hat Webspam' - Wired News
It was no small thing that the apostles were permitted to lead the colt away . . since the owners, more likely than not, were poor farmers.
when you know someone actually reads your tweets >>
you should join the facebook group I'm in. It's called something like "I hate Dan Brown strictly for literary reasons."
There's so much comedy on television. Does that cause comedy in the streets?
Oh cable back on
So happy to finally meet you. Thanks 4 your support & the work you do to combat negative Latino stereotypes.
Thank you my dear Jim, Glad it helped :) Blessings
Truth. RT : "If you aren't a graphic designer, don't do your own graphics." -
no my friend u suppose to like the steelers lol
do a single digit if u can't do 1, do 2!
that's because you are and it's the truth
any chance there will be a rain delay tonight????
Happy b-day Brandon!
yep you just went there
Omg ! Lea replied 2 me ! *DEAD* TOO HAPPY RITE NOW ! .... Hope it was the real Lea doe.... If not... Sucks 4 me !
Madd af.. bout to take a nap
Santa says he's sick of cookies. This year, he wants DeAngelis donuts! (Can you blame him?)
yeah!!! I feel so #special now :-D
have pride, show character, build tradition.
sickest. Haha I'm actually really lame but thanks :b
i literally cried watchin the Special on Trayvon. im getting a hoodie, ice tea and skittles then goin to school. RIP Trayvon
Haha Loiter Squad !!!!!!
#ucla pistol-whuppin' ol' #houston. Good to see #neuheisel and #normchow on the same page with the #prince of westwood
Happy Anniversary to the Duke & Duchess of Cambridge. ”
Got two more shows in Dayton before I move to Boston!!! Stay tuned for more details!!!!!......rage!
Rainy Monday in Austin
: I have a question
Thank you so much, Dave. Greatly appreciated :)
If your mom would like to borrow my car tomorrow, she is welcome to it! :-)
dammit, bitters, bitters! ...I need a vacation.
Congrats! What's your degree?
double fudge cookie dough blizzard, movies and some mike's. it's gonna be a good night.
Screw people. I hate them all.
The pain you feel today; is the strength you feel tomorrow. Off to the gym for some spinning :)
the reason we watch is the unexpected ! Imagine what ...
#idol time!
'In China, they just call it "food"..'
Thanks to everyone who supported us this year. May you all have a very safe and Happy New Year... Chris
Do all dogs think a waste basket is just a tall doggie bowl, or just the dog who owns me?
Today is Get to Know your Customers day so we want to know why you love Rio margs?
Nice work Pete, looks great.
Thanks for applying!
Let whether or not you have a good reason be your guide.
Ur a what?
Every time KU gets a lead they blow it. Start the 2nd half on a 7-0 run only to let UNC go on a 6-0 run.
about to take the stage at showcase at in
I haven't stopped thinking about you since I heard about your sister. Praying for her safe return!
#4famouswords Thank you. Come again!
Value is created by solving a problem and providing a solution.
there will be a new teaser this friday.. :p ...you gonna come out and watch us when we play live? yeah you better!
glad you could make it for #pnwds! I think you have some great thoughts on how our community can flourish.
The girls are learning poker at p-club.
Success is steady progress toward one's personal goals. - Jim Rohn
speakin of cherry pie...SHES MAH CHERRY PIE COOL DRINK OF WATER SUCH SWEET SURPRISE
If you haven't decided on a 10:30 session, just FYI - Prof. Dev. is in the sun!!
Let's go to the beach!
I got yer clouds covered :)
The dude asked why there are leaf pieces in the bathtub. When I explained they were from my new soap he looked thoroughly confused!
Please tell your friend to follow me on twitter and on Facebook :D
burned 160 calories doing 20 minutes of "Bicycling, 12-14 mph, moderate (cycling, biking, bike riding)"
Cheers and happy #WW all!
The will be parked in front of on Melrose Ave. for lunch today. Um, lunch.
Constance: "But now there are no more virgin plots. We live on top of each other. That's California now... and that's the world."
You tweet about the beach and California so much it's making be homesick lol stop!!! Please :)
So PRODIGY did get twerked on at the party OMFG
You're welcome! :-)
One down three to go!
so jealous.
it's awesome!! *giggle!* smdh
Internet, I wish you weren't so needy. I've already said I 'Like' you. How many more times do I need to say it?
So Facebook bought Instagram. I'm sure Mark Zuckerberg won't make any changes to it.
I'm really excited about my new band. Just want to go home and play guitar all day.
is it really? Very nice!
#20ThingsAboutMe I still obsess over the Jonas Brothers.
Thomas Kinkade died from a Heath Leger death.
.99 drinks all night and... NO COVER AT BROADWAY BAR TONIGHT !!! TOP 40 VIDEO MIX ALL NIGHT !!! 21+
Saw an interesting/provocative exhibit of 31 nude male sculptures on rooftops around Manhattan's Madison Square Park and nearby sidewalks.
this guy
Tell us funny song-lyrics-gone-wrong. Example: Big Ol' Jan and Lyonel instead of Big Ol' Jet Airliner by Steve Miller Band.
Craving a red velvet cupcake..
my #fridayreads is ALIAS GRACE (still) and ARE YOU MY MOTHER?
you LOST lol, wrong team fam...good luck tomorrow...
Yes--you worry about the entire experience...not just the sale of a bottle of wine.
MRS C. if UNITY ever needs you for a wish can you assist?? Bless ya an share in OUR passion! SMILE!
Going To Meet My Love On June 30th.<3 Then He'd Know I Exist <3 Harharhar .<3 I love you ! @<33
black/white heck, I am always referred to as the big bald guy.
The future is already here, it's just not evenly distributed yet.
It's so much easier!!
wonder if anybody kissed our shopping center yesterday.... RT : The most kisses happen on Valentine's Day.
HFC's WEST orientation program will continue until the beginning of the next session. Look for pictures soon!
Everytime i take eggs out of the fridge, i ask "What's Crackin?"
Champagne and fireworks! Rice does graduation/convocation so beautifully.
#TeamAxeMenBondingTime was great. It was a perfect night. Gotta do this more often
Would love to connect with you Can you DM me you email so we can figure out a good time to chat?
we all know its you! =)
Collaboration is key. thanks!
After dinner and drinks, that is.
Just got off work, time for an essay interview ah.
Alright, well, I'm officially finished with doing things that I think other people would want me to do.
I'm hungry for prosciutto. Always.
OH: she was cute but she had a lazy lip
This hmk needs to be finished tonight! I plan to RELAX starting 5 p.m. tomorrow until 8 a.m. Monday.
ON MY MAMA WE GON MAKE THIS BOY LOOK GOOD! CHALIE BOY IN THA BUILDING TODAY GETTIN READY FOR HIS SHOW TONIGHT AT CLUB RAIN! COME IN AND SEE
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. Winston Churchill
if you've tweeted over 30,000 tweets, have you spent too much time on twitter?
We like to call that a Bolo Tie - Yeehaw!
I'M FALLING FOR YOU!
Shhhhh! Don't tell them your high-fashion secret!
Why am I breaking out so much? :(
at work doing what i do best lol!!! cant wait to get home and relax and then try to make up the mind for whats in store tonight.
im not doing anything bad on friday(:
...honoring those who gave their lives, and those who serve this great Nation.
mims is crazy
Did you know... March is Women's History Month!! Only 2 more days...
you too! She was definitely unhappy and mean back then.
sucka for love
And a job in Boston.
is our tech still on site?
trip to hawaii
The Situation is in rehab??? I told the boys everything happens when I'm on vacation! Damn!
Dakota Poud draws a walk, first and third for Mineral Point with two outs in bottom of 7th. Tying run at the plate.
Try them on our revamped meatloaf! RT : Check out & to taste our wonderful shrooms!
You should soon. I received an email from them and they mentioned that they're reaching out to referrals.
Hey chris u tweet me #TEAMNICANA #TEAMCIKEY and #TEAMMAYLAR? Please! It for my science group.
So not to freak anyone out, but Act 3 totally has a lore set about the mystery of the Barbarians. So Walmart beat you.
Thanks for the RT! Have a Terrific Thursday! :)
y'all wanna hoop?
can't wait to read it!
If you're everything you say you are could you come close & hold my heart </3
he's not overrated. He's been called bad more times than burnt bacon. How do you ditch a guy who saved your season?
You Won't coming up live on Big thanks to You Won't for the last minute performance ()!
Reading Bringing up Bebe ....four chapters in and already concerned that Jules must truly love and respect food. And no snacking.
Madison Pharmacy Associates | Good ideas aren’t adopted automatically. They must be driven into practice with courageous patience - Rickover
Here comes the boom, with Kevin James. Ill be super famous soon.
hmm i'll check it out
I heart
Come to Cali and I can Tat that on you! lol
Hungover & beat but drinks keep coming & they taste really god.
CALL ME
MY NAME IS MY NAME
If I was a famous youtuber I would at least say hey especially if we have made a video together geez..
What happened to boys making the first move?
- is that today? Sounds like a good opportunity
MY MOM ALWAYS LEAVING ME AT SOMEBODY HOUSE WELL AT LEAST THEY HAVE WIFI LOL
I already assumed I was but hey I'll take it. We can finally jam out to one direction together. Only "I want" though.
I need help this depression is killing me.
Latin Perspective, Latin Jazz Hour can be heard around the Globe, every Saturday from 8 -9 am (Eastern Standard Time) at www.erieradio.com
Im Afraid Of Not Meeting The Peoplee I Love </3 It breaks My Heart . :'c
Ok last of my 10 angry birds jokes... running out of gas I have to admit
Themistocles~ I choose the likely man in preference to the rich man I want a man without money rather than money without a man.
I've realized I never know.
Yes - Totally enjoyed it! It wasn't' quite at the start of my day...but mid-day works too.
My new toms just came in!!! Ah
(Finally) got my car! Yay for mobility.
Is your pet's arthritis worse on damp days like today? If so - she may suffer from a damp bi syndrome... We have many treatments for this!
if only mozzarella making proved to be as fan as they say...
RT : Oh Ricky you're so slick, you're so slick, You Make Me Sick! Hey Ricky! Hey Ricky!
Hi :) haven't been on in a while. Hmu. :)
Happy Mother's Day to all Mothers!
Can't wait till announces NORTH AMERICA 2013 #BTWB Dates! She will sell out all of the shows in under 2 minutes! :)
A quote is nothing more than a reminder to one who's forgotten and needs reassurance.
25% off today for anyone with a Military ID for Veterans Day!!!
Julie if u think that there are crazy ass vamp.diaries check this chick out luv ya but dis person is team jewls
Dear god, how'd you cut your finger to the bone?!
haha. Dude. Tasted so good! ; )
It's safer for authors to use an open license because then you'll always know how your content will be used on the internet
YOU HAVE BEEN BLASTED PERRY :)
I think he called a foul on santa.
should be and should be for #Halloween. That is what I want for
Watching #that70sshow its my all time favorite, show....i want to have all the season on dvd ;p
Hey Jeff , Can you follow back:) -MBNYST
define big Pirates fan? Lol
on their FB page.
I never meant to make you cry, but tonight, I'm cleaning out my closet.
in LA and would like to see skylight but no car. What neighborhood? Bus lines?
well obvo because we arent having a real one im just messing around there big girl
Watching Game of Thrones immediately after finishing Hilary Mantel's Wolf Hall sequel was a terrible idea.
I will do anything if someone would write my theology commandment essay for me. It was due yesterday....
It is time for you to call it a week! Enjoy your weekend!
The brewers are a mess!! Going to bed. This is crap!
Lets dance in Styles. Lets dance for a Niall. Louis can wait, Kevins only gone for a while. Hoping for the Zayn but expecting the Payne
That's sweet! Yes, they love their signs. I imagine myself sneaking to their dorm room one day with signs.
I look forward to the day that Russel Brand just disappears forever.
Was a fan since yesterday of and is now a bigger fan
The dr told me that I have about two weeks..
finally stopped in this joint the other night. Had a tasty Alpha King and a John Sullivan! Anyone been?
To be honest I don't know wether it was breath or her body but I was just soo relieved and happy when she finally left ..
Thank you for following me!! A total dream come true!!! <3
Bitch please, my picture is amazing. #ohsnap. Just face it your a #loser (;
It did low-key crack might go back Thursday w/ them
Tracking bass bass bass
I know a lot of college admissions folks that would disagree with me. But I care more that you can fetch me a cup of coffee.
You can either wallow in disappointment or look forward to the next opportunity . . . . .
Thanks to & for making me leave the house. needs to spin one night Lucky's. Shhhh.
100 school kids will be here today to learn about the library and our green initiatives. Should be fun.
I knew my mom was going to wake me up early.
Is it really necessary to repeatedly blast the car horn outside the apt. building at 9 in the morning? Really?
BREAKING -- Marijuana legalization init supporters have what they say is more thn enough xtra signatures to get question on Nov ballot
yours looks good. Your third grade teacher would be proud! It was third grade, right?
I'm feeling rather pessimistic tonight. The glass is half empty.
yes! What's the link?
I want to jump his bones now. ;P
Hey, Braxton's not bad-looking, either!
Developing, developing, developing. Third World countries, Me and a Show Idea!
I find that hard to believe.
Things I've noticed this weekend: Freese on Xavier is a hunchback. TBS, CBS, TNT, & True TV have played the same 5 commercials since the
RT : RT : Me too! Who DOESN'T love a drink served in a Mason Jar!
But toe cheese will add protein to balance the sugars - it's a trade off
Happy to announce we've got a new brother-in-law!! Welcome to the family, Jason!
Catch the at O-Fest. Tomorrow from 1-4 PM in Central Mall. Make sure to pay our table a visit!
She Would Ask Me That Question…
Aww she's so cute (:
please solicit the Christian Jihadist in Question to write some sort of ordinal list of bands he likes.
RT "No, you can not borrow my t-shirt...How about instead of standing there looking shocked, you do your fucking laundry?"
Now is the time to buy a house! If you know anybody who is buying or selling, have them call me. I'm here to help!
Nd this S/o goes to my mother L.Marshall love you ma (^__^)
Are you still interested in a home, or just have a few questions you need answered? I would love to help you.
#20ThingsAboutMe I taught myself how to play guitar. c:
Tell us who your favorite performance was last night at the Grammy's!
Sounds good, let me know! :)
If the Galaxy were playing an AVERAGE team -- not a good team, an AVERAGE team -- they would be down 4-0 right now. Unbelievable.
Good Code: when syntax matches semantics
thanks bro
Rock 'n' Roll!
Q: What is Doc Ock's favorite month? A: Ock-tober.
we all hope it does too. Patriots wouldn't be the same with out you
Violet hour and silom12 = great night. Loved the SPICY basil.
Listening to Balinese Monkey Chant that linked forever ago. I love this type of call-and-response vocal improv.
is pouring Marty Stouffer's Wild America.
It makes it harder for the aliens to snatch you from your car
Need help sleeping?Creator of MUMOOCIE Ultimate Sleep Pillow on MOMADVOCATERADIO10amPST/1pmESTwww.therealmomtv.com/mom-advocate-radio-show/
I was thinking of more in the lines of "pretty rady, wrakin down the street"
Am I not cool enough for you? Do you not like my face? Or my hair?
:D Thanks,Taylor!
oh I don't? Well fill me in on what I'm missin
Monday, Monday, you can't trust that day.
Thanks again for stopping by!
BX all day RT : I'm from The Bronx, New York City.. Where are YOU from?^
Be an opener of doors for such as come after thee, and do not try to make the universe a blind alley. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
we will be there in a bit :)
I must watch this season finale or I will die. Biggest cliff-hanger -_-
"We just wanted to thank you so much for the hard work you put in on this transaction." Alethea B. Sandy Presley Team
Stuck? Volunteer as an intern in an agent's office. You'll get hired.
#41297 Your icon is amazing!!! Congrats on meeting Austin!
Writing a new story (:
Have a great weekend everyone : )
#ICONiacz answer this question WHO IS UR FAV ICONIC BOY AND WHY
I feel like once i start having sex again I'ma lose hella weight.
want to follow mehh? peace, love, rubber gloves.
Congrats Award of Excellence Finalists: , ,, , , &
you were hacked?
They should have cell phone chargers in waiting rooms instead of magazines.
Laziest workout in a while
I truly believe that #OTHS9 is the best farewell season I've ever seen of any show! The characters' development over the years is amazing!
looking good in the gear baby!!
"soon" could be in 5 minutes, or in 5 days. The tension is killing me guys. Haha
No one knows for sure how the hotdog got its name. One thing we know for sure is that our gourmet hotdogs and sausages are tremendous!
I agree 1000%
Played some today! Got a few solid dunks down... One on a dude! It was nice ;)
oh snappy-o!!!! Where are ya?
The clouds parted and the angels sang...my 11 yr old son just chose to turn off the TV so he could read his book
cat spotting. i have named him gnocchi.
Prom this Friday, about to be hella smackin'!!!
The worst part of life is realizing when you had something that was worth everything you thought it wasn't
Its another repeat of last nite... Smh
You look like Molly Shannon
Thanks. I've been itching to run for about 8 weeks now. Gonna feel good to get back in the groove.
Will be glued to the set. am counting down the minutes...
Great game! Be proud of your boys and their season.
Edgard Varese~ Everyone is born with genius but most people only keep it a few minutes.
I never judge a book by its cover. I use the paragraph on the back, it tells you what the story is about.
your tweet just made me cry even more, but thank you for your kind words. <3
we wish you could be with us!
“: next time Lakers. leggo!” Says the guy in the "bulls" snapback.
As you grow older, you'll find the only things you regret are the things you didn't do. - Zachary Scott
It's been almost 48 hours that I'm 18 years old and I haven't once been naked. BRB.
I gotta start working again. I'll see yalls ugly asses later.
That was probably the most ridiculous thing I'll read all week.
Disney drink night
Watching mizzou football practice D is kicking ass
What's more tweetworthy: #swearingday or #fatbetty from last night's #madmen? Hell if I know...
it is the WORST!!!!
Sad to see C-SPAN's Brian Lamb heading out. One of my favorite interviews was talking TVs in the Supreme Court w/ him back during Sotomayor
Am truly excited @ Monday's #BRITEconf at Columbia. Our audience will be biggest yet (5 years) & the program is amazing. See you there!
lets do it up sexy at the good spot 105 riv tonight!
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
The new network primetime line-ups: CBS the best; ABC promising; NBC aggressive but misguided; Fox too quiet; The CW limits itself
even wen its cold???
cool now can yu call me on skype !!
They are going pretty good actually! Thanks for asking!
MR. PRESIDENT, I AM A BLACK FEMALE REPUBLICAN WHO SPEAKS 3 LANGUAGES, PUBLISHED AND AN ATTY. HOW CAN I SERVE?
haha he probabily thinks im crazy :)
The Wave crew just boarded the shuttle for the National Championship game.
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Wednesday 03/28/12 is Dan and Ian!
not quite, Zusi scored the first, but close
"No money man can get my love- it's sweetness that I'm thinkin' of"
I'd throw shade too at the queen of pop If I looked like an overstuffed Twinkie on stage!
Sorry rib, bard was first.
Not sure, but I know DC has a pretty high tax on tickets. It was meant as a way for commuters to pay for things like Nats Park
all over Tampa I meant lol
Rice Lake for Easter weekend, my as well get weird at Jaybirds!! Haha
that's the song from Rudy! Go Irish!!!
All links are created equal so long as we have net neutrality.
DC United wins 2-1 against FC Dallas. Caps and Nats also won. When is the last time 3 DC teams won in one day?
Shout out to my peeps working their way thru finals.
Usable Collaborative mapping/ identifier registry needed to prevent duplicate digitization
Time to hit the sack nite twitter ppl !!!!!
just adding a bunch of ravenwood people
'' why don't you love me jenny? I may not be a smart man, but I know what love is.'' in my forrest voice
are you mad because you can't be like mindless behavior. Lol jk
Braden Holtby's dad has the haircut of an 8-year-old
This is not corruption in the legal sense, but a corruption of what the Constitution intended.
Hooray it's #frenchtoaststickday it's also rock the mid calve day
nah, I ll be there tues
It's about having fun, don't lose sight of that. We're too old to be worried about being prepared.
Thanks for the kind words, Dan. They mean a lot! Enjoyed getting to know you as well.
Guess I won't be sleeping then. Might as well get work done.
#imagine Niall: can you feel the love tonight ? you: maybe. Niall: maybe ? *rolls ontop of you* let's make you feel it *licks your lip*
Apparently, the death penalty is intended to prevent people from giving their kids the same names as criminals...
Like what happened to that relationship we had
except Eng wouldn't have been as aggressive if it were 2-2, and its defense wouldn't have been as open.
Depressed? How are you standing? "Worst thing is [to] straighten up & hold your head high because you'll start to feel better.”Charlie Brown
hoping for chandler jones...don't think he'll make it to us tho. So I guess upshaw or mcclellan.
Re-run – ITSC Information Security Standards – An introduction to ...
well awstens always been really great since I've known him
Just saw tweet and cried. Man no one understands how much I miss her. The prayers help so much though.
sounds like Travis minton is trying to see your stuffs lol
We have a connection. <3
Is anyone else sad that they took off the Quotes section on the homepage of ? That used to be a daily ritual... :(
Any downed trees on your block? MT Sad to lose all those big old trees on Eutaw Place but happy no one has been injured.
I thought we were in high school...?
Coffee addict
As a child, fell from a tree while imitating Spider-Man and fractured both of his wrists.
It is hard to live half my life nocturnal and the other half diurnal...
do you still have the 4th ticket?
FACE DOWN
Where you from?
Yes one of my family members we call Cracker. He even has a shirt with a big Zesta on it. Kids call him Uncle Cracker.
lol I always have because I'm half British half Mexican! So I go for the British boys and Ray lmfao
thats what makes it fun :)
where is the sound?!
Get TAN! *SPECIALS TODAY* Buy 3 Instant Tans for $49.99! Buy a 5-pack of 60 tans and get 3 more tans FREE! Bottles of Lotion on SALE!!!
#SXSW #cnnsxsw so wish i was going too. #darnbrokenleg!!
When I look at all these tents, I think, YES, USC spans the map of the intellect from books to WHAT'S NEXT!
Lakers have a chance to win this tho
the line I got on you ain't workin
So pissed off at verizon right now...
23 point deficit and how amazing this must feel. Great game guys! And what a way for B. Roy to show he is still our All Star
Trying to get use to this gmail lots 2 learn...
#FF some art deco and historic gems in #LA:
(DON'T TELL THE BOSSES YOU'RE RECYCLING!!!)
A relationship is bound to fall apart when you start lying.
My wife just told me that 61 down in today's NYT crossword is "Home of the Horned Frogs." GO FROGS!!!
no its Ohio, but it still is 10:45 over here
Literary crush: "Japanese by Spring", by Ishmael Reed
I like it!
Seeing my neighbor is like seeing a famous person :)
We saw them at the Metro in Chicago in February. 100% pure AWESOME!
Mrs. William H Norris of Baltimore was arrested on Mar 5 1862 by the Federal army for supplying clothes to the rebels.
New Profit Gathering of Leaders Rushkoff preaches return to direct exchange economy, not owing soul to company store or bank that owns the $
And If i Die Today....i Want A Platinum Casket. Funeral Info: Ladies Free Before 12.
They are watching a stupid ass movie
I just want you back in my lifee
Do you want a personalized Ryan Braun Jersey? You've got to win it first! Be registered before 5pm today!!
Thank you so much for yr continued love + support! It means the world to us! Y'all are just too cool! Love 2 U 2!!!
Let a nigga set the mood!
I'm starting to become as indecisive as ... Nah, not that bad. But close
No...it [obviously] allowed Spoles to spin around and avoid the big hit. Duh!
Did the P.T.L. Club stand for "Praise Tom Landry?" (If so, I should have joined)
#confessionnight - I love ; THERE I SAID IT ! haha ;3
#DylanHolland Because i said so
stop both of u are weirdooss.
I'm paranoid cause I'm in the Porsche.
nterviewing and today! Shoot us any questions you guys have!
....your demand to be the princess. <<<<
That's more interesting than hearing about your Nine West suit, FWIW.
Since marriage is a religious sacrement...an the usa is suppose to have separation of chuch & state, why is gov. involved in marriges?
There was such a great spirit at the event!! So glad people enjoyed :)
thought it was a new Bluetooth lmao :D
Adairs in dallas tx march 11
TPS just worked with a food retailer solutions co. to submit a report on a national food safety database to the Food and Drug Law Institute.
OMG IM SO BORED
Lol Metta is so bad at offense.
please release your Boyfriend music video please ! <333 and follow me :) if you have time
I Would Do You So Right ; 1 Chance Iš All I Need ;)
The new jersey turnpike is pure hell today. Pure hell.
I stopped by Mapco. No goo goos.
You wont have the same friends forever now will ya ?
w/my sister & amarilis (: getting al dolledd up lol
That sounds heavenly! Can you point me to a recipe?
Hey lets all be good ppl and follow
Not a fan of naming kids after white presidents, shitty MPS schools or city's in Wisconsin.
Absolutely.....thats a good find that good weather about to hit lol
Oh ok.
Just setup TweetDeck again after almost 2 yrs. Many improvements.
I love you more.
I feel ya, I have two ten page research papers due at the end of the week -___-
#oessinsight Teresa Anderson on collaboration and "black ops" IT, invisible work, role of librarians
i hate how i feel cold in my house and its so hot outside. :(
Prevention is better than cure. ~ Desiderius Erasmus
All the lotion in my bathroom is melting.
Language is a virus from outer space. William S. Burroughs
sure!!!! Im going 4 2000 now!!! How many do u want?
how long has it been, and did you give your social?
Thanks for hosting such a great event! Looking forward to all that is to come!
Can't find what I'm looking for.
The more you look like a homeless person, the more likely you are to get your Starbucks refill for free.
You're going to have to teach the Mobtown to use Twitter. I get on this thing and know instantly that god is trying to eat me.
#itAnnoysMeWhen the Patriots win a playoff game for first time in 4 years and everybody is going to be talking #Superbowl! #1anddonepats :(
For Volstad at that... #WTF Ozzie building for another championship???
What is the most unique Christmas gift, event, tree or meal that you've experienced?
i go to the one RIGHT in front of john jay. called Texas Driving School. it's pretty cheap. it's EASY.
although looking at 's tweets led me to #elemchat so it put me where I wanted to be :-)
The kid who just held open the door for me and then skipped down the stairs made my day.
we like you a lot
FYI: is in Beechwold, not Clintonville.
Going to hoop at
Hope to see the man tonight in Madisonville been running around town 2 need to catch him gotta get this ball signed
are we talking about something real here? Because I'm confused....
Thanks for the RT! :)
No. Biden is not to blame. I see it as a coordinated political strategy where Biden would get out in front.
#OKC #Thunder can match up, especially when is put in a pressure situation
GREAT #12boc crowd!!! Much better than last week! Lol! Thanks for hanging out!
RT : ": mixing Will Kennedy's' drums on my tune Lightning & Fireworks for "Simply One" cd, crazy intense playing!...
On the plane on the way to LAX for #MegaIIN. So excited!
can you help me out with an RT for a great singer/songwriter, #levilowrey??
Well, I guess that's good then. Django looks like a pretty awesome tool. I love Python, but I haven't used Django yet.
This is a great resource! The Center for the Study of the Workplace within the School of Continuing Education is a resource at the Univers…
I totally just made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter.
leme know if u like!!
FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO ATTEND MEGA CHURCHES IN LAS VEGAS: HERE IS HOW THESE CHURCHES ARE USING YOUR CONTRIBUTIONS. KEEN-TV RAN ONE CHURCH'S …
hi brother!!!
I don't understand how these systems don't start at the airport 1st!!!!
Clear Channel announces new Brand Management Team, 24 people who will serve as Brand Managers and Brand Coordinators for each format.
ha, ok then! : I absolutely hate farts
This lady took my seat ahh .
I hope he's OL. That does not look good.
I love working with , what a kind and inspiring man. I'm so sad this project has come to a close but it was a great success.
I'm thinking of getting a couple potbelly pigs as mascots & name one Adam & one Gerard. What do you think?
Things have changed I will most likely be in Pittsburgh this summer.
Somebody hurry up and post the damn half-time performance already.
I am interested in renting your property in sanibel. Can you send me more info?
This explains a lot.
Yes on the Mike's w/tramps.
i've watched EVERY season. got no problem with villiains. love boston rob, love russel hanz. deceiving is necessary-TAUNTING is not
I am so proud of myself. I'm about halfway through Anna Karenina. Loving it so far but some of the farming debates are boring -Connie
RT : Early Bird $50 discount ends TODAY Friday 2/3 for my Expert Visibility event! Learn more here: www.expertvisibility.com
Rawlicious restaurant in Toronto , one of the best restaurants. Worth the trip to Stop in when you are there.
I hate nothing more than bad ranch dressing.
Lol i think the heat have lost this one... :)
Use CONDOMS today or buy DIAPERS tomorrow...
Watching Ghost Hunters , looking at Grant's final show. I don't see how they will go on without Grant.
I'd like to thanks all my followers for following me!!
first song i purchased to put in my ipod! love, love, love, love that song for years and years!!!
Writers house health tip: Plants such as ferns, dracaenas and philodendrons naturally filter many allergens from the air. Fresh air, ahh!
Big shoutout t all my new followers thank u fr following tweet or dm me sometime
Pickin up which wich for me and Terra. Makes me think of ATX and all the ones I ate there lol
I have a constipated sneeze.
I don't no live watching movies aarooonnn! RT Haha! RT : Still haven't seen the avengers
Listen to The Sunday Night Shakedown TONIGHT on 98.9 The Buzz, from 8-11pm! Get yer Rochester Rock 'n Roll! rochesterbuzz.com
I still cannot get over how LEGENDARY was. I will be attempting to re-live that night for a long time.
I have the same problem every week RT : "Just watched the new episode of Shameless and i think i peed a lil #InNeedOfNewUndies"
or it just confuses matters even more ;-)
trying to find a tool that shows me the trending hashtags in a specific category. Twitter's #discover feature is inadequate.
I'm gonna lick your butt. maybe. follow
and further more, it was impertinent and no gentleman!
but if nothing comes of that, absolutely. If fact, why not start one?
Looking to save $$$ on your next trip? Give us a chance to beat any price on travel. Get 110% hotel price guarantee. www.FreeXpedia.com
Tru. we've seen a lot about the "mission" but not the "man." stories r character driven. and if we could c n2 the soul of ...
Really? #ClassicCanseco RT : When I died I saw Elvis and micheal they said hello
Learning how to change my life - and I'm quite excited about it! am pub - 7/24/10 - be there if u bout it!
we hittin huntington beach.
Worked on my short film, Rain Dance, this week. Love Sound Track Pro and what it can do to enhance quality. The fine edit is done. Yeah.
4/11/12 at 10pm on Discovery ID, FBI Criminal Pursuit, I play investigating cop.
Adele is sick and had to cancel her Minneapolis show which worries me because I have tickets to see her Sunday in Utah... PLEASE GET BETTER!
Great giveaway! Congrats on your blog's year anniversary!
“: They say 1 in 44 presidents can dunk... we all know who that is...... George Bush. No one can dunk the economy like he did”
Knicks' Playoff Hopes Shatter Amar'e Stoudemire cut his hand punching a fire extinguisher's glass in frustration after game.
Pretty slow last 2 days in 8 game so last night I helped build 4 tables of 3/6 o8 NL and lost ten buys. Stupid game way these guys play it
HELLO, I do too makes my day/night every time she tweets, gotta love her
A coffin full of doughnuts?!? I live on the wrong side of the country. :(
What am I doing with my night? Why, reading about anamorphic lenses and Olmec colossal heads, of course. Oh, and cooking a chicken pot pie.
Can I get in Columbia or Cornell with a 3.89 GPA?
your Korean name is unique :D
we could deff get it shakn ma scrap. I prob leave on wed but idk yet
Thanks for the awesome presentation !
Double bacon cheese burger at five guys...ugh:'(
look at u drinkin like a grown woman
Planning on seeing the Jonathan Chamberlain exhibit today if anyone would care to join
- Thanks for the mention! Looking forward to getting your book soon! Have a wonderful weekend!!!
I know I may be biased but writer chats w/ are some of the best interviews i've ever seen.
Headed off to New Mexico for my job.... yeah! By the way, that was sarcasm....
is it school?
me too! he has paper stuck to his taint! Ewwwww.
What did soulja boy say?.
Luxury Tax
I did VO at some point after that, buy haven't heard anything since. I have to dig through my old emails for contact info.
Maceo is sitting in with our drummers other group The Heard for James Brown's bday tonight at AliveOne bar. 3buck 3floyds!!
you're so wise Cossin
A 1987 quote from artist Barbara Kruger regarding the costs & value of artworks: "But whether it is painting, sculpture, video, ...
hey boy hey...ur pretty cool and have fun toys
RT : #Free Cupcakes today at 12-2pm! Say the movie title, "People Like Us", & you get a free cupcake!
train time!
So much for Max Scherzer making a comeback. The dude is getting rocked.
If people aren't loyal, people aren't for you.
nation wide ground stop of all united flights due to computer glitches. hope i dont miss my cousins wedding bc i chose united over Southwest
my dominican neighbors next door are high as fuck right now #LMAO #YayaSisterHood lol
Bo!!!! I just lost a bet.
Tonight--10pm , we bring the 70's Italian Funk at the MONDO ITALIA DANCE PARTY for FREE!
18 holes of match or medal play will teach you more about your foe than will 18 years of dealing with him across a desk. ~Grantland Rice
Yep. :) & we went to the fair last Friday, & he won me a stuffed duck. :)
I hope you got a receipt for that change you got on my head goonie
that's amazing! I'll miss seeing you all this year.
No way anyone could actually want the Spurs over the Clippers, right? If you want that, you must hate baby puppies & Santa Claus.
Hey, are you around? I need any info you've got about Amigo. Thanks!
It's a new york city apartment. It's 2 rooms for 2 ppl & u have a panic attack when u can't find a place 4 something. It's not productive.
Headed out this week to NYC and then Port Au Prince Haiti...I'm nervous about at least one of the two...
So honored to have been a guest on 's show tonight talking about dance, fitness and social media!!
I mean, I'm clearly tired.
will you marry us please????
something told me not to come
I try
Applied for a library job through CUNY.. is this a push for me to get another Masters... hm..
TT how are you? What's happening in the Nati?
Over 4,000 Oregonians are employed in Chiropractic offices around the state.
I love to golf, but the prospect of golfing when it's 90° kills my golf boner
The Lord desires to heal the inner most parts of your heart. Confess your pain and allow Him to begin the healing process in you. Seek Him.
Guess Mayweather is $32 million dollars richer than I am.
Writing and publishing RPGs would be great if not for the majority of boisterous cunts commonly known as "the fans".
brady show them what's up!
Every love is a gift even the ones we lose.
What does that say about holiness? RT : it is much easier to appear holy than to be sane. -chögyam trungpa
Waiting for friends at a bar while noticing another person waiting for friends at a bar.
Listening to 's "We Are Rising," Ryan Lott's voice is an intriguing yet somehow familiar mix of Kevin Barnes and Brandon Flowers.
your such a sports fan and I need a new collectors club baseball idea to paint for this year- any thoughts?
#ryankennedy come on guys let's trend it :)
Try our groupon now deal tonight ! Only $10 for a large 1 topping pizza!4 available, they go quick!
yea get bit by a snake nd die okay lol
Text LOUIE to 32075 Louie Vito will use text messages to keep fans updated as he joins cast of Dancing with the Stars.
Havin a pretty damn good day. I want tonight to be the same way hopefully
Anything with white filled shit in the middle I don't like.
Goodnight twitter ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
. Our election party is at War Room in Capitol Hill. Starts at 7, open to the public, and all ages. #seamayor ^jh
I <3 hats! When I rock them or when other people rock them. Thanks lady on the train rocking the awesome black hat. Its fabulous!
Thanks for the RTs!!
what's up?
Fixin' to hang out with all the artists that are here for and then casino night and a little
A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends.
Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail.
Anybody have experience w the ninja kitchen system?
I don't know, if it is there's room for some improvement. But going to try some other ideas too. Maybe something lemony.
I just made bacon & eggs for breakfast. <3
RT : New on Beauty411! Best of Beauty: Emma Stone at the S.A.G. Awards: Of everyone walking the Red Carpet on Sunda......
Chillin' with the little ladies.....
gav me reason2luv again.Their the fans band&not many bands r lik tht.Their all bout the fans happiness not bout money/fame.SGTC!
Happy Friday to you contessa! Xo
The Raiders need to learn how to finish opponents and not let them back in to the game. This team is far from being a serious contender.
hello ! New to twitter.....long time no! How's Emily doing?
Or aimed here RT : Here comes the pitch for NEA support in the fall.
Just got our first catering job of the year for Brown Mackie College! Can't wait.
Lori Losey: Directs, produces, films for DrydenTV. Coolest Job ever! Camera operators: New challenge: hold your shot at 3G's
NYC you always know how to recapture my heart!
lol once upon a time? its addicting
I'm fully ready for the 2012 Oakland A's to shock the world, Mr. Suzuki. You the man.
Girl, you're straight up KILLIN' it out there
graphics guy is asleep at the wheel
Was there fine print at the bottom of the screen: *Biggest summer blockbuster film except for The Avengers, etc...
On my way to work to sell amazing vacations!
I wear my heart on my fucking sleeve<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Thank the lord for google.
Thanks for the retweet! It will be a great event, and we are glad to have our CEO attending.
It's so good. Every time I saw Bruce Banner I freaked out.
Sincere thanks to the NYPL Children's librarians for displaying my book, "How to Talk to an Autistic Kid," during my visit to NY recently.
Homemade chicken tikka masala for lunch. So good.
can you paint basements? My new fling does not have the same appreciation for the term "Rape Dungeon" that I do.
At son's 4 yo #YMCA soccer practice in South Miami; dark clouds, visible lightening, "danger horn" sounds—yet no one leaves?
Did you hear who is playing the finish line at the flower city challenge? We are, of course. Sunday morning nice and early
Perry's campaign has received significant funds by out of state casinos, poker legislation has been vetoed at least twice by Perry
Watching Real Steel right now. Fucking great movie. Aha. Shows how no matter where you start off you can become more than you can ever think
He's just training his audience.
what time is it in london?
Hey hey hey hey hey hey ehhhhh! Hey!
RT : IAITAM celebrates 8th anniversary. Thanks to all our members - practitioners and providers - for your involvement and support.
Just saw the Sierra Clubs ad against the uber safe
Cool have ever tried counting stars and wonder who stay there
Hi Josh, we don't mean to scare - just want to make sure to keep safety tips top of mind for a safe holiday season.
Can't sleep, gotta big day tomarow. Damn straight
ahh didn't see it on FB but then peeps are just now returning to rooms
You Call It Stealing, I Call It Borrow.
Union Parents finding it hard to juggle protesting with dropping/picking kids up at private school. if only they were off this week too
I grew up around my dad who was always doing IPOs and managing his own investments. I need to learn more!
I forgot about mighty kids meals!
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..
I tell you all the time...I am here when you need me. You have my number. Pick up the phone.
The defending Stanley Cup champion Chicago Blackhawks are still actively looking for a partner
The Wolfpack is back!! Wolf and GK9! 2012 is our year!!
you should!!
everyones different. thats why you can assume.
so much!! I'm glad I made the decision to switch to a jeep!
Apparently The Mavs are when old Carolina superstars go to die
Legal Tip for the Day: Bankruptcy does not discharge all debt. You are still responsible for child support, alimony, taxes, student loans..
Yes sir! Last year it flooded into our apartment! Fuuuu!
The coaching staff calling Convey's name on multiple occasions with directions. New guy still working on blending into system.
Roland's favorite open ended question "How did you hear about our builder/comm"
Was there one hand of poker you have played that is especially memorable for you? What made that hand so special?
it hurt so bad but I didn't cry
John Muir Health has named Irving Pike, MD, as its first Chief Medical Officer.
Should be a beautiful weekend. How will you take advantage of it?
Don't forget to join us with your pooch for Holiday Hound up this Saturday at 2! Treats, pics and more-:) Rrrrruuufff!
First, my station in life, at that time, did not afford me the ability to impose my will or views on anyone.
lol, they might have been!
And god said..."thinkest for yourselfeth"
If you want to send me a DM, I can offer you a discounted price. Let me know
aww James! You will get one! We promise!
@ her « Oomf be playing games.»
thanks ! I have done trainings and speeches on #custserv and there's always more great info out there! Thx
and by Tuesday I meant Thursday.
We're back with a new team behind the wheels of Twitter. Merry Christmass to everyone
Few things are more satisfying than seeing your children have teenagers of their own. - Doug Larson
woke up at 6:30 this morning
I've decided to blame all my problems on the Browns. A fuse blew in my house and it took 2 hours and 4 places to find it.
what's the name of the wings spot you were telling me about?
oh no...they are talking about gay marriage again...no!!!
that's what I heard! Are you at the game?
oh then i'll come over and watch you unpack !
lol, I didn't think you were coming to the #Midyear ball. I'll email u re getting together
three designs :)
I need an assistant, anyone work for cupcakes, alcohol and Diddy Dirty Money promos?
The first part of our George Romero zombie marathon drops at midnight tonight. Which Romero zombie flick is your favorite?
What do you want to be when you grow up?
I got so much done today. feeling good
I'd send it up your way if I could! :)
Fixing the PS3 all by myself...ladies?
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. - Mohandas (Mahatma) Gandhi
you know what is not funny at all...when #wordpress deletes all of the posts stored in the back end.
Yea its a good thing to record it never know when u might fall asleep. TVD is always good cant never not love it :)
The only thing tht gets me by at work is seeing our regulars and them putting a smile on my face :)
Middle finger in the air, ask me how I feel.
Ladies you got to know this...They say that a good husband is one who can make more money than what his wife can spend.
Funny you should say that. I'm meeting a few rep-exes, Armijo and Ketchum, at Paradise Bakery there tomorrow.
Also related: Only 16 days until I get five days to do nothing. I can't wait to over eat, over drink and oversleep.
#WordsINeedToHear Christmas Break is here!
We hope we're part of your Sunday and that it's Fantastic!
See ya Tuesday, don’t let the door hit you in your crust on the way out.
Did anyone get to ride outside this weekend, or was it all trainer all the time? #cycling #isitsummeryet?
We are going to have to shape up on that for sure!
If you ever reach total enlightenment while you're drinking a beer, I bet it makes beer shoot out your nose.
That's a really, really ridiculously good looking line-up.
RT One juror asked if she could be excused to teach her classes at UVA. Hogshire: "Want me to talk to president Sullivan?"
Thanks ! We're super excited at being included in the #gamechangers issue!
just tuning in now to start of last #nets game in NJ, no spoilers! loved the pregame speech by Johnson, and so nice to see a decent crowd
What a great Sharepoint SIG last night. Thank you Jason
Parenting Magazine 23rd Annual Summer Camp Fair! Save the Date for Saturday, Feb 25 11am-3pm at the Fashion Mall!
Santa Fe nursing asst. says he was fired for being gay
You done yet? quit worrying about what I do with MY life
Araceli Martinez is not currently affiliated with the Middle Class Taxpayers Association, nor have we endorsed any candidates. MCTA...
is on Twitter. They say they're going to tweet seasonal produce deliveries. Seems like a good idea.
4 more minute birthday twin... Except I'm in bed watch General Hospital ;) RT : Bombay on chill
It's a chilly night but warm OUT here for you. Hot drinks & the last night of 30% OFF all photo & art books. Come in, shop, support, & SAVE!
should i
Break time!!#
Can you imagine what can happen if more people know about these 27 million slaves? Freedom is on it's way and YOU can be a part.
Thank u all who follows me need 200
maybe the Easter bunny will bring you chocolate covered tacos.
I was wondering about that.
Friend just sent me 1662 account of the "problem" of woman having an orgasm ("shivering" and "swooning") every time she had sex w/ husband.
So all weekend, all he could talk about... over and over and over... was how he asked a girl for her phone number, but she said it's broken
<U+25CA> Poor thing. Did you let it go? I was thinking I was going to see a cute funny mascot. "The Lemon Sharks"
Anytime! Thanks for the great presentations!
On hell's belles? I put you all on as pinners.
yo come watch the heat game at the Mondrian tonight
Thanks for sharing. If you still need that Hello Bar invite, send me a DM with your email and I can get you one.
Into it.
Dont suck fingers i repeat dont suck fingers smh what if that hoe was digging up her ass.
What prescription are hipster glasses?
yea something like dat
Radio interview for 'One Long Day' went well tonight.
Does it count when you say f&$# with a French accent?? Love the French!!
My first kiss <3
Yup on sale now!!
Good moment: old man on bike said "good morning" to me in a stately fashion while passing my car.
no problem feel free to join in on the mindless banter
We're so busy, I'm about ready to cry...but I'll probably have a bit of Bailey's Irish Cream tonight instead.
Work hard Play hard
It seems my dog show handicapping skills extend to horse racing... who knew #goodnewsbadnews ...
All effin day I help stupid ppl, but I can't help the one person that matters.
Cleaning out my closet ~(@^_^@)~
me too bieber <3
We currently have Bomb Shelf Sheldon Black OG. Today you can buy 2 joints for the price of one! Stop by now!
Michigan St. is showing they deserved a 10 seed, down 75-66 to UCL
cuz im 4 real.are u 4 real?i cant help myself it's the way i feel. -Avril 4Real
Spotted in the Mac App Store before my last tweet, but had to RT them because I can't look away from this app. So magnificent.
When I'm trying to know you as a woman and all you can talk about it Jersey Shore.
Play will resume at 7:45 tomorrow morning.
Took a sim card out of a phone, dropped it into a USB 3g device & bought credits from a kid on the street in Moz. US mobile industry blows.
what's the problem?
“: If you know sports and want to make easy money then why have you not signed up for Sign up here! bit.ly/uCN0hv
My little brother is throwing a tantrum. I want to go provoke him.
that's what I'm thinking. Zimmerman's story does not make sense.
Were you on The Simpsons and I missed it? Oh dear ...
Saw Terry Richardson on Prince Street and...Lafayette, I think. I've been waiting for my Terry sighting. He's taller than I thought. Love.
Hope everyone had a great hanukkah, Christmas, and festivus! Stop in today to say hi!
haha, yeah sorry about that. Lots of great stories out this weekend, and were excited too. Thanks for looking.
right. Arse wipes.
Going to M Resort! Chris Issak at the pool equals beautiful vegas Saturday night! More to come....
Is it a right? Cultural, environmental, and social to consider. US states/CAN provinces this answer will differ.
so bored nothin to do heree
amazing weekend! Filmed a webisode on Saturday and a Chevy Superbowl Commercial today! I love what I do!
jimmy fucking neutron is on tv. hell yes.
listening to eheheh
People can be so frustrating!!
I better go refill this propane tank for my turkey fry. I'm concerned stores will be closed on #Easter if I run out!
Lol yea. I'm bi and proud of it! And I know how ya feel! Well anyway night! Gotta go to sleep :) <3
Cream Cheese Frosting! Cream Cheese Frosting with Oreos?! Red Velvet Dough, Pumpkin Dough, and Vegan Banana and Pumpkin dough?! Get some...
Ha, well, I just had to look up p<U+03CC><U+03C1><U+03BD><U+03BF><U+03C2>, and then had to look up catamite. Kinda changes things...
Oh I giggled. “: I’ve been in Wisconsin for ten pounds. That means one week for those of you who have never visited Wisconsin.”
#6 class in the country. All great today! No one doubts hokeamania..
touché, Carp should go round 2 anyway
I'm working on '10 ways your startup is like a vasectomy'.
Just saw an example of great #leadership: she asked lots of good questions, really listened to the group & learned from the conversation.
26 letters in the alphabet, WTF i need U for??
<U+2640>Happiness is a choice and the choice is always Yours<U+2640>
Ditto, except I usually make sure a few small children are in earshot... urgh
Yay for DC public pools. Heading into the Francis pool in Foggy Bottom on this gorgeous Sunday!
That is a great idea!
Listening to it now for the millionth time today :D
#IfIHadItMyWay Arianators would all be able to me each other at an concert. <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
thanks for the mention and I'm glad you like the video!
After 1 quarter, the #chiefs aren't losing.
Do you think Obama and his admin. are doing a good job? Tell me your thoughts....
Mark your calendars! Kissing Daylight will be playing this years Kenny Ozzfest 4 at Radiodown in Covington KY on Saturday, December 3rd
Congrats on your SRRT victory, by the way.
Also, feel free to add calorie-free or low-calorie herbs and spices
no i didnt and dont say whatever to me x
nothing better than those long, close conversations.
Eating cupcakes(; like a fatty!
you all are so cute, but I am a little worried about Auggie. LOL
Just emailed, thanks!
That IS a great question! (Thanks for sharing!)
talking about you guys and in #JenClass :)
Is it time to catch up and discuss Venntive further?
I will be there.
so pretty..goodnite <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
RT : anyone down for a college football fantasy league?
omg!!!! A lil blurry btw. Jeff how do u know errryone
2 bad I unfollow those who unfollow me because most who do I enjoy. Oh well, #thatshowthetwitterballbounces. 8)
#YouKnowLifeisGreatWhen..when people tell you "#YouKnowLifeisGreat"... Tell me why you think
CHECK IT OUT FEEL FREE TO LEAVE A COMMENT
WiMAX Forum Congress Americas coming to a close in 2 hours. Great event. Hope to see you in 2010 -
Still scoreless after three innings between North Texas and Florida Atlantic.
We're losing to the A's. THE FREAKING A's!
Great trainers tell you to punch more....I guess great publicists tell you to Tweet more.
i cringe at that movie
hey I didn't say anything lol
Well this is cool...
Summer. 2012. it's going down.
I'm not so sure that either is easy to answer, or at least to agree on.
EarthFair Manager's meeting unfolding NOW
She probably wont respond but damn i had to say something i dont think know how big it really is!
Some people are meant to fall in love with each other, but not meant to be together.
but they're friends forever!
New Psychic fair February 5th and 6th
pretty sure u cracked me up last night
you know I like it when you call me that
It opened today,is 24/7,next to "Sprinkles",next to the ice cream store to open soon. Woman said it's good for her late night munchies. : )
RT New guest article from : "Privileging Form Over Content: Analysing Historical Videogames"
At least you met them all. :)
our show have a 2:1 ratio of originals to covers which is different than the last few shows. you'll like the tunes
Huh..Cooking? Chocolate eggs and wine will be my contribution to this easter dinner!
Jersey Boys still an awesome show!!
Study/work hard in class, then we will be happy to see you!
how about a big fuck you, and goodbye(:
Nice win for the #Brewers. Gonzo play&#39;s D
I have 2. Hahaa. This one && . I use the other one more, though.
good plan.
Goodmorning Everybody on our #sioure #Twitter page
I wanna be your dominated love slave
EPIC FAIL LOL YHAT HAPPENS TO ME BUT ONLY I LOSE MY IPOD
I celebrate a power outage at work that allowed me to take a walk w/a friend this morning. Great way to start the day!
omg...sick of sharks already! We want Sara! We want Sara!
I am the Lord your God, Who has brought you out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage - Exodus 20:2
and yes I'm calling #Indiana your home !
I'm the proud new owner of a double-purfled, fleur-de-lis-inlaid, Naples-made 250-year-old Nicolo Gagliano violin!
In our nations capital for an industry communication show & there is no cell service in the hall
LOL I feel THAT same way! (and if not friends-that I am blessed to play their music for the people)
don't hate me cause you aint me
wanna borrow my "No I won't fix your computer!" t-shirt? ;-)
After the game tonight I will have watched approximately 27 hours of football since Thursday. Can't wait to do it again next week.
Wow :) 7 new posts for you! Enjoy! Off to have a late lunch...
Boys with nose piercing. Unf yes please...
"Keep the heat on me, keep the heat" on congress, Obama told CHCI. "Lift up your voice." "Tell congress to do the right thing."
Most of us R in denial with ourselves even when the roads 2 the truth are so elusive it creates confusions and reality becomes illusion
and all following me on Twitter?! Now, where's the rest of the gang? (Miss you guys!)
Whoever has the movie finding nemo I hate you right now.......... -_-"
“The public wants to understand and learn in a single day, in a single minute, what the artist has spent years learning.” -- Paul Gauguin
Hey Clue just sent your pics from Sugar Factory and Gallery to Rich! Thanks again.
That's what's good Kentucky
Just realized #Amazon.com does magazine subscriptions - I know how I'm spending my giftcard.
God be the glory! #Tebow gave the Glory and He was blessed!
We’re having something a little different this year for Thanksgiving. Instead of a turkey, we’re having a swan. You get more stuffing. - G..
Don't care about the #Braun situation. Just wanna know when the On Deck schedule is going to be announced. Right ?
lol yeah I feel you on that one !!
Hearing "sing" Lollipop with her non-existent voice hahaha
But just think, tomorrow is already Wednesday, which is one day closer to Friday, which is the day you have off! :)
lmao , YO can You believe theres like 4 weeks left of school <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Crime victim rights bill just got final passage
Should have taken the night off and started vacation early. I wanted to take tonight easy, now I have wound up with a project. Lame.
50-50 general election. From someone close to him.
Got myself a to do list -_-
My grumpy West African cab driver today does not want to answer my questions today.
I just got out of class foo. And yourself?
A raindrop ~ carries away ~ the mountain.
Follow Friday! Add us in your #FF tweets today and we'll follow you back RT!! ;-)
is looking forward to seeing all its clients/friends at the January 24th Lisbon to New York Fado show
For anyone who has children and doesn't know it, there is a day care centre on the first floor.
that's awesome! love mashable. I hope you get it!
congrats on the resident composer position with the !
Wonder if the #Jaguars would through on a free TPC Sawgrass membership to sweeten the deal?
follow me back? :)
only 10. It was 17 for me. But I dropped out and got a ged and my associates.
Congratulations Breakthrough Comedian television and film.
Woke up early to study for school, and all I'm doing is looking for a fuck to give.
Happy to hear! RT : Had a wonderful, eye-opening experience, and great tour guides. Already planning another trip to Dearborn!
When a person eats more than they should, the energy needed for digestion increases
Wanna get paid to drink coffee, tea and hot cocoa? Get paid 2 use toothpaste and soap! Call at 9PM EST 646 519 5860 Code: 64630#
no you are still at 60 something percent !
I like the rain cause it dosent judge me... What?
Courtney only knows how to act #TinWoMan #thebachelor the vows were on a paper she copied from
“: Whats the deal with that pool party we were supposed to have??? ”
Watching the bachelorette. I know I'll probably regret it.
well..just after brussel sprouts
S/O 2 ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B> HIT ME ANYTIME TWEETIES
Im thinking Lakers vs Heat for the finals
Helping out with Joy Prom tonight with !
thanks Rob! I owe you an email/call/drink as well!
We are now open every day! Monday-Friday at 4PM, Saturday-Sunday at 11AM. SMILE BIG!
Hey, airlines, why it gotta be BLACKout days?!
RT : literally bracketing the GOP today with DesMoinesRegister.com takeover
Will Ferrell on #SNL is causing me so much joy right now.
I THINK I SEEN THE SUPERMOON LAST NIGHT BUT IT WAS HANGING OUT THE WINDOW OF A CAR
these little duckie things (:
Hasn't the ammunition already been given to recruiting rivals though?
thinkin about a lip tattoo...
In honor of Ground Hog Day, you know what we'll be watching...Rambo First Blood
when are you going to do another live chat
Only 10 more days till Rockstar's #MaxPayne returns! I've been waiting since 2003 for this day to arrive.
3 full weeks left .
I Been Wit Him Every Since Last Night
I live a healthy lifestyle and feel great
I packed a specific lunch for my 5 y.o. because he hopes it will make him seem cooler in the eyes of a certain girl. #AmIaHeroOrVillian?
No, it's logic.
Indeed! Scorpions, coral snakes, cockroaches, fire ants ... I guess moths and garden snakes aren't that bad. :)
Maaaannnn!!!!!! What Up Fam Fam. you saw that right?
Nice :-) def. Come visit ;D
It's official. The bacon is great.
Now I do!
Amazing choreography session today with our two choreographers and lead actor. Killing bad things is gonna look sweet!
dude. I'm talking bout Panda Run. Lmfao.
is working on making past brackets & results viewable-I always thought that was Jody
ur #MyIdol cuz u do things everybody is afraid to and u inspier me to juss be myself!!!!! <3333 plz follow
scratch that. Found it.
Welcome back!
It's only 10am looks like I'm heading back under my blankets and going mimis.
I just saw yourvtweet :3 I'm excited to! <3
WARNING: my twitter feed 2nite will be hijacked by annoying KU fan. K-Staters, MU fans, and Kentuckians should block weaver15 now.
I feel like I ran around with one shoe untied all day.
ya that's not hard to imagine from the news coverage @ the time
I know and text me I have to tell ya some thing
#funbieberfact his favorite number is 6. That's how young people think I am when I love him and talk about him
Spending the day with my Mom! Yay!
Wtf these dummies left my bag in florida and didnt put it on the plane. Ugh i hate flyin
hey! please follow and help me out!! i need kore followers ! i follow back!!!!!!!!!!
I feel like dying my Hair like Pure Red & just have Blue highlights in it or maybe a rainbow streak on my hair but that's a lot of Dye. O_o
#5Words Ask Answer Educate Empower Change
sweet version dude. Great #remix, period.
I'm commited to my music and I don't intend on cheating.
poopyyy now we cant get autograph :( lol butt yay!!!!!
Damn my page all fucked up. Don't know what to do now
Boston, see you Saturday for Game 1 thanks to
"Titanic 2: still holding" ( never let go )
CHRIS BOSH PLEASE GET WELL, imagine if chris was there, like at least 19 pts, heat would've won, win it on thursday guys!
8 mile run. mediation. gin and tonic. in that order though i debated moving the gin and tonic to first position.
Thank you!
Wow. Watching OC....Alexis, just wow. Shame on me, I feel bad for her :/
No Nash yet as the chants start up again. He's got to be coming soon!
Thanks dude RT : Happy Birthday homie
Thanks for the #FF!
I know Jessica & Joshua better be safe after those performances
CC is down... Please help lift her spirits, I can't do it alone right now.
One more signature to go and I'm done with school forever!
#itgrindsmygears when your contact randomly gets dry then falls out...
a bit more ruffled than I ought to be by an overlong Facebook kerfuffle
#sxsw trend: panelists spend a good 5 minutes talking about how they hate a catchphrase in their own panel titles.. #really?
Truth! RT : Get your advanced diploma and then go get everyone some coffee! Conflicted as I advise an aspiring arts admin intern.
jmuellers beef ribs and rudys extra moist brisket were my winners.
I didn't ask, don't know any details. I only met'em at a retreat, she knew'em.
Yep! Sounds like fun is brewing...
If anyone remembers me, I'm back... walked away from this acct when I folded my PR biz - and you're all still here!
Idk He Just Said He's Sick But He's Sad</3
Texans at 7. Get in here!!
curious how it goes with Fill me in later?
Find God. Put/Keep him First and keep it moving. Then you can't be touched.
hahaha from me ? (:
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA LMAO at where is right now!!!
Thanks, Tim!
Our 1st year MS girls are doing some Prime Time and actually qualified for Nationals.
Hope everyone had a great #Holiday!
ugh no fun
You do the vibram thing now, right? I want to get there, thought this would be the next step easing off the full shoe. Thoughts?
what do u know about suny purchase
So many tears the pain was deep was dead inside I wanna be free Where do I go? Who do I seek? When a voice inside spoke out to me
it had me Rollin to lol RT “: lmfaooooooooooooooooooo on what you said to tony I almost cried of laughter”
Dont live in the Past, live in the Present and for the Future."
now my 3yr old has 2 listen 2 Honeybee n car & sings so loud.2nite when said her prayers-"I pray 4 Mr.Honeybee" Lol!
Really?...I guess if the bullpen continues to bring gas cans to the mound. Reppin a 5 + era as of today
How is everyone doing on this FINE Thursday night :)?
Wow. That thing is a monster! Lol
Totally. “: Schwartzman vs. Baldessari looks like a freaky Wizard of Oz! :-)”
I don't follow you nor did I see that tweet
Good Morning new followers! Looking forward to reading your posts too!
Aww that's sweet! YOU MADE MY DAY. Hope we got you out the door with a smile on your face! :)
Extremely excited for what's to come on the #fashion front in #Ohio for 2012! Good things and I'm thrilled to be involved!
text me betttchess (;
girl u sed dat last week
The recently commissioned Zumwalt-class destroyer, due in fiscal year 2018, will be named the USS Lyndon B. Johnson.
Had a great 4 days in Baltimore. Now, grading papers and student conferences all day today and tomorrow.
all day
I can't help it but I will tweet about my team again I will miss them and the parents I was lucky this year
That moment when one idea sparks ten others.
Funny >>> RT Thought I just met Criss Angel. Turned out it was a hairbrush with a sequin handle.
is its bad if the first thing u do wen u wake up is roll up a blunt lol
Colorado? Its in the plans! Our new guitar player is from Arvada! So you will see us back there. For sure!
Dunno!!! I will give u a shoutout
hahahah they'll be grand! Hope they don't hurt it again now! They have training now:o
Write! Write! Write! Even if it's messy, get it down and clean up later.
do you like men?
Thank you for holding #DayofSilence to draw awareness to bullying in schools. Our students need & deserve safe school environments.
Jay mumbled something about my bass, but I don't remember what it was.
"Actors search for rejection. If they don't get it they reject themselves." - Charlie Chaplin
Come one Rangers! Kinsler up to bat Gentry on Base!
Longtime Doc Rivers nemesis Bill Kennedy among officiating crew for Game 6, along with referees Derrick Stafford and Eric Lewis.
Watch Brian Halligan & Dharmesh Shah as they share business insights to grow your company!
really SGP voice
Lol everybody mad on my TL
If I was a judge on a crappy tv talent show, my honesty would make Simon Cowell & Stern combined seem as soft as a cotton ball basically
Downside of being a vampire --being unable to use devices with capacitive touch screens.
#WhenAustin goes a little overtime on his ustream :)
love you too
Done with #apush! Time to enjoy the night!
The joy of Christmas is greatly experienced when you get the blessing of hanging w/ children like my niece Atalie. Merry Christmas!!!
Oh No! We're being followed by the ! (thank you occifer)
I thought so. ;)
has me in Ruth Chris watching this Heffalump try to eat the biggest burger EVER, smothered in Mayo and licking every finger
Hitting up The Midway tonight to play with 7 other songwriters like and Lenny Lashley. Can't wait!
It's a beautiful day! Hello tweeters! Let's continue to work on our challenges as we appreciate the blessings that follow. Keep moving!
Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1. - Warren Buffett
Gotta train for those hills!
: I GOT CHU JUS LET ME NO...
I think that 's Hot n' Cold was written about Indiana weather.
my source says that trade is an E12... meaning it absolutely already might have happened in a possible universe.
Ariza was like dang, Kobe got me again!!! Way to finish the quarter #LAkers!!!
Thanks! Put in our 1st offer yesterday. Waiting to hear; seller has till 9pm tonight. MT : Good luck with your search!
I think we need to start considering the Canucks' playoff run a success for actually winning a game over the Kings.
Pleaseeeeeeeeeeerr follow me! <33333333 i <3 One direction and you!
if we heart that the retail market hit a all time high on Sunday we will know why :)
Without a collective voice, vets are looked upon as being shell shocked footnotes within society! The freedoms of the US are as result of US
I got into art.sy! sweet!
Im such a mornin person!!;)
It's Bee Time. Episode 3 airs in 5 minutes!
Congratulations to ! Makin' moves... literally.
#FuscoFriday ! Yeah Buddy : )
It's #bike to work week. Anyone taking out the bike this morning?
.50 Cent wings and $2.50 Coors light pints all night!!! Game 4 of the world series @ 8:20 Tonight!!! Come get Some!!!
That moment when everyone is serious but you can't stop laughing about something that happened forever ago! hahah.(:
LOL The taco my husband made?? That bastard! He's so never cooking for me again!
Hacking computers.
he, he, I forgot. I don't have all timers, though, I have half timers.
in my mom's homemade blueberry cake!
you got it!
1 final down, 1 final to go.
we both had so much fun. Thank you!
What was the tweet?
I miss home.
15 more points, and you will be allowed to sleep in the bed again.
Is Chris Broussard turning white?
Pet the pussy... You're doing it wrong...
good morning how are you ?(:
Way to go 'Cuse!! Sweet 16 in Boston!! Let's go ORANGE!!
« « Who goin to the party tonight RT if u r»»
Cultural evening in Miami. Started with painter Veronica Saenz at MIA, then to MOCA Plaza- Marlon Hill, Nicole Henry then Viernes Culturales
So much for yesterday
My dad is making great progress with his knee replacement. He's already allowed to drive.
seriously though?
Yes, I do blend in at hockey games. Sam at MF just pointed out the earrings the other day and we had a good chuckle.
I did Seattle to Victoria for MSA this year... Schedule basically requires one-night stay in Seattle--ferry only once per day
no, he's not dead! just lazy. :P
its a house full of sissies doin the wobble
There is no shame when it comes to comic book movies. Enjoy that midnight showing of the #avengers by yourself!
.twitter my updating at bad so am i
I got this nifty contact form on this page now sweet! Im gonna explore these apps on facebook. haha!
Open bar in NYC >>> you're doing
last tweet but does True Romance count?
"If I had my life to live over again, I'd be a plumber." – Albert Einstein
TY for following us !
It's so nice! I like it just like this.
1st time back in the gym since foot surgery! Here we go !
Now Shopping For My Holloween Costume !!
RT SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS!! I will NOT be in San Antonio this Sunday at The Heatwave. False.
Pittsburgh and fans! Pbs is showing le mis 25th anniversary sunday night at 7!
April is child abuse prevention month! Thank you NYC Preventive Programs for keeping children safe.
Give me some sugar.
Love can touch us one time and last for a lifetime and never let go till we're gone.
Yup, absolutely.
Watching in #NewGirl makes me happy! Catching up on my shows!
Thursday SPECIAL! Buy 1 Acme Sausage, get the 2nd 1/2 off! Make it a combo! Cleveland Ave., north of Morse
Jeff Halpern and Mike Rupp, now is not the time to get acquainted in such a manner.
() Those were great! Especially the last one, lol. Thanks!
lol something like that, gotta do what you gotta do tho.
network just did a tough mudder interview with Wild head coach Mike Yeo.
What is the most successful method of integrating online and offline citizen monitoring and reporting, social movements, activism
9/11 took place on US soil but it was a global event.Not only Americans died. We need to remember many nations lost citizens & B respectful.
so good. I thought you were going to pines.
Fiber fills you up because it expands in your stomach. Starch makes you crave more carbohydrates due to excess insulin production and dopami
My grandpa always said to do one thing and to do it well. Well, we've been making just cocktails since 1938.
I hope my school project against racism will be good ! :D
pats vs lions you heard it first
Whats wrong with my iphone? Man, this is some bull.
Braiding your hair so much that your fingers hurt <<<
Newest Bodybuilding Talk Show
I re-read The Picture of Dorian Gray every few years. I have a literary crush on Wilde.
I know. Darling takes the lead thanks to her. OMG! How is this happening AGAIN????
Need to make obesity a health issue. Not a vanity issue
Roux House tonight Baton Rouge!
Have a Firehook Bakery Croissant for breakfast!! It's an all butter crescent shaped croissant made from scratch-delicious!
Nothing like the fattest girl you knew in high school getting married to a cute guy to make you feel utterly single. Sigh.
I had an awesome date and time last night....could he be the one? ;)
I knew what you meant, beba. And I agree.
I just wanna ride in my ride with the top down......and smoke weed wit my niggas.
I am all mixed up. Reading Illiniboard and they had a fake Andy Katz tweet...Mixed up Katz and Seth Davis
Dude to take a leak at 10 & never came back RT : Anyone see Rory? Did he fall into Rae's Creek?
the airport sweat is one of the underrated rushes in the game
TY dear, you too! Happy holidays... <Peace>
My college team, pro team, fantasy team and suicide pool team all won this weekend.
In Miami but logged onto for gr8 sax man Jerry Weldon in time for his spectacular take on "You Can't Take That Away From Me"
jealous. Make sure you get a cocktail
you do management
In the mood for sum damn hot wings
SHOUT OUT AND FOLLOW ME? <3 c:
Is this the way its going to be all summer with this awful #brewers offense?
he dont no yet
Hong Kong -----> Shanghai
thanks, friend!
i like how ALL these haters tweet me. have nothing better to do, obviously you love Aubrey since your lookin at her
Tea Party has highlighted gap between govmt workers & private sector workers pay - Grover Norquist.
BBBAAAAAMMM SQUAD...Get wit it or kick rocks
Castro is evil. What THE HELL ELSE IS THERE TO BE SAID! Lets stop tip toeing,
Fascinating studies about how verbalizing your self-transcendent values makes you more open to health messages and behavior change
Check the Occupation Outlook Handbook? I use it for a lot of job-related research.
Thanks! I didn't realize you were admissions! Must follow. :)
My dad hates The Beatles lmao.
hello to you
They are amazing. So many good ideas, and great energy. Very excited about what they are doing for us!
Just realized I have no less than 3 Little League games to attend (for 1 kid) over the next week. That's a lot of Treasure Island.
just signed up for St pattys day race!!! See you there.
well 1 month's supply of that drug just knocked out 1/5th of my annual prescription benefit, shit!
Exhausted, everything hurts....watching the emperor's new groove (:
when the guy you like has an ugly girlfriend :(
#GenCon #Indy fans: Be sure to check your coupon book for your Chick-fil-A offer. We're in the food court of the Circle Centre Mall.
Yes. This. RT Hardest question in a relationship, "What do you feel like eating?"
Turns out my masseuse is not in a joking mood,asked for a Travolta, got a black eye instead. Lighten up Frances!
Merry Christmas Eve. We're open til 7 p.m. tonight so get your fill while you can. (We're closed Christmas day.)
Whats goin on tonight? OH YEAH THE HOMERUN DERBY. Wings and bombs all night!
i judge ppl, whatevr, but i dont like it when ppl look at others and dont know them, and they judge them on how they look.
I'm at my sister's house and I'm helping her get weather text alerts from
(c) hurt an animal omg I can't I want to fucking kill everyone who's abused animals like wtf omg can I please slice your throat and (c)
We think pink station wagons are the bees knees. Go on with your bad self.
nice trian was supposed to be up there from the other office did you see him up there
i said the same thing
I was parked on the street and decided to move my car to a parking garage.Glad I did! A tree fell exactly where my car was parked!
Thanks, that makes sense.
Because of fear, our spirit was lost. Because of arrogance, our dream was crushed.
ditto kiddo. looking at title poem to try and see if it's working graphically but not seeing it. love workshop scene tho
Thanks for following us #acting in la
Our meeting spaces aren't as conducive as they could be for #effectivevirtualmeetings particularly the large Hayden 133 space
Lolol hush you. ": The Lakers are playing like they ran out of Ensure and in need of some Activia. Come on!!"
my mom saw my twitter and it is
where is ur event in Chicago? Would love to see u and speak. I go to UIC, ill spread the word!
Adding a mid-90s comic book to my thesis. I think the only media form now missing is pure audio.
when can I get my sunglasses?? Trade you for my Glo shades.
Game time in a hour
The alchemy of conscious action is results, learning, or learning and results.
No classes today...start studying for those finals!
At the movies with my City Biddie about to watch "Think Like A Man" :)
and steady fillin' up my timeline.
I want to go back to school....
lol its Mr nasty time
#IF11 closing session: What if we invested in individuals rather than (primarily) corporations?
I saw a werewolf drinking a piña colada at Trader Vic's, his hair was perfect!
Awesome presentation by from Overheard audience member saying it was the best preso - I agree!
Nobody wants to hear this, but sometimes the person you want most, is the person you're best without
Did any of my friends win the Mega Millions Friday night?
to answer your ? , create content that validates their purchase decision. we all want to know we made the right decision.
You can give without loving but you can never love without giving
BOUNTY Has A Twitter ...
Do you know a family member, friend, or loved one who has hurt by the mortgage crisis? We can help-www.amcaphomeloan.com
RT : More important: I need to find #HR #Running partners at the #SHRM12 conference. Best way to network. :-)
best quote that i found from intern party "i heard you can juggle on a pogo stick" from kelly v to emily haha
Dinner w/ mom & the kids
Nothing more brutal than working an 11 hour day after a nice 4 day weekend. At least I got the worst part of the week over with first!
People keep telling me about the many challenges of this economy. All I see are the many opportunites.
The only reason why I'm tweeting this is because I cannot go out to play, I'm stuck inside working. Don't worry to read or retweet.
RT : Pep Rally was awesome!! Lights on stage were Hot as HECK!!LOL
And I don't see the Nationals getting any better unless they make a trade, MIA will be in it at the end of season with ATL and PHI
The Lottery Show starts in 10 minutes!! Check out www.thelotteryshow.com and come and chat as we wait for the fun to begin!!
Multiverse theory states that somewhere right now we're all battling demons which emerged from the Clintonville Hellmouth. So quit whining.
Oh & if I lose 50 lbs, you'll be stalking me for another reason.....telling me to eat.
CONGRATS OLIVIA ON MAKING JV !!!!!!!
working out of the office today. sweet pad…
well, galaxy press (for L.Ron Hubbard's fiction) is across from us. & they have a guy w/ a lasso. natch. sorry, it's just strange.
imagine JJ walkers signature outfit... With Dangers head on it.
Miami got better. Were they going to get anyone as good as James and Bosh turning over the title run leftovers?
I heart ! Good move #FSBraves. She makes me want to watch the #Braves!
Someone was complaining to me about talk radio today. I said, "Is anyone forcing you to listen?" End of that discussion.
I love you too baby
Any quality PGs or combo guards left on UF's radar?
The supreme irony of life is that hardly anyone gets out of it alive. Heinlein, Robert
can you define "cheeky" for this ignorant American?? Lol
Check out the Lagond Music School facebook page to see who won the "Rolling in the Deep at the " Competition!! It was so close!
yeah,staring... i do that big time...
Does anyone want a follow back ? :D ill do 10 ! just ask.
lololol it did that to me too hahaha it's fine.
my pleasure.
Great news! We are thrilled to have you be a part of the this year! See you soon! :)
The richest yet lightest French toast take I've had in a while Carmelized toast with yogurt ice cream and berries
I could use a few glasses of wine
thanks for these tweets, Chris. Wish I could hear it live!
RIP Steve Jobs...
RT Why the fuck do icecream vans play their music so loud? I thought I was at my house, NOT A FUCKING ROCK CONCERT.
I'm jealous!!
It's on my desk! Hahaha
Neighborhood: Los Feliz. Near Sunset & Vermont. Subway Red Line, bus 754 or 204 from USC. Bus 2/302 from West Hollywood...
no doubt
aahhhh my phone, left it at home all day. it was like losing an arm.
Hi - Good to see you lo these many years (Columbia MFA '90)
Who will love you? Who will fight? Who will fall far behind? ( at )
I have to stop blacking out on tuesday nights....
has stared at tax figures for hours and hours and wants to stop now and watch The Iron Lady on DVD.test ifttt
IT"S GOING DOWN THIS SATURDAY @ RAIN E40 SET N IT OFF N DA AZ NWC WILL B ON DECK NODOUBT REPP N HARD 4 DA AZ ................ Page Themes
What does it take to be your own boss? Studies show being your own boss is like being a thousand bosses. Is it worth it? What do you think?
omg ily2 and omg omg srs?? but i'll still be on tumblr
it's gonna be sick! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Claire Diaz Ortiz will be signing her books from 10:15-11 at the Jossey-Bass booth-- we're #1112. Bring your copy or buy one here!
It's FRIDAY ... heading to workout -- last minute errands - get MaryBeth moved - pack and fly to London tomorrow!!
This is gorgeous! Where were you?
Super excited for the Golden Trumpet Awards tomorrow!
We're apparently now part of a family of ducks migratory pattern... Haven't seen them in 6 months and they were waiting at our door ; )
Who is your favorite online business?
#genomesolver #curenet discussing the difficulty of getting stds to critique their work as they have learned to do with published work
Honorary Degree Recipients Announced | The Exchange
I can't remember the last time I paid $3.55 for gas, your hashtag diffused my instant anger
Man E, next time I will know...experience taught me well lol
k cool, Nonna's ?
Well, now I'm not tired at all.. haha
Lunch feature:smoked brisket shaved thin, topped w/ caramelized onions & swiss cheese on a buttermilk biscuit. choice of side! $9
ridiculous. I haven't been there cuz I'm sick and had ap tests all week.. Did fearn email you back?
Oh you didn't wet the bed last night? Lame, try partying.
Ya.. sorry about that.
The only way Obama and the country can loose is by negative lies and an activist Supreme Court. He knows what is truly at stake. Do we? 4MY
Wise words from a wise man : If you're a bartender and you act miserable you get a miserable tip
I don't really miss one particular person. I miss the memories I had of him, and the way he made me feel.
Make your own Monday. Let us know your taste & we make a wine tasting just for you! Tuesday kicking off NEW Salad, Meatballs and Desserts!
wait til my bottoms come in next week !!!!
Can you follow me please??(:
no dont do that love :(
our heater is out. awesome.
So I met ths young man that look like a real life Golden Lord but I'm saddened that he doesn't KNOW he looks like one.
of course! Send away!
walk away jus walk away
I'm getting real excited to see how the coaching staff will do this year.. <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088>
Looks like I'm taking back roads RT : Got in a mini wreck on the way to the bowl game. Look for our Surburban on the side of 85
yes, facial redness
If you where born in November you know your parents had a nice valentines day
Eating pancakes right now
Schiano to Buccaneers according to Ny Post's Lenn Robbins Wow!!!! Just when Rutgers was putting another solid recruiting class together nuts
We're excited to have Jason Michaud joining our growing team!
I aspire to be like my dad someday
We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. - Albert Einstein
Happy Birthday !!
Yeah I know, but you were no where to be found hahah
S\O my hustlin Women... All day mama
Jesus fucking Christ I wish I could fucking drink at work... Everyday a goddamn fuckup adventure. <U+E416><U+E113><U+E421><U+E155>
Jason is the dad? Come on, #GH, you just wasted months with giving us that bogus Franco crap. It's not interesting!
Not gonna lie..... YOU KINDA FUCKED URSELF by this decision LOL
RT San Antonio assistant Don Newman has passed on defensive coordinator spot with Suns coaching staff and will stay with Spurs,
A1: It also depends on what industry you're in. PR moves so quickly that students themselves need to be aware of changing trends.
Saw it at the infamous 'Robert's Bad Trip' screening at the Egyptian last year. Quite an experience. "Speak!"
Want you to make me feel like I'm the only squirrel in the world
Going out to eat with my family:)
I ain't got time to argue tho lol
Hahahahahaha!!!!! That wa the funniest shit!!
“: Goddamnit I hate Mustangs.” fuckin right!
you're thriving in a difficult situation you didn't create, so props for that man.
#SmackDown can't wait
#ksugraduation Harmon prepares to introduce the deans, who will introduce the grads...
Thanks for following us !
It was that good? I'll make time to watch it soon, then.
#kids 7th Annual Summerlin Kids' Mix & Frozen Yogurt Festival: 7th Annual Summerlin Kids' Mix & Frozen Yogurt Festival from Saturday, May...
eating a cookie. while scratching my armpits. while listening to the offspring.
Thanks, Matt! I'm excited about the new position but sad about leaving GGN. :(
oh WOW!!! Thank YOU for commenting!! I loved it!! I'm on cloud 9 to have heard from you!!
How can #inventors succeed to make their #tech #startup a success by finding the #funding and #seedmoney they need? Through #crowdfunding!
As long as your dedicated it's doesn't matter which pond you drink from... You will succeed!!!
TIP: Have maintenance reminders sent to your phone from Car Maintenance Reminder Pro {Android phones} or Car Care {iPhone}.
I hate "being that."
The first eight seasons of Law & Order are now streaming on Netflix. This is glorious news.
Prayer Breakfast at Mt. Moriah Baptist Church
saturday weather: 76 and SUNNY!
Thank you frat! I wrote you back on FB as well. Have a great week.
MOM: Our makeshift defense.
A mixture of Myspace, SKype, G+, and with the live feed on the side Twitter. YIKES. My dad will not figure this out ;)
“: I promise Central Station be PoppN...” ---> on my momma!!!
Just saw a S550 parked on the side walk of millennium park really? Haha totally worth the parking ticket...
Just the two of us... u and I
Today is a gloomy day...perfect. It goes with the occasion :(
Love >>> Distance
That funny moment when u realize the random voices ur hearing is a tv downstairs
#NiallisBeautiful EF THOSE PEOPLE WHO THINK OTHERWISE. HE IS AN ANGEL<3
Can I come hang with you and Randy
and I remember the pointlessness of the incessant chatter mass marketed as splendid thought, oh but it is not.
": Once again took my body out the game again"---fuckiddy fuck fuck no I didn't.lol
In Cali For The Bet Awards Who's Out Here With Me?? #Legoooo!
Heading to St. Barnabus with Joanie to help out at Family Promise week.
So, yeah, #teatyme and I'm downloading Ayo songs...
Marched w/Occupiers briefly on way2dance class.Maybe U r tolerated'cause da government is setting events4martial law2be enacted date!
Rec #3: Embed incentives for success, such as on-track progress towards degree, but don't exclude students on margin of access/success.
He probably only appears to the human eye when there's bad karma;
ALWAYS stay positive! This is a long process. If you're patient, you will get the results you want if you do it the healthy way :)
RT : Thank you to , President of SMC Hawaii () for sharing #mysmcstory with us, check it out...
hey my best friend future mother in law. What have u been up to lately
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU MEAN EVERYTHING TOO ME<3
Amazing TWITTER deal. 50% off @ The Clifton Inn for dinner this Mon & Tues. Call now 434 971 1800 for reservations
I LOVE Crazy Stupid Love! I need to get that DVD
Who are you? Princess Valhalla What are your superpowers? I don't have a vagina.
Yes melissa myatt and the chase you betta play!!!!! :)
If you do a job too well, you will get stuck with it.
What's an earthqauke?
As a fan, I'm not sure we could stay with them all series, but we may be able to steal a game or two max.
Where I'm from I just wanted to be alive when I grew up
Book 2 is also fabulous!! Enjoy.
White Sox Philip Humber pitches only the 21st perfect game in MLB history!
170 Cappers have their service & free plays posted to view FREE and the consensus from these picks currently at 11 with more to come
Writing my own final... okay?
Albert Einstein
totally get that. Just trying to help the surprise in your voice that the positions were similar.
It's official...I'm going to be a mom of 3 boys!!! Baby BOY is healthy and all is well :) #onehappymomma (there you go )
RT : Report of Bluemound Road closed west of 124th street due to flooding problems. Lots of ponding of water. Travel safely.
oh girl thats funny i have done that too many times! lol
love that show (storage wars).
had your #glutenfree #peanutfree maple & brown sugar hot cereal recently- delicious! Thanks so much! Great for traveling too!
Wants to see Alice in Wonderland in 3D at LA Live...soon.
These charge calls ruining the sport tho
In school U need to question everything.If teachers don't know, ask"Why"and keep asking "Why"They feed U myths because they don't know.WHY?
HeHeHe! LOVE blowing theories out of the water! :)
Nick Rizos wins against Jacob Rathwell at 2:05 of the second round via rear naked choke submission.
I feel alone. <U+E411>
I'm already doing plasma donations lmaoooo.
ouch! Sorry about that hon :\
Great post. I love that u wrote about the importance of designing your life. It's not easy figuring out who u want to be today.
#Writing is not primarily escape, but use.
It's Cinco de Mayo! Celebrate with $2 Cerveza !
Can't wait my next Music Video is almost done > aim >> upload target you tube
Nobody I know sit and jam like I do ((:
Thanks for helping to promote the Memorial Day Blitz!
Follow today for tweets that make you Think. But I can only show you the door. You're the one that has to walk through it.
If you give us shoutouts we will give them back later with also a follow! Thanks so much for your help!! <U+2665>
hey I did lmao!
thas what I had this morning! W/ peppers, garlic and mushroom.
no longer HoFlowers; Thanks 4 pulling from #rushlimbaugh show and not supporting hate. This birth control mama may order soon!
Your thirst is evil, and it must be quenched. Do it tonight with all the tap beer you can drink for just $10.
congrats buddy, really happy for ya!
PEYTON! Wanna follow me back?(:
I never knew you were a Hoosier! Too cool!
Its So Amazing to be So Amazing!
Welcoming all the visiting members from Alterian Social Line of Business to Seattle this weekend. Excited to see you all soon.
Fittin ta clean my room -_____-
I like 2 groc shop for 4 kids & tell cashier I live alone with 1 bulimic cat
Over The Limit? LOL!!!!!! Good luck with that one. lol
BCSDesigns4U thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Hard work + Great Talent = SuperStar
Everyone go do yourself a favor and go watch "The Hunger Games" just a phenomenol movie!!!
I love our guy and girl friends can hang out without people thinking people like each other
Morning <3 already stuck at school for 6 hours :( . And it's the longest day of the week . Hope this day will go by fast .
Thanks Jenn! I enjoyed checking out your IMDB page -- quite a list of credits! What are you working on now?
Leaders are just the fastest lemmings.
Excellent experience. Changed flight from LAX to SFO tomorrow to an earlier time. No fees. Quick service. No hassle.
They say when times are bad you should scream the loudest. If they only knew......
Wanda Sykes show was the WORST I have seen. She managed to alienate half her audience in the first 10 minutes with political rants.
holler at me
Thanks for the RTs
Shut the front door!!! is going to be at ?!? I just got super excited...
I can show you one but just not here it's kinda creepy xD
Swing by our office at 544 S 1st St between 8 and 5. We're located inside the First Edge building. :)
Also, whatever x 1000 for lyfe w/r/t the Yankees, but baseball is notably less awesome without Mariano Rivera in it.
Trying to decide what kind of music day it is in the office... any suggestions are welcome!
Really soon! No worries! keep a look out for it:)
Owning a home is the American Dream, but dealing with the HOA is a nightmare.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
The movie Forrest Gump brings back so many good memories. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
if someone wants to be a part of your life they'll make an effort to be a part of it
Will someone tell those rednecks from south in Atlanta that the Braves chop chant isnt PC?
what? where? that's where i live!
hahaha good. I think either CB or safety!
<U+200E>[Campus Bulletin] We're not saying that bribes can get your registration time moved up. Just that our office has a convenient drop box.
I will be on campus around 11ish and then I have a class at 1.
Since February 28th, according to my pocket diary.
no way man Ted Nugent is one of the last republicans that plays the electric guitar
what about Huston, what about Detroit, what about Pittsburgh, PA?
HUGE SHOUT OUT TO FOR FOLLOWING MY FRIEN AND YOU CAN FOLLOW HER TO AT
The Jungle Cruise should have a re-ride clause for when you get a bad skipper.
I need to work on this! RT: : Patience is the art of concealing your impatience. — Unknown
It's the summer break--the summer break I was feenin for. Gotta make it count. Sunshine, a ride downtown early; reading & good food later
RT Retweet this if you think they should make gallon sized Caprisuns and have it still be a squeezable.. Think about it.
I don't want a child, I want a protegé.
haha i liked your facebook comment and then immediate delete..coincidently I did have another interview today
hard work opens the door for opportunity.
Congrats to your dad. Recommend a distinct landing page for your contact us. That way you can a/b test and optimize it.
Thanks for following (back), and happy #Placemaking!
Wonder Where My Phone Call Is ????
Ooh, is following us on #Twitter now. Ritzy! Okay, actually, more Parcy than Ritzy. No offense, Parc55
Tune in... Idols on!
Enjoy! That's a fun course. RT : At
you're welcome! There tends to more notice in news for negative things so I just wanted to be sure u were thanked!!
First-time novelist Meg Howrey's novel "Blind Sight" is 1 of the books that Nancy Pearl recommends
TY for the FF's and mentions:
I. am. not. wearing. a. dress. im gonna dress like a hobo!!!!
that Rwanda pour over was pretty good
This is awesome! RT : We have news! Announcing our Ambassadors:
word up bro. when you need the pic by?
YES thank you. thank you.
Again, morning wood. What to do? What to do?
don't prescreens exist to prevent those moments?
this guy never see's my tweets ! ._. #gottalovehimtho<3
You know those baby strollers that take up the whole sidewalk? I hate those
Feeling pretty good about my unit. Saw several students who don't normally read get wrapped up in #TheOutsiders!
Nothing's finah than the incomparable Dinah Washington. Easing my way into this week...
Mike Wallace really thinks he's gonna get over $100 million dollars.Just like you thought you were gonna break Jerry Rice's record last year
jus drank an entire glass of gravy in 20 seconds.
sweet, thanks!
Many things to be thankful for.. Happy thanksgiving everyone!
random thought of the day: flavor flav and dick vitale have almost the exact same voice inflection, way of speaking esp. when excited.
Urghhhhhhhhhhhhh, I should probably start studying -_-
Do you still write stories on there? I miss you too, anything new going on? =) <3
You can overdose on beer? I'm not trying hard enough.
And that's where financial support would be crucial.
Can teachers be political advocates? Do students respond well? How can we get everyone involved? Does technology help or hinder?
My Bad , I Said I Felt Sickk , So I Kind Of Figured Youu Wouldvee Thoughht I Wasnt Gonna Go To School ,
RT : RT : QFT RT : REALITY CHECK: This vote stopped being about the debt ceiling a long time ago.
It's better earned if you ask me *guaranteed* :-)
Anytime Rocky! Hope to work with you one day!
that is totally true.
i want some sassy soda secrets.
The Notebook is on tv but I have no one to watch it with
Understatement. RT : Baroness is just so good.
-.~|._ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
new denim outfit at stylesbyrneae.com
The play. I'll have to devise a plan to make it to the city and buy you a cocktail.
RT : The only way to love is madly, intensely and deeply. Everything else is a weak substitute.
Thanks! Stop by and visit any time! We've got great artists lined up for at least the next YEAR!
Fun! There are a LOT of REDs floating around this city...
Congrats to on a great series- good luck w/the blues- 12 more WINS... and its Lord Stanley and :)
Wow. I could only imagine...
shut up before I suck your di. I mean beat your ass
good morning! (:
Thanks for clearing that up!
If 2 Chainz signed wit Kanye I'm gonna be mad
what song should i do next? think think think
What is it about the woman you love just making you ache when things are out of whack? It's like us men ard puppets. Man, I love her!
That awkward moment when you realise you were the only person who thought your joke was funny.
Everything was dead quiet, and it looked late, and SMELT late
wow! oh wow! the pies! the lamb! at - "awesome" does not even come close! you guys totally knocked it "outta the 'park'" ;-)
YEAH!!! RT My forecast: Regardless, it's still grilling weather
I make my own luck. *coin flip*
Thought this was good... "Yesterday is history. Tommorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift that's why they call it the present."
What's happening with Torii Hunter is one of a parent's worst nightmares. From a father to another - stay strong.
Join us tonight for Tilted Tuesday Trivia from 7-9pm and enjoy $15 pitchers of TK Lager and Domestics.
Great to meet you in person and thanks for the follow!
do the one with the "need a prom date" signs? :d
Glad the person is out of sight like i said the other day no one should die young But glad to see all their fanz really cared! :)stay ICONic
thank you buddy. Tell Bonzai I miss him.
The only problem with Tucker is that he prefers to play with them rather than kill/devour. Most just die of fright.
Saw the sunrise on my morning run- beautiful. Saturday, here I come!
I just saw the most precious baby I've ever seen in my entire life!!
I'm off to Washington DC with Louie to present on our LSF Program! Join me at the Natural Health Festival - 10:00am Sunday. Will tweet there
Because I liked them both. Just watch it.
follow all that up with a trip to REI and you've got yourself a perfect day.
A sad day for #TroyDavis and all citizens of the United States.
Lol I took credit for Whittney. It's fun having the same name
I like M&M and Hyundi com
Time to hit the sheets.. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
shout outs all day to a 503 rep
Oh Jesus Christ... “: I love #Sunsets”
I know, right? Terrible.
Where should we go for dinner in Vegas?
Only increases his appeal.
Chuck Paris is now a member of the Public Relations Society of America (PRSA) www.PRSA. org
Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding. -Proverbs 3:5
You tweet too much
Be careful what you wish for... Responsibility may follow.
#nf follow back!!!
ah!!!i wish i could go when your comin' to houston :(
Major props to the G
Win free tix to tonight's Buckethead & That 1 Guy as Frankenstein Brothers show at RT for your chance to win!
I never in a million years thought I would ever go to a club & just the fact that I did, I surprise myself.
Excellent news. Thanks a lot! I'll check tomorrow when I'm back home.
nice! It's a little like our credit score though. No one *really* knows how to improve it. Sucks
Be careful now! Those are officially rivals to Wayne State. Can't give away all your secrets!
A (THE MODEL) model of place-based ontologies. Wow. Go Germano.
two amazing bands to have on shuffle!! Although i dont hold a candle to Stephen Tyler!
thats awesome Char!
After two innings of play Virginia scores two runs and stranded three runners making the score 4-1
Watching The Kids Are All Right with my mom. So so so so so awkward.
Welcome to Alanta
WHEN AM I GETTING MY PHONE FIXED, JEEEEZUS.
just saying :)
well see about that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Thanks for the support up there in NY! Shine responsibly!
did you want to meet up at some point?
Friday, March 25; 7:30 pm Jazz Sabbath Service; Mark Bloom
Thank the good Lord it's soccer time in KC once again!!!
Queen Latifah's version of the National Anthem will be the new version played at our games.
Performing Live every Wednesday at the Hibiscus Grill and Sushi Bar in North Palm Beach at Crystal Tree!! Join me tree for the party!!
I wish I lived in one of those towns where everybody knows everybody.
I asked my mom to join #BrickSquad and she said yes, we have a new member thanks
lol, thanks for checking it out Wanjiru!
yes I seen him plenty. definitely channeling vibes. Rasta!
Can't wait to hear em! RT : Working on mixes for all day.
i just found it a re-read it!! oh, what a great talk. loved the eternal perspective parts--i'll see them again, etc
hahaha Nash just plain ol intro to studio arts. I must say it was a group effort but still lol
Doing my taxes...can you claim Twitter Followers as dependents? (Thanks )
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Writing is least complex of media--audio, video, and interactive media add layers of complexity. Write more!
I LOVE BEIN A NUDIST NUDITY IS COOL NO BLOCK OR BLURR LOL
Good old Akamai. Thanks Todd. You guys rock.
Wow can't even ask a question?
Want to know Rick Pitino's "principles for Stellar Performance"?? They only Cost $4.95!! See page A7 of the
World Series will go head to head with Steelers/Saints game. I wonder who will win this ratings battle?
misses doing live theatre, although it has only been a few months... must do show SOON!
Relaxing nt, catching up w sis ... Couple of cocktails on patio
Grandma Chelo called me a junkie before hitting me. She then said I hit her. I need to get out of Dodge. I have enough on my plate.
Oh me either! There's just so many new CDs to get!! Haha.
Today's Feature: 1/2 lbs Steamed Mussels over Angel Hair Pasta, capers, tomatoes, carrots, red onion in white wine sauce Soup: Butternut Sq
otherwise how's your day been?
fail! Firing Kevin P. Apparently they like good players but not good leadership. They still can't figure it out.
Reinventing the site...
man I want an air bleed button for my lezyne
Say Natitude one more time, ESPN
I was guessing, just needed to be sure. lol :D
The sitter with is hilarious!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Have you thought about what you will get your valentine?! Flowers and Chocolate will not be enough!
was just asked if sand dollars are made of sand.
Fun Stat for the Day - Moore 12 games started - 16TD's - Smith 16 games started - 17TD's - Upgrade??
don't want to be like this for the rest of my life
learning about inveneo.org at the Libraries and the Developing World LITA program. and waking up.
we need higher then standard. Striving for excellence w/other people who have gained excellence!
Sigh, lagging on the Dayshell video info. cause no one with tumblr wants to help me.
Hanging with today :D
professional project management, markers of success, flexibility, clear expectation, fluidity of design
Ah! Yes, an important distinction!
yes, yes!
What kinda cheese?
I'm single for tonight!
I'm going try to see that tonight too!
I have an old soul but a childlike sense of wonder.
has a bunch of little buds on her orchid!
thanks 4 the S/o
I been neglecting you twitter , sorry .
HE'S THE BAD BOY OF THE #CIVILWAR, JOE HOOKER. New novel , GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan $2.99 Kindle/Amazon Sex, Drugs & the Civil War
I wish haha
There's a good chance I will not be sober tonight. Fun tweets for all! Or no tweets. Could go either way.
thanks much for kind mention- what fires you up?
Thanks for the great post. It was a needed read for me today. :)
I would so rock THATCampFail. Especially in coding.
anyone in DFW interested in a 2 hour studio session for $20 including behind the scene video, contact me asap. This offer is this week only
<U+21A9> needs someone 2text
Tackle your weight loss goals with Hollywood Elite Trainer Max "The Body"
Wishing everyone a safe and relaxing weekend!
#dolphins HARTLINE can get it
Is you sleep?
Keep being you Jen, haters come and go!Killing ppl with kindness is the best revenge. You have to much class 4 those BIRDS
so bored and too much on my mind
Just saw on the road in Maryland. HI!
YOU KNOW! ": #Celtics"
$1-$1.50 a cup for the best gourmet coffee you will ever drink! Healthy energy.www.energyconnection.organogold.com.google ganoderma please!
Losers quit when they fail. Winners fail until they succeed. ~ Robert Kiyosaki's Rich Dad
omfgomfg what is air loooool he like birds I guess omfg what what looool let him open it and I'll meet I there
Smh women these days
“I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.” <U+2015> Oscar Wilde
Citing new ideas, VW extends Chinese crowd-sourcing project - AutomotiveIT International
it was an E60 story on ESPN. Watch it. Good stuff.
Sounds interesting, little known facts! Exhibit Of State Symbols In Las Cruces Museum.
Is it still an unbiased source of statistics if it's produced by a privately-held corporation?
Oh, exactly.
Today is the Stride & Glide for Come down to the Pettit at 8am to register and Run/Walk/Wheelchair Roll/Ice Skate!
Welcome! will be launching soon, so get ready to rock your #dogs world!!!
It's true. “: Be-a-u-tiful full moon tonight, folks.”
Wolfpussy? Wtf is that.... A wolf pussy. O ok
RT : When will we learn? JPM loss shows riskiness of financial sector, & potential for tax-payer funded bailout2
#nene was a stripper o.O
In the age of Rove, Koch Bros, ALEC, Citizen's United, & this Supreme Court, national Dems must get into the fray in WI, NOW!!!
Instead of eliminating th real problem,the new HC law will enrich and further entrench the profit-driven, private health insurance industry
i am glad i'm not the only one haha i feel better lol
O U outta luck
that's how the good guys can easily detect the bad guys' location. ;)
Sugar-free redbull... Oh so necessary today.
Prayers, good thoughts and star wishes headed your way!
wait was that referring to green day as bad
8 months today. I love being hangover-free. :)
And by gun I meant gin.
right now? 4 hours via a flight from Newark to Denver.
After-mob Eats for April 21 are being planned. The word so far? Local delishishness is in our future. What are your favorite local eats?
I really think should retweet my nieces please they are huge #beliebers :)
shipped my camera to y'all this AM.
I'd say mid-range. Designers would include Ali Ro, Theory, DVF, Jay Godfrey, Vince, BB Dakota, Alice + Olivia, etc. Thanks!
Listening to me on is a surreal experience :)
oh we got ourselves a mow off. Footloose style?
Good luck! I'm blaming my procrastination on the warm weather. Hard to concentrate when it's 80 degrees in March. ;)
Anyone know the exact dates of when the #Believe tickets go on sale? Scooter said May. Its may...lol
off to the UWM Film Festival
My friend saw a rat in the subway drinking a milkshake. Follow his Twitter:
Thanks everyone for your support - I need to have a job by the end of June. The one I have now is contracted till then.
. Martz put our oline into some doomed-to-fail type situations. Audibles alone will be huge
I'm blessed with normalcy. People are so bizarre.
Lol..girls r funny. U actually think ur the only one he's dating. Be forreal. Hate naive people.
Does a poke on facebook constitute some form of cheating?
Haha Sure!! I will LOVE TOO!! Haha :)
you know here and there, i have #Legna #Promo goin on and tryin to gain followers plus working on #Legna books
Now I'm going to reminisce on my own videos. Sobs. Someone go to a show with me like... now.
I think Twitter has its own squadron of assassins b/c they kill people off daily...even if they're not dead.
I have to follow more ppl , ask for a follow back :)
Have a great idea for a CPG (Cyclical Power Generator). Any bites?
thank you! appreciate it!
TONIGHT! Rats vs Mob! RICC, doors Bout starts at 7pm. Last match before the Championship! You don't want to miss this!
I kno same here we needa "fly" again (;
If i ever write a novel there will be a girl always in sunglasses as a way of hiding.. Me? Yeah
hahahaha tell all your friends :)
I love you all so much. You guys have totally made my day. Thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Thank you for sharing our opening tonight!
I'm finally seeing that life can get good again...even after the worst of it. Moving through it through, can take a lot of help. -db
#BirdyCity is psyched to launch in 2 weeks!
I know same! I wish they would do it anyways. It won't rain... and in either case, I know I got an umbrella.
Partied too much over the Holiday? Come in for a therapeutic massage and leave feeling ready to take on the week! Go to www.massagedc.com
Where clothing is optional.
Some nights I'm scared you'll forget me again. Some nights I always win. I always win.
Men's self-improvement ends at toilet training.
Thanks for the follow! Your galaxy & glitterball shoes are gorgeous.
OGK (only God knows)
Looking forward to Open House event at today
I jinxed it. I made fun of the name Casper. Of course he hit a HR.
Is making me do slave labor on NYE? Shady....
It killed me when I first laid eyes on that thing, so I'm glad it was just tape. Maybe you could fashion a capo?
GAIN Plan is coming to iOS v3.0 as soon as it's approved. #Apple is reviewing again right now (for the 5th time).
Tune in to KSJS at Noon EDT (9 a.m. PDT) this Sunday 28 August as Deep Blue Organ Trio guitarist Bobby Broom is on "Straight No Chaser."
Just tapped, Colette Farmhouse Ale (replaces No Equal Sounder's Amber Larger)
send it my way!
God is so good thank u so much thank u you always come on time always
RT "Thank you" is a powerful acknowledgment. Say it soon. Say it often. And enjoy the power of acknowledgment.
Even if at the same salary, apparently TCU didn't care about the Forbes' reporting naming Johnson the 10th most overpaid MBB coach.
might think am DB, but am not DB:))
I dont see y its ur responsibilty 2 feed people in other countries wen we have plenty of starvin people in ur own
this is really exciting can't wait to see this wonderful ship
Thanks to Lehigh and Norfolk State my bracket is ruined!!!!!!
So excited for after work today!
Not to shamelessly plug, but our Healthscape Alliance is all about collaboration, not competition - please check us out!!
haha... At least the women's tennis players were cute.
Going to run out to the bike shop!
Better get your running shoes on.
a bicycle derby in a parking garage sounds brilliant. Wish I was town too...
60 minutes of national & local news & 20 minutes of which were commercials...switching to movies on DVD!
Gettin a trim
<U+FFFC>Nvr Blame A Day In ur Life Good Days Give u Happiness Bad Days Give u Experience Both r Essential In Life All Are Gods Blessings GoodMornin
Hilarious. I should have known.
awe Well still I'm gonna Fangurl! :D
it's insane isn't it? People are just amazed by how much he can eat. He's like the Duracell bunny..
No, but there will be a Humpty Dumpty devil-your-own-egg bar and sweet butter “Eat Me” cookies.
Wise words! RT : One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful...
Didn't make it to #heweb11 in Austin. Planning for #heweb12 in Milwaukee already.
if you are shooting color, C-41 process is REAL hard to screw up...but for paid work I'd always recommend a *real* lab, not Ritz
“: Though I suppose "'51 déjà vu, anyone?" would be more apropos.”// Got that right.
Paradise Circus. Coffee. Hope.
I wish, I had you helping me out.
Cuz you dont have swag RT : why couldn't you do that for me?
If your Jesus is Fighting against my Jesus? Then you got the wrong Jesus! Because Bride doesn't persecute Bride.
Check my tweets i Rt one with a link
Every time I grade finals I think "You had a week... 100% of the answers are straight out of the books/lectures... & left some BLANK? Wow."
he was changing into a smock for dissecting I guess but idk he is just really hot okay m
movie in the parks!
What are you doing in Dallas?
At the Range with James Bond! Simply Awesome!
I want you to myself I can't help it baby I'm selfish
Wonder how fast I can get through the past two issues of SLA's Info Outlook? The Feb issue looks particularly good....
teehee thats my pic from last night ^-^ I know when i saw this it made me proud xx
Good luck to my very favorite team today. #gopatsgo!!!!!!!!
should check out www.kmcamera.com!
oh baby i like it raw! RIP Ol'Dirty Bastard
RT RIP Adam Yauch of the legendary Beastie Boys...
Dude sitting at bar for dinner asks bartender "what is risotto?" Bartender looks at menu and says "Uh, not sure. It's really fancy tho." <U+E40D>
First draft of results section: done! Gonna proofread like a mofo and send it to my thesis adviser ASAP
I like that we're watching Alice in Wonderland because I wanted it, but I'm playing on my computer and my kid passed out from the busy day.
yippee! Giants and niners and raiders! Does it suck to hype whatever team the city you live in roots for?
I hope I can catch Fridays show!
so does mine. It always does...
<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> RT : Forgetting to smile is like forgetting to thank GOD for another day of life.
Thanks for the mention, Crowdvert. Have a great week!
Making a Summer bucket list because no life.
Got a preview of prez and CEO Keira Amstutz's commencement address for liberal arts students on Sun. Great speech!
Dong judge me! I'm a work in progress!
Fluke's friend had stopped taking her prescribed birth control pill because she couldn't afford it & it wasn't covered by her health plan.
How is the game going now?
Lots of great biz at #gmcc stop by our booth, say "I love money" and get a prize!
Is it just me or does "the river" look like anaconda?
I need somthing to do tonight!
Not an everyday coffee drinker but i am on my fourth cup If that tells you how my day is going!
it's okay. It will all work out!
smoke weed it helps
i get back from eating dinner and you werent live anymore. Not cool benker
Happiness is laying on Waikiki bch listening 2 the new album :) Eargasmic!
What is one of the adventures or trips on your "bucket list"?
OH OK. found it. Canucks and Penguins :)
Get up lazybones! Go make a difference in the world! (I say while eating eggs & watching the CW w/)
I guess its cool at idiots expense. ;-)
Sometimes the person we want the most, is the person who always wants someone else...
HEADSHOT TIP: Don't expect amazing shots for bargain prices. Being cheap will end up costing you more, so do it right the first time!
I'm moving to where I'll transition from fitting in to standing out.
you would think with pilot season over things would slow down,but i've had SIX auditions this week alone and started shooting the film REACH
Sushi, Mr. A's for sunset, and now Cucina Urbana. I am a spoiled third-wheel date!
one minute please! x
just saying. Lmao
too big and too varied? Yet another excuse to not get it done right
in 7 days and already chomping at the bit. Want to volunteer in gaming, setup, maybe sit in on a writing panel & realize I'm nuts
Done. Will probably go out for a few more later so those can be your also.
love both you girls so much!! XX
The first ever Grown Man Business music video will be online later today!!! (well..MAYBE tomorrow. Murphy's Law haha)
dear haters,NOTHING you say or do is worth my time
#Perfect,,Cody .S.
Online colleges aid you to blend your education into everyday life. Young/old professionals are opting for this option to grow more...
ima call up to my high school tomorrow to see what scholarships they givin out..
omg :[ you never hmu!
white outfit with green shoes, belt and hat.
Upper RAM limits for Windows 7 64bit OS. Starter and Basic - 8GB Home Premium - 16GB Professional, Enterprise and Ultimate - 192GB
a sad day for us all... RIP vintage kitchen aid ...
lol UGH! I hate you, bitch.
Photography by who was great to work with!
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen. ~ Michael Jordan
Hail it is Piers! We got this! Go
- 'you might need to bring some tissues down here, cuz clearly he's upset'
oh right..It is the last one! (rolls eyes)!
that was the big news? smh
wee do
Liked your post on stuff, smart new follower!
Wow, I hate my life right now. Forgot my money, so my dad had to pay>:\
To those taking the #ACT tomorrow for the first time i wish u the best of luck. Just know that Its long ass fu*k. Enjoy. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
really me to wtf ... Thats weird i thought u were someone from like cali jus wit nice quotes
That's horrible! I hope nothing happens to the one near John and D'Anne. I would be so sad.
Doing Great with a Kidney stone.
what time can you be at Becca's?
M! Drowning flautas and $2 cerveza! What a way to pick up this dreary hump day!!!
Great advice. Keep your eyes and heart on the target.....not success!
Always hungry. Like damn.
Bwahaha... ...it don't... ...but the mushroom head, is a diff story.
Happy belated birthday Christian! I couldnt message you earlier cause I didnt have my laptop. n_n Hope you had a great day!
Happy International Women's Day to the members of the and all women!
Life isn't fair, but it's still good
Looking forward to having your team in class! PRT : Signed up for Final Cut X via Can't wait to see how well it works.
Just realized TARDIS looks a whole lot like the teletubbies house. I'm waiting for Noo Noo to come tidy up.
enjoy it's a beautiful city!
anyone want a free song download:)?
I swear Chicago State will be the fucking death of me. I hate this place!
think that's what we call a therapist :-) or a mom!!
“: How do we ensure that admin are sound instructional leaders capable of evaluating a teacher? #cpchat #edchat” great ?
wow paul, that's some intense stuff right there. We need it in the weight room!
aw yal mite go do sum
Love isn't an emotion. It can produce emotions, but love is an action.
hahahah I just saw this.
Just made me a meal na its tyme to smash watch a movie n relax
your welcome!
yea send me the link
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
Yall Good Out There Today?
<cont.> because I've seen it happen before with Bill Gates & Whitney Houston after they died.
pretty impressive group
It tagged the RIGHT Jessica Tome on Instagram...idk the Twitter Jessica Tome lol
what did you break?
Nuggets VP of basketball operations Mark Warkentien is on with us right now...See what the Nuggets are thinking for tomorrow's draft.
Can you tell ppl to follow me , thanks a bunch :)
WTF else could possibly go wrong today!? FML!
#dontcry that I'm not there. Catch ya in Chicago!
Chris Paul, endorsed by Jordan brand, most unselfish player in the NBA, and when I wear his jersey people know MY name!
The lips of both men and women resemble the lips of the vagina
thanks : we cant wait for and on our #awesomehoneymoon !” woohoo
It's a lovely rainy day in sweet tejas. Perfect movie day!
Build week has begun! Check out coverage on Channel 12, 6 and 58
Orlando friends!! Catch me on Fox 35 Orlando's Good Day Show on Monday at 9am for the Summer Skin Series-Part 2! It will be life changing!
Satan portrayed as "the architect of secession" in American pop culture via letter envelopes. "The first secessionist was Satan."
A substitute for Sauterne cooking wine
thanks C! Gotta share it...
Video games. Making us talk even less! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I am in the worst of moods today!
bahaha keep me posted!!!! I wanna go!
You just can't handle other people's opinions. Not to mention that's the definition of ignorance, and then you are just controlled by her.
is blowin' up my phone! I love you Nate! Cant wait to see you on
Come for your fix, quick! Only 30min before we shut for the private event!
i want to order 3 ribeyes with Ron Swanson. that is all.
Who do you think is going to win the NIT Championship Game March 29? Follow us and RETWEET for a chance to win 2 tix to the game!
when is my world part 2 coming out???
: Thanks for the kind RT:-)
It's really exciting to see SSDs below $1/GB, but the real fun is going to happen once they get down to $0.50GB or $0.25/GB.
yeah buddy! Kings putting on a clinic in the post season!
Restrooms without foamy soap<<<
I do what I can with the resources at hand.
So Cloud 9 has cake-bottom ice cream cake...my inner fat girl is in love.
Loving it as always!! =)
yeah sounds good!:) will you be able to pick me up? My car is totaled from the hail storm haha
35 minutes of Tebow. Monday just got a little better =) Back to work....
Yup! It's RadioBedlam time! Grab Yr banjo or other noise maker and head on down, it's an #openmic Tuesday in
No worries, :) That's what we strive for (excited #drupal devs)
got some tracks I want to send ... You still spinning?
This person talking gibberish on Kanye's "Mercy" is too much for me
Off to the house again.
Bring a friend in to sign up for a Membership, and receive a $20 Gift Card in return!! This month only, so take advantage! HT Members rock!
Google's “Penguin” Algorithm Causing Havoc Throughout Search Marketing - Daily Disruption
Thank you for following! Looking forward to strange and wondrous things from you and Bubo ...
I absolutely loved hearing your Carver Songs sung by John Moore! I look forward to hearing more of your music soon
"Long childhood makes a virtuoso out of man, but it also leaves a life-long residue of emotional immaturity in him." — not erik estrada
ArianaGrande I nominate HaleyLPollard to be a general.
please, i love yoouu. i . need . food . .
Morning People!
We will be open on Thursday and Friday this week! Hope to see you in the store!
Thanks to for the ride, cake, and good conversation. Appreciate it mucho! Next stop: PNS by way of ATL.
30 More Minutes
Why does school exist?
science and religious exam tomorrow
Its lik I can detect whose a 2011 graduate and whose not.
Sorry for asking so many Q's. I'm new 2 ur site and lv it! I was wondering: Do you have a recipe for gazpacho? Thank you IGE!
Greatest 0-for-7 performance ever?
I said twitters, not tweakers!! Lol
Nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude... you better check that at the door!
ICONiacz VERSION OF CALL ME MAYBE: Hey I just met you, and this crazy. But here's a condom, Happy Safe Sex Wednesday.
"ASK & u will RECEIVE, SEEK & u will FIND, KNOCK & the door shall be OPENED" MATTHEW 7:7-8 & the church says-AMEN! Now apply it 2 u'r life!
No one smiles the way that you do
Hey Eagles! There's tons of snow and ! Perfect place to spend spring break!
While watching #lakings kick butt, flipped to Discovery where they were showing #goldrush in an ad. Can't wait till it comes back. 1000 oz!
How lovely, they're testing various kinds of alarms in my building today.
I can't stop listening say somethin <3
So I'm hearing a rumor that Hulu is going to force users to sign up for cable. I hope you have an out clause in your contact.
About to live tweet Policy Makers Panel: Connecting Campus & State System Planning in the Student Success Agenda
yes you are (;
Dear Acura... Why is it that you do not give at least one free oils change any more... Eventhough your vehicles are considered premium?!
I love that plan!
I can't im busy(:
bitch im me -so who da fuck is you
Come to Bliffert's Customer Appreciation / Anniversary event this Saturday 10-4. Fred Bliffert Live Concert at 1. Food,Raffles,Fun,Sales!
Yes, thanks--and you?
i will blow shit up if she does... maybe her too... she better not... ill be pissed...
Home just in time to watch the Packer game
OMG that is #epic RT : Bobby Petrino supporters ride motorcycles with blonde blow up dolls
I hate cereal. & any breakfast food.
would ebooks do away with the cost of replacing lost items?
Big #labor & #AFSCME victory in Ohio yesterday by defeating
It's Friday The 13th watch your back out there in the streets tonight! Be Safe!
Marvins Room (Mom Remix): F*ck those jordans that u want so bad, Im not buying them so ask ur dad. Im just saying u can wear sketchers lmao
I’ve learned… that you should always leave loved ones with loving words. It may be the last time you’ll see them
So jealous of karen.. I want to be Marilyn...
okay then why are you talking to me? Bye.
Last shift before I go on vacation. Come say farewell!
How do you have time to drink everyday all day #doyounotwork?
it's just really sick and disgusting.
That's great! Thanks :) RT : I just found gummy vitamins Finally I can consume supplements again thx to
Yes true, but it shows that they are people to, with opinions, just like us.
large hail & speeding winds?
yes let's! And thanks love!
just got your tweets. Hope the rest of your night was fun on Friday.
human poop man!!!!!!
Your #Weight is not as important as what the #Pounds are made up of
no I didn't but I've worked w/ this guy pretty much all year lol so I don't think he needs to see any more of me. Ha
PUMPKIN SPICE CHEESECAKE Ginger snap cookie, pecans, brown sugar crust with nutmeg, cinnamon and ginger spices
You're my blonde inspiration!
Had a fun day yesterday, wierd night and confused morning today....Life is fuckin crazy =P
The bbc's pride and prejudice is by far the best...
has a kicker ever been named #BCSChampionship game MVP?
Fun and jealous!! You MUST eat at LBS Burger - burgers and shakes!
finally got a closer in NY
happy to see that your replying to most of our tweets, well sorta?
So much is improved by collaboration (code, strategy, design). Could composition benefit as well? How would that work?
I'm not having good computer luck this week, but I guess it's training for my future career!
This is why I love baseball!!
very nice couple articles...discovering what I enjoy. I thought I wanted more business. I really want more fun in business.
I like da new Tony Montana video by Future. The nigga doin his thing, peace up A town down!!!
I would like to move at my own pace but God said wait so I will
oh no. Im gonna miss some of your live chat. D:
cut that shit!
Don't watch sports for one night and miss out on NFL draft, NBA seedings, and two awesome NHL. Never leaving the TV or a sports bar again
Finally last day of school tomorow! YAY!
ok lil pee pee
Esta Noche Live! That's what's happening. Get your Tix or Janies records. Come see a great show on 1/28/12
your The reason I watch the show! Btw love your boobs!(:
It's def a morning. Feel like this week is moving in slow motion.
Thinking about #oomf >>>>>>
Just added a new band to the list I wanna see at 2012. has alot if seriously awesome songs!
I can't believe someone would invest in anything Miller attaches his name to after THE SPIRIT.
Im def. hittin up the show in July.
LONG LIVE KRAMPUS
that's terrible!
Is 3 a plausable time to be in town for? then I walk back with you coz I going to nanas x
People need to learn when to SHUT-UP.
RT : If I speak, I am condemned; If I stay silent, I am damned..
If you dare not following me, I can't reply to the offer U just tweeted me about #Text set up
So I finally dined at Balena last night. It was amazing.
About to show this history paper what I'm made of.
yeaa that's how you spell it . And naa she leaving
Yall ever see that movie Friends With Benefits??
I like Tina Fey's peplum more than Michelle William's peplum.
Former GA Tech Associate Head Coach talks about the importance of confidence in the game of basketball. Listen here: goo.gl/Dif1F
#RulesInARelationship Don't Cheat
Reason 1200034973 why I love my wife: we can have in depth convo about the right way to eat a Chipotle boritto.
I know. My wife is the same way. I can never tell if she's wearing any or not. She's always beautiful.
#NowThatImOlder just a min. ago found out toothfairy isnt real my tooth got knckd out the othr nite drunkn bar fight
Good morning, Happy Hump Day!
lol I look forward to it
Watched #FoodMatters tonight. WOW. Making some big changes starting with tomorrow. Love your blog lots. Thanks!
Love is ridiculous :)
"Digital tools for the scientific endeavor" - Royal Society blog, on , +changing the way research is done bit.ly/AmKR1N
So there's that... RT Last hit: Single by Span w/ 2 outs in 3rd on Tuesday. (Note: He was picked off first.)
Good morning to our new followers:
you should do a late blog! :)
aww thanks for compliment :)
I'm just bored, wouldn't say depressed just bored
Thank you for your graciousness for the absence of the 'w' #pcbw rolls on! See you in about 18 hours.
Los Angelenos, The Doosh has a gig coming up in early June. FB fans get in Free!!!
It is, especially if you sleeping in it, speaking of sleep, bab tired, so goodnight boo, sleep tight x x x x x x x x x x <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665>
sandstorm reminds me of glow sticks
Foreal!!! RT : If my phone die in the restaurant, i will be looking for the nearest outlet
theyre diff 4 each school but topics r: anger management, career planning, family planning, personal growth& healthy relationships
Mutha fuckin fajita night! Then, new Dexter DVD!
what is life but a series of moments...
new account
oh hell no is the worst
San Diego, California Weather :: 61F OVERCAST WITH HAZE: 61F OVERCAST WITH HAZE
A big WPT congrats to the winner of the LA Poker Classic Gregory Brooks! Check out final table coverage!! www.wpt.com
Follow me follow me
Those men who call me bae or baby but we've only been talking for 2hrs..... DEAD
: love you girl <3
Bike date! Summer us here...at least for tonight!
we should go see titanic n 3D you are Jack and I am Rose, but I will NEVER let you go, lets make a happy ending
Inception still sucks
Working on episode 45 of the Ancient Art Podcast. Here's a teaser ... fish guts and hookers. Intrigued? No, not ancient Roman snuff...
Well of course I am ;) It took me a total of about 1 hr 30 mins to do this one.
And how is everyone tweeting tonight?
Determine ghd straighener If Dreamweaver Is Ideal For you
Guess I'm a asshole because I'm not easily impressed
--should obey one who is unarmed, or that an unarmed man should remain safe and secure when his servants are armed. Machiavelli
I love #SomeoneLikeYou covered by Set on reply for the rest of the night,
The #redsox will be rebranding themselves as the Red Hot Mess
If I die tomorrow, I want everyone to know I love them. My friends mean the world to me and I don't want to leave them ever
hey Nancy,how's the boys?our 2 are 5 1/2 now.can't wait to hear the new cd,hope to see you this tour too.Nannette Garrett
Thanks for the RT!
One thing we learned from Digging into Data: cleaning ragged data important to get at meaning.
angry at that moment
Pssst ... Are you getting hungry? Good! Because we deliver! Choose from AJBombers, Swig, Water Buffalo and The Soup and Stock Market!
You can download ARE YOU AFRAID OF THE DARK? on your XBox! How is that even *possible*?! Like, did I leave my Christmas list lying around?
Ok so I'm a guy ICONiac and that makes me gay? Well alright then u can say wat u want but I will neva stop supporting these amazing boyz
I got a chimichanga and some tv callin my name soon! Sad to see its 10:30 on a Friday night and my first thought is bed time
Is that the same thing as responsive design?
Steve Blake got a booger in his nose!
This One Republic commercial is only awesome if you're wasted. P.S. Why does Ryan's hair not move?
Merry Christmas!
Having 2 buses is better than none.
Which casting website (Actors Access, Casting Networks, Now Castings, Casting Frontier, Backstage) do agents and casting directors use most?
Why does Facebook make it so hard to mass defriend people you are no longer friends with?
#Replace1DSongsWithPaul Stole my Paul :)
FOLLOW ME AUSTIN MAHONE PLEASE PLEASE <33333
Studying for physics < everything else. ever
": your just lucky he didnt get a hold of you!" Lmao seriously you guys see his mug shot? Looking crazy!
Liberal education is "preparation for appointments not yet made" (frmr Brown Pres. Howard Swearer, via new Stanford study on undergrad ed )
Fuck partys! They're so fucking stupid and lame. Who wastes their time at them? I'm not down for this.... at all...
Thanks for the RT. So true!
No Prob Brugh, this is easy to like!
Have a great day my friend! Enjoy the BEAUTIFUL weather! :)
too bad #noguys! but husband still votes for
trying to learn fedora content models
the things I do for my body...
My fav part is he gets to the hoop with ease and then the next three possessions he jacks up three stupid 3's.
I can't believe youre gone :( why did everyone have to be so good this year !?
Zara! RT I need to find mint green jeans. Help?
#6WordSciFiStory - Never Forget, Robots Are Not Pets.
lunch was too good though i'm so full
making of SHOP video!
Good morning!
I don't know... 6am mtngs on east coast when my body is thinking 3am is always rough. Then there's hardly phased!
"'CNBC SportsBiz: Game On!' Draws 8,000 Viewers, Is One Of The Lowest Rated Shows On Television"
nice bro gl
love it! RT : "Apple without cheese is like a kiss without a squeeze!"- my grandpa
. There is also a very clear connection between weighing what players do, and coronary issues. What do you do? Weight limits?
People say they never wach pron's quit lieing every body waches pron one time or other..
my mama bought watermelon...
"C'mon Barry! Be bottom!" -
sounds like Sagu from has a slow leak
great bro how about u and urs
i plan to watch new show but my digital antenna doesnt get ABC, seems whole are has problem. so i m hoping that it ll be on hulu
florida has been lacking tours besides warped tour. take note please
Larry on 570KLIF 3:10 today! Talking luxury beds and living well
al pacino is a very sexy older man...loved him in jack and jill :)
will they momma go off on us lmao ?
Oh snap! I use that key combo all the time for screenshots and I never noticed that the pixel measure is displayed. Thanks!!
love u 2
I'm having one of those this semester as well. Hang in there.
i gotta catch up on sum juugs first i tol em ill hit em up
You look sad. It hurts you in the long run. I wish people understood. It's not my business but it's painful to watch and undeserving
If I wanted a bitch I'd get me a female what I want is a MAN !
Lab report for Science lol you doing anything?
Oh good, another Mizutani boot to download.
If I could just find a way to make it so that you were right here, right now.
- watchin full house marathon tanners go to disney world! This has to be one of my fav episodes! I love when steve shows up!
ON MY WAY TO MEMPHIS THEN CHI TOWN
Who is looking for an exit plan?
purple rain - prince
anyone use "shooting an elephant"? have resources but looking for other strategies
ostrich shaped chicks get no love.
OMG YES
niall i have a simple question! what does 'one four three' mean when it's sung in songs?
us too!
I know we have entered everyone and their mom's contests.
RT : Still looking life size after 25 yrs. Thanks for the great music!
Not the same - Christmas in Indy this year. Missed w-town for sure! Glad to hear you're doing great! Nice work on your closings!
Full from goodies! Omg I need to stop! Lol I'm getting bad:)
hm i doubt it ill have to look again
My level of respect for went through the roof tonight. He is truly an artist.
Don't forget to sign up for an interview
Not sure if he's deserving or would be any good, but Van Slyke would be fun...for a while anyway...I like the marlins manager
“: how old do would you have to be?” you can be any age and in any location. anyone who participates will be in the video!
love u so pleaae follow me
New day with a new mission in life lets get it
It is!
RT : BREAKING....VANESSA BRYANT was at the game waiting for KOBE in tunnel???????????? (she's always there w/ kids...)
living in a skyscraper, it can be very unsettling to watch the water in your toilet move back and forth during high wind storms.. really!!
Enjoyed meeting with the Metrotex Association of Realtors today.
syracuse! go orange!
followed for ya!
#Draping was fun for, like, a second.
it's kinda stupid. I barely use it. Haha. The application on my iPhone like eats up app my battery. Haha
Did you know that Saturday is National Platypus Day? Agent P is in the house this Friday!! Learn the Platypus Walk before the show!
Hoping my #united flight has tv so I can watch
RT : Cold as the
Go Bulls! Miami feel our wrath.
Please play Danny, Dakota & The Wishing Well by A Silent Film
I hate having to wake up to do chores
“: Why do the new McDonald's commercials make it seem like its exclusively for minorities?” I was thinking the exact same thing!
Haha. There's only what... 11 on varsity ?
One of many reasons Pastor Paul is rad: “: I've been talking to u about step 1 to having your own little Anakin!”
I hate when pills get stuck in my throat.
Baby gel does nuthing for my son but make his hair shiny
Thanks so much ;0
it can't?!
Excellent! Thank you so much!
So true!
Hey Steve, thanks for the follow. Congrads on all the awesome business success you've had with all the companies. Amazing!
so stressed out I cannot think
They don't happen to include round trip NYC-London airfare, do they?
Only 4 classes to go.
shut up I will
#sschat, Does any have key principles for portfolio design/curation for students? What are the three most important things to know?
What was ur fav memory of orientation: "TAKE ME ON A TRIP"
Let us come before His presence with thanksgiving; Let us shout joyfully to Him with psalms. -Psalm 95:2 via RT
but where's the snow..
By this time tomorrow, I should officially be finished with the 1st draft of my 2nd feature "Chainsaw Charlie" if anyone would like to read.
Have a good trip! RT : Heading to Baltimore for #ASA 2011
My little baby nephew just got out of surgery. He's good. :-)
Been out all day - recharging before seeing my #smgirlfriends tonight!
Im scared to sneeze
Why <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>RT : go take another nap <U+263A>
I hate being a girl.... why cant boys bleed for a week once a month.... :(
RT : A spokeswoman for Gov. Dayton said Dayton hasn't had time to review the Tax bill being considered in MN Senate.
One Direction, if Selena ever tries to make a move on you, YOU RUN. UNDERSTAND ME YOU JUST RUN.
yeah man god willing ad thanks for asking
how bad
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
Hahaha and the #Cubs take the L, that was a lot of fun.
Ball but it will be close!
he is garbage now. Woody gave him a chance he still comes out gunning. He doesn't get it. Send him to D League he sucks
Tonight I will be holding down the house at pop video located at Fez ballroom in downtown Portland!
It's time for a change of attitude.
haha its coo, I Luis where you from?
O how unbecoming... and thanks
That failed experiment when you try something new for your skin...and your skin reacts...negatively.
I called you today! txt me back when ya can
horses and car shopping for me!
Mike Brown let's see what u got!!
Five?!? Dang, that's uber-pricey spam.
RT : Objects in a museum don't have a place in the world without someone making use of that object. -
coyotes goin to the
Thank you Barton.
Girls fall i love with wht they hear.Boys fall in love with wht they see. Thts y girls wear makeup nd boys lie
Covered my short for a huge gain, back long before earnings.
Busy night fighting crime. Hanging out in front of the bars, checking out all the drunk hotties.
I walk around in circles when I talk on the phone.
Good luck to everyone else taking AP exams today!
Lived in GB and was a Gambler fan..now live an hour from Youngstown and am hopin to catch a game this week!
Keep me coming back for more <U+E106>
Pity Party, table for one.
"Okay, Miss Giovetti, I'm showing that you opened your account… today??"
I don't want to be here, what so ever.
that is good news eric- more room for Roseanne.
come home now, k thanks :)
BUILDING MY HOME STUDIO STEP BY STEP COMING SOON... DJ LASH YOUNG FLOW RECORDS...STILL WORKING ON THE RECORD LABEL NAME
The thought of leaving u.. now my heart is beating fast!
This will be a long day. Math competition in Henderson, then a tennis match in Jackson, followed by the academic banquet.
The 2 part SPOT test can be used to screen prospective employees & to gauge the need for company-wide ethical training/individual counseling
hola how r u ?
I see that my life holds great opportunity for joy and fulfillment.
I'm happy when I should be. I prefer to keep it real, but err on the side of excessive hope and joy.
Vampires or Zombies, and why? RT Vampires, because they are sexy....but not the sparkly, glittery, poser kind!!
Sure np.I'll DM it 2 u.The timer is pausing at certain times. I ended up in RM twice while trying to reboot.Used TU to get out.
lol i love you too(; i acually sent him that message too lol. <3
word thanks brother!
Agh! It's showing as a signing by Evil Wylie. I'll have that fixed. Problem with too many pseudonyms.
only if you have on guess jeans and a BUM sweatshirt
He who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder. M.C. Escher
More DC luv: + MANY more 4 a gr8 conference last wk thanks all!
RT : RT : Q1 Living or dead, who's someone you'd like to run with, and why?
Brewers are looking a little better, but must wake up bats.
I just heard Rella live. I'm done
Having dinner at Epstein's kosher deli in Greenburgh NY
I see it's on Murakami Takeshi. I was hoping for Murakami Haruki. Thanks, though!
Tonight! 99 to 1: How Wealth Inequality Is Wrecking the World & What We Can Do...-Chuck Collins w/
so when i was driving by the high school the fire alarm was flashing and i went to go look if there was a fire and then the cops came
When you see him speak, you'll understand why women twice his height find him irresistible
you know about the #LONDONFOG project he's doing w/ ? RT : precciate it. More in the worx w/
come on man!
NCAA East Regional games on Thursday. We'll have your drinks and meals ready whenever you stop on by!
Power out. Flashlight time.
Tom Krochock = New resident recording engineer at Jazz Central Studios in Minneapolis. Come be a part of the fun!!
Interesting. I haven't done so yet, but I found some wish list items.
YEEEAAHHH U CUTE!!!......BUT U AINT NO , SO BECOME ONE SIGH UP AT WWW.BOYSDOWNSOUTH.COM SOME ONE WILL CONTACT YOU ASAP!!!! LOL
My diet definitely went out the window this weekend
I hate how people don't understand my sarcasm over text. It's so fucking annoying. Ugh.
you have to admit we took a huge risk... I for one just want to see if the risk is worth it
Looks like Lebron forgot to bring his talents into Dallas.
<------ The major that she majored in don't make no money but she won't drop out her people will look at her funny . . .
#AfricanMothersDayGifts All A's in school.
UGH, in the kitchen goin HAM again <U+E043><U+E120><U+E33B><U+E33F><U+E341><U+E339><U+E147><U+E43F><U+E34B><U+E046>
WILL NEVER KNOW HOW MUCH I CRYED CUZ NOBODY WILL TAKE ME TO MILWAUKEE TO SEE HIM, I'D EVEN BUY VIP TICKET. I LOVE YOU CODY 1
I thought the life path from other profession to librarian only went in one direction :)
thank you!
Might as well
"Bring the machines up and out." - Brewster Kahle
Well see if you get anothervl phone call from me ever.
Where the fuck is my friend at???
yep! Read all the books and really excited for he film!
I didn't.
Congrats to all the excellence in programming award winners & thanks for your tireless efforts for #CitizenDiplomacy. You rock!
You Blooded B ?
Should I link the video of you curling?
Check this link for a nostalgic story about a familiar icon. Read an excerpt of Bergman, Rossellini, and Me: www.willowmoonpublishing.com
Good Morning everyone! You prayed yet? If you got time check out... ( www.myspace.com/djnlyte812 www.nlytesoldierz.ning.com/ God Bless
Just got a bloody nose in the middle of my linguistic test
Happy new years everyone<3
Can't lose what you never had, can't keep what's not yours, and can't hold onto something that does not want to stay.
I'm totally in for the night. Lol
how do u even get the balck one?.... and i need to be verified
The angry bird on the Space Needle looks a little nipply.
For those with finger tattoos: Is the ink still looking good? Or is it bleeding from time?
you got a problem with doing something with me?
planing this outt...
‘Abdu’l-Bahá is at the Plaza Hotel greeting visitors. He gives an impromptu talk on America's place in the world.
Ron Jeremy need to get an autograph lol
My Lil Momma & I just finished pushing like a grocery kart. I just LOVE shopping for food :-P
Andy hunter baby!
did someone say PIE?
Fjsjagdjalalfhjdjdlala sounds like its gonna be good!!! I CANT WAIT!!
Haha! I love that!
But at least Chile beat Paraguay and I had much-needed directions and company via cell phone
I want to, but my moms try a make me stay :T she thinks I wana stay cuhs of my friends-.-
Tweet tweet tweet
“: mornin Cousin....” good morning cousin, what's going on in Savannah??
depends on the situation. RT Are you sure? RT : absolutely nothing. RT What do you do when you don'
going to look now
I love u so much!! ur my hero and inspiration <3 Please come back to VA ASAP!!! Its my dream to meet u!!
such is my life.
Getting a new roommate!! Woo!!!!
Happier hour begins in 30 min.
isn't that why it's called a reality show?
yezzir we'll be pouring up then
Im at Macondo on 157 E Houston
Looking forward to my birthday, already know what gift i want ;)
how is you gettin there....thought so
Hey again, the video is once again live. Thanks in advance for sharing!
I am just obsessed with #TabathaTakesOver My favorite showww
I love awkwardly "chicken-heading" around to see how many people I can make look in the same direction as me.
no one believes this guys bull shit anymore
If you like Tamales, we've got a suggestion for you ;)
Just seeing the goals of the Pens game, you can obviously tell if you make a mistake against the Pens, they will make you pay for it.
no trades on the table. unless its for me
have fun mcing! Can't wait to hear about it.
you are so welcum you having a sweet 16
you're very welcome, Alex!
i know huh
": sophie , go fall in a hole of fire ants ." Aww Noo D=
Prob bout to think hard bout dis I wanna go back
Thanks for following! Looking forward to reading your timeline as well. Adam
gotta laugh to keep from crying... Story. Of. My. Life.
The weather has been great the last couple of months. Don't know why we have such bad timing.
If I Could Rele Wish For Anything Id Wish For To Follow Me!(:
DHS IS A FUCKInG JOKE, i get suspended for asking a teacher to get outa my face?! I swear to god i hope karma gets MS jepsons as
what's good
I should workout today....but I'm bein lazy! :D
WHAT A DAY! NOW ...i gotta go in the studio and finish up some more tracks
a quote
Dear 2010: We had some good times, but you were mainly full of awful. Don't let the door hit you in the zero on the way out.
Dear , thank you for all that is good
Alchemist is one of the dudes I look up to the most, when it comes to making beats
Taquan Dean says LeBron "falls off the face of the earth" in the playoffs. Ironic, seeing as how Dean has done nothing relevant post-college
I miss my vinny
Put It In My Video 'IS' my theme song for the night...and last night too
How many Undergrounds/rail lines do you have in the U.K.?
Better to be hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie
you are welcome!
And stood outside the celebration, still looking upset. This could be bad.
Yes - McMenamin's is opening a hotel at the Crystal and if you stay there - they will let you in to sold out shows. How bout that?!
Looking for boutique owners...Trying to expand! Getting so many online orders!
I never knew Twitter loved Presidents either. Whatever.
I have exactly a week left!!!
At a casting for "very tall women". I think I'm going to recruit for a basketball team while I wait.
HOW OLIVER OLSON CHANGED THE WORLD by Claudia Mills #bookaday Love this book and its message about thinking and change!
I asked My mom what a 'Reciprocal' for math was, and she said," Reciprocal Aqreements?" I said," Whaa?-Its for MATH." Then she said"Oh."
You can't look good and get better at the same time. Randy Gage
Beards don't have emotions. Unless Chuck Norris, manliness, and rock-steady soul crushing strength are emotions.
Bullshit dont stick. I stay free
#smokerssuck Cab color or number? Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
@@@ if you love the NBA follow me because ik i like it
If Warren Buffets secretary donated 99% of her income as he does she would pay much lower taxes than him.
Congratulations! We hope you enjoyed it!
Ugh suck my dick -.-
I'm watching Juliet and Cee Lo enjoying a little nip squeezing!
so sweet he gave lou lu a nice little free bath!(:
After the Suggs injury I don't know if I like the fact that Ed Reed is taking batting practice at Camden Yards right now.
Tony,wasnt meant to be,but sure would be nice my Brother to have you in the Mix with this new Oline in Steeler Nation.
Fundraiser today & Boardwalk Empire tomorrow! Life is good!
New web series premiering Monday! In collaboration with Radio Happy Hour!
Keep on believing that b.s I'm sure it makes you feel comfortable in a scary, scary worried.
Charlie murphy!!!! DARKNESS!!!!!!! lmao
sure!! I will be at the kitchen at 10:00.
Thanks again and right back to you
Music, humans oldest form of expression
No matter how nice it is nobody still ever wants to do nothing
: Back at ya!
Currently reading up on the Research Works Act - has ALA/SLA/ARL taken any action on this yet?
they should put one of those outside of hollywood
Willow Smith shaved head at ballet class
Where are you headed?
Niggas forget just because I'm a business man that I'm a nigga from Jersey and I might say some real shit from time to time !
<U+2752> Single <U+2752> Taken <U+2714> Mentally dating the whole band of One Direction.
I agree
I think I see in Thai Dee.....
Found the Margaritaville Island Lime Tequila at Kelly's. Thanks.
I'm a veteran when it comes down to having bad things happen after another. I'm still standing <U+2693> strong.
Wake the fuck up and do something.. stop sleeping your life away
ha! I would pay to see that!
Get some rest.
The purposes of the Almighty are perfect and must prevail, though we erring mortals may fail to accurately perceive them in advance. Lincoln
so many similar prayers
If the first piece of advice from any life coach isn't avoid bears you're being scammed
Thanks for the RT :)
Hitting the books and doing some #immunology like a
Fuck you starin at? You ain't never seen a housewife with a mugshot!?
BLACK FRIDAY SALE: 50% off electronics, 10% off furniture, BOGO FREE Christmas items, and buy $10 of full price clothes, get $5 free! 11/25!
Thanks to the Monon Center, Excell for Life and Legacy Christian School for using our services this weekend! It was a pleasure serving you.
“In today’s political climate anything requiring a more than 2 sentence explanation can be shot down by a 1 sentence lie.” — Jonathon Gruber
Manning to the Broncos. Let's say a prayer for Tim Tebow.
Shocked to hear about Paterno but at the same time; No one should be ignoring sexual abuse, that's the same thing as saying you don't care.
Less than a month until my return to with and
Impossible to say 'I wasn't talking to you, without sound rude...
#iusedtothink that finding some success would make life easier...! It never gets easier, but it does get a lot more fun.
CHALLENGE ACCEPTED.
RT not having a car is pure torcher <U+2190>
minnow eat til he pops. crunchies x2/day& whatever else he can get his paws on. caught him trying to open cookie jar 1 day!
You won't feel your age as long as you focus on your dreams instead of your regrets.
ah I'm so excited to go to In 3 weeks... I'm counting down the days!
Just spent 3 hours gardening. Wonderful, but I'll be sore tomorrow!
Smile it takes more muscles to frown :)
Is that related to the 6-degrees separation theory?
Shorter .: "Jesus totally screwed up when he gave people fish....he should have taught them to fish instead."
Slightly more than halfway through Freedom! Finally. I love it but my next book will have to be a quick read.
Got makeup remover in my eye and now it burn....ouchies
:)! i hope you have an amazing rest of your day!
bro if anything im single as fuck and none of you women are my girl so lmao idc about wtf you want you just another human being
great auction last night...thanks ABQ community for supporting us!
Chris Webber is scared to play with Ryan Hollins.
Congratulations to aka Glenn Adams our official Member of Blackstreet!!!! &
I mean, the 90's weren't bad.. But still #Go60's
Yes! definitely!! it would be awesome! should follow me (:
Alas, we are unable to make it down for this one :( Good luck, though - sure to be a blast!
: If 'quietly judging people in public' was a paid job, I'd be rich by now.
RT : AZIMA Event Tues. May 3rd - Customer Acquisition from Organic Search featuring Vanessa Fox :
I Love You
said she doesnt drink any more she said she's a #domesticatedHoBag now ; p
You're welcome! : )
Exactly--I'd take it! :) Plus now we know how great Buffalo is!
Travis, you're my everything, i'm still your little girl. I miss cuddling with you on the couch on saturday nights. </3.
Happy Thanksgiving! Post on our wall and tell us what you're most thankful for this year!
Sometimes you need to just let go. Like when you have been picking out red peppers for fifteen minutes. I fucking love grocery shopping.
omfgg. I just saw this guy who looked exactly like <3
Coming up in a little bit on News8 my story on San Diego Hospice and how you can help with their mission of mercy..
The Chariot and Billy Corgan? I think not. That's like Jimmy Page being on a Miley Cyrus record.
Well since your reading this, you might as well shout me out? :DD 3
“Technology activism needs more than ‘diversity due diligence’ - the game needs to change, as does the leadership.” Deloney
3rd #OccupyPortland arrest in Jameson square. This has been interesting to watch
You are such a doll! Enjoy them! RT : Purchased amazing new earrings from today!
40 Year Old Virgin , my French teacher. Oh wait never mind shes 50. O.o
I will!
Wishing everyone a fantastic evening at the
#IndieMusic Stream: The Walkmen – “We Can’t Be Beat”
I love so much... Her and are my best friends <3
Watching a band called Sons of Sancho. They're great!
Lindy Fix on the Road 5:30 tonight at the Comfort Zone Cafe on Elmwood! Lesson by Rob and Alaina with DJ Rob!
I love eating lucky charms and saving all the marshmellows for last :')
I love Michael Chabon. I too believe he's incapable of writing a boring sentence.
Honestly I knew nothing. I just enjoyed it all! Cotto=Gangsta but Mayweather was so fast! RT : who you going for?
...oops I didn't mean to make that
Lets party.
Woo-Hoo! Got my tix to see !!!
You are more than welcome. Thank you for a most thought-provoking read every time I pick it up...er... open it in Adobe Acrobat. :)
Will be calling u within a few days. Happy New Year!
Need 10 more volunteers to stuff runner bags for the 9a-2p this Saturday. Contact ASAP to sign up!
I miss watching stargate!
Going to the pool with (:
What up twitta i missed y'all :-)
Happy Easter!! Thankful Jesus died for us... But more thankful He rose and lives today.
Awesome. Thanks. Now to get #maddow to deliverance country.
thanks for all the POVs. Helpful!
#pretty_little_liars r u ready to see the real me bitches? -A
acoustic stuff and idk, it's very different!
Thank God for Good Friday!
Thank you so much to everyone who came tonight! <3
“: ": watching Maury with this cheating ninja" u gonna be on there” why would i be on there
Just saw a punk kid with a real life cat riding on his sholder as he walked up the street.
I'm assuming you were too polite to tell them to shut the hell up while they were devouring you.
All right, Jazz Folks-- the countdown is on for Jazz Stories ((TONIGHT))! Milo Jaramillo's gonna turn it out. We're ready!
“: BREAKING: Three-time World Series champion manager Tony La Russa announces his retirement.” what
"Thank u so much for coming with me." "yeah I'm so selfish, i get to hangout with you."
Everyone has the most self confident twitter names lol
I am on a panel with discussing our #Ofrenda project with I don't know if it's public.
#levilowrey is an all-american son of bitch.
you can trade the VIX, with the symbol VXX. but be careful the VXX does not move exactly like the VIC
It does the body good. RT I feel Rocky Mountains restored. Colorado, you are a creative well-spring. Can't wait to come back!
#NoteToFriends: The passenger seated behind me represents the annoying -ing verbs: munching, fiddling, & snoring!
well you said "NBC ending 30, Community and Parks and Rec each getting a short ending season" Doesn't make sense?
Congrats Chris....just keep Mondays free!
oh where do u live?
Dying for food
#Knicks Lets start fresh next year
"March Madness" starts today and we aren't talking basketball... Stay tuned for a special offer!
“: I am mostly on the #KU side because of Blame him” you reek of denial.
It's 30 degrees you guise.
The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch. – Jim Rohn
I noticed I don't have no dance muvs... I can only muv the top half of my body... Lol!
That is a bold statement. I know how much you live your TaB.
Penalty called on Paul Emerick. Japan setting up for a kick.
Thanks to BOD member Gig Chinisci and son David for a fantastic presentation to the Alb Acad Community Builders!
"Assessments" are simply not fun.
most things are hard, that's why you have to work at it. I feel like if everything were easy the world would be boring u know?
you are not alone! :)
Ok, so I can't tune a piano, but I can definitely tuna fish.
Haha graduation. I'm mentally burnt out.
Follow back ( :
quiet down sister
hell yea she just living life at this point .. Pops made that possible for her ..
Don't forget your roots, It was #geeks and #designers who early-adopted Twitter. Not Charlie-fucking-Sheen.
You're a loser. ;)
Romo has decided to take Wally's advice and not try to qualify for the US Open. Comment below
This is embarrassing.
dude calm down
Where the heck is my peeps
Sometimes there is no next time, no time outs, no second chances. Sometimes it's now or never (remember that)..
haha. Maybe if you posted a youtube vid of your Accent, that'd help?! :)
I need to talk with you about a film I'm releasing this spring/summer:
THE ALL NEW 2012 CHECY VOLT! Now powered by butterflies and Pixy Dust!
likin that hook. Real nice
psttt.. we get out of school May 25.
I'm planning on only carrying $20 with me at all times.
where the fuck u was at after the party?? I was looking for ya
yessir, I am. Feeling good. Thanks for asking :)
Hey tweety tweet fam you can look me up on Facebook by looking up Angel Buckmire. D.O.C.'s fanpage is D.O.C. "Disciples of Christ"
": Winter is coming. I cannot freaking wait"WINTER?? Must Be excited about something!
what about Reggie miller?!?!?
Can't wait for the game Sunday...Go Boys!
Good morning followers...
POKER NIGHT Tonight at Lo Cash. The last few weeks have been full of winners.
AlabamaFollower So I just found this website to grab a grocery #coupons. All you need is an email
I think it was a pellet gun. Penetrated the shell buy not cleanly through. Anyway, I didn't want it to rust.
Ready to make the day my bitch.
Gotan Project in the background as I am catching up on work:)
Are the announcers watching the same game??
My Voice is back! Bring on the recordings! :-)
thanks for the follow! we hope you are as excited as we are about the clothing line coming out! =]
on my way to work
wat up fam? i see you dj and im looking to have a few records broken so get atme fam
Baby, can i be the one you call when you're tired of the lies & the truth is all you want to hear ?
It takes 20 years to build a reputation & 5 minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you’ll do things differently.
All men who have achieved great things have been great dreamers. ~ Orison Swett Marden
haha well gtg, waking up early
LOVE day games! Where will you be watching the game?
No real reason to be happy as I am that #Bruins are out of the #nhl playoffs...but I am nonetheless! :)
perfect!! Can't wait :)
awesome! That sounds like a fun one!
sup man,not sure u rmbr me, luke waters friend. met u in p-cola. keep up the good work for the lord. congrats on a good yr.
At 30 Rock to appear in moments & talk about #wherearethewomen going in 2012
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
Sometimes I look at my friends and think to myself, "Where did I meet these crazy people?" But then I think "What would I do without them?"
the bond me & my little brother have >
Thanks for the RT, Sir!
Today a student thanked me for giving him the graphic novel Stitches by David Small a couple of years ago to read. It is his favorite book.
I KNOW. god
i have a camera!!!! who knows editing?
Can't imagine how I could be mistaken for the lovely BTW, will be so excited you're out there.
Tonight's win in NY26 has more to do w/ braisen GOP tactics to cut #Medicare than Dems vision. Good news - voters won't tolerate
I'm losing my voice
Chris Singleton is tied (in a lockout-shortened season) w Rasheed Wallace for 5th most rookie starts (51) for #Wizards/#Bullets since 81-82
Damn you don't like Lebron do you
I'm done smoking. I swear on everything.
Sad to learn (belatedly) of the death of Christine Brooke-Rose. I sometimes teach Amalgamemnon alongside Ulysses
ok, now i like
Ahh, I knew I should have gone to Central Park today. Maybe I would have seen Taylor Swift. Darn
#thingsblackpeoplesayinarguments Don't do me... (black woman), Aw you got me fucked up (black man) lol
Too much social networking can deprive you of a social life.
on my way to Boston now but I will be back in the city on Sunday
Love handles not so lovely? We can help! Body Wraps are buy 2 get one FREE throughout January.
#avengers was a great movie but I'm never watching a movie that's packed with people. Please stop talking
...you remembered me
Big day of moving hundreds of pounds of books. I know I'll be feeling this tomorrow... At the Skill Share Fair!
Linda So has new info about the warehouse fire in Canton if you live nearby
I understand now why our health is so closely tied to the quality of our relationships.
we have video on YouTube search iCandi twerkteam
I would like to wish everyone . . love peace and hair grease.
niggah I created sarcasm
Working on several great projects for -- she's got some really exciting things coming up so make sure you follow her!
how is it so far???
TORNADO WARNING: ADAMS, SCIOTO, LAWRENCE, GALLIA COUNTIES
Follow back?
“: When do I meet Tom Hanks? #train #polarexpress” most likely when you become a cartoon...
already 7 chapters into the hunger games.. I may be over sooner than expected for the 2nd book ;)
todays my last day of freshman year!
Both Canada's Wiarton Willie & USA's Puxatawny Phil seem to agree! Racetweeps are getting an early spring. Bring on the season!
Strega waterfront @ Boston's fan pier an absolute must !
I love relationships that the couples arnt just eachothers lovers but r eachothers bestfriends u can talk about anything and etc
Now in need of a Saturday night spot. What venues are needing a Dj?
Hm. I thought the warning is always an understood...
Good: figured out how to fix story. Challenge: involves completely rewriting it. Time to get on it...
I'm opening up for Kix Brooks Thursday night at the Cotton Eyed Joe! Whose gonna be there? ;)
People gossip, its up to you whether you want to hear it or not.
seems like a really chilled person. if i ever get the chance to meet him i will try to have an actual conversation. :)
Hey, i know i haven't talked to you in a suuuuppperrr long time. But, what's Crystal's #?
#YouKnowYouBrokeWhen you can't afford anything at 99 Cents store
First day of 2012 and I've laid on the couch all day...i call that a win.
He has inside jokes with complete strangers...sounds like the to me #MostInterestingMan ad on TV
RT : Ah, movies were added to iTunes In The Cloud as of yesterday. That's the missing piece of my puzzle. [oh, very yes…]
I can't come tomorrow sorry love! Probably Wednesday though.
I can work as part of the crew too. But I don't get back to LA until the 16. But anytime after that I'll work on anything
never :p
aww haha. I couldn't really handle any of it & got into the room late, so I didn't really have time to learn it.
Huge, hip crowd downtown at Dwelling Spaces gallery exhibit. Makes Tulsa feel like a ...city
Jay n B's security guard looks like Montell Williams' nephew. I'm finally not the only fly in the milk
The art of running for President is to work super hard but make it seem like this is all second nature to you.
Christina s a beast
right LOL we already had this convo before its all good I am to lowkey we can tease each other
What an awesome day honoring the dads in my life. Love you, ! You're the best dad a mom could ever want for her kids!!
Spending weekend with Amy my love! In
If you decide to reface rather than replace your cabinets, be forewarned: Doors and drawer fronts account for the greatest expense.
The time is near save big and join!!
Thanks, I'm pretty sure it will be an enjoyable event but unfortunately out of town for the weekend. Inform me on next event.
and just like that....#Presto 6,700 = b
lol ur a trip. I'm gonna hit your line later on in the afternoon. Got some funny stuff to tell you lol
We are meeting at the office bout 6 I guess so shortly after that. Damn so early! Ha what about you?
I am starting to get really bored with all my hmwrk
It is safer to search in the maze than to remain in a cheeseless situation -Spencer Johnson (Who Moved My Cheese)
I want to be friends with all of the SNL cast members. And the girl that sings Pon Pon Pon.
pemny for the
Bike arrived Fed Ex from Annapolis, unfortunately my iPod never made it home!
I hate havin things Otha ppl got so order now #parleblaque...difference is key
lol ok I'm chill lol and which picnic????
My neighbour asked if he could use my lawnmower and I told him of course he could, so long as he didn't take it out of my garden.
I'M ON A BOAT MUTHAAAAA FUCKAAAAA.
“: When you don't do it all of the time, DJing becomes extremely fun and rewarding.” word of the wise
oh no problem babe!
I hear that : i need sum entertainment in my life
Sjcidhejciwgwbidg . Twitter won't let me follow people :l fudge.
tomorrow i will come back
": Your skinny body doesn't fix your ugly face. #lifeofaprincess"
$2 loose cannon drafts like your neighbors upstairs Otherwise I'm going upstairs every time!
Glad they went to a good home RT : We got the last 2 pints of Founders KBS FUCKING YUMMY! Also,
Thanks for the RT Dana. Enjoy your coffee :-)
Watching some crazy stuff on ac360, perception of others handed down by parents can often affect a childs world view for life.
- I'm glad you like it!
Bootstrap has definitely saved me a ton of time on certain projects. And people seem happy with the neat, clean look.
It really bothers me when I hear another Christian say that the Bible isnt 100% correct or that man translated it so there are errors
$SNSS is my focus trade, DD it.
Headed to First Friday receptions at the #Dupont art galleries. Anyone else going?
hey did you know France had >80 million tourist last year? Dubai wasn't even 2nd, china was
C.j., Tavares, Christopher, Derrick and some other people
aid agencies as 'pornographers of death'
Oh shit!! I didn't know that! Thank you for tweeting lol! Btw, How did you know that???
Sometimes when Guns N Roses comes on the radio I sing along in my Cher voice.
These some messy folks...had to get out fast before I had a panic attack!...hate dirty/messy houses!!!!
Item one: attending an opera - I'm going tonight (this is only *sort of* cheating since I started making the list yesterday)
Rise n shine
If it sounds to good to be true walk away
I done left my glasses in the trap
You might be my ex-gf, but i'll still love and respect you. No matter what. You would always be on my mind. I'd still talk to you.
yay!! I got them for Christmas!!(:
glad you liked the presentation on AR! unfortunately no windows phone version in the works for this prototype :(
So jealous!! However, I get to watch my beautiful daughter sleep :)
That's Queen Bitch to you!
I found a couple things that we have in comment we both have back tucks and in the summer were both really dark
wow! How can we forget about the Louisiana Purchase
stillness moving is a sermon/on an incorrectable name
girl u crazy
did u get a new #
britney spears and demi lovato signed on to be on x-factor. by far the best day for that show since it was called 'american idol'
Short Sales are hoppin today.!!!! Thank you Jesus!! Thank you Bank of America!!
Bookmarklets + keyboard shortcuts are just so cool. Yes, yes, I know, welcome to 1995...
heey, can you follow me?(:
Having Justin Bieber re-tweet you a couple of times and give you credit for pulling a prank with him is powerful stuff.
thanks to what you do, that deal was done. Lets hope these types of partnerships spread. Here's to many more!
RT : Find pea shoots at several markets this winter. Muddy Farm, Abingdon or Gajeski on
If I can't go to Austin's concert I will cry
No reason for me to watch this game anymore, OKC did what they needed to do tonight. Can't say the same about BOS :( Oh well. Good night <3
Two 15-minute halves.
Holly Kirsten is playing tonight starting at 6:30pm
Still playing hard to get I guess she wants me to #chase put on my Nikes on & just Do it
but it was only just a dream~~
Thanks! We were mighty proud of that one!
Wow! The peeps at have some amazing, robust video streaming products.
N C STAAAAATTTEEEE!!! NC STATE!!!
RT : "Uncertainty underscores the need for leadership"
I'm listening to the new and HOLY MOLY, check out the vocabulary on this guy---> cc:
Sorry about that about that we got to the maxnumberof follwing so we had to unfollow some people but wejustfollwedyoubac:D
Since 1990 only 13% of NFL teams that start the season 0-2 made the playoffs. Which 0-2 teams this year could still make the playoffs?
full day at Baltimore City #archives and I know as much as I did last week; not enough to prove my
RT : #Leo who will hug you until you stop crying when you get hate from the paparazzi/directionators - Harry
If you figure out a way let me know. We're on iTunes via - someday iTunes will make it easy to make an artist page
No cameos of or on Undercover Boss though.
#HolyShit GOOGLE ZERG RUSH AND GOOGLE WILL EAT THE PAGE!
My Johnnyboy is sexy. Don't care what anyone says.
Who is going to see Eric Church and Brantley Gilbert live tomorrow night?!
As a VFX artist, I've worked on mustaches, foreheads, armpits, stoner eyes, 5 o'clock shadows, guts, butts, and zits to name a few.
Plumber's rhyme 2 avoid frozen pipes: 26 degrees/more than 4/will burst the pipes/more & more. Only need to recall 2/3X per yr in
yes. But also just general Gtown browsing. Bfast at Leopold, now at Cafe Milano. Will walk off calories at French Market.
Course Evaluation Q time! Does yours ask about *technology* in teaching? If not, higher ed CIOs are missing a data gathering opportunity.
Men wearing shape-wear... should be illegal.
sure that's fine like when you hit Ohare let me know
Why not planes have a huge parachute, so that it can be opened when a plane crash is inevitable?
EarthLink Announces First Quarter 2012 Results - MarketWatch (press release)
Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday.
I think Beavis and Butthead just called in. RT :
Participating in Women's Water Day for church-- It's gonna be a battlefield in about 20 minutes!
Roses are red, violets are blue, sugar is sweet, and so is my semen.
Such A Cutie Right <3
Actually I think it would be sign of the Too On The Nose Sign.
my john? Lol
thought I answered that lol better than this morn. headache is starting to go away. ate some soup from the chinese restruant
Attending the NCDA CDF Advisory Council Meeting in Dallas, Texas
I hope "Duck, Duck, Goose" is alive on the pitch! Get the first tackle off every kick-off and dedicate them to me. xo
My cute ass sick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
We still can't decide whether one of the photos is a particular aunt or one of her uncles in drag. Fabulous either way!
Wonder wut Tedy thinks defensive players mindset is with so many yards given up How would he feel if he was still on this squad?
so true, so true.... same with the human one :)
LOl! Idid mean "cool". I don't cook either, except for the dogs. Right ?
That toddy was ridiculously awesome -- thank you!
Hank: Can I order a couple, and come up for pick-up? I've been meaning to check out your and Gideon's set-up.
ok so first fucking YouTube won't upload my stop motion and now they took all the audio out of my vlog what the hell?
you played that room like a fiddle!
One of my favorite days to see old friends, hear bagpipe music, and see some Irish dancing!
I'm going to try it soon. I can take some pain.
They like eachother?:o didnt see that coming..
Here's an idea: lawyers restricted to Twitter format when making their arguments. I miss my life.
Thanks for the mention We loved Cambodia!
thank you..lol :)
We are hoping to get a sponsor for a fundraiser party we're having, then we'd feature their beer in the film.
I miss canada :( but nyc is amazing I can't deny it.
Goodbye Blackberry... Hello shitty ass iphone... Again <3
Getting settled in to my new job at GSA - loving it!
Fuck them bitches.
comment from colleague "they're probably not having a meeting like this at the Googleplex"
Happy birthday!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I missed your message earlier... But good luck on funding for season 2 :)
so what's up with you not speaking no more?
What do you use to check a shortened URL before clicking? thanks
All sugar alcohols are considered to be 2 calories per gram or 50% of the calories of sugar or starch. Erythritol is only 5% or Zero Calorie
um ok ok
- congrats!! we are so proud!
Outreagous Records Stank Productions need you to HELP !!! us gain Meech Dogg more fans tell someone Meech Dogg JUICED UP on youtube
Thanks Tom! We are excited and honored to help facilitate. It's a win for and a win for buyers/sellers around the world.
nf follow back
Sometimes 140 characters is woefully insufficient. But ...
OK, I'm constantly losing the war with my inbox. What tips do you all have for taming your #email? I really have to get better about this.
Getting close to a solid marketing strategy for a potential restaurant client. Their food is great, marketing needs help.
Leave your mark at next Sunday's #NorthPark Festival of Arts by signing the book of art! It’s 8 ft. tall & full of artwork!...
On the phone with <U+2764>
loves being home with the people that matter most
Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity. ~Horace Mann
that's awesome! Love u too! Miss u!
Did they not see the episode of The Sopranos when Christopher took drugs and smothered Adriana's dog?
That ends the event. Thank you to our speakers Olivier Nduhungirehe of Rwanda and H.E. Stefan Wallin, Minister of Defense of Finland!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>The way my face look right now
Today's #Facebook app update is nice, can now like individual comments... Getting there one day at a time!
The way these niggas trickin, you'd think everyday was halloween.
What's a elegant tweet for, "The first (short) climb was so hard I bailed on the (longer) second climb."
More and more, lately, I keep thinking, "I should be writing this down."
Not that you're biased or anything RT FUN FACT: If Aceves is pitching at almost any other ballpark, Bobby V is an idiot.
Yeah, sadly I'd be the one who's like did anyone see? And if they did, I'd turn red all over with embarrassment.
Station Casinos cater to rthe locals and have much more beside gambling to offer.Good long term prospect.
Anyone have a nice replacement for Instagram?
I never laugh so hard as when my dad and my uncle are together
The next nine months, until a new season of #Dexter starts, will be very long indeed.
Great job PDB. Thanks for all you do.
You see what Farmar said? LOL now he's trending on twitter
Storm moves into NorCal. Bringing in wood for warmth of hearth.
Just another case of Juan being Juan living in his Juan world. You were quite insightful as always.
Do other library peeps find Mendeley's citation info extraction somewhat lacking in precision too? Do you note this in a library tutorial?
Pax et bonum! - Peace and salvation!
How many of y'all up on Instagram? show me
AND . . . holy fucking shit people, I'm not even joking - just got a call, my grandmother passed away last night.
I wonder why god gave atleast like half the talent in the music industry...
"sandwiches and sex? I want that!".
Going to bed
True. Francis Scott Key is now trending. Lol.
Loves getting off subject in class to a point where were all making machine gun noises
has officially moved to #1 on my favorite band list!
in speedway its 4.50 no joke
Food: "FINISH ME!"
you used to follow me! #depressed that you UNFOLLOWED!!! :(
nice work!
Have any plans for Sunday? Stop by Lake Claire at UCF for the Knight-Thon Spring Kick Off! Sunday, February 12th from 11am-3pm.
or snapping a pic for a new avi lol
Hm, you're not missing much so far.
he's definitely qualified!
'80s. So it goes.
we've had our tempurpedic for 5 years or so. Was a big purchase but have loved loved loved it!
I'd love to, but I'm down 10 lbs and still falling. Both would be a setback :(
aww that's so rad! Kay lost like 4 immediately after no 2. Better keep cash on hand from now on <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I'm always impressed at our friends knowledge about western movies. Quick on the draw and we have 2 winners tonight. Well done guys !
Down to the wire to book your Thanksgiving Dinner with us at Grazie! Be sure to give us a call at 305.673.1312 to book in advance.
One good turn gets most of the blankets.
The deepest cave in the world is Krubera-Voronja. It measures a total depth of 7,188 feet.
I have the most gorgeous girlfriend And SHES amazing and her name is Jolie Ann Veazey!!!! <3 <3 I love you<3
All about that white sauce, I keep the red sauce to one swirl or things get real intense. Fan of the green sauce too
Tonight, lots of guests enjoyed great artworks and various kinds of wine at an opening reception of hpgrp GALLERY NEW YORK.
What we need are more people who specialize in the impossible. Theodore Roethke
Tomorrow would be perfect! Preferred time and place?
miss you too dude!! Hope crown point is treating you well :)
personally for me there has NEVER been romance movie to bring out emotions like that
Yay! Spring has arrived!!!! Amazing day in
The LA Kings are too legit
You're right, I don't have special occasions to celebrate ):
On The Road To Success, Full Tank And No Rest Stops.
RT : In south beach talking about Lake of the Ozarks with and How wierd is that ?(Goodtimes!!!)
Perfect RT : soft, to spread on baguette. "melty" is a good texture too!
It's no secret - WE LOVE WINE!!! We hope this year you are able to experience some of our unique and interesting wines. Cheers! Derek & Carl
he is a quitter..he forced his way out of Denver to get to where he wanted to go and now this? Garbage
thanks so much! Appreciate you checking it out :)
That is really super cool!
if it was an accident and you hit someone in face, wouldn't you apologize and look concerned?
reading Jude by Kate Morgenroth...one thumbs up
Thank you!! The strawberries are very good!
#Dreamchasers2 has over 500K downloads on within a few hours of it's release
Call me.
did you lose it?
I helped someone today and immediately questioned why I bother.
when people have to bitch because how old my boyfriend is and how young i am, how about fuck off and die, thanks.
Dude, what about my twitpic?
Is everyone feeling good about going back to work or school w/your new commitments for 2012!
love that you called a 6 pack a 6'er! Lol. Got some country roots?
Why do my friends have to fight? Its been almost a week, I never gone this long fighting with a friend, I never went over a day
Did you deactivate your account again?
No coincidences.
SUNDAY BRUNCH PARTY !!!! TODAY
where r u from?
if u ask me... get out my life bastard..
Putting down $5 that cries during the Senior Day ceremonies. Any takers?
true. I would agree he hasn't looked all that great so far this year, was surprised to see the era that low
Yes it happens ALL the time. So gross.
Just Turn Your Phone Off Duhh Couldnt You Be Stupider
eric the extra
Happenstance! BHO happened to be Prez when it culminated: team effort GWB started w/ intel-gathering methods BHO opposed.
Please Follow so we can send you a direct message about joining your conference! Thanks!
alright fine!
Heading to work w/my head held high. Hoping 2do the best job I can 2day. For those of u who r struggling in life, remember keep ur CHIN UP
I already did have a good night
This was not my intentions...
There is a BIG difference between publishing social media content and social media promotions! Do you know what the difference is?
Friday, as celebration of wrapping 'Empire State' I'll be following fans, giving shout outs &... live chat! I'll give an hour 2morrow <3 Xo.
"No matter what standards we set for our ideal lover, the fact will remain that the person we fall in love with will always be an exception"
For a super-slimming side dish, choose pico de gallo. It has only 7 calories and 0 grams of fat.
''Eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside.'' - Mark Twain
Wow kanye...for real??
exactly what I mean...
Finals done. Still have to deal with writing shit for my honors thesis. When will it end!?
Happy #Friday13! There’s nothing superstitious about $4 Bell’s Bottles or $3.50 High Life, Old Style and PBR tall boys.
The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago. The second best time is today. ~ Chinese Proverb
Its #FinalFriday in Station North! Come by City Arts from 5-8PM to tour the resident artists' studios, and stop by the food trucks outside!
Girl at tolly ho just said I look like silas from weeds. Agree to disagree
He can always tend bar at that 'Cheers' place RT Tough break for UK freshman walk-on Sam Malone, who tore his ACL
Only would start twisting his hair during an interview...lol. Too cool. Congrats on your career high Mr.
RT : A/B testing is like dusting after the bomb is dropped. Going on like nothing has changed. But everythings changed.
Ma big cuzzn n his man bouta make big moves hope every goes smooth wit dis tour n shit
Paper chase on a muthafuckn paper chase...
GOOD AFTERNOON D*CK IS LIVE RIGHT NOW...tune in www.texas101jams.com!! Today's topic: DATING!!
So much packing to do still!!! Kinda sorta overwhelmed!
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 23
thanks for the follow
stay outta my way Kevin...I'm plyn Binions too....let me take this one, buddy....cya.... good luck!
Thanks for checking in! When you have a second, we'd love to hear how your visit was.
if you reply to this tweet you will be famous
Same here Lol. Outside of Basketball I have very random tweets. Definitely had some random ones earlier in the day. Lol.
Hello Sunshine Your warmth fills me up inside Hello Baby You know I'll treat you right Yeah I'll treat you right.
jeez, I hate apple. Mind u, I'm hating the from my new iPad 3, but I really hate them.
this class sux
"Individual commitment to a group effort - that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work."
Oh! no
Forget YOLO I'm living life
gave a great talk on this at ILA(2010?) but plenty of failure since, i'm sure! stevelibrarian
People have attitudes these days:/
ur right, but she did everything in her power to hurt me the way i hurt her when i was little or a teenl she doesnt dare.
The Hunger Games are amazingly amazing!!!!! :) I Can not STOP reading the book!!!!!!!!!!!
Ugh, i hate tweet limit too!
At least yours was semi healthy!
"I'm not like most girls" - most girls
There is a calmness in every storm,a knowledge of power greater than ones self,no better place than a large body of water after a rain
I am trying to login as user cattweetsuk and i'm seeing php errors all over the page. please advise.
Wrist: wrist pain at the little finger line
I remember when I used to think this trip from NYC to Boston was long
And always taking pictures with his dogs!! It's so Riley haha :)
#Stewie hey u never texted me that pic of #Lois boobs..now if u dont keep ur end of the bargain youll never see Rupert again
The Ducks have suspended Cliff Harris from football team after police cited him in Eugene for driving w/ suspended license
Wish I was at #mladla11 this week instead of writing final papers. Looking forward to following the action on twitter!
Thanks for the follow!
well he can't be gay he must be married.
New post: Saying goodbye to amynicoleroberson.com
Why is bass the leading scorer.... Not hatin on him but... #big3whereuat?
Getting caught in a lie <
We can't send you on any missions if we don't know your efficiency, can we?
More impressively, so is the mall it's next to
goodnight! so tired! #bye bye twitter!
after party tonight? I thought you were leaving today?
Big news today - we're releasing our 2011 Tree Report Card. Stay tuned.
What you got boy, is hard to find I think about it, all the time! <3
hey. You should ugh... Follow me?
Congratulations both to BarCampers that ran the marathon yesterday, and those that made cool apps for us to watch others run! =P
A leader knows what's best to do; a manager knows merely how best to do it. -Ken Adelman
The best thing about me is you.- Shannon Crown
sent and thanks.
I'm talkin bout Will Davis
"A players attention span is no more than 10 minutes" Coach Torchy Clark
I think Poolboy's a real American hero.
Just got a $113 refund check from my dr. SCORE. Don't think I'll cash it until we leave for Vegas!
Looking for a designated broker in MD. Must have completed National Safe Exam. Current MD LO License preferred. Message me for more info
Working in this weather is so lose butt hole!! I'm ready for summer!
Bounty hunting
VP Biden in town to speak to Jewish leaders. I hope traffic behaves today w/ all the motorcade charade.
me too! Notice how the foaling was so neat/clean? lol Loved the yearling/today photo comparisons, too.
But before that to happen there is urgent need to address the leadership crisis at home!
am about 1/2 way through (fast reader & GREAT book)-- abt a pilot who survives a crash & family moves to restart life in New Hamp
#omg Becky look at her butt!!
For the people.. i heard the revolution will not be televised.. but the revolution is here..
excited for the party tonight! can't wait to catch up with my gals and
Spring is definitely in the air! Are you planning on making any changes to your hair?
20+ kids at the DMV. Kill me now
I'm a generally honest person, and never steal-- but arbitrary rolls of Gaff tape, just laying around, greatly test my integrity.
We're biased, of course, but it IS titanically good.
Kick butt in that car, Danica. Were you able to get #7 or you going for a different number?
"FUCK YEAH we have a substitute teacher!! "SHUT THE FUCK UP AND SIT DOWN!" "Oh shit..."
Such an awesome movie #staygold RT The outsiders > #favoritemovie <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
CD skipping?
Barely Legal - likely to be more fluff than substance - is it mediation? Barely Likely - It is good to see mediation become popular though!
My roommate are so crazy. I live
Wait, what is that? Is that Bedlam's über rich German people's cake?! (GermanChocolate). Could cakes be making their way back to Bedlam?
We love nights
Bought my tickets to see & on July 4th!!
is thankful for all the reasons it's worth it. Here's wishing you all a bountiful Thanksgiving!
Great commentary and analysis of the #SUNDAYMILLION by and
Lol that's dope
Its friday! Yay! (:
my sock tan, farmers tan, and neck tan line is straight #rediculous lol
haha. No thanks
Family, friends, even work gets your undevided attention. But who's making you their priority? Take care of yourself first.
Your taste buds will love you for it!! #PrettyFlirtyLocal w/
Watching Daybreakers. Really good movie so far :)
I like thinking big. If you're going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big
how about 11:30am at the castle?
I miss and alyssa... The rest of my birthday sucks balls.
The siren song of the streets bait me and in times like this the children of the night tempt me, what a harmonious symphony they play. I go.
Rocked Beverly hill red carpet event :D
you sound depressed
Bryan Stow Writes His Name
aw thats the best picture made my evening
. Yup, it's not a game without tweets!
Yo man, if you're in Nashville for another day or so let's write together. Could be a blast. Stream of the show sounds great. Ed
Tiger tail or something like that?
OK I HAVE A GOOD JOKE FOR YOU. KNOCK KNOCK
Because Im grounded Im gonna do things I dont do that much, like take care of my skin, nails and workout. Yay!! Have a nice day boobears
Good ol' is starting the day off with Led Zeppelin. I approve.
Is there a buzz about it? How do folks feel abt the profs taking it private?
#yoga in the morning , #surfing afterwards, the #movies is FUN and artwalk #FirstFridays. Pretty good day.
Drake's crew love sickest track !
#Arthritis can occur in more than 100 forms or symptoms.
? Don't know what you drew, either?
hey I'm coming to town for the eTech-Ohio conference. Want to chat about rapid prototyping an immune cell defense game?
Yes. So we can go KARAOKE.
The RUT game times today are 8:30 and 12:45 on rink 7 stop on by!
Various budget cuts are going to be hitting everyone hard (assuming they aren't already), keep your chin up!
what up -Hollow Final Fantasy Recordings
... The natural hormonal changes prior to and during menstruation have been subject to many investigations. ...
do you know which game will be broadcasted tomorrow on Palestine Tv?
I'm coming black belt styles.
ok...what does this mean exactly? Cindarella suite?
am frm africa U?
Seek your destiny before it finds you.
fyi, there are tweets and replies I abandon while composing, saving us both much embarrassment. ok, me more than you.
At walk-in clinic--wondering how many never walk out? Trying to shake cold before trip today.
Kara Grant () arrived safely in Haiti... she'll be there 2-3 weeks visiting orphanage + helping communities.
we are friends, remember?! Won't you follow us the rejection is too much to bare.
Early to bed. Did my first 'start to finish' quilt (potholder) to test my needles, feet, thread and skills. The latter wasn't up to par :)
Kids!! RT: prepare to be made look like a lightweight.
He was really good!!
Chill day today, more as it develops
You just can't beat a good 'ol west Texas thunderstorm!
2012 will be no different. Every day is a gift. You're life, this year, all the years, they're what you make them.
Keep Rodgers off the madden cover, vote Marshawn Lynch.
this needs to be chant at some point!! Just saying!
#Awake has been put to sleep :'(
Real estate ce class is great today.
hey babe welcome to twiitter..: )
thx~be happy~:)
Ok now here he go stfu
Does Lina ever talk???
What is the difference between Jesus and a zombie? (insert your punchline)
this is why I think you're so awesome
There's nothing like waking up to no water. It seems to be a town-wide problem.
Hot Topic is the best store ever.<3
Big Sister Surprise: Parents Make Baby Announcment To Daughter (VIDEO)
must have forgotten delaneys jokes are jokes
Thanks same to you!!
Just saw "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo"... What a great movie!
now following
and i was tired!!
Testing text_to_twitter while waiting for train
Sad that's there's no new #RuPaulsDragRace tonight! :-(
That's what staff is for...
"The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams." - #Oprah Winfrey
Anyone checkout the Catalina Film Festival this weekend?
When isn't there a TT?
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
That's a different animal, but the spirit of generosity is interesting.
Off to NW Film Center for Live It's the monthly "Hand Painted Society" event. See what they've done.
Matching Pledge from Gilla River Casinos for 3 minutes.
YEAH NOW GET WRITING SO U DONT BORE THEM TO DEATH
Oh no! What's going on?
Its come to my attention that girls are actually getting paid to make me sandwiches
Follow back?
I'm being such a girl.
Anyone know why national FoxNews is doing live shots at the Cap (e. wash side)? Just making some shit up I assume?
Shooting for my friend's film in the beautiful Bedford Stuyvesant on this Sunday morning.
So true! Ppl judge harshly bc their expectations are out of whack. I went in thinking it was a popcorn flick, & it delivered.
Things are good here. Thanks for considering us for your list!
Hi, friend!
Looking forward to hearing and help clarify talent communities
It is really cold at the paradise piano bar in long beach... But the dessert is yummy
Really good guide from Check it out. Worth the time. Follow them too. tinyurl.com/7ufahej
I hope makes it back before tipoff
opening of of makes it a little tough this weekend...however, next could be in the cards..when are you in KS?
my heart just stopped... are coming!!!!
Goodness abounds in the form of pie and coffee.
You ignorin my tweets..
omg i use to love that song when i was little!:')
im thinkin about skipping math class hm? Lol
Layton James worlds greatest harpsichord player, don't miss seeing him with the RSO tomorrow Nov 5! get half price tickets call 507-286-8742
Already have a meeting for June 2013 #wedding this week. Send any brides you know my way to talk about a wedding video.
Great seeing you
WE FOLLOW BACK! RETWEET IF YOU FOLLOW BACK :)
Sunday out with the family. It's such a beautiful day!
the people i work with are fantastic (:
thank you for hosting a fabulous event celebrating Attorneys for Big Brothers Big Sisters!
I love this!
aww love and miss you too!
Busy in LA today! Working on this summer's new show with , then playing an acoustic show with tonight.
Decided I need more fun in my life so on my 6 mi. run today I made funny faces at every car that passed lolz best 30min of my day haha ;)P
First full day , the preview went really well last night and we've already sold a few things including a terrific Larry
We had Ozzfest for Sabbath reunions.
Get money my nigga, make good wit yur ppl.
Male Actor in a TV movie or miniseries goes to... Paul Giamatti for "Too Big to Fail". Another hit as far as I'm concerned
Perfect weekend to get your garden ready. It's easy to make an above ground square or even use pots on the porch! Did ours last week!
I'm think this will be a 7 pt. game #USMNT spanking Cuba!
Listening to nothing but Maroon 5 today....super in love with
Finished Spanish homework :/ was hard
Damn that. We need that at UNC RT RT : Sign with Duke Shabazz!!! [ *Chants* "Hell No! Please Don't Go!" ]
WAY TO GO RED WINGS!!!!! Karma is a b!$ch, Shea Weber.
Our first intuitions are the true ones.
at movies. Text u tomorrow!
Going no where fast we reached a climax <3
that should have been you in the trash can.
I didnt even get a screen shoot in #Moneyball WTF I was there every game goin Dummie. I'm the Heart and Soul of the
ricky..... omg, i was just like i cant talk to you! haha.
would love to meet for a minute and show you the cellhelmet.
My apples were great! :)
Good day for Beer and Basketball! Bring the dog.
I've loved every class of students that i've taught in the past 8 years. I wish that I could say the same of the school systems i worked 4.
#uCantBeToughAndSay hold my hand so I can cross the street.
good luck this weekend.
me too! I can't wait for the cold weather to be here
Looking forward to #ArchiMate 2.0 support in Archi! Any guess as to release timeline?
Steve Blake with the
booty lounge at mnf - make it happen!
tips on what?
I'm reading about 4G networks, but it seems that it doesn't even exist yet...
Fuck you pay me...
YES! I am one of the contestants for SMELL OFF at the Spice House at 2p Please come down, need your support!
Weaver tough test for Feliz, Rangers
it seems like no one's happy anymore..
Manhandled, sore feet, covered in beer... Yup, that's as I ever expected being a waitress to be... Glad to only play one on tv.
Ah, drinks..... Thanks for coming in! lol
to cling to what is left of the NFL season. after this, it's 5 months of nothingness.
Why must I be like dat why must I chase da cat
right?! No her name was teak! I think!
In Beirut! It's the Paris of the Middle East. Ooh la la
I was unsure so I only put in a few potatoes & carrots but everyone was mad at me for not putting in enough! The gravy was great!
u are to comedy what Nsync is to...comedy
RT - Japanese killed the entire Miami Dolphins
is playing Public House Monday 10/24 at 9pm. Last minute show! They're from Maine, and incredibly good!
Toni Morrison has done it again with another stellar work: Home.
They'd have to rehaul alot of the last part of the game. Way to go #Bioware you've rustled the fuck out of my jimmies.
Awesome sauce... I have a sore throat.
BFY is partnering with WI Chapter of APDA to host classes for adults affected by Parkinsons. Interested in learning more? 608.233.2577
That ain't all women. Date someone less self-involved.
“: The average weight of a Chinese man's testicles is 19 grams.” Once again, WHO is doing this research?
words with Out a face mean Nothin..... Words with a a face have Soo much meaning!
The under 8 timeout always starts stall ball. The SEC Tourney was the worst
Indiana's School Accountability Model is focused on our state's 90-25-90 goals and dramatically closes achievement gaps.
Productive day! I cleaned my room, got my Drake and Rascal ticket, scheduled my nail appointment, did my homework and finished my paper!
Not all Trailblazer fans are panicking.
You mean, shall I'll make it look useable and you make it actually functional?
feel bad for them but can't help but chuckle
Morning Dolls
daily #dressage tip: spend a lot of time learning travers - or 'my mate travis - who makes everything possible'. travers is the golden key
Your program sounds fantastic. Let's connect.
I guess the question might be would we rather have 22 episodes and one season on ABC or 30 and two 15 ep seasons on TBS.
Really? That is an interesting comparison. Adds to Biden's cool factor like 1000 percent (considering he was starting way low).
RT : Daniel Aronson at #FIUAVCC: The location of an emerging business really matters.
only if you bring singles and keep secrets
Maybe next week, any day works for me
Best do it right... 2cups sugar
yessiirrrr...im gettin blunted. Got a date wit the babe so im lvn at 630 :)
Why #Irene ??? Leave us alone.
Quiet, relaxing, lazy, quiet. Did I say quiet?:-)))
Ran Clearwater 5k this morning & finished in 31:55. Not bad, especially coming off an injury w/o training. I'll take it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Awesome! RT : just totally totally totally scored at , thank you so much! I love you!!!
Damn! Better hurry up and see it!! :D
Oh, what is there to do in LA? :] I'm really excited to be smuggled in!
use what you got lil bitch
- that is very cool. someone needs to invent this for TV. commercials are so much louder than the show!
Your diet should include all aspects of the food groups including carbohydrates.
NORWAY SON !!!!
there is too many 24 hour pizzerias in NY...you better order up!
Pandora you know exactly what i want everytime
I'm up in Ogden, but I'm here for my grandmas funeral so I dont think I'll be able to! But I wish SO badly that I could!!!
I wish time would pause when I'm with him.
We got a great Lego donation today, I think I'm gonna have to play with them just to make sure they are suitable for the kids...
yeah I know! Have you heard of the ?
I want a Bare card too. I'll even go topless. Hehehe
#FF and -- these girls blogs keep me motivated, laughing, and most importantly #running!
Tasty indeed c;
Sorry there hasn't been anyone on lately.. i promise to b on as much as possible!!
Thanks for the recent RTs and .
I'm using the Law of Attraction to try and connect with more philanthropists, non-profits, social entrepreneurs, and social changemakers!
I went to Commissary (DC restaurant) this weekend. The #vegan food clearly labeled and our server asked about #allergies. Nice!
I told her you make more off of Mood Muzik than she'll make on "her Sony Deal."
Niggas need to learn hoe to keep dry hoes in check damn u aint even main & act in crazy
I'm opening Lemon Tree Nutrition in a week and I'd like to get registered with . How do I go about doing that?
Happy Wednesday, beautiful soul! How have you been?
I've missed 3 race days in a row. I'm having #NASCAR withdrawals...
I am only into my first edit and I am praying for humanity
LOVE it! So fun!! xxoo
Woke up at 7 a.m. today and have been busy ever since doing responsible stuff. It's like I'm a regular adult.
May all your wildest dreams come true on this specialist or special days!
P Ll p
best wishes to you.. It's been a pleasure being able to watch the passion u have for your what u do ..
thumbs up or down?
Never before has love looked safe, never again will it look the same. <3
Good morning :) thank God for this early morning rising!<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
woo! So excited! N I get to see my spurs play too! Lol
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
Smart woman knows how to be silly.
True, i was always low key so i didnt care what they was talkin RT : I didn't have time for that
You are my life...I can't jeopardize one without the other
how would you draw that as a yoga pose?
Binge drinking! College!!!
Now accepting donations at .. help the struggle
thank you adn #teenwolf for helping me finish my spanish final today .. and hopefully tomorrows bio regents too:)
Interesting.. walked into work and boss asked me if I wanted a promotion.. psychic is me
volunteering (therefore making connections), being able to participate in CPLP study groups, be invited to participate in
Wow good game Kentucky!
& what is your favourite airline to fly with? xoxx
“: I'm not standing here for 10 minutes while you try to get your brat of a kid to say please #bye”
Can you believe the state leg in Planet Arizona? Thanks for your RT.
KEEP PUSHING THE LEAD UP
oh babe don't you worry ;)
Merry Christmas!!!!
I hope to God our game doesn't get cancelled.
and a couple of beignets.
Lawn mowing season will be here early this year. Bring your mower in for a tune up today!
“: You ruined your chances of me being interested in you by showing that you're interested in me#princessprobz”
oops! Don't you just love those! ;)
I'm convinced that you can't make everyone happy. So I'll just have to be content to confuse, annoy, and offend all of you.
this nigga said he call me everyday , all the time but i aint got no missed calls. make no damn sense
yeah...why doesn't that happen more often? oh wait...i remember the missing ingredient. its only a matter of time
are you tweeting the #spinners game today?
Oh, there's more? Great!
The sequels were even too bad for me to like. lol
The dogs need to stop barking.
Jay Paris: Seau's was a permanent answer to a temporary problem
Happy birthday to my awesome Hulk boyfriend, ! :)
Great! Grab a beer and come see a show at #Stage773 !!!
I'ma take you home you with me, i'ma buy you a drink. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
I know I heard and I'm sure ur baby will be!!! Can't wait for ur blessing to arrive!! Make sure u send me that arrival pic!!!
FBCD gonna run HARD!!!
CAN I ASK YOU 2 QUESTIONS?
Zeds Dead at the varsity .. uh yeah.
Dear large corporations, please stop polluting. Sincerely, Me.
Why are you crying over PB and J? Its just a sandwich.
RT " fellas you guys gotta bring that back home, nothin by the jersey shore #Kronum"
you know me! I've always been the rebel type! Hahaha
your coffee had coffee.
Just listening to the radio and found out about the KE diet for brides to be. The most ridiculous thing I've ever heard of.
follow my beautiful wife into her new twitter existence
Wants Cherry Garcia ice cream, settles for Craisins :c
#FF: For tips on #advertising, #PR, #socialmedia and more:
Agreed! RT Campus is too quiet, tunnels are too empty. Working to make "ever better" while students are on break.
even if no practice for SW... Greg S. does not practice & still plays. They need to give SW 7-14 Mins a game
thnx pimp. God bless
River riot tomorrow
Listened to George and Joan,
well Thanks!!!! *BIG MOE SMILE* (nobody taking my smile) lol
hm not sure I can help there, but I can hold a baby while someone cooks!
Had so much fun reading last night, thanks for the beer and new friends.
#RIPDonnaSummer your music and soul will be deeply missed.
RT Idk y i even trip on u simple ass niggas
thank you for your (in-progress) backbone.js dev book. Just awesome.
Nathan Ryan #TWlikeyou I remember when I support for you
I hate that everything closes at 10pm in Portland except bars and fast food.
I'm on a mission...if I don't receive this small package, my life will be sad
Starships were meant to fly, hands up and touch the sky. Let's do this one last time
"oh here's my card, only put $200 on it!"-nana ....You have no idea what you have done. #Shoppingtime!
I dying to talk to you...but I refuses to text you first.
Follow Miss everybody. :)
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Dr. Fresh Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
I'm sorry stupid auto correct it should have said a little more than an hour to go.
got it
Exam season is always rough... Alas, a student's life is what it is.
Choose being kind over being right and you will be right every time.
thanks so much for RT :-)))
Hi Mark - thanks for following. BigDot is a clean, classy, & modern looking site. WE may need your services in the future! :-)
when im sad i cut myself... a slice of cake.
UGH!! I know. I was about to get all loc on him. ": I would have knocked him out then called the cops!"
I bought new laptop today
Hope you enjoy!
Music in Powell tonight. A variety of good stuff starts at 6 . Rawkadeus at 8:30.
Lil Wayne taught me, if your drowning in the pussy, just swim to the butt, I'm guessing it's really eassy ..
There are 5 times as many texters as there are Facebook users
Gonna be a long day. Lots to do.
Now who would just give that away?
oh, link, please?
i will do my best.
Nevermind. Out of 25...yeah 24 is about right.
Pinkie up!;) oh and baby i wont be online that much my mom said being online after my accident will make me have seizures
Call me a (drunken) fool, but I really feel like the Caps are tying this thing 1-1, and we head to overtime...
thx for the follow at ruby4women - I'm now following from mamastreasures, too! Looking forward to your discoveries ;o)
Am I the only one that has seen ridiculous playoff tweets today.
Jeff Suppan starts off 1-2-3 vs. #Brewers. He is, of course, pitching great.
thank you!
Woo hoo my boss will be paying for my cab home tonight!
Filling up a bag of food for the postman, tomorrow is the post office's annual food drive! Leave what you can at the mailbox!
Eden lounge is open for the Official Watch Party for NSU Spartans. Behold the Green and Gold!!
I'll need to create an event for this, although I think it may be my turn to drive the 90.
Got a 10 Kobe Beef in tonight...beautiful.
Roses are red, Facebook is blue, No mutual friends, I'm not adding you.
Listening to Macroeconomics being taught in the mail room. The library is indeed a place for learning.
my boy CP is going to shut down TP. The Spurs have no chance.
Got a food-related invention? Kitchen Inventors (Food Network) is looking for submissions. Pass it along & DM us if you want more info.
Any chance of you coming to Jacksonville, FL for a show in the near future?
Whohoo! Thanks so much.
I would like to see the outcome! I'm just saying,.
I miss Hannah Montana.
Im not a killer, but dont push me!!!! :-\
2 days missing school.
Indians vs. A's game tonight. RHP Gomez goes up against A's RHP Cahill
Thank you for the support, Brian.
2012 Resolution #1: Don't let yourself feel old. As Steve Jobs said, Stay Hungry, Stay Foolish.
If you are underwater on your mortgage, don't despair. We can help, even if it's just offering advice. Give us a call (866) 326-5155
Tryin 2 fig out how to keep pushing writing career while working 2 reg jobs...help!
“: Kangaroos have 3 vaginas.” The more the merrier
thanks! So great to see you there!
have fun! I'm so jealous!
Skeet Skeet Watergun :D
Saw at YEC! I think it is AMAZING how strong your beliefs are!
so are u impressed with the play of the badgers in the first half in chapel hill?
Typical Orpik and typical penguins taking out Stephan's knees. Imagine of that happened to Malkin or cindy
ay doe Im sure nobody could top them bland kendama skills
Whtchin the even Stevens movie being bored I don't feel good I feel like am gonna die or something lololol
PARTY TONIGHT @ 9:00 PM FREE EVENT DJ+LIVE PERCUSSIONS+VIDEO PROJECTIONS 555 W. 7th Street Los Angeles CA 90014 www.sevenbarlounge.com
thanks for the #ff Kim!
LOL, I read it as "muscle" at first!
Thanks for the follow I am now following :-)
In Drama Club ^_^
Damn I love My woman...shout out to Echo Sierra for being the best wifey ever!! I am so sprung!!
The Brewers don't have one anymore either, since Yadiel Rivera turned 20 on May 2.
sounds like you will be getting a punch just after gets his. :)
Was there an awkward call to Karen Russell and Denis Johnson? "No, no, it's not you, it's us. You rock, but we're just not feeling it."
Thanks for the follow!
- Brunswick Stew! :)
The Cleveland Show
excellent thanksgiving break filled with family and friends! Now, let's motivate ourselves to get through til Christmas!
Haven't you figured it out yet, i'm pretty slutty :P
GET OFF THE BENCH & GET N THE GAME U CAN"T WIN BEING ON THE SIDELINE !! WE MAKE IT HAPPEN haha.. WE KEEP AZ SEXXY ...... Page Themes
My smart beautiful young daughter is not yet 21 to be so accomplished. She took after her father of course. :)
See me in a Jabba the Hutt costume with a burlesque slave Leia tonight at
Thank you!
City says they have 7 witnesses, willing to knock it down to 5
Ah yes, I know that frustration.
RT : It's amazing how the first heartbreak changes your outlook on every relationship after that.
In all seriousness, if you have finals, good luck on them. If you don't, be nice to those who do.
So much for being up at 9am to get started on my day because its definitely 10am and i'm definitely still in bed.
but while we're at it, simultaneous secret fed grand jury pretty likely to be in works “: Hey idiot, it's not a federal #wiunion”
Why do ex girlfriends always end up turning into trashy hoes? o.0
Happy Mother's Day Ladies
any seats avail at foxnhound?
Defense let's stay strong!
Realanthropy: Half of every commission I earn is donated to the charitable organization of the client's choosing.
What to Do in Case You Miss the Rapture opens in two weeks! Join me and at Looking Glass on May 20, 21 & 22 at 7:30pm.
Just saw the developer preview of the way Facebook will look in a week. You thought people hated this week's changes? You have no idea.
My dad asked me to coffee. I couldn't pass it up :)
Heading to in a few weeks to work on distribution and engagement with and !
It's a cold, wet, downright dreary Saturday in RVA. Cure that seasonal depression and come visit us at either of our two stores today!
wait what? What kind of person would think that was funny?
which is exactly why i don't jump whenever i'm asked out. i just politely say no & go about my day. guys only want one thing!!
I am #proud to be an
do u & your family go to c the lights at the river walk?
Polar Bears #superbowl Liked “Catch,” but not so impressed with “Superstition.”
im not too good at soccer tho
Happy Hauntings, Everyone!
I live in cleveland bring em there
It could be your giving your screenplay to the wrong people. I always give explicit permission to dislike/hate it and tell me why.
#celticschat We can win this if we play hard and make good plays....This is a good team.
Capstone Projects. Fun to see UR MBA students serving as consultants to small businesses: Daystar Desserts, CarLotz and Keep It Simple Syrup
lol. some guy jus dogged my friend's song! i wonder why! maybe because he spittin some real shit.
Let me ask. can we arrange a tech talk next week? Feel free to reply via email.
Had to download TweetCaster all them other apps was whack as hell.
I can't wait to see Cam Wake under perform
We raised almost $12k for a little girl with leukemia on Saturday! Thanks to all who participated!
Has been on field yet?
Our mission is to be the repair shop of choice for customers, insurance companies,
According to Klout, I'm "influential about Mel Gibson" ... I think they need to work on their algorithms.
Today my birthday woo hoooo!!
Healthiest drink at bar?
Watching hip hop pov #im nt just a rapper I study this $hit
if I ever write a book, I'm gonna put in my accomplishments, "Made someone's life better(: <3" that someone is obviously you.
i feel like shit
you are very right sir.. only two more days of this hell!
Hahahhaha thank you my love ! you know I love you! RT : Me too!! 1,000Xs, though.
was worried I was trapped in the scorching pits of hell. turns out, I was only watching bette midler on an acura commercial.
Thank you!
if u think it is appropriate to judge me about my past, then dont get mad when i put u there. #taylorgang/chevy/wiz
oh.. yk.. Just at the senior dinner.. Waiting to see our video. #OhTheAnticipation!
Always choose your body will thank you not to mention your engine (heart).
Just tapped Avery IPA.
Ugh. I wish I was reading books this weekend instead of writing papers.
I've said no to it for nearly 20 years.
NYC lemonade: More of membership is active.
I<U+FFFD>d rather fall by myself than let you drag me down
how did the tournament go?
I had so much fun today
RT : RT : Profits blind execs, even to a dying product. ~ So do solid top line revenues:)
Its not transformers with out megan fox! >:\
You can always quarrel ... and not talk for many years ... And then by chance encounter and just go crazy ...
and then i get a scary thought that he's here means he neva lost
However, there were times of mass quantities, relived now and then.
they look good tho buts cool i got tacos i really dont like chocolate
Check out my video! www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
Please *save the date* for "Celebrate Ability!" event: Tues Oct 23, 5 pm at Lloyd Ctr Doubletree, feat. PHAME + friends!
Can't wait to go see Inception. Hoping to go tonight.
aww. I miss right now. Especially since the type on these slides is HUGE.
Can't wait for the opening tonight at Mexic-Arte Museum.
OMG. Yes. We must watch It's makes our Mon morning phone calls that much better...
Happy Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Milwaukee!
Tim Thomas is a beast. That is all.
NCCF joining & in a social media campaign promoting research-based messages about early childhood
I met today ! I think I met a celebrity & she was very humble!
Omw to the hospital with these ballloooonnnss (: & a big ol' teddy bear for abuelita LUZ <3
That pit-in-stomach feeling of throwing away 6 cases of expired beer.
no I'm not mad at you
free for all
Thank you for all the RTs and mentions this week! Have a good weekend.
so her mom said "that girl needs birth control in a pez dispenser!" And my friend was like "No, actually. She's a really -c-
Spent the weekend battling some google redirect virus on my parent's computer.
would you be interested in monetizing the time people are spending on their smartphones in a landmark theater before a movie?
TGIF!!! Can't wait for the sushi eating contest tomorrow! Be there or be square! Fremont 2:30pm, Happy Hour from then on!
“: What happened when the pregnant cat ate yarn? She had mittens. *slaps knee*” *pees pants from hilariousness*
<U+266C> Songwriters Amateur or Professional should be a member of even to give your support to a great organization <U+266C>
Watch WUSA Channel 9 TONIGHT for MPA's fantastic ArtReach program featured in the HERO CENTRAL segment 5 - 6 PM!
I'm on it!
I'm trading a sony PSP with charger and metal case for a game boy advance SP. The flip phone looking ones. Hmu.!
What's really good with all of these white chicks coming down with Jungle Fever hahahha
So true: never forget that #DC is really just a small town. you'll never know who will turn up at your next job/party/interview
we awesome! Bad picture of me:(
We've now taken to calling our dog "The Lil'est Trooper with the Messed-Up Pooper."
Probably the musical highlight of the night.
Some Men are just not worth the second of the day.....
I-39/90 NB is closed at Mile Post 187 near the IL State Line due to a crash. Traffic is being waved through on the shouldered.
Pickin up my aunt at the airport !! :D
#SaySomething IS DEFINITELY MA JAM.
I was thinking of giving people the "I try hard" sticker whenever I mess something up.
#WhatMakesABlackGirlMad a white girl w/ her man <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Everyone has that person that....
you know who can beat the Kings right now? Ryan Getzlaf...in 3 minutes..
Candler Rd. smell just like sum
today is a happy day! I will finally have my place back to myself
I think I like it. You know I can't commit this soon :) Big congrats on your prospectus defense!!
LOL. That's incredible that it was you. Love this patio.
YES, UNTIL TOMORROW!
Tell her Don and Kari send our Love from Maine
Substitute "damn" every time you're inclined to write "very;" your editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be....
Anyone going to Columbus Ale Fest this weekend?
Go to www.watchnhllive.com to watch every NHL game live online just register and enjoy the games!!!!
|~.-!- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Lil wayne please stop trying to sing. Stick to rap... Sincerely. Everybody
Sorry to see leave but best wishes to her in her new endeavor.
#cody do you call any of the girls that give you their numbers? (((;
realized about 2 minutes after the service ended that she totally forgot to include the Father's Day prayer.
Ha! I will bring back extra twigs and acorns lol
me too! I would really like to know you in more ways than just one :)
Stoked for !
Today is gonna be a fun ass day!
Not me. A fairly realistic study of obsession. Never Let Me Go was better imo best I've seen in yrs
Story worth noticing: Kenny G looks pretty strong today. If Braxton tweaks an ankle again, we won't be worrying about the Bauserman effect.
are we Tryin to have like a 25 min Bernie session were like all we do is... Bernie? lol!
Market indexes are not hard to control. They are weighted. So when the Dow moves sharply returns can be controlled to tempt the pile ons
I'm always bored smh
assuming the worst of everyone: the surest way to improve relationships.
President of Hungary steps down over plagiarized dissertation. Fodder for the academic integrity discussion next time I teach composition.
Call or e-mail us today........ 858.279.7410
so I think all of u should Go follow my bruh like now hehe :)))
u no wat I mean wit lil ass booty
Big News: Excited to work with San Diego legend as he joins as head of Lifestyle & Entertainment Dept of !
The sun has returned to OKC! My mood has improved and my productivity has declined. I just want to be outside!
The motivation: The Headboard lmaoo!:)
When should I expect this free t-shirt to be arriving?
Adam Jones branded bubble gum?
RT : RT : Can we really expect Mitt to remember every time he formed a posse and assaulted a gay classmate?
My todo list app now lets me share what I need to do on Twitter and Facebook. Because I really want my friends to know what I havent done.
Team 1 would like to petition the use of two basketballs for our games
So im almost get shot waiting in a coney huh?
I remembered Wednesday we have senior presentations. So we can just go straight from there.?
No they call.u.
Why do I have the feeling this isn't going to be very satisfying?
watchin "Lottery Ticket" and i am laughing my butt off cuz its tht funny
Having an amazing time at #fye2012! the only thing that would make this conference better would be a Jeremy Lin sighting.
If you need another Q, how do people find blogs besides link following? How do you find that first one that leads to more?
new pic is cute :)
#SEM10 Music of West African Immigrants in the US this morning. Daniel Reed, Kay K Shelemay, Ruth Stone. Looking forward to it.
yesterday was really awesome! So happy I had so many good people and close family/friends to share it with!
me too...just not diamond seats
Been watching The Larry Sanders show on #IFC....TV gold!!!.... Hey now!
Stand Up by on pandora
That's right! His formative years, as he put it "there I grew up"!
Waiting for the internets to explode when the James Neal suspension ruling comes down.
And now I'm being rewarded with a Mad Men midnight replay, despite skipping it to see that flick.
I love being young I don't want to grow up
Follow Follow Follow
Should I cut my hair?
i want a video for "drinks on me" thats my fav song <3 !
haha I wish. Maybe he'll go to the jingle ball and I'll find a ride up there and I'll get to meet a lot more ppl <3
I wasn't cheery. *shrug*
Hey, do you know of a play script equivalent of SmashWords?
No More YOLO its all about F.I.S.H (Fuck it, Shit hurts)
Bad news MT : Big #dcfy13 cut: DC Healthcare Alliance benefits 'restructured' cover 'primary and preventative care only.' $23M.
investors who pay capital gains taxes will take their monies elsewhere if we continue to hate on hedge funds
Anyone else want to start calling him Randy Wolfenstein 3D? I would also accept Randy Operation Wolf.
Thanks for the RTs and mentions yesterday.
To those who ride bike while "walking" a dog: STOP! When uncontrolled dog darts in front of & trips runner, said runner might end up in ER
hahaha! I'm not sure that dressing up like a tweenkie would be safe ;)
RT : Join us each day this week at 11:45am at Block Lunch in MGC to donate your unused mealswipes to Community Council for Homeless
Just got a list of 4000+ books from RCL that we supposedly have our shelves...this is going to take a while to confirm.
you too
Most #wikipedia articles begin as stubs, then grow steadily by community involvement
oh, certainly not. just talking about my own plans and scholarly role models.
attention friends makes the best shepeards pie in Newfoundland.
both were far more eloquent that my 140 character synopsis
Ah. Baseball.
Clearly a good day to catch the peloton napping.
where's Wendy?
Viva La Vida:)
With me having 's keys and said keys having pepper spray on them I'd say my chances of pepperspraytothedome are a solid 70%
the concept of YOLO isnt to drink, somke, and look like an idiot. its so live life to the fullest and love everyday of your life -amen-
is the new travel blogger making me never want to stay in a hotel again!
Lack of sleep, finals stress, and an empty stomach have all collided to induce the blaring of Phantom of the Opera tracks while studying.
Well law students are not short on that either. Not sure if it is self-selection or pressures of law school, which are real.
I am who I say I am dnt b nobody but yourself everyone else is taken!!
Interesting-thanks for sharing!
caught in a downpour at lunch again! Drenched! Honestly...it was fun:)
Visiting family in Gilbert, Arizona. Nicely removed subdivision!
Ah only 364 days till my favorite holiday again!!!!
buy the first and 2nd OF mixtapes
(cont) Please post a comment on Economonitor and I will explain in detail others interested too but too much for a tweet
. I think a boycott of tourism in North Carolina would say something.
What's everyone doing tonight? Get in here!
Why does my son have to turn off my xbox in the 4th quarter of a game! Why
if I knew that was going to last longer than two minutes, I'd hurry up and come in!
Can we redefine poverty as a lack of security? Physical, financial, emotional, etc
Organizing panel for RSA 2013: "Dissident Women's Correspondence Networks, c. 1640-80". Looking for a chair!
Is it enough, for you to just leave me? A couple fights, that we said we'd fight through. Just last week, you said that you need me.
so jealous wish I was there! Have a great time!!!
Arrests starting on lasalle and wacker bridge. It is shut down!
The Republic Tigers are great. Really tuneful, very talented. Hope you liked the film...
well yeah, 4 seasons--- hell
RT : Does anyone do eportfolios in a low tech school? #sschat >>Important question.
Aww I hope you feel better babe!!
it is Thomas lol I was too drunk Craig was the one in the Black shirt from Hooligans
Grading "special" teams | Um, that last stroke of genius | Makes it D- |
Seeing Selena's FB status made me happy <3 love you.I'm glad you are havin fun
Whatever the case, Malkmus is GOD.
Insane or reasonable to know all the words to take that's 'back for good'?
Everyone Makes Mistakes, But Always Remember To Admit Your Own Mistakes First Before You Point Out Someone Elses.
Unfortunately, the Seahawks didn't come to play today. if they score here its a wrap.
How does it bypass copyright laws?
Thank you!
+10000 RT : Woot! just got a super shout out for her work at the all staff!
My name is Hallie, I do marketing and PR for the museum. Nice to "meet" you!
you're a cutie. :p
Glencastle Dance School takes over Lakefront Brewery to promote Irish Fest, August 18th - 21st. Come see Cashel takeover Friday, July 22!
awww, you just don't know how to drive it.
The man in the mirror is my only opponent
Good Morning!
I love women who keep it classy but know how to make it nasty.
What are you looking for exactly? Money league, free league, etc?
damn thats crazy that just happin too me
oh yess!!!!! That would be the best day EVER!!!!!!
lol on the bus and im bored where is everyone???
Fake a frown you hurt others,fake a smile you hurt your self...
75% of SEO is quality link building, Social media networking is a great way to build links. Also building mini sites & industry directories
Was hoping to send you a DM about something, but can't for some reason...
I loved iCarly tonight best episode ever!!! I <3 1D!
My day has been made!!!!!! I'm not single anymore!!!!!!! <3 P.S. This is not Allie olo
I wouldn't want Shia anywhere near that role.
Looking forward to the Digital Rochester career fair this evening! Hopefully, everybody hasn't gone to sleep by the time I get there....
CD replication lines have been churnin & burnin. Duplication screaming too. Artists still need product at the gig! Hit us for t-shirts too!
Why must I be so screwed up in the head....?:/
“: the ONLY way the lakers winning is if Ron injure durant westbrook AND harden #AtTheSameDamnTime”
That dude Blake is beast .
oh yeah I also will eat at salmonella n thangs. Their chicken carpaccio is the best with homemade kombucha.
News: "Facebook Asks Users to Add Organ Donor Status" <-- Whatever...we sell them here on Twitter.
Who will go yard 1st this season: Albert Pujols or Bryce Harper?
trying to get away from him..as far as i can
yea for real yo, nxt they'll b rocking snapbacks, n guys might start wearing heels
mom says no shorts underneath. gah! mom, i don't want to be naked!
10K prize now unlocked! We have over 750 unique #AEDs entered, so the team or individual who submits the most by March 27 wins $10k!
Thanks for connecting Kyle.
No one understands how happy I am that this is my last year at glades <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
The sound design user interface is progressing nicely this week!
solved my problem, web site still needs work...
PHP WILL NEVER DIE
Yess it does
How much would a Kickstarter for a new season of The West Wing raise? Is "jillion" a real number?
Avatar was a great visual adveture. Like we finally got to see deeper into the alien city of the abyss.
Dubstep tonight! No cover, bass and cheap drinks coming at you all hard night!!!
": Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill"
Strive for the best!!~
Shaq being a doctor is too funny to me. But good for him
I know! What's up with that?!
Thanks! Its more about learning new tools and processes...AGH! Happy Friday!
yeah, face down probably. As usual. - Bulldog
Yes, have them fax it to 303-426-1200
A little trepidatious about looking over the book I "finished" the other day - well, screw it to the sticking place and all that
Last lyrical and pointe class for the year :D #fuckyes ..is it bad that i'm happy? WHATEVER!
It's embarrassing how many times I've listened to #callmemaybe. What is it about this song?! Please, someone explain it to me.
Thank you, Aaron!
OMG. Must try. Thanks!
Yeah but I work my ass off for it all.
We love partnering with churches who allow us to see students during non-school hours.
My brother is a belieber :)
and pledge your allegiance.
If he's is going to make claims like "10 years behind", I need a low-level analysis, not a comparison to update cycles.
I just get tired of some people.
Is anyone else concerned about the long lines at unemployment and rising.However #Obama thinks it is improving
Like free coffee? Our Columbus Commons location opens on Monday and we'll be serving up free coffee all day long!
Tweets u come to regret lmao RT : I love all people but I want to move somewhere where there are more black people
#WeWontWork if u aint bout bettering yourself! and coming up with ways to live comfortbly!
RT @ JasonBraud: If u find yourself trying or waitin for someone else to change its usually YOU that needs to change.
#SocialMediaTip be true to yourself
shout out to , you always look nice. NOLA group reunion over the summer?
yea I guess
im kinda hungry
Good..nah God life..LoLz
What About Another Skype Contest?
#imagine walking on the boardwalk with Austin, holding hands & he's shirtless. <3
#sales is not for sissies; your mental preparation is the key to success (vs. sales "techniques").
I know! But then again he might wanna keep it to himself for awhile.
Fun night at the studio !
"The detail and clarity is very pronounced... Very clean presentation better than I expected from PC's." -Bob N. loves his new Stratus
True, and 80's were markedly different than 70's, when less scripted and didn't know what the he'll may happen. Spontaneity kaput
finally...rain!
well Jesus, welcome to Twitter : ) If you have any tips on healing my pelvic fracture, send 'em my way.
just saw you on fox news here in Sacramento. Dude, you rock! Tweet4beer if your ever at a phillies game.
I think I broke my swagger. I accidentally turned it on a couple days ago...and it won't turn off.
back in from another long day & night of time lapse --- we shot some bAnGErZ son.
Today, me, at the Cock and Bowl in Occoquan, Virginia. Starting at 4PM, ending around 9PM. #Music Come on out.
Dem politicians proudly point to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act- the bill is nothing more than a false promise of reform.
Sure, if I'm out there on the weekends. Otherwise, we can swim at the Aquatic Park in the city.
Defining your ideal day gives you the ability to live intentionally rather than haphazardly.
Can my day get any worse?:(
Congratulations to former Blast intern Angie and her husband Bobby on the birth of their daughter!!
come by grizee n hang wit me .
Hoppin in the shower
Small screen satisfaction
We'll have to hold a private catered team #TSW2011 meeting to discuss. cc:
TIME TO FIND A NEW SHOW TO WATCH ON NETFLIX
Wish I could rate "Ease of Working With" LEO and Detention Centers in and around KC. WITHOUT Fear of Reprisal. MAYBE we should.
Ha! Indeed, it does!
what time? I got an audition in hollywood at 12.
The & Indy Wine Fest is coming up on Friday, March 2nd. We'll have 12 fabulous wines for you to sample!
You guys need to move back to El Lay already. Stop with this Riverside shet
Ah! That just reminded me that I have a pair of cheap, tinny brand headphones from an old lunch and learn. Cheers, sir!
TYVM for the #SO Have a great #Sunday!
There are only two reasons why you're disappointed: wrong person or wrong expectation.
2 years since My World<U+2661>
I hear it's T-Storming in Milwaukee. Reminds me of how cool the roof at #Millerpark is. 25 days until
Okay, you're getting annoying.
That's enough Miley Cyrus!
Um, would a guy dressed like Joss work?? RT : Joss.
we are!
Going to get chipotle<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098> I mean it's not like I eat anything else.
I'm ready! “: Join and for #designtv live at 5pm ET! We are talking #tradhome mag from ”
Okay seriously, how many times are they gonna let Julio Lugo screw up before they do something about it? START GREEN & GET RID OF LUGO!
just cracked a Labatts
True dat! RT : With over 1 million alumni, this isn't surprising! RT : no matter where I go I see ppl from SUNY lol
im deffinitly loving christina's hair tonight on
I hate when I get a boner in class & my desk flips over. ~.~ LOL.
>> We Are Providers of Quality Gifts For Him And Quality #Gifts For Her…Discounts...Excellent 100% Return Policy! #FREE Shipping
They really do not have enough skills to keep up with Kobe .
I can't wait to see it!
rt...yall could use a new fresh artist like me!!!! Im tryna go hard!!
Same Day Appts #Salon Full Mens #Barber Shoe Shine $75 #weave #braids #FlatIron Color Specialist Always on hand just for YOU!
its because I'm black and you either think I would eat it all or you don't want seem like a racist.
I need to see Frank Ocean live .
I cannot handle you watching Gossip Girl ;)
Going to the game? Park with us in our secure gated lot w/ on duty attendant. Open until one hour after end of game. 1207 G Street 92101
I am not inferior!
Sell Online Nixon Axe Watch – Men&#39;s All Black, One Size ...
Good morning everyone!
flight delayed?
No one likes you; feel free to go back where you came from (:
It was good, but since it's in LA, I wouldn't have minded hearing the Chili Peppers version instead.
I been hitting the gym hard lately. This summer about to be crackin
how much for a night
wonders what we are gonna do without ya!
I hate Mrs. Sunday _-_
3rd double shift iv worked this week super tired just got from work nice and comfy
Love this! RT : Gorgeously #green tip of the day: Dipping toothpicks in a little peppermint and tea tree oil is a great way...
haha i bet! and did they play the whole album?
yeah we workin hard tryin win state
it makes me feel fucking stupid when ppl don't reply to me!
Revise #history :)
yes some!!
Thanks!! =D
O Florida would be great. I'm hoping for a in Texas.
Going to be on #Skype for a few minutes. Say "Hi". mvaldes1200
Well, then I'd bet on you. That day comes every year and is always pretty much the same. You, OTOH . . .
Maybe they are using the Mayan calendar?
NAWWWWW YOU'RE SWEETER!! :D AW
... Siri tried to commit suicide!!!
I give it about another week unless he turns it around soon.
ohemgee! best time at azarias house!! going there tomorrow too! :-) xx
Why can't my life be like a movie?? :(
AP calls Tom Barrett as the winner of democratic recall primary race for Governor.
It is June 1, officially the first day of my kiddos summer vacation-eff, I'm exhausted, we may not make it till August! ;)
Deep fried Girl Scout Thin Mints are THE best! Usually found at fairs. :)
out in DC?
from jail?
great meeting last night at #TheRanch, chris! you're a funny guy. i'll drop you a line via email in a bit
I had a great time! Exhausting but fun and inspiring.
you don't even look full 'British' yourself...CHANGE
(kendall) that's right bro be there for your girl. (Me) just brush that off your shoulders girl :)
he kdkwnd so sweet
We'll be announcing on May 16th :) It will be a surprise for the teacher and students!
where did that come from LOL?
Good morning texts are my favorite <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Thank-you to for a great speech at the workshop last week about Grassroots Fundraising and Social Media!
Mixing it up today. Modern Marvels at lunch instead of Price is Right.
Kim:"how do i work this for baking cookies?" Me:"umm..well first thats the dish washer.."
awsome spitfire wheels though
IM GEEKED UP
Decided on the bar name for once I'm rich and can do whatever I want: The Utility Barkeeper.
thank you to for inclusion on this list: /social-media-to-be-giants
If you want top results, you need to do it everyday!
Thanks for tweeting this verse, I sure needed it today!
Need to work on my presentation with 's beard: Twin Beards of Stylish Awesome: The Aesthetics of Manliness
We give out free pizzas with contests and drawings all the time. Gotta be following and keep an eye out to win! :-)
#ItsFunnyHow people think size determines a female's beauty.
Congratz Bubba Watson! How many lefties have one the Master's at Augusta National? Major accomplishment B!
Awww. That's such a sweet promise<U+2665>
thumbs down!
I would like to just hang around after a #RomneyRally to see how many people are waiting for a check.
Indiana lost a sports icon today. The voice of the died this morning.
Everytime I hear Drake, I think of my rap escapades with and
Larry, Bro & Curly
You need to change you area from S.A to Miami:) Follow Me!:D
Getting ready for some lunch...maybe a cup of coffee??
I'm peeing right now omfg I'm nervous as if I were them about to perform
I hope Tim Berg cancelled his show in detroit because he realized how ridiculous the idea of having an EDM show in an arena is.
Ruby-Processing, I will comprehend you yet. I so swear it.
I was just wondering what problem changing my Twitter avatar could solve today.
I couldn't agree with you more. I tell it to everyone. 1st ballot HOFer if he retires after 1999, IMO
then movie time
Girls who have an awkward obsession with hello kitty <<< ..I mean how old are you? 4?
Discussing dissent : McGill Reporter
If a zombie were chasing me, I would just bite him first and make him un-undead. Why has nobody thought of this before?
i just feel really uncomfortable right.
thank you it means alot to me ;)
Watching Morning at night.
Did you watch it last night?
God of Carnage rehearsals began yesterday with Greg Wood, Susie Stevens and Julie Czarnecki for Fulton Opera and Walnut St Theatre. AMAZING!
RT : First Trivia Question coming up! Remember to follow to be eligible to win
Woa, I almost forgot that I hate technology
Thank you, Mr. Jobs, for making technology easy for the rest of us to use. You've changed my life. You've changed the world.
Chicago Bears draft Boise State defensive end Shea McClellin
How is life Alex?
Chickfila's breakfast is so fucking good.
that would definitely be a RT lol
your way cute!!!(:
to early to get excited or miserable!!
Markel: "Village A... rat heaven"
It does seem pretty underwhelming, but I don't know what that's about. She used to shine on Friends.
YOU HAVE M&MS?! come to me child
damn, that's one starchy lot!
Tech rehearsal starts tomorrow
Ravens defense op today, wish I'd drafted them instead of steelers
How does May 29 sound for our hiking road trip? That's the day after Memorial Day.
Who wants 2 make love tonight? Candles lit, roses, warm bubble bath, baby oil, blind fold, honey, feathers, anal beads, & a soft wet tongue!
"I hurt myself dancing last night"
Customer retention has been very strong for us over the past 3 years. Provide great service and they stick with you! Need Help? 866-258-5511
lmao shut up(:
i meant 3. the gnex is so awesome i counted it twice.
INS'T instead of ISN'T.
That used to be me, too. But something happened and I've been at my current co. 10 yrs now! Maybe I like it? ;)
Not a fun moment at all. Hopefully it didn't last long? Were you able to get back to studying for that final?
Accident 279S just b4 Camp Horne exit. Traffic on 79S moving but slow all the way back to at least Wexford.
j/k im sure he will call you soon :P
How's about from now on we only talk about #Rush in terms of that delightful Canadian rock band?
You should come to Milwaukee, once you get past the snow and fat, drunk Packer fans, it's really a nice city.
Gm beautiful x
I prefer your other crowns Princess! Don't be scared. It's gonna be OK!
your very welcome
I thought that was the case, but I wasnt sure...
I bet living in a nudist colony takes all the fun out of Halloween....
I started w/ middle school ed and 3 minors but decides I didn't want 2 teach n a classroom setting anymore So literary and
There is no better exercise for your heart than reaching down and helping to lift someone up -Bernard Meltzer
i will. wish you was here to come with /:
It's amazing how quickly 'you bet' has slipped into my vocabulary after two weeks in Milwaukee.
YES! FINALLY! copy me and get it shaved off!
Drove a luxury sedan Mercedes C250 yesterday. What's the point? It's just another fucking car !
these hoots are the originals!
My birthday was great! Thanks for throwing me such an awesome party! ;)
Finished up my lunch with leftover mocha birthday cake and apple pie. Finished up dinner with some French Silk.
Well, no wonder you missed out - of course writing a book trumps watching a TV show. Carry on.
Falling asleep in his arms>>>
oh I see! Ha ha! Do i have to fight this person now?
Thought you could be trusted once again I'm wrong :(
Wait until a Razorback steals his twitter name.
What will it take to help our local soccer players reach the highest rungs in women's soccer? How can you help make it so?
Need a breakfast idea that's delicious and inexpensive? Check out $2 egg sandwiches at the Bakehouse today! All varieties available!
Deval is a raging Queen. It's not out yet but mark my words, it will be.
HAPPY HOLIDAYS from all of us at Kennedy’s! Don’t forget to stop by one of our locations if you need any last-minute Guy gifts!
When im in this gym, i aint got NO stress!
funniest thing ever...my bro is in Arkansas and they don't sell Imperial Sugar there. He just called me asking me what is he going to do.
Ha! MT annericefights | Every time sends out their weekly email, I kinda get excited.
Beta testing through the weekend. Grateful.
DNR says limited bull moose hunt this fall; will close 2 NE Minn zones. Says limited season won't affect pop; plenty bulls for those cows.
Take Care. Don't stress about tomorrow; because if you let him, God will take care of you. RT if you believe this.
I love red velvet cake... But it plays with my mind.
Well I have no one I look up to in the Entertainment industry following me either - Eh C'est la vie - All in due time!
Props to the Living Social Beer Fest organizers for providing free ponchos!
4.4.4 is out! Added an option to let auto play continues after clicking an image (finally), and counter bug fix with circular carousel.
"Content downloads and game play should not be affected." It HAS been affected.
I want u 2 no that I will always b there 4 u! We r goin 2 b BFFs 4eva! Luv ya lots have a great birthday! I wish u many more!
Styling Victoria & Tony's engagements today! I love spending my day with couples in love!
thank you ladies! I was happy to be there :)
tommy linn gave me 50 dollars today!
I need one more follower and it's a even 2100!!
A note on tonight's high school football game I attended: Cheerleaders... learn about football. Cheering lost yardage is frowned upon.
LOL! Yes we have to catch up! I've been on twitter since 09.LOL! Happy 4th!
Watching Iron Man 2 with and don't realize he fell asleep until he literally wakes up screaming at the top of his lungs! Haha!
Makeup experts state that you should replace your mascara every 3 months and your foundation every 6. Do you follow this rule?
you need to remind people to follow the money on all the negative ads right to Karl Rove, Dick Army & the Koch Brothers!
Is it me or does VHI put blacks in a bad light?
im sorry and follow your heart
#WaysToGetWomenMad eating off they plate when they preggo
Ability level didn't matter as much as social conversation in encouraging continued play in WOW. So ... more social tweets?
if i wear the sequins i have to go buy new shoes tomorrow. Darn it :)
I waited my whole life to be the man of the hour I really can't lie I was the man when I started I'll be the man when I die
Two more followers until 700!
(CXP) sharply accelerates professional services firms’ capacity to scale and deliver results that business leaders expect.
Ha! Yes. Emails soon!
: you feeling okay? How bad do u not want to be here? Lol
glad to hear I wasn't just imagining it!
XIFIN White Paper Evaluates Technology-Driven Back-Office Improvements That Can Double Laboratory Profitability
Dear 1D haters I watch CSI, I can make your death look like an accident.
Caravaned w supporters to Linda Vista, San Ysidro & Adams Ave 2day in behalf of 4 mayor of San Diego. Great response!
At this moment I am laying in bed visualizing the various ways I could kill the construction workers upstairs.
dude look at my most recent tumblr post.
I really should be studying for exams and doing the rest of my homework that I might have, but ya know...
Any adult who would repost videos of children fighting or acting foolish needs to get a life. Yes, I'm talking to YOU!
Breakfast at Friendly's today :D
aw thx. I'll be praying for you too!!!
Just finished a marathon of 4 episodes of californication, and the newest 30 rock, office and parks and rec. Pretty good sit if you ask me.
Republican. If you would be willing to help, email me at . We have a very good chance of beating him.
First day of the second session of the High School Composers Workshop. Looks like a talented bunch!
thx! would love to get u all on our site! RT :
they're heaven. There are ones that are vinyl, but these are leather. $52 at Macy's.
You can be a great player at an average program or you can be part of an elite team and become a superstar.
starting the morning at then off to the Ohio Historical Society's library in hopes of a more interesting experience this week.
If this was a normal day, I'd be working right now. So you know what I'm doing? Writing, working.
when did kalua pig start getting called kalua pork?
the problem with g+ is that nobody uses it. it feels like an empty restaurant in there.
This ain't the type of swag that you look at the tag
#MMchat Listening + Engagement = secret sauce of social
Should Clew Heyward be immortalized in Monument Park?
Well, it's wacky Wednesday again!
They play different positions but The Cavs made the right decision
Mom and sister in the kitchen cookin up somethin delicious. Dad and i watchin football. Life could not be any better.
I suck at this tweet shit. I don't know what the fuck I'm doing on here. I'm still hook on Facebook. lol
#brewers wolf throws cookies has to have george catch hi maint lefty
I'll have you know I deal strictly in preserves
that's the problem. The system right or wrong must for order even if we disagree corrections are made. Perfection is rarity
I don't believe in heroism; I know it's easy and I've learned it can be murderous. What interests me is living and dying for what one loves.
"Welcome to my house party! Party!"
What ever happened to the concept of health care reform where ALL participants came to the table as willing participants?
For the CMF Solitude remix I looped phone recordings. Considering using my tape recorder to make real industrial tape loops sometime...
he's teaching music & gardening. Married. Living in east aus. Did u know he was from phila?
The only thing classier than riding to work in an is me riding to work in an
is getting cabin fever from being sick all week
I know the jury is still out, but I can assure you that ninjas were NOT the cause of 9/11.
if you ask for a collab/promo on twitter then i know for sure we can't be friends
Waiting for u to follow me back is like waiting for a shirtless pic of !! Follow me back??? No.. Le cry :'(
I think I drank to much hahaha
My circle like a cemetery people die to get in
Based on tweets, it would seem I'd like this #80Plates show. But without cable...or a TV...I won't be watching it live.
GOOD MOOD
Friday is the last day I'll accept anything that isn't the final!
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, 'Call to Me and I will answer you, and I will tell you great and mighty things, which you do not...
The Yankees played really good tonight :) I thought they were going to come back and win it! Hope you had fun! :)
Fun week, a new intern joined our team. Congrats to Devin Hays. Mixing a great album and working on the new Killer B's MixHouse website.
Finally! Anyone else following this debate? RT DeRogatis: Pitchfork invites advocates to balance Odd Future.
what a lonely life that must be. :oop:
Thanks for the invite jackwagon.
Volusia County mapping initiative, data, whose got it and how can we share it.
I'm judging the shit out of this slutty book cover.
ugh done with the spanish h.w!
Stay thirsty, ma fren.
Thanks for the 411 / link, we are passing it around!
But you hesitatin debatin' whether or not it's real I ain't shootin game, boo, I'm just tellin you how I feel
You said it! MLB.tv is awesome
I think twitter is more addicting than Facebook .at least my readers on Quizazz can know more about my actions than my friends and family :)
Hello from a Red Crosser across the Atlantic in another Mediterranean climate! I look forward to practicing my Spanish.
I just wanted to try something new. Lesson learned. Never had a store-bought smoothie before.
IndyCar Series, Indianapolis Motor Speedway, and Lucas Oil announcing partnership involving Indy 500 & Riley Hosp. 11 a.m. tomorrow.
This is now my 2nd internship in which I've lived through a record heat wave with no A/C. At least I've got internet this time.
came from the bottom wit out a stain on my shirt. bitch
I want to thank everyone who's following me on twitter you guys are awesome
nice! been lookin at their arc too. need to play with the toys I already have though :)
Today consists of editing baby photos & beginning two new wedding design projects!
#ImSingleBecause I jump into a relationship too fast
WHAT HAPPENED TO HUMANS!?!
8:20 break from writing - Kirby teaches Howell how to scoop 7-Layer dip without breaking the chip.
No, no But there were a few Congresswomen there! “: Hello! You were addressing Congress again? #Motorama”
Congratulations on level 60!!!! :)
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment
I need to stop feeling sorry for myself.
In need of some company trying to get live before I go home
Hate to be ageist, but most older activists (boomers) tend not to impress me all that much. This is not Cocoon. This is revolution.
our seniors not being here today..:'( <\3
I pretty much ground my teeth watching your boys handle business on the boards. Once Perkins went down, that was all she wrote.
I feel like I've been cleaning this fucking room all day. And I'm still not done! Shit I need some vodka.
Oh wow, Holtby. Wow!
Im about to take a second run at this Twitter gig, maybe even get Tim going... Whats good in the 'Lo?
It fest time.....Go CUBS!
I hate getting flashbacks from things I dont want to remember.
Twitter. Forums. Facebook. Plain ol' email. (so old fashioned, I know)
Do you think #digitizing #classrooms is a good idea?
The dentist wasn't so bad specially since they had bridesmaids playing while they were poking me with needles.
Bootstrapping a new business? Great! But try doing from within an existing business. Not as easy. MD needs resources to grow that!
just came from web 2.0 for newbies...came away w/ 5 new and free sites to use in the classroom!
The body is merely a reflection of our soul. Our soul is a reflection of our spirit. The spirit is a reflection of who we were meant to be.
Happy Holidays from Columbia College!
I see #snow!!! Please stick, please stick, please stick!
awe taannkkkss (: I thought it was kinda clevver cause I put my name austin and cody in it
Today is the day of the spirit of the Lord Jehova! JOEL 3:10!
If #RonPaul walked on water, #FoxNews would report that Dr. Paul can't swim.
I'm watching GA tonight and i swear you're wearing a avenged sevenfold belt buckle, but i could be mistaken. If so \m/
Sometimes we laugh,sometimes we cry
ah ... Awesome!
lol. gonna beat me up tomorrow?
Jason Mraz + A&W root beer = a GOOD day! ;)
Just got high-fived by a library patron for helping him out with a MS Word problerm. You know, I liked that even better than "thanks!"
I bet you are right.
Wanted to thank publicly for helping solve my hacked twitter account problem. Sorry to anyone else that got spammed from me.
I'm just saying you gone be boo loving soon u ain't got not job. Play smart
Ok, I bought coke, hot cheetos, and candy. What am I missing?
TWITTER FRIENDS PLEASE FOLLOW ME IF IM FOLLOWING YOU THANKS
Watching The Bodyguard with my dad. First time I saw it I was 6!! Still love it.
thank you Phil for the beautiful drawing. your generous time and unique talent is truly a gift.
i voted n voted n voted hundreds of times today, follow back??
thank you! I'm happy to be back!
nothing wrong with some funk before catching some Z
what is not to like? You look amazing! :D
For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name shall be called Wonderf ...
"Bubbles & Berries" a smokin-hot cocktail at Ocean Prime...anti-oxidant aspirations(?!)
Words mean nothing. Its actions that are important. Don't speak if you can't do.
My dad just now: "Hey, did you see that Hockey East might be getting UConn?" No Dad, I hadn't. Please tell me more.
This 140-character idea of yours is so crazy, it just might work. I’m in if you’ll have me.
LET'S GO CLIPS!!! Butler is beast and you know it...
RT The thing about a story is if you are not the author, you can only infer the meaning from the details...
A5 As a news consumer I can tell when news orgs just churn content out for the sake of it. I quickly lose interest.
Scientists need to get involved with the dialogue. - Shawn Lawrence Otto
Class is real chill today
love u too
Chilling at home
If you believe in telekenesis, raise my hand.
in the lab my nig wit ...fina make a
woo i should get mine out and we can have a race! :) love you .xx
and Harvey McKnight -- many thanks for your support !
i do the wrong things for the right reasons
maybe in a few years :P.. You never know.. I love Mercedes-Benz
RT : Happy Monday! We are OPEN, so come explore!
Getting Adobe Hypatia sans font with my CS5 registration!
I believe in Karma, Mainly because I can do bad things to people I don't like and assume they deserved it .
Please tell me you took the over on this prop bet. I've been hitting it ever since Kyle entered the league.
You should give and a shout out!
I knew that bitch wasn't going..!! I shoulda did what I said I was gonna do..!!
And I'll be paying tuition instead of receiving a paycheck.
I swear this is the dumbest dog ever
¤ In the right light at the right time everything is extraordinary. Aaron Rose
just some word i started saying:)
#MyThoughtsDuringSchool #IWonderIf (insert peers name here) has a big dick???
Why why why the #violence?? RT : Official: 5 of 9 people shot by gunman at IHOP restaurant were Nevada National Guard members.
. actually just said Democrat party. Hey Mutt, it's DEMOCRATIC party.
Not down with the sneaky shit. If your my friend be my friend don't let someone elses hatred for me affect that.
RT "Web experiences are now just mobile experiences." on how the desktop will vanish for many in the coming years.
Going to my Grandpa's later (:
Nice! RT : 30 minutes until #cashmobs is on the Today Show!
Conf leagues are the 1st solution. Custom leagues are the best one, but we can only market things to a certain point ;)
SAM YOU WHORE I miss you
morning sunshine!!
I am back to TWITTER with a vengeance after being ill for a few weeks!!
Could you explain what you mean by that? I think I know what you're getting at but I'm not sure
using will get people to his tweets. (Hi Brian!) still need to register
“: Mitt Romney's kids have gigantic Adam's apples.” and strong chins. It's almost creepy.
It hasn't hit me yet, in 1 week I would be moving out of UG and tally. Damn I remember when I first move in palmetto north.
Peace sir
#ThingsILookFor in a man: smarts, humor, hotness and an incredible ability to be kinky in public with no one knowing.
be nice.
hi guys. been absent from twitter for 3 days. anyone wanna fill me in on things? that'd be great. ;)
Kreider with the wrister... can we say #collegehockey kids come out prepared for big time hockey!!
Hml if u tryna get up this evening, I'm down for the cause!
How do you invest in Gold and Silver investments in the Philippines? brand x :P
you're welcome! HNY!
A person who is a specialist in wine making is called an oenologist
not a laker fan but I can respect that W! Much needed, kobe is a freak.
shannon ,, yu took my idea :)
Museum and Gallery Listings for April 27 — May 3 - New York Times
Sj stands for "oh how I love pasta."
Metta world war just said "ima just go into OKC and rep my good.. Queens bridge you already know" .. Wtf hahahaha
Dressing on the side
Get this: you, me and #drewsmith, all at same Cubs game on Sun. True story. We got tix right before rain delay.
As always: purchase any book on Sunday and get a free cup of coffee and a vegan donut from Red Rabbit Cooperative Bakery!
QUESTION OF THE DAY: Who does God say that You are?
| Bad link to view first tv commercial. Also, we emailed you via site & have not had any reply. Can you help?
beautiful sentiment :)
she's followed but u havta mention me plz thx
DM me dude.
Classic, simple and elegant. Very pretty! RT : Who loves Claire Danes in black and white? We do!
Been in my room all day
MT “: cleaning up PBS 2006 inventory of over 132,000 videotapes for sharing with the American Archive
Dude if I don't get a call before 12 I'm seriously going to sleep
Wow God Works in mysterious ways. Just when u think u have it all figured out on your own u find out u couldn't have been more wrong <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I hate when I accidentally RT myself.
I need to have chipotle soon cuz i never had it before
Thumbs up and hold! Hold...hold...hold...and...hold. Cut!
Watching 90210 and i hate cheaters
- damn, he was high on my list of potential trade targets.
Yes I just ate a 12 pack of Oreos .....jealous?
Litteralllly . The level of love I have for Sterling Knight is unbelievable .
Whatever creativity is, it is in part a solution to a problem. - Brian Aldiss
“To those devoid of imagination a blank place on the map is a useless waste; to others, the most valuable part.” <U+2015> Aldo Leopold
crazy right?
I'm NOT feeling Tony's performance!
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. - Lao Tzu
i hate when people act differently when they are around certain people
Uh oh. Starburst jelly beans are back. This is gonna hurt my workout, I can tell.
Sid is back!!
Thanks so much for the following! Have a great weekend!
Thanks for the support !!! Album is dropping around Aug 10th, very excited!!
Finally back on twitter. No longer terribly sick, but I still have laryngitis. I hate not being able to sing >_<
pshh i see how it is lol
yes! Terribly upset! did a great article on it.
needs to host a car show. I know you're a car guy. I just have that feeling
Game 2. Only beat me by 5.
Its not that I don't like you... But if I had a cup of water, and you were on fire , I'd drink the water
He That Will Not Be Counselled Cannot Be Helped
Good seeing you guys on the news last night. Sucked seeing the old Sonic highlights... Especially when OKC is winning games.
I thought that about him too. But he's not afraid of a terrorist attack! He's afraid of a volcano that won't errupt again!
Lying to herself because her liquors top shelf.
dude I know what you mean. Not even a cm like a fucking milicentimeter.
And if you are not following or haven't checked out , you should be!
Hate having to wake up for school
Absolutely! Now just trying to get ready for the holidays.
Someone's late......
Coach Marshall didn't lie when he said this is the best recruiting class he's ever been associated with.
San Diego 30 Atlanta 24 with MVP of Philip Rivers. Time for near miss teams to break thru. And Tebow starting by week 6
Is the Summer Film Series lineup going to be announced this week? I AM DYING OVER HERE. :-)
Day off! The question now is, fun or rest?
timeout on the field as Mike Lookingland is shaken up. :33 left in 2nd with Wave on the powerplay.
Im not sure of how you value sincerety
Even though you dumped me, I hope you are having a dino-mite birthday weekend!
Thanks for the FF.
Happy Valentines Day!
lol, truetrue. I'm so glad I'm not in school anymore. C:
GOOD MORNING PORTLAND & HAPPY FRIDAY!!
Very nice awards dinner at UMUC tonight. Great to see so many librarians get recognized.
it was really fun:) i am going to post some pics later
What up nigga?
Our clothing line partners, is pulling out a limo from
I always assumed Obama and will smith would get along well as friends. And no, it's not because they are both black. But it doesn't hurt
Sorry your Mom has not discovered the joys of the internet. You just keep calling her. cc:
Crying cuz i know is only 2 hours away and i cant see him tonight, i still support you cody! I LOVE YOU CODY ROBERT SIMPSON <3
Looking forward to your article Dr. G!
This is true, it is sort of time consuming. I love thrifting, though, so it's the trade-off of getting clothes for 89 cents!
I forgot Jerry Orbach was in UNIVERSAL SOLDIER!
A full body massage sounds WONDERFUL right now!! M...M...M...
Incredible opening to #AribaLIVE, Bob Calderoni discussing the #networkedeconomy & similar benefits of personal & business commerce networks
I cant wait for this semester to be over!
making a pizza for me and me kids.
": WARNING: Massive amounts of David Williams hate is about to come from my timeline." Bring it there cant be enough hate for him
Hello everyone thank you for welcoming Healthy Hair Products. Please visit today. www.healthyhairbyracheal.com 1800-910-8603
Alumnae say they received concrete benefits from Girl Scouts such as having a safe place to try new things.
I'm excited to see your upcoming Hopemob segment on CNN this morning. Way to go, brother!!
Sorry you lost your game! Stay cool today!
sure, about what?
FREE CA$H CO N BIG D
oh please share his name
Durant playing flag football and Chris Paul on Family Feud. Gotta love the
Thank you! We are too, we cant wait to get in the studio, your gonna love the new songs!
Today feels like a non-stop Breathe Carolina dayy(:
Qwitter... if you only knew how much you mean to me!
Good morning twitterverse!!!!
So much of my degree is explaining why it matters
Say Bro I'm Getting Ready To Make That Happen Damn Shame!
Gotta buy a 1 yr old a birthday gift. I need help. My idea of a sweet universal remote control got shot down. I'm clueless on this matter
been there done that hate that feeling
See u in 2042...your 30th yr in the biz!“:I read your blog...hope one day I can attend NSAC as a judge & inspire students like you!”
Not by looks, bc Lubick much bigger, but John Havlicek...dude made money off of setting picks
Who is coming to TLG/FCCMA 2011 #TLG2011? Check out all the innovative sessions at www.tlgconference.org.
thanks girl love you too!!!
Snow just started here, and it's coming down very heavily! 2 min and the grass is white already
Least is happy to see me...
- luvin your designs online, do you have a store on Melrose too?
All done serving papers today. I have a stack to do in dayton ohio tomorrow
Thx! RT: just want to tell you how much i enjoy your tweets re: internal branding/employee comms. Always insightful.
Taking a break from Skyrim to relive my trip to Istanbul in AssCreed Revelations. Amazing city, can't wait to go back.
At the NBCU sales meeting did great!! Can't wait for his new show!
You and me both. Was told the official picture will be available in about a month.
haha I like your hair hahah I'm weird
my homie & my best friend <U+E418>
totes ma goats!! :)
I escape one way or another. No more walls." — Anaïs Nin...Powerful!
Ah food coma
Pop Punk (Until the Day I Die).
follow her <3
Good for me as a professional, risky for me as a consumer? RT : By 2020, 80% of all media will be digital
Yeah. "Accidentally."
I love Greek food
Thanks for that feedback. We're working hard to improve our experience and make things fast, smart & easy.
Birthday greets from my NY/East Coast & SFO/ West coast Fam.. Aww! That is so sweet!! Thank you, Thank you!!! I miss you all especially NY<f0><U+009F><U+0097><U+00BD>
#Thingsbabymamassay WHO THE FUCK IS THIS BITCH!!?? {WHO?} THE BITCH PICTURE YOU JUST LIKED!!!
Oh definitely. To me, it means not hurting anyone and helping others when I can.
Aww, I was just gonna say that sounded almost David Lynchian.
Can't wait for the weekend. Maybe kennywood w Bailey Saturday!!
T4: Hospitals' use of Pinterest seems to be a good way of providing good info... BC it lives in Pinterest, not on their website.
idle hands imperil ipa now pouring.
owww that's cool
yup!!! Crazy it's at 10am for me
THEY TOOK ME OFF THE TOUR 4 BULLSHIT REASONS!!!! I AIN'T TRIP W/ NOBODY!!!! WTF????
Got some cute cute stuff for my new bathrooms tonight! Getting so excited!
Hope this is a great weekend for you !
my grandma just offered me beer
Should auld acquaintance be forgot, and never brought to mind? Should auld acquaintance be forgot, and auld lang syne. ~Robert Burns 1788
Would love to connect at #ctia and chat if you are available. Please DM me, Thx!
Life will sometimes hand you a raw deal don't take it to heart learn from it
Don't miss Tuesday night's webcast, profiting from Social Networking online! register at http:// www.Bonamour.com
Chicago got a steal with that 4 year deal for Michael Bush if you ask me!
. 's ads for #googlechrome are like free advertising for Apple.
We start gathering at 11:00 AM on the Capitol Steps.
dear lung, I hate you. especially when you prevent me from breathing....on a 3 day weekend. sincerely, breathless
Auditions for Arizona Jewish Theatre, Actors Theatre of Phx., and Childsplay to be listed on Durantcom.com
Someone got my debit card number and wipes my account out! I have zero balance.
#ColdKickinItLive “: Romney supporters at SC HQ, putting on a happy face, just did The Wave. Governor expected momentarily.”
It's fantasy; another world... Gruesome, lots of intrigue.... :-)
Kincade be pump faking too much bro lol
ill send you both one when I finish feeding my cousins! :)
I've even had to retweet the spurs stat man about lennon!! Downing is fucking awful!!
ahah trust me there are xD
Question from a reader: Will the McDonald's reopen at another part of the airport or is it gone for now?
screw her
: you need to stay there, as my biannual Boston drinking partner :)
”Being witty is like push-ups or jogging. If you work at it hard enough, you improve.”
Your talking to a stranger im not that girl anymore. <U+2665>
Happy B-Day Orson! enjoy your day.
Lol poor you.
it's alright. I understand. Hey! (with Keller Williams) is going to call you about a mortgage for one of her clients.
enjoying your tweet links! Do you travel to all these countries?
Not trying to start this week just yet...
have u worn all those clothes?
Registration is $75 per attendee, a portion of which is a tax-deductible donation to the George Mason University Foundation.
thanks for following God Bless
I'm down.
RT : RT : Jessie J: It's not about the money money money. Mr. Krabs: Da F*CK you just say?
Getting ready for the start of
My TL is full of 's battle with Comcast
It just keeps getting better & better. (:
Btw gotta shout out to my basketball team for their win! So nice being a proud
U NEED TO BE DOING YO WORK!!
Your short without heels on!!
Hear my prayer god give ear to the words of my mouth psalms 54:2.
Anyone in Philly want to get a drink later?
Lol, this might be a bad time to mention that I don't drink
Did you know there are still units left for Fall 2012 in Historic Florence Court? Call 612-703-RENT
Time Efficiency Tip #1. When your computer is slow, don't go to your social media sites. Just wait or buy a new computer.
Yeah but it wont be bad.
Sweet! We talk about something new each week. All are welcome!
RT when you going ..if I do go around 5
ok I'm eating dinner then showering then calling you...you gonna be up?
Booth #1 has everything you'll ever need at #FakeDevLearn (probably cuz we have 2 vendors sharing the same booth)
r u Typin in tha New Password?
U are a real tough guy beating up on a woman. I hope you sit in prison and get your ass kicked a few times punk.
Where is Zack? are you okay? I'm so sorry about everything. You were better in my book.
he got that whole spot tatted w/ cartoons and differnt shit
You're welcome, I don't worry I don't take anything personally, lol.
Is there a Pandora for road runner cartoons yet?
AH! We still have 5 minutes... come on guys!
All that I know is At An end!l
Forget your heart it's your bank I wanna break, it's just your money I'm after baby.
MT : 6 of us old-timers went 2Post-office to-day. Postmaster Yost had no beer, so we made a motion to adjourn in disgust.IN1873
The AC, which provides tax breaks to small employers if they offer HC coverage for their workers, might slow that trend.
I love when the person on grill messes up an order, so I get free food(:
U should know I just won the Heisman & Natty Champ w/ u on NCAA '10 (Xbox) Expect these results 2 be repeated in reality.
It is as much the duty of government to render prompt justice against itself, in favor of citizens, as it is .. between private individuals.
Happy Birthday ! May your Servatti's never run out of buttercream frosted yellow cake. Enjoy this beautiful weather.
damn, guy on the elevator. you were adorable.
Stick with it--- you can do it! :) #HCG #weightloss RT This hcg/low calorie diet thing will be the death of me.
One of our medicated Oatmeal White Chocolate cookies will get you ready for your day! #cannabis Remember to vote today on Measure M!
I could care less who wins Super Bowl XLVI but my prediction is Patriots by 7! #LAneedsprofootball! :/
VDO Promote Advertising Division.
So you're saying there's a chance???
Learn what really works in Sales & Marketing. Speaker at the Sales & Marketing Luncheon on March 21st is Voss Graham . Mark your calendar.
thanks, tho I feel like its sub-par :/, idk wat to do to make it better. any ideas?
I am such a music snob.
#Chuck Norris won the 1983 World Series of Poker, despite holding only a Joker, a Get out of Jail Free Monopoloy card, a 2 of clubs,
Other people often buy pain medication to ease neck pains, however, medicating is not enough. You need to know its root cause first!
Actually looks like Wisconsin in February!
Only 364 more days to see if will tweet me for my birthday.
good mid morning
Herman Cain: "Gotta catch 'em all!"
and should be twitter bugs together
Lakers ALL DAY :)
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort. Franklin Roosevelt
Sounds like fun
FORTUNE COOKIE FORTUNES, THANKING THE MOON, LISSY'S FRIENDS by Grace Lin. Looking forward to visit in March!
Tonight!!! Take the giants/ jets OVER
maaannn.....im fanna get on myspace.
imah call or txt her later
This season of #BehindTheMusic has been real good. Maybe it's just the fact they're doing artist who changed the game. *Shrugs*
OMG! you made my day! Thanks so much for following me!! :')
lol those rock my world. I'll send the recipe. :)
games r won and lost at the FT line RT : Like my coach always said, free throws win games. Are you listening MU?
I just went on ahead and stayed at the Dale, but yeah whenever you get some guap come smoke wit da kid
What a Monday! Look at all these sexy & smart followers Thx
A5: they'd need to shut down the internet. fans want to track mult games at once vs. watching a game...reminds of Fantasy Football.
Seminar for NY Actors seeking commercial work. 8/10 @ 7PM. $30. Email for more info.
Kind of blue by miles Davis never fails me with its genius
sure. Great you?
I asked about you!!! Wish u where here too!!!
: Did that guy just use the "some of his family's best friends" trope to justify their bigotry? Biblers can't have it both ways.
I would but I'm gonna be having an intense one on later. Workin on stuff now. how you doin?
But the amount and speed of muscle build-up will be determined by nutrition
Now corruption!
good morning (:
bruh i gain followers then loose them. Wad up with dis thoo??
It was so cute even tho I don't have any child of my own
Happy Mothers day :-)
I think that's Karma for not seeing me while you were in the Springs.
"Never see me planking unless I'm on your girlfriend"
sounds like your missing a pretty good Preds-Bruins game it's tied at 1 at 2nd intermission
work work and more work roll on 5 pm
sobriety?? I back it...keep up the good work youngblood.
So Exited!! <3
Happy Thanksgiving and best wishes!
Thank you.
Wish you the best of luck i believe today was the last day to vote for NYX! i hope you make the next round! much love!
Google is not the only source for online mapping! OpenLayers is an open source alternative that supports other stuff.
both are awesome!
out with me! That can cause a big ass drama! Omg
Awhh!! I love youu too cousin! :)
#Praying for Shelby hiser
had turn off the tv hahahha , is ridiculous :s
FRIDAY NIGHT! Opening reception of "The Dream Got Control" - the works of Ric Stultz! 6pm - 9pm! snacks/drinks/music! COME ON DOWN!! :D
The majority of materials have been acquired. Today's work is accomplished. Now to sleep.
Less is more; Bauhaus, Chicago School; form follows function. Modern architect, Mies van der Rohe, b. 27 March 1886.
come to campus ridge i need goods
it would be prerecorded, obviously. You could just call it "that guy"
#YouKnowYouAtClark when the hallway decorations look badass & awesome.
Oh... our website is: www.microventuresupport.org Go to the right side down towards the bottom and download our auto running slideshow.
they see me mowin my front yard.
Sick as fuck.. Sore as fuck.. Ima try to sleep.. Someone please come shoot me in the face..
More great Janda & daring film for the time - alas, Man of Iron, too topical, too rushed, too much message
how do these rap groups get paid for show..indiv prices..or one Fee Split equally?
Often the letter-writers (fans, sycophants, friends of friends) mean to be polite, too. Then they fail.
I was definately thinking of #cincodewempen on Saturday!
Can't wait
who knows? Time Warner Cable guy went to look in alley 30 minutes ago & has not returned. Glad I am using my day off for this.
Concert was AMAZING last night. I had an absolute blast =)
The bulls gotta be cursed. Smh get well soon d. Rose.
lmao you'll be surprised what one souks say in the heat of an argument
Why do I think I should eat a pastry with my coffee just because I'm a #SaturdayLibrarian? It's not like I burn more calories on Saturday.
Check out this Autogra
I like wen fine girls dnt speak.... Them be the bitches that fucc yu over anyways...
For 2012, I am thinking that I may not set any long term goals for the year, but smaller shorter term goals throughout the year.
Yup weren't down by 29 this game. Let's see how the next goes. Hopefully we take it.
RT Banning is not the answer. New technologies help students learn.
how u know he ain't followin u
i keep pushing people away and i really need someone right now.
Why Automating Social Media Marketing Could Hurt ... - Deon Designs
is out of town for work, so I'm left alone to relax.
hehe-you're going to be really thrilled then when I launch the downloads! :D That paper was an awesome buy
Yes. Yes, they will mind…and the TSA might ask some questions too!
My dad would ask me to go up to Crown Point tonight, my busiest day of the week.
exactly!! Right? I feel like all my friends from the last 10 years are dying!
I'm leaning towards that too, but where do you get punched? I think it matters
hello from upstate NY...
his hairline tho you know lebron is happy
Brock hits a grounder to the right side BASE HIT! Yount scores, Braggs to 2nd and it's 4-0 Brewers in the 2nd!
#musesocial gets a shout out at #aam2012!
OH and on white bread, with a huge glass of chocolate milk. ;)
little violent there....
lmao @ your last tweet. She never ever says anything at all!
Hello drama lama. LOL
Yes just in time for happy hour at #biglous (; awesommmmeeee!!!
EIGHT PRESIDENTS were born British subjects: Washington, J. Adams, Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, J. Q. Adams, Jackson, and W. Harrison.
Be a best friend tell the truth and over use I love you go to work and do your best and love like crazyy
back in ny. love! on a bus...almost off the bus...
I like telling people to Boogle it, best of both worlds ;-)
Working on a script-Therapeutic-on this rainy ass day. Let's hope that it actually is what it's titled.
Audition done. Now time to hopefully make some money.
Ooh, definitely a recipe for disaster. Windshields can be replaced. Stay safe!
The worst pitching staff in baseball strikes again. 6-5 Royals.
Orange is an awesome color! :) Enjoy the game!
Sadly far too true! They've sold to Clear Channel pending FCC approval
Lol RT LOLL RT : Andrew Bynum looks like he pees between parked cars
Current students! A recording of "Advice from Recent LIS Professionals" is available in the LIS Support module in Learn@ UW! Thoughts?
RT if Justin's ass is better than yours.
Finally done with work. Time to go home and count down the hours until the weekend!
I'm way too happy to b #home. Much needed break.
Studying on Spring Break...
don't tweet at me while you're boning dude! It's gross!
Lots of cool ideas coming out of the #nycsw feed too!
Really glad to be off Facebook. Wtf do I really need to know what someone is having for dinner? Good God!
Mills--I became a stripper to see what was most horrifying to me. I got fired from stripping for wearing a Wobbly shirt!
Um yeahh..... its really kinda wierd when you walk past some chick at orintation and shes sucking on a tube of chapstick...uh
send your flyer or album cover to and we will post your banner on EMP Urban Music
bro, he is legend. One of a kind brilliant, brutal, honest
how dare you not post any pics of ur NEW puppy!! we all wanna see him !
Killed it in NYC this weekend but
Got asked if I was going to watch the Masters. I laughed.
Last night, at this very moment, it was snowing in Madison, Wisconsin. Okay, the ground was too warm for anything to stick, but still.
SE corner of Amber & Bellmore. L&I was there when I took the photo on Wed. It's been there a long time!
Hey man, I make pretty good intsrumentals. There not the reg, but its great hiphop. Check them out if you have time. -Con
WOW Nick! I would like my body to be the female version of yours.:-) Takes so much discipline!
Happiness is being re-pinned by 20 strangers ;-)
If you become the mayor of American Beverage, can you give yourself a day off?
The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
And that's a fair concern, absolutely.
Solid 4-0 win over comets!
you don't have to lie to make friends (;
Thanks to KEXP's Sonic Reducer show for spinning my solo record. I bet their phones were ringing off the hook.
Back to business
was amazing yesterday in Denver!!!! Thank you for coming to Denver guys
wow u need some taking care of huh got 3some on ya mind in da mid of day
RT It's hard acting like we don't know eachother anymore.
Always depressing to watch a bunch of old men making stupid decisions in a vacuum where no one dares tell them they are wrong.
My puppy just ate the rabbit's foot gave me. #angrybestfriendtweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Forget plush spider toys. I've decided on a mechanical blue spider made from Legos. Will send parts + instructions to clients.
Pretty much. I still haven't experienced it.
u can always combine them and have a guy dress like magneto or wolverine
Haven't even start with my homework,it's a lot.
FUN FACT: In 1471, like Luther, St. Drunken hammered his own 95 Theses on the door of a closed Denny's demanding they stay open past 2am.
Terrific job done by RHiggins_TBSC, his team and the city of Tampa for hosting an outstanding #FrozenFour. Thanks for making it special.
Phil Hughes continues to struggle... Orioles lead 3-1 over Yankees in the 3rd inning.
coffee is brewing and getting ready to study for one of my math class exams for a few hours.
so true!
"the thing that, by means of the fable, is demonstrated as the exotic charm of another system of thought, is the limitation of our own"
"The next time I come for you, I'm gonna want me some cocktail.... Fruit!!!" From Nasty Nate in the movie, "Half Baked".
Happy Birthday <3:)
I know I complain about Patrick Kane a lot but what he is doing is unacceptable. His is literally playing the "I'm a superstar card"
Compliment of the day courtesy of : "I guess you're kind of like a library search engine!"
Neighborhood cleanup day could also be called freecycle my neighbor's junk day. So far I've got a nice mirror :-)
OOps! still getting used to this
If u haven't already "Liked" us on FB, join our page & don't forget to "check-in" to receive 10% off your purchase!(1 disc.per day)Thank you
it is a bar...just stumbled upon them. Lucky me!
Answer: Yes! RT See Conversation - is the conf being recorded for viewing later?
RT : as if there weren't enough reasons to come to our charity pub crawl, the 1st 25 registrants get FREE AVIATORS!!
What a faggot
I love it when friends stay over - from now until 5 p.m. call 888-717-8851 to book a room for this weekend for only $99. Call me. -Glenn
POPLYFE, the cross between the Fugees and No Doubt. Sky is the limit.
Good for the skin. And it will make you look beautiful! But you are already. so that makes it twice as nice!
Cinco de dying.
too damn excited to pack for dallas
USA PRO CYCLING tour THE LAST,STAGE IS TODAY. GOLDEN TO DENVER
If there's a book you really want to read but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it. ~Toni Morrison
I hate Saturdays
Hm... all my follows on Pinterest are posting pins of Alexander McQueen totes and soft porn... what does that say?
I barf at some motivational pap. BUT fact is you CAN take any damned attitude you choose to work today! It's your BLD/Biggest Life Decision!
lol i do not remember!
how you come you followed me but your brother hasn't :'( I'm going to cry if he doesnt!!
me, neither.
Mr Colucci spent the entire period picking out walk-up songs for us.
get 2 5hr energies and an omelet
BJ the cat was looking great this a.m.
Volunteers don't get paid, not because they're worthless, but because they're priceless. -Sherry Anderson
yeah .-. It hurts lolol so when did u and dest find out u guys were bro and sis ?
This has never happened to me until just now, but isn't it weird how something as small as someone's FB status can ruin your night?
Political Subversities needs a Stage Manager! Are you or anyone you know in NYC interested? Email
Why would customers register with you, on your website? Do you provide any value? Is that clear?
I received +K about New Media from Thank you Sir! Enjoy your Sunday!
episode 250 = favorite ten directors? Like when you did top 10 films. Yay!
#nw nick cannons stand up only because there aint ish else on tv...
attending a reception for Ted Cruz at the #Houston Club.
Decide to live the life you dream of.
OPEN CASTING CALL! Need experienced #poker dealer for role in our film. Hit us up if you are interested in auditioning!
Just published on Smashwords! Waiting to be accepted into their premium catalog!
I'm def not trying to discriminate here, but ain't NOTHING like a thick #RedBone ... So serious tho
The lesson of love...
"If your dreams don't scare you, they're not big enough."
Silicon Valley Bank has been such an excellent partner. Thank you for the introductions, events and support!
dont u think a man knowing how to cook is a gud Attribute
2 problems w/small government: 1) gov provides infrastructure, 2) gov provides basic protections. Neither happen under Libertarians.
already registering for summer college classes
Why is everyone posting up pictures like where is Waldo aka Lil Wayne? #Nuggets game
yo its John, follow me
Thanks! I figured as much...I think it might be an online hotel reg only?
School board members and other elected officials need to spend a day in your shoes.
Even though I haven't heard Put your Hearts up yet I already know it'll be perfect! <U+2665>
"People how you doing there's a new dawing" - Jimmy James
March 5th deadline approaching for April English Opens Doors program in Chile. Still considering it?
I try to get to the driving range twice a week. I'll get at you.
lol I'm confused
back to #cleaning....off to do the hallway so the #kids can do some painting :)
Vermonters in the front row for at NEBHE's Locally and Regionally
aww damn! You gotta strap on chick?
30 Senators (including ) have signed on to support Victims of Child Abuse. Thx to your commitment to
We are attacking.
Ack! Over here! I just saw your DMs to my other acct via email.
Take a Day Off and Celebrate Ferris Bueller! Friday, August 28th noon to 6 at The Manchester Grand Hyatt Kin Spa Pool.
jealous. Weather in Amsterdam is rainy and chilly. Daffodils r at least in bloom
How is the OKC stat guy now? LOL
filtography. That's the only way to explain it. Or I have a really retro iPhone.
I'm bout to get this friday cracking.!
#NFLPA Exit Symposium The 2012 offering focused on: Being a better father and integrating back into family life after football
My neck hurts from being on the phone all morning. Worker's comp?
So excited for martini night
sucks to be u
Pop quiz question: How strong is your love for Quizmaster JPP?
Getting ready to go to 's playground. Wee!
Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and true progress. - Nicholas Murray Butler
Your EX is your EX because they are an EX-ample of what you shouldn't do again! ...
'Secrets' can be ya best friend or worse enemy when u in a relationship.The things I know about ppl Smh I should write book..
This Thursday we're playing FitzGerald's Nightclub in Berwyn, off the Oak Park Blue line!! Check us out!!
I want some sperry's
Nothing like a pawn on the rise.
aww lol I won't be there anyway :( still coming on Sat?
Agriculture employs 21 million people—more than seven times as many workers as the U.S. automotive industry.
Anyone interested in re-enacting "The Hunger Games" with Nerf guns? Ok, lmk. Thanks.
what is your record price for a piece of Dedham Pottery? Looks like you might have a contender in the next sale.
Ugh! Look at my recent tweets to stealyocheese she is stupid. She thinks Austin isn't following this account
I'm cracking up all by myself...if this were a new thing I'd be concerned. But it's not. *happiness rocks in all forms*
hope you enjoyed !
never looks the homeless or porn stars directly in the eye.
Loved you in 47 seconds!
Wow....Beatles on iTunes...Apple's "big announcement" went over like hot air escaping from bean-factory worker
If we don't follow you back, it's not that we do not appreciate your support but that #twitter has imposed #limits on us. 5-10 follows a day
hi 5 of us are going to Germantown tonight. Meeting in lobby at 4:30. You are invited :)
Damn you Pujols
My pleasure, Nick. Thanks for sharing it!
Is there a difference between #NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman and a doll stripped of all its guts?
it is so creatively insane and awesome that i would buy one if i had any money.
OK GOP Rep: "It Should Be Legal To Fire Employees For Being Gay" #huffpost C'mon, I was hoping to fire them cause they're black!
aha okay ;) LOL ygm! sad times...
Oh btw we hit over 50,000 views! Time to celebrate :)
that is gorgeous!
Some pursue happiness, others create it.
Funny how American Gladiator names like Bear, Wolf, and Lazer are all super Yiddish.
TOMORROW: Drink on us , 10p! Sam Adams anyone?
when will tickets go on sale???
Congrats and good luck!
I always answer "no" to Hulu's "Is this ad relevant to you?" question in hopes that they will stop playing ads.
wow...htown do b hatin real hard on us:-) well join the crowd lmao!
HP admits that #webOS kernel was never previously open source, despite you HP-niks having claimed it was open.
y da shower runnin and im on twitter
omg! I want!!
I can't believe there aren't more of them. Jazz is great. Cats are great. Life is great. Seems natural 2 put them all together.
R.I.P. #MauriceSendak. I read his booms to my 4 kids and sometimes to myself. May he and Max romp 4ever
that life
Let me hear all about it! Wanted to go, but conflict with #gardenclubsofvirginia Symposium
R.I.P. Whitney Houston, the world has lost a great musical talent
I've resigned myself to confusion in print between "peek" & "peak," "advance" & "advanced." But a saxophonist "whaling"?
I know and it's gay
okay! I have to mow the lawn first so it will be like an hour or so!
UK all day
feels free as fukk rite now
...want more children.
Oh. Berlin. Cool. Wrong piece of germany. Too far.
RT : Can't believe I'm about to start my dream might be hard but between an myself we gonna do big things.
absolutely - I try to make it out there every other year or so. It's an amazing event each and every time!
IF YOU DON'T GIVE A DAMN THEN GO THE FUCK AWAY, JUST CAUSE I WOULDN'T FLIRT BACK LOLOL
Thanks sis. I'm glad I'm not alone on this one. We're in a very sad place in our history right now.
I heart us Reds fans. :-)
I appreciate the game info, keep it coming. Go Hoosier Nation!!
lol that's only for like one day! What do you expect :p
RT : If you ain't here to party, you'll be missin' out on the best damn time of your life. -Luke Bryan
Get a Mario & Luigi chest piece.
I have to bruh shit is just asking for it
In my day we brewed our coffee in a beat up tin coffee pot, strained it through an old white gym sock, and drank it black!
Ooh, that looks good! Good to see you!
Union protesters in Wisc call Repub. Gov "Hitler." So much for civility. Dems quit preaching about civility.
When your boyfriend doesn't pay his damn phone bill and you don't talk all day <<<<<<
congrats Jayme!! Can't wait to see you perform at the 88.9 awards. That is such a great night.
they ended last thursday op
RT Bass-*thinks he has the match won* say farewel ruby! Me-*teleports behide bass and wins match* FAREWELL!
today's soups in san francisco are chicken & swiss chard w/parmesan and tomato w/parmesan
thank you. (:
": Pete Campbell is cruising for another bruising #Madmen " Really. Dislike. Him.
thanks for the support come see us August 4th!
i think should make a song dedicated to his Mahomies ;)
“: make time for the people you care about. you need each other...”
Question- What symbols or figures comes to mind when you think about Seattle?
Let's go Clippers!!
Missing 1D on icarly because i'm at a chinese restaurant. The things i do for you asians.
Bdubs later!!! whoop whoop! (:
I need coffee. asap.
Martin Luther king jr was a wise man but
when you talk about style...what style icons local & international inspire you?
RT RT : The documentary "The Greater Good" will be released November 8th
Thanks for the shout out!
Kobe always gettin me in trouble!
- We are an educational org. not political... thanks anyway.
• Remember profile pics are square - it'll squish the heck out of it. Unless you mean the background pic on your profile page
thanks for the follow!
In the studio!
looks like a fast track tonight! There on it!!
So Rodgers, Breed, Stafford, Vick, Romo, Ryan, Cam, Cutler are chopped liver, huh!
thanks for the RT.
Check out our new Facebook Fan Page, go to www.facebook.com/cbtwdocu and hit 'LIKE'...Thank you!
1) Akira, then nothing else matters.
Day 3 of detox commence! 12 days till I'm home!
I sure did:)
just put on the song Haters by Jayz n Kanye and say F eryone who don't matter. Stay positive
Thanks for making this weekend awesome!!! We'll blog all the fun we had tomorrow :)
Just got home from seeing on had the best time with and i hope i get a follow back :)
Why the f@&! Is everyone so LOUD!?
Back home after celebrating the win got #Packers at
Some days, a nap is better than an orgasm.
The answer is obvious. You have cancer and you're dying.
Im learning tho
I really should be working right now.
please follow me<33
Churchill likes to attack our big Apple screens - particularly during movies...
How much does it cost to have the promoted link to your twitter? Getting tired of seeing your mug everywhere its quite annoying.
Unpacking my #craftbeer collection. I guess I knew, but it's still rather daunting. Too shy to post a photo!
Soups of the Day: Greek Lemon Chicken, Split Pea, Chicken Pastina, Tortellini Brodo, Minestrone, and Ravioli Florentine...Yummy!!
Thought provoking piece on whether a current lawsuit against the #NFL & a helmet manufacturer will trickle down to
HELLO,HELLO,HELLO, YOU'D BE MINE, WHOA, HELLO HELLO,HELLO, YOU'D BE MINE (MY FAV. LINE <3)
"The Crow" is a reverse-gender take on the "Peter Pan" story set in 1967 Boston @ the hight of Vietnam-era counter-culture.
HCR support incrsingly reactionary-each new criticism only makes it all the more laudable. expect soon to see claims it will reunite beatles
Normal Distribution probability question?
Broncos RB, Correll Buckhalter, although sick, is going to try and call in at about 7:30. Hopefully he took DayQuil. Check it out at 7:30...
great! If you would like to me to come down to Louisville, let me know and I will be there. talk to you soon
The truth hurts; this is why the truth pill is seldom taken.
Four year strong - unbreakable
Having so many in-flight bevvys the plane RUNS OUT OF WINE.
I highly doubt that.
you ever do the real talk verse?
Is that new music i heard yall aint "SLICK" .. EP 7 TOO FUNNY!! :D #FOLLOW ME !!!
-Isn't that a Cinerella song from the hairband days....;-)
Wonders if a Spoboddie would taste better than a Schlabst. can you answer this for me? This inquiring mind wants to know.
Is my dream coming true!? School ceiling just fell off!
Talking NCAA Tournament "Bracketology" on "Daytime @ Nine" w/ Monica Taylor & Miriam Zamorano @ 9am on KABB/Fox San Antonio.
: hi stranger
I'm glad Baylor changed to black jerseys. Oregon may be upset as thunder's been stolen. Honestly, I dig the green...but only @ Oregon & BU.
Thanks, Mike! Nice work with #AAPI TImes.
sportscenter said you cousin!!! misinformed bastards
Just posted "Temporary Sanity" to my reverbnation account. Thanks so much to Bonnie Hayes and Gawain Mathews for your help on this song....
City Room: Car Accident Knocks Out D.M.V. Computer System
And I ask my self "am I ready to date again or am I ready just to be lied to and get hurt" #Goodnight <3
This is my first time ever going to a graduation.... And my last
Hmm, I can probably deal with that then. Thanks!
I have been testing he's been eating Yamaguchi tuna rolls 7 days a week
my favorite!
Sitting by the lake out in dunwoody watching ducks swim. I love spring
Energy is a language. Silent connection creates a subset of relationship. It is telepathic and empathic.
QoTD: "The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one." (Elbert Hubbard)
I would think no huddle is more effective than that....take out the times when Ben was hurt lol
When someone hates on Justin Bieber .... Fall to the fccking ground and ask God & Jesus to forgive you.
St gall, uee, CDLI all today -- too much multi-tasking
all night! Check in w yr wife re: dinner plannings.
Vick and Sproles having decent games and on my bench.
today is a day jam-packed full of coin hoard metadata
also apologies for anyone i'm not responding to on email. i really have created monster rules. #muchmoreproductivetho'
Who's excited?: Moneyball week, interview w/ Rick Peterson on what was real and what wasn't with the A's...bit.ly/o4cerK
Turkey was dandy, but the Italian brat was king. RT : thanks for lunch fellers, that turkey sandwich was just lovely.
I still watch the game, but I am sick of the football culture of "fans love to see big hits."
“: Haha hoopin RT remember them days when me and was at them purdue camps” I swear fam
Can the Knicks void STAT's contract?
Gov. Goodhair can always be blamed, but I think Mr. Jefferson and are at fault here. TJ just rocks too hard!
Have a fun and safe Labor Day weekend!
man I been tweeting and FB u and u ignore me. Cut me deep man, cut me deep.
I was there for the first time as well. Can't wait to go back!
Politics. I'm sure he's not the only one who's done it. 320 schools, Sparks!! Big to-do over nothing IMO.
#Madonna is super talented & the graphics were impressive but, all in all, the half-time show was kind of all over the place...
ray is on one tonight
Yep. It's a Frankie Valli & The Four Seasons kinda day! Just in time for Mother's Day. I miss ya, mom! <3
Damn that SNL xmas song is catchy!
thanks fir the love girl
"Did grizzly Adams have a Beard"
#1morefollower? I'll give you a
I'd rather have a hobo get in bed with me right now then wake up ily
will do! RT Please keep us in your prayers today. It's a white knuckle bender kind of hard days night.
<--- not boring lol
": My generosity will be my demise." Yeah but at least you'll be in heaven.
Entrance Exam
Patiently awaiting for my vinyl of The Mars Volta Live at the Electric Ballroom to come....okay, not patiently, but could you blame me?!
have you ever asked someone for advice knowing you were going to do the exact opposite of whatever they suggest?
Have a Huge Wedgie HELP ME! E-mail me with any advice on how I can avoid wedgies? or text me 954-608-9103
I know where you were and who you were with last night. It was very funny and very sweet. <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Lmao My last tweet sounded like Rev Run.
90s power hour with , love our generation's music
Shoutouts to , Thanks for retweets kind sir!!
TheSweaterStore is giving away another Ugly Christmas Sweater! Follow & Retweet for a chance to win one of 4,000+ terribly tacky sweaters!
I'm annoyed of all these games .
Brownsburg high school please turn on your air conditioning!
damn. do I have the most amazing #bf. Even though I had the stomach flu and ruined the night, he stayed by my side.
#West Virginia friends, please consider the candidacy of my sis-in-law Jennifer Scragg Karr, Democrat, for Dist 8 State Senate.
¡Gracias por la visita! And for bringing the cast! Hope you all had a great show!
YAY! batteries! progress pics coming very soon! :)
you kill dat verse bro
one last test, still not working (newish to Twitter)
Thanks! I am feeling much better now. Going back to work tomorrow. ;]
any reports of power outages? Ours is out in Missouri City, TX.
I'm sure they're great. I am entranced by the Emirates Airlines flight crew & their polished, post-colonial look.
(Deep voice) I don't often watch soccer, but when I do I watch Barcelona vs Chelsea.
Performing in the best theatre yet. Escondido. My life is amazing.
Good morning del how your weekend so far what you going to dress up for Halloween
Today in 1915 the #Yankees put on their pinstripes for the 1st time.
the problem for Hilo they no more arms left - gonna be tough...but lets hope
just messed up in the head right now.
Thanks for posting this Brent! I can see a lot of time spent with this. And they have a Diamond Head tune, Sweet!
Shop our Warehouse Sale - May 2nd, 3rd & 4th - 10-7 daily. Up to 50% off Home Décor, Ceramics, Candles, Holiday & Linens @ our Garden Room.
it's gonna be awhile...
FLCL IS ON #TEAMJUMP TUNE IN
Goodnight twitter.
Im so excited. Im so stoked dude.
No worries...we'll be back next week with just as much enthusiasm.
looking for editorial interns for winter! must be a strong writer, know AP style, & be responsible & organized. email me at !
you know it... When he removes the <U+2764>or eats monkey brains..woof
Yes, we called for a nice pull-back in AAPL shares after earnings. That's why we r the best! www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
sorry Rossignol is the right spelling
Off to work. Expecting a foot of snow in denver by tommorrow morning. So josh enjoy flordia.
ok well let me know!
Needs a bad ass job!!
Happy Mother's Day you're such an inspiration & such a strong mother & individual <3 #muchlove Pattie
who are we kidding, how long do we have to endure this Cain joke for president
Who needs a table for tonight??! SICK Bottle special for your wonderful night out with friends! Just shoot us a message to inquire or RT! :)
Chinese musicians sound off at copyright changes
.....But that was when I ruled the world.....
Excited to start reading 's new book, "Jeneration X," tonight.
I haven't found language to be an issue in major cities. Off the beaten path is a little tricky, but still manageable.
#Congress needs someone like little ole me on their board ..
I Feel So Much Better
Helping my parents move...
Happy #Fenway100 anniversary. I have the funniest story about my last trip to Boston. If we ever meet, remind me to tell you about it!
Perhaps I love both AND John Cooper...blew your mind, huh!? ;)
McRib is back!!!!!
Thank you!!
Thanks for the RT, much appreciated!
Power Outage - amazing all the crap I CANT get done! Mr. Edison and other ancient civilizations associated with this invention - Thank You.
Update: Possible two people in vehicles unconscious at the Colfax I-225 incident. Look for emergency vehicles.
Maybe the #brewers need to pick up an alcohol or drug addiction. Seems to be the only way Johnny Narron knows how to teach hitting.
Dreams are symbolic. What does being an actor represent to you?
- Hang tough sweetie! I'll never forget the feeling of total FREEDOM when the school bus scooped up the last one!
This is going to make for one Hell of a locked up abroad episode!
Omw to valley to see a late night movie
Thanks for the RT, CK! Hope all is well!
friends don't let friends tweet on sleep meds. Haha
This joint was supposed to start at 7pm. I guess were on CP time.
This convo about resource allocation (in TX, prison funding vs ed funding) could be a whole session and/or conference
#Flame Flame Flame FLAME FLAME
just got winter issue - I love the new format. Excited to think about the upcoming contents of Spring. nice work! thx.
you need help! You're an alcoholic
was not expecting Camp to go this hard!
My appointment was at 2:30 and it is now 2:43 and my mom isn't even here. Awesome.
One side is horizontal, and the opposite side is vertical!
Great afternoon at the No Boundaries Block Party!
you're in dude. drive with me and split the cost. i'm not trying to spend tonz of cash
all of those whom their "leaders" say are "enemies".
okay :) mine is 1710 (:
: champions!!!!!!! cant believe whats just happened... best day of my life....
Just thought of MG. Did he tell you we began the interview talking about picking up dog poop in winter? Detailed discussion...
Proof you love God = you love those that love God. Love those around you that are trying to grow.
follow back
After being down 7-1 at the half v. URI, #BU #MLAX made a great comeback attempt w/ a 5 goal 4th qtr. Great game, tough loss. 10-8 final
#PhiMA Nike thinks that the like button is the most valuable thing on the web-how does Facebook make money on that?
Sorry for all the pink Floyd spam! One of our biggest influences!
Gift certificates are available for purchase.
haha what did u do!?!
Nearly half of all kids in Michigan participate in the school lunch program
Get off that.
I had the legit scariest dreams last night. Like four of them.
I think yhu think I dnt really love yhu like I say I do....
Pres. Gordon Gee tomorrow Oct 9, 2 pm 11th floor Campus Reading Room of Thompson Library: Sharing Knowledge: The Global Inform. Society
Its Thursday & we know you're thirsty. Its also ladies night which means #HappyHour all night! So come start yr Labor Day weekend off right!
In order to be effective truth must penetrate like an arrow -- and that is likely to hurt. - Wei Wu Wei
Um? Really? The site is down because of yesterday's earthquake? Huh? Joke?
": u boys ready for saturday !!!" <---you already know G!!! #CirocSatrudays #LEGGO!
Maksim Chmerkovskiy After ‘DWTS ’: What ’s Next? (VIDEO) Dancing with the Stars pro Maksim Chmerkovskiy isn ’t waiting around for
We're the #eHarmony of #apartment searching. We match perfect people with the perfect apartments. Trust us, we'll take care of you. :)
hahahaha.... so funny... :\ lol... so hows work goin? still working ur butt off? Wish we had overtime here at our service... grr
Is Ted a squirrel?
oh my gosh, Yes! I'm for sure not reading now.
#nercomp12 students fear of faculty accessing their FB lives
Got My Nigga Dan-One FBA On These Mixtapes... It's Over For The Suckas Right Now
RT : Twitter can and will fuck people lives and their relationships up. Forreal.
call me. I'm down haha
thanks...just trying to spice things up in this crazy world we live in ;)
Can't wait to blow my candles out He want that cake, cake, cake...
Looking for a Google Analytics expert, preferably based in NYC. Send me a private message if you know anyone!
Watching absolutely kill it! Love them!
this is just the tip of the iceberg of worsening food crisis on massive scale worldwide .
it is wat it is man..im not go undastnd da shit eva so ig it aint no way
My twitter app is up and running again. Yaay
Cmon don't ask just give me spicy
I'm cold...ciaa weekend is supposed to be warm:(
Lee back in the D!! Missin her!!! :(
- Thanks; if I were invited, would cover for my comics/pop culture blog. Need a volunteer? :)
SWEET!!! I'm about to make it rain then!! Lmao
Late night lift
Breakfast with today. Trying to bring some "normal" into tech week.
After watching the #Kony video earlier this week, I've got something to say about it. Tune it tomorrow at 7:00 am to find out.
Yay! That is so great. I'm glad he found a good home. And I'm glad your friends found a good dog!
Looking for a group community service project? Let us know!
I agree! Lemon Lavender. Looks like you're biting into spring! Where can I find the recipe?
1 hour 'til Happy Hour begins!!!! almost there
My #masc4213 chickens are making this grading thing easy.
#justwokeup and dont want to go to school. Can I stay home?
u got Qool # just hit him. Check ur DM
no, i didnt get to meet anyone today but Brad :) Thats ok though! ive met cody before!
oh I was wrong lol n it was I love the movie can't wait till 2 but I just can't put it over dark knight
Rest in Peace #rockingnewyearseve :(
so the West RFU 7s Qualifiers with the Dallas Harlequins is on the same day as the USA vs Italy game thats in Texas, what?? c'mon now
Do u like or dislike RAW?
Thanks! If all your students are that great, keep 'em coming! :)
If you find yourself in Peoria, IL, check out Copper River Coffee! Coffee is the best part of traveling.
asks- what is the best blog post length? answer- long enough to be AWESOME, from
We're open tonight!! Come in for a holiday glass of wine or champagne cocktail! Social hour is from 5-7pm with $5 glasses!
real original.
We hope everyone had a great Easter weekend filled with chocolate covered Peeps and jelly beans!
I'm going to say this early Happy Thanksgiving to everyone i def wont be on here tomorrow
Looking for an authentic taste of #Philly? Check out Brianto’s Original Hoagies in
well this made my day!! :) I love you, Steph!!!
RT : Thank you, , for terminating your association with This was the right thing to do.
Wow, the New Jersey Devils are destroying Philly's Universe
i get high if i want to .
I wish he'd talk to me, he's to "popular" now... And I've fallen more in love with him...
If whenever you tweet you hear an echo, you may need more followers
Good point RT Red + blue = purple...a bipartisan color!
thanks for following. We're big fans of all the hard work you do to help young adults with
Check your emails for the late summer email that just sent out tonight.
Hunt says reconciliation needed to happen at ppl-to-ppl level. Comes from sense of confession, truthtelling
Wish i was macking on a Aj burger. Yum
Don't forget about me, i have no way of hitting you up.
when I got home she asked me if I had several drugs..
Joe Paterno, former Penn State football coach, dies at 85 RIP
"#uswnt players "probably" won't play in #WPS this season." oh really? where then? just in the olympics? Sweden?
My only tracked person on tumblr I actually still look at is
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
I wish the interstate dropped me off at my house. I can't deal with people on the state roads....
I got them at kohl's. :)
RT : When you let go of what you know, something new and amazing can enter.
i was and still am sick. Wasn't my fault!
oh. Wait who??
You can't say "long hair don't care" because when you remove the weave, you have no hair. thought of you;)
It's not too bad. Complete opposite schedule from my wife, but we're making it work
It's the bacon!!! Has to be.
Cenic issue now resolved. UC Berkeley network reachability should be back to normal.
that I do, but he's not used to kicks below the waste...target would be his legs
So excited for our final summer online chat tonight! We'll be chatting with incoming freshman tonight from 8-10pm EDT!
That counts! :) RT : A#1 I did do a "one fee" pub crawl that was pretty cool
follow/Enjoy:
Good Morning!
When you get an eyelash in your eye...-__-
Welcome Mitzi ! You are in great hands with Russell and his group. Hopefully you can join us on tonight webinar!
It's in my jeans and in my genes.
listening to music off of my ipod
Huge Congrats to Alison Thompson for winning the Humanitarian Award at Women of Style #InstyleAwardsAustralia !!!
Guess what?! I miss your braces :(
heyooo i heard straight people made up marriage to get tax breaks
I can't believe my baby boy is gonna be living his dream in a few days!</3 they grow up so fast!<33 iloveyou <3
#FollowFriday : Birthday Edition.
If you missed Ralph Fiennes talking Shakespeare with Jon Stewart on The Daily Show, then you missed some magic in the forest. Google it!
I've been trading penny stocks for 20 years now and I've never been excited about a stock like I am about "LUSI.OB"!
I got some person following me that said it was your second account? Is it fake??
thanks so much for coming out! Hope you had as much fun as we did!
I'm opening for Monte Montgomery tonight @ Sam's Burger Joint in San Antonio from 9-10pm. Always a good time with Monte!!!
thanks for following me!
Me and Lyndsay are determined to meet Austin during the summer. I will find him in Miami!
Agreed. I can't wait.
...lease to be broken,etc ,of course there will be resentment.Many times the correct target isnt chosen....
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons. – Woody Allen.
crazy thing is, Jesus loves u bruh
Biggest strikezone ever, did Greinke even strike out a single batter? Still amazing that the score isn't way worse though!
& : I hear will offer rehab for texting injuries for all of you!
#its2012whyyoustill looking for love on social networks.
missing chattingg with you sorry I'm busy these days ttyl <3
damn, that's nice man!
fick knows nothing about offense at all and doesn't have the fortitude to override bollman, who is a sham and a joke
not bad for an all local show around 85 peeps!
Mystery commercial just played on my computer. Didn't have any web pages open. These guys are getting good.
Headlight resurfacing can restore up to 90% of your car ability to light the road. Your vehicle looks newer too! www.kingoftheding.com
Why am I taking advice from them to begin with?
Trust god! Everything is a process! -mommy
Nice to be following you. Have you considered building your own solopiano page at solopiano.com? it's free. ur music would fit!
RT : sites like where you can choose to be anonymous or not are great.
Boy,if you think you're hot,think again.
how does this service work?! Haha
I am drinking some now!
ateam all the way!
Lennar's Year End BLOWOUT SALE! Get off the fence and buy a new Lennar Home today! Check out our specials at www.lennar.com/sunshinedeals!
RT : Best writing advice ever is: to write every single day.
Join us tonight at Bethesda Baptist () in Brownsburg for Trunk o Treat from 6-8p. Dont 4get ur Operation Christmas Child donations
o, I like it
RT : Elway hard at it in office today hours before 1:30 press conference. Elway works like he played--1 speed. (good 2 hear!)
Glad storm didn't do much damage got real windy at 3:am windows shook some. White merlot, curry shrimp and a good book got me through rain
Super Saturday. Everything in bookstore on SALE today 10-20% OFF plus more DEALS throughout the store. Dbl Punch Drink Gingerbread Latte!
OPEN YOUR EYES, even if the sunlight hurts.
This'll sound new age-y, but I'm working on strengthening my mind so that I can do that when I need to.
Fox News: Obamas EPA has closed 5 oil refineries, with over the top regulation. And Obama says he's not responsible for gas prices, lol. ,)
“: I want a dog named "We Go" now... that's freaking awesome ” no doubt.
I'm great, how are you?
Really looking forward to cd release tonight. Come celebrate with us.
I wish I was He dates the finest women, in entertaiment.
W.wsmnradio.com today 11am. We are talking probiotics with Matt Wood of Kansas city based SCD Probiotics. Radio Green Talk.
I have a riding crop....
Project coordinator, postdoc, student loan counselor, adjunct, TA, grader, phone survey interviewer, student library worker.
re: your take on SCOTUS ruling: what about 501c3 law revoking tax exemption if nonprofits engage in political speech/spending?
Leaving Burbank now for Palmdale Last call for emergency rides.
Having a great time with as we celebrate 100 years of Girl Scouting together.
$20 million savings by going to a grid-based garbage pickup system
No, it definitely just got extremely sexual.
Welcome new followers, thank you!
dinner and bowling?
M. Public belittling.
Afternoon twitter!! Happy as a clam, my bosses spoiled us and I'm getting a new car! Great vday for me
Personally? I think business cards are the worlds smallest dinosaur.
walk a mile in my shoes, hear what i hear, feel what i feel, then MAYBE you'll understand why i do what i do, until then
"Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened" --> totally living off of those words right now.
you're wrong, buddy.
Just got a signed copy of "A Kiss in the Rain", a new novel by Dacia Wilkinson
#AsHeardOnTheRadio RT : Virtual Tupac may go on tour! And he wants his own plane, yo.
we are also interested in event Curation workshop!!! Let's talk!
if I may ask what kind of public speaker are you?
well I think the Outlook really embodies the essence of an ethical work environment, dont you agree?
Sometimes, when I say thank you, I often catch myself saying 'thank ya', instead of 'thank you'. I must be getting a accent or something.
...sounds like you're complaining!
Happy Christmas Eve! <3
#bestbritishbands the Beatles One Direction and the Wanted
just watched the q&a lol almost peed my pants when you imitated rosie honey face
EVERYONE WEAR THEIR #COLORBLINDswaggggg TOMORRW FOR TWIN DAY!!!! SPREAD THE WORD! COLORBLIND OR DIE??
Waiting for the verdict on the trail. Conrad Murray is going to end up fried for his sins..
#question: what do you think of back to school shopping? dad: its the most horrible time of the year ;"D
oh shut up lol
Pandora is set on Christmas music! Now bring on the turkey and dressing!
Fleury and Duper with the "Good Guy" Award ... Yea buddy!
C'mon, the Ron Paul-Scooby Doo joke was funny!
so think Sunday or Monday it might happen! Mayhem
found out 'Night of the Comet' is streaming on Netflix. :D /snoopy dance
Haha cracked me up RT : I purposefully never say Bob Knight.
I'd like to rub something else in your face. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Christian Siriano's Spring 2012 collection shows in DC tonight! 9pm International Trade Center. www.pinkrockstherunway.com
you say he waited as if he was required to take a stand sooner. he wasn't. presidents regularly bide time on big issues.
right here on regent
that's just awesome!
I told you it was gonna be something wood :D
When do we find out about winners for the trips? And is it against anyone and everyone in California or just IWYS followers?
record da 4x4 n send it to me...or skype me so i can see it
: Thank you for your kind comments Donna. I look forward to reading your tweets.
Do you think Denver fans should still be booing Kobe?
RT True or False: Is an eye exam only necessary when you’re having a problem? False, make an appointment today!
Or jail. #PublicNudity RT : Hopefully shirtless and next to a stage somewhere
hope u feel better! Need to talk soon! I could use some help, lets talk soon.
and I looked at yur tumblr and I saw this twitter there. Just sayyyin I love the page name, and your tumblr haha
#BeforeIDie Meet Justin Bieber, Emma Watson and the president.
So should I just say "Hey Joel, I love your nose?!" Will that make him laugh?
Final preps for our joint online safety conference with ictQatar tomorrow
Sums it up well. RT: : Fuck
Somebody getting some mothers day head
Chris is gone he is foolin..lmao i dont blame him though
Justin Bieber fan video CANCELED!
Psalm 16:11 "You have made known to me the path of life; you fill me with joy in your presence" God's presence provides joy!
Even though it's odd, the way Kronwall hits is definitely effective.
day two, time to attack some more food
When you realize that you can use the same social skills you learned in highschool in college.
FIRST TITLE IN 44 YEARS!!!!!
oh yes. I love the visual boards on pinterest.
Can't wait for the #ATL premiere of 's new film, Still Standing. Powerful and moving work.
..well your priorities are in order, keep it that way.. it's a good look!!
& we appreciate good music! So thank YOU
Looks like alot of people have alot to say about the episode of Bad Girls Club tonight. :)
Sexy women + Costumes = huge fetish & turn on
I hate Pretty Ricky!!!!!! Ugh
But to be a die-hard Nationals fan could be termed "Extreme Nationalism"
here it is
intimacy does the same thing just at a higher level.
At the doc's for another treatment.
Loved time trialling in the pool with , watch out he is getting faster! (I think a flip turn class is next)
boys with tattoos >>>>>
Going to see and tomorrow!!!! Cant wait to see u guys :)
... #FamilyHustle got my rating! Best reality show yet..continue to keep it 100 :)
When balancing dogs outside practice walking them together without insisting that they become friends straight away
Jump up like stinkin crazy! Yo mama she gets crazy!
people do not want to address our true failure and deal with responsibility for the poverty a la misinterpretation of data!
doing great @ studio Doin my thing
This is a test: PEANUT BUTTER PEANUT BUTTER PEANUT BUTTER (ha! lets see what sort of spam bots follow me now!)
staying in taking care of my dog instead rockinit. I'm a full on adult now
split. this batch was watery and i ended up with a few uncooked pea stragglers. boo!
Robin hits a lazy fly ball to left and it is gonna FALL for a hit! But Gantner had to hold at 2nd and there are 2 on, one out.
Watching the book of Eli. And he is supposed to be blind. How is he shooting birds out of the sky with an arrow?
HOLY COW! Please tell me they'll be serving those at !
Dinner time, GET OUT OF MY KITCHEN!
I think it was October. They were able to add more BBLs to their tank farm to better meet demands
Your beautiful just the way God made you :)
did you get my email- still on for tomorrow
1% ---> RT : woods hole! Martha's vineyard! holy crap, it's cold here!
ooh man twins!!!!! were so annoying
BRI LOVES Abell Foundation and thanks them for their support of our Book Bank and confidence in us!!
getting close ...
Some Chipotle right now though >>
sounds so see thru when wet...
“: Disney fireworks with my BFF Mandi via FaceTime= awesome” are the #hotties on the loose at Disney?
I make a great lefteye
wear what?
anything to make you smile:)
You should call me, i will scream very loud! :)
WOW I HATE WHEN PEOPLE ASSUME I LIKE SWS BECAUSE KELLIN IS CUTE NO YOU'RE DUMB
we fought them but just too much Bone!
who are you? First no drunk tweets, now running? :) have fun!
500Gallons the website and application are now live and available! A years worth of sweat. Check it out, use it. its free
Off to help the oldest with some college red tape
Evelyn Lozada from “Basketball Wives” Strips Down for Maxim Magazine [PHOTOS] -
glad your ok, feel better soon :0)
somebody's in a mood lol
Any other #ad pals get sucked into #ThePitch? Thoughts? As if #MadMen doesn't distort things enough. Now reality tv.
thanks so much! glad you think so and are enjoying it!
Had a great time catching up w/ former AFSC colleagues event this afternoon/it was So nice to see everyone! "The struggle continues!"
realistically...pole speed this year what? 218?
Awesome things happening in Florida Region 1 in AECP - thanks Lisa Jones for hosting IPDAE training and FLDOE for vision and support!!
LOL“: Lebanon James worse person and country make worse team and worse breathe worse than Hulk Hogan steroid ass #teamsheikie”
yeah im free. i'll inbox asen
she told me there's a free zumba class at st. dans at 6:30 tomorrow. haha
you are a bit too jamaican.
105 Degrees, A great day to buy a new home. www.scottbensonrealty.com
no lol i wish i just use google translate to speak spanish but i want to learn it though
Our spring issue's coming along nicely, we're finalizing picks over the next 2 weeks. The deadline for summer issue consideration is 4/30
Well done AJ Good luck for the marathon.
Oh yes! RT : Yeah, it is #CHICHAT time!!! Boom, my week is better already.
we do use the bathroom, but there are rules that must be followed!!
how old is colt????
FaceBook me @ : Artistic Twist Clothing or 100% Natural up coming party info!
I'm sorry bro, I head to Texas for a couple days
#randomwhitenbaplayer .... What is an nba?... Never mind, no one cares...
It's taking everything I have NOT to walk up to Bill Hader & ask him what LA's hottest club is....
I roll large baby
I was so confused at Justin's tweet until now. Welcome to the RIGHT side Joey :)
Fire NOW for speaking at a GOP Advocacy Group.
Hey follow back please?(:
Terrible night.
was good homie
*ms.avila : Mr turner talks too much -____-
Oh. Gotcha! I'll yell after the game and we'll tear up the Quarter together!!
Second Market of the Season Tomorrow! 10am-3pm, 3000 Pennsylvania Ave Baptist Church! Gunna be Awesome!
I want to meet my friends one day hopefully!
Great Trails to run in #Nashville?
the people in winnipeg would lose their minds if that were the matchup
Titty party saturday
Remember and honor the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
yes im forreal!
I'd be delighted ;3 just get the poster?
Just got in the BRAND NEW Push Up NuBras! These things are amazing! Check the site tomorrow we'll have them uploaded
and most of them still live in mama's basement!
#ancestry.com having problems again, I dont think they can handle the demand
#Aziz on #npr making my day...
"Health is in the eye of the menuholder." I like that. Unfortunately, I am extremely skilled at eyeing menus unhealthily.
Your snow forecast right now on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS.
There's nothing for you here, I'll leave you locked and shoved away, you'll stay so far away from me.
I gotta taste for cookout
cal doesn't want to play home and homes really anyone. UK would have won regardless at Rupp. Crean can't win at nebraska.
fine don't come
i forgot how much i love ani difranco. "untouchable face" is one of the best songs EVER.
oh no, swap out from F is weak. Man, I remember the days of co never putting anyone next to Gold+ pax if the middle was open.
that is weird.... email me at
I'm the girl that falls alseep thinking about you just to wake up to another day of missing you.
The test’s approval for oral fluids will provide a safe, accurate, and rapid #HIV test for persons who don’t like to have blood drawn.
home sick with the stomach bug
Tweet me .
Thts why my ass only date north philly niggas lol (like they any better)": -_- you & me both .. lol"
My dad is the biggest pessimist. He just told me the Ravens are gonna go 6-10 -_-
new york baby. Allan houston hasnt lost it.
Whether you're reading in the dark or in bright sunlight, mirasol-enabled e-readers sense ambient light, and adjust brightness accordingly!
thank u lol
Nigga I'll kill ya, ill chop ya up put ya inside the mattress like drug money nigga!
$GRPN reporting on Monday after close. Better than any fiction you can buy for your Kindle.
Lots to do today
Hii Mayur, school mostly. How is everyone at windchimes? I miss you all!
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com
Your not going to hold my heart!..... Butterfingers.
hey (+) checked out your Web 3.0 video. great stuff. looking forward to talking more at #hhunite today.
ah yes, how could I forget!
At wingnight with
Boomerang=my favorite Halle Berry movie. I love when the nice girl gets tough.
girls make no sense.
according to wispolitics.com Dane Co. Judget Niess extended Sup. Ct. recount deadline until 5/26 for Waukesha Co. deadline was today.
Grow up. Don't get defensive when you get called out for neglecting your own responsibilities. It's your own fault.
Dad got mom flowers today and only signed my brothers name on the card. WTF is this shit? Are they trying to tell me I'm adopted?
oops. It's because I drank Diet Coke first. That stuff will kill ya...and your flowers!
Whooah ! That was WAY 2 much!
So my grandma is going on a cruise to England.. And she's going to London for a day and back... Without me. Kk. Kool
Thx for the RT, Wendy. You're a doll.
make it 3001!
Pills Will Make You Feel Amazing!!!
Watching the re-run of Conan so I can see perform!
Very nice inning Mr Moyer!
what happened the last time you two talked?
thanx for the follow back
Yeah, chopping it up w/ da long distance wifey from detroit :-) her lil sexy ass. S/o
Flattered to be included here, Jen! Thank u!
Book it. NOW! I'm sure will let u stay with him.
Twitter is so amazing; seeing ppl i follow mentioning pbl led me to find out more about it + do this.
Are Yours Calm?
Alright messaging you!
Strangely ironic...as a writer, I'm not much of a reader but my wife said same thing. So far, I'm really enjoying it!
website / webapps should be full screen minus browser chrome. mobile apps should show device their in, for scale
Just found out saved a family $40k on their IRS tax debt!!! Boo ya!!!
Making a mole? RT I'm going to use one of my bottles of Chocolate Ale to marinate some chicken.
Brewers get only a Juan Castillo walk and Paul Mirabella comes on to set the Mariners down in order in the 7th. 7-3 Mariners.
#icantgoadaywithout Turners Sweet Tea! #bluecap My #Pittsburgh ppl will know what I'm saying!
"Don't waste time thinking on what could have been. You'll miss out on what could be"
oh ok
you coming to the celebrity game Saturday?
o/u of 12.5. I'll take the over
Watching Taken, Really sad but good x.
Off to work
have you read Buster Olney's "How Lucky You Can Be", the story on Coach Don Meyer? Great read if u get the chance.
cuz i have an opportunity to get back with the band i was in
today will forever be remembered as the day i wore my blanket as a skirt to work.
of course that's your desk: it's how lit managers keep an eye out for new plays!
My baby is 8 months and she stands alone, and has taken 3 steps alone:')
Tomorrow is the Sunday of the Publican and the Pharisee. All Orthodox Christians are now together on the same Paschal/Lenten calendar!! Yay!
Freaking loud as heck rain is ruining my nap. Go away. I'm trying to sleep.
#motivation I have only 2 more years to achive 10 of my life goals on target, nothing like a little pressure to get get focused!
take it from me, growing out the stache is a great time
lunch soon
Kings close to sweep, Dodgers atop the MLB, yet Lakers and Clippers winless in their series. LA sports are strange right now. Go Kings!
really u do or are those austin glasses
BIG NEWS: Belt Drive Successful; 150 boy belts 4 one DC elem. school due 2 donations from twit and FB. Thanks! Social media ROCKS!
Babies get away with so much
My mom seems to think we're poor.
#tennis Wozniacki makes it 4-5 in the third set with Sharapova. Sharapova serving for the set.
RT : Effective leadership is not about making speeches or being liked; leadership is defined by results not attributes ~...
#thatawkwardmomentwhen no one has ever had that awkward moment you're talking about
We are just about to serve you dessert - Valrhona Chocolate Ganache! What was your favorite course?
It makes Me Sad To See people Making Fun Of Others.
how did you get RIFFY to add you
not cool. we've got to try harder next time an American icon drops in our back yard.
I worked as a manager in a union shop. Do you know how hard it is to discipline a lazy worker in a union shop. Almost impossible.
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention Im lookin for an apartment
Just bought 300 tortillas for performance art tacos
Grocery shopping w/ a bike as transportation takes careful planning and complex backpack arrangement. The bagger & I had fun making it fit!
didnt text me all day ... fuck
your girlfriend will freak like cirque du ole,thats word to my flag, &my flag red.I'm outta my head, b*tch I'm out of my mind.
You're an asshole. Big man sitting on his ass at home watching some guy get carried out on a stretcher, calling him a "wimp"
People generally "fear what they don't understand and hate what they can't conquer -Nas" but we celebrate our differences too
we can only hope haha
Why yes, I did shake it to Miley Cyrus, as a matter of fact! Will call soon to schedule a session.
Done deal. Vikings will get a new stadium built. RT Senate passes Vikings stadium bill by a 38-28
only 3 more days this week for me :))
who did the questions for Soldinger?
Wow - awesome bird, Tess. I'm jealous!
#devlearn Good question: how do you build a business case if you aren't a businessperson?
sometimes i feel like am alone in this world bye myself well i realize that am not and that i have god and my friends and family on my side
#regisfarewell It's a sad day in the entertainment world. Bye Regis, it's been quite a ride. Can't wait to see what's next for you:-)
I don't think you know how much you mean to me.
“: they used to be 24 now them things 35 ,”u already kno
“: Wild Card picks: Cincy over Houston, Saints over Lions, Falcons over Giants, Denver over Pitt. Going against the chalk. Saints pick
Still in bed, so I think you're the only one working today. Happy #MLK buddy.
Man... #GoogleIO wifi situation is killing my G2 battery life.
GM chad!
That TD would belong to the Champs! #GoPackGo RT Per ESPN research, Bears have only allowed 1 TD in the first quarter all season.
and We the definition of Fly!
what locations at you stuck with?
Hey, look at that, it's snowing! Warm up un the brewpub this evening with a shepherd's pie and a nice winter warmer!
Tried RSS widget you suggested -doesn't display all files in collection. How to best embed Dropmark collection in a website?
Fabulous wedding's bride just told me I'm wearing a flapper dress. I would expect nothing else.
I never thought about it but.. I have a job!.
It's never too late to find a mentor. Even as a CEO you need feedback just as those rising through the ranks need feedback.
Why people walk in covered corridors when streets are empty? Makes me peek into windows to see if anyone is alive.
end of October
that was lunch. We never had our
yeah, I wasn't trying to pull a Bob Knight and avoid saying his name haha
It is!
im not a bitch and i didnt miss you! Now leave me alone
Getting back into taking stills of sexy girls in beautiful locations. Off to find a few models
had to think about that . . . yes, it does: someone in the biz -- civilians get too into "ooh, you're on TV!"
cant go wrong w/ Quick Change! MT Tonights game had everything. Great performance of Anthem, contest to win car, Quick Change
That should have been the easiest clearance in the world Kei. Damn.
it is
I'm glad you enjoyed the video. It's the first in a series we are doing this year.
"Never play with the feelings of others because you may win the game but the risk is that you will surely lose the person for a life time."
Hm. So Albany to San Antonio, then San Antonio to Chicago...it MIGHT work.
Happy April Fool's Day everyone! Don't blame me if I get you!
same here!!!
Vehicle rollover training is fun
don't do it Sosa..... He opted out because he knows what real fans do .... Stand up with the purp n gold worn everyday!
That moment when someone shows you the ugliest picture ever of their *beautiful* baby....
o no what happened?? & when can we skype
Game is tied 3-3 and the game pays the over
We can't really know the depth of our character until we see how we react under pressure. — -- Ann Tran ()
watching Toddlers & Tiaras (:
Good morning twitter family R.I.P. to the GoGo Father Chuck Brown take it to the bridge now
you sent me the wrong order! I'm trying to contact you but i can't get a live person! Send my correct one ASAP!
My dog just started barking at a chair... o.o
That said, I'm really glad so many people want to visit my town!
how about cutting some of his staff and consultants?
Another day, another bomb threat at Pitt.
Rommel! Alexander the Great! Midway! Bladensburg! Waterloo! Our great MHQ Summer issue is now available on Kindle--DOWNLOAD Now!
with her when she wants to hangout with someone else.. Like shes lied before & canceled our plans THE NIGHT BEFORE TEENHOOT (c)
RT : FOREVER I LOVE ATLANTA... thats all {Amen to that!}
holaaaaaaaaaaaaa people of twitter
“: Sold Out.” really? That sucks was planning on getting mine at the door
thanks, that's the sort of literal-mindedness we encourage in our readers.
What are everyone's plans for this weekend?! We are getting things in place for you around the clock! Share with us :)
I think "a voice of a generation" says a lot (not THE voice of THE generation). Appreciate the response, though.
follow me maybe?
Chicago With Luis and His FamilyMaybe!(: Texting People! Well I Think I Should Go To Bed! Night My Little Birdies! Haha<3
i always had it out for you since we met lol. Its fun to have someone to bullshit with and they wont get sensitive
Last day of class for the semester. It's warm and overcast. I have new music on my ipod. Today is beautiful.
Leaving for #LAX! #Home! Time for more #zombies and funnies!
Um, yeah you should be.
"I'm from Wisconsin, and I ought to know." The recall of Scott Walker is vital to our success in November. Help out!
I must sign your yearbook my friend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
Uh tryin to get temple run on my phone
that's awesome, always wanted to do that. Let's play haha
"May the power protect you." - Zordon
your not suppose to cheer for ur boyfriends rival!
you own my heart...he just rentin
I DEMAND A SPRINT, MISS AWESOME! >->
oh shut up ryan!!! lol
My brain says get over him he's not worth it, but my heart says dont give up now, this is just the beginning.
Don't worry Diego, this taco I'm eating will make your shot feel a lot better. At
Guess who's in Myrtle Beach? Hahah
Happy Mother's Day to all you "mothers" out there..
Carlos and Gabby forever
laminate handbag
Get delicious bake goods at Firehook Bakery & Coffee House for your Holidays!! Contact us for your same or next day cake & catering needs!
that model was right in my wheelhouse price wise. I need it to be relatively idiot proof, though I know the basics.
It's hard to believe that in a few months me and have know each other for 2 full years
LOST: Three minds, belonging to boys ages 11, 8, and 5. If found, please soothe and return with alcohol of choice for parents. Reward.
Gwen/Arthur is all over this episode.
amazing the ego's on some people.. or is it an insecurity issue? Or both lol
RNG OBVIOUSLY DIDN'T LEAVE. THEY'RE STILL AT THE HOTEL USTREAMING RIGHT NOW.
Hey Peter! I'm all right... busy, as usual. We have to grab a cup of coffee soon! Have a great weekend.
and gametimes overlap on Thursday?
My mom: Your shirt matches you skin! Mom: it's white.... My mom: Well you need to go out in the sun. Thanks mom, I am aware I am pale.
Hey Bro just saw u defeat Jessie Ferguson on ESPN u said "i'll defeat all doubters but then there will still be some!"
It's an interesting question. For the first time ever, agency big-wigs ask themselves the same question. Evolve or die.
2 days left in the studio. no air conditioning for a week. temperatures of over a 100 degrees today. but hey.. the songs sound great!
Time to get tickets/passes to Prospecto Musical Showcase & Sonic Experience = now.
Im seriously So nervouse
Use a straw and try to dull the pain with some Skinny Girl Margaritas! Feel better!
Tired! But not a sleepy tired.. Maybe like a drained feeling!
Still awake! 3:40am can't sleep!
I tweet something, get no retweets. So I feel stupid and just end up deleting it
Follow Dawn Rochelle Models on twitter
Management usually writes those w/o the band knowing it. Glad it's been discovered!
Miley Cyrus Flaunts Bikini Body & Plenty of PDA With Liam Hemsworth (PHOTOS) Looks like Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are getting the mo
#DesperadoLife just for the record!
... Lisa Franks like patterns on them. And no one wants that.
RT : : Retweet this is if you're going to be cheering for the tonight at 6PM during game 1 ...
For anyone with experience working with the United Nations: What's the best way to get a UN job?
What You Do Today Can Improve All Your Tomorrows....!!
Band business! We just created the logo!!
Old media doesn't do the job anymore-no reminiscing like with old art. New media does the same as the old but faster/better
Loving the pace of this Badger game. Big10 > ACC
A lamp should fit the design and color scheme of your room, but also be a functionable source of light.
“: Think Burfict and Polk could hop back in the 85 Dalorean and return to school for their Senior seasons?” so true D...crazy draft
Having relationship problems, can't find your perfect #1 . Go GAY and be happy with the one person who understands you.
3 more tonight hoping to make it 5-2 on the night.
you're welcome :D
ahh haha it's cool. xD I live in Ohio. :( aka hell.
Destruction of a Rose, Beneath the Sky, and The Subtle Way on tour July 9th-August 14th. Contact to get this tour
thank you Shane!
Lisa and the Devil. Slow, sensual and beautifully shot.
My mom's going to talk to sewall and mr. perey tomorrow. watch yourself because she's strictly business.
I didn't know Santa was a nominee?
I just woke up from the tweet sound on my phone. Your lucky :)
They are talking about the big number of Cowboy hats in the crowd today.Proud to see people showing their support for Roy & Dale
Happy November!
My bff is gonna meet , I'm so jealous! I wish I could afford to go, but it's ok maybe I'll meet him someday.
definitely Which Wich man.................oops, just kidding
OH: "I'm sick of OHs"
Tip for the day: only discrimination of a protected class is illegal. Protected classes include: Race, Sex, Religion, Familial Status etc
Oh, I see you said #AHA2012 badges -- we don't have anything to do with that; we'll have separate badges.
she ate 13 how ironic
woah easy bates ur being pretty rude!!!!!!
Who the hell did the bears jut pick...
Thanks for the RT, osrry but i can't #follow you back I am on follow limit but I will under
Need to tan!
See you soon!
I refuse to fuck some civil rights pussy im fucking 21rst century pussy.
#notetoself Don't get on facebook and twitter and act like you're funny just cause you're drunk. You're just an asshole like everyone else!
Join us for more Klout and Networking and
Good friends and wine... One of the secrets of
": i can see you guys hella did" I know we hella woullddddd
Sen. Skelos says he has mixed reaction on moving state primary from scheduled date of sept. 11th. Assembly wants to make change
No, I haven't yet--I love labyrinths, though. It's been a couple of years since I've been there, but I love it!
Some master's programs require PAID internships as part of their degree requirements. Is this a good thing? Currently, only 25% are paid.
ready to start this day with a cup of #coffee and celebrating
Just got the word Shock G; from this day forward he's only putting satin on #clippers women's panties
For all you NERDS out there that don't know who R Patts is he's Edward Cullen. Duh.
#trophies is one of the best albums of 2012!
Up all night working toward 30 Days To Life
hi sleep???
Brunch time with and Talking New Year's resolutions and sipping on a Bloody Mary.
a lot to look at thank you!
that is so true
Apologies to all who tried to get in for the sold out HIVE :-( We'll post the videos afterwards & you can follow along on twitter
Visiting New Kent County #Dems this evening for the first time. They were just redistricted into
Online learning is delicious; Samuel Adams Imperial Stout
Packing Annabelle Calico Cat up for her Vet appointment to get vaccinations. Good thing she loves riding in the car! Have a great day!
again with the salad jokes!
Girl at mcdonalds was so happy we gave her a dollar
Where can I find ring settings for a pearl?
This weekend promises to be a beauty! If you haven't already, make plans to come see us for #MuseumDay! Don't forget your free tickets!
Oh Yes he is, Romans 1:20
Guess I need to put on #TheVoice before the spoilers! Go Juliet!
Need to quit taking bad jumpers & work ball inside to get big Grizz Zbo& Gasol going
i know i am n you are 2
Just got an invitation to speak at the Advancing Ethical Research Conference 2010. This makes me feel good. :)
Jackie Clarkson says diversity should work both ways
Did you know we have the lowest rates in the city!? If you ever need safe and reliable transportation call VIP TAXI at 520-798-1111
Just submitted article on 2.0 pedagogy & #infolit to Library Hi Tech. Glad to get it off my to-do list, but submitting feels so irrevocable.
we had a blast last night! been telling everyone to check out the Nitrocream! , let's do it again soon!
I think not. u didn't put in on this
I am a sore loser.
Lol.. RT : LOL, I felt weird for @ tally, like I know she would have read my tweets... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Southside is the worst
I'm really glad I'm not the only person that fucking hates you
Most of the summer teams are Southeast Wisconsin. I actually like summer season a lot.
Gettin my autographed picture from tonight...gonna look good in my dorm!
they really dont
Knee surgery this morning
What I need this week is sleep. I hope ice cream can act as a substitute.
* Waiting for the bus. Ugh, its fucking lagging it, Imma be late to school. -.-
noo girl you kno better and F.Y.I. Don't forget that time I hit you and yo ass fell in the boxing ring.
Filing my papers today to stand for #LPC (O) Central Region Pres at LPC (O) AGM, May 4-6.
Flying to #Virginia this weekend for a 3 day #Navy mission. Hope to find #inspiration and connect with familiar faces.
O, where?
RT : Just found out that #tierneybrothers has 6 new Lifesize Room 200 units for sale - If you are looking for high end video???
thanks x factor for you and your group! so happy you finally get to go to aussie! wish i lived there! love your accent btw!
Most of the time! LOL
I think you are the only tweeter I've ever seen with only 5 tweets to her name!
we've found a company that will take them back. We also let the public take them to reuse.
All good.
I wanna plant a forest tomorrow! But, Mr. Kearns hates me, so hollllllla.
The weather forecast looks amazing this weekend. Come join us for a hike in the woods on Sunday. We've got a group of 16 so far!
Happy Birthday Hottie
Ben's last two passes -- not pretty
It's raining.
klar kein ding .. u're welcome dude ;)
who ever wants to game hard hit me up :)
Shout out to all the kings new following friends.
Baseball starts in a month, and all #ESPN talks about all day is football
thank you sir!
#Reds vs #Cards is always big. Should be a good game tonight with these pitchers on the mound!
we have to figure out how to get an in game on ice pic
In between flights, time to catch up on all the social media awesomeness I missed in the air...
Wanna address the childhood obesity epidemic? Come down on the food industry, not kids' bake sales!
Rise & Shine Lots to get done today!
A thousand words but none were spoken.
Wade, ! Really? That's what you did last night. #Sofunny BTW, what do you mean by company names?
That the decision is taken away from the voters, and as in 2000 turned over to the lawyers and the courts.
I don't like who your becoming
In the first novel in the April Curran series, vampires don't turn into bats, but they do use bats to deliver important and urgent telegrams
I love you both so much too! I wish I could go with you and surprise her. I think a nice surprise would cheer her up a bit.
So cool! Wanna know how it is!
Ikno dat girl was scared as hell wen chris brown walked her way lol..glad she ain't have a phone on her he was gon snatch dat mf lmao smh
(Anonymous) He who hesitate and falter life away, and lose tomorrow the ground won today.
That is what I like to here. Don't stop, you'll get there
Woo woo *! RT I can't wait till MIAMI plays! gonna do some work tonight!
KEEP IT REAL WIT YA SELF SCOOBY U WANNA A RING BUT U DONT DESERVE DAT! LLS
RT : ATHLETIC REPUBLIC NAMED OFFICIAL PARTNER OF HOCKEY EAST: Athletic Republic, the industry leader in performance s......
It makes me wunda, IndieFunda, do you like the rain & thunda?
Oh, Sunday nights at home - tea, Pinterest, West Wing on DVD and a cuddly blanket.
At least on twitter I have to click them to see it...
no. still in dc
Finishing up my mix tonight. Keep posted and I'll put up the link tomorrow!
ya ok
listening to old mac..<U+2665>
LIAM NEESON MY KING!!!
Why thank you my dear. :-)
Happy Mothers day & birthday bitch, i love you <3
Douchebag Etymology: From Flushing the 'Tang to Overused Slang
completely agree. IMO huge step down at KR/PR when he's not there.
I like how something that was suppose to take 20 minutes turned into 2 hours
I made it for mothers day for my sister she is going to love it!! The planter pot Little Man painted is for his grandma
it was a good time.
Reminiscent of his "here's my birth certificate, and oh yeah I killed bin laden" move from last year
's geeks aint got nothin on these folks!
really just two big hit away.
can we please please please! How busy are you this coming week? Let's meet up!<U+2764><U+2764>
Now we have some issues!! I am clearly JEALOUS! hiss boo!! Nonetheless, enjoy it for the both of us!! Peace out!
So I was just minding my own business when I noticed that is full with about 90% or 80% Bieber tweets :)
I've decided not to fill out a bracket this year. This way I don't have 2 watch until the elite 8. By then all the weak sisters are gone!!
Trust me honey all moms do that!
Just because I asked u for yo number don't mean imma call u
-- We ran two dry runs, and then one actual take. If you dig the work, make sure to check out for other cool videos
Stay positive, things could be worse
South Florida Leader in cleaning services. carpet cleaning, carpet cleaning miami, pet stain removal
#FF the Twitter to my upcoming action film
Well let's see. I just had to run and negotiate with some cops. I'm done.
Why try the 8 foot pull up jumper? When does that ever go?
in the rhyme writin zone
tonight i promise
": was just jogging in the in the woods. it was got mad dark and rapey i had to roll out"spiders on chains. winter is coming.
Sometimes I wonder if my penchant for earl grey is bc I can pretend I'm Captain Picard when I order it.
Can't think of a better motivator to find another job than looking at my two children each morning.
Hot summer day! What do you do to keep cool in the Summer?
He's great to me. TMac >>VC
lol. My bad
aw Payton your amazing! i love you+ everything about you! #fangirling :')<333
Age has extremely little to do with anything that matters. The difference between one age and other is, as a rule, enormously exaggerated.
Perfect weather today. Rain, thunder, and lightening.
Graduation to myself, idk when it will happen but my gift to me is going to visit and spend time with my fav Unc
thanks for posting cultural sites in DC !
You chose this life with your DECISIONS and ACTIONS.
Actually, may go tomorrow instead... tbd
Happy birthday to Joe from ! You're an old man! No seriously, you're old.
wondering why you even know who chase Crawford is! Are you wearing your hipster clothes?
Drag performer in wedding dress covered in blood = Lucia
BACK-UP quarterback gets 35 minutes in a huge, live press conference speaking openly about faith, integrity & charity. Gotta love it!
We're watching! #GoGophers MT : Who's going to be watching in the #NIT championship tonight?
thanks, I'm pretty new at this so I don't know much, and no problem(:
#Actors, what is your biggest question about how to get started in the acting business? I'll make the next blog post about the most popular.
"Immobile" RV Mfgr hopes saving on gas will spur product sales.
RT : Boy , niggas hate LeBron James . Lol (don't they though? Just 2 years ago they were wearing his jersey!)
Happy Birthday my beautiful best friend! Love you!
I bet I could make a dozen. :/
A bad evening at the ballpark beats...most things.
Thanks for the RT!!
jessica marie clausi loves this little nerd<3
I'm working on earrings all day. What are you working on?
Don't worry, I agreed anyway. How'd you find my link?
I woke up this morning, and realized everything that I need to know.
Next time you have my permission to punch the Crypt Keeper #JanBrewer in the face.
i heart you moree
i never know what to wear to sporting events, ideas?
Just tapped, Brown's Point ESB (replaces Space Needle Golden Ann. IPA)
Baseball season > football season
yahoo!! Latch away!!!
United Refining Co of PA makes gasoline strictly from US/Canadian oil. Wish I could buy their gasoline here in Leesburg.
Its so nice out... :P why do I have to go to school
#WhatIWantThisSummer One direction ;)
We had a moment and there is nothing you can do about it. It was magical. He felt it. I felt it.^^
S/o 2 the people that only know what they see... can u see me?!!!
For serious. I'd be in way better shape. Although, I'd want the option to turn it off if I were sick or something of the like.
Indulge in deluxe tasters brought to you by to name a few
There is always a little more toothpaste in the tube. Think about it.
shaq's speech made me wanna go to the gym and get better haha
The Library of Congress has released the National Jukebox today. It lets you browse and listen to hundreds of historical recordings. Here is
MURDER SHE WROTE 2 KOMING SOON ON YOU NIGGAZ
I gain 2 followers just to lose 1...I gain 4 to lose 2....... follow a leader...get lost in my post.
This fence is so witch house
close. A local store in des moines
awesome dinner with and tonight. :) thanks guys.
... Aww! I miss my lil Ninnie and Hope. Give my kitties big hugs for me.
Faith is to believe what you do not see; the reward of this faith is to see what you believe. -Saint Augustine
i miss her
welcome to the elite group of hooked fans!! I've been eating them for over 20 years now. Still love 'em!
RT : "Stories aren’t merely essential to how we understand the world-they are how we understand the world" via
RT : The great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure. -Chinese Proverb
yup we are here now! Thanks chica!
me and are gonna be the first niggas to make deluxe mixtapes
I wish I could read your mind -.-
I hate when I get hungry in the middle if the night and all the decent places are closed!
#PNY doesn't respond to customer inquiries on their Contact Us/Support pages. Boo. Anyone want a new, dead16GB flash drive?
Getting excited about the " my pain my purpose my Destiny" conference May 17th - 20th. Dr. Jennifer Thomas always brings the heat
My head is so big that they call me jack in a box, shine that light me show that light on me cause I was sent to this word by the GOD.
My film IMPACT is in editing stage. Make sure you check it out in a couple of months when it's released.
Lisa Marie Platske's status: {Love this!} Do less that means more. ~M. Edelson
you look so purrrty in your twitcon! (:
They couldn't think of something to say the day you burst. With all their lions, with all their might, and all their thirst.
we gotta do something then sista...... And nope B left not to long ago.
how are you today?
good morning! Is it snowing there? Raining off and on in Vegas today. Have a great Saturday.
Thankful for the good friends from Great open house last night! Ate dump cake and dips like a boss!
RT : Ok Reading, PA!!!!!! I'm here with beer and a microphone!!!<-me 2..u should have a spanish dictionary & a 357
lol that was not my intent. it just happened and was kinda awkward haha
Im obsessed with the obsessed show.
Congratulations on the Day Proclamation! ;-}
That post was great. I sound so pretentious but I really am removed from the Top 40. I spent last week learning new Beyonce!
Every leader is a looter or a lifeline. -
Just got done with practice. BTW. Check out www.kincadeapparel.com. new sponsor!
Beyond this project, I build safe search engines for schools & libraries) as part of SquirrelNet.com -
Is this the anniversary of the fair?! :)
Don't miss the Archival Processing & More session today at 11:15 in Parmer 107
Cool! Check out ROUTES: A Day of Jewish Learning on 3/11 at UMD! 70 great speakers
hey no problem! you too :)
hahaha at least your teacher speaks english... -___-
I hate badass kids<<<<<
Damnit twitter! To add to the last tweet with Terpthon * (does she have a twitter?)
RT : where will my brother #sxsw2012 ?!
Jot down this number. 630.235.7357 to text our host to book a table throughout the night! He'll take care of you hook you up :)
To Help “Save The Trees”….I’m Buying Just “One” Christmas Card And Telling People To Just Keep Passing It Along…
calm before the storm
i really want a links of london bracelet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I had no idea I was either. here's to coming out of the #dark!
One Direction changed my life. Thank you...
Today we are at 210 Westwood Place in Brentwood from 11-130.ckn n dumplins,roast beef,pork chop + so much more. May God bless you all!!!!!
Woke up. Put alarm on snooze. Get a text. Grab my phone. Drop my phone under bed. Crawl under bed to get phone. Alarm goes off.
You're welcome lol personally I like "Jai Singh" better :)
I am thinking I have to many guy friends , but IDC bc they like to stay out of the drama not be in it.. && theyre funny (:
it was a pleasure speaking with you at Cocktails by Design. Love your work. Let's stay connected.
Thank U Happy 2012 to U as well! Seems like just y'day we were partying like it was 1999 ~ lol yes- be safe hugs fr #SouthGA~
*with lol I spelled it wrong damnit.
Follow back???
For mothers day Im gonna take my mom to a massage place. And for my birthday Im gonna get a pedicure :O
<<<< Donate to Mike bird he needs everyones help!
Reverse Happy Hr 9-close... $2 off all alcohol & small plates.
Graham goes out, Sapong comes in.
Smh music these days.
the people who is unfollow you they are the losser
I know and yes you did. I tjought I was the only one too XD
Despite winging the hell out my psychology test won our game in the del mar college bball league
I type in all-caps sometimes because I feel the need to subvert the norms of daily etiquette.
CONGRATS :) you're going to be on Ellen?!
I hate Geometry with a deep passion.
- what are you doing in the mean time? If you ever want to meet up for a drink or something at some point let me know
my problem is he never seems to know much about days subject
Is it wrong to say that configuring a pair of #UCS 6248UPs, MDS and an #VNX is "fun"?
Now, I'll get back to reading the crochet sweaters book. There is some fingering yarn in my future, I believe. I WILL learn sweaters!
Mail clerks on #Titanic loved their new mail room. It was conveniently located & organized.Wish I'd seen it.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
okay, I'll bite... Why must you be TB- to teach OL? Who created the regulation?
All these years and last night is the first night I have watched the fireworks at Disney and I have been missing it!!!!
At the PLP culminating event. Bittersweet.
LOL, Cydara...that's the truth!! :-D
Packing was pretty depressing today. The rain def didn't help.
#notcool Hangover II was all about the male front nudity...when the hell did this ever become funny?!
its cool
Bussed enough nuts to last me a month good lookin baby girl
RT : Sure. Commute time = more stress. Whats the value of removing that? A lot, likely.
RT : I hate when it takes you forever to text me back. That shit pisses me off .
“: I love Joe Biden's swag.”first time this has ever been said
It's going to be a long, long night...
I'm in 10-B 2nd floor convention center
Thefuture.fm launches iPhone app for discovering DJ mixtapes, hopes to steal Spotify's thunder
I've been trying to wait patiently for UVerse in our neighborhood. Can't wait to get rid of Time Warner!
If we find 3 or 4 others to go with us we'll have to go to a multiplex. Haha.
Back-to-Back Walk-Off wins for the !
so proud of boyfriend you did an amazing job I love you and the gorgeous car(;
My dad is definitely an EBay junkie. Won't buy anything in the stores anymore.
Happy Boxing Day!
for some reason, i can't open my eyes all the way today. i'm so tired & it's annoying.
Back on the needles...felt good to knit on Metro this morning and listen to grunge music instead of effing around with my phone for 40 mins.
I was just wondering if you knew what day or even month the update for the #NTC app is coming this summer? (Sorry! I'm excited!)
Great iPad class this morning! Thanks to everyone who came and shared ideas.
and with a contract ?
How cute!!! Good luck!!! We r at the BBall game! Go Aztecs!!!
HAPPY THANKS GIVING EVERBODY !!!! Your Satisfaction, Our Destination ! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Oh not in the states? Have fun.. safe travels!
Does anyone know an LA-based copywriter that is in marketing, but is not an idiot?
It hurt watching the replay
I have a question are you busy?
Love you! Please follow back!
RT : works independently of a computer.But you can connect to a PC to download all the data to view & print reports & charts.
John Lackey out for 2012 after getting Tommy John surgery. Backup plan was to spend the year dead for tax purposes.
George please stop. Your 15 followers are going to get a bad impression of me.
Listen to - she knows, and she's right! Do report back on how it goes.
Any news about when will be on?
saw the inaugural Mustangs game in Bradley Center almost 20yrs ago
There is no humor like bad, self-effacing Rick Santorum humor.
aug when is your
If you've read JASMINE ABSOLUTE, we'd appreciate a review on Amazon or Goodreads.
Downton Abby + glass of red + Persian cat on lap = Sunday night girlie heaven.
Grindr is just depressing in Iron Mountain -.-
Hoping to jam for Rains on their current tour with Five Finger Death Punch - St. Paul, MN! Post on their wall to request Benjamin Raye.
Give our boys some love #roadron That second half was dismal. Thanks for going to support the guys.
Dew tour:).
atta kid! If your back in mont afterward you know who to call.
I wish I knew how to program. A little PHP could go a long way these days.
Someone's attention? Haha
I knowww and they are pointless! !!
I'll be thinking of you <3
Everybody watch out, is wearing a suit!
Played a show today for Be The Movement...thanx to those who came out (even in the rain) to support a great cause!
haha your twitter name makes no sense...GOOD LUCK IN DAYTONA SIS
Can you follow me????
what's up bro?!
I'm going to be a real-life Auntie Em!!! I have a feeling it's all going to be babies and weddings for the next few years. yay!!
Amen, Cousin Desmond!!!
Phillies must win tonight
Have a great weekend!
• Did Ax's wife have the baby yet?
This is for the bearers of the water from the well of love from generation to generation...for all the mothers out there. She is a woman.
BIGS UPS TO MY BOY FOR HITTING A SINGLE THAT SCORED 2 MEN!!!! I SEE YOU ZAK!!!! GET ME THAT A!!!!
Wanting to know anything!? Tweet us your questions!
Woo! Down to the WIRE, Packers!
true that MAN. we can't forget the bridges that brought us.
RT come back to El PASO,TX. We miss you :D ": Don't get me wrong, I love that I get to play for big crowds but I gotta start
there's nothing to do around here to get you in trouble xD
Thanks for the follow! I made your potpourri for the holidays! Love your DS column and Homemade Living series.
Is anyone looking for a Limo Ride to the Pittsburgh Penguins Game 5 at Mellon Arena. We have a few available to service your needs.
. I'm happy to say that my neighbors from hell have vacated the premises! :D Think I'll be drinking a lot less. #whoknew!
I'll be sleeping like a baby
#WEBD1500 at Tennessee Tech University thanks you for the offer and will query you very soon:)
Dear Mancini: sorry Stoke roughed up your starlets, but it really wasn't in their best interests to let you play your game.
lol shut up
Free Island Orientation (& #Kona coffee) 8:30am today, Weds., Friday with our Cultural Activities Director. Meet @ Manta Ray Bar & Grill.
I'd love to, but I'm sick. Delayed SXSARS or something. Have fun!
Why are these horoscopes so on point with my life? Alsdfkg
I have thought long & hard about the draft (so a lunch break, haha) & who the Cavs need to take. I really like Barnes.
Whatever's good by you is fine! Let me know if I can pitch in.
"they're not just destroying the env. They're permanently impoverishing these communities" RFK's words to son
Thanks for the RTs Dan! Do you think you'll submit your ideas? Pretty Please!?!?!
haha hell yeah sister
Hey, any Tampa/Venice/St. Pete area churches who would like to have me in on Sunday am 3/18? Or Friday pm 3/16? I'll be there. :)
you guys rock!!! Thank you..
Not that I'm complaining about our awesome weather but it is odd to get dressed in the morning when it's 47 degrees knowing that it'll be 75
Non profit status means not a single bit of difference. Liability remains.
But I don't know where to find him <U+E232><U+E234><U+E236><U+E235><U+E233>
selfish ppl got an excuse for erthang
#projectrunway 100% happy with the results. Just like last week.
PENIS FACE!!! Take that mom!
#Lakers, #Clippers, AND #Kings! What a day to be an Angelino!
Lmao ! Dumb Ass Bitch .
nothing was as bad as seeing 's show.
USA or UK (cont.) MKG would out hustle you, Davis would block you all day, Jones would drop another 27 on you & the #WBA would finish ya off
heh, sorry to hear that!
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: JJ Ramirez
why hello there right back! Are you super busy in the next couple of weeks?
Nope! I wish! Haha!...just sharing helpful knowledge I found today from my awesome step-brother..he helped me find those sites
RT : Hey, who hired the bumper sticker slogan writer who helped write the #Obama speech on #Afghanistan tonight?
Hey, and you'll get extra heart licks for following today!
Just bought my ticket to Springtime Unplugged
Longest day of my life ...
Key West Poker Run this Weekend... see u there
Pres.Obama gives the commencement speech College & tapes an appearance on The View today.
get better soon I miss you <3
m give me some guac
Just met someone from Real Housewives of Orange County. Didn't know who he was at first so I said "so what do you do??" Oops.
True that. Damn shady people keeping me from making on-the-fly rummage sale collections development possible.
#BackWhenIWasAKid... I was a good child and actually listened to my mommy and daddy... That has drastically changed lol
I agree lol.
There's also people who if Lebron dipped his toe in the water they'd say he walked in water.
Sounds quite promising!
Dreams were made to become true
I HATE rest weeks from training.. but I guess they r SOMEWHAT necessary. Glad 2 b done dietstarting back manna n ground n pound am Monday :D
yo, any way u guys can swing by this way b4 or after the show?
I'm not stupid. I was referencing the cupcake craze and the potential of it being replaced with donuts. Give me some credit.
thanks for the initial follow, jivers.
any tweeps awake?
I think you do. Just because you were bad with someone before, doesn't mean it'll happen with someone else.
RT : club paradise...
G.M.N.I.: At all times, the best cure is laughter. If I took everything so seriously, I'd be depressed, pessimistic, & an asshole.
I think Greinke misses having the Sounds behind him in the field
Craigslist is an amazing tool. In 2007, San Diego CRM made close to $200k from business pulled from Craigslist. US-Wide
if Edgar landed more punches or any, wouldn't Ben have been marked up even a little? And ring control was Bens. Not close
yes!! Where? When?
i'm losing my edge.
Ya-Huh
RT These orange alternate jerseys are absolutey b-e-a-u-tiful.
At #River Horse West in West Bend. Woot!
That was a nasty tweet. I'm embarrassed to know what you're referring to, haha.
oh I rock it nice
thanks for the retweet!
I was on my way off 3rd West, heading to 8.012 section. I recall carving the date into my table, which in retrospect seems dramatic of me.
Let Lollipop Mondays at Colony tonight BEGIN!!!
Parks and Rec is the best show ever! I laugh at every dry sarcastic joke.
#Quote of the day: To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have. - Ken S. Keyes, Jr.
WELCOME TO TWITTER!! :)
LAX -> IAH Big thanks to Jillian Fratkin for the lift to the airport!
And I was always Hungry! I used to always starve thru that
Don't want to go #home tomorrow!
What are the best apps now available for showcasing the retina display on the new #iPad?
I love your singing and i love the song Rolling In The Deep!! I am your biggest fan!!! Your awesome!!!
Church gonna be good tonight with my family!! Ready to lift up the name of Jesus! =)
we're live at 5pm! SD's grossmont college! $5 ! great cause!
Now you do SOMETHING...WHAT?! I stamped and signed it!
4/20.... Bout to go get my nails did, hair did, everything did! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
": I swear, everybody I call say I have a cute voice..."
when you think a guy is checking you out but youu remeber you're wearing rainbow shoes and hes just like "what the hell are on her feet?!"
as you should have. Had I been informed PRIOR to less then 24 hrs b4 I would have come down to watch too! lol
Back on #Eden today! Last day to play...
miss talkin to u too
no plans yet to release data at the moment but we do hope to make #3D models available via web viewer soon!
Grateful for all the birthday well wishes today and realizing I need to do a better job of keeping up with those fb daily bday notices.
i found my doppleganger on
omg come check out the new 2story Zumiez at the Fashion Show mall, it's freaking tight & the peeps so friendly, say hi to Kaywood!
Mission accomplished!
You can find me in the club, eatin' Cap'n Crunch I'm into having snacks, I ain't into making lunch
scratch that... it won't let me DM you for some reason!
“: I am the worst event planner in the world. I can't plan my own birthday. shame.” ¡ #Escandalo !
agreed ... The #Avs look like a few of their players were shaken babies
We've got 80 degrees and palm trees right here in
Looking for a fun, friendly bootcamp/workout group in MKE, possibly near the lake? Any ideas/suggestions?
To my new Followers, thnx for the Follow!!=)
#best90squotes Ya down with O.P.P yea you know me
Dying laughing at our waiter sprinting 's - downing this purple marg to get to
I thought I would never feel old. Then Debbie Gibson had to go and turn 40 today.
watching the Blind Side and voting for you guys #TM #mbpopoff #TeamMindless i love you guys follow me back<3<3<3
I know! I was like are they all friends O.o
my attention span = kaput
I am still at this airport. That is all.
something is wrong when the consequences don't speak for themselves though..
The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you.
lol, my parents don't live in miami anymore. I'm here with brother bear
So happy to be done with work for today. I worked hard at a fast pace, and got the scratches and bruises to prove it.
With ma guuurls.
You are my rising sun and sundown
Running for the 1st time in three weeks on my bday! Hope it gives me good luck for my run.
and his caddy are the same person, just one has a beard
No shortage of Canadian content in National Lacrosse League playoffs
you already know!
": I'm off now I just got on the parkway ... You okay your caps lock is off
Good for Elton to play silly role in Pepsi commercial
yeah so i just did the salt and ice challenge. yeah my hand is burning right now
find the file on thingiverse and we can print you one out
I'm going crazy here, I feel like a little toddler again :') lol
My car just died. Happy Friday!
everyone is watching the Grammys....
Cant wait to get off work cuz im not goin home!!!
Mark Begich (D-AK) just took the Senate floor to support the reauthorization of
my son waffles is so nice to me (: #proudmom (:
RT Mousavi Facebook: CRUCIAL Demonstration on Saturday 16:00 Tehran and around the world, please pass on
Poaching eggs. Toasting Ciabatta. Wilting baby spinach. Smoked Salmon. You know where this is going...
My English teacher was bugging today. How annoying. I don't feel like going to school tomorrow.
hey Ava. Your my pro pic and my twit pic.
New Davinci Virtual Office conference room packages in Newport Beach! Call 877MYDAVINCI today and ask for Christie for details! dv.co
T.I. Be spittin that hood logic knowledge I love it
i need that embroidered on a pillow. (not joking)
you won't throw on Williams or Woodson and you did not fix the o line. Cutler is out week 10
4G full bars on phone, yet slow Facebook app and errors on certain pages. All this money and yet terrible UX and database calls....
Sending you lots! Your jewelry collection should be on everyone's holiday wish list!
I know you boys will win it for us tonight
Need a place to escape the Ravens madness? Stop by Bonaparte! Enjoy a coffee and croissant in a relaxed, football-free environment!
Courtney upshaw #pack lets do it
Rolling along tonight and started reminiscing and then my eyes closed and then I remembered crap I'm driving...
>>>MLM News! Nerium International( New Company Listing )
Absolutely. RT : Faith is taking the first step even when you don’t see the whole staircase ~Martin Luther King Jr.
Thank you :-) Life is moving forward! Hope you all have an awesome time opening for Vertical Horizon tonight.
Just tuck and roll, man. RT Back on 94.5 The Lake with news. live at 7. Hope I don't bump into running down the hall!
4 hour master-class with #FrankLangella and snuggling up in bed to watch get mutilated by jack...Monday's looking up!
might have to read that too, is rocking my daily schedule too
Looking forward to moving 25 yards of soil today at the T-Intersection of Palmer and Concordia from 10-3. Come join us! Bring a shovel.
way to go! Kudos to you and staff!!!
omg I'm soo sorry I hope u have a supa speedy recovery (leans over and kisses ur boo boo) ••Maauh!!!!
My head says #TeamHaley but my heart says
Just got caught up on email. If you're still expecting one from me send it again. Sorry thanks.
Thanx for the RT. I'll send you a referral link shortly. You'll get FREE extra storage space!
Christmas is less than two weeks away, have you finished your holiday shopping? Vote now on www.krqe.com!
You're not the only one, I promise... RT Just once I want to run into a library and scream "Ninja Slumber Party!" Just once.
I think I'm seeing some results, again, from my workout
We just love your adjective! Its perfect!
#SomeWomenCantStand other women!! I dont like girl they talk to much shxt!!!
Last week Kansas was lucky to get past Purdue. Tonight UNC was lucky to get past Ohio. Feeling this game is over.
Listening to my friend talk to her boyfriend on the phone depresses me...
i really need a dedicated workout partner
at my little sisters talent show, a 10 year old boy sang Write Your Number On My Hand. He did it justice.
I tried liking her and her band, I really did. But she pisses me off.
it took me at least 6-9 months. Hahahaha!
Brb gotta wash the dishes!.
So tired of dealing with morons. Actually, morons would be an improvement.
also it's my first book. i was/am an actress for thirty yrs.
All signed up and ready for the course with Colorado Outside?
i'll cut u & them lol
that necklace is amazing!!!
Yeah, pretty expensive. I'm just getting the word out, not paying that myself. I'd just take a cab.
hey! How's the new job at cerner?
You don't draft a guy in the 1st round when they are projected to go in the 3rd. That's drafting 101.
Know anyone who might be interested in helping out with web content migration? Most will be auto but we'll need help cleaning. Let me know!
I wish I had someone I could talk to :(
alright i will. haha
I'm in video conf w Google Places and questions from everyone "Where have all the reviews gone, why are they disappearing?" Epidemic now
so long as we string flowers in our hair, love foolishly, and dance in the rain, the rest can be secret maybe
umm, hello Brian! ;)
Thanks a lot! I'm glad to hear your a fan! Have you heard our mixtape?
Always remember. A hoe gone be a hoe & a nigga gone be a nigga. It really aint no use to get upset about it.
Tell your friends to follow us on Twitter!
Thank you for the mentions today! May the fourth be with you.
Real good shit today.
nah cigs dawg it been a long day
thank you for coming! are you joining us for our weekend training Nov. 4-6?
She was riding a skateboard in three inch heels. I fell in love before I even knew what was happening.
y do u ignore me dog?
grape, clonal selection, etc. I think it all plays a part for sure. But I think Adam nicely restates "terroir."
thanks! I'll forgive that your a NYY fan :)
Mcdonald's is red, Facebook is blue, I write some sick songs so how about you follow me too?
lol shut up <U+263A><U+263A>
u silly!!!
There is happiness when each moment is used in a worthwhile way. Happiness is such nourishment that it can transform a person from weak into
ya I feel u
Good ol David Lynch!
bow bow bow bow bow bitch I'm bustin at em!! That song is dumb there lol
I'm on the list love learning new stuff. Tnx -Kirk
Jamie Moyer's still on the Rockies' roster. Loving that.
I *knew* you'd like that one. Now, off to roast some ochre :^)
best PSYCHO homage
- will be glad when my car ready.
Who heard use our little nickname tonight?!
Dominate in everything you do --- even it's kickball. Nvm that the other kids are walking forward because they think u can't kick.
okay I just died. <3
I had it in mind my vac was in mid-May.. It starts tomorrow. :-/ #Oops #MyBad Was going in tomorrow.. Perhaps not.
How about a Free Flt. to Hawai'i? www.majkltravel.net RT Did u know that 1 in every 10 people in the world lives on an island?
Today is the World Naked Bike Ride at Portland. Keep Portland
me too! :D We better get a pic or something signed!!
Math for Elementary Teachers is kicking my butt!
Here's Denice who's using Skinny Fiber to improve her beach body, she's already lost 25lbs. in 6 weeks. You too can improve your beach...
rad - have fun over there
Life is going on
I didn't do the park Hopper because I didn't know if I would have time to hop.
She just be wantin sum to say
is really cute :3
thanks! The beta is coming out tomorrow and I hope you will love it!
I would take a national championship. If Louisville could beat KY along the way great, but the goal is a championship.
Saw the 3PM show of that dance piece I told you about. If you can do it, go. Really, truly. 8PM. Kern Center. Pure joy.
Grats to our Lobos for winning the MWC championship and having a 5 seed in the big dance!
I wish I didn't have one.
I'd love to do a season of both each year but definitely have some movie stuff I'd like to do next before jumping back in.
Ugh so dehydrated right now.
just signed up with edelweiss :) I have to barter for more time from my toddler.
Took me far too long to realize people were mad at Limbaugh and not the epic 70s rock band.
Hey, we haven't talked in a while! Miss ya love! How are you?
Thank u!! Have a Happy Mother's Day too!!:)
Find the front door bitch
Happy 175th birthday, Chicago! My, how you've grown.
hey polo how are you? :)
good meeting u big dog.. Let's keep in touch!
I need to get a job ASAP. If I'm stuck with my mum all summer I just might die.
I never said anything like that!
For museums that do use social media, there's also the question of which museum staff are allowed
I did!! And I finally met my neighbors after all these months!
Great rehearsal today! We are so excited to welcome Gilbert to the cast. He's amazing!!!
I hate this class! -_- 2 hours left to be annoyed....
Hands Designed to be Kissed Most beautiful bridal Mehndi designs
I rather be single & flirt, then be stuck with an @$$hole who doesn't realize what a good woman he has.
Ghost Hunters International. :D
would love to.....but I don't have tickets
We don't want anyone to feel rushed!
omg i just realized im past 700 followers :O gonna have to do ANOTHER live chat some time. proly this weekend :)
haha my brother just told me that he heard a deep man's voice coming out of my room.I'm watching all of Jc's videos that's why (;
your welcome burns suerte!
not a team at the station, I embarass them enough!
We are hiring if you have any potential candidates!
YAY FOR YOU!
Not being able to be there for my baby really gets to me!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Thanks for bringing it up! There are an incredible amount of V2V opps and buying incentives out there.
lol. I had to put the bag down. Just...so...good!!!
Happy Christmas eve <U+E033><U+E033><U+E448><U+E448><U+E112><U+E112>
Hi !! FYI got a Feeln is acapella perfect!!! Hopes will get to chat w n tmmrw!!
Alcohol is an inactive ingredient, according to a Nyquil label.
Awesome! Do you know if you can transfer the balance to another Go card?
About a week ago my dad gave me my mom's high school year book to look at… I haven't bee able to open it yet
what about "ax/ex/ox/xi/xu?" Z has nothing on that. If "za" is shorthand for "pizza," I totally agree.
Cool, still here in electronic Pepsilandia.
Santorum says if Obama wins presidential election freedom is over.
whatever. no you're not. i understand that you'd rather be there. so, it's okay.
yo. Do you remember me,,, your mouth?
this just breaks.my heart & disturbs me greatly. Not sure how people can be that cruel. :( wish Werth the best
Hudson Valley, SoCal/Salton Sea, NV, Iceland, Sweden, Delaware, NJ, NEPA, Central PA, NC. I find things wherever I go.
Tiger Woods needs to start hanging with Charlie Sheen...then he'll start
didn't mean to start a debate, just listening to G&G like you! Sorry - hope u have a good day
Watched Shut Up, Little Man! last night. Not sure how I missed that meme entirely.
Why is this couch is so comfortable.
lol, have 2 unfortunately this series RT : I wonder if is cheering against the pacers right now for his heat? Lol
:) thats very very true ,its fun when the teachers are not teror
Mad Men and Mad Ballers :)
Asked max to audition for britains got talent with me and sing, well he hasn't said no so weheyyy
toledos show was killer. Lovin harvells on a sunday night!
i'm say'n...that nigga shoulda said that monday when williams had that two piece dark for .99...smh
#sometimesyouhaveto watch the one you love walk away
"are you saying Pam? Or Pan?" Have a great day <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Thanks for coming out to the Haiti Earthquake Relief Benefit Concert everyone! Your donations will be much appreciated! We had a blast too
If you don't believe you deserve the best; then don't act surprised when you receive less than. You get what you are expecting. -RM
#RnBThrowBacks Usher Can you handle it
a MUST follow!
said the gone lose and the final score gone be 101-96 I hope #OKC prove him wrong
"we see ourselves as a technology company that happens to have cars." Rob Weisberg, CMO
Hi Paul, I just sent it over!
4th report of #dogattack at Paul Revere Park in #Charlestown. Presumably the same dog, brwn/wht #pitbull named Parker. Please steer clear.
Wow that last tweet was bad!! Dang! Tweeting & driving don't mix haha
So glad you are enjoying Ailey!
Back bends & kick overs while listening to Christmas music at the rac
Next time you get a physical have iron checked to ensure that your levels are adequate, iron helps transport oxygen to your muscles
#Bees pollinate both #coffee plants as well as #alfalfa, on which the #dairy industry is dependent.
-- my X-Files lives on.
I guess you've seen the suit I have on it was a surprise from my wife...I came home unexpected & there it was on a chair.
I'm home now btw. Thanks, mom! ;p
Colt .45 is a RBI machine, something this horrendous RBI offense needs (plus he'll fall in love with the #Cleveland food scene)
I had a GREAT party venue. I just... um... ended up at Safeway.
Does it matter that there are no postcards of Prentice? Should we only preserve popular buildings?
at my friends house watching American dad ;)))
It's Friday time to get JUICED UP with Meech Dogg On you tube, Meech Dogg JUICED UP...
Yeah, now you having me wanting the banana ones! LOL!!!
Coming at me wit Grillz (fake ass grillz mind yu) you a grown ass man dont decorate your teeth
RT : helps you write and publish your pitch
although an oc rp would be fun to do
It would be easier to get out of bed if headed to the beach, but going to work, so not so easy!
Have fun drinking my piss next time you drink a recycled water bottle
yes & they need to hear why we are breaking the vendor addiction because the staff who leave do good stuff
#paulydpregame #yeahbuddy ... Some homework and the new season of #PUNKD and #PaulyDProject !!!
I'm finally following ! aka girl interrupted
yea I kno
Lots of us sitting on the floor in the nook and ereader session right now
Very empty Bengals Stadium.
Oh no, I definitely heard that you were a terrific hostess. :)
why you feed the jealousy train?
How long does it take to get a baggage receipt once an email has been sent? Is the receipt sent digitally or via slow mail?
After a rough week, going to get #footloose with my favorite manny.
Going to save a min pin that is getting euthnized tonight at 8
I care as much about hockey as I do about the
The key to life-lasting royalty payments is writing a unique holiday song.
RT RT : I want something I can't have.
#IAmLegend is a great movie.
Every moment of one's existence one is growing into more or retreating into less.
Jump around was awesome.
and the Suburu was a nice #onlyinPDX touch
Hey whats up Lisa, haven't heard from you and Big T...Orphanz™
There are a ton of Buckeye haters out there, but how are Ohio State fans different from any other big (or regular) college?
That awkward moment when you trip while walking alone and don't know whether to laugh or sprint
I am! We have some of their pieces and I was thinking of them just today. Do you have a favorite installation of theirs?
I forgot to ask what happened last night?
my neighbor just got off te bus and yelled happy Easter to the bus driver? wtf?
I don't want a tornado I'm home alone!! >.<
Heading to PNS with Ethan.
Life just isn't worth it anymore..
Hells to the yeah!
It's time to get the IU agreement done. You've been at UK long enough now that you should understand what really matters.
Sometimes I wish I can go back in time and punch myself in the face
#kids Run Like A Mother 5K Race at Reverchon Park, Sun, May 13 8:30a: Run Like A Mother, or RLAM, a motivational race founded by...
m... maybe should be using Google+ for occasional notes rather than Tumblr?
God just answered my prayer. I feel like a mountain has been lifted off my heart. He is so good.
We look forward to seeing you at the Grand Opening! Thanks for following us! Lots of craziness as we move back but very exciting!
lol it's not ratchet gah
NOW WADE KNOW BETTER.
I'm trying to convince my hubby to build me a cabin on old family property. New route number 666.
man that's exactly what I wanted to do. Got sick late last night tho so I'm just sleeping
YUP! And then T-Pain had to ruin everything with his big ass chain.
that shoe is insane.
fun night planned at enjoying Brian McKnight!!
Do you know he has only had 1 drive in which he was leading the game in his 5 games? Led oak 14 to 7. All that and he's won 2 games!
larson boat parts
Hey Youre Amazing Singer And Actress Love You And Youre Other Co-Stars So Much.
Former UK football player Myron Pryor was put on injured reserve. That sucos he wad having such a good year!
What ya getting into today? Playing any ball? Coaching? Lifting?
She has a few songs i like though.
a new day has dawned
Bobby Valentine - Welcome to #Redsox Nation!
aint that some truthishness ...by the way. Im a rapper! :)
Trying to grab some sleep.
I'm good. So you're from Satown huh? What high school?? Don't say Churchill! :b
Ohh Tumblr is far superior - much more sophisticated and fun platform than Blogger. What do you have to blog about?!
Our lightning tracker showing ~600 strikes over the past 5 minutes in the Fox Cities!
An individual has not started living until he can rise above the narrow confines of his individualistic concerns to the broader concerns.
Hey me and are on our way to find your house in Nashville!! We'd love a retweet
Dinner with grams was good. Now time for gym, tan, homework!! ;-)
Josh...WOW!
haha love the diet #socollege earlier i had stale triscuits
Looking forward to seeing #Jaimoe tonight at the Gramercy Theater with his Jasssz Band!
Congrats to D. Serchay on having Booklist's 'Review of the Day' : "a first choice for public and academic libraries" www.booklistonline.com
better hurry!
RT : Attending Around the World with tonight? The official event hashtag is #TAGibsATW. You can also still register at:...
i have one and there awesome but somtimes they can be annoying
Damn, I'm realizing I keep to myself way too much. Thought everybody important be knowing.
A bend in the road is not the end of the road...unless you fail to make the turn. ~Unknown
Blasting "Carry on Wayward Son" on vinyl. I told you this weekend would be good!
you got it! On the radio a little bit ago. Stuck in my head now.
wait, just saw the end of the highlights. Crap
thank you for the great content AND the retweet ;)
yes! Can't wait!! I'm around if you need me for your other films. Woo!
Job Tip: Always keep a backup phone charger in your car/bag. You don't want to miss out on a call/job because your phone is dead.
Getting a $100 gift card to Lily Pulitzer is like getting a $20,000 gift card to Mercedes Benz. Nice but you still need to kick in...
How long should you wait after getting a guy's number to call? I met this really hot guy at a BBQ in '93 and I don't want to seem desperate.
soft mi ready.
Anything for you.
makes sense. That's what I did at Bloomington, IN too. still, it's too bad.
Thanks! I designed and made the site myself. ;)
Bowl season under way - sad that #BC Eagles are sitting at home watching - not competing - whose fault? - hm - #FireSpaz and
I don't understand the young people.
you know it..but aren't you sad you're leaving me too? lol
Please go to my imdb page and click the "like" button on the right ... many thanks! www.imdb.me/scottbutler :)
We still appreciate your effort with :-)
miss you too! Going tonight?
PSU's International Night tickets will be available on Monday, April 10th at the box office.
aww finally a middle name without marie in it. -.
lmao . Mine are so small
it is soo pretty
Chilling with my n-words
I had such an awesomely weird and confusing dream last night
The eBook price-fixing lawsuit makes me feel like a little kid looking at the innards of a watch. "Wuzzat, daddy?"
have been looking for you to wish you a happy belated birthday!
I keep distracting myself from the 1 thing I need to do, by 6 other things that also need to be done. Ack!
WatchN The Vow w/ My Husband..
wish there was a drug that would give me the feeling I get when I hear 'This Must Be The Place' on the radio.
JUST TALKED TO ! AH IM DYING AND SCREAMING RIGHT NOW AH!!!
Carrie Underwood's new album >>> So good!
we need to turn your Grinch into a Who!!
It's so hot, way too hot
Is Pepsi also going to air some commercials featuring the Philadelphia Eagles during this NFL postseason?
Shoot me.
ive said before theres only 3 appropriate answers to 'would yu eat her ass out?' ... yes, no, and fresh out the shower
Firegirl by Tony Abbott: Burned girl makes one friend.
Cabin bound :-) going to relax....
Ya gotta let ya hair down..
Exactly. They didn't. D Wade left it in Miami.
haha you're delusional
'Formed from' or 'consists of' x coaches, I'd suggest.
calling my phone u so out of pocket I been there before boy u need to stop it!
Starting the HCG diet this week hope I can hang with it for a month, 1st 2 days u pig out then u have only 500 calorie's a day after crazy!
Early to zumba and of course getn n upset stomach #wonderful hopin to enjoy some sun and painting today
RT : You're #awesome. Just needed to say that!
it was strawberry :3
and I are going to be making bank next pay check! Love making money again!
Wonder if Bob Geldof and Simon Cowell will cut a charity single to benefit the victims of the great Gaithersburg 'quake...
Barack won't do anything for money. Newsweek wanted to take a picture of him shitting on the flag, but he said "No". Loser!!
Tonight on #FrontRowCenter, show their country/folk sound. With T-Bone Burnett & On Ch 10 at 9.
Someone needs to teach me how to skateboard! Haha x
nice man! I've been training for 13 to 14 years and yes man it is a great sport! I love everything about it even the lows.
Kathy your the best!!!! U made watching the Oscar fun tonight.
Lets go!!!
Make no mistake about it. There is an organized movement against organized #labor, and it's called the Bush Administration – Ted Kennedy
#1326 Icon: Hot! <: BG: I'm Arianate-ing! She's amazing! Bio: Awesome! <3 AND, YOU'RE MY BESTIE. I LOVE YOU MORE! :D
Pray 4 one of world's wealthiest nations- less than 1% evang! France for Christ info meet Sat 1pm. (not a fund raiser) Details KLOVE.COM
hahaha I love your answer!!!:D
He is hot.
Why do some chicks act like they all that and a bag of chips but they not even some of that and a mamba....? #Ramone'sRandomBrain
And...HELLO, welcome to Brett and Billy!!! I hope you two have the most amazing week! Thanks for stopping by and rock on! : )
Good morning. Only 2 hours to go til Tent North and West of Hilton Colluseum. Stop by and see us!
i'm getting sick Dx
13 hours of driving. 13 hours of nonstop Drake and Jeezy. Wanted to turn this into a haiku. Too tired. Home.
How do you go around and smile in someones face knowing that you're talking to their ex?
YES SIR! RT The Marshall crew!!
actually I believe our local broke that news first-check the tl I'm 95% sure
haha, dreams about McDonalds are always stellar!
Called with a list of parts to be pulled for pick up. Came in - not a single part pulled. O'Reilly's FAIL :(
I think Chinatown, I think San Fran...or Asian Naked Spa In Vegas...how do I make that comment not weird? too late...airy :)
They're counting the votes by hand w paper ballots in Urbandale
I can not read your tweets no more while drinking any beverage...you are too funny.
You'll just have to schedule another trip out west!
Sweet set-up there.
I'm about to watch the latest recording of #Fringe!!
Aight tomorrow is the day. I will be throwing money at my phone at 9pm PST. Where can I cop? Fye?
Chillin at the Friends n Family party with my people. So far so good.
Thank YOU for participating! We had so much fun!
Okay, I've been at work for three hours and ready to get strarted....now. Well, in a bit.
Single Tweet was so April 15 m people wanna just now say some
says the dude who still takes mirror pics
I hate when parking sucks so much that I double park by my house so I can run in to pee....
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful Moms out there! Especially my mommy <3
We are so excited to see !
Hm... I'd have to ask the student. Interesting possibility.
Good morning! The link doesn't work. RT : Learn how to start to discover and articulate your purpose in life from
I "may" have eaten one once... still not sure to this day. Oh Thailand.
It looked painful dude got red marks & bloodied. I would have stepped in but dude seemed like a douche
“: Joining the cast of "Hitchcock" with Anthony Hopkins and Helen Mirren. Very cool.” Coolio. Mr. Cool!
Happy Friday! Lots to finish before the weekend.
Girls talking, baby screaming, I guess it's time for the earbuds!
Trying to find the debate on tv. Is it tonight?
DT Ricardo Mathews stays with Indianapolis Colts and signs on their practice squad
I never understood the 3 choices thing. Not realistic. Not to mention all the un-sexy financial stuff that's glossed over.
Ok all you fucking one directioners should really shovel yourself in a fire pit, please with all due respect
gets all the bitches jealous, lol i love you. fuck bitches
if you can avoid flying to Israel, do that. They will stick in the crappiest plane they have and treat you like cows.
Kleven Contemporary is open today and tomorrow from 9am-5pm. stop by and have a looksee!!
Hmm. Do you have GSX access? Wonder if the replacement part requires a newer OS component/update?
The #Brewers need to get a shrink for Yo and Hack G. Talk about ten cent heads......
Just Steve - : YO!! All you guys headed to Rock on the Range or just Steve?? On my way too :)
thanks for the follow man.
Getting 4 hours of sleep due to homework definitely justifies an afternoon nap.
Really wish I could go to the Big Red Liquors Beer Fest in Bloomington!
Looks nice!
I READ IT IDIOT TRY TO SIGN OUT TO READ MINE..
Why are they giving PARKS only 13 eps next season and why are they cancelling it. Mostly: WHY??!!
Jerry Is HUGE(; I wonder what Justin thinks about this TT? ;)
This point is always made at our 6 month refresher course. Due to mandated topics to cover we only touch on it.
Sometimes you just need to cave and order a sweater full of yarn in #Quince color honey
Understatement of the playoffs so far #BeyondMessedUp RT : Man, this game is messed up.
Oh you know just on your channel play you songs over and over!!!
like I said insensitive
off too change our address officially #LIFEISGOOD and get some pizza!!
yes! just what I needed this morning!
Getting ready to hit NYE party circuit, which in our world means 2 parties in friends' homes. Looking fwd to much fun. Happy New Year!
So thankful to have Pantera in my life.
How's your hooves doing?
#DeltaDelta is killin this Mercer step show
hey whts up
Dear whoever is in the hall outside my classroom, loud does not equal funny...or charming.
yesterday i went over to 's house and we watched the stupidest scarry moovie evar. he was so scaredd heh c;
Almost done Christmas shopping and its not even December yet.
One more fuckin' love song I'll be sick.
follow us! and our merch guy
any tips on Abu Dhabi? I'm going Friday to assess ActivateGames (teaching youth game design w some civics) w
Ok call your mom and tell her to pick you up now
RIP #ALDAVIS A true Football pioneer...
Let it be known far and wide: Today is the first day I've worn open-toed shoes to work this year. :)
haha yes i love oreos =) and u gotta tell me this idea =P
Happy Monday. Any amazing game moments that you need to share with the CheapBats world?! We want to hear about 'em!
AMAZING. FRAPPUCINOS ARE HALF PRICE AT STARBUCKS. WAH
Thanks for following me on Twitter, Skip. I look forward to your Tweets and posts. Cheers!
« Today has been a good day :) !»
From one of my youngest guitar students: 'What happens when we learn all the songs in the universe? Then what do we do?'
where you at now, and why you didnt hit me up when you were here? dang you girl...
Check out Shdy Lks. There you can fish, hike, and have a pleasant picnic to end the afternoon under a Cotnwd Tree.
Been stuck in meetings since 9am today. But I have emerged to my favorite read of the week. Time for some chix nuggets at Mailbag!
omg omg life suckz.
Not to late to join us @ Lillies for Thanksgiving. $21.95 adults, $13.95 kids. Turkey, all the fixings, dessert. 202 450 4824 for details
Dear Scranton, not a good start...Im a stickler for time so yeah this late stuff...not cool.
finished AP test #so happy
Favorite Love Song : Jump Then Fall (Taylor Swift).
ION WANNA GT MARRIED..ION NEED THEM PROBLEMS
whoa that looks amazing. nice work, T. happy birthday Duy.
you too girl!!
when did you take this photo?
te-je...REHAB is a nice place, i been in H-Town an this is my 1st night there...so dope...Named it Therapy for fun lol
False! “: Miami is never fun when it rains!”
yes!! This Pats fan (in Chicago) is psyched.
Where's the sun San Diego? Oh, wait a minute, I see it here at the beach in Carlsbad! Moms/Dads be strong in your voice for your children..
S/o to the worst driver ever, and even though u missed it for showing up today
my friend Mayah has a crush on you. Just thought you should know that.
I know! I do want them all!!! has other opinions...
I want new clothes. Like, now.
Up for a morning run. New blog post on my disaster with Internet dating www.kayblog.com
Is it true that you'll be joining the Justin Bieber Crew again for the Believe Tour in 2012? :) I hope so...we need you, Ry <U+2665>
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. Mahatma Gandhi
Don't need the pin if they run it as credit though right?
#ISupportSameSexMarriage Whats the Big Deal hear lovers of the same Sex should have the right 2 be Married show ur love
I just loaded the first eBook I've ever built onto my iPad and it's BEAUTIFUL(ish).
I am sad to learn that one of my favorite singer, #WhitneyHouston, has passed away. I know she will be missed.
To have great poets, there must be great audiences. - Walt Whitman
We're spending today editing our #senior sesh from last night while jamming to our #Fun. station on Pandora. What are you up to today?
You're welcome. Hope you're having a great week so far.
Use #FEED on your Instagram photos. Will be printed and posted at Arthouse ATX for
#SomeWhereInTheGhetto a parked car just got side swiped by somebody driving a base rental.
seems they have to compromise to efficiently serve a large user base, not good for user experience though.
Why does it feel like I've been waiting at the car wash for hours?!?
When ever I watch a John Candy movie and he starts walking I can't help but scream "dead man walking!" I'm a riot!
Remember how easy it was to open your blinds this morning? Thank the Venetians!
I forgot my uncle Joey (Gaga) was at the VMA's last night! Lady Gaga and Britney kiss?? Not gonna happen Britney says! LOL..
Yeah DC represent! RT : Outstanding Chef Award: José Andrés, minibar, Washington, D.C.
Today is the big week where i find out if i have Celiacs Disease. Dad is certain i dont.
Oh, Yeezy's got a release date now? ..... too easy
"Tonight we are young. So let's set the world on fire!"
My mother was against me being an actress - until I introduced her to Frank Sinatra
Now Following
I used an Excel Visual Basic macro today. Is it weird to say I got an #adrenaline rush?
Offering great painting jobs discounts for this month! CHRISTMAS ESPECIAL.
s/o that man goes in!
NOW BOOKING APPOINTMENTS FOR HOMECOMING-makeup, lashes, brows very affordable pricing
Can you buy men's soccer tickets at the gate?
#NowPlaying Common - Hungry
Hey Tracy - I'd like to do another piece as a guest writer... on approaching 4 years as a working mom. Thoughts?
Me:"Josh! What is the entire process of labor and delivery called?!" :"PUSHING A WATERMELON THROUGH A STRAW!"
#Wits and the witnesses sound great!
EB and WB I-70 at Holly... 2 crashes both in the left lanes. Pass it on and warn your friends who take 70!
Audition in the morning for a Texas Lottery commercial...it's either feast or famine for auditions.
just went to the kitchen and got some NUTELLA yeah man lo
because booze and a sleep-aid go together like hand in glove! bhahaha
Just checked your T was mailed on 2/24. Send us some pictures of Italy so that we can feel jealous that you live there!!!
We have reprinted our mouse pads! Our new SBA SOP 50 10 5 (D) mouse pad had run out but now we reprinted them. Have them sent to you today!
Good morning! Nebraska loves you :) #1DtoOmaha check it out!
Taking showers when I'm in a bad mood. >
We just got called out, y'all.
Fuck Community College, lets get drunk and eat chicken fingers!
#ithoughtyouwerecuteuntil You took off you socks!
"Just do whatever it was we were taking about as soon as possible" is not a clear directive
If you sow wheat that's what you will reap, not corn.
thinks is MVP but he almost said it's either Kobe or for MVP jack
happy birthday Alec
Kevin is the night foreman overseeing the Tapenzie/Brooklyn Bridge security repairs.
OMG it's Batman...nevermind, just Kobe Bryant in a black mask.
you don't think their sexy? xD
As you start your business, think about protecting your personal assets with an LLC. And think, do I really need a building (and rent cost?)
for those wondering that's a podcast reference. Download the show to get the reference.
Japanese disaster and reactor crisis show resilience of nuclear power<U+200E>
Hang in there and just say no. Turn on Biggest Loser if you need inspiration. ;-)
it wont let me go onto
He's not on the phone, either.
Damn, you put me in a bad mood.
<<< I was thinking more like drinking wine but close enough lol
Bitch leave my man alone. Ain't you got your ownn
Jersey boys!!! Why are they so hott n I'm not just talkin bout the iconic boyz
We wish you were too! Which one is your favorite?
Anyone have a good chutney recipe they'd like to share? ;)
If Tebow loses tonight, then that means Jesus isn't real.
It’s amazing how much work gets done when you are on a week-long motorcycle trip. I should go more often.
u lived a real interesting life G
As posted earlier: Have money to spend on new history books. What should I be reading?
Home. Recovery from: Sickness Gym Life And myself.
Come meet flintknapper Aaron Woods and watch him shape a chunk of obsidian into a stone tool. The workshop starts at 11:15.
is on BeerTub, is on our 3 Olives Bar by #TheRumRunners, will be at the door & has shots for u!
ifinddd so cute &adorable &sweet &amazing &a sweetheart &whoever is his gf ,better treat him right ! he is so sweet
we should just be bestfriends cause were so cute lol
I hate annoying ass substitutes!!!
I'm no ugly queen I'm just ugly me xD
@ VAIS Technology Conference -- looking forward to a few good sessions -- thanks to VAIS & STAB --
B4 I Die I Will Record Wit Noble N EDI.
I like Much Ado because it's a great example of how approachable #Shakespeare can be. A lot of it is prose or sex jokes.
just found out we need to name one of our songs anyone got some good ideas for a song title ?
I Need Yu..! U Always Help Me Open My Gym Locker Lol =)
it's annoying when I respond on my iPhone it uses my MSR account. Just in case you thought that was a random creep...
In front of desk working while checking email & tweeting. Have the FLU So bummed about missing Mr. Buckley...hmmph...ANother DAY I guess :-(
How do ya like that flop Vogal!
RT #Job opp: #Business Development Director at #BtoB Magazine - Greater NYC Area #jobs >opp for my local media friends...
<---- this guy right here RT : Who wants a shoutout to 26,000?
Had a dream last night that I bought an ink pen from Oprah
is there a coupon code for that? :-)
You're my sweetest dream come true.
RT : I hope & are inundated w half-marathoners this gorgeous afternoon!
Guess I'm watching movies at home all night.
Connect Pro is awesome! And not a lot of people are using Skype for the audio half though... that's pretty interesting!
I'm fine too and yes too HAHAHA. Which place are you going to go to?
If you're into penny stocks, I suggest you check out LUSI. Big momentum coming and rumors of a big PR will take this to the top, trust me.
you can call me whatever you'd like cc:
SOTU - Send the President the Dream Act, he'll sign it!
I just discovered your tumblr (I'm slow, I know)! I LOVE IT. Go James McAvoy and Friends and Michael Scott...
R.I.P. Izzy Pip-Squeak Largent. I will always love you. You've been gone for about a year now...I miss you.
#np Sunday Bluegrass on w the country gentleman, Berk Bryant. The shortest, fastest, and bestst 3 hours in radio!
Looking forward to tonight's #ImpInv roundtable alongside and Thx to
I can't wait for the weekend!
Dick Clark, the music industry maverick, longtime TV host and powerhouse producer who changed the way we listened to pop music with...
SometimesYouHaveTo distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If not, you know where you stand.
Praying for your this morning! Thank you for your investment in kids future. Blessings!
yeah I know I have to use a cast and crutches
Waking up for the day. Yes. My day starts now at 11pm & ends tomorrow at 9pm. Yeah for no sleep. Off to hospital soon to guard my father.
Words cannot describe how stoked I am for this showcase and where it's gonna take me
Leaving San Diego in about four hours. Already miss it. We must make this happen.
long story.
u know this brotha
It was AMAZING! theyr my favlrite band, love them, theyr from Oklahoma!! Lol in fact theyr movie Talihina Sky...
I will try to. I have a blackberry.. So you know what that means.
Life is great right about now!
#1stworldproblems = side effects of being spoiled ass Americans for example . . .
Charm City is well represented as is #WestBaltimore - shoutouts to HarlemPark, Midtown, Evergreen, Edmondson Vill & Bridgeview among others
Another chapter in the books. GM :)
I used to find it kind of interesting to look at my score over time, but that only highlighted the seeming random-ness of the data.
Time for some #socmed w and more!
thanks for the mention Cleverley! You're the best!
somebody needs Harry Potter Cliff Notes
Found an awesome Sea Salts bath store right on the pier in Sea Side Oregon. Huge Organic tubs filled w/fabulous smelling sea salts
Honor, patience, hard work, and humility will take you further than hustling, bogarting, hating, and brown nosing ever will...
#Attention --> is gonna be the newest movement for fresh fashionable #organic wear #follow us and her updates specials and more!
You going for cotto, aight. I'm with money may
Rewatching Moneyball already a classic in my mind
Tweet us a pic of your meal, we'll post it to our Facebook! Nothing like albums full of delicious food...
RT : one of the greatest decisions of my life was to follow you on twitter. I always agree with everything you say.
enjoyed it, thanks!
What are 3 things you recommend doing when your child received the diagnosis? Share what worked for you!
I'm Back Bro!! How U Been Ma Dude?!
awww man last nite I tried and tried and I also thought of telling ppl who know her as followers and I dnt think they did :(
im single!
“: #TeamTalk ~ When The Favor of Your Leader Becomes Unimportant To You...Resign. #drMM #fb”
Ijs...lol...RT : RT So Shaq got a Phd, huh? Hm...in education at that. Okay...
Taste & Toast Thursdays 5-8pm Weekly features: Chef Tuff Cookie Bake Shop, Artist Tanti Hill, Music from Island Spice
yes omg<3 just made my day! You remembered!
Finally heading home after a long night of filming.
Oh wow. I really needed to really heed that colon. I feel like a doof. That's why they pay me the big bucks.
r u goin to grandma house or are you comming home
great to hear that! Can't wait to see you tear it up!
I know it's you that keeps calling me on blocked number.
ty! Did you hear about our anti Valentine's Day contest too? For the single ladies!
No words are necessary between two loving hearts. Unknown
Btw, glad that someone actually read the whole post instead of just glancing at it :) Ok, it's fixed now. Thanks again!
Loves being treated like this when I don't deserve it especially by those that are closest to me
RT : I know that can be maddeing. If I can make a suggestion or give you some feedback, I'd be happy to do so.
Damned hard decision - is a single painting with eight parts an octaptych or polyptych?
#giveBIG has received donations from 7 different countries and 48 states! Everyone loves San Diego!
What a day already and its only 10:30am.
RIP Joe Avezzano
we live life 2 learn lessons
I made fish tacos (w/Guiness stout batter for frying the fish) recently. Not SD good, but not half bad...
wrote the whole bio chapter on a cheat sheet for my test today. definitely the only reason i passed.
Happy Saint Patrick's Day! If you're not wearing green, here's your virtual pinch!
Here's a hint, there's a new tab that I'm pretty sure everyone will like! (look under our profile picture)
Can't wait for our next injury-comparison episode. Of course I'm sure the picture in my attic is a bit older than yours...
Smh... Niggas gotta do better... Me and Joe in the same boat.
nun bored wbu
Fasho, good night to you
FUNNY. Thats why you were pooping your pants wondering where I was at on Saturday. :D
So cute!
I didn't get it :( No worries, we can still be Tweeps and exchange thoughts that way!
I'm sorry but Kobe be costing them games forcced shots and turnovers
our father? :| I don't … ok thank you.
I would hate to be short
What day is it? Starting the NFL draft on Thursday night has me all messed up.
can I be a judge?
good to hear! Will do :)
Omg where is there a Dave and Busters around here I gotta play dat big Fruit Ninja
i wish i had dimples.
“: One of these days, I'm gonna give all my secrets away” don't do that!
Positively #Cleveland is livin' it up in #Orlando at #APM2012 Expo
Starting up Clue for movie night. Four Rooms to follow. Come have a drink and watch a good movie.
Can't wait to see you on a set soon!
Ray Ray & Prodigy
I Love Your Story ! Its Really God! Read It Al(:
nnaah I was (doing nasty things) with my bf and I couldn't get in cause I got here to late
:: Wednesday on Live at 10... heads to two one-way streets on MKE's East Side where they know only "one way" to drive... FAST!
Happy Eliza Dolittle Day!
hour on mtv best night ever #BOYFRIENDvideo = perfect <3
aye inbox me ya number?
do some research and get back to me. I watch c-span for my information, you brainwashed bafoon
Calling out all Volunteer Managers! Register for the Volunteer Management Essentials Sessions on May 3,17,31. Click Link....
Eating at Nicky V's. Y'all gotta check this place out. It is delicious!
Tomorrow could be the best day of my life so far.
Being first in line for #TheHungerGames midnight premiere
Post-literate media
WootRT : The big party is starting here soon! Don't forget to head on over to for the afterparty!
Wake up and smell the music.
"Create fun and a little weirdness" -one of Zappos core values (dream workplace!!)
distractions are killer. work is usually a pretty bad place to get work done.
your my little croissant lol
Good afternoon everyone! How does everyone feel about us getting a referral contest going?
#icanttakeyouseriously if all u talk about is ur ex
guys that choose a BITCH over their 'best friend'<
yes, sign up, you'd like it! use my link, I get points when I refer people :)
My socks have gesso on them
Time for chocolate chip pancakes.
#WFUD12 "We have copyright in fashion, and it's called vexatious litigation."
Correction: & are not drinking buddies tonight. Just goofy Irsay tweets. 2 bad that'd be a fun party!
bored as heckk
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.~ Plato
the open man was busy downloading doodle jump. Doodle jump?
We love this tour! We try to see it as inspiring, not depressing. That sometimes works.
"When it is dark enough, you can see the stars." ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Stressing out. Hardcore.
Thanks! Crappy Puppet Show is hilarious!
It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome.
I'm 99% sure you don't like me and I'm 100% sure IDGAF. Today Tomorrow Yesterday Next week Or eva
"Sick" or "stick"? I'm confused.
Do the Cleveland #Indians really think they can compete this year? They'll be wasting their money if they sign Johnny Damon.
Please RT: What Would Lincoln Do?WWLD?
Fuck you you fucking sad pathetic loser
So ready to move to san diego. Going to miss all the homies though
One appt down. Three more to go.
When the guy you like texts you first.<U+2665>
Wednesday works fine, just text me (if you still have my number) a time!
Yep. Awesome stuff.
#whywriterswrite > RT "How could anything be more fun, than to love what U do and feel that it matters?"
Did you hear that? Bears. Now you're putting the whole station in jeopardy
Happy Birthday to the ultimate rockstar ! Wish you all the best mama..we will celebrate when I'm back in NYC xoxo
Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth. [Colossians 3:2]
IMO, responsive design is great but completely lacks the experience and connection you want to create for the consumer.
Taping a show for CFRB radio 1010 Toronto today at 1.30-with Bill King
Has everyone been enjoying the #snow?
I now fully accept that my new cell phone is a jerk when it comes to photos.
FOLLOW THE ACCOUNT! me and my friend own it“: Website is Almost Done!
Oh snap
The only thing I can think of, is my personal happiness <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Egg cartons. Neat, yeah?
Think of the one area of life that brings you the most discomfort, and that's where you're ripe for growth.
Thanks & right back at you: “: #FF #localgrowth”
it would be in NY. Though London would work.
That's awesome, congrats!
first time I've been nervouse before an internet show!
Who is Biggie Smalls? www.terriblepeopleshow.com
fun yea i was gonna go to eurofest but i didnt get thee stuff for my car
Game 2 at the Garden
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year Milwaukee!
Has seen enough #golf for 2011. Two more events to finish the season #MarinersClubofWisconsin and #CalumetEquityMutual. Bring on a long fall
"You know, I'm kind of like Tinkerbell, if you don't clap I'll die" – i love her!!!! <3
One day when the sky is fallin ill be standing right next to you <33 i LOVE !!
Yep You mentioned Flowers! Thanks for spreading the word. Have a good weekend!
2005 Nissan Altima Used Cars Queens Buy Here Pay Here NY ...
Wow jimmy carr says women apparently smile 62 times a day..not in tottenham they don't!! :p
Thanks Erin...glad you liked it!
Summer workouts start tomorrow!! Goin to be a crazy interesting summer this yr!
Thanks all for the great #Richmond suggestions. We're putting it the others in the group to select: Edo's, Capital, Roosevelt, or Mama Zu's.
tied....not tried...TIED of doin pushups. Lol so u know that's serious! Not worried bout just u and
#BmoreFail is decidedly missing a confectioner. Maybe next year.
lol u feel me it happenes to everybody
#MyPastRelationships taught me valuable lessons that help me make current ones last
glad to hear from you. Hope you're adjusting to rural life. I know it can be hard
#76ers haven't won a playoff series since 2003; One W away from upsetting 1-seed #Bulls. Sure, no Rose. But loss to 8-seed?
Nothing like a chocolate covered peppermint cookie from and a trip to the to chase the #bahhumbugs away!
if you don't think they're any good then stop watching they don't need your negativity.
all i ever do is rearrange furniture.
Morty the Dog: Favorite Movie Quotes: My Cousin Vinny
Thank you! Why didn't you come drink with me? lmao
I got your message sahn!!!
whats your number again
Spent my morning on a commercial shoot with my toes in the sand in Santa Monica. Lovely!
smh at some ppl on ustream
What time does SNL come on? What? It's only Friday? What if I was in China you presumptuous fuck? I'm not in China, but still...
i'll start on homework NOW
“: check out #ObamaDerbyNames to remind yourself that you live in a nation of rancid garbage” -> Holy crap!!
Thanks. Will check it out.
Thanks for the retweet!
hahaha o yea so this all happened at night when you were sleeping man it wasnt even a fair fight
Is your bracket all filled out? Who are you taking as the champion?
You win some, you lose some. As long as the outcome is income. <U+E12F><U+E12F>
i know. YoUll see her Friday. Are u getting surgery? I wish u were at school :)
oh it is, we all need to get back in our game and update it more though.
I have stopped saying bad things about you. (Honest. I really have.)
ok. I get off at 10 both days
o tweeter,
couldn't feel much better - on day 3 of 3 of #juicefasting - woke up to a celery, kale, cucumber carrot juice and a wheatgrass shot. Yum!
It's Make an offer Monday at www.notnilladesigns.artfire.com! Make me a resonable offer by contacting me on artfire and it's yours!
For those who placed bets on where i would get stuck. The winner is phoenix going off at 4 to 1 odds. My pain and suffering cut is 20%.
Love you too!
Would it be possible for us to get an interview with some of the SYTYCD dancers that are in Newsies? We'd love to promote u.
Pike IPA and Dry Wit
The Independent Republic of Chicago.
& I'll probably still not like him
well thats how Im rollin, go big or go home, Id rather be a little cunty than say nothing =)
They'll be #GladYouCame. See what I did there? :P
Thx! It was an incredible experience, but I need time now to just RUN, not TRAIN. I'll be back tho. Are u entering the lotto?
People shouldn't consider their opinions as facts. Do what you believe and respect the choices of others.
Just a few more appointments left for a Night-Out Make-up Application for $20!!!! Today only!!! Call now to book 327-2507
I apologize :) refollowed
Can already see the smoke from Woodburn HS as we head south on I-5
" The true perfection of man lies not in what man has, but in what man is. "
What about me marrying you to make u a legit traveler?
We all went to the movie theater with your mom and we saw that guy at Showplace, u ran up to him and said "SEE YOU AT ALBERTS!"
You cannot convince me that Roberto Mancini is not a Bond villain.
#LOEXConference2012 proceedings (2500 words) deadline Monday April 23! Off to present in Columbus, Ohio in 2 weeks!!
Where there is great love, there are always wishes
Same. I just started making room for it in my daily or weekly intake.
No fr fr wen did starships get released???o_O
A: nope
When people say "personality is what matters" meanwhile they know they only care about looks
not all guys or girls are the same .
Looks like Ill make tomorrow thx to Delta rebooking me on United. Which they didn't have to since it was weather.
I thought so the pop/rock winners don't become their competitors, LOL. They may make it bigger then them like few others.
After work I know imma b a complete mess
Schools so close to a finish. I'm happy, but I really don't know what's going to happen after its all over.
with Cody and my parents haha. Ya you should definitely all come haha
There was no one at the grocery store, which makes me worry about the economy and a possible coming zombie apocalypse.
Volleyball time!
can i have a shouotut?! love ya :*
coming all the way from Milwaukee,WI to see u put a hurting on the Rams in Nov. U da big boss man
Looking for a unique vintage look??? Try 16 Stone Vintage. Based in NYC
With Parkrose's teachers impending strike on April 25, Wilsonville's league contests w/ Parkrose will be varsity only. No JV through May 11.
Happy birthday and here's to your fabulous forties...!
Kbai going to go see ON MY TELLY VISION
Thanks Joe!
Ask the Texas Rangers. :)
RT if you love ur Chicago fans!
Excited for dinner w/ JB
Friday Jazz at Enso: Sunny Wilkinson 3/25
Just finished grocery shopping but feeling lazy. Thai food it is. Love Nong's in Golden Valley.
O'Shea's had a faint Subway-ish smell, as I recall. Not unpleasant but distinct.
“Great works are performed not by strength, but by perseverance” ~Samuel Johnson
Watching "The Lost Boys" - love this movie.
Jakes in a better mood today, time to whitewater raft in the living room...
I'll totally share just not over here
Well, now I've already started thinking about my #rsa12 presentation. Is this an illness or what?
just getting my set up on my facebook page. pretty cool tool for #realtors with business pages on
I LOVE YOU!! please follow me
God its the funniest thing when people say is fake. I can't help but laugh in their face.
So I update my apps and then 5 minutes later there's another one to update...
awesome funny stuff!!!
Took a fun $20 spanish class at tonight - so fun! Thanks to el maestro Tony y todos los estudiantes! #chicago (cc )
“: in a recent survey it was found that 59% of people like to check their emails while using the toilet.”
wish I had some
NP Sing 2 you: Johnny P
I do the exact same thing!
I live To Do lists, and to write out projects. Evernote keeps it in one space for me, lets me clip pics and websites.
Listening to a webinar right now about reputation management. It's very important for local biz
says and none of em are to be found lol and keep in mind yo same friends tell me all yo shit too so lets not pull cards rumors easily get
Have a great week everyone!
Maxim #2- You need your partner's "id" as well as their signature.
Everyday I'm hustlin'.
#whatmakesyoubeautiful is your smile and how sweet you seem
Hi , found my way to your feed. After doing digital research I must agree you're a cool kid. We have to connect soon! Be well
welcome to my life...
you all got what you deserve
I don't mind the en dash, but the em dash is a punctuational eyesore. So ugly.
Long day at Salem State for Regionals. Double session as a spectator.
its #KrispyKreme get that right!
RT : It doesn't matter how many people are following you. It matters who listens to you.
Hey, I like to knit and play video games and I'm not elderly. Touché.
Hey - I heard that.
thanks for keeping your finger on the RT button!
aha I was too lol
Having a great time at social media club Milwaukee
my mama be finally let me get her car>>>
DJ R at Crown Bar tonight. Top 40 Hip Hop & Electro. 7321 Santa Monica blvd. W Hollywood. 10pm to 2am. No cover all night!
And I accidentally just scraped my forehead with my fingernails... Ouch.
sounds as if you dont care bout the mets might wanna put more dallas stuff up
thank you buddy :]
Just got to the studio...
that's for sure, and it's something that definitely needs to change
Who? RT : Local restaurant owner just told me, "I'm more optimistic today than I've been in the past five years."
Thanks for the ACC Championship, tournament appearances, the wins over Duke and UNC, and your service to our country.
Rise and grind Monday morning! Let's make something happen today, folks!
Crying heavily
RT Thanks for following.
aw c'mon #Mahomie's follow us! we only just made this page & need some mahomie love(;
i got y'all.
Your tweets got me in a "Joyful Joyful" mode...keep 'em comin!!
I dig what you got goin. You hiring?
I'm SO fuckin sick!!
#ADPoncampus for today's Career Fest #Resume Workshop
,god shes so beutifull and perfect
Dodgers are 5-1 and the Rockies put 17 on Tiny Tim and the Giants.
omg. wow. xD
At Dominion, Get into UVA. Get an appreciation day.
I love that movie! -J and nothing much we might go to the mall or something :)
You are so full of yourself!
Sacramento shout out: Mira Loma High School - National Science Bowl winners!! Next stop: Australia for International competition. Congrats!
42% of married men report being aware of their spouses’ affairs with other men. What would you do?
One rack for the 11 inch Macbook Air -- very austere-looking piece of machinery. Should I do it??
#S_U_P_E_R_S_H_O_U_T_O_U_T TO THE SEXY
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!!
Last rehearsal tonight before the Central States District contest this weekend! Back to KC! #bhskc Good luck to everybody!
Happy belated moms day, grandma! sorry, we were on a shoot and didn't have good internet! love you! <3
looking forward to your posts on doing a great job.
I will be teaching her all of your names and im hoping to make your band her first concert lolyou have an amazing band keep it up:)
save money and preserve our precious environment
Appreciate it bro, lets kick it soon tho! RT : " Gotta respect yall grind"
thanks mate....how's your Derby handicapping going? have you crackd the code yet? A good puzzle to nut out this year
wehh I'm freezing in the bus!
She's not a woman she's the terminator --
I feel you
I am trying to. Eggs and bacon do sound good though. :)
Time for Garza to shoot the wings of those gay Cardinals
I'm in TV love with Michelle Paradise.
I'm so hungry!
Katz: Don't kid yourself. The impact of the recession may be cyclical - but structural changes are real
Gamification is just one of the tools to engage learners (C. Sprague, Open Study).
"Just war" remains the ultimate canard.
I'm enjoying live music here at ASCAP Music Cafe - Chris Velan is up now solo guitar and voice
just got off of work and took a nice hot shower I am tired as hell good night everyone ...
hahaha hit up random people! like fans of allstar weekend, the cab, hot chelle rae, one direction...lol
NOW WILL YOU IDIOTS STOP CHEERING CURTIS GRANDERSON
hey!!! have you heard our ep on iTunes yet?
i'm new york's best kept secret .. :)
Unimpressed with Dell! 3 week run around on my warranty, now I am being told it’s Sat and they can’t help. Well its still Friday in the US
Dear Apple, wireless iPod. Get workin on it. Thanks. Love, Jen
it gets better. Soon they're adding tolls to it or at least trying to.
haha it was quite fun actually:) Fridays are good:) especially wrestling rach in the middle of chemistry
Deandre Brackensick goes for redemption on Idol.
At Walmart just left the y
im guessin project x had a little to much of an influence on all these kids trying to have parties like it.
nice! make sure your fridge isn't too cold, though. Mine was, and it caused the cans to swell a bit.
it's to late to be a joke u got a problem
Tha cigarette commercial wit the girl drinkin frog juice disgusts me everytime..They always be graphic but people still smoke lmao pointless
alright thats cool :)
Bowling later wifff Brie and Kayla!!! :)
Friedens is now on Facebook! Stay up to date with us on Facebook, Twitter or our website. Help us spread the word about our organization.
Hope everyone enjoys their weekend!
People who are always reminding you of your mistakes hinders your growth. CUT THEM OFF! Those people are ONLY good for bringing you down.
thanks for note. look forward to seeing something ...
has even helped me deal with it.. i think if i didn't know she survived this i honstly don't even know why i am still alive..
Now First lady looking fabulous... Can you say fashionista.. # Kids Choice Awards Michelle Obama...
#crewlove started in Texas(:
I need a new pharmacy any suggestions? I'm sick of cvs and walgreens
RT : The difference between burial and cremation is most keenly felt when the person is still alive.
Along w/ our Exec Director Robert Schwartz! RT : FieldCenter experts testifying before PA Task Force on Child Protection this AM
#KOBE bringing back the player coach, step aside Mike Brown
I hate being shy.
you're scary??
what doesnt kill you makes you stronger
You really do feel better when you eat better. I need to get back on track
not at all, we'd love for you to review it! Looking forward to it! Thanks :)
Laid Mom's body to rest today. Monday's viewing and today's celebration service was fantabulous!
#longbeach is too packed! bout to watch the new tranformers
just made some tandori turkey dogs...that was scrumptious!
Thank you!
How about Brook Lopez for Wade?
is proud to announce Apple’s new Ipad will be compatible with E-books from two publishing companies, Perseus and Workman.
Yes. The trumpets were supremely bad-ass last night.
Life is moving fast were da fuck do all dese mins go
hahaha! I know I should! When have you ever been a little schemer trying to pull one over on me? Uh huh..never! ;)
I want those too! Tell me what you find out!
I hope not.
IMO we need new black institutions that are neither religious nor hostile to religion.
I wish it (Canon C300) was Still waiting... tick... tick... bought first day they first started taking preorders.
Been months. Don't plant on it anytime soon. Don't need to.
Cool #Pinterest trick for Boards: Mouse over ea. main pic and click "Edit Board Cover" then scroll to choose fave. Adjust composition!
my vote is more toward his genes than an energy drink - just my biology background coming out...
Nothing excites me more than Sweet Disposition by the Temper Trap.
tell your mommy i said happy mothers day! :)
really? what was i doing haa
aww you two look lovely!!!
got a job. wooht(:
I have arrived! Smile and say HI.
Sent in applications for the 2012 Satchmo Summerfest and French Quarter Festival in Louisiana
I want a bf who knows how 2 have fun Someone I'd be glad 2 make food for and b myself around Not find every reason 2 fight I want 2 b happy
Were you able to recreate your account?
I'm coming back as a pelican. Get to glide gracefully through the air, live at the beach, and eat seafood all the time.
yeah fool!
Watching Basketball Wives with Viggle Mon | 5PM | VH1 Get real rewards just for watching TV.
i hate the new MySpace, I think I might be deleting it...............
RIP Vaclav Havel. "The only lost cause is one we give up on before we enter the struggle"
how much
someone is just clearly expressing their selves ;)
have no idea , what that is .
Will it be any better if the new manager gets off to a bad start? Do they pick som1 that fits the current squad or clean slate?
Are you as tired as I am today? Might actually need coffee. [yawn]
People need to stop trying to get me to check out they music -.- , nigga I haven't heard you on the radio so convo ended ^^
I'm waiting for you to follow me, but that's not gonna happen soo... :c
Why do we have to wear clothes?
If only Georgetown would just stay in Georgetown...
doing well... you're the stranger?! :)
wahhh really? Keep looking, we have to find one!!!
COOL!! I knew my heart was right that u r a mad cool sexy mami! XOXO
Jacobs Pavilion. It's downtown Cleveland, behind the Power House. Let me know if you want tickets.
DITTO! Looking forward to working w/ some amazing people this summer! ! Good Energy!”
You have to fill up your growler card! After 9 fills, the 10th is just $1. (It helps that I live next door to )
My apologies to my co-anchor for talking over her during the newscast!
I'm loving your coupon tweets! I'm using the Jamba Juice one today. Thanks :)
gahh! I gotta stop being so emotional
There is nothing better than watching Howard The Duck with people who have never seen it. They are still trying to figure out how it is pg.
Tenure guidelines need to be revised to create space for collaborative projects
John Bradshaw, one of the most influential writers on emotional healing in the twentieth century and a Senior Fellow at The Meadows Wicke
Not sure how I'll sleep when I'm still geeking out so hard over that movie. Gotta try though. Goodnight.
Hunger Games did not disappoint.
Today was a wasted day :P
you can start a topic with #, so if I wanted to talk about #food, i would do that and I can search other tweets, make sense?
CardMunch is a cool app by LinkedIn - not exactly what you're asking, but makes it easy to connect.
No no no -- that's obviously the fountain in Justin Herman Plaza.
Well I officially caught the cold that's been going around.. Just in time for the long weekend! Good and bad/annoying I guess..
Everyone In The World Isnt Perferct. Everyone Has Flaws. Everybody Cant Be Just Like. Wake Up And Realize Their A Difference. Hello World.
Got the SmashTag booth set up here at Cypress Vanguard (Red River & 3rd St). If you're in the area please stop by and say Hello!
Appreciate the Shoutout! :)
cool, will do. we've yet to shoot there.
Dude, she just called you drunk.. Oh hell beer, hold my no!
Due to modern diets and our water, our bodies are experiencing gradual demineralization which places our health in jeapordy.
good because you are one of my bestfriends and I have I say bye
Newt to Mitt: "Drop the pious baloney." There's the Gingrich we all know and love!
Hm, probably not, but email me at kzickuhr @ pewinternet dot org & I'll see if we have anything else that could be relevant
good luck!!
Follow . Follow. Because Justin Bieber is awesome and this page supports him ok ;) <3
The best feelings are those that have no words to describe them. - Michelle Hammersley
I haven't done that bc everyone involved in fitness and I guess I assumed they wouldn't need me
been a month. voting has already started and it'll take at least another month or two for him to get decent numbers
Have you guys heard the joke about butter? No? That's fine, I butter not tell you.........
By far the greatest #MothersDay gift I can give my Jewish mom: the gift of knowing I've inherited her neuroses and uncanny ability 2 kvetch
ugh why am i up
I obviously know more then u which may not say much ha
#3WordsOfAdvice dreams come true you proved that to m
Where the freak are you?
What a pleasant surprise (:
did anyone hear order the big dorow/sausage pizza?
#AGirlThat wants to get noticed by
she knows shes fabulous
Ed Gavagan is apparently a badass.
Our marketing dept really enjoyed last week. Who else was there?
we're getting married already and having some sexy babies lol (:
Haters everywhere but I don't really care ( ;
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 7.
#nascar # californiacostumes #jeffgordon Caraviello: Daytona pothole legacy lives on as Kansas set to repave Pat Warren walked into the m
U r great, if you keep striving to be achieved it even better...luck!!
XFC Signs Scott “Hot Sauce” Holtzman to 5 Fight Deal
Did yoga today. I feel centered and Hollywood.
Our heart (heart chakra) is the gateway to our Soul.
Baby you light up my world like no body else the way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed
Got the Kindle version today. Didn't really need the Sports Illustrated preview, but it didn't hurt! That was a fun surprise.
When u notice something u never wanna see again !!
You can give back with the pungle.me app this holiday season!
Good morning #LosAngeles and
Attn #attorneys - what do you want to learn or know about with the iPad? Suggestions? cc:
People sure will let you down...if you let them.
Right on Bob!
Seems like an interesting place to concur with a first century scientific view is all. The article is correct.
"Without humor, life is boring. Without love, life is hopeless. Without friends like you, life is impossible!"
Research data is the second trend identified by #usinno Guidelines for use, reuse and sharing of data
Dinner tonight with the lovely ladies of !!
$2.50 Tuesday! All Beef Sausages Two Fiddy! Toasted Coconut Brownies
I think we all agree that collectively we can create a stronger edu industry in order to better serve student, economy & society.
USA! USA! USA! USA! USA!
hahahahaha no its actually not...but now that you mention it...justkidding no i would never say that about her haha ;)
watchin next friday
you're a fan?
Great brain fuel. I had other plans, but now I've got pan-fried goodness on my mind. See you there!
Follow Houston's minor league baseball team, Sugar Land Skeeters ! Excited about my first game tomorrow w/
avoid those sacks, romo!
No Mobwives tonight :'-(
Watching a documentary on dolphins. Dolphin gangs engage in back-and-forth "trash talking"
we already know Pearce is gone and Califf is coming in
Hey Show, you're already crying, just get on your knees and beg.
an thanks your cute too :p
i did
all I gotta say is is the future of #americansoccer and she is amazingly beautiful to top it off!
'...the best line in the...movie is H D Stanton’s cameo security guard talking to Incredible Hulk ... “You got a condition, son.”'
yes what? Let me get that number and that proof you've been putting my money to work.
": Success is serving more people. The more I serve, the more I earn. ~ Robert Kiyosaki"
I honestly can't even sing Harry's solo in WMYB I sound like a 50 year old pedophile
Nothing like Miami rush hour traffic
you're welcome! I had a great time meeting all of you! See you in a bit :-)
YAY for a play day up in the hills! TGIF! :)
Thanks for the RT - and for your great work!
...probably we need a combination of business incentives, targeted tax increases & linked fee elimination to drive $$
Looking for creative ideas to generate revenue from and online magazine. Other than subscription, and advertisements...??
Glad you enjoy them, John! Thanks for always sharing them :-)
That's exactly what I mean.
Not looking Good #Cleveland Browns
Been waiting for somebody to go see it before me. Thx
I look at it the same way if dumb Blink-182 was like, "That 1st Ramones album? Yeah, not good enough. We're remaking it." Too far?
EVERYBODY IN THIS MEGA POT FOR TONIGHT!!!
Where were u 2 weeks ago when I celebrated my birthday
Watching the Mexican weight loss channel....
love the new photo Sara!! Is that a bracelet?! Gorgeous
The #Delta plane is so old, I just watched the flight attendant get out a VHS tape for the safety demo.
SEAN KINGSTON IS BACK WHOOP WHOOP!!
I don’t know if it’s because I’m reading a book on Goldman Sachs but I found Margin Call to be a great Wall Street film.
wait what
Saturday what's cracking
#in ..I am working on smartanalytics.@
Then again, I'm only with sprint because it's cheap. Can't wait to switch.
"Mona Lisa Smile"...Now that's a fucking movie!
I think I'm going all the way ;)
My tumblr is the most random thing. It depends on my mood haha,sometimes it's all bright&other times it's all ew lawlzz.
Going home finally
so sorry my man...........we had a bunch of private caterings!where are you from????
dumb question
RT : Evernote is so much less impressive once you realized it has cost $200M to build, and is not built by 2 guys in a garage
It would be cool if you followed me.. please?(:
You Are A Truely Amazing Mother:)
"let's take some shots." "...I meant basketball shots"
haha. Nice. R we still on for b-ball game on Sat.?
ap chem review packet over spring break <
Sorry have been away for the last couple of weeks but we are back and ready for sports
That gut renching feeling that I love u but u will always love my best friend
LeBRon will not get the shot. Sorry. We know how the story goes.
Eva Mendez is hot
Doesn't sound like too much fun. You should check out our website. We're trying to make the whole process easier.
Talk to me :)
I'm not paleo or vegan... so I guess I'm the other category =)
don't say anything to anyone pleasee.
Soft or sueded leather is very quiet. Avoid the tight, polished squeaky stuff.
Things are well. thanks for inquiring. Hope you are well also. I knew you would appreciate that article:)
RT "A person who has no story does not exist." Shekhar Kapur (Film Director).
Can't wait for AP testing to be over with...
I am definitely not writing a music hum concert report while still slightly under the influence of the wine the concert served me, no way
i'll follow you back. follow me.
So far i have 2 sentences on this damn essay
Is the English translation of that like "Birds of a Feather"? I remember Reelfoot Lake too--didn't we stay in cabins there?
Avis just gave Diversity Platinum over $200.00 in Hawaii Coupons for Restaurants and Attractions for our members. www.diversityplatinum.com
Before I answer that... were they any good? ;)
The Silk Tie likes Shel! I saw your tie and think we could give you a slicker one :) thesilktie.com
Like King Koopa's face on his buttcheek?
not at my mothers house. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Had a good time in NY, but definitely ready to be back in pdx.
unbudgeted expenses of treating illegals aids in rising costs. Excluding them expense puts the burden on the hospital
I am less interested in "what" than "why."
I'm busy, babysitting Danielles babies.
Omg ariana you are a good singer and so beautiful plz keep it up ;)
I love watching Spongebob in the morning!<U+E40A>
Second half is underway. US is down 0-1 to Canada.
And yes, I know I'm supposed to be sleeping...
“Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal.” - Pamela Vaull Starr
ya don't say . #calledit Blake's adorable though <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
DC had as many 4Square check ins as NYC that night. Is NYC not that digitally connected or does DC party more?
just finished my last paper of the semester... FUCK. YES.
that's cool great work, proud of ya cuz.
#RIPMCA Didn't know much about him, but I know he was amazing with the Beastie Boyz
#lameboybands are probably bad dancers.
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mother's of the World. You are the Greatest and Loved
What band(s) would you like to see Immolate The Saints share the stage with?
#GoogleAdwordsCertifiedPartner Flyline Search Marketing delivers effective pay per click service. Our designs produce very busy clients!
Take your time; Knicks are down 11 ar the half.
I want to thank all those who serve our country. I appreciate what you do to ensure our freedom and pray for your safety daily!
Here we go again. #JoshHamilton has 1 home run on first at-bat, another 2 run shot as all 4 were yesterday
The office cranked up the new HVAC and it's turned the office into a windy refrigerator. Least it will be cool in this #NYC humid summer!
Thanks for signing up to volunteer ! Can't wait to see you out there on Saturday!
bigger head case in Miami Zambrano or Guillen??
Just saw the whole ! Cast ANN... PERFORMED AT 'S CONCERT!!! BEST NIGHT OF MY LIFE!!!! <3
It sure is fun to watch a show about the hard work that goes into advertising and then fast forward all the commercials.
CHECK THIS OUT #TATTOOMUSIC FROM
Israel?Pre-1967 borders only.The new settlements must be dismantled.The way to Peace sometimes looks ..simplistic!
If I tell you I love you, can I keep you forever?
No good dude. Crazy is bad. I bet you are SO stoked for NY. Not gonna lie, I might be jealous!!!!!! Be careful and have fun!
Ahh, I see. Damn you customs!
I'm with Agent Coulson on this one...I still believe in heroes.
Did you see what that bitch was wearing?
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Reach Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
#Chen's loved ones now targeted by #Chinese govt. U.S. bankrolled by nation breaking every law we ostensibly hold dear.
#Touch is all new tonight !
she a trip, shawty she the shit she know she the shit!
Thanks for tweeting! Can’t wait to see your official video for
Seems we always lecture those who are on time for those who are tardy.
Rob Wilson just played the game of his life. It's awesome to see great things happen to great people.
beautiful day to come eat my puccias! Open from 12-2!
Orioles cursed the #redsox :)
: 1. Since when is 55 on 15 something to brag about? 2. Stats are one small piece of a RB performance.
dosen;t hat p#ss you off
. thanks! it's #DiningOutForLife with a portion of proceeds going to - thx for your support!
my stalker<3
The library will be closing in 30 minutes - at 12 pm today!
my hands have been cleaned, and you have nothing to hold on me now.
Thankful for SO much today! Sunshine, sparkling bubbles and my ability to take major steps towards my dream :)
Why did my mom shout me out on the radio... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> I can't
Louis Ptacek, the keynote speaker for #OSUResearchDay about to take the stage
- Thanks for the retweet!
loved the "snow cat" story in today's challenge. Things aren't always what they seem to be.
those better be peanut m&m's so u get your post workout protein
POST SOME GOOD ART FOR ME PEOPLE!!!!!
Phones buzzing off the hook and the bars haven't let out yet
I KNOW! I have that problem too ..
club de bagel.
now THAT is a headshot, boo!! GORGEOUS!! xoxo
We're trying to brother! Know any good spots where bands like us play all the time?!
Team Jacob forever<3 dont worry ; you'll find you're Bella :)
It is too dangerous for anyone to walk alone at night. If you must walk somewhere at night, get someone to walk with you.
NPR just played the first few notes of the exact franz ferdinand song I had stuck in my head. Coincidence? Or cosmic sign??
Thanks for the follow , We look forward to learning more from you.
submitted my final on blackboard. have a great summer! kindall, i'll see you in the village ha!
You can't reach what is meant for you if you allow distractions into your life...
Lets take over the world! You down
I have the best boyfriend ever<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
loaded fine for me
Then we're going out. With the guys or without. GNO! Sound good?
I wanted to get that book!! Heard it's wonderful. What do you think so far?
The conference hotel is nice: awesome fitness center and walking distance to trader joe's. Unfortunately there's no free wifi in the rooms.
You go gurl
ready for this tennessee game tomorrow!
how did you even get that on your calc.....need that asap
im on pandora, so talk to me on here, no i dont have weightless by BYE on my ipod. D:<
Or maybe it's a TV show, not sure.
~If SomeOne Accuse U Of Doing Sumthin U Kno U Didnt Do Itz Because Their Doing It,Pidd #DntBeAFool..!
They offered to sell me a cookie, and I said yes. It's that simple. They nail everything else here.
Lol. Had the top down on my car. Pulled my hard dick out of my shorts when a big bus of Japanese tourists passed me. Faces were priceless.
plz follow my friend plz she is the bigg est fan she has a alot of posters of u
Welp spring break is over, and now Kanawha county have to go through hell again#FUCK 180 days of school!!!!
Today is the day! #beauty voxbox
Our work here is done.
I wish I could learn while sleeping.
Oh my gosh, is that the sun I see? Must. Have. Fro Yo.
yea, you have to go in person : /
Shirt off showing off
were they beats by dre ?
Draw something???
I was about to start my homework since I got a lot, but then I remember "IT'S FRIDAY!!"
RT :" oh geeze! As long as they are fashionable running shoes!"Of course! Mine are bright pink & fabulous! :)
What's Eating Gilbert Grape.
ahaha yess u do remember lol how u been girl
Agreed. It's the only way to escape! Maybe Shammy and Kyle will build us a bomb shelter.
If its this hot in May, in July it's going to be hell on Earth.
what are you up to
Must've done something right in my life to have in my life <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Clearly the girls. Are you kidding me? I expect you to get 5 phone numbers this week.
Loving the opportunity to learn from the past and drink beer instead of (dirty) water.
Star Mentors and Star Mentor Events has released their new 2010 tour schedule and website at starmentors.com
omg triple digits!
Should've hit up Brooklyn Tap to catch the game
Watching South Park with my sis!! Haha Eric Cartman is so funny lol :p
No exact date yet e. But we're thinking Dec. 20 pero di pa ito sure.
Why is it that when driving past a pumphouse you can always tell what a community had for dinner the night before?
Government ITIL Implementation Openings...Winvale is hiring! #Remedy, , , , , ,...
Please invite all your friends to be fans of mor like the movies. Love. Cole
Would you like us to send you a free bookmark? Please email to
W/o a doubt the most cynical abuse of legislative power ever seen in #Colorado in recent memory.
you love it
Whatever you do, don't ask him "How do you balance your time with everything you do?" Shits gotta be annoying.
mapped all the assets in a Sao Paulo neighborhood & saved a school the gov wanted to shut down. Now one of the 20 best
I'll try that again: YOU'RE. In any case, kremšnit is essentially fluffy custard with a crust... sometimes w/chocolate.
I've made mistakes, I've had heartbreaks, but ill still keep going no matter what it takes.
Less likeable team, Knicks or Heat? Just a gross series.
#asla2011 was fantastic. best ed sessions in years. wonderful colleagues and conversations. home to NY (and real Fall) soon!
Yeah I have everything packed.
Very nice showing...
its very strange now he is singing!!!.
just so so had a death in the family
So gorgeous!
Plus many, many others who are doing great work this month -- thank you all! #Parkinson's #Awareness Month
You didn't tell me you made them. I'm mad at you. Slacking.
talk about a let down yesterday. We go down there and watch max pitch his ass off only for pappa grande to blow it.we need hits man
VELVET PAVILIONS sizzling fiction brilliant south asian characters living globaly. will be released march 2010. perfect story for a movie.
"Contemplation often makes life miserable. We should act more, think less, and stop watching ourselves live." - Nicolas de Chamfort
If Dirk lose al his swag tonight....... Lets just say Miami gonna fly high and slam umm hard-Austyn Morris
I prefer you to make mistakes in kindness than work miracles in unkindness
Elektro killed it! #sick they met their challenge but I agree, step it up and I promise you they'll be ABDC <3
We smoke #Blunts but leave those #Stunts up to
I think I am going to stop following you on twitter again.
it's gonna make me kinda sad when he has his tour here and a bunch of newbie fans show up &only know 2 of his songs. =/
What a great tweet. Sounds like a tasty Friday snack! :) RT: sunbelt granola bars.
Look at this negativity: #TheThingIHateMost is trending over Girl Gone Wild AND Free Pancakes
i thought #iamandrewbreitbart was the easiest way to identify an idiot. turns out it's
watching Braxton Family Value
Cats fed
just living the dream. sad the pack might not play this year. not sure what i might do if they don't play, gonna be sad
So happy for Mr. Plummer and he was wonderful. He is always wonderful, but "Beginners" was not a good movie.
Wallpaper is taking forever! At least another week. So what else is new?? Reception area being delivered manana!
This new apartment complex in Isla Vista (my college town) has a premium unit called the "Bob Marley Suite". What could possibly go wrong.
Gee, you think #Joran Van Der Sloot might actually be sentenced appropriately tomorrow?
You, , are nearly #BlackBelt rank , #Tweets & #SMPP. You inspire me to "wax on, wax off" harder. Thank you!
My effing teapot short and stout.
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in San Antonio! Check out the Buckley Guitar!
Amazing y'all. Please go and see Dee Daniels tonight at the Kitano Jazz room tonight. Believe me you are in for a treat. Xoxo
tell me if u get it
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
We are none some of the best just some of the producers
RT " For those asking, I could give a shit about Obama the man/myth. I'm voting for him for ACA, SCOTUS noms & education."
Thank you to all our fans that came out tonight. We love you all so much thank you for getting blacklisted! Best show ever!
I'd have lost a lot of money betting the #Padres would put up a 3 spot on Strasburg in the 1st inning.
I'm pretty sure the only thing slightly more unattractive than going to school today would be starving to death in Africa.
EVERYONE FOLLOW THANKS FOR FOLLOWING!
I'm kicking your ass Sunday
Busy is good! Same here... Trying to iron out a few things before my #Moroccan getaway in June!
Positive thoughts for you. Miss your face. Kiss on your cheek and big hug.
Robin Behn did us a big favor by sharing our info with UA students. Thanks to a great MFA program!
Although "boots on the border" rubs me the wrong way.
#TwitterPeopleILove all my followers who keep me entertained ever though I never laugh with you usually I laugh at you
A listener writes: "Thanks very much for the lovely music. I am in my 80s and sort of bedridden. Your music keeps my spirits up." How nice!
nope, not just you.
Phones fuckinn up... I need an iPhone sap
lol what u want some reeses
Happy New Year, may the new year bring great success to everything you say or do.
Kurt and Blaine singing that they're big girls and they don't cry #Klaine #promasaurus (:
There is nothing like a good book.
"What saves a man is to TAKE A STEP. Then another step. It is always the same step, but YOU HAVE TO TAKE IT." ~ Antoine de Saint-Exupéry <U+2600><U+2665><U+273F>
Maybe ONE DAY people will learn how to drive.
haha no kidding. so tired of the gloom
What is good America?
I love it that is sporting the logo on his slides at
Lions is all we really no lambs
Wow it is beautiful! I do hope you know that I am thankful for you! BIG hugs!
“: im sorry that im not sorry.” LMFAO
In class with my bestie ( precious ] . I love this female : )
: Just made 100 bucks for floor mats!
have fun
Nah... NBA sucks. And We got more then enough college teams around here to follow.
Your best? Losers do their best. Winners go home and fuck the prom queen.
Lunchtime convo at Olga's Fresh Mexican includes, ” What's the dirtiest strip club you've ever been to?”
nigga gotta be pushin a Jag, or a range Rover to even get my attention Wtf is a Dodge? Poof! BE GONE!
Who do you turn to when you fall apart..
Too bad they couldn't give out two #oscars for best actress.
Me to! I like Cat or Kat however she spells it. And Jade
Thank you! I'm looking for guest bloggers! Maybe a topic that relates to Pet Loss from the "Pet Point of View"?
forgot about that. must have been caught up in the moment of sarcasm with the response. shocking, i know
Sorry I had to shrink ou spelling. A Twitter thing.
So did you make it to Sketch Up or Shut Up ? If so, what was your favorite sketch?
Cya Freshman year :)
our next project: Norah jones & Etta covers. world tour? whaddayasay?? "I close my eyes"
No, that's when you start drinking like a cow. The eating portion doesn't stop until you're too old to lift a fork.
Gotta give the best PG in the game that And-1. Got smacked in the face and still made the lay-up.
70 pounds is HUGE. Best of luck to you in 2012's marathon! Great to see these success stories.
Jesse James and Kate Von D split up again! Man that sucks.
depends on the clothes
This contest is having is killing me!
Thanks for the follow to a fellow Chicagoan!
Bring an ID to the NE corner of LSP(near the Members' Club entrance) to claim your ticket. You can get a membership card in line.
Watchuu smell like ? Be nice kaaren !
I set someone else on fire that I ran into in the lots. Starts with a T ends with a Risha.
confirmed that I will be playing 18 on Sunday @ the new Common Grounds GC near Lowry
If Your Gonna Smoke A Pack Of Cigarets A Day, You Mise Well Drink Alcohol Too, Destroy The Baby's Liver while u At It
Hey, Chattanooga! Come on out to JJ's Bohemia right now and check us out! Great lineup of bands tonight.
Last night I think I agreed to go to NYC, Vegas and Alaska. Guess this is going to be an expensive summer.
I can't watch my #Rockies any more. If I do, I feel I may end up in a roadside ditch with an eye patch, stray animals and a bag full of hair
where is the show? Just want to tip the wait staff. Ha.
Laying on my bed all warm waiting for my mom , watching music videos (:
Taco Bell got this new Dorito Taco
Happy mommys day!
I'm a loser, I'm a winner. I'm good, I'm bad. I'm a Christian, I'm a sinner.
Colts resign Reggie!
Adidas Samba “Canvas” Pack | Afew-Store-Blog
Support Good Music Colored Paper
Only at 's party would I be flirting with a 94 year old. She can drink with me any day.
Taking care of biz during the #wssmiami lunch break!
sequence compl....com....com...comple....sequence com.......
Great play by Cesar, great finish and speed by Teal. 1 Colorado 0
Congrats on your new stores! Big things happening for you!
Its like a complete WHITE OUT!!!
CIS program at Camino Real ES needs small instruments (finger cymbals,tambourines,harmonica's,hand drums. email
paintballing is some real crazy shit
Come thou Almighty King....
hold up...You need to be out here #TeamSU Save Our Southern
Yao Ming quotes: “Her talent and poise is what's very compelling for companies. Her ethnicity is icing on the cake.”
Mila, Mila, Mila, why did you peel- a my orange.
i followed u bak an i apllogise u dont have 2 follow me if u dont wanna i unsersatn
I can help you out if you ever have questions. Sounds like a good class. Who's teaching it?
Ever have one of your face muscles cramp? Wow.
When's the party? It's Monday, I need something to look forward too! Happy Birthday WM!
Love Jimmy'z Kitchen on the beach - must try it in Wynwood soon!
Lets go Heat!!
"If data don't help you make decisions,you're looking at the wrong data." Hiten of
I never tweet anymore ! It's sad. Express is taking over my life !
Wow -- spent the day preparing for the Cruise-In tomorrow -- should be a gas -- lots of trophies & car-themed items -- 10 AM - 2 PM & beyond
Timeless beat.
that's right! i have so much to learn and it's exciting!
Are you showing any of the 6 Nations???? thanks
Then why do you hang with them so much? :-0
and I'll break out my Tie dye bell bottoms!
My tummy is about to be so pleased with me in T minus one hour.
Yes, plus the obstruction of view. :-/
dude I've got ur back
BIG night for MSG Sports! Game 7 btwn & Ottawa at at 7pm. Then the #NFLDraft takes over starting at 8pm!
#thingsthatpissmeoff when people dont get out of my way at school in the halls. Bitch, I have places to go.
They're adorable. Sigh. I need my own place soon for kittehs adoption.
Male Model wanted for female pop artist music video. Go to www.CastingDNA.com and find the notice under MODELS CASTING NOTICES...
Buy one Sales Rack and receive 20 Select hangers for FREE!!!
I <3 I can't wait to see 'em at #RedRocks later this year!
HEY!! you found me on here,pretty cool,how are you,haven't seen u since the concert! :D
If you believe a 'sports' guy shouldn't have an opinion on anything other than sports, I have two words for you..GET REAL
can you explain why you punched the wall?
Excuse me, do you have the time? Woman: No. Man: Well I have the time and it says I have time for you all the time.
via - Phil Jackson Enjoying Retirement On Montana Ranch With Egomaniacal Livestock Who Hate Each Other
Beautiful day on Gumbert Mountain. Writing outdoors you know.
Extremely cool! :D
Glad to FINALLY be home, except what's that smell?!
Spinrite didn't work. Found a program "Nucleus Kernel FAT & NTFS" that is copying my lost files now. Thnx for the reply.
Thanx to all the ladies who have inquired about the hair, I love to hearing from you all . have a wonderful day
awesome! Got a show tomorrow night- come out!
Just finished the movie,
I'm boyfriend number 2 .And I know you like it freaky .So im gonna give it to you (:
When dealing with a bitter person makes sure you don't become one too, it's contagious!
yes omg ily
I sought the Lord, and he heard me, and delivered me from all my fears. Psalm 34:4
Not the first time I've had a whole bus to myself
chillin with teja tej and cleaning up 4 moms for mothers day
la dispute<333
If I follow you FB (:
Are you interested in follow4follow? i will follow back. Try the promotion site on my profile, it's free.
I am the Equal Voice Reporter thank you for the call. I am excited to hear about the events today! Go FOCAL!
I am loving Orson Brawl..
Great presentation from at #20maab tonight. Thanks to all who came out. Now, back to computering!
The Maine Coon Cat originated in Maine and is the largest
11:11 is on replay on you tube <3 OMG I LOVE YOU
Paddy Cloonan is onstage by himself playing a hornpipe.
Wait...Glenn Close isn't a man?
So glad to hear it! Hopefully some of them will buy your book, too :)
Eddie's back early! Ohh! yes!!!!!!! slumber party ;-) see you in a few Edward
You said the brains I had went to my head.
If you don't take risks you will never grow. Get out there and show them what you can do! We all start somewhere...
My heart aches for the entire Chardon community...
Looking forward to getting to know u to! & have inspired me to speak out for !
Need to catch up on some Z's !
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Hey Mrs. Nottingham no one understands what your saying!
For a man to achieve all that is demanded of him he must regard himself as greater than he is.
Yeah, wuss move.
Spring Break Tan? Bronze Sunless Tanning-the perfect tan in minutes!
Just auditioned for a great acting studio, was accepted and is super excited to begin next week!
Also can't stop thinking of the episode with JFK's golf clubs, or the one when Jerry dates the deaf woman who can read lips
FOLLOW ME!
I disagree wholeheartedly. They're in the business of manufacturing physical solar cells using chemical processes. This is that.
I'm back on the 27th in town!!! So excited to see you.
My lover mixes things up she said "You get more results w/ #honey than u do w/ bee stings"
Ive never been so happy to see food x
movies with my yungin lovin our time.....thats mamas girl :)
2nd best song by is "Face 2 Face" yes boo i brought both the last 2 albums plus both that's so raven albums! luv yu!
Yessir London to Hollywood were ever we stood
Wow. That sucked. I thought that was Dolis out there, not Marmol -_- ps- if darney was normal sized he would have gotten that.
Hell yeah you did! RT : Just got the coolest shirt from :)
Lovin' my new iPhone, but it sure was expensive...I had to get a new computer to go with it!!!
#ValentinesDay is fast approaching! Book your getaway with us. A gourmet dinner at Citrus and a stroll along the River Walk? That's romance.
51??Hard to believe!!
Why do we have home room today?
shit im so hungry but idk what to eat
I want my shoes to be so bright, people want them to have a dimmer switch. (cc )
I know. :) His CD didn't come out why that's why.
Pulling for the Adler Planetarium. They are bidding for a permanent exhibit for one of the shuttles when they retire.
So many fun events, so little time / so far a distance to travel.
We have a client on 6.15 that uses the E-store
why thank you Ellis!!
I turn 16 monday. WOO
Sunday Fun Day! #CelebrityApprentice #Survivor and my favvvvvvv #GameOfThrones!! Happy Mother's Day to me!
all good :)
2 great chats last night...#pblchat and #5thchat. I think we need some #ISTE12 tweet ups!
We'd like to wish our Director of Marketing a very happy birthday. Now go to work!
stifling a comment here SO HARD!!
10xs excited now walked in an the fam has everything pack an ready. Wish I was leavin. Few more days for me and babe to leave. Yea buddy.
Do you have your yr-by-yr subdomains configd as a WP-Network or some other way? Do you auto-share users across years?
Not sure who this referred to, but I hope watching "the woman" was equally satisfying. ; ) Thanks so much for coming out to CdS.
Locking my door so I can lay naked. yolo.
“ #ThoseLateNightTexts when you just confess everything.”
The best is Yet to come ! speak life to it before you give up.
silly! I'm just not your friend today, duh. We kinda got a friend schedule, ur always my friend but I'm only yours on MWF
Well our offer on the house was accepted, looks like I'm moving.
So..I heard you're a player. Well nice to meet you, I'm the coach.
RT : Pretty sure the negotiated bill was authored by GOPers Are GOP lawmakers prohibited from having stadium ideas
ha ha bum yur getting arrested bum
Machiavelli lesson went well today *and* I'm going to a Nats game tonight! Happy. Yeah
says museum websites are too expensive to be just about marketing. Should be 2-way treasurehouses of digital content
Vehicle Magnets 24x12 - 2 for $65 or 18x12 - 2 or $45 Thick 30mil and Full Color. Get your biz noticed today!
RT : S/o and #Winnacircle set it off Saturday Night..
Had a great birthday weekend filled with friends, family, and lots of happiness! Thank you!
Emmure is awesome(: & Yeah is so fun. Chelsea Grin headlined over them last time but they brought more of a crowd
Stepping into natural light and realizing you applied your foundation with a paintball gun.
Giving Kevin till the 4th until he gives up runs. Thats just him at home.
and second, because they see it more as a way to express feelings than do searches
I will not answer to "Boss". Unless you're referring to me as Rick Ross, of course #realtalk #ugh #Rozay #Teflon #MMG cc:
Now I see why Vegas keeps building these ridiculous 5 star resorts. BECAUSE NOBODY WINS!!!!! EVER!
Uterus with the "us" crossed out and ME written below?
Just saw in a Pepsi max ad and freaked out. I miss him on my screen
Really need the Mavs to win. NOT the spurs.
When I talk to people,I'am amazed at the lack of Kownledge,closemindedness,Thanks GOD this is only about 40 % Rt
“ I wanna keep it how it is, so you never say how it used to be. Loving you is really all that on my mind!”I love that song
I'm crying while listening to elt right now Wtf is wrong with me
Kush Leaf - Get one of these cool Kush Leaf tshirt designs
The game I just umpired ended on a walk off home run. This is 10 year old softball out of the park.
damn now it's a party
totally, and every other time of the day
RT if you think is gonna go far in his career. look at where he's at now at only 19. :)
What a day !!
Most definitely - its' been too long - hope our travel plans sync up accordingly!
The Guto is daughter tested, mother approved.
just diverted to Providence - why is JFK such a pain?
No , I Misunderstood . Lmfao ,
punch Ian in the face
Yeah, I'm sure it wasn't that great. RT : Ambiance of George Clooney’s $15 Million Obama Fund-Raiser Described as “Just So-So”
Brushing my cognac suede violin case
Thanks!...I am making sure all 15 people that follow me are informed.
The internet is a series of tubes..
cites Deleuze: "Sensation is vibration."
-- thanks for the love
Prison shows are awesome.
let u know about what?
CK: hers is too long. D:
hey lady how you doing
The guy needs to write shorter.
you'd use hashtags in every tweet (;
RT : some dudes b havin fine ass girlfriends & fuck up wit em & end it all ova lil dumb shit.. be lookin sick when she move on
thx to , #skc is 2nd team in MLS history to win 5 consecutive matches to start season. other team was LA in 96.
can i seed one of my bff
RT : Gas Price Forecast: San Diego prices up 24 cents in 7 days. $4.31 average. Prices still climbing 4-10 cents this week.
obviously something epic for a grand BBQ but would need a dedicated server for that
who's gotta get up at 2:30 am to catch a 5am flight?
These hair growth pattern changes result in thinner, weaker, smaller, hairs for the new growth cycle.
Feel sorry for #jets fans you got Tebow!!
This weeks soccer camp is officially over. Thanks to all the players, trainers and staff!
Yes, because in 2011 Pregnant girls arent allowed to tweet. We hide under rocks &use payphones. Buy your niece &nephew an ipad
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally
Just had my 1st Facebook training at podesta. Every time I give one of these reminds me why I need to do them more often. Success!
#CA love
"Chinese ProverbWhat sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity"
where you been
Bowling with my beautiful girlfriend and her awesome brother ...
Thanks for the tips - much needed! RT : How To Create A Terrific Facebook Cover Image If You Don’t Have Resources To Hire A Designer
kk I will:)
The lights will inspire you.
The events for are a beautiful thing. Im pumped
“ Love like you'll never been hurt, Sing like there's nobody listening, And live like it's heaven on earth.
My daddy knows just the things to say to put a smile on my face<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
What is the news coming to? I don't give a shit if #LeviJohnston got another little hoe pregnant. Come on please.
Here were a couple of our favorite lines from Mike Johnston, the next big #Ed champion in American politics:
Church was good this morning and I had a good nap afterward
Lotus of Siam (off-Strip), or Julian Serrano at Aria...
I hope you can come back to sytycd next season. . #missingyourchoreographies . .!! :):)
#ff for teaching me how to blow my nose. I'm extra thankful today.
Just 24 hours until and I are at "The Hunger Games" premiere! May the odds be ever in your favor.
The best place to dine in on Mondays is...
The last step in Problem Solving is to monitor the consequences of the action taken.~Don
RT : Shouts out 2 everybody that's on my EP especially and ...
Farthest-flung person to sign the bookshop door: New Zealand novelist Jane Mander. Closest: Emily Strunsky, Village born & bred.
#WhatMakesMeSmile when I see hey babe on my pone when I'm having a lonely day.
Hello, Miami! :)
R.I.P. Dick Clark! We loved American Bandstand and America's Top 40, you will surely be missed!
Follow back??
Looking forward to some great #SIOP tweets!
#CanIBeHonestWithYou ; You make smile, over the smallest things . i just cant help it (:
Both horror and children's: The Graveyard Book and Coraline. Love love love The Graveyard Book.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 40
Indy's #1 Virus & Spyware Removal Specialist would like to say thank you to our loyal customers!
Wish I was watching the game :(
MT : Anyone know of a "union catalogue" or list of undergrad programs (as opposed to centres) in the #DigitalHumanities ?
they'd have lost two sales here. :) At least one. I may have bought one for testing.
yep - wanna come?
Breaking..... Starks injury-knee sprain
Never say anything bad about Jennifer Jason Leigh again. Thems fightin words
Re: amazed. Uh huh. Esp. as an old man Gen Xer with real memories of hw it used to be :)
Tex's bat looks like a soft noodle way to move over Jeet!!!!
In line for
I'm better off dead cuz it was all in my head~
Watching Wings on another reference to Wisconsin, writer must have ties.
Ugh so sick! Excited for
i would but i dont have skype anymore i took it off
RT When 24 Hours In A Day Is Not Enough - brilliant post
You've been long for so long, has this gone , and I don't see this ending, put your hope in Jesus!
you're welcome.
Correction: The song, I Miss Minnesota, is at www.amyames.com Click on music.
And im being taken for granted.
"COOL PHONE NUMBER"
im at lincoln park
Brother, you got that right. Bad education is bad education, whether public or for-profit, online or face-to-face.
No kidding. It's as if I was a student again (how I wish)! Have you been to #smbmad? If not, you should check out the next one...
My back feels nice
real men treat everyone right.
Someone start PLO with me at the Rio before I jump into this stud 8 game with no clue
What were the jets thinking going long. Er
#AvrahamInfeld - moral imperative: Jewish state means Jewish values dictate how we interact with others. Wise man.
I'm stopping by your house for brunch, hope that's cool.
"Can you stand to see her dancing in somebody elses arms? Do you think that you'll go crazy every time you see her car?"
A1: To me it means living life with no regrets! On purpose and with purpose!
I was completely looking forward to this week with the Mayday Parade concert tomorrow, and then the Yellowcard concert Friday. Oh, well. XP
THX for being our 100th follower! Enjoy 15% off a medium #MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout by 4/30.
I will just wear my "I Know TShirt", problem solved
Did Gaga fall off the piano?
oh man so you must be goin in on the books lol well I'll send up some prayers. I'm sure you'll do well :-)
I have a feeling W8 will never be great on W7 hardware. I don't have plans to update my desktop rig when 8 drops.
why are there so many twats on myspace? seriously, it's like the lowest common denominator for internet social interaction. go play outside.
Don`t forget to watch! Thank u!
Omg it sodjdjdd does
To all of our fans & followers who celebrate, have a very Happy Hanukkah!
no damage at my apt complex.
Congratulations to who won the first internship contest last Saturday at
Too depressed to play video games is cause for alarm.
Fell asleep on twitter last night on my phone. Yesterday was a pretty nice day at Tyson's mall with the Team.
Sorry NHL, nobody cares tonight.
yes, terrible, terrible lineup. who would want to drink those? ;-)
U don't even feel comfortable in ur own skin biiiish
My First Period Teacher Never Shuts Up!!
Schlereth "I definitely deserve in my opinion, havent been throwing well and I completly agree with it"
I encourage post breakfast day dreaming!
Everyone, go hear Mark Turner at the vanguard with David Virelles, Ben Street and Paul Motian.
Yankees make a comeback now.
ah, one of those small, but big in flavor burgers. We call those burger joints White Castle's here ; )
shutup stupid boy
I haven't said a word at any of my PD sessions thus far this year. Not by choice. Nothing besides my physical presence was required
so please, report back on the party. Was there indeed VSA?
This is fun! Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name. Then share the definition of who you are!
sorry bout it
your song "fight for you" is still stuck in my head !! :D
oops. Missed that one. I was trying to come up with one for BJ Hunnicutt, but I'm failing.
Show TODAY with Improv 4 Kids at 3pm at the Times Square Arts Center. Don't miss out on some fun improv comedy for younger audiences!
": 2 can play at this game", you mean 2 can play this game lol.
That's crazy to hear about Hulk Hogan, but I still think holds the world champion belt of sex tapes.
If you haven't done so already, "Like" us on Facebook!
how dale jr today
rude, but okay
Good luck! Are they streaming the talk?
Track was pretty fun today !
Great piece, thanks for writing it. And for your work to get us to today. Long time coming.
(AP) Ted Nugent said he was insulted by cancellation of his planned concert at an Army post over his comments about Pres. Obama.
Supt Carole Smith says thanks for including all six school districts in the creation of plan.
SO happy :)
Somewhere my Grandmother is changing the channel wondering why this woman is screaming into the microphone...
the guy you once thought was so naive has grown some balls, & there's no way i'm turning back .
“: Where is that amazing guy who thinks I'm the one girl he can't live without? #questionsthatneedanswers” I'm asking the same!!
Understandable, bring it on!
Awkward moment when you don't care. Eh. At least I don't lie.
would go out on a limb and say probably more than me or you or these armchair mock "experts"
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
just worry about those lakers :)
"Come drink your milk!" :P that one.
Where can we call if we need help _ I am on the air right now - 8-10pm www.wcuw.org or WCUW 91.3 FM. Talk on the air? 508-753-2284
... You, , and me... Fatass hooch in, tomorrow, professor's class
do they even spread 2-10 anymore? Gl hitting flops.
That's Outstanding! Happy Anniversary to the two of you. :)
I'm so excitied! I have this huge humungous awesome canvas that I can do anything with it...
CRASH: I-84 EB just past 162nd- right lane is closed- traffic is backed up to 122nd
yeah he's my husband. And idrc if you tell me to shut up I'll just pop you in da mouth and you'll wish you never said that.
Reiki Massage with Preston Camp, L.M.T. - Preston Camp, L.M.T. Reiki Massage Phone: 303-881-9751 E-mail: I invite you to...
sounds like a frat house to me ;)
On air right now
Every occasion
out all people. Lol.
its so boring here.
just came back from ice skating with friends will upload pics tomorrow
it's cool!
They've saved me quite a few times! x
How tf do u miss a layup?
Going to start that way, anyway. The roof hotline says they're expecting to close the roof for scattered showers.
I feel like dean tonight :p
I hate them. And I don't care what you all think.
I Know the economy used to do a lot of nice things for me, but what has it done for me lately?
RT : I'm at Graceland. I was born a few years too late, or I would've been chilling in his basement
Snacking, Lady Gaga & Rental going On :)
My sister left me all these dishes to do <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
you playing angry birds at all yet? If not, try it....great game
Just brought popstar magazine to get the poster(;
come one come all!!!
last test tomorrow! And my first D:
Thanks for the RT, and the commentary. You never cease to amuse.
i wana get more followers so who ever will mention me i will mention back so pls mention me now
I just bit my toungue =/ like WTF
Okay. NOW I'm going to bed. 'Nightt (:
Hails & hails!
Finishing up "Don't Ya" at Sine Studios today, and then off to Studio 4, with Phil Nicola, one of the best on the east coast for mastering.
2nd Step is Outsmart other Job seekers tips, FREE resume & job board, follow me & go to minorityjobs.net Julie Hunting-Tips.html
Before finals & the holidays sweep up your time - start considering studying abroad through SCT! Dublin & London Summer & London Fall 2010!
#WhyShouldI give a fuck? You gave me every reason not to..
“: Ash wednsday service with my mom” Such a good boy you are!
I need to get off twitter! Reading all the #GameofThrones tweets and have to wait til after work to watch...
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT, Motherfuckers.
Elisa Kreisinger ( & #madmenremix): smart and snarky responses to pop culture + crafting remix grammar
I love being ignored.. #thefunnest!
Do abs like Santa Clause count? I just need some clarification.
Naw you are just sharing it with me. lol.
Yeah, the Internet. My son keeps telling me it's a tool that I should use.
Gotta get my weight up eating big
Big thanks to Skull, 34 Feet Deep, Fire Red, The Untold Lies, & Mrs. Skanotto for being great guests tonight on The Sunday Night Shakedown!
I'm sorry screw school
it just doesn't match ya know.
just persuasive.
well, im putting him on second string, it's my time now....
ok i got u
Girl time :)
collects coins like a Jew and runs like a Black man :3
Sure, that's the spirit! :) RT : If it doesn't kill me, it will make me stronger, right?
When you're a kid, you have a hero; someone you love and admire. When i see you, the kid in me shouts.
Sixers could easily be up 2-0 had they not #GaveUpTheDrawls in game one!
I think you won; you can't flip through mags w/o a #sleektablet or the #printobjects. Plus, they were free.
Lousy Smarch weather.
that is wonderful...Please thank him for his service to our country...send him by for a free "Hill City Hot", Happy Jack
"My Father didn't tell me how to live; he lived, and let me watch him do it." - Clarence Budington Kelland
OOPS! We had a mistake on our website. Region 7 AOSII panel is Thursday May 5th and AOSI panel is Friday May 6th.
No! I would love to be there but I have so much work to do for finals it just didn't work
hi thanks!!! I haven't heard the results!! I need to go check! :)) happy Monday!
“: come join the movement bro!” glad you get what #bbn is about! Hope can go all in!
RT : Burgers & crinkle cut fries w/the 52Limited team @ an outdoor table @ Fuller's Coffee shop. Friday fun lunch... whoop whoop!
I've seen that place, but always thought it was just selling hot tubs. Cool!
When your world's upside down..& that certain phone call come through--Your whole attitude changes:)
I can't believe I fell asleep on the couch with two outs to go.
I hope you have had a chance to look the email I sent you. Please let me know what you think. Thanks!
Saturday AM dance party with my babies. #k'naan
Yes Chris!!!!! Hell Yeah
drinking from a pitcher.
my weight lol my things will blow up
Heh, rough as in pricey
'chutzpah' is 1 of 10 most popular keywords today in online NYTimes. hm
Thanks for the nice review.
Glad you're enjoying our used store!
In the words of She-Ra, Woot woot! Only have about an hour or so but look forward to it!
I HATE YOU DELMON YOUNG BUT I LOVE YOU RIGHT NOW
College is the key
HP Storage will focus on four core areas at Discover 2012: Cloud, Virtualization, Business Protection, and Information Optimization
#RnBThrowBacks SOS Band- Just BE Good to Me
Work like it isnt what it is.
Alfred De Musset~ Well talk without listening to each other that is the best way to get along.
thanks for the follow! Looking forward to seeing more great posts on the blog.
Vampire diaries wow Stefan gone he sticker elanas blood well at least she alive thx for her hero Damon n omg tylers a hyprid n is Vicki good
wow Nowhere man u so went negative lennon on her >.>
guys, follow me i follow back
I did as you said. :-) may I have a follow please? Thank you.
Has everyone seen the most recent Go Greek! University of Cincinnati pictures?! There was some FIERCE competition during Greek Week!
Thanks, Paul! We're working on gettnig this fixed right now. Sorry about that!
I rock Gucci, I rock Prada, At the same damn time.
Can't wait to see , & tonight in their pre-tour show @ The High Dive after dinner
Hate waking up sore sucks
Though I love MKE, it is always so hard to return after being in the Northwoods.
Post-war technology emerges. Kid playing rock band. How have cultural interfaces changed?
Project Runway tonite!! I'm so happy! Are you in or your out!! Love Tim & Heidi
Venture far from the Mall to eat. Don't miss the Sculpture Garden. And, of course, stand right, walk left!
How long can you remain in a state of appreciation today?
THANKS TO ALL THE MOTHERS THAT CAME OUT TONIGHT, ALL THE ARTIST AND COMEDIANS THAT CAME OUT! WE GOIN IN NEXT SUNDAY...WHAT WILL WE DO NEXT?
HEY im going to the ymca 2morrow u Wanna come so u want be bored
Please dont continue to pay people to call women "sluts" and "prostitutes". I don't think it'll play well with female consumers
yeah Karens being annoying &we all know she favors nicole so of course we go by whatever nicole says
Nice! Love that Mayor is a fan, hopefully he watches on ?! RT Can Diamond pitch on 20 hrs rest?
tell me about it like how old are those guys haha
Integrity is doing the right thing -- even when no one is looking!
Another beautiful day!Come on 2 News Channel 5 2day James Robertson Pkwy. We will b there fm 11-130 w the best country fixins in Nash :)
Highest margin item on the steakhouse menu has to be the bleu cheese wedge salad. $0.59 head of lettuce, chop, dressing, Bacos.
We finished not one but TWO new songs on Sunday during our first marathon practice in a while. Come to our shows to hear them.
Well thanks Jaron(:
hi girl! :) how are you?
Fine. Hooray, even. Purge the spammers. I don't miss them. Does anybody?
Goodnight Twitter =)
Thunder rolls regardless
Would like you like some in your life? He is here on Friday!!! Awesome times ahead! Message for details
Welcome to the Mile High City Peyton, where football miracles and memories are made on Sundays...
Yay for the gays !
Thank so much for your help with wardrobe! Good to have an eye for fashion on the team.
There goes my bangs bitch! (There they go, there they go!) Ooh-wee-look-at-she! #lmao!
I try!! When are you coming back to Sto?!
": If life is short, why is patience a virtue? #mindblowing"
My ONLY class today and I'm late. It's okay though, the lady in front of me is also in my class.:3
Know what sucks? Working while you're #sick! And I'm by myself so NO help! Ugh!
I wanna create sweet musical noises.
Movin furniture and work like a slave ughh
pretty well! The area is fun, and I love the people. Working like crazy too... how are you doing?
Same shit every day.ugh
to come across something from "creative writing": like stumbling from a witches' sabbat in a forest into a florescent lit conference room
dude, come over and hang with me this week!
School closed? win...if only i could see "him" though.
and not one person called to say other wise so plz believe when i say this family as of right is cut off so FUCK YOU BITCHES
no worries
The death penalty in IL has been abolished; it's not on hold.
My mother never gets out and watches TV all day and I fear she will only get worse if she doesn't do anything to help herself.
I love the new album of Lady Gaga "Born This Way"!
Heading to One Superior Place to train a new client! Should be a kick ass workout!
#Maddow podcast is up, enjoy!
follow back [;.
(Hey, maybe we could collaborate & organize a cross-disciplinary conference on airports in the near—sorry—future?)
Don't forget to check our website to get the full stories and see video interviews and sign up for our newsletter www.blacktheatreusa.com
woke up sick as hell this morning <\3 .
Today is the first and last day of forever. - Stephenie Meyer
What is your favorite musical (I'm in need of a new soundtrack and would love an opinion on something with great music)?
RT it is MY PLEASURE, sir. // WE AGREE!
lol Nowhere, still here doin the same shit :/ lol where you been ??
NJ, NY, PA artist looking for music videos or businesses looking for commercials, check us out at www.ThirteenE.com and email us.
Thanks! Please feel free to let us know what we can do beyond the RTs.
Just saw #missrepresentation. If you haven't seen it yet, you should. I think it was the spark I needed to get back into my own research.
Down To Earth for his parents, Where Are You Now for Jeremy, Turn To You for Pattie, Believe for Beliebers. Justin is the best son & Idol
are you staying home?
RT : Big boys don't cry.
Nice development Todd, how has the Athlete Factory experience influenced your teaching in recent years?
Attaboy Prince! That made coming back to work worthwhile! I think we have got a new lead for tonight! Who is with me?
RT "Being a leader is like being a lady, if you have to go around telling people you are one, you aren't." <----
I'm not worried.
Not talking about it
Are All Of Yall Into Girls Like I Am Les-Bi-Honest...
Sweet! I've always wanted to pummel my enemies with the Tornado of Pain (cc )
Chilling...staying out of this rain<U+2614>
mango and sticky rice for breakfast
RT : "Communication works for those who work at it." - John Powell
Beautiful prayer from Clarissa Pinkola Estes: May someone always come looking for us when we are lost. May we never be stranded.
Illuminatedled windshields to fit '96 to present Harley Street Glides and Electra Glides with factory fairings www.darksideshields.com
I refuse to read any comments on any website anymore. Some people have nothing better to do than bash each other.
yea, tell Big Ben and Hines Ward that...
Next month! Starting to plan for a venue. Charity is going to be Seattle food banks.
You're awesome!!! Thank you :) Everybody get your freshest foods here!
must be rough [full out sarcasm intended]
Thank you! ( watching Torres this very minute)
Whoa. She has gotta be trolling...
why yal ain't get my backpack
Name of next band: Space Beer
how is it going on your side!!
Facebook users spend avg 405 min per month on the platform. Google+? just 3 min/mo... even Myspace is higher (8) [comscore Jan data]
Laws of motion also apply to me and the phone. So hard to start, but once that call is in motion, I find it nearly as difficult to end it.
Catching up on dvr old episodes of did an awesome job!
what good where can i send some tracks to
Oh #Cubs it's good to see you again.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. - Bill Cosby
No I'm in Wa. Ain't no swinging going on here. Later
I had a great day during apc today!:) and got a new lifting partner
A woman director won for the best foreign film!!! Congrats!
What do you think #bostonarts? RT : Is it good or bad that people leave the theatre with unanswered questions?
Happy Year of the Dragon. Gung hay fat choy (Chinese for Best wishes and congratulations. Have a prosperous and good year.)
Watching #laescaleratr3s what a great show! Feeling very proud of the team! Congratulations!
#IdFangirlIfJustin smiled at me.
RT : first we heard universal or u-commerce. now a pr person just pitched me on "omni-commerce."
One fun thing about having a crappy car is abruptly shutting off the air conditioner on the highway and pretending you have a hyperdrive
that's so cool!
Awesome - have a MEGA-RAD time!!! “: About to enjoy the Van Halen concert. Hope everyone's well”
When you call in a airstrike and it hits the ceiling
your like ceral with no milk
Harry Nilsson, I have no idea what I would do without your tunes. Really hits the nail on the head.
In other news, I'm consider buying a pair of boat
PLEASE FOLLOW BACK...
PRE-SOLD TIX ONLY $15 TO SEE LUCIANO, IWER GEORGE, LEON COLDERO, BLACK VIOLIN AND MORE MORE MORE!
yeah tons of peeps were just out flossing for show.
okay don't forget :)
I love it!
North end
Web geeks, tech nerds and more this Wednesday at Apothecary lounge #abqwebgeeks - see you there?
I'll be there! RT Wednesday is the Beer Fest featuring 15 breweries! only $25!
. Glad you took the time to do Teen Wolf on Draw Something. You have made my life a little better today
You are amazing! Have a great time where ever you are. Goodluck with everything. Stay gold~
On page 16, but I'm not done with all of the sections yet. It's definitely time for a lunch break.
if finals week doesn't kill me this stupid 12 pg paper will. goodbye cruel world! i am so #hungry right now :(
> do you guys have gift cards or shirts available for the holiday season?
Let's do this Clippers!
I know Polish. But...that's not in Polish. Sorry. Good hanging out at the Bounty yesterday, hope it ended w/ karaoke
appears to have survived the first day of classes
Hey bitch I see you vag. Nice!!
can you pal me in the boxes with your stuff when you move to Miami?!
This summer is gonna be great cause my boy is driven!
Thanks to everyone who rang in the New Year's with at Gator's Dallas! Happy New Year from StoneAge - Dave, John, Jon & John Michael!
I'm glad you were my 1st follower! Thanks for the love!
"Nothing Else Matters" by Metallica still gets me misty-eyed.
If boxing didn't suck, I'd take Mayweather...and I'll continue to take him until he gets beat. Plus, he's got 2 lbs on his man!
Death is certain life is not
Heading to the studio for today's #carlsononthelaw show (11 am) think they will let me broadcast from outside
Hope your having a great time.
weekend, n. a period of more than 24 hours when one is not required to present herself at a storefront
Have a great race weekend!!
Who do you think had the idea? This guy.
So you try to run me off the road...the highway at that! Kudos hmmp!
The fact I love now >>> my lil sis stopped acting skep :)
that's why ny artists don't pop off. they have industry connects but zero fans
where u been cuz
You can try a small size. They're 100% cotton so it'll shrink when you wash it. I think they're unisex shirts.
My HouseKeeper is HOME!!!!
I love hypnagogic regression (not). Just started rambling off meaningless phrases in anapestic tetrameter.
No, I don't, I respect But men tease each other all the time. Why do women have to always take it personally?
brb going to getto liquor store to get fake mustache/beard out of machine
Nothing good lasts forever... Period
Today was absolutely perfect <U+E40A><U+E41F>
Not again.
bbq pulled pork a la vinegar sauce mighty tasty tonight @ 12 bones #c4l10 - still stuffed
need some love from rep!!!
"Sometimes, we must be hurt in order to grow. It's simply because, some lessons are best learned through pain"
TCE @ Backspace with Rags & RIbbons and Frame The City Novemer 4th! All Ages!!!
come out to one of my shows
Sure, will send you a summary. Includes mini-precinct, processing center ribbon cuttings in Apr.
Im going in for a CREEPY JANITOR on GLEE in the am.....watch out NeNe Leakes............... here I come!
1 more hour ---- u can make it... hurry yo ace on ova
lol i do but this is actually just my backup account cus i get tweet limit… but ima be on my other account more:)
Next session -- Loraine Kasprzak (aka ) doing a session to IMC on Leveraging CMC via Social Media #IMCUSA. Follow it hear.
awww!! So you really don't need to care about my birthday! Worry about your things first! It's more important :)
Starbuck totally wins. Amirite or amirite? Especially because the sexy times AFTER will be SO sexy.
bitch my dog Don't want u he just hungry
"Maybe it’s over, but I don’t feel it - If we want it forever, baby we gotta steal it." ::jon mclaughlin feat. xenia::maybe it's over::
The Captain
JUST HERE! Lol. :D You haven't even texted me or anything!
Hahaha back off my cat bro hell kick Tyson's ass
Phrase of the night: "So between friends..." with
I think you're one of those people who everyone falls in love with, even for a tiny bit.
I can't believe Livan Hernandez is still playing baseball....come to think of it, Jamie Moyer too
I miss & I can't wait for him to come to TX next year to go to college 20 min away from me!
Dear math, I'm tired of trying to find your 'X'. Just accept the fact that she's gone. Move on dude.
I love Cody simpson
also, the daughters (metallica and megadeth) were twins...
sad day!
What just happened with the Grammys.. went to the local station..
upshaw who you want?
Coming soon: Tournament style Rock-Paper-Scissors coming soon. $50 winnings! You in?
#thingsigetalot u must workout
The quality of a person's life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor.
Murderer by mystikal is a classic
Estrada up in the bullpen for the #Brewers. Would have preferred to see him in the 8th in a one run game.
Dad just told me a story about a German shepeard getting into some coke and LSD.
Nick calls me. Me: hey. Nick: wanna play a game? Me: what? Nick: find your car. Hahah
I could make the US Post Office profitable in one year. I'm serious. Have you done business with them lately?
Chillin baby! Whatcha doing? I'm eating shrimp egg foo young!! LOL. Love you hard!!
kitchen floor shit that college dorm shit..
White Hummer. Grey SUV's. Khakis' Blue Blazers. Earbuds. Construction on western tracks of EL loop.
Day definitely not off to the best start. smh
Chuck Norris has the cure for cancer in his tears too bad Chuck Norris never cries
Protect your goals and dreams like you would a most valued treasure. Seek your True inner voice and let that Truth be your compass.
Hope you're able to land and take off successfully. It is Rocky-under-the-sofa-weather here.
Go GO go!!
I'm headed there too! Whee!
#snowmg is preventing me from getting to Miami tomorrow for the Business Video Expo... I was really looking forward to speaking. :(
Obesity is just another symptom of our growing spiritual malnutrition.
Justin: I wasn't that drunk. Everyone else: Justin, you let Cody Simpson come to your party...
UCONN game is far from over
Gospel music kinda represents the "last" great frontier of "real" music.....they still sing and play with passion and life!..check it out!
I cannot get comfortable. This fucking sucks...
An hour at baggage claim really
no way! We still love Tebow!
My boyfriend is dead
Maybe Zimmerman had those injuries because he tried to attack Trayvon first. Stand Your Ground applies to Trayvon not Zimmerman.
#SignsAPersonCantCook everything is burnt...
the Artist won best black and white costume design
#CanIBeHonestWithYou sometimes enough is enough.
Happy Thanksgiving From Your Favorite NABJ Chapter
Ice cream&tea <3
ah! I miss teen hoot! It was so cool meeting you (:
Bout go on total christain TV and play for David Ivey pray for me that I play the best that I can!
Hi I'm Tyler (:
I welcome some colder temps. I couldn't sleep in the sauna that is my bedroom. I can't seem to cool it off
I'll open the door, all you have to be is dedicated to yourself and making $$$
Thank you! Whew!
After a delicious meal and beer at , catching up on #MadMen with !
... plus, much to do with taking care of my parents' estate. But am still hoping to see you here or there or somewhere!
can my mother please give me netflix again i want to watch the fifth element again!!!!
Pain and suffering is something every human has to deal with but I am so lucky as an artist to be able to channel that into something good.
shut up! It really looked like she did that! I would do it!
oh do I. Musketeers :)
“: Since forevaa” I'm cooler doe. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>
Not okay. NOT okay.
Yeah man. Tellin Kids about Christ!
Celebrating giving an honorary doctorate to Sharon Watson Fluker this evening!
If you could eliminate one thing you do each day in the bathroom so that you never had to do it again, what would it be?
paneras French toast bagel is better
RT : Happy new year, !
Going to ERJ Orlando tonight; Lets make it happen!! =)
Not to the Beer Baron followers.
Good word: Audacity--Means boldness, daring, nerve, spunk, grit. "Tact in audacity consists in knowing how far we may go too far."Cocteau
thanks, I'm going to have those stuck in my head all day.
Beth Ann discussing the paradigm shift from "sorting" to "searching."
A debate is brewing in our awesome DC nonprofit's office about which of your films we love the most. Shout out to a local boy!
Show us some love! Tell your friends to follow us! RT our specials! Thank you!!! We love you guys! :)
RT : Winthrop officials say the Tillman clock was damaged in Monday's lightning strike and is currently inoperable.
Bobby Valentine, clubhouse enforcer? Maybe not so much
Some lady had her hand on my behind the entire way down a crowded hallway. I'm not entirely sure how I feel about that.
I just got two .co's today! Woo hoo!
any one looking for digital distribution ?? i got you
Big morning, big day, and big ideas. Canvas will be all over the place tfor client demos, presentations, and a most-excellent new biz pitch!
likes ignoring me :/
I'm like, hungry. Can we, like, go to, like, Firebowl?
i doubt that. I highly doubt that.
That one dude looked tight that Desean Jackson didn't throw him the football. Lmzao
The thing is, Bob, it's not that I'm lazy, it's that I just don't care.
but if the choice was to write a gay letter, where's the poor choice :) and grammatical incorrectness isn't an option here
This marks my 2,300th tweet!
BELOW THE BRIM is w/ his daughter @ Hover Dam. Not the real one but the one in OHIO. Lol
Hes so confusing.. Theres so many other things too.. Too many to list.
Welcome to Twitter !
Somebody pls tell Coach Kelly "jump ball" is a basketball term not a throwing strategy for Tommy Rees...Bring back
Great, thanks!
I like how im supported by everyone but the person I love the most..
Time to sing!
wut up how yo day been??
It's National Have Fun At Work Day...who knew? Enjoy!
Had my #twins stress test some diapers from that were cheaper than batting 0 for 2 in overnight durability.
lol flash mob
9 more followers so please RT and follow me .
oh good! I would totally send freeway up to regulate for you!!!
the crown aint safe!
I broke my own personal record for cursing at the television since 1994. What a heartbreaker.
Did forget he's not a #nosaint anymore? Bro shut up and move on.
yes! It's a new reality show with Kevin and Danielle!
Dumb Ass Broads .
kind of 'ironic' don't you think?
Good to hear 'Nathan' can still come out and play with the kids....
Looked forward to cincy show for months. Grandma passed yesterday mornin couldn't make it :/ still have it on Netflix though
I AM HERE I AM HERE PAY ATTENTION TO ME RT . is a ghost town today. plotting an overthrow of
Young wild and SAVED #iSwitcheditUp AbitWiz
Looks like a cool event!
People carrying suitcases nowhere near the airport alarms me. Almost as much as Mike Tyson's new one-man show in Vegas.
Happy b-day
You tweet random az sheet !
going to the theater in Corinth to watch Project X
Tweet me this... Tweet me that... #PromotionalProducts are all the Twitter! Happy Hump Day... Make it a good one!!!
AZ ATTORNEY DEBATES TONIGHT!!! Do you want to attend. Call us at 602-952-6760
By "marching shoes," do you mean into battle, or out of Wisconsin? Please stay, this fight needs you.
I wanna go out tonight!
The UNAI media team of Delta Kappa Alpha would like to keep in touch!
#Isles PP looking lost so far. #Bruins have the puck in #isles zone
Now, bring on "One Shining Moment"!!
Worst bridge lift ever, I-5a mess- full half hour the decks were up. How about some warning on these lifts? Rant over. Story on KGW @ Noon
Awww...who else would we pick? :)
Umm... RT trying 2 sign my friend Morgan up 4 the #96minutemilers but she went 2 get crab(s) w/a few friends first
I know, I know. I didn't buy it. Was given to me by a friend cuz I was interested. Hang in there DING
so last nite asked a ? re Tea Party Racism. I gave an example [2] & got no reply. Figures, silent in face of truth! Blocked now
Oh Cool (well kinda) lol. I played football at OSU Go Beavs!!!
The Hunger Games' box office movie grosses $68.26 million on Friday. Damn.
yeah but the Lakers are better than this lol
No more winter weather. When i wake up tmw i want it to be spring.
Who has purchased or rented the film today??
University Librarian Gary Strong is presenting the Undergraduate Research Prize awards right now.
Yo thanks for the shout! Let me know if you put something out I can peep online
Ingersoll-Rand stock has jumped by over 5% on news that activist investor Nelson Peltz has purchased shares of more than 7% in the company.
I have 66 followers -.-
Definitely not in good hands with this #Allstate adjuster. Giving me very poor impression of
#confession I get upset really easily..
u in duval??
#Aware N Every Sense Of The Word Cant B Disturbed
I really like how Roberta Flack gave an "Obama fist bump" LOVED IT!!
The Good Ship Lollipop.
The perfect morning for picking up trash in the park!
I perused the 4th floor looking for you. Where are ya??
Okay Jesus, I know you can't interfere with the whole "people's free choice" thing, but it's VERY clear who your favorite football team is.
3% of families come to art museums 4entertainment ... Per Family Learning in Interactive Galleries: A Cross-Museum Research Report
do you still go to regular school?
As companies reorganize, merge, acquire or are acquired, they need to rebuild or strengthen internal relationships
Mark Sanborn's message "You Don't Need a Title to be a Leader" is so true. In fact, you have to lead yourself before you can lead others.
My tummy has been hurting all day :-(
“: keep it real we dream chasing”
Off to pick up my tailored blazer and get my teeth cleaned. Busy, busy, busy!
and thats what i thought happened because it started out of no where...and its def going to be a he haha
menschy? menchy? mencshy? twitter spell check, help a book reviewer describing a character out!
Anyone done some targeted advertising on Facebook? Yeah or Nah?
RTRTRTRT“: Boys are stupid.”
Keke Palmer has an amazing voice, eveybody check her out on youtube "KekePalmerVideos"
Is MITT ROMNEY watching this VIDEO and laughing at another one of his YOUTUBE MOMENTS? Yes MEDIA TRULY MATTERS. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Fair enough point. She was very much about gender and feminist issues.
my ancestors got ripped off on that deal. I'm tryna get that mule now
thx for following me jessica, great to see u the other day, been so long i didnt recognise you, congrats on everything!!
Dear Pitbull, u seem like a cool guy and I know u got robbed back in the day but I hope u made enough so u can retire now...please?
Schools and Colleges and degrees do not teach you about success. Ask yourself why 98% of people in this world are busted broke at age 65 ?
Giants' Sandoval has fractured hamate bone in left hand. Is it Kung Fu Bad Handa now?
RT : #ThatOnePersonInSchool who is plotting to kill you all...
I don't love Gaga, just like the song You and I.
i wanna go to the zoo.
Finally watching the highlights of the #redsox game on TV makes me sick all over again. So much to second-guess.
No way! I grew up in Battle Creek and went to undergrad at Michigan!
damn couch I tripped and my foot went flying into the damn leg of it.
thanks for sharing Ep 2! And congrats, you get a surprise. Keep your eye on you inbox. 9 RT surPRIZEs left. 18 on TDJ's FB.
thank you sweetheart
I keep thinking I'm farther from the end of this script than I am because my target is only @ 90 pages.
#Music You can sing the phone book noise in the background you'd sound great . Gifted, luv your sound, tone carefree style.
oh, same here. On like all 4 of my times. But I also have a few COL players too!
its gonna be live!!! But any movie with me aka hulk is. Lol
Thank you all for a great lunch will be back tomorrow.
Racked up.. Racked out...
(c) everybody and everything people are saying, just fuck this drama!!
RT : At least mentioned a political settlement, reconciling Afghan groups, including Taliban. We'll hold you to that...
What did New York do now?? :)
SLOW@ WORK WATCH THE RAIN FALL.
Agreed Jamal...easy to cast stones from a cushy chair.
What are the top three music cities in the US?
Etrade put an extra 1000 in my account! But before I could do anything they took it out. ):
well you can most definelty apply motor learning principles but what kind of artic kid are we talking
Me too. RT : Still loving the series "Once Upon a Time" but I hope the two worlds start intersecting a bit more.
LOL come on baby! RT : Momma need some new shoes
he's been on Fringe for the past 4 years
Does anyone know any intriguing world news? It has been quite depressing to read the news lately.
thanks yo! Good to be here
Not having time to take care of myself (work out, eatright) RT : As a busy woman...what stresses you the most?
Well, that was presumptuous-bordering-on-idiotic, wasn't it?
You can use you're special #smbmad offer for a 4G LTE Tablet
Are tank tops allowed in corporate America? I just can't stand to wear a blazer today #
did you quit? Or just reduce frequency?
What color?
i would have taken it as a compliment... like Brian "the Brain" Heenan but thats just me
Live jams in Croydon, PA, 8p-11p tonight with #MischaMachez come hang with the trio
At this damn job. Ugh!
Thanks! Where does purchasing process come in? Large biz have access to more point-of-sale technology - is that an advantage?
I can't help it, they make me laugh consistently.
Coming up with a list of fixes & ideas for next draft of Devil's Due.
Good morning and God Bless you twitter folks!!! :)
Free music indeed! Remember to get your best friend a copy!
If you are planning on going to the Creighton vs Sporting KC game in KC on TUE 3/13 go post on the Kommandos FaceBook page! We need a count!
heading to the office to bring home the bacon. M
That was awful. Glad I'm done!
On my way to a meeting with Matthew Knowles(Beyonce Dad)....Can't say why just yet.but wish me luck
why does nicki minaj always rap about having a bad back and the chiropractor...
Our first night of Fill the Boot is in the bag and it was a huge success! Thanks to Orbil, Russ and Roper for coming out.
Wow, that might be hard to answer on twitter! How about write scifi books from a Hawaiian mountainside retreat?
Fantastic mtg w/ Director Leigh Christie! Proud 2B a partner again in 2011. Our kids will be selling a lot of lemonade!
When I see another Barrett/Falk ad for Gov. of WI, I'm gonna hurl faster than a hooker goes to Vegas for a convention of Dems.
LDI: Candidate comments informative/inspiring; alignment toolbox developments exciting; vendor relationship building rewarding!
heard that RT My legs are too long for this damn car -_-
Get Sourced. Get Quoted. Get Famous. www.helpareporter.com
allow me to keep you awake :p
Music keeps me going.
Thanks to Sensei Steve for an excellent Karate Tournament in Kentucky. Oss.
Yesterday in the gym Me; Why are you scared, it's just a roach? *roach spreads wings* OH SHIT IT CAN FLY, RUN BITCH RUN!””
I'm all confused about this mention, haha.. was I added in by accident?!
Even though I think the movement is weird, the cover is damaging you know? Breastfeeding is important & it makes it look weird
yup I'm all in them haha we gone come up I got faith in my team where yo team at??
DANG! such a rockin' time! great job!
What resolution are you most likely NOT to keep?
You can not spell Healthcare with out THC! Stop in and see us today! Open till 7 :)
You need to follow
thanks for the s/o bro we most all appreciate it
have no clue but i hear thunderstormz...
There's a reason why I don't go to you for wisdom
Hello followers(:
Thought Valentine did a good job clarifying his comments on Youk. We'll see if it's enough to blow over.
Self-harm more common in bullied children - OnMedica
Just picked up the stuff I bought from Parson Weems` house, including some 19th century sleigh bells.
20. #Cardinals 13 #Brewers 1 | Say it ain't so, Yo / Cards continue to own him / The Arch Agony.
True! spend time enjoying... We often forget to relish!
Solo weekend- bf is out of town. Seriously looking forward to some alone time.
some band idek tbh, aha i never really heard of them either
Highschool Rodeo Tommorow !! Wish Me And Pistol Lots Of Luckk!! #Nervous ..
exhausted...physically, mentally and emotionally
Safe to say it will never be....
Smh i said sorry its just some juice
watching a good tv show or movie right before bed is essential
' I'm too lazy rite now , got up to early!!
i need a nap after our feast at cheesecake.
My heart goes out to the victims, their families, and everyone whose lives were changed from the recent tornados.
...he threatened to arrest ME. Told me he needed to come into my house. I told him that since he didn't have a warrant, he can FOAD.
Ugh Jeff gets America's Fav? Good for him but Dani will always be the best in my heart! :D
I'm thinking about getting Tweetgram just so I can make a Tweetgram saying "FUCK TWEETGRAM!"
just talking to him makes my day (:
Why do you visit Campopoly.com? What activities are you looking for?
Going to try and get some sleep...and hoping that when I wake up it will be to news of being released
Life is like a portrait, you've got to make it
RT / mention thx...make it a great day all!
Heading to Tulsa for the Tulsa International Film Festival
Here's hoping for a #Cosmopolis trailer tomorrow!
I would LOVE 2 sit & question on #Theology & what Jurgen Moltmann calls the
#wmnldrs. Mary Dowell/Johnson Controls talks about networking and building relationships and how constant change is
OMG. So scary!! I suffered from seizures bk in '08 due to stress. I still hv to take meds for it. I just pray she'll be ok!
I wanna see at the videoshoot, look for them
GUY acting like a New England buzzahd and got Pete's Wicked. (...actually got Miller)
Wish I was at the game in LV with my folks!
this is funny u r the first person from #graham NC that I have seen on twitter. Just moved away last month.
You played hard, guys! Thanks for some excellent games this season...will continue to be with you all the way.
Cake cake cake cake cake cake cake
#Warriors are a perimeter team, yet 66 of their 95 pts are in paint!
i actually got excited you dick! it was juliet.
One thing I want you to do is SWEAT <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>IT OUT!!!
Nothing saps my cognitive functions like oldies music. It's the music of zombies.
#Oomf Just Forgot All About Me Smh
must be nice.
And it steals screen real estate on both my iPhone and iPad that I would rather keep tidy
More than 13,000 fans in Freedom Hall tonight - WOW!
I need to assess Tawnee's pantsess
Thanks for that link, Lisa. how true.
Writing session today planned at Jittery Joe's. Fleshing out new dark character. Gotta find the bad seed he blossomed from.
Dolores Huerta to receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest honor granted to a civilian. Intv by
Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass
I have ideas about a short doc series.
ughh im bored:(
I'm really upset that my "bestfriend" went to Atlantic City and did not bring me back nothing , wow .
I would never have gay sex, if u'r st8 would you? Y do we tell these people it's a choice? Gays think of st8 sex same we think of gay sex.
yep I was w my friend who works for Kind Bars!
Good info Todd.
stay out of my account please
Gahhh. May 11th, most important day but yet..most depressing. :/
Worst nye run ever? Really? Considering the tweezer mikes piper vultures first tube glide moma>funky lifeboy etc I think that's a bit harsh
Basketball: Around the World with Multiple Sclerosis
yes you should and I'll drive next time since you can't manage to put your car in park before you turn it off lol
I feel terrible sitting with JM people is like against the law
<U+FFFD> And that<U+FFFD>s not because they have trained themselves not to say <U+FFFD>I
yes please :-) RT : can I go? *puppy face* lol
I used to be one of those girls that loved love and then I escaped NeverLand and came to Earth.
Mailing queries to Cobblestone Magazin and Houghton Mifflin Books for Children. Let's cross our fingers y'all.
YES! My job is done here RT pretty sure knew I was in the office alone today. Shutting the blinds & dancing
Awww! Finished big grant report today. Load lifting ever so slightly...!
deserves a shout out
You know that feeling you get when you want to punch a bitch in the face & then you do it. What's that called? Oh yeah, an erection.
Reafy at the office. Good morning.
Is it wrong to put left over Halloween candy in my children's Easter baskets?
I ROCK WIDD IT WHERE U AT LOL
I'll admit it. I watch every episode of
gentlemen? Prince? Lol
Tweetie is good
I am. It was good I thought. I'd have been curious to hear a bit more about the solo years after Bangladesh but pre-Wilburys.
Minneapolis' iconic spoon and cherry sculpture damaged by graffiti. But this graffiti comes with a message. What it means on KSTP-TV at 5pm.
Yurp. I have a link for them on my page too.
Can't wait to see former Oxy student and current President during tonights State of the Union tonight from the
get your hooves off me, you damned dirty bovine!
Wish you were here! RT Wish I was able to #WatchWolves tonight on be a great game!
I can't believe it's gone up to over $600 million now. That's a country's GDP.
Please beat some sense into your friend
kick me
it pains alot when the person that made you feel so special yesterday makes you feel so unwanted today.
I've always wanted to try those DIY chocolate milk baths, but my parents would kill me if I put anything other than water in the tub.
RT : that comment by that moron is beyond the pale./Totally absurd! They shouldn't have a leadership position.
Morning traders... AAVG looking great
All you have with me is your word and your actions to back it up. Once you've lost both with me, its a wrap!
My new and welcome ritual for the mornings after Conrad's return from work trips: sleeping in together. ECs get me every time!
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Go U of L, Duke, or UT
I can't fall back asleep.. Can this week be over already? :/
Started my car from a block away love
reworking posts on the #Cinevore website before Nerd Vs Geek is posted. You have to love working from home.
Of course, working that fine line between personal power and situational constraints is where creativity comes in!
The hug & tears I had w/ .. I can truly say she's the BEST!! Ima miss my
LIKE US on Facebook :)
lol luckily it hasn't happened yet
what time do we go get you ? We're at the dog park waiting for you
Pretty jacked about it. Excited to see Tool and Puscifer at the same show.
lol I don't realize you quoted wrong band. I just kept singing in my head.
If you follow GalTime on twitter DON'T FORGET to go on facebook and "like" our GalTime Atlanta page!
Can anything 1 tell me how to block escort girls on here? It's annoying when I get a follow from "u don't know me" Ladies find JESUS PLZ!!
i like my girls chunkaaaaay (; give momma some shuggah ~ ^.^
Prudential is a big business, but it has always been generous to my Newark HS: St. Vincent Academy. Way to go!
It's another Sensual Sunday, and we're getting ready to do it the right way.. so come join us.....
"You read my diary?" "At first i did not know it was your diary, I thought it was a very sad handwritten book"
Getting Aiden ready for school is a mission!
If I were still in #Sacramento, I'd vote for He continues to battle for his beloved city despite all obstacles
how can i get on freestyle friday and you should check my music out
Extreme Majestic Technical Epic Melodic Metal
The backgrounds in this Taralskdfskdfljsdl song. I just can't. I JUST CAN'T.
yea between 2 ppl at which, there definition of it is the same or similar
is the smartest person ever! :b
what a strange combination of food. Eres un hombre loco!
I'm following, I'm following!
Her: You’re so lucky you don’t have to wear make up. Me: Yeah, but it’s a lot of work being this ruggedly handsome.
what? :p haa
i spy cuties ;D
Another fact about me. I don't really like Nutella. But I'll eat it. I just don't really like the taste of it. ~Ashley
The Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA) tax is a United States payroll (or employment) tax
Good morning. Why is my toothbrush missing?
Oops, I'm at hollywood horror! Not tower of terror lmao.
Will one of you provide me links for the tickets that I need to purchase?
If lakers win this game.. Its a miracle
Can't play sports,read, go to school, or go on the computer for 1week..soo I guess I'll be back in a week/: love you guys<3
May 26th Reggae Bar Austin Hwy San Antonio,Tx. special guest Bands from San Antonio 4pm until $5 before 8pm $8 after 8pm
Sorry to hear that! You should check out our app, I came up with it after my house was broken into
good morin wat oh good afternoon i guess
the Meta-terrorists would be another good name for a band also.
I have been through various fitness regimes
She Said She Only Date Men That Open Doors For Her.... He Said Really, Aw Man. Nd Pulled Off On Her Ass. #ThinkLikeAMan Lmfao #TeamFollo ...
Duke Ellington~ There are two kinds of worries -- those you can do something about and those you cant. Dont spend any time on the latter.
should sing gun powder n lead w her n do your head back n forth Move u do to the song. Be epic
Just kidddin i cant /:.
Is everyone at without me?
On 28 April 2008 Sojourner Truth (born Isabella Baumfree), escaped slave, abolitionist, photographer, was given memorial in US Capitol
who was the Manhattan College transfer in your trivia the other day?
Good people are very hard to come by.
if you don't I'm going to "spank you muff" <U+E404>
thanks for the follow! :-)
Let's go NY jets . About to watch them for the first time this year..let's see how they look
Thursday night game...let's go fins!
the moral of the story is FUCK YO LIFE
When will the world come to reality? :-( Its time for a change.....
J'Nan: You're going to find a mentor. The things, where are you going to find it? In the streets? They won't know the real deal.
Big fox trotting around the neighborhood in daylight this am. Long black legs, mixed colors. The squirrels sounded the alarm.
goodnight, you're a good dancer! :)
Look the gates of hell are falling, crumbling from the inside out! He's bursting through the walls with laughter!
12 hills done plus 4x400's. Total just under 8 miles. #Love/HateWednesdays.
Hey Michael. Sorry, no tease. This is real life, I think. I'll work on the songs thing.
I understood about 80 percent that time.
I love the #DosEquis guy and all, but after seeing #RG3 on #Leno, he just might take the old guys job!
I'm great what you doing?
Happy Mothers Day, moms! Thank you for all of the love, understanding, & support that you've always given, whether we deserve it or not. <3
is a dummy - which a nice way of saying stupid
impressive Bucky is back in the B1G race, only 1 game out of first! Going to be a great race until the end!
Hahaha love ya back!!
#WhatIFindAttractive someone just like you kian :)
The Way I Been Feelinq My Baby Boy Will Probably Be Here Before The Week Is Over!
They call me Emily Dickinson by the way I'm dropping em dashes.
Every night I wish for the same thing and every day the universe adds one more reason for me to be unhappy.
Omg were are u at mannytoscano? Im almost home yay
Tomorrow is your first chance to see #CHILDREN at the Beckett at Theatre Row!
Wouldn't he have to deal with a load of matching {} and [] in most NoSQL systems?
no problem dear!!!
boy on your lips!!! Where else
Awesome! Thanks!
It's finally Friday! If you some need some good drink ideas, we got you....
I agree with a homo's attitude but not their preference #PhuckWhatUThinkAttitude... but I luv pucci tho!
i'm a double texter.
Not to sold on the 3 day draft idea, going to be interesting to see how this plays out
follow me , I'm worth the chase:)
I want my copy of The Fault in Our Stars to be Hanklerfished! >.<
may your coffeemaker find peace in the post java afterlife
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies is on my summer reading list --but it's a pretty long list :).
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Jim Nelson! Current editor at
Officiating is way too tight. No flow at all.
equally are you a woman who hasn't given your seat to a pregnant woman, elderly person or disabled
Keep up the good work:).
If the National anthem at Soldier Field didn't give you the chills, check your pulse!
This is awesome! No more broccoli! Now if they would just lower the price, or get FDA approval so ins would cover.
Danielle and I found a dead shark!
I couldn't do it I would b gettin my blackass beat everyday
The sun is shining n the weather is sweet
_olivia_moore_: QMagazine Santa brought me a back-issue of Q with Eminem on the front from 2001... Very happy girl here.
“: "stop making that face" is one of my most over-used sentences”. Ahem sound familiar?
Where the F is Arian Foster????
Thanks LaTonya. How many of them 6-5 215? Has Travis run yet? Go Canes!
Lively conversation on the bus this morning re: Medicare, health care, unemployment
I keep on tweeting #amex for stuff, but all i'm getting is coupons! i thought this was
That. Is. Hilarious.
I love watching jurassic park because
hey babe...thanks!
Thought Of The Day “ All cruel people describe themselves as paragons of frankness. ” — Tennessee Williams
nah im out in the world. Hows the skooling?
Need to go to the hospital
OMG YUM!
Doing well and yourself?
12 hours late, but OMG congratulations! that's so wonderful!
thanks man!!
I'm sure he had haters and skeptics. But he also had people to believe he was a good quarter back.
and i went to the gym to day yea me
Dealing with the pain of yesterday by watching Hoosiers.
So she deletes me ova dat smh.
Great set by ! Now bring on Snow Patrol!
damn, how does #beyonce sound THAT GOOD live? and the girl isn't lip syncin either wow
“: #FrozenPlanet = EPIC #Discovery” YES!!
Hello? Wait... How did you change the channel? Hello? Who is this? You just put the tv on mute? HOW ARE YOU DOING THIS?!?!
you so sweet Leesha Ben!! Lucky the interview went well. :)
I wish I was a cool a kid
Pb & j for breakfast >>>>
we are on the verge of golf becoming Rickie vs Rory.
Did you hear about the guy who had his whole left side cut off? He's all right now.
GOD ITS BEEN A WHILE. BUT CAN I GET SOME FOLLOWERS UP IN HEEREE I MISS YOU GUYS #FollowMe #teamfollowback <33 :)
- you're a couple of stalkers.
I'd love to! :] Caitlin's in ATL :]
Bed time finally
...in philly, there r also many young well-educated families who dont want 2 move 2 suburbs...
Health Centers & Arts at risk too Via CRITICAL budget hearing TONIGHT HS Show up & tell legislators to VOTE for KIDS!
I'm watching 3 different sports events lol
2012 film watching! #27. The Social Network (Fincher, 2010). This film should have won best picture. This blu ray is so great to look at!!
yeah on the way now.smh dnt need to tho.
Congrats, Daniela. You can get the leaf blower by spring.
no matter how much effort i put in
there have been multiple studies that show men do this worse than women. Men just take longer to consider it a relationship
you focus in your job search by Clarifying the Job or Career That You Want. If you aim at nothing, you'll hit it every time.
aint that it! New car, trip to hawaii, new house, and it goes on and on and on.
thanks for the follow!
that is something that we can agree on. I find it hard to believe that they can't get one more game in during the next 35 days.
You know what makes you hot? You seem low-maintenance. And, I don't mean that in a bad way :-)
If I'm going to talk 4th grade books , I must give props to Bearport Publishing.Tons of GREAT NONFICTION!
Make money easy like a layup
When people on restricted call and expect you to answer
I've said it before and I'll say it again: The Seminary Co-op is the greatest bookstore in the world.
awee! That's sweet! I used to love my Britney dolls! :)
mom&#39;s chiropractor?
Great stand up tonight man. Definitely love seeing fellow Angelinos here in Miami
dont we all.
always try to face your fears, doesn't matter the outcome and least you tried.
Based God need to
Mailing address
Benjamin button is basically a four hour or longer movie.... But it was one of the greats :)
Anti-aging toolkit should include MSM which helps fight many age related illnesses.
RT : tapped into archival content & images and has one of most popular pages on
Why are all these porn stars following me?!
okay, even when it is storming, that view is amazing.
love the confidence! Cast/writers/show need Emmy noms! Ridiculous if all of you aren't recognized with awards.
We should remind that this version can only make Skype-to-Skype calls with Wi-Fi connections, not over 3G
getting everything packed to go to Arizona tomorrow and build the sets for my shoot this weekend!
William Ralph Inge~ Many people believe they are attracted by God or by Nature when they are only repelled by man.
thank you for offering such a great position. I hope you have had a chance to check out what I have to offer!
Editing knowledge base articles. Itching for a third cup of coffee…
doesn't look like anytime soon. Best bet if you wanna put this out is to tweak the vid to fit the original recording
if you only knew me...I'D HELP!!!!
actually thank YOU, for your patronage. We love it when our clients are stoked about our service. Cheers!
When have the Packers/TT not drafted for need? Sherrod / Bulaga / Clay / Raji / Perry. I can see Jordy but he was a 2nd.
thank you :)
Someone smells like sun tan lotion I do not mind
Looking forward to joining David Bradley & 400 #CommunityAction leaders from around the country at NCAF's Legislative Conference!
Today is D-Day of the holiday season! We are here until 5pm for last minute gifts and stocking stuffers.
All this and more go to www.unregularradio.com and tune in now!
A very productive day !! working at
Thanks for the mention!
so true. If I hear Henderson say I am the only candidate... I my ears will bleed.
Why? It's them going through it not you.
Friday of memorial weekend Wes. We burn northern ky to the ground again. White castle fo sho
Bout to wash....been putting it off for a week now
YIKES you are RIGHT! I'm now outed as a lapsed nerd, bad fact checker, and johnny-come-lately with political gossip.
So excited I get to see my Bestie this weekend!!!!!
San Antonio Spurs = surgical basketball.
Many states made it easier to try kids as adults in the 80s/90s. Studies have found that the changes haven't enhanced public safety
can you please follow me? :(<3
Way to go! “:great news just raised $1,000 individually! Thats more then my team has made as a whole! #JadeStar :)”
Charles Barkley just gave Bo Ryan some love!
yeah, i cant wait to see how this goes haha
Long beach Antique Market - Your ANTI-MALL shopping experience!
In band class being all rebel like on Twitter xD
#frampton comes alive!
So what new games are you all looking forward to this year?
i dunno why my parents even try to talk to eachother.. you obviously still hate eachother after the divorce
Whoa...Elijah Johnson
Show day! Everyone come out to the 321 Local in Cocoa! We are up first so make sure you get there early! 8 dolla.
take the time you have to be with the people you care about. You never really know how much time you'll have together...
#thataintcool stealing the snacks i hid for myself because you ate yours
Somebody hacked my account today and sent out a bunch of spam shit.
is mad swag deff someone I am going to chill with in the future
Im in tears good night! ! Make sure to have sweet dreams
Can't wait to get your blog!! Looking forward to seeing you soon!
taker easy taker slow don't put you fingers where you nose won't go!
My son is doing excellent in t-ball. Just needs to work on not tackling his teammates when trying to get the ball.
but overall, the pilsner at boston pizza was awesome.
You haven't tweeted in forever ):
#HHANoms Good lord, please be more indicative of actual merit than #Oscars 2012!
Playing FRIDAY night at Belle Isle Brewery with and Fos!
Hannah montana
Pass one my way please!
She just stuck in houstatlantavegas
Ricky Rubio,is a very interesting player
I keep playing with the heater...HOT...cold...HOT...cold!!! Ah! Im going crazy...I should just bring in a sweater :)
Thxs 4 taking the time to read my post. You are right- I focused on one statement. Looking forward to #Yahoo live on Sunday!
Lol Up The Street Where??.
Do your best and forget the rest.
On the final day of the season, The Crystal Ballers are seven points ahead in my rotisserie basketball league.
To anyone looking for me at #bigomaha, I'm the tall blonde. Don't be looking for pink hair anymore.
thank u sir!? My drive just got better!?
Don't forget about College Night tomorrow @ 5pm, see you there! Have a great day :)
Im bored :/
I stole a mannequin from Macy's so I could use the carpool lane. Does this make me immoral?
MAKE FREE THROWS
stay tuned, I'll be posting my new mixes
Watching the #iHeartRadio Music Festival. :)
Happy Birthday ! Have a beautiful and wonderful day. ;-}
When riches begin to come they come so quickly, in such great abundance, that one wonders where they have been hiding during all those...
Congrats! Were your expectations too high?
#ED niggas gossip like lil bitches they needa stop with that bitch shit
turning my amp to 11 today
This 80 year old woman at Caribou looks like a straight up hipster.
Valentine specials go Feb 10-14. 3-course dinner for 2 @ $75. Choices include lobster gnocchi, short rib, vegetable risotto & fromage.
Boo, everyone fell asleep on me. :/
Excellent! Good luck!
Never gonna happen! RT : I'm STILL trying to get drunk. Really could use 's help!! :)
When it's all about who you know , get to know B.C.N. Check us out at www.bcnconcepts.com
Every single day!
When the US went to the moon in the 60s we had a campaign to LEARN how to go to the moon. will do the same 4 space resources
#praying RT : "Amen and Amen!" RT : Lord, bless this application!
They say that there is a smile waiting on the other side of sadness
(( bwahahaha..... so much more fun watching someone else ))
Thanks for reminding us! As they say: "Age of the Geek, baby. Age of the Geek."
I have several friends that are Jets fans, but, oddly enough, they don't like talking about it.
meet & greet passes plus tickets to #CD101DAYSIDEB on the way to win!
i'm fluent in three languages: english, sarcasm, and profanity
<<<<<<< crying out for attention and not being heard.
When pets have wound/surgery they're fitted with Elizabethan collar that stresses pets because of discomfort & hearing interference
Lucy Liu is NICE
In the event anyone asks about negative comments found on the Net, have key messages of explanation prepared
Same with Meg Whitman. Both destroyed valuable companies and became GOP pols.
Good Morning World!! Currently at 8:32am in Atlanta, GA it is 36 degrees. High: 64* Low: 36*
What is the most useful piece of paper you would put in the refrigerator or keep with you? What kind of information would it contain?
Not too shabby.
Not sure I can disclose game details on the Twitters at this time :)
Great PPC class !
"internet marketing for smart people" strategy is to get people into our email lists
hell you doing tho
“: French guy Le Toux wearing pink boots in SKC game. The jokes are too easy.” it usually is. A les le blues!
Mane what I aint never been on no lil boy shyt but at the same time I aint been on no grown man type shit either dough
There is lighting and thunder, therefore I have a LARGE dog under my desk getting tangled in all the computer wires.
do you just love arguing w/ me ?!
Yes, and I know exactly how you feel!
Relieved to finish McCarthy's "The Road". Now I can get on w/ my life nightmare free. But man, it was so good and incredibly sad.
totes girl(:
Let me repeat, its goin down in #ENTOURAGE!
Watching the #OnceUponATime season finale. Will Emma save Henry? Will the curse be broken? Let's see how this all unfolds.
oh i know who she is!!! she's a dickhead
wanna hang out sometime
“Change is not a threat, it’s an opportunity. Survival is not the goal, transformative success is.” - Seth Godin
Ambulance arriving to Emergency entrance after shooting at Federal Building in Long Beach CA
tyranny is already winning, no bueno.
Students always THINK they wanna b an Mpua, but don't realize how crzy it is to date this many grls at once. Most guys just want moreoptions
"Jesus survived without Starbucks." Jack
Great Job! RT : 30 days later and I am a new person! Feel so much better and am 9 pounds and 17 inches lighter too!
A New Buzz Word is Emerging and Everyone, Including Oprah, is Talking About ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
I hope everyone enjoyed Jazz Fest 2012!
Jealousy is no more than feeling alone against smiling enemies.~Elizabeth Bowen
Shit. Me, too.
Sorry dear. :-(
Thug Passion
Handing out postcards at 4th of July celebration downtown Austin last night - guy says "There is no god." My reply? "Bikini contest!"
Ill have to run it by corporate to see what they say. If we do make it you will have to come pick it up though. :p
Good 1st Qtr need to tighten up on that interior defense " no easy buckets"
I like what said on FB y'day: Don't repudiate NC. Go, visit, patronize LGBTQI businesses. Hit the haters in their pocketbooks.
based business home
Watched Wall-E with so good
Also: learning outcomes? Sounds like some sort of Orwellian Newspeak.
having fun in vegas
nice video!
Life is sweet for miss mimi pink:D!
Damn they got new edel Brock bolt on supercharges for muscle cars and trucks. I will be getting one asap
Challenge accepted.
be right there
The moment when your whole office RUSHES to the window to see #Discovery. #spacegeeks (cc: )
Cool, thanks. Wish you could make the CD release. Might be a trek unless you are traveling near DC this April.
And a nice kick by Malifa. USA take the lead 7-5
"Don't Waste the Lives of the Workers!" Kaizen Mgmt.
rescued my dog Gigi, was the best thing to happen to me.. she's totally my bestie <3
I love sherri hill dresses:) <3
Leopard print jumpsuits, Soviet chic suiting, Acid washed jean cutoffs, Ironic tees, Mountain man beards (on 110lbs faces): L train Bedford
All new everything. New ppl, new mindset, mature attitude.
time to wake up and start the day.
My all time favorite was Stylez White. Big fat defensive lineman for the Bucs a couple years ago.
I want it-_-
OAA testing is over. Why the hell do we still have a month of school left?
Yep, my genius at work. Thanks for tweeting Marketing team!
's gift shop is cranking out awesome 70's'-80's TV theme songs
Supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting. Sun Tzu
Lol!U look great!
it would be amazing if opened for Jordan in Atlanta!!
Last hard run before the race done! :)
I'm creating an autoresponder series for my new Isa peeps. Millionaire infrastructure, baby.
#BBN is a family no matter our color or economic situation male or female young or old we r one brothers& sisters that love our UK wildcats
Looking forward to #48HFP this weekend w/ our team name is Perfect Strangers Productions.
Laziness is the habit of resting before you get tired.
You've done the sessions, you've seen the tweets. Looking back, what was your favorite part of #DECALDA?
“: Never underestimate a good parking spot.” or an overcooked rotisserie chicken
hope i get this job.. god knows i need it
Band concert tonight! O hope we play good! Lol
Home home home home home - Where my heart is, until the end of time.
u gon love me n a few wks
Tonight was a good ass, smooth ass night lmmfao..........
Enjoy Mother's Day! /RT : I'm mothering 2 dogs today, so I guess that counts!/You wouldn't have the nipples for more than two! lmao!
Accelerating life cycle in total cost of ownership, key point in analyzing sourcing decision
I miss sunshine ); Summer summer summer
Okay, Campers, I've added/edited tags for all the #sessionideas posts so far. Feel free to edit if you don't like what I picked for you!
Why were starships meant to fly?
A chick once mentioned that she hated Pink Floyd when we were fucking. Only time I faked an orgasm.
God bless you and your family...all of St. Colman and St. Fabian are praying for you.
OR COFFEE AND SUGAR FILLED COOKIES
Knock knock... Who's there? Who gives a shit! #nw-Transit!
what if ya smell the breath through the bag? lol
It's not that's my second.
Life, Love and everything in between.
Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true.
i want to get dis off my chest befor you make an major moves
hey guyysss, well you should follow cause shes cool and she likes mgk ... yeah do it.
It is the sign of a week mind to be unable to bear wealth.
“Shall we make a new rule of life from tonight? Always try to be a little kinder than necessary.” ~ J. M. Barrie
Wow! RT : Big news. Hubert Davis is leaving ESPN and will be an assistant coach at North Carolina under Roy Williams.
dm me your number ;x
I was hoping for at least a few dollars but no such luck.
How's everyone's Monday's going? Whats the plans for tonight? I have some ideas......
lol you're silly bro
I'm really digging Tibalt, not too sure if its just the art or not... I think he will see a decent amount of play.
It's time to take our pursue of Christ to another dimension!
Just add Kansas for the trifecta.
Listening to My God boy you are so talented. I love you! xoxo
CALIFORNIA TOMORROW!!! Are you ready?! #fambam <U+2764> YES :D
I guess I've just been around awhile! Lol Ask to help you too! And def follow lotsa FF5 fans! <3
Think just like me
don't get too cray tonight buddy! Happy Friday have fun!
same message
Stop takin pics of yourself in the mirror, u look stupid
When...WHEN...the #Packers win Sunday, we'll have NFC Championship stuff and #SuperBowl stuff at our store! 608-241-8807
Seriously. In that small little room with the "pimp couch" and the rotary dialer phone.
Twin Anchors is a family friendly restaurant with more than just ribs! Come in to see (and taste) for yourself!
We've got a big announcement on Thursday, March 1. Be sure to check this space for details!
And that's a wrap. Bummed it only took 4 hours and 15 mins. What to do with the rest of the day?!?
Sometimes, you just gotta let go.
We did it!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank you everyone who donated to 's Kickstarter! You make dreams come true.
- you mean "yeah! that's my favorite class!"
Roof closed again tonight. Second-longest #Brewers have gone without opening Miller Park roof to start season.
I'm prolly gonna take some cold medicine in a little bit
how busy?=
Saturday's iPPV VOD had to be recut and produced (in process as you read) from scratch due to the video company's error.
Thankyou so much! :')
In his history of SI - The Franchise - Michael MacCambridge bemoaned a dawning "orgy of saturation [sports] coverage." It was 1997. Scary.
Way to go RC Johnson!!! Congrats on qualifying for #2012olympics #trials2012. Leaving IA now. I will see MN in 5 hours
RT : Why yoga? Because you are passionate about improving the lives of others.
Considering the spelling/grammar of a lot of these people, I suspect "too lazy to read" is you being generous.
Woke up at 1 then Did a little tanning now I'm back in bed waiting some taco bell
who holds my hand in front of his friends, who thinks I'm just as pretty without makeup on,
you right! That bus ride tomorrow...Uh its gonna come to soon
Thank you! Hopefully gonna film another one tonight! :)
LOL I was just waiting for you to say something about that typo. I'm sure you got a ton of comments on that.
I wont. I know I wont because I know how many people I would hurt if I did. But I just don't feel needed right now. And these (c)
perhaps it was created by a Rangers fan posing as a Devils fan for that precise reason. That's the only logical explanation.
It is a lot. Most coffee shops charge about $1.80
Off to sweat it out in Hot Yoga! Brutal but feels so good when it's over
lol so true!
what up!!!
I missed you too!! But I'll be back tomorrow! (: did Laura tell you what happen? /:
thanks already following.
Thanks for the follow! We're back at ya.
also, I've always wanted to visit Sweden! I've heard so many great things (suicide not being one of them :-/)
I'm going to dyke it up tomorrow for my
U got me shine like the sun n the sky guttah that wat the call me spending money like I'm on TV
Fellow Brown grad here. Would love to chat about a poker opportunity. DM or email me at . Looking forward to connecting
So when scripture speaks of praying without ceasing, how do we do that?
Oh god I need help lol, I'm in quite the state.
thank you for the follow, i'll look forward to learn more about marketing automation
Diamond® Cabinets Introduces a Fresh Batch of Kitchen and Bath Cabinet Styles and Finishes
Coaches sign up today find the players you are looking for. We have some talented players on our site.
Whoever said nothing is impossible never tried slamming a revolving door.
Hi John, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
That play was #FANTASTIC !!! Oh my goodness :)
haha that was awesome! We got to skip school, hang out and do arts and crafts
is that really true? Does any garden store sell them? Better than chemical sprays.
I love mumford :)
Never give yourself permission to fail! Here's to Health and Wealth in 2012!
Aw :) don't cry!! I thank god everyday for bringing you into my life
When the hologram version of Dick Clark does the countdown this year, will it also have recently suffered a stroke?
I actually don't :s?
Off to on day 2! Thanks again for having me!
is hilarious. All he retweet is bitches who wanna fuck him #myhero RT?
School was fun
It's funny just how this fight has put you on a record for staying up until 2AM here LOL. CYA later
It's Day 2 at #SportsExposSLC! What are you enjoying at the show? Tweet us pictures!
Wrong ending, but entertaining.
At midnight it will be the 3rd bday of Creative & 5th bday of Meetup! Late night with the crew!
Great performance by Ubaldo today, totally caught me off guard. I was expecting him to get shelled. Hopefully today got him back on track.
Nothing makes us happier than when our clients are happy with our work, makes it all worth it! (Cheesy yet true.)
Listening to Casino Madrid right now. They're pretty awesome.
Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life.
Omg x factor is in providence!! I kinda want to audition but idk
Hey Ravens fans...want to meet Baltimore Raven LaQuan Williams? Stay tuned for a special Chewpon this week for your chance.
President Obama has inspired me to speak out for what I believe is right: Subway is not an acceptable food option.
oh my god the #kissmeagain music video is so perfect! great job and
I think it would make it more realistic, layered. That NYT piece was brutal tho.
Just scampered past a magpie, then stopped & munched an acorn.
yu uh cutie
., do I have the job for you! Social media coordinator for Peekay, Inc., parent company of Lovers, A Touch of Romance, etc.
you and me both
It's my work, what I do, just like a plumber or a doctor. In resentment against corporations, people forget I'm here.
I just found out that Gary bettman was an aepi. so so so embarrassed.
Thanks for the mentions. Much appreciated.
Oh yay, that's great to hear! You're very welcome, and enjoy your new pretties! <3
Tomorrow morning #Miami I will teach my last yoga class as a 20 something. On Sunday, I turn 30!
If a hug represented how much I love you I would hold you in my arms forever <3
shout out to you :D
At first coffee was usually drank by Arab Sufi monks, but by the 15th century it was being used by everybody.
so this july Im gonna travel around texas a lot this is gonna me a fun july for me
The kids next to me in lecture, literally just googled sex and are laughing uncontrollably.
"Follow me for a shout out?" Go fuck yourself and get a life
Thanks! So glad you enjoyed it!
Kobe is looking pissed off with his average teammates
YES! And please take pictures =p
Looking forward to "discover what our God in heaven has in store" for the last Saturday of April.
let's plan a skate date!
Getting ready to watch Dexter - love that show!
RT "If you want to feel rich, just count all the things you have that money can't buy."
I want u to write the definitive piece on Flanny's suicide. What led that beloved, brainy, gutsy man down that dark path?
talk to her man needs a job ;)
excellent talk
Moh! Telling you I go BOX YOU! For continue for fiteye me you geh for sabe me well well lol
why don't we just start our SOL's today? doesn't make sense to me..
Going to the gym with ! Can't wait until summer comes :)
#srsly, I have no idea which I'm feeling more: disturbed, or amused. (see previous tweet)
ps did I mention I throw wrong and by wrong I mean sidearm. This also includes you
To be hurt, to feel lost, to be left out in the dark To be kicked, when you're down To feel like you've been pushed around
Ryan Braun. RT The best performance of the day goes to _______________
stuck at work and will be a little late tonight. Sorry! Bad 1st impression.
Ok...two more donkaments and then my weekend of poker hell will be over...let's have a good score, please poker GODs!
About to get my vitamins P, B, & J
www.stateauthentics.com check out my footwear site.
Hope to see you all out for todays Spooktacular event!
If you want to know why I am an atheist, try reading the bible.
I've developed a great storyline about a terrorist attack but I'm afraid to do anything with it. It'll work.
Lawson with 6 ast and 0 turnovers for the
Who is they? In reality it's a few people running a museum in Boston. So you're holding all of the U.S. in contempt?
No, it is not the latest Tony Horton workout video for cows.
When the minority party offers half the votes needed and the GOP still more interested in torpedoing the bill.
i guess
I'm going to start adding protein to my diet to increase size, so I'll def. be eating more.
At Alterra people watching rather than jamming on my projects. I keep finding myself playing the "how do these people fit together" game.
An impressionistic quintet, jazz inspired quartet, colorful Brazilian trio, & rhythmic duo with U in the audience the countdown is complete!
true but on your blog u can delete posts that u may not like???
I'd love to hear 's idea for artificial gravity. I'm skeptical.
dude you are crazy! I hope you heal soon. :)
What was YOUR New Year's resolution? Have you broken it yet?
The Brazil numbers really surprise me. I would think Brazil economy would be more resilient with all oil revenues etc.
Must start writing now. Must start writing now. Must start writing...now!
Pretty soon the other humanity majors started sneaking off to the Dew Drop Inn for their theological discussions.
Enjoyed visiting Senior living locations in Overland Park and Leawood KS yesterday. Saw some amazing places.
I'm still here haha is my mom almost done
The Great Milwaukee Summer training is underway! We did a customer service brush-up with 115 front-line employees. Milwaukee hospitality!
and i recently became a proud new owner of 1 despite it cost to much
TREE INFO-there is no law requiring competency testing for tree services. look for "certified" arborists that have proven their skills
Did I win anything?
@ gym till i hit 800 cals
This is going to be hype baby!! Can't wait!!
the Coworking For Parents space sounds like a great idea! Happy Monday :)
#badcamp panels node overrides hella sweet
Favorite Christmas movies? It's for research.... and cookie eating.
lol quiet clown so are Lebron fans
Just like he said. . .
Fina smoke then chill with bbyreggie
That is great news! It was nice meeting you. Prayers your way for a new set of lungs!
I may or may not be becoming addicted to working out, and I love it!!
I just saw someone wearing earmuffs...., it's 61°.....
Anthony Davis goes down. Have to hope he's okay
i come to LA take care of me :)
Be your own best advocate.
TheWife and I got TheBoys Christmas and Hanukkah stockings.
You usually dont reply to us who dont spam anyways. </3
The $ pulled you away from us eh? Don't blame ya, but the thought of Slamming one off Evan made ya think :)
spoke with Doug Alfred, Jr, director of 'Glory Days' film. Very happy with the rough cuts!
I know Jackie from Galveston. We went to the same church. :)
I second the motion. Good stuff.
Got the Nikon D5100 today. Time for some collaborations!
