Lol I'm On Ya Trail
Documents in Rangel matter will be available at ethics.house.gov ... the meeting has just adjourned.
My personal experience w/ tweens- they don't differentiate mediums. Hand-written notes = texts = convo.
said he wants to ride my wood!!
Just donated to Children's Miracle Network. Had my pic taken with two beauty queens. The comparisons will not be flattering.
I Will Not Be Fuckn With Downtown With That NATO shit Going On.
So wait, this "Iron Lady" movie has nothing to do with Tony Stark? WTF? *storms out of theater*
I'd advise any Steelers fan to never wear their jersey in any part of Ohio. Keep that garbage out of Wisconsin too.
:) i hope you get 4 more follower <3
This is my first Christmas on twitter!!
Please Please Please Please Please Please Follow Me Alex I Love You So So So Much Please Please Follow Me. ILOVEYOU <3
You know it, homey. Is this Worldwide Wes from Iowa-Grant?
stopped talking to me on christmas eve why? O.o
S/O 2 #MNF sexy ass a lady whos loves the Packers im bout to faint!! Shes now on #TeamPackers!!
No prob, there's no way I can get my 20 year old in on this contest right?
My hairs fuckn 3 different colors^.^
what happened?): Dm me?....if you want!/:
Spent all weekend with totally okay with it.
you're welcome. :-)
Every time i talk to you, i smile like an idiot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
And if I'm gone tomorrow, what was ours still will be. I have have something to believe in, now that I know you believed in me
Then again I also tried to make a joke ab lack of calcium and Vit. D and nobody got that.
Getting tees ready for Check out their booth at the "I Made It Market" in Schenley Plaza tomorrow evening.
I hate taking this bum order. He be so stank.
thank you! i wish there was a discussion/forum option for each group
when a campaign goes viral and your neighbors grandma and her dog are talking about it
fifa for breakfast...:-)
Hey man,this is Mike-the drummer from Pat's church u visited when yr up here in Jax.just wanna say hang in thr-Gods Got Ya!!
Will be at the Press Restaurant in Claremont tonight at 10:00 p.m. We've got some new tunes, so stop on by!
LISTEN TO MY NEW HIT 8 BARS OR BETTER...
Thanks Carly:) RT : Flash Cab is off my shit list. Acknowledging when you're wrong and apologizing goes a long way in my book.
Hannah's creeper in american lit. Lol >>>>>
Wifey surprised me with the new iPad tonight ... Love her so much ... She made my day ... :)
I might be missing something, but I just open the lid on my macbook and it's online. How does adding a phone to the mix help me?
LMFAO I have such a funny best friend!
I think they should put clean-up materials on the el. It is awful when you find yourself sticking to the floor of the train...
I got myself a new pair of cowboy boots today. Yeehaw...
Beat - but excited for Hershey tomorrow with my girlfriend. Right now, though, gonna spend a few quality hours with L.A. Noire.
Pinkish-purple and white room!
HOW DO YOU GET HARRY STYLES TO FOLLOW YOUR TWITTER IF YOU ARE MEETING HIM IN PERSON
My 1st long-form article of 2012 about will be on MyFoxHouston tomorrow. I hope you guys enjoy it as much as I had writing it.
That's a BANG.
Internet Explorer officially holds less than a 50% global market share today. Chrome usage tripled. What do you guys use?
Ha, that commercial where the spider beats that one guy up cracks me up.
If he was still here..
Increasingly becoming inclined to agree...
hopefully I see my baby today.
I won’t take a bullet for anyone because if I have time to jump in front of a bullet, you have time to move.
Man! RT : and was so hyped about it. "this shit so raw!"
RT : Tragedy: (Almost) no one will experience the joy of watching the Apple Tablet announcement ON an Apple Tablet.
Hey guys come 2 the afterparty tonite at RnR hotel after yr show! RT Block Party today at Dupont Circle - 4pm (via )
WAL-MART Specials brought to you by #Walmart slaves!!! FU** Walmart ! The worst most heartless employer ever! Do not help support GREED!
So happy that my fans are enjoying my new music video for "Where Have You Been"! I think something finally passed "I Wanna Go" (; Xoxo <3
why don't we sneeze when we sleep?
": be yourself around me"
it's hilarity when the girl you used to talk to wants to try&be all friendly with your girl friend she used to trip on and hate..
Before im hitting anything .. biiich i need dome first -DOM
Attn local SA fashion designers: UTSA's Paisano is doing a feature on local fashion designers. If you're interested, let me know!
there a designated driver discount?
Rescuers down under on the Disney channel what a way to see me off #questionable?
He ain't dead. just another twitter attempted murder...
Grrr...don't wanna get out of bed -_-
Ur getting spammed called autobots. Block the followers you don't know. The more you tweet, the more spam you get.
let's go aziz on national tv watching #LobCity and Lebron aka I choke every 4th quarter
Experiencing typical post-LA blues. I miss that city.
go to sleep
damn that was very hot and those shoes r tight too homie;)
hey Ryan what's going on with Justin and selena
Happy Birthday!!!
This weekend of R&R is a blessing. I've held up really well tho, Gods been with me. Scrimmage Fri. Hope everyone has a nice weekend
This day is charged with positive energy!!
its official I am the new Mrs. Washington Black Globe International 2011 & will be competing in the Bahamas in for the big one
#ThingsThatGetMePissed Beliebers and the dumb stuff they trend
RT At the altar, reflect "Someday I will walk down a hospital corridor with this person pushing a pole holding a plastic bag"
I see. We love your dribble sturf.
not sure he will be ready next seasonRT : Source just confirmed both Adrian Peterson's MCL and ACL are torn.
A-OK! I've been meaning to call about this biznas that we need to discuss. If you can wait til next month, so can I.... :)
Up early with a cup of coffee in my hand. Busy week will require a lot of focus
school's coming.. :D bye twitter.
have you tried dish soap to get your ring off? Like Dawn or something.
Again Fern tweeted battle, defeat, frustrate, and ruin
Thanks for the follow ! Happy New Year.
Got my copy and i must say i LOVE it. incredible work from you as always mother.
Thanks Tom & Jaclyn! RT : Looks like a great lineup! Great stuff happening in our community.
I went to bed at a better time , yet i'm STILL sleepy !
Nice pair of plants! <3
Watching NU-Mich. Cats would be up huge if they could just rebound.
Ma'am, you probably shouldn't hold up that "marry me, Axford" sign while his wife's in labor.
Online radio shows. :)
watching my boy Steve Billirakis on Final table of the 10k omaha 8
it's pretty great.
RAISE IT!!
Jewelry Is An Investment, Here Are Tips To Help Guide You
Guess I have no new text buddies :(
RT : I don't want to sound intolerant, but I pray to God every night that none of my children grow up to be North Carolinian.
I don't want a kiss in the rain.
My bro has a bag of gummy bears and I took all the red ones cuz those are the only ones I like haha
Amazing weekend. Monday, you suck.
Just "Heard over the Bar". When name of winning horse #19 was flashed ... "Good idea. I had him! And, I'll have another!"
What do I do with this bottle of amaretto but glare at it?
Oh yeah, moms. Mine? No one's good enough for her kids, trust no one, ever. *sigh*
Not the typical musical. Looks more like it's from the makers of Airplane! (1980).
there was no other analogy adequate. lol I tap danced on their faces...I won. Lol
It was a good game cats.! Maybe next time.! Now its #racernation.!
they had to know the site was having problems so you waited till it hit critical #fail and now want a
Mostly The Whole Routine Was Isos , It was mostly , Tick Tick Tick , Tick tick tick tick tick tick tick ! Ah #ABDCmemories <3
Our trip through PA was just for our cats :)
I have joined twitter. I'm a tweeter. So it is said, so it is written.
Thanks. *hugs* I think I'll be better about handling things in a few days when it doesn't feel as intense.
charlie white trash like you needs to OD on methadone
#icantstandwhen I see Obama 2012 stickers on cars. Have you people no shame?
Up and ready for my meeting.
-- my name is I, my problem is LOVE, the solution is YOU # </3
so I take it Dane Sanzenbacher and Nick Reed made the team?
Primary goal in creating "museum different" to change way non-Indian people viewed Indian people &culture.
Congrats! I am so behind!
FUCKKKKKKK i have no choice man, i gotta get it, ive tried not to do certain shit cause of my morals but fuuuuuck.
Lovely to see Jeff again.
sitting here by my self listening to music and thinking.....so madd rite know ughh & gotta do alot of homework somebody shoot me -_-
Watching the pacers game!
About saying f'you to people through prayer? How do u find that funny?
Votto is my all-time favorite Canadian. Although Jim Carrey is pretty cool, too
That is the OG bootleg style! Had the original Megatron when I was a kid. Now he is some sort of stupid space ship.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great
eating my eggs straight from pan with plastic fork #nodirtydishes day
suddenly all my college besties are on twitter! loving this!
"are you really busy next weekend?" lmfao, montell loves mee.
ARE YOU FOR OR AGAINST GAYS?
OUTTA MIAMI S/O TO MY HUBBY ....MEET ME @ THE SPOT :)
Thanks so much!
Haters keep doing your job thanks for the support for my bro we love yall keep hating...haa keep hating lego...
Hee Hee. Uh huh! RT : oh man, I didn't know you could special order different crusts. This is dangerous information.
Creativity vs budget - SEO & Social Media efforts can be implemented yielding high results on the long run, specially when PPC budget is low
I am looking for a talent agent. I need them to submit my project to adult swim. Please
golf writer Karen Crouse tells website she wouldn't want to cover again until Augusta National invites a female member
Thanks! And to you too!! :0)
I understand why people are upset for using govt funds to pay for sex, but also, really? They get a per diem. Who cares?
<3 RT ps amber you look gorgeous in your picture :*
AND ANATOMY CONTINUES TO HAUNT US...
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.- William Shakespeare
Heh. " Seriously, if you want to change a college quietly, don't piss off the writers. They have words and know people."
That's efficiency at work.
RESPECT A WOMAN WITH A BIG PURSE JUST KNOW SHE ALWAYS PREPARED
cant wait to go to skool to see all my friends...the learing part of skool NO!!!!
beauty, brains, #beastmode, sillyness....you're the complete package!
my followers are dead
Oral History Video Project for African American Males will start in May in the Oakland Public Schools.
yay!!! So excited to see!
#CONV11 burial ground for spots here. Time to move ahead to quest. Who is accountable?
Will you be staying at The House of Bamboo?
ok well let me know what you need..when ever your ready
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary
Cheap Mani-Pedi from Nails by Tracy on www.crowdclick.com!
Stay up Dj Ant nice
Ahahaaaa! I LOVED it! We are awesome, aren't we!?!!
It was VP Biden
Dang near got lost today on campus smh...
I don't know if it's just me or what, but I kind of get sad seeing all these pictures Cody & Greyson post because I wish I was there...<U+2665>
worked lots of diff hospital wards, know that stare anywhere : )
:) RT : how did you know I was on your website yesterday? You must have ESP. I love anything that loves
": Shit i do for you i dont for anybody ;"
going fashion crazy. Need a makeover asap. Wanna help me?
i will go with u if u want!
Wow. That was one intense episode of Glee!
How about 200 followers by Opening Day of LSP!? RT please!
are you ready for a good game?
Tartuffe,Barefoot in the Park,The Last of the Red Hot Lovers, & read plays by GeorgeBernardShaw & OscarWilde
If this kid bumps into me one more time there will be a fatality at subway.
How did I end up drunk?
Agree w/ the primary rule of simplicity (just keep swiping) via , but also support pushing the envelope for interactivity.
Great bumping into and sharing conversation last night. And thanks for the milk shake!
to listen to a panel about attending neighborhood schools in
you will keep the same DA. The new plan will start at the begining of your next billing cycle.
Rum! Tee shirts on sale! Friends, family and lovers!
love the songs we chose
Just experienced the new (new to me anyway) #evernote #FF plug-in clipping behavior. Slick!
to Band practice! Officially a voting member for the Grammys!locking myself in a cave to listen to every song to vote!nominees
Ok, SO excited to go see Bat For Lashes tonight @ the crocodile! I will be screaming like a little girl!
Querying for one of my other books. Waiting to hear back from an agent who requested the full manuscript!
Im looking really #SwaggedOut right now got #cool skinny jeans on my #awesome hat my #raw shirt and my #beast shoes now im ready to go
Go Tribe!
Had a dream last night that my friend and I pissed off a Polish factory. Hilarity ensued.
#20ThingsAboutMe 1.I dont hold grudges im not that type of person
This #Noesi Inning: Flowing past in an endless stream.
It's Fabulous Fan Friday.. Again! Where did this week fly by to? What's on your agenda for the weekend? Work or play?
I can now say-I've Read the Entire Bible! I also C that God sent Jesus 2 save God from Us as much as He sent Jesus to save Us from We!
This test tweet goes out to all the python scripts watching my status updates.
What a day at the office
#RedCross is taking # donations for victims of the
looking 4 hair & makeup artists 4 Apr3rd scholarship program in #Baltimore; volunteer your services for experience & advertising returns!
aight good. Well i hope we get this
I'm glad you liked it :) I think it's a great movie too.
Thanks for the RTs!
DESPERATE=DENIAL, which means telling lies 2 every1 & makING urself believe what ur sayin is true, when in reality, its NOT!
Join the "Cowgirls Suck Club" (x
#NP Big Pun - Beware
Co-authoring Lex's first tweet EVER-hes excited 2 be a part of the Twittersphere! Reviewing www.PromolastEvents.com +Fanfest!
what do u need?
Nap time?
LOVE IT :)
If you're not talking about getting fucked up, you are fucked up. I think you have a problem.
Have you ever considered a career in Sales? Send me your resume and I can email you the info:
:((( i cant enter im not thirteen :( im so so so close though
Humbly we HONOR the Purple Heart Day. On this day we remember & recognize those willing to serve our country. Thank you brave souls.
maybe Elin Nordegren should play golf. with a swing like that. or maybe baseball i dont know.
IKr ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
WE ARE 12!!!!! YOU DONT KNOW WHAT LOVE IS! ffs.
love GAF! “: Happy Ghost Adventures Friday! RT this if you're excited for our new Return to Linda Vista episode tonight!”
no!!! How can that be an accident!?
“: Talked to two AL evaluators today who strongly believe Rangers are the best team in the majors.”Any Tigers fans disagree?
BABY COME BACK! Message me if you need to talk! <33
Beautiful Freaks has been stuck in my head the past two weeks! A big thanks goes to and
its so hard to forget about the past tho ..
is having our annual Padres game and tailgate party this Saturday! So excited! GO PADRES!!!!
I think he is going to skip the nba and join the cast of true blood
i did look cuz i thought he was! plus hes my favorite btr person! i love him! and i really care for him!
you just got a new one.
You should connect with if you aren't already connected - he works at YouVersion!
hahaha i think she said fuck about 20 times too so awesome! lmao demi lovato was so funny too
I followed back! ^-^
Faviorite song right now : canibal by ke$ha! She's so funny !
Considered taking the day off and resting....but decided I'd rather work. So much to do, so little time. Driven, motivated and focused.
Always interested in ex-cons who've turned their lives around. Use the contact page on Going-Straight.com.
Heading to wet Willies to meet my loves :)
YOUTUBE and SECRET AGENT RA-RA will be HOLDING MITT ROMNEY'S FEET TO THE FIRE. MITT will be walking in the FIRE WITH TONY ROBBINS. NLD MOM.
You gotta love love the "don't help them" christian philosophy.
been at a discipleship training program. It's 6 months long home for the weekend then back for 3 more months. Things r great
RT who your favorite merchant is!
hey um you guys should probably tweet otherwise just get rid of Twitter
I'll be anxious to hear the reviews!
Soledad I'm tired of seeing your three men 'w' panel more than the fair diverse panel!
Thanks for the RT.
The clouds opened up and the light burst forth. Diamonds of hope and pearls of joy glistened in the sun. The taxes are finished.
Thanks for the info....glad it's getting rescheduled. Hope you at least enjoyed the warm-up pics from yesterday!
One of our work-study students just started a campaign for a library cat. I'm so on board.
Uncovering the roots of bitterness and shame is hard to do. But it is a necessary step for you as you move to
It feels like Sunday. I kind of wish it was Sunday...
Hoping to attend tmrw's lunch & learn, but not sure yet. Otherwise, I'll try to make the a.m. coffee hour or Saturday's clean up.
oh yeah, you probably eat a lot better in Memphis then in Cali I tasted the difference in food with I went to Ohio :)
Thank you for all so eagerly awaiting my announcement -- I know you are going to love it!
"The rain in Spain falls mainly on the New York Stock Exchange." - Thurston Howell I
When managing employees , what if the numbers do lie? What if the only way to measure performance, was to use qualitative data?
Today’s African Proverb (5.10.12) Where food is free, many will come. (Yoruba) Like Unlike
Um just cuz yall are bald headed and always been , doesn't mean I was
i hate the high school ways of some of the paleo community. i stop being able to find people relatable or likable for that matter
I see absolutely nothing wrong with that
who cares haha and no stupid hoe would be <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8> baba
I was trapped in the corner of the shower for like 10 minutes cause the water got really COLD!! ): #trapped!!
Next week will be my 11th year at #SXSW music week! Can't wait. Always a #goodtimeatsxw... Good for business too.
Im already rich as a bitch cause I claim it # GM
just got home from washington D.C it was crazy made it to the FINALS I think i have a new good luck charm my rosary beads
Okay bye now.
A #fantasyfootball filled #ChristmasEve... What could be better?
Heading to for a staff photo shoot
congrats!! :D so happy for you guys!
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. -David Brinkley
Watching CSI in the dark >
Oh you mean who thinks hes going to meet and date ? That fool? ..
If anyone needs an Ark, I Noah guy.
Forgetting you is no easy thing, each night for me always ends the same.
at the MABPA luncheon for my internship networking and learning about the education challenges at both the k-12 and university levels
thanks for the follow! Have a great weekend with your little guys!
Snatching defeat from the jaws of victory (or the other way around) derived from a game just like this. Ugh.
I'm equipped with the best of Disney princess movies! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
Stop sub tweetin so we can box lol
bahahhaha shit would have been funny if he really said that lol
it IS erotica. But people have no idea what is in a lot of books these days.
what happened to u?
the winky face is making me think sarcasim
You too! Cheers :-)
Any time is a good time for cupcakes, my friend! I'm seizing the moment.
Thanks, Bryan. Would have enjoyed it, but spent a great weekend with old friends. Maybe next time. Glad it was a good one!
why not bro?
If Google had *really* blacked out all of its services in protest, now THAT would be a statement
A6: actually thought sports was slow to adopt. Entertainers were quick to embrace e.g. Jimmy Fallon
Had any one heard any thing on drew
Give me one more follower and I'll follow one more person....I hate uneven numbers. Sounds silly but I'm dead serious.
Is Doris your constant?
That packs up my schedule though :p oh. my. god.
Dear God! My eyes! But I still love you.
Matt, theres a 25% chance this falling #satellite hits Fred Smoot; he covers the 25% of earth not covered by water
needs to post that pic.
I want pink denim!! Totally have been on the hunt.
#Depression mode activate...
have a great day! and thanks again for extra
In the basement of the Historical Society. Love these quiet corners surrounded by dusty pages. Researching: Beaver Magazine, 1934-45
“: RT : Chaz Bono to be grand marshal at 2012 " so proud of you!
lets do it manager man!
Not sure its worthy of that ringing endorsement, but thanks!
Damn! Rainbow In The Dark, yo.
happy bday ugly
yes you should lol
Happy Earth Day!
Some hippie thing about trees or some shit?
My reaction to each new episode of Downton Abbey remains pretty much the same: "Poor Mr. Bates!" And also: "Where the f**k is Lady Sybil!?"
just saw this tweet....I guess ricky martin likes me too
I turned it off in the third inning. It's easy w/ no
AND I gotta get up early and get this work done in the morning smh
Im very comfortable in my skin. . All my gfs saw me butt naked b4, becuz I dnt care & I use to flash them ctfu
Great book! Also, thanks for the great set of music this year at One of the fest's highlights for me.
yeah I can't wait to write letters :D and that's an awesome saying just like
I think they made a song about that thing that your doing
I wussnt n the mood two beqin with then my fuckinq dad makes it worse I had two qet the fuck away from him.!
NFL Draft... Got my mock set up.
thanks Jamie. Still have to seal the deal on one of them though haha.
I was hoping #TheSecretCircle wouldn't get cancelled it was my favorite show on TV. Wish it could be on another network. :(
oh my gawd! Too much cute-ness!
Appreciate the FF Alex!
My girls' new favorite app on my iP is Bee Bot. They will patiently & with great perseverance work through all of the programming levels.
Congrats on finishing. Where are you going to teach?
I know huh? Lol. They are nothing without the little people.
RT : Where you at Houston we're right down the road in Pearland at the Badfish Bar & Grill! COME PARTY!!!
6 adaptations to the education labor model that schools can use to improve learning and save money. See my New Schools VF preso for more.
Going to be getting my horn cleaned today! Been kind of stressing with things again, trying to feel better. How is everyone today?
New song: a thousand years, christina perri (really hit close to my heart )
How balming is that, for everyone?! Weepifyingly. And then celebrate moms all the more.
hopIng you'll do some special guest coahing appearances at BTBC ;)
Eventually, I guess you find out who people really are
It was the greatest. Green, with yellow letters. I think the league has switched colors to white and navy blue now :)
Karmin aggravates me.
Ah yeah, I was referring to the corporate-speak style one, not a reference to the toilet.
Retailers can also prompt people across media with an exclusive offer to them which can then be measured at checkout
I do that twice a day tops!!!!
In the little box on my profile it gives people who are similar to me: (Yayy!:) (...... yay?)
time to visit the church of fitness... the gym.
when will you be in NY?
For God's sake, don't turn around. Uh oh!
You flying out tomorrow, right?
Utah-made rocket motors to power new space system
yeah it was! I think he thought he was invisible!
Retweet if you're thinking about retweeting this tweet :D lol.
Headed to the Cricket store to get a hustler phone
Does anyone know a truckload carrier that will move household goods, or a good van line??? I had to fire my moving company, and need to fi…
RT : Which is better ? Sex or Food ?<< Sex but since I'm celibate till marriage food totally does it for me.
When guys lead you on but then you realize that they tell a lot of the girls they talk to, the exact same thing they say to you..
But it's wednesday, baby why you calling?
We love the Moon. RT : Hey, Raleigh peeps, check out the Isis moon right now. It is amazing.
he was awesome with the orange men
RT : Countless waves, honks in support of #farm #workers, Fair #Food from the ppl of
It is pretty hard to figure out how to delete stuff in Sharepoint, I have to say.
it's just one thing ! haha
I was really busy this week. what about you folks?
Add bananas into the mix and see what happens.
Don't blame me for that speech last night! Barack changed up some of the syntax and his cadence was WAY off! Plus the teleprompter was slow!
Nothing like eating oreos and milk while watching a movie on a Wednesday :)
Can't wait to hear President, speak at BIS 2011! We are sure it is going to be an amazing event!
And forcing a free man to sit still in a room is usually considered evil. Unless he's in prison?
I am a hair stylist and we lost our water, not power. I called the nearest salon and asked if I could use there sink.
I am keeping Time Warner. You are already ripping off fans with outrageous ticket prices. I guess I'll root for the Brooklyn Nets
You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars. - Gary Allen
thanks jo :) been crazy but very exciting!!
~ for show! Great performance !
I'm gonna pee my pants when I hear #GladYouCame on glee tonight!
We invite everyone to visit the wonderful, wonderful on 45 Bond Street to sample authentic Catalan food in NYC
Oh , love how you just tweeted a photo doing Edward 40hands like it's it no big deal. Standard.
Now watching Garden State. There are so many just really deep scenes in this movie Great Story scripting Cinematography never gets old
Why can't Jon Gruden be like he is on QB Camp on MNF? I like him joking & rippin guys not gushin over how great everyone is.
Shake that healthy butt
If I hung out with Dale Thayer and Cole Hamels, I could see Cole trying to kick a cat for fun and Dale like, "hey, dude, no. Cats are cool."
that it's all a fantasy. But now that the lines have been drawn and "reality" is starting to permeate the
Sunday night celtics and your boy?
Not like u could've checked validity of photo before ruining ur credibility commenting on it
There is a reason my Senior year high school quote was a Biggie lyric.
Ninja Warrior is at #FIU and I forgot my ninja gear!
well, that is definitely a bonus. but it's the spice house!
yeah that's true too...
Then how come I'm not making $507,540 a year?
Cannot wait to talk to my babe tonight(: most exciting part of my day.
We will thrive if Jumpstart stays the course. We must make bigger investments in programs like Jumpstart DC.
1916 rebel music...
Austin already follows me
nope, I had to miss that one, but i'm glad to be coming back!
it is nt dat serious... Cut it out...
How well do you feel your sales and marketing depts communicate?
na Camerons best one is in his dads office with tight jeans flannel shirt and a cowboy hat lmafo!!
My cold abated enough for me to return to the gym this morning!
Today: Intl. Paper Session-hear about successful literacy initiatives in libraries around the globe. Hilton Riverside-Rosedown,1:30pm
The blade there begins as a deadly rollerderby weapon and becomes a part of her. She becomes her own signature weapon.
bruh.. the one TRU key of wisdom in a relatioship is..
wow!!! yes it is sunny and very warm lol...when does it warm up there?
it's about TIME. love the show. ok.
Zimmerman arrested?
he's ADORABLE
Don't forget about our free custom guitar strap giveaway. Go to www.guitstripsguitarstraps.com to enter
#bednarz Like the 3-part approach. L to R good idea. Good use of color coding.
Who else is watching Terminator Judgement Day??!!
The should have voted off Jessica "Beaver Teeth" Sanchez & J-Lo from American Idol!
I Capture the Castle (Dodie Smith). Eccentric family in 1930s, teen narrator, by author of 101 Dalmatians
pierre retarded!
In my opinion Scott has one of the best voices period!
Day off. What to do?
MT : Amid hoopla re: TIME cover, I was most struck by the fact that they still publish TIME! Imagine. [that's where I am LOL]
Thanks, Mason! We had fun! RT : was fantastic at tonight. So much fun.
Fully functioning Hospital Floor and st floor walls up in Poccent Virtual Hospital
RT : #utilities should sponsor an interface that lets you pass marginal savings on energy to social causes via Facebook
I'm hillarious I swear lmao
Yeah, but does he have the hair for it? Its all about the hair when you go Travolta.
Sorry! That was a total faux-pas. I got momentarily desperate in a moment of PM low blood sugar. FroYo for everybody!
3-3 #GOPACKGO get some of this.Clay sack Eli twice.Bring it.
#partay, indeed! Can't wait!
"I made John Mayer a star and created Uranus"
I'm going on a run & if isn't at my house by the time I'm done my #crazygfprobz are gonna kick in & I'm gonna punt a small child.
Trying to understand why I attract all of the whack jobs.... What did I do to deserve this??? My karma should be good
Use scar creams like Keloid Care after a surgical procedure to help avoid keloids.
Upward Motion Personal Training brings ‘Weight Loss Coaching’ program to the weight loss battle in Albuquerque.
Check it our Who
Will do!
Um.... #SMASH ???? That finale was #themost and not in a good way
The weak ass Lakers wants no problems with KD. Period.
Let's go New York Football Giants!
Better than when we improvise like we're the only one who has a script.
took our age difference into account and decided to upgrade me, not A humane company :-)
not really but yeahh
First draft FINISHED! Party dance, party dance!
One time I got trapped INSIDE my prof's office because the door knob fell off when the door shut behind me.
Obviously, she's never been on #Howell Mountain. Her comments are an indication of what she has been "smoking" not drinking!
not too late to win Tix to Summer Social 8/24! be rewarding community leaders for feedback. bit.ly/rhPsFt
The world according to Mitt: "President Obama didn't create 249,000 net new jobs. He just made them worse."
my stomach feels like its about to explode!
If you would read your email u could have called in an order or just given me your cc. Have u finished your wine list yet?
LOVE the bubble wrap on !!!
You are gorgeous and I love you very much!
Thank you for the follow d00ds!!Digging the sound as well ,keep it up:)
got ya babe
any info we can find on the Yowie ancient past legends articles or news websites etc we can read up on?
no you don't. and be quiet!
Looks like ABC is the winner
Just kinda wondering how the US - the largest arms dealer in the world - can with a straight face try an arms dealer ...
You charged me just to check my balance at an ATM? Goodbye , I've had enough of your horrid service.
Roses were a "no show" at the Rose Garden during last year's Rose Festival...different story this year. Next on 11pm
LOL...have I ever told you that you crack me up? I did eventually haul myself out of bed. Make myself useful? Debateable!
thank you! Well catch up son
just finished watching the last ep of #gameofthrones It makes me want to learn to use a sword little the little girl :D
nice I miss my pool @ the apartments.
??? I don't get it. Maybe I missed the photo. Hope everyone is okay. I like that you visit Station North so much.
PLEASE tell me you saw the last #Revenge !
#ItGetsBetter, but we have to keep fighting for the progress!
GM randy
I was listening to Delorean and thinking "wow, this is bad." But their songs make me happy and want to dance. :D
Also and I just disagree on whether guilt justifies lynching but I still feel morally obligated to say it doesn't.
Where's my mistresses <33
Good morning!
Worry about tomorrow just enough to be moving toward your goals. Worry about how much effort you put in today for everything you do!
i've never seen it happen at this scale, Twitter is against it in their TOS. It's obv not illegal...
After yesterday's loss to the Twins, the Brewers are 9-8 and still in third place in the AL East.
thanks for the feed on the mixtape bro preciate it
Darn. Boston has a ferry to the airport as part of its metro system. And I took the lame subway. So ist das leben.
Nine Inch Nails = NIN and Jane's Addiction = JA put them together and it is the NINJA tour as they are touring together
I love you :)
Can i use your wireless?
I'm watching hills have eyes and I thought I saw you in it singing the star spangled banner!! So weird.
AHAHAHA.. miley cyrus is just one freaky little girl!
Follow me back? ;)
not having to put up with peoples shit & complains , there negativity & bringing you down . I HATE my life and ending it sounds like i would
I can't wait to lol.
Getting very busy! Send over your rush orders. No extra charges. Rush Orders Normal Turn Around: 4hrs. Email:
¤ Keep true to the dreams of thy youth. Friedrich von Schiller
#CATDADDY + #CLUCK = HEAVEN
Only a few more hours until the madness begins. Wherever you are, let the Hoosiers feel your energy!
o thats incredible- i will def start working on it- is it possible to have him send me the lyrics- if not thats fine-
Perfect day for yard work. Not too hot or cold. Not too sunny or cloudy. Another nice KY day.
RT : Complete this sentence: My favorite spot on a ship to watch sailaway is _______.
The relationship in a story can lead to more meaningful learning
I'm loving it @ wk watching Norfolk St. do their thing beating Mizzou
let's move back Cal!
shoes or chocolate covered strawberries lol. They r yummy huh. U got vday dinner too. J missed out.
Every time I see that car commercial with Braxton and his confidence I laugh
“: I think I wanna go to O.A.R. concert, but I don't listen to em enough.” You will have a BLAST if you go. Guaranteed.
Bergen Record: Kids get ready for camp & homesickness issues in The Record 4/14. Discusses book, Bug Bites & Campfires by Frank J Sileo PhD.
"Be who you are and say what you feel. Those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind."
hey girl you dressing up for Halloween???
Pacific joining West Coast Conference, leaving Big West. WCC will now have 10 teams.
Thank you!
great! Gn sweetheart.
wow really? Seems like they would "bee" everywhere haha. His body was as big as half my thumb!
CLUB ALLSTAR TONIGHT
1/2 price taco salad today from 5-10 and Bongo tonight at 9:30! $$, prizes and beer!!
Going to sleep because I'm upset and when I'm upset I sleep.
I am sad an unhappy with things that are happening in my life right now but,greatful for my life .
that is great you got more points off Coach Remen, he is a hall of famer and an awesome racquetball player.
God morning!!!!! Happy Friday :)
forget that last tweet
. with offseason program, doubt Shields isn't back to where he was year 1 and hopefully improved.
he wanted me to walk him, feed him and pay attention to him!
Virginia Street Bridge Design Review Committee starting -- choosing recommendations for aesthetics to recommend to public and city council.
damn false alarm
Museums on Us>>Free admission for Bank of America card holders during the first Saturday and Sunday of each month.
Santa ate all the pizza we left out and left us a stocking of sausage! Merry Christmas pizza lovers!
RT : This Thursday, mention APA while dining at any of Mama Fus restaurants they'll make a donation to the "no-kill" cause
why run to the internet & talk about people when you can just address that person face-to-face ?
YOU KISSED MY HAND(:
we're promoting in new york this week, hows new york this time of year? what you think about Caliburr Records?
so if i keep speaking that truthful ish....i could br the young oprah
A cool grand!!!
Stop living in a fantasy world people. At the end of the road of life your fantasy life means nothing, just time wasted.
No Problem.!(:
Band Practice tonight. Love it !
At an actor networking event and Dog The Bounty Hunter is outside! Phew, I just slipped through! :) he is a big little guy!
Sounds great, in theory. Could be just a bunch of laser hair and salons.
Only getting 3 hours of sleep <<< #damn <U+E403>
we're running into problems with audio and powering down
Two 1hr sessions of negotiation...I'm done.
#BestHorrorMovieDeath The Leprachaun when the pot of gold is inside the old dudes stomach.
To be fair of course, #stlblues underlying numbers phenomenal this yr. LA 3-0 lead still surprising even if teams closer than seed indicates
Lately, PETA has made me want to go back to eating meat on principle.
i'm fine. just tired of riding in a car.
Last day to post a video telling us why you'd go Mad for an iPad for your chance to win an iPAD 2! 4pm is the deadline
RT NOT one to read in public! Needs brown paper cover
is AWESOME! He IS the winner of The Voice!:)
I think this might be love.
Is about to do some homework
and you suck. Onto coffee number 2..
bless up Goddess
IT´S OFFICIAL! has partnered with the to bring you the best program to date! Join us before tickets sell out!
Post instant location-based classifieds on our free app & update SD on your happenings! We can show you tomorrow @ 57degrees
JSCre8tions , create a memory not a dream ! THE BRAND COMING SOON!! #FREE your mind now
Last night with Sad
soon as we solidify our director dates will be announced, but most likely early to mid fall: )
#dolphins Still deserve lap dances on me ....... Or with me ;)
SUCKS....GOTTA WRK TMRRW...DAMN WISH I CLDA WENT TO DA 'A' WIT MY SUPERMAN...DAMN..GOTTA MAKE DIS $$$$
Haha Dammit she may be right but I also got pictures to back up my point at least.
Third place secure for the Arsenal. Sun shines just a little brighter today, friends.
My sentiments exactly! Heart of the order RT : Remember when you felt confident with Crow coming in? That was awesome.
Sick of stress.
Cool. I want to see it!
"The most lasting Honors of All are those which your own Family Bestows on You." --O. A. Battista... I am so Very Grateful for My Family:)
Bastyr University is opening a San Diego campus this Fall! I want to work there in winter. I could start up a Detox deliv biz for you?
Tree of Life wins Palm d'Or!!!!!!!!!!!! Happiest Palm d'Or decision in years!
I meant baited
Andre Miller has the most stealth lob pass in the league. I bet he could sucker punch you before you knew you were hit.
Looking forward to seeing on
RT I miss house music. You can only listen to "the Irish rover" a few times.
Wade Phillips = dead man walking
Very proud, Janet, and I will indeed say hello to Norm and Elaine from you. Hope you are well.
&#9755; Great Deals on Computer Speaker Camera Protect your Liberty
The real problem with QR codes is that you don't know what to expect, a website? FB page? What will be on it, ads?
We still have 60 left! Hurry and grab your coupon code before they're all gone! www.blastoffnetwork.com/deal.aspx
MERRY CHRISTMAS hun
that early morning text was meant for my cousin abt church!!! Hope I didn't wake u! Show me love :-)
in multiple ways!
(JaclynNorth), thanks for following us on Twitter!
What's happening what's up got Gatorade n my cup! All day marketing baby #fashion #dope threads
Will totally get more details to the email addy! At a marketing conference for the next 3 days so it might be a bit delayed. ;)
everyone should read those torture memo Bush Cheny Rumfeld were having psychological moments what happen to manhood the law has been broken
So happy to be home!
bro...you CAN'T be serious. That's just insult to injury...
a Stanford boy with all them gators lol
Ha RT : Rams take CB Janoris Jenkins with 39th pick in the draft. Will Jeff Fisher call him "Pac-Man Jr."?
"Art is dangerous. It is one of the attractions: when it ceases to be dangerous you don't want it." Duke Ellington, born 4/29/1899.
I agree 82% is low. Abstract mentions " women are more likely to friend based on knowing someone in real life", so males r 2 blame?
get behind me, Satan!
hello there. Lol
Andre Miller looks like a bunny <U+E52C>
Wisconsin's Groundhog Day (ala Bill Murray) ends when Walker is ousted. We'll finally quit reliving hate and oppression each day.
Admittedly, not yet, but in 10-15 years we'll probably all be wearing Web 4.0 social, battery-charging iThongs.
Ready to have a great night <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
hand is by far raised. :-)
: Oh my. In a weird way though, it does make me miss the Lincoln Park Trixie Society… Reminds me of "Chad"
what's up with the color on the screen?
Then We Buy Fajitas.. Anbd invite Ray.. Cuz he Said " NO FAJITAS.. WE LIKE TACOS"
We're hoping to get a pitch spot one of these days.. stay tuned!
Oh my god. I think my neighbors bought a karaoke machine.
yeah thats very true.
Anthony Bourdain makes sense about Paula Dean,cold to come out after 3 years when you have an endorsement deal.Just true!
yeah, that's a little weird. Are you sure the site still exists?
I can't do #BandsILove in only one tweet. Need more than 140 characters for that.
Attended the national convening of families and advocates working to end life without parole for juveniles in DC
82 Americans are killed by gunfire every single day. Today over 80 families are mourning a death that could have been prevented.
was, yet again, wearing running shorts and a vneck. Good day, good day.
That makes two of us--good luck and have fun!
Lovin the sun:)
we put subtitles on a film and thats how they spell it, and shes says it all the time and you typed it horrible.
I just saw a lady wearing a shirt that said "Swagga Mom"
Candle lovers you gotta see these! Hottet new thing in candles!
Have you heard about Coloci? www.coloci.com?
nahh, i have a box of pizza with me
of is the highlightnof #aapindie w NYT Bk of Wine & the World Atlas of Beer & Wines of Southern Hemisphere
My parents left me home alone again this weekend. o:
Justin & Beliebers Justin
I will give u guys a task next week! For now, we have to try to get the page to 1,200 :)
I-I love like a love song baby. <U+2665>
Jorge's big camera has moisture issues. Not currently working.
ever play axis and allies?
my house!
Paul Gatza has the most glorious unironic Kenny Powers mullet I've ever seen.
Its hot
Throwing your cigarette butt on the ground or into the harbor still counts as littering FYI
6 days left to be a part of CONSUMERS. After that, you're just a consumer.
-So Excited for you!!! Big things love! xox
Pretty bitches can only get in my posse
javier of corse
what's going in at i4 -hwy 27 west bound off ramp
They have quiet cars? That is like a study in the lunch room. You are in an 100 ton vehicle with 150 decibel horn.
Do something today you've never done before.
are you our presentation leader.??? Because I know Bradley isn't lol
Be The Change In Your City! Follow us and let us know what needs to be done to better your city, we need to hear your voice
Badging (recognition) for product review writers increased # reviews by 5x at one co. -
Totally agree. Let's every player and coach they will be held accountable.
The Aquifer tonight, dj Kaoss and myself in the mix.....
the message you just sent me changed my whole mind about you
adding different layered sections, so that no all are doing the same thing!
I agree with you! Really cool idea, and so nicely done.
Oh what a day when we unite as one - Bob Marley - Beautiful morning!! :)
TRS welcomes the 2012 New York / New Jersey Superbowl!
Watching a doc on photographers of National Geographic. I want that job.
Can't beat this stupid cold and day or night quil is not working or musinex.....I need help dang it!!
*waves* Quiet in the archae lab, students off for holiday week. Wishing a muse would inspire me back to creative writing.
I wish 2Pac was alive...I just wonder what kinda fire he would be spittin' today .
“: lilq824 Plus they haven't finalized their AHL contract yet with the Hershey Bears..” Forgot about that..
Happy Valentine’s Day! We <U+2764> every single one of you!
also, CAN WE TRAVEL TOGETHER ALREADY. gah.
Outlook for 2012 for San Diego. Cautiously good. Weak growth, new jobs added, but still 9% unemployment. Gin.
had an informative and productive meeting with one of newark's finest this afternoon Thanks for your commitment to our efforts
working on a new track
Maybe it was an accident, sure, but if it wasn't it was a selfish thing for him to do.
I want to live the healthiest life possible.I want to feel great. I want to be strong and look and feel good.
I am hyper but tired. Weird!!!
And thank you! Hope you're having a wonderful week :-)
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain. - Lily Tomlin
I just realized I have ONE day till my bday.... WTF
Would you watch if I was in it? And have you taken a practice test yet? Let me know if you need anything while studying.
Listening to a mixture of bands(System Of A Down,Rancid and A7x) while drinking pepsi. Then cant wait for raw to come on at 9:)
It's 5:18 am maybe I should consider going to bed at some point.
Lovely to be on bike today in 70 sunny degrees
i love the way you make me feel about myself ! luv ya austin ...
You know you have too much to do at work when you can't focus on your book during break cuz of all the stuff when you get back.
I hate Lou Williams, he is on par with nick young in the basketball iq department #Sixers #
RT : There are 90 events happening in 42 countries, during the wknd of Universal Children’s Day Nov 19 - 21 for
Sitting outside on a bench at lunch, lady sits down next to me, despite plenty open benches around, then lights a cig in my face! SO RUDE!!!
BLACK is beautiful
Lance Armstrong called (via Twitter) the TT route “EPIC” from the Tour of Italy. Most of this course is on a virtual cycling DVD from GR
Hello and team at on Boylston St, Boston. You always amaze me with your passion for the bean :)
Bitches beefing, that's cool just give me mine w/ red wineweda_beautyiconwe
Today Jesus died for me and my sins! Today I live for Him!
Ugghh bleach spilling in your trunk is no bueno :-(
Oh how I empathize. You free on 4/21 at all?
yea but its a fact lol no1 will ever top an adele song! And thts an FACT.
New movie idea: Man wakes up...Man goes to sleep...Can someone say Oscar?
can you please email your question to ? thanks!
Can you guess which famous celebrity our chef cooked for back in the day (hint: he lived in L.A.)
Al Bundy is a true American hero
oh no Sue, that's no good! I haven't been on much so hadn't spotted you missing
is contemplating the necessary apparatus to get a penguin airborn.
RT There's no "creative" way to arrange 29 sponsor logos. Let it go, walkathon t-shirt designer.
I finally caved in at the suggestion of my fellow Don G cast members and am now playing draw something. I'm Akloc. Start a game!
Introducing our new and improved AEGIS GlassHandlers! These “cups” feature an ergonomically-designed, lighter handle that gives you...
According to this infographic, the need for speedy information has made Americans quite impatient. 50% of mobile users abandon the page...
I only check my voicemail to get rid of that annoying little icon
Welcome to twitter. I just joined on Wednesday. Apparently all the cool kids are doing it.
Wait til you hear what did with Record is amazing!! If you don't know Itch you aren't nearly as plugged in as u think
That's cause you're not a lady
Orange & purple ftw
I'd like to know if any of my followers are my age or older. So 17 or older...
im finna get a bike when i get back
it as porn and lol cats what else could you need
Joe's a good QB, just not the best.
Do I win anything for matching one number on my mega millions ticket? Ha.
yeah* not tag haha
Good friends don't let you do stupid things...alone.
I received my vogue catalog & there is a white pants outfit in there, I want to make into a skirt it awesome
i don't think the maintenance he's citing would include all re-landscaping after unforseen events like a line break
“: #Bullsfam who is your favorite all time #Bulls player? Favorite all time #NBA player?” RODMAN
haha, I submitted that update a little over a week ago actually.
trying to decide what to do next
Man harley davidson be makin some clean choppas..but I think I'm to tall for a motorcycle
Soo My Crush Is Going Out With The Shortest Girl In The 8th Gradee -.-
A meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are lost
Have you created a profile on www.knowledgesafari.com? Connect w/others, read/write reviews & more!
hey umm what type of info you need me to give you for my prize.
Sometimes when I use other people's computers, I forget they don't have Greek set as one of their languages...
we aren't worried about you stepping up :) #mux is gonna be lucky to have you.
"The Roots of Obama's Rage"--Read it, today!
lol when should we hang out?
GOODMORNING WONDERFUL PPL ON OUR TL!
Tough loss last night, but a great effort by Manny Harris, DeShawn Sims and the rest of the team!
haha well congratz, do i get an invite to the wedding?
Snails are moving faster than me today. I blame the ice cream cake.
thx mane for those words
Pretty good day back at Hco. Glad I can get that cash coming in!
just found your stuff. Awesome. Props.
I follow
Come visit UNMC College of Public Health booth today!
Closing night! 8pm!
u got it. we need ta kick it again
Is that Eric Cartman chanting "Go Kings Go"?
That iHop hit the spot. Shopping around waterfront.
You can now borrow preloaded e-readers at the !
Call me, We'll talk. :D
thank god for that@!
god I miss playoff anything in cleveland so much
unless someone witnessed the guy hitting my car, I'm SOL. CMPD said he was only knocking on your door; thought it was his home
You, too! Thank you!
Come on dude. Lmao.
And congratulations!! Yay, babies!!
Soo ready for summer :)
hey fellow tarheel fan I talk to you.BH
I'm not an adventurous eater. My mom ate pickled pig's feet for lunch; I had to hold down the vomit. #grossfoods #pleasedon'teatinfrontofme
responsible for what she asks?
Who the HELL is THIS!? #weet!
Welcome to my world. I'm doing accounting, in between my social media addiction. Ps. I got some dates in July, too.
NHL playoff OT games are just wild. Sometimes they go until 2 AM; other times they last as long as
wish i was at
Just about busted my butt in mr ogles room from the sweat off 's Camelback!!
RN, MBA. Extensive healthcare analyst background. Certified in EPIC OpTime with Perioperative charting, certified in 2 interface engines
NEW MUSIC!!! "GO LOVE" youtu.be/upYf4UPM4oo
I'm going to #lollapalooza !!!!
Thanks so much dear! You're awesome. <3 you too!
"Make Better Mistakes Tomorrow" was one of my favorite & most inspiring reads- but this claim is pushing it, even tarnishing it
Being a cavs fan u gotta be stupid to think that I'm rooting for the knicks
yeah it is the facts. If things continue based on past results I see 10yrs and my weak heart is going to stop.
Birthday shoutout to ... One year closer to the good life! I owe you a drink and a dessert!
Keep at it, you'll get them!
my husband want you to look at our desktop.
text me back, fool!
wanna hear a joke? :)
I want to visit some time.
YES! I had to check.....I need to get them soon
funny thing, I'd call in to work for a spurs game...but I wouldn't skip class. Is that weird?
Ah it looks like the queue starts around 400 concurrent requests?
My dad went to park to play disc golf. Home alone
“Success is uncommon, therefore not to be enjoyed by the common man. I’m looking for uncommon people” Coach Stoll-Tony Dungy's college coach
so can we now call our LBs the "Trojans of the Tundra"?
When chasing cars plays when denny dies in greys is perfect <U+E411>
I need your spring class schedule ASAP!
I love sashimi!
. . .and here's the rain. Big lightning, too! Poor puppy, but happy garden.
do you mean NO clause?
i smell like oranges.
I don't want to leave! I love being home :)
yea...touchdown!!
I see that #spark inside you.
Days like today make me wish I had a motorcycle
Though I suppose if they have a good enough season, the tickets will be easy enough to sell.
I hope E. Tangradi will have a big game and Simon Despres will show why he SHOULD be in the lineup all the time. Lets Go Pens!
Yup! There it is!
arrest count up to 13, one fought with police
Sometimes u have to talk quieter to see whos really listening
Expert advice & property and casualty solutions from Linton & Associates can protect what you have worked so hard to build. 505-247-1530
One of these things is not like the other: Scott Rolen & Babe Ruth tied for 48th all-time in doubles. #Brewers cruising 8-3 in bottom 8th
Yipes!! *GULP!* RT : Gotta be Bastardo or Papelbon. Has to be an injury, or Savery wouldn't be eligible to return.
i want another round.
Why can't the #RedSox have a game where every aspect of the game plays well....
The Constitution which is the highest law in the US defines blacks as 3/5th of a human. Is it a surprise that they kill us with impunity?
Unofficially yours...officially great movie!
An ounce of practice is worth more than tons of preaching. -
who's ready for some #contagiousbehavior tonight at and with very special guest throwing down another killer set
Love it when Tweeters say they are going "off the grid."
WHO WANTS MY NUMBER?
I bet I can safely ignore any tech article whose title starts with a number.
you can pick them up at any point today. The east box office is open right now.
Being lied to, cheated on and having my heart broken, makes it harder to trust people, believe in and or fall in love.
To sign up for the new recycling carts in Decatur, email . Starting 4/1, you won't have to sort your stuff!
USF heading into overtime with Syracuse. Huge second half for the comeback to tie Let's go Bulls!
Listened to a podcast and discovered one of my favorite comedians went to the same junior college as me.
Btw, every picture I post of a tattoo has been done by me! :)
love and miss you summer time were hangin even if I have to get a job at McDonald's for a day
Dex: Dogs vs. kids: puppies grow up into dogs, which rule. Kids grow up into horrible horrible ADULTS who listen to Coldplay. Dogs win again
Wasn't even considering it
small business marketing on the rise at Talkbiznow.com.
Well here we go
Nigg ian in no rush and it.pop Up on mi fone
That's exactly the nightmare I was afraid of!
cracks me up when I see some people who went to my hs act all "gangsta" or hard or whatever...geez hun we are from Clarksville get over it
the only harness she fits in is a kitten harness lol, at least for now until she gets a bit bigger
They're talking about there being a better way of life and how we shouldn't be so focused on this life<U+FFFD>there's another world.
no worries. Easy to be fired up about hoch
Thanks for a great brunch event in support of !!
What A Joke. You Don't Even Have A Working Phone Number.
Karaoke Wednesday 2night @ Seven Ultra Lounge 1270 N. Milwaukee 7pm-12am FREE entry, $4 & $5 drinks, no dress code & crazy fun!
Iv been sick for almost a week!! So lame.
RT if you relaxing at home. -- Destini .<U+272F> ()
. , -- I guess I've caved to peer pressure? via
Local organization that supports HIV/AIDS patients needs volunteers - KVOA Tucson News Local organization that supports HIV/AIDS patients
I can't agree with you more!
Be prepared to answer "What have you been up to?" every time you audition. Include life info and career info
wateva it is,u deserve it ...cool
Destroyer's use of alto sax is the realization of my fears with respect to Bon Iver's "Beth/Rest"
It has begun. Visit www.plazaclassic.com.
We meet people to serve a purpose in each others lives. Be wise on what you choose to accept!
Congrats to who won a pair of #RedSox headphones in our giveaway!
": congrats! How'd u do?" Thanks! 1:52:54 in the half. It was windy!
thanks for the follow - look forward to tweeting with you!
So proud to be apart of the #belieber family!
#TheBestFeeling is being in a relationship where you know you're not being taken for granted, and they feel the same for you as you do them.
Thanks Buzz Williams for your clarification and self serving comments tonight..Good to know.Didnt know u had to get ahead of it # marquette
yea o was thinking the same thing lol I just accepted the gift and smiled :-)
#florida in 2 days :)
*Yawn* give me somethin else to argue about
Need a window cleaning estimate? Residential or commercial. I will keep it affordable and I will keep it simple. DM me.
I seldom reply to DM's, you gotta be fine as hell lol
Share an example of how you seek out & act on both internal & external feedback.
Angels what the bleep are you doing....dumbasses
The value of books are declining! Reason being...Amazon allows people to post for sale books at .01 cent; some books are worth more than...
and isn't it kind of effed up that NOW when u hear it u be like "that's that song from 'The Cosby Show' episode"???
The writer just doesnt get why this is an injustice.
<U+2764> That awkward when you read "moment" yet it was even there <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> (;
Dropping my grandma off to the airport.
I just used some NDC in my BanKeurig! Cooperative Drank? M taste the polymers!
#NorthCarolina the owner was not regarded as having committed a crime, because -- after all -- the slave was his property
But We Already Knew The Tour Was Coming So Its Not That Wow They Could Have Tweeted that But I Aint complaing
check your email
Listening to Phoenix. (:
our baby sister shes 5 her name is Alana dnt u got hella guys in ur fam? Ours is mostly girls
is in Chicago today !! Too bad I'm in school & only 200 people get too meet them UH
IN DA LAB!
Salsa Wednesdays is so much fun! Really thankful for this event! People dance, drink & truly enjoy themselves...
ooh ok ah u have a sweet mom. Feel better
Jessa: "So you want to go out to eat? And spend money?" Casey: "Yes. I cut my nails today and I'm feeling purdy."
“My faith comes by hearing, and hearing by Your word, God.” - Romans 10:17
Hey Ashley, sorry it's taken us a while to get back to you. We'll get on it ASAP.
Let's do some shows this Summer..Let me know Seattle, Eugene, Ashland? Bay? LA? SD? holler at me AZ? let's go!
It's #FF time! Suggest to your friends on Twitter for a chance to win a free copy of the #RethinkAfghanistan DVD.
Wait egyptians used to hunt ostriches? Are they native to egypt or did they import them?
Hope everything goes well this weekend at #veida12 Shabbat Shalom!
To all those attending #Avengers this weekend, remember to REMAIN SEATED during the credits for a great lil' something afterwards!
what are the options to pick up the tickets from you? Also, in advance, Thank you!!!
Indian Massacre in Orlando-available at Smashwords.com today!!!!!
always down... Only thing is I have bronchitis :(
Hm...GoogleDocs thinks I don't have permission to access your new survey (either from Reader or your web page).
Clyde Stubblefield's health is fading. He lives in Madison, WI. Reach out 2 him, yall have benefitted.
So My Graduation Gift to Myself is..... Is A Belly Button Piercing. So Excited.
A lack of sleep leads to a "stream of unconsciousness" Thanks cc
Kush only (no sticks no seedz)
I'm like y am I so irritated right now
noble work you do at #Ford! Yes, I'm on Linkedin.
My state rates 48th out of the nation in school proficiency so I'm glad for this option. Try my darnest not to be goofy. :)
Acknowledgement for good work or coming to work? Big difference
Kobe better player, Tim Duncan better career
I'm fitn' get on the floor and bust wide open.
ha I would but I'll be working the fair
referred to Newt's three marriages as a "hat trick." Beautiful.
you can be my fire man any day ;)
Got any leads I can follow up on? My email is Thanks!
Please DM him my twitter name!!!!!!!!111
Happy Hour in the D with
You are amazing and alive (in every sense of that word)! Love to you!
I am so excited, it's gorgeous. I kind of want to steal a copy for myself.
“: I think it's funny how many people have asked if we set a date yet..." I know the feeling! Next: "Do you have your dress?" :/
Who forgive and forget!
It takes guts to get out of the ruts. ~ Robert H. Schuller
Viva Puerto Rico! Viva Cotto! You did a great job papa!
On my way to the NYC Gamewatch. Go ! Beat the Bobkittens!
#LT And no boyfriend, not that I'm used to that xD
Big white zig zag, I fill you up with my bag, let's have a party! Proceed to party!!!!!:-)
Congratulations I love your songs i love you too
I'll be in Disneyland that day! I got off work.. I still NEED tickets!! :(
We at #Sonasoft hoped that everyone had a very happy holiday. Drive and migrate safely into #Microsoft Exchange Server 2010.
Um no. Still is a "generic" mascot. Name another school that is the Cheesemakers!
I am feeling good about 2012! We are going to make a new record! YAY :)
which one? I think they both stay strugglin lol
where's my music bro
just coming back from an injury you don't want to do to much.
I Did.
I haven't tweeted in months, but Chilean wine is bringing me out of hibernation tonight
Jessica a beast! #americanidol and she only 16 smh
Another day, another __________.
Once A Belieber Always A Belieber you cant just stop being a Belieber bc he is happy w/Selena. U wouldnt be a true Belieber if thts the case
I helped implement their ordering system, among other things. :)
My Make a Wish Foundation wish is: Bring back the Firefly series w/, , ...PLEASE!!
music video, but I was the original "girlfriend"
Cold coffee before work._.
dude if i give you more details on that character then i'll pretty much leak part of the inside story $D
That awkward moment when you like someone and then realize their taken -_- FML
Trying to figure out what to have for late night dinner. I don't even know what sounds good.
10 miler this morning. 45 degrees and a slight mist.
TREE INFO-plan b4 you plant! make sure the tree you like won't b 2 big for your space or rop fruit on your walkway. Do the research!
hey i love u too J <3
Expose Exploitation. Now available in black (on sale right now at Dirtbag Arts until 9PM in The Crane Building see below for directions).
bite your tongue! He wouldn't listen to the whack shit!
Rt - “: Hey Twitterverse, let's try a little TMZ social experiment here...”
Waiting to hear back from a friend!
Maybe Hurdle should take note what happened in that AB.
any hints???
I'm #prochoice too, but your reasoning implies that fathers shouldn't be a part of the conversation. I reject that idea.
oh twitter... how i miss you dearly <333
good, thanks! Finally got some sun. Heading back tonight
"I'm on 150 Milligrams of Meth and I'm here for all your money" "Sorry dude, I'm on the phone"
Yoga classes tonight at 5:30 & 7pm. New students: 1 week free of unlimited classes and 1 free private pilates class! 620 Eighth Ave. 92101
I'll go with the cheaper way, I'll just stop by when you're in town. when will that be?
Wa! I don't like Jason Wilde! Grab a tissue, ya big baby
47?! Wow, that's a ton of cons. When did you start going to them?
Why is a bra singular and panties plural?
I don't remember ever being as excited as he is about his #hackweek project
Need creative/not spendy idea for kids' bday party in Oct in Conn. She'll be 10, he'll be 8. Could be combined or separate. Thanx.
my day hasnt got any better..
go to Marshall's for cheap dress pants
I don't like just one person I like 2 ugh why is my life so complicated and filled with so much drama? :/
Thanks once again!!
if you can't print, you gotta plow
remember when bravo showed independent movies?
Good new doping stories appearing? There must be a grand tour starting today. Hard to keep up on doping w/o grand tours to spark stories.
oh he got me, no i never seen, no one like him, damn hes everything. girls they want him, guys they wanna be. who's that boy?
Glad to see you!
Why is your store special??? Make it fun! Be special, add value! Tell friends to get deals too!
Mother, Brother, Lover: Selected Lyrics by Jarvis Cocker – review
NOTICE*** we changed our twitter name to IN instead of IS ;P
Pls 4low me 2 n gimme ur Email 2 get mo info on THE BOY IS MINE Da Movie 2 STAR u n
Not having the right tool is one of the most frustrating things.
Quick 9.6 Mile #Bike + 2.3 Mile #Run on the Erie Canal Path... >>
17 years Ago Today we lost a Young Star may she
is deep in thought!
home.....nothin like it
Hahah not you!
Very relevant to client research I'm conducting. Thanks! RT New editorial by Dr Anna Demming 'Big challenges and nanosolutions'
The apartment is so cool and great use of space.
have fun tonight! See y'all tomorrow.
Niemi goes to the Sharks
I'm goin out full hipster tonight.. You'd be so proud lol
My circle get smaller everyday
Finals plus job hunt is depressing. Even in college applications you're rewarded for "community activities." But now: don't rock the boat.
I need a hot chocolate and a cuddle buddy.
running in the rain feels like freedom.
Please check your email, Mark. Your shirt was shipped on the 17th.
#OT/TIME
Crud - Oberon beer is seasonal. Who knew? Off to find a suitable game beverage.
I was planning on bringing soju!
Lambert Field. Homeward bound
Going back home to CLT. Had a whole bunch of feminist philosophers doing some serious dancing last night.
ref Joey Crawford is officially out of control. He needs to give himself a technical!
I'm just ready for my Boaz! Where's my Sampson to tear down the pillars of my loneliness?!?
It is so great to connect to another Fort Wayne. I have to get over to the New Tech here! You guys are awesome!
*BOY RT : I'm a girl with ambition, but I tell no one my plans.
and ~ Thanks for the mentions!
Tiger and Mad Men, back on the same day. Coincidence?
I think I need to try this! #JustHadToSayThatToday “: Marshmallow milk is the new soy milk. #trendybeverages”
well, if what someone saying really is offensive enough it needs to private, it will get out anyway, so why bother.
“: lmmfaooooo n I looked hard as hell too!” I can only imagine.
Thanks for all of your #FF's!!!!
Who wants to hang out with the #Pittsburghsuperhero?
I need more sleep!
Having a strategic plan in place really helped us
We'll be featuring our Extraordinary Carrot Cake on special at our Balboa Park location tonight! Served with Pineapple Mango Ice Cream. Yum!
So Universal is suing That seems silly. What's the hope? What could Universal gain? Asylum is harmless moneymaking fun.
I miss you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Started feeling down again... Fuck no.
Do for five years what most people don't do, and you will spend the rest of your life doing what most people can't do!
These days many people have turned for the worst. It's sad to see because most of the tine it's someone you love.
Well now that the Dolphins are looking grim, (change of subject), what do you think about investing in the Iraqi Dinar?
New fav game while at IUPUI library is professor or homelesd guy game
Gaming time
that guy couldn't get laid in a monkey whore house with a sack full of bananas !
your standards are too high :P
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant" ~Robert Louis Stevenson
hell no, I told you were the one that cheered me up ONLY & it worked, cause youre a boss c':< thank you franciona<333333333333
got to! Ain't settling for nothing less.. Text me though
cause as soon as big boobs happen.. you gotta tell the world!
remember the original?
Two Stepping Extravaganza / Dance Party / Costumes Welcome
I like the missed squeezes
#ff our #AFT director (also director of Broadway's Godspell!)
We are here in LOT 13 with our grill and green beer! So come on down, the rain has finally stopped!
She Calls Me "Monster" Cause I Make Her SCREAM IN THE DARK !
Trying some french food, & trying to not say the only french phrase i remember, which is, 'ou est mon port monnaie?'
Yea Knicks won.
thanks for sharing!
I absolutely love Hawkeye!
getting a feel for it. Thanks! -Raph
our 3 yr old adopted pit, Carson. he's dumber than rocks but the sweetest thing in the world.
tweet me!
l0l bet you dont look that bad
I love your hair streaks it's so cute!!! You and Justin make an AMAZING couple :)
InsideTheTargetCar Gorgeous OhTheLetGo! HometownHoliday at The Shark Tank Can't wait to party in Tallahassee!!! Come bro with us!
Great day! Hope the rest of the week is like this!! #happytweet :)
incredible morning, nice and cool... I love it!
Getting ready for a Posada with . Is that better ?
I still have feelings for her, but she said no and it's been awhile now. WHY?
“ n janyia coming over today we fin to have fun”} call me when u get off love
Veggie Flautas Thursday! Fresh spinach,ancho roasted potato,mushroom,rolled into a corn tortilla crisped. 5 flautas with choice of two sides
Talk abt a glass ceiling. SMDH!
Where all the #Lifers at ????
what you been doing sis
hahaha, very true
i love your positivity my man!
Goodnight kisses>>> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Finally getting started on our 2011-2012 Educational Catalog. Let us know what you want to see featured!
Local philanthropist & business woman, Jillian Jacobson, launches in Chicago August 25-26 will email u more info
Not particularly. Just want a nap!
In the studio for the rest of the week:)
thanks for following me. Good luck with your new venture in Ft. Lauderdale, great socializing spot. I can do a book signing!
Its annoying how a shirtless guy comes on TV and everyone looks at me...
I can work on something for ya if I do I'll send you a link
when will you come back to Philippines??????
why do i find it weird that i love tfera, and my sister kathryn likes aileron? o.o okay we're switching names kathy
Lots of people talking about Derby Kansas today. Weird.
Students at a school able to get the morning after pill from vending machines.Details on our news in 15 min
follow me i need to DM you something please:)
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Indiana Jones and the Titties of Doom
YOU LOOK SO STUNNING XOXOXOXOXO love you
What's up?
hit on by black senior.
u draw good
Imma post them in little but dont worry we'll get you a really good part ! :D
Finally home. This shower and bed is about to feel SO good. Good night beautiful people
Pt2 (from the film) I mean, the reporter just called up the White House library and the librarian was ready to check records. Inaccurate!
Does it say the batch on the bottle?
Im going going back back to Cali Cali
we heard has a funny side that's hiding under the surface.
Is this the new thing now? When you are introduced to people, you attach the "she is in single." What is that about? Anyone else?
Alexander's in North Park--was jumping Sat nite; but with a reservation no prob. Kudos: sea bass special & great corner table.
I wonder why
yeah cause first off, your bullshittin tryna say that was a joke.
Happy Birthday to my Absolutely, Wonderful, Much loved Beautiful, Fantastic Niece!!!
Hey, thanks for the follow.
Remember that a government big enough to give you everything you want is also big enough to take away everything you have. — Barry Goldwater
My mom attempting to select a new ringtone at 8:30 A.M. sounds sweeter than a symphony. I'll have you know she picked the X-files theme.
Haha, w/ his milk shot.
June ... this time she tweeted stately stride
The best part about Thursday #VampireDiaries <U+2764>
probably caught it from Cano RT : Probably just getting someone else sick. Germ spreader.
guy wearing a vest way to small=douche hole. XD. ^_^ <3 you Shane
I'm would love a legit body massage when I get home...
Let's go Caps!
Back to the basics!
iN sTATISTICS cLASS. i gRADUATE iN fOUR dAYS. i'M sO pUMPED!@#$%
cc w/r/t his amusing micropublished anecdote re: chasing down pickle truck, very much on mind as I was blathering to dude (3/3).
today we got booze, blunts n boobz :]
my universe will never be the same... I'm glad you came...
I love the game LOGO QUIZ, shit is complicated
O where is your search box...???
<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A7> RT : The mouth of a jellyfish is also the anus.
Burp then eat more ;)
I wanted to say if I un follow anyone anytime soon it's because I hit my follow limit, don't take it personally.
Bulls proved tonight that regardless of missing their two best players (in my opinion), they still have solid playoff experience as a team
Guys, the Spurs shots aren't falling, what do we do?
Decided to put home first instead of work this weekend. Its feels great!
You're going to need to change your password for twitter and other accounts. Seems that you got keylogged.
Glad hit that free throw. Shut LBJ down.
Replenish your body with fruit juice and water.
Austin is the live music capital of the world!
TRUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU CANT wait till the summer corn dick
let us know what you think Duch is on the Recess song..
Blazers might have lossed to the Raptors but it sounds like Jerryd did pretty good at the point guard position.
Remember to #pause and reflect on your journey. Being #intentional will change your life.
Finally got a fire going. Haha (:
maybe. But if you have to earn yourself a draw you probably lost.
Who has tomorrow off of work? Come see me
eww! Never in a million years!!!!!!!
She was a New York slave who became a speaker on abolitionism. What name did she choose for herself? Find out at www.AmericanLegacyMag.com
Building Wealth for Healthy Hair by Racheal products®
starting basketball next week :) cant wait !
Follow me at iluvme_1st on instagram
Counting down til happy hour starts. Need. Frappucino.
#palamino Digital project still part of this? Ah--great at the end. One reason I have you leading off session today.
1001 followers! It took a while, but we're here. Finally. Drinks are on me.
Now entering Georgetown <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
This religion Class is about to put me in a comma.
Lmao what tweet?
VonChurch congratulates Eric Walle on his new role with Firxas studios! Another good person, another good job!
Are you still in school?
lol. Didn't know it still exsited. Never hear about anymore.
Please check your email for latest details.
Hey Aly! Where did you order your tent for Warped Tour from?
I can't wait for new episodes
your always away from someone you love, its torture. -Lady Gaga
the lemon grass noodles and shrimp at chin chin is to die for , lordy !
Thank you.. it's all the bird!
What do you think about the Government monitoring our Tweets and Facebook Blogs? They will be looking for key words in our blogs.
On way home from NYC, back on Monday for Law and Order SVU!
don't think about all those things you fear...just be glad to be here... - FC Kahuna
It was an amazing day to go to the beach with old friends <3
Getting organized for ALA Midwinter in Dallas! Will I see you there?
they zoomed in on it and it was huge!! Sometimes severe contusions are more painful than a break. So I was worried about u.
Headed to BB Kings in New York... Show with let's get it!!
At the Sunshine Sachs Newsmakers event
Awesome drums done 4 light fantastic and evileye
Could have been a nice play with the Asik touch pass, but he should have passed it to Gibson if he really wanted it to work
You fucking douche. You just proved that all guys are douches. Bye.
Where are my #starwars fans?
if but some reason Community gets canceled by NBC, Comedy Central better pick it up!
nyti.ms/o1Q02d Interesting story on enhanced ebooks in today. Books with a soundtrack.
House Repubs plan vote today on reauth of the Violence Against Women Act. excludes the new protections for LGBT already passed by senate.
": If LeBron's hairline recedes any more, he'll need a third headband and a yarmulke" now even bob is in on the jokes!
Fuck the system.
I'm gonna have to try shoes, love the rave reviews!
where is it??? I wanna go!!!
where the f are you???
Even if you got killed in Texas Chainsaw,
If you are prepared, then you are able to feel confident.
you and me go fishing in the dark
I don't blame you...it's gold!
Today is a mother daughter dayy <U+2764>(: Then tonight with myy girls , sounds like a great dayy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
iTunes on Windows. Oh, my. Hopefully no sharp objects are nearby...
:: Who Said I Was Baby Sitting ? Lhh They Wss Here When I Got home . THey Old Enough , One Of Them is 7 and the other 5 .
thanks for the clarification Drew haha
Hello to all the new followers!
HOW DO I GET SOMEONE AS AMAZING AND ADORABLE TO FOLLOW ME IT WOULD BE A WISH COME TRUE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW.ME BACK <333333333
Thank you for the RT. We appreciate your support!
BOOKED a Geico spot shooting tonite. Looking forward to working with The Caveman!
White Rabbits are using Twitter... hell
Aw . He said dang man I MISS YOU !!!
Aww thank u! :)RT : And a good morning to you! Have a fantastic day today! Remember how awesome you are!
Freaks take questions from the studio audience with Annie working the mic.
New update: once our twitter page reaches 10,000 followers we will officially launch!
great, will do!
Girl! I almost gave up on that one!!! :-)
oh that works both way ,
Scary - just heard thumping and banging, thought the rapture was early... Wash machine out of balance
TEAM 301!!! Domination!
Metta's logic is "If Kobe turns it over, we all turn it over." Good to know they respect the coach that much.
haha where is it located. I need to go there.
...meanwhile, it's snowing in Lynnwood
everyone complaining about 420 needs to stfu and smoke a blunt and celebrate the holidaze
great color from Kristin and cut from Maxine.
Massive headache for real though!
Coughing! Can't sleep! Pickers and Pawn Stars keeping me company.
Oh for Christ sake! This should have been an easy 10-point win. You motherfuckers!
RT : Do you have a story about Frank the "pepperoni cannoli" guy? We'd love to hear it.
Love justin bieber new song Santa coming to town
just saw this now..lol
Can I have ur number
Tired of hearing about
HAVE FUN! Maybe I'll actually be able to read for fun in the summer? crossing fingers!
We love & , but we are very excited to try for the first time tomorrow!
That's a great idea...will it ignite if the N is removed quickly?
It's crazy how people insist that they are in love even when they're unhappy. MAYBE just MAYBE you're not really in love...?
I plan on sleeping the rest of the day but knowing my parents that probably won't happen......
Theere's always a fight in my second period... At least once a week.
i bet
thnx for the mention and RT!
Um... That's not good
Running with !
Yeah, definitely feeling your track. It's real.
not even amazed by the numbers. Know them well.
Happy Mother's Day Mom! Many Thanks to everything you do for your family!
#caps tie series with #rangers has highlights. RU looking at #supermoon ? has that and tomorrow's forecast on News4
brand-spankin-new macbook sitting in my chair when I got to work today! Life is good!
I love Jacob.
I can accept failure, but I can’t accept not trying. You don't fail until you quit.
Kids fall asleep anywhere & everywhere! LOL!
Today in 1976, the first known elephant to come to the United States arrived from Bengal, India.
are you leaving wme???
this is super nice, but $$$, we need to find a cheap solution
Remember Kyle from Road Trip? Actor was beaten by a Vancouver police officer last night for doing absolutely nothing.
31 days i got .time i got ...money ,well thats the goal..lol
Nicki Minaj on #Ellen-"I would love to give birth on your show!"
C'mon, Packers, keep bringin' it! Time for a sack o' burgers!
Looking at this pretty rose someone gave me :-)
you should read it... it's good in an f'ed up kind of way. Although just mostly the first book.
hell naw!!! lol I will see if we can order some RT : can I get a secret sunday shirt my friend.. please my friend
There are some nights I hold on to every note I ever wrote
So after I find a do it yourself carwash god gives me a free rinse cycle from the heavens
just woke up but it's 10:10am :p haaha. (Messenger?)
y'all should come over and play with her :)
Nice to meet you the other night. Hope to see you around Berlin more this summer.
"But I promise I will never let you go."
A shooting scare.... Why would someone do that and why wouldn't they tell us what was going on inside?
What I lack in confidence I make up 3 times in flop sweat.
Yes, I found this on Drunkduck years ago. I'm not sure if you remember the user Peipei, that was me :D
We're getting so delirious that has decided to show off his dance moves.
thank youu! It might be the hardest I've worked for anything.....haha
Starting book two of His Dark Materials... only four years after I finished the first.
Finally I can rest..... Yes!
#NFL It was nice to see the Saints org feel some pain for their thuggery. Too bad the NFL didn't strip them of the undeserved Super Bowl win
iGomezGang deleted her acct bcoz ,she was getting hate tweets as selena replied her..CRAZY PPL !!
That's ridic.
That makes me sadder than no more eggbeaters. We'll be your family.
Hello - what can we help you with?
Going thrifting and I only have $85 on me -.-
Bruster's is literally below my house, why have I not been here more in my life...
loverboy, you played us up like toys. don't you feel bad, don't you feel bad?
omg I would hit her
A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a drink. The bartender replies, "For you, no charge."
30 minutes till new !! Monday's aren't so bad!
Wanna go see lil wayne ... idk yet !!!
no idea but i can tell rating will be down for tonight
Things you don't see everyday at work: Car parked in spot next to you starts to back out of parking spot and no one is in said car ...
Be the best that you can be!
can we go if we are an alum?
I like this photo. I eat dinner with #TheBubs today.
So very excited for #chapter2 for the Nashville Campus! Some kind of exciting!
OMG!! This song is amazingly awesome!! Its wonderful! Great job Drew! Can't wait to hear other projects and to see elixir!
Why don't we just turn the universe over to Google and our planet over to Facebook and be done with it?
im sorry about the turtle being stolen :((( hopefully you will get it back!
Our great pleasure! More member perks to come.
Keep an eye out for CAPSEE at major conferences. Stay tuned to our website and twitter for conferences, workshops, and pubs.
If 1 out of every 4 churches would help someone #adopt 1 child from #fostercare there would be NO MORE #foster kids waiting to be adopted
Scott Peters appreciates the endorsement. He'd love yours as well.
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Holiday Cookie Trays today at Acme Hotdogs! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803
What is your problem girl?
thanks for the RT! Hope you are well!
I think I'm in love with she's incredible.
The rice is so needy, so very thirsty.
Rip Hamilton is a piece of shit
Self organizing FTW!! RT : Per 's orders, the official shenanigans hotel is the Westin. Book accordingly.
I`m crying at the voice finally and it`s the first episode i watched, lol
There was a documented case if a potential cured AIDS patient this year! & deaths fell from 2.2mil in mid2000's 2 1.8mil in 2010! Beautiful
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match
A Laker fan plays for San Antonio. Oh no no no..he will get BOOED at every game.
Cold and dreary out there, warm and bright in here -- come see us: 7916 SE Foster (enter on 79th) -- work, play, create at Foster Indy Mart
1 in 5 relationships are sparked from online matchmaking websites. Translation: 80% of those seeking love aren't completely desperate.
You're too kind. Hope you had a great weekend.
Today is International Moment of Laughter Day is...After all, "laughter is the best medicine". Share if you agree!
everytine I try to download your song it doesn't work
I felt like an army was coming in to defeat me!
It comes down to how pau gasol play
RT : "Restore Civility Now! ... or at your earliest convenience." ||
Still up working on Finances.
Lackey takes so long Going to be a long game
Thanks so much...and thanks for the follow too! : )
THANKS! :D
#wheniwas26 I was a 2nd Lieutenant in the Air Force, stationed at Patrick AFB, FL, and just starting my exploration of the World of Beer...
It's cold AF in my room right now..
wow ksenija, we've been dating a year now and you're doing this? Really?
Well it looks like I'm not going to tolo anymore...
Who wants to be my baby :) ?
ITS A DOGGY DOG WORLD....WELL SOMEBODY BETTA PUT THE BITCH BACK ON A LEASH.....HELL U MEAN
Sex alleviates tension. Love causes it.
Fantastic speech today at Legal Tech by Don Tapscott... the new generation, innovation and how they affect EVERY business model!
I left an answer to your blog question. Have you considered alternative ways of promoting using blogs?
Paul Cebar was great
I will miss you zzolo. Hopefully, Joe and I will make it to the Twin Cities to see you soon.
#np 'Le Long de la route' ZAZ
Stand up for what you believe in!
I, for one, had a lovely time hiking through the Amazon. Now, what is a browser, again?
I live in Hyde Park and didn't know about IRA?! Looks so awesome, but kinda expensive. Sad to miss etc. in person.
and a host of others down the line...
As I'm reading someone's newspaper over their shoulder on the train, I get mad at them for reading slow and not turning the page!
3 elephants at #thatcamposu : Some but not much discush of accessibility or diversity, and reductive binary of hyperattention v. deep att'n.
Senators sitting on side of chamber doing the wave during discipline debate.
Awww, that guy totally is getting laid tonight.
It would be so confusing if I had a twitter name and I had a picture of Adam Lambert.
Tu Holloway's got nothing on
same boat, here. MG girls can be more taunting than high school.
I think I disagree for her 18th...maybe 21st????? Lol
Mixtape :"Blow Up Like Da World trade" Drops Sep.15 Fuks Wit It.New Features nd Promotions Soon To Come.Yee! www.myspace.com/Baddassmug3000
There r sources to rely on. The question of full Redemption of the Jewish People is not IF... but WHEN. It's a matter of time!
how about we get Audioslave back together? I miss good rock. Anyone else in agreeance?
Accept what you cant change. change what you cant accept.
Joe Tamburino weighs in on Amy Senser verdict on FOX 9 Morning News @ 8AM
Dude, great to see you down in Australia...hit me back...
Sending out the Friday Funnies.
ima say nicki bcuz u gutta shave ya hairline to wear a lakefront <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
if you got the beef man put it in the skillet
Holy Moly- she's on Twitter! Unbelievable. And also unbelievable how far down you made it on my timeline to respond to that!
Oh how Ive missed my dolls!!!
My night would be made if eric church sang springsteen #ACM's
This Wednesday, Security Bank is offering to put $1000 towards your closing costs!
certainly young man. I'm an addict. Try. Shut-up, Stop whining and get a life. I love Larry's books. Almost bought some boots
What was it?
That's my wish for every party. It's a shame I have to miss it this time.
What is up with the lame tornado drill today?! All I did was sit down and talk to people on the other side of the room!
Regionally, I can't get behind this Final Four. Do over, please.
Since when did you become Snooki?? Lmfaooo I LOVEE YOU!!~ Now do you want a pickle hoe.
whats good bro, its ayo ( ) we should build about collabing on the show like we talked about.
I would say Food ranks first on your list followed by GSP
I almost cited Paul deMan controversy to begrudgingly defend Ron Paul until I realized deMan was early 20s, not in his 50s!
I wanna nap but I already have #fuckedupsleepingschedule as it is....
Have you guys heard sing?? She was on Idol, too!
#Sweet16 here we come!!
"We're here we're Claire get used to it!"-
omg all day in my head it's either I Will Always Love You or Rolling In The Deep.
who must have special skin product infused in his "medicine"...dude always looks like he just had a facial
Coughing infront of smokers to make them feel guilty.
You must have been there, Nancy. I was a Nemov fan growing up, thought he handled with class (from what I saw on TV).
was good bro i got ya back
I drank my milk and I'm still really small.
oh and last name too. hahaha sweet. *highfive*
I'm crying right now my mon was rushed to the hospital.omg <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
Hate hearing how Junior Seau went out,
Robert Glasper, Bilal and Lupe's verses. Every morning... In my heart in my mind.
hahah #dang son!
send any sports questions you have we are starting the show!!!
Don't a little cold stop from having fun go on out and have a good time just be responcible about it. especially with frozen roads
Let's go Bruins! Er, Let's go Caps! Uh... Let's go hockey game!
Its a wedding weekend. Rehearsal tonight with a fantastic wedding tomorrow. I can't wait.-Ashli Cox Catering Sales Manager
He shut down the company but did someone from the company find this druggie teenage girl?
not the cheeseburger....i got a pizza from walmart & put fajita meat on top...lol...fatboimix
Nine more likes and we'll hit 14,000! Bet we do it today! Spread the love hit that share button!
Congratulations, Alex! RT Way to go and your new membership to Alpha chapter at U of A.
your boyfriend sold out Madison Square Garden in 22 minutes? No way, mine too :D Kidrauhl Our Boyfriend
Just discovered I fit into youth sized Nike's. For $30 less. Kristen - 1, Nike - 0
DuBois: "when God makes a sculptor He does not always make the pushing sort of person who beats his way through doors thrust in his face.”
Aww, how romantic. I'm impressed - good luck to both of you.
not sure if you are still looking into facebook for 3t, but thought that you might find this interesting
WTF! How does Brown get a penalty on that?! Smith is a REAL piece of shit. I'm really starting to hate that guy...
#northpark is only overrated when I'm out of town. I've kept that hood real since 84'.
Whoever wants to get owned in cod; add me on live, I just got it. SaInT NiCk 77
Sean Lahman: Evolution preceded revolution in digital cameras - Rochester Democrat and Chronicle
Generally, I don't like "concerts," but Avett Bros? On The Lawn? I and Can't and Wait.
Wish I was 's #OLLG<333
A high of 59 today? Time to break out the Borat thong.
Y'all do know the Sixers are gonna EAT the Celtics right?
I'll swing by there tomorrow and we'll see what we can do. You have time?
you keep givinng tebo credit 4 just winning, but wanna take all the credit away from Flacco when he wins.. Double standard
On my way to #WrestleMania in Miami with !
I sent u a txt
We focus on our customer's needs & work to earn their respect by building long-term relationships based on trust & customer satisfaction
All around great experience at last night-best comfort food I've had in NY and a true neighborhood atmosphere.
to lazy to do homework
Amen to that! I Love that song so much! :D
RT IF YOUR AN ICONiac . <U+2665> -ash(:
I want some candy.
students at #occupymondays discussing irony of protesting Wall Street w/ private, commercial social media. Inspired by
plz u gotta put and all other artists in #TheUnionNetwork in ur rotation!
favorite thing about Jax so far?
#6 from Burger King with a orange drink!
's Laura Faer on AB 2145: We need data to 'determine what works and does not work' on school discipline
My mentions are dead, bo )':
Her - "You look like a young Steve Buscemi" ...Not sure how to take that one
instead of Josh? Is that why everyone is possed?
nice and how was it
attending confernce for entrepeneurial librarians at Wake Forest.
damn did everyone make the team? Haha
they corrected it to right ankle like that helps
#Grandstanding MT : Lamborn getting the media attention he sought from #SOTU boycott. He's on Fox w Greta Van Sustern tonight.
Seriously, if he had invested even $2 million, he could live off the interest.
Refreshing follower numbers is like watching an odometer at about 200mph. 167K and counting
Oh my God. #MichaelJackson's #ImmortalTour is INDESCRIBABLE. Oh. My. God.
Had a great times this morning did a great job! Safe travels back to NYC.
@ 106andpark hate it when friends try telling you what they did with some dude last night
You're welcome! Yes, it bites. :)
We gave our new parttimers a seven-page list of projects and tasks to rate so we can better fit interests and needs.
Dunno where he's been but saw Omar just a lil while ago! Love to see #greatartists know eachother! :)
Consumers want to know the food they’re buying is safe—and good.
Just learned there are apps to remind you to give your dog Heartguard and Frontline each month. Timber and Ridley will be so happy!
MUST<U+2605><U+2606>Follow and thank you to my friend
Bmore peeps, you should go see this band: RT “: Ottobar in Baltimore tonight!”
Tweet us your #WhenAustin's and we'll tweet them and give you credit! :D
so not only heart, but nerve problems? This girl sounds like a train wreck that the medical community has been looking for
So I'm getting my license tomorrow I guess. Okay. Cool. Haha
I love local beer and good food and great conversations with good friends!
You mad bro?
In honor of 's birthday I will only do zumba moves out at the bars tonight
Oh shit. . I'll be a junior next year . . I'M GETTING OLD
I can't wait to check out Kailua Whole Foods next Friday.
Sessions, sessions and more sessions......
Amazing things happening at Techtown in Detroit!!
spam spam spam spam spammy spam spam.
it just comes natural.. Ya know? “: you are such a pretty girl!”
Thanks for the RT! Hope all is well
I love Twig. Especially since they discontinued "cherish". Also, "capricious" and "amourous".
Headed to downtown with joe fuckin Mosso !!!
I live in a group home now. It's where homeless kids live. And now i gotta go to group breakfast...ughh.
might wanna do that soon considering the concert is in 11 days lmfao !
Foundations are prescribing the path to the outcomes, not just the outcomes themselves.
Thank you so much!!!! xx
i'm summer swaggin so hard :D
yes if they get another home win, its theirs. but cant count out Mia that easy
The dirt tracks around here won't let u in pits if your pregnant. Does Nascar have any guidelines? Just curious.
Williamsburg Grand Illumination!
I've tried bro, its slow as fuck at my job and we're struggling...she said if it gets worse she's leaving
LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK LUCK!
Long weekend, holiday... oh yeah and cataloging homework... who could ask for more :-)
Martin and I won't be at the speedway this weekend. He's racing in Laguna Seca.
Giant Panda Gorilla Dub Squad just rocked the airwaves! Greener Grass Band on next!
New markdowns in Men's & Shoes Women's and Kids apparel, Accessories and more oh my. So much for so little!
Hulu chief executive Jason Kilar said the number of people who paid $8 a month for the Hulu Plus service hit 875,000 in June
#welovezayn the only thing he terrorizes is the hearts of girls everywhere <3
Hate going to bed with a lot on my mind, oh well.
And I gotta find Princeton.. who's probably stalking Rocsi.. Lol
you think your Amish with that beard beet?
have fun in Vegas boys. Don't get any strippers pregnant.
i really need to buy some more snacks for work. i'm all cleaned out... and hungry.
I'm glad that at the payment confirmation stage while shopping online there's not a checkbox that asks "Do you really need this?"
"Soul Swagger Entertainment * Marketing Music Swagger Worldwide". I still feel like SOMETHING is missing...
Had a dream A decided instead of presenting papers annually we should have limbo contest to decide #1 anthropologist
He's in that phase? Been there. You should expect long boarding next. Tell it's not to be confused w/water boarding!
Good Luck! Luv the avi very cute!
My Spartypants son is razzing me about UM's loss. I may have to cut him out of the will.
Aw shucks. Fear not, once classes begin I'll be back into my journalistic-tweeting phase again and you'll wish you'd unfollowed ;)
Thanks! Unfortunately no one gave me a tractor for my b-day so it's a moot point :)
Yeah, it's the season finale. I wasn't expecting it to be two hours, but I can see why it all wouldn't fit into an hour.
I've never heard of such a thing. Where would I find info?
I seriously might have an aneurism right now, my blood pressure is so high. FUCK OFF.
happy thansgiving ocho. I'm actually transporting a patient to the hospital right now. Ah the life of a Paramedic :)
Let's get the #hackoff started right now!!
Hello world....
Just because the BrooklynNets will have a new place to play &their logo designed by JayZ doesntmean they are going to be any better nxt year
When we come from a place of love, everything becomes sacred and everything becomes divine ...
You rock! Have a blast tonight!
No the fuck I wasn't...
Off to el mercadito for some raspados !
Having a fabulous time at the leadership summit! Out of school time opportunities matter!
aw I kinda wanna witness this storm yall are talking about but everything is all peaceful nice and warm here
After seeing at Hammerstein Ballroom, they're officially on my must-see-live list. I'm still picking up pieces of my face.
BIG DAN!
just on Class act. Great perspective. Great season for Ray and all of the Ravens.
seriously? Lmao damn.
LMAO well your nice
The great Chip Kidd: The book designer is responsible to the reader and the publisher, but mostly to the author!
Watching Red Dawn. Oh Lord my inner child is having a joy seizure!
It's crazy how you can go from being Joe Blow, to everybody on your dick; no homo - Yeezy
Today in class I said I was married to Jesus out loud. Got some props.
Someone should compile a memoir of Kodak stories. Or is that what Dilbert is?
remeba the Marlboro luggage u had on that 8th grade field trip?
you must follow your dreams and go after what you want out of life or end up working for someone else who did.
When Chunk took home Sloth at the end of Goonies that probably didn't work out as well he hoped.
Bitch thinks he could yell at me for a damn remote... Shhhittt who the Fuck does he think he is... Hoe better watch his damn mouth. Fuck.
That band definitely lost something when Deily left.
okay. :D lol
witness a school board meeting? You trying to punish mayoral candidates?
you are NOT saying this on twitter. haha. I'm guessing you're date went well you little slut?
A member of the Southwest Workers Union, he holds 1 end of a banner stating 'No border wall.'
De nada, bro. Was funny. :D
ugh i was going through my clothes seeing which looked good anymore but now i got comfy in this dress and wanna go outside
you never sent me back the letter mind was if a drawing of you!!!!:)))<3 love you!!!!!
If you think wouldn't renege on the budget deal, you also think his tan is real.
Ran out of voter registration forms
Ima just say this Stop doin what everybody else is doin what everybody else is doin may not be what you should be doin "LEAD"
So much work to get all these pics into blog posts... You are on it!
Rainbows are just to look at, not to really understand.
nice 2 c we people can still influence. Of course took industry giants 2 but a great example of what we can do if organized
finally! found the CRM I have been looking for. Thanks
Mark your calendars: Next NeuroCultures Lecture Series is Lennard Davis "Disability & Depression" 5/8 6-8PM Grad. Center Room 9206. Free!
you should watch Drive or anything else with ryan gosling xo
What positive things can i say about front office" - it's a revolving door . hope they do well but it's EARLY May
No Miss St!!! Tough break
Are you a fan of steering wheel covers?
Ah I hate when they scare me like that! Assholes -.- haha hanging out with the guys and my bestie :)
You too!
So are we done with progressive-enhancement now? Is there any reasons for non-eCommerce sites to cater to non-JS-enabled users?
Happy #4/20 to all the potheads and #OWS hippies. Thanks for doing your part in making the world a better place.
Why Wouldn't It Be?
HA!! RT : my R. Kelly detector just went off!
Things don't get easier..
S/O 2 the newest followers ~! Welcome to
I was too busy having an imaginary boner about Batman this summer, but I will be going to see Avengers this week.
shuddup! He locked up my phone
girlie, it's gonna be a long season for both of us... Re: Tebow
I'm pretty anxious to see what's gonna happen in a month or two..
... Just shut the fuck up and leave me alone. You've made me beyond mad tonight.
": good Sunday to you guys :) hope you are enjoying the weekend." /// You, too! Have a wonderful day :)
Awww you're so nice i feel bad now!
I need skin colored leggings. Boy those are dangerous
Any chance you will play Sweet & Wild at Irving tonight? I have a soft spot for that song... and for Yankee Doodle.
I sho just #murdered 1!!RT : How do #McDonald's get the syrup in the mcgrittle ???? That shit dumb good
ya I know. Was sitting in the commons and noticed
Congrats to PPI's James Dempsey for winning the Inaugural iSeriesLive event !!! Nice effort PPI's 'Devilfish' Ulliott to finish second !!!
Passover, Easter, Earth Day and Shakespeare's birthday... a nice week for a little reading, reflection and renewal, I'm thinkin'... :-}
70% of all the time..
#Dope “ IVE BEEN KILLING SHIT LIKE A SERIAL KILLERS LAXATIVE - DAVE LYRIC”
#TreeQuestion Tues Answer: That's “summer dormancy” “summer leaf drop,” aka cladoptosis. By whatever name, what you see is a stress reaction
Thank you! See you next season!
This one looks like it will go down to the wire. Every possession is critical now with 5:21 to play DU 61 TTU 57
ha with the party thing? Or our "awesome"boys..?
Whos posh? RT : we killed swag its all about the #POSH now
Any leads on a decent bass amp for $150? Josh is looking for something functional w/o borrowing mine (which is less portable/light).
I went to the only comic book store in town, but they were out of all of the good ones already. :(
Thanks for the shoutout! RT : Follow #UX design strategist who has great insight into cutting edge methodoloy...
#citizendiplomacy needs your help too: Congress proposing cutting Cultural Affairs budget. Don't let em!
#2011icf how funny..within 2 sec of my post, is now following me... Love twitter!!
Arm hurts <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
George #Zimmerman has been charged with second-degree murder, special prosecutor Angela #Corey announced Wednesday.
Well hello to you too :) RT : 86 degrees out there.... Hello sexy!
Big warm up today with temps around 15C (yesterday it was 2C). We will be sorry come April when we have massive thunderstorms (prediction)
Did need any more reasons to promote the NE as the center of the universe? I will NOT be watching the #Superbowl. Boring.
wish they would have kept the time the same. can't get the kids and get anywhere by 6. Really want to see a reserve game!
when walking around all day, much easier in a stroller. I never want 2 be caught w/out a stroller especially if there's a nap
Congrats to our for making the NHL playoffs! Fun for you all to make us sweat it out huh!?
I had the feeling that would be the case so I switched out of it last week.
run for runs sake
Great meeting ya last night man. Sorry we couldn't chat longer!
if I can get out of studio in time, yep... Plus it's almost Bats time so im sure I will see you soon!
Does it work?
"...It's hard to dance with a devil on your back, so shake him off... shake it out, shake it out..."
I'm ready to get out of school! -_-
Ay Saturday be at motions to see and be there!
The war is over!!!
Im hands like a iPhone or a laptop or a iPad/so I make money like a ball player so my pockets look like thigh pads/-Gucci Mane
Advice is sometimes transmitted more successfully through a joke than grave teaching. Baltasar Gracian
No come back...
Yes, I want to be part of the book :}.
how about thursday or friday
I'm so glad that I can love you and I know you'll never leave and a plce where dreams are made is a place I wanna be <3
Damn, I just reminded myself that the westtest is tomorrow.#I might as well kill myself
same here! Everyone got along and it was so much better!
Huntsman: Nothing more powerful than the current bipartisan tax proposal
was here I love you wife <3
so, ready for the weekend? :)
it was a fun movie
Ouch that workout just killed me!!!
Ended up staying in an SRO where I sit as I type this. A little expensive, but I have a private space.
Ha!! We were talking about this ridiculous young adult book I read awhile back called, "Wanna Go Private?" and DMing.
/// Too many Waka Flockas, not enough Common's..
What would you do if you knew you couldn't fail?
I love this kid. He will lead them to at least 10 wins this season. Bank it.
But LevelUp is a Daytime Job. You're not making any sense man.
it must be so awful to listen to an ad for a few seconds for free music. Poor poor thing.
apparently I am bad at the internets!
for traditional 311 system to integrate info. & expand. Steps towards #Gov2.0? , do u see this in the future?
Oh! Thank you for the heads-up - I didn't know that! I think this means I'll be taking a long lunch break. :)
now im the type of guy that has a pet mouse lmfao
I should probably start today, lol.
Are you tired of getting turned down for a home? Are you ready to stop renting . Contact me now for financial freedom
OMG. This guy on the phone better stop pacing around this Starbucks. Multiple levels of annoying. Sit down and talk.
Well this sounds kind of interesting... if you're inthe LA Area, and you happen to check this out, tell us how it is?
I find myself to be the most annoying but i unfollowed all the ~trs fans~ that just made me so ANGRY
Off to the creek to play some 2/5 nlhe
This is the f-Ing bulls#!+ I wanted to avoid in the first place before coming on this trip! I'm so pissed!!! I knew this would happen!
I feel like this bus ride shouldn't be this bumpy
Can you people learn how to fucking spell, we are in 8th fucking grade, not 5th. It's not cool to use slang you illiterate cunts.
Hope i can shoot 3 point shot 6 in a row... :D
So excited to be doing hair at the Key Club in Hollywood tomorrow!! Show starts at 10pm (: Swing by if ya wanna!
My family reuion is comin up can't wait
Anyhoo, feel free to ask specifics. Happy to be opinionated and helpful. ;-) (Thx for the introduction!)
#SMBAustin : we used "monopoly busters" to generate email lists for candidates.
Hello #Seattle! Can't wait to try some of your famous cuisine tonight!
The one in Lyndon? There's one just outside of Crestwood too.
"Unsinkable" Molly Brown born today, 1867. Also today, 1986, video footage of Titanic released for 1st time.
Same shit just a different day . Drama will never leave the ICONiac fanbase .
I'm mad af....wade a fuckin bum
In honor of mothers day I have rented a mini van and mom jeans and will be offering free rides and unsolicited advice
We have a BULLPEN?
Peabody Conservatory musicians & dancers performing.
today is a great day to get baked!
This is one of the most fun nights I've ever had in dc
thanks Liz! I'm just glad K wasn't in the car.
my heart stops when you look at me.
I use Opera and got no notice about version 10 - thanks for the heads-up.
All of the strangers like me best today. I'm God's favorite.
Thanks, I am excited to start there.
shut down for now- new on sale is Tuesday at Noon - new server. Not sold out!
"A wet pussy and a dry purse makes no sense!"
I like your bio, so I had to follow you. LOL!
I need a few New Orleans recommendations?
Flogging Molly...no seriously ;)
Coffee, #OPBRadio, backyard eggs, homemade toast and a hot shower. Ready for work. #readysetgo!
I'm not even hungry. I'm seriously eating because I don't want to do homework:p
Nothing like giving college advice to a cab driver first thing in the morning. Happy National Candidate Reply Date, everyone!!
yes, will tweet a picture of the dresses before I send them! must package them up later today!
Fellas, follow me.....I"ll show you where the ladies at
Speaking of Claude Shannon, there's an excellent discussion of his work in Jon Gertner's book The Idea Factory on the history of Bell Labs
my dad, which in not true. It took me awhile to convince her. So I won't be on twitter as much. I'll probably only be on at night (c)
good luck on beating the house
Criminal Minds finale! Love this show!
M Beer & Bacon! Wonder if I still have beer & bacon brats in the freezer...
Listen to UN Goodwill Ambassador #DonCheadle wrapping up the day with @ #EnvisionFilmhttp ://goo.gl/oa71N -
I asked for a kids menu to color, not to get a look from you.
Good morning twitter world! Cold and wet here in Minnesota today! Hope everyone has a great day!
in your hood@ 705 Club
disagree, Pierce was OK & yes, he's hurt. That's a fact. Allen had an off night but only 3rd Gm back from 24 day layoff
CRASH: Murray @ Teal in Beaverton
Loop/tourist focus is annoying, but he's got a point—I only have 6 proper openings on the books for all of July & August.
tell me about it!
#GreatnessIs having the courage to stand up for what you believe in, no matter what the circumstances are.
“: We fancy mushrooms. Keeping it simple.”. I see you.
Aw man! Now that Penny Taylor is hurt I can't play the game of, What quarter do you think PT will get injured?
health sleep disorders
no longer am I confused. But in response shut your ass up kailah
Hahaha geez. You dang kids with your travel phones and hippity hop. I will mail you $27 c/o the nearest dispensary for a charger.
Help stimulate local economy by shopping local. Keep jobs safe, help small business support local churches/schools, and more!...
Excited to watch this morning since I'll be studying at home all day!
looking forward to further conversation w/ people from #mindsmeet. Thanks for an enlivening evening!
Give em hell kid!
But you're in OSAKA, so that makes it a little less miserable.
Pizza of the Week: Chipotle Chicken Pizza - Chipotle Mayo Base, Mozzarella Cheese, Marinated Chipotle Chicken & Yellow and Red Peppers
Headed to SING "LIVE ON THE ROOF" with my boy Pastor Corey Brooks! Tune in now www.projecthood.org
spring break in california :)
and in a completely different context I recommended today. Safe to assume the pod people have won.
Watching west balt ravens vs spartans under 85lb in lake arbor
Everbody follow my brother !!!!!!!
Dude from Arkansas had a stoke?
James Harden looking awfully early Grant Hill in the fourth. Amazing first step and finish. Over and over.
YES the tootsie roll comercials are back!!
We hit up the original HC outpost in Manhattan often. Great place to take our 1 yr old son. Let me know when you're in town.
Like most spiritual things, spiritual growth is best done in community. ~Penny Nash
Danny Granger i hope your thinking about how your killing US! Drive to the hoop!
Fuck what society and close minded cunts say, you are beautiful. Every inch and every scar. Beautiful.
Catching up on some tosh.0... Only looks good in burnt orange
3rd time today trying to get a digital subscription, but site is SO difficult to navigate! No confirmation emails received.
Now it's sADROCKtime. + it UP - RESPECT mUSt BE pAiD.
I have a few they all are realistic.
Naaa mane leave it.
Only rel to love!Follow me back
Absolutely. Amazing.
Does it sound better as Sterling Cooper Crane Draper Pryce. Yes, that's better.
happy wednesday to you sara j
It'll be interesting to see how Tebow develops in the off season. Frankly for his first season in the NFL he did well
so when are we doing the podcast?
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.- William Shakespeare
I love thunder storms
Just saw your tweet. Scheduling is always tough; Sunday may be a little slower, but I think we'll still have plenty of people.
Wow! wrote an incredibly honest book. Writing style feels very much like A must read for any sports fan!
So excited!! RT Skipping breakfast in favor of lunch at Aldea today...
thanks! He was a real hero!
has realized to expect the best, plan for the worst, and prepare to be surprised...
Happy birthday ! My sister says that it wasn't your birthday yesterday cause you weren't home lol it took me a min to process:p
Lynette & Tom getting back together...
Looking forward to #VSAE luncheon today. See you there!
sounds great. Hope to connect with you soon. In Waukesha once a week remote. Lunch?
#taylorallderdice is trending this is awesome the only thing better would be #HawkD trending
Nice night hanging with my love, John Lancaster :) and he made me get up and sing! But everyone in there was drunker then a dog!!!!
My hair is full of confetti-____- oh well, what a EASTER!!:D
Today on TWiP in studio Skyping in from , Ty Stewart via Vegas +
If an aspiring worship leader, gets past the idolizing of becoming a worship leader then he/she is on the right path to becoming one.
What I'm Not Here For Is You Tryna Swallow Nas Bottom Lip Lmao
20 minutes early to work. Oh yay. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
no RT : I gotta feeling it'll be a Josh/Phil show down. Boo
I loved that because the action payoff at the end was worth the wait.
Master Sommeliers were in #Atlanta for the wine festival. Great weekend
Congratulations to the four IP LawMeet semi-finalists - Northwestern, Drexel, South Texas & DePaul.
Staten Island Lookin for
My twitter makes me lol
You're trending in America under the tag #brits :) Are you really doing The Voice? That's awesome. :3
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot.
I'm excited for tomorrow. <3
Why what'd he do? Don't let him get in your nerves tho, it'll ruin your mood.
In reality the world is not separate from us, but part of the continuum of consciousness.
The Dennis Seidenberg Special
That is one amazing piece of Rock & Roll history. Chris Hillman was always the real musical anchor in the band not Gram Parsons.
I couldn't possibly suggest you Google "Lydia Loren Hostage Works" :) : Does Loren have a "hostage works" article?
I'm going to bed good night(:
oh ok
On a mission to gain 15 lbs in muscle pronto.....
These bitches betta sing "FOR THEIR LIFE"!!
So pretty!
For MW book we added new types for papers and references. No code required.
Enjoying a glowing review in June issue for Oasis 6 Interconnect while David prepares for High End show in Munich.
Ben...always a number 1 favorite!
Baseball game. Beautiful outside
I never take mine as I'd probably lose it.
Aww poor is losing her voice:(
Loves an intellectual conversation!
The Pac-12 should invite Boise St. into the conference rather than forcing them to head to the Big East. The Broncos deserve their shot .
Batting .138 and still playing in the major leagues? Wtf pirates.
i know who wouldn't, i think people should do it more often. Like a hobby. A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
I want Zayn and Liam in my bed(; haha
I will go on until the end
Advance apologies to anyone going to the rapid capture workshop tomorrow-I am not practicing my talk. It is time to sleep.
i lost my number. can i punch you in the face?
are held accountable for their actions, to the full extent of American law!
Off to Museum of London's astounding Arch Research Center
Wheres the technical foul? -____- Lebron be giving the ref's the dick
rumor has it, you went big last night?
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
Kurt cobain is turning in his grave
I don't like kobe ass
of course but u already did <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
so if u dont mind me asking how old r u
Kids playing on my TL<<<<<
LIKE IF YOUR FUCKING WEARING MY SHIRT, DON'T TELL ME YOU DONT HAVE IT. OBVIOUSLY I WOULD KNOW ITS MY SHIRT
Avoid the holiday shopping crowds & purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at www.amazon.com or www.Clear2O.com!
RT Welcome to Twitter, For every new follower this month, they'll receive $5 from a generous donor.
You're asking old, tired dogs to learn new tricks without the promise of snausages.
thanks for following!
tweet me "MAHONE" if you want a shoutout :D
DID YOU KNOW? The haunted USS Hornet will be highlighted at MGC this fall? It was also featured in Season 4 of Ghost Adventures.
": Make that 4 trailers :)
you got it Beverly. Thank you for the support. It's comments like this that do spread motivation. :)
CANT WAIT TO SEE MB PERFORM!
That's not possible Bron is the devil RT : Seriously. I think I hate Wade twice as much as Bron.
"And you can drop in. On all the music they play. On the Bandstand. Bandstand". RIP Dick Clark. Thx for being a conduit of music.
spell it right I got more than 2 g's. :p fagot!
Just filled up my gas tank. I think I need a Xanax.
damn boo! Well the movie is great! Enjoy!!
#Kimwedding ; who cares ?? Seriously?
Its my birthday saturday ! #tequilashots :)
Man, I should shut off the computer. Watching stuff that makes me sad isn't a good plan.
ya for sure. Could I get some more info?
RT - USA rugby team tackle like my nan! Would have more luck if they put the miami dolphins team on against Australia! Le...
RT : as you are getting your marketing together for #MothersDay - what items can you offer for DAUGHTERS?
RT : not sure quote what happened with Bunkley, but that is a huge move for Denver. One of best run stuffing DTs in league.
“Success is often achieved by those who don’t know that failure is inevitable.” – Coco Chanel
#LAMHarvard JPalfrey: we need disciplinarity first. What should we maintain in the three disciplines? Convergence exposes our weak points.
could be my man any day
Drafted you on my fantasy team. I need that Rocky Mountain air to give you .280/25/100+.
Happy Thanksgiving. c:
I'm sorry! I had to go to class. What was it?
There are tons of parents who would be very happy to have the kinds of 'problems' mentioned.
I have officially decided what my baby names will be.. Girl: Avery or April .. Boy: Drew or Sawyer LOL i'm only 15 ;-)
Amazing, amazing day with good friends. Wish they weren't all in other places for college.
Thanks! Fixed it. I throw those in just to make sure someone is reading. ;)
Thanks to photojournalist Bill Middeke for scraping every car in the lot!
I wouldn't know anything about local news sites with strange names.
When I started totell everyone SF was my true love, I knew I found my home
I'm a god damn goblin.
I really wish Ozzie Guillen got fired today. 4 games in would have made my day.
Sarahh is beautiful(: not helena. lol
I think the person that drew that needs help, or art classes. (play me, I suck, but not as bad as this person lol)
I know I'm going digital with my shoot The question is: #RedEpic or ArriAlexa?
I gotta stop sleeping so much!
This Is What I Told Her!!!
A little scary. A friend of a friend in town might have meningitis and is in the hospital right now.
Follow us on Twitter !
ima walk her home then ima be wit kelvin and them
I only respond to Queen...
#Np Ms.Harmony by Robin Thicke...
Test post from the console
OMG i do the same thing to:D
• Uh-oh, will there be potty problems? My chihuahua has a sensitive digestive tract...
Learning abt Twitter lists fm Reminds me I need to update my nicarians list. Message me if you want to be added.
Are you selling high on Josh Hamilton?
naa i wish the worst for you, for causing problems with my relationship, ruining my life, ruining friendships, you just deserve the worst.
“To be a great champion you must believe you are the best. If you’re not, pretend you are.” –Muhammad Ali
The 3rd Sadat allowed a law that a woman can "ask" for divorce if her husband marries another woman to live with her.
The world will little note nor long remember what we say here
Girl you looked hot today!!
how is your guitar?
Welcome to Break That Single. Indie music artist home of Hot new singles. Submit your singles to Nate Fulwood and lets "Break That Single
I THINK YOU ARE MAGICAL!
count us in
Oh gawd...thanks for the quick reminder of the south and one of the many reasons I'm not there.
I just wasted like 1 minuet of my life listening to austin talk about irrelevant shit about the concert. Ok.
Good luck.
very good.
If you grind hard enough then that bitch will keep comin
The coyotes and the kings BOTH just need to be out of the playoffs #just sayin
Our mission is to provide you with the highest-quality products and services possible in a timely fashion and at a competitive price.
ive broken so much flatware in my life, i feel like the damn hulk
yep. The real real one. Hahah
Just in time to be done with BLS right?
US Title Services, LLC was founded in 1998 by Ronald Kaminsky and real estate attorney William Judge. ustitleco.com
Dude Mohawk dry as hell
pretty darn close since you didn't come to 's apartment and eat cookies with us
New pics to be posted today.
List the things that have to be done to make your visualization a reality. The dream will come true.
"Bate and Hook" --yes bate is spelled wrong
"MUSIC IS LIKE CONVERSATION"~ Renowned JAZZ PIANIST & celebrity local JOSHUA WHITE & TRIO (bass/drum) 8pm ~$10pp
Thanks buddy!
This New Year, don't forget our events. January 15th at 2:30 Daria Rabotkina will be performing on the piano as part of Concerts at Coe Hall
I want to go to NYC, anyone in that area want some work done?
#Conservative s should DROP all business w/sponsors who dropped #Rush. Name-calling is a #Liberal move, but Ms Fluke asked to be a target
AH! That was the thing I was missing.
"Listen to my mixtape man!" No it's not...it's fucking trash.
it's going to be intense, but we knew it would come. Let's keep on dancing and let the decision be what it is
Well this blows....
Thoroughly enjoyed all of the sets -- Canary Oh Canary, Absent Center, Trillions, & Asobe Seksu! So glad I braved the rain.
Two baseball games on tv. All is right again with the world.
new photos coming soon and a little video too...
know anyone on the board who could bring this up?!
Share your experience of the special performance by du Soleil at #drupa – Tweet your photos with
When I have children I’m going to make them watch the movie 2012 and tell them I survived that.
My cat makes a shitty table.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot doWalter Bagehot
Pour beer perfect
Any business that want to be advertised for a great low cost PLEASE contact me!
#buffalo bills/sabres lead it
Kwame Brown solely an expiring contract/IR or could he play a role in future?
Back in Cville and it's going down haha. Job interview tomorrow
If you raise less money than you need, it may help you from scaling prematurely, while allowing you conduct small tests-AMonin
Nothing improves the memory more than trying to forget.
Gov. McDonnell reminds me so much of Romney. Do we gravitate toward people who look like/act like us?
What bill?
I'm hungry and the only thing open is taco bell. I don't do taco bell
gym time!
Teaching to documentary on farming to backyard farming to dance partying. Tuesday.
hey beautiful your not a Loser, how are you? :)
Happy Birthday <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>
<U+2708>Bye Bye Dallas, On my way home ATL :)
If you had unlimited money to remodel your house, what room would you start with?
Tomorrow for my Action Film class, I'm watching Cobra, Commando, and Assault on Precinct 13. I can't believe I'm getting a degree for this!
Tune in all weekend & week long - up until April 27th, 2012 for a chance to win & tickets!
#Brewers Manager Ron Roenicke joins me at 8:15am CST Will Rickie Weeks be back in the lineup today? Where will he hit?
That sounds so awesome, I really should be eating only bread and water after everything I ate on the holiday!
Mfs blow me
RT : One out walk to Solid Ab. Close pitches.
Right?! Common courtesy.
Run throughs are a huge deal, I don't know why you don't know that, Andrea.
Wagyu zabuton - tender, smoked cipollini onion - well done, smashed parsnips - well seasoned, pickled asparagus - delicate touch of winter..
Sorry about not being able to update our twitter :/ we'll keep on posting again from now on :D
we have taken over other countries...lol and it kills its own all the time >><
text me his number and name
Online college education has feasible tuition rates in addition to grants, scholarships, loans etc. Educate yourself at a low cost
“ Sleep “ I coud never get at a female on twitter/facebook dats out my character””lmaooo
Going to lay it down....wat a fucking boring day it was!
Negra Modelo in hand. B.B King singing. Proposal TIme.
What's your function?
#imagine *Austin dmed you*"god made you.Then he made me,Then he whispered meant to be.<U+2665> -anna
When was the last time you had a real fresh squeezed #lemonade? Go get one now at in #Seattle. Only $2! All weekend long.
I hope i have a job later in life when im my own boss. My own hours
My luck is freaking awful. Just broke my loaner phone the day before a road trip I'm making to Indy. Now I'm down $50 AND phoneless. >:-{
Wahhh! ;) I'm speaking more to the people who are actually complaining about NYR/NJD.
Going to washington dc in spring break(:
Good morning & God bless erbody .
man, i still have to shower -_- and then i'll have to study for my Spanish final fuckkkkkkkk WHY
& go hooping without me they go running on the beach without me. It's like I stink b. Do I stink b ?
Note to occupy - If bandana on your face is an attempt to remain anonymous, recommend u don't give your name to the news photographer.
happy birthday ya cheeky bastard
it's a spectra 5 door.
#theoscars just showed a clip of ET. I'm going to have bad dreams now!
RT : Like the global competitive view Eric Dishman uses comparing green tech and health tech. Effective
Exciting to be entering into the 150th Anniversary battles for American Civil War Reenacting. First Stop..Manassas, Virginia
A moral compass edges two degrees past bigotry , two degrees closer to true north. Will light a candle ,will walk tonight...
you're leaving??? for where? p.s. happy hour soon, please?
Many females bring dirt on boys when in reality we all have are same ways.
Another valuation is comparables and projected growth
Being bored depends on what you were doing before you were bored. Did you learn from the moment, or did you just finish it and stare at it?
Check it out! HGTV's Property Brothers filmed in Lofty Dog! Thanks to Jonathan & his crew! Drew, we missed ya!
Great idea Has a broker ever been awarded an exclusive assignment over twitter? I am sure that would get their attention!
21 year old rookie Jordan Lyles goes against Cliff Lee today if they play.
Every had someone that you wanted too kill sit in the same room. Stay calm
What an incredible experience--delivered the wishes of thousands of children urging our leaders to keep families together this holiday.
good afternoon! happy sunday!
Did you know Jack Del Rio loss his job from jacksonville jags
RT I hope #MarianoRivera retires, just so we can see #Yankees fans freak out about their closer like the rest of us.
Closing my eyes be back later. Mwah
Play Self Destruction.....
On edge of my seat!! Let's do this. RiseNYK
I already have a letter posted to the EU! They also lack karaoke bars!
oh that's bad :/ and you have try it to eat?
Do you know of issues with the image uploader? Been trying all morning, but keep getting error message "unable to upload file"
BREAKING - 2nd Trivia question of the day to be posted at 9:30pm EST - RT this tweet and tune in at 9:30pm EST
#MyThoughtsDuringSchool I really need to get my nails done, and could always use a new outfit...mall after class <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
It hurts that and dont know I exist:/
Table read for Ernie's Girls tonight!
Lots of stuff! And we are excited to see the ballet! :)
why do people hate it that much? i think it's fine!
Hilarious. All the black women I know are fat in the right places.. But whatevs.
Calvin Johnson is a great player, but does someone really NEED all of that money?
#FF love to my new followers and ! Thanks for the add :)
hey sorry was getting glue glitter out of my hair
thanks so much for sharing all of your work with us. it was great to meet you all!
haha well still ate it
assembley's are so fun, i make them fun by my weirdness ;)
#np: Eye of the Tiger (randomly shuffled on my ipod)
VID Pls dont hide from them... Let them in 4 a moment...4 them it's not just a vid awareness injection 4 adults re:
Next for & Indy Wine Fest - the Arbios Cellars Alexander Valley Cabernet Sauvignon. Family-owned & small production!
Yea im super bored, so im gonna tweet, tweet me?(:
thanks my man!
Might hit up the beach with my liddo sister, then gots to go buy my mama something for mothers day(: #productiveday(:
I'm going to bed! #goodnight:)
Kris Williams... 100%... I think I might love that ghost hunting temptress...
Seeing your teacher at a party would be hilarious!
what time do you work today?
Today I gave IKEA four hours of my life that I will never get back.
Rng needs to stay!
JP Morgan, a bank too big to fail, lost $2 billion dollars in trading. This is why we should elect Republicans to regulate banks less.
You don't like Cody Simpson? Cluck you.
Boys love air boxing.
So proud of you handsome! House warming party ASAP! I'm naming your house on Foursquare "China Doll"
Nice...which one do you use, the quadballer?
French is kinda hard.
Restaurant week our way! $26.40 for two 2 glasses of wine one appetizer and one dessert.
Damn. Devils just tied it up.
im really sorry :( we shouldnt have gone outside either
can i ask you a quick question?
“: Oh, you know every single line to Step Brothers? I wonder what you do on Friday nights.” they got me lol
No motivation whatsoever to begin reading "To Kill A Mockingbird"
#Bucs draft RB Doug Martin with the 31st pick in the
Welcome back my friend to the show that never ends, we're so glad you could attend, come inside come inside.
Having a leg cramp. Decided to tweet about it.
Just threw some $ into office Mega Millions pool. Imagine how many grindhouse DVDs I could get with Half a Billion!
Marcus Hotels are discounting hotel rooms during the storm: Mon 01/31-Wed 02/02 at Pfister, InterContinental, and Hilton. Be safe.
Need more information about self selection bias in online surveys, especially with regards to age
YOU ARE THE TECH GODDESS, MISSY!
or be sold for $6
I wish I was one of those #writers who could focus outside because it's unbelievable in #DC today
Sweet! , when do you talk ? And , you coming to rep the male side?
Do you feel that the brian characters sexualized relationships with humans has lead to an uptick in beastiality? nasty...
2 things I am thankful for: God & John Mayer on indefinite hiatus. The latter single handedly proving the existence of a higher power. : )
Rudy Gay #slaw. OJ Mayo is a bust. And Tony Allen look homeless
oh gay.
fuck it. i love my music.
I was thick as hell today ; )
so who do we want to win? This hurts!!!
Yes! Final projects will be up online shortly. You will be proud of this year's work just like we are!
hey!!! Plz respond or follow
It was a great show! I wish you coulda been there!!!
Can't say I didn't see that coming
thanks for picking out my outfit:)
What?? : Drops of blood on carpet ... broken glass ... Amare hiding his left hand. Game 2 already seems forgotten, no?”
ha you probably haven't even been sleep yet huh?
buy my ticket and I'll pay you back :,) I'll give you the money tomorrow
at the Big Ten Tourney working oh so hard, Let's see if Iowa can pull out a win and ruin Michigan St.'s tourney chances
Praising God is a priority.
Sun is out.
Not being a man of many words, I am delighted to discover that Twitter is the perfect vehicle to properly express the true essence of my thi
Nation's Homeownership Rate Hits 15-Year Low - LoanSafe
I follow you. Now you follow me. NOOWWW! Love you!
Is the best SDCC Hotel EVER! If you want to take a break from the maddness you can walk to Starbucks, Vela, Fox Sports Grill
Going all day without a phone<<<<<<
So sorry about the long line! :( Lunch time on Monday's and Friday's are always the busiest especially at month's end.
"*croaky voice* my names mary and I used to be a smoker" "thats gonna be you alexa" hey kys.
Trying to get up so I can get my hair stitched back up
PLEASE!! stop saying Jordan wouldnt have let his team get blown out!! YOU SOUND DUMB!!!
“: Is zma good for a person who's trying to loose weight”. I like to do things without supplements." Holla!
Just made a skype account
a poodle on the edge
Meet #BennuDancer Zoe! A lovely artist originally fr England. She performs both Middle Eastern #bellydance & Flamenco. yfrog.com/nyt4uhxj
Hi, Rebecca! Thanks for the retweet!
Smile lifes to short, and dont get wrinkles either
Nail shop.. I like it when its not busy
appreciate that. You know I'm not the type to do that
I'm fine too. by the way.. why did you have to put that scary clown on your display picture here? :/
Hope to see you all in New Orleans at #SGIA! AnaJet Booth # 1345
Not sure about the interracial angle. Hasn't Tiger always been white?
goats love to go to strip clubs too.
from Whole Foods and they are so good. I have to hide them to keep from eating them all day. Lol
Good morning followers <3
First Leda show tonight. Nervous/excited. It's a benefit for
tree cousin.. ::) you be good now lol
R.I.P. Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys #RIP MCA.
what do you do sir?
I'm up dancing
as soon as I can find a consistent studio here! I might end up coming up there to record
What is this bunk about a War on Women? Women get more govt goodies in almost every category. The sense entitlement astounds.
thanks! Nice to be back, I hadn't realized how much I missed it
RT : shouldn't be more concerned with #OccupyWallstreet than McDonalds monopoly? ;p
Broccoli cheese soup from Panera >>>
Wish I could say I was tweeting while I was walking, but it was just my own math #fail: 1^100=1
Aww Molly is adorable. Glad she made it too
Unfortunately in College Station, although I hear their new ballpark is amazing!
I'm feelin like ms. spontaneous right about now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
please contact me Monday about the estore. Thanks.
cool! RT: : The new iPad can make RAINS COME FROM THE SKY!!!
Prosecutors can still recommend that certain teens be tried as adults-but a judge will make the final determination after a hearing
Tyvm I appreciate it
My bro just came home from jail... And he is so ANNOYING now
Need to change this tv too .
Every purchase of $50 or more includes a DOWN TO BLAZE shirt for free!! CHECK OUT OUR 14 Strains! BLACK ICE! SAN FERNANDO VALLEY OG KUSH!
Thanks for rt!
Is central Indiana economy that depressed? Pacers, 3rd best in East, are averaging 885 fewer fans per game than Charlotte, which is 7-54.
thanks for the retweet! Happy Friday!
Actions speak louder than words.....unless that person is yelling
Deleting every memory of me and you, yep I starting off new!:)
Denver Post hockey writer Adrian Dater joins us on The Score right now to talk NHL Awards and Draft. Check him out on AM1510!
Wife got pukin' drunk last night. Atta Girl!
"Tell me and I will forget. Show me and I'll remember. Involve me and I will understand." - Confucius
love that show!
Big thanks to for taking time to help students with a sponsorship project. Obrigado meu amigo!
All of Our Hero's meals are
Mr. Capone-E (:
": Understanding possibilities are endless once u put forth the effort with confidence! BE FREE .... Chris Brown"
Igor: [suddenly appears next to Fredrick] I understand. I understand. Why are you shouting?
The business of business is tiresome.
i really do
Playing MW3 and workingout in between maps!! Yeah buddy
#FVSU I remember the first time I went to the SWAMP which was SPR 2012 , it was a Que party . The memories still haunt me lol !!!
Embellishing summer 2012: embellished dresses &amp; accessories
This cup of coffee is not vat-sized enough for this Monday.
And no mention of Etta James? Or was that my imagination? Pretty sad if they forgot her completely. #Grammys were weird this year.
Dog days of Jan/Feb in CBB.. All practice, no games!!
Those boots are beyond adorable! (:
Shredded Wheat is Horrible.
Isn't she preggo?????? The Chilean should go back to Jersey
If it takes a KB article to tell me which mail app I can accept a calendar invite in, the calendaring environment is broken.
hope they weren't leftover too long.. remember Sushi isn't cooked :-O j/k
Nigga scared the shit outta me
You said kobe doesn't pass the ball -_- you think he magically got 4 assist you're dumb ahah i know basketball
you say hes just a friend! lol
Go follow my personal (:
Donald - AMAZING!!!! Are you serious?
I'm about to come back to GA black as fuck lol I'm enjoying this moment in my life
Sunday evening BBQ = Monday pain.
Bye you guys, I'm going to do my homework!:]
Got my car :)
I'd be a person that got put on punkd cause I'm so gullible
bug folks!!! This is why I love Twitter.
The 10-year old found behind the wheel in The Dalles is with his mother. The case has been sent to child protective services for follow-up.
never takes her spandex off. She even waers them in the shower.
The new hot dog stuffed crust pizza at Pizza Hut should be the clinching argument for the unconstitutionality of universal healthcare
thank you! i had her symbol already i just wanted that quote it reminded me of her
1785 - Brit inventor Joseph Bramah patents the beer-pump handle. So pull us a dram for a pt of pure-i.e. I’d like a glass of Guinness Stout
I just want to go to high school already.
Newest short, "127 Minutes", coming this week!
First rehearsal for Judgment at Nuremberg. Katharine Ross. Ian Patrick Williams. Kevin Kelly. Betsy Baker. Holger Moncada. Amazingly great!
LOL, you said you were going to be high-wired tonight, didn't you?
It is just wrong!! Enough !!
Can anyone recommend a good art appraiser?
RT : Me too!! And 'loose'? ... Why do people think that spells 'lose'???!!! <- !!! Attack of the Grammar Fatality.
Experience becomes possible because of language.
have you had more success, with organizations or in life, taming an existing flame or staring a new fire?
Wow, major kitchen issues at the Gate House tonight.
i have so many games... used to play multiple times per day. Now it's weekly... looks like it's dropping off slowly.
The keyboard is what keeps me hanging on. RT : #Random: is Blackberry still around ...
so far my dude, I agree
Lesson Learned: Do Something For Someone That Can't Repay You.
Tx for the RT :-) I found the article very interesting and now have even deeper admiration for Louis C.K. - great biz mind!
Sadly the only thing people are really interested in is you telling them how right they are or how good they are.
Its going good! And yes, technically is my competition lol but I let that slide
get it girl! im hoping to run 8 today. which i set off to do yesterday and barely squeaked out 4
Jeremiah 22:3 "This is what the Lord says: ...Do no wrong or violence to the alien, the fatherless or the widow ..."
Followers, have a question about myCampus/CampusEAI? Tweet or send us a DM so we can direct you to the answer!
Rangers taking over damn
Can parliamentary Initiatives be sexied up? will tell us how.
Enjoy the game. I'm tuned in to "The Big One" while watching other games on my iPhone. Best day of the year!
like the good old day...
no way >:D mine is XD lmao, I got my classes today :)
Life is like #Twitter. We wish we had more room to write all we think. But we just have these short 140 chars. Time is short, choose wisely.
ha ha ha ha ha awesome!
A big Happy B Day to my idol living it up in Paris Damita Jo aka Love you xoxo.
That's sad, and a little cute. I wink at people all the time. That's like... my only shtick.
So if Jessica Simpson has her kid, do you think it will look like Mearth from Mork & Mindy?
Kudos Alpha Omega chapter of Alpha Chi Omega on Outstanding Chapter Scholarship Program at Birmingham Southern College!
any plans to start selling in the 'couv?
This past Sunday Agents spent nearly 9 days of time inside our app. We hope you enjoyed your stay.
Adorable! Congratulations!
oh, yes. my Green Green Curry was delicious. my only regret was not ordering a double helping
all half times r lip sync
You're gonna have to do more than make a rap about my dick to get under my skin, kid. I make jokes about my wiener everyday! Haha
true, but all objects have shadow and texture variations
listening to another great World Series game.
What's more obscene than all that: Newt Gingrich
follow me, to help women fight ovarian cancer
Gonna start unfollowing the Thunder dick riders/Laker haters smh
to upload pic please link your account with Facebook (settings/connections). We are in the process of adding the option.
Thank you for following us.
God bless everyone!!!
the funny thing about "electability" is that your not really "electable" if you loose your parties primary.
got me crackin up over here!
you're welcome! :)
Bored, && Waiting For My Friend To Text Me Back. Lol
What online ads *do* work? What gets your attention?
I remember you talking about Senate Bill 5550 a while ago, hence the reason I directed this to you. I can't seem to find an answer
yeah wish we could've pulled you something big outta baseball. You did get the upton jersey in the random if you havent noticed
Therefore do not be anxious about tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself. Sufficient for the day is its own trouble. Matthew 6:34
At least he asks. My gift? A blank stare on Sunday. Sigh.
IT'S SPURS time!
Help trend #MahoneOnB96 try to get back here!! :)
Thanks for that RT, Nicholas!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 20
“Before you speak,think-Is it necessary? Is it true? Is it kind? Will it hurt anyone? Will it improve on the silence?”Sri Sathya Sai Baba
now that, I can do!
pinball is fun. Oh and double dragon is a classic!
juat got done workin on #AllStar (music video) w
Happy St. Patrick's Day Everyone! Don't forget to wear green!
I will support until the end<3
Clay Walker is taking the stage to perform at #MSconf 2010! Woot!
Happy Friday everyone! Fantasy Football Playoffs stressing you out? I can't sleep! Our site with products and contests will be out soon!
7 days yes seven days until the best show ever starts!! So excited!! Esp since steven tyler has joined! Hopefully my rockers represent!!
It's sad that they stoop to the level of racial politics.
And yet that cloud bloomed only for a minute
Get the blow by blow, as Lady Antebellum talks about their music, track by track, up now in Artist Audio!
#ontheroad Headed back to Nashville!! Yayy:))
you only live once lol
Do you believe in god?
Senator Rosen says maybe someone will come up really great funding idea for stadium during hearings
Yay for Aaron. Great job!!
so go to school in Boston, or come to chill with me at BU
I hope waits!
"All you send into the lives of others, does come back into your own."
You reach the state of Realization when you cast off the conditioning of your material equipments and become one with transcendental Reality
im all done haha i just have to keep going over everything at this point.
Cinco De Mayo with Latin Jazz
still waiting...
#Movember! #Cleveland Prostate cancer awareness!!!
Happy Mother's Day!
will b doing a video at Pets Alive on Fri 4 Animal Shelter Tour. Every1 is welcome to bring donations!
#ThatAkwardMoment when you are with your friend waiting for a youtube video to load, nd there is an akward silence
I've been feeling the same thing! :(
So when is Justin gonna start fucking his fans? I'm waiting.
can't recall but might be repressed memory!
MW3 all night long <U+E056><U+E113><U+E230><U+E059> <U+E32B> the green
enjoy the drive and be careful baby-love u
It has arrived! I nearly kissed the FedEx man
LA friends! We're playing The CIA with our friends on Thursday! See you there
they knew we were nice people & would take good care of this new baby.
Happy Easter everybody! Looking forward to spending the next few days with my mama and my sister. :-)
Are you ready for Monday?
Andie's 2am post and the talk on tag this afternoon
um. I don't even think I remember. ^.^
I can personally recommend it! It's nice to have a place to work through your thoughts in dialogue with friends/peers.
Disagree vehemently. The icy camerawork, script, Oldman, Hurt, Hinds, Cumberbatch + Strong work for me. Rewatched the series too.
I'm nervous now.
If likes it, it has to be good.
Lawmaker wants Disneyland In Clark
just smile. i dnt remember JBrooks ever being down, he always looked on the bright side..
Australia, other side of the world :/
I trust your now 's new stunt man. I'll have to get full report from you.
roof top sesh !
I played you! For sure
OMG YAY ITS TWO PEOPLE I LOVE BIRTHDAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
I have been on both, agree, and can't wait to go on again.
Starting back at the gym today after a nice hibernation. Gotta rip it up on the wakeboard this Spring.
Making shirts tomorrow! So excited. Gonna have merch for the tour!
Congrats on winning #Homebuilder of the Year. And Best New Innovative Product and Best Green Building Mktg and... :)
Did you that it is actually very easy to steal certain foods from Meijer?
Hello! welcome to the family glad to see theres more Alona fansites out there :)
The US produces 4.4 billion pounds of pasta annually, making it the second largest pasta-producing nation.
Yeah. Interesting, LBJ and Kobe weren't there LOL Maybe next time. I am not a fan of either one, btw :D
to be blunt, yes. Personally, if it's about TV, I'm more about live blogging than just "checking in." lol
your hat is on the filing cabinet next to the desk! Thanks again!!
You are a JOY to work with! Can't wait to work with you again! :-)
hey i love your name - mine is Brandaleen follow me over
RT : Twitter is working with high-profile users to increase the quality of content on the network, says
A hospital gig in La Jolla? Yes, that's right.
What a fucking asshole! He used to be the sweetest guy ever, Smh.
Beyonce is pregnant. She showed off her fetus at the MTV VMA's last night.
#INLegis: Smoke in bars is OK because no one's under 21, but kids in smoke-filled clubs is OK, as is smoky charity gaming in schools. Huh?
Ha! Another mention for Taco Bell: - RT Craving Taco Bell, i want that Doritos burrito again !
blah blah blah. shut up stupid whore.
Yes -- that was crazy! 5.8 earthquake according to wvec
you fought hard sir. Learn from yr lose and come back hard.
Aha - so that's why today is ObamaGridlockAlert day in NYC.
I'm in love with instagram and picstitch
My foot fell asleep, so I drew a penis on it.
Never again am I eating taco bell beef.
Hi, please follow me so I can respond to your mes. thanx
to see if she liked it she could sing my song its really nice can u at least tell her that plz!!!!
I'm quite well! I miss you. We should get together, been so long!!! :)
i was already following him. thank god i was cuz i'd sure hate to be doing that!!
Hey dog lovers, sign up with Furryboo, the free daily coupon site for dog items.Max & Ruffy's coupon will be released soon! Sign up today
I wanna box! And kick some ass!!
Even Joel Anthony's hairline is racing backwards lol
I screamed wen i saw the stand up in macys. I sprayed my self and told random people to smell me(:
Haha yea, I literally lol'd
Thanks for the RT :)
Should be another beautiful day out there! Which beach are you headed to?
bars..... we can no longer be friends
It's Friday and it's 5 o'clock somewhere
Jeremy Lin should be playing 2nt. 15mins w/o Mike Bibby on the court could make the difference between Game 6 & no more basketball for NYC
That's all now I'm off to bed
So, did I mention that I got accepted to two #PhD programs? And I am a co-author on a paper for #AERA? I may or may not be terrified!
thank you<3
that was a thrill (:
Fareal. That's love if I never knew it, yo. I've never even met her or spoken to her and she bought two tracks.. fuck man
niggas think the same thing about women though!!
supp boo how ya been
It's SIMPLE if your garbage twitterer you will be deleted.
The Bavarian Lodge totally should have made the list!
Blind and deaf museum in Tel Aviv today!!
Haha okay! But I will probably only get on here the weekends :P
Asus Unveils First Quad-Core Tablet, E Pad Transformer Prime
Completely disinterested in new #NBA franchise in #Seattle. But the #NHL? Bring it on. *Bangs on glass*
sent me a direct message, but I cannot respond to them directly unless they follow me. Oh well!
have you seen pushing daisies?
Word man! I will be working and finishing up the instrumental this week!
Yeah, it's called One Week by Barenaked Ladies.
What have we learned tonight about #CHIEFS........Well...our punt team doesn't suck?!?
It's 53 F outside. I'm gonna swim anyways.
Any cereal with the words "crisp" or "crunch" in the name shreds the roof of my mouth.
Today is one of those days that I wish I was back in Paris in the rain. I can't wait to go back to Europe.
^Herb Adderly, Green Bay Packers cornerback (Super Bowl II): "(When asked if he would rather play the game in Los Angeles or Miami) "I'll...
happy birthday!!!! :)
Ketchup = salsa - veggies. If little E questions your math, send him to me. Happy weekend!
MEXICO HERE WE COME!!!!!!
Kobe about to get rough.
But we do actually have bacon covered hotdogs....
OMG, the bunnies are following me!
Waking up late and feeling like shit
Craving a night of poor life decisions. Vegas in two weeks! Can't wait!!!!
life comes at us a million miles per hour.. if we slip, may may never recover..
how are we meeting up? Train? Car pickup? Or? Cos I now have no way to get the concert :|| and I'm spazzing
they're both the same price pretty much, but I absolutely love Woodley Park/zoo area. Downside is it's smaller than Van Ness location.
LOL i know how that feels!
Woah, that was strange - I thought I was back in Google for the last hour... oh wait, I was! :)
Had a great weekend at the Made In Hawaii expo.
God only knows how much I hate the rain!
I don't see why someone wouldn't hire you as a photog here in town. Have you applied at all the stations?
No wonder nothing gets done, they are too busy responding to phone calls from your users...
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE IN A MEETING, NOT FOLLOWING THE TWITTERZ.
Lean how to use text messaging to keep your customers up to date on the lates news about your business!
#I would give anythin to get u by my side.:))
I gotta watch what I say In Twitter since like people from my school have a Twitter & they follow me now. O.O FUUUUUUU!!
tit for tat, my friend!
Today’s Beverly specials: Soup of the day is Tomato. Sugar free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Have a little faith in me
Follow my tweets,is Sexy related to Gossip Girl online streams
Why have a heart if that shit can b broken
many education clients.
I signed up for one of the sections. My email is if you need to connect with me!
Oh and I forgot we love you ladies and have a great day : )
I HATE school!!
Does that mean its several TV channels can't pick up a live feed of a San Diego station or something to that effect?
Check your DM's...I'm logging off for now but will get your reply....
Weather Trends: Best Beaches for Memorial Day: Check out weathertrends360's picks for the best beach weather in the US and around the...
My wife just asked me, "who are you wearing?"
Watching final destination 5 :)
If it's 1/2 full it's 2x as big as it needs to be. Mine crashes as well. Apple's solution? Uninstall MS products.
I hope your not saying that too me... :/
I love my mom!
#HowAboutWe only go to school two days a week, and have 5 day weekends.
thanks! :) it's a great place to visit - I'm sure you'll have fun!
Reminder. The dustys. This thursday. 7:30. At a place in DC. Vitamin Water Uncapped LIVE.
with muhh cuz:) I love him.... he is a can of nuts:) hahaha:) whoa dude too many juice boxes!
For shame. I can never RT you because of your privacy settings. :(
Lot's O' Tees to print to keep our peeps happy! It's all about keeping the peeps happy, being bored & broke is the other option. Nope.
it depends on what kind of research you do. Qualitative or quantitative. And my interests actually don't lie in obesity (+)
Many heart-felt congratulations to Indian government on tonight's successful long-range missile launch. Take that Kim Jong-un
Headlines can make or break your content. Remember to put just as much effort into your headlines as you do in the rest of your content.
I feel ya! Mines is more of a Whackberry than a Blackberry or Crackberry. I hate it!
Am I crazy for wanting to run Westheads' 'Running in the fast lane?'
Worked with some today hahahaaa. Drew, Paul and JJ kinda has the same ring to it as George, John, Paul and Ringo.
please follow me i love<U+2665><U+2665> you ! :)
Guys who are at least 6'2" >>>>
not home grown, but raised beds are on the todo list this weekend and next
I see a trip to wawa in your future!
when everyone was taller than me>>
Back To Sleep I Go...
oh but dnt he like u back
hey what u doing?
I hope and come back soon bc o miss there tweets :(
Just moments ago spoke @ the SHIELDS LA site visit for the Foster Care Caucus' 2012 Listening Tour.
Opening! SENIOR ATTORNEY, BOSTON: Must have strong real estate experience and JD. Interested? Send me a message!
Klinsmann’s first match in charge of the U.S. National Team will be against Mexico on Aug. 10 in Philadelphia.
The inner geek in me is freaking out... HARRY POTTER WORLD
Bulls live to fight another day
Who ever is prank calling my house phone has me dying omg LMFAOOOO :'] , ya niggas funny !
my favorite color is red, but it all depends!
I just want to say I caught your comedy show live up in Poughkeepsie NY years ago and laughed so hard I pissed my pants...~@&
I'm pretty sure waking up at 3 AM every night isn't a good thing.
I'm so BA. Ya know out till midnight for Firensics... #nerd xD
Congrats to on a VERY successful grand opening last week! If you havn't tried one of their burgers yet you're missing out!
Senatus Populusque Romanus => For the senate and people of Rome, abbreviated SPQR
Crank up the tunes... Back from practice and the serious cleaning session starts now!
A2. Getting a schedule that works for you is key. I adjusted my ed calendar from 5X week to 4X...made all the difference
Im glad its breezy out. I forgot to buy appropriate shorts for work
Uncirculated & signed OBEY print now up to $60! Keep it going, it's all for The Epilepsy Foundation!! Check out the BIC page on Facebook.
So much editing! Love it
I'm totally sending you a pack of cream soda in the package I'm building for you guys. :P Where do I mail it???????
Russ is bitchinnn except I don't know what he's saying half the time
so thankful to be exposed to so many influential + amazing women
She's a STAR!! And her picture is HUGE. I'm going to show it off to her husband tonight :)
vertigo is no fun
Magic Pan, Cinco de Mayo, Putumayo.
Sounds awesome! Great way to finish too :)
I hate bugs with a burning passion
Marabeth Madsen~ Sanity is a small price to pay for happiness.
Wishing I had extra cash to spend on
Right on!
Thanks...I think. I like super hero...mutant, maybe...but couldn't ever do capes. :)
Hope your successful wherever you go.!
Heavy Rain satisfied emotional needs. People aren't that unreasonable. We can let holes go, but had no emotional close
Last day to save 25% on fashion accessories! Use code SPRINGFASHION in your shopping cart. Use it on sale items and save up to 85%!
Still bumpin that trip 6 over everything
Some day I'll be good in the studio !!!!!
My dad invited his friend over to watch the matrix
Thanks for the follow! Hope you're well!
HE'S TALKING ABOUT MY GRANDMA! RT Respect to all the ballers to come from Paterson. Past and Present. Tradition never dies!
I Saw That Tweet And I Was Like "Hey! I Said That!" (:
you know something.. i never thought i would get him attention and when i didnt expect it he followed me #chinup x
I didn't think he was that cute to be honest haha
Are people who get flue shots pessimists?
off yo ass an on yo feet you aint got time to beat yo meat
Real nice to run into you two (I mean three!) the other day !
Great learning experience watching Japanese tea ceremony. #anthropologyofperformance conference at umn.
Excited for #tenzingTasting this Monday. So many great people coming.
Good Lookin Out Bro As Always. Its People Like You That Really Put The City On
Every woman deserves to be treated like a queen <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
hi! I hear we might see you today!!
It's #YPWeek - Milwaukee! Gathered some new insights on FB, Twitter and Pinterest
I can't drink for twelve hours like I used to.
haha okay we'll get one soon! thinking about subs makes me want subway so effing bad...
If Lebron gets another and 1 shoot I might vomit
#HighShit RT #what2ChainzWouldSay "All I Smoke is LOUD, I don't Smoke No Regula"
It must be #Glee night. Because I'm on the other side of the house, wearing headphones.
Playlist in the Red Line station (Jackson): Fast Car, Stairway. Guy looks like Snoop Dog. Good voice.
Please dont like mainstream music. Please dont like mainstream music. Please dont like mainstream music. "I like mainstream music." -______-
Nigga said he got swag rockin a turtleneck wit some windbreaker pants. #MANITSCOLDIZHELLOUTHERE!
Not many show up to my birthday party, I'm so fucking bum.
Thank you sir!! I wasn't abler to watch it so i'm downloading it. I heard the outcomes and i'm so excited to see it.
Ever seen a robotic spider, a rocket ship, or a fire breathing dragon? Paul meets their inventors at the Maker Faire, Sun (7/11/10) @ 5:30pm
Life come n goes ! But u only LIVE once!”)
thanks! stop in for our chopped chickpeas sandwich that features our lemon confit!
Hey - launched today. (Ted mentioned it when we were at CES.) We want to get you signed up!
gotta b a tough cookie to really do this...cant let ur emotions get the best of u
We've been tweeting from The Cellar in #Blacksburg tonight. They have a #glutenfree ciders, beers, and foods!
Please RT. I need 12 more followers to make 100. Send to all your friends and other young artists.
“: Peyton is only a Bronco because the Colts had a grooved path to Andrew Luck. One more win and Peyton's a Colt .. That's life
hope all is well. Have a great new year. We are having an oyster dinner on the 9th. Should be a blast!
I miss you!
Workout time!!
#S/O TO ALL OF MY FOLLOWERS! I LOVE YA'LL! =D
all dealerships need to get their service dept trained on twitter, then notify customers that they're actively listening
Thanks for stopping in. We can't wait to come in and check out the place and see all the great decor! Best of luck guys!
My two favorites, #FCBarcelona and #Chelsea, play each other in the UEFA semis. Sorry, I gotta go with my favorite Spaniards!
Dog in a backpack. Seen it all now.
When you wanna make things right...you always loose -.-
MB all day ANY day EVERYDAY
Wow the audience is actually engaged this time!
ps again great job covering the #Bills last week. Kidding aside.
I'll give it a shot: SPARQL will be the savior of us all, ready…. go!
lol , i never got it . i have a digital copy tho if you want it (:
Damned if I do damned if I don't
career first, love second. #priorities #coldhearted #not really
A man who cheats and put his hands on you is more likely to do it again
There are unpleasant truths and then there are comforting lies. The truth hurts and lies heal.
I wish I could be spending Easter with my fam...but it looks like I'll be studying by myself instead.
#confession I have a thing for older women
Sadly It still woulda been a issue RT and I almost said it AND my son has the same name...I didn't mean to :0(
Anyone know where you can find some good karaoke in Baltimore? Besides Waltz Inn.
I wish I was with youu
for the record, they threw snowballs at Santa in like the 60s, and cheered for Irvin's injury.
Museums very destination oriented: focus on visitor experience and interactive
Not very hungry but have fresh bluefin chu-toro & uni for sushi. Fresh wasabi root ready to grate & sushi rice is almost ready.
It better be alabama lsu
Shouldn't have slept all day
But the hail and the rain stopped before I left work.
EVERY RACIST comment will be answered here...so let's go!
I CAN DO BETTER ... NOBODY IS BETTER THAN SELF BEING MY OWN VALENTINE ...
We have an album coming out soon! But first, photo shoot. Then music vid! Then tour. Then, album! We'll keep you posted.
currently at the soft opening of cinebarre. open bar. roll through y'all
Thanks for the FF!!!!
lol i knew it was angry birds
i'm telling!
SO many hugs and tears. Beautiful to watch. Wish I were there! It's finally real!
The sun shall be turned into darkness, And the red velvet cakes into blood, Before the coming of the great and awesome day of the LORD.
“If you wait to do everything until you're sure it's right, you'll probably never do much of anything.” ~ Win Borden
Id rather be poor and happy than rich and suicidal.
Yikes. This Manchester Derby is super intense. I don't really care who wins, but my goodness, talk about a rivalry.
#FF : #Hugs TY. Have a great Friday and weekend.
I wanna marry an Australian :) whatcha say ;)
can you home and get me tho bruhbruh
Off to bed thinkin bout him :)
Jags client gets his first NFL start tonight on Monday night football.
We are giving away some issues of American Cinematographer, Creative Cow, Lighting & Sound America, PhotoMedia, and other magazines. Stop in
Israeli Minister of Public Security Yitzhak Aharonovitch said Israel & Gaza are on the verge of a conflict akin to Operation Cast Lead.
If you shoot me your email address I will send you the songs! Sorry for the delay.
Boyle's 3rd Goal of the Playoffs!!!
Oh yeah! RT Shocker, Portland! Blue skies and sunshine!
I've thought about putting a "just because I post it doesn't mean I endorse it" message on my blog! Is interesting though... Cheers!
Created 3 postings to #craigslist...hope that silly spammer stays away.
everybody dance noe
Someone just cut in front of me in line at walmart. I'm trying to be nice and not stare daggers into the back of their head...
Dinner date with boo
I wish I hadn't it wouldn't be so heart breaking. The only thing making it okay is atleast we have the
Thanks to all who came to the Capitol City Car Show!
Watching for the Jewpacabra on South Park! Enjoy!
Definitely give them a try! I love Keric and Sarika's classes; they do tend to be quite intense, though. :)
RT Hook up the wine lover in your life with any of these fantastic, local gift options that celebrate all things wine.
Super excited about the shuttle!
Last night I dreamed of mice gone wild and blue hefty bags.
A relationship where you can't tell each other how you really feel is kinda pointless
you will be missed
I love she is such a good dancer :) come to nyc sometime bella!
BTW, apparently Tweason'ale was seasonal??? Unfortunately my gluten sensitivity isn't. Sad face and stomach.
Luke Loucks is a loser
I'm gonna make through my semester of graduate school! Yay!
I've only ever been to #Raiders away games in Nashville against the Titans. Never been to a home game or season ticket holder
you've got balls sir...good one lol
DJ ONE'S WORLD PREMIER OF NEW AGE BONNIE AND CLYDE. GIVE US YOU'RE VOTE "YEY" OR "NEY" (214)431-5062
hahahaha oh boy
I doubt if he's headed to Philly. We got some issues to clear up here.
I hope you're feeling much better. I am one of your fans. I hope things will be easy for you. Love you and Mariah, Nick. Antoine
"You must not drive over unprotected fire hoses."
Every second is a #chance to turn your life around
Keep on rolling Kid poker!!!
"Never regret anything b/c at some point everything you did was what you wanted to do.. and sometimes that's the hardest thing to realize"
~but its your job to not play favorites & be consistent with your judging. You've all but forgotten about that.
Watching a presenter end his talk with "hire me" is like watching someone throw a cow into shark infested water
Alexander McQueen release affordable Pippa Middleton inspired Bridesmaid gown When Kate and William married in April this year, of course
I. Should. Be. Study. Ing. Raw. Neeeow. But. I'd. Rather. Sleep. Gnite whirl.
Looking for a spot to eat before you dance/drink your night away, check out our neighbors ! Quail Eggs wrapped in bacon. Yes please
Is my favorite holiday ever! Go for creating it!
Are you playing somewhere in Nashville?!:)
Everybody pulls for David, nobody roots for Goliath.- Wilt Chamberlain
Congrats to our 2012-2013 SBA president Nolan Fields & VP Katie Carlile! Full election results to be announced at Barristers Ball Saturday!
Drunk. Happy. And not driving!
Thanks for the mention!!! How are you?
THANK YOU for all of your tweets letting people know about our launch! We're excited too!!! LOTS of great deals coming to DC!
im not gonna lie..its really nice havin my girlfriend back.
how is your running?
Always encourage when believers mess up. Loving in correction. Never harsh or demeaning.
check out the asia trail!
Stir crazy
RT Scary movies make me scream like a girl! "Haunting in Conneticut". Creepiest movie I've never seen, based on a true story!
just another day at the office with
awww u was there?! Damn! My phn died!
Thanks for the RT, sir!
the diva crew will be working out with u today at the Honda event. Can't wait!
Grrr, awesome day for a #run! I really dislike being sick and having a
I think you saw me confronting my fear, it went up with a bottle and went down with a beer.
HOLYFUDGECAKES , you are overboard
How can it be Monday all ready? I'm not through with Sunday yet.
You guys can fight each other just no punching or kicking.
The Todesverkündigung just makes me melt every time ... Luisi, Dalayman, & the orchestra sound incredible!
the fire alarm..
RT : cheers to u! Looking forward to mothers day weekend! <~ we are too!!
Love SpecJour for speeding up specs, but yikes, does it kill battery life.
Thanks for the #sxsw shoutout this morning! Have a great time at the event! I'm jealous. :)
I followed thank u
well now I'm confused too.
Looking forward to celebrating with family . Congratulations to the McKinley HS, Baton Rouge, Class of 2012...: )
i am so getting a tshirt ah im so excited about ordering it tmw/follow me
No problem, man! Always want the best for our friends and their great music.
This night just seems to be crawling :(
#cockyandbitter on mothers day? Eat a cheesesteak!
I got a pimple on my lip. Dam.
I completely agree - huge fan...HUGE :) jealous of your 2-night stint of shows...
mm i love spam.. musabi hay ~
double play from Escobar
Let's go Knicks!
Happy Tax Day...ha!! On a brighter note...the NFL schedule comes out today. So there's that...
Take your rental car deeper in the Delta, it's rural reaches. The more things change ...
don't you have anything better to do
pack to capacity tonight w/ Green & White!!
If you follow hoops, has been making it for a while! Just more tv exposure now lol
i know..GORGEOUS,right??
Ice beginning to accumulate on trees in the paseo arts district, okc
Email the Booth question tonight is dumb. How do YOU feel about a knuckle sandwich numb nuts?
Just finished writing an article for Clay Shooting USA. Working with Limited Elite clients later today.
Are you sick and tired of living from check to check? Are you tired of robbing Peter to pay Paul or not being able to pay at all? At...
I know it's still early, but this is the time when everything needs to start clicking!
theres not a day that goes by that you are not on my mind......
My mom gets mad cause i do exactly what she says and not more then she says.
We will be doing one soon! Have fun!
M. Starting my own hashtags. Hope I remember them: #ApprovedByDesignCongress and #FollowDesignerADay YEAH!
hello! It's not mandatory to drop off your stroller. The service is just there for your convenience if you wanted to use it.
Gingrich still thinks he can win the nomination.....how cute!!
I don't know if you can call it "a ride home" when so spend the first 40 minutes of it getting farther away.
Help our #Vets beat #mentalhealth issues – Vote 4 #pepsirefresh project this May
I still feel the lack long after.
I don't blame you, and i read it as soon as the ad came on tv which made me laugh even more. lmao
we will be doing live music Thursdays & Saturdays and starting Fridays in December!
I watched not one, not two, not three, but FOUR romantic movies today.
haha good! The Drake fan page retweeted me lol.
Who else likes these orange jerseys the O's are wearing tonight? Sweet Uniform change birds!
There is an easy shot I could throw here but I am too classy
#welcometoparadise #codyjakeustream shoutoutt to Megan, Sammy and Jackie in NY ???? Love you guys&your randomness !
Disregard my email from last night isn't the Real Mark!
I think I made an ass out of myself.
Thanks for hosting the event online!
it's a really nice, classy place and you can choose from either italian menu, or a meat (steak) menu
oh happy day!!!
hey how are you?
Costume contest rides on Sat 10/28. Prizes for best costumes. Book now! Specials at all bar stops for the riders.
Stop worrying Anthony. You're better then this!
Can't wait to try the new subway under the Allegheny River......hope we don't have problems ike the Mon warf
Ok thought I lost a fantastic dress for tomorrows SFW show- thank you Hotel Indigo for finding it! I will bring you cookies tomorrow!
Hi c:
I need to make more money... I hate being broke. Boo!
I just read that is leaving! Say it with me: DON'T GO! And best of luck!!
“I am not a has-been. I am a will-be.”
Great program! #Moms - Visit www.exploracise.com for a Fun Wise Exercise alternative for your
Truth! RT "You must not for one instant give up the effort to build new lives for yourselves." Daisaku Ikeda
I'm flattered...but you're not my type.
At what point in time exactly did David Coverdale morph into Lynn Redgrave?
I think you need to talk today on about why #ThingsPortlandGirlsSay is trending. Some pretty funny stuff!
I want me a sexy
Love this question asks: "how do you put out content that's social by design?" Goal: to always start convos via
BUT WHERE IN ORLANDO?
Consulting 101 day two complete. Not bad at all! Time to hang out w/ my favorite toddler.
Writing some more beats/music! I stay in the lab. Work now party later!
Every time I see tweet, I think of "roll like a buffalo"
I'd like him to use his executive power for more important things like OVERRIDING congress!!!!!
Can't find my ipod charger...Oh well...Its not like i dont know 95% of songs by memory..
aw cutie;p
Chris Pirie discussing the flipped classroom: lectures viewed at home; 'homework' worked on in the classroom.
Ditto. RT : Let the record reflect that I first heard about the POTUS speech and the Bin Laden death on twitter.
Jessie has a uh....one of a kind voice : )
I am feeling so lost.
Watch "Count it up - I Am Citi Boi Feat: Louie Grit & Yung Breezy (For Promotional Use Only)" on YouTube...
love TX. Thank you for being a friend!
all out all of the above strategy. nice mr. pres.
I choose quality over quantity, I'll take the right road instead of a "short cut".. But.. I am guilty of choosing fashion over practical<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
ok is it weird that people who's tweets i get sent to my phone like dont show up in the homepage should it be like that
you should try brandy and honey.
The kids from Pullman call it Spok-Vegas.
I gotta go to pae next year -_-
Growing my business one card at a time.
Getting in touch with my spiritual side once again!
At Starbucks..... coffee coffee coffee! !!!!!! Must work faster.
Congrats to and ! You're both winners! See you at 10:30!
sorry I missed this @ mention about the skull exhibit. I don't check twitter often...still figuring out how to use it.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME #FOLLOWMEALEX !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hey man what's up?
yes, indeed. I'm a cured meat fan as well.
RT “: Keep others in suspended terror: cultivate an air of unpredictability.”
They sometimes tell me they can't toast it if they just cooked it so I change my order but now they don't say anything
#20factsaboutme 1) I hate Burger King!
ppl that don't know the rules at a 4 way stop let alone the rules of the road peroid!!
my mom and dad bought a house when I was little in 1974/75. Mortgage=$250/month. Dad's friends thought he was selling drugs!
pirate game with dylan and logan (:
It's applesauce to a boss..
's club life podcasts for days
blogtv with them :)
; running around outside with my little sister, eating a orange && drinkin' water <3 yeah, I love this weather (:
thanks Joseph! Keep up the good work :)
#Caps GMGM says they haven't addressed the team yet on Dale's decisions, says they're meeting woth the team at 2pm
What will it take to bring back the Kahlo-brow?
FYI: They are planting new trees as part of a new tree project around campus.
You should wear flip-flops instead of boots. It would be a vineyard firefighter thing.
Happy weekend biscuits! :)
we all hoes, and u aint gotta be yogurt to die a spoony death
not like sticks and stones
Congrats to our neighbors on funding achieved at 's Angel Oregon conference! #PDX startups rock!
U seem practical + level headed it feels like frenzyfriday to me nuf said! Have a great wk-end + my best to u
not gonna lie - that does sound delicious! Enjoy!
#nowplaying ATLiens by Outkast. Fish n grits y'all
Filner says it takes the whole community and after school programs to keep kids from the temptation of drugs.
These days, something is only ironic if it' not.
Festivals of Aloha was fabulous last night. If you missed it, maybe next year! Great halau from champion performers! 1000 people enjoyed!
I can't believe the guys from Buckcherry are still alive
3D Systems Delivers Innovative, New Volkswagen Test Drives in Full Color
Write about your competition. make awards programs--give awards to giant competitos. They'll give u links
My run times always look so much nicer when I remember to stop the tracker after I drive for a mile at 55mph.
Fake banjo? Really?
Deal! Can we pay you in cycling socks?
32 points and he sucks right? Oh and he got his MVP trophy. So he sucks? You people are very smart.
Breaking: Will Rhymes passes out again after he crashes his big wheel on the way home from the ER.
#houston Download Pc Games Online Poker - Oh Really? - pc games for kids download pc games online Lotto players rejoice. It appear
Just drove through massive accident 40f north just south of canyon Park - AVOID - huge wait
Wow, cousin Sookie & Bill having a baby (in real life not in #TrueBlood) Will it be vamp or fairy? LOL
you can tell how good somebody is in bed by how well they drive stick.
“: Youll be prime contenders for our Man of the Year Contest..” we will see you there!!!!!
"I was raised with a guitar in my hand & I was born to rock." -Elvis Presley in Viva Las Vegs
Did you know the #AAPA2012 business meeting is open to the entire membership, students included? Come check it out Friday night, 8-11pm!
without a doubt! The meaning of life is DEFINITELY
i live about 1.5hours from there..
“: damn that girl has crazy halitosis <U+2620>”hahaga ewww!!!
Is it weird that "I'm Every Woman" by Whitney Houston just popped into my head for absolutely ZERO reason?
thanks. But ios5 doesn't work for me.
same place??
Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness. Baltasar Gracian
There are some seriously fat squirrels around here.
- people need to stop hating so much & start embracing each other (as he turns into MJ & moonwalks away)
I want all my tax money to go to #NASA Thank you.
haha i would text you but my phone charger is acrossed the room and im in the chair! once my laptop charges i'll go get it!
I remember that one time, before Facebook, when I went outside and did stuff.
completely agree -- missed opportunity is an understatement
aww dang Kia, it would have been fun to hang
Yes! AND is guest starring this season too. Buffy reunion?!
Sadly, no. Ugh how I would've enjoyed that.
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.”
which remix?
Why fucking lie
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, Call Me Sagey. :D
and Thomas is just a model train set with different faces and eyes that move. Yet it's like a toddler cult!
yay!! Boston was one of the pictures! :)
Love being home & listening to on ! U should be listening on &
How is the #RusherFamily doing??? Is everyone doing alright?? Sending y'all love and peace<3
Hoe am i in tripple jump tho? When i do it i land in the black, not supposed to happen...
Good morning #NFAIS, got my front row seat and my coffee.
Do these scientists take James Cameron seriously or are they just along for the well funded ride? This reminds me of looking for Bigfoot.
Back at work for my evening clients. Feeling sluggish but getting my second wind:). Let's do this !!
"Those who trust in themselves are fools, but those who walk in wisdom are kept safe." ~Proverbs 28:26
Can I be your translator? <U+304A><U+9858><U+3044><U+3057><U+307E><U+3059>!<U+304A><U+4E16><U+8A71><U+306B><U+306A><U+308B>!Translation: Japan loves you!
RT word! RT I hate breaking 20s cause once you break it, the rest go so fast lol
Matt- I liked this morning's photo by
#Avengers was so freaking great!
food shopping w/ chef, Joe Ricci, for cast,crew&extras of Sadie! We're still looking for extras!! email:
i love my mom for letting me sleep in when i need it most.
one? I wish I could say only one. Lol
I'm being interviewed on our work for a new book on green roofs by environmental author Lisa Benjamin.
ha i just saw this from march....cool! Somebody bought all old the New York State Library books
“: This extra credit isn't even worth being up this early” yeah I know
missed you today! Hope you make it next year.
The saddest words to continously hear over & over "maybe tomorrow."
Heh. Well, we aren't the most sane either... :)
Oh gosh will never follow me ;c
Forgot everyone is in Evanston this week! Maybe I'll have to stroll up there while folks are around.
Hey , thanks for coming to #imappening! Hope you found yr way home okay. :)
The worst is when u find out your barber is out of town & u need a fade ASAP
At least you're only hearing snoring?....
sEarChing FoR GwAposss YumMyneSS CaN I dAte tHe 3 OF YoU?
i need digits.(: haha
RT : Field of dreams never gets old. Neither does Sand Lot...
It's funny that if a guy said all this to ur ugly face or on twitter about u u wouldn't say not a word u would e too scared u would only do
Haha rose just choked!
pizza hut tomorrow?
Are you at Sales 2.0? It would be great to meet. Perhaps during lunch, or at the end of the day?
been a pleasure!
Slumber not in the tents of your fathers! The world is advancing. Advance with it! Mazzini
#How2Tarot There are certain #Tarot cards/combinations that would say NO GO to an interview or a date, warning. Tower + Any Swords from 5-10
"Respect those who find TIME for you in their busy schedule but really love those who NEVER see their schedule when you need them"
My becoming-a-baseball-fan project officially begins tonight. Cardinals and Reds tonight. I will watch. We'll see what happens.
are you gonna come beat me up? hahaha.
actually it sucks
browns today. christmas better come early.
I'd really like to see Knuble back next year, love the guy.
lol no I'm not a drug dealer. I feel bad for those who do tho. I love my life and I don't need drugs to make me happy lol
for sure. I'll be hitting the road too starting late May. Let's talk!
HOORAY!!! is ON! We made our Kickstarter goal! Thanks to everyone who helped out. It's going to be a lot of fun!
because I almost went though an entire pack in one day! + I don't like sharing!
No, really it is spring! Stop by for all of your outdoor needs. Oh, you need a new Weber Grill...we have those too!
As in Forever-Ever!! #BRAUNY RT That is the first ever 3-homer game in the history of PETCO Park!
Skype call with ! Always makes me laugh with his stories and singing.
MW: Jazz Fest and no open containers. Remember that when the city website doesn't work and you can't get anything done. Me: *&^$*&@^#@^@%$
Love days when I leave work with an ear to ear grin because I feel so damn productive. Only
Are you interested in #p90x #Insanity #lesmillspump #burncalories #turbofire?? Hit me up :)
If you are coming down to for Mother's Day, send her next door for a foot massage
Found out I was featured in Ebony Mag's annual power list for my work on sickle cell! Exciting!
#NationalKissDay. Awe yeah
"If the road is easy, you're likely going the wrong way." - Terry Goodkind
Its people who don't believe in you that makes you want to succeed even more.. those who said it will never happen.
Any interest in a port of pngout to javascript?
sweden weather
exactly, my dear. Romneys folks were handing out fake slates in Nevada, trying to trick voters to support his delegates. Ick
Howlers in Bloomfield is filling growlers now? Anything good on draft? Haven't been there in a while.
sure, you bet!
I'm going to get my phone now i'll watch it on a bit
I thought I had 2!
Yo, JC - you undertand Aramaic, Hebrew, etc. - It was "Thou shalt not commit murder" up through King James' translation.
surprised at the lack of #goodreads shoutouts here
I watched it three times !<U+2665>
I kinda have an urge to go back to the jungle. . .
After party wit my niggas < slumber party wit yo bitch
Don't start shit then try to be nice and get pissed when I call you out on it. Fuck you.
love you!
5 more Days to Go
You watch a documentary, its like you read a few books..
uh, YEAH!
Avoid the big KO this evening and emerge victorious in our $80 No-Limit Knock-Out @ 7p! 5K units, $10 add-on for 1K units & 20 min blinds!
Beautiful. Enjoy the day with your family.
Browser relativism? It's a thing? : "No. All browsers are NOT equal in the eyes of the Lord."
Crazy how stupid girls take corny niggas game as caring lol ur wack
Who all is going to Brad Paisley next month? I need a group of friends to tag along with since all mine are gonna be gone ):
welcome back
#imagine followed me c: cmon austin im trying everything FOLLOW ME! <U+2665> (and because she's tweeting like crazy too)
oh lol I took a lot of them last year I got like 20 :-)
Got ready this morning by listening to " The Wild Party. " sings DOWN ya'll. Made me miss my cast at !
BUT I JUST BOUGHT HULA HOOPS!
Really enjoyed speaking to 's Sports Management class tonight at #thefuture #gopanthers cc:
I understand diplomacy, but Iran wins the Oscar? Not sure if that'll work... considering Iran prolly implanted that tin sound IN THE MIC!
OMG! #Beliebers tomorrow is thhe birthday of our idol we have to make this huge!(: #HappyBirthdayKidrauhl <3
We'll miss in the gallery, but we're SO excited about Bustos and Aragon! Come to the opening on Cinco de Mayo!
All i can do is Smh at the moment
LMAOOO i love the attempt at the swing!!
Hate hearing misfortunes of others bt when its a life long icon that takes u back in ur own life its that much more difficult
I would almost rather finish this game with four players than have to play Tinsley. Worst crunch time player in America.
Other factors are the litany of multimedia resources that will aid in the laying of inquiry - primary source docs, graphics, vids.
Nice job Daijiro, what a fantastic year for you!!
I changed it up. I'm sad because I did<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Love me some Hypnotize, but Mo Money Mo Problems may be my fav.
Ayy thanks so muucchh!!! RT : Hunni is going AWF Live "I Wanna Dance With Somebody"!!!!
When you friended Obama on FB, he just put you in Hide mode right away.
RT : Giving away 2 tix to sat nights game in NE plus airfare & hotel! RT this & follow me and !!
Fallen soldiers all around us but we're still standing strong. :)
People are all like I thought you were smart. Well obv not.
We've never met, you have no clue who I am, but I'm a huge TESD-CBM fan & want to tell you how great you're doing. Get well Bry.
Well i guess i should probably get up and go to school lol.
Money doesn't buy happiness, but #Rockies baseball does. I'm selfishly happy you didn't win.
Gotta go to the ER soon to make sure my lungs sound okay and get more medicine.
On jetlagged interviews, perhaps going for a walk before hand? Naps just turn me into a slo-mo zombie when I'm jet-lagged.
thanks for the support!!
Great PGA...entertaining!!
Guys i find attractive are either: Famous, Taken, Twice my age, Not real, Dead, or Gay .
almost broke my finger today lol!
That time in life when you didn't get one request all night! And Shit was epic
- Abita Strawberry came back to Nashville just for you. :)
Start ur weekend after work best in city Hhr Special Appetizer, Dinner,Music this is where Bmore exclusive come to be seen!
Good time to stay indoors and look at my frozen pond outside!
I didn't even see when I got 5,000 tweets!
Mr. Franco tryn to make b do work after the EOC fuck that bull
idc. this girl is annoying >.<
#Quote <U+E148> Whoever loves much, performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well~VincentVanGogh
Matt Harlan performing at at 1pm. Go there and be amazed!
Such a beautiful day to not have school
#Apple is calling it "The new king of the desktop." More like the herald of what's to come. IF they stabilize it.
Thank you and happy birthday to your neice.
And if you can't wait until then to get your Johnny Rockette fix, "RockETTEumentary" is going to premier on WEDNESDAY
15 hours on set. We are SO close to wrapping. Can't. Stop. Now.
R there still people who r uncomfortable talkin about weed???
Can someone get me some mac n cheese from Roscoe's? Someone? Anyone?
No call no text wow.
tomorrows national crush day ?
#bookquotes "I am doomed to remember a boy with a wrecked voice—not because of his voice...but because he is the reason I believe in God"
Nice! Congrats on the new role.
i love you so much! please meet me in NYC! you are my idol <3
Women lie about being over a guy and Men lie about saying that we luv u!
Eddie Long still has a thriving church. THAT alone shows the bizarre control some preachers have over some AA's lol
RT : So I’m invisible to you now? That’s cool. I’ve always wanted a superpower.
Just drove all the way to Wendy's for these damn chili cheese fries and they wasn't even all that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Getting a new class is like having another kid. You think you could never love them as much as the previous class but you do.
you're welcome! happy to help! hope the space is everything you envision & more. the party was a blast :-)
Teacher' "DO YOU WANT TO SPEND LUNCH IN MY CLASS?!?!?!" Student: "Are you asking me out?O_o"
If you need help picking your holiday wine/spirits, I'll be helping on the aisle on Folsom Blue Ravine on Sat from 10-4!
Hi : ) he is better now thank you so much Xx
don't hurt yourself!!
hm what do you have in mind ?
I did hit me with a follow back
Sounds like an action plan is needed... write post, comment on others... maybe do interviews w/ bloggers?
Posted at touch....downtown....an adventure begins....hahaha
not if I don't have anyone to be mushy with.. Lol I def. Am a sucker for love tho.. Not just anybody tho.
Somebody pray for me PLEASE
Hi , so glad you're on Twitter! Here's hoping for a plentiful and rainy year!
patched things up I guess lol
RT - The episode when Brian owes Stewie money and Peter plays for the New England patriots
The last three weeks of craziness... Or so I hope...
All i need was the greenlight
On a happier note. Story I covered at homeless shelter. Ohio mom and two kids. She worked. She prayed. She has a job and apt.
At least its May 14 not July 14
say it ain't so!
Why do random people keep adding me on fb?
Sad sad day for a formerly great player
I learned all about tucking on ru Pauls drag race last night!
i need some new space jams
I drive to Columbus to much, SO ready to move!
No problem. I've had a hard time with my connection here. Maybe all the news media in Indy eating up bandwidth!
- Keeping hip-hop alive in 2012 & Infinity.
NYC - Keep an eye out for the cow. I'm coming for you.
I mean you got some it right but you gotta what your rocking out too like music or who you're rocking out with like friends.
2nite its goin down inside and video mixxin!!! Bring ur azz out early to avoid the long azz line!!!
hey , how are things?
Since I'm all alone in the city, who wants to join me for lunch?
Probably the only time in my life I've wished I was married to instead of you, if only for access to
Cool... Nice to meet you..
#HappyMothersDay to all mothers and my mom i love very much thank you for everything te amo <3
great, what's the best email addy for ya?
We are teaming up with Nestlé + DiGornio Pizza for prizes for the big game
You should say hi to - she works 3 blocks from there.
Newt, did you just mess up?
Dont Judge Anyone Because of Their Bank Account.
how you been?
Is #M1GS in SF gonna keep #fizzling? 'WE'RE GONNA DO *THIS*! - Just kidding, here's some signs and chanting'.
Mailbox cleared, starting what should be a productive week. (Any week where the mailbox is cleared this early on Monday is good.)
` So whitney houston died... smh :(
:) Princess Diaries 2: The Royal Engagement always makes me smile no matter how many times ive watched it
#OkUPrettyBut u got credit cards?
Imperfection is beauty...-Marilyn Monroe
With Randolph and Gasol, Grizzlies remind me of the old Daugherty/Nance/Hot Rod Cavs teams.
Eating oranges makes your vagina smell good? Oh okay thanks #goodtoknow #wtf lmao
Getn ready for this damn tracj meet
A bit crude but hey...if the tamp. ..uh, shoe, fits! RT : If guys had there periods they would brag about there tampon size!
that song makes me cry you're going to do just that I know it
RT : "We are not human beings on a spiritual journey. We are spiritual beings on a human journey"
#concertwishlist oh wait.. I do get to see them next year :D
I wonder what the new iPhone 4S will say about all of this.
at least that's what Donald Link used to tell me :) have fun it's looks like it's gonna be amazing.
These times are hard but they will pass
Right? So cool.
Ashamed but true RT : Totally a mom thing : I may or may not have just eaten cheese off my child's shirt.
I'm invited to a Christmas party tonite should a go or just stay home that's the q right now
Kay Imma ask(:
omg ur going to arianas show too?! i cant wait! <3
i'm on ohio state alumni and it's my birthday today. what a great gift!
I need to stop making STD jokes before ya'll begin to believe that I do have herpes, syphilis or HPV or something. Cus I DON'T!
The calm before the storm. Lol
Life keeps on getting better.
I remember when I texted what I tweeted
It's #SundaeSunday Peanut butter cup is god!
- We can help you spread the word here in Chicago! Our platform is a viral social tool for sending and redeeming REAL drinks!
I feel super weak from puking all night:///
I still want to know if you named it yet...especially NOW....!!!
Quick training on hackers, crackers and IT security attackers.
UK is the first national championship team to not have one player average more than 9.32 field-goal attempts per game.
This coverage is fucking tilting, I need to know if was hollywoooding or what! Guess 5b pots pre are nbd to #espn?
Thx for the follow. Love the profile pic. Coffee!!
I did exactly what my professor said not to do. Waited till the last minute to write my 6 page essay. That's what I will be doing today...
No. I've never been. That is close to my birthday. Perhaps a birthday present to myself?
Only travel-related or everything?
I'm from BROOKLYN I be everywhere comfortably !
A measure of power lies in knowing the difference between a distraction and a sign.
Places you are are places I don't wanna be.
Were the #vikings really going to take Richardson???
Welcome back from San Diego...
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle The Lion The Witch and the Titties
Check what codec is in use (double tap i button in call), check region/location/codec settings in UCM
Do you like Color Themed Parties?
Just watched last night's #Community episode- great episode or greatest episode? loved it, can't wait for the finale.
What would u do if someone u were in love with was mean to u and u two broke up and then they were begging for u back?!?
#ThingsISAYDuringSchool where in this room can I get service?
" And so the lion fell in love with the lamb ' <3
Liver Detox with food: Red Grape Skins helps promote liver enzymes that remove carcinogens
Looking at your school timetable and emotionally breaking down.
pps -from tom tomalin, i was on my disability organisation- it's acharity that works to help/encourage people with my ....
Bad apples? That's why we need accountability.
hahahah....I totally took the same pic the other day! AZGUNZ4LIFE!! -
idk im checking all my saved tumblr names now so i can use one of those
hope you had fun! we sure did. Thanks so much for coming. merry christmas!
Applying for Nanny Jobs... Fun, fun :)
You should never go to a meeting or make a telephone call without having a clear idea of what you're trying to achieve.
get a chocolate chip cookie there! They are amazing!
The ballpark in NY was a bad fit for Bay. The marine layer seems to be Pujols kryptonite lol. Jk bad is bad
spent two hours cleaning and organizing my room, now time to enjoy some sun <U+2600><U+2600><U+2600><U+2600>
Tried a #shamrockshake for the first time. Not impressed.
I’m only following maybe a quarter of that graph, but is there really a PB&J triad on there? Because that’s pretty awesome.
tomorrow will be another day and hopefully it will be better than today :)
is the worst
Fire Escape-Civil Twilight
Work flex is no long a perk but an effective workplace strategy.
#FF you guys are awesome, Thanks for the breathtaking finale on TVD, one day we'll might work together
RT : Well at least we didn't get as much snow as boston! At the dealership selling cars. Stop by and say hi!
I'll text you.
running around your neighborhood most likely
Where were you when...? I was sitting in my office reading about it on twitter.
"Vignola, who possesses jaw-dropping technique, wears his influences on the tip of his pick" - Mike Joyce - Washington Post
The Magic Castle is like the coolest place ever!
go hard or go home
how u Mel, miss ya. Have a great day to u and your love ones, stay positive as always bless
New case for the IPhone has my baby looking pearly.
Agenda for today: relax, nap in the sun, relax, maybe see a movie, relax. A good plan, me thinks.
You are welcome for the follow. I think I found you on Twitter, maybe from some other follower's followers.
We just installed Windows 8 Consumer Preview! Look forward to video updates soon!
that was for me right? ;) haha
Going here too : " is TOMORROW. rad crafts at the from 11 to 6, rain or shine!"
Omg next thursday is my birthday!! JB*IS*SEXY!!!!
The other day I said, " if I can find my glasses & phone I will look it up" while talking on my phone w/glasses on!
I really wish u talked about Neurofeedback for a neurological issue... Especially in lieu synthetic drugs in the brain
thanks for following me and u have pretty eyes:)
beside a confession? not making it a capital murder case! Idiots.
I love you ;)
He said it! "A friend is nothing but a known enemy. " - Kurt Cobain
“: Wearing white clothes to make you look tanner >” doing that just makes me look like a ghost
#imagine *austin tweets* Austin:my #twittercrush is *your twitter account* ;).I love you<3 -anna
Starting my lab....the next 2 hours are gonna be hell
If your a true mahomie you'd RT this and not keep scrolling down;)
The government is us, you and me. - Teddy Roosevelt
It will so great babe!
Happy New Year Beautiful People! - XavierLT.com
is looking GORGEOUS on #hsn right now!
Im Lani-Jayne nice to meet you.
QWiPS will be used at ESPN the Magazine's NEXT VIP-only Super Bowl party to connect fans and party-goers.
I really need a good cry session right now.
Any home based business owners out there? I now have an Online Store All-In-One powered by ZNode! $49.99/month, no contract. Awesomeness!
"The richness is in me, in my heart and in my head, not in my pockets," said Filipaj, who is now an American citizen.
Is it safe to say that if you're wondering if you're having a nervous breakdown, you probably aren't?
Bout to head to da sudio to finish the mixtape up
Ginny Weasley! The Avengers could use another kick-ass girl. RT : Is there room on the team for a wizard in The Avengers 2?
what does that even mean
he does? xD is he following you?
STOP broadcasting private sideline talks on the radio.What's next are you gonna film our walk throughs & broadcast them on tv?Hoody
I think I done spoiled maself with Jjs these past few days.. Now wht ima do?
Do you think it is possible to have 0 physical stores in the far future due to internet, technology advancement and environmental concerns?
#BackHome At leasts hes having the time of his life! #GCF #THAT! (:
If I wanted to observe US history in reverse, I would have revved up my DeLorean. Disappointed,
it's on right now. my night just got a whole lot better.
Bengals make it official: NFL team no longer training in Georgetown.
I like dick!!!
They would be in a state of... (puts on shades) Anger.
Going to hit up Mission Lanes in Milpitas at 9, hit me up if you want to join me!
addiction, when you tweet about having to switch devices just to tweet
First goal for Convey!
If its money on the floor u can put me on hold jus make sure whn u done im da only one u hold
this isn't helping my jealousy. Lol. Italy is beautiful. I've always wanted to go. Take some pictures of Rome for me? :)
I know right, before his excuse was that he had a job but now that he doesn't whats his excuse..??
oh I didn't know I was comming over lol
Maybe even longer hours. RT : Working in the Sports-Industry requires long hours and dedication like any other job.
Also don't live next to them. Yankees games end way past my bedtime, apparently.
Still adjusting to being back at work after a long vacation quickly followed by sick time. Actually feels good to be off the couch!
Indeed! RT RT Wake up this morning to see we signed the o dog! If ur a twins fan today u have to be juiced!
casual weekend- sounds like the perfect spot to take your pack
One of the BEST Handcrafted Acoustic Guitars I have ever played www.sullivanguitars.com
Happy 16th birthday !:)
Kids in this class is so damn amature -__- they are actually throwing paper balls *rolling my eyes* seriously dude? That's so elementary.
Of the Stop & Go Rondo'd variety. Haven't seen that one in a while
excited for 'ink in b2b media' bfast workshop! when will registration open?
I could see that! haha
I'm working on a few new songs.been writing like crazy lately.I'll try to fix the link.Thanks for getting back to me!
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW BACK
is a big tease ;)
u have a sexy name but im ton
made Mel Rob hit the stage and he snapping
#20ThingsAboutMe sleeping shirtless tonight..
Save the Date! May 31st is Spirits of Carnival. Details to follow!
Lol, I Was Just Listening To That!!! :)
congrats on opportunity. Looking forward to your updates.
Going to take a nap head hurts - maranda
#TipTuesdays Take advantage of your customers by creating some special deals just for them or announce new products before the market knows
O ok have a good night then and follow me back shit i could not even dm u
gotcha i'm ready
they have thirty more picks
About to wonder where the weekend went as I peace out of this town.
miss you too, mini! Beyond bummed that I'm not there :(
I miss summer, I hate gettin my feet dirty in the rain, I hate doing math h.w, I hate writing papers, I hate reading, I hate I'm not in fl!
Trying on another perspective doesn't mean you have to wear it. It can help you gain some insight, however.
thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your cooking tips. How does chocolate appeal to you?
ok call me now
isn't this more of an issue with the NCAA itself rather than with how Bo Ryan is enacting these rules?
You're the reason why I have trust issues and haven't dated anybody else. ;3
Yes, trying to utilize a bit of technology for analysis / feedback. I am currently networking w the tech side
today I logged in AND updated Myspace. seriously.
we need to come up with a clever nickname for monta and bj3.
Fantasy Einstein made FFL playoffs this year; however, Leatherheads and Pros & Cons fantasy teams missed playoffs by one game
Wet noodles need love too, you know?
travel safely and Congrats again!!!!!!!!!
Teaching Generation M is "an elucidating and even comforting book," says Library Journal.
that is why i stick with glasses. If i can't get my glasses on, i am in really bad shape.
ESEA Mark-up: Rep. Woolsey focusing on the role of wrap-around supports for students to help meet comprehesive needs, thank you
You're a coward for not having the guts to tell me the truth yourself in person to my face. #hurt #irritated >.<
yea check your DM
Ah I see. Well we have our full EP up on there, so I thought I would just let you know :)
Making a new record is like having a baby..... Kind of.
Should have worn rain approved sneakers.
Time goes by so fast when your just on youtube looking at videos ;O
When the steelers where down by 20 something against the Ravens in the playoffs, I smoked a pack of cigarettes and we came back to win.
Dear ungrateful journal, Thank you very little for the new construction going on next door. I didn't know how I would wake up so early.
sitting outside watching desperate housewives is pretty much the perfect day
d-o-g-g. you should be going -ham. RT: "catch me goin insta-ham: botazlaflare"
Yes I did. Just got to my hotel. Good seeing u,...we will plan a more "fun" night next time
Place your EL order online, EpicureanGroup.net. You don't want to miss our new meal: Mediterranean Flank Steak Salad with flatbread & hummus
Just graduated, standing with my fam, guy asks me where the library is... He certainly asked the right person!!
"I'm mrs. Iglesias" haha I'm still laughing
That...looks...AWESOME!
#Yahoo CEO padded resume with false college degree -- doesn't matter what he lied about; investors don't want a CEO who lies. Period.
I'm having a geeky night. I want to have a #StarWars marathon!
The awkward moment your teacher adds you on skype.
Longoria Homers! Rays Win Rays Win!
So #Tnt had the debate who is better Dirk or Larry Bird.But my question is who has been better Dirk or Paul Pierce?I say Dirk but its close
I was driving don't tell anyone
would you film it with your phone if you saw something horrific happening to your plane? This guys been fined with body searches for 2 years
haha no your not tiff.
Terrible way for that #MNF game to end. Tip of the cap to the #texans. #ravens D does it again.
Positive I saw Debbie Gibson fly over my home last night on a giraffe with my high school band teacher. Wait. No. It was only in my dreams.
PS, : you're not weird, you're ZANY!
Haven't been on in forever #IMissThoseDays ... Been busy with school...
that's true.. He could have told someone in a wheel chair to stand up.. (Biden)
You're my 600th follower. Thanks!
Not yet, just on the Mac for now. I've got some fun ideas though.
#mnf tonight! The #game is gonna be omazing. Haha
Fascinating conversation about the psychology of Israel vis-a-vis Iran on Do you hear the drum beat of war?
Not enough to speak it, you have to live it
You're welcome! And I sure will try it soon!
I want to go ahead and apologize, I was wrong and spoke too soon about Parks and Rec. A full 22-episode season has been announced!
(cont.) with the audience then about the characters. In the end, who cares if the relationship fails or succeeds?
Don't forget we're offering happy hour prices on food from 11pm-1am all this week!
hello Oakland!
Hyperbolic geometry using Ultra fractals by one of my favorite arts MC. Escher Wow how very enchanting!
OLLU Softball - Lost 3-2 vs. University of the Southwest
Half man half horse
Too easy to forget sometimes. “: Don’t expect to find the right person if you aren’t willing to let the wrong one go." Amen.
Hm..that's weird! I'm sure she was just having a bad day! I wouldn't take it to much to the heart! :) At least you'll get it back.
that just shows how many ignorant people there r.
No Hammer ? WTF
We agree! RT :A year ago today I auditioned for the new house teams at & it was one of the best decisions I ever made.
Retweeting things that are obviously about you cause you're a fearless bitch. >>>
today i learned that lucroy is a fellow duck hunter! thanks guys!
just cause you are full of hate
Happy to have channeled it -- and been a part making a morning. Ah, the power we never know we have! :) Happy day!
hi! Check us out, we're new to vegas from florida. We want to start playing shows soon, let us know what you think of the music:)
Thanks, Mary! I added you to my "PDXRLS" List because, well, Portland Rules. :) -Benjamin
As an FYI to those in #Chicago, I just confirmed that the Sprint network is indeed down here in much of the city.
been looking forward to this for a year! can't wait!
im up early, i need to edit some many things
Looking for a fresh new beer to try? Stop by Beers of the World tomorrow for a special release of our brand new PINEAPPLE WHEAT from 12-3pm!
Make sure the job/career that you're doing is something you truly "love". Cause if not, the next 50 yrs until you retire will be "hell".
thanks! happy Friday :)
We were talking about this at work today. Which era of Elvis to hologram first...
Abolish death penalty, but thank God Breitbart's dead & we should have let Cheney die <--------- only in la la liberal land
nah. I'm well done ;)
One more game Devils!! You got this!! >:D >:D
dude these are necessary breakfast starter items, clearly.
VOTE FOR AUSTIN!!!! IT WOULD MAKE HIS WORLD IF HE WON! VOTE VOTE VOTE :D
grown folks club for me tonight club studio boieeee
Using videos to tell learning stories is something powerful that schools need to take more advantage of.
What benefit is running if you're on the wrong road. -John Mason
I wish I worked in that office right now....I just sucked down a plum hoping it would turn into a cupcake..no such luck.
go to sleep drunk, wake up fucked up!
Hahaha - I was just laughing at everyone using the exact same language. And I am working!! :D
Cody posted that on his wall...and your name is Katrina and mine is Elisabeth...how amazin
Is there anyone out there who really digs Archie? How can there be enough new readers to support the 150 books being published lately?
#MyBiggestFlaw my tummy :c
Thursday works for me!
I tend to skip lunch so I can get to the gym. Put cake in front of me...rethink strategy. Glad ur home safely!
I've never rode them before but k2 is known for making awesome bindings so you should be all good. Twit pic??
Just got bred. On my way to my next breeding session.
You might be poor, your shoes might be broken, but your mind is your plalace. Now go get it today
okay haha but i should start buying the scrapbook first! i'll take a picture when i'm done x
Okay, so 30 day trial then they bill you?
Know of anyone looking for a job? The Ale House is looking for a restaurant manager, ASAP! DM me if interested :)
Nauseated, tired, grumpy, pain, etc. Not a good start to a very long wk
Got them coffee gitters
Preference Poll: Microsoft Powerpoint or Apple Keynote?
I love your quotes. Before I do anything else on Twitter, I first look and read your quotes. You're awesome! xx
#WhyRelationshipsDontLast because other people try to fuck yo shit up and you let them
Busy, busy weekend for our tweeter... #backatit and you?
A5: Drama. Pure and simple. A lot fans will tune in just to see what happens next.
what are you thoughts on a musical hearse? !!!
Fights at the T station ok!!!
Can I come over??? ;-) I love home fries!
you're welcome send me a contact invitation I hope you enjoyed the videos I mentioned before
"It's true love when u say u need me like I need u & u can't be w/o me like I cant be w/o u"
i miss my big :) come home to your littles!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Enjoy #pintsandpols2. Perhaps we should sched #pintsandpols3 right after the election to debrief over beers?
I'm still wondering... why on earth did you buy me a cactus?
I'm going to blame Barton for that one
Libraries can employ MPLP by cataloging similar items as small collections instead of cataloging each item separately.
Thanks for thinking of us! Unfortunately it doesn't look like any of us are free on Saturday.
hahaha or ill shoot u!
lots of MoFos = lots of tweets :)
headed to to get a medi and pedi!!!
Scott Case says the startup economy drives the American economy! Thanks for visiting Indy
very lovely so picturesque
that the same as payin attention
Tsk Tsk friend seems like you've been attempting to double dip in the wrong pool for quite some time. And I thought you had changed.
Hey man, your contribution to the Rock n' Roll HOF induction for the Beasties was awesome and touching. Well done my friend.
dude are you in now right now? If you're here through tomorrow or the weekend, let me know.
hehe luv it let's hangout tonight!!
Most of the time I feel abnormal.
Stick it to all your exs this V-day by customizing your own candy conversation heart shirt! Any message and color! www.nightowlmerch.com
yeah, life really sucks sometimes. It's hard. But I'd rather be completely real and honest about it than completely fake.
ok I hear u man lol who got some
What is this I am hearing about a Slice and Rice restaurant at Jackson's?!
that is so pricey! :(
Did they use the Swedish kneading technique?
evening all
SMH.. RT « JUST GRABBED THE POLO SWIMMING TRUNKS»lemme see ya pale ass I'm em
Hhaha i need more!
Have fun!
Caffeine Awareness Month Fact #23 - It is estimated that roughly 12,000 tons of caffeine is consumed every year. #Whammy!
A boy who can sing to me (:
Yes indeed! We hockadoo! -The B Side
drums of illumination tnite w/ davi of forrointhedark and jessicavaliente ...it was nice to jumpin the end jam!
RT: : I'm the BEST actor in my town..I'm gonna be in 5 more productions by June. I'm WORKIN!
I'm glad you enjoyed it. Zack will be back!
Big Bill's been compared to Huey Long + Boss Tweed, but some say I'm closest to PT Barnum. I agree! We both gave the people what they want!
sorry I may have started that train see you men soon
Its always a joy 2 spend time with my great aunts here in jax aunt marion is holding on and aunt tan is right by her side. Now that's love
Well obviously you haven't listened to the new Justin Bieber yet, lol.
Withey for the block. Taylor shoots free throw to WIN.
Boy oh boy, it's such a nice day for anything outdoors. I could get used to this
and mouths too. :O
I find it funny when the "I knew they were going to lose" chants happen AFTER the game.
Just bought VMware vCloud Director Essentials, cant wait to started.
Breakfast on the go ? Grab a potassium filled banana for outrageous energy
Happy Birthday ! Can't wait for the celebrations next weekend!
Late night sermon prep. Thankful for the incredible speech coach I had in high school. Still using those principles
I know. I'm with you. Just saying. Shove us on the badlands and expect us to shut up. (Oneida here).
" Police: Derek Lowe's World Series Ring Stolen « CBS Cleveland" Keep an eye on LeBron..
has gained 55,000 twitter followers since posting from his car at
Happy Birthday - So glad you could share your day on a webinar with talking about
Dunno, but its the blue ones that do.
Someone on facebook asked - what is #greenart? Let's make it a household word! #greenart: noun, art saving earth, #recycling reinvention.
yes it is...FINALLY!!
being random > being boring
And when we think we lead, we are most led
check ur email sent u over track for mixtape w/ thank u
is a huge slut
Thank you for reminding me that I have some in the frig. Cheers.
Congrats to the cast and crew of "don't u luv me?"for succesful yat fringe run. www.yatkids.org
#iLikeWhen transitions and seg ways go smooth
I wanna see my ex n buy her n her friends bottles n leave
how do you let go of someone whom you love
pump it up after 3:30 = white trash or B parties loll
In NYC for diss research at AMNH. Let the digitizing begin.
Yes I do lol
I followed u :)
u available for freelance work right now?
i'm in afghanistan now. should i find him and beat him up?
you can bring him back something.
Ice cream cake. Yum. Moms are the best!
My horoscope stopped being relevant when I stopped leaving my house. Being a hermit is so much easier
If you would like to take Quiz 3 before the July 4th holiday begins, I have opened it early. Quiz 3 is available July 1, 11:00 AM
How are you still taking credit for this joke when it's not yours? ( )
By the time you hear this I will have already spiraled up.
sounds interesting... How did it turn out?
NOLA jazz and heritage fest only a month away!! can't wait to see , , and more local talent! (oh, and the food)
Thanks for the follow
Texts from scammers pretending to be my bank, claiming my debit card has been deactivated!
Goodnight Twitter(:
: don't be so sure... is also an ex-berliner. Glad you're happy!!! Spread the word!
Italian guys<3
Nuh uh, they started it!
Haha, yes! Do I hear a senior project proposal? I wish :-)
Last leg of the trip today, and then pulling into my new driveway. Getting excited!
yeah, I'm up here at #SMWNYC you gonna head to any of the #smwwdc events? and will be there!
Change this, YouTube. « Netcrema – creme de la social news via ...
And its not like it was ever anything amazing, but I do get tired of the whole "like this if you love god,jesus,hate cancer"
Dueces!!! Its been real you guys. Z
you are too perverted
Women&#39;s Bond Club Honors Carla Harris of Morgan Stanley and Kay Koplovitz, Founder, USA Network
when i hang out with someone, one on one, i feel like there's a 3rd person in the room... and they're usually shaped like an iphone
IT'S A PLAN!
#Jets won't be on #Hardknocks but Tim Tebow is getting a 30 minute special on E! Later this year SHAKING MY HEAD
My smile has no meaning without you.
Girls: Give and forgive. Guys: Get and forget.
Its super brisk out today
RT me and Crystal were not meant to eat MickeyD's XP anyways out for some exercise and whatnot
Well said! RT : RT : Adam disapproves of all of Christina's decision, as do I.
Man hold up...Manchu is Back Baby...That Gemini in me needed a break.....lol....got to feed them all......working on that new shh!!
A MIND IS A TERRIBLE THING TEW WASTE
It's sad when my dad has to ask me about grammer to prove he is right to my mom. :/
I heard it did! I'm upset about it to! Okay, I'll tell you what I think when I see it! :D
Text me?
I'm #DIFF'ing it up!
Come on arms and legs! Do laundry!
Kobe is 0-15, but now has enough bricks to rebuild one of the three mansions he lost in the divorce <-- ouch
I have always wanted to talk to in real life that's y I wanted to FaceTime
Sometimes you have to break the rules. Good writers know the rules and why they are breaking them!
It's only 15-13 at half?? What's goin on lol
Thanks very much for the RT!
Twitter, I'm estranged from you. I feel like we've grown apart. I just don't know what to say to you anymore. I feel like I need some space.
Natixis plans to shut commodities brokerage unit
WE ARE TTHE SAME PEOPLE...
Typo: Nurses CAN'T get enough influence...especially with the % of caregivers they represent. There are almost 3million in the U.S.
More light! Give me more light!
Thank you for the kind comments!
seeing as it's mothers day i'll pass on the best advice my mom has ever given me: never drive behind an old man in a hat.
Happy birthday to !
What will last longer: This years #Oscars or Gaddafi?
What's your coding project?
SLOANY BOLOGNA OMG
Finishing off the semester... Working... Staying low key...stacking loot... Getting ready...it's gonna be a Hott summer
increased again? oh no~~RT : Up in Austin for the #UT Regents meeting. Tuition increases on the agenda.
Enjoyed your piece on #Occupy and failure. You're right about the logic of #OWS defying the binary of success/defeat
Kobe giveth, and Kobe taketh away.
#pointofentry trending on SG twitter - thanks for all your loyal support POE fans!
So the Chinese study Finance starting in middle school and American high school students can barely define the term. Hm.
RT : s/o to for a dope interview last night.. we def had fun... #TEAMWIRE <<<yes I wanna do it again lol
"Too old for free candy? Never!" - Pinkie Pie
Do you have access to GlobalTV out of Canada?
harry is NOT a submissive bottom!!!!!!!!! [screams]
no problem bro we gotta make it!!!! Lol
come hear Jack Becker discuss the various ways that sustainability relates to public art at the AMOA, March 16, 6:30-8pm. RSVP on Facebook.
Iron Man 2 special effects were so 2009 but I didn't care because Iron Man 2 Rocked the Shit! Will be seeing soon again me thinks {%^>
Many of lifes failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up
C'mon Kaboly, at least give me credit for the Farrell/Pittsburgh Steelers line
Wrote 4 pgs during the #writing sprint. How'd you do? Time for lunch & to start reading THE STARTER SCREENPLAY.
Denver's Jammin 101.5 has got to be the best old school r&b station EVA.
Excited 2 see former colleagues & friends + meet a bunch of new ones this wknd thx to + local TV 4 sponsoring
is busy working on finding sponsors for the NorCali Blues Fest, prod mtg at 8pm tonight, and enjoying the sweet rain in nyc....
looks like the glass isn't even a quarter of the way full for you today lol
It is a perfect triangle tho!
Oh Boy, you had your chance and blew it. Now step aside and watch a real Man do it.
Driving out of In N Out Redwood City.
that sucks! I am sorry!
Celebrate this chance to be alive and breathing.
It's always a surprise! I have to keep you wanting more...hahaha
Like Bart Scott once said....CAN'T WAIT
These young niggas don't listen to shit think they know it all! I tell you niggas shit so you ain't got to go thru what I been thru
thanks! No HQ here though right?
The future is full of assumptions, & the past what could of happened. You can find me n-between past and future, n the moment. -
fun for them
Saturday and Sunday feel like a three-day blur.
I try
#DADT was repealed months ago, did it effect the army?
We are committed to bringing out some of the best artists we can find!
aahh, finally its raining in Mumbai with gusty winds...
Learning to live with the mistakes I've made is one most productive things I've ever done.
has to be my spirit animal...
If you're just tuning in, I'm interviewing performance artist for —feel free to chime in, or follow at #LRAH!
lmao I did?
Can you guys clear something up for us DIE HARD #GIANTS Fans? Which is Jayron Hosley's account or ???
don't even <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
15 min til our CEO, , talks "New Local News" 's #ILM10 (w & ). Should be good!
There is a gender difference between black male and female students
#SALUTE to all my #NEWFOLLOWERS you know the gurl
Me & Ariel going yo see chrishina and the baby tomorrow after school.<U+30C4>
No contest. LIB. But I'd rank a dozen Stones albums higher than SF.The more Mick Taylor, the less it sounds like the Stones.
Don't know how you've done it alone Love you mom<U+2764> #MothersDay <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7>
RT : Big news: NBC News calls Tennessee for Santorum.
Web Store is impressive. and are fun. And for such an old franchise is hip with tech.
fifty-two degrees in philadelphia? this is a miracle! running errands: champagne, prosecco, etc.
I want cake ^.^ lol
Im going to attempt to do my own hair in this next protective style. #Crochetbraids....HOPE its not a #FAIL lol
It's worse than sugar! It has a chemical that makes you want more and that exclamation point is bothering me
hey shannon leto i love u so much <3
BDG, Quest, and Rez some names that you gon remember.
lmao..nd yea i did it went gr8 i guess
that was definitely a surprise--didn't see that one coming, but I feel a bit out of the loop still.
it was for a job at universal and they finally called and had an amazing interview
You can advertise your villas and apartments for free on ShortTermHousing.com. Here's the link: bit.ly/pUi9jD
Nice. Good to have lunch reading! RT : Must-read links for your lunch break | ti.me/oAjOGF (via )
Seniors: Tomorrow free Advocacy Workshop at West Wellness 10:15am. Discover easy ways to get involved and stay informed on issues...
Sick and ready to leave
Sorry I didn't get you on the interview. Maybe next time!
What have been some of the most successful social media campaigns for Milwaukee?
Sanchez gets it done. Plays within himself in 2nd half & Jets get big one in Indy. Of course Indy not at full strength but what-the-heck.
AH yay ^o^
No suspension
Join WPFW's DC Politics with Eugene and today. will be on at 11am. Ask questions via twitter at
I bet there's not one person that has been to D.R and hasn't been robbed from their own family lol
Cher Lloyd night :)
Yes ma'am!!
I imagined Bridget and Andrew having this long heartfelt romance....::whimpers:: now..it's all in my mind lol
Don't understand why I still watch the cubs. Back to back HRs against the cards?
thank you!!!! She said she was coming back!!!
Coming soon! 3 new flavors from Max & Ruffy's!!! All will be grain-free! Stay tuned for more info...
#HYFR RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at RIO... at SPACE... at PEPPER.
A/S nominates for a Shorty Award in #webshow because... joe rogans podcast is awesome!
Happy to "meet" you here on Twitter!
I'd even take Dollhouse RT : So, now that Joss Whedon is Hollywoods's master now, can he please bring back Firefly?
Goodnight everyone!
why didnt i take the train today???
Ass so fat I need a nap dance
Scratch that...i wish I could be rude sometimes
Big win for #CBS as well with Peyton #Manning staying in the
Shoppin till im droppin. Which will be like...fast.
Already got my Manchester and Leeds tickets! Can't wait!<3
Glad it's over :I
steak day tomorrow. no longer a fat fatty. healthy happy boy.
I'm very glad I'm not an HR professional. There are so many things to get confused and so much to have to explain to confused people.
Prayer is the answer!:)
im in love with...my I'd
: "i love shitting on all my exes especially" do you literally poop on them?
Hi Hoosier! Where from? As for myself--Corydon, way down south.
Be #faithful in small things because it is in them that your #strength lies.
Had the first belly laugh. Great personality on that b-boy
It's wayy too early!! :(
well listen. I like your hair the way it is
Shavar Thomas not looking horrible the last few minutes.
I hate you.
I like hockey so that would be sorta cool to live in Canada lol.
“If jazz was not around; half of the music we listen to wouldn’t be around." -
Mellencamp? One of the Jackson's?
Professional genealogists use citations to validate all of their genealogy discoveries that take you back to the source of the information.
Walking in Memphis
Quasimoto al day.
is going in on Chris Crocker, get it, gurl.
LOL, I would if I could. Give me about 3 more years...
Here we go again name is about to be all up and down my TL. Thats a good thing gaining more fans :) follow back
Banana eaten; coffee poured; laptop powered on and connected; music turned up loud -- time to gave this bitch Monday a run for her money!!
Machine Translation is best for projects with 1 million words or more of internal/non-critical content that's frequently updated
Found $$$ in my fuckin shoe! (:
I am so ready for March 9th! #WarAgainstFat will be over and #FloridaGolfTrip will be here!
I don't know, you have always been nice!! Have a Great week end. And good luck to your friend that are racing!!
Finally Friday!
People who don't read books just don't understand me
About 50% of women have one breast that is larger than the other.
He a bad bad man!
Heal us, O Lord, & we will be healed. Heal us, O Lord, & we will be healed. Heal us, O Lord, & we will be healed.
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. Pablo Picasso
The movie crazy and it's not in English
oh how i wish i was that chair ;)
Lol A lil above average not that tall
LOL Congrats girlie! :D *hands over coveted VW punch bug mini car trophy prize* How do you feel? Who would you like to thank? :P
This bitch is getting braces and she keeps on talking gibberish & my dentist is like will you shutup already lmao !
Yay! You're welcome. :-)
Tank library good; payphone library bad?
So many "heady" puns...
Don't let me get in my zone.
IM SORRY ..xD i havent watched DesandNate in a while xD gunna start watching it again !!
Lets go time to hand the Heat a 3rd loss this season
Justin cant even say billingual. This kid.
Sorry, maybe I have failed to mention that I'm kind of passionate about the
Sperts said Tebow's would never be an NFL QB. He just threw for more yards than Rothlesberger and beat Steelers. Luv those naysayer sperts.
hey are you guys out yet?
do I play McNabb or Hasselbeck? And what 2 out of Forte, Slaton, and Charles?
If I won a jackpot, annuity payments, with the first delivery of money I'd pay all debts and then begin my writing career.
May have accidentally convinced four people that Tacocopter is a legitimate operation. Oops.
The fact is the #Hawks halfcourt offense stinks the #Celtics havnt defended the 3.If the Green can rebound and score on fast break they win
I have the same expectations for my friends as I do for myself
“The length of a film should be directly related to the endurance of the human bladder.” <U+2015> Alfred Hitchcock
which one is him then?? lol
What a early morning but the updates are complete and the software is reloaded.
I've basically just been watching Netflix and crying all spring break. And now i have to go back to school on Monday. Ugh.
DEMON CHILD!!!
they can chew that gum while working out.Helps prevent dry mouth. I'm the guest tweeter for love to chew gum
Perhaps I'm just a nerd, but watching a user use your app via "heroku logs --tail" is kind of fun.
Christian Beadles is possibly one of the funniest people ever.
Not everyone can live the rock star dream as you can love. Someday though when I have a real job lol
highlight of my day? lunch with at company, delicious food.
Can you make it down to Milwaukee?
thank u!
WORLD CUP!!! WORLD CUP!!! WORLD CUP!!! WHAT WHAT!!!! Be there!!!!
Just finished filming an interactive installation test for the Dark Nature exhibit. Time to edit.
your trying to kill yourself if you do that lbvs
That last 1 was a RT of but I ran out of space! And this librarian prefers chocolate chip cookies but I'll take what I can get.
I effectively balance my home life and career.
just finished my ppt slides for tomorrow's lecture. Then closed ppt and said 'no' to saving my changes.. i lost the entire file.
who won?
be prepared - tuesday the 24th. Freeze Tuition Day at UT
So do I. The fact that bro's (grandpa) middle name is Lee has nothing to do with it. #ImLying :-)
so sorry. Like family.
#58 The demasculation of men in today's society is a recipe for the destruction of our society. Men U need to be who God created U 2 B
hello I have the,incredible 2, how do I get the camcorder to pause while recordin? My son likes to make commericals, lol
Anybody tryna get high
& Why I was just at this place that smelled just like "The Multi-Purpose" room. Haha!
Tiger had a swing that won him 14 major championships, why change from something that good?
So happy to finally have a free evening to go #shopping!!! My spring wardrobe is currently lacking = new clothes for Chelsea! :)
This Saturday Treasures Ballroom #zoo u can't miss it
That is odd. I did an AR teaching project with a history faculty member this semester. Students loved it!
Can a brownie baker/actress find happiness among the twitterati? Stay tuned.
Usually this is laundry night, but it's storming outside & I'm not in the mood to fight the weather en route to laundromat
You've got to go through the worst times in life to get the Best!<3
Thanks for the fic recommendations.
Apparently people are LOVING 50 Shades of Grey - and we have a lot of copies in stock! Stop by to pick one up!
First day of Carmen rehearsals! Are you as excited for this production as we are?
Hey Dawn, it was great seeing you again! I hope your weekend is a fun one. :)
Definitely I am all for shoe shopping.
Last day with my Mama. I love having her with me... Hopefully she'll be back in Nash soon.
It was my pleasure. Any more #EvernoteSchools webinars headed our way? When?
Doesn't that go against the styleguide?
Arclight came by for a surprise visit to tonight, showed off the next generation of the access control board.
Attempting to write my bio again... Always kinda awkward writing about myself.
Suggestion #6 Be honest.
Loved and understood your review of John Irving's important novel.
Went to the gym. feelin good :)
Sarcasm doesn't translate over text very well, when I say "Today sounds like a great day for a jog or some rape" Of course I'm not joking.
It's official. has joined Twitter. I cannot be held responsible for her comments.
When there is still breath, there is always hope.
The Price is Right Episode Guide » 5952K
Happy New Year to the only person I know who works even more than me lol. Miss u!
anyways how are you?? :)
U got cute dimpless :)
I have never been nervous for anything garden-related before today. First day running childrens garden planting, no idea what to expect.
USD's Nonprofit Governance Symposium is tomorrow and Saturday. . . will I see you there? I'm presenting on Online Philanthropy on Saturday.
Hey How about Sun/Mon instead?
Procrastination? No. Last Minute? Yes.
Our extensive interview process thoroughly outlines the qualifications, experiences, and objectives of our candidates.
Alex Oriakhi is headed to Missouri. Not too surprising. He was wanting more minutes than UK would be able to provide him.
How do we make a typical school day more integrated? less compartmentalized?
We can't get enough of Kevin Eubanks! Catch his interview with Patti Jackson at 1:00p on Phillys Best R&B and Classic Soul 105.3 WDAS-FM
Happy valentines day!!! Or in my case I'm-forever-alone-and-my-life-sucks day! :)
I can't wait.. do you still keep in touch with taps team?? Do you have plans to join them again??
what?! Who? Im confused!
Spring break!!'
NFL: Baltimore vs. New England
Hates getting in line at the grocery store behind old people
Good Morning sis I am leaving for lunch now and hope you have a wonderful day. :) <3 XOXOXOXO
#sociallearn "Help people locate and identify trusted resources on the Social Web" -- i like this mindset a lot. don't avoid. encourage.
Thanks for the tweet and the awesome story!
Cindy Greenleaf--in argumentation students argue without using science facts.
Just took my shirt off and instantly lost my breath..*faints*
reporting that will opt out of contract with #Blazers and test free agency next season.
Pray for the 6-year-old boy
I would like to get some new
Let's Go to Afternoon Tea Meetup members enjoyed Afternoon Tea at Bloomsbury Tea Room in Capitola, CA this past Saturday!
If only! RT : Could you imagine a more beautiful place to do some Snorkeling? Us either.. ANSE CHASTANET ST.LUCIA is at...
Boo! (Notice I am booing your bad pun with another bad pun... Cemeteries? Boo? Oh, never mind...)
Pleasseee , Make my Birthday special and follow me , i love you <3
Thanx for sending on Museum Commons post.
Someone threw a bag of dog poop in our bushes
Now that droids have instagram..you all have no excuse GET ONE!!
Slowly losing my 'thumos'
We can't help it. Have you seen this kid? You'd understand. Lol!!
Hey Vivian, would you be interested in covering CMJ for a blog?
Heading into a meeting of the "in-charges". Code of Conduct smackdown awaits.
Thank you very much! You're nice :)
#Seahawks will kick some ass
Beautiful day hiking Mt. Washington w/family.
went to bed but the computer followed ! !
“: I need the nfl network in my room. I fucking hate baseball on espn. It's almost as bad as watching paint dry” Amen.
JPMorganChase was founded in 18th century as a water company. I wonder what products/services will be selling in 200-odd yrs!
I'm blessed love..good morning . What u up to this fine day RT : I'm good & you
Huntsman: Republican affiliation based on traditions of past leaders
thanks for the RT - amazing what we can do now!
We're done! Ya'll did great! I hope your days are all excellent! =]
Yeah Curtis!!! Woo-hoooo
I am out walking in the city and literally listening to the album on my iPhone right now! Love it! #ins&doubts
Open Source- describes a philosophy, methodology or practice in dev that promotes access to end product's source material- Word up!
You Already Know I'll Be Here G! Luv
I truly love those eggs. I can tell the difference.
snow globe?
I live my life a quarter mile at a time. Nothing else matters. For those ten seconds or less... I'm Free
thanks for following me
peaches, peaches, peaches! We have a bunch. 4 trays of them are in the dehydrator and just made a peach big crumb coffee cake! m!
The whole situation pisses me off.
One of my alltime favorites Just perfect.
New S. Studies #teachers: What do you wish you had learned in your certification program that would have prepared u 4 your 1st yr?
That's A Good Look.....
yo respect bro I'm a big fan of your music keep it up
I feel like you'd be proud of my KPOP (ish) gif on my latest post. ;)
#JACOBJEWELS are ready for that new music when is it comin
Aw snap! She done been dickmatized!
wow a tweet from flash im star struck. Ur such a big celebrity lol.
i don't know portland well enough to have a suggestion...
Don't break me down.
So yes, Minecraft is exactly as addicting as they say.
Really, emotionally more than mentally....
Awh again? What about going to bed in time for once? ;) No tv shows or whatever ;) <U+2665>
Today is the day ima be chillen at my crib wit mi amor <3 and ima kick his bun buns at disney trivia. 1 to 1
Told the guy in line behind me to please stop coughing his cigarette breath on me. And he looked at me like I was the rude one.
I've just got an extra ticket anyone want to join us?
I challenge you to RT me Brother!!! Thanks for all you do.
This is GREAT! YAY YAYAYAYAYAYYA XO J
My bestie is with a Bahamian #sigh oh the nostalgia :-)
ok its really hard but ill try!
Feels good to stretch my creative legs!
Regimes are toppled faster than it takes the NBA to play a 1st round series. The NFL SEASON is only 16. Bring back best of 5
hey papa, when are you making your grand appearance?!
. says DH follows lead of corporations in as-yet unackowledged ways. Calls for hacktivism=a discharge of that guilt
Thanks. Looking forward to presenting & answering social media questions at your Nicollet East Harriet Business Assoc. meeting
love the idea! Good luck.
Now and then I think of all the times you screwed me over Part of me believing it was always something that I'd done
Hahahah and that even more awkward moment when you say "maybe..."
good morning!
#greatday to be at the ball park! <U+26BE><U+2600>
Love movies before bed #relaxing only you are on my mind
if you go checkout i most definitely will! ;D
Thanks to all our fans for voting in the #superbandcontest! Too bad it was based on fan votes that could never afford tickets $500.
OH MY GOD. I'M SO HUNGRY. looks delicious
no thanks.
i would be too if by relatives tried that ish
Keep calm Stephen and may the odds be ever in your favor.
The space! Lots of room to cook tons of meat and the efficiency with the DigiQ is amazing!
weird night..
I'll be celebrating at #SacDerbyDays at ... but of course! :)
saw rhony reunions. Appalled! Those brunettes are mean with Luann as ringleader and Kelly as court jester. Kelly = nice? Not.
*First Place Indians are Still bouncing thru your Time line*
It's obvious that you're dying, dying. Just living proof that the camera's lying.
Take THAT
Carlos Pena may be having a great year .. but you absolutely cannot take a strikeout with the bases loaded and nobody out in the 9th, down 1
I am a cutie then:D
#InstantTurnOn sultry but acts innocent
ya geez who does that guy think he is...
It does seem ironic that the scores for the open source question are low, but open source replacements are frequently given.
peanut butter Blizzard!
Yep, rather than writing an app 6 ways 'til Sunday for the plethora of mobile OS's, have the bulk of programming in HTML5
I'm sitting a few rows behind you in the upper seating. Wish I'd spotted you before session began! :)
where do you live that it's that nice?
can u do Friday instead of Thursday possibly. I have a 130 mtg I have to go into office for
i like all the shapes on your face :)
Got da massive ass migraine
RT : #shoutout #follow my peep he's a newbie to
its a Monday WOO guess whats up next for mahomies?? YouNow with and hope they rock it tonite<33
Pray for me!!!
dan just ordered one for me! i don't know if it's black or white. i'll let you know when it arrives!
None of us can wait for the Andrew Dice Clay show tonight in Nashville! Its gona be fucking epic
i wont have parents, i could sneek out with no problem. we just need a ride
Genius! :p And here I was thinking you were rich...
oh oh oh! Or is it just a hit and run?:-) (hehe and si! And Of course babe!)
the I my problem is that when you're there it's a no shenanigans zone
Who the fuck took my pink lighter out of my car... I will find you
LSP's is teetering on the brink of 3000 Twitter followers Who will be the lucky 1 to push him over the edge?
haha how do you hate beyonce?
Blended learning takes the best of f2f and online which is why it works so well.
"Oh my god were at Disney world they can do whatever they want!". NO! Control your kids.
Stay safe, friends in Dallas.
Searches that brought people to my webs site: alpha male and female primate; chimpanzee pedophilia; aggressive wife beating husband
pos u got lost :b
Thanks for joining the Pitt ranks just in time for graduation Peregrine chicks!
l do not wanna go to school today.
RIP Steve Jobs
Enjoying a can of Fat Tire. A rare thing in Pittsburgh.
Ethical Bull Breed Rescue and Referral: HSUS - Humane Alert ...
Popeyes chicken hit the spot!
Here is my platano loco cupcake enjoy
~ this seems to be the case after a couple of years
Tuesday is Family Night #Baltimore >Get 5 Sonic Burgers for $5.95 after 5PM. Now that's a deal>That's $9 in savings. 8212 Liberty Rd
“: Just went through my friend requests. Had roughly 150 if them. Maybe I should check that shit more often..”
This is making me laugh.
yooo follow me my dude!
It is only the inadequacy of the criminal code that saves the hackers from very serious prosecution.
Filling out my Twitter profile.
Someone bring me hot soup!!!
New Orleans is a party city
Well behaved women seldom make history.
I am a #catperson because I love their independent spirits.
i wanna go swimmin tho even tho its windy as hell
jus laughed as a hype as 4 a drink of my milkshake while walkin bac 2 work, lol
EPIC set tonight at #RecherTheater just wish I could have gotten a pic with
I hope i get to see my boyfriend for more than 2 min tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
My twitter feed is like my daily therapy. I just read my feed and usually get a lift in mood b/c I only follow those who R O C K =D
said she not drinking dis week. O.o yrgtfoh lol
Have a wonderful day, everyone.
What did you think of Isobel's tantrum? Was she this much of a pain last season? Haha I don't remember her being so unbearable.
Can't you skip all classes and listen to them later?
So....where do you want to see a Bear Lake show this fall?
Build for your team a feeling of oneness, of dependence on one another and of strength to be derived by unity. - Vince Lombardi
same itss just amazing.
I'M THINKING ABOUT MY AUNTIE YOU WILL BE MISSED TRULY
MY GOYFRIEND JUST RAN INTO A SIGN AND I'M LAUGHING AT HIM.
yeah a little
Just had to explain to my little sister that even though her mom doesn't make her wash her hands, she has to at our house. Is this a joke?
And quit putting the deli meat in with the raw meat.
sweet. hope you made it back safe, and your beer did too ;)
xoxo :* love you!
OMG, so sad. Prayers.
and I look back in regret when I didn't listen, when they said run as fast as you can;
Developing interpretive panel templates for our 60th anniversary exhibit. Stay tuned for more info on this new outreach collaboration.
#weeklyrecap: Ethics class ended at DU, 4 disability evals completed, numerous reports written, and a visit from the FBI.
Love is like a booger. You keep picking at it until you get it, then wonder what to do with it.
RT : RT : "Women aren't a special interest group. We're half the human race." ~
Haha, I had to read that twice to get it but then I lol-d!
RT : Everybody know i screen calls, so if I don't fuck wit ya stop blowing my phone up...#bitchesthesedays... Really? Lol
is flying back to Chicago after a great interview in Casper, Wyoming
#JS8 the brand coming to #Atlanta #Atmosphere soon
#tobehonest you can go kick rocks!:)
Save up to 70% on travel this weekend! Book from 3 wks to 3 hrs before departure. Packages include flight, hotel & more. www.FreeXpedia.com
you sound a little bitter
Some people in this fandom are rude, don't listen you have every right to be here just as much as the older girls do.
chip wht up
God morning #montgomery #Alabama! I hope everyone stays safe with the approaching storms.
why are you so beautiful and talented?! You're too amaze-balls. My mind and body can't handle it! Come to Hawaii for vaca!
Workout done and over...Feeling awesome fam just clocking out for the day ;)
This girl sittin nxt to me is bad af , cnt even concentrate
Clear your cache and cookies. Reboot try again. RT : I can't get on the site:)
Here we go!
Each production site is billed individually. There is no charge for sandbox sites.
Tomorrow one of the big day in my academic life so nervous and excited!!!
lol no not the baby
don't rush it lol , it hit af down there lol!
Just assigning ISBNs to some great new books which are forthcoming in the #legenda series from &
That's what's up, thank you :). How's your week been?
If you're telling me you wouldn't let R Kelly piss on you while he sang 'I Believe I Can Fly' you're a goddamn liar. So much soul.
It's one of those days!
If you let me inside of your world<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
C'mon Jersey beat those damn Flyers already!
We were right off of pch and didn't feel anything!?
“: CBS not showing Grammys live on west coast. CBS sucks gaga's egg! Have they not heard of twitter? Pure idiocy.”
4 more days until I see you at the Rave!!!!!!
my phone isn't working.
Coast Guard application filed today. First step in making Portland Boat Tours launch this spring. Get excited!
I feel sorry 4 those who have to go thru that hurricane
lunch was m good. had some roastbeef with gravy and fries.
Thanks for stopping in! How was your visit?
so glad it's Friday! Can't take another day of working with all the rednecks in my office. Who are we!? Mississippi or something?
You only get lost at the plaza once in your life
Excited that Mad Men and The Killing are BACK!
Follow back?
oh yeah, but wait you're seeing him twice NY and then Cali <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> so you win!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+263A>
you give really good hugs! :D
Watching The Skeleton Key, ive never seen it before its pretty good
Happy B-Day to my friend Cymbre! Great time at Spare Room Roosevelt last night. Bar/w bowling lane and a game of scrabble cant b beat
My dad is in Alabama and doesn't know how to change the time on his phone LOL
- Thanks for the # shoutout. Having an awesome day!
“#Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better.” - Pat Riley
Physicality, tactility. I can't forget/ignore it easily like I can bits on my hard drive. It's annoying- usefully
looking forward to whatever it is or will become!
But if its only mentioned once, dont u think adultery & divorce r much bigger issues to sanctity of marriage?
RT : Visiting in Reston, VA today to interview regarding his firm McMahon Welch & Learned watch for the video soon
Are ILS vendors excited about exploring the potential of RDA/FRBR? I've seen very little movement that's not reactive (VTLS excepted)
No idea how guns and permits work but: if you're under 18, can you carry a gun without a permit in your name? Go to a shooting range? Hunt?
Butterfly in the sky, I will beat your ass in trivia.
Game Time! get ready Colonials Fans, great football is coming to Kelleher!
Congratulation to Monty Ball on being named a finalist for the Heisman. Is there room for one more in the football trophy case!
We now know Malkin is a Santorum supporter. She was doing the same as Coulter, trying 2 destroy every other candidate.
And the depressing thing is...I know I'm doing all this just to get a failing grade...
#ThoughtsWhileRunning shoot me...
Happy mothers day to all the mothers doing the job!
My ears are burning! Ugh.... Someone must be talking about me <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
Welcome to Michelle DiBattiste of Occidental College, on her way to Dublin for the summer!
Had an awesome new year! There's no place like NYC ;D
Bouta knock out.
Tweeting in a Photoshoot right now.
u love u
The key to successful #leadership today is influence, not authority - Kenneth Blanchard
Existence depicts. I'm not going to hell for someone else. I've been down there...
ONE MORE PERIOD.
thumbing through 's #PermissionMarketing again
spending time outdoors
Reading Catching Fire (second book of The Hunger Games), drinking wine and cuddling with my two kitties... I love being a female! :)
Not exactly a ringing endorsement.
OMG, this diet must be working: I no longer crave Taco Bell every minute of every day.
I'm SO excited to see you tomorrow!!! I'll be in the 2nd Row!!! Can't wait!!! :-)
We are going into to finish drums and start on bass next Saturday. We love our rhythm section!
I'm heavy handed. I can't have nothing.
yeeeeee okay love you !!!! Even if we are spreading apart
Good move sending Stephanie Sutton to #DWTS! Love the reporting on !
Wow check it out! RT We're sorry to hear this. Please alert your conductor on board about your connection issues.
Watching #SunsetBlvd & reminiscing about a lot of good, bad & indifferent memories of my own.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> RT ": Congratulations!! You smoke and tweet about it!"
Today I learned that motivation can come and increase while doing the task.
Where? RT Anyone wanna hoop outside today?
I'm not a baby! You're the baby! And I know. I like my name in yyour phone. It's cute(: you're cute.
Happy Easter from our family to yours! We open at 4pm today :)
Just Go with the flow, God is driving the car -->> FAITH!
Some say I'm up tight n need to relax but I hve 2 much 2 lose and many people tht want me 2 freak up. Not goin give them the satisfaction.
Jason Bonham's Led Zepp Experience tonight!!
clearly the merry go round could help with that;)
I just went swimming and my hair is disgusting!!
Anyone currently using an HTC One S? Kind of want to buy one and go to that T-Mobile $30 prepaid plan.
Love scary movies :)
I'd love to, but I'm not blaming a kid for having diabetes. He really struggled last year, so maybe a blessing in disguise.
Mrs.smith is going to take your phone again and say "omg I have to save a kid out of the water #fml"
There was actually a second round of peer review on the chapters post-conference, which is why I'm unsure.
:-) fun times
I see clean right through you Taylor!
hey girls what's up? How have you been?
When I close my eyes, i see the perfect woman, when I close my eyes, I see you
You know someone means a lot to you when their mood affects yours .
But still....U just dont get to his level....
Hi Dan. I'm wanting to learn how to bake bread. Any tips on how to get started? Recipes?
Bajan Reggae night disappoints
I hate getting dressed only to find out plans are cancelled dude -__-
surprise performance Ms. Lauryn Hill tonight only @ Grand Central Dwntn Miami | 697 N. Miami Ave . ticketfly.com
Gonna be the saddest day and the happiest!!!!
are you exporting email addresses?
Sick default! XD
Naht-YOUR cup of tea?
co-creation can be great if you have a bunch of experts. but if everyone same to start with, isn't it blind leading the blind?
Oh awkwards conversations in the bathroom
Ordered something from at 9:21 PM last night. It was delivered at 11:04 AM this morning.
You may field 12 players--we want to show you how much better we are with 11.
Morning Oregon!Great Day to make some quick cash for junk cars today!
I HATE drama!!! But if u bring it to my phone, house, fb, twitter just know ima finish that shit.
ugh you have no idea.
I have a Facebook account just search my name Barbara Akram & there i am.. i will add u as a friend..:-) :-) :-)
I can now join the rest of America in saying that I've seen the Hunger Games. PhD stuff = damper on the pursuit of cultural relevance.
haha she has NO idea!
Waiter Shawn re-explained sweet breads for the kids. Lol
Questioning things..
Weekly Quote: "I don't think that once you get to one level, you can relax. You've got to keep pushing. " -- Larry Bird, basketball player …
I'll let you know if anything changes
RT awarded ALA Diversity Research Grant to explore the way elementary librarians collect diverse materials
“: I hate when the conversation dies between you and the person you love.”
now following , follow back ?
I miss your live chats.
the crap we talk da guys we stalk laughs we cant stop the gosip we spil loks that kil wel be together cuz wer best friends forever
would one of u invite me to pin interest?
Haha wow. Not sure what to say to that.
HGTV MT : What's your default TV channel?
Middlebrooks - wow! Is Youk going to take his time returning?
my favorite place! Pick me up some candy please
Ready to watch the USA win and move on to the quarterfinals
Sometimes it takes me a min to follow back sorry.
Good lord... it's probably a sad sign that I recognize those Pancakes being ones from The Griddle Cafe at Sunset and Fairfax.
I'm official like the dude in the strips
I feel weird when I realize I don't have to go to sleep.
she's only about 7 she just always looks miserable
Oh heck, I just broke my own "no politics on social networks" rule. Ten day suspension for me.
Learn what makes them tick, know what lifts them.....
I have never been afraid to go and get a #haircut until no
* Brother , RT I miss my lil sister n really needa talk to her!
Also congrats to and Katie Beirne who are tying the knot tonight. Huzzah!! to quote
Newt's reference to Alinsky coded anti-semitism in SC. Newt would deny & play victim. He forgot that FL has many Jewish voters.
On Facebook couples whose pictures pop up in our newsfeeds: "Go love each other in real life, not on Facebook!" -
the refs must be related to McNabb
Four pillars of social media for International: learn, educate, help, thank
Wait, there's stuff in your timeline that you need to be urgently updated on?
anyone interested in a THATCamp Bay Area meet up at the Irish Bank this Sat to welcome friends from DigitalNZ & Powerhouse Museum?
working on the new www.skiracingdevelopment.com website - will launch in the fall...more to come!!!
Hey you there... The movie about you comes out tomorrow... You fluckin chimpanzee
Just a reminder that net proceeds from tomorrow's Pacers game goes to United Way of Central Indiana. Great way to kick off season!
oh good! Glad to see some people agree haha
Congratulation to my god daughter #Jamika Whitsett. Graduated frm East Carolina University.B.S NUTRITION SCIENCE.:-)
Facebook is the only place where it's acceptable to talk to a wall
Good things come to those who tweet! Get 5 of your teammates to RT #marchforbabies305 and you could win a $25 gift card !
ha, it worked! For some reason I can't just pause that memory response.
hahaha ... tell us how its done!!! NOW!
Starting to lose respect for a lot of family more and more..
i knw rite u gotta get a shit load of fucking hits on youtube 2 get on tv
sounds good!
#HappyBirthdayMadison did this seriously not trend?
Anti-dog RT "To be sure, the dog is loyal. But why should we take him as an example? He is loyal to man, not to other dogs."
hey buddy! good to see you on here? how is everything with you?
Wake up in the morning feeling like a burger
On a scale of 1- african how hungry are you ?
These multis deserve like an extra big medal cause they do like 10 events. --
YES!!! It's home brew night at the White House!!!! My favorite is the Islamic Pale Ale. Joe's favorite is the Kennedy Special (19% alcohol).
It's tough! It's difficult! It's tufficult!
thank you! where are you guys headed this weekend?
Thanks so much for your enthusiasm! It's always great to connect with our #comunidad !
i think im kill bill freddy jason and if i get up in her i leave her body acen
Im so freakin scared
Birds of feather breakfast about storytelling - hosted by Join us to talk about stories
I am rooting for the #OrlandoMagic; after what #DwightHoward did to his coach, I want Van Gundy to show him he is not what he thinks he is.
so i am like 100% completely in love with <3
So all 3 of my exboyfriends are married/getting married... Let the drinking commence </3
congrats on making it home. And for avoiding napalm. Headed to heathrow now.
Right?? Would be crazy.
treme killed last night at davies in sf. today they are on playboy jazz fest at hollywood bowl -- sfjazz collective on stage after them.
I have a couple of demo "decks" made up. I need someone to test them on.
I'm no longer trying to do this, I'm just
Looking for recommendations on a good web-based intranet app for 300+ users.
You are not doing a heck of a lot better covering basketball...
no. What messages?
Fabulously insightful & career enhancing tweets from -->
Boo hoo! You have an iPad. I'm totally jealous and want to see it before you go!
thanks Gin!
Before the Housing Melt down 25% of loans were subprime once they eleminated SP those loans went from 8% to 13% and that is the real Deal.
Hey hey hey it's BTR!!!
thanks for the #FF shout out! :)
Thanks, Ryan. How are you?
I'm off to see star trek. There's something satisfying about seeing a movie @ 9:30 am...
yeah true... but the dude has the greatest ass in
So. Fucking. Horny.
abstraction is a type of decadence
you don't need to refrigerate cheese if you plan to eat it within a couple of days. Pb&j likewise.
: just watched your interview with ugh, it was #amazing loved, your dedication on album to #TomHanks ^_^
thanks for the retweet :)
I don't even no what time it starts
thanks for your note. #ConnectedCulture will be available on #ipad by end of June 2011, same with #kindle and #nook versions
Smokin a clove in a darkened corner and watching a drunken lovers quarrel.
Dark Paul Gosselaar.
Yeah, I've gotten the allclear to leave -- but I fear the traffic. Yuck.
We are off to Columbus OH to see The President
Dupont Circle and Georgetown
Eating my momma b day cake
. who's idea was it that you can't serve food at the down stairs bar?
Tuna salad with lotsa celery and lemon
Idk he was kinda my ride... I cant find my buss pass.
#WeLiveInAWorldWhere There are all kinds of people busy in different things at different time in different places.
happened to me too last month, took three days but police got it for me. Love Find My iPhone app
there you go.
ha - we agree with that one!
Damn same age as me, livin his live, and he never knew it would be taken away so quickly. The thought of it is very perplexing
Congrats Badgers! Big Ten Championship Gear Now Available! www.buckyslockerroom.com
It is not too early to apply for summer #internships and jobs!
New twitpic! Oh I love my eyes <U+2665>
I'm in! Weekend or weekday better? I can do this Sun afternoon (2/5) or next Mon afternoon (2/13).
Dan Savage is an advocate for cis, white, able-bodied, middle-class gay men, and to hell with everyone else.
RT : New #SavageU tonight on at 11 PM. I'll be tweeting along—join me!
The Silk Tie likes Zev! We share an interest in entrepreneurship, do we share an interest in ties?
Q1-I buy fresh foods several times each week
Change the batteries in your smoke and carbon monoxide detectors once a year, test them regularly.
The publisher makes that decision:-(. But I promise to let you know if they decide to go with an ebook version.
oh cool cool lol
Gangsta grizill RT : Thai chili shrimp. Chinese eggplant. Wasabi Salmon... Chicken Yakatori... all going on the grill...
Tim Riggins was on GMA this morning???? Stupid work trip...always messes with my morning news show viewing.
I think there's a support group for people like us. ;-)
in my acting class we discuss empathy all the time. It's critical for our role as storytellers.
Special is ready, soup is made, bring on the people! I am ready for a good & busy day. I don't care if I can't walk after!
How about that Governor Doe, eh?
Growing up & living around Dallas, I don't remember the weather being as crazy & unpredictable as it has been the past 4 years.
how did you get your twitter pic?
I'm looking forward to seeing the user interface via the Beta
that would be amazing :D
Bummer, Seth told me the only reason he's been so nice to me is because his girlfriend thinks I'm emo and handicapped
Had a Great Time today with some really Great Friends!
Double header & won both games. Yay!
Good morning all looks like a great day to work on some good music
your welcome :-)
Yum! Care to share? ;) RT Some #Tampico With Some Chili Cheese Fries =D
Just cut a good three inches off my bangs. I'm going to miss being able to put them in my pony tail
Hunter Hayes' voice is perfect <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
you crazy as hell, Kobe dat nigga!
SO COLD.
“It is and has always been an American zeal to be first in everything we do, and to win…”~Vince Lombardi
Of course!!!! Idk when though...
Brewers are in beast mode
Always wondering what today would be like if he'd never died
Nahh the school. Ima lift then come home.
Oh, it exists. Let's not be so rigid about existence.
The Hanbury Williams daughters relate to father through theater.
I think we can all say called that one
Let's go !
Check out the Wounded Warrior Project. A wonderful organization.
I'm waiting on apple wit the mac
Glad you guys are back to just podcasting. Thought the TV format was holding you down a bit.
I missed you more princess RT : ... I missed you today! :-(
Just stupid just plan stupid
voted for ya!
A good margarita, a good red wine, I like expensive alcohol, but not a lot of it. I don't like to throw up. ~ Denise Richards
What happened to 1 of my final 4 picks Missouri??!!!!!
AND MY SWAGG
Follow for great #photography tips and tricks. Thanks for putting together good info, Brian!
#Cupcakes for breakfast allow the creativity to flow. Implementing this as an every-day occurrence
#MAHOMIES gonna go hard and get this worldwide <3
Happy Easter!!!
since forever!
Marissa's is "West Coast Marketing Coordinator" and Jimbo's is "Manager of Cheer"
Had an amazing volleyball season with and (: love you both<3
Movistar brings Sony Xperia U to Spain - Telecompaper (subscription)
huge get for you guys. Watched him play several times. Athletic, giant freak. Really wanted him in Indy
You are an inspiration to everyone. I wish you the best life, and i hope you will notice me someday :) xx
We just followed up!
did you know that i love you.? (;
Great worship service this morning!
i just burped really loud , ops . lol
Only fearing God and nothing else
yes, the if supports sopa
So nice to see so many children in the audience at today's showing of World Peace in Charlottesville! They love it!
Longbar tonight!!!....for the grown & sexy!
really good! Less flash thankfully and I'm really loving liza weil (aka paris geller)! Also still lovin Columbus Short
Agreed. Perfect example of the absurdity of many of the #juvenilejustice system practices
hmm no, I hate you :)
Great day of cramming linux knowledge. 16 more days like this and I may actually pass this exam!
resume building workshop this thursday from 5-6pm at Hillel!
Iron man 2 was a blast movie
Play the CCR version of "I Heard It Through the Grapevine" on is always good.
Really liking Azure cloud platform. Contrary to Benioff's 'Azune' quip at Web 2.0 last year, this might take off
caffeine overload.
that happened to me in a casino once....lol
Stange: "The ability to condition sequential ed decisions on new info increases welfare...makes ed outcomes less polarized by background."
act like a Princess , look like Barbie , smoke like Marley !
dude I'm from Kentucky and don't even think that's funny. Yet. I think you're hilarious. Can u take that 1 back?
I see. Yeah, I think the Lions aren't desperate enough or elite enough to roll the dice like that. If that makes sense.
Thank you God for a Sky Tonight That Is Kentucky Blue!
Thanks for RT! Enjoy your weekend!
Yeah, losing by 1 would've been devastating. Oh well, next yr I guess!
Miguel Cotto brought it last night. My respect for this boricua knows no limit. Sadly, not enough to get the win. But damn, what heart!
<--- Recommend to follow
hehee. <3 you're sessy and you know it (;
“: That ruling on Pitbulls in the state of md is bs” agree here buddy
Really interesting games!
pep rally tonight!
Ppl bring all these other issues into it. I don't. I'm a pragmatist - USE A CONDOM! Cheap, easy to use, directions included...
Studio with and
Belieber And Directioner Always,And I never Forget,,,,,
Advertisers, pay for your ad only when customers interact with it and get real time analytics.
It's a yoga pants kind of day.
RT : Its game time!!
Gatta finish putting this mixtape together... (In the studio)
Watching Horrible Bosses, this movie is a trip lol
Maybe it's the BATHING they object to in the story, rather than the nudity LOL
The dread of death follows from the dread of life. A man who lives thoroughly is prepared to die anytime.
im from cleveland. u?
It's better to be hated for who you are than to be loved for who you are not.
#HappyThanksgiving! Enjoy your day with your friends and loved ones!
Justin Will Always Be Our Hero ... of course i love <3
d'oh! Go figure, it'd be one of the 6 days out of the year when it's not hot and sunny there!
looking good
my god, this cast is outstanding.
Finally getting my flu shot
thanks for all the live tweeting last night! great event coverage by a great sponsor!
#youknowyouhungrywhen you constantly say "im hungry"
Newcastle are in form. Wow.
by biggest, I meant most $$. And it wouldn't be close
what celebrity would you most like to see ?
Frank Nobilo who has actually been EASY on TW recently "Tiger won't even say hello to me these days" Typical Woods, kiss that ass....or OUT.
all the guys i like make me laugh on a daily basis, i swear<U+2665>
Fazolis breadsticks are as good as it gets though. That's high class no matter where you are. Especially if they are unlimited.
“ Shut the fuck up, all you do is Bitch.”
wish I could be there now!!
Portland flights booked, trips to Austin, Hawaii and LA in the works, and New York, you need to happen, soon.
Good idea, but I think they would eat his lunch if he had a spokesperson…oh wait they are eating his lunch.
Water is just another word for Diet Coke without caffeine.
I dont like lebron or Kobe I like Carmelo Anthony !
I've seen proprietary docs in the open before. I usually let the local sysadmin know -- sometimes they think it's secured.
Thank you for a wonderful, memorable awards day in Tallahassee.
Thanks for the follow bruh, if you want to do a track HMU
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. - Judy Garland
I shall not give up. I will tweet once a day until she recognizes me and tweet me back. :(
RT "What a #teacher writes on the blackboard of life can never be erased." ~Author Unknown
OMC amazing #RT Elvira just spanked my ass raw w/my riding crop...which I gifted to her loveliness
I thought I was ready for you. I guess I was wrong...
"Gosh you're a minger. Haha." -Sophie
The Finest Things in Life are Free.
#bigbangtheory marathon on
UR A FUCKING HATER. AUSTIN IS A BELIEBER TO ! I THOUGHT BELIEBERS WER FAMILY. UR JUST A HATER.
Heading down to the river today? Perhaps the pool?
was he cute?
The best way out is always through. ~Robert Frost
Thank you very much. I am glad you enjoyed it. :) thank u vry much for looking.
“: Skin, TAG, Gina Miller and I just had a short visit with Jay-Z. Pretty sure we're all a posse now.” photo or it didn't happen
M yeah. I'm not sure this next MBP will switch up all of Apple's Mac lineups though. The computer you're describing will.
your welcome :)) have a great rest of the week!!! I wouldn't object to you posting more pics of yourself ;)) hahaha ...
LOL no you don't!
Cat owners– how long did your new cat hide when you brought it home? I figure a week is OK (on day 3) but my kids are not so sure.
Aside from "Duh" - how would u ask us fans to react to your epic "Move On" tweet?
Mr. Hankins is retiring for the evening, or as we say at Hankins Ranch, "GOODNIGHT, GOON."
Ellis for Bogut. Jackson not key at all.
#yolo by the strokes is my favorite song
Spotted a 1BD on 12th just south of John yesterday. Top of a house. Included garage. Was around $1300/mo tho
good to see you today! Sorry we didn't get a chance to talk~
looking up my cousin
I opened the curtains so that sun would know it’s way inside.
Boy stop
Oh wow. We definitely have some catching up to do!
Enjoyed watching the 2012 kids choice awards. I feel connected back to my childhood. Congrats to Will Smith for hosting!!!
Thank you Walmart and Sam's Club for a great first week of the balloon campaign. You are helping make miracles happen!
Cleaning the house spotless for a party that I'm not even allowed to attend.
Is your house looking Drab? Hire me to make it Fab.
Come by today for Wine Wednesday! All bottles are half price!
Happy Belated Birthday from Jacklyn, Nichole, Sam, Stormy & I! We wanted to be the last ones to tell you not the first. (;<
Oh yes McCain did! Holocaust and jews=money....might just hang him
Yeah I've done some pretty stupid things but hey, I'm a little bit harder and a whole lot smarter, that's how I got to be this way. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Damn I'm old MCA of the #BeastieBoys died.
Spread the word! Tonight openly gay & Jewish Republican candidate for President Fred Karger on my show 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
no it did not :l my took a day or two to change if you're trying to change it
SMH on these young moms who have a different baby daddy for every kid
At capitol for conservation slumber party!!
Tbh This Is Not Racisim. It is so funny when spanish and white people say "Nigga" But They Shit Be Dope Af Doe.
gotta teach these 7 n 8 yr olds the nations past time, oh n can't fuckin wait for softball this summer w my niggas
Things learned so far: look through the turn, keep your knees and elbows bent to absorb the impact of the obstacles... this is a lot of fun!
Maybe those reviewers aren't in their right mind!
The poetry man is on my el train right now. He has a 'poetry man' themesong.
Never heard back from you in the fall. Need to get in touch b4 FF. Need to connect in New Orleans. Important to Mgrs.
RT : software developer in #Tampa, #Miami, or South Florida? knowledge of .Net I'd like to help you find a project!
Race hard or don't race at all
ATSU-KCOM art expo going on in the Centennial Commons TODAY until 6:00. Music, art, and refreshments. Be sure to stop by.
#Broncos need to keep #TimTebow. Can't make same mistake as
love you and yall are my favorites on #DanceMomsMiami! Stay awesome :))) Lucas is so sassy I love it haha!
((XCLUSIVE)) PRESENTS THE NEW "3RD WARD" RADIO SHOW WITH BANGING ALL THE NEW FLAVOR! SHOW LAUNCHING IN MAY 2012
I love she is so wonderful
Fuck You Pay Me!!
Nick, is it true that you will be performing at the Miami Piano Festival?
Been doing my nails since 11:30 AM. This lady is too slow.
#SignsAPersonCantCook - Nothing in the Kitchen or refrigerator or they use the Oven as place to keep clothes
"Do you do improv?" "Yeah...how'd you know?" "You have a mustache."
make sure you say hi to David Diehl of the #GIANTS visitors on deck circle
I think quitting my job & hanging out longer tonight was the best option, ! :( I'll see you soon in Nashville & make up for it!
Laughing at my friends pain! HAHAAHA
lmao what's your number??
shout out to u
love is like a fart if you have to force it, its probably shit.
I bet Warner Herzog sang beautiful, delicate lullabies to his children when they couldn't sleep at night.
Landed a huge project with a very important company... any guesses?
Went to a store today and they were selling baby ducks Tryin to convince my mom to get me one
“Riding along in chaps and spurs, the clear cool breeze in my face,I wondered why the life of a cowboy wouldn’t suit me”
is MINE <3
thanks Shauna - yes your bro doing his thing.
We have an immediate need for a senior level strategist for a ridiculously exciting gaming industry project. Interested? DM me.
Thursday's ...the freaks come out at night!
is working up the motivation to get out of bed and... yes, pack. Movers will be here in less than 24 hours. AWESOME.
Rainy rainy
will do.. thanks
heading over now! Still standing?
Great day of painting our soon-to-be pop-up shop. Let's hope the unexpected rain doesn't ruin it!
Need a new change of scenery.
RT Give up my diet. Need rice!
Awww, thank you! I'm just glad I could help!
just heard that song.
back to work today...and my office has moved to l'enfant plaza...
Working graveyard tonight. Time to catch up on the latest season of Cops.
Why can't you just say we're more than friends.??
Thanks for the RT!
im jtfo cause bitch thats really how we talk rotflmao
Raiders fans always know their enemy and we hate them with a passion especially the Dischargers
Playing a Venetian $350 today because binions registration was a mess... Over 900 runners here tho! Summer is almost over :(
antonio Daniels and Tony Wroten are similar. Also both turnover machines
It is a treat, isn't it? My idea of a great start to a great day!
u said it. Dude can write & he sings wit his own style & his songs have their own lane. He will Blow Up! YMCMB is killin it!
Of couuurrse, Espy... you know it. -____- WALLEEE, MISS YOU GIRL.<3 Hopefully I see you next week!!!!k jjf;owawjt;ow4tj
Spring ahead folks ... TONIGHT: daylight savings time begins this weekend.
LOVE your profile pic! Are those glasses part of your collection? I need to know where you got them/if I can steal them from you!
debut LP, Two-Way Power out soon. Next show @ Dino's 2/24/12!
Hearing someone tried to abduct a girl in Fairport yesterday. Anyone know anything about this?
Who's joining us today
I got grounded again, haha.
What's your safe word?
I've promised myself that I'll stop watching the carnage when the #lakers are down by 40 pts. (I canNOT believe I just wrote that!)
hahaha it was my 4th tweet ever lol. And this response is my 5th :)
Cool! At first I felt funny baby talking to my dogs. But then it felt fun just doing that lol! yes they love it!!
lmao that's cuz it's true. You got a lot of evil in that little body of yours lol
They have what we want but we have what we need
Emily from love and hip hop is so thick
Boonville about to get a new senior citizen center
y did the jags have to loose a game lik dat it was horrible wats going on
you bet NOT be a stranger or we gonna have some problems.. lmao wadddup
Has had a wonderful birthday!!
Fill In The Blank: I'm going to __________________ on Saturday. Who else said shopping?!
At Costco and I just saw a woman pull a calculator out of her pocket. Yep, its that serious!
Any topic you guys want to read about in our blog? Hit us up!
Me too! And then Hazza looks so damn cute in the backround too! :D <3 LLN
Welcome to Cbus! Stop in for lunch before the concert! we are across from the venue and open until 2:30p! Lunch is on us!
This bus ride <<< not the shit
When will they add Gingers to the endangered species list?
hands-down my favorite candy! If only any of it were ever for me...
I'm just trying to teach fruit bats how to take body shots....
ur really pretty maybe we can be friends
Congrats to Jason Terry and the Mavs tonight. JT, you made everyone in Seattle proud tonight!
Diall is trending now
Why am I having such a hard time falling asleep. My brain needs to bring it down a notch.
If you have the chance to watch "By The People: The Election of Barack Obama" on HBO its a very well done documentary and worth the view
Damnit i brake a charger every week
sure. We miss you in lit! Congrats on the new assignment, though.
My muthafuckin car is completely paid off!! #whatchuknowboutdat??!!
Come to lipstick shoe bar and buy shoes abd win prizes at 4126 pennsylvania in westport !!!!!
Looking forward to #AERA2012 and Vancouver. Presentations are all ready, and schedule is quite promising!
I need a favor! :) We're still in 2nd place... can you vote us into 1st?
RT : Just to review, we have a Mormon & a woman who had a baby out of wedlock (not that I care) defining traditional family values?
...I love you, too, sugar. Glad you like the photo. Its a handsome silhouette.
funniest man in the
RT if you're in love with writing! :)
me encanta sharks
Agreed! Weather not too bad if it needs to go out. Adopting an adult greyhound, probably. Walking better in the spring, too!
Published models and trust their bodies to working out with me, shouldn't you?...
Pulling for #OKC in this series. Their fans are great.
TRAFFIC: Caller report - WB 18/151 @ Hwy PB. Traffic is staring to get through on the shoulder.
Sex alleviates tension. Love causes it.
The Walking Dead has stopped making sense to me, w/characters no longer true to themselves. Zombie shark jumped and devoured.
I need more friends that have the same music taste as me. :/
we can bedazzle FLASH on it too!
We're investigating a box of a dozen donuts, that's what's going on. RT: hi guys, what's going on?
I did something nice, then you always twis everything around.
Milwaukee!!!!!President to Visit Master Lock: President Barack Obama will visit Master Lock in Milwaukee on Wednesday.
You want grassroots support among the group that will actually deal w/ the tech, but also those who cut the checks.
that's funny
You're a good dude for doing this.
thanks for the RT!
haha what do you mean I wonder why
Welcome back!
I was wondering if they went through w/Bond's plans or she said "no thanks"
long time no hear how things been going for u self and the fam? I hope everything is going well on your end
Today's BTU inspiration: "Faith is the bird that sings when the dawn is still dark." ~Tagore
Never regret. If it’s good, it’s wonderful. If it’s bad, it’s experience. -Victoria Holt (thanks, )
Am I wrong to be sad that of 40 kids asked to create a list of unalienable rights (not in Const. or DOI) only ONE named EDUCATION?
RT : To send light into the darkness of men's hearts - such is the duty of the artist. ~Schumann ~¤~
See amazing highlights from youth sports and share "THE Play of the Game" from your kids or players you coach www.thePlayoftheGame.com
#BeingElmo on ! Now! Thirty seconds in. Heart is melting.
Is any part of the metro area safe from Burglars? They've been busy in Tualatin. Story coming up at 10AM
yes, on mute she's gorgeous
Decision day!!
I like that Obamazeera TV! That's good, might have to borrow that one.
« If a chick uses words like "Yutt" and "Neck" there's a pretty good chance she owns some Jordan's and will fuck u pretty fast»
this is what I'm looking to do. I was told a Guru could help in this channel of cleansing
Nope laptop.
sorrryy bro I just like raped your twitter cuz girll is amazayn I laughed at like every tweet. Lol
Hockey time. Lets go FLYERS
#NYRANGERS where are the bruins? Haha good morning!
Just don't fall. You center of balance shifts as you get bigger.
Some mistakes are not so bad as we think!!! Columbus thought it is India when he came to America. Ops.
Ew...i wish I could #smack his #ugly, bad parenting face. Hes such a
you owe me a car wash kid...remember? I will bet you that the Lakers will be ONE and DONE!! If no bet I'm driving to L.A.
Well, whatever they're called. I'm diggin' em'.
From a Positive Tomorrows student's year-end survey: "Math is very important and if you try you can sussead, however you spell that."
Kelsey. \mm/ It just makes me miss my girlfriends. </3
And I just got 2% extra credit for coming
and ill RT your music links..
I just gained 200 follows by following who has over a massive 120,000 followers. Follow him and remember u can RT 2Gain X2
Jeff, you are very welcome. Glad you enjoyed the post.
Today we're making some change in our magazine website design, so we need your opinion. Should we keep the existing design or change it?
Everything bout skating!
We're giving 10% of enrollment back to students' high schools all week! Register now and give back to your school too!
struggling so hard.
-sends text to evan-
Tale of Ecuador fisherman who found a drug fortune
Happy Anniversary!!!
So number two is gonna be in LA. I think I'll be able to drive by then. If so, and necessary, I'm so gonna drive there.
When I hear folks say things about the Google UX or UI, it's usually from an iPerson. So they can be safely ignored.
Jazz Fest Sip + Swap next week is all about the ladies! Swapping womens clothing, access and shoes. Come with old and leave with new!
so clearly the best record label in the world....hard to even come up with the 2nd best. Record Store Day April 21.
in tired of you not responding to my texts! WTF!!
Everything about is too cute... :3
If I'm feeling fancy, a nice Syrah from RT Hey What wine do you like to pair with your burger?
Lmao. thats funny to me every time i hear it. RT : She ratchet!
What's wrong with Humby?
You are welcome. I was hoping you could get some access. May be untrue, but worth a shot.
What are your 4th of July plans? We'll be at Humboldt Park, starting at 5pm! Come party with us!
I hate how people underestimate me because of my size. I may be small but I can't knock you out.
What could be better? Sachal Vasandani and Jon Hendricks at DIzzys Club Tuesday march 27 through Sunday April 1. Don't miss it!
just bought that new kanye album i support good music
calm down chitlins. I'll be the one with the sunburns.
Back to business as usual today. Come say hi!
I would love 2 have that "problem".
the last few nights have been Awesome! nite sky has been amazing!!! our beautiful crescent moon & her 2 friends #jupiter & #venus! look up:)
promise of netowrk theory for researchers - to refine, to find points of contact - most fruitful path of collaboration
Or a food dehydrator.
: u got it on ya mind boi? 8 Ball Rollin'
Mall with :)
that's was great
No you don't, it's not 2011 anymore.
Review: NetZero&#39;s free 4G mobile data for Grand Rapids comes with
haha!! xD It kinda sucks...but I'm still happy for them :)
Go Lakers! We got this.
I did hope u did also
I'm looking forward to getting some posters this spring and summer. #iMissTour I consider 3 shows mini-tour #phish &
Thanks Hew. :)
oh yeah? You're a country fan?
If you're at the game and wearing an It's Our Time shirt, tweet us a picture!
Girl, if I had legs and an ass and stomach like yours, I'd never wear clothes. lol
Love is not finding someone to live with, It's finding someone you can't live without.<U+2764>
Doing Bar 1 tonight in the valley w/ my suffering wife, yay! Can't believe I'm leaving the house. Oh, my old bones are a'-whining ;p
yeah should be. Events like that make me sad I don't live in MD anymore. I don't remember players interacting like now
ive never liked someone as much as i like you and i hope things last
haha :) I was told that It might be released in early October.
sold u brah thts the only way i fly
Any time lol
Off the edge as if I am wearing a thong.
we are a
"It hurts the most when someone you know becomes someone you knew"
Consolidating some media to the storage drives before getting ready to do some new workflow tests
Got my #blackjack on at with the future Mrs. Won some $$$, had a lot of laughs. T.T. was in rare form!
Burfict with ward... Oh boy that would be awesome
I KNOW OMG :'D YOU COMING WITH US AGAIN WHALE?
#rambling close to 7000 in a bit over a week. sick vid
Happy to have completed senior high school. Those in gh know what am talking bout
Today at noon with at Town Hall Bring the kids!!
SAD RT : Further Markdowns!!! This is our Final Weekend (up until Monday @ 7pm)... Fixtures + Furniture Must Also Go.
Come together & RT us! The Rings about to be flowing through Miami in professional sports is going to be a revolution!
thank you judy!!!!! I love our office :-) I'd say this is a good start with the office decorating project
You know theses yinzers need that #TRAYB city is running on E
You need to fight for yourself in this life, because no one else is going to do it for you.
It's a fresh beat every day.
do you have What it Was by George Pelecanos?
do I know you lol
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list.
To get More of God... We must get the Max out of ourselves!!!
John James is going on a retreat, Saturday is his last day for a while. Stop in and toast his travels.
Goddamn I just wanna spin tracks right now.
woooohoooo! We should throw a party!!
If you still don't have plans for the #weekend take a look @ www.fromspainmagazine.com the best #interiordesign from
is that your baby?
Becoming addicted to #NBCSportsNetwork Hockey coverage...
DC: Green team, we are going to need your support when you candidate gets crushed next week. Don't take it personal, it's politics!
picked up a script I was writing a little while ago because it was frustrating me, but now I have a fresh outlook on it!
If you were sleeping how do you know he was staring at you?
Ryan McDonagh finished 6 minutes & change short of a Full HOUR of playing time tonight for the #NYRangers. Absolute beast.
": I like study for my Intellectual Property exam because carrying around a book with.... " Girl, u r in law school. U R SMART!
So...I'm like really bored and it's like 3am
Yeah, they are all in Tampa. The Tampa #WPDev community is excellent.
what up. I'm off Sunday if u wana record. Let me know
Who's ready for the Monday night jam session It's gonna be great! 626 S. Spring St.
Judgements prevent us from seeing the good that lies beyond appearances.-Wayne Dyer
Fireworks? What did you expect the IDF to use? waterpistols? What would happen if you messed with the Russian army or Egypt??
Sitting on the porch making cheese jokes with
Jamey Aebersold Workshop starts in 20 minutes at The Jazz Kitchen. Grab you Axe, we'll be jamming til 1:30
What's a really good #fitness magazine who's #tips actually work?
So who is gonna win in the nfl today?
Thanks for asking about our ramen specials. We have had several different ramens on our rotating specials for a year or so.
Thank you darling Gloss!
On tomorrow's patCAST, Brian Beise from the band reads their first piece of hate mail!
Singing Dream The Impossible Dream at Juice Plus conference!
XD I feel so special
If those around you are faithful to GOD then they will be faithful to you!
Hot Chocolate :)
lol :o why?
"...when all the money goes to the top, all the polical power goes to the top" -Robert Reichs at
Some girls aren't impressed with these fanatics.
Uwm sce languages classes going on as planned tonight.
Nice article about Mormanism in
cassidy i asked my mom .....ok ill ask im gona hang up call u later
Happy Birthday D.L. Hughley!!
Draft night...it's like Christmas in April.
It looks like Geoff Downes stole Captain Kangaroo's jacket.
Omg :o Hannah K. drives?! Since when?!?!
Lol oh goodness.
They don't love me. They just need me when they have nobody.
Oh yuck. DOn't eat anything with peanut butter on it before you brush your teeth.
thx for the kind words:)
“: WOW! Great tune! Congrats on the debut! I think I shall spread the word!” Thank Ya!!!
YOU JUST AIN'T GONNA LET THIS DIE R U? #DRAIMANLOVESITLOUD AND YOU'RE JUST #ANNOYINGASFUCK. THE END.
We will never forget those who died 10 yrs ago today and the many who have risked their lives since to keep us safe. God Bless the USA!
I'm too shy and have too much stage fright to do anything for :(
We all know this team will be great next season,Lets hope Pack fixes the D.
Oh my God just let me go already.
Clement Hodgkinson is today's beard. Never heard of him? Check it out... Greatbeardsofhistory.com
You're not gonna find any place with better #HappyHour #specials than #Fridays! Choose from $5 LITs, $2 domestic drafts and MORE!
Everyone wants a reason to celebrate. What about "sink-hole de Mayo" in honor of the #sink-hole in
I needed those extra 30 minutes of sleep.
TRYNA FRONT ON MY SWAG.....KNOCK IT OFF!!
Gov. Brown reported yesterday: he has collected enuff signatures 2 qualify his tax initiative 4 Nov ballot
Show that you "Like" us on Facebook and we'll give you $5 off any product purchase of $30 or more through 12/10. Certain restrictions apply.
Always be humble and gentle. Be patient with each other, making allowance for each other’s faults because of your love. - Ephesians 4:2 NLT
Getting ready for my talk about ICT-enabled city government field operations during extreme events at
Shout out to the most beautiful woman ever.
That feeling when you see a sneak peek from a shoot #magic I'm so thankful for my life!
Just want to wish our good friend a Happy Birthday thanks for a the love you show us :)
Sounds great David! plz email ur contact info and update. Thx.
you'll be the prince & i'll be the princess; its a love story baby just say yes <3 *
all I wanted for Christmas was a follow from u :-(
#ShoutOutToo she's pretty follow her.
Mega lame.
Thank you very much!! Ha! I figured the punch was a nice button to close with! Go big!
very nice. I saw dash Berlin at vision here and it was nasty.
LIVE RADAR detecting A LOT of lightning strikes w/ t-storms. Be careful if you are headed to work in the next few hours.
it's back again, to the original lmfao:P nope -.- just in bed bored, what bout youu?x
No matter how much a woman/women love you--your heart will only love Paula. She wants you to be happy. You have to love her
HAPPY FRIDAY everyone!
RT : TODAY Hue-man presents AT THE SCHOMBURG in Harlem, NYC RANDALL ROBINSON INTERVIEWED BY CHERYL WILLS OF NY1 MAKEDA
*rewinding #Conan*
Yah, Yelp!! Thanks for mentioning the Ballston A&C Market in your newsletter this morning. We're "On the Radar!"
so when you came to Dallas I gave you a dollar bill with my twitter, on it... but you never followed me. :(
Every month should be "Be Kind to Food Severs" month. Please and thank you never go out of style.
Insanity day 17 at the gym for round dos rockin it with my kick ass earphones i bought for 1.89$
Best rapper of all times >>
Wish I had more to post about than my health problems right now.
channel GO at 7:30 pm :) .x
Not feeling that bathroom rug shes wearing
thats going on my business card
With 22 current permanent & touring productions worldwide,today's birthday boy billionaire--Guy Laliberte,Canada's king of the circus world
From www.CapitolPropertyInvestments.info Have A Most Divine Day! <(;-) ~
Just had my first #Google #Hangout experience with for my tech class at #SPU. Pretty sweet.
Lists are collections of Twitter users that you can follow all at once, instead of one by one
Blog importer now fully working with all versions of Atom and RSS.
I know
South Park Slope jumping the shark! RT Tim Mays and I providing happy hour soundtrack at the Whistle Stop today 5-8pm.
#bff folks, we need to plan a get-together!!! for reals.
I want this so bad!
We were nominated by the show Maxima Distorzion for an award!!! We'[re going to be on MTV 3!!
I know I've said it before but all of our fans make everything worth while! You all are the bees knees!
Why I love following : They remind me of the #JesseOwens special I wanted to watch!
when is the next event?
My 2011 streak of avoiding "Wonderful Christmastime" was just broken -- and Rahsaan Patterson's cover is even worse than Macca's original.
Fitch Affirms Nuevo Banco Comercial&#39;s (Uruguay) Ratings; Outlook to Positive
>yeah, an adequate stimulus wd hv us doing well by now...FDR created jobs tht benefit us to this day, investors hoard $
We've got a brand new #menu! What better way to try out some new dishes than by starting with half-off select #appetizers from 4-7pm??
I HATE that bitch Ruby!!!!
Just when we thought we wouldnt have morning practice we were proved wrong yet again. I dont even remember the last was i got up before 7:15
A kid just came to my door and said: "25 or 30 years ago...there were these people called paperboys." 15 year olds can't sell nostalgia.
Too funny...I call them "fun suckers!" I prefer to be a "funjector" myself. Gdluck!
Long days long nights and you just can't sleep...know what u mean Alicia Keyes
That is a very good idea!
There are two kinds of light - the glow that illuminates, and the glare that obscures.
yes, that was exactly the message! Thnx.
do people call you Brooke,and what's your last name?
on every jukebox in NY tonight! And good. This is what getting in a van can prevail. Midwest-ish Pride
RT : Annual budgets for state transfer student info portals are from $20K to $1M. Few assess institutional fees.
also, the warning system FAILED, that's like having the gas indicator light go on with 1 mile left before you run out
Made it to the grocery store AND put away the groceries before collapsing back on the couch.
Darron Thomas at Browns camp? must have missed that
Dex: Hell hath no fury like me when I step on a lego. Me: Yeah, no Sh!t !!
Adam Foote visited my school today. It was so cool. He was so down to Earth and not how i expected him to be.
Roll tigers!
Don't tell but I had dessert at Pele's lunch today. Zeppole (like donut holes only better) with awesome sauces.
very disappointed in last nite's results. i look at it this way...its just sooner u get to start ur own record. keep rockin! x.
I think it's a pride issue. I've decided to get over my pride and look for the great ideas from others.
Pickle tits!!!!
So guys! It's my amazing friend ('s) birthday today! Make sure you tweet her!!:)
Congratulations !! Cover of Sports Illustrated.. of course!!!!!! I voted for you, You Rock, and You ROCKED it in San Fran!!
it's about how you feel anyway. The scale just reflects a number.
I wanna fuck all my Ex's, but I don't want anything else to do wit em though.
Seeing Eric Church tonight<3333333333
me too! I will right now!(: is it the same #?(:
Thinks its funny how kids think they are being quiet/getting away with things after bedtime.
Happy Birthday!!!!!!
cant wait to play "How To Love" with tomorrow!!!
Josh Hamilton 4 HR's in 1 game. Wow!
I wish things could just work out :/
I'm sick of all this snow shit can't wait till spring.GO TO GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
Now I'm singing "Fly Me to the Moon." I mean, a man can dream can't he?
it says not found :( is she with you? GO FIND AN OUTLET
never mind
Apple Sisters tonight at Elephant Lab!
sounds good. I will need to buy all of these ingredients tonight.
don't tell him about
thanks again to everyone that aided the process! especially you guys rock!
I think that stat is the perfect way to sum 'Melo up
We're working on steps of service training and menu knowledge. This is a great staff!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 44
We consider it our mission to become a superior informational resource for even the most discerning user
that is SO AWESOME!!! still up for K/J-drama fest Sunday?
P.R.E.=PUSSY RUNS EVERYTHING
thanks for the follow... got you on the follow back.. love those numbers.. lol i respect your hustle.
RT : Getting excited about being a twitter moderator w for the LJ Tech Summit: hashtag = #LJtechsmt join us...
GLD looks good for an uptrend, TIF could get really ugly, LNKD back to the 65 area soon, SPY might break the weekly 200 MA could see 105.
yea really :) you're beautiful!!! Seriously :) you have really pretty eyes, a great smile :)
The early bird catches the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese.
I'm going to OCCUPY WALL STREET tomorrow morning' WHO WANTS TO JOIN ME??? Let's meet for breakfast first :) <3
change account again? :o
Can't think. Too freaked out by your avatar.
#twittertools Twitoria: How many friends are you really following? Twitoria finds your friends that haven’t tweeted in a long time so you ca
Kalevala Leetaru talking about difficulty of capturing frequently updated websites.
I'm handicapped and I know it!
beats on the way Chef
If you want me, show me. If you need me, tell me. If you have me, love me. If I'm worth it, fight for me
these TTs are boring. let's trend something new. please
Thanks - just looking at your product - thats for realz? I was just introduced to b12 complex & it totally helps w/ hangovers
I leave on august 6. Four weeks baby! Let's get it going!
Ah yes - Pasadena! So pretty there. One of my favorite LA places.
Obama's message today: "drill baby drill" isn't going to fix a thing. We need to invest in new sustainable energy.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!98
#oomf always knows how to make me angry
« When you delete people out your phone , A day later is when they always decide to hit you up .»
Miss Loretttta I'm ready for the rest of my tour... Hahahaha Killed it in
is the absolute best! Love the old school vs new school magic game/ weekend idea!
Avon is pretty boring so far. Missing the greatest neighbor Come home!
dam capo came at you
Another great day on the kitchen! Curry chicken salad with cashews and cranberry raisins!
Culver City Art Walk this weekend! Stop by 2673 S. La Cienega (look for the FLESH neon sign and Dream of Power Half Court).
dm me back :)
If you're in my country flaunting a flag from else where, go live in that country haters!
Not gonna lie - still a little satisfying watching the Steelers ALMOST lose to Curtis Painter.
If You LOVE Her, You Should Put Her FIRSt !
Headed back to work. The two day vaca is over
Am I the only one who shoves pictures in Ares' and Max's faces and tries to explain to them how adorable they are/were?
Would you have time to meet over coffee? Love to get to know each other. :)
Kick some Red Wings BUT!!!!!!!! #leggo!
Nice way to serve the beer back. Very Sconnie.
Will do. What's with the name change?
/anchors-and-reporters ShelterBox's David Eby was 1st to deliver shelter 2 Haiti;He's back in US to report on aid effort - Interview Opp
ASGFGHJKHSGKSKJSKLA is going to be on the east coast :D will be in the same time zone!!!!!
RT : FInd the Bogus Ad in this month's print issue of Times? Fake ad could be worth $100 cash! Pick it up!...
ha, what is up!
Am I a little bit jealous of and her DiSC colleagues? Why yes. Yes I am.
I can't stop listening to #Boyfriend! it's so god! I love it! this song will get to #1 on iTunes!
if its ok with you, I wanna call you LaTonka Jackson from now on! luv your body keep up ALL the great work!!!!
Q6 What are some low-cost ways I can promote my #smallbiz?
Thank you Zoe, true 18 days! Sign up www.sofiafellini.com
I can't I font have her number. Sorry ;(
Networking today - please don't start a 30 second intro by telling others how bad you are at it - just say it with confidence and practice!
I'll hit u up this week
I'm tearing myself away from that Dakota Fanning Brittney Murphy movie and tuning in
Make a new season of Pawn Stars plz. Love that show.
Lance, that error may be because you don't have a verified payment method on oDesk. Can you check that?
i'm the only one, except for my dead family. amazingly, a large proportion of them are accepting
Thank you for the follow! - Jason
If you love someone, be brave enough to tell them, otherwise, be brave enough to watch them be loved by someone else.
I swear and and are so wonderful and beyond gorgeous they takin over
well, hell, everyone who thinks they're making fair use public performances better brush up on 110, if that's right.
he means well. I think. RT : Dave , atleast you're not this douche>>> RT:: shut up"
Looks like the Packers bought a machine gun to shoot themselves in the foot as much as possible...Pack let the Bears score here?
that's insane I just went 2 a planned parenthood the other day I got my iud removed paid cash.no prob. So which 1 r u referring 2?
#bestlines...of all the guys I'm fuckin right now, you're my favorite <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu attends the weekly cabinet meeting in Jerusalem, Sunday, Aug.
oh you sweet thing, LOL
lol no. Is your campus using that?
blog talk radio.
MPLP doesn't mean you can't focus on robust description for access. Even unprocessed collections can get a finding aid
400 fans! Thanks SO much, everyone!! I'm going on vacation next week, but when I return, I'll do a little promotion. Stay tuned! Cheers!!
I feel for you! Good luck tonight! too bad we can't just give them a magic sleeping pill and knock them out! ha! :)
your not alone cuz
I appreciate everyone that follow... Thanks to everyone that sent me Birthday wishes... God Bless!!!!
Sometimes you just need to break out the interrobang: <U+203D>
#furchat great topic , i'll be there!
#boyfriend video! Whhaadduupp?!
yikes! Glad you're okay.
not sure but sounds fun anyways hahah
peace is a goal THT i want to accomplish. its became my main objective. its the thing i desire more then power.
#uglynames george zimmerman
Perhaps the third time will be the charm.
right now, Irene is whipping through Virginia, around Norfolk. I am on Long Island and already getting rain!
YLD Save Now: 50% Off Customized framing solutions for your print, master, or anything in between www.yourluckydeals.com
another day another tear another month another year Another winter fall spring and summer too but there will never be another you </3
thanks for the thought.
will u ever follow me
#LAMHarvard THickerson: Role of libraries in preserving research data? Must be an archival approach to authenticity, versioning, integrity.
Yes you do, this stuff only happens in
O fun! Be glad you are missing the snowstorm here! So cold.
YUP. “: Stupid conversations make sense when you are talking to someone special.”
Why thank you! I'm excited.
Praying for my little man, they just took him back for more oral surgery 2nd time in less than a year.
Yes I have heard that, now if I could get my team to stop bringing in the big tub of non-dark chocolate to the office.
Obama will most likely be the first and last black president bc he is really just a bunch of talk like the rest this govt really sucks
piracy is right if you're doing right, right?
That's too bad. It would have been a great addition. RT The Lower Greenville bowling alley got denied 6-5.
RT hell yeah to this!": “: I just wanna get high and eat taco bell.” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>"
some great brisket in the newsroom provided by
sometimes getting there is more fun than the actual destination. Don't Sandusky this up with talk of vacation days
Who got hustled by Capital One for a credit card the moment they landed on campus? Why are they so interested in college students?
Yes, I still love the Pet Shop Boys.
"WARNING: Dates in Calendar are closer than they appear." ~ Author Unknown... LIVE now. LOVE now. LAUGH a lot. Seize YOUR day. Go Giants!!!
"hay harry , i love you , will you marry me ?"
The worst gift is a fruitcake. There is only one fruitcake in the entire world, and people keep sending it to each other. ~ Johnny Carson
We wonder if you might be interested in reviewing BUZZ, a contemporary novel. The book is in several national competitions.
they closed at 10
There were two blue s at the car wash in my office bldg. One was mine. Was the other one yours?
new restaurant suggestions would be elev 5900 where falcon was and casa mariachi for Mexican by murdochs
Regis Philbin is the such a class act! I feel blessed to have a met him and watched him work. End of an era!
Looking for a cheap #laptop ? We have one on sale right now! www.dealshow.com
:) RT : Everyone get your booties down to &amp; see my girl funk it up!
Bloody Marys and Netflix until #SpringJam :)
yeah and the clients
“: I soon as u posted that i heard it in dman's mix lmaoo RT : Aww Shit. The Dominicans are in the building..”??
11PM: Ben Webster+Jeff Hamilton+James Brown (B-day)+Art Blakey+John Lewis (B-day)+me. Jazz88 FM
Not sure yet, but I will let you know when I try!
It's definitely been surreal scoping the news about yesterday's events in NYC- I look understandably furious in some of the footage.
My boss congratulations success by busting a rhyme. I am going to play latest rhyme on speaker.
Being strangers, then friends, then more than friends, and being strangers again.
Just being social today! Lol
seriously tho...no clue who or y we follow u. U play in #sassc? Hope this isn't adult content related. We a family show! :-)
Got confirmation I'm on the right track... I may be a work in progress but my God is still showing me favor!
is bowling.
Fire alarm issue in Swiss Re corporate headquarters is keeping me stuck on the bus and from going to work. #monday -__-
Is it weird that I have your twitter name memorized? aha.
Accepting nominees for 100 Native women who changed their world. Historical or contemporary Contact:
Knicks have to show they're ready to be a contender in the East with a good showing today in Boston
I look around and all I see, is your happiness embracing me.
I just twitter creeped on you and found out you've tweeted 29 times in the last 24 hours! Cool it with the caffeine bro!
This our night, the look in my armpit says we can go all the way.
I'm starting to feel more and more like an HIV testing counselor. I just gotta set up my county appt for certification.
.....excuse you
I guess I'm lucky I have so many people to defend my name. But, I'm just trying my best not to just crack.
Here we go…ahh :/
OH Wow. so u have been pretty much working day and night as of late it sounds
This is the sexiest picture you've ever posted
RT WATCH THE KONY 2012 & PASS IT ON TO EVERYONE!!
and hello :)
fuck you white
Got my nails done yay!
yup. so did brad stevens. this really sucks
What you don't want to hear from the people staying in the hotel room right below yours: "I've been drunk for three days!"
serious question, were u a heat fan prior to 2011?
Helicopter! Nobody better try flying in here!
Rain or Shine, gym time is gym time!!!!!
Singing "O Holy Night" in spring-like temperatures is a little strange.
is an outstading African-American. I will nominate him.
hey austin <3333 can u plzzzzzzzz folo me it would make my day =D
tato RT “: yo slide thru my crib when u go home cause im not at school anymore THANKS”
Okay y'all, I'm looking for someone who went to prom back in the late 80's who has a kid going this year. Time for a trip down memory lane!
Got a new scarf from Germany! :).
": I sent my ballot in supporting Bro. in his candidacy for GP. #AsstDistrictDirectorApproved"~Thank you! 06!
Long werk day ahead; this bum fluff makes me feel like I'm in the wilderness
WHERES MY DAD WHEN WE NEED HIM THE MOST!!!!!! :(
- Wish I could be there.
OSU played ineligible players for 13 football games this year, I would love about 25 min of Enes tonight!!!
Warren, remember him with us at Zanzibar and he wouldn't end til 3-330am and it was still packed waiting for Chuck Brown.
is on tomorrow from 1-2PM. We'll ask about his new TV project and anything else you want to know.
!!! : Alot of hoes still mad I'm doing better..... Its Okay, Blame God.... He chose this life for me, all I did was pray for it!
well maybe you were doing something wrong? Lol
A website is an excellent medium to expand the business and take it to a completely new height.
Chancellor Nordenberg is testifying in Harrisburgh regarding the budget right now.
Bout to get these dreads twisted and braided...so shawty show me how that neck feel and then how the rest feel...
I'm proud to be part of the top stories pack
So awesome all around! Let me connect you to who puts all this business magic together!
i already did (:
The Gooch!!! Go Sharks!
Old actions, new regrets. Funny how things change.
ADDICTED TO TRIGGA! !!!!
enjoy!! =0 and hey I love the way you sing "Dance With My Father" That's one of my favorite song =)
goodnight gabs!
That made me spit out my wine - you SO funny. Nohomo
Frolik & Morrison scored the only goals tonight. That explains everything + Leddy & Crawford humiliating themselves in OT.
Headed off for a newborn shoot with baby Iris, beautiful day for shooting!
Senate just gave preliminary OK to flush tax increase.
The number 1 reason college guys become cheerleaders sounds like "stunt", only with a slightly different spelling.
wtf is 856 ? I don't have that #
Pink v-neck in Miami > suit and tie in Santiago. See you Friday morning. Nice hat by the way.
Yes! Thanks for the RT :)
Looking for a cheap, airsoft scope, mildot, red/green illuminated, 4x32 or 3-9x32.? :) dean
#yourethereason I woke up this morning.
I think they should make dress shirts out of tech-tee material.
As you wish.
Missing someone + No texts from them = Worst feeling.
did I miss the trivia?
Never mind. Think I misread the motivational one.
This new Twitter interface is brutal. Me no like.
Energy, invincible determination with the right motive, are the levers that move the world
always haters out there! Good game tonight....fear the young buck!!!
I Am Thankful For All The Bullshit !!!
Thank you !!
at The Shop on Main. Gonna be there a while?
Ha Perfect!
Game 7 of #WorldSeries is just minutes away! -- What is your prediction: #Rangers OR #Cardinals? And who wins the MVP? Enjoy the game!
That's cool! :D
There is an adult have a screaming contest with a baby on the #LIRR. Totally appropriate.
oh yes <333333
I'm glad she found her a friend maybe she will leave me alone! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
A green automotive shop? We're working on it, can't wait to share the details. . .
These people on Snapped is straight CRAY! They divorce their spouse and kill em' too! Just walk away... move on...
next year, WILL be at KCA. we just gotta believe
But they'll be coming back? I heart one in particular.
My cat no longer trusts me.
Knock ' em dead, Anthony.
Mr. President... Was that a monkey joke? because it works either way...just sayin..
Alarm clocks. Cus every morning should start with a nice heart attack.
I DM'd you, did you get it?
They gotta have something to do while Yo is on the mound, right?
Once testing is complete, I'll do SEO and then publish the site. May need a tad bit of help with SEO.
that is beautiful!
Running up the stairs in fear because you feel an evil presence behind you.
Happy Friday.
#MarcJacobs is in a sheer dress and pilgrim shoes and we're barely even shocked.
Despite All Of This BS I Want To Get Wasted This Weekend
we've had to be very intentional about program design given our student body.
When I die... my people are gonna have fun going through my texts and snail mail... lol so much gossip
elliot from blessthefall.. i saw somewhere old pics of him with like black hair lol
Good times last night with a sendoff to 's single lady status. Today I think I will rest. :)
Finished the essays, church this morning, then a midterm & yardwork. Looking forward to the on 9/7 and 9/8
all you need is a GWAR sighting...
yea all it was just poor Internet connection...
Quick stop in downtown Cincy for lunch/beer and Opening Day Parade before class.
FV@! all y'all
Picked up Jack Gilbert's Collected Poems today at Caliban. Happy to see it carried at a local bookshop.
BAHAHAH well u can be a sport by sport follower...I allow that here with
Goodmorning World!!! Be Great today...
looks like session on teaching touch isn't much different than his workshop on Monday. At least he is entertaining!
After a night of strange zombie police dreams I've given up and got up, so much for an after work sleep in.
hello to you too:)
Just got done talking geo thermal with a customer! I am a nerd
nah, did when it launched
thanks baby *kisses*
Hanging out with friends and talking about but in a good way I mean and Justin we are huge fans!!!
I Love Judge Napolitano! Thanks for the link!!
Last week of tour...ever?
OH (regarding a co-worker) that's a bottle of air. Lol
Franklin tomorrow
Okay #AMNewsers.. What's going on out there?
Your PhD thesis sounds intriguing!
any news on mays?
Yes, The Killing is fab. The unfolding each week is brilliantly done. Each week is equally compelling as the previous.
excited about trying out Phat spoon in Little Tokyo for dinner tonight ^^
lmao imagine me on that show!
yeah. Because its straight bullshit. I was hurt at first, now I'm just pissed.
You're inspiring. Your dedication & involvement in your projects are super motivating. Keep up the good work.
Listening to some1 preach. so odd we are to walk up 2 people & assume we kno what's best.
My Uncle Gary is a strange, strange man. But my god he is wise as hell. So much knowledge and shit.
then go Tigers!
“: :D MULE DAY 2012” A day to remember!!
A3 Fascinating how someone can be hired by ESPN without being met in person
Scheduled #EMC E20-918 Cloud Architect Expert exam for this Friday. Hope I have enough time to study.
Post-instruction reflection is so important and so easy to skip.
My math teacher cant say shit about how listening to music while in class wont help u because i finish my homework everyday in class so Ha!
": “Avoiding a fight is a mark of honor; only fools insist on quarreling." Prov.20:3"
And THANK YOU for spelling Destery's name correctly! Haha everyone spells it wrong
I remember years ago, someone told me I should take caution when it comes to love,,, I Did </3
#ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf the words Swag and YOLO!
Thank you for all you did for the band Mr Jerry Chambers - Rest in peace my friend......
just want you to know we have a full band again and are ready to work with you in anyway. any show promo/ reviews would help a ton.
“ Learn to keep your private life private.”
what's the debate about
: what's up yo hope you is good miss yo NO HOMO DUDES
what porno on your twitter maybe lol
Ha, it must be REALLY late now! Whatever you do, dont buy anything that has a screaming informercial host!
thanks for clearing that up. I feel much younger now
I should buy a dump truck.
Love driving with the windows down on nights out like tonight!
no offense to the other team members but why are you so built compared to them??? Haha love you guys
Life has a funny way of proving you wrong whenever you think you finally understand it.
I'm so tired of being judged :(
"The Scream" sold for more last night than the combined total for *all* the Sotheby's and Christie's book auctions in 2011
Omg he looks like T mills :o
Streaming at the stadium to hear songs from all of the acts playing at #BuzzBeachBall2012 this year!
I see one every day on my way to school -.-
5 to 10,000 a month jobs available in the field of entertainment P IMAGE P DON MEGA PRODUCTIONS WE NEED U NOW!!!
Love is a symbol of eternity. It wipes out all sense of time, destroying all memory of a beginning and all fear of an end.
Our "Own" wisdom isn't enough to make it in this life. We need the Holy Spirit 2 guide us into ALL truth.
We're done in the studio. Now what should we do?
The weather in Boston is absolutely gorgeous...ALMOST makes it worthwhile enduring 3-4 months of arse-biting cold the rest of the year
Self harming is bad kids, don't do it.
RT : Q1. Whats in your makeup bag this spring?
If you are coming to #wawomenwant tonight at Wing Luke Museum - parking is available for special event rate of $2 at 900 South King St.
Is Weezer on the approved playlist?
Home after 2 more days of driving.. sick, though. Ugh.
Mike finished his leg at 6:13 pace in Wales. We are now 5 minutes ahead of schedule. Average team pace at 6:56. Awesome !
Attn...."inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle" is now available on itunes!!! #SUPPORT #GO GET IT
Methinks its just spilt flour... But you never know...
"Focus focus focus focusing"
Maryland Film Festival kicks off with pleasure and pain
ps my cousin almost convinced me to stay in Alabama with my pops and work at mcdonalds. I was thisclose to doing it.
+friendship, messages with big words that I have to look up, music, "shadow collaborators", tea and now sleep.
Why are they sad and glad and bad? I do not know, probably neurochemistry; fetch the MRI!
wow I read for 2 hours I guess a lil more womt hurt me :)
Too sexy wen sick
I wish I was as cool as Jackson
Happy first birthday to #GTFish! Good luck w/ tonight's #oyster bonanza!
No it just means if you are 20 under its a $15 dollar charge... Its all ages. 21+ just gets a better price.
Let me know when I should get my car keys...
Forbidden Planet or The Day the Earth Stood Still
when it gots hotter, we'll go!
thanks man.. Was it IOBY? The client will be stoked
oh my gawd she's gonna have a BF. what ? She's gonna have a bitch fit!!!!
status update.
Power drop another one
follow me an ill follow back
Getting ready for my gig at the Hilton Universal - 7 to 10pm, come say hi.
Monday Mentions! You guys rock!
exciting times! Happy to hear things are movin and shakin : )
Thanks for the RT!
any thoughts on location?
Yes, unless it's February and the #Packers are winning the SB
Ima Leave Them Legs Shaking And Pussy Throbin
Looking for a Mac application that catalogs everything on my backup hard drives. Anyone have any they would recommend?
Yippie!! RT : I will be there. Just remind me excessively next week.
I concur with ya on this 1 !
Me time.needed
Interested in virtual water? Check out examiner.com environmental health in reno
Somebody bring me foods. & a m&m mcflurry from mickeyd's. I'll give you chocolates. (:
I love when people express their opinions on twitter like it matter when really no one gives a shit...including me
Why pay 1.60 to ride the light rail when u can easily just walk the 2.5 miles?
please unblock my personal
Oh yes cause how could I not be jealous of all that.
RT “: Remember when the Saints put up 49 points on your D!!”remember when we won the super bowl
BORED TO DEATH ....
": RT do i know you ? dm your number"no you bout. To
corollary to that- if earth is ever [has ever been] visited by aliens, they would probably have to be immortal vampire zombies.
Behind every successful man is his woman behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman
hell nah lol.
Had so much fun touring on Saturday! Mom loved the East Side; me, the Fixed Gear. And River West. And Cream City...
TONIGHT: Book launch/signing/reading by - The original #Pfister Narrator + #AIR Shelby Keefe farewell
Who would've thought
So holier-than-thou too...how about Brooks' shirt? No one over 40 should be wearing a shirt like that.
The wait is over - new posts up
No #Buzzard beater that time.
THANKS! Cheers! RT : I hope you're drinking the best ie —Great cups of cheer!
When pb doesnt know when to use the heat or the a/c <<<<<
hello! We look forward to having you. What is the name on the reservation?
just fyi, ms honey from matilda is in mad men.
If I gave you my love. I'd tell you what I'd dooo0o0o0o. I'd expect a whole lot of love out of you. Huh.
u a senior and she a freshmen . . . cum on now
Your last tweet was pompous and silly. Our responsibility is to be kind and sensitive, not to respect arbitrary borders.
I've officially been "Kiddered". I'm not an old fucking swinger, I'm apparently a "fucking pussy". Something I really enjoy doing, BTW.
Any more study breaks at the library (or elsewhere)?
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. – Dwight Eisenhower
RT : Do you like #Spooning? Then check out our new project , a great new geolocation based social networking site...
#AllIWant is 'HER'...
#followsunday Follow our friend She's totally awesome.
Find good helpful advice on getting organized and rid of clutter,confusion and crankiness for good. see post www.giggling.blogdog.com
One thing I haven't resumed since the crisis is getgluing and listing the stuff I'm watching. Still hard to get back into that. I dunno why.
Is my deck super tidy or my yard clear of weeds? No. Am I enjoying it anyway? You bet.
Want 2 new tats today
Don<U+FFFD>t play hard to get, instead play hard to forget
Just realizing I have always sucked at Boolean logic and probably always will.
lol. Or u ain't mature "physically" wen that happened u noticed attention and felt like u was fine. Lol
Braves bullpen needs to get their shit together! Come on Johnny!
Tonight was so much fun! Thanks to everyone who put the show on and to all those who came out!!!!! We truly appreciate all your support.<3
oh & sorry - I'd cuddle you back - but don't want to get you sick as well (I hate online viruses! lol!)
wait for our weather - it's not here yet
sounds scarier
Superman cartoons before the show? I am in my element.
Red Tails is so revealing. For instance, apparently WWII airmen invented the NFL pregame chant/dance. Who knew?
& are amazingly beautiful wonderful lovely girls. i wish to grow up just like them! <3
#WomensHealth: Strike a pose. Regular yoga practice will lower stress, prevent weight gain, and even boost your energy.
LMAO i thought that meant F-face B-book G-gina M-marie
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle (1859 - 1930)
Girls just want a man who say's I love you every night and proves it every day.
“: atlas sound was so much fun last night. closed with a 30+ minute jam on neil young's 'tonight's the night'” SO FUN
Hello everyone! What's up?.
Great work #Unifi Showstoppers team! We love reading the coverage in rainy Seattle.
thank you very much. It's pure joy.
It kindaa bugs me but, whatever though \(-.-)/
You are most welcome.
“: Blake: One out of every seven Americans has at least 10 credit cards. -PressTV”
eh. I gave up.
I got the looks & body, just need to practice my drumming skills! That what you mean? Drumming doesn't come as natural!
but then I would have to leave you <3
It's so much fun! You should def get on it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
RT : Starting at 5PM, tix to the 1st 100 people for Flacco autograph will be sold for $25. All proceeds go to !
This would really add a personal touch to a wedding. If I was getting married, I would definitely get one.
“ We're gonna have to work at this every day, but I want to do that because I want you.””
Drop everything now' meet me in tha pourin rain kiss me on tha side walk take away tha pain ' cause i see sparks fly when i see u smile<3
For his transgression he is to be condemned. Tich Naht Hahn(Chaz) "A man in his own estimation who considers hiself a good father, may
Thx for S/O RT : Dude, my man. That is a awesome video.
Amazed by the #Canucks fans who thought the Torres hit was clean...
Brief fireworks at Perrish Cox trial. Defense asks for mistrial based upon words of Demaryius Thomas. judge says no. Crisis averted
I tune into SNL at the end just so I don't miss the beginning of "In Wine Country"
the best show! watching it now!
I would LOVE a follow!(;
Interactive Marketing Manager Job Opening in Singapore.
Just took a look. What is this? They sell these prints?
Just saw the floor plan for the Spectrum Art Show - what a blast - we're sitting near most of our favorite people!
Just what the heck is brain-based learning?!
Terrific news on permanent injunction against #VoterID law. MYC opposed law in March 2011.
Hark! (The Occupy Protestors Sing)
Quote of the day: “All the advice in the world will never help you until you help yourself.” Guess who said this quote!
Well, you called me names too. A Christian.
We are ready! Great rehearsal today! Nashville here we come!!!
Is my child bordering u? Ask me abt
I look forward to seeing you again, Eva!
As much as going back is a bummer, I'm sure you and your family are looking forward to the "for good" part. Enjoy your vacation!
The Standard Pour has a shot infused with
thanks man! i'm lucky things have been working out well so far. next step is to start making money so i can keep this up...
Hope I make it through this day
Most emotional #survivor scene ever.
I will always be an #ebenator. You're an amazing singer & you can't give up now. You don't need Idol to go big. Love you!
Good to hear. I've got video equipment for you.
lol I love you two
How are you?
been kuu.. i was bouta hit u up the other day man.. then i forgot smh
please follow me
Seems someone hacked into my account. Everyone who sent a message please check your accounts and reset pws!
SAY YOU WANT ME TO GO, AND IT'S THE #1YEARICONIVERSARY, AND IT'S MORE IMPORTANT THAN HAWAII.
Does this group lie like and do?
hanging out with my friends!
You are just a very worldly kind of guy! Miss you stranger!
So whens this storm gonna hit?!?! Just chillin in my room waiting...
where is my mind c:
The savory goat cheese and apple muffin is incredible
Something wrong with my neck! =( it hurt so bad!.
just woke up and people in america are up before me....oops.
its so early, i don't wanna wake up. we're so luckyy 'cause we never grow up....
Merry Christmas everyone & sincere thanks for another great year!!!
time heals everything.
just drama... Family drama as always
next time?
cool hats tour 2012
:) thanks for the shout!
- where could I find more info about the "Hung Out To Dry" movement?
The President currently speaking with Gov. walker and Mayor Barrett. Todd Hicks TodaysTMJ4
Maybe does not believe in growth but in limitation, so is willing 2 limit its customers 2 Rush fans.
#chase #fail #theft : Chase keep making up new fee's without actually delivering value. Can't wait for
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently. ~ Henry Ford
Lord help us all, is driving the 1st leg of the trip home!
Thank you and for the #FF love. :)
I like the pic. She was less than cool to me on twitter when we were playing FSU in 09...she was forcing 'unbiased' bs
You think anyone still believes Brees is still MVP? Rodgers is by far the best
You should be world heavy weight champion.
#morning!! Busy days dont stop coming if you keep yourself busy. Keep moving foward!
Nope completely normal!!!!
Dentwitexaminer has changed user name. It's now DenverPop. I still tweet about Denver Twitter and Pop Culture.
Hey Twitter...time for some rebranding. The wannabe formerly known as TechFratBoy is now Thanks!
I'm so bored at work
Insanely tired. Omg/:
Goodnight, gay boys<3
who's on the panel?
Ears pierced. Check. Dreads. Check.
me either LOL
RT i got dooped into getting up for a 9am "fitness trifecta" which turned out to be just a tour of the resort fuck that.
i have a confession ......... i live in a spaceship and i transform into a human every morning
And the Oscar goes to....Alexander Semin!
Info session about mifflin this year is starting in 15 minutes in 1121 humanities! See you soon!
the one with you in the glasses
North American Defense and the War on Drugs
I call him gay C: convince him to go!:o
Let us help you with your entire image at www.hairinthecity.me We offer free consultations with an appointment.
- We need AT LEAST 15 more volunteers by Fri. Could you give us a tweet-out?
have your summer fun... Don't listen to him lol
Prairie dogging at work is the worst thing possible :/
Taking a bit of a break from social media while traveling has been really pretty nice. Enjoyed Paris and am glad to be back in Rome!
Yes I am but no the girl that plays rikki is Cariba and she does not have a twitter I have checked
(': Sanks, baby <3 You're too cute little sister :*
Its hot inside my house ugh
Whenever I am I represent #Detroit it's music it's people it's pioneering spirit it's Art it's Pain it's Love! I am open to your love to!
Getting ready to go into the last hour of reggae vault... We now feaTure Jah Cure
Already do!(:
What is my hamster doing ?!!!!!!! Bless her <3
Please follow me(; 25
Kudos to the man who came to my elderly mother's defense when she'd been waiting for a gas pump and a young guy whipped in & took her pump.
yeah ill ask my mom tomorrow cuz shes at work but ill tell u what she says tomorrow
The mission @ DreamBikes is not only to provide important job skills to the youth who work there, but also to emphasize self confidence.
Had fun tonight - rehearsal
Why isn't Bobby a pall bearer tho>>>
good night to my buddies out in Oakland. Good work. Sleep wel.
They shouldve never gave u niggas money ! * dave chappelle rick james voice " .
So who's going to the Superbowl???
Think I just heard that Newt busted into song during a speech, singing "Fly Me to the Moon." #everyoneisdoingit Can anyone confirm?
This has been a long but blessed day, back in bama! Can't wait to see the fam tomorrow
Waking up to a message from my best friend from Denmark!
His brother`s not too bad in front of the camera, but I`m not sure that means he will be good, too.
I am.
we should have instruction chats regularly! I'm also taking a class now, can share info
I hope I get my android back today! *crosses fingers*
I can do it any day besides Wednesday, just lmk :)
Ok, we're enjoying Chocolate Cherry Passion dessert wine w/chocolate covered strawberries & ice cream.
I hate the sick feeling I get from laying down all day,
but you make up for it being a real person on twitter
I shall greet all of my clients with the Beast Mode tomorrow...
If I never met u I wouldn't like u If I didn't like u I wouldn't love u If I didn't love u I wouldn't missu But I did I do & I always will
Meh. Sometimes. :p
These are all Amazing! I Love this one the best though!!
Tequila Thursday!! $2 Frozen Margaritas will be perfect after your hard day at work! :)
I am on season 2 of #breakingbad and this could be the greatest tv show ever made. Magnificence!
Fri Salad: Lemon tossed Arugula Stuffed Prosciutto Rolls w/Grilled Flatbread, Shaved Parmesan Cheese, Toasted Pistachios
that is not true...he never said that...he said he's be willing to compare his admin achvmt vs those of four pres
hope you feel better.
we can climb the steeple at church?
Don't call it a comeback. RT : Contact lenses w/AR syncing w/ Foursquare/Facebook/Twitter. I'd like pagers to make a comeback.
yea wat up
A great unexpected detour: The Done Deals at
maybe I'm amazed
Holla! Rima you look STUNNING as always!
Tomorrow is a fresh start for a new quarter and im going to try my hardest <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096>
REALLY went in on dat comment lol ....."talking out u come put him to sleep"...
oh man. He is right though. Terrible eulogy. and gang really know how a proper eulogy is done.
jake!! Follow me please???
how about Kevin Walther? I have 15 mins to grab him if you think he's better than little.
You know what to do! Less sun. More sleep Listening to DR B's advice ... RT Today, my skin would benefit from_.
The green screen is all painted and ready to go...Here's to another successful shoot tomorrow.
60 and sun in #Charlotte! Cornhole, beer, car bombs, then st patty's bar crawl. Loving it!
People throw rocks at things that shine. <3
iphone or blackberry?
"Its the snapshot of a state of mind where 1 mountain has been climbed&theres more in the distance.But for right now, the view is beautiful"
It seem lik she always gotta work on holidays and crap
JESSE YOU ARE "THE VOICE" Im sure someone will appreciate your talent. You will sale way more then whoever wins...regards
Thornton's on fire for the #Spartans, hitting his third in a row. 20-18 now
Pattie sees us as a normal fanbase. Scooter, Jeremy & Justin know that we're a little pervy. But Alfredo knows how we REALLY are.
but they're clearly labeled as such (or should be to comply with the rules).
Nothing beats a great nights rest and a productive day
Ativan party over here
So looking forward to tonight.
now <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A0> and about to get on this <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> status!!!
Singing fingers crossed by handguns like always <3
We are new (to twitter), but just had the #BlogTourNYC bloggers in our showroom!
Hi what do you mean?
So HAPPY for on her Grammy win!!!! Well deserved Laura:) So happy for you!!!
is Kindle's repeated scratch due to his inability or that he's not good on spec teams?
How are you? :D
we don't want to steal each others wind now.
My debit card got rejected at mcdonalds still waiting on to set up my direct deposit
Smh RT : I'm just realizing what an ill ass name "Bone Thugs-N-Harmony" is for a group.
Now, the Giants ARE world champions because that style of football isn't played anywhere else in the world.
#HappyBirthdayMadison Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday, Dear Madison...Happy Birthday to you(: ily <3
What will you stop doing in the next 3-5 years? Most of what's suggested we are already doing or have done.
Buy #Sid a drink and get his dog one too! #Pens 1-0, 15 seconds in.
Harry Reid's (D-NV) Senate has not passed a budget in 1,111 days.
Hey Alex! How was your day?
LOL SHE SAID THANK YOU !!!!!!
Shoutout to #NotreDameWomensBball for tge great game! Bring it home
i mean everything i say and i stand by my friends and others when they need me.
havent been listening to radio due to momma listening to church station and the other day while I was loading up the car the car
Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love - and to put its trust in life
#BruinsStarWars Let him have it. It's not wise to upset a Bruin. But sir, nobody worries about upsetting a droid.
Darius Miller should get last shot. If not Miller, then Lamb. They're our best shooters.
just want to say welcome to #TARHEELNATION!!!!!!!!
#Giants offense looks like do do
I'll have you know I am a phenomenal skier. But I have to decline the invite.
Shout out to Kathy Ransier as MC for Women's Fund Keyholder!
Sounds great! Put me on the team please!
That moment on Icarly when Gibby constantly takes his shirt off
Gonna upload two more icons and then be done for a while!! :] I hope you guys are enjoying them and tweet me if you want a custom one ^_^
Thomas Jones would also win if he was on a roster(although not to LT). Jackson is #1 and Gore is
i really can't wait, planning my day around this. So excited
Historically Food prices only rise when unusual weather takes place… this is not currently the reason.
Hey there Jeanna! Nice to hear from you! I am here in SM world but mostly on G+ (Ido a lot of HangOuts/OnAir work). You?? :)
Hahah oh no and they got me on break with old people!
Grading hell is an "of your own creation" hell, right? Like desk clutter hell & I taught my kid the wheels on the bus hell.
Papa's in the house!!!!!
I'm not supposed to be annoyed right? I don't think that's the way it should go... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
That sounds so good! RT : Traditional hearty tomato meat sauce served over rigatoni...it's the Rigatoni Bolognese!!
Unlocking Wealth: Secret to Market Timing
wuahh idk when to go to D23 whts a good day to go?
Thank you. They have an online program, but I'm hoping to go to campus as much as I can.
OMG DON`T YOU GET IT HE DNT WANT YOU!!!!! ALL HE WANT IS THAT HEAD!!!!! B*TCHS THES DAYZ WILL NEVER LEARN THATS WHY HE NOT CLAIMIN YOU NOW
Had a blast at Stephen Jan's Mongol rally send off. Will edit video tomorrow and go to the Guggenheim.
lmaoo!RT : I hate to see ugly girls make ugly faces... It just makes u look 30x's worse lol
I loved it! I wanted to hear more about the different types of touches since it is similar to work that I have been doing
definitely! New adventures to be had! Thanks!
Watching Poetic Justice. I miss 90s black coming of age movies
Have fun! We're having a #hungergames costume contest on that day!
Practice random acts of whimsey.
TRAFFIC: EB Hwy 14 @ Cleveland Rd (near Cross Plains) - a truck lost a load of metal the size of a storage shed - lane blockage
Very true!
is focused
I got the job!!! I am starting my marketing career!!!
Follow Me Please!? 60
You totally figured me out! I'll try and not be so ostentatious in the future, lol
Yes, but it's a HOT MESS!
You Rock! RT: To those who do love me, I love you back. To those who don't, I hope someone loves you.
To schedule a •EMG •Injections •MRI •CT Scan call us for unsurpassed customer service! 1-800-ODx-5191
hell yeah! And we have to have a midget in the oven:P
195k ish at dinner break. Have a pretty tough table considering the field left.
So fed up with this shit. and both reneging on coverage of Jen's surgery now.
love the (oh)(x can we create something beautiful and DESTROY it? :'3
Damn RG3 thats an ugly suit!
leaving to go to winslow
I won't lie I going to miss my boys in Blue next year
Welcome back!
just so you know theres a big difference between being BI and being a HOE...
Q2 I only tried the medium point but I want to try the calligraphy one
Nationwide- males wanted for adult video work. Nudity involved. Pay is 500 dollars per shoot.
thank you Ms. Laura!!
Ugh, isn't here and all I want to do is cuddle. I need a dog. :-(
we got a badass ova hur
The Hunger Games Was Really Good!!(: Josh Hutcherson Is Cute :D Lmao
I've seen things on TV about Ben & Jerry's. They have a very cool and unique approach to business.
Enjoyed reading your review of
your too complicated... <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
Rockefeller Center is not the same without In fact, it's decidedly worse.
Thanks! We're all about gap years here :)
I am a Tennessee girl so naturally I love Kacie B. but I will not miss her laugh!
What kind of guys falsify their identities to crash an art school admissions event? I'm finding out...
Gonna go back to work for like another million hours. yay. My idea of an awesome weekend!
We are now all caught up on #Community and are bereft. What can we watch now (besides just re-watching episodes of Community)?
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Randy -- just have to figure it all out.
Met a tall, charming, sexy Italian man at #UnionSquare. He gave me his number and two days later my iPhone died. Anyway to retrieve it?
How's by you?
I did! I got to hang out in Hollywood. How about you?
Congrats to all those signing on #NationalSigningDay, but where's the mass media coverage for #JaxYouth that get to college w/o sports?
West Virginia almost called Kanawha (pronounced very much like Canaan).
target practice
Hahahahahaha the church is having the GAs a mother day present so I'm signed up to help with that leaving in a couple mons
LOVE the shoes!!
Happy Friday, don't forget your mom's this mother's day!
enjoy, music can be crucial during a workout
yoga inside the dolphin habitat?! I'm so jealous. Happy new year!
RT Congrats to and on the premiere of #Snap! tonight at 830 on Disney Channel! Who's watching? (me)
Well Colin, we think you're "unreasonably" charming!
Yeah, but not deploying. So you have to open up Xcode, and if can't run in a terminal debugger, gotta use Xcode
I have a final will and testament so I'm allowed to die now! Woot!
Wow. Edgar Winter just won an
just watched your cover of Safe and Sound.... FREAKING AMAZING! <3
Icing my knees and laying on the heating pad... #fallingapart ! <U+E421>
what you know about that cake? :)
Installed Oxygen XML Editor and about to embark on the DIY DRC in a Box beta adventure.
ohh ,well i STILL CANT FIND IT :p
"I wish there were more inflammatory generalizations on Twitter" -no one, ever.
“: We're curious. What's your "protest music"? Tweet us the songs that inspire you to take action!” "Killing in the Name"
On board the Heathrow Express with and missing my new #FOWD friends already. Enjoy the rest of the day!
you are welcome! Hope you are having fun!!
um me!
for an aau tournament for my sister, i did!! On Monday
what's up?
a non resolution game with free players...
United airlines is my least favorite these days.
HS softball: great game at Poynette. Down 4-3 down to last strike Poynette hits solo HR to tie it at 4...we're now headed to 9th
Ending Credits are coming into place. Anyone who donated $15+ .. your name on the big screen! &thank you :-)
President & CEO Chris Artinian will be appearing on Bloomberg TV's "Enterprise" tonight at 9pm and 12am EST, 8pm and 11pm CST.
On Skype for a little while! Come say hey! EROCK2U EROCK
Minor #akla12 emergency: a co-worker librarian forgot to bring her knitting. I will forward any sympathy messages.
The definition of integrity is the state of being whole and complete and honoring one's word as one's self.
New York, NY- need females for photoshoot. No nudity. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
Missed spinning class this morning. Reffing 5 games later should make up for it. #operationpostdivorcebody (OPDB)
They seem to do that every year unless i'm misremembering
Did you know it's all about where you store your weight? What body type are you?
I need a place for 15 ppl to eat in green bay. Thoughts?
Happiest of Tuesdays!
I had a good night last nite ^_^
Dang. I was really hoping Phillip chose I don't wanna miss a thing. I believe he would've done freakin amazing. Just sayin.
Oliver Burrows, host of Christian Economic Perspective, waiting with protesters outside Capitol to talk to Sen. Glenn Grothman.
Good night :D
- get outta here. La La is garbage. Megan is way better.
You can still represent Milwaukee, where ever you are!!!
BRANDON JACOBS now on Twitter OH NO lol
Well Chris Brown is more popular and sells many more CDs
Cousins wedding reception now(: #fam(ily) <U+2665>
Last session of the day, with Drew Smith on "Where Is the Book with My Family in It?"
It really is the worst! I can't wait to get back and see you and celebrate your birthday, def doing that first weekend back!<3
THATS CRAZY......I THINK LEBRON WOULD HAD BEEN BETTER OFF SOMEWHERE....MIAMI IS D-WADE SHOW
YOU SO SCANDALOUS.
Though, it is rather amusing. I'm pretty sure they think I haven't noticed them.
Open Gym Later Today. Bouta Try & Go Hard. Get Back To How I Used To Be On The Court
Our interns' presentations: excellent reflections on tech. & knowledge production. Sad they're leaving us. But they're on to great things!
oh bloody hell stchocolate!!! I DONT GIVE TO CHARITY!! Hahaha
Word of advice- Get over bullshit excuses and learn to take care of thy self!
over protective girlfriends.
Thanks. Life is one big mash-up when it comes down to it.
lol that should be the slogan for all condoms
Wasted #thesave on American Idol - America voted, now deal with it! If I wanted to hear Mariah or Whitney, I'd buy their album - not hers!
i can't study for spanish with all these food blogs to peruse.
See wuh had happen was
I don't mind standing every day, out on your corner in the pouring rain.
You can now follow tweets from my mayoral campaign team at
Lmao Ion Know Why She Does This To Me KNOWING How Far Away She Is!!
Great prax gentlemen! This Fri Feb 3rd at Boomerangs- FREE!!! The Rebirth- not the after...
Hiking on Saturday am in the sunshine!!!!!! Priceless
Thank you! You too love! “: happy mothers day bby”
RT : Daniel Trip on obsolescence: What is the shelf life of a digital publication? Interesting question.
Tons of sewage was dumped in the ocean during the black out down here in San Diego, could be that. Aren't you glad you asked? :)
I need a "special friend!"
Najera defeats Hughes by TKO due to strikes at 1:52 of the 2nd Round.
Sitting behind yoing kids on the ferry. Did you know ghosts are mad of water, souls, and blood?
It's National Teacher Day! Please express your appreciation to teacher who has changed your life or your child's life
It's unclear whether will be live or not this week.
Forget the mistakes of the past and press on to the greater achievements of the future.
Absolutely! What kinds of #edtech engage students effectively?
Thanks for the shoutout, U heard about Blastoff? Its MLM marketing at its finest..
Weather Channel guy at Nags Head has a death wish. Possible Darwin award nominee?
A lot of those compensations lead to serious low back pain, especially for middle aged dudes who sit at a desk
I'm starting my e-book that will change the world. Sharing tips - will share for free - #WantToBeHealthy - I live for coaching - let me help
I hate when busted on power 96 sounds so fake -.-
You would not guess how many "peeps" items i saw today !
Four words you will never hear from Tiquan Underwood: In. Bill. We. Trust! #InBillWeTrust. for Super Bowl MVP
wouldn't cover up the spot in the back tho
I really hate my neighbor's dog. It's woken me up too many times.
So jealous! Have fun today, ladies!
so much for winning road trip.
It's turning out to be one of those days #Stupidityrunningrampant#
First time in a non-Davis Cup event since what, 2007? ;-)
Thanks for making to the unplugged hunters show last night! get well ben!
Took a power nap and now I'm up headed to the airport for council bluffs, ia.
100 days of false hope: People in their hundreds of thousands from all over the world thronged the village hopefully to get healed by...
Looking forward to hearing more about 2013 budget in a few minutes.
that makes me want to even more.
I just hate all my classes this year. I'm around annoying people all day long lolol
makes sense. Harder for me to catch missed episodes until i get back! :)
Technique practice today, got my long jump on!
Did you know? The only food that will never ever spoil is honey!
OSU's defense is doing a pretty solid job, but if the Beavs' offense can't make a play, it's not going to matter.
The cast of Cats would like to thank God and their families for all their support.
RT : Fairview Elementary, in 1 of Denver's poorest neighborhoods, wins The Great Library Giveaway!!!
#FocusMagazine's 20th Issue Cover is REVEALED! #20 includes interviews w/ photographer Martin Schoeller and galleriest Spencer Throckmorton!
details about upcoming #smbsd This will be our 11th breakfast. Hope some of you can make it! www.socialmediabreakfast.com
congrats on the article. You are an awesome researcher!
Patty the Planker planking while her sister sings on American Idol? Season 11, everybody.
go #FOLLOWFRIDAY find new
Calling all #DBoyz and #MoneyMakers, are you ready to go to the next level? If so, Trapstarz, Inc. is here to clean up the mess you've made!
While the rest of the industry is still struggling to catch up to their lead within the touch paradigm… Apple is moving on to voice.
jeri curls. Coming to America. Put your hands together for Randy Watson and Sexual Chocolate.
Reached 500 followers today on Twitter! So fun to connect with interesting people around the country!
ass ass ass ass pussy pussy pussy
*STARES AT JEN* I'm looking at you! I'm also not touching you. *moves hand two inches from Jen's face without touching her*
I told you xD
Grilled Chicken & Spinach Torta!
what's your password?
LOL everybody follow my bro >>>>>>>>
good idea ;) i will start a feud
Im so excited for you and Alex's younow tonight! Cant wait! Its the only thing that gets me through Mondays (: <U+2665> I love you (:
Switching career from broadcast to print journalism. Every TV station has an agenda REFUSE to be a puppet for any news station.
Caring is helping each other. Not "don't do this and you better stop this". And again, my bf will see this. GAHHHHH *angry face*
When are you guys coming to Pittsburgh again?! :)<3
But , how will I let people know how I cried when telling a story?
Some people are just terrible at trying to be funny with their sarcasm.
prettiest eyes ever...i'm all about beautiful eyes and sexy voices
Of course the bag of crap comes during the one time I had to change locations. :-(
#rantoftheday: wtf is with assholes rocking the gigantic umbrellas through the crowded sidewalks of business loop chicago!? These jackasses
Alas, suh, it has been my fate to arrest more ladies than I have guarded.
Go die.
Damn you eonline for using the word "swaggy"!!! Its people like you who fuck up the English language!!!
now I ain't saying she a golddigger but she ain't messing with no broke niggas.
i just heard #FlyUnion new song it"s nice af
You're welcome! We appreciate your business.
Grapevine is just the cutest lil city
Every just want to kill someone you care about
: Why are we so insistent on the stability of “Mom”? Why not Butch "Dads"? We should learn from kids on this matter.
Chilling at house. She feeding me well
nice run, cya back in SD in a few!
I want to be on your list gorgeous :)
who is teaching that?
are you coming to drop off those apps?
Art daily! its a must..
sure send them to
Nosotros back in Santa Fe this Saturday Night! Nosotros Live @ El Farol!! 9pm
when your hungray and your mom says her and her husband are going out and they can bring something. bitch i was here first #stepparents<<<
Ronny Cedeno is with the #Mets. That makes me laugh.
Damn your taking forever!!
sad about BTJunkie, but P2P sites are like grey hairs
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves. — Victor Frankl
Hi-Rez's Tribes: Ascend challenges free-to-play shooter expectations - Gamasutra
and I want TACOS! WHAT THE FUCK!
We may have to temporarily preempt our comedies to carry the Vikings Stadium debate. Talk about hilarious comedy...
Yea u no I need a super freak
RT I love u's// I love u's too booskie!!
He taught me housekeeping; when I divorce I keep the house.
#TEDxBU. Thank you for all the inspiration! So many ideas worth spreading. Now let's roll with the necessary actions worth doing!
In Cleveland, Ohio you need a hunting license to catch mice. #odd facts
I keep meaning to ask someone about that. Any word why?
Great way to start weekend! GO MAVS!!
Setting up meetings all through out town! Amazing venues and teams wanting to host the Greater Miami Chapter's launch event.
After a male bee mates with the queen, his member breaks off and he dies
You know who the most popular guy at the nudist colony breakfast is? The one carrying 2 cups of coffee and a dozen doughnuts.
Another...yawn...SEC battle
#MUCat T. Delsey core elements in RDA have a rationale! (based on mapping of elements in FRBR in context of user tasks)
Hackworth: Union isn't trying to score first and bunker down. Always thinking about scoring next goal. Chances haven't gone their way.
#TeamSMAT Thank you, Erika for your time and donations. We will see you Friday at "In The Eyes of Angels"
Sure thing! Thanks for the kind words!
RT : Where are you!? RT : I see you!.. At west end jonnies!
Who are you to tell me if it's black or white?
Every star represents a reason why I love you...but there is only 1 problem: there are never enough stars to represent them all. (;
Youtube "Deb Spoons Perry"...if that doesn't kill some time, I don't know what will
Blah! Coming back east from #Portland. Think I got some good
I just wish I could live my life like nothing bad ever happened, but I realize that I am who I am because of all the pain I've suffered.
it's been a good night!
Text: VegasMind to 22828 to join my newsletter list.
PickUpLine: Miss, If you've lost your virginity, can I have the box it came in?
Baloo is barking to the backbeat of the song I am currently playing.
Let's see if Foursquare will help me come up with an idea for what do for dinner...
Time now to do some laundry and listen to
A rainy day in Boston is a good day for ping pong.
Honestly the fact Christians don't believe pets can get into heaven is enough for me to not believe in their God anyway.
Gearing up for the new year with great Home-Based Business news and udpates...Merry Christmas to all! Helene www.thehome-office.com
It's hot af, but dnt nobody wanna risk having a high bill, so NO AIR! Betta plug in the fan
I told a guy he had a dry sense of humor. He replied with, "It's arid, actually." What a vaginal lavage delivery system.
Thanks Bill!! Yeah, I'm hear for awhile. Lol
dinner shopping was fun, love my parents <3
looking forward to meeting you as well, Cindy!
Nap town
#lunch specials!! Chix salad sandwich, avocado aioli, bacon, almonds, cheddar, texast toast.
I would probably be passed out the whole time, so basically nothing.
I love La Boulange -- but I agree, they need wifi! They probably don't to keep people from camping out...
. - My unlikely companion albums to Sparkle & Fade: 's Regretfully Yours & Hayden's Everything I Long For.
lay off . How many superbowls have we won without him?
I wore "Play it as it Lays" last wknd
I think so. Someone will probably be making a video too. I will post info here and let you know.
Had lunch at COSTCO. Got a 50" Sony TV, a power washer, 4 DVD's, tube socks, a Turkey sandwhich and a bottle of water!
thanks! and we sure can! RT Checkout They can help you with all of the little details or help plan your entire event
"I showed her what a wilmarie is bitch" - #BGC6REUNION :] Love you bby!
I want just one dream of my life dreams to come true and that dream is to be real close friends in a serious friendship
OKAY WISEASS IF TWITTER IS GOD THEN WHY DID FACEBOOK COME FIRST HUH?
twitter gains seekers since trayvon et.al., more R interested 2find out WTF the deal is. …stacked, &old twtr posts Rgone~2wks
drop me a line will hook up
Does anyone know if the people you are following can see your tweets?
Driving to birmingham
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 42
Heyy hun i'm fine, just back from Miami :D how are youu??<3
It's true... a bit like armchair anthropology :) Ah well, such is the fate of the scholar who dabbles in too much!
cuz we out in the club & we sippin that bub & we not gonna reach that telephone
U Welcome I only Speak Da Truth Get it? LOL!!!
i feel so bad for #japan! so sad.
Reataurant; St. Jack, Portland, Or
sounds fun! I'll be there for sure if I'm around.
it's just real funny u was all team magic now team lebron like I said ship jumper because u was all for team magic that's why
RT : Just because Jesus instructs you to do a thing does not mean that you won't encounter some difficulty doing it! TRUE!!
I can't ever read the words "Hunan Chicken" without my brain automatically replacing the first N with an M.
How can the one person that makes me happy also make me so fucking depressed.
Everyone needs to experience at least once in their lifetime. It's not just old people and babies, it's actually way more.
Thanks for the RT!
I appreciate it mane we gotta chill again soon. When are you finished with school?
I did it a few weeks ago. There was a spot that lit up like a CSI crime scene.
ya if you come to AZ we can hang out. I can show you around :)
Soft call on Greene. His arms didn't go above the Coyote player's (didn't see the #) shoulders.
Time to watch lawn gnomes makeout
I remember u everyday!
no. It was the shorter black guy. He was a picker and he would always take the cardboard boxes of trash to the compacter.
We love Dell!
I need to be entertained!!!!!
Cuban food in
Anybody actually ever watch ' Tuff Turf'?
TODAY: Come to 90 SL @ 12 to hear Dr Fox-Kales talk about media's impact on eating disorders. It's FREE and we will have FOOD!
Kay seriously this day needs to be over .
ah... google analytics Real-Time.. awesome!
Hey Chad! Cranberries are good for urinary health, but if Lily is taking any meds, check with vet...they can mess with some meds
Hello Mitt need to wim .
5 yrs ago, we opened WestCaryGroup! Proud of our history, the people we've had the honor to work with. looking forward to the road ahead.
So sad about the niners.. :( I am well, just hanging in there. The girls are busy with school, and me too.
Officially came down with a sore throat. Pulling all the home remedies that I can think of. T_T
chilly??? You mean FREEZING!
“: when people joke about cutting. eating disorders. or suicide. #itsnotfunny” this.
String by string; too
Dr. Freud would say that pinot noir lovers suffer from pinot envy.
OMG. Helmet cam is making me queasy.
STILL have not heard from my baby! Where is he?
guess who my bus driver was today? .....
Why good morning Joe (read this tomorrow!) and happy training. I can't imagine training in Fla. heat — better you than me.
nice ride lady !!!!!
#iMissYouWhen I sleep. I miss u when Im awake. I miss u all the time. Now what's it gunna take? To go back to the old days and ur old ways?
Semolina breads, pane integrale, select antipasti, and accordian music. No, i'm not kidding.
#WW Thanks for the mention!
“: I AM GREAT CANT COMPLAIN. I SEE U FINALLY FOUND ME ON HERE- WHAT U BEEN UPTO” everything! Grinding!
Itsn't is amazing when that happens?
You actually got me for a second
Local Chinese place called Wing On RT : Q1 #Foodiechats What is your #AllTime Favorite Restaurant to order in from?
Gotta love Brendan Norton of LaSalle Explorers, leads nation with 38 BBs
RT Tweet a pic from your closet with #ClosetRaid for a chance to have come raid YOUR closet! (via )
Was just asked if my leg was OK. Had to explain my habit of stepping only an even number of steps in each sidewalk square.
is so amazing. i cant even stand it.
Come on Louisville, join my CATS in tje sweet sixteen.
“: your welcome. Mad Man has your back.”--NOW THAT'S A WONDERFUL THING!! :-)
I Wonder If I Was Ever In Like A Baby Commercial And My Parents Never Told Me..... e.e
just got back from seeing titanic in 3D and im really tired...
New iOS & OS X versions today. Please don't hesitate to contact us with your concerns, we are ALWAYS here to help!
because mondays are only when the show comes on
adrien brody's facial hair in that gilette commercial looks absolutely ridiculous
twitter+booze= awesome/trouble... if 2011 was a FB fan page, i'd be liking it right now
I'm lookin like a star bitch. When you see me, make a wish.<3
Tomorrow: new date!!!! Don't miss Casting Director Tori Visgilio from ABC Daytime "One Life to Live"
Good luck
I don't really follow basketball...does that make me un-American?
They obviously need you & I on next seasons AmazingRace.
Common sense is so rare it should be considered a super power...
I wouldn't trade Stall & I hope the Pens don't over react, it's just not easy to win a cup and feel this group will again
"There are no facts, only interpretations."- Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900) We'll see you on the mat again tomorrow, yogis.
. I hear you. I think there are a lot of *good* postdocs for Ph.D.s. But they do need mentorship, time to do own research.
Who cares I see him EVERYDAY and screw Twitter. What do you consider a first date?
Speaker Boehner coming over for lunch today...having all the furniture covered in plastic...just in case...
Yes. Going to be awesome!
Been listening to bands since 2 my ears are ringing, and I'm yet to book something solid for a fundraiser.
Missing the family!!!
Movers are coming in today to move the rest of my shit in
Thank you!
All she gotta do is tell me where to kiss it and it's done
Want to support the local music scene in style? Catch the beautiful indie folk harmonies of Dusty Sunshine at the M tomorrow at 8 or 10 pm.
I couldn't see s foot very well
Is that suppose to me you are in Detroit...???
You have one of those, too? Between that and the HR dept. you are a very well-staffed man.
Capricorn Party that sounds like a Go for me
it's the gratitous advertising I find disgusting. Welcome back, btw.
these cards are gorgeous! looking at the luxury economy in the new world and these just made me swoon a bit!
not 100% sure yet, are you?
I would but I can't. #haha!
SO tempted to see them. And they'll be there two nights, too!
we have the best fans ever.
Its the same length as yours lol
Sure thing. J. Crew and Banana aren't sexy names but their polos are solid and affordable. As for Criquet, I'm stoked to get one.
My wife and I just had some Pete's hotdogs. Nothing like some good chili dogs and pierogies the day after a turkey feast.
hm, smehow it has seeped not my hootsuite auto fill... Damn that automation!
1D facebook confirmed theyre adding more dates! lets hope its in Missouri
english teacher decided to ruin our weekend
any telephone pioneers here?
ha no. I'm with ya sista! How much do u love that show?
MUNCHIE EXPRESS will be OPEN tomorrow night (Wednesday) from 7PM-3AM! Give us a call to deliver some munchies.
I'm more fearful of the deer. I know they don't fear me.
No not yet! But I do work for NBC 7/39 which I'm so thankful for! I'm a writer for the evening news & also work in sales/traffic
thank you! I'm a much better person for having you in my life!!!!
God Bless New York, God Bless America
Do you think a security system is essential to your home's security?
The 128th Air Refueling Wing is my office tomorrow. I should probably convince my brain to sleep.
(Darryl Reuben Hall) has received a Rosetta Lenoire Award nomination for Diversity from Actors' Equity Association!
Actually I've heard really good things about it. I'm going to see it soon.
She's silly and always jealous to me . You're disturb my life , and I hate it
1 Thessalonians 3:8 For now we are alive again, if you stand firm in the Lord.
You still suffering from Constipation of the Head and Diarrhea of he Mouth???
You need to host a food show.
A day of conference and then fielding a number of support issues has me worn out. Hope all the #microconf folks enjoy tonight's party!
Follow Me , Also Shout Out To All My Friends
Aww! Did you take him with you?:)
We are in common agreement, as a society, that using your baby's stroller to stop subway doors from closing is frowned upon.
#Nuggets and #Rockies did work tonight good shit #DENVER !!!
Wow, did Anderson just leave before the handshakes?
Girls With Ponytails :)
So ready to go ##
I would have to agree with you, I want it right now...
Grrr my Drupal buddy just alerted me to the fact that my new menu module does not display correctly mobilely (might as well be a word).
Just bought Childish Gambino! Didn't realize Saul Williams has a new album out. Might have to get that too.
I hope we blow the Pacers out by 40 just because Hibbert and Vogel were talking reckless.
Craving a great PB&J sandwich? They're free today 11-2 at the cart in NW Portland.
My dog is such a douche ._______.
Thank you for covering this issue.
because babe! I want anither co-owner! So please use it! :) i trust you lln
let's chat about it!
Cruz incident was the most inexcusable I have seen in all of sport. No way they call it that way if the game is @
ouch, ditty.
don't forget Magic, but just that one time when he was a rookie or something.
Goodnight dolls! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Seeing as how it's already been over two weeks, I guess one more day won't matter. LOL
Ew tf! I wouldn't do that with my brother.
Very cool but I'm waiting for Ferengi Monopoly.
Nothings harder than believing in each other.
#SKYHAWKNATION Congrats to UT Martin softball!!! OVC Champs and & NCAA Tourney bound!
bored you?
Hey librarians: can you send me an example of the coolest thing you have seen someone/a library do around readers' advisory lately? Thx!
how 'bout now?
Glad to participate! :) RT : thanks so much!! Thanks again for taking part..u guys had me cracking up! : )
Tap company rehearsal. Let's get it in ProtoTap!!!
Getting my Saturday started with some Starbuck's coffee and Internet browsing. It's time to start researching scholarships for Tina.
People at school like my hair. Lol, but.i cut it tuesday. and they just noticed. Lol
#kids fresh52 Farmers & Artisan Market: fresh52 Farmers & Artisan Market from Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 8:30 AM to Sunday, May 13, 2012 at...
did Gowalla do something sketchy?
i can't eat raisins. I fear they will sing and dance in my stomach.
thanks so much. And thanks for coming to the show :)
did it not send? :o x
Waiting at the airport. Rochester airport is always empty.
hey La....trying to keep business going with a music camp and some workshops. What's up with you this summer?
Everyone check out Amelia sanders on YouTube
Can you guess what year the College of Music and Fine Arts was founded?
oh, goodie gumdrops, a terrelle pryor AP story, i've missed his name so much
Everybody says that time heals everything. Are we just going to wait it out?
I am at doctor apt with waiting to start Spencers test #loveit!
haha! What a stud facing his own fears
Lol it was funny though
Yes, I made East Asian fusion cuisine. Sorta. Tofu/wakame/mushroom miso soup with red pepper flakes and rice vinegar to "hot & sour" it.
RT Ramen and Pho... yep, I never have to leave H Street ever again.
his twitter is
yeah but you enjoy it TAURUS LOL
dinner, but lunch soon!
Good morning <3.. S/o NF igladly followed back !
Where is ? She is missing from #lbyrpreview Don't tell me she rather be on vacation
The difference between puppy love and the real thing are so obvious
#stm2012 correction 15% of the journals account for 50% of the downloads
Helpful New Year’s Resolutions for new lawyers. Check out my article in the Law Practice Today Webzine from ABA LPM
Tiger LOOKS fit again. The rest/rehab did some good. Swing fitness is the question over 4 days. Can he keep it up? Make some putts now.
Judas, maybe. Treason for sure.
preparing Christmas presents. Merry Christmas to all!
<3 haha i know that song by heart...along with all of the other ones XD
URG I have the same problem with my blackberry :/
Barbecue Fest is going on in Memphis. Sure could go for some of that deliciousness right about now.
Here's to the girls who are always thinking of him.
You're welcome, Melissa...any time.
Thank you for reminding me that God has got it, I knew but it's still nice to be reminded
Heat and Pacers are tied 70-70 going into the 4th Quarter of Game 1 in the East Conference semifinals.
Band practice tonight is preparation for our show in Geneva, OH on Saturday night! It's going to be a blast!
was it about swagbucks cause then I got one too
Looks like I'll be getting a Kindle Touch 3G for Christmas. That should help out the readings and editing time for my novels.
SNOCLOTHING™ - Nothing But the Best!!! www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Distinctive Bridesmaid Dresses-New Fall Collection for 2010 www.shopshop.com/Bridesmaid-Dresses.html
Oh Jesus I've never actually heard Adele speak ... Damn
#itmakesmesmile when acknowledges his fans/friends/family and not just other celebrities. we love you, justin. dont forget.
#whatdreamsaremadeof million little stars spelling out your name.
did your bro play at icantina Saturday?
The world of Twitter, is united.
Watching clash of the titans in english yaay c:
thanks! Love u long time.
Yay! She smiled at me :-)
Meet local author Debra Gauthier, Author of "Bright Lights Dark Places" at the Green Valley Library this Sat, 1/7, from 1pm - 3pm!
Let's go #12thMan lets get a pick six
Ocean City 2mm W. Dani && Tati <U+266C>
Construction worker injured at Syracuse&#39;s Carousel Center when pallets fall
#BELIEVE ah!!! I'll never get tired of saying im supper excited!!!!!
How cool. Hope she is doing well!
Would these Spurs struggle to score on the Pacers?
It's amazing how once you start putting your startup out there (), people go out of their way to help. Thanks!
:Clevelander for road rally
Quite looking forward to seeing & learning some more about #Astros #MiLB'er Jean Carlos Batista & re: ball in the Dominican!
thanks! He likes to plan ahead!
Don't go through Life, Grow through Life. -Eric Butterworth
ireally want some mike and ikes at the moment !
The current location is the Ikea area near the water, in the Redhook section of Brooklyn!
We'll be running some contests over the summer that you might be able to win one. Most are for charitable donations.
Q1) most in m org prefer to learn on their own, formal classes tend to not draw many participants
From what I've read, 4G isn't always 4G anyway - network immature. I'm most worried about Google/Apple sync.
Shawn Secetaro-Dine' educator from Canyoncito rez-- we are the "invisible" people of Bernalillo Co
Can I borrow your time machine then since obviously you had to use it to make me Papa Pat
Don't ever fly American Airlines/American Eagle. That is all.
The Romantics (they sang "What I Like About You") are on stage now. Plain White T's ("Hey There Delilah") to perform next.
Yeah, Google Earth is awesome. I have with it and it is powerful.
c'mon it's easy you look into a mirror and say idk hmm i have hmm brown hair green eyes idk .. you must know
You only need one person to believe in you.. <3
he was thinking their Job is to protect and serve not to tell people to move off a street for no apparent reason.
Yesterday's lesson: Forget referrals. Give something your clients are excited to *share* with their network.
I love my friends. They keep me accountable for making my dreams come true.
Dodgers A 3b Alex Castellanos is hitting .333 w/ 2 triples, 3 doubles for the Isotopes. Send Uribe down let 'em trade places for a bit!
bitch, yew dumb. really dumb.
“: check out ” thanks!
Ah yes. I am an avid and active fan of brouhaha.
If u look @ my songs chronologically u can tell I'm progressively training the listener's ear to hear/process sounds in a different way.
Oracle Unveils Sun ZFS Backup Appliance for Oracle Engineered Systems
The waste of money cures itself, for soon there is no more to waste
Sure!! Come on over to the U.S. !!!
Come out to Tilt tonight!! We've got a big mistake we're making on stage tonight..
Last night. >>>
If you cant beat Us Join Us!!
What happens first? Albert Pujols hits first homer with Angels or Jarrod Uthoff falls completely off the national map?
My family is so torn apart...why cant it just be normal and happy?
Neither rich or poor, but the righteous
go out duh!
Almost 2 years ended in an almost 10 minute phone call. I know it's for the best, but it still freaking sucks.
I feel insanely old at the halfass right now. too much jailbait. run'n around here.
man!!!!!!!! U ROCKED!!!!!!!! that stage tonight. What a GREAT PERFORMANCE
Dating is exciting for both singles. A few suggestions to show them you love them:
I Need A Thug In My Life
Just something Callie and talked about since we always do it anyway. It would work perfect. We both work Thursday night.
"bye Jess, you're a mess" ;)
here's to the next 3000 followers.
As soon as graduation comes, I'm gonna make #NowThatWeGraduated a Trending Topic, for sure. No one jack my idea !
Lmao that was definitely one of the highlights of BIO!
yeah me too! Hope you're doing well!
amazing! Yes!
Just called #LindsayGraham's office - (202) 224-5972 - and so far, he is ALLOWING interest rate to double in July.
...OR culture is so winking + irony-soaked that content funniness is sacrificed.I dunno.You've read Infinite Jest, I haven't.
Stop texting me!!!
RT : Anyone else notice the shot clock graphic on the court of Celtics vs Heat? When did they start doing that? | This season.
sorry I just saw em :(
Watch for a big sale coming on Monday!
Fuck it im starving myself.
GO TO CD BABY,CHECKOUT MY 2 NEW CD'S JUST GO TO MY PROFILE CLICK UNDER MY NAME AND YOUR THERE
am glad they both got away unscathed.How was the snake so lucky to catch you unstrapped?
Don't get too worried. They're little worse than mosquitoes, IMO.
What a great birthday I had .. So blessed.. Cant wait till next weekend though to celebrate again with all the rest of my friends .. <3
starts at 6 right?
what are you doing?
I bet!! My brother is going to school out there (Idaho) next year!! Has Cody been to Idaho yet?
Just saw "3" Tom "Run Lola Run" Tykwer's film. Pretty mind blowing good stuff.
“: Fire Away! // RT : #okstate is our featured school of week. Tweet us YOUR FAVORITE OSU sports moments.” 44-10
With 59% reporting, Wausau Mayor Jim Tipple lengthens his lead over Ed Gale, 68% to 31%
Got my new shop in Bangkok. I'll open it soon :)
Only three more days. May 12. 591 Broad Street, Newark aljirafineartauction.org
80% of Americans across all age groups feel they will get quicker response from a text message than from email, phone call, or voice message
TOMORROW NIGHT Come out to #Club58 5/17/12 #ATaurusCelebration with Music By: & Hosted By:
I cant believe how much that hurt me :(
Glad you received the magazine featuring Looking forward to getting your story in there, too.
Waiting for our Espresso machine to finally be put to use. Hopefully will get the hint...hint...hint...
Went to school at 9, left school at 9.
u jus get ghost without sayin anithing....... i felt some type of way wen i was lookin 4 u nd u was gone.......... sad fae
Celebrating my wonderful mother-in-law's 80th today. I married into a very cool family.
Any woman that would have sex with you, I would not even let in my house. Guess there are still womwn out there for the ugly.
no lol you were just cut
A happy Mother's Day to all of the moms reading this!
Thanks, Sarah--I got the address. I'll ping you when they go in the mail, maybe post a picture first ...
I've heard there is a fake Fox News screen grab of Toulouse going around. Must be that one.
These will be mine someday...someday.
GG?...you can bet he's got multiple anon twitter accounts....this is what narcissists do
*when its time
Getting ready to start the hiring process for Balena....who is coming out on this windy day in Chicago?
The only reality TV shows I'm watching tonight involve the Yankees and Panthers.
Posters in the James Gallery look amazing! Can't wait to hear from you & tonight!
MB kicks ass, that being said, can't wait for his QnA softballs with Blazer brass
Nothing cooler then new music on The ipod and blasting it in your car:D
I see you communicate with everyone else....but me...
like in June!
I wish mike would shut up
haha... And yes, Manchester England, in the UK... Not like Manchester Wisconsin or anything like that!
Tell Ms. Johnson I said happy mothers day
Have you checked out the new photos on www.3651holboro.com
two shows in the state comming up in two weeks ... stay tuned
what's his username?
Back from White Eagle lunch break. Trying to get off the red meat. Pro tip: the Wilbur Burger with garden burger patty subbed is very tasty!
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Haystacks and Chocolate Dipped Pretzels on-site at Acme! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803
Amen...say it again, my brotha
I cld do this most any day but Mon- sounds fun!!!!
is the perfect #speaker for your #conference! Jullien Gordon is all about helping people live doing what they love.
still rockin it out at Bowie Town Ctr ~ even in the rain he got the store jumpin
OH MY SEXY LIAM , HOW CAN I GET YOU TO FOLLOW ME ??? -_-
Meet our staff! RT : RT: : KOBE is BEAST
With Gore in a contract year he could have a career year if he can manage to stay healthy
oh my that soo sad at least it would be a lil happier if they were taking them off lol
Best first date ever. Ill never forget it<3 Thank you
Tonight<U+25CF> Move the Crowd: Hip Hop Affirmations, 6:30pm – 8:30pm @ Devlin 008. Author, Mike Bruny, will explore the power of the spoken word.
happy you've found galazy hut! its a hidden gem in wholefoodsland
yes. Not me me, but to one of my employees the other night haha
My parents live in Neenah. I got to see the #Miron headquarters get built.
Agreed! But I wondered if it's bc I was Tweeting during it? IDK. I've never live-tweeted a fireside before.
no Starz pulled there contract. That's why nothing has updated. Considering blockbuster.
don't wink at me.
The benefits of enhanced communications are limitless
I hope they put me to sleep.
key word: "highly"
Night tweeters <3
Tell me about it. Already at the bus stop.
Cats & Dogs should be fed 2x a day. No free feeding to ensure vitality, enhance the immune system, help them slim down & build better blood
getting my holter monitor tomorrow. #tooyoungtobethissick :/
Everything About You or Stole My Heart :) xx
Dunno. But I would go seeking confirmation from anyone at WNYC who handles loss prevention, rights, distribution, etc.
Fame by David Bowie was co written by John Lennon...he plays guitar and sings on it. What a badass song
Bratwursts. Soaked in beer.
I would like to share a track with you I think you might be interested in this track:...
I can't complain too much. lol
Finally recovering and getting out of bed after last night's final farewell celebration at Enough said.
By my count, Packers won as many playoff games as the Vikings this year.
uh oh
Build confidence & raise self esteem! Like us on Facebook
BFI looking for good ideas to invest in! send message here if you want a form to fill out, or a link. Love to all
Are you going to Sacramento?
Food and toy drive is wrapping up! THANK YOU THANK YOU to all who donated this year!
Thanks for the support! We really appreciate it. Especially coming from such an amazing company. :)
Why do I feel as if I double booked myself??
Yayyyyy to the warm fire in the cabin. At Snoqualmie Summit.
Sweetbabyjesus. I resisted going to the grocery store all day but forced myself. I now see my instinct was right. Fools out en masse
Exactly. Loved the energy though. Eagles are on the rise!
Missed as part of 2 shows? His stand-up from last nite's show will b on TimeWarnerOD soon!
But wasn't there a curse?
found the perfect shoes yesterday, I"m in love! <3
Watching the real housewives of Beverly hills with my momma, & wondering how much botox these women have had. Wow.
just been working a lot so I can get this big screen and so I can go to New York for Thanksgiving how are you doing sweetness?
We can always use some extra hands, if you can make it out before the game
My friend just called me by my Government name.. he serious!! LOL
The shower is always my best think tank
I hate Mississippi.....
We're slackin on the twitter updates. We'll try to get back in the habit
Finally joined twitter
Laker fans need to tell Bynum there's a close out game going on
is there any way to search for events by location (i.e. dc) instead of strolling through all of them? Thanks!
Xylitol is safe for people (and oddly, cats), but is very toxic to dogs.
Manchester city I'm not a fan but I despise Man. U. More so win this match today at Newcastle and hold lead at top of tables.
love it RT : The #gwynethorjoancrawford hashtag is doing right now is brilliant and unsettling.
Hi & Thanks Terri! How've you been lately?
Completed the Game Design Workshop led by Marc LeBlanc (8kindsoffun.com). Thank you, Marc. Thank you, NYU Game Ce…http://(8kindsoffun.com).
They didn't release it:-(. Tried to get them to, was over ruled. If we do one at Remote-Learner, we'll release it.
thinking about going to bed...thinking about watching the tivo'd jon and kate plus 8...what to do, what to do...
I kinda want to write a paper about the rhetoric of Neanderthals now. Summer project?
You truly are a blessing on this earth and a wonderful mother and friend
....yall check me and gucci out b famillia e class ....coming off new album "DallasMostWanted" feat dallas majors!
Another flat tire...seriously...over it.
my number is 316 (for obvious reasons) Merry Christmas Mr.&Mrs. Claus
Sorry I couldnt wish you #CONGRATS earlier but CONGRATS ON 15 MILLION FOLLOWERS! PUMPED FOR TONIGHT! YOU??
I feel like I haven't been on here in forever
Hey Coral :)
Roseanne just tweeted me and called me an asshole!
But seriously, is so beautiful. Like its not okayy
Going into stores and wanting everything.
does Egypt really need moderation? Big change is needed (worldwide, too), but yes, it must be a peaceful & tolerant change
will do!
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything. Napoleon…
such a great concept
Wow I love being ignored by my boyfriend! Not /: thanks
Agreed! love you guys!
Screencasting Part 3 of 4 for an online tutorial.
Mos Def... Love you too babe RT We're building our legacy this is only th begining! I love you baby! Xoxo
Sleeping next to my 3 year old is like wrestling with a ninja.
maybe Just a thought....Rusty is now going to be single, rich and very willing to...make those dreams come true.
Awee, when guys say sweet things about their girl >>>>
when are red hot and boom announcements? :)
My DREAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue <3 iLoveyou! ;D 1
I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you. Don't be mad at me for something you did or didn't do. #retweet that one too
I just listened to super bass no way you know all the lyrics...you're gonna have to prove it NH
Blackler article addresses some of the problematic universals in Nonaka.
Private video screening party! Come parrty with us at the clubhouse!
This Nigga Writting W/ A Dry Erase Marker On A Worksheet.... Tf?
Jill, will I see you at the summit this week?
Thanks for giving us a shot! How about your next haircut is on us?
Robert...do you like movies with gladiators? Have you been to a turkish prison? Have a good break
Thrilled to announce that we we received a donation from the Lloyd E. Russell Foundation to kick off the "Save Outwrite Books" campaign.
Panda Express!
Basically just a mocha with chunks of cookie in it :P
Nope—thanks for the pointer, will check it out. Looks similar to Divvy. I also use Stay.app (saves window arrangements).
Discover The Importance Of Internet Marketing Statistics ...
Wow, some people just won't give up at nothing .
right now its 10 mil, all new tv contracts should fetch 3-4x old deals.
that last WOD was amazing to watch! He seriously KILLED it! I thought I was going to break the stands by jumping so much
#ICantStandWhen im trying to smoke people wanna bother me
Thanks! You looked cute in your photo.
do you ever feel like a plastic bag?
Where you at ?
It's my birthday and I'm sick. We'll played 29. Well played...
awesome! thanks for sharing!
how much are you willing to spend?
Getting caught up on the #kendrashow then getting to bed early!!! Nightie Night :)
- Thx for the RT about Pariah. We go back from the days of Young Back Professionals in LA!
follow me ? please :D i lovee youu...! :)
Of course! How are you!
#tech from is (finally) here to replace the #harddrive :)
going to sunfest tonight! Paul Rogers and Creed
wonder if I get holiday pay today?
Im gonna hit my 10k today guys !
Lemme make some french fries with all that shit I like..
good luck!!
Wow, can't believe Chicago was eliminated...bummer !
Rereading convos make me so confused ... You can't honestly tell me it meant nothing to you
Great love and great achievement involve great risk. Take the risk anyway.
pfftt! I've been getting up at 8 this week to finish a project. And now that I have, its my rest day (x
I figured it was mighty late. You should probably stop drinking now if your airport run is soon. :)
People also smoke #synthetic #marijuana to get negative drug tests...military, court, treatment, sports, employer, etc
Want more followers? Then do these1)Follow 2)RT this n S/O 3) More U Do it More Followers you get n We will Return the Favor.
haha hell yeah
Productivity now grinding to a halt.
#Smash is fantastic! Can't get enough! Seriously!
I'm a 21 year old Electro House DJ & Producer from Miami looking for management and record label single release signings.
The law protects college fantasy football, and, really, all fantasy sports. The NCAA is not law; the NCAA is just a business.
Mary Meeker's latest report: 60% Pandora use, 55% Twitter use, $4B Ebay sales & $2B AMZN sales all on mobile. Oppty has become necessity.
If you think about it, WWII was the original STAR* War! *The Jews were forced to wear the Star of David and fuck this.
Was a bangin' weekend with live band hits both Thursday night at the Elbo Room and Friday night with the Pimps of Joytime @ the Independent!
I love microsoft office 2010
I love the Asshole chants for LeBron James.
I'm going with ya.
Is that something you track using a particular tool, or <shudder> manually?
I like how all the rachets come out of the wood works.
Bout to block every single person out my life .
Big. Big, physical, can move puck and good shot. Hockey smart, too.
Nunez would have made 43 errors on that play.
So I sit here and wonder is it possible to find love on twitter, because i keep reading about all these people that are doing it
but you never get it right
#vernon davis BEAST!!!
And Turkish of course! :) I just know English, Norwegian and Spanish ... I'm the same way, I'm itching for more!
riches, oops.
So true - RT Problem w/ #PIPA, #SOPA is that “it treats the Internet as if its only purpose was to promote infringement” -
Day 2 of conference in Charlottesville!
hey your el paso special was on! i always enjoy watching you!
so today's my birthday & my follow buttons feeling kind of lonely(;
My girl ,mi just reactivate mi twitter again . .lost all my followers and shit. .lawd
The groundhog saw his shadow but theres no way were having 6 more weeks of this "winter". What winter?
California dreaming
"Never talk defeat. Use words like hope, belief, faith, victory." -Norman Vincent Peale What's your favorite positive affirmation?
Havent been on here for a while but im still reading the same damn tweets
Does anyone else think Directv has the worst commercials on TV
your welcome <3
Hey, Mizzou? You're playing Norfolk State. My heart shouldn't be in my throat with seven minutes to go.
My girlfriend's dead, you know. She fell off a cliff and died on impact.
looking good by the way!
love your tweets!!!
What a crazy day! Ended Day 1A of #WPTMadrid w 112k chips! Hopefully I can keep the momentum up. Now time for some food!
Hush Before I Call You And Cuss You Out
because were beast drivers
Read one of your articles today. Thought I recognized your name from VU Student Media. I'm c/o92 so prob from alumni mags.
get better soon!
I've been exposed multiple times, been vaccinated & still have no antibodies. Doctor says no "natural immunity" but I wonder.
Taking the bus to jury duty today. If I don't get picked I'm going to go out like Pacino: "You're out of order!"
Interesting show so far.
Soulmate love heals people while it stamps out loneliness and brings so much more happiness.
i need to get out this house
How does one gain followers?
Whoa!! RT Some people can't hang wit that!! LoL RT : fireball for the win haha
Perfect day for parade! My son's first marching with the high school band.
City v United. Waiting to exhale.
Tell him about Indiana's 4 and 6 at the IMA :)
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare; it is because we do not dare that things are difficult. Seneca
2012 Phenom Camper ° Phenom 150: Dylan Banks °Rising 9th °Santee, CA °Travel Team: Next Generation °Shooting Guard 5’2
Happy Friday everyone! Kick start your weekend with #KnowHowToDance from available on iTunes! #Pink&Purple
sometimes that's all you can do.
When it rains it pours
A yummy kind of bad. RT : Finished #CaptainAmerica...that movie is still bad ... Countdown to
FLEA MARKET DOCUMENTARY on right now. Doesn't matter when you tune in. This could be our best documentary. C'mon. Turn it on.
Everybody get to the amphitheater stage. The grates are killing it!!! #SITG we heart Splendour!!
<ahem> not only IS it a sex thing, sir, its practice is the leading cause of non-cosmetic anal bleachings in the country!
TONIGHT head out to BRINK ORLANDO where I'll be spinning beats! FREE DRINKS 11-12! And a charity event 9-11 where CARLI NICHOLAS will...
Dear Oregon Drivers, Two requests: 1- please drive the speed limit. Not 5 under. 2- pay attention to turn arrows. Sincerely, other drivers
UH i just hate Parody accounts!!!!
but i don't want to wake up at 2am! or 3am!
Interesting crowd at The Chelsea tonight...
Can't wait to see the fight tomorrow night!
I am the walking dead...
just fed the <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A0>and I gave her FOUR pieces of food hahaha
what's good bro
Yeah no doubt. I'll be home around 7 just hit me up
Cissy Houston THANK YOU for bringing the ENTIRE WORLD to CHURCH! The way you raised this legend! ENGENIUS!
see u didn't have to beat ur self up about it. But now I cant get u to join the anti Spanish club.
wonder what im cooking in 2nd period
#Groupon is featuring the Oct 10-13. The $10 you normally spend on lunch can feed a hungry family of FIVE!
Katie's daughter just brought her the stole. Everybody is weeping.
LeBron's pass was so dumb... if you're on the break, just throw a bounce pass or a lob :|
Bck too sleep putting my alarm clock at 2 but ill probaly just keep snoozin it x)
i mean suck emily cock XD
Everything is done through our website www.CityStreak.com. Sign your team up now for $5 a person. See you later today!
Difficult offseason decisions await Bulls
I really need to stop reading til midnight
The lunar eclipse was eclipsed by all the clouds. I know we need the rain, but enough already!
Thanks Kaspian! Hope your weekend is off to a good start!
bae I done seen that joke so many times lmao
home and chillin', worked all day setting up my writing suite...back to being creative.
Please someone tell Danny Gare how to pronounce "Hodgson". Makes him more annoying than usual.
Does anyone work in an underserved food neighborhood? Tweet if you need a truck! Lots of trucks looking for welcoming places to vend.
shut up.
Not sure which is worse: the guys in the room above me playing "Angel" by Shaggy or that I can smell their Axe through the bathroom vent.
No. YOU'RE THE BEST!
Perfect ending to a long day of work. At enjoying Kevin Winger's work!
welcome back to the iDarkSide
When are 2011 ticket prices and STH invoices coming out
Gotta love Obama's shout out to Detroit in the opening of the #SOTU tonight. Even he recognizes that we're coming up strong in 2012!
is there some assumption that price and quality go together?
Of course, you girls are amazing! Literally the best best dressed people we've hung out with in a long time :)
It's official.. The best time of the day to workout at #PlanetFitness is early afternoon.
who thinks I should get a gun license in Nevada????????
Hey LB: Do u have block parties, BBQs, Fiestas, & Pot Lucks in your neighborhood? If so, let us know what neighborhood u are in!
Hahaa yup! #northend RT : or frank giving you his number
Time to write this essay!
Ready to connect w/your calm, strength + awareness? Go beyond the stretch - Extend&Restore 8:30am this morn Beverly Hills
That MORE than counts! Sounds like you're having a blast!
Thank you for the mention and George Washington fact! Appreciate the recognition from a UNC grad!
No school today.. Due to lack of babysitter For my sis Alis, while the Mom&Billy are with Hayle during her surgery
well absolutely better to tell her. Was nice of u. Some wouldn't.
please "LIKE" my facebook page! www.facebook.com/gstatus763
Yeah, I'm drinking the kool-aid..... Black Cherry my
Beltway is not your happy place this Friday AM... Inner CRAWLING from BWPkwy to LandoverRd #DCTraffic Crash in the left lane
:DD.. Its just an amazing career! and if anyone I know you love food more than anything :)
a tweet saying goodnight would be the perfect way to end my night (;
KEEP THE MOMENTUM!
Why is there NEVER a lint roller when I need one?!
Make your own Monday. Let us know what kind of wine you like & we build the wine tasting. 4 for $14. Great way to learn about new wines
u tell em Austin!
yes please
Thanks for sending the #Aventura school info. I used to live there and have a lot of of friends with kids in that school.
the heat just suck
Very true!
“: Working on new songs with Andy !” <~ Andy needs a twitter!
needs to stick to one genre to write..ugh..this is gettin frustratin :/
can we just go on a date. get away from everyone..just you and me..
#AnimalAg can be invisible to folks in urban areas. - Shawn Lawrence Otto
Love Their New Single "Where The Boys At". Their Voices are so Unique.
Goig to check out Toby Keith's, I Love This Bar in Las Vegas this weekend.
7th period. Finally <U+2665>
Black ppl know how to have FUN!
Can't wait Katie! : great way to end the day- fab meeting with my #bride and #groom! so excited for their #wedding in two weeks!
Visit South Pole. Do a handstand. Now your holding up the Earth.
thanks for the follow
Charge your battery! We are doing Twitter Giveaways tonight during service! Best quote or photo wins a gift card! Mention us and tag
SexTips: suck his balls softly while u jack him off : SUCH A TURN ON
#LGBT Republicans are a waste of air!!!
thanks! :) “: Happy Birthday ”
Now she's far far away And I'd do anything just to see her face But she's far far away Walk a thousand miles just to see her smile again
Jefferson's Beek scores from Bach jefferson 6- Kennedy 0.
Is anyone else excited for Google Wallet?
#KimKWedding , wow someone is going to marry that #skank?
Hello Twitter world! Welcome to our official account. We're new to this and trying to get the word out there about our film! Keep Posted!
#amreading The Widsom of Donkeys: Finding Tranquility in a Chaotic World by Andy Merrifield #travelwriting #France #slowingdown Great book.
Pissed going to sleep now
Yeehaw, I'm going to Texas!
Ah, good Q. I'll get the thoughts of the experts...
sweet. Direct message us the name you used to order and we'll make sure you get a second one in your order
Everybody's taking about Cedar Point & Put In Bay.... I wanna go. To both <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
it was good to see you for 2 seconds this morning! miss you!
What's Lee Pace up to these day? Is he still as dreamy as ever?
let us know when its out!
Megan! Thanks for the ReTweet, how are you? Any plans for Memorial Day weekend?
Perfect. RT “: Maybe Romney was asked to speak at Liberty University *because* of his bullying past.”
Why is someone munching chips so loud? Why are they eating chips at 9 am? Why are they in a library, munching chips?
Thanks for the follow Sharyn!
Easter Brunch is filling fast, Give us a call today and let us do the work on Sunday.
aww!!!! Coco is so cute!! What kind of dog is she??
booking shows, booking shows...and booking more shows. what did YOU do today? :)
Right here
Look at things not as they are, but as they can be. Big thinkers visualize what can be done in the future. They aren't stuck in the present.
Simple but delicious ;) RT Poptarts and tampico for breakfast
so I think it's in like Maryland.. I THINK... Like cape cod cape may... Idk I was just wondering... Can u text?
Hello patron and bud light. Anyone want to drink with me? Ill buy you one or two.
Sitting next to a family at the bar in town for a college visit. Grandma looks stressed. Kid looks stressed. Mom is totally relaxed.
Luke has is baby cousin completely convinced my name is tigs-_-
big city life !
I love you, and Iove this mixtape!
Oh my fuck, stop calling me miss cori. Biggest turn off....EVER.
Last night's Celebrate Education, was great! Doris Todd Christian School Band performed and the mall donated $719 to the school!
Great seeing you as always :-) "Gonna see tonight as well at the promenade"
Please do! Yeah, sounds like a good new years resolution for 2012. ;)
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)33
something red perhaps ? :)
My offical private G+ is reported :O
And we miss you daily as well. Plus decorating the office for holidays. Plus your baking.
I wanna go to a black light party
who the fuck u talkin to ?
having some fun eating popcorn and cheeseballs
would love to, now that class is over, might be able to once in a while. sorry I zoomed past you like that, wasn't intentional!
please call our south main store at 901-922-5549. Thank you so much!
mine will be green :D RT : mine will be purple. Hahahah! :)
you should make Adel go with you. He'd love it.
Compress your speech without losing impact Tip 1: “Don't apologize or mention that you usually have much more time. Be confident.”
happy vday Grace ;-)
pls i can't #follow more than 2001 people. Can any1 find a solution to that... pls RT
At least 3 or 4 beast mode celebrations tonight... great job boys. Oh and praise the lord for roof beams at Minute Maid Park!
do you use a heat press to keep all business in house? If not, maybe we can assist.
Thanks for sharing your expertise with us at Roadmap11!
yeah probably HTML 5 should go next to Drupal 7 (not pictured but further to the right!)
any news or metrics from manor labs? What's working? What's not?
CEO Derek Johnson is now on Twitter - follow his #SCIP2012 tweets
Running is stupid.
alum conducts alum Ricky Ian Gordon's "A Lullaby" sung by Audra Mcdonald.
Saturday is bound to be a good time, and we can't wait to see you there!!
- shoot me an email:
Hey Chanatip! It's great to hear from you! I hope that all is well with you—are you in the US?
I hate it when my characters start playing nicey-nice. Who wants that? Writing nice sucks. I want angst and conflict.
Sure.. Where?
There r sum that r in my life for a season,sum 4 a reason,sum4a lifetime.I appreciate ALL,but remember those here when I need them the MOST!
New England Ancestors through Upstate New York out to upper Mid-west. www.unyg.com
lmao damn it is what it is
This is the worst manicure I've ever had. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0> It didn't even last ONE day!
Fresh off work ready to get into somethin
Congrats to & for yr silver at #museawards!
I saw a Helicopter crash today. Hope everyone is alright
roger that
think tues & wed most likely but have to check! I'll tell you when I get in tomorrow
Can't remember the previous one but I like this. Trying to choose logo for new women's show myself - v tough.
Lea's VOICE FUCKIN MAKES ME SO EMOTIONAL!!! KILLED IT!! OMG!!!!!!!! <333333333
lol omg :x
Was out running & thought "I could jump in front of that car right now; that would get me out of having to go to the ballet tonight."
you definitely should! He's the nicest ever.. It will be a great show.
NEVER on a Saturday. But hold on, I also don't have alot of hair! :)
People been blowing my phone up today too bad I didn't have my phone..
Upstairs neighbor is stomping around and playing "Crocodile Romp". The drywall on the ceiling is beginning to crumble. I tweeted about this.
Nottingham: 67% Off at The Tribe from Groupon MyCityDeal
Disappointed nobody made a "packet sniffing" joke on the internet of polythene tubes delivering food on #twit - :-)
We are
By is time going by SO slow <f0><U+009F><U+0095><U+0098>
aw thanks
Designing some 1st Birthday invitations....boy they are turning out swell!
WHY AREN'T YOU GUYS BEGGING FOR A REVIEW ON THE VERSTEEG SHOT?
Pfffff Its a wrap!!!!!
ah!! I wish I couldve seen!
A day late on this but thanks for the
RT if you have a dog
We'll have news on this in the next few months. For now, if you are interested send an email to
Thanks!! We enjoyed speaking with you about "choices". BE CHOOSEY!!
he's not on here...he will not be amused. Off to track one down.
got my septum pierced silly :-)
we should all crash 's vacation
Iant gone let no Nigga sale me dreams cause don't nobody got bail for me
Soo mad right now?!?! Anyways! I have a dentist app. Tomarrow..:/ scared might have to get braces!! Then people will call me brace face -_-
. e-mails with the subject "Marriage" first line: "Today, I was asked a direct question and gave a direct answer"
you are awesome
RT You want to know why these guys from Pittsburgh are winning? They work hard, and they work the right way.
I Am New Mexico Film......check out the clip.
English food is no longer as bad as it used to be! Especially in London it is rather good!!
No prob. I am too. Enjoy your day.
Definitely want to try the fine liner brush! features high-tech brushes and makeup tutorials- make you the expert
Incredulous that is showing three of its one-off cinephile titles (Maddin vs Ruiz vs Film That Got Away) at the same time 6/25
We're gonna feast in t-minus 15 mins.
I love you Justin RT OR FOLLOW XOXO<3
me (izzy):"go on teamweeklychris" shelby:"did u change the pass?" me"no" her:"Oh i slept weekly wrong!" me:"howd u spell it? her:"weely"
look in a mirror?
It's your chance for some great
lol you a fool
Aspirin makes the room feel like it's inside the body. #drugsthataren't
Awhh haha good to hear from youu. Miss you!!
i need to tell you something!
The Blastoff Network is a recently created website that incorporates all of your favorite things on the internet on one convenient page.
Finally got the ticket!!! Cant wait to c u!!
Remember to set your NFL fantasy football teams, there is a game in an hour.
Thxs, great to hear. Do they have ATMs? Or refund ATM fees from other banks? I'll def check it out.
awww how nice, but I'd take the ticket any day!
It's quite fantastic. Though I love making plans with friends & family for post-workouts!
LGA to DTW. maybe the best kind of vacation is the kind where you're ready to go home when it's over.
In LA, On the Hammock! Its Jolly Rancher Time!
who will move on to next week of the playoffs today??
it was in my pocket on the drive over, and when i got to my table it wasnt in my pocket. and its not in my stomach
you're damn right that's why.
#IDontUnderstandWhy girls with leggings complain about guys...I mean you wore it (shrugs)
Its 5am and just finished coding #APP #training #course you asked about. Can we #Skype or remote desktop to #test so we can deploy?
I finally watched #jumpingthebroom. Made me think of my boo and Thai takeout!
I was going to say "turning off my phone for the night" because I'm mad but I will probably still tweet like crazy!
RT : If ur coming to #Indians game tonight dress warm. It's cold down here.
True that! RT : #devlearn Safety issues, cost, risk, infrequency can make real practice impractical - instead use simulation
All right All right All right...if we get 100 followers by the end of next week...FREE T-SHIRT GIVEAWAY TIME!!!!
dude dm/txt ur email! I'll shoot u the song!
Love painting with the sounds of a storm in the background.
Some bird just shat on me as I was walking back from Quix. Frankly, it's a miracle it doesn't happen more often.
Let me know how she is!
Fuck we have to take a three .!!!
#Str8LykeDes... Just tryna find the right path....
El que busca lo que no debe,Encuentra lo que no quiere.
Meeting tomorrow to discuss venue options for the next
I've added another event to my race schedule as a result. With a little help from Mr. Burgess I will be adding Ceraland to my 2011 schedule
I see. With Tony Parker, Sr. in the mix & the release stating Europe first, more likely a feeder league for Europe than NBA
She got the eyes that make these cloudy days<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8> turn into sunshine <U+2600>
Ikr, seriously get a life
It's a shame I can't get #Sendik's Chuck Bronson sausages 6 at a time anymore. They make me buy a 12# batch. Hope they freeze well.
Happy Birthday Michelle OBAMA! You are an example of what is possible in this great Country of OURS! You are number 1!
HUGE SHOUT OUT TO MY NEW FOLLOWER>>>>
Want an #EABF tee or pint glass and not get one? We'll have them for sale from 5:30-8pm tonight. $18 tees/$2 glasses!
Going to a cajun place for lunch & then working at the ballpark that night, but I love working there so
I still have thee biggest crush on #ThomasJones!!!!!! Yummy!!!
Morning Rockstars! > A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds. - Francis Bacon
Im not in the mood to cook haha why do you wanna make something?
Portal down again. Issue has been identified, but portal will not be up again until 6 am GMT-6.
when you cum to Tokyo, I am going to make you fuck my pussy and face so hard
If you feel like a Scramble, check the chalkboard for our special!
Couldn't convince Sturdivant to dropped a 'help me help you' to tie the entire piece together?
wait so its a yes?
Thanks to everyone who is sharing their excitement about NCORE! Only 17 more days! Remeber to use #NCORE2012 when tweeting about it.
Who do you love?
I'm really happy #netflix put a bunch of #Marvel animated movies on instant streaming. Hopefully, #DC follows. Yep, I'm a geek.
foundations want impact: keep circling about policymaking and journalism. re Islam: do either reach the public or highest government levels?
Just a blind guess - make sure that you are selecting the reference type first before you make changes.Support can help more.
Thanks for the follow .
Had fun at the Entrepreneur Magazine conference today. It was great to meet you !
i want to marry you
Carol Bove - Spirit animal, East Coast edition
RT : #lifewaseasybefore I was born, but I'm here now so I may as well sweat a little.
guess i'll get started on this huge paper i have due tomorrow :'(
I was in the upper deck area. My fiance bought tickets for me while I was out camping and got the best ones she could.
I'm coloring my daughter's shoes with a pink marker. That's not nearly as weird as touching up my roots with a brown one, right?
Obviously it is frivolous to say what will happen or not happen in Dec/2012. To do so as of questionable reading of Maya brick/ tablet....
Ms Parker Ms Parker! When u gonna let a nigga..........
Yep working on the cd now its kinda a slow process and we are trying to get things together to start a tour soon
Lin is the Knicks PG! He threw down 38 on the Lakers tonight! Then credited his teammates and God post-game!
Nothing can sabotage winning, except for fear of losing. Success usually lies just beyond failure.
diggin the what a voice and what an incredible blend of instruments
I'm waiting for to create an "Is NASDAQ Down?" microsite.
Frank Sinatra....period
I wana stay home and watch music videos.
School sponsored with support of our district. We had 20 and just received 65 more. How about you? I'd love to share ideas.
No ones messing with my sock/slipper game today, call me the young RGIII
i thought that was Bo Jackson?
Not in that order
Ditto! RT Just want to congratulate , , et al., for putting together the amazing Student View exhibition at Tech!
Hate cry babies
ha ok I'll do it right now
well I'll hit U up then :))
I HOPE U NOTICE ME I BEEN WAITING 3 YEARS! #BELIEVE TOUR SOON!!!!! #YYEEE plz follow me
Willisc4 RT : cool bro shoot me ya email so i can lock you in my contacts
The person who surges w/ enthusiasm, though excessive, is superior to 1 w/ no passion. Better to calm a geyser than raise up a mudhole
Dance 4 U By Beyonce Iz By FAR Her BEST Song Since Cater 2 U Wit DestinyChild.
A lot of lounges..tons of birthdays to celebrate
Banquet day!
heyy tmoneyy(: what's your favorite thing to do besides dance? And follow me??
Any Help Desk / Desktop Support projects sitting in purgatory? I have a team of three hot off a project ready to assist. BR $18/hr!
Get back on track today!!!
haha read that tweet and laughed really hard
HELL YEH SOON
Was having a bad day until you hugged me <3
great job drumline! I'm following your scores on the wgi app! Goodluck tonight!!!!
walmart... again lmfao
Guest speaker in class basically recruiting students to be future lobbyists.
No biggie!! We'll catch up.
always 10 and 2! Unless I'm bumping Wu.
Done, thanks RT : change your twitter name, your reign of terror is soon to end.
my phone didn't tell me i had any tweets from you!
Despite being on the wrong red & white team, still hard to cheer against Russell Wilson #GoBadgers ?
I miss when would say #goodnightangels :((
OGHS Women notch first victory!
Crowds flock to Chepstow's Christmas lights switch-on - Free Press Series AboutMyArea Crowds flock to Chepstow 's Christmas lights switch
let me guess, with all this rain, you guys are without power again??? Hopefully not
OMG, they just announced they are doing another season of Real Housewives of Miami. WHY? That season sucked.
me siento mal pero life goes on
Not that this girl is walkin round school with a whole jug of fruit punch . Lmao wtf..
no problemo :) I won't be able to make it, but I'm sure it'll be a blast!
New apple TV!!
Off to Monticello tomorrow for the launch of a new book by their gardener, expect over 200ppl. It should be a great event.
Seeing the Hunger Games for the second time this weekend.
Watching #RHOC glad I just went to the dentist. About to set myself on fire. Someone's gonna need the records.
no problem man, take care & good luck!
A person on a mission can't be defeated by laziness, stupidity, or hate... cause his fuel is his passion. Go hard and love harder
Had an absolutely lovely time with & Thanks for the food and conversation, all!
yeah, I am protesting the charges. It has just gotten worse. sigh. I work above and beyond to. But it is my choice. thanks!
I know it's a cheap cash-in that's capitalizing on nostalgia, but, damn, Freddy Krueger's going to be a playable character in Mortal Kombat.
Hello everybody!!!!
first thing the #NBA should do is make Ron Artest take that stupid name off his jersey
Sorry...been in trial all week. Will get the team to check on this. Have a great weekend.
word. See you there.
Watching Grammys red carpet
Today only she can get a mulligan ;-)
I think it was a long bad day for everyone.
Hey, I want you to know we have your back. No one can just do that to you without punishment. Hope you're ok(: Tweet? Love u
I want to see more...a lot more...
I saw ghost! The effects were awesome !!
Thank you! You the best! “: I'm so excited, I'll b watching...... #ufc #mma #sinful”
haha :) you are one of those cool chicks!
It follows from the logic of some of their arguments, but no specific cases.
I hope I slept with someone to get this job. Because if I didn't, then who the hell WAS that guy?
I f*cking HATE the tomahawk chop chant at Turner field/ Fulton County Stadium. Bad memories
happy birthday man im going to go to drive down harry yell at people walking and ge
There's no place like home!
Your a Jerk. I still love that song(:
It's banana slices mixed with frozen yogurt & choc syrup.
Super stoked to be playing with our friends at The Avalon March 22nd. Come hang!
My stomach and chest is hurting real bad, financial attempt to clean my room then take a nap.
ASDFGHJKL. just DMd me his number. DEAD. (:
we will be in LA April 9th -13th recording at Red Bull studios! Let's meet up
#flyers pulled out a big win last night against the #Pens. Both teams more physical than
May I just say..."The Lord is blessing me right now" #ohhhhhhRightNow #PFAswag :)
Bae said he gone sing to me for my birthday tomorrow...lmao, I can't wait for this<3
Drinking a mountain dew basking in the glory that I have yet another job that wants me. why can't men be so readily available?
My #Packers are 9-0 and I couldn’t be happier! Seeing do his magic in person last night beats my old black and white TV.
Community fighting at schoolboard mtg upset about black schools closing, but the board just voted to keep them open.
that would be great. I will see you there.
Started the day off the bat with 2 zyrtek and was doing great...until I just went outside. Can't stop sneezing! :-(
If Im Just A Friend If Im Just A Friend Then Why Do I Know How Your Lips Feel Like ? -Jasmine V I love this song. (:
Everyone needs a mental break now and then. Congrats on taking one and hope it is absolutely enjoyable!
RT : #locksmiths What is average time to fit rim night latch, upgrade a BS sash lock please. Appx cost too please.
Few things get me wetter than exhibition college football in April
CEO Nicole DeBoom on keys for leaders: Listening. Listening develops trust and trust is at the core of a good team.
hi. it's my birthday(: a birthday tweet from you would make my day!
Thank you to everyone who came out to Dollhouse Cocktail Lounge last night and supported our model search!
Who are some of your favorite local female acts? Let us know!
Today's Special - Cowboy Burger - Cheddar, bacon, housemade Tandem Dubbel BBQ and housemade onion rings. M.... saddle up. ;)
Just bck from #ClevIntFilmFest & post rap session w/ 2 friends. Wanted to stay for final round of films & break party bt Sun anxiety set in.
I Guess I'm a Criminal.
Dear Nike, thanks for following me!
miss you too even though i'm mad at you.......
she just seems like a dead-ish person. :*
Ha Ha next tiime a youth/womens sized jersey. Good OT finish so there will be more games
The team is looking forward to the community literacy forum tonight!
#TeamLocas forever love!!!
Thanks for the the Game of Thrones tip!
ok lol......we need to show these young cats how to do it lol
Any pray requests??
Pho after practice could be the greatest idea ever imagined...in the history of this world.
Kicking off a week long river restoration course with Matt Kondolf and a lot of Portuguese people...
Just discovered What a great thing! Now I'm really dreaming about summer vacations!
Hey i know that mother fucker I used to team battle with him!!!:) ": Hey , essentials or what?"
Awww you're welcome Darlin. It's cause you're so delicious!
Mexicans neva stop with the cookouts :D
Pick your favorite please Jo Joah Jeau Jeaux Im trying to pick a username for my music page Joe is not an option i have already tried it
Had fun at my first event tonight!
"This Boy" John wrote this & it is simple but very clever. It has only a few notes but the space between the notes is filled by arrangemen
": This boy just fell off his bike :(" - I jst saw that sht
mitch is telling my fave story
oh my oh my... that sucks. Glad you got your stuff back!
I know how you feel . c:
What a day... When one story breaks it seems like it just starts a trickle affect.
what position do you play???
NFL Draft Results 2012: Why the Chicago Bears Had the Best Draft
Chessboxin': still a mystery.
Hello, Dulles. It's been so long that I'd forgotten our night together until I was inside you again. Here's hoping I'm not here too long...
on a scale of 1 to ' on St Pats Day', how excited are you about Manning?
. any chance you have an iCal or Google Calendar of your upcoming workshops and webinars. If so, perhaps a good idea? I'd subscribe.
proposing at games. Dumb dumb dumb!
Hurry up for your big #win with us! A chance to get some #cashforcarspdx. We offer top
oh no no no it's not bein saved I'm upset wit u!!!!!!
typical theories
yo fun rad blogger GIRLS in NYC, San Fran, Austin, Boston, LA and elsewhere...DM me ur deets/blogs. i have a SUPERCOOL opportunity for you.
ack...thanks for letting me know...I'll try again! :D
FUCK YA Cape Surf Core Board Shop!
Rainy, cloudy #FridayThe13th... At least we're here to brighten your day with #tacos!
I'm not weird.
Having a drink in the Hilton bar. Come join me if you're wandering around, I'm all about meeting new folks.
I refuse.
Is there a different chat room we should be in for #odhd? IRC and the TinyChat are pretty quiet /cc
There is a lot going on in news this week. Presidential primary, dancing with Donald and 12 news, then opening day!
thanks for the words! Good luck this season
I think his birthdays today...
RT : (Stylin') women who rule: -->THANKS for the shout-out! :-)
they're adorable!
He's 4 and brilliant, but when he doesn't get something right the first time, oy dios mio! Like puzzles, or packing cards or toys in boxes.
Bye every1:) see u tomorrow!
This tornado is a punk bitch
we just launched a solar event (0 energy home) in Cabezon... but its the same development. Zero Energy is great way to go.
#Moore, Bloodsucking Fiends, a love story. 1st of 3 comedic vampires in SF novels, quite possibly the silly best. Turkey bowling, anyone?
Verlander's arm hair has arm hair.
If you don't want your dirty ways exposed stop doing dirt. Simple as that
45 minutes on elliptical -.-
I think I want bangs, what ya'll think???
Thrilled to hear MoMA has wisely acquired work by superb artist 96 year old Elizabeth Catlett.
Cooking pancakes and eggs and headed to itunes for
just had the best omelette ever! airlines served it to me. Thinking about taking a trip tomorrow just to have another one!
All I want in this city is a flying burrito brothers cover band.
Gigantes looking good
#WordsIveHeardBefore " I'm Sorry, I will never do it again"
I'm doing a week #rawfast, almost done with day 1. You are my
Can't get the taste of Budweiser out of my mouth. #notthebest Lara, get someone to fix that.
#everygirlisbeautifulandspecial the end.
Your proposal presentations can make the difference. Showcasing that you can present a great message is half the battle.
Artemisia is prepping to begin our research study in about a week. We might be calling you...
if thats the only thing she wants. Maybe next year she'll expand her wish list :)
it will be dry in MSP until 6pm then a 40% for rain then 60% & 80% by 8pm-the tstorms approach from the southwest.
it's just another Saucy Sunday.
Future parachute
- pretty sure i can quote the entire movie verbatim. Its my gift and my curse. Oddly never seen Beerfest.
awe thank you,dude :') ": welcome, wish you guys the best. :)"
love your nails they are so cute :)
I am always addicted to sex in April and may..... and not just any sex. Im talkin fucked up abusive walk of shame bruises kinda sex.
What court are you ball hawking at today? I'll be walking around the Open during the Day session.
People who cant mind there business have no life to me!
Sometimes you gotta keep on keeping on -joe dirt.
Greatness lies not in being strong, but in the right use of strength. ~Henry Beecher
The worst day of the week is over!
Please note: before you choose to piss me off, I suffer from mental illness so could easily kill you and plead insanity
A #BFElvisFactoid - today in 1976 in #Memphis, #BruceSpringsteen jumped a fence at #Graceland in an attempt to see his idol,
Melodies and my studio>>
Worldwide Trend #crazygirloncourt at the Nuggets game!
I am! RT : Who's going to #smbme this Friday?
: BENNY & THE JETS! + shots +7pm start time =
New music coming very soon...
Baby BooklynBuck has had two naps during the duration of this Tribe game.
god damn, Trespassing is the best album ever.
Amber was a sensuous lover, and she's rumored to have later become a stripper. I've always picked 'em right!
Radio Show Rundown for April 14thMike Avery39s Outdoor Blog - avery outdoors
Sounds like an intervention.
Genius always finds itself a century too early
love you!!! Thx so much for your support of PHAME! Werque, Haus of Visage.
These guys are good. #Packers!
Things I can't wait for this summer; golf, whiffleball, the beach, the Gus, road trips, sports, gambling
we thank you as well for the mention, jazz up this month and every month
Skye:Royal, this is the first time i've ever seen you read. Royal:I have to read. Skye:Why? Royal:Because I have no sex life. I DIED!
Unclear at this point what involvement, if any, Andersen had in this case and whether he will be charged.
only "know" him via Twitter. not in person.
Cafe de la Presse, the corner French place we saw? Or First Crush by hotel.
Keep your hopes up high, and your head down low.
Sometimes you need to stop waiting for someone else. The "YES" you get is from yourself.
RT : I call my mouth my sasshole.
Working on some linkbuilding for
And sign it in blood?
#AskDylanBarker who do you think is thee prettiest girl celebrity under 21 years old? :)
Jonas Kaufmann was AMAZING last night in Adriana Lecrouver. So proud of Tom being part of such a prestigious cast!
RFT doing his thing. ": video making in miami"
I have to start getting ready, and my brother just got in the shower. -.- #getout!
All smiles over here :)
Damn it's been too long...I don't recognize any of the faces on my time line..
Hahahaha I have green eyes.... :) LOL.
They look glorious. I've watched the Alien blu 3 times since owning it. I wouldn't bother with part 4 unless you are very curious
Hatting, surprise Ustreams, random videos taken with terrible cameras. Less people, easier to get noticed<\3
Thanks Dee!
That's semi-absolutely true for almost most of us. Why you hatin'?
#ThingsIHate when parents says NO to something and their reason is because they said so -_-
Do you need to tell us something?
Only one recorded death in the US in 40 years from a Coral Snake bite
I was solid in my plans to go lite but who can resist Mac and cheese special of the day!! No one.
In Tucson until Thursday morning. Wondering if theres a Tucson CFUG meeting any time soon? ?
Typing this from my iPad 2. Yay birthday present from my darling husband.
HAPPY VALINTINES DAY AUSTIN!! WE LOVE YOU!! <U+2665>
why did that terrible blonde "country" singer make it through on the voice?
Oh no! I hope everything is ok.
Look for patchy freezing drizzle to form this afternoon. Not a lot or precip, but will lead to slick spots. Slow down! /via
I have to make changes in my life, i'm sleepy all the fucking time.
I wanna go to Arundel Mills Mall!!
LOL. [Waving back!] Yep, I'm going tomorrow. See you there. We'll set up lunch :)
Thanks you Gina!
Hating that it's 101 degrees outside at my house! Lots of inside activities planned today.
It feels good to be a big part in a child's life
Thanks for the follow Melissa! Be sure to check our iPad app (on sale today for $6 off!) :)
classy that!
So I just found out my best friend likes me who's a girl, her brother likes me and my ex loves me o.O got all this news at once!!
HARBOR only 5 shows left The Victory Theater in Burbank 818-841-5421 with #TheDescendants star #Lillardmatthew One of the BEST plays in LA!
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness. ~ Seneca
Hi, not going to Kenosha today, too windy. So sorry if you were looking for me!
Are you following the team?
What's on your #ohnono list?
We have to radically rethink the way we're delivering education, says Norman Atkins,
I'm vacuuming doll carriages and crossing all my fingers and toes that all the spiders are out to lunch.
I'd be glad to help!
Bored doing nothing right about now! Where are all of my celebrities out here with all of the new albums out! Keep me posted:)
good thing I have 4 years before I need a job.
you are so welcome! We can't wait to come back!
I think you're only allowed to assign Lady Chatterly's Lover. None other.
lol yeah, yeah
#Bourekas for sale at the #OVSBazaar on Sunday, December 11th are first come, first serve (no advance orders)!
's new music video is breaking records with over 5 Million views in less than 24 hrs!
Random pain in my chin.
yhur lucky to be Able to be part of life bc he is truly an awesome person!!!
christmas is in the air at the office - smells so good!
COME BACK TO PHILLY
Elway agreeing to come play in Wildcat packages with Peyton.
that is so true :)
Favorite preschooler book of the week: Ten Wriggly, Wiggly Caterpillars. Tactile, colorful, counting, rhyming fun--great gift for toddlers!
announced a vinyl due out early 2012!
What do you call a man with only half a brain? Gifted.
Is it just me or has Terrence Jones just been full of awesome lately?
its time 2 go celebrate!
Congrats, Duke!
I also am one of those guys that say music was better back then. Just ask my son when we do the Phish & Grateful Dead debate
Whoa!!!! amazing! Fingers crossed this happens!
If anyone wonders where I get my party skills...ask my dad
Tonight, Wednesday, Pilates at the Presbyterian Church hall, 6 - 7 pm.
trying to get my computer work, its slow cause its raining. it taking me forever just to send this
In Miami Fl
that wasn't my fault, I had car issues. I bought a new car a few weeks ago.
#yes She makes me feel like a strong, independent woman!!
Cut it out lol. RT : *stands on chair* but I'm a Leo and I do!!!!!! *sigh* I'm never enough for you =(
I thought your shirt was classy! But then again Andover thinks I'm classless.
That's the one! He's the best.
FYI, mustangs are best for ladies to ride, unless they are heavyset ladies, in which case the horse will simply refuse to move.
Should I start using this account again?
Thank u buddy!
Saw Da Brat on the June Ambrose show all thugged out, but she didn't forget her #makeup. Humph, even Brat knows there's power in makeup. ;)
Dear Friday: I love you.
I'M SO CONFUSED. WHAT ARE WE BERTING ABOUT?! CAN SOMEONE PLEASE EXPLAIN TO ME?
Fat shorts, mcdonalds and my couch for 10 hours = perfection
I'm pretty sure we won that debate ((:
OK Im Gonna write The Best AKWARD MOMENTS.!
I can't. The rare instant celebrity death news makes up for enduring daily texts of tragedy and mayhem.
Anytime Greg!
What it do? U k know me, i been in the lab. How u been?
Yea! I'm east coaster so makes sense. That's also y Pasadena usually faked as eastcoast locals like cityhall in
Sorry... Couldn't get Eddie Vedder to perform the Star Spangled Banner on Opening Day....
- We want to see you do work on Cleveland for the next Operation Orange game this Friday.
RT f you put a glass dome with a 50 mi diameter on Houston, there would be few global humanspheres unrepresented.
I don't know who you are lol
ANOTHER UMPIRE ERRor
good morning twitter (: on to 1st period(: .......can't wait until this damn day over.
Last performance of The Scottsboro Boys. Wow.
My pleasure, Vince!
plz follow me....
Ok whew. I thought it might get *really* dusty in here. That one I can handle. The dog one? Not so much.
Excellent service Saturday night.
sorry I get a ton if email what's the question?
I love to it big.
duh that's my job
Let's go Rondo tied at half-time
guess I was forgotten again... No more of me for you Nicholas....
Shouldn't I realize...you're the highest of the high?
I love downtown. So many in-the-cut, lowkey, spots to chill at.
earthquakes in Bali Oregon Puerto Rico and Alaska in the last 2 hours.
Such a gorgeous day! Waking up next to my boy & had an amazing run! Summertime loving
Hi, hi! *waves* Life has just been hectic...but I'm "resurfacing" & I'll shoot you a text today! Oh, & Happy New Year!
Thanks! RT Happy
just went skateboarding with all day.
Brewers going to be going into game six on a high note
I just cleaned out my phone's custom dictionary but I am keeping "brochacho"!
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there and to my mom! She is the greatest!
What Internet technologies also provide professional development for teachers? A principal friend needs some recommendations 4 his teachers
That's charming. I want to put my hands on this cute pad baby. #newiPad. Should I create something to it?
Layed up with my love about to cuddle & call it a night , feels good waking up to that someone every morning .
RT On Conference call...just accepted the Big East invitation!
55 minutes to the world premiere of our film at the New York International Film Festival. So excited!!
Poker Quote of the day: I used to be a heavy gambler. But now I just make mental bets. That’s how I lost my mind.
toss me a shout out!
Love the way you are. You are flawless! AND WE REALLY LOVE YOU.
i know you read my text message.
Speaking of nice guys, am I seeing you tonight??
well im not so impressed.. hope my boys LMFAO shut it down..
Rt if your mouth says "shit" automatically when something bad happens.
It will take some time, but I certainly will.
The new roommate better be ready for me and rachael
have a safe trip home. PS. You are more than ready!
Bieber In My Heart:))
I am. Wish I was in NYC to check out the exhibit.
Active Child or Starkillers? Or bed? Dear god
If you are looking for #payroll services...... can help you there too? Ask us how???
State GOP Convention on NOW. PRAY for the USA, Preservation of our Constitution & Ron Paul for President. YES he STILL CAN WIN. ~thurane
A broken clock only works twice a day ~
Session not a good 3pt shooter, so that's kinda the whole plan by Karl, but still, it's really noticeable. See Kobe bringing it up now?
Studio, open windows, loud music, and my painting flip-flops....on we go.
Just heard that the show #House is in its last season. It's been a good run!
Panic! At The Disco on the radio, they're doing a good job.
you gotta tag me for it sho! sho nuff. I'm about to get my hair cut in my crib. what's happening in your area?
RT : I'm talking about Inbox Zero this Thursday - learn how to make your inbox scream uncle =>...
Drooling over new arrivals…
Watching Oliver do tree pose. Yum.
so band practice just got stopped by da POOOOOOOOOOOliceeeeeeeeeee
my nephew is soo sweet!
Good times! How is your evening?
's new profile picture makes me sad.
I've gotten into the twitter-verse and clearly need to be in bed
Officially cleared!!!
just remeberd we were talking about swinging baby fetus's by the legs into poles
hm, just work and school. trying to move on but also keeping track of comic con hehe
You should take some lessons!
Hardest part about new job in new part of town? I have to get a new barista. ;-( trying #bellacaffe we will see.
SHOUT OUT TO MY BOO BOO MVP !!
Wahh :( my break is over
...and w/in the guide pages it is difficult to get an outline of the guide or current section, you can only go back to 'home'
My life just crumbled. He probably saw it and just moved on hahaha XD
#SoYoureallyThink I'm listening.
how do people help/contribute?
hhheeyyy! who wants to talk?! :)
is SOLD OUT tonight!!! Reserve your tickets for Jinx NOW for Friday and Saturday before they GO!!!
oops! wrong tag for Lance! apparently we're not twitter official friends
#MustFollow Thanks for the RT's and mentions!!
george clooney is so sexy! shot
Final things before I get on a plane home tonight: Boston Public Library & Pizzeria Regina. :D
Unfortunately Monta Ellis is trending into Salmons/Maggette productivity land, hopefully that gets turned around quickly.
I hate you.! u left me all alone in class this shits fucking boring without u.!>:o
Borrow money from a pessimist, they don’t expect it back :)
NYC Printing 123 is making improvements on the website!!! Follow up for more updates & specials
#3wordsforyou Create your fate.
u looking for new artist an where can i send some tracks to
Whats up from Houston! Thanks for sponsoring great music!
Think she's saying that identification draws att'n to/magnifies difference, not ingores. But wasn't that Burke's line already?
I need Followers, Business minded Women that is about it
It's 3:05am. I need to go to bed but I can't get stop browsing
Lol “ ANAL SEX N BRAZILIANS WORST THAN CHILD BIRTH”
Tigers coming through, backs against the wall they find a way to save the scorecard. Cudos!
What about you?
I think your terrific and I wish others could be the breath of fresh air that you are
Alfredo "Freddie" Macadabre. You just made my night by showing up at my house at 11PM with a burnt penis.
The Make it in America music video is cute! And mosquitoes are biting me! >.>
Thanks for the follow!
RT : I'm not an alcoholic. Alcoholics go to meetings. I'm a drunk, we go to parties
I wish girl's didn't have to have moods swings
If this image makes it on the internet, I'd love a copy/ link.
click the tweet i replied to! ahahah
i just dont buy all this "the game is sacred" mess. Its HUGE but only in the historical context of big dudes smashing faces
just got tickets to c , anyone else going to zanies on the 29th? lets have a big fam dinner across the street at mcds b4!
thats a trade secret =)
#BSBlovesyou and I love you too!
Gr8 recipes! Just made the Roast Chicken with Honey-Vinegar Rub!!! WZho would have thought to use vinegar? Delicious!
Fito Reinoso at the Cigar Bar San Francisco tonight Sat, October 16
Mountain Dew! It's how I start my mornings :)
Ever notice how girls with no ass switch they hips way to hard!
The Sixers are still the Sixers. Beating a severely depleted Bulls team didn't change that.
Omg I have a necklace that has a pig head and a pig but I love it!!!;)
me and my brother were messing around with the mic and I wanted u to hear it. It's pretty funny
Workin tonight! Singin' and swinging' with big D till LATE!
Kevin Nash is trending...makes me wish we ordered SummerSlam lol.
I know zero of those people
#6WordSciFiStory - I'm... I'm... still... still... malfunctioning... malfunctioning.
I can only imagine what Cleveland police and EMS will encounter tonite when drunks leave the bars and hit the streets. Keep em safe God.
When the Islanders play, (Hockey, that is) Do they try to Lin or just concede in the locker room before the game?
Where do you train in the offseason?
I don't follow.. I made chicken.
MarketMeSuite is a great social media tool!
when are you gonna rock the charts and release "Oh My!" ?
Finally heading to bed. And I wake up in like, 3 & a half hours. Oh well, goodnight!
Haven't eaten salt in 24hrs. Going through salt withdrawal. We is want salty snacks!!! No we canst have it wes cannot. *gollum gollum*
ok do it
We in #Liv right now gettin it in!
Vin Scully is coming back! Nice to see some things stay the same.
hahaha thats why i love you :)
Thanks for the follow Kathleen!
Much better off holding an auction for 3rd pick if RGIII falls there.
long overdue!
Mornin'! We r introducing our next co-anchor Robert Maxwell. Chris Willis is moving off the desk to head the investigation team
Any #Slpeeps working in Chicago? Pref school setting?
I care at times. Why follow someone if they stopped tweeting. When I can unfollow & use my follow for someone else.
I dnt like to think to much cuz I start thinking about bullshit n I get mad.......
ok just let me know. I'll be at universal during the day Sunday
If u love me.. this how u let me know.. don't ever let me go.. that's how u let me know baby!!
Listing appoint at 10.
Radiate Love like Miley. Stay Strong like Demi. Dream Out Loud like Selena. Be fearless like Taylor and Never Say Never like Justin. <U+2665>
Orgs, funders, board members, etc all push for the status quo. Someone needs to step up to advocate for change within institutions.
2 days in, sleeping schedule already messed up
#tired. Feel like I got hit by a truck.
So lost. So confused. So..... #heartbroken :'(
Failure is success if we learn from it.
Your welcome !
you should never come to Florida then!
Great show for sure! We will do it again.
is great right now. is a genius.
Less than one week now until our trip to Washington for the annual March for Life!
The 2nd coming of Christ will be quick; I Mean it's been 2000 years since the last time he came
I have yet to receive a message from you best friend!
Chef Special: Blackened Scallops with tomato, basil, and mozzarella salad.$21.95
LOL guys Ian put a picture of on Facebook of my Twitter & said I was weird as fuck.
TODO Austin #SXSW tip: Skip the madness, park east of I35!!
my mom overreacting about this whole prom thing <<<<<
Good morning :) getting ready going out with my boyfriend! Yay
Want to lower heart disease risk? Eat more beans! 4 times a week according to research.
These dances on dancing with the stars look amazing!
agrees to buy for $12.5 billion. Wow! Expect them to move into hardware, including mobile. Things just got interesting...
interviewing tomorrow for a help desk job. wish meh luck.
Young the Giant, dudes!
these girls that go and beg people for money for doing nothing, piss me off.... GET A FUCKIN JOB!!! You want something, buy it yourself.
thanks guys! Playin in Nashville tonight at 9pm!
That awkward moment when ur at da store buying a bra and the cashier is a dude...
Hit by a pitch on the left wrist and back of hand in the 13th.
My mother just wished me a happy birthday in the Facebook comments to a Nate Dogg video.
Make sure to grab tomorrow's City Paper. I hear they've got a hot new cub reporter on the cover.
Jimmy Palmiotti, Justin Gray tackle 'Phantom Lady': DC Comics unveils its latest miniseries with an update of the classic heroine.
great call! I will have to dig that one out of the library!
I've been hacked. I changed my password.No idea who's doing it.
The new Beach House song, "Myth" is AMAZING!!! Can't wait to see them in concert at Jacksonville Beach. :)
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea. – Napoleon Hill
"We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope." -Martin Luther King
. now discussing LMNL, an experimental markup language with different affordances from XML. Particularly handling overlap
Big Sur, come back.
A Top Texas Chef Cookout PRIME! benefit supporting New Horizons, will be held on Wednesday, April 25, 2012
Thanks to all who came out this past Friday night for John Carpenter's the Thing! Biggest show in some time!
In horrible pain hate life
can I get a shout out please
oh ok
If you got haters, your doing something right.
shout out to you for shouting out for us!
Philly? You at Relays?
I am done using #Java as #Oracle and #Google seem to be ruining it as an open source programming language and potential future for
What she meaaaann?????
fakers playing better
Wait..... Who does Jackie play?!? lol, I'm like the only one who probably doesn't know :/
A fade is much needed this week
Hi Aiden, Thanks for the re-follow. Have a good day.
Full of gas compounded from barley hardtack. Breakwind blasts every sencond.
How's our video coming?
You can't be fierce to the violin solo from schindler's list. You just can't.
Palau, more than once: "Yes, give Jesus Christ a hand. He deserves it!"
sounds great. We'll definitely head that way. Hoping to get down time this summer.
Little-known fact. I have a Lakers Van Exel jersey in a drawer. I really cannot remember why, although I know I chose it.
I'd like to request "Young Homie" by Chris Rene - Pls play it :)
Look people in the eyes, speak with confidence, be polite to all (especially to strangers), & tip well.
happy beautiful birthday honey wish for u a very good day !
RT : Give yourself permission to succeed - JUST AS YOU ARE. You don't have to be perfect, you already deserve Success!
right back at ya! RT Here's to 2012!! So happy to be back with
That's all the confirmation I need that flat top isn't coming to UK.
*sigh* .... I'll just amuse myself with it neverthless
banana cinnamon makes me smile...and feel a little mischievous
Keep feedback coming on #KatyTrail crime. Thoughts on safety, response? Tweet, Facebook, Email me ().
we just got an end of the day shipment of the most SOUGHT AFTER #athleticapparel. it's some of the NEW much anticipated fall arrivals!
Just watched the #BOYFRIENDvideo uhm... I just had an orgasim from looking at the tv LOL but anyways LOL is out tommarow!
we're volunteering up north, lol, and staying off campus so we have to get over to camp before breakfast is over!
it's a pill but you're right about everything else ;) stay tuned for a chance to win a free sample!
I wish....those things were legit.
Thx for the RT Greg! Have an awesome weekend!
God lord, I've never realized how much I love japanese food.
on my way home with paint 4 Pipers room. Who wants to do some painting?
On Jay phone n shit . I gave Ms price my phone
Be sure to listen to 99.9 KISS FM in the morning and play the contest! Winners get a prize pack + VIP tour from
I think we successfully answered every question today except for "Where are my daughter's school shoes?"
Enjoy! RT : Much needed day off in rainy NYC! Time to gym it and go find some grub!
So excited for to be on the xfactor next year!!!
let's fight each other
Right now, the #Sounders are playing w/ the type of team cohesion & synchronicity all title teams understand. #itsbeautiful!
Sometimes I feel like I'm being stalked by advertisers on the interwebs.
Who the hell is Sergio Martinez...lol
I guess I will have to see but I must go see my sis first I know she miss me
I was talking with my friend today we said imagine wht maralin mansons wedding was like i think tht bitch just wanted money tho /:)
“: Good vibes bouncing off the walls (: thank you earth for being Friday. I appreciate it.”
Old people on Facebook..hahaha no.
RT : Please pray for 17-year-old Leeah Bryan, a friend who was hit by a motorcycle. She needs to awaken!
thanks so much!
when is it
Nice site! Thanks for posting my link, though all credit due to designer Hans Linberg and www.dornob.com
Seven buses worth so far! YearOfTheHawk
i hope follows me she is so beautiful and so talented :)
true might geocoders be better for that? What do you use? Geopy? I played with geonames and google event
on it
Writing novels about alternative worlds often involves archival research in this world
Bring by the Boogens if you remember I wanna check that out. I saw a fairly good indie flick the other day Dead Weight. Decent
Any colleges switching or thinking about switching from a summer orientation to a pre-classes fall orientation program?
steroids.. Are you talking about Sammy Sosa again, or did you forget about him...
nice win
haha, but you get off early a lot lol cx
great meeting you guys tonight at MoDev!
but its so much work..
Today is the 100th Anniversary of Titanic!
well good luck my love!! I know you'll do great!!
I have heard nothing from Google yet. I am sure it might be a while.
watching Kim from the RHOA at a firing range holding a gun, scares me. and not for the right reasons.
Interesting to see that responded almost instantaneously w/ an apology for the commercials. Impressive, even if automated.
Be patient even if it takes too long.
WTF! Now shes pretending to be Kenya I wat to fuck Tami up right now!
They say retweetin Poised Creation is might give you a higher IQ!!!
Forgot how good stories of a stranger is
just go take one socks and stuff it the trumpet.
seems a reasonable reaction at this point
I thought McGee was Gunna get called for goal tending lmfao
$350 airfare credit per room at any Sandals or Beaches property. Book now for travel in 2012.
Like. Is that the whole thing? Or a piece of it?
How many of you have a tattoo of your favorite sports team???
My family & I stayed @ a rental home in your beach community & we LOVED IT! My daughter loved it too! Her name is Olivia! :-)
Good Morning Please take a second to follow TMC Records® CEO & President
"Let no one who loves be unhappy, even love unreturned has its rainbow." James M. Barrie
that's the hardest thing. I have to do it a LOT and it can be insanely rewarding or exasperating
I NEVER wear makeup.
thank you Brandi!!!
Anyone have any trips planned this summer? Will you drive or fly?
#KPUHuntsman Huntsman on Dems: "That Huntsman guy, he's a Republican I think I could support. That's when I knew we were toasted"
Make each day of the week like #Friday and your life will take on new enthusiasm. ~Byron Pulsifer
Is a recount still likely? When Democrat Kathleen Falk lost race for Atty Gen in 2006 by 8859 votes, she did not ask for one.
New phone bitches:D
there goes the last fuck i gave...
Rose are perfectly beautiful. Rosie is perfect AND beautiful. #FollowFriday (via )
Happy #ecomonday! Green tip of the day: consider taking public transportation instead of driving!
I do not understand this word, "share."
Good morning luvs!!!!!
Emma Stone just dunked on Ben Stiller again!!
ok then watch the other NEW vid i sent you plz plz plz im going to send u one each day
nigga you gay.
do I know you?
Don't forget, we also have fenders in stock for the soggy days coming up!
To be fair, anyone would have done a double take upon seeing how the mayor's net worth rose by over 100 percent in four years (Rama i...
RT : Happiness is when what you think, what you say and what you do are in harmony - Ghandi
Tomorrow night 5:30-7PM @ MICA's Decker Gallery come to reception for "Abstracts" featuring 16 alumni artists
#Anonymous We are on the verge of Nuclear war with North Korea: FACT. Someone wants to make their dead Daddy proud. Look closer.
"we've got an army." "we've got a hulk."
Maybe next time Jefferson won't fight someone before the season..
I'll be at the Chicago Roundtable [Int'l Ed. folks focusing on int'l students/scholars] meeting later today. Anyone else going?
yea man. What are you doing right now?
me too!!! Everybody b sure to vote everyday! :)
you are the freaking man
thanks for celebrating #JAM with jazz artist stamps, we appreciate you acknowledging the artists contributions
I hate the AFMC
Robert Pianta is beginning his #elnmeeting keynote.
Jersey Shore > homework right now.
When a company credits you hundreds of dollars in apologies over the years, you know they're doing quite a lot wrong. And so do they.
Hodgson won&#39;t excite the fans, claims England Supporters Club member
What was the best college graduate advice that we should share with Pedro?
Can't stop thinking about 17 Super Bowl ads being Shazamable. Does this make TV ads clickable? Immediately measurable? Its gonna be fun!
Why stop now, I can have EVERYTHING!!
Just moved the book into the Completed First Draft folder. What a good feeling!
Heading back from France. An amazing week of new discoveries. Praying everyone will be protected in the storms.
as hiphop marketing advice for fellow south african hip-hop headz,what's your mp3 email address thank u.
oh fashion designers, why do you overflow my twitter. <3
oh okay, thanks for the update. I was in the gym, and could only see the score. We need him, he need to work that out soon!
lol hell yea
thank you :)
AND...You're STILL SEXY...stop with thinking YOU'RE NOT ALREADY..ha ha...YOU'RE EVEN HOT...lol
Authors and writers I have decided to follow:
nothing chica you just have a thirst.for life. Stay hydrated and healthy ya dig.
Those late night text messages where you confess everything... Yeah, i like those.
Merely hoping for others' happiness on this pagan holiday celebrating the winter solstice, that's all. Not arrogant, not judging.
hmm, I wonder who you're talking about...
Me too! I saw it in theaters when it came out, & I've seen it 1k times since, but to get to see it on the big screen again?!
delete all bad memories
I think they are on to something.. want to work it out more for "Qué Casualidad' #mcn2012 #hugs dress.
I've got to be the only person on the planet who likes carrots but despises carrot cake
Does anyone think one tree is kinda wierd so far hahah?
I win!
yes I do thankyou
took a lunch break for the first time in ~30 days.
so how's your state tonight?
Interesting theme emerging at #ISOJ12: #Journalists are losing their (illusion) of objectivity and seeking to become part of their community
100% agree, a small portable gps attachable device (also good for remotes and KEYS)
colleague seeking writings on "efforts to save material culture that takeplace outside of standard institutional support or methods." ideas?
I'm surprised you could even type that joke tells me people from eaton cant read or write
Twitter for iPhone update let's you see follows & faves of friends. Remember: RT biz stuff, star funny stuff, but not porn!
Really exciting stuff RT : We're at Newburgh MS in Louisville, ready for the 'My Digital Life' launch event w/
if all you're going to do is constantly put me down, i don't need you in my life. simple as that.
Y-E-S! Let's build a sandlot in GH RT> Who just submitted permits for Summer Grass and Sand Volleyball....
who wanna skype me????
good attitude! lol
On tomorrow is + special Viewer Fantasy Football draft. Submit your team name now via Twitter
Most publicity is sponsored by professional magazine/news.This paid propaganda is used2promote psuedo-artists&corporate sponsored agendas!!!
Showing some signs of life! How about in Ottawa?
Out today on family emergency! If all goes well I will be back at work tomorrow!
theres a certain service for that? lol
Unlimited Time Off policies are all the rage. Mainly because they favor the employer....yes they do believe it or not.
I have filmed inside prisons but have never witnessed this. Absolutely horrific.
#We will make your custom suit, prom, bridal and children dresses in two days or your money back. W.bindahouse -9164290403
thank you Family. www.MourningsideProductions.net you can cop em there and we will hook you up somehow!
ROCK ON! wish I there!
Lol oh OK!
BTW the CC0 recommendation was in the context of data sharing, but here we are talking about literature as data ...
we're so old. granny fans~
Chose the Houdini exhibit at the Jewish museum over Kim Kardashian shopping w her basketball giant in meatpacking...good choice
I know what you mean! Love you much and call if you need me!! XO
Do only old women wear shoes from Aerosoles? Tried on some mad confortable ones today that were actually cute.
WE GET IT IN TILL SIX IN THE MORNING
if you had to start your musical taste all over again with no memories of your past, that's what you should listen to now. end nostalgia
Just got out of church
thanks! She's pretty sweet :)
Hope it hit you hard. Just sayin.
what book is that?!?
What's up with the game on #fsnwisconsin. College hockey? Wtf
Phone about to die.
Bad day for Beantown. Patriots & Red Sox both lose. Go Broncos!! 5-0!!!
Just scored 2 free tix to Great Lake Swimmers tonight.
Streetlight Manifesto cures all.
You look so different! In a good way lol
YES! Not goin to school tomorrow!
Download the FREE Houston Criminal Lawyer App in the itunes store! NEVER ride dirty without your Attorney again. Attorneyoncall - 24/7
Anyone catching STRUCTURES in Bloomington on Monday?
all I can say is I'm proud of my panthers! Coach you did an awesome job,and to the players,thanks for making us believe again.
it was one of those good days (: hbu ? (:
It seems like my love for my talented idol grows more and more each day i just can't wait to meet her& sing with her one day
Dear Fall, I'm madly in love with you. Jesus
Who Wanna Chill!(:
where are you?
Try this again >.<...finding out is following me made my day or night..?...yeah anyways hi people xD
We first make our habits, and then our habits make us." - John Dryden
<U+FFFD>The Creative Power within us makes us into the image of that to which we give our attention
IGNORE WAT THOSE SAY BOUT U AS LONG AS U NOW THE TRUTH... DONT LET IT GET TO U
No, south America
getting readt to party it up major pool party!!!! And amazing HOT guys with thier shirts off oh baby ;) lol
Is there any way to track your play count on #Spotify like in iTunes?
(Rich) Was bad about tweets during investigation - wrapped up in it and only 3 people. No activity - hid from us. But, client feels better
Still no guarantee that I'll be on a jury though I hear they like librarians.
Colin baby! So handsome ;)
Checking out all the grand functionality of the Boost library.
Anyone have Pintrest? I want an invite!!
Forgiveness is love. Love is all.
can't wait man!
Great Spurs win tonight, but we never found Glen Coco! :(
do you know how many pictures had to be on each page in our books for yearbook?
'ours' does! (or so I'm told).
If I won Mega Millions I'd probably blow it all on cigars!!!
Oh Chris carrabba! I love when you scream!
Arguably the best film about an automaton in a1930s Paris railway station you'll ever see...
Hi new friend! Just wanted to wish you a happy weekend! xoxoxo
Free Shipping for all sales over $100.00 today! Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 7598.
EW....... i don't want dougs dick coming to culvers with us.......
Wheels. Spinning.
No one else is as happy as me that the Packers won the Super Bowl! :) -Tom
Resisting the urge to go out and waste money by doing something that I've put off for far too long: cleaning.
Clean Start Cleanse: $69 intensive, deep colon cleansing. Removes buildup that nothing else can touch! My favorite! In wild berry
Best #Irene statistic: two people reportedly lost power in Manhattan.
I want to get a tatoo
HAHA!! i will
you are absolutely gorgeous, I can't even. c': #muchMahomielove <3
I hate being broke. -_-
w00t! Good girl. Leave it to an archivist.
true I know you'll take care of him. He's not in Valdosta anymore hahaha hit me up next week I will talk to some guys for u
"Turns out I already have these shoes...actually thats not really funny" #CongratsJB :D
Now I feel i've overgeneralized by not wanting to single this poor soul out.
It's time for me to let you go, but I'll be thinking about you...
Envoy eqpd 757 is a nice surprise on a domestic, but not sure these seats are a competitive TATL business product.
TWITTER IS LIKEA MILK COW SUCK MY TWITTER! ROFL
Weights done. 4 miles ran. Need to shower and get to work. Friday is starting slow.
Love Nephew! It's Reppin Time! RT : S/o unc His avi is tha coldest
long history of oppression.
CTIA Wireless' call for speakers closes tomorrow 11/7
rain has arrived! hope it breaks this muggy humidity.
I called you back. You're probably knocked out as I type this.
OKC Party Bus wants a new company logo. Please submit your designs and if yours is selected you will receive $400 plus a free 4 hour party!
how your day been beautiful?
Gotta keep your space clean...for real.
needs to learn to keep his twig on tha ground, my chin is mad swollen.... ur lucky i dont need stiches
hey r u guys home yet? :)
Dude, are you stalking my Twitter?
RT : Dove Body Wash will have u sniffing the shit outta yo self cuz u smell so good
Anyone else getting a feeling that something big is happening with Hyatt Regency Louisville on Tuesday?
John King just remembered that Gingrich and Paul are there too.
Snappin on some bomb Blueberry Headband Thanks to the homie SS Dawg from Green Gardens.
Not only does Terry Bozzio look like Ralph Fiennes, just realized Megan Fox looks like Michelle Phillips...
Thank you for the opportunity to know you. Our website is healthpress.com, we are now connected on FB.
So I'm just sitting here on my laptop, when I look over and see a spider on the side of my computer! Scariest moment...
Brb, crying myself to sleep over the cancellation of my three favourite shows. If Thursday isn't sacred, nothing is.
Dude. Don't blow my cover. People down here are angry commenters.
people must think im so weird... especially these people that think they want to be my roommate next year
Mike: what is working: race & social justice initiative; nabe matching fund #seamayor #Wallingford Town Hall ^lb
Getting ready for church
I got to see this weekend! :)
Bears should have drafted Hightower...
badgers wore all red last year.... Only ALT that I know of
I think I actually sprained my n00b this weekend.
We can't have lap tops.... Meaning I actually have to take notes by hand ?
Happy Saturday and Happy Nutty Fudge Day!
Nice defense by the Hornets to smack the ball out of Gasol's hand for the fast break
hey ash wyd
That billboard is awesome!! How many Christians can't recognize the irony here?
You can't change how you feel about someone it just come natually
well you are just a helpful lil thing now aren't you? So I take it you deal with social networking and comps for work? Or fun?
Sorry to hear your having a stressful time. Hope things get better. (:
Starving that I can't even see straight
Indeed it is!
What did I get myself into ! ;p
wow lovely photos :) once i get onto flickr hope you dont mind if i follow you there!
4 sure that it's a big no I can tell U that I'm happy that it's a no :) of course I'm NOT mad Y would I I was simply asking U a
SOLO XQUZIT and BLAZE ON will be live at CLUB ADRIANNAS performing LIVE in the ACE HOOD CONCERT
ONE DIRECTION IS ON MY RADIO. My babies...
Yes!! Say that PREACHA
"I think the epilogue of my book will be called Neither Capitalism nor Socialism: Eclecticism. Take inspiration from wherever you can."
Let Obama enjoy his vacation in Peace! He needs to recharge like everyone else.
I'm enjoying Scandal
Heading to the condo then maybe using this gift card up!
“If you judge people, you have no time to love them.” - Mother Teresa
#dateline always sucks me in. :/
How much does it cost the federal gov to print up a million dollars? now ask yourself how long does it take for us to make it.
Get High As A Plane
Commercials now? really? is this going to be like the NFL playoffs again?
Death, Don’t be Rash There are two situations that are difficult for anyone, divorce and death. In both, someone that was a crucial piece
It wasn't bad, but if you choose to see it, keep an open mind. Also, you know who Bradley Whitford is, so stop lyin'.
#PlaidTuba I'm not sure that whiskey and cream filled donuts would be terrible.
I Hope I Can See Him This Weekend(: <3
Songdo S. Korea "One of world's greenest cities" city of future w/ highest standard of living in world.
bout time lol
you're redesign is trying way to hard. don't mess with what works, great photos, good recipes and honest conversation.
Uh oh, thinks I'm frequently bored at work. Gotta be more enthusiastic-looking
Saturday Night!! Come party!
Going to miss $8 third row lower level seats -
ok right now i think we shoud thank the person who invented google cause i would probably b lost without it lol :)
in #Denver with my girl visiting
Didn't mean to throw the cat amongst the pigeons.
Great day! Making some phone calls and reviewing our planned gifts acceptance policy : )
good morning from one of your biggest fans in Cleveland :) hope you enjoy your day love :)
The DC book is Skipping a Beat. Another one that looks good and is recommended all over is Maine. Happy Reading!
Welcome to the weekend.
Looking forward to CES Jan 2011 Offering special Rates for Rooms at 8 different properties in Vegas www.myvegaspeople.com
Great to see you on Sat. AM. What book title did you have in front of ya?
T1: I also love when a blog/blog post makes me think about something in a way I haven't before.
- Boy I Knw Ya Whole Background.. betta Sit Yo Punk Ass Dwn!
Yeah, them! LOL
the best time to be asked to open your bag at a metal detector is obviously when you have a brush full of hair in it
sounds lame, but can you email me steps to reproduce and I'll forward it along to the mobile team?
Performing tonight at the Harlem Tavern with the sugartone brass band. 7-10 free 99
My phone too dry ! Lol .
Are you looking for new or old? Have you seen 3:10 To Yuma? Very good.
Need a new, cost effective way of generating leads? Check out our Unlimited Leads platform - Contact us at 866.460.6611
YOU SAID CAPS GET UR ATTENTION . PLEASE FOLLOW ME ! <33
We have a tool for you that may be beneficial to you and your clients! It's called the environmental risk summary report!
Still searching for a ticket for tonight. If anyone has or knows of an extra let me know
I'd rather talk to you. No offense, Thomas. :)
Great to see my boy Alex and my nephew Scott and all their friends at Scotland Yard tonight. Thank you all for comin out. Good times.
I'm pregnant
Two words, but I'd be willing to negotiate it down to one.
Watching the #UFC fight! Loving this! Such a precise sport...
Oh dear!
Charlize Theron: &#39;I would jump off a building for Kristen Stewart&#39;
Totes understandable. RT It's my dream to make Rahm mad. And to do things w/ him that may tarnish journalistic objectivity.
I'm tryng real hard. Building a biz IS hard & expected. If U like my prdct frm events 2 wall decor, any hlp wi new fllwers wud B magnifique!
For country and Dunkin.
thank you Pam!
Im a free spirit
Wings baby! The Joe is on fire tonight and the Red Wings need this! 3-0 Wings!!
“Hola I want to ‘Dance Again’ with & ‘Like How It Feels’ with on their US tour!”
True! But especially those two. They make me stop && stare && I might drool a little. lOl!
Just found out the kid gets to spend a day at Fox film making 1 sheets for movies. She is stoked
Nope! Only three weeks. The April chat was late.
No, the Worcester County DA is still investigating. No new updates though.
He's playing John Mabry
well theirs a knife. And theirs an arm.
not feeling to good. but ima get up, .. got shit to do.
Exposition park has launched a common raft patched together like a crazy quilt of old mattresses, blow-up pools, and trash bins
I bike to work because it's so much faster than driving or Metro: 15 min drive; 20-35 min Metro---and i get the cal burn.
Attending Annual Library Trustee Worksop. Great participation and great discussion.
Great compliment, back at you. :)
its not like anything else could get worse this week.
Your welcome dude! Let me know when your next show goes on
that's what i like to hear!
12 Angry Men in Black
Hah. Shelby, which is where my parents live, is No. 1. And they don't even have public water...
Lets go cp3 bash these niggas
Films by Michael Bay...
RT : Sometimes the best way to get some ones attention is to stop giving them yours.
MISS YOU GUYS!!!! Have a good day too love! Love you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
seems like you're
Today in 1848, Dorothea Dix presents a request to Congress asking for a fund to be used for care of the mentally ill.
Thanks for the follow. Should be a great end-of-the-year party!!
Lost like 9 followers .
Totally just blew my husbands mind by singing along and air guitaring master of reality in its entirety.
Go Brew Crew!!! About to take the playoffs by storm.
: if you get the job, let me know. I can then live through you. ;-)
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile tell her that she's beautiful!!!
what about the class of 2012? When will our commencement speaker be announced?
All I wanna know is, wth am I eating tonight?!?!
just wanted to say i wrote a song bout us and wanted u to hear...
So many tech problems at the presentations..We need nerds!
Really who didn't know LeBron James was going to win a M.V.P. this year over Derrick Rose #HeatNation 3Mvp in the last 4years
My life=zero bullshit. That's awesome.
I do believe you are correct.
dont worry ima get that tho no official date
WELL BITCH whatcha gonna do
Thanks so much for the so! Have a lovely Tuesday :)
Best of luck to Katherine Malak who played ZORA in our August workshop. She's up for an Ovation Award tonight!!
you home??
'From Prada to Nada" and "Justin Bieber, Never say Never!"??... My Netflix doesn't know me at all...
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "BOSKO" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
ill come look for u tommorow
Is today the Derby?
I don't blame Spaz, he didn't hire himself I blame Gene D. He's afraid to hire a good coach because he can't control them.
I finished my University of Washington app today... now the nerves will be setting in.
David Kahn is a smart man.
WOW go check out Dylan Hyde on YouTube this kid is FANTASTIC !!!!!!! follow him he's really cute also :)
The Pete Escovedo Latin Jazz Orchestra at the Rrazz Room at Hotel Nikko, San Francisco, Fri, December 10, 8pm
Just pulled the Gin-Lavender cake out of the oven, smells amazing can't wait for the taste test!
Mike is the hottest thing in my school but andre told him im obsessed with him and he tried to talk to me and i ran away bc hes so fricken
Whoever Broke Adele's heart, made her rich as hell.
Thanks for the RT.
ok. U scaring me. Headed to wisconsin next weekend.
Waking up slow.
was it good?
I love when my phone blows up with your tweets(: Notice mee?!
I am a happy Rangers hockey fan rooting for the Devils right now.
breaking: clipper nick young at dinner with grizzly gilbert arenas at LA live. #fraternizingwiththeenemy #clippernation (cc )
How high was your highest jump?
Kottoras strikes out ... Marcum could have done that too.
Just realized the Turkey I got for Thanksgiving is still sitting in the freezer. Anyone want to cook this bird for me? I'll give you half!!
It's raining like crazy outside <U+2614>
The sound of weeding in a library is 50 times louder than it is in your garden. Hello Monday!
'Mixin' is an ugly, terrible word
going to c 2 Brewer games for my birthday this weekend, better be in the lineup. Go !
Excellence is an attitude that greatly multiplies the value of all the skills you have.(Very true)
Kentucky walk ons trying to squeeze to the front of the stage. Respect.
Follow Bison Express at
Lmao don't tell me what to do.
#YouShouldBeEmbarrassed to call a company "Qwikster."
So ... I take this quiz right ? And at the end it doesn't show the results .. Wtf is up with that ??? ._. <U+2665>
i'm sorry do i know you?
you've got '.con' instead of '.com' in the arena breakdowns 'go to website' link
that is one of the best heats ever !!!!!!
Every pitch answers three questions: What?, So What?, Now What?. via
Advance Your Career with One of Linfield College's Online Certificates Made ... - Seattle Post Intelligencer
um.. Doubt that!
Never seen so much talent in 1 day! Killer job by all of those who auditioned today. 5 more to go tomorrow, with
Whereupon we both lamented our negligence in not rearing up a numerousprogeny to help us in this day of need
Let me tell you that you taste like a good time.
lol. how, you're a woman.lol
PLEASE FOLLOW?? :D it would mean the WORLD to me and ;) #RNGeezies <3
- Lol. Well I just recently started wearing briefs so I don't have a whole lot of pics for those yet. Haha.
im ggonna be famous when i grrow up and when i get famous im gonna make u famous
May have to avoid Internet until 2013.
Batman Beyond my nigga.
ask me a question. i ll give you an answer
i hope and pray i can go
O_O....what's the deal?
hey Greg, teed up "Design for Education" as #brightspot tonight, featuring Bertie County, NC
CAN U DM ME SOMETHIN THATLL MAKE ME SMILE?(: well I'll smile if u dm me anyway...I'll scream and smile to my ears
That's a shame, but good for you!
Where are you? I grew up on Clark Hill Road!
Hello Sarah, Ever tried plain yogurt? It has a yucky taste.
Louisville would have probably beat OSU or KU tonight.
FUSCO U! NICKS MINE
no - in the installation context, precalculation was no problem. i think sigmund~ can do faster-than-rt, though untested by me.
I hate sugarcoating!
Get 'em tomorrow
I always order things that are white chocolate... I think it's because I love white women with booties
will do. How was your Cinco de Mayo?
lol, they called me in for ten o'clock. I'm here until 6:30
Welcome, and Happy Anniversary. We're so glad you chose to celebrate here.
I never Really thought about my job at a stable and myself being a brony as coincidental or weird. Just two things that hppnd tht dont cnnct
she can't Adele did her thang tonight
Things I say everyday: I want a dog. But especially so today - this weather is amazing!!
Marine Corps to discharge sergeant for Facebook posts critical of President Obama
it's been a while since I've updated my iPhone. any new iPhone apps you would recommend?
do you stay in Philly for the summer? Come back to Minny. Need to see you out and about somewhere.
karaoke tonight in Ravenswood. Let's see what you got!
SEC is the only other viable option for #FSU and that is still not very likely at all.
me fone buzzed & i saw & favorited ur tweet so hade a heart attack then realized it was YOU!!! IHATEYOU:'(
Trying to figure out if the #widgetized page #templates for new #theme should be a #plugin "add-on" for only those who wish to use them.
RT : RT : "Better than a thousand hollow words is one word that brings peace." -Buddha
Hey dude buddy.
trust us- not what we wanted - very upset- our Merch Co has called in IT help - doing what we can to fix!
Thanx to and for plan to vote against bill.
Bush, Search Party of three, you can eat when you find the Dufresnes.
not really, its not like water. Its hard to explain tho. But its not painfull.
Fashion Inc. says "Too tight is not always right!"
Pacers Arena looks like a bumblebee meeting
fresh guacamole is my weakness
Wore the white uniform today, so proud that I didn't get it super dirty. #success. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
ah such love and sweetness from you!
Up early writing
i need a good long day at the beachh, yep yep
hey berner! did your piece air on mtv yet??
AH SOO EXCITED TO SEE U !!!!
OK, stating this Twitter thing (again). Work with me here...
From Heavier storms moving out of Sheboygan & moving into Washington & Waukesha Counies
So what's the buzz on the new iPad? Has Apple hit the mark or fallen short? How does this newest iPad compare to the Droid tablet ?
Watching the Godfather. I can never decide which murder is funnier, McClusky's or Moe Green's
yaaah. But im not trying to date him again. Im just going to stay single for a while.
Gotta love DVR
Kush & Orange Juice >>>
Love and Fear cannot occupy same space
I have literally spent the entire day editing projects, and I'm not done yet. I don't know whether to be proud or depressed.
Off to work... Counting the seconds till Friday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
First day of spring but feels more like summer. I am def okay with that.
<U+266B> NEW MUSIC: Chris Brown F/ Rihanna – “Turn Up the Music” (Remix)
Happy NEW YEAR !!!
meh not yet.. i think a staffing place is gonna find me one. we'll see tuesday!
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet follow me follow me tweet tweet TRY TO TREND IT PLEASE RT come on =]
Does Nicki Minaj try to sound like a complete idiot.. Or is this seriously what is considered "music" these days. I'm confused.
Just finished up our holiday "card" order! Can't wait to see them!
Yes, Mike Francesca, lots of tweets are inane. But many would argue that your show is as well.
that's not the way to Newport ;)
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 31
Watching WKC dog show. Want every single dog - except toy poodle. Can't have a pet with more involved hair than me.
Damn what i do now ? RT : is still phony <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
High expectations are the key to everything
Id cry but I'm dehydrated.
Help there is a VERY scary man checking me out at the Rouses not good!!!
pretty name! :)
Patron #LoyaltyWeek runs thru Mar. 24th. We’re engaging in dialogue about developing longer, stronger patron relationships all week long.
“: Before Kemp. Before Gwynn. Before Aaron. Before Mays. There was Jackie #42”. Wow....talk about elite company for Matt kemp.
Does anybody know some indie artist with great music? Dm/Tweet me! I'd really appreciate it! :)
's hair matches my hair... when I wake up in the morning. <3 #gottalovethosebrunettelocks (;
Jack has a commercial he has to shoot tomorrow !Happy for him.
just tried my first toaster strudel... so damn good!
"Knock knock.. Who's there? Me! Me? "F#ck this! Yo quiero taco bell"
Or some of the thinkers that I'd imagine you would call radical and/or violent for that matter.
are they rocking the cardigan?
Nice..When the real funk gets up on u for real... Time to go
You'd look like a tweet jacker anyway. That is old
Sponsors making final pitch for sales tax holiday to Sen Finance Comm.
There might be Reebok markings on it.
He's the brains of that outfit. ;-)
Lovin' this rain!
Take me dancing, get me fucked up. Play that old guitar and we will sing. -
Thanks for the RT!
Best Cartoon Show Ever???????
may day assist the families of fallen police in the line of duty. RT us plz
How do you use your weekends?
RT : Just finished up an interview w/ for about #ETO presents concert at
I'm getting all jazzed up about it now!
;) RT : I think Barney alone cd help us dress ev student in The Cara Program
OOPS, you've got to say "towns and cities" not "counties." You're a New Englander like me, you know that.
Bounced in Rd of 32. Like me :) Tough field this year. No gimmes in the single-elim bracket
always bud!!!
you're very welcome. :)
Thanks, Caitlin! And thanks for the great new post!
Do you live near an Arby's by chance?
Saturday night. Pizza and bad scifi movies at home. That's how we roll.
Time for a good ol' nap!
Sign up for the new fusion classes at www.PilatesPlusPB.com. SPX/TRX & SPX/Booty Barre! Lots of fun stuff in August! :)
“: I wonder what a dunk contest between vince carter and jason richardson would look like now....”.<<< left handed lay ups
#ThingsYouShouldNotSay ask someone if they are pregnant when it turns out they are just fat.
thank you for teaching me to never say never , &' stand up for my dreams &' do what i want &' keep pushing no matter what . (:
I'd like to thank the guys who mugged my friend for finally giving me a reason to walk around the neighborhood with my samurai sword
Rocktagon MMA announced today that In 2011 the organization will expand their Elite Series to include Amateur and Professional MMA bouts.
Listening to Darrell Bazzell discuss budget models under #uwnbp and PA. Wish more folks were here to hear about monumental change for campus
Friedens Community Ministries is reminding you to stop by Verizon Wireless at Bayshore Mall and check out our DISCOUNTS FOR DONATIONS promo!
Woohoo Opening Day,O's...here I come!!
Any tweet > "Wow" tweet.
Wow the Tigers got killed today (again), they must really suck right?
Just took a HIV test. Its better to know then not too.. Okai Haiti
Go Jags!
thank you for the #FF and the laughs!
Stressing over my Fantasy Football semi-finals lineup.
basically, im pumped
that guy has such an epic name and I never use the word epic! lol.. Happy birthday Jason! =)
This girl is trippin'xD Damn.
“: I like women with class..” and the ass. Wait what? Are you comin to Idaho this summer with your dad and Jules? We will make him
All my friends at Kentucky, be safe.
Hey everybody, come see how good I look. :)
That sounds pretty awesome!
Next year have student voices and provide students the ability to give suggestions. They know how they learn best.
Thanks for letting me know hun! Sad there's no live stream tho. Hopefully videos will be up on YouTube for us to see later. :)
Working on my taxes and trying not to get frustrated, UGG!
its just a novella, it was free on my kindle and I couldn't help myself! I hate to say it, but its good so far...
miss you too! I've been pretty good, you?
sorry, we had to cancel February's #20MAAB. hope to be back next month after the ADDYs
Really bad night for Granger. #PacersPlayoffs time Danny! C'mon now!
Met the after the show in Frederick MD and they are such nice guys! Thanks for a cool show! Thanks for the guitar pick & ball.
haha I'm jealous! (:
Patients meet with our surgeons at the very first visit. We perform a thorough evaluation to determine the safest procedure for your eyes.
LOL That's exactly what said in their email this morning!
Not yet. First we gotta get Jones going and the rest of the offense.
money may not buy happiness, but it sure makes misery much easier to live with
US created only 119,000 jobs in April, down from 211,000 in March. We need to create 275,000 monthly to reduce unemployment. Good job BO!
Love that place. Food is incredible.
& now you're on an open road, long gone i cant have you back.
is the best n always makes me feel better!!!! I lovee youu n so grateful to have u in my life!!!!
More fun! “: Office supply cabinet is out of pens. But we have colored pencils!!! What every journalist needs, of course.”
Not a single member of the #Reds lineup is over .300
I said it mussttt be cuz a nigga got doe...
. Both the cheers & the jeers are usually reductionist
Hospital. Neck pain. Hungry. Ugh :\
2/3. Not bad at all! One more to go...
i want to follow me :(
Lakers have to stop Mohawk Moses
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. Les Brown
Countdown to the #MaryMary premiere on is underway! 7 days to go!
Whoever's in charge of telling old men when they have weird, long hairs growing out of their eyebrows/ears should be fired.
Because of a great donor, new trees are going up around campus. Older trees r being removed & replaced by fresh, but mature trees.
Today was rough....
Ah, gotcha. Have you looked at the pre-compilation in handlebars.js? That's what I've switched to for now.
Hah, unfortunate timing. Twitch.tv went down right after we started trying to stream for the first time :P
If it's still in your mind, it's still in your heart
yes but not exclusively--mostly generational ethnic/racial identity issues.
That's one of the first things I want to do if I get another teaching job - dance lessons. I have no moves. None.
i don't think "typo" means what AP thinks it means.
The nicer someone is, the farther away (s)he is from you.
such a thrill to view the proof of an article in-press! all those hours of work finally looking like something official!
Great, great week for FSU. RT : Go Noles! First UNC, now Duke!
What's your preferred term to encompass all users of #opengov data? "Developers" too narrow, "citizens" too broad, "3rd parties" too vague.
FOLLOW ME.... MISS ALEXIS TODD!! I AM SHOOTING FOR 1000 !! LETS DO THIS.. SPREAD THE WORD!! THANKS
Now I cee why my so called pops left after the mother turns the kids on the father there is nothing left no love +no respect =no family
That is too cute. And yes, that was also me.
If ur in the middle of sex.. N it isnt good WHAT WOULD U DO?
how bout as throwback unis.
Just show me the $money$ Bitches $C.P.C$ I do this shit
OH: I looked up your website and now what is the dog's name?
Dam bugs
Thursday Wind Down! White Wines of Washington, Vioginier, Pinot Gris & Chardonnay!
I'm following the first 10 people to follow
Go to sleep oh I put a post on your girl text saying you looking at a girl on my page lol so go to sleep meathead
Basketball < anything
Ok, I think I've done enough stalling/working. Time to work out! It's lower body today folks!!!
Backup your electronic devices often. You never know when the restore function will come in handy.
You are welcome to use any of the other locations like and , also in the west end.
I've been away checking in whats going on ?
sorry can't. Don't do FB.
I don't like being sick, I don't like fevers, & I don't like knowing I'm gonna be in bed all day.
Jim's Journal strips on are totally "phresh" or at least that's what the marketing dept. tells me.
'im not gonna pull out. No matter what' "whoa... Damien... That causes babies"
That is very true, the sad thing is that they are often envied and their emotions are minimized
Hipsters please go home. You're all trying way too hard.
Got Ths Cold Ass Sprite Tho (:
thanks for the encouragement; Fedora + µservices seems less scary and more possible than i had thought
If you are watching BostonMarthon run into the closest Shaw's of Whole Foods Market / buy two Gleukos / give one away /
Honor other people<U+FFFD>s thoughts, wishes and words .. Never interrupt another or mock or rudely mimic them
Thanks for the introduction! And nice to meet you!
Holy sh*t Game of Thrones!
New taco bell promo: Whenver Eric Decker scores a touchdown, you get a free double decker from 4-6 at your participating Taco bell
And I thought Wisconsin's state government had it out for women. Texas really outdoes us.
The largest UK alumni base outside of KY is in Atlanta. UK always draws well there.
I love RN74. almost more than mm itself.
Jake nd Chewy both still gave me my hug, kiss, nd tld me dey love me...i cant wait to get off wrk nd go hme to dem
The #Yankees are the only #MLB team yet to win or lose a low-score game (i.e., games w/scores of 1-0, 2-0, 2-1, 3-1 or 3-2).
I have problems too, y'know! xD LOLOL
": #SomePeopleNeedTo stop trying to change who they are just to please someone else."
Thoughts ? MT : Is Facebook the next MySpace? I notice fewer people posting... My news feed was all page posts this am.
now i followed you? lol
buenos :D
does that clear room for Califf???
is on her way to pick up her mom's SUV and get doughnuts for her movers.
Wow fb now suggests pokes?! Thats crazy!!! I want to publicly suggest you not poke me! So silly! Why?!!! Ugh!
Need to hit da Booth
Check out iconicweb.net Get informed about anything dealing with music/photography!
Enjoying the day despite being at work
my pleasure! (Literally). ;-) thanks for the mention. It was an honor and privilege to have been chosen! LOVE
So bored. Going to draw myself some tattoos w/ liquid eyelines since I dont find the sharpy. Gonna make myself a sleeve lol
your poor boyfriend is gonna be broke!
Having fun connecting with cool, creative peeps on Karmalicity
i'm sure you wouldn't! :P
Ugh. Left my cell phone at home. Don't you hate it when that happens?
We'll have worship in the Student Lounge this coming Monday. We'll still meet at 8pm! See you there.
Hope + both like their packages from RK! <3
We can create a more sustainable, cleaner and safer world by making wiser energy choices. ~Robert Alan
Nov 15, I will be on Quad-Cities #KWQC TV6 to promote #americarecyclesday and talk about my new concept in selling #recycled art.
we do our best. :)
They are all that crabby for a while. Then they talk back... oh what did I do?? ;)
what up stranger? How u been?
trees swayin in the summer breeze...
Neva thought iwould be a grown ass woman , still shopping in the kids section -__- #GottaGetMyWeightUp !
Cruising around the city with a friend of mine.
Live for you, not someone else<3
Any good #RaiseYourSleeve stories out there for a Friday night?
Tweet 2000 goes to tho she stunts about marriage I know the real truth hahahahaha
They were very relevant topics and the responses were on point, just going forward for next time. Overall excellent tweetup!
my hipster wife is on her way to the hospital with severe burns in her mouth because she tried to to eat my lasagna before it was cool
She say she love me what Eva that is
oh spencer, I love you<3
at least it's still senior year! haha
following back hun!
I knew you would be. I'm looking forward to it like a redneck on NASCAR day
Headed to the #LevineMuseum soon. Gonna bring #DreamingofDixie to life!
RT : Whatever you enjoy, you improve. Enjoy where you are, and suddenly where you are has more value.
them camo pants still in there?
haha yay! That's great :) Party time, I wish I was in town so we could go dance the night away at Club K-town!! Miss that place
This chain letter movie is doing it all wrong you can't kill the sexy guy first like wtf.
will be tonight!!! Hit me up at 702.782.8763 for #bottle service / #vip table
"we push code several times a day and then look at graphs afterwards" umm, yeah, i've been doing this for almost a decade.
I can't even think about this.. Just bothers me hahaha
Wow New Castle is still unbeaten this season.
there was a nice article about you in bucks county courier times about tweeting. Website is phillyburbs.com check it out
Thanks for the follow Culinary Trend (CulinaryTrend)! :)
LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH
:) haha ya. im good and u?
Today's the day! Celebrate 10 years of nameless sound in Houston at "sources & echoes": menil collection, 2:30 to 9 pm. Free!
go get 'em bud.
Privileged today to see (sub 4.4) & (62-65) put on a clinic at pro day.
Clay Cain, VISD, attorney: You cannot give Ms. Jaynes the reassignment she is seeking because you do not have the authority to do so.
Know a graduating senior who hasn't receive the recognition he/she deserves? Let us know! E-mail us at
Show me your tan line.. I'll show you mine <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
I wish mcdonalds delivered.
WHEN I SEE ONE OF THOSE .GIF TUMBLRS THAT USES THIS "JOKE" FORMULA AND I'M ALL [farts]
texted you lol
Didnt break a sweat but she's soaking wet
Baby I love you I never want to let you go the more I think about the more I want to let you know that everything you do is super duper cute
Good Morning from little BIG, Rhode Island!
is having fun practicing Petrushka :) love Stravinsky!
I'm very proud of you and have been inspired by your Lenten sacrifice...
LOL. She thinks she's so good.
x bolehlah babe. I keluar celebrate mothers day with my mummy :}
Just watched Glee... totally hooked! Brings back the memories of my high school show choir!
Also, I think those cupcakes will make a good breakfast.
Hear No Evil Ear Plugs @ www.kandizone.com
what happened to Nena!!
Roger Goodell is on a power trip. Not sure how you can suspend one player more than any others when they all participated.
stupid bitch hahahahhaha
Yeah I totally steered clear of the antenna.
Will pulling the sick kid card bolster Cena's popularity? Stay tuned.
yea right now I feel like I'm going to start to cry
Praise God!
Hey jon. My search button is acting kooky. I couldn't find you. Please follow and I will follow back. Ms. Walker. :-)
The question is, do I go to Alejandro's?
SO GLAD YOU'RE COMING!!! Big Umbrella Studios is at 906 Divisadero Street - I'll be there at about 7:30pm
High Tide is once again looking for an intern(s)... fun and educational. Send info to .
lovely and you
we're looking to expand our social presence on twitter and with the university. Retweet us to help us out! We'd really appreciate it!
nope.. So let's cross that off the list
Never follow your heart, always follow your mind!!!
You need to see Hunger Games.
RT “: I like dem freaky ass followers, kno what im talking bout, on my tl tweetin while dick up in dey mouth”
@ shelly, it isn't infuriated demagogues
thank you! :)
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 99
#facebookjustbought a big box of dignity. She didn't know what that was.
We're in love with Google+!! This may blow facebook out the water!
Got back to the hotel and the maid is still working on the room.
what?! Let's see!
so he's got a career .686 OPS in the minors, assume he's a defensive whiz? Either way, Tommy Manzella!!!!!
Being around so much failure just pushes me even harder to be the greatest there's ever been!
Nothing but Orc food in the cafeteria today.
Are you waiting for the world to change around YOU? Or are YOU willing to change the world around you? Coach Terry
6 days until Christmas. Better start thinking about maybe doing some shopping soon.
when your sideblog has more followers than your actual blog #thelife yay bitch3s
Eating food is better than having an amazing body
Do not try to put me into the "Jane Hoya" mold. I am an individual and don't you DARE put me in category if you mean it to DEMEAN me.
Viognier Wine Release this Sat free tastings & 20% off glasses & bottles of this new wine BS Sauce Co. will also have food samples.
That 350 limit is per OAuth token. You should have more leeway there. Cheers!
Absolutely. I tried the working for other people thing...Not my cup of tea.
Favorite show. I love the episodes when the same girl brings 5 guys on to be tested. Waiting for the episode they test the dog.
TGIF & Happy #FF Looking forward to running w/ Sunday!
It's awkward with the moderator interrupting & he talks a bit too much.
No junk no soul
last night = free margaritas, well done sir
Hope you feel better!
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
The NJIT Library staff is having its annual holiday luncheon at the Spanish Tavern today
So excited that is now accepting applications for 2012-2013! Will definitely apply.
Everybody on instagram just wants attention so show it back
did u or geordy call me from the house tonight? if so I was in class
it's funny!!!
Ann Parsons Odum is a profound artist and lifetime achiever & a lovely lady with a great sense of humor!
Up to 70% of wireless data originates indoors - wireline networks, unlicensed spectrum all part of the solution
Time for lightning talks. Stefanie is up first.
Nah, you just stop doing it duuh.
Did marketwatch go down for anyone else?
I'd just like to say that Eminem did amazing on the vma's, goodnight.
I'd be older by 2 minutes...
There's a kitty outside. It's mine now. I just named it pussy
I was a cold dude.. I'm getting back to my ways?!?! #truestory #nostress #Avenue "I'm just living my life"
Oh there we go again with the mother fucking perfect couples
lol right?!! nasty ass
yea that's right. I was too lazy to write Oconomowoc so I put MKE. I still can't believe that's a serious business name
Remembering the high cost of freedom this #MemorialDay. Thanks to all vets who've served and to the families of the fallen.
I spent 5 hours prepping for two classes this weekend. Was that efficient? How do I know. Does it matter if it is a new prep? A new course?
if your native and are a big Brotha u a dope muthafucka
Upon further review, yes, he was.
Ending night at Sticky Rice. Book it! :)
Part 2: New leads, ability to respond to customers quickly and efficiently, lower advertising costs. For starters. :) (see prev tweet)
Commuting 600 miles every week, leaving the country in two weeks, buying a second home, wife in the hospital indefinitely - what, me worry?
Stress Reliever..Pay your electric bill in pennies
That ball woulda been in center field if Yuni was still playing SS lol
In order to do a proper Jeff Bridges impression you'll first have to swallow a beard.
You're one of our FAVE fans - thanks so much! RT : Had a blast at First Date from Laughed til it hurt. Still laughing.
Headed to a film festival to watch my film ! If you're in LA and you'd like to join me, inbox me :)
We'll never fear the darkness, girl. We've got this golden road.
Need help. Playing draw something and all the person wrote/drew was "hunger games little sis." Whats the answer? Not a nerd, so I don't know
#10FactsAboutMe i wear my heart on my sleeve .
You have to be pretty conceded to have a pic of yourself as your screensaver ...
I saw the book fest advertised what is it exactly? I love books!
I forgive, but I never forget.
script, how are you? R u doing theatre again, or focusing on something else?
Nurse Jackie is worth the addiction!
The bandwagon deadline is over. We're not accepting applications at this time. Try again next season. Thanks, #GRIZZNATION #GNG committee
pun contest?
Having dinner at sylvias...
How do you define the Holocaust? Lots of different definitions. We all bring our own perspectives.
ha, mom said same thing when searching for me on videos. I was kneeling a lot to get out of press shots, so it's no wonder! :)
So were Breaking up??? No
I've heard Konz's When it comes to singing Creed, he's a great O-lineman. Hope #dirtybird is better.
Let's close our eyes and pretend we're in the 90's
Your welcome, Good morning to you as well
cheer up ! TOMMOROWS GUNNA ROCK ! bus buddies ?! :D
Very. So much faster to just say what's bothering.
Man, sounds great I definitely will! Where yat this weekend?
y'all better leave my cuz alone hey Cuz who u wanna go on today lol we got em !!!
ALbert Pujols hits 40th hr, 5th time he has done that in his career, Pujols is right up there with Ozzie Smith and Lou Brock IMO!!
If it's a broken part, replace it. If it's a broken arm, then brace it. If it's a broken heart, then face it.
only if you take it to excess.
Ok it's 3:00 am and time for bed for me I've got a busy day tomorrow hopefully blood work will be good. Have a great weekend. Night. <3 Shan
Camtasia allowing export of a single frame on the timeline from the scrubber position is fantastic
Thanks for the RT, Anne!
Think tankers! Anyone specialize in Healthcare Reform? Need data!
Can't believe its been 13 years since May 3rd, 1999 Oklahoma City F-5 tornado. A day that will never be forgotten.
Oh my gosh, look it's food! I love food!
When you say "don't look" everyone looks. but when you say "look" no one does."
Solid. RT : Hey #Bears tweeps, need your feedback for a post. Describe the Bears #draft in ONE WORD.
#Imagine: If u were watching the ball drop in NYC & then out of nowhere some1 steals a kiss from u , & u open ur eyes & it's
I can run circles around you so fast , your fuckin head will spin dawg
Rain barrels provides any household the means of acquiring no-cost water. Rain barrels can help with the high costs of utility bills.
When I came into the office there were 11 things on my "To Do" list. Now there are 23.
If anyone downloading the torrent has any issues let me know. I'm going to get the stream set up for the rest of our viewers.
im off next wednesday and saturday. like no school. no work. idk what im going to do with myself. i dont remember ever being OFF.
A great show at Dobbs tonight has been tarnished some. Prospect Hill's van was vandalized & things stolen. help us raise $ tonight for them!
How this kid is sleeping through these fireworks is beyond me.
you were nervous? Lmao.
i just idk what to do with myself rn okay
There's valet parking outside First Watch. That seems like overkill for moderately priced modern brunch favorites.
Good Monday Morning! It's going to be a very productive week for you! Let's get this week started with a bang! Let's go go go...
Maybe you will see him right at the change of the clock!
Heinrich Hertz #wavegod #wavy loll
da mean is if u stay geeked up like drunk and high...u a dork
Happy I saw this:)..mm:)................ "In his house at R'lyeh dead Cthulhu waits dreaming" nice
can u plzz follow my friends nd
Gotcha. Got me motivated to find my next show with some Broadway vets--maybe Chenoweth when she comes to DAR in June.
Unfortunately it will serve as a distraction in tomorrow's news. Media will discuss milk instead of the Financial Crimes Unit.
Finally leaving after 630 start! Gracious staff, delicious food but was hoping to be home sooner for last hours of honeymoon!
RT : Well that sucks! We had a great season, its a damn shame it had to end like that!
not ridiculous. Bookmobiles are awesome!!
walker here, I will be broadcasting tomorrow 11 til 1pm at Jefferson Coin shop at Airport and Rt 219 you may win a 1oz Silver Eagle Coin
I really did though!
Had a great time performing our song "Insatiable (Can't Get Enough)" tonight at ! #R&B
I love how everyone is now smelling their arm hair because of me! Yes!
On day 5 of solid walking in DC- so much to see!
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninetly - nine percent perspiration.
seems i misplaced a follower. that sucks.
Kool aid & frozen pizza
yeah sure I live in Kohala though..
Bingo, which is why it's so bizarre.
Somehow, "Wine Pong" doesn't have any innate appeal.
Won't give her nuttin she's a P I M P P O
Thank you somehow I knew he would. Thanks again for a great article. As a runner and a father it was really inspiring.
hey E Z on the eyes :) how yo day been?
IVY: A major concern of open-publishing academics is theft of their intellectual work.
Just one of today's "aha!" moments: The OED may be the greatest crowdsourced project EVER.
Anybody know what happens if you buy parking for your van but not your trailer?
we do? that's cool!
Uh oh. I guess we're just working you guys too hard!
The band Scarlet Script Just gave me their new EP \'Onward\' for a TWEET, Prayer, or Donate! @ ScarletScript.com ScarletScript.com
Always Bring Lunchables!
Miller: the Web empowers search engines and organizations, makes it easy to connect people, data, applications
After an emotional farewell speech by Lt. Gov Becky Skillman, a vote on a smoking ban for #Indiana expected soon
To whoever keeps dumping sugar all over the coffee machine: y?
Stay away from negative conversations and from negative people.
Let the Tweet-a-Pitch begin! Signing editors are here - use hashtag #TriDPitch!
It Happened Onced Now Twice Can't Let It Go Any
At some point, they need to trade Iguodala, Evan turner needs the ball in his hands
And try catch the game on Thurs. You turd ticklers. “: Sharks fans thanks for all your support this yr!
Almost every tweet now has the word "expand" below it. Makes me feel bloated.
It's #MayDay Thank you to our SupahStaff! #Doyle #Benson Best in Boston
Bcome a Virtual Citizen Of #Israel & Share It With Friends! RT : ANYTHING I CAN DO! AND I DO MEAN ANYTHING!
NEW SHIPMENT MKORS WATCHES JUST IN ! FREE VALENTINES RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS!STOP BYE FREE BRACELET BEAD SAT/SUN MENTION TWITTER! WSLAST
Free social network promotion at the url on my profile. Works great. Would you like to follow 4 follow?
#SignsAFightBout2Breakout *pulls shorts up above the knee caps* nigga let's go..
i know but that's a few out of like fifty. lmao.
Agreed...very clever!
Ugandan food is great - but lacking variety. Protein options are limited. I find myself longing for a REAL Philly cheesesteak!
When you order a shirt from & they tell you they ran out of Smalls so you have to wait even longer.
Pricing a job for T-Shirts need to convert the logo from a word doc :(
3 weeks after dropping out, Pawlenty asked for a gig at FOX. "Not sure I want to sign you as a paid spokesman for Romney, " said Ailes.
Sorry I was busy finding a shirt that matched my flask!
RT : FREE 4 Day Music showcase Kung Fu Saloon I play Friday and Saturday with Zeale Rapz! Schedule below, don't miss it! htt ...
Just got home from the office; now bored out of my mind. I think I'll watch all 22 episodes of #Friends on my DVR now.
#yourinthefriendzoneif she tells you she wants you to meet someone and it turns out to be her boyfriend that just asked her out 2 days ago.
"I find it unusual that it is more socially acceptable to complain about what you have than it is to ask for what you want."
to bad im riding in the front , and youll be on the corner ! #dontbelateforyourjob !
Brendan Frasier's character in Blast from the Past reminds me of a friend of mine Lol
AWESOME I wish lol
I felt better knowing it too!
HOW THE SHOW TURN OUT?
First time in like 3yrs I hear gun shots
the two tickets are yours if you'd like them!(: $65 for each do you want both?
Your boobs look really big from any angle!
Just a couple more days n I'll b back n action... That shit went by Hella quick
Sick friend has me watching Bait Car.
/ I hope we are still talking about the beta. It's coming, I promise. A lot of January left.
Rihannah Is in the movie battleship coming out soon…
As soon as i94 is done being repaved, the road should be closed for a day of rollerblading.
When your ready to quit Dick eating??! Oh.
Hillis of 2011? Absolutely a bad comparison. Hillis of 2010? A much different story
T.g.i.F...gEtTiN oFf eArLy 2day..!
Guess what court ruling didn't come out again today ... ?
worst part is... one of the top umps was watching:(
Introducing Whisk Reputation. Professional Yelp and social media feedback management. Would you be interested?
lol! St. Louis??? I sense a SoCal trip in the near future...
Pau Gasol whines like he gets fouled everytime down the court. You ain't that good Pau.
ugh that sounds horrible
Rise & Shine! Lavish #breakfast #buffet that features omelets & waffles made to order, Pancakes, French Toast & Potatoes!
Im about wat ever like wats good!!
While people of all ages can experience vision loss, as we age our risk of developing an eye disease that can cause vision loss increases.
Waiting for a lot of new baseballs designs to come in stock- should be here next week- I hope!
Sand jose Sharks
yes i am and it is always an adventure and can be stressful at times but invigorating
If Hodgson has really cut from the Euro 2012 squad - then that's a stupid decision.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool do we really have to be here ?
Its too hot for this...ugh!
Coolin wit la chat and trackman at the yung tymer "flex-out" video shoot! What up MIA????
I'm watching on ABDC so glad theyre playing reruns (:
oh hell no lol im fone woth you garrett
I don't believe in deodorant.
Thanks Susan! So encouraged...
I hope it gets better!! Hitting the gym?
still a packer fan for life.. even if they lost to the giants
that sucks
Poor bitch came into work today with a condom stuck to her shoe...
We're donating 15% of our sales from today back to CARES! Stop by Paesanos Midtown and support a great cause!
FROSTY PURPLE FIRE LSD Bubba is back to melt your pains away by VERY popular demand! SFV OG is in, sssoo strong! Full Menu www.WEEDMAPS.com
Six days and counting to the Youth Foundation's Birdies For Bunks / Golf On A Stick at Western Lakes, visit www.wsfpfoundation.org for info.
It was me! I was looking for my husband after the water station there... hope you had a good run!
Guess I should check in more often so that you know my corpse isn't littering the floor unnoticed for weeks..;)
ALL BIG fans follow
Removed from dvr.. Such a shame.
I'm just talking with myself and hoping someone likes it?
After watching the debate on Saturday, we now know what happened to Rick Perry … Bachmann and Cain had him subjected to water-boarding!
Soo apparently my mom wants to move me schools now .
I really don't like commercials cuz sumtimes they show the same 1ns over again
So sorry! But so funny!
yeah, a hot baby hahaha he was in the weight room after school and i couldnt stop staring lol
you would post something like that
FYI, after Julie Browman reported G.Karl told #Nuggets they could finally slow down, #Lakers finished on a 32-20 run in the final 9 min
I wish I knew back then, what I know now.
Long awaited Chicfila visit is about to happen...!!!!!!!
For you Once Upon A Time fans: If it came down between Snow White and the Queen, I'd pick the queen. She's the true victim here.
thanks for following
Countdown to hosting PACCIN guests at ATX. Curious if free beer & flatbread will be more popular than the talk ? ;)
Amy Winehouse......love that bitch....
Dear Twitter, You aren't helping me study for U.S. History.
Yep. Until this year it was all open. The GOP sued to close theirs, the Dems decided to leave theirs open.
“: Might need that second cup of coffee this morning! X-)”You should have told me, I would've sent a big ol cup with Doug!!
They say love is the key..Well sumbody change the lock
Current and aspiring Location Managers, ALM's, Location Scouts, Researchers and Location Assistants. Major event announcement coming soon!
I know you. Physiofit will be the best. Any client who is willing to do the work will find the person they were meant to be.
Mine is not working either. I think there is too many people on at the same time
wait how long was he on for?
I think i have an obsession with twizzlersss #YUM made my mom go out and buy me some(:
Keep hammering at it!
Today's lessons: 1. The Gettysberg Address is tough to memorize. 2. My 5th grader is much smarter & a far better memorizer than me.
That bipolar feeling of feeling so good, but so exhausted after a good workout >>
ugh long day packing.....
I'm impressed with what I've seen so far at the #grammys .. Loved the Beach Boys segment!
#RealTalk RT : I'm hoping all U Mughpfukkas are watching SCANDAL! is killin it & needs your support!
Nice bit from Harrow: "he outwits the Wits!"
I know right? Crazy shit... I think we have a pretty good shot at a W here too. But I really think next year is our year
Thank you! I need the anti-argument too (w/accompanying rant or not). :-)
things are going well. You?
Reggie Evans was late for today's game because he was stuck in traffic after filming the final episode of this seasons Gangland.
hey soul sister
Oh, its hard to find somebody new, when the only one I'm looking for is you.
The Jewish holiday Purim is celebrated today. Wish your family & friends across the country a happy Purim by recording a Qwip!
omg!! Im watching that! That was hilarious!!! Lol :D
lol yes they are, since when did it become the norm for guys to straighten their hair? lol tell that to your parents :D
Hi Steve. We'll see if we can get the video from them. Thanks for the heads up and good luck!
RT in terms of one play deciding the game, Clutch is making the BEST possible decision to win the game in that moment
Just came face to face w/ Phoenix Jones. Trip to Seattle: complete!
#ReplaceBritneySongWithStarbucks = Dear Starbucks , please Gimme Starbucks ! --
Well there goes another 2 mins of productivity for me each afternoon...ha! Good stuff as always, H3!
The two are quite distinct, and the passion to which the one gives rise is not the passion of the other
If you want to stay ahead of the game with sports. Join Email list. I will send you our episodes every Mon. DM me your emails
Mark Laurin citing Bersin - 80% of workforce learning: on-demand, social, embedded. Presenting at ISPI-FRC in Denver.
stock market sadness today.
Well, hanging by the pool will have to remain a morning or evening activity if it doesn't drop below 98°
Say, bankers, what are you doing, are you getting too much mortgage? [1944]
Omg this is amazing!!!
I didn't spray the pan.
I'm way more tired after a morning Workout
Behind The Scenes At Milos Raonic’s New Harry Rosen Ad Campaign [Video] Canadian superstar Milos Raonic debuted in a new Harry Rosen ad c
Freddie Mac: 30-year fixed mortgage hits new record low at 3.79%
Will be off from work in solidarity w/ #generalstrike Nov 2. Join us all as we tell politicians 2 start listening to us!
i'm a pencil stealer
Hey :p this is hacking readyjelly....fun day nd ready to who out! FNS!!!
Listening to BABY by the one and only JB
just presented JBara to investors and other companies at Capital Innovators' demo day
cool, for sure!
#Rangers relief pitcher Robbie Ross with his fourth win tonight. At 4 wins he is now tied with the
Your Welcome! Have a lovely weekend!
Sweet baby jesus is in my pants - in the bathroom stall
money in my pocket and my pills powder blue
she's a cutie!
Forbidden Island is good for the kids. But since it's a lighter version of Pandemic my wife & I don't play it much
we out here!
haven't eaten all day :O
Nice brezzy day ... Outside for a Friday
Joe smith is gonna dominate this inning.
Hello All!
Did you know you can book your cab, monitor progress and pay your fare with your #TaxiMagic app? www.broadwaycab.com
Everyone always comments on my earrings in an odd way. Yes, they're skulls. Yes I have skulls in my second hole as well. Shut up it's cute.
Yes, it's beautiful work!
nice theme
For my birthday present, I'd like to keep my good ol' Facebook Page and for Timeline to go away please.
Quiet week in Classic Rewind Land. Except for a couple of new axes. A black Yamaha bass and a red Jackson. See you all in Centerburg!
hey I hear there's real bad weather in Chicago today *be careful* be safe with your travels today hope u have a wonderful day
hell yeah. Sounds like fun.
oh, so, my babe doesn't want to tweet me yes or no? that's cool.
"2/3 of credit union members have kids who are NOT members!" There are huge opportunities for growth here.
Doin' some Industrial Work for Pepsico. While drinking my Coke Zero. Oops.
Night! Sleep well!!
Watching this weak was movie :/
Like..I just wanna hump justin yuh kno..
": Ideas flowing like poison from the wounds in my soul"
Come to Vegas!!! Get dibs on a room now and pick dates later tripdibs.com
dam ur the sexiest chick alive .. I was wondering when are u visiting chicago ?
Im too old i think RT : I'm going to a casting call the 14th! Haha I don't think they're ready for me
Even in tough times, contemporary art sells via
I'm so stressed out and I feel like I don't have ANYONE it sucks
Dear Author: No need to mention awards for something unrelated to writing. Talent in another area doesn't make you a talented writer, alas.
Is that good or bad?
its hump day!
you been to New Orleans?
just made my day!!
At risk of setting you back, I really think you should just Chillax to some Skrillex. womwomwom
Carnival!!! With ;) why guys no laugh like niall :'(
Wow...this is so unreal! #RestInPeace Etta James
I was teasing about the Gita & fruits of labor. My humor is mostly self-amusing. Your time's arrow shot all the way to Fall.
Interested in creating an account. Is it possible to download code/files/etc. once created if alt. hosting desired?
one more day in NJ
Best of bacon #5: Southern bacon fried green with Mac and Cheese
Cleaning is so refreshing! I can think now! Sigh of relief!
Me and 's and 's parents are bonding.
I came to win... No excuses
hooray something more to celebrate tmw.
Do companies invest in vision and mission statements anymore? If so, what is your organization’s mission or vision statement?
Of all the things I'm looking forward to the most post-grad school, being able to see the top of my desk again is high on the list.
Just convinced I made-out with someone
John finished at 11:49, 7:50 pace. Now at 5 minutes ahead. Nice. Robb is running a 5k for his next leg. Should be easy for him.
meh, I'm not that interesting
cataloging Lewis Baltz photographs makes me especially grateful I didn't move to Orange County.
Thank you for your Retweet
I already asked.. No one answered me -__-
Trying to decide if I will check luggage or take carry-on only.
they're all laughing cause his first kiss was katelyn we all know that and bryan doesn't hahahaha
RT That commercial (Avion) make me wants to have some shots Lol already there;)
Free promotion site on my profile. get way more followers fast. Hey lets' follow for follow? whatdyasay?
words to live by
awee I love you guys! Amazing music <3 :)
If I...can fathom all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have a faith that can move mountains, but have not love, I am nothing.
Tonight at 9 pm est, on PBS: SHERLOCK...season 2, episode 2. This episode is called "The Hounds of Baskerville"...don't miss it!
gooooooodniiiight mahomiess<3. hopefully we can get more followers tomorrow(: -erica<U+2665>.
steps. Quit In your car, quit with coffe, quit with work, etc. fin your stressors and minimize em
Following u back now
Kudos to the M&S. But a huge THANKS to the many more librarians & advocates who are unrecognized but continue to kick ass & carry on
Yeah I will be! My first music video will be out in before Christmas, and then I'll be planning a tour for summer!
I feel like dancing cumbias.
When I go to the movies I put my phone on airplane mode
Milhouse has some of the best lines in the show!
and found innocent by a jury of his peers.
Safer than Deer Run RT "brooklyn is dangerous" tweets<<<<<<
Sweet #edtech panel at #technapex to learn factors driving success. Talk to users & A/B test
sixers - heat, eastern conference finals
WA surf trip on Sat. Yes, the water is < 50F. Yes I'm serious. It's gonna be epic…ly cold :p
Country music fans. Go download "living for the weekend" EP from
Me: enjoy tht sandwich Cam: its a shit sandwich, guess who made it my dad. Guys can't make sandwiches. Only women can. -.- no fail
Pls follow to learn how you can help kids badly hurt in the crash that killed their parents, our Houston friends.
The conference today was great! Speaking on the panel was fun, learned a ton, and met so many incredible women.
We've got a CNC Router (built by some members) as well as a small CNC Mill, and a MakerBot CupCake...
anyone else turn their webcam away from their face because they fear being watched or like the camera stares straight into their soul?
us too amanda! rt Thanks for following! Excited for the coming season.
Thank you for thinking of us & the mothers we care so much about!
We Are Legion
Thank you tweeples for the play by plays!
#Jesus #quote Romans6:23 For sin pays its wagedeath; but #God's free gift is eternal life in union with Christ Jesus our Lord.
I wonder if sitting shiva will become obsolete. it seems everybody is sending condolences over twitter nowadays. myself included.
Are you going? RT : Sometimes it doesn't pay to get your tickets early! ;) Still can't wait for CHICAGO.
RT : A5. Multiple lines of income comes from multiple crops idea: if wheat market is down, maybe cattle market is up.
#7DAYS TILL THE BEST MOVIE THIS YEAR... THIS IS SWEET!!!
To make wearable sensors pervasive, they need to be comfortable, hassle-free--and telling you something useful.
Presentation on teaching 19C culture in an interdisciplinary course- art, lit & education. Students kept sketch books, drew to understand
Thanks!! Good luck to you too! =)
thank you is the greatest thing you can say to anyone, it is what we say to God...
I believe you I live in austin and im standing looking out my window and it hurts my eyes its terrible
thank you for the support
hm hope i have a free tomorrow. because if i dont..then my link research paper isnt getting done. i dont think i have a free though..
Really cool! I like! ~LS
Ha! You deserve a glass... or two.. or three.
what an amazing start to Raw ! Falls count match is awesome !!
has hollywood gone broke? all they seem to do is make really bad movies and remake movies with really bad acting! no creativity anymore!
Thank you! My wife found this and I really liked it. It is a different and complicated grief...
how are you?
Image rotators change focus unexpectedly and can interfere with web legibility,
Yes I know I am crazy. I just signed up for the Boston to Big Sur Challenge. 2 Marathons, 2 Coasts, 13 Days. Who else wants to play?
if only I could say the same about my cookies. They are annoyingly near by...
How'd I miss that? Way to show up a librarian, jerk ;)
“: Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records. -William A. Ward” -
Still awaiting 4 some1 2 tweet where I work. I threatned them if they fire me there wld be reprocussions. I don't have to wk just get check.
Stay tuned for my next piece of street verite: "Scooby Doo Loves Jesus (and Weed)"
I am now something like 23 for 23 with the hiccup cure. It's one of my favorite things. Makes me very happy to contribute to the world.
take a photo of the game and upload to Earn cash.
they'll be more money, the store I got it from is like a discount store
Time for some Lestah! LET'S GO SOX!!!!
Spring practice is just a few weeks away...
Mama got the cookies I sent for Mother's Day. She already ate 2 of the 12. It's not even the weekend yet.
It's okay I've been told I'm only a danger to myself and others.
Come on Huskers!
I really want to hate on the Three Stooges movie but the commercials keep making me laugh.
You'll be hearing from us soon!
Thanks for following..Much love..
If home is where my heart is, then my heart has lost all hope
Woohoo! Enjoy! RT : with taking advantage of some good beer & restaurant week
Thanks for leadership on #LRA. Please follow through and stop Kony’s crimes this year
Please tell me that's not in ur house. I love that arcade game
Thank the good Lord for the weekend.. :-)
Thanks for using ShowClix Kevin :) We hope you enjoy the event!
Ask yourself what elements the reporter will need to tell the story. Don't send all over town, bring it all to one location.
We smell spring!! Custom beach balls and tank tops are right around the bend, bands!
These fuckin ppl in my class are got damn retards ugh help me
Im in da most terrible of moods rite now, wit nobody to help a nigga feel better... Smh.... I guess it wud be best if i was solo-dolo today
Morning! Make it a great day! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Our deepest and most sincere best wishes to the people of Tokyo and all parts of Japan! And Hawaii! Keep the faith!!!
the number of people i've told to #losemynumber is unreal.
The people you can meet at 6:00 a.m. yoga is amazing!
Has ever been kissed? #IWantToKnow :)
#amazing how somebody's life can become a story.
So what if you don't measure up to what they feel you're supposed to be, There's someone who will take u as is! #F***them lol
Analysis of the Mexican and Central America and Caribbean Contact Center Outsourcing Services Market
Lincoln MKT with EcoBoost features Electronic Power Assisted Steering (EPAS), which enables the optional self-steering Active Park Assist
I am worried that my germ a phobish behaviors will get even worse
Yes very fucker
my question is how is that done exactly????
where is my invite bro! Altho is a cool ass dude as well
Guys I got a solo for my chorus concert next weeks! I guess this makes up for me not getting into 1 of the choirs I wanted?
Bad Girls Club 9: Mexico!
i am indeed.. its so lonely!
RT : workplace, culture, diversity, mentoring, VET, IT, training, web, course materials, Sydney.. Bio:
My love is deep as the ocean. . . <3
sex in the air, I don't care. I love the smell of it!(;
Hey, Trina, welcome to Twitter. Check out who I'm following, and search your interests at search.twitter.com.
when it comes to that horoscope bullshit (which I do believe in) I have characteristics of both a Taurus and Aries.
Great to meet you today! Praying this week. Can't wait to meet on Friday!
250am who is up
No clue yet! Times should be announced soon!
Wow. I feel amazing.
Going to see #Transformers soon
Hundreds attended AMC's annual meeting this weekend. AMC Chapters, Adventure Travel, Conservation and other meetings at UMass Boston.
TY! RT Saluting fine wine gals
We'd like to intro a Brent Corrigan line. Please call me.
Shocked, disappointed, and outraged that you have given this man a platform. Who next, Kenneth Cole?
You changed your name??
message me if you know good tips for generating high pr backlinks
he thinks their stupid. That would be the last thing he would buy me. :( plus I didnt ask for it, he just surprised me :)
1 of the best things about 5/11 show: Sitting next to 's mom and hearing her hoot & holler for her son.
Why is the coffee pot always empty right about the time u really need that 5th cup?!
I LOVE YOU! <3
Day was just made :)) got an interview at massage envy!
Preparing for this weekend's Juneteenth event at the MoAD in San Francisco. Genealogy classes for all. More info, www.moad-sf.org.
Could Aspirin have other health benefits? Scientists are hard at work trying to determine if Aspirin could help prevent Type 2 Diabetes...
Doc just wiped his boogers on my arm.
Chiana:I'm just not myself unless I get my 18 hours.
yeah, I'm listing things. Some things are complex, some are simple. I'd like to show difference.
My dog just got scared and ran away from his fart....
If you stop buy for session beer, pick up Gouden Carolus Easter Ale for dinner tomorrow..Not a session beer but we still have a couple left!
More info on CAC, please. Are we in for a bad day?
Jamie's sandwich is making me hungry.
My awake feature seems to be on pause.
well i will at least :) lol
But they're so yummy! and they're coming to the office this morning!!!
know what's even better than push-up dance moves? handstand push-ups.
kewl(: & omg ur so lucky bcuz Austin is going there this weekend. Are you gonna meet him this weekend???(:
Really, thank you! I've self-pubbed 7 books & literally could not agree w/you more. Gave me lots to think about, 2. Blessings!
If someone were to bring me snickerdoodle orangle leaf, I would love you forever :)
I would change the fact that I tried to do it my way without God's help
This show makes me want to go to church, but only if the church is just as entertaining as this one.
Happy birthday, !
It's funny when you get asked to follow someone on twitter who doesn't tweet in English and who you can't understand -_-
"I see you"
aida wanted to go see how to think like a man Hahahaha
RT : Nevermind the Mindless & Ignore the Ignorance™
Meh, they hold no power over me.
heey my dear followers: RT this if you fuckin hate #chemistry!!!!!!!!!!
Wow, you've been busy!
This weekend was fun, thanks for driving me back ha.
This new mixtape finna put these artist on game on how to make feel good music...
Major upset!!!
I love REDDING CA. The people are just nice. DUTCH BROS COFFE. IS AWESOME!!! i wish i could buy stock But tea is healthier
#Success is where preparation meets opportunity...
#Scorpio the country MB will take you to: Australia
Gossip just seems more interesting than facts!“: Hoping has come with lots of silicon valley gossip to spice up lunch”
20% off celeb fragrances at perfumania today! Get your olfactory fix for less!
You may be a speech teacher but Y U NO speak right?!
You'll have to let us know your thoughts. Hope you enjoy it and find the resource helpful!
stop your bloodclot cryin, u never called me
I may have miscalculated in not choosing a career where I tour with a backing band. Alone, late night Chinese food is truly inexcusable.
lmfao jokes on her, shes got herpes now
2011.07.09 #Reds 8 #Brewers 4 | Game tied, bottom ninth / Rickie on second, no outs / can't score, pen implodes.
Me too handsome!! RT : I'm thinking my life could use a big injection of fun right about now.
Can I have all your stuffs?
At least ppl will B forced 2 take a closer look at #Mormons actual belief. Their brand of #Exceptionalism is troubling.
The #Futurama is coming!!!!!
I deserve a medal for making it through this week without stabbing someone with a fork.
...but... why are the shoppers at WHOLE EARTH #Princeton so SERIOUS?? lighten up!! this ain't NewYork!
I'm not sure why but I'm dying laughing at that tweet.
I often go to midnight movies and think, "These are my people." Then I get worried. Tonight as a case in point.
Sometimes we dont realize how good we have it. Gotta step back and take it all in
#penelopecruz. Her favorite dress she's worn. Ours too. Stunning!
thanks I'm definitely downloading the app!
In San Diego..
Total oppisite for me RT : Im a terrible text messager...better off just calling me :/
seduce the canon
Exactly! Do research, try something bold the ideas support. If it doesn't work, reassess. Most flops ignore step
I'm wishing all of my fans and friends a happy and safe Memorial Day Weekend.
iOS developers be like fuck them free apps
4 months later n I'm still on the mixtape #NeverDidPlay. Keep up the hard work.
“: Would certainly be very interested!” cc:
How u real wen u half reppin
hope all is well in your corner
Happy anniversary to the 2nd best ballpark in the country #Wrigley>Fenway
no its my first. How bout you.
Back to work after a fantastic NYC weekend!
HEARD that, kid.
To the mystery smell coming from our closet...I WILL DEFEAT YOU!
come swoop me and lets boogey on down to chevvys
OMG <333333333333 I can't say anything else :')
Happy Birthday Girl :)
Today is gonna be a busy day for the babes!
Looking forward to seeing you there!!!!
Having to drive to Cathedral on a Sunday <<
Also Alicia Keyes and Bonnie raite
Looking forward to #sxtrajan. I love fonts.
the latter!
Gong Xi Fa Cai! Happy Chinese New Year! Here comes the year of the Dragon!
I am a smooth talker
why itake all these AP courses thouu ?
Once in a lifetime. Nothing more, nothing less !
I have a movie I'm trying to get financed right now, and it will change everything if I can get it financed, haha.
CHILE please <3
and they pass on more seasoned artists who developed themselves and have perfected their crafts. ageism at it's finest.
Or what about those flyers with the perforated areas at the bottom to take off the URL and take it home?
Omg you're gonna get your braces off in two days!!!!(: Gah! You're probably gonna get more adorable if that's possible(; lol
Cardamom we like and send some cookies my way please <U+263A>
Literally tried to sleep in as long as I can. Slowest week ever!
Opera Champion voting has registered almost 1800 votes so far! Keep it up and pass the word.
good morning!!
thx Jean! I'll subscribe to the mailing list
Oh okay, same thing over here.lol..or when I am talking to my family memebers..My american friends be giving me the side eye lol
Thinking I should delete my fb page...at least until after elections.
B-Town tonight! With and #twitterless Chris jones
madison. I am boarding the plane right now!!
He does. The names of the donors have not been released yet....and most likely won't be untill after the recall.
Just roll down the windows, take a deep breath of the fresh air, and enjoy the ride.
Hey guys want the cleanest purest water at home? Check out www.drinkupwater.com Save money on overpriced bottled h20 & cut down on Plastic!
I don't know why but today feels like its gonna be a great day!
All four days of Halloween were wonderful.
Happiness is not having to compete for anything
Something I forgot to mention last nt. I'm sure if I was a Braves fan I would love the T-Hawk Chop. But since I'm not.. it's SO annoying!
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 36
I didn't get that far. But the photo is of a dude then...and now.
The road can be a bitch sometimes.
You know i can't dance, but i can dance on ya
It's hard to get out of the house with a 10 month old for storytime at 9:15....
Sister Wives is disturbing. I can't stop watching.
Aubrey, get real, you're a no talented wannabe that's been fired on 2 shows now!
driver just cussed me out for no reason!
Fuck them. They don't need to know anything about me..
New summer dance schedule up at www.flamencura.org - try something new!!!
maybe it's my iPod it's still not working for me idk
Today is the DAY! We're serving up #Burgundy #WW #SommChat #LaPaulee in a few short hours!
Blair Levin mentions team is currently proofing National Broadband Plan
I'm frightened.
Sunday=Sailing. Then .... Into the office. The criminal defense attorney's work is never done so long as there is prosecutorial misconduct.
I just love to launch my browser.
Go Blazers!
Felix Hernandez is good at throwing a baseball.
I never was too good at following rules, na na I'm better just pretending I was a fool
RT : Culinary trivia #2: Ounce for ounce, the most amount of iron: spinach, turnip greens, or cauliflower?
Happy Easter New York
thank you =]
This next EP I'm writing sounds sick so far. It's a mix of Ne-Yo, Jesse McCartney, and Nick Carter. Interesting mix!
Morning and TY to all my followers! You bless me with your kindness!
I can agree with that.
yeah! Wait, what?
A Person's character runs deep...like a river...and The course of a river is seldom changed forever...and so too it is with people...
once was told to "Cheer up, things could be worse", so sure enough I cheered up, & things got worse.
GOOD MORNING WARRIORS AND FRIENDS!!!!!
RT : I'm looking to participate in a #GalleryNight this summer. Does anyone know of or have any space they could lend me?
I hate pretty boys.
#LiesPeopleAlwaysTell I'll be Right back
Club Play, Mansion & Cameo
what's up man! welcome to tweet world, how's everything going?
easy killer!
Brand new bus for the meet! <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+008C>
To Laguna Hills we go!
I box, I lift, I do cardio...benchmarks get better & better but I'm not losing inches or weight....
Someone feed me....ill pay you in oral sex.
Going to TRY to sleep. Goodnight~~
Currently have someone from France, Japan, and Iowa looking at our site. Pretty rad.
Back to my not getting up early, start whenever in afternoon route that I love. Sunday's I wake to hit the college stores early but-
oh lol I thought she wasn't having that anymore because she was gonna see trs instead bUT I MIGHT BE WRONG SO IDK LOL
Congrats to my teach who said umm 387 times today beating her old record of 355 didn't think it was possible
RT-no work tomorrow// Nice one!
I heard from a friend of a friend that they saw the Gluten Free Chef Food Cart open on NW 4th & Burnside at lunch time.
Don't know why I chose fitness for P.E, gonna have to start jogging daily starting from tomorrow....
i wuz watching jerry springer and this guy looked like the big o
can you follow me I LOVE all your videos, it would make my day please.?!?:))
...And millions will wake-up without a #MegaMillions winner...
April 21st! see you there
I'm sure Scooter will be willing to debate. As long as it can be on Skype so as not to interrupt his out-of-state fundraising.
Could today be anymore beautiful?!
Excited the Indians keep rolling, but I'm not drinking the "contender" kool-aid just yet
If You Need Advice, Tweet or DM ! She is a New Advice Column!
Make sure to stop by and try our delicious tamales ;)
Remember 2 keep your wristband after the concert the park 4 #happyhour all night long!
is so happy Jesse got the internship!
Leaves are fucking smart. If I were a leaf I'd jump out of a tree too, that snow shit SUCKS. They got the right idea!
Nice rain today in downtown Dallas,Tx.
Twitter's weirding out on me. I just randomly received a DM dated in 2007 that clearly wasn't meant for me. Then it disappeared again.
Will Sprint also carry the iPhone4?
cuddle time with my niece & nephew <3
I know, dollface. I was just joking =P (Not sure if I agree with the advice, but I like that mama's sassy!)
You can't let other people tell you who you are. You have to decide for yourself.<U+2665>
Just found out my little cousin Jordan will be on BET 106 & Park in 5 minutes. Check him out
Need a big money right now God please bless me
HOW DID YOU GET OVER 1K TWEETS????
The BITCH in me is beggin to come out...I promise u dnt want it....
“: I'm so happy I now live in a place where I don't see everyone I went to High School with.” no just everyone from Clarion lol
Thx RT : Thanks to for a happy ending to the story I'm working on! Oregon City lacrosse grateful. Details @ 11!
good night guys :)
I just want someone that will watch classic Disney movies with me all day :(
Cat or Dog??
We had an amazing opening night at the AFF! Join us tomorrow for "Rhythmic Uprising," "New Low," "Air Doll," and "Blondes in the Jungle."
I've seen lessons where teacher poses Q and tells kids to post answer/opinion. Everyone participates.
real question is not if change - what change & how abrupt? consider there is no substitute for water
Tough loss, this one stings with that ending
How about those #Chicago #Blackhawks forcing Game 7!!!
She doesnt understand wat it means to be a opportunist.
working in studio w/ long time writing partner Bobby Womack He's still got it.
"it's at big deal"
that nigga put his shoes on with no socks yo feet gon stank #Jus'Nasty
I agree and stand with you !
I wonder who reads my Facebook posts, but never comments or anything? So many lurkers. I love you, but still.
Im happy! I get to bring my glass fish piece home today!
The caption on pic 34 is great.
At the moment, yes. Next month's meeting will be a discussion about how to better run and organize events. Details soon.
I like the 2002 cast but I definitely prefer the 1960 film.
Porches and outdoor walkways at Groves allow ample room to enjoy the outdoors in a safe and secure environment.
made funny, interesting, worthwhile, and brief presentation at
OK, tech fail, not sure what happens on April 5th?
have you seen the new CBA language abt rookie contracts, is it called the Russell Rule? lol
Anyone have advice/preference on good audience response systems? Help!
lucky you. :P
hey thnxs for the follow
me too! Love that movie...
but its so different and cool :)
WHAT THE FUCK. RT : fucking hate clingy people bitch get off
#Lethem, Chronic City. Upper East Side Manhattan as surreal pocket universe, deeply weird and yet completely familiar characters & setting.
Bowie High Principal Jesus Chavez has been reassigned, Jordan says.
...commit random acts of kindness. “: makes me want to commit”
Thanks for drinking with us during your Labor Day weekend!
"only pay for sex if the price seems really, really reasonable"
Gardy and Span thrown out? In the words of I'm seeing "a fun one"
Thanks, hon!
Don't waste pixels on Borg, that is my motto
I hate homework !
I just finished a 1.55 mi run with a time of 24:38 with Nike+ GPS.
Thank you!
somebody who's super busted! i'm sure you will find plenty floating around walmart. ctfu
Currently in the greatest condition..
Time 2 get the morning going everybody!! Enjoy your day...
Payday Latte! My favorite splurge in the city.
Sleep time now, today was overall a pretty greay day just because i got to spend time with :) Made my day soo much better!
LOL I'll have to ask my dad if that's true! Thanks for supporting #TeamSantana Ed!
Thanks for letting me know. There are several errors like that we're looking to get fixed. Any chance for a RT?
I don't know
worshiping the English gods in English class xD
Early bird flight out to Boston: SFO >>> BOS
just been rubbing shoulders with cesc- amazing!!!
What up??
just bought it! Funny stuff!
#WeWontWorkOut if you're some organic freak.
Players: Today is the 1st day of the rest of your playing career. What are you doing today to get better?
Yep.. I was crying when I saw it #doublerainbow ;)
75% off casino style poker chip sets! www.eproducts4less.com
I really can't stand people who won't text you back.
S/o My Brothers I know yall up...LETS GET IT
I Just Made A Love Song For Some One Special Its Also A Break From The End Of The World Genre -Eric
I'll follow when im of follow limit!
Going to be launching a film campaign very soon stay tuned for details!!
“Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak.”
Knowing that you only have one more period to worry about until Study Hall >
hahaha the greatest thing I've ever heard. excellent.
I do not cut my life up into days but my days into lives, each day, each hour, an entire life.
Technically all communication is behavior. Everything we do, from breathing to reading, is behavior
How did you enjoy Sunday at the #Masters? What an exciting finish!
ARE *YOUR* SHORTS ANIMATED? RT : Stand-By Alert !! Animated Shorts -- Sunday
Twitter fail!
THANK YOU :D I Love You Too!
June 19th I say all of the beliebers go to your house and you throw a party?(: kidding but I can't wait for #BELIEVE <3
thanks :D so what's up?
Good comment. Thanks for weighing in!
Anything is possible in this beautiful universe...
Y'all better text me some deets
Listening in on #fasting #self reflection
I've officially tweeted 100 times today...u shocked? Proud? LOL
RT : #lawschool has made me really talented at grabbing cookies off of unexplained trays without slowing down.
?ts up, with the Atlanta sports jinx Maybe ParkAtlanta should hand out Falcons shirts ev'ry time they write a tkt for city spirit
": DJ Rooney is killing it!!!!!"Missed this earlier - Thanks Kimberly!
Can we talk about that experience a bit? How weird is it to write your own press releases?
Scott Watts (our new guy!), #duelingpianos player from NYC 6pm, come check him out! Anthony Cao 9pm
I never realized how much I spent until today :( and now I wish I didn't lol
Going to a Drake concert in June(:
I have so many things to do :(
No matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life. Someone somewhere else is fighting to survive.
hope to see you tomorrow!!! Garyveeinbigd.com
The Man Who Came to Dinner! you all should watch:)
This URL doesn't work!
Monday un-funday. Cant wait for the start of with our big event this friday! Tipsytokens.com 4 more details
If he's gonna do it he's gotta be a little more sneaky
Gods love knows no boundaries. It never runs out. How wonderful is that.
I don't wanna get up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 1
Media General announces subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, BH Media Group, is going to buy all MG's newspapers, except Tampa Tribune.
You know your a good liar when you start to believe your own lie lol.......
yeah! Right? I thought it was so cool
looks pretty sweet
Better avoid eskimo kisses with them then.
#FF Cuz I am NOT hiring a bass player til she comes over from London.
Celebrating her birthday just next to my table how cool is that #Lucky Love u
is amazing! And i love him very much :)
I would 100% agree w/ that!
Dont mistake my kindness for a weakness bitches or you just might get the surpise of a lifetime that you wont like! :)
mark my words, Kassian will be a successful player in the future, Sabs always trade away talent, interested to see what the new kid does tho
- Thanks! =) Good luck and enjoy the game! Just make sure no one else has picked your number when you enter!
You in the city but...you from a small town
I think #Broncos are slow playing this to get the 2015 #1 overall pick, when #Peyton gets hurt and they go 1-17
have tears in my eyes laughing at 's video outtakes. Want to see more!
Yeah, that was a bit disturbing. But realistic and it fits into the story.
i know i missed tonights episode Im bout to watch last weeks, shits heating up!!
He really done just blew me. Nigga called 7 times in ONE hour. Are you SLOW? Can you take a mfing HINT ?! -__-
No problem!
hussy dancing?!? Good lord...
Hey!! today i finally got a copy of the exhibition catalog for Wu Meichun's 1999 show: post-sense, sensibility, alien bodies, and delusions!
I've said it before and I'll say it again, I fucking hate repeating myself.
thanks for the re-add:) Great blog, reading it now...
We love the spicy mayo, it makes everything better! ;)
": ok cool..its warming up in LaLa...going to get into the 80's and 90's later in the week...Yes!<-- I cant wait I lOve hot weather
In a whacked mood... Idk why.... But I'm not enjoying it.
Just opened for the night! Come celebrate our grand opening before anyone else.
omg imagine you said "hi" to me I would cry my eyes out.
haha its ok everybody knows rookie quarterbacks do worse if they have a good running game as a fail safe...
You bet #HIVE11 Thanks for spreading the word!
Oh cool! I like to play the audio games a lot.
I've surveyed the perimeter of the store. Lobster man has not been sited—no droppings or tracks are visible.
the new app never came out ? so you know excatly when?
Amen! re: ...I think the Henry Rodriguez closer experiment has to be coming to a close.
Well back to real life.
Can't wait to get out of here..
I love the #NFL #Draft. It's Xmas for football fans. Round 1 has turned into Xmas eve when your parents only let you open one gift.
Cause i feel i've running away...
I'm feeling the same about peppermint coffee.
Awesome commercial by . Visit their Twitter profile (on the web), and hold the j key to keep scrolling down.
Cant have ish n this house!
Aww... Just saw hearing the slang term "junk" for the first time. Also just gave his book to Paul for Christmas. Bless 'em!
Good morning!
We have many AN hoses and fitting in stock right now in our Walk in Store. Looking for any, contact us and we can post them online for you.
8 year old piano student to me, "We are both small and pale.". *Sigh. From the mouths of BABES.
Going to see The Dictator<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
am convinced that Nets/Magic/Dwight have some kinda deal in place for a trade in June
Join us for lunch! We meet every Tuesday at 12:15 for lunch at the Hyatt in Downtown #Baltimore. Enjoy a meal and a speaker with us!
We look forward to it!
i'm guessing you like capri sun's. LOL
Shane is recording his last tracks right now. The new EP will be done in a few hours.
You guys kicked mega ass. Thanks for the best night ever. See you in Aug! :) <3
Abductee’s Daughter Speaks of Korean War Kidnappings:
Download 5 of our delicious tracks for your ears to hear, free only on FrostWire =)
Thank you for checking on me though! :) Always appreciate your attention and input, sir.
NOW MONDAY HURRY UP!
guys they're taking album requests
Much appreciated man!
you are fabulous. I'm so in!!!
top of the morning! Did u get my email?
Great films all week at #AFF11. Tonight - "Pariah" at the Texas Spirit Theater, 7 pm.
The dollar cost averaging strategy helps you buy more shares of stocks and mutual funds when prices fall, and fewer shares as prices rise.
i should put together my dresser so i can put laundry away. instead im wearing a denim jumpsuit like a prisoner of the couch.
Q2: Desk ready for me to use, tour of space, meeting to learn about department, lunch with colleagues for personal connection
Damn idk y im up...thinkn bout this guy...seeing u later is gonna bring a huge smile to my face
lol where u from to say that. Cuz its hot is.hot is hell
FIND A WAY, MAKE A WAY!!
#IWillAlwaysLoveYou Your one of a kind voice will be our greatest love of all. Prayers go to the Houston family.
It?s not whether you get knocked down. It?s whether you get up again. Vince Lombardi
Q2. Favorite or most unusual #hashtag you've encountered on Twitter?
How is the modeling coming along?? i absolutely love you! and your kids are the cutest! =)
thanks Phil!
Today, I act like a Princess! #WIERDOO!
The only person I follow on that list is It's not gonna compel me to follow others. Sorry.
the curse of Brandon Snyder!
": Here's to the athletes who wish they were taller."
“: Licking your lips hurts more because digestive enzymes in your saliva irritate them.” you listening ?
uses ReBonding technology
Ready to get off work
Supercommittee: You could have been heroes; risen above differences for good; shown us the best in human nature. Instead, you failed us.
Playing this game with myself where I eat cinnamon buns til I either barf or cry. Which one will it be?
Two facts for the day. 1) The "Mine Is Yours" album is fantastic. 2) Charlie Sheen is a douche.
RT : These Hoes Don't Got A Mind Of They Own.
yea bro im in the A... Wats good?
he thinks we're friends. I'll be hanging out at lunch and he comes up and tries to start a convo. No bitch go away.
I just watched my baby niece crawl for the first time over skype. It was so special and I am so proud of her. Gotta love technology :)
Wait, does Sam really not follow me yet ..? :O
Are you accountable for what you "Say", "Do" and "Communicate"?
so god!
Who's ready for a new Frantic music video? What song should we do?!
what is your nail polish color wjen you are at the Disicks?!
Love it! Here's the work email: , have a fabulous weekend!
lol he tried at least he said something back this time girl Da Brat's little brother aka straight tried me lol!
Does anyone have a good data-driven resource on the growing public awareness of #OpenAccess or #CreativeCommons licensing in academia? Thx!
what up!
RT : It has just occurred to me that I haven't worn makeup in 4 days. #naturalwoman or #cavewoman? #naturalwoman all the way
Thanks Suzi! Yeah, we're still going for it and having fun doing it! Miss you and our coffee time!
I love you(: I'll let you know(;
RT : Same old stuff, just a different day.
damn sholl did!!!! Everybody was looking at u like -____- and O___o and I still ain't fix it yet lol
what about ham and turkey...is that harder than just ham!! lmfao doo it bro!
I heard some bad news about tyrus Thomas today
Damn unsigned hype mixtape in the process n the album got me in the studio 24/7!!!! Lovin every minute
Spend your Friday walking around the city yelling "THE 49ERS SUCK!"
That moment when you're having problems with a guy and crying..but I'm listening to and they never fail to make me smile
thanks for the follow follow my other account too...
:) love this weather. I need to move to the beach!!
don't bail on us today, Tot Boss! WE NEED UR TOTS!
Words may inspire but only action creates change.
Nigga just seen Derrick rose. He's here for surgery
I'm an auditor. Risk scares me.
Never mistake motion for action.
Get Off My Twitter !!!
For a 10 pound cat, 1 cup of milk has the same amount of calories as 4 ½ hamburgers.Let’s take care of our pets starting with a correct diet
oh, im sorry well that shirt you wore gave me flashback all day long m yum.(;
Lay me down and tell me everthing will be alright.
Shit I missed criminal minds ;( hate missing the beginning of shows
We learned so much this week with ! If you couldn't make it tonight, don't worry! Same time next week: 8:30 for Animated HipHop!
And 3 more Blackhawk Helicopters flew over the house in #WickerPark. In honor of hockey? (JUST KIDDING) =)
THE STORY OF MY LIFE RT : I was cooking bacon and the fire alarm went off.
P.S. I Loaf You #loveisloaf you you you...
Anyone have the #GalaxySIIftw? I want to get one so bad! I bet will run amazing on it!
I love women but y'all are some crooked, seriously strange ppl!
Bullshit. Where are they? In a warm hotel room?
I would not even be on twitter if it wasn't for Austin and Alex -Brooke
We go in Dec.~ It was deciding factor that Disney does a good job w/ FAs!
1 hour until a 4 day weekend.
Happy Mothers Day to all wonderful Moms!
hey cutie ;)
yes, legit point, but one way or another, either electorate or leg votes on this. Without either, those in favor will have to wait.
Can you just shut up and face forward?
finally taking time to learn some typography, as a programmer Raphael.js (+ cufón) is really helpful for exploring
RT : Today I learned Nick Nolte and Gary Busey are different people.
ed do you have a tumblr. ed. come on. dont be holding out on me alright.
Pandora inserted an ad about retirement into my Mastodon radio stream. Fuck you, Pandora.
I'll at least mention it in my diss on glitches, which will take up unintentional narrative, among other things.
i think he gave up on us haha
ILL SEE YOU #MAY27th for #PARTYRIOT... i need to link up with you to give you yalls tickets.....
is the most beautiful girl to be on The Hills/Laguna Beach series no doubt. Also an independent, smart, nice woman.
If your teeth are clenched and your fists are clenched, your lifespan is probably clenched. ~ Adabella Radici
Today screaaammss MALL! But I've been doing so good! #budgeting <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Cinco De Mayo
And nice meeting you also!! looking forward to changing the world!
What a beautiful morning in #SATX, have a great Friday all from
Yup, but apparently a little too late! :)
exhausted from shopping all day
forgot we shared the same best day ever
Human-centric narratives are just easier to understand than abstract systemic theorizing, period.
NEH offers Owensboro Community and Tech College $200K challenge grant for humanities programs.
START GROWING, FACIAL HAIR.
Looking for a word that rhymes with slutbag... need to finish this song.
Hey do you guys think/know if you'll be getting any limited ed. Crushes vinyl for #recordstoreday??
Eric, you are more than welcome. You've been one of my industry idols for over 12 years now :) and still going strong!
A3: Live your life as best you can, be ready to listen, guide, mentor others... be a +++ influence no matter what your past.
Marian Wright Edelman warns that we are headed for a new apartheid with the pipeline to prison.
Is so hard to get noticed by austin all my past tweets i sent him he NEVER sees.
So scared of getting older, I'm only good at being young.
"I'LL BE....THE BEST YOU EVER HAD" *JOHN LEGEND VOICE*
just started listening to reading The Graveyard Book. yum!
What museums does everyone particularly recommend in Denver & why? DAM is a given. thanks!
m I don think so
OMGWTF LUCKY! Be more careful! D: <333
Oh separate comments on your blog? Ok! Thanks for the heads up! :) #happyfriday!
If they don't know your dreams, then they can't shoot 'em down
I want to put on a shirt that says 'life' and starting handing out lemons.
RT "We're Proud Of iCarly"
not usually one for #ff but feel compelled by this week's #beer and #burrito themed tweets:
Ready to be your workout partner!
You're kidding me aren't you Angie! Asking if I want to see more sexy photos of you is like asking if I want more ice cream
it's soo cute how he sleeps...and i love his nose
Did you interview the ICONic Boyz??(:
Going to go eat apple jacks for breakfast see you later, and please follow if your looking for someone to follow!!! Bi Bi
breathe deeply 7 times.
They got us paying 2.28 for a little ass bag of takis .
We're currently looking for a CAD Tech with piping layout and/or pipeline drafting experience. Know anyone?
be a pretty motha fucka...Boston what he's reppin'...tell em' quit the bitchin', he gonna make it in a second
First play of the game Kenneth Faried out-hustles Pau Gasol
double tap the cap button
Hint For Finding A Vet For Your Canine « In Service International
Last night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
All hail the pocket square king!!!
Playing volleyball with my little cousins. Hahaa.
Do you like cupcakes? Do you like limos? Do you like BLOODY MARYS? It's settled then. We'll see ya on Sunday at 3pm at !
Yep - sorry, made the correction. :)
Thanks for the love!
awesome,have fun!
ok.. I guess
waiting to get out of class bored like a motha
ppl just fuel his rants. So annoying
I hope buyin me a shot this Saturday lol
Not Monday? Lil' Gibbs and I will be there.
Congrats to , , and for their nominations to the WTIA Industry Achievement Awards.
Second meeting of the year... Currently listening to Vice Provost Damon Williams speak about diversity on campus.
its funny how hoes and weak bitches wanna be treated as if they are solid!
I only saw a half dozen titles but liked Once Upon a Time in Anatolia, The Turin Horse, and Vito. Lovely Molly was fun too.
Blockbuster still wondering "who moved my cheese?" Fantastic idea 10 years ago. Great example of how quickly models change.
you should come visit us!
#DreamatoriumMuch? Can't wait. Tomorrow night. NBC. 8:00.
I wonder if the guy I like gets jealous because I talk about so much :) hehe
Moving day! Had 2 jump thru a million hoops & give 2 mnths adv rent. But its happening!
removed the cool near by map feature. Now the #iPhone app is like any other bland app. ANTI-CLIMATIC
Everyone has that one classic they gave up on...I gave up on Ulysses by Joyce. And "To The Lighthouse" by Virginia Wolfe. Ugh.
how about getting middle school groups into your programs? DC local? How do we do that?
Thanks! You'll be the first videographer we've ever had.
#Itreallymakesmemad when my mom doesn't understand what go away means..
Need a smoke buddy who dwn??
#Chill :D
When your bestfriend wants to listen to ymas >
Get this money
The sun is up, the sky is blue, it's beautiful & so are you' (8) <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
haha will do!
Tom also relies on HubSpot's Link Grader for link analytics, regularly tracking and analyzing his website's inbound links
Happy valentines day.......
Thanks for the #FF mention! Great to hear from other local Tweeps.
I wouldn't mind Charles or Chuck, but please, not Chaz!
So I know is busy writing songs and all but... I miss his tweets already :P and it's only been ten hours... Lol
"it was a hedge against a hedge against a hedge." hedge cubed?
It's the meal of champions!
Zayn malikkk foreverr hot! One direction forever be NO. 1 ! i will be always with you guys whenever you guys having a hard or happy time :)
come back to Dallas, please...
I love meeting new people :)
Imma go pick up give her this good dick an head so she can stay out her feeling smoke another blunt an go to sleep
ugh , I didn't even drink alot and I feel hungover. t-_______-t
new profile pic right there Haha
lets chat!
Gonna listen to a little Nova Y Jory <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Feels great to co/inspire. It is a great honor, thank you! Please continue all the great work.via
I just realized something "amazing...ly awesome." -Jake
I mean
It's not my fault you were 30 minutes late to pick me up for the third time in a row, so you have no right to yell at me, stfu
What a depressing morning to come online and see no one really dug 'Tree of Life'.
#updownledtrightselectstart - should get u in rac
hit kent clark up
thank you so much! :)
come to Wisconsin! Not great here either. That's why I drive a
so ure going to Korea no matter what then? That's like me and going to Indy haha but u won't have a host family to help out :(
Kobe shoulda just stayed in the shitter
You get what you want. You win. I give up.
i found humor in the tension between the mundane & dramatic
Happy Birthday!
Amen. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C> RT : Curling up into bed before midnight is one of the best feelings ever. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0091>
Going to Crop Walk 2012. I sincerely thank EVERYONE for allowing God to use them to help feed the hungry! Amen.
Happy Easter!!
Saw fat man tailing a guy in a hoodie here in NYC, thought it was ZImmerman, just a cop!
yes honey boo boo (;
when you have subss all week & no homework..
HOW MANY LEADS YOU GONNA BLOW IN THIS GAME SHITTSBURGH?!
be prepared for your thirties lmaoooo
Goodnight and god bless with my feet on the ground head to the sky.
#FF my favorite up and coming singer ! She's going on tour with Big Time Rush and Cody Simpson this summer.
I LOVE YOU?! why can't you see that I wanna stop loving you but it's so hard :/
while everyone is having an awesome time at Austin's concert...ill be sitting home alone, dying.
I ain't neva ran from a nigga & I ain't about to pick 2day to start running!!!!hahaaaaaaa
oh!!! I have even better cookies for you :-)
Thanks! Good Morning.
I'll have the Chain of Custody Onion Straws and the Lorenzi Martini....wait...whats in that martini?!
#Seanpayton suspended for the entire season, guess he won't
I work for non-profits. Always on the go, with no money to spend. Son is a student. Upgrading would be wonderful.
I could've sworn I had a little Dermalogica left. I had 2 use soap....SOAP!..ON MY FACE!...what am I an animal?!
Big Time Rush concert or Pauly D event? Which would you prefer??
Working incredibly hard not to follow every cute girl's twitter, only the #gamergirl gets a follow
What is it with men ah right thats it
It's never too early in the morning to file a bug report.
Make sure that the adapter for the lens matches the body of your camera.
I LOVE U MY FRIEND!
I know :/ what's up with all those numbers? Lol
Depending on who gets elected in 2012, I might be right there with you in Vancouver!
All's well that ends well!
Thanks for the follow, I'm sure that I will be contacting you about ways to "Green up" our business, it is in the plans.
will do !! thanks.
Kid next to me is brilliant! Just stacked 9 slices of apple together and called it an apple sandwich! His sis all of a sudden wanted apples
Overheard someone say she will now only buy gas at BP stations: "they need the money for the clean up."
Unbelievable product! i cant believe this is gonna be made. must be amazing not to have to open bottles. Twist Aid to the rescue.
I just wanna see your smile. <3
This knot in my stomach just wont go away. I've never felt this much pain in one day.
show us what your neighborhood looks like.
New Cinco De Mayo sweepers that go down easy with a little salt & lime on
watching Greys Anatomy, AKA, the new place for music videos and bad acting.
New Jersey (South)- need females for bikini promotions assignment. No nudity. Pay is 50 dollars per hour Plus tips. (Casting Code B3)
Serenity now, insanity later.
hey cuz I'm new to this again
*Blushing* - Thank YOU for all of the help and of course for being great company to enjoy the night with! :)
How many catches will Moss get this week? I say 4 for 70 yds no td's!
I thought vegans were hard core. But freegans??? They take it to a whole other level. FYI, Freegans are also known as road kill scavengers.
John Dean: extent of Nixon culpability in Watergate cover-up may never be known.
The Big and Tall stores mostly have lame clothes. So I am super specific about where I shop.
true. They paying him way too much
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate
So jealous! A good cleanse is such an awesome way to reset/restart the system!
please tell me you're joking. anything by whitney houston also off the table.
Thanks for following! Looking forward to reading your inspiring and uplifting tweets! Happy Friday :)
i think so, gotta check the sked I think might be on vacation here shortly!
Kreps is a little too rose colored glasses about info tech and life improvement for me.
Legal Reference Librarian Opportunity in Seattle! Email me at !
Our show w/Chef Chris Foster of will re-air on 5/9, but today, we're on set w/Chef Drew Dzejak of the
so far i've spent about $600 for my senior stuff... -_- && im not even done yet
Doesn't get any stricter than a book set in the past!
Took petition to my child's swimming lessons and scored 2 sigs!
New job openings @ TASC: Policy and Communications Coordinator (CBASS) --and-- International Expanded Learning Time Intern...
we messed up?!!!?!?? I'd just like to say we lost our chance. Haha which happens a lot actually
Open sesame - time to send out beta invites
Amar'e Stoudermire enrolled to the University of Miami today news really spread fast in Florida can you smell a new Miami Heat player
I could not be any happier to hear Obama finally manning up & stating there's nothing wrong with same-sex marriage.
Loved playing with a nice ipad looking at a screenshot of wikipedia, while sitting in a hot-ass room, while cameras are in everyones faces.
ouch... new computers can't come fast enough! Q1 of 2010 if we're REALLY lucky!
Nearly COB...mischief managed!
woman on his household staff more than a decade earlier. (Schwarzenegger and his wife, Maria Shriver, had announced their separation
Eating at Orochon Ramen... Special #2, trying to get on the WALL OF BRAVERY!!!
I'm annoyed lol ....
Sir I want to buy these shoes, for my mama please.
Thank you! Hope your weekend is great!
We all have two lives. The one we are given and the one we create. - Mary Chapin Carpenter
Chile-crusted prime rib tacos w blk bean & corn salsa w cilantro-lime sour cream. Served w roasted tomato rice pilaf $17.95 (
dad found the account again. deactivating for a long time. sorry guys, bear with me :(
Our new mural is just about done - pictures soon! Or stop by and see it in person!
PLEASE I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW HOW I CAN GET A NUDE PHHOTO OF YOU
Correct answer is old people need less sleep "RT When I asked how he wakes up so early every day his reply was..."
This day better go fast. I'm so tired i can't even keep my eyes open.
missed ya!
Good Morning! Everyone we all need to pray really hard for rain! Rain is crossing over Texas! Let's all enjoy some! Hope your day is Great!
Everything gets harder as you age, but we know it can be done! Did you get started saving in that window of opportunity?
Fingernail painting. Oh the joys girls on vacation
MAN I hate MPDGs. It's probably unhealthy how much they bother me, but I don't care. >:|
Thanks for the shout out!
My husband is concocting his Halloween costume out of random hoses, shimmery piping and battery operated twinkle lights. I can only imagine.
same here.
I have the same reaction on "Lost" It'll pop into my head, I'll blurt out "hey do you know what happened at the end of Lost?"
Sometimes, inspiration & help comes from those you hardly even know, or a person you just met! And for that, I say thank you!
Wonderwall has an article titled "Jeremy Renner Misses His Puppy." If this doesn't win a Pulitzer then there's something wrong with America.
Bayless went down late in the game, it looked like a leg cramp. Hope he will be ok and ready for tomorrow nights game.
GREAT work-out this morning! Now to get ready to face the day :)
RIGHT! No comparison tho! RT : And there goes the twitter beef...comparisons to Zimmerman...blah blah blah. <U+270C>
I promise to not stay up past 10:30 in my time xD :)
Lmaoo RT : &lt;------ Joey Crawford of Twitter. Will hit you with the #Tech and I ain't talking about the 9.
any preference on the hashtag? we've got a good start at #annconf but no real preference...
A great leader...makes greater leaders..
2nite Tiki Bar w/ and many more
Clear Channel Radio, 14001 Dallas Pkwy # 300, Dallas, TX 75240. It's right across from the galleria. Go to the 3rd floor
Cristobal Silva: When submitting to academic journals, referee letters are most valuable part of process. A gift of the profession.
watch for the three wolf moon too!!!
had the pleasure of meeting today. real cool dude. If he wasnt doing music, he would be a great sportscaster
i believe u
He did have fun - I think the highlight was the food. Don't worry, we'll get to Chile sometime :)
RT : Our Clippard Family YMCA and the Autism Society of Greater Cincinnati are inviting Greater Cincinnati families who......
I love sleeping
RT I don't know what your plans are for the evening, but I'll be at the slinging drinks... Come see me <3
50% off towards your CanvasPop purchase on www.crowdclick.com! Gives you the chance to have a totally cool and unique gift this christmas!
Heyy! How are you? :)
2012 Phenom Camper ° Jr Phenom: Dominique Ford °Rising 6th Las Vegas, NV °Travel Team: Vegas Elite °Point Guard 5’1
<< aye fat dat nigga "b" is a trip.
"I broke the bat, now I break the man" Justice League: Doom gave a great taste of Batman vs. Bane action! Can it be July already?
: Why Yanks sign Garcia in first place, then get 2 more starters? Burnett must go soon, then Hughes to pen makes sense!
I had not! Those are the bee's knees. Or perhaps, the tentacle's knees. Thanks!
This clippers grizz game is a great one
2nd Annual Urban Book Festival was okay. I had fun and met some wonderful authors.
I have no idea what the hell we're watching. But it's fucking funny.
I-NEED-FOLLOWERS RETWEET THIS 4 A MENTION!!!!!!!
Thank you!!
must be a slow day in the joe house
11 days until my birthday <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009F>
sure thing. look forward to reading more!
CenturyLink Twin Cities is officially entering the Twitterverse !!
very pretty.
I should get goodies cuz I got beat up at your show at #liverepublic while I was tryna shoot a
Happy Saturday!
For no reason.
Wow seriouslly that is messed up? So did she ask 4 a kiss from him? Or did she want to kiss his cheek?
the guy isn't even a player! Coach or a fan maybe?
Q4 Nope. Food is not a reward.
Relying on the government to protect your privacy is like asking a peeping tom to install your window blinds. John Perry Barlow
My head says "your gonna find the perfect guy one day" But my heart says "you already found him he just dosnt feel the same way"
Mark: you know you have problems when you start defending Chemistry.
Thank you for the follow as well, Kristen. Looking forward to sharing your tweets.
I am blessed because God gave me another chance today.
Ladies, realize that being sexy has less to do with how u look, and more about how u feel.
If this means more Taco Bell commercials for Brian Wilson, I hope his elbow is alright.
It was Yummy ! Hope your Thursday is going great!
Waited to the last minute again, darn-it buying gifts later today. Office party later today beer,wine, food and fun.
from is discussing broadband @#ebiznow Philadelphia event - she's GREAT!!!
yeah i know how you feel sage and sugar just got locked in the last 20 mins
dude all I've done a day is watch mad men and play video games. I need to go to the gym or something to not feel totally lazy
#Colts trying to imagine the franchise after Peyton! It's hard
and Teen Wolf commercial.! Cant wait for that show to come back on c:
where are you swimming
Jim Camden of breaks down the new poll in his Spin Control blog.
That awkward moment when your friend tells you about the guys she has dated or like her and you're thinking, "I can't even get 1 guy." :(
hey babe. We should probably change your name so it isn't 25941541......not sure how but we can figure it out.
ew. I look horrible.
someone bring me mint chocolate chip ice-cream and I'll love you forever <U+E32B>
Ichiro ... Way to GO
Rep. Connie Mack at Tampa gas station blasting the President and Sen. Nelson on Keystone pipeline. Mack launching petition to support line.
I'm in the mood for a flash mob....
The 12 right
comparing and gets on my nerves! thier is no competition. they are both wonderfull artists.
Yes, I was gonna say, SKIN HUNGER had some downright shivery parts!
So who out there can act? Seriously if u can act and don't just think u can act get at me.....its for the A3F 48 hour Film Festival..
SUEDE Lounge THURSDAY - Tables are OFFICIALLY Sold Out - If you missed your opportunity there is good news FREE/Comped Drinks 9pm-10:30pm
Today for CARE week: Caught in a bad romance? WRC McELroy 141 at 1 pm
not murder - just desecrating a dead body
Hello Earth, it's so good to see you..... Seeing me.
Job interviews followed by my favorite activity in the world, boxing.
Leadership means clarifying the destination in a way that makes others want to go there, even if it doesn't exist yet.
ima real wit me&be real wit u at the same time
I don't think the umps are the prob, it's the angle with which they're making these calls. Time for replay.
Fuck, glad I'm not the only one...
jonesin to see this new show on ABC #TheB****InApartment23...
I can see that, save the kissing for sometime when it's special
Boomgarden leading Rodgers 5-4 in the first set of what has been a testy match. Pretty clear these guys don't like each other.
: WE ARE CURRENTLY TAKING CUSTOM ORDERS .. TO PLACE AN ORDER OR FOR ANY OTHER INQUIRIES PLEASE E-MAIL .
You should take the T Jessica, parkings expensive in Fenway on game nights, ESPECIALLY Yankees games. Were 5 mins from Kenmore :)
Its hotter than a muthafucca
time to start this day. lets do this
- I am a constituent and I oppose SOPA & PIPA
Thanks. Way to rock that stage yesterday -- lights out and all!
sludge you killer you killed Sylvia, you need to be in jail
And may he never drink bud light for we will teach him of local microbrews when he is an appropriate age-Lessons for 's baby BOY
Follow Me Please!? 47
push urself again & again. don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds (larry bird)
not normally, items Ben a long, cold, winter
Please follow me! <3333
gotta love how every marching band stole so many things from drumline...
He's pretty awesome.
I cannot believe it... After so much waiting and hoping, I'M SEEING RADIOHEAD ON MAY 31ST, GA SECTION!
We are open tomorrow!!! Still have a few reservations open!
Good Morning I'm on my way to work. I will have a good day. I hope everyone else have one also.
Silence is golden but duck tape is silver.
Its plenty fishes in the sea hoe u just bait...
For the next 8 hours swing by Deli Zone Lodo and get the deal shown here: $6.99 Meatball Mania
Word! RT Support good #music when you hear it.
to put your Bearenstain mysteries in perspective: "That anvil would have killed that coyote!"
Of all the Maury classics, my favorites are the ones where he spends the hour gawking at 200 lb. toddlers eating Popeyes.
We're headed back to Scottsdale this winter... Let's try to meet up!
Well done, boys. Well done.
BMW and Hyundai said to be in engine cost-sharing talks BMW and Hyundai are discussing a possible tie-up in engine development and other
Are you following the brilliant ? Amazing writer!!
Awesome! Can't wait to see what you do with them!
Sign up at your local dealership and join the #ChevyGirls on Oct 16th at the Making Strides Against Breast Cancer walk.
That said, very few men are really MEN anymore. You are right to be fickle
If you would like an EP this week send is a message and we will meet up with you or tell you your options. :D help is out
Gayle’s Miracles is a reduced fat, low-cholesterol treat, that is all natural.
You can't help but laugh when others are laughing, it is contagious.
ugh CAHSEE tests fr next 2 weeks nd I broke my humerous in 2 in my writing arm #imfucked:'(
ladies, ladies! Let's keep this PG-13! ;)
you know the Suess poem "the places you'll go"? I need to write one called "the things i would say", you know if twitter/fb weren't public
O Ghost Hunters, i am not scared... all amazon here..
#goodnight twitter. Pray for me! #prayer always works :)
the album is weird, eh?
#MARLIN DAY BASEBALL.
David Brooks told me Bush had incredible social intelligence 1-on-1. Evolutionarily that was key to big brains.
D: No! The Blackhawks lost!! BO!
Thanks for the mention. Hope you enjoyed #sb45 !
Just realized I double booked myself for a presentation.
Congratulations to and his family, celebrating the birth of his newborn baby!
well, buy bug spray!
Just found out in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball EXPERT Draft I have the 6th overall pick. Draft kicks off at 8:15pm ET. Who Do I Roll With 6th?
" We need to act quickly " ,or "the opportunity is gone forever. This is the biggest hindrance to digital creativity.” - Ekaterina Walter
How I love the East Coast but dread the jetlag when I return back to Cali. Livin' through it right now!
Tweet me numbers & I'll say something nice about you.<U+2665>GOGOGOGOGO! :{) #TweetAwayyyy .<U+2665>
It's always darkest just before it goes pitch black.
No one will understand how close I am with my gymnastics friends.. They are more like sisters <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I mean PROUD.
My tennis class is amazing. There is no better way to start the day
We're r u from u n cali
Don't go broke tryna look rich, act your wage ..
“Control your own destiny or someone else will.” - Jack Welch
"It may have been Helen's face that launched 1000 ships, but it was Homer's poems that launched 1000 academic debates" P. de Souza (1999) 21
its sunny now but theres a chance of rain all night. I know man I miss RT
Groupon Great success!! 1756 sold!! Busy Busy Busy
you are such a inspiration. Just thought I would pass along a kind gesture since you do the same to everyone else!
From Wanda To Rihanna: Artifacts From 'Women Who Rock' At The Rock Hall Of Fame
yeah Walk is pretty good. I probably sound like a Debbie downer... BTW, congrats on turning 21 soon. Don't go too hard!
its ridiculous I know
Oh yeah, those are fun. I haven't seen the latest Musketeers movie, either!
Don't do phone sex you'll get hearing AIDS . lol
I thank God I grew up in the Midwest because out here in the DMV (DC, MD, VA) most families don't seem to do "family time"
A pun is the lowest form of humor, unless you thought of it yourself
dm i will tell you
Have a Huge Wedgie.. PLEASE HELP ME! E-mail me with any advice on how I can avoid wedgies? or text me 954-608-9103
Sunday Funday with Dexter and Homeland.
We are extremely proud to announce a major milestone for : 3000 clients served in Philadelphia since July!
Kicking it in Frenchville, ME. Holla
Do u really want 2 know the #thingsthatpissmeoff are there are mainly 2, JUSTIN BIEBER and MILEY CYRUS.
Chocolate peanutbutter cheesecake is back at Lottie's - m, m.
hm. Why don't you send me a copy of this recalcitrant doc? I'll take a look
Wondering what the Dems will do now they no longer have a veto-proof majority. Me thinks they'll still try to pass Obamacare.
348: Believe it or not, I'm actually thankful for today's 13-hour workday, because it very easily could have been even longer.
New Sherlock! New Mad Men! Life is good!!!
Continue to do what is right.. God notices and will Bless any attempt you make to please Him
I lost my nose ring in my sleep! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Like god intended all appendages to be neon purple!
Addicted to Deadwood thanks to
I enjoyed our meeting this week. Thank you!!!
it takes a special person to understand and accept our jobs.
I will definitely spend more time on Weblists and Teenread.com
the hard part is going to be the 6 month recovery!
wanna change my ava -,-'
apparently I injured my foot this evening when I fainted. it's quite sore. I seem not to have hit my head at all though, so that's good.
Taxes submitted. BIG check mark off the to do list for the weekend. Yay.
When defeat overtakes a man, the best and the most logical thing to do is to quit. That's exactly what the majority of men do.
I wish Milwaukee had cash cab.
WHY do I feel as if I am watching a game...I am THAT nervous! YIKES! Do I need to get my foam Packers brick out?!?
Polls now closed in #Cameroon after Oct 9 pres elections. About 7.5 M Cameroonians expected to have voted. Results on the way.
i love the show friends <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Lemme make some breakfast I'm starving starving starving...as if anything is new LOL!.
Holy. This game is full of fights ! Poor Hossa :( THE GOALIES ALMOST FOUGHT !!!!!! No one goes after Kaney boy.
a hit me up man tryna have a party on friday
After the intense experience of #business2012 it's back to #combatcompanyrichmond to work with the team for their boxing matches next week
My apologies. We are working quickly to resolve this. We love having you come to The Cable Show every year. See you in Boston.
This calculator is old. Recurly bundles a payment gateway but not merch bank account. not apples/apples.
that sweet
At the Waverly Inn for a cozy Saturday lunch in the gorgeous W Village
Pickup Line: I just shit my pants. Can I get into yours?
I bet it is. Very impressive though! text me your email I have some 30's I did for some local joints would love you feedback.
Ditto! RT I'm going to get so much done toda- oh look, the internet.
parents piss me off... cant wait till i can move the fuck out soon..
Debating on things
SEE WHAT IM SAYING N MY # AINT IN IT. U AINT SERIOUS BOUT DIS SHIT
Woke up at 6:52 I'm supposed to be at school at 7:00 lol I'm not looking so goo today xD
I'm Alive is a stressful show to watch! I feel like I am covered in Bees now. I can't handle this show.... Lol
Digital World Shop » Spa Parts – 1800Pools
Les mots valent moins que les actions (Actions speak louder than words)
you'll bounce back kiddo
ppl will follow any trend to fit in. smh?
#ThingIGottaTeachMySon the glorious game of Baseball
I'll have Sidney Mintz drop off some party snacks ;-)
Do you have a link? RT : Madonna mentions Joni Mitchell as one of her idols.
things are good. Staying busy busy homeowners. No babies yet. How are you?
took you long enough ;-)
love you too c:
USING ALL CAPS MAKES ME FEEL POWERFUL.
yeah cause can't stop reading it
just Concords right now. Not looking to move anything else
Hi Seth. We should have them edited and ready within a month.
dude you look like a vintage bum in your AVI
Trying to decide what to read tonight for Shakespeare's birthday. Maybe some sonnets? Maybe Othello? Not feeling Hamlet today.
lynching is pretty damn democratic-"almost" every person was for it
we read aloud a fresh twitter poem by Poet Laureate of the Blue Ridge Parkway ( writer) - go immediately to
Sure! Glad you like them.
The lord only gives u as much as u can handle. All I can say? Is I can handle the effin world right now
I'm gonna need someone to deliver me a skinny vanilla latte... Please and thank you!
did you get my email? just a quick dash for awards. will be back soon, eager to hear abt your gig!
Keep an eye out for - This weekend - 3 stages | 17 bands + George Benson
both teams were warned.
loves me <333333
dont call me that
hey miranda you coming 2012 after germany ?
Not to much longer till we're in the studio, and a short time after that, we'll be playing our first show!
hey,u at the game??
dangg itt!! I wanna ask but I'm scared lol
Yay! ;-) Love that! So glad to hear you are well!
oh well ill talk to you tomorrow....have fun
Too many errands!!
": There's an inhouse atty on the jury venire. Employment alone is not a predictor of verdict or damages. Even an atty.
It strikes me as a fear of the conversation that might occur. Not unreasonable, but not sustainable.
Wats up peeps
awesome idea
what is up? When is the next magazine article coming out?
Pam Geisselhardt from KY: "So much emphasis on testing, no time to teach. We want to make sure that no child is left behind."
Very confused. Thought I just saw an ad for a colonoscopy sweepstakes...
I may not be the tiniest girl but might I just say - dayum I look hot today.
nap since I'm feeling
I'm just used to people I know telling me it's boring. And there isn't a question limit! This tweet to be continued...
Tryna see what I'm about to eat
The more I sit and look at these cars the more I'm gonna strive to get one for myself.
counting down!!!
Nice! My focus was French art in the 19th and early 20th century. Somehow I studied abroad in Italy, though.. :)
Congrats ! You won a gift pack and tickets from the !
lol yes sir!!!
so i keep seeing a commercial of schlitterbahn on tv....i guess it's a sign that we're going this summer...is it good? ive nvr been there...
"Music is my religion." -Jimi Hendrix
Also: thanks iTunes Genius for deciding that Justin Bieber feat. Sean Paul belongs on this reggae playlist. Srsly.
Wishing you and your family a blessed day as well!
Another beautiful Feb weekend in store! Welcome to the Girl Scouts from Trabuco Canyon, LA, Manhattan Beach, Corona del Mar & Carlsbad!
Best thing about this Duck fans: Wisconsin has been in front much of the way, but it's tied and Ducks get ball first to start 2nd half.
I'm a big fan of but could honestly care less about Dancing With The Stars!
ok, hit u guys up in a bit! Idk where, you tell me pleayal !
did the uncle break it?
Yeah! That's more like it! Safety first...
are u guys down forever or what? hopefully everything is alright.
Can't wait to go downtown and check out all the #SB madness!
Never seen anything this ridiculous b4. sitting for 1hr on tarmac waiting for our plane to "burn down fuel". no wonder tickets cost so much
Thanks for the tweet. We appreciate your support!
95.4% on my Spanish speaking final!!!
Yes...but Kraft loves winning and turning a profit, not just winning. He loves that Bill brought him home playoff games!
the hottest guy on the planet! !!....hes the best friend of Austin mahone &hes on youtube
“: Real love never dies just gets tried .”
Oh I think I love that boy Do anything for that boy...<3
almost done with that hunger games post. how fixed is that 700-word limit? my words spilleth over.
“People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily.”
How many bloody fucking 'just moments away' teasers can we hear on #RuPaul tonight?!?
HAPPY BDAY BEAUTIFUL GET FUCKED UP
I think that's the next transition for Pinterest, huge opp for retailers
Yeah sure, my friends and I have been looking so hard for a collection like this. And thanks for showing me.
ugh.HOMEWORK.i hate it so much i have to finish a 230 word story
you put a check mark next to your twitter name because you think you need to verify it.
#Drupal training at #THATCampGTA earlier today was very helpful. Spent the rest of the day exploring #Toronto. Can I move here?
did you find something creative to do today?
I don't get the anti-QR code meme. Seems like Apple fan nonsense since they're mostly an Android thing. They're easier than typing in a URL.
catfish eat dirt. you eat catfish. you eat dirt.
Cut up on Greek yogurt...yum!
If your looking to bless yourself and be blessed you might not find joy.
GA Friend! I know...late as usual. Hope ur day has been going well.
mass marketing of everything from shoe models to protein bars makes running so complicated 4 folks. Humans r amazing machines!
Thanks for the retweet!
I'm having issues with them, too. Won't let me follow more than 2,000.
Salma Hayek's dance in From Dusk Till Dawn is so hot. Everytime.
if we were getting the ten yr younger version of him, that would be ok. there's a reason no team has signed him.
also, send me tips for Seattle. I'm flying out today
coughing up gross stuff and can barely breath out my nose...so I chose rest this week lol
My last day with the Justice Department was yesterday. Allison Brown Consulting (ABC) is born - equity in education is our goal. Let's go.
miss you too!!!! All well?
yes, its genealogy...have been working on my tree for yrs. now, saw the Ireland homestead a few yrs.ago,beautiful country.
YES LEBRON JAMES TO THE MIAMI HEAT! LETS GO. DWAYNE WADE YOU FINALLY GET SOME HELP!!
Breaking up is hard to do.
yeah, that's usually the way it works
Coming up on my show on 2day 12-3PT: , , Dr. Desai, Deion live tweeting domestic assault, John L Smith bolting
These are different owners than those, let's hope they are more sane (doubt it)
Jesus has risen / Hosanna in the highest! / ... now he wants some brains.
Don't change for anyone. They should love you for who you are, or you don't need them in your life.
send me the link as well :P
Goodluck seymour track
but they don't have an answer for Shaq, who's guarding Kobe & could Sam go off like AI? I don't think so
get aggressive, feed off the ranger crowd, control the zone, attack attack attack.
Me too... Love!!! RT i am so following on twitter!! twitter just got awesomer:)
Now thanks to I have to stay up and help Hector with both his papers.
18 hours ahead.
Hopefully My Mum Gets My Letter/Card c:
it's so fuckin' hot today; I might die.
I lost my car this month. I bike, bus, train (yay!) and walk. We should defs meet up on the River Bridge! (Full moon? ;)
I had a very, very successful shopping day!
Colombia has a hippo problem because of Pablo Escobar. Fact.
The Bulls aren't winning without Rose, idiot. Is 1.4 your average points or intellectually sound statements per year.
"I want an iPad" - oh yes iDo!
I just renewed my membership, so I'll be checking it out next Monday! Can't wait!
Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result
ima text you in bout 30
Want to learn about building credit? Come to Common $ense Financial Literacy Series tonight at 6:15 in McShain Lounge. FREE pizza!
Hey hun :] im doing really good! How about you?
The Tucson shooting ended when he was reloading.
#ReplaceOneDirectionSongsWithCarrot Stole my carrot
yes you can breath, yes we know justin is a tease, next topic please
i've been waiting by the phone all night...
I got that maps song by the yeah yeah stuck in my head
No clue who Ashton Kutcher is supposed to be but The Voice is way better than American Idol.
This speaks volumes as to what it takes to be an #orioles fan.
Till the ends of time Jack Daniels will always be my choice of liqour
!!!!!!! They better be super boss status :)
Time for school =) bye yaal ;)
Okay ! but sometimes my DMs dont work :/
Impressive, Colton. But what's with the jeggings?
aight he going hit chu up when he out there
babies kept you awake?
Snow, so lucky. We need some more snow here in Colorado. Been a dry winter.
Too many of you women think you're good women.....smh
just follow your fucken dreams. let 'em talk cause they can't follow theirs so they try making your dreams nightmares.
#bulls and #raptors time !
My pleasure! Love ISE Phoenix!
Have fun ditching your's son's hockey game :)
def miss everyone - let's plan a lunch soon
I've gotta go with the wedge RT : if you could be any simple machine, which one would you be?
Rarely promise, but, if lawful, constantly perform.
Then he yellin at me & my grandma bcuz we ain't offer him & damn hot pocket -__- NIGGA DIDN'T YO GREEDY ASS JUST EAT?!??!
During my break from work, I went to the grocery store, made dinner, finished packing for MS, vacuumed and prep for Babes!
I'm so bored
good morning honey
thank you!
being alive is kind of a miracle. that's how I'm feeling. I'm generally only here when I get a message!
glitz, glamour, talent, and passion...Oscars! :)
but seriously...every day is Mothers Day. Oh shit...how'd I end up on Tony's timeline *backs away slowly*
Just tore it up opening for Parabelle!!! Had a great time! Met the guys from Next to Nothing!! Check them out...cool ass guys! Slim
Speaking of, shouldn't we be further along with umbrella technology by now?
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is wont someone to listen an talk to them
When Dobby is gonna drop the cake on that lady's head unless Harry says he won't go back to Hogwarts... JUST LIE, HARRY. JUST LIE.
Thanks for the re-follow, and I hope you had a nice Easter.
I would help you, but I have never watched bridesmaids...
My Bass dropping so the Beat knocking.
I've always been good with words, but sometimes they insist that I treat them badly. /via
Someone help me! I'm at home crying to the Lion King..
three referrals get you a 3.5 for 50
when the fuck will you change your bio?
#Redskins #NFL #Football #FF Don't Forget To Show your support on Facebook! www.facebook.com/Redskinfans
Why is that mother still breast feeding her three year old?! I fear this is more common than we think. Also- the kid will be taunted 4 life.
You stupid.
The first and almost the only Book deserving of universal attention is the Bible. John Quincy Adams
i did love!
I unfollowed a lot of people who weren't following me. I follow people who follow me back. #teamfollowback <3 guarantee <3
That's right #RVA! Our February Line Dance Class is happening on Friday, 2/17, at 7PM, at 1400 Idlewood Ave. Check out photos on Facebook!
Let me know if you need any help! :)
<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0>smelling like you is perfect.
Just because someone smiles all the time, doesn't mean their life is perfect.
is it really only 19? Goodness ..
ready for
Because Vince believes in Phil Mendelson and doesn't want confusion to cost him his job. He has a microphone and wants to help.
hey you guys want to be a part of this #Cohesia event Im organizing??
Lucky you
I know the feeling RT : Delayed in Denver
I'm laike bawling in my office thinking about his daughter.
Ah, I was wondering where my exhaustion had gone. There you are, you old so-and-so.
Aww mann :( I'll try not to spoil it for you. I'm just amped! Two of my favs goin at it tonight!
2am why am I still awake?! I gotta get to the airport.
Just watched the Blago press conf, which seems to have come from an alternate universe (where he was impeached for helping sick people). WOW
Day one of spring cycling camp: 60 miles, 7000 feet of climbing.
#ICNY - Straight from Brad Inman's mouth- Brand your own brand not someone else's
Keep supporting our beautiful girl (: . Y'all know what it is .
Thanks for the Follow!
we're at for lunch from 11-1:30 tomorrow!
I'm making a summer bucket list rn,so if you wanna add anything,tell me!c:
ManU Report: City still in our shadow – Fergie
I'm so excited you could almost say that "I don't wanna wait..."
lol i hate being single.....
6th anniversary THIS weekend at the mocha lounge! Look out for drink specials!
Marketing tip: Got a #bizcard? Write the date, place and what you talked about on the card. Unless you're in Japan or China.
Hope if they play him correctly
Hey #Ward5: Every #vote counts! Esp in the rain! RT I was just voter # 3 at precinct 44 in the
mm no me van a dejar hacerlo
Hell of a game! do Howard or Smith Twitter? On to the next one.
I love how Kanye gets emotional in some of the songs he makes!
Am following the #12ntc - looks good for everyone interested in #socialmedia +
chace hits that one.......
A mother's love for her child is like nothing else in the world. --Agatha Christie
Comfort Inn Vancouver/Portland has an Oregon Zoo Package for $109. Book online @ www.vancouverwahotel.com Includes hot breakfast too.
for sure because you work there... >:)
OMG lol watching & on YouNow && watching on USTREAM haha this is nice . . .
Did you know that every tweet is archived at the Library of Congress and is a permanent record of our generation?
thanks Patryk. your CUNY mission statement project sounds great too. would love to know what you find.
Michigan State, I'm going to be veeeerrryy upset if you don't start winning.
Here we go again!!
Just downloaded the soundtrack to The Fugitive on iTunes. Oh my dear heavens!!!! I forgot how amazing it is!!!
.: lawyers will one day be part of the hacking process. [this is likely something many coders explicitly *fear*]
iPhones are cool because they just work... I will probably miss the google/andriod seamless integration...but probably not.
Shrimp Po' Boy from for lunch today. Messy, but so delicious!
A lady might contact me about a job today. :D
The #Futurama opening line was too small. Someone say what it was!
Nichols' political analysis is a different kind of animal from ours. He spends more time on the editorial side, which we avoid.
Summer is getting so close (:
thanks :) I love you too <33
only in egypt would you want to sex up your dead wife, in america we dont want sex with the wife while shes alive. Smh
But have you done all 20 ways of kissing lol ": I'm way passed the kissing chapter."
Mock exam tomorrow
yeah buddy!
than hes a beotch. you nice he shouldnt have broke up with u!
How do you like the 1D as compared to the 350D? I'm considering upgrading at some point & wonder whether it's worth it.
Wings! Wings! Wings! Wings! Wings!
There's a very small yodeling pickle in the lobby but I don't think she's going to have time to see him. I feel bad.
Pilates For Golfers
Hi! How are things going with the videos? Just checking in to see if you have any questions.
havin heart is somthin u can't ride the fence wit r fake...either u do r u don't
Stepbrothers is Will Ferrell at his best.
i just stole that off facebook lol from moomoo stat
Connection keeps getting reset so at least we know they are trying.
thanks for the #WW hugs!
My head hurts..
Hoping you made it back from Kansas without losing or forgetting any keys, or getting the lock cut on the trailer at 5 a.m.
sure, but you first. (:
two words. Cosplay.
"in the next 100 days I will seriously consider losing my cool"
“Be careful of your actions. You never know when your creating a memory.”
NYK Dropping 3's right and left on the Celtics
Why do guys have to be so dumb.
I love when avid readers adopt you as one of their shelf Authors.
A shoutout to my homeys!
thanks! Glad you like them! :)
Turns out the Ferris Bueller ad is for Honda. I hope Cameron's dad places an angry phone call to them for getting us excited about a car ad.
friends with benefits
Wash Post:"...if you aspire to work,or advance,in Washington. Twenty-eight percent of the over-25 population here has a master’s or PhD
Would love to see more systematic discush of Twitter as potential research/side-project sharing platform.
my lil boo is going to be getting all those bitches. fuck bitches and get money is his motto
RT this is Kei Kamara is your fantasy captain for this weekend.
RT : ....what a day for football - the worlds greatest game!
Anyone noticing the new enviroment in the music industry?
Everything is a lie until it's proven to be the truth.
Missing concert tonight :(
thanks! You're da bomb!
Up & Open on this rainy Monday morning. Come OUT & get our Strawberry Kissed Mocha to warn you up. Savings continue w/ 50% OFF almost ALL!
I like agents who do not discourage easily.
Correction: will be on Friday night's show. Joker & UofL 2005 vs. 2012 Thursday
Monsanto brought us DDT and Agent Orange. If you care about the environment, or are a Vietnam veteran, take note.
Yeah I like G better than geek sound too. But i heard the hard g somewhere and doubt crept in. :)
Aye lil chad got loads of swagg !!!!!
Haven't done any trivia in a while... who's game?
love the new design and content- looks great!
hey now, they need to get past the Magic first ( yes I #BelieveInMagic, ha)
$4 Bud Light Pints for the rest of March! $1 goes to the Red Cross for tornado relief! New shots too!!
I'm gonna miss u today!
#20ThingsAboutMe 8. My son is the 1st out of 11 grandchildren in the family 2 break a bone!!
your fucking high!
#bizforum most companies can barely use current data effectively/ efficiently. Yet many turning into data 'hoarders'.
...eliboM m'I
all the great movements started with just ONE person being brave and bold and cheeky.
CURRENT RATE OF GROWTH, URBAN SPRAWL, AND THE BIG PROBLEM OF A CULTURE THAT THRIVES ON THROWING THINGS AWAY. I CHIMED "THEORY AND PRACTICE
Can I just lay by a pool. In the sun. With a Hott boy. And a beer of course.
it's August WAIT A SECOND..
amen sister. all that holds us back is our attatchments to unworthiness.im letting it go!
We believe that the New Testament teaches that Jesus' successor will fulfill the prophecies about the coming messianic priest-king.
<3 : No precincts in yet from Menominee County. Expecting strong Muppet turnout.
#ifihadanickeleverytime I hear someone say "Casey Anthony"... I would have enough money to make her tell the truth.
Tell your daughter Happy Birthday> Age? /I'm listing stuff on Ebay so TTYL..
#ssdd #Same #Shit #Different #Day bra
1st 100 bundles sold in under 6 minutes. It was crazy!!!
That's a better spot to be in on #OpeningDay - Double Garabatos all day!
uh duh, sheesh!
It looked like coach Grantham was channeling his inner Erik Russell with the bloody lip.
I started buying presents this weekend
..me too! Like hydrangeas in modern crystal, & the perfect mixture of textures...mirror/mohair/metal w/ statement antiques
you said that! I love that song. You guys need to record a duet also!
#AlGreen always makes me smile.
Thanks for supporting our educational mission!
haha good point
Just felt to two sonic booms in Seattle! WTF? It shook the whole house!
You guys are making me feel bad for being bored by Austerlitz when I read it 9 years ago. Maybe I'll try it again.
I am wrapping up today's and this week's work.
This is great. Do tell more about secret plant play area!
I want to watch it with you :3 lol jk
A huge thank you goes out to the beautiful and & the stunning for being amazing actors/actresses
Great Taxi service in Baltimore. Yes it's possible. Follow me. BaltTservice Improving taxi quality. Stopping scary rides.
RT : its easy to come up with melodies for pop beats tho..they basically all the same
come see me I'm in the study hall room about to leave soon
If she never farted into her Yak Bak
Hi there Adam! How's my old stomping grounds? Would LOVE to hear what's happening with the good Curry peeps.
that is to say 7-year affordable term
TONIGHT Move over Jay Leno -We got Louis Van Amstel, Lisa Walter,Fox News Jennifer Griffin& singer Elan 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Wednesday, Dec. 21 145pm Aston Villa vs Arsenal Manchester City vs Stoke City Fulham vs Manchester United Wigan Athletic vs Liverpool
closest they may ever get.
Omg, how am I gonna survive this election cycle?
Rise and shine - share that killer smile with the world - much love!
I Mite Change My Twitter Name Tho
sorry for your loss. your dad was a librarian, interesting.
Who are these freakin refs...u kidding me
#FF Bring on the giggle water!
Just saw a dog owner yell "I am NOT happy with you" as she gave her dog a treat. Uh...
#dickinsonproblem no light in the bathrooms
TROLOLOLOLOLOLOL <U+E412>RT : When you're drawing a cartoon version of a cannon and everyone thinks it's a giant penis.
On another note having 3 Sweetheart Fireman watch me run around in a wet Tshirt at 1AM must have been a site-They were SO Nice ;-)
Good morning del I hope you have a great day
Why am I still up? Time for bed
Bored out of my mind.
Spent the morning working at the Tenderloin School's Family Fun Fair. Lots of sunshine and happy kids.
I can't believe I'd never read Flotsam! It's great!
Bus will be leaving at 7:25!! Be on TIME!! See everyone there
I see lol
According top the book we're reading in 's class, "the more disorganized your brain is, the smarter you are."
i love asking stupid questions that sound really dirty like, "do you shower NAKED?" or "do you pull down ur panties when u take a shit?"
Starting a project plan for our next eLearning adventure. System best practices. plenty of case studies to come!
I might be gone for min but I'm here rt now
We want to serve you so the more information we have from you about how to do that better, thanks, thesilktie.com
Coffee time and ready for a busy week ahead!
I Dont Know You And Im Not Going To Take The Time To Care If You Hate Me
“The City of Samba” | kontramensch
Have you checked out the brand new 3Bet.us website yet? Massive 33% off XMas sale going on now!
In Nashville and Martina McBride is stumping for Payton Manning to join the Titans.
Thanks! Can you DM me your email? Would love to show you early demo!
I love my brother : ) it's so good to hang out with him again
The rangers HAVE to win tonight, if they don't imma cry myself to sleep :'(
Its so nice out right now
RT Stay hurtable. Stay human. Stay open. It's always worth it.
Thank you to all that supports me and my music passion.....I would never stop doing what I love to do.....
all good grrl, you reppin' over the pond. Much love
Out here at Mound and Wilson where 81 year old man was shot while inside his home...well have latest at 11
Sup playa! Oh I felt so gangsta saying that:D
#BandsILove All the way :)
It was lovely, although I cheated—parked at the Info Center lot and biked from there, as my bike is *not* street legal.
Volunteering at Hospice tonight! It's been a while since I've been there.
huh? The red sox aren't having a PA announcer to honor the guy. Aka the right thing to do
Do you use software comparison charts in buying decision-making? What's missing?
I jus tirn all my nitemares into wet dreams
trying to aggravate me w/ the FSNgirls tweet? Barf always! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
hey girlfriend
When Jeff has soccer<<< <U+E018><U+E113> <U+E421>
Steak time at outback!
Congratulations to for winning the #Twitter #contest! Yay!!!
-Think Like A Man was GREAT! Everybody must see, congratulations on your success!
We've scanned nearly 1,500 pages of Civil War primary sources from 15 regional institutions!
Scrimmage tomorrow for soccer! :P not really in the GAME mood yet. & I'm also trying to talk my mom into signing me up for dance class! :D
Nothing confuses me more than a self-confident fatty
#IfIwonthelotterytonight i would take my neighborhood out
Managing The Stress In Your Small Business When you put out your shingle that says open for business, you immediately take on 10-14 jobs
Very Nice!!
Sorry to miss you! Next time. I used this topic for the health comm course too:)
Oh awesome! I'll have to check them out this weekend. Thanks!
Sign up for Directv now and get 6 monthes of the best package free!! Call 1-800-390-3065 and use promo code 29055 for extra savings.
It is time for your pledge on BLUEGRASS SATURDAY MORNING! Stay tuned for a special matching grant during the 10 o'clock hour.
never tried that place! there's cool bars downtown, the Ottawa Tavern in particular is fun & has good food too.
Steakhouse tonight!!!!!!!
is nobu open? You available at all this week?
I fucking tried, idk what else to do
A good but weird facelift I'd bet!
"How can you not love Niall? He's like a teddy bear you press its tummy and it says "I love Bieber" -Zayn Malik.
Sometimes life lobs you softballs and sometime hand grenades. I hate the hand grenades.
I'm great myself......jus made lasagna
HOP into the weekend w/ & tonight! 9p is Music & 6p is 5th Annual Bunny Hop Bar Crawl. 950 W Webster Ave Chicago
thank you, Jake. Very kind of you. Let's set up a coffee next week?
I think I'm dumb, maybe just happy
B back later fam....gotta get my grub on right quick!! #sundaydinner on deck!!
: I shall stick with the safer choice of :)
well go pacers!!!
hahaha, ok, will do!
Hey Big Dawg!
no I'd make fun of you & be like AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA GINGER HAHA
Yeah , it is ! I'm not going to have time to eat lunch . I'm going to waste away to nothing .
Haha "spice up" and "jewelmint" what a contradictory ad. xD
Great #jazz being played by Thomas Simmons now 'til 6am on
Blazers fall short in their comeback bid and lose 94-89 to Camby and the Rockets...How about Dragic? I like that guy!
#Bristol Palin is famous for one thing: fucking. oh yeah, ruining her mother's conservative morels, that's 2......so...
Transit Not Tolls!
...working on it
ew. not a hazelnut fan or a flavoured coffee fan. you have my sympathies.
your black dress in the parent hood at the dance >>>
Hacksaw is our resident Recondo!
Awesome list. Thanks for the recs!
it's showhouse season & we're so excited to participate in: & the DreamHome @ the
I haven't been sick yet this month, but for the 4th time in Feb, I'm on the verge of getting a cold.
“: The rapper Fabolous gives a shoutout to the UK basketball team in his new song "My Team Winning". Lyrics to follow...”
RT : NEWS ALERT: The universe doesn’t revolve around you or me.
ok I will follow you back... how did the evening turn out at work today? Boring?
Will I find some Twitter time today? Follow me and find out!
Hello harry, Have a nice day !! :)
Watching the movie Grown Ups i love that movie!! Adam sandler is so funny so is kevin james and chris rock !! :D :D
Generation Productions welcomes creative developer Paul Webb to the team.
I'm thinking about releasing a dubstep track this weekend, what ya'll think? :)
Joshua took me to go adopt a puppy! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> Ima be a mommy to my second baby, a yorkie <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
ohh I see
I used to live there. Along Wilshire. Good luck Tony! You'll b just fine big man!
coming from Arlington into MD -- 66 or GW parkway? Let me know what to take!!
ACT tomorrow.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
It's one of my favorite phrases... and it means it's almost summer.
2012/ Red Hook Summer, a movie to see!
OMFG @ monsters telling to die! Talk about crossing the line! Some of you are disgusting pigs
You don't take AMEX? Charles Barkley would call that turrible
Shots of black cherry run. Good idea? Yes?
Audrey thinks she's punishing me by not texting me back. I'm having a Backstreet Boys jam session and painting my nails.
Bar for beer and burgers. Wine at home. Redbox rentals... add 'em up and it is as close to perfect as it can get without Shannon here.
I'm liking it better than City & City, characters are rich, just wish he would move plot faster, would be great 300 pgs vs 500
Really hoping 's digital humanities class doesn't fill up before new student registration starts!
Fast 5 is the best of the series. More Heist than Car Racing.
I don't want to hear that you have plenty to talk about
thanks for the Buzz guys!! Keep up the good work :)
...but public question for #activateNYC12 is why, if #opengov is agreed, we lack #opengovdata today- LoC institution refuses to #FreeTHOMAS!
Kind of loving how much every day is not the same.
Wile E. Coyote finally caught the Road Runner...technically.
Super Mario bros. Is the best video game EVER!
light it up -- cz im a smoker
Good Morning Tweeties!!!! Today is going to be a WONDERFUL day!!!!
Left my phone home which sux
"An ancient script asks: 'Would you let a man rule the city who cannot even rule his own spirit?' Sometimes we do. --Jim Rohn
naw i aint rich but om far from being broke shout out to Spread Squad Ent
mitt romney = bobby newport
ugh, I'm with you. The name I just came up with sounds more like an ice cream flavor than a town name!
Why would it be important, from a preservation perspective, for a JPEG2000 file to have between 5 and 32 decomposition levels? Why not 4?
Passed a gas station in Clermont tonight with a line of cars wrapped around it because sadly $3.39 a gallon is now a bargain.
it's okay but I would prefer to be at home :D and I enjoy talking to u ;)
I spy snow.
I'm having a fucking ball right now
In Sandy, logging video in live van, eating a Joe's donut, watching snow fall outside.. Rocking out to Phil Collins. How's your work day?
what's up my brotha! just checking in, praying that you are still fighting the "good fight of faith!". Be encouraged Pastor Phil
"Don't ask if you don't want the answer." A concept I use to laugh at is now becoming very familiar.
i actually felt like lookin like somethin today lol..
Season 3 of Burn Notice is not ordered correctly on streaming service. Any chance you can looksie?
Merry Christmas everyone!!!!
I'm not talking about getting Crunk
Bring a current resume and 3 show proposals! See you there*
For a lot of ppl, the weekly paycheck is 'take-home pay' bc home is the only place they can afford to go w/it. -C.A. Jaffe
we help nonprofits who have Blackbaud software. We had a booth here at sci fair. Way beat and ready to crash!
There should be more singing convos. Can we just put on a cabaret? People would actually enjoy that and stay awake
Webcam would increase the file size of the total file because it is full motion video. What is the difference in file sizes?
Aww well get better! :) Just listen to our music in anticipation for the next show :D
One direction, they are HORRIBLE ACTORS, but i dont mind <3
I wish I could come
"How could it be?..She wrote her number down, it's here in front of me..Don't understand..She must have told me a lie..I wonder why?"
Wow. <--- all I can say in regards to last night.
Big butt and boobs..? And my mom doesn't. Isnt it obvious? I MUST be part Kardashian.
#askselena if the world left you ,justin & taylor,only two can survive,who will u choose to survive with?
Can't believe I got duped by again! I'm waiting to see how they resolve this boondoggle...tryna support but #CmonMan!
I feel you on that one cuz
wow phils are in the eastern cellar? what's up ?
That was an incredibly emotional game, still so proud of SC
Pretty much had a falling out with my older sister yesterday.....she said some really hurtful things. Maybe they're true?
me neither! would love to see you before i leave town!
College Softball >>
Done with a 15 hour work day! Ready for some fun
I am going to get another one soon. So you are going to have to hurry up and catch up!
#Turf on #AGT last night was incredible.. great moment.
please you follow..my heart.
according to a kid in my English class Brodeur is the best goalie in NHL history, agree or disagree?
Fuck this class
roger that. Layer up! See you round the farm!
Why is it when u have the downstairs apartment it always sounds like Dumbo the elephant lives upstairs?
RT : hey #sachat folks, a great discussion is happening over on #emchat about silos across campuses. jump in!
RT : The way you describe others is an admission & description of your own views on life.
Thx for the retweet Nicolas! How are things in London?
I just got a for toenail fungus laser treatment. Wtf? Not the loveliest of flash sales.
yeah I love his accent! He's so sweet too! :)
when are you coming back to chicago to teach?
I Wanna get my hair done in some kinki twist with black n red or just black hmm what you thank ?
aiy LOVE what im seein righ now! Esp bein a gr8 teammate out there even with the foul trouble.
Dang u android keyboard! Why must u make me feel like Shrek! Tiny buttons are making Hulk angry...texting takes forever. Sad face.
Now followin Back .
Jealous as hell of everyone celebrating cinco de mayo
Are you gonna do more stories ?:D
well that's what you get for never hitting me up...
and me, with soup.
my day was just made!
that's all I do jajaja
I hate seeing post the same stuff over and over...
Free Willy doesn't have the happiest of endings
thank you
After that convo with Leah i feel better. :)
Looking for about 30 people to participate in the Twestival Flashmob this month. Email us if you are interested. Please RT.
Sunny afternoon in ATL. At Turner Field preparing for the Braves LIVE pregame show.
hell yeah !!
1 more follower!!
Fuck you. Fuck everything about you.
Ima DL it soon as I get in da house
“: Yo realtalk S/O to dat great nap I just took.. But now I'm up & ready to "POP & GO"#LetsGetIt #UnleashTheManimal” Go Nugs
does anyone want to trade tweets? we can retweet eachothers' tweets. Hit me up!
My weakness is I care too much.
I loved pretty little liar favorite show ever :)
She's sick at Twitter.
So many Asian guys around UCLA I'm officially calling it The Joy-Fuck Club.
- we're indeed taking the appropriate precautions for
KATE FREAKING NASH.
Todays soup of the day is for all the vegans. Its roasted eggplant and asparagus with bowtie pasta.
biebsss I love u u r amaziing love boyfriend can't wait for the vid well gotta go love u follow back please <3 thank u
New song comming out called "Hatin on me Cause Im Gay " All for #Team'Royalty <3
tell her great job from me! I was working the water stop at mile 10. What is her next race? Old man river half marathon for me
Tomorrow at 11:30: World Cup Soccer Paraguay Vs. Spain! Come in and cool off with $15 buckets of beer!
#1 thing not to say to your parents: i'm bored. You will instantly be put to work.
Decide to Conquer > wonder into Defeat
I would love for everyone to stop being such dicks
It's an 80's pop kind of day.
you disappoint me..
Went to class without anything but my iPhone. All I need!
Private investing seems much safer than the public markets today. We are working on further reducing the risk. Stay tuned.
Thanks for the RT today Matt! Have a wonderful evening!
I will for sure come back soon! Thanks again!!! :) :)
Looks like 'Shampoo,' which I've never seen. Tix sold out during pre-sale - might have to be a member to go in the future.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>RT : Can't wait until Obama pass that no braids over 25 law.
so we will pick up a few years later at the start of Season 5?
Get to know nearly 170 breeds. See 2,000 dogs compete for breed, group, and best in show prizes. See top agility dogs each day!
Got my sunglasses back! (:
Turning in my final printed copy of my thesis. And then I will be done with graduate school!
Just wait till your older...the bathroom always comes first.
Always a pleasure to have you in here!
Hell yea lol
Loving the #XFactor tonight!
We're just as psyched... excited & enthralled! RT : Opening night of my new piece "Sueño de mármol" Psyched!
"my favorite movie is ratttitoui"
is one of my favorite shows!
Forget the project!
Same to you!
Morning, lovelies! Happy Friday!
Pretty sure I just shared a unisex bathroom with Courtney Love.
Did you get a chance to check it out?
“: What do you wanna be when you grow up?”// present & content.
Yes! Help me!
RT RT all presos from #gov20e will be posted to blip.tv--look for links on the gov2expo.com site OSA ppt
Stacy Keibler's hair and makeup is fabulous. Gold statue like dress - awful.
Love it! I love being able to track my distance,calorie burn,and listen to music on my watch!No heart rate monitor though
#DiscountDoubleChoke is trending... ouch
From 3-6p M-F we are open to women, children, and families. We serve snacks, a hot meal, and have an exciting activity going on! Tell some1!
damn bro! 11 followers?! Your getting big time mang!
Me: "I'm going to be outside the Supreme Court tomorrow b/c they're hearing Affordable Care Act oral arguments." Dad: "OK. Wear sunblock."
Random thought: I want to punch Wilfred in the snout. Then throw his bong in the sea.
if you aint got no liquor or weed tf we talm bout ? , o_O .
I went to sing
haha hope it was because of the "draft thing" and not the "other thing"
Just found out that my buyer doesn't have money until after Dec. 31 but he's on a skiing trip right now. Bah Humbug
I can NOT wait to see you in one week :) and little miss! And mr. ewp :)
Happy Birthday to !!!
something very strange...
Half hour until Monday night Raw !
Start up looking for an investor or Partner! Online auction/listing company that Rewards shoppers! LUCKeSHOPPER Reward yourself for shopping
Thanks for the mention
One year ago today, I woke up connected to a ventilator and multiple tubes and IVs. By that time, my Mom had already made the trip from VA..
the schedule says Student Affairs Conference room. That's inside the Student Affairs office
Woohoo can't wait....going to city walk later!!!!
Best advice I have heard in a long time: "Don't give up... never ever give up."
Hey i'm in town next week for an Elle Decor party @ CountryFloors Y don't U come? text me your email and I send U an e-vite
SSD Makes a HUGE difference in performance, it's worth it
I do not say that. Perhaps you are thinking of an additional Keanu.
Creative meeting for new project started as psychological thriller and ended as a major car chase. No more coffee.
Always remember that every morning you wake up with yourself and the only person you have to impress is yourself. " -Donald Trump
Making gingersnaps and fruitcake and waiting for the snow.
How the eff am I awake? Not to mention, drinking water.
143<U+2665>, follow me please! You're on my mind, in my life, in mi hearth! Your voice is amazing; congratulations! :D
happy b-day xaivier
Check in to on Foursquare during tonights game for a shot at a bobblehead!
Amazing prayer for the unborn given by Jesus... please check this out.... Prayer warriors on my facebook...
Seems people need to study why Xerox Parq was so successful. Doesn't seems any brands are trying to copy today.
what state u currently at?
Go Coyotes!!
ya. I guess so
I love this song cuz I get so stay with my dad until new years and I haven't seen him since he got stationed in hawaii!!!
10k for Zimmermans arrest, come on
Hi, I'm Howie Rose!
Blocked by the rookie Brad Jones!
Nope you can still send stuff in :)
These people NEVER take our advice&then they complain wen there STUCK n a long line!!Friday Night/Broadway Bar/ARRIVE EARLY!!
iPhone shuffle: Rocky Votolato to Jay-Z. Huh.
HOUSE OF BLUES THIS SUNDAY IM THERE ON THE MIC ALL WHITE LETS GO!!!
On my way back to the Recording Studio.
Such a nice day in the sun with and
Makes sense to me!
Bout to hoop
hi! how long are you there?? I'm going this week too.
THURSDAY (cont'd) - OK crime-fighters, time to get serious about this NCAA Tourney - This is REALLY One & Done!
The Young at Art Museum just opened last weekend! Hispanic event is 1st hosting! Beautiful facilities!
thanks Sharon!
My pleasure
Amazon puzzle: EC2 has a lot more competition other services (S3, etc.), yet pricing for other services come down but not EC2. How come?
Got dick on call ass bitch
: I appreciate when people tell me when my ideas are dumb and explain why. I guess we're different in that way.
or Dakota's referring to the movie anchorman. Haha best movie ever. But idk!
I asked you on March 29th if you thought he would come back and you said "Nope". Glad you were wrong though lol.
So i got isap tomorrow.... oh well- better than being in class anywayss
That sounds better than fresh tennis shoes!
Electricity is available. Have a computer, camera & iPod.
RT “: Did FSSW just miss the first pitch again?” >>> amazing. They did it again!!>>who is running that thing??
I'm not sure if I applaud Mattel or am just annoyed.
Embrace you dreams. And, whatever happens, protect your SOLDIER honor. -Zack Fair
#DesignMoreOfLessOf: Less Intellectualizing. Less talk, more do.
High School Freshmen Enrollment tonight!!! Scared & excited at the same time!!
Just finished up training and not at the gym than some bag work and mits
I'm watching lacrosse at the same time.
THANK YOU!!! *muah*
please follow me
Our biz dev tweeps:
Only a gift for no reason - a real gift ..
Who died?
Stop! "I am a leaf on the wind"
#newmotto from Jasmine V I Love Haterz RT it
Hey, Larry, could you follow us and we'll shoot you an invite through DM?
RT : Get sessions scared ass outta here
Have a kick *** Conference!!
Well is becoming a relative term - n'est ce pas? Doing fine and hope same is true for YOU. Got your DM - done deal!
WUT did u do?!:O
They have provided such amazing quality for a price we could actually afford
What a long day at work!!
was so awesome on #AmericanIdol I really need to see them in concert
Up nice an early ready to dominate are soccer semi final then take home the beer mugs and trophy in the final.. Wish me luck
Reminder: Get your photo/logo mashup pics to our wall by the end of Friday. Best one becomes our Profile Pic. Spread the word.
Hunter Hayes is a beautiful man
Center Raiola on the sidelines w/a tied ballgame at 19
Just wanted to check - is #Wayzgoose a family friendly event?
just chillin...check out my music, and add my myspace eh?
I have to go. You're a horrible person. A HORRIBLE PERSON!!
I just wanna go to the mountain tops and yell :(
Hello to Michaels class. Have a great semester!
heading out to the Kensington Christmas Bazarre with my American Girl Doll Beds :) Wish me luck!!!!
“: A #Taurus male may take some times to open up to you but once they fall for you, they are yours forever.”
And won.
Got staples on my d**k (why) f*ckin’ centerfolds
Totally in love with everything at right now! Watch their makeover segment on tomorrow!
Check out and follow and
Work is so often the best solution for most problems. The best solution - not the easiest.
George Nelson Roll Top DeskAction office series 2 drawer 1960's Herman Miller was $3,500, now $1900! not valid with any other discounts
Absolutely LOVING your remix of Lovetrack.. Cant stop listening to it!
Where are you? It's raining.
can paula dean just shut the fuck up? she sounds like a retarded hilljack.
How about 1pm at Mo'joe Coffee House on Thursday?
Kobe ain't getting shit easy...
Just saw Thor. Hey did you know you're in that? You looked cute.
when i lived in Prague the concrete staircases up to my (4th floor) first flat were held up by telegraph poles...
Marsha Semmel emphasis: informal learning occurs across generations -how museums and libraries are crossing physical-digital bounds
You have more sparks than a bolt of lightning I love Bruno!!!!
I'm hanging in there.. Life has been a whirlwind of changes, but I'm just trying to take it one day at a time :)
I love your tweets
on the lake
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways return your messages and calls .
I would if I didn't have the babe. Feel better!!
there's a great ipad app called pear note. you record & your notes are given a timestamp so you just tap the note & skip to the part
lololololololoololol my mum will stab me.
i remember you and tw were at our place watching that episode and ended up missing your ferry to see him interview ralph nader
Masters Home Improvement Uses Oracle Retail Platform to Support New Business Growth
"Success is the prize for perseverance." - NSD, Barbara Sunden
chin up! (and grab more coffee) it's my IV today.
i dont know how to work with this shit. its so confusing
Happy Birthday to #COLABpdx - enjoy your first beer!
Semi-irregular, bathroom-mirror rock-star,Network Marketer, Crimefighter, overeater, lovingleader, Guitarist
#FF Best Sixers blog in the world: and its good-looking writers and
Natalya dragged me on a 3.5 mile run this morning. Obviously we have different opinions on "enjoying" our day off.
Thought of the day: I really adore my customers. They are, on a whole, quite amazing.
That was mentioned.
Sad to hear the news about Maurice Sendak. What was your favorite book/illustrations? Mine has always been Little Bear.
Wow, right over your head...
It's rainy I'm cold and I wanna cuddle..
"Fixies" are for asshats. It's a Track Bike!! For a velodrome!! Not for riding around lookin' like a colored clown on a shit built SE Draft.
Rock on with your bad self! Onward and upward as always! :)
I'm about to KO on the forreal
Bail has been denied for Arthur Anaya, 54, of Santa Fe. Anaya is charged with shooting to death two tenants who were late with their rent.
See George tomorrow morning on FOX 6 between 8&9am cooking for the
Ready for my first non-corporeal opera experience! Watching Das Rheingold simulcast live from the MET. Sad there's only a few people here.
So on fire so in love. Way back when we couldn't get enough. <3
: And all this time I've been writing love songs,sexy slow jams&feel good uptempos,I should've just written the fish song http:/ ...
I just love case studies. Doubly so if they are written in a novel type format!
he used his powers for evil, and now he heals Abed
When guys assume that girls are their own cleaning ladies ,Honestly I don't even clean my own room .
Wastin my time
He, awesome. Thanks.
NAW NAW NAW..WHEN KEEPING IT REAL GOES WRONG!! WATCH YOUR BACK DESTINI..LOL. I'M COMING OUT THE TREES
'twas the beginning of a beautiful, musical friendship
just hit me up
with melo at the 4 they should play good but losing shump hurts
I'm not going to give in.
No doubt. Can't stop us from dominating always! BOOM!
Austin-based and all make the 2012 IR Top 500 ecommerce sites list.
Holidays are over.... New Years get away is over. Let's go sell a house!
YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL !!
Our bridges burned down
Conference #2 this year with a sighting. I decided introducing myself to him in the men's room wasn't the best social option.
People give me hell for sleeping in late. But I'm up late. I need sleep or I don't look good. I'd rather be awake for 3 hours and look good.
Kingwoo Solo Album Stupid Trapping Coming Soon
this one is special.. She's obsessed with Jack... Different kind of BA
i could really use some shots right now
they were $49 with taxes and what not. if you dont want them ill keep them. haha they fit me
Congrats! Great app idea, BTW! CC
If you bought a pregnancy test at Dollar General cause that's all you could afford, I assume you conceived the baby in a Walmart bathroom.
More popular than #thefonz statue MT : Uecker: "We're going to invite pigeons. I'm holding a stand, it's a feeder-type thing."
who is this idiot you have on the radio who just said the Rangers Windows is closing as they are getting older?!
Sheltered By Skies help me out and RT this =D #thankyou!
WE HAVEN'T FACETIMED IN LIKE 2 WEEKS. What is wrong with us. :o
being still before heading out for a hike to Paulina Lake
Think with your mind and not your heart or you're destined to get hurt.
All right! Rangers win! Have a great night and I'm ready for the Kings to kill the Coyotes tomorrow!
People create such funny posts on tumblr lol
cool. i've walked by there before. will have to pop in sometime.
Girlfriend tip: Look nice when traveling because that's when you can meet rich business men.:)
I'm sorry that it does.
ill save my words to make the most of it i never meant to be gone so long do you still remember my touch at all
Better know history Shows If You Wana Win Rings You Either Go To Boston or Laker Land....Not A Miami Heat Spot
Loved it! He was my fave.
Leadership - No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent.
I checked u out and I think we could do something....when u get some time send me a track to jump on I will DM u my email! :)
sounds interesting
Kobe's wife is treating him like Mike Brown, huh. Still not acknowledging him.
I saw the video & ur making a story out of nothing. Don't you have anything else to write about?
Notice Beautiful was the Last quality I mentioned In my Last text because I'm mature & smart enough to know that "BEAUTY IS TRULY SKIN DEEP"
Good stuff.
Omg I need a
omg I love Starbucks I can't believe u never had it b4 haha did u enjoy
I'm eatin sun dip right now
You are, therefore you'll be.
The best feeling comes when you realize that you are perfectly happy without the things once you thought you needed the most.
Congrats on your achievements!
It all starts with Rondo..If they stay healthy and Doc keeps their minutes down they will be there..
get ur ambition, get yourself, that's all you need. We are ready for the in www.nxtarrow.com
Look at all those classic movies, "Caged Heat"...etc!
I'm self employed. I had 2 learn years ago 2 keep my anger in ck. Big plans for immed prior to retirement. I will rage then!
I should've took a nap today.. Lol
Congrats David, you deserve it! :)
We'll be hosting College Nights every Thursday at Cowboys in Arlington from now on.
Always wanted to be on a trivia game show? Baruch is hosting THINKFAST, an interactive trivia game, at 6pm! Come win up to $500 in prizes!
Then AP English meeting tonight. Dx
I don't even wna understand what that picture is of. But I use Burt's bees, that's not mine thank god
Do other people listen to the same soundtrack over and over and over again? =P
Hey our page is an Orlando based sketch comedy group. Anyway you could give us a shout out?
Special prayers for Norway...
You know what, yes, I would think so. The circumstances it would take for Dropbox to engulf our bandwidth should be rare. Hm
has 3 so ya, apparently?
just knock on your floor real hard to get their attention lol
yeah idk just can't see it going that long. Hope sixers celtics does though to give bosh more time. Tryna watch okc la 2nite?
we tried the tortillas yesterday. They turned out really tasty. Regular crepe cake might happen tomorrow
Just heard Marry The Night on the radio it was amazing lmao
Congratulations! RT : Just arrived...my Beta Phi Mu bookmark!
Go see 's production of The Outsiders, it's so good! Tonight at 7:30pm.
Wednesday Night Trivia Bonus Word is : "Resolution" ! See you all at 6:30pm on Wed for some delicious food, drinks, and TRIVIA!!
If they did that I would've bought season tickets. Steph Curry is just fun to watch.
I'm just come out and say it.....I've never seen any of the star wars movie.
Thanks for throwin a medium old dog a #FF bone!! :-}
Thanks for the RT!
i feel like $100 - not a $100 bill, but like, 20 $5 bills. you know, stuff you can use readily and not have to worry about breaking the $100
Well. Almost an entire game. WHATEVER IT'S AWESOME.
#whythefuck is Phillip Phillips still on American Idol?
bank head what can u do i can do it to lohh
and by "you're" I mean "your." So much for my English degree.
Bought a smart phone to be able to check my email at my new career. My email is incompatible with my phone and I'm careerless.
It's funny how people say they miss you, but don't even make an effort to see you.
I would enjoy Internet at the library, but I guess that's too much to ask for.
i wish justin would follow me
figured you'd like that last tweet!
WM's repository hits 400K downloads! scholarship.law.wm.edu. I like to think my papers account for a dozen hits or so.
it's GREAT!!
I had dinner over 4 hours ago
...only those that use the abbreviation "ppl." ;-)
And now we are awake at 9:30am..
The more I look at it the less likely I feel like I'll be in South Afrika.
I'm not the type to sit here and just act like an emotional bitch.
the city is lacking funding but u scoffing nose at medical cannabis $, why
very true. at least she can cry at will. not easy! rt She is fake and cries only for a attention!!!
How's everyone doing today?
try not to kill any of the dumb people while you're @ PSU this weekend.
Javale McGee gets away with a lot of pushing under the basket.
MM fans are only annoying when they bitch about lack of MM. They're cool besides that.
thanks for comin' through.. let's connect back on tha streets..!
#bored indeed.
Yea. Once the review is written I'll share it with anybody that will take it! Def. on mine and a couple friends.
Expect the worst & hope for the best
The only time I'll leave you is the day we die.
whats the matter? yes please help me
Epic Fail ... sigh.
So I meet a friend for dinner and he points out I have a peanut in my scarf. More
bonfire? I'm down.
Me likes Gemologist. What the heck.
I want steak n' shake! My dad won't take me..
So ageism is on the deck. Lots of "boomering" going on
Artists depend upon their fan base to continue making a career of their music!
Milk was a #bad choice.
What do we do when we're bored at 2am? Lauderdale of course.
Hey Sonny (: when r u going LIVE on stickam again ? miss u ..but <3 u (:
I did love his kicks back in the day but that's it.
Vinny, You're legit amazing. You think you could follow me? I would very much appriciate it<3
Where the heck are you? Last time we checked MN had all kinds of good food (also, not an island) :)
happy birthday, Shamere LaShae Shepherd. May your day be all you desire. Luv ya!
At a Japanese steakhouse for the first time ever! If that man flings shrimp at me I just might holla!!! Lol
Bored at the mall with text me
You just mind your business.
Avengers premiere with my boys=great start to summer
is really good at "draw something" <U+E00E>
Going to see and tonight!!!! This will be the best show EVER!
<U+2611>Twitter <U+2611> Tumblr <U+2611> Facebook <U+2611> Youtube <U+2610> Homework.
I just seen her his morning and she looked fine. :/ awh.
Thank you President Obama!
Let me see myself online the way other people see me--the government, businesses, my friends, etc. Czerwinski of Microsoft at
just click the follow button pleasee!!
can you follow me please
wen i have my ipod or wen my phone turns onn .
you've officially "made it". congrats.
Thanks! We're excited about it. So nice to create content with all the interesting people in our community.
Timely, candid and on-going feedback from customers and clients is the fuel which should propel any successful business or organization.
you're awesome! thanks for coming over and hangin with us ;) well definitely see ya soon!
Reno Open Data hackers, we are preparing a list of preliminary datasets now. They will be released this week, watch the twitters!
#140cuse Sports social media about to start.
East coast! Wanna package?
I.e., tech reasons alone ("they're old & outdated") are insufficient & often incendiary.
Man, 11 v 11 soccer requires a lot of running. Felt good to get back there. Not better than the Liverpool game though.
People don't follow because of a title. They will only follow you if they know you care.
HAPPY FLIPPING BIRTHHDAYYY TO MY BESTESSTTT FRIEND !!!!!!!
We develop all of our pools from scratch, so you know you are getting the highest quality
maybe a BBQ
did you find any #beepure? I checked Walmart for you, no local honey.
Thank you Tina. You are so sweet! Appreciated! Have a great week.
Going to start studying
Follow these guys they know which way the arrows are pointing. last time i checked they were UP :)
My new food blogging gig with : TOP 5 tailgating recipes, including my jal poppers and grilled key lime guac...
You think we have it bad. You should read about Kangaroo reproductive organs ...
And with that, most of the time I put into my senior year ends. It was a good run while it lasted
Fellas,be like dad and not like sis.Let's lift that lid up before you piss
Not me, Do you ?
That sounds pretty good! But Golden Beetle is a party in your mouth. :-)
Let's go Thunder... Let's go!
So happy that it all worked out for you. Awesome. Coffee again soon?
I like that! #wild blessings to you too!
haha what song? :)
Already a Milwaukee legend
it depends on the person, people are like products in a retail store some are the the real name brand but others are generic
A hilarious avatar will not influence me to follow you. But you'll get my attention.
I GOT IT I'M SO BAD I JUST WANT TO TAKE A SHOT, I GOT IT
« Now EveryBdy From South Philly Cdfu , Never Heard Or Seen Bull Before Dwn The P»<----imposters they hate where there fron
Last long run (9 m) for the #kyderby #MiniMarathon training complete! Only 2 weeks to go!
has the funniest tweets and it always makes mu day. Just a follow from him and thats all i need. Lol
Finally bought a Kindle!!!!!!
I have instructions for making them if you want a scan of that.
"The noblest of all dogs is the hot-dog; it feeds the hand that bites it." by Lawrence J. Peter
Even when I'm working, I'm just in a good mood! It's weird.
yeah??? Hope it wasn't that bad!!!!
I finished all three books of girl with the dragon tattoo and hunger games... now what do I do with my time??
it shall be quite the soiree!
Sittin up watchin impractical jokers this show makes me laugh so hard i forget about stress lmao
Excited for Day 2 of Q1Productions Pharma Conference, then on to Learning Solutions tomorrow. See TeamMaestro there at booth 507!
Can't wait to finish shopping so I can settle down on my couch!
Scrubs..and Tumblr. Also, tweeting. Again.
well duh, how else do you expect them to make it to Superbowl and loose again
Lol I swear you was, you are an attention lover.
I'm awake after midnight for the first time in month's. Time for a St. Bernardus Abt12 before bed.
marry me
The other night, watching some action, I proclaimed "#BallDontLie" and my wife said, "huh?" I said, "nothin, it's a Rasheed thing"
Considering what! Right now I am going to run out and get lunch.
Nymphomaniac: a woman as obsessed with sex as an average man.
There are NO tickets on the door for the Snowball tonight. The last ticket was picked up this afternoon.
sure did. Was great
Know PHP, JavaScript, have e-commerce background? I know an awesome startup in SF that is looking for a technical co-founder. Current found…
That game's over early, right? Will Badgers still start at 7:30, or 30 minutes after that one?
Dont forget, 25%off ANY food and ANY drink thru friday!!!!!!!!
All are but parts of one stupendous whole, Whose body Nature is, & God the soul. -Alexander Pope, 1734
Okay you've got me. I can't whistle... but I CAN train birds.
“: I don't fuck with hard drugs, like na man I'm already pretty doomed for life I don't need dat sheeeeiit.”
“: If y'all could just see what I can see at wow lmaoooo” he goes in!!!!!
Thanks for following everyone! We would love to meet you at our store...
Ha! “: I'm confident Butler doesn't pay players, took us numerous years to get doors on the stalls in the bathrooms in Hinkle”
We are going to attempt to stream the show on justintv tonight, check facebook and twitter later tonight for a link
a website my buddy is trying to start
it sounds like a kidnap.
" Lana Del Rey's Lambasted 'SNL' Perfornance" That's how her music sounds. Weird and off but it's different. Probably why she booked.
live stream online now!
Ditto, fearless leader. <3
awe <3 tear!
Seen Justin Beibers's video for "Boyfriend" lol he's trying to be something he's not with all the dancing and rapping shit lbs
The article has links to that info...
Hey folks.
2.) Stash personal belongings in the seats you won’t be sitting in to prevent them from being Tetris-ed on.
Thanks for the follow - keep in touch as you need resources!
Thank you and nice job on the 10k!
Levander: How can we make discoverable ideas and content that are ‘hidden’ by existing knowledge design systems? (i.e. LOC)
*SPECIALS TODAY* Buy 5 Mystic Tans for $69! Purchase any lotion over $75 and receive 5 FREE UV tans!
RT : Thanks- excited to be in LA! RT : Excited for evening with re: citizenship tonight!
Interesting - #IWillAlwaysLoveYou on tonight - assuming they didn't edit in this part since Saturday
I sound so ghetto on the internet.
I have no school on Monday. That means I can listen to #BOYFRIEND all day ;D <3
Oh. My. God. I've spent my entire afternoon messing with crap because I didn't check file permissions. It hurts me.
*hearts and hugs* to help you get through the weekend.
Whitlows Rooftop crowd control has improved, which leads me to believe the line outside has worsened.
i take a twitter break for like 2 weeks and i lost so many followers :(
I can not believe its almost 5 already....
I heard that like..half of the kids were gone..& why'd you leave early? :D
lol it's pretty cool i won't lie but I miss the people over there!!
that's sacred ground!! #rowofbricks...hope you kissed'um
I know what you did last summer ....
don't forget to hashtag #tdwed this week!
Ladies don't miss out, book your hair appointment for Thanksgiving! (813) 910-2770
Que Paso Amo?
everyone is asleep -.-
Feels so good to be eating healthy regularly again:-) work has calmed down so able to plan meals... Wahooo.
The books were remastered due to feedback on the first book. I hope u still enjoy my performance, tho it sounds different.
Now following ;)
what is 5x5??
Got #Datpiff on lock
I just woke up. Would have been so sad if I'd slept through the race!
this better pay off
Thanks for the follow! :)
Think we going to pullen park today
This game is over
lol finally you took a picture of yourself
Hey all you FAC Heads! Hope you had a terrific Tuesday!! Stop on by tomorrow and receive 4g eighths all day!
Well.....that was a quick weekend.
i'm glad that I finally got to see you too! #itsbeentoolong AND I get to red you wednesday?!
buttered baconed battered beer. Impressive
Thanks to organizers and attendees of #pubcampwest for making my first unconference worthwhile. Some great ideas there. #gorogue!
It's a beautiful day... sitting outside with a cup of tea, ridding the netbook of bloatware.
It's #LemonadeDay all over town. Get our there & support out young entrepreneurs. Sip & Smile :-)
RT : to know a girls never masturbated with toys makes me soo sad!D: lmaoo
exactly right!
for limited time every pair of guie shoes for $45 dlls! contact me at
Hope to see you and others in #foodtech at NYC Open Data Hackathon Sat 19 May.
Thank you. I am also following you.
I have an idea-- someone should do an Adele or Gotye cover!!
Volleyball at the hs tonight with :)
Watching Punk'd and is next. I'm so excited to see it!! :P
Good morning everyone
me i would love to
Cyber stalking some users in a pilot of a new product. Amazed at the bits they reveal on Facebook. Really helps me see into their world.
way.too.loud.
Happy Birthday Dr. King!! May we move ever forward toward being judged by the content of our character.
There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is having lots to do and not doing it. - Andrew Jackson
FOLLOW ME!
I know that Fashion Ave sets trends for the coming months nation wide but I'm not ready for waist high mom jeans to come back yet. Not sexy.
text me when you're up please. Love you!
#whyilovephilly ? well let us know, is it because #phillyhunt gives away prizes to our #awesome followers every week? RT
#Mariners beat the #Yankees 6-2.
me too, but although I use Instapaper and Pocket, I still have more open than I care to.
it was a good movie
I feel bad 4 all the pigs who feel pressured to fly- especially cause southwest def makes them get 2 seats
Hey it's Peyton I go to heritage idk if u member me
The Fay Kanin tribute on Wednesday at the Library of Congress' National Film Preservation Board dinner at the Beverly Hills Hilton was fab.
At the bus stop!
BAMA - ROLL TIDE ROLL
Not a coincidence that I bowled my best game of we bowl in church.
RT : "We can’t solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them." -Albert Einstein
Happy Easter!
tweet tweet mother ducker!
guess I'll be the first to tweet you. Keep up the good work brothers
Well, I mean, that goes without saying.
Almost FRIEND TIME!
LOL! I went to the Soul Assassins studio yesterday & 1st thing I saw was your mag! It came in handy for some necessary rolling ;)
Urban Meyer headed to Columbus? rumors better be true...
They're magically delicious!
Its sum real life desprite girls in the world sad to b apart of yo life smh
is it yours
Called Canon tech support today & learned that my connection problem is probably due to XHA1 incompatibility with FireWire 800.
Bummer about no birthday weekend, but early June will be fun, too.
Not much, what are you up to?
chicago too...73 wednesday!
thanks God bless!
Tonight! We gets busy with guest dj @ LARGE . . .
Precisely why I love watching a batter work the count to a walk.
just saw he was in 8Mile the other day! Kim Bassinger's jerk bf. He was great in Take Shelter
The finals beard is coming in hot right now
Don't forget: FREE orchid arrangement with ANY chocolate purchase while supplies last @ The Chocolate Library. 111 St. Marks Place, NYC
i have a bag that says (music = life)
had to run win restore from safe mode command line, rebooting now
checking out some cool things I'd love to give a away on the show! Keep listening!
Lookin back on my old baby pictures and I was just the cutest little thing! Why did I have to grow up?
Presentation over. Going to catch up on some reading!!
hey ..... My artist has a song for you when you're back in the burgh!
Love a #swinger special vacation 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
The GRiD 1101 is the grand-daddy of all modern-day laptops. It cost over $8000 in 1982.
RT Once you recognize your mistake, recommit to your diet and exercise program immediately.
Some people act alot different on twitter then they do in person.
#FF Please follow , a new non-proit to help people in need of medical equipment and supplies.
not necessarily a representation of the entire fanbase...
I gotta go, but I'll tweet you tomorrow! Bye
My perspective on sleep has changed. I realized I get up in 3 hours, & I thought "huh. not too bad, I'll go check 9gag for a while".
1 time 4 my Lord & Savior Jesus Christ! Can I getta aye mayne!!!
agreed! He's the best and most interesting speaker so far.
Lent Schment. Where is everybody? This has to be the slowest we've ever seen it...
75% of news exposure is content shared via email or social media
Hey miss the hacker xD
Advancing more and more EVERYDAY.
HAHA. i can't thank you enough!
that we are going to fuck shit up this summer....lol
Too early to be diplomatic with people who want to argue via email
The weekend couldn't have gotten here fast enough! Too bad I'm a sickface. :(
Wouldn't world's best security ploy be psuedo- coding. Imagine distraction/hrs spent decoding useless codes? History channel sparked thgt.
You are healed when you can say to yourself, <U+0093>I matter, I belong, I am worthy, I am safe, I can express myself, I am loved.<U+0094>
I finna kick both ya asses.
Yea mun. I'mma keep them coming, at least before i head off in june.
i never see the word bean the same again. LOOL
Cool...I deleted the app maybe I should reconsider - it's everywhere now!!!
We used Patch Superstore (u can imagine URL) They were quick + good + have $ online. They all come from China these days.
okay thats fine
Heck of a competitor our QB is:)
Play your part, before I fuck with your heart.
Listening to zro still fuckin driving cuzz I gotta get to this money. Period.
I <3 sundays...get to lie around in my pj's, do nothing, and relax...sounds good to me:):)
jazz are better for sure!
aww thank u so much <U+2665> you are so nice :)
Hell Yea Bro
So nice out I love it
crater lake was cool. hi california! almost at weed, ca
Jesus loves me for the Bible tells me so.
u guys lost bad in p.e
All the peaches in the fucking world couldn't save that boring ass meeting. Jesus Fucking Christ. #fail <U+E416><U+E113>
My motivation for these classes are slowly getting worse and worse
Thank you. I look forward to knocking on a few doors for Kenyan. We seriously have to move forward as a ward.
glad they're functioning as brain food. Penal Colony is pretty painful. Hardee har.
I need names.
www.DatingChicagoland.com goes live in 2 days! Reason #2 to join: Membership is just $10/month. Unbelievable value for only $10=NO-BRAINER!
Awesome. So you haven't ran into any issues with it?
Don't expect to profit from what you did not invest
To: Board of Education, So are we
RT : Craving a margarita or 2 from !!<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
On top of that, I have no wine. This night BLOWS. *white girl voice*
Will you be flying? Or taking a cruise? Tell me where you are planning on visiting this summer.
Hahaha. It's the truth Gaw. Wait until tonight.
pop into your local #costco and grab a bag of sweet potato for your #superbowl party!! big bag for a big game!
ooh nice:-) haha that CD is my drive to work CD. Always can get into it :-)
Happy Easter Familia: Classes today at Just Dance Studio: Beginner Salsa; Intermediate
I will give $100 to anyone who wins a trophy at the karate championship, places in the dance competion, AND wins a raffle at
yes it is. college football baby! and Buffs on Saturday!
why is it i still love u, even when u broke my heart... u messed with my mind, and u tore my heart apart piece by piece. and i still love u
“: When you and your friend go shopping, and end up buying matching clothes.(:” tee hee
#Obama2012 Oh YES we are! Kyt :j
Is your interview with David Jay available to stream online if we missed it this morning?
Customers' reviews about products influence a new customers buying habits more than salespeople .... thanks
Internally bleeding with thoughts!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
3.I am not that tall.
LA makes me crave Taco Bell/Pizza Hut Express....god I'm a fatass sometimes.
About to get more done to my tattoo :p
It was great to meet you too! Looking forward to hearing more of what you have to say!
Are you made of wheat grass and brewers yeast??
Watching Army of Darkness in Long Beach at the drive-in! Shop smart. Shop S-Mart.
Check out the Indie Rock Invitational tonight! www.gh-iri.com
Huge rise in advertising internship interest from students.
Nobody told me Peter Scolari was in HBO's Girls! Wanted to be him when I was a kid. Him and Ed McMahon. And Roger Healey.
21 jump street was awesome :)
That sucks! I'd try and get a refund and come back later. The movie's too good for front row.
- safe travels C U monday
Caution night ninjas around
want bocce partners?
yes i got to confirm my maternal instincts..my future baby is gonna have a great loving mommy
I don't like mix tape styled songs but I gotta tear up the 4 tears instrumental real quick ;)
Sandwich Artist at Subway says I look like his movement teacher Matt. I can only assume Matt is terrible at whatever movement teaching is.
If the #eruppionzone does what I think they're planning on doing then the game tonight is going to be awesome.
Today is a Busyy ass day, just sittin at the crib writing music all day.
haha we had a tornadoe funnel come thru and stil under a watch
I haven't got a new mention in 7 hours! /:
Lololol. True story.
you should have a contest for best homemade Pabst shirt.
usually don't cross that world with this, but figured that it was obscure enough that some1 would h e to be in the know to get it!
So board talking to my dog.
!st, the Bryn Mawr MilkBoy shop has new owners (this is a super good thing! J and I haven't given it much attention lately... #allbetter)
Only Theo I trust is Huxtable!!!
Me too! Let's plan for next week. RT : so happy I got to see you last night!
Interviewing for my Master's program this morning, nervous!
My gal , the ultimate Jewish girl has never heard of the term aryan race!?!? What the hell!
Always Love Ü!!(:
Up and can't sleep :(
Lol appreciate it RT : I know I'm late but this - Sin's Lap Dance is nice.
Let's get rid of our first edition Razr first.
unless you want to hear my dad bitching then come
great to meet you at #SParty !
#sxsw session on music copyright. Curious if it will be applicable to
Totally kicked up the epic mothafucka tonight #Seeepiez <U+263A>
#CaptionContest Son... Are you sure you want "THIS" doggy for Christmas??..
Such a weird day! I think I'm being tested or something :(
Alex Golub on #peerreview: Is something less true because it's not spelt correctly? Do we really need huge, expensive conferences now?
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, but ugly is in the eye of everyone so
Amazing! RT : I don't attend elevation but #SunStandStill changed my life. 1 month reborn & loving it. Thank you!
What's the position (i.e. what type of skill sets required)?
I wonder when NBA players that have the same problems at teams start realizing that it's probably them?
just died my hair
"learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow!"
did you just retweet yourself?
Feeling any better this morning compared to yesterday?
Here's a link to Ellen's website to show her your talent and stuff! ellen.warnerbros.com/show/respond/?…
Moderating panel Is Hyperlocal Future of Media, or just Hype? at #SPJR9 conference.
Dad, your guiding hand on my shoulder will remain with me forever. ~ Author Unknown
in july or augst mine is july 26 urs
Looking for something fun to do tonight. Anybody got any ideas?
i so agree...so full of hotair!!! Vote For Jeff! Vote for Jeff!!!
NICE! RT With the Penguins 5-3 win over the Sabres, the Bruins have officially clinched a berth in the playoffs.
Woo hooo! Thank you! What a blast :)
I;m not even a gun enthusiast and I love the show! can't wait for season two :-)
Imagine how I felt when my Mom joined. :)
Proud of my sister(: she's so smart #sisterlove <U+2665>
ya dig!!
it's best not to pretend that nutella has nutritional value. Instead, just enjoy it for what it is - yummy :)
Actually, less is less
Good find- I thought GMT would have a copy for people to download, but glad you found this.
Hot chicks are really good at switching their FB profile pics
My room is disastrous
. Cool! We're on our way to Minneapolis to see Stephanie Miller, & at the Show!
Maybe you're lovable, maybe you're my snowflake
eat well :) follow please ???? XD
Ready for a couch nap. And food. Need to get surprises mon or tues.
im probally gonna cry if you see this!!!! hahahaha!!! CaNt wAiT fOr So LiStEn!!!!
#5DAYS until my bday YEAH BUDDY
I sing Mozart and play guitar, but not at the same time.
Going on my first training run after bruising my heel last Sunday. Hopefully it works well enough to continue training for upcoming half.
The creative juices are out now! Thanks for shaking them out earth
No go on Sean Parker Keynote...
thank you!<U+2665>
eh. Increase would be minimal. They would/should be running ads like this through the entire campaign on all sides
Free gas & groceries, 417-358-1250 see "welcome" at www.downow.info Join www.dowsite.info, I give 125 leads a week
1D is way better live than most famous people...
I use Dropbox. Love it!
Beauty is truth, truth beauty, - that is all. - Ode On A Grecian Urn by John Keats.
So! Yolo. Haha but just go for it, you can't really lose anything if you try.
Sabyloves Trade Offer - cabochons food
Feels terrible that I can't take to prom...
Got into the beta, finally! Seems very, very good so far.
I worked my ass off, in the end, I was too tired to find the energy I needed. Especially after a 4 hour english exam.
"7:30 and there's still no sign of my baby's blue limousine..."
I signed it
“And there will come a time, you'll see, with no more tears. And love will not break your heart, but dismiss your fears.”
The weekend looks its best when your biggest worry is deciding not to worry about the list you prepared the night before.
U never know what u got until its gone... I really need my baby to come back home.
#FirstEdition #Election turnout expected to be LOW - the latest with #BrentWeisberg NEXT
#questionsihateanswering Who are you, and why are you in my bedroom?
Give a #lobbage. Throw out your garbage.
“: We won! MT : Congratulations ! DM us your mailing address. #HappierHours” YAYYYY!
That's great! Love Kids in the Hall :)
#GenHopeProject #AmericasNightofHope live at Nationals at 4pm Sunday 4/29 don't miss it Tickets available
I'm talkin the real deal...I MAY even be able to spring for a desert...Thatd have to be right on the 1st or the 15th though lol
ITS GON BE SUPER FLY BABY ! EVERYBODY GON BE DRINKIN KICK ASS JUICE ( 64 PACK OF COLT 45 BEERS) AND SMOKIN VAPOR LAXATIVES( BLACK AND MILDS)
Year of the Nomad is available now for free on the audio page of www.astralsubastral.com
" Get Back Up Again "
I wish I could see my boy on our 5 month anniversary! :( <3
I promise :)
- If you're inspired by the power of community, I'd love to get your thoughts on www.pandoprojects.org. We're a startup in NYC
Received. Will put it up at the bottom of the blog. Give me a minute.
Thanks for connecting!
NYC welcome to New York
#MadMen I forgot, is joan's baby daddy Sterling?
What is the important reason why clerical workers are not referred to as clerics anymore? Perhaps, we do not want to recognize their power.
LOL ": If you bite my lip or neck, you better start taking your fucking clothes off."
I knew you havent hit the 2Mil mark...
I consider it an honor to have you follow me #VO #voice over
Cant sleep man dam..
told ya man! roller-coaster for awhile !!
Where I come from there's a preacher man in a cowboy shirt (:
No worries. I do like the song.
Ba ba ba ba what to do ah ha kill my bros! (just kidding!!)
Good luck!! :) Let me know how you get on!! xx
It's never ever too late :)
P: where are you going? A: to buy a gun. Lmfao that line was PRICELESS!
careful, you might get the feared rejection. You know how it goes ... nice body. shame about the fez.
Thanks for promoting my blog post today!
I need not fear my enemies because the most they can do is attack me. I need not fear my friends because the most they can do is
only to you
did you watch?
The best thing about having been a lacrosse player is that the sticks are a great tool for helping birds out of your home
Can't wait for later today!!:))
I never said there was anything wrong - I just said I can tell he went with the theory of change hash tag
so i tried these new jamba juice smoothie packets from costco. unbelievable! just add apple juice. quite a delicious, nutritious snack!!!
thank you for this.
Haha what freeway r u on? If ur on the 405, you might as well take a nap lol. Ur not going anywhere for an hour n a half
Off to rehearsal with mark ronson and MSB!
BAKE ME A CAKE. cc:
PROMOTING AMAZING TALENT EVERYDAY ALL DAY....
Hahaha, I know! We need to hang out again son!
hey whts up
": 35% of men have told lies to have sex, 10% of women have done the same." I think another 35% lied about lying.
We are going to do our video shoot on saturday!!
Just because life throws shit at you doesn't mean you have to wipe other people ass.
i agree. rev. 21 chapter 1
Well first get into the DFBC for a chance to get to Las Vegas and $100,000. Send me your USERID to play me!!!
-opens door & screams WHO NEEDS YA- xD
RT : Sometimes the best way to get someone's attention is to stop giving them yours!
lmfaooo! Boy my feet are pretty cute!
;) RT : So excited to have seen former student now employed JESSE on train today :) That's my friend!!
that is the shadow from the light. Lol haha :)
Give me a thousand kisses, then a hundred, then a thousand more. ~ Catullus
be safe in that trap hun!
ya I was about to get away from the video but then I was like "I'm gonna stick around to see if there's more jordan" :p
did the cops really come to the house last night?
Just discovered The Script on #spotify. I'm a fan! Lol. Good morning friends. Have a good Tuesday!
50% off towards pub fare at McBob's! Head over to www.crowdclick.com for to get your's!
Sale! www.leodys.com
RT "The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance; the wise grows it under his feet." -- James Oppenheim (via )
I love that we're discussing !
The entire network is out at work yuck!
Are you referring to his *monoidal* parsing work? I've read a little about that but it's been a while.
what Taylor?
Great round today! Win this thing and I told my mother I'd finally get a haircut. Not as short as yours though.
Thanks! great to hear :)
lols I miss you.
WAY better
right now is the end of the month finals. The monthly top 4 are in the smash down for the monthly grand prize.
No, I just work at the school. It's a boarding program for kids w/ learning disabilities & has an active horse riding program
People say trans Europe express is their best album but I say any other #kraftwerk album is a better place to start. #autobahn rules btw.
Woo Skincare and Cosmetics (2339 Peachtree Road) having a Girl's Night Out on Thurs., Dec. 4, 4-8p. 10% off holiday gift items.
Thanks for joining. I see you are in SF - my favorite city.
I know I need a vacation when I start pretending the shower head is a waterfall...
wow, what an honor! Thank you Angie :D
(race car revving) (guitar blaring)
Hey are you and your parents doing anything later? Text me!
OH: I'm used to drinking out of a fire hose, but #drupalcon was like drinking Multnomah Falls.
I stress out too much.
Happy birthday bob
if you love MB follow
Women these days selling pussy, like it's a store!! lol
This is the most sore I have been in a LONG time.
Be curious always! For knowledge will not acquire you; you must acquire it
RT : :( Indeed. RT No! We can't lose the Pro Bowl! That's my vacation! ;-(
I've learned my lesson from throwing anything from my binder away after i threw away a rough draft of my 3 page essay.. #:(
Thanks! Look forward to receiving your application.
I get to pick up my kitty cat today! Then I am taking income verification stuff to my new landlord...it's all working out.
two recording sessions yielded Relaxin', Steamin', Cookin', & Workin'. Now that's productive.
Looking forward to "God of Carnage" from this September A barn-burner, for sure.
I don't understand why all these females feel like they have the need to compete with me , Simply don't & be YOURSELF ! you'll be happier ..
Sand is being mined in Florida to use in shale drilling
3 minutes stoppage time. Biting my nails over here!!! Ah
Watching airplanes at LB airport
That's Me <3
do the 'fins play in nfl? Does that count as a Giant victory?
Want to take a moment and thank the amazing healthcare workers out there. You all should be paid more than any athlete or entertainer.
Didn't think we need 2 say this for a while...Come in on this rainy day & get a warm bowl of our homemade Greek Lentil Soup!
I've taken a stand against any more articles about how much money Apple has, and what it could hypothetically buy with it.
RT : Finally heading home from , it was amazing turnout, thanks everyone for your support!
thank you.<3 I'm here for you if you need me too.
Well... I think I'm officially giving up on the paper day agenda (since mine is already falling apart). Google Calendar don't do me wrong.
Survival tip #1 always follow the blk guy! Lol
Milo Jaramillo's on KUNM as you read this! Tune in to 89.9 KUNM's All That Jazz, hosted by Paul Gonzales!
So that is just another excuse to watch the movie again.
oh you know it ;)
josh did amazing, but let's not forget was on base EVERY time. Great job!!
- Very nice work, Mike. Best of luck with the projects.
Join us as BSOS’s Jay Garvey leads a community discussion on “Race through My LGBT Eyes” on Monday in Stamp’s Prince George’s Room, 7-9 p.m.
Blinded by Fergie's dress
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: CBS, News Corporation, Comcast, SLM and Nelnet
happy birthday cutie . May you have many more. :-)
Is it possible to get a doctor appointment in LA?
Do u think 'Ted' will be your 'Citizen Kane'?
when new people come to visit,you can say look for the pretty house,,.great job
Good morning. We're having some trouble with the site at the moment but hope to be back up soon!
i really can't even put my feelings into words.
Good luck today!! I will be with you in spirit!!!
This new boss is just annoying, her voice makes me want to stab her face.
No, damn it Rio Rancho.
Yeah for Angela mentioning #girlscouts creating leaders at #caseasap2010!
Yup, it's always more fun when you win. I love the new stadium!
RIAA's Mitch Glazier to companies like Google = Uncle Ben to Peter Parker: "With great power comes great responsibility"
It's hard to see someone grow that fast:/ lol<3
I have a head ache. :(
Been joking all offseason about Ozzie being asleep. We still cant confirm he's awake.
Got my new phone i am sure everyone is
Thanks for the RT!
nigga trying to joke talkin bout my 4head an shit yea its big but them leather pant he had on was made out of beef jerky kmsl!!!!
Some great sources for higher ed news:
If you guys know of any singers who would like to sing for us please message us !
Thanks to the sale of celeb-designed shoes - donated $71K for ovarian cancer research We're so grateful!
Let me get back to you on this
Film featuring volunteers. The volunteers have been awesome today; very well organized.
AMEN!RT RT : God understands our Prayers even when we can't find the words to say them.
#edchat I'm actually working on a student eportfolio - anyone willing to beta test? :D
SUMTHIN 2 work onRT Always accept and feel comfortable with your flaws, that way no one can ever use them against u.
yum! (Granite City)
that's why I follow it every damn day
Staring at a dead body in a movie to see if there breathing.
24 hours till
RT : If you live only for the future, you will not be present when it arrives.
Interesting stat: most men after 30 don't have closes friends, which they talk to on a regular basis.
I heard Dick Clark died but wasn't sure how...
lol. I know ! I'm so lame ! My "tweet game" is hideous !
If only you were mine.
Want to get the creative wheels moving? The Missed Connections project is a chance to make and exhibit a film within a few weeks.
putting on a movie. and gettin some rest.. night ....
u asked ppl to submit photos of wildlife in their backyards & use a #. I'm doing a prez & want 2 include. Maybe #nwf?
When is the next book coming out? >: )
The 7th Met to throw one...in someone else's uniform ": Phil Humber congrats on the perfecto!!!!"
: what was the students' take on it? what lessons did they take away from the interactions? (so curious!)
Does anyone else purposely have one really bad food day, right before they start a diet? I think I set some sort eating record yesterday!
"Congratulations! You've unlocked a new ability!" -- "Practicality, level 1?" -- me
in the past day and a half ive slept like not even two hours. it's like WV all over again x)
#GOP doesn't know what shame or embarrassment is. Hassleback tried to trick the president & got burned.
Pain is just weakness leaving the body.-Author Unknown
RT : Not ! // YES, HATS OFF TO LEANDER ISD FOR NOT SUING THE STATE
It seems like there's not a straightforward way to trigger custom event in Ember JS (Sproutcore)
Your $20 and 40% of the total sales will go to Cancer! There are GREAT prizes to be won as well! Sunday 7pm Lucky Strike Downtown Be There!
Beautiful quote & spot on! “: "A winner never condescends, but lifts those around them to a higher level of mentality."”
Apple's New iPhone 5 Debut Today at 10am PT.
Is it awkward that I like a picture of this guy and his girlfriend?
Do u call your kids names? Come c what we r talking about! www.knowledgesafari.com - click blog!
My second favorite team is whoever plays Kentucky.
rt Johnny's Hideaway free drink tonight-tell Edgar or Kevin the password-Spider-when you walk in the door for a free drink card!
Hello Jersey
: hahaha, oh man. Excellent. A little weird, but mostly excellent.
My sister attempted to make salsa... FAIL.
okayy love ,well iwanna read it alreadyy ! ((: im excited ! /O/
Overslept a meeting today. Dammit finals week, you're really getting to me.
Degrassi - or - 16 And Pregnant - which one?
This wine got me on one!!!!....lol #I'mgrown
the time I spent thinking about this tweet.
WOW. This Teacher Is STUPID She Expects Us To Do 3 250 Question Reviews! That's 750 Questions! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
lil buddy? Lol, im great ...you?
#20FactsAboutMe I like Philadelphia even though I've seen the illest ish
A short inning here will be devastating for Texas.
I dont want Peyton to play and Get hit, He could be paralyzed or even worse speak like his brother.
Knicks fan for life!
Who knew #Barbie had SO many clothes! We're still working on the #BarbieCollector auction - whew!
lol you know that song sucks
Gurllllllll, you need to tweet. lol
Why are my apps taking forever to load :|
Thank you, Tanya.
Yes! Tied it up in the 9th!
“: Sox acquired Podsednik in exchange for cash considerations” smart move.....in 2005
true,i hope he keeps stepping up with the steals, he gets that defense like it was a few nights ago and with time
haha family? Bro ur "family" clowns you and calls you a nigger I'm only related to so you can miss me wit that
Life is very short and what we have to do must be done in the now
Hoping to go to my Lovelys house tomorrow. I miss my bestie. :/
See, you got a plan too:P
Nice! Another chance tonight to win #OrderUp for with the #HotFacebook5At8 Keep Track!! 877-999-1015
so legislators all "highly proficient"--hoping teachers, schools can use this grading scale
We are a professional iPhone apps development company in USA/India, USA, India offering custom apps development for the most popular mobile…
There's a smoking crotch joke there somewhere
cool. I didn't see that. Rather meet Bishop! ;)
...oh yeah I'm sleepy
I'd never heard of Estelle. Thanks for the tip, just bought her CD. RT : Estelle is fabulous! Truly liked her--and her music.
What is the name of the movie you want to screen, and when is showtime?
Anthony on 2467 was entertaining and personable. Thank you for making the flight enjoyable and keeping us safe!
Age is a state of mind. - Jeff Pulver
Straight Up Hustler 01
Accepted Students Day!! Going to greet future John Jay students
just saw & perform #TheMotto live. my mind, is blown. best concert i've ever experienced. is fricking incredible.
-__- i hate you<3 haha I dont kiss no one but (;
I ain't mad at niggas that play fake or don't fuk with me...I feel bad ...decision makin ain't ya best trait
What are we, 12? And I expect you to be shwasty pants by the time i arrive home! Or Else!
Till the death of me
Wonder how Ashley's wine tasting is doing. I just did a massive pile of laundry.
"Linking up and engaging with other organizations in social media is important." -Kerri of
Today I ate a burger for the first time in a long time, my colon has hated me ever since.
Man turn this shit up and lets get this W
Munchies with , this kitchen is gettin tore up!
How was your weekend? I my self have been extremely business with the C.H.A.M.P Within program.
Just BPMs. Now you know the secret! RT“: what are the #'s? Bpms and settings?”
was gone feel out a job application but think uma wait til toma..ugghh
I pretty much just do whatever Oprah tells me to.
politics is just another word for hypocrisy
Sounds like a fun party last night. Congrats on your new book.
Recovering from caring for a nice chow and a Cujo-like pom. Worth it seeing mother-in-law enjoy her 80th birthday. No blood drawn by cujo.:)
gotcha! Im with it. Let me know if you need any promo in our world we may be able to figure something out.
At the ancestry dot com booth waiting to hear if I won the drawing
I am #Forever Alone
if eagles lose, I jump
lol that was soo creepy! gosh at least its not real, of course that doesnt help much tho=/
twitter is only slightly more effective at reaching me than yelling out your window fyi
Happy Easter. (:
guys, what happened??
sadly I too am just not that organized either. I guess I probably should be more proactive and more organized as well...oh well:)
Today smells strongly of victory.
My family is pretty much pathetic! -_-
Adversity causes some men to break and others to break records!
Check out new exhibit #Crossroads at NU's Gallery 360 now through June 1st!
On my way to #beinghuman2012... So rainy. Palace of fine arts is hella far from Oakland.
I went through Hell I'm expecting heaven, I'm owed
I see why this episode had to be 2 hours. Clearly Rachel has… songs to sing.
hey can someone please tweet josh hamilton's stat line over the last few weeks?
Watching The Mentalist with Viggle Thu | 21 | CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I knew you'd get it. Every woman wants a good game of checkers
I did.
. I can't access the link for the Martha Stewart mag subscriptions. Help please? Thanks!
He was at the door like it happens everyday, wow!
That's right! RT : No doubt #Indy is THE best sports town in the WORLD
#3day Approach Torrey Pines and inspired by a 12 year survivor! We need more survivors.
Awesome show tonight: Michelle Shocked @ Oasis House Parties in San Diego. Thanks
follow me maybe?(: ahh, it was so great seeing you on abdc again :')
#Catching up with Days I REALLY wish Stefano had been stroking a cat when EJ told him about the deaths.
That last tweet was deep lol.
why hoes get offended when you call them a hoe?
I hate how on one side of my bed I have perfect wifi connection, but I roll over, and I have none.
Thanks, ! Happy weekend!
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists?
Well, 's profile says he's "retired" but our profile says we blog about Milwaukee which we haven't done in a year.
As a notorious #iubb hater, expect a huge blog post soon on the ending of the UK-IU series.
Feels like I should apologize to the celebrity I was inappropriate with in my dream last night. On the plus side, you did just great.
hell yes, are you?
I don't know why but my dad got me into them<3
if knows what's good for him Buffalo will be a stop. #dontmesswithme :) Just kidding Jack <3 you!
yup... i was supposed to go to USA... but it got cancelled
just a friendly reminder about the 10's! Or whatever size they were :p if you dont mind :)
Holiday Cards.....does anyone still send them through the mail?
Twitter proves you can love someone for their mind.
:) im bored
My condolences to the family of Troy Davis in their time of bereavement. My prayers are with you!
Allergies are bad today.
what isn't manipulated these days???
need Young to step up. Sucks Vick and Maclin are out
Rejection never comes easy. A lot of indies getting over not going to Sundance this year. Get your movie out there! Find other ways. Go!
General announcement Job board is available next to the registration table.
oh my veggies!
I did not know that! But if he can help us win I'm all for him joining the staff.
3pm first mention of the
I agree with that statement
So excited that at this time tomorrow I will have pushed 'go' on our NSF proposal. #grantwritingwillsuckyourlifeaway Super cool project tho!
#StateoftheUnion -- Did President Obama hit the notes he needed to hit last night? Sound off my friends, sound off:
Car key broke in half. Ugh.
I may or may not be at bootcamp in the morning and - I have been feeling awful on the couch all day blah
sitting in theater waiting for it to start! Excited!
Hungry already? Text FacebookPJ to 90210 and you could win a #FREEPIZZA! Normal msg rates apply.
#ToMyUnbornChild you're only watching 90s cartoons
thanks for tweeting about
Bumping Dre...Ah?
Happy New Year to all! We are back and loaded with NEW opportunities for FREE scooter rentals for your next Disney vacation...
I miss ya ! But at least I have all your kick ass friends in my classes & more!
I have not.
A new era at dungeons has began The "New Madd Demonic Looney Rancid" era Has Begun 2011=FEAR
sad I was unable to attend Church Sunday, car broke down. we were able 2 c all the white balloons that were sent off.
you looked at the roster? Maj dc galleries. I used to work in the dc "art world" - recycles artists, no new blood
You see that a person is justified by works and not by faith alone. (James 2:24 ESV)
Fun fact! It is illegal to grow genetically modified food in Norway, and in principle it may not be imported not even for animal feed.
not yet , I'm getting ready to go out now
Friday is a day you can use the hashtag #askstate. No snark in that remark.
For the first time in like...fifteen years, I changed my #1 radio preset in my car.
I work with lazy ass motherfuckers. Either lazy or stupid, I haven't figured it out yet.
Time for bed. 5 o'clock comes fast. Ugh!
+1 MT Digital curating #fxinternet #sif12 was great success. Would be great to see similar at #igf2012 & HU
Pull it together Magic!
well I'd be glad to tell them they made a huge mistake letting you go lol
Hope all the negative #Brewers fans are at least finding a way to enjoy one of the most exciting baseball games of the year.
For the best For talk, check out ! For #WrestleMania 28 Spoilers and more analysis, check out !
if it is slander about a teacher or student or school maybe but they cannot regulate anything you do outside of school
me to!
My cousin almost got date raped by the guitarist for Maroon 5 but she's smart...she got away
Thanks. No one knows how he died either. Someone found him in his apt, lying on the floor dead. He was just 46. ;(
I've got plans tonight but ill let you know when I'm home!
added sethyg to follow. good fella, in the know on things i hope to be in the know on.
50% chance of achieving your goals if you write them down. Developing an action plan on the goals means you will probably achieve them.
doing well. You must be just waking up?
Oranges, apples, & pears, oh my! Shoot some 'still life'. Check your lighting & shadows & make sure it's what you want. Is it a masterpiece?
Monday #happylist: good job, easy commute, wedding to do done, homemade iced coffee, city skyline in silhouette from light fog.
those shoes are so junior high aha
yup. Just a fix it though. My speeding ticket arrived yesterday. And what is
why did i foresee you Favoriting my MDP tweet haha
so mad I missed you at the event!! Next time! xoxox
Yuhhhhhhhh!!!!!! WIN! some bogus calls, but well done boys! #StanleyCup #GoPreds!
this is Matt :P
That because the democrats hate america
We loved the hangout today! (cc )
Having way too much fun shopping for maternity clothes for my #preggo bestie. Wish I could wear stretchy waist pants!
I thought I was the only one who did night cheese. At least Tina does it. Sad fact: Night cheesed after Ted Leo on Weds.
it's telling that not one of the commenters or links mentions her name, or people wondering if she has a place to live.
Pro on the Go cancelled. I'm off till next year!!! Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!!!
Aw why only one song i want more
its so obvious how hard your trying to look cool. slow it down hot shot.
do anybody know how she committed suicide?.
When you allow yourself to communicate openly with love and a willingness to be seen, magic happens. Xo, kerry
Hey u did ya find ur keys? If not check the trash. Hope u find them. Let me know, just because please or I'll worry.
nope not yet lol I'm ready for them to. Do you know if they have called anyone?
amen she didn't learn her lesson this last time o an that was a low blow what Evelyn said about ol girl being lft at the alter
- I'm sure you're connected to a lot of great developers, but if you're open to agencies I have 3 fantastic ones.
Two spiders. What the fuck!!! -_-
AVIATORS FOR YOU!! RT : I just registered for the Bar Crawl! w00t! It will be a good time!
Judge me, your judging yourself more than me.
don't know about you, but I always get upgraded to lady business. Always.
Come out for our OPEN CALL AUDITIONS!!!! Register now for a chance to dance for the NY Rebels!!! Email us at <3
gahh those tooth crackers! Hahaha yet they always tempt me...
I finally agree with you on something, Hockey is awful!!!
Anti-kickback regs interpreted as incentives to induce referrals for reimbursable business related to HHS services.
Per KS Humane, nobody has been able to touch this chi. I cannot pull and transport to NC.
its lose/lose. present/future regimes bad/will be bad. how about changing the paradigm & getting usa off opec?
McNaughton, Chair, #IMCUSA, discusses how value to consultants extends through National organization and local Chapters
Hey I'll be at NCPH too- do you want to have a drink or coffee?? Looking forward-
Like us on facebook
#ThingsThatILike : volunteering, helping someone turn their life around, shopping at the Pt. Loma Salvation Army thrift store!
cool! I will def check it out when I get home :) ive been meaning to do it... Thanks!
Use your United Way Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at Scrub A Can! All Caring Club members receive 10% any...
With a full Sunday of clouds would have been nice to get at least a bit of rain Since March rainfall more than 50% below average
I think I just text him and told him I love him and right after I text him and told him Im faded lol :-P
So great to see education applications discussed at
RT : Judging a person does not define who they are, it defines who you are.
i replied but i will do it again.
anyone wanna hit up the driving range?
Happy Mother's Day!
If you a top notch bitch, lemme hear you hollla.
Yes! LOVED the books! They did a much better job of sticking to the books LAST season, still enjoying , though!
Agreed. There are few things better than a timely and well articulated question.
That is so true. The more we pour out hearts into our writing the better our writing becomes.
We are open today and tomorrow normal hours. We are fully stocked for the holidays.
I have big DD boobs and an ass, all most 90% of whiteboys love a girl that is a size 3 with no tits or ass.
This Opening Night baseball game doesnt truly start baseball. A real fan knows the season doesnt start until the Reds throw the first pitch.
Omg 16 and Pregnant you're killing me. No one can be this stupid. If child services is watching go take that baby!!
Something must be done about horrible officiating. No calls on brutal interior play and light or no contact draws whistle.
I'm at the casino were is I'm at the casino
Tony Allen fuckn up
Which is what I do, and that enables you to laugh at life's realities
Planing something fantastic for tomorrow!
Whitney we will always love you! ://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14ivtcelIo0
Ready for this fuggin summer to start!!
nightwalker - terrestrial worm that burrows into and helps aerate soil; often surfaces when the ground is cool or wet;
Follow , a great local/organic food/health market in Goshen, IN.
Thank you!!!! Congratulations. I can't wait to see it!
Did you see that the scavenger hunt got moved to 7/11? It's a good thing, 'cause I'm worthless today!
"Suppose there’s an evil bastard out there who hates the web and all who sail her …"
So, far, Republicans seem to be dismissive of "evolution" on #SSM, say Obama is declaring "war on marriage", and otherwise flailing.
good morning
700 followers! thanks guys!
local network is reporting issues with node. i've contacted local partners to help get this taken care of as it's been ongoing.
today in school is just going to be a waste of time
I love that all the MLB players are wearing 42 today.
It was derived from street-fighting skills where you instinctively try to defend yourselves from the attackers by any means possible
Follow Back ..
That's terrible! Surely they can get it worked out for you?
AMAZING RACE 20: Rachel & Brendon have now another thing in common. They both have fallen on thier asses on National Television.
OMG YES!
Its nights like this that make me really worry about nursing school. Baby #2 is down but #1 isn't and I've still got dishes. Bah!
Gonna start my drive Comic Con in about 15 minutes. Yippee! #sdcc (escaping work a little early)
I miss you more<333
dont compare me to him you faggot. & it happens.(:
RT : Being single when you know exactly who you want. <<<<<
For what song?
me to!!!! I'm dying!! A few more hours
It hurts me to read with this migraine and all these people sending me paragraphs, why y'all wanna be interesting tonight ?
Apple App Downloads Dive 30% i March
praying that this weather holds out til sunday...
what's your favorite method to learn guitar? by personal instruction? book? both? or do you just noodle around?
The truth hurts, Thanks for straight shooting...
maybe Wisconsin can just be like every other state and make first offense drunk driving an actual crime, not just a ticket.
Happiness is being alive!
I hate when you think you have no homework then u remember it @ the last minute :/
where will you be approximately 9pm, and is it gonna rain in that biatch tonight?
# Public service announcement! stop CHANGING negatively during a relationship / engagement / marriage. # fixing expressiann.com
Thank you for being an awesome gym and allowing us to use your space for practice after!
Thanks, I'll look into it. I had an Alienware laptop that had some serious overheating issues, but that was years ago.
Makes me laugh EVERY episode What other #slpeeps just love Sheldon?
i was kidding ok. it was for you're attention.~ NOW WUTS JORDANS TWITTER BIOTCH.
We are looking for a few volunteers during ! You get love, both literal and in posters & prints from our artists for you time!
Duke prof (and UMD J-School alum) Sarah Cohen speaking about problems with local economic reports/impact studies.
Hey sweet cakes I swear just like that =-O Iost my credo ,call me! I miss you!
It's finals week How's everyone doing?
Follow back ???
Ain't it crazy what yo lady will do for a pair of Lou's?
TIO's marketing is working on new website. Next show 4/23, location TBA.
Join hundreds of smart, successful, influential women from around South Florida and around the country at the Women’s Success Summit!...
damn its been a minute,how are u hun?
and Rice to Riches (rice pudding) is good too =)
Go to my music page and get me more likes shooting for a 1000!!! Support!!!
Ready to fully learn to change the oil in my car...#wellrounded is the goal
Sat at Dobbs,celebrate Judah Salem Kim of STONETHROWN's Bday along w/Theory Of Noise,Michele Karmin,Leaving Midnight! We're Waiting For you!
Kobe must think Steve Blake could do what Steve Kerr did for Jordan. Blake is no Kerr.
#wmnldrs UWM SCEs Dean Arredondo stresses the importance of harnessing the power of women grads
Yeah I bet. That's probably how I will be too.
Its getin coyote ugly up in here, no tyra -rihanna
Production Updates: in pre-pro on "Natalies Lose Lose" (shooting end Oct) & just about finished post on the 3D short "The Hearts Eye View"
Don't burn bridges before you can even cross them.
such an amazing sense of accomplishment with doing laundry, slogging through some analysis of data... not so much
(Dale Carnegie) Remember, happiness doesn’t depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely upon what you think.
“: Look for a video interview with coming soon! #IHRIMConf #press”
Hey! Been awhile. I hope all is well and good in your life <3 be safe and stop by some time.
Watching TUF, bummed Brysen Wailehua-Hansen's not in the house. But good to hear say "Man he got heart! He's Hawaiian." nuff said
Map Solutions:If we want to show a locator on a map and map it in our software, what suggestions do you have for what software/tool to use?
Maybe next week. :) RT : leanin on you for fantasy picks now bud
RT :.. RT : US digital sales: 's What Makes You Beautiful may debut next week with 120,000 downloads.
the bears are about to be the new Cubs
That's all I was looking for. Gracias!
Been meaning to ask how the Carbondale, IL show at the Hangar went. So?
wow! you're all high tech. and stuff.
Greetings, Happy Monday!
will make his slides available #sljsummit (will post the link)
R.I.P. MCA
Follow my homeslice to stay updated on her new 2012 acoustic & full band concert dates coming soon-BH
Yeah. But famous-ish couple RT : Huh? Like a husband and wife that are into fitness?
Couldn't sleep last night. So much on the brain.
Don’t you just love it when your melodies write your chords for you?
RT : George Soros is investing $1B in #cleantech, leveraging Silver Lake Kraftwerk as a partner.
the question is how much does Amazon care...
And I don't look at you the same no mo my...
that's my MYSTERY holy trinity. I'm not sure it carries across all genres. I'd have to consider that.
grats to coach kaleb canales on first win vs bulls. also grats on being the 1st mexican-american coach in the nba.
ill try next semester lol its too late for now but youre suppose to build a friendship first you cant rush it
#AskAriana did you know that Mariah on Pit bulls and parolees has t
& you got nothing. Oh(:
Pre-Order SNOCLOTHING'S BEST SELLER!!!! "I Hella Heart Sac" T-Shirt. www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Best line of the night , nice brewers jacket I'm a fan went to a game last year I it was great
totes wouldn't surprise me either. Damage control much?
Valid point. At the booth, we heard this guy say "Yeah, and everything about this is 100% electric! No gas at all!" .... lol
Planning that next vacation?? W.bre.ad/08sb5n
We're happy to have participated in the #DC #NationalNightOut with
Gain 5X More Opt-ins With The Help of Your Subscribers! dld.bz/afhNs
I'm in! I may not be on time though depending on how this drive goes.
Repeated disappointments can leave you feeling defeated...guess what GetBackUp
Inc.'s (BEAM) fourth-quarter earnings rose 10% as the spirits maker's margins improved despite slower-than-expected sales growth
"OMG ARE YOU OK!?!?" "yeah fine! I just like bleeding for fun!"
Experienced some technical issues - trying to work them out.
Nm really. :P
I got to my 9am class and my professor sent us home. Why did I get out of bed?!
Go Download .1Moneyball ft. prod. By & via
When buying tickets for the festival be sure to buy a ticket for the Awards Ceremony and Brunch on Sunday! It's gonna be great!
Why can’t Democrats support a bill that reduces spending and permanently changes the wasteful government status quo?
There you go. Points in the paint.
BOOM CHICK $5 Now
those are my fav starbucks drink!
what Business or comp. do you have Senator?
Cmon Seahawks… 3rd and goal lets get it done.
I need a date to ur sisters b day party in vegas, I want to hold ur hand...
I particularly like this one: "5. MYTH: Cell phones in flight can cause big, big problems"...
RT : "The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions." - Confucius”
PickUpLine: Do you believe in free love? Good lets go!
"May all your troubles last as long as your New Year's resolutions." -Joey Adams. Happy New Year from Glenn!
RT : Just got a call from an Indiana number I didn't recognize... Almost grumpied in my pants
Are there any #smallbiz resources you'd like for us to give a shout-out to in future WebMaxed blog entries? Let me know...I'm all ears!
studio got me burnt right now
Yelling at my sister, "WHEN I WAS YOUR AGE.!.!." Then realizing, "oh, nevermind i was doing that too." & walking away slowly.
I learned that....
Brothers our value is individual merit not based on color, background, reputation.
Kim Zolciak and Tori Spelling . . . that must just be like throwing a hot dog down a hallway. SMDH.
Love that Team America is trending after Kim Jong IL died.
What would be worse? To live as a monster, or to die as a good man?
Right wing noise machine complaints about activist judges overturning #WalkerFailure -GOP assault on constitutional rights in 3,2,1
RT V. DiMaria, Peppercom: CEO as credible spokesperson? Not so much. Try your every day employee.
Eating soup with organic turnips, cabbage, dandelion greens; chips and red pepper hummus, some lox, and trail mix for dessert.
I fucken wasted my time..
oh yes! Haha. ;D
I just came off the train and girl was saying "who wants to get there ass whipped today" I'm like come really you asking for it.
You're welcome! Thanks for featuring the #MilwuakeeMuseumMile!
oh awesome!
Lying ass tweets..
your song "baby" You say Baby about 55 times:)
the old corkys
that's amazing so did they reuse them till they had to get a fresh one? I bet that's what us cops are thinking
": Humor is mankind’s greatest blessing. - Mark Twain"
A story you may not believe...otters running loose on a plane getting ready to take off for Columbus!! Find out all the details..at 5 and 6!
Welcome Sherry!
WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE WE LOVE YOU KYLIE(:
-points awkwardly- Michelle Ponton right? 2nd day there and look what I've done already!
thanks! have a great night
hope it doesn't ruin their team like the Vikings when they traded for Herschel Walker..."The Great Train Robbery"!
Why can't I go to sleep??? SO TIRED!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
It's their protection payment.
Great time at the NOTworking event last night - thanks to everyone who came out!
PLN..Pls keep in your thoughts and prayers! It was announced his schools will close.His dedication to his stud. Is immeasurable!
The next books on my to-read shelf are 'Thinking, Fast and Slow' and 'Imagine: How Creativity Works.' Perfect reads before the last semester
Coffee later next week or early the week of 4/9 work? Send me a couple dates.
Artist volunteered to 'lighten' her but since that could cause more controversy, court just installed drapes to cover her
watching the Amanda show (:
but I like that acronym! Maybe try using PDQ. You can never overuse the letter q.
What's all the rage with professional athletes tearing their ACLs? That was SO 3 years ago-- and I totally started that trend.
Queens Brooklyn & Yeah They Wildin, Bronx Harlem & Staten Island
You are such an inspiration to my career Katrina!
Well, doing a french project.. last minute
Man Jordan Hill has been so good for the #Lakers on those boards. Good situation for him, he needs to make the best of it.
The smartest fitness philosophy in the room. CG Philosophie-The Cerebral Approach to Fitness
Happy Friday “Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others.”
oh you comfy, huh?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!! i made you a card.(: i miss you so much girl. its crazyy that i cant see someone ive know forever</3
#aggressivehookers RT : ...and my brother just lost his pants on Wilshire.
I don't give a fuck about you or youur weak crew
I'm so sad! There were quite a few "knockers"... there may still be hope... I hope...
I'm on love with your icon <3
i wish i could hire someone to give me a massage any time of day or night whenever i want it
dude its Minka Kelly! have you seen her?
Finally got to ride my bike to work and have the tranny and t-case out and separated...
What you do makes you better at what you think.
For those interested in #B1GTF, I first recommend coming on out--gorgeous weather--but, if you can't make then follow me on
You don't have enough time to let those minutes slip by..
She gave me all her trust and I'm abusin it right now<3
Good for you. All the best.
My Phone Battery Stay Between 0-15% . Dead !
BARBIE TWEETS!!!!!
the timbers "exhale" first half lead; "misplace" 3rd straight
I mean...I don't know about that
“Rock bottom became a solid foundation upon which I built my life.” <U+2015> J.K. Rowling
we still watching jerry springe today ? Lol.
You can instantly tell who the director is. He's a little more arrogant than everyone else....and gets exactly what he wants.
#HallPass RT If You Loved It!
if i was interested in requesting for you to host an event in the next 3 weeks who should i contact?
Get in the car and drive.....
Welcome to DuuVaal #Justin Blackmon ..Go Jaguars!!
My oline sucks right now. It's impossible to play with and getting sacked every play doesn't help -___-
News today on 2 big media deals: NBC securing MLS starting next year, and ABC keeping Indy 500 through '18. More on both in today's SBD.
I'm doing Uncorked in Vegas that weekend, but flying from Vegas to NYC on that Monday. Will be there until Wed.
Indiana has a big advantage with Roy Hibbert against Miami but who wins the matchup when the Heat go small?
as opposed to a production context, here the definition is about distribution channels. Girl interrupted was Columbia Pictures
Mountanins can't be climbed without taking the first step.
: I dig the pink suit man! You should start your own mens line..lets tag team.
A fugitive penguin! I love it. It sounds like he's doing okay but he must be lonely.
Work tomorrow, then downstate for States...
The CHEA Initiative is a national dialogue on the future of accreditation. Read more about the Initiative at www.chea.org/About/CI
yeah sorry you were the wrong person
Rain, Renata, and brief breaks to watch Luther on Netflix. Something of an ideal day.
I'm pretty sure its in the memory card of one of my old phones,but if not ill hit you up on here
these are the same people who wear white after Labor Day
LOL why would I think I was going to see a real baby coyote of the 4 legged nature
i've been so busy, not had time to respond to you, still LOVE your tweets. be well :)
is the best.
As if I don't have enough to keep up with. Now Twitter! Thanks, Kelly, for enlightening us all...
I interact with you.
How can I, though?
#2FollowersThatShouldDate me and . Bang me
At home wit my luv (zay)
#dearyoungself go to fucking law school, med school, some school. damn.
ok, just set the iPhone into the mug with tea in it, instead of my empty "amplifier mug". now what??
We never know how far reaching something we may think, say or do today will affect the lives of millions tomorrow. – B.J. Palmer
I went back to my Jordan 2k9 after seeing one of your old reviews. It replaced my rose 1.5s today. Straight performer
yes I'm on IE and yes, I have javascript enabled.
I am really really NOT looking forward to going back into the Autodesk FBX world.. but needs must, so here we go.
hey mom. I never asked how your mothers day was.
Okay, are ink and business casual attire eternally at odds or something??
Momentous occasion - my first tweet from my 1st and brand new iPad! Loving it!
- that is why I was kicking myself today. Granted last year's 6 hours down was there fault - this one is not.
is in the gym putting n wrk n a pick up game.Thats why she's the best player in the PCAC right now.
No Semin So Far is right up there too
Back to my favorite new study spot. Only thing keeping me going is this Starbucks iced green tea
“Strategic planning does not deal with future decisions. It deals with the futurity of present decisions.” ~Peter Drucker
and we have to figure out how to do it from 2 dif states
On October 19, Microsoft advertised Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by presenting Xbox consoles and Kinect bundles to the viewers.
I'm so motivated by my Spring Break plans that I'm going to go study..outside on the grass. And what I really mean is sleep on my books.
I'm gonna try.... I'm such a ditz sometimes... Last year I sprang my ankle and hiked on it the next day... I'm just too wild!
I don't belong here !
can I LIVE!")
Yeah. You can't?
Half time!!!
Recap of 's a.m. Toddler spills beer. Infant poops diaper. Infant pees on bed while being changed. Spill coffee. All change clothes.
and Ron Marvin Congratulations to all the new #IFDANYRisingStars!
#idol Joshua Ledet showed out tonight...I really have gotten into this season. I'm really enjoying myself....
You know you picked the wrong hotel when you have to cuddle your laptop to keep warm.
At a birthday party today, a complete stranger's kid asked me if I wear underwear... Then followed it up with, "Can I see?"
becareful what you tweet, your like me US property lol
LOL. It's almost as if he doesn't know what to do, but he feels the music and come heaven or hell, he's gonna dance. :)
LOL I've often had "Grade sixty papers, whattaya get? Another day older and deeper debt" in my head
Good Morning everyone! You prayed yet? If you got time check out... www.myspace.com/djnlyte812 www.nlytesoldierz.ning.com/ God Bless
Getting 60 dollars randomly in the mail from your grandma?
You can order by visiting www.UmeusCloth.com ": how can I order a tee-shirt??"
Another great day in paradox...
thanks for the support!
I will murder you........in a game of who can catch the most fish
Online video stream?
The majority of college students are good human beings
It is futile waiting for an Amazon order to arrive when you never actually ordered finalized the order...
i assuemed she used the walkers to hide the alive smell. 2nd season was very boring compared to season 1. heard (cont)
how are you enjoying The Laws of Simplicity - check out his piece in Harvard Business Review
If you feel like there's no-one on Google+ it's because you haven't taken the time to find people via
I wanna kill sometimes.
And I don't even like Descartes!
Getting pumped for our Feb DubWars! #Love&Light #Spankalicious! Tickets can be purchased at Cincytickets.com! May sell out.
Thanks for the info. Unfortunately mine won't be done by Jan 23. Next year.
when people see # of behaviors comprising a task (tooth brushing) it shows how many behaviors we (may) need to shape.
nope not right now, its in the shop, I might have it later though
Who's your man?
Oh yeah. Here it is. Hold on to your hats. Always escape file paths in code.
"...'airport' denotes a zone and not a thing..." —David Foster Wallace, "A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again"
:) hey you! I miss you on my timeline.
it was blessed and urs?
Thank you :) >> RT : "Shower the People You Love with Love...
If all the bankers are meeting at Bilderberg, and all of them were at the helm during the crash, then it means they engineered the crash.
Also, Friday night is gay date night in Shadyside. These old queens are adorbs.
nobody said it was easy, but no one ever said it would be this hard.
I just adore you.
wow rose!! Haven't seen happy tweets from you in a long time! Ur makn my timeline
I'm glad to be part of this big family #Beliebers <3
#I'm #the #luckiest #girl #in #the #world!
In an hour is the #RoyalRumble!
Why do pigs like February 14th? They get lots of Valenswines.
you guys know each other? What a small world
Any C# Wizards out there with games exp in the #bayArea looking for a 12-15 month Contract?
panda Peyton likes me more....so just stop trying lmao and yes I've put ppl in full body casts
Our new Lovepoint collection is perfect for any occasion, stop in and meet your perfect match today! xoxo LUCI
What's your favorite LESS feature? Are you utilizing all of them or mainly variables?
Good Morning what's good who is getting crushed today. Lol
Girl I was napping.. up now back on my business shit!
yep: Sox are 29th in baseball for team ERA, but 3rd= for team batting avg (before today)
What's with the weirdly inappropriate c's the day quest titles and descriptions?
Picture please!! How short is it? RT : Cut my hair
Winning 2-0 against the Bulldogs!!
Oh shit. Peer pressure. ;-)
Come see us in the tech product spotlight! Ballroom H
FOLLOW ME PLZ
Milk expires tomorrow... guess who's having 16 bowls of cereal tonight.
You're preaching to the choir.
Think UWM has a shot at winning the horizon?
You're amazing. Let's blow the doors off Cactus, Garibaldis, Cans, Turner, MOCT, and Foster. It's a special day. Let's make it special.
Hollywood: America, this is Channing Tatum and you WILL accept him.
Tomorrow is officially 4 years older than me :/
John Fillwalk and Jesse Allison present to the Ohio Learning Network, U of Cincinnati on our Blackboard / Second Life Project.
Sometimes what you want isn't always what you get, but in the end what you get is so much better than what you wanted.
I missed u on Comcast tonight did you beat TB on full contact ?
Babe i love you <3 :)
Had the yummiest sushi & margaritas at Hecho in Sf!! Yum!
follow up
We just saw clip on you on stage; you look proud! “: def one of the projects I'm most proud of-USC-LACMA-OZO”
Yes... Why? Haha(: Who Did You Think I Was Talking About?
Ha, everygirl I'm done with you, yall talk shit behind your friends backs. Everytime I try to be bitches friends, they talk shit. Bye bye.
came from boxing . so tired but w'e ill get used to it ^.^
Best Community related modules for Drupal?
years ago I read the book how to win friends and influence people
's NEVER SAY NEVER is at number 14. Lets get it to number 1. #bieberblast!
lol i know:)
Thanks for following , Roger! My wife and I took the kids to the WWNP a few years ago. We're due for a visit!
A new day a new idea. Time to try again.
George Zimmerman Neighborhood Watch - mens hoodies
idc.just come c me
In the words of the immortal : LGA to OR--fucking--D
You wanna ride with me cause you said he boring! :-0
thank you :D
I don't wanna go to school tomorrow but im not going Thursday & Friday cause I'll be in Daytonnnnaaaa <3
Got a new 9-week dachshund puppy!! She's SO adorable!!
I know they look at you so angry when you don't get the ball :o
#amWriting at the Pearl Cup, trying to get something going on this new chapter.
of course. I figures it was the only way I'd get to see you - now that you're on the senate side and living in the burbs. :)
yea that's true. Should be starting physical therapy in several weeks hopeful be able to start playing again
eye roll.... but u follow me so what's that say about u? :-)
So tired! Where's my #secondWind?
I think i actually passed out after I responded to your tweet. yay for sleep!! ;-)
No worries here. I often don't even understand my own humor!
RT : #SOPA mentioned 488,000 times yesterday, 7 times more than Justin Bieber & trending in almost all countries via
Let's just say if you haven't been to golden harvest you aren't living!
that is until WWE invades next week with people from all 50 states and over 30 countries...
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous. Coco Chanel
What song from the last five years will be considered a classic 30 years from now?
Its time to go to sleep and my husband has the hiccups!!!LMAO!!
Did you know that Vitahl Medical Aesthetics is 1% of Botox injectors in the country, and considered one of the best Denver Botox offices?
RIP Donna Summer. Queen of disco.
This girl had the nerve to walk up in here without my shit.
Next time, u just stay on the computer and watch
ALLSTAR WEEKEND IN ORLANDO @ THE BEACHAM W/ RICK ROSS, 2CHAINZ, DJ NASTY
“ : was almost on Sportscenter #SKCNation” almost ESPN best of the best. Always best in 's hearts
Hey this is no Illusion I'm being followed by pretty cool stuff
10:00-10:15am is our morning snack break in Valley of the Sun Foyer.
Learn more about the Leadership & Negotiation seminars at this year's #BizExpo by checking out today's #BizExpoChat video...
I shit you not, my lodger has watched Flashdance twice in 24hrs..she's 31!
Thinking of the day , when you went away.
what are you reading? the dictionary lol
I'd assume other cousins were out of the loop, as well
lol don't play like you arent going to get it in at work lol
Mike Posners voice >>
#GeffenContemporary #MOCA Street art exhibit = amazing!
Seek Gods presence to have an encounter with him and to experience the supernatural miracles and wonders of God. Night everyone, GBU! (=
The Fray managed to make the national anthem sound like all of their songs.
Lol sounds tight bro u should come with me to get my permit this monday.
Looking forward to leading worship in the morning at 10 o'clock with an amazing team of worshipers. Be there to join in!
that would be a far walk lol
Thank you for sharing!
Nails did...
Yeah!!! Beach boys
What a brutal sports week, 2 #badger losses and now #mubb giving up a 16 pt lead...
Austin gift shop off of South Lamar. They have some in color too! They are usually out at festivals as well. So cute :)
I got such a cute shirt today. Thanka gabby gurl.
Keep piling it on these punks, Mavs. I want a 40 pt win.
God has a plan for everything, we just have to be quiet and humble enough to hear what it is.
office job? what is the world coming to?
Dueling presentations happening at #mw2012. 1 on e-publishing & 1 on online visitation studies. 2 diverse, but important areas.
when do we get to see the new Sparky?
It's 11 but the majority of the people aren't on the boat.
What does he have to say again... hope its not same old things about justice and peace??
always good too see #1s go down! Things are great! Hope all is well in Tulsa!
Cathy Norton: USGS & Cornell, the newest members to BHL-US/UK!
I can understand that, but give your offense a shot at coming back. Kuroda gave up too much, our offense can comeback!
Thanks, Tim.
sweet cant wait!
I am shocked to hear the terrible news. Junior Seau found dead. Junior was a very special person and he will be missed tremendously. RIP
Same , Wyd this weekend ?
high 5 for kidding!
Congratulations! I know I recruited a few of them. :) Couldn't happen to a nicer website. Yeah!
dm me that number
Tomorrow on : with charts on how the economy has done under GOP Presidents vs. Dem Presidents
Romney is doing the South thing just right we know where he's from so he havin fun and we'al like bein real
Slick Rick >>>>
my full name is Hannah Lenger and my personal twitter is hifromhannah :D
RT ": So...freaking...hot...UGH!" I totally agree, girl. It's super hot here, too. xp
oh really? thats nice me too
'...an Adonis follow through...' The Star Maker Machinery is humming full bore on NBC right now. This kids fo reals tho.
Networking votes at my favorite hang out...wish me luck!
Are you being serious?
so sweet haha.
Happy February 2012 Everyone!! Cheers!!!!
Understanding the diff way that leaders can influence the culture of an organizat. What process is needed to decrease the #'s of unemploymt?
It's just so great. I want their entire wardrobe.
NETWORKING OPPORTUNITY! POST Right HERE NOW! Post WHAT YOU have done...or will be doing in the Future!
My charger was in my bag the whole time smh now I can text everybody back
If you're not going to date a girl ecause she's "not skinny enough to your liking" then you don't deserve to date ANYONE.
i hve an interview at the pool place tt opening on ruskin ! (:
I freaking love how simple is. Payless? EFF THAT! I would be happy with cardboard shoes on my feet............... Erm not really.
Yes, in the fall. We most likely will have to go back for a little reshoot and he's got tons of special effects.
looooooooooooool mom ftw.
After Meridian? I think RT : What does "A.M." mean? Like its 6am?
I love you mommy :)
- issuing your invitation to burglars?
WORST HURRICANE IN MISSOURI HISTORY — water rescue ...
i wonder if babies and elderly people dream that they're desperately searching for a bathroom and find one w/ an immaculately clean toilet.
find me a job and I'll tell you the secret, trust me I'm a doctor
#Vegas VIP Hosts - get at me!
She's an easy lover.
I meant to dedicate my 1000th tweet to since she gave me the Twitterbug, but I missed it... So, here's my 1002nd to you Kales!
haven't had a different flavor in years.
Are you going to buy facebook stock?
I see I see you talking to them girls on the phone oh.. I wish I can tell em all to leave you along #IWishedYouLoveMe.:-)
Just realized how annoying people can be when they start to complain...
Very Doumit-like back there.
Not sore at all. Handled them like a champ!!
Time for a long day of work
Just say yes.
I can't fuck with someone who beleave's everything they see on BET.
Congrats on your fellowship, Annie! I wish we could all spend another year together in the fellows lounge!
Wish I knew how to melt cheese for cheese/gravy fries.
Whole Foods! Why do you have such good food and I end up spending way more money than I need to and drink ALL your coffee!
don't worry! it's like grits.
Drink water: No stress. No pressure. Just down 8 oz every hour and you're set.
We Do Not See Nor Do We Pay Attention To Dem Lil Green Boys!!! 2-0 Heat! Yuh!
Woah! has beer on-board? Me thinks we need to have a #DCDrinkUp starting at Union Station and ending who knows where!
Busy day tomorrow!!!!!!
On my way to Washington, DC to deliver Islandora training at the Smithsonian.
church was great! Now on to rehearsal :-)
and if he was to get locked up would he then tat free Me on the otha side?
No tea no shade! Love it! I was just vein' sassy w/yah!
Its been an adventure for sure, it is easy to travel with my job that's true, I'm lucky with that.
as if using comic sans isn't criminal enough.
American forces moving from Montreal toward Quebec have captured three armed British vessels
On my way to a Grammy party. I can't wait to see what is wearing
Attention. Someone has hacked you, bro-fest.
HOW DID U GET IN TO MEET THE STARS AND INTERVEIW OR WHAT U DO TO PUT ON UR WEBSITE DO YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR THAT OR WELL WHAT DO U HAV TO DO
I can't wait to preach Sunday! There is a life-changing, Jesus-glorifying Word stirring in me you won't want to miss Sunday
It's nice to be needed but even better to be wanted.
Sorry not so many Click Clack updates recently. I am running my first Half Marathon on Saturday! I am a nervous little bee.
MT : Hey #NASASocial attendees - please keep checking your emails today for updates as we iron out final details.
I did join, I was talking to someone else about possibly making a Mo' bro & Mo' sista meetup this month.
Woke up from a sickness-induced nap. Feel like I swallowed a golf ball mad of broken glass, which got lodged halfway down.
the mirror?
We enjoyed the show - thanks for the mention.
"I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the whole community and as long as I live, it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can. I w
idk but i'll ask and i'll tell you kk c:
fornicate with courtesans and acquire currency
Good. Just in time for the #badger game!
sounds good!! thanks..let us know how we can ever help you!
“The job of a coach is to make men do what they don’t want to do in order to achieve what they’ve always wanted to be.” -Tom Landry
Love you to the moon and back.
"Of all the evils which can be inflicted on a free state, banking establishments are the most alarming." Nile's Weekly Register (1819)
Jamaal Franklin!!! With the reverse slam!
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/28/2012 and was under her calorie goal
“: a old ass tired #lakers ? or a well rested #okc ?”
I'm not spanish/ Mexican but it's cinco de mayo COronas on deck tnite
Our original score for 9 Lives cat food has moved through to the National Addy Award competition from the regional.
Serving size vs. portion size?: From: Michelle Mirizzi, MS, Registered Dietitian Find out the difference between serving sizes an...
Maybe, just maybe, the Leafs will remember they're attempting to tank tomorrow night. Maybe.
Everyone was ALWAYS surprised when bad things happened, like the forgot the last 10 bad things that happened.
fuckin assome word...bot no...i actually think ur a kewl person...plus u love danes too...so *paws up* be well!!
So true. It's a good series. Here's hoping no more triple OTs are required though. I can't handle that again.
crap I'll be out of town for that
tony stewart driving for richard childress
Dear New TV Shows: if you have to tell me you are a funny comedy generally means you suck so just give up and get off my TV
#headshots w/ Christina! Fun snarky hip! thanks for the referral!
The lake smells salty
Hi there, thanks for the RT! We would love to work with you and the on any upcoming projects or events you may have!
I swear... I can watch the same criminal mind episodes and feel like I've never seen them!!!! They're so FN good!!!!
No way! You're going to mow the lawn now? It just rained!!! Guess I'll pause the #vo process until you're done. Grrrr....
I broke down & bought the Wacom Bamboo. Should be here Tuesday!
new motto: tomorrow's news...yawn. Been there, done that.
Trying to do this quietly never really works out.
Just wanted to say congrats on the CBS gig Jason! Well deserved!
Life's too short to hang out with people that aren't resourceful.
Nice. just starting moving, dragging a lady by her arm, stuck in the door. She's ok, but stuck at Davis bec emergency brake stuck.
Let's wait for the other contestants! #TobeRevealed lol
Between saying and doing many a pair of shoes is worn out. Italian Proverb
Waiting to see what Zimmerman being charged with...
I just shit myself..
Phil Galfond Wins $400K in Less Than 7 Days
WHO THE HECK ARE YOU I KNOW ITS NOT KATE BUT YOU BETTER STOP OR WE WILL CALL THE POLICE HAHA -caity
While shooting midrange jumpers isn't usually a sustainable offense, if they are this wide open it (as they are for OKC) it sure as heck is.
Tonight was a really good night
Sorry for the mix-up. Sometimes I feel so out-of-the-loop!
the same. Your girls are getting big
Yup. All is well in #Birdland!
my favorite song is mistletoe
should I have friut loops or pops?
Spent time in San Francisco today. Felt like I was in Full House!
hah. totally sent one of those to myself. read the last two in reverse order.
You can barely speak my spelling is far beyond your meager intellect.
thank you dear God will see us through ..are u doing ok?
RT : Reminder: if you're with AT&T and are hoping to upgrade after today's announcement, dial *639# to see if it'll cost you $250.
Hardly sober but ready to take that exam by the horns and show it who's boss. I'm blaming for my drunkeness right meow.
Like I'm not gonna rape you in the locker room dude?
<3 come and party with me over the summer Tysan!
how I hate them niggaz when I still support them niggaz?... but fuck them niggaz - RT
Swansea are a pleasure to watch. Fantastic passing. Arsenal could stand to learn from that last passage of incisive pass & move on the right
So apparently today is National Eat What You Want Day...??? Do I even need to make the obvious joke here? lol
overall I think you're growing up & all of us angels are growing along with you <3 Thanks for being my inspiration!(:
whatever, its ur lie tell it how u want, ur the one with the twisted mind not me *angel right here*
I'm not funny, somebody lied .
Cant tweet it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>RT : what's wrong??
Casablanca Sucked Anyways..
Thanks so much for following us ..what an honor! :)
In houston tx and it's so hot I cried out for sweet baby jeebus!
Ay that's alright. You put up a great fight. Gotta let em know!
following for ya
good win by SF to start the homestand on the right foot, see you back here for the Redbirds on Wednesday
Leaving audition for Brut commercial. I think this one's mine.
are you talking about Austin?
Edmund SpenserHe who has learned how to obey will know how to command
I remember that fight, but I'll have to watch it again, been so long. Machida's round still feels most impressive.
Ay, must be the money!
Anyone else ever wake up feeling like we were born to go, and leave no star unturned? Me TOO.
That's gonna hurt.
Senior Purchasing Executive | Jobs in Taiwan
I Talk to You :)
Lol my dad is all like "kava, its ten oclock missy. Thats late. We both need to get to sleep." and im like "okay, imma sleep" ;)
Just a reminder to my fellow DevLearn tweeters, please give credit to a speaker's quote.
“: I blame Jordan Staal” I blame Jesus.
Sorry judges but #America got it RIGHT tonight on #AmericanIdol - Joshua, Elise and Jessica should all be in the bottom 3.
Vagina jokes aren't funny, period. Cripple jokes aren't funny, I can't stand them. 9/11 jokes aren't funny, they're just plane wrong.
I love my life, but sometimes I get so lonely.
exactlyy . and he knew his hair was nappy! come on now , shame on him for even bringin it up . lmfao
We're trying to connect everywhere we can to reach as many gamers as possible!
Our Services Include: Daily, Weekly & Monthly Cleaning. General House Cleaning. Move in & Move out Cleaning. Office Cleaning. Condo Clea
I never want to learn how most of the things I eat are made. I'm not ready to eat solely from my own organic garden.
Creepy. Though I believe my mother once had a cat that specifically asked for "salami" like that.
happy birthday!
Do what makes YOU happy <3
The love of my life, me, and the artist!!! Can't wait!!!! Sounds bad, I know!!!
that makes two of us!
So who the fuck is Ashlee to get something to eat when im not there !
can we also expect CSSpaghett3?
oh boy a new flat pet! Can't wait to meet tsk!!
LMAO! You're even tweeting about it now!
Can I hit it in the morning?
your following and re-tweeting people, but not me! why?!):
okay c:
Meeting with client today for an ecommerce site. Woohoo
Stay tuned to www.genxvapor.com for E-liquid announcements, gourmet US made liquids in flavors that have your tastebuds addicted!
No worries. It's been an exciting long weekend for everyone.
New Perry campaign slogan: "Let's have Jews in Palestine, so we don't have 'em over here!"
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel
Happy Mother's Day. One FREE mimosa for all mamas today PLUS $5 off breakfast pizzas. Spread the word.
I agree capitalism is SUCH an underdog, it never gets ahead
Heat playoffs game 1 is Saturday at 3:30, fuck everything else at that moment
My uncle and my aunt are so dorky, they're so cute together c,:
Europa here we come
Mitt says bullying other kids was just " stupid things". Torturing the family pet was just bonding with the kids. What a jerk!
haha bri I know who you are. And I will be sure to do so! :)
he's just an ignorant clown. He's just flailing away over there with his foolishness.
This <U+2614><U+26A1> is gonna put me right to <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>!! Exactly what I needed
I always watch the Cavs never won viewer appreciation prize but hats off to you for great idea added benefit 4 normal viewers
In a more perfect America, the composition of Congress would be at least 51% female.
Already have him down :)
He sucks at it though
you could really use a body wax
Happy Mommy's Day to all you Mamas. Hope you have a wonderful day...
Thanks for retweeting posts!
Submitted my grades so this semester is officially over. Class curve was inverse- all A's and D/F's. Directly related to class attendance.
ok i hope to see it tomorrow
First st pattys day being 21....should be interesting <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
Just saw campus classified ad for a car that starts "Single owner Lady driven"
Looking forward to getting Kit and Lee all hitched up tonight. But gotta finish the chores first!
I agree but I'm pretty sure my wife wouldn't approve. The kids are a little too young for that skill. Give em a few years.
Nice! I can't wait to try it out. The Google+ page says its currently over capacity, even unactivated invites are on hold.
RT : Photos of 's exhibition at the Nevada Museum of Art now online via
callmon that inner Peggy Flemming, I'm sure a gold medal is in your future. :-)
If he says he will call and u wait for 4 or 5 hours does he even love u?
RT Just reported a hazard on I- 71 N, using Waze - Drive Social
Who has the pictures? I can't wait to see them. I apparently only took about 5.
My allergies just staged a revolt mid-Writers' Workshop. I'm not okay with this.
damn I'm jealous! I want to go to Australia !
Please follow our friends at thanks
it will be late this summer. Maybe end of July.
Internships are open at Signature! contact Bryan
I just voted for Entertainer of the Year and New Artist of the Year for the Academy of Country Music Awardsplease retweet
lmao no he wont
The weekend is here let's PARTY w/ some #FF tweeters!
RT: Jetpack Joyride is now playable free on Facebook. I'm sorry you're about to lose a day of work. | Only 1 day? That's willpower.
Who has Skype?
love your profile pic.. what cosmetics line is that?
hope he's coming to !
Oops RT : Big Mac, Large fries, and a DIET Coke? You must really be watching your calories. Don't be too hard on yourself.
Well, we would be shocked any time. ;) RT : You know it's been a great ... when you're shocked to see snow in March
Happy New Year all!
So now I am attending two univ at the same time, it is going to be a rough couple of weeks till the semester ends at the one! o_o
thanks buddy!
Can't sleep. Lousy sleeping pills ran out. Bah.
The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money.
Lavoy frustrated him.
5 Rabbits, yes that's it. I just finished a book about an alcoholic in Oaxaca so feels like I'm right there!
Then be, and stop putzing around with the mind.
My Mac is working on reserve battery. That's how much I love you.
I wish I had a best friend like and Lo !
Ron Smith is the man! My condolences for him and his family.
we can't wait!
Holy crap am I sick of the NFL Fantasy ad. Probably doesn't help that I hated that song to begin with...
Extended board meeting today to talk financing, fundrasing and vision. Great chat with Kyle from Ostara Group.
Took my sister trick or treating. Now it's time to teach her about the government. We'll start with income tax. >:)
Pat Pattison speaks songwriting! Watch these helpful online videos! W.patpattison.com/videos
There's a series?!? So bad! RT : Wow, I hadn't seen any of BETTY WHITE'S OFF THEIR ROCKERS until now, and I never realized ...
it was just the overall attitude. Some of the fly attendants seem unenthusiastic about working.
My latest blog re: National #Asthma Awareness Month w/ links to
My 11-yr-old nephew has a lot of opinions about Johnny Cash.
I'm very lucky 2b here I nearly died 2k9 b/c of laws a state threatening succession over #Heath care & need more surgery b/c
The thunder aint playin today. #lakergame lolRT : damn, this thunder outside aint playing around! it shook my whole house!WTF
I am not gay. I am a professional.
Key Note Speakers Include: Mercedes M. Márquez, Assistant Secretary Community Planning & Development, U.S. Dept of Housing & Urban Dept
Just saw some elephants. So that's pretty cool
So proud of ! welcome to twitter
Offensive to Beard-Americans. MT Would you have been offended if the plan to kill Osama was called "Operation Beard Trim?"
Never knew that an El Camino was the "mullet of the muscle car world" Thanks SCOTS
Trying 2 count sheep but it's not working
Come up to Arapahoe Basin tomorrow for the Slopestyle Devo Championships and see some kids shred up the park!
OMG that is so funny!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP+
I'm great. How are you?
Templates for 13 NSF directorates, plus NEH and Moore Foundation, represented in DMPTool
Good luck to my amazing friend on her first day of nursing school ily
OMG! Congrats!
Wow that last tweet was exactly 140 characters! Lol
Semester, myself and many other girls would love the chance to camp out to feel that thrill but we honestly can't! I understand...
I have a great re recipe for HCB, want it?
Gonna go to FIU to sell my books
It's #NationalVolunteerWeek! How is your org showing appreciation for the folks who dedicate their time to help you accomplish ur mission?
you don't like St. Elmos Fire???? That's it! You just lost a VERY important listener.
Talked to oomf all night
Anthony is about to reveal a big surprise on air - zenlive.tv
Check out the Fox news story in which SeiferFlatow, PLLC comments regarding the new proposed law regarding unlicensed drivers.
RAW WEDNESDAY'S @ CLUB ELEGANCE EXOTIC DANCERS FROM AKRON!!!! LADIES FREE TILL 11 $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE KITCHEN OPEN 21+
Apparently shit gets real at #BASS O'clock #WMC ... Smog VS Basshead
Dont rush into any kind of relationship. Work on urself,experience urself, love urself. Do this first you will attract that special someone!
An Audio Engineer's job is not to park a mix and walk away.... he is a part of the talent, constantly tweaking and improving his work.
yes, the best program, I love a lot=]
He's back. The crowd howls approval.
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending <U+2665>
Cano is over due! Lets go Robbie!!
plzzz follow me :)
RT : Whoa! Power's out at 49ers stadium!!
He said "don't hesitate to ask if u need something, I just wanna be here for you. And I think we will be good together"
ohh act like you have worse than a C...
One more week till i go on the cruiz in to bahamas im so excited!!! :)
Here is my topic tonight..... Do you think Roseanne will be our next president?
Toon were never gonna get a result at Everton but I am fine with 5th. 10 places above most people's prediction :-)
I'll be in Vegas this weekend at The Biggest Tattoo Show on Earth! Come out and see me & follow where we're headed next at kustomthrills.com
So who's ready for fall? Well guess what your boys Paging Grace are gonna be playing Huntington's fall festival!
You're hot, I'm not. Opposites attract, right?
Lol, I'm sorry Mardoe! We can share that #Laker love, but as far as baseball is concerned, Dodgers + A's are my teams!
Cabrini Green ------ RT Someone tell me where I should live in Chcago. I have needs.
No, I didn't *need* to buy 3 new books tonight.
Is going to grace us with her presence tonight?
I'm hungry I need food in me ;(
Well.... I'm here haha
So excited to meet Jessica Alba event!!
Balloon Shop >>>>
Did you know that Cary Hoffman was an Executive Producer on the tv show "Men of a Certain Age"?
the t-shirts or towels don't cost nothing seriously, I am finding out what we are getting, stay tuned.
#saa11 National Archival Authorities Cooperative in the early planning stages.
Warm. Fuzzy. Thanks Rx's
All of this talk about #paleo diet intrigues me. thinks I should join. Thoughts, ?
New members! Welcome Max and Colin! Come check out Yesterday's BRAND NEW SONG, and NEW MEMBERS!
don't hate.
Sometimes I forget...ain't no thang!
We will, we will rock you!
can we partner up on the #micahsvoice mission? Please check out my site, it's still being worked on. we can use your help!
Let's go
That's true, there will be 13 episodes to wrap it up. It still SUCKS.
I just happened to go into Motivasi Coffee this morning and they had a police scanner on. My family is now out of the neighborhood.
The Nora in Kroger . Great checkout and the friendliest employees
Wow bombshell
Sounds like a thunderstorm is brewing.
I'm seeing you in concert this summer!
please don't ever doubt my love for you.
Not looking forward to the load in / load out in the 5 degree weather tonight. Good thing the music will be hot!
that Rocco kids a sped!
I like ripped tights pero mines are Fucked Up right now
You think ? I Do ...RT : They're saying Zimmerman is not in the state of Florida. Maybe he's in Mexico? Lol
Good morning!!! TELL ALL YOUR LOVING MOTHERS I SAID HAPPY MOTHERS DAY BEAUTIFUL!!!:) <3<3<3
“: #backchannel not reallynot a big fan of eggs unless it's for breakfast!!” I forgot you got food poisoningeggs
:) Aw thanks your one of my most beautiful follower #MuchLove <3
First challenge For #Hot 107.1 Hottest intern Starts Tomorrow!
you and me both.
ya in college
TX RT Making Books Sing
Edwin Jackson looks like he really needs a hug right now.
And on that note - goodnight! ;)
Deals can create, transfer or destroy value.
Let's not forget the new God Forbid: "Equilibrium". That shit is SICK.
Lord knows I want this job!
Why Belgium?
he got 1 or 2 divots up there ??
hey whats up welcome to the twitter world
deserved to be in the top three, this is rediculousss
Gracias! Thank you for the follow. Sante!
Yeah... I'm moving out when I'm 18. This is bullshit.
let me keep my eyes closed.
#missingmilwaukee day 20 is about (who just taught me how to make a very delicious classic American choc chip cookie btw :-)
We cannot communicate without being responsible for the self, the other, the world we thereby bring into being.
Chely Wright - Chely Wright Taking Part In Charity Walk
I think we need to do this again. :)
Beauty is not flawless.. It shines even through your flaws
if you wore high heels, I would beat you by another 20 points at mini golf!!!
Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim has never beaten a Big Ten team in the NCAA tourney, and it'll hopefully stay that way.
Dinner at Winnipeg Delta? Good choice! The wine is good too!
We're going to tweet out the student nominations for now...
I just followed while watching The Simpsons! He is playing Jesus!
+ Scout Mint + choc pudding ice cream/hot fudge + candied nibs = AMAZING.
coming to America faf
RT It was nice to know you, but I gotta move on.
been ready since last Saturday night. Been up for hours today. Can't wait!!! Best to you on your recovery.
I always get a hard album to read the credits.
"Look at the cause, not the cure." - Brenda Baker via
Pls tell me how you get to claim "self-defense," when you pursue someone with a 9mm gun & kill them in cold blood?!!!
That's all I do is research.
It's probably yo mama texting' about how she wants my quesadilla!
always be open for change
I am so thankful for my church!!
": We're not close anymore, but I'll be there if you need me because that's the type of person I am."
Brooke is going to Austin with !!!!
Just had an awesome Saks.com marketing team bonding hangout w/ and the rest of the saks ladies + analytics!
She call me when she wants a change.
Save the date for our Dinner Under the Stars fundraiser Sept. 24. For more information visit rightdirectioninc.org
gotta check wit first
Stoked to be part of the team! RT She gets PR, loves comedy and is part of the #LaffMobbMovement: - FOLLOW HER!
Good Job LOMO #TakeTheWalk #marlins v
Today is the day I go to California!
So glad to hear you had an exceptional experience
haha yea bro, I still got two more weeks. Then I'll move back to over by the Quarry
Close and awkward encounter with the seventh kind - UofC MFA professor
MT : just yelled, "Get out of the st., stupid! There's an organ donor in progress right there." //where?
Total horse shite. RSL player fell down. Sapong had his hands down.
What day will the LAPC $10k play down to the TV table and what time will filming start the next day? Thx.
I would probably only use the second bedroom for guests and to store computer crap (printer, scanner).
Tony Parker is only 30?! For real?
Mr. Chopra I hope I get the chance to meet you while you are in NY! You are truly an inspiration!
“: Impossible's just an opinion. Don't buy it.”
what's good where I at?
Congratulations brother. Much respect and continued success in all that you do.
ScentSations June essential oil sale - Buy two in-stock oils or lotions and get one in-stock oil or lotion free. Contact me for details...
was that #World_Peace smashing #Rondo's head into the ground like that?
": "[They] listened to the music ....as though synchronizing their heartbeats with it." -- Kurt Vonnegut" Try that w/Slayer.
I'm from Bellinghamm~!
100% of teachers have a higher education than Walker
Can you bring in about 1/4 cup of pomegranate molasses for this recipe Jane assigned to me?!
We prevent injuries, so you don't have to rehab them. CG Philosophie-The Cerebral Approach to Fitness
inputting time sheets is like a chore in itself!
REUNION THIS WEEKEND!!!!!
Swell. Busy.
Big League Chew and GI Joes
It's no secret that I'm a Palinista. And perhaps I go overboard occasionally. But some of you out there need to get a grip.
Finaly, were off break
Good Dick Will Make Her "Put A Ring On It"
MT If trees could scream would we be so cavalier about cutting them down? We might if they screamed all the time fr no reason
They need like a ten year break from each other!
Congrats on a job well done. RT Tonight I Chair my final SAC meeting. It's been quite a run.
building an application to deploy on GAE
get on Rogan's podcast to talk about UFC 142 ASAP please!
I need sleep
What do you think about all the people remixing your songs in dubstep format? Id really like to know if you approve/feelings?
Me too, and I do remember him being less pedantic and more tuned-in. He just got old and doesn't follow baseball that hard.
And, you have a fabulous Friday as well!
Sadly agree. They don't care OR have bad intentions (jealously, etc) most of the time. "Loose lips sink ships".
Just my luck. My phone isn't charging. Anyone know how to fix this?? It isn't charging to any charger or USB
Zurich scraps 393 jobs moving PL to Endsleigh Zurich will axe more than 300 jobs by 2014 in a bid to transform its personal lines busines
The Soup & Stock Market, AJBombers, Swig and Water Buffalo ... Pick a place, any place! We will deliver to YOU!
Seriously disgusting, but not unexpected RT Yale, student rape, and 'no means yes': chroni.cl/wbCHpn
Where does Dolly Madison fit into this scheme? I guess she's owned by Hostess now so doesn't count
The one good thing about being old as I am, I can feel so fortunate to have seen Freddie Mercury and Queen back in the day.
Congrats Flynn & The Packers!!! That was an awesome game! :D
Am happy for because she just got her ipod ((: she has been waiting for it for like 2 years :b
#geekend #fa115 via "your evolution is inevitable I you keep doing it"
Made my morning waking up to texts from you two.
"Men Are Ready For 'Victor's Secret,' Times Claims" #huffpost I'm ready, if the model is Ryan Reynolds!
I'm gonna fucking cry. New music from the biebs tomorrow!
Gives me a lot of confidence to hear this from my mom: "I love you. I am so lucky to have you as a son."
more like
Memorial weekend coming up. Vegas will be slammed busy, u definitely want to get ur reservations in ASAP.
Woah. I think I have to be in this video. What are you doing the 12th & 13th hm?
congrats! & good luck :-)
Dating shows : interesting that when the women pick, it seems to last vs when the men do.
Just presented a speech to high school students about college & their future. Of course they asked me if the parties are fun. Couldn't lie.
#niners working hard ...keep it going!
Kareoke Starts @ 9:00 Tonight!!! Come join in all the fun!!!
sick and tired of being sick and tired
ooohh it is rare to develop later in life, but happens
Van Halen's "Right Now" just came on & I said outloud "Panthers fans...are you ready for overrrtimeee?!?!" My co-workers thought I was nuts.
You looking like a dime and you keep it x10. Hunnit!
I love a cloudy Saturday when I can chill on the couch and balcony watching tv and reading!!
Tupac - Hail mary
Bug/GPS/Mini Camera sweeping services available.
thank you sir! surely there will be a home for one of my little creations.
I make a very good living & am happy to support higher taxes. My rate would go up. Typical liberal, that's me.
emphasis on "may check", just remembered she attended National Equality March in Oct. '09, could be politically active
thanks for cleaning my room and road tripping with me today. You da best
Excited for TRX Group Training in Boca this Sunday!
Commencing The Wayfarer book 2 Electric Boogaloo.
cause you didn't get accepted <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
goodnight twitter world:) i better be able to wake up tm. #sixflags ah!
S/O to my newest follower welcome love
Devastating when my rich friends are out of town and I can't get into the SoHo House
Who is at the #Marlins-#Cards game right now? Whatcha think?
This has been a great final hour of golf. I like Bubba to win.
. - Her name is on list because some unknown bureaucrat made a secret decision, based on secret evidence, to put it on list.
Ohio struggles to draft tougher law after exotic animals' escape COLUMBUS, Ohio (Reuters) - Ohio legislation designed to clamp down on ow
"I'm comfortable with the revenge." (#dareproject chatter)
trying to get back onto a normal sleep schedule...
if u love me u will :)
Is the whole Amityville area going away? Games, hot dogs, everything?
Our #FitMKE banner from just arrived! Look for our tent on Saturday at the Fit Milwaukee Indoor Marathon Relay!
Keep Pushing. We got you.
RT The more people you connect with, the less time you have to spend on any one of them. - Hamlet's BlackBerry //
Please DM me if you would like to volunteer to help support in her campaign. Thank you!
I'm just so very really bored
I didn't forget but it looked like you had found a way out of it haha. How long u back for son?
great weekend w/ future hubby & glad to be home to pick up Roxie 2morrow. Only bad thing was the guy's breath next to me on the plane. lol
would you mind calling me today!? :)
trust me, its effective.
Leaving for the recording studio to lay down a track for a friend. Hopefully I don't make a fool of myself.
ah! so nice. are you at the university club? i cannot wait to see you!
We are :) RT : Starting a new product from scratch? Learn and be encouraged with other #entrepreneurs doing the same. We like...
that's wassup!!! Just some super glue for the hair and the hair paint and it's set! (:
#VegasRoast any time you go out with Corey Nigrelli you know it's gonorrhea-lly good time- Chad Saunders Hahahaha
Finally watching The Green Mile.. Its about time!
only if i can ride my bike ;) but PLEASE
Great to see and on bikes during lunch today! (No, they weren't the bicyclists who almost ran me over.)
Loved hearing Daniel Birnbaum's inspirational talk about turning around SodaStream as well as getting to meet fellow ROIers at
: To avoid 'who dat?' moments when I speak in your general direction from this new handle, I am also that guy -->
all about fullerton.
Sure, but I'm comfortable imagining some of the things you want in a flight are also paid for in ticket. It's more efficient.
listening to ? Very proud. Be sure and catch him tonight with your boy on cc:
that's true talk my sis
I'm having homemade manicotti. Be jelly :P Xx
completed his food and exercise diary for 08/15/2011 and was under his calorie goal
On the plus side I love spending the WHOLE day with Keylee she makes me smile and laugh so much! It's so worth the lack of sleep!
Instead of putting Mayo on your sandwich, use Gourme Mist instead! You'll save 100 calories!!
just finished rehearsing with My band..relaxing now..
I can do one for you! Mark
I know right? I'll ask if I'm going to sawgrass Friday and I'll tweet you lol or Facebook
:-) #thebulls won last night (good game btw, hope u didn't miss it) let's see the #whitesox win today:-)
Actually, I'd go see and and die of happiness instantly.
Wide, wide awake on my one day to sleep in. Typical, right? Oh well.
I knew this would happen
Get ugly , your to beautiful .
why's that?
Now cops asking "please step into the park," herding people in
Stressful day at home today. Grrrrrr I'm tryin to stay positive! :-/
Great game today!!
Thanks so much for the kind words Matt. I hope that everyone would see it that way.
Thanks. (Graham makes a similar argument to Lena McQuade's dissertation on midwifery training in New Mexico, 1920s.)
Should talk to me more :D
golden retrievers are so 90's
Drama teacher is announcing who got parts in the play. Hope I got wat I want!!!
You down with O.P.P ?
hey Kurtis, thanks so much for joining us, hope you'll be back ..
I'm at 202 followers, thanks guys! Now it's time to aim for 300! :]
": ": Your girlfriend looks like a bulldog :(""
i hope i have a kid that builds a secret laboratory in our house i'd fuck with that lil genius
Magic have been burned before with SHAQ....but I think they should wait this out...not going to get anything of real value
oh finals suck
Watching "I Just Want My Pants Back"!
Mario Lemieux has the distinction of being the only person to ever win the Stanley Cup as both a player and an owner.
you betta calm ya nipples lmaooo :p
Free Shots at every PACKER TD, 1/2 off Pizza Slices during half time and $2 Domestics / $1 PBR !! And as always we've got KILLER Bloodies !
RT Use the surrender tactic: transform weakness into power.
Big thanks to everyone for a fun Wednesday night!
Barnett would enjoy Parisian pound cake, no doubt :)
Watching the Law & Order :SVU where Jake.T Austin is in <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> I'm so glad I recorded it
M GURLLL YOU KNOW
Well that just ruined my night
RT : I love myself so much right now, ima diddle myself
American idol is like watching bad Disney auditions
Bj penn vs will be a good fight
Went to David Foox/Patrick McMullan photography exhibit at the Sanctuary. Who knew that a bunny as a muse could make such great art!
please follow me Nick:)
I'm tell you there needs to be a Tumblr of fancy people taking pictures of Bill taking pictures of fancy people.
Gonna make me a vampiro tonight
what does your foundation help with Mr. Olsen? I will be at the July 9th Charity event in Chicago. Im from there. I cant wait!
yeah absolutely, come out to pub night next time!
Thanks for making my day <3 It was terrible until you smiled at me! Get to see him tomorrow (:
Finished reading the Steve Jobs bio. Very insightful, inspiring and a hell of trip. Talk about being driven and focused!
it took all this time to become a believer. Next time trust your best friend
Evans Donnell: Nashville Children's Theatre, "Beauty and the Beast", 1972
Hey! Thnx for the add! ;)
final Haiti Awareness Month event! Sat Oct 2, Poetry reading at Pour House Cafe, 7:30-9pm. www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=109714442420989
You are most certainly welcome!!! ")
How come its so easy to fall in love but so hard to forget the one you feel in love with<3
I genuinely meant to wave at this girl but out came my middle finger on accident.
However many ways there might be of being alive, it is certain that there are greatly more means of being dead, or rather not alive.
Hilary's busy building her global empire just in time for 2016...
Quiz was brutal got to study my ass off!
have I sent you an email yet
I think that's the only route for some artists, especially those starting out.
It's cool though .
I just heard my mom say well hello sexy how are you today?
Court ruled you can be legally fired for using the Like button on Facebook
During the second half the Suns' bench played 46.7 points per 100 better by swapping in Childress for Brown. Astounding!
i need to smoke a black n mild son.
Pssst! Reporting from & that Kanye West is in shooting his new video "Theraflu".
as do I :) Agreement is not a requirement. Honesty is a big plus :))
Boyfriend - Justin Bieber.
Such a pleasant surprise to see you and (finally) meet IRL! Look fwd to hanging out again, for more than 10min:)
Don't hate what you can't imitate.
Come into Lottie's tonight for Oscar's famous nachos & ridiculously tasty quesadillas.
When one considers that I'm the ONLY native Eng spkr in a town of Brasileiros, I can relate -
First my teacher talks shit about the cubs and now coffee?!? ..now its personal!
but I donttt smoke bitch, you do!! 24/7!
sure i do lets start by hi my name is jasmin lol
i would but already said he was small...lmao
WOW! (But we can't get a whole movie out of that cast??)
My boo surprised me by visiting me at school!! Love seeing him! Totally makes my day!
WHAT THE HECK? what did the baby even do?! Like omg she needs to be jailed and her kids need to be taken away from her!!
I think it's going to be drive through time for me after work. It's too weird not to try it.
do you have to try to keep him away from bees now? Carry some sort of doggy epi-pen?
wish I could have seen your talk! “: Tonight presented updates on at #iotnyc meetup.”
I'm crushin super hard!! feels like High School all over again... Hes so damn fine! *.*
RT We completely agree in fact it is that subtle racism that cuts deeper.... <& often harder to eradicate>
this game was simply about Duke not finishing wide opens opportunities. UNC played above their heads...but this was on duke
It's so complicated
I did sleep late. An hour longer than usual. It was nice. So was the coffee.
For all those police & military dogs, the German Shepard has a chance at Best in Show!
Wednesday night is Lady's night. $5 Three Olive Drinks and $3 Wines. For EVERYONE..
I'm jammin out to #ClubLifeMiami before my final exam! Great tracks, Great vibes!! I'm loving Chasing Summers!! Amazing album! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+2764>
California I'll be seeing you on Sunday. Now to the hard part...5 suitcases, or just 4? #vacation YAY.
#FieldConnectMobile provides cross-platform construction scheduling on jobsite (iOS or Android; smartphone & tablet); take a look !
Cool. It is actually clothing I bought while I was there and then forgot to bring with me. The equiv of 3 dress shirts. Sound okay?
Cool! I'm kind of a Skype newbie - it's something I'm planning to use next year (summer workshop about it). Thanks!
Anytime, The State has always been and always will be my hometown venue!
Only in our wishes! RT : You would disappear RT : If I Had
let's go do this
Every single thing I made today has booze in it. I am a mad Irish baker.
Green lantern was good, however the beat part about the movie was seeing the man..... Mr. Tim Robbins
Ikr u play lax?
"Sure" Just Kidding
me a ninja warrior, i kill fly !!!!
500 followers :)) (Y)
- wish a nigga would!
I have the best girlfriend in the world
Sittin Wit My Step Daddy, Tony Teague.. Niqqa Crazy A'f , But I Still Lovee Him Tho.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!!!
This is why we vibe so well !! I have so much love and respect for you girl!! I appreciate your spirit!
shit not to bad hot as fuck out here
there are so many lots of people on mass ave today. Horrifying.
A lady dance party just broke out for Spirit Is The Spirit. Get yourselves to the brick!
People gonna talk whether you're doing wrong or right.
Yeah, I need to replace it. That was about 45lbs/20kilos/3.2 stone ago.
#Shoutout new marketing client
Thanks for helping me to relax after a crazy day. :)
what the bizness
I know you've been pushing hard w/ LOEX lately, but should we set up another time to look @ the in. colloq. prop?
Get outta my head and fall into my arms instead...<3
Omg the dreams ive been having...
Hope everyone has a great St. Patrick's day! If you are thinking about drinking too much green beer,plan your detox Monday here 713-623-0866
Greatest finish ever!?! Manchester City
*giggles softly*
i have so much boring
I never thought I'd be riding the Metro at 630 am after an all-nighter with College Park hipsters.
The day I realized I could make homemade potato salad and then eat it for lunch AND dinner until the bowl was gone? Great day.
Happy 2 have been able 2 attend #AD4MH. does transformative work w/ many women & kids in
It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things that give value to survival
#3WordsForYou Stop The Hate
we need one in Las Vegas ASAP!
“: #Boston: T Debuts Today! Find us in Cambridge @ Flagg St & Memorial Dr / 10a-7p! #eatmoretacos” Wonder if I can get there?
Working on a Nigerian accent. Listening to some funny freakin nigerian comedians on youtube:)
I Might Sound Stupid . But I Feel Like The World Is Ending......
Would love to talk with you! It's been the defining experience in terms of my teaching style & views on education.
tough life lady. :)
Just done rolling a 100 joints of Strawberry Cough...wahooo
Lol well played, madam.
I want to go home.
where is it?
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow?
Anyone found a good 'free' community to replace #Ning? Ning terms change 8/20. I would really appreciate suggestions! Thanks in advance.
Vying for my attention...end of term grading vs NCAA bball. Slllllloooowwwww grading.
What happens at home needs to STAY at home....
Enjoy! Tell us all about it! RT Looking forward to tonight....I see meat in my future...
Thankfully no. Just a general observation on their trickyness
That one person you see EVERYWHERE, but you dont know their name.
Tomorrow starts a new season
This is celebration, this is levitation.
Happy Mothers Day
you might be right.. I'm playing the odds. Let's see what half time looks like ..
A few more naps & then it's back to libraries, archives, etc.
so...technically, i could unfollow, refollow and usurp your 500 status... LOL
#Broncos Hillman-Ricky Williams and Walter Payton reason why he's wearing
I will try Bellarmine doesn't have mailing lists n I don't have a personal mailing list either Will try my best
#MyPastRelationships obviously didn't work out considering im
it was at a restaurant a really dark colored beer, I remember it was pretty pricey..I don't think it was Sam Adams
I got this - I work for a Fortune 100 company. Umm, works better for the giver than the recipient.
bands playing next week on sept. 20th ..Vanessa Boyd, Chicago Aissawa, and the Fiscal Copy
how about Tab Stopper?
yezzir... I whips it real hard!!! Haha
Uggh, how long will it take for this grease to heat up???
Thanks for the shout out! One way or another it couldn't have happened with out you and your introductions my friend.
sing it braxtons and yay mary mary won..!
A plush Prostate? Can anyone guess what it is? First correct response wins a #Movember T-shirt.
where did you a film Switching the Script?
it's semifinals! if the caps win the next game, they're playing the Devils for a spot in the stanley cup finals.
#Imagine Alex: "How many times a day do you think about [your name]?" Austin: "Lets just say shes 99.9% of my brain.." -Austin smiles-
boardwalk empire has inspired my new business idea.
RT : No donuts here.//we're outside and donut-less now, too.
Thanks to for being awesome and putting some great #highered #gaming presentations together
Someone tweet me I'm bored as fuck and I'm alone and scared
Monday, we've got the Dave Miller Experience here at 7:30. This will another great all-ages, no cover show!
When I watch Fox Soccer on Comcast it's like watching a film shot in 2.39 ratio.
Arnie said his Dad told him to be nice to everyone. The media must get tiresome but part of job.
Wise men still seek Him today. ~Dan Bell
RT : RT : Christmas is ugly sweater time of year :D
hope my best friends mom feels better
It appears I have forgotten where I live
Working working working
Starting the rumor now. Bruce Pearl will bring UWM back to glory
I was told that Venus and Jupiter are closer than ever in the sky tonight. But that's not what Venus told me last week...
Live jazz tonight at Hemmingway's Bistro featuring The Rose Colella Trio 6-8 p.m. hemmingwaysbistro.com
the color is great on her too!
Luz is truly awesome(:
Same here! We should go when you get back. Although I will be in B-Town tomorrow...so sometime soon!
The roast was awesome! You handled it like a #madman!
i live the fly of a fly girl
hey buddy (:
Heading to the bottom of the 9th all tied up!
(ANGEL) GET YO BALD HEAD ASS ON . YOU BE HAVING 2 TRACKS IN YO INVISIBLE PONYTAIL -___- BITCH I CAN GO ON YO HAIR ALL DAY SO JUST STOP.
I can't believe Suze Orman, my financial mentor, could give such bad advice on credit card advice. wtf!
Stacey, whistling winds
when can I get a jersey?
Arbor day. The one day that Texas Tech tricks students into doing the work of the grounds crew.
nice. a big moment.
Yep. Just off of Buck 0 Three
Having a true friend is one of the greatest blessing
Just met after a great dinner and he has heard of #Kylestock through twitter! Schweet.
I can't stand it when FAKE people pop up on my twitter!!
Reached Omaha getting ready to present with students @ the State School Board
Aw I love you guys :)
fall in love only when you’re ready, not when you’re lonely...
Jedi archives ftw.
He stabbed his organization in the back and now a surgeon will return the favor.
T. Boone Pickens seems to be going the Warren Buffett route and working harder at establishing his leftist credentials than at his business.
no we good but thanks": if u want me to follow you! because im gonna follow #EVERYONE that follows
In a training re twitter. Maybe I'll actually learn how this works.
Suicide Sprint Tuesday! (...and lots of ab work!)
There iz NO justification in owning/driving a minivan...I don't care who made it...and I DEFINITELY don't care what year it iz.
Oh, what lies there are in kisses!
Madigan to close. Begins by correcting his statement that AFSCME does bargain active & retirees. Emphasizes does apply to GA. Mentions COLA.
“: i tweeted mo 2day den i ever did b4” Hell yeah..Crazy
The Bucks face the Dallas Mavericks tonight at 8:30 p.m. ET. Go, Bucks!
Looking forward to seeing Little Miss Muffet this afternoon at the Swedish Cottage Marionette Theatre
Ron Artest and the retired Anthony Mason songs would be Three Days Grace "Riot" because their always fighting
Loving all the random what would you do if you won conversations happening in my neighborhood right now. Hilarious.
no problem. Thanks for the followback
Hey Luke, how are u bro? love ur Christmas CD
happy Friday, blaze one up, nice and fat
Hyped to see tonight at Even MORE hyped to see tonight at !!!
Hey the nail salon doesnt double as a daycare Make ur kids sit down & tell them to stop opening the door it makes the bell go off each time
I'm glad you enjoyed it! It was a particularly good conference -- lots of takeaways. Thanks so much for coming!!!
Eww! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>“: Then some chick quickly joined him and he quickly took her to the cashier area to buy a drink...dude's not slick”
omg! Tiring as fuck! I didn't have any water for 3 hours! Emilio's class was hard! But I caught up on it! Jaja's was
I know. Never a good thing :(
great speaking interview with Dan Link at University Club this morning while on deadline - you rule. Thanks.
First softball games of the season, then down to our sponsors for the #Rangers game
9 weeks test start tomorrow! :(
oppa! U got verified! Congrats!
- Saw "Tell No One" last weekend -- very nice thriller, even better because it is French!! Reminded me of Vertigo.
what a pimp!
haha! I love it!
#np Hang Me Up To Dry by the Cold War Kids
Will Google and Sprint join #Isis? It would be nice to not have a standards war in this space. I want some momentum behind #NFC payments!
Why is Mr. Darcy on the set up Up w/Chris??
- Thanks for the retweet David!
Honor does not have to be defended.
I try not to spam , But i feel like its the only way to get your attention... Please proove wrong? Follow? <U+2764>
Once again has woke me up wit his tweets.....good morning ;)
when whiteys try to be chocolates <<
It is those parent templates that need to be looked at to align truths and beliefs from generation to generation...
I'll keep my hopes alive.Maybe I wasn't supposed to date a girl from my church, but from another church instead. :)
by jacobs field, if that's what they still call it
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Confucius
Wow over 2000 followers! Thank you!
RT : How can it be a secret if everyone knows you're a goddess and writing queen?
date like a man, so you won't get played like a bitch :p
4 lectures on footnotes in 2 days=one professor very happy to be done with that chore.
THE FUCK STYLES?!
Hope things are good with u and the fam. Hang in there kiddo.
why wait? do it anyway, but give me a heads up as to where you are so I can come watch. I love public breakdowns
because that picture is really cute
Have I mentioned lately how much I love Lady Antebellum? They're pretty much awesome.
Katie knows science.
aww thank you so much..
NO SOCIAL LIFE FOR THE NEXT 3 WEEKS RICKY! WHAT DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND.
oh. Haha blonde moment
Love begins by taking care of the closest ones - the ones at home. ~Mother Teresa
is officially going to start tweeting. "like" NOW.
Led Zeppelin my music of choice for Sunday cleaning. Their intricate guitar, plaintive lyrics & melodies put me in zone.
Happy to do it!
Busy week ahead. We're gearing up for the trunk show at this Friday and Saturday. Hope you all can make it!
This is why I hate the #nba Knicks won't get a call this whole series. I guess NBA execs and officials have the #heat in Vegas
#cil11 Marshall Breeding treats us to highlights from his collection of 26,000 photographs in track A
Twitter from Adium. interesting.
so who wants to go get Roman Reloaded??? 0_o
Good morning to you
Hopefully i dont have todo summer school...
nobody calls him "adam" or "rosales" these days. :p
Just had some bomb ass milk n cookies n shit...
just cause I'm up 2 holes on u, why do u have to call out my swing
It's way better than "you have bad veins, let me poke you six more times." Trust me.
To date it's been Wine Steals or the PL Brew pub...soon, it will be Stone Brewery @ Liberty Station. Complete with bocce. Awesome!!!
I love how you always spell out enthusiastic runner as my twitter name. :)
get on down here!!! Haha
u say u wit whateva, but u say "no" 2 all the options!!!
there is really nothing to do when you're home alone sick
I could not be happier that today is over with.... I'm exhausted from work.
JBL PRX 400 SERIES IN STOCK! CALL FOR GREAT PRICING THAT IS TOO LOW TO ADVERTISE!
I am fabulous...how are YOU? Gloomy day 'round here, tho..think I'm gonna head for a run. THEN I may have a little java :)
You Know you're a teacher when... you can't name your own child names that evokes good,bad&ugly memories.
Was elton wearing stiletto boots ? Lol
- thanks 4 the reply ...i'm good - enjoying that pictures of you :)
I second that!
Thanks. We'll pass it on to our blog editor for consideration.
Haha your family RT : All drinks taste better out of a mason jar.
just let me know, im ready
Busy day. Learning lines for "The Orange Person", World Premier of Morgan at the Out on Film Fest. in Atlanta, and NYC Tweet-up tonight.
Girls dont know what they want and guys dont realize what they have.
I'll text you guys!
"What is this? Why are people so mean to that poor little boy? Or is he a girl?"
Arsenal for selfish purposes, I know he he comes AW will give a good shot to be a 1st choice player
stoked you like the song and stoked that you're part of
What is your favorite number?
I have 3% . So bye. blow up my mentionnnnss. well no nevermind dont aha or ill punch you. Jk bye (;
sorry no video that I'm aware of. . . maybe next time.
On that side of the aisle I did like Huntsman, which of course meant he had no chance of getting their nomination.
So she woke me up & now I can't go back to sleep !!!!
": Definitely Jeferson that signed the 4 year extension. #SportingKC" I'm guessing KAMARA
Fast Five!
ah yeah.
creative motivation: Think left &think right &think low &think high. Oh, the thinks u can think up if only u try!~Dr. Seuss
As the insightful says "Do the difficult stuff first. Let it be difficult and do it anyways." Fine! I will!
These girls im my child guidance class are some serious bitches
Oh man - I just looked at all the mail in the Peters/Saldana race. it is definitely boxing season for all.
no one flirted with me over dm's... im so sad
My phone is charging without a charger . Wuuuhhhhttt . ?
what are you watching?
Thank you to for the #FollowFriday mention
Before I die,I want to be in a club/bar and dance on a pole.I'm serious tho.
Don't give up! When I listen to the BBC, I'm inspired to find more colorful ways to express myself... for what it's worth.
Soriano looks so much better in games that he plays an important roll in...<<And has "swag"...note the shirt pull after game!
Crazy. My mom says my dad NEVER went to Grocery store! SMH
though ideas are part of ideology...
#Sony Earbuds: what abt something different? useful? I have ideas... who needs an idea? #apple #pioneer ? sell some buds! 12412
Thanks for the follow! May I send you a play? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, published at Indie Theater Now.
The food at the premiere party better be damn good since I just gave you all my money.
They require companies to remove content American companies don't like, no due processess, no conviction of infringement reqrd.
u get it back ?
This really happened please excuse my daughter as she stabbed herself with a craft knife in her left ankle when cutting cardboard.
Use your words. Get at me.
Wanting to see tomorrow!
hahah :D I'm behaving!
This snow is only making me want spring break harder
Excited that CNN may be coming to do a live remote from Thompson Library this Wed. Will share details as they come!
The semester is over! :D
I can totally see that!! hahaha james
Choosing between front row Nats seat and Game of Thrones was my Sophie's Choice today.
I dont wanna make his mood worse.
I'm going to my 1st Dodger game in Seattle. Will see Blue June 9th & 10th.
I'd do her
they gonna hate us after they hear are new ish
Thank you for the RT! Craftstravaganza was wonderful today! :)
That is the best "trick" 2 getting started. Tell yourself u only have 2 do a bit, and once going it is easier. Yay, ur done!
"I got that drink in my cup" bitch please you're like 12, the only drink you should have in that cup is apple juice.
It's just one of those days, when you finally realize why you went through everything you did yesterday, last week, last year.
come on man! It was top news!!!! What did you expect from people??!!!
Got to love the good ol' boy network bs on mad men. Peggy represent the average female in corp.
Oh yeah...or we could get two "lot lizard" specials at the truck stop!
it may the job that saves our economy. Cockitects are in demand now.
I can finally see my hard work paying off! Today I was able to get into my fave dress, which I haven't been able to do in almost 2 yrs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097>
Leslie Liu presenting on caring for premature infants, social support, and the role of mobile tech.
In Dallas. The warning is for South Dallas county.
but its ok cause you .... me
Thanks for the follow Sexy Fucker!! Too bad you don't list Texas in your list of states..
Playing all of old music !! Stuff I forgot existed but still know the words !!
We have many exciting things for 2012 join us and be part of this tshirt revolution!! Do you have what it takes? looking for
Love the bubble wrap calendar!
Thanks for the RT yesterday. Enjoy this beautiful day!
Belt around her neck and hanged herself," her 41 year old dad hung himself from his 3 year old daughter's swing set. 18 year old Dale Crole
and one more: that one followed the other (even after being told specifically NOT to). I just don't get it....
it's over w/ for this woodpecker goin ham. where my slingshot at???
I will still love ur tweets regardless of ur account name. Now back 2 the important things...... like dissing Nickelback. :)
Old Eddie Murphy movies > New Eddie Murphy movies
We love the way your blog categories change format as browser size changes! A really well-planned responsive design
"The thing that differentiates man from animals is money" Gertrude Stein. #RantRave Chpt 29 ANIMALS tonight Words, beer will flow
Trying out my new garment steamer tonight
maybe we should re-evaluate how mental illness is identified and treated vs blaming political rhetoric for when sick people do sick things
So nice to meet you, Crystal. Thanks for being part of a great evening. Glad to be connected. (LOVE your avatar!) :)
Funny. The one outside my window says "Hey Delaney" :)
Yup. Idris Elba won a Golden Globe for his lead in that show. RT heard Luther was good. I'll check it out.
Spokeo.com has all your private information on file and open to the public. You can remove yourself on their privacy page. Watch out!
would u get another female battle on that smack stage already!! Cause you keep gassing these girls. and It's sad!
Give Me Any Beat I'll Kill It ...
RT: Planning a social media campaign with peer-to-peer influencers? One good metric is: cost per acquired advocate.
Thou ethnic iBook
Deena looks like a man, man
how long are you in town? Wanna have a quickie coffee?
they sky :3
Not only that, but I have to get up no later than 5, get ready ASAP, and get to school early so I can finish planning.
JUSTIN BIEBER :O!!!!!! i looveee you <3
Just bought a new Carbon steel Wok, I see stir fry in the near future!
first impressions of some ethnographic research methods: it's going to take a lot of practice not to just feel like a creeper.
I always feel safest near ice cream
I am legitimately surprised to see that only has 568k followers. He's probably a bit demoralized that has 3.6m.
can u please overnight it? ;)
look at you, you nerdy baller you!
Thanks for posting on FB. Following now... :)
Yes ma'am!
Back from a week scaling 13K ft mtns in CO. Right now the pile in my inbox looks higher than any of them. #vacation -- worth it?
Just curious, what are you using NetDataContractSerializer for?
Scouting for a great position this summer? Contact us to find out what part-time jobs are waiting for you! Make $ AND enjoy your summer!
ROTFL.......we would love to have you in TX...tired of being the only "rat packer" here....lol
thanks for the RT! Happy Friday :)!
you are a copier.
and I am always ready to buy resort!
I dnt Like being around people I dnt kno!
“: Walden - what an idiot.” so far, the understatement of 2012
#50LiesIWasTold I will love you forever!
I hate when I can tell I'm starting to get sick...and there's absolutely nothing I can do about it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
damn so do I... I would take that anyday over mine... How long is the layover?
RT : If I treated you the way you treated me, I promise you would not have stuck around the way I did.
Breaking News: ABC cancels All My Children & One Life to Live! Final Episodes to air in 2011 & Early 2012
Last one in is a rotten egg! lol
Charlie's... sensory overload!
I've lost control over how the nursery is being decorated. Brandon is all for miss/matched themes. Animals on one wall, sports on the other
The dairy industry's new commercials bashing alternative milks = lame. Have you seen them? (Mom is scary monster shaking the alt milk?)
What should I be looking forward to with your magical gift of making great music?
#HockeyMeans a rough, tough, rock em, sock em, action sport for (us) hard-working middle class people.
Just matched a Buckingham Browne Nichols senior to a PR/marketing internship for her senior project.
Thanks for the kind words. I'm just livin' the dream!
too soon
Studio today! :D Get pumped!!! Guess what songs we are recording
What's Hiding in Your Energy Drink? The 5 ingredients you need to know before you crack open a can
1br in a large 2br Woolen Mills apt 4 rent! Peace, river, garden, bookshelves, cat, all good stuff. .
Just 2 more days til the premier of “Nepal’s Stolen Children,” a documentary on #humantrafficking hosted by on 6/26!
New Playwrights Festival. My next play will be read Wednesday night the 27th at 7pm FAU Boca Raton Studio One Theatre. You are invited!
every cowboy sings a sad sad song....evvvvvry rose has it's thorn
If breaking hearts is just a game then, pretty girls, you're all the same.
« >>> RT : his sweater reads BITCH IM FROM MILAUKEE ! #pantherfest»
your hilarious can't wait to hear the new album been a fan since puppy love lol
Weirdest arrangement ever.
It is by self-forgetting that one finds.
Blessed....despite of my current problems
is attacking someone for something that he would probably do... again?
#RnRUSA getting so excited for our 13.1 miles of fun tomorrow!
#casev Lake Forest college: Most of our alumni interaction is through Facebook, LinkedIn, and Flickr.... I did not expect
Gaining new followers & hearing feedback from our fans
Old school Law and Order on TNT now. Lenny, Logan and Claire.
Have any weird habits? Last night Kimberly watched My Strange Addiction and saw the girl eating cat food. WEIRD!!!
Okay, im done ranting
When you hear our cow bell.. it's time for vittles.
I need more follows man :(
Get some food!!!! Thanks for the shout out!
Can't wait to see what adventure DC Metro has in store tomorrow!
Dat doesn't makes u d king of england RT : So much adrenaline wen utd n city meet.... The best English Derby...
Story of my life. I make mostly cash and I just started depositing it instead of stockpiling. I feel rich!
looks like they're partying like its 1899...
Ditto for Dozier's.
I think morgan went to sleep on me
haha i knew you would!!
has picked up the rights to the hit #ABC sitcom, #TheMiddle! The show will start airing Fall 2013..
Super response for BTS tour this wk so we will do it again. Next 1 on 5/3 at 12:30. Hope u can make it over during lunch?
“: I Need A Dip.”Yea you do, fingers just shacking in right now, firing tweets off at record speed.
Hm.... I'm not btl RT : Pure ice. RT : I wonder of Dani blackberry icy or poo
This coming week I wrap up my first placement. How about you?
hey better not let christa see this <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
He cares for you. You're just too stupid to reaize it!
Orquesta La Moderna Tradición at the Coda Supper Club 1710 Mission Street San Francisco Sun, December 12
Someone please text me I'm so
Cosmo iPad app is really cool
please dont ask, please dont ask, please dont ask, !!! RT Tanning Mom -- I'd TOTALLY Do Playboy ... If They Asked [Video]
Can you believe I was turned down by a dr as a new patient because I took Xanax to sleep at night? Anyone else seen this?
I was just asking bc I'm always reticent to use words I only just learned by having to look em up. Can be a double-edged sword.
Plume is a nice Android Twitter client.
Oh imma asshole but sweet as pie to ppl I like lol ": is a jerk and i hope is not like her bec
Just received 3 new camp registrations in the mail today! Who else is coming to camp?
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back.
hey I'm at drupal day!
Love Buzz Williams energy. Guy is coaching his rear end off trying to get his boys back in this game.
your welcome! i am glad that you like it.
Marlins Fall in Debut at New Park, 4-1
What you favorite wok food?
Better your career potential tonight - in Denver with Judy Hale. www.ispi-frc.org
I've made so many mistakes, I'm just trying to fix them. I'm trying to make things right.
I won 2 seats to the $500 BDPO main and they gave me a $50 Contender main seat instead of the 2nd one. I am with you on this
Anytime, we like making our customers happy and keeping a smile on there faces...
Just bought my tickets for Bark in the Park on Sunday! Who else is going?
Great time with tonite. Great to see
If these bees don't stop eyeballing me, I'm gonna hit em with my golf club!
just restarted today, but I'll read fast to catch up!
PLEASE follow me! <3
There will be #mead?! The nectar of the gods shall be readily available. I could die happy, but then I can't have mead
Glad this rainy day Monday is almost over here in Charlotte.
YouTube Cover Song Face-Off: Rihanna’s “We Found Love”
Even when your Life is too Dark to see anything...Jesus is still there.
Welcome! RT Very pleased with our decision to move our DNS hosting to 9 domains moved over so far, only 202 to go!
Thanks a lot!
#NoAss is a good thing if: 1. You're in prison. 2. You're a fat chick's thong. 3. You're a fat guy's underwear. 4. You're a toilet.
Lakers or clippers??? I'm gonna go with the clippers tonight
:) Because I love you.
This coffee is
wow I made the biggest mistake ever. U dont realize what u have until u throw it away. I really needed him! Hes the reason I smiled :/
Watching my princess maddie tonight, expect pictaaas (;
My #ChiaSeedDiet starts tonight. Truth or myth? We will see in this
Strawberry/blueberry/carrot juice while watching snowfall, so peaceful. I love the way the snow kind of muffles out everything else.
thanks Chuck. Just checked out and commented on your scout story. Will follow too. Kim
Wow what a beautiful day :)
rain, rain go away. that's what all my ______ say.
you have a bio online?
Great to meet - clinical service meets social media ---> youth development.
just chillin in the library, gettin lifted
the empire state building is lit up green. Happy 420
lisa and I just got finished interviewing X for the punk show this sunday! fucking nerve-wracking and awesome!
Did my entire language project in 10 minutes
Is actively learning proposal, grant, and narrative writing and is psyched to begin a temp assignment tomorrow
If... I actually get up that early haa
naw I feel U that's what I'm say'n back in the day the radio on days like this was on hit now there weak..
Call us about your next event
It is through art and through art only that we can realize our perfection. °- Oscar Wilde
Great, my mouse just died, of no sleep..
LMFAO !! Im allergic to him too ! xD
Manic Panic "Atomic Turquoise" :)
i swear to god i only attract assholes. lol fuck you
"I'm just like 'Skins;' I work better in the U.K."- "Flipping Out"
Haha. I'm just excited to meet more young pros & enjoy our great city. :) RT : You're a machine!
An excuse is worse and more terrible than a lie; for an excuse is a lie guarded. Alexander Pope
OMG ISN'T IT SO AMAZING?!
Excited to take my visiting parents to all my favorite eateries:
Woo woo! Lets go SLC! RT : It's almost time... GO DRAGONS!!
Good point. I'm thinking Timeline killed Facebook. :(
I could really go for a loaded baked potato !
TLC now considering sending each Gosselin child out on their own balloon to get back the nation's attention span. Jon disagrees.
okay! got it! so any color but pink!?
Yea, I totally just got retweeted by Ric Flair.... Just sayin.
I'm gonna blame this terrible game on LeBron
Nice job by #Greinke today...looking forward to bouncing back next week.
is coming to chicity!!
shout out to my unfollowers.
Nice 2 have #madmen 2 fill the gap left by #thewalkingdead. When Game of Thrones starts back up, I will be in hog heaven. Yes, hog heaven.
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't. -Kurt Cobain
ya i do im not sure what all pics i have on there. check it out. schludaddy is my name on there
It’s art if can’t be explained. It’s fashion if no one asks for an explanation. It’s design if it doesn’t need explanation. Wouter Stokkel
You manufacture your future in the factory of your mind.
Happy August!!
damn good luck
This Shark's announcer might cry on national tv. #youmissedeverything are awesome.
#FREETEBOW FOR WINNING A PLAYOFF GAME IN HIS 1ST FULL YEAR AS A STARTER, CHUMPS DONT DO THAT
Sucks that I'm addicted to laying in the pool and it's only been one day; can't wait to get up early tomorrow !!
did you win?
Never let a white person say nigga
yes I would too give it to jeter myself but since he makes millions $$ he better give me a nice check in return
I'm not saying she's a slut I'm just surprised Facebook hasn't made her vagina a place to 'check-in'
Congrats! See you in Boulder.
2-4-1 Tuesdays ARE BACK by popular demand. Buy 1 full price body airbrush spray on a Tues in Aug, and you will receive a second for free!
Stay fly skydive no parachute
ReTweet if you "LIKE" Cheese Steak Tuesdays at Memphis Minnie's !
*pay per view
Give us a call if you want one. 888-742-2542.
Installed Ubuntu 11.04 and wow Unity sure does suck on first impression. I am going to give it a month.
Right now I just have to knuckle down and hang in there. Come April 8th I can sleep.
Sure you will, price of flights and luggage. You're not going anywhere! LOL LOL LOL
#BasketballProblems when your coach tell u that u need to try hard.
"is that an egg?" "yeah, are you allergic?" "no I'm just appalled"
Who has the best team name for the #DelMarMudRun?
“ I have one of you and your ex together looking al al cute! Can't wait to up load it either ;)
How much $$ would congressional offices save if they ditched windows and microsoft and moved to linux and Libreoffice?
aww. I miss you guy.
: if you wanted a shout out, all you had to do was ask me Grex :P
I still feel like absolute nothing.
Thanks fabulous!! Congrats 2 u :)
yeah a tiny bit sucky
There will be an application at the beginning of next semester. If you want any tips, feel free to let me know!
New "Research" pop-out is actually really, really useful. Google Docs tightens its grip on my work life.
Good for you!
I have never done that you cockass you do that and then crack up at yourself
yea I don't know for sure that's ur real pic babe lol I hope so very nice gorgeous
Another tip - celebrate your milestones on #facebook. Fans love it!
When I'm apart of Peyton's street team but all the news is in the PSA. #leftout I miss Peyton's Facebook. :/
I wish to see you in concert when are you coming to indianapolis ?
It is a REAL challenge, no doubt! So many ideas, one just has to prioritize and then focus like Hell!!!!
#FutureTweet RT : Eagles cut rookie free agent QB Jacory Harris (Miami, FL).
. 'amazeballs' -- Today I will be committing this Shan-ism 2the popular lexicon.
Ap bio tomorrow woo
Anyone out there know MS Access? Shoot me a note if you do!
#LMSunSIG training: faculty training f2f sparsely attended. Also offer online tutorials
Happy New Year!
Happy Birthday Abs
going to Italy this summer :D
I'd love to catch something tomorrow night. Suggestions? I'll be in DC the rest of the weekend, so unfortunately I'll miss a lot.
I just pretended to be asleep on the train so no one would sit next to me.. : / I feel naughty
ok so like I love you and I always read your favorites hoping I'm in them but I'm not.. So fail!! Ugh but I love you!!
Quantified Self..apps that measure you. Would you want this much info about your habits from sleep, health, eating, etc.
Success is a journey, not a destination. The doing is more important than the outcome. -Arthur Ashe
your mother is such a sweetheart. <3
your dress at pandora's party was absolutely gorgeous! and it proved to be very versatile haha looved it! =) xoxo
Awesome silent auction (V-Day gifts!) sponsored by LoHi businesses to benefit TCC! Feb 13th join Salon Denver for the I Heart Benefit 6-8pm
LOL! RT : They would both lose. RT who would win in a fight Mose or Tom Haverford
ReStore recycles home improvement goods in Siouxland - Sioux City Journal
do TRX. In 40 minutes you can burn over 600 calories
Thanks for the follow!
you got it;)
any idea if/when you'll be getting an affiliate program?
Henderson says special education students from outside of DC or in private schools are coming back to b/c of improvements
... I guess you were born on a powerful date?
STOP SPAMMING FRASER & JESSE. please.
awes yeah wuv you
You know that tightness in your muscles the day after a good workout? You can get the same feeling just by drinking for two days straight.
Enforcing a strict 10000% positivity rule for myself. I call it: The Neg Cleanse.
whos that? o.O
Yayayayayayayay made my LIFE and followed me <3 thank you
I love college hoops in March...MAC Tourney, no room for error...Let's Go Bobcats!
Good news for commuters. Via: Crews are moving signs and staging to get the center lanes of the TNBs open!
Feeling rested today!
pedal tavern then dicks private opening. Happy cinco
But seriously guys, it's 's BIRTHDAY today, so make sure you wish him a good one!
don't you justt hate when ur school doesnt turn on the air conditioning when it 87 degrees outside?
i love your cover from One less lonely girl. So beautiful! i like ya <U+2665><U+2665> please folow me? :$ <U+2665><U+2665>
I will eat your heart whole
New cars online , check it out
Bout to eat cookies for breakfast <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
a burn
I'm just saying damn shit happens ..branches go down ..circuits pass errors ..5pm is not alway precise
Hey guys please please pray for the Lundy family.... They found their daughter dead this morning.
I would be all over that except I cant get past your physical/mental disability: being Canadian. Sorry sweetie ;)
Niall...you miss your family!
thats what people were saying about stars that made it now lol ask mike jones lol
She got sum jiggle back there! I like it!
at home that i have to do
Elias Boudinot (signer of the Declaration of Independence) founded the American Bible Society.
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 14
Golf Jokes '#Black Balls'! A Scot & an #American were talking about playing #Golf during cold weather...Punch line @ www.ICUGofStories.com
I agree 100%
ok I'm with ya now!
Its so tight when everyone stops texting me at once.
the way that you flip your hair get me overwhlemed
just came back from practice
I like single purpose websites
My fellow Americans PLEASE stop saying "myself" when you should be saying "me."
Hey , iHavent Talked To Yoou Ina While . What's Up (:
Yay! Glad you're liking it!
That was FREAKING AWESOME you are amazing!! So talented!!! #HunterIsWanted at F4 row 23 seat 4!
Now finally near 1k tweets
: can't run for at least 6 weeks. Stress fracture in my right heel :(
Congrats on 1.7 million love, you deserve every single one. :*
I hate gold digging a** women! #Why ???
aha i knoe right. It happenend to me before i even had to get a new number!
Light Rail between Camden and North Ave need more spotters to direct people to bus bridges.
That was probably the funniest five minute car ride ever.
We are a proud Silver Sponsors at SugarCon 2012! Visit booth #117 tomorrow and talk to us about CRM customization
Im sexy and I know it.
u know he's doing work for CSN in Boston right now! #WhiteMamba is
did i mention that the dance battle dude is almost 40??? help help help me please (pops v)
Let your conscience be your guide. Its going to be a big year for Konshens. long live
Never regret your past, because the mistakes of yesterday were only lessons for a much wiser today.
Just Uploaded "I Go Hard" Go Listen/Download SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat Make Sure To Download "Pour Up" Push It To #1 On The Charts!
True. I was twisting it a bit as a baseball reference. Yes, I'm one of those geeks that takes a glove to baseball games. Lol
Great news! Let us know if we can assist. RT to & in the fall!
Oh, this place has panini now
Beach reads. Do you have a favorite, and why?
I am pretty sure we are bringing home a new Great Dane pup in a week. Super excited to add to the family:)
RT : A man is but the product of his thoughts what he thinks, he becomes. Mahatma Gandhi
The greatest compliment that was ever paid me was when someone asked me what I thought, and attended to my answer. - Henry David Thoreau
16 days until band finals, 44 days until the #JamesBlunt concert, and 79 days until I turn 29.
hey! basically if you want to back the project you click the backer reward on the side that you want and it processes it
Potstickers for breakfast...i think so yes
Sorry to hear that! I actually stopped by to check out your portfolio today and noticed it had changed.
I'm a mature adult Shea!!
Life is so good.
I had a long day at the set in CBS. I got out on time to celebrate Cinco de Mayo but that will be later. Now off to sleep! Z
I can't wait to come see you today! Your my inspiration! #DreamComeTrue <3 follow me?
THANK YOU FOR #SaySomethin (:
Leplets of course
The Divine Light is always in man, presenting itself to the senses and to the comprehension, but man rejects it.
"Baby girl you know what I want let me do it to ya, do it to ya" Been listening to that non-stop for 7 days!!!!
80 degrees monday. Snow tomorrow. 4-8 inches by wednesday.
Some people really dont know when to shut up
they finally found you.
well take off all yo clothes
Project lost ideals and "instead became a means to shore up the existing system of scholarly publishing, with all its flaws intact." (-)
Have u ever tried to sleep then some stupid nigga wakes u up
ran out to the old pond to adjust its size in my mind but was distracted by the violins hanging in the trees
Turned out to be 5.5 miles, but I'm not complaining :D
This country would be boring w/o immigrants. Only the law has changed. It's not written in stone, either! Ever seen Miss Liberty?
I will be your friend, I will love you so DEEPLY
Was this meeting planned in advance? Election day? Coincidence?
Later bro. Thx for the unfollow. When you have 10X more followers than tweets it's always suspect
what were we doing?? I don't remember squirrels.
idk how i would compare them, its good though, i am sure you will like it though! :))
POWER CLAP
Nigga has no chill ---> RT : Immma re head fan bit,h fuck wit me!!!
Right now my kitchen is cleaner than it's been for a couple of years.
he provided very little details to Joe. A friend of MM's father was also w/ him when Mike told his father what happened. Cont...
Clean it and I'll go with you. Ccd Geoff and Bruce heard any thing from either???
Life is too short. Screw the hate. Reciprocate the love. Have fun and get wild.
See - she should have lots of good (?) examples.
#International1DChristmasQuiz ... I am not familiar with this strange contraption. Do tell me more about it. x
"Needs to change from an obligation framework to an opportunity framework" #tanf panel
hahahaha, why do we have to keep reminding you!
At the final #did11 keynote: the Google n-grams origin story from the culturomics team.
So true! RT : Graffitied on I75 bridge: "Miami: Sunny place, shady people" #fact cc:
Wtf axe man! A double
parents conversed in emails without a massive fight. it seemed civil, even. (i was cc'd.) APOCALYPSE, Y'ALL, DANCE TIL THE WORLD ENDS.
Yummy, elegant brunch at La Mie Emelie in #Carmel, a stop to look in the fascinating, charming windows at the Museum of Miniature Houses...
Just got back from our first day in the studio and everything's sounding sweet. So excited for everyone to hear!
Good for you, keep it up!
Sorry but not sure how you can expect me to work this week.
I understand that- I get what you're saying but I've worked in healthcare &far 2many times the bottom line is $ not the patients
Can't wait til Sean Woods is named coach!!!
me too
It's not true that life is one damn thing after another; it is one damn thing over and over. -Millay, Edna St. Vincent
You're always welcome. You can sing with us anytime!
gangstas paradise, I'm afraid
I try
Watched that Fox Sports USC video where go around campus interviewing Asian students to basically make fun of their accents.
West side is where you should live. You won't fit in on the east side.
Fact: Honey is the only food that doesn't spoil.
haha... let him be.
well,come with us!
BA BA BA BIRD BIRD THE BIRD IS THE WORD DONT U NO ABOUT THE BIRD WELL EVERYBODY NOS THAT THE BIRD IS THE WORD :P
Can anyone help me download google play on tablet? its downloaded but wont work.
I Dropped That "No More Locked Doors" But Damn, Now They Wanna Lock Me Up Tho...
Come meet tomorrow at the gift shop in He's giving fans tix via a special #PatsPacerPlayoffParty promotion!
miss you
Nudge of the Day: "If you don't like change, you are going to like irrelevance less." Gen. Eric Shinseki
Associate order with freedom, peace, and sanity. - Vicki Norris
was great to see you play live with JLs in person at album chart show recording a while back
Best Short Action Film goes to "The Shpre"
Midnight Possume Murder. Excellent band name. Not so excellent occurrence that I heard while trying to fall back asleep last night.
The REAL Deal!
We got some good new projects that we'll be putting out soon.
So beautiful outside after all this good rain. Need to churn through my work so I can get to the garden and plant potatoes.
So what's everyone giving the lifespan of CD's (or other music disc media)? Think they'll still be for sale in 2020?
. nice to cu today. Believe it or not really cheered me up. Will take u up on beer offer soon.
Back from tour working on new songs. Right back to it!
I was reviewing the real facts behind the recent Federal jobs report -- it was raw and ugly.
I think we have religion just to have an excuse to fight when ifyou actually look at it each religon isthe same storyline just tweaked a bit
Babby:"There seems to be to me some skepticism about our ability to attract free agents, which I was an agent, I don’t get it."
#akwardmoment when you say she is fat and they think your talking to them... Exept the thing is it was a picture of Juliet from the play<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I wouldn't know just how sweet this tastes, no, if at first I didn't go through bitter times, through bitter places.
Enjoying the weekend...
what movie / what time ?
You are always able to see your nose. Your brain just chooses to ignore it.
I luv his songs! so good! 5 star ratinng from me!
Thanks David. That was a lot of fun. I love playing with people who listen. Nothing finer. That way it's always new.
#2followersthatshoulddate & one day they're loving each other next they're fighting like a married couple.
kenzie.. did he mean to change this account or the official one to the ROtenents? lol. we have more followers on the other one so
Thank you for the RT! Look forward to hearing from you soon! You can check our website out to for info.
it'll be on mixtape for free download soon! Shhhhh!!!
Drooling over the bakeries I see from the bus on my way in to the show.
Happy Thanksgiving!! Here's what going on el aeropuerto.. sfo flights delayed, car traffic is light, lot C almost full, free coffee coupons
2 years in a row with not a single Illinois school in the tournament?! HOLY TERRY CUMMINGS!
Uhh...WHOA. That makes me want to apologize for being a sociologist. >_<
You can't have a fake girlfriend,when you have a real girlfriend.... Make sense?
#9 im trying to get curves before the summer . shhhh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
ME TOO!
o goodness usin twitter has been difficult post-surgery but glad 2 hear u r safe & officially a right-coaster ;) hows it goin?
It feels like a Friday, for serious. Not running on a class schedule anymore with school out! Working & study time for next 7 days :)
My camera is charging. IT WILL NOT DIE
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
Morbidly obese people and SEPTA don't mix.
Those are amazing! How old are they?
4 years ago I was a sophomore in high school living at home..
This is my last drunk tweet of the night: I fucking hate hipsters so much
“: ok cool.lucky wifey you have:-)” why thank you.
good morning! thank you! glad to be part of your morning :)
Another terrible call...the is a joke.
Good much today your gonna do great! And remember! Your a beast!! ;)
I don't have all the answers. I just know this isn't it.
Scratch that, I see that was intentional. Rough morning for me.
Practice at 4pm ;)
The problem of free will seems closely related to the problem of emergence.
I miss your old beat up Toyota, the way you used to hold me, us sneaking out, and the way we kissed. Most of all I miss you.
There is a gin distillery in #Brooklyn and I'm getting a tour Thursday. Can't wait to tell you more
Little steamy here in Phoenix.
haha hey guess what :P lol ?
Loving 's #LazerLight Video! Her spiked jacket is #Sickening I NEED IT! xoxo and she looks amazing! <3
“: shout me out. I need two more followers to 200^_^” done lol
The #DriveInMob has me watching
Ok, why is #ShiaLaBeouf all of a sudden this huge comical phenomenon on tumblr all of a sudden? I mean it's slightly humorous, but why?!
RT : You never know what could have been, without trying.
I literally just saw this...weird. Kafe 99 is a super tiny cafe (99 square feet) around the corner from my studio. Treat/18th.
Yeah - Hemingway is definitely worth the second chance!
RT : Whenever I see the number 1701 in the wild, a little part of my nerdsoul smiles.
The more and more I think about it, the less I like Denver. OKC... I see you!
Hell yea! I think I'm going to start RT : That'd be amazing! RT What if we all talked as of Shakespeare?!
Im a picture taking freak when I get bored..
One outta two aint bad!
Listening to "Onukpa Shwarpo" from the Bokoor Beats comp, and it sounds like they are singing, "MoonPie shuffle." Now I want a MoonPie.
Go Bret favre! I'm impressed
Went to the Pt Defiance Zoo today. Saw lots of exotic & unique animals, including and way south of their normal habitat
HELP Committee passes FDA user fee bill by voice vote, Sanders the only "no"
fake niggas stay fuckin up the plans, hiphop need me like uncle sam
*Grabs popcorn* Ready! RT : #RememberWhen SOON with our very own Stay Tuned!
good call. Death Cab = a great addition to any mixtape!
Can some of the big influential #atheist people please speak up about how offensive using shit like "crea-tard" is??
Will You ever come to san diego california #AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You=]
Wondering how to get a book featured in Starbucks, a la Beah, Albom and Hosseini. Any idea out there?
You're ridic.
Some days are harder than others, any tips on how to get through them?
YEA MARY PRANTIL PRETENDS 2 B G/F OF MARRIED PRODUCER HANI SALAMA LMAO THE BITCH IS LOST
Hey! What are you doing tomorrow at 2PM? Come to St. Pious to watch UNM and the NM Brujos rugby match!
my favorite jewelry is a charm bracelet
I mean creating an honest representation of who you are and what you do.
Goddamn I Fuckin love hearing Journey on the radio.
maybe you like it in forever 21 or something at millcreek
I love how I fall asleep to him, and wake up to him. It makes my night&day(:
Been searching for 1on1 #personaltrainers that work out of #bayview strength/aerobic/flexibility. Anyone have suggestions? Lots of options!
yea I'm sad but you helping me come out of it appreciate you :) I feel better already
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 17
OH: "As long as its food, and it's not coconut, I like it." awesome!
If you do today, like you did yesterday, you never get the fullness out of today. It’s a new Day, think on things that r new.
Still plenty of time to get all 16 CE online at www.TuckerSchool.com! Brokers should be able to go online to renew May 1 at www.in.gov/pla
Don't forget to consider PBS, TED Talks, iTunesU, and MERLOT as learning objects in your courses, says Alicia Tucker
Bag It is on WHUT right now. Just started if you haven't seen it.
Good night! love you all <3
we normally have routine. Same deal:homework when he gets home. But the last 2 days have been difficult
Thanks so much for the wonderful mention!
So cold! Normal rutine! Cross country at 7:30... And basketball at 7:55 (: can't wait untill health class! I love that teacher..(:
Happy birthday Cor-whore! :D
The Detroit Lions are getting a lot of love on Sunday NFL Countdown this morning.
Homewatch CareGivers Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
It's really funny how right when I get home from school, my mom planned my whole entire weekend for me... haha wth?
As a family-owned business, we always look for opportunities to give back to the community. Email us for fundraising options.
Have any questions for Mr. , entrepreneur, biographer, and philanthropist? Tweet them in!
Sounds like someone got his money's worth—if not more.
2012 is definatly the year of the ratchets go back in a hole please its hard to find class these days
come back pleasee my sister wants to meet u again...
St. Patty's Day Google search: "corned beef and cabbage dinner" + your zip code. Works well in Chicago.
Oh, that's nice to know that there might be some humor as well.
You Vandal Fight For First Inside the Target Car Roswell Bridge of Lions THIS SATURDAY!
For real, the IN M0tion team is taking over this summer. If there's a venue you know is the absolute place to be, let me know.
A new initiative from PushPush and the NEA giving individual artists opportunities usually only available to arts organizations! 8/15. 7pm
no worries.
A great Rose is 2009 Unti
Life is Really Simple, but men Insist on Making it Complicated ~Confucius
Hope for West Liberty Kentucky. This is my home town and as most of you know it was destroyed by a tornado and killed & injured many people
Commissioners don't feel valued by the city council... saying they don't want "traffic" in the name; want to take on other issues too.
I love when you guys favorite my tweets ! Makes my day !
Wearing tank tops to work >>>>
Didn't see the game, but the #Bulls held the Magic to 59 points.
Get me one while you're out, would you? ;)
About to post highlights from my last 2 weeks of blogging.....
Hi ! Love the baby penguin graphic
Ur such a good DADDY ;) bestesssss DADDY ever!
Made it through first softball game of the season. Wasn't pretty but lots of fun!
Laying down on the kitchen counter like a rebel. I will not stand for another home made meal. I want fast food!
My vision was just time slots at two booths w/laptops. Others?
Watching #Alien on #IFC - Cant wait for
Broncos not done. Need another WR, a TE, a better backup to McGahee. Defense needs more too. No more Dawkins & Bunkley a FA
Ugh, I want those freaking Jeffrey Campbell Nokea's!!!!!!!!!!!!
Officially have lost 50lbs! The last few have been hard. Lesson- what it takes to get there is not what it takes to get to the next level.
be their a lil later. Where bout you goin.?
some ppl treat Franny like a reputable person too RT : Francesa: "People are treating Twitter like it's a legitimate news source".
&quot;Hunger Games&quot; battles &quot;Bridesmaids&quot; at MTV Movie Awards
It's part of NBA's "Green Week"...do it every year. Like Xmas in April. Got your shopping done?
omg I agree 100%
frozen. :p
Shamrock shuffle was a good time. Now just hanging out with everyone in the city. Can't wait to move back.
"Charlie Kelly: King of Rats"
Hey! We missed the PLN portion this am. Had to hold forth for the whole 45 mins.
Sad thinking I will never again work on Desperate Housewives. Great bunch of freinds. Fun set. (although the coyotes screamed a lot.)
Mixing with a drink in hand!
fiscal pension reform must not cause taxpayers more money than what it claims to save.
I'm about to drop my new hit single, "Nothing but a butt on the operating table".
Thanks for the mention, sir!
#RIPLewisMighty god has bigger plans for you x
bedroom walls QA: What is the best way to clean a piece of gold jewelry and cover or remove some noticable scrathes? ;)
If it ever snows in Florida, it will truly be a cold day in hell.
Put God in the middle of everything that you do!
Todays special ! Make any hot dog a combo for 1.00 more...
Conceptualizing a study that looks at markets for African American hair.
Some days I feel like a whale with all those "attachments" Wait, it must have been too many glasses of wine! But I digress. Night everyone!
Welcome aboard Manning!!!!! It's great to be a Colorado sports fan!
Does anyone have any thoughts on ITT? More interested in what employers think than current students, but give me your thoughts on the school
sunday, grinders, share some stories
I wanna tell you something but you will just yell at me
your dad lol
Need to find a coffeehouse where I can stare off into space with the rest of the dreamers.
Hi Darrah! Pretty profile picture :)
Today is region 8 history day with judging at the Museum Center. Stop by to check out the exhibits and encourage these young historians.
#chocolate in batches soon... #easter !
He lovin tha crew "* see what i did their "* .*
We are! BUSY BUSY BUSY :)
damn huge day then
Belated #FF to , , , , Welcome to the weekend!
RT : Wondering how many #jobseekers have inflated senses of value... #RealityCheck #hfchat #jobhuntchat HARSH, but true
Are you sleep-tweeting?
if you don't do Bizarre Ride to the Pharcyde Ill make fun of your moms and say she has a glass eye with a fish in it.
My Outlook Calendar is full for the week. Now taking bets on how much of it is going to be rescheduled around one client.
i heard someone call #Facebook Fakebook and they were in the "younger" generation so does that mean.. it has truly jumped the shark?
Democrats can win without the backing of big #labor, but they can't win without American workers
Natalie I love your spread!!! Filmmaker Darren A. Saunders
Well it's time for the main event #Lakers vs
wanted to watch oscar nominees and knit all day but work had other plans.
I think 61 should pay me $20 for a 1-2 hr DJ at there house at Woodfest on Saturday. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> I throw down. Lol
RT : any jazz musicians in Columbus Ohio? I gots a gig for ya there
I gotcha!! lol
Joffrey Barathean is Mike Matheny. The "Hound" is Berkman. Can't figure out who would be Tyrion?
Imagine playing 7 minutes in heaven with the boyz... and being the only girl
Just invented new challenge of spinning my earbuds at different speeds in each hand. Totes harder than it sounds.
I know, right??
...my Seattle Mariners just got perfect gamed #fuckme (a perfect game is pitching a whole game with out giving up a walk error or hit)
Coolness is strictly defined by how accepted you are by mainstream/corporate entities...DUH!
i'm sure it will be another winner!
New iPad is beautiful!
hi Jordina, let's talk! Email Carol at and we can set up a time to talk and move forward. Thank you!
cast party tonight. This is going to get crazy
#the descendants for best picture at #oscars? It really wasn't such a good film. It had good ingredients, but wasn't too moving.
I wanna swim with dolphins!
i am still in love with barry trunk i will wait for him forever, i will love him always the same, barry and i are soulmates
The amount of love is getting on my TL >>>>>>
I did laundry last night, does that count?
James Atlas in : "They're going to accomplish...effective marketing and distribution" #oreally? To which bookstores?
You a sad Fan. L.A. BAKERS... Crying all over the court
Awesome. I wish I was as together as you at that age. : Coming out and learning to be myself no matter what anyone thought.
Sunday sounds good !
What are you thinking?
See all of you lovely people tonight at . Come out and say Hello to us
Need to release some #stress!!
Come by our booth at Wordstock this weekend. Books, magnets, earrings, and details on our newest project, Smoke!
"i was wonder maybe i could make you my baby if we did something crazy"(;
So you're gonna wave off a 16 vs dealer's 9 and then get mad at her when you lose. Yeah, it's HER fault that you suck!
Migraine ugh
Haha oh you ugly! ;)
#FF – learn how the Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Center trains the next generation of #biz leaders in #ethics &
so long bitch you did me so wrong, i dont wanna go on living in this world, without you.
Someone already won. Sorry
": Sometime u jus have to wait n be patient n ur blessin will come."<<< hope so cuz
Had a dream I met and we were talking about my pageant! Lord if it be your will!!! Make it an epic day tweeties :-)
ill bring the chicken
See you tonight at the Squealing Pig for LISSA/ALASC Fall Semester Kick-Off!
This is climate (and work related), I promise: It would take approximately 84,375,000 gallons of water to fill the Rose Bowl to the rim.
Something I love...walking through my museum before anyone gets here :)
What is your favorite #FrankSinatra song?
Yeah! Give me a call!
I'm lying. Lol. Next week we in there.
Curious how your social media traffic might change You have a beautiful family. Enjoy Mother's Day weekend!
Today's wedding soundtrack brought to you by: the ice cream truck rolling through the neighborhood.
WOW I just worked out for 3 hours
Alternative is to buy some FA help (D. Lee or whatever), but I doubt MA is going to OK more spending.
The most important part of the story is the ending
I literally had the EXACT SAME conversation with myself 5 minutes ago. How? How??
Texas Academic librarians interested in some free Intellectual Freedom posters & flyers? Contact
Some friends are taking me out to dinner for my birthday.
it was and I won't ever do it again unless it is someone I know and would do it for. Yeah but it sucked! It was crowed and yuck
Well I can make that happen!! Im giving Britt a helicopter ride next Thursday! Should be fun!
so how's your turf toe are you playing this weekend? hope its getting better
Fun game: How many of your Facebook friends have FB-liked Nickelback? (I have, eek, four)
The angel falls in Venezuela are nearly 20 times taller than Niagara Falls.
“Hope” is the thing with feathers, that perches in the soul—and sings the tune without the words. And never stops—at all. – Emily Dickenson
Missed the metro by 1 second! *sadface*.
Evidently, you can tell Rush Limbaugh to fuck off.
OKAY COME OVER SOON AUSTY JUST BOUGHT NEW AXE ;*
Haha, agreed!!! I use it quite often.
RT Props to FSD recognizing the 1 year anniversary of Verlander's no hitter vs the Blue Jays.
"O Lord Jesus " Rom. 10:9; 12b-13 ".....and rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved..”
Does anyone remember that creepy Second Life thing? Are people still engaging in that wierd avatar world? If so they should stop.
haha, the maraschino's will be on the ice cream later. Those are cherry tomatoes : )
Tebow is my hero what up merril hoge? #stophatin #suckitsteelers tebow averaged 31 yards per completion stop crowding the box on him
You two will win!!!!!
RT : #ThingsBabyMamasSay Maury, I am 1000% he's the father of my baby, look at their nose and ears.
I don't have the same feelings about eleanor & louis as i do danielle & Liam. maybe it's cause I've always had a soft spot for hannah, idk.
What Do You Think of The #AmericanJobsAct?
Never mind I see that you already did but could you ask you friend to follow me and Bella Thorne
Likely Ruby, but TBD. Saw you , nice presentation! Ping me if you want to chat 206-420-8456 or
I never go to the trainer. Probably bad for me but I don't ever want to sit out on anything
What up doe
recommendations for a half marathon playlist?
we had an issue with our first shipment, but we should have more in tomorrow afternoon!
so how have you guys been? crazy weather where you live?
This girl I'm sitting next to on the bus right now legit smells like cupcakes
Thanks for following! We absolutely LOVE your children's book...will there be more? I'm sure it's getting busy for Sun 'n' Fun.
Good day to you all.
thanks for the follow. I have some fresh stuff for you!
Why do people have to say really poopy things to me first thing in the morning? It's only 6am and I still need more coffee. Grrrrrr
Armour Home Electronics Introduces The Q2 Wi-Fi Radio In The United States
RT Going for duke tonight!!
I've just been very surprised to hear people say this has no effect (or maybe a positive one) on overall marketability for sponsors.
Cartoon Network's 'Beware the Batman' Teaser Hits the Web (Video) - Hollywood Reporter
Stop Smoking lol
Thanks dude! The roman numerals are my wedding date... Turned out great!
i get lost in ur Pretty Brown Eyes
Plans change when you're talking about one of the ten greatest QB's of all-time
Really George Hill? Your actions make you look like Bynum.
Only today? It's 2012 and jeans are more expensive than slacks. Why not wear them everyday?
haha! You saved so much money on your car insurance!
At the car repair place, and fox is on. Obvi having a great morning.
and have no future good picks say thanks to carson
Somehow I don't believe you! ;-D
Mom is helping Niko Bellic choose more appropriate clothes. She doesn't like his style.
I thought I saw your reflection in a cigarette machine
It really sucks, how after everything, you're still the one I want Hearing Your Voice makes everything all right.
GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE.
I love catching the cheaters, but I hate hate breaking the bad news or confirming the bad news.
-- wow. I'd not seen those before. what a simply astounding performance of "Born Under Punches".
xJets0_0Lifex if you're a #Sneakerhead then follow ---&gt; iantunes113 ...he can hook you up with a discount to karmaloop
Correction: Detroit will upset Kansas in the first round and take the tournament by storm #cinderellastory RT
National Ave / Greenfield area have some issues. I like the area you are looking at.
Sign up for our email updates and we'll do our best to keep you literated!
Give Up The Gimmicks: How Groupons And Coupons Can Damage Your Brand - Fast Company
Happy Monday Thanks so much for the #SHOUTouts - Have a stellar day!
Can not wait till my iPod gets here
this summer: BBQing @ my place!!!
if you can tweet you can mint!
your a fucking slut. Die slow
I need to see & STAT.
wow, Jimmy Kimmel is slaying em.
lol dang I know u was irritated ...yea it's cool I had got a flat tire and knocked the air pressure sensor off
Nestor Carbonell just walked by, #lost #sdcc best of luck on The Ringer
RT : RT : All these May 4th people...Don't they know hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster?
Ok so I'm an official fan of supra's smh
Congrats to Tim Hays on Caroline Street, who won our donated house history at the Dupont Village auction!
What's the scoop on opening date? Good baristas are hard to come by and well appreciated!
<-cant wait to find that kind of love!
iight bro I got u
Yay! RT : Ready to start building some great work for Help us welcome another new client,
WBBM reports low voter turnout. Come on, Illinois! Your vote matters.
OPIUM HARD ROCK baby!!! I haven't been out in 4ever....GRANT ME MY WISH, & !
i want YOU to be all mine.
rehearsal for what?! I wanna see!
Ready to get your new business off the ground? Hit us up 2day for a quality, professional web presence!
Loving the #Google logo video today!
we didn't really like February anyway
you in the clouds bout to hit Jupiter?
Delish apps and cocktails
I appreciate the fact that we still keep in contact with one another, though.
across from registration on lowest level
Cool! We are also using UBD. Would love to share units.
Its sucks enough having to walk through insanely congested city sidewalks at 5pm. But now I have to dodge ur 8ft diameter umbrellas too.
Hope all ya'll had a blessed Easter w/your fam & loved ones.
That hoodie go hard bro
no:( well lets still do something
Pagliacci Pizza building new restaurant in Madison Valley via: cc:
Just got hooked up with Google Wave! thanks... Can't wait to try it out.
Drug addiction is a disease, and whether you know it or not, relapse is very very much a part of recovery. Spoken from a professional point.
So over it; this keeps getting worse every week. I seriously want it to be fixed, #sobad. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
yea we needa gone and set that up
nah man, long beach still. Any plans to come down here? Been too long dude!
#YouKnowShesTheOne if she can shave her head and still look like a woman.
sorry you missed #FoodieandTheBeast at dc - & I ate your Penne Allan Vodka -- fun
why is Larry Fitzgerald so sweaty?
omfg! :D so happy for you!! <U+2665>
“: who is the iPad dev from Bethel?” // That would be the amazing artist, filmmaker, and cool guy:
btw I'm in Seattle & then San Francisco next week. You are traveling near there?
when's the douche-itor follow-up come out?
How does a pig write home? With a pig pen.
Hey everyone! sorry i havent been on lately...busy. but im back & for good. (:
Bye bye drose. Coach tom. What were u thinking?
Thomas on fire early! Great hand there
Eff you for this text: "Seeing the Black Keys, Avett Brothers, and Trampled by Turtles all in the next month."
On this date: In 1780, during the Revolutionary War, the besieged city of Charleston, S.C., surrendered to British forces.
Escapism and conformism are both forbidden..we do not seek to preserve our holiness by escaping the world....
Cool, thanks for the link. Such tasty looking restaurants and nice hotels
My uncle got pissed because I was blasting at 4 in the mourning! C:
If being sexy was a crime i'm not sure you would get charged...or even get a jury summons....
God bless you. I am happy to know your relationship is filled with His love and favor. :)
The teamakers are still creating the freshest tea surprises. Make sure you ask what's cookin'.
Watching this old skool Simpsons ...still funny...but Family Guy is kiling they azz!
Customer loyalty and employee engagement is the key to the growth of your company. Learn how RTOREWARDS can help!
Tanning like a boss.
Who the fuck gets panda express for breakfast
Bitch irritating as fuck
I'm an enigma, don't even try to figure me out.
I bet he will love that!!
Great article yesterday
4 reminders / day to take some shots. Find a subject & take 3 shots of the same pose with 3 different backgrounds. Do you like all of them?
To the BAMA fan that just chose to NOT pay your tab at Phoenix Sky Harbor, you just robbed my sister
Register and pay before Dec 24th and be entered to win a free iPad2!
#sometimesiwonder why so many people can't tell the difference between reasons and excuses...
Terrible what happened but I commend you on the way you handled the interview. Like a professional and a champion
I think it's taking as long to load the picture as it did for you to bake the tart
is taking shape b/c of Girl Power!
It's almost the weekend!!!!!!!! Live it up, school starts again on Monday.
your welcome
It's the only way to own it.
Thanks love! Back at cha!
That feeling when you get your nails done>>>
I hope you had a great day!
Man and Woman of the Year Nominations are available soon.
Very sweet of you to say! I had a blast singing Journey, The Calling, Hunter Hayes, and Rick Springfield on the premiere!!
if he never go out wit you in public then
Watching my first episode of #gameofthrones I really don't think Im smart enough for this. There's so much anger!
have show choir auditions in a bit.
If thats all ur gonna say dont bother texting me at all!
We must dare, and dare again, and go on #daring. --Georges Jacques Danton
Wonder how tonight is gonna go?(: Butterflies,so bad right now!
How fake, now they are hugging her! When they should have stopped Tami from jump!
": Only by spending time with a #Pisces will you be capable of an intense view into their feelings." Kinda true..kinda
Cutting my Ortiz short. The collar suffocates me..
Hi! Guys I haven't been on twitter at all mostly cuz school and homework but I'm back now so ,,,,,,,, Helloo : -)
The best part of Unknown? Watching January Jones blow up.
I think there's a weight limit for any human female walking around the CNN center. It is 100 pounds or less.
She promises a champagne sip and reinstated pay if $100k is raised in the video.
Oh Etsy! You broke when I was messaging a Bride-to-be back about a 6 piece order for her wedding! Jeepers! #etsy #etsybitch Earthquake?
#iwny for the pitch event at 1 today. I wonder which five twitter submissions were chosen!
Grading, grading, and more grading. Followed by Metadata group meeting for Digital Curation class.
Dear #MSSQL experts, Is there anything you should do after creating new indexes in SQL Server 2008 R2?
Started getting ads that ask "Single and Republican?" on Facebook.
IT IS PRONOUNED NUCLEAR. F-
That's the only song on my work playlist....
Goodnight Austin<3
Our Holiday movie this year:The Artist. The opening credits were all the re-habituation we needed. "With Pleasure" indeed!
yum! I wanna stop in there and get some pizza dough...
Yes! Dinner on you! :D : Finally got my paycheck!"
Sign at Miller Park today said bring back , I think that's a 100% correct
Im nice by nature. Im only an asshole when people take it for granted.
That extra late night snack wwas definitely not needed. Run tomorrow, needed.
And summer will unfortunately be disjointed enough to disrupt efforts to solidify schedule, social network.
I hate feeling down...
Sorry if I am being a asshole to anyone just somethings make me mad
Settling in for the night with ep 2 of #Luck on
u a simple minded nigga. Everyone in industry wears it for photoshoots. I was play but didnt kno ur stupid for real yo
US wide! Open to everyone to purchase!
Ah…Just saw that already posted the Dube article
The fact that I can hear from my room lol
At red Robbin with my love :)
RT : "Need a more sophisticated consent system that enables more granular sharing."ONC gets it right re: behavioral health!
Today marks the start of my birthday month. I fully expect everyone to kiss my feet for the next 31 days. Is that so much to ask?
Fancy your interest?
watching #DogTheBountyHunter is what inspired me to go to law school :) I look up to beth.
#MessageToMyHaters Cheers! I drink to you
Oh my man i love him so, he'll never know
I propose today's MBA student learn, employ, and seal every deal with a hearty "Jim Harbaugh Handshake".
besides, i think that by sharing ones own accomplishments, it drives others to want to have great accomplishments as well
Photoshoot with Brooklyn! WITH BUBBLES!!!!
I ain't even gon front girl I think you is the one So lets fall asleep with the moon and I will greet you with the sun
Mikey I will not go to sleep until you follow !!! Haha jk ima crash soon but please followe her b4 I do!!(:
But aren't we supposed to be using rdbi now?
Perhaps Mitt Romney's first name should be changed to "Biff."
You're the best
“: Quit acting like a bitch, you hoe ass nigga.”
With 7:11 to play in the first half DU holds a 5 point lead over 25-20 Stafford leads the the Pioneers with 8 pts
Ford is introducing five new electrified vehicles by 2013
that's too soon
Steve Blake? Are they joking?
On to next Broadway show, 's The Columnist. I LOVE the Advertising image!
“:Meandmygirlfriend are really worried that our parents will never approve of our relationship.Especially our dad.”
Well, that was anticlimactic in a monumentally awful sort of way.
Welcome back to America.
what good is capitalisim if its against the rules to win..and enjoy the fruits of labor
woah tht girl has some issues ... Haha nope ur not even close to that you waay soo much nicer ! (:
mhhmm what to do???? today i got shocked by a plug :O my arm went num :P lol
Did you hear the Pacers huddle when their coach said, do it just like Mavericks did? (But then they lost :(
On my way to the gym :)
Megan fox, Kate upton, alba, Scarlett....
I really think Lil Wayne is gay
please please go!!
Discovered new bike route into fern mpls: prior-Gilbert-Cleveland-st Anthony-Beverly-st anth (again) to E River and u know the rest. Tight!
3 of 16 in race for WSOP Main Event seat...we!
Just realized why has been complaining why she needs to poop....its a full moon tonight
Being single doesn't mean no one wants you, it means God is busy writing your love story.
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT !~
haha you would think
My oldest son made a list of songs I'm not allowed to sing. The top of the list is Timberlake's Sexy Back.
It's good to know who the real friends and the back-stabbers are. Just remember what goes around, comes around.
&quot;Avengers&quot;: The Hulk Gets Hacked--Mark Ruffalo's Twitter Account Hijacked - Forbes
Also, Kindle Fire does not report itself as mobile!
got u that sounds like a good move mamaa so happy 4 u ... we in the booth asap when u get back ,, love u cus
it was because I was a junior I bet!
We will be holding a Penn State vs Pitt Tournment all weekend long at the Pittsburgh Mill Mall...Come show us who has more spirit!
lol sorry it's late. I was at work last night!
"All things are difficult before they are easy." - Thomas Fuller.
Well said! RT : Happy people understand that to enjoy life you LIVE it -- you don’t THINK about it.
We will miss u 2..but were not going anywhere anytime soon!! #HappyHour tonight is going to be epic!!
Aww gee thx! RT : Been in Arizona for nearly six weeks ~ I'm missing that wonderful meatloaf from
I love you! <3
Have yourself a merry little Christmas/ Let your heart be light/ From now on our collops will be in plain sight.
yeah, I know that DJ have other band that he is in its call SIXX AM
Lovely ladies topless everywhere! Where you at again?!
Im just a lucky man for the woman I have
Man everyday I pray I run into you when the week is over..literally pray
Just admit you do John - no shame in your game!!
A Taco Stand at a wedding reception! Awesome!!
Prom prom prom prom.
Thank you for all the follows!
The Tonight at 7:40 M-J holding down week 5 tune in and hear why hes on it! (RT if your not a hater! lol
Hahaha... thumb bitings. Thanks for reminding me.
Haha she said smile for me daddy, so I showed her my grillz
hah, me too. she's definitely 'meh'
Who wants to get Chinese with me after school? Ali bailed <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Focus of is returning to connecting consumers to local biz. 4 #nashvilleflood relief info, follow us
Congratulations to of the , the newest President of the !
Humans resemble earthworms in how they're always out on the sidewalk after it rains.
what happened? Miss your flight?
lecture, internship, tutorial prep,... tired
you are super talented and inspiring :) your songs were amazing!
How long before my new paperless philosophy offsets the environmental impact of my recent iPad purchase? Do I need to live 200 years?
I've been vegan for a decade maybe? We should touch base at #BWENY to see if we can eat together!
i NEED to read a tjy young adult novel! "better than today" is another perfect song to get yr blood going when it's down n out
Mention this post and receive $1 off drafts during Pens game at 2pm! Hell, there ain't nothing else going on.
asked me what my thoughts on men & dating were, I asked him if he heard J Coles lights please
Thanks for the mention!
I know I am flying high!
down at Curtis bay rec center to share
According to my friend statistics show that if you like someone for more than 4 months you love them. So I must have loved many guys....
You KNOW Mike Smith has thought to himself at least once "I'll be the extra man."
thank you friendly guy at GSLIS help desk for your assistance. You rock!
Thanks! We're glad you enjoy it! RT : The feed might be my favorite thing about Tumblr
Thank you for the follow.
haha okay and no problem <3 please tell ur friends about my music!
#TextsThatGetYouScared do you like surprises?
Put your tongue back in your mouth . Who do you think you are Gene Simmons?
A San Diego bar has a Halloween party listed as an upcoming event. I was going to tweet them about it but they haven't tweeted in a month.
#LETSGETJOOOOOOSED!!! at 's house
Don’t Miss #anhkc events Bread Dinner in conjunction with breadkc and Kansas City Moving Images by local film makers, both tonight at 7:00
yes! It's really just starting, but we're hopeful and excited. (we don't have a 3D printer, but the nearby DC FabLab does)
wow late not sure yet
Happy Mothers Day To Jada Pickett Smith Your Son Everybody LOVES Him U Raised Him Well And Im Talking About Jaden Christopher Syre Smith
4 more years? No way! BHO has proven himself UNFIT for the job. Voters know better now than in 2008. ROMNEY IS MORE QUALIFIED!
The cleaning lady?
Someone come write this 5 page English paper for meh! D:
I know your heart broken and I am too, to see you have fallen for my friend isn't cool </3
20-25% of #HIV+ people do not know they have #HIV. Knowledge is power! Know your status - get tested!
YAAAAY The first star has followed me!!!
You know, if you'd follow me I'd pretty much have the whole Toledo News Now newsroom following me.
THAT awkward moment when your listening to a slow songs in a row and a fast song comes on and messes up your mood
I found your post off Google. Here's some you might want to try. rememberthemilk.com requall.com gopingme.com
RT : 's Blue Crew Kids Club packages make great gifts! Order by Monday to receive in time for the holidays!...
Would love a model for I-90 traffic
you're right; there are too many symptoms of people being left out, ignored, treated badly on so many fronts!
"someone invented lickablewall paper!!" "gross"
Alright, last tweets for the day b/c I'm actually supposed to be on the road to my parents' now (oops).
Thank you(: an me too
Why is everything at the apple store so damn expensive?
The ref looks like he belongs as part of the Sons Of Anarchy cast
thanks for the #FF!
Every day, I'm just slightly irked that 's map of front pages defaults to the East Coast.
yes very much do but we have been getting a lot of growth lately . 10k in transaction within 2 weeks so people seem to like it.
Still can't believe I'm going to see tonight! :') I want to kidnap them ok
She'll be here (LI) Sunday, but the rain has already started.
Dear 's Slug; will you be my date to my senior prom? <3
guess who WILL be at church to see you on Sunday!
NBA Playoffs 2012: Power Ranking the Championship Favorites, 2 Games in - Bleacher Report
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime The Crystal Method - Vegas
I prefer the Bieber Christmas album. I bet you secretly have a Bieber shrine in your bedroom.
#PhrasesIWishWouldDie......#OrNaw it had a good run
Systemic error in #Math216 grade calculations. Time to go fill out correction forms at the Registrar's office. Yay.
LMFAO recount, it's my week so I don't understand why we don't just split it? Cause it is MY week
Singing up at shark city bar and grill!
ps it's snowing here if it makes you feel any better!
my birthday wish is to get a follow from you!! make it come true!!
Thank you for reaching out! What is your neighborhood of specialty?
OMG Elijah is back!!! I love him
Can you shufflin ?
yep, best of times for a few, worst of times for many...
Just typed "infortunately" instead of "unfortunately." Might like that spelling better.
I think it says, "You diseased ridden ho bag!"
Aspire for more or retire you whore!
what's good with you how have you and the fam been
Just trying to get better & stay prepared
Man, Im going to miss my wife this weekend. She's going home to visit her fam. So.............. who wants to do something?
Personalized image versus mass marketing.
sad thing is, I actually wrote that.
I mean that's what everybody wants right, for Westbrook to keep shooting? Awesome strategy.
Also Beware: The fog is thick this morning .. visability less than a quarter of a mile from the central Minnesota into Western Wisconsin.
oh brother.
she's been equally moaning about the lack of features in apps and cuddling the Angie Pad all day.
I must have heard the same guy--there just a bit earlier than you!
Can you get me their info?
Come back soon! Some of the team will be in Copenhagen in early July, hope to see you then.
Tomorrows friday and hopefully I have a good day!
Myers couldn't hit the broad side of a barn...from the inside.
Hmm. It may be time to stop being so damn passive.
Exciting news: I'm now writing about start-ups, entrepreneurs, and the growing tech scene in Los Angeles for
Tummy ache. Draft beer is the reason. But I also think it could be a solution.
no.u not
RT + (South Coast Winery) should top everyone's list of finest Southern California wines.
Show tonight to tiny's on the northside! Last time I rocked there it was 400+ in the building we gonna dub up on tht this time! Be there
Lil Twist & Lil Chuckee was all young with them Lil ass girls in THA back , aha
and me are planning our wedding soon sorry I nullified our vegas slip up shes a detroit girl now
S/o to tryna c what your beat packages hitting on fam
holy shit. I turn 18 next year. oh my..
Hey Keith O Current drop the ball you are talkiing and msnbc has already showed what happen and the guy''Cpmeon big guy get it right
EXCLUSIVE: Millarworld 2012 Goes Viral Mark Millar goes back to school to promote his incoming Millarworld line of comics from "Hit-Girl"
Heyho, what should i call you?<U+263A>
welcome <U+263A> don't let anyone make you feel blue !
We are now linked with a solid sponsor One OC and look forward to better times.
thanks man <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Tobacco is born a gentleman, and in its economic development at each step it acquires titles and honors by reason of its color, it's aroma,
my fav food and my fav film in one single tweet - it must be christmas!
Are you as tired as I of blind tweets solely written to make you click? I think it borders on being rude.
Hello Twitter world! Been MIA for a bit, huge site launch coming this month for a national AEC firm. Woot!
okay I'll talk to you :-)
Just finished "Inside the world of #espn" Long, informative and inspiring. Olbermann, Kornheiser, and Simmons the clear rebels.
although our country kick can begin after tonight, it won't be complete until Pittsburgh decides to stop being a fuck
lol forgot to mention ass too .!! && what .!? you a bigger fag
and dance teacher want one. 2 people paid. I'm just gonna have to pay the extra $
Whats the point of making Dr. appointments if they dont see you till way after the time they told you to be here?
a liter of woodford it is!
Time to sit down and watch some Chelsea action. COME ON YOU BLUES!
you are still weird. Lol
caught up with writing. now for edits. 3x5 cards everywhere with story ideas. where do i begin?
So is it about the vibes the person sends out, or how you interpret them? I'm kind of asp'y so I'm bad with social cues...
What I do when I like somebody: 10% - Talk to them. 90% - Stare.
At least Truex gave it everything he had... twice.
Why the f*ck to people bleep out f*ck? Holy f*ck, its just fuck.
Q3 Indifferent, but... Might get mispronounced "lame" & Do we really want another acronym?
Mentions are dead... :L :P -izzy
Who let you that close to the equator? Gingers shouldn't go south of the Mason-Dixon line.
Prague airport to be renamed after the late President Vaclav Havel. Yay. Hopefully, CSA will play Vltava when landing, again.
I think most of the time people just want an encouraging word...
A real friend is someone who walks in when the rest of the world walks out :)
RT : my,"When UR right about an issue, how necessary is it to make the other person wrong?"
Me too i dance to it everyday and i never get tired of it
Does any woman ever think, "oh damn a man with a flavor saver and a mustang, what a prize!"? Guys. Rethink these things.
Pennant rehousing is going smoothly. Coolest one today? A 1919 pennant with Sherwood Magee's photo on it.
Not sure how serious C-Bosh's abdominal strain is, but I had one about 3 weeks ago and it doesn't feel good...AT ALL!!!
go to menu, profile, then edit at the top.
Jeff Suppan made a bad career decision in 2007. He signed with the only major league team he could still beat.
Bout time tho damn
Tally Benyon/Wolfram Alpha demos Mathematica. Glad I minored in math!
Merry Christmas to every one of my followers hope you guys have an awesome day!(:
Not sure, send me an email with some detail.
Thanks! It is great to have a yummy treat that fills you up and is easy to grab and go. I love them with coffee!
Empire District Electric to reforest #Joplin this weekend.
Good to see you at the event last night!
NF ; tweetzz__ !!! That moment when you wanna fake a cold to get out of school & your mama says go to the nurse :/ ^o^
RT My life has not been this stressful since... well... since my parents got divorced.
You fucking tripping.
RT : Push back...what is different about pbl today? I know...I'm hungry
Thanks so much guys! You're so kind!
yeah it's def not edgy but i'm def watching her
hell yea I need plenty help lol.. but I gotta do this sumhow
Wish I had someone to hangout with over this three day weekend.
Well, I guess it's time to get to drinkin.
yo bitch i weigh 88 cents but ill still kick your ass bill chin
Now dinosaurs. Its like a Nova sampler.
made it on team revert! :) everyone follow and my personal twitter
this movie doesn't even make sense. I'm so confused!!
RT : lol either that or they gotta shyt hit em wit the #4KNUCKLES< lol I'm bout ready to open hand 5 knuckles
- I went to their Race Against the Machine Symposium at MIT. really interesting. you should definitely read the ebook…
I got mean at the end. I used words like "off-putting" and "annoying."
I used to stress him, find ways to impress him. Now? I couldn't care less for him. Shit, I wish the best for him.
LOL you're not a charity case Burke. :D you know we luv u
Wealthy citizens in the northern pan handle of West Virginia opposed secession and pushed for a new state!
my point exactly jackass. In boxing everybody gets paid under the table! I was referencing WWF in terms of how fixed the shitis
Looking forward to have on the show that interview is Tuesday!
Big Deal: Big Deal - In Los Angeles, Condos Are a Tough Sell So far, high-end condos have been a tough sell in Los Angeles, but that coul
Anytime. It was great to get a jump on some NBA Draft talk.
"to err is truman"
"Source citations are also reminders to us as genealogists of what we've looked at." Tom Jones
Oh Linda, it was a blast! I forget #FF s lately, thank you for yours!
mmhmm! makes everything! lyrical, club, party, etc! dont sleep on him!
“: al gore was a head of his time .i miss him rest in peace buddy hug for u” the hell are you talking about? Al Gore is alive.
thanks! I read it too, nice piece. What are you up to these days?
And our handles are somewhat alike. Mine is Russian for "library hedgehog."
If I lose followers, I lose em, they weren't real in any way.
I love it! We're here to see and it's going to be amazing like always!
Picking up my new laptop...excited
We're having our First Annual Pig Roast actually. You coming to Texas?
*tucks pistol under front seat*“: its beautiful outside.......means #ClubMixx gon be off the rocker tonight .......#TurnUp”
I hope any big decisions he makes is not related for being an election year.
Hatley Branch Library Book Club,Tues, Jan 10th 2pm."The Patron Saint of Liars" by Ann Patchett. Coffee and dessert following book discussion
unsubscribed to Living Social today... what does this mean, am I claiming I'm UN-SOCIAL?? oh oh. must rethink this.
We're #inspired by ! Check out his blog and twitter. How can you give back to community?
we're playing in C Stat on Saturday!!!! I hope you're there!
I love my mum.
Order sent to Jennifer in NJ!
Private show tonight at the Las Vegas House of Blues!
your tweets make me mad we aren't friends. thought you should know.
And I totally know of what you speak. Scoring of movies and TV shows is out of hand.... seems like every second has music.
Should have:*
the medium is not the message, right?
Thanks for the #FF !
Welcome to Twitter!
Just please don't be mohamed sanu, watched that kid at Rutgers. Nothing fantastic. Maybe a #3 Possession WR on the team
Hello beauty peeps RT : #FF #hair #nails #funny via()
Fat Tuesday is almost over & we still haven't broken into our leftover Valentine's Day chocolate reserves. What a waste of a day.
lol your eyes are welted?! Lol u crazy girl. Auto correct has taken over !
Ugh. And here I feel bad if I even wear a shirt with red in it or something by accident
My Mom sent me 7 new workout DVD's, 3 of which are abs-specific. A hint? Possibly.
I think I have the stomach virus. I hate puking but if I do I will stay home so I guess it's a wining situation .
i like girls that like girls....
True to my nature.... Down in new Orleans!
“: Let's keep it up!!!! Let's keep it up!!!” I'll keep anything you want up papi :D
haha that's kind of asking a lot now...don't stress who's driving??? Lol and with Emily. You?
Of course we are open on Mother's Day. 11 am to 4 pm. Come on out and bring mom!
And she probably wants a guy to txt her smh
thanks lex :D
100 on my math test.
oh ok I will
Why am I not in the city I love on friday night!
im high, im flyin, and you aint cuttin my wings
I understand things aren't exactly what's expected but just remember that if you aren't satisfied, it doesn't necessarily mean its forever..
it's about damn time!
Bummer. Remember that one time we were delayed at CVG. I think we were eating at Outback.
love your wifey! Been watching Cheers reruns on Netflix for the past couple months :) Thanks for keeping film alive too!
You say you're a full time Queen,and a part time Ni**a/Ni**er.Will you give me your understanding of what a Ni**a/Ni**er is
is getting married Saturday!!!!!! Can't wait!!!!
i love you so much and im so proud of what you have done and become! #proudmahomie #SaySomething <3
Nigga You Work For
the action is sick in that league. I'm an action junkie... that's why I hate on the slow athletes & low scoring of the big 10.
okay i'm at home
look and see what it had to offer
god I miss the shield such a great show miss you a fan...
I am so fucked. I can now only hope for the best <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
After a 16 hour shift from hell yesterday I am SO grateful to have the next two days off. I plan on staying in my yoga pants and being lazy!
The great tweets of heaven and hell have been written and the great tweet of earth remains to be written.
One Year<3 cruise in the a.m!:D
Heading to ALA Winter in Dallas tomorrow - IF I can get out Seattle. A single snowfall a year is perfect for me.
As of today, we have 68 College/Pro players registered for our Off-Season Training Program. We are looking forward to another great Summer!
RT : Night yall going to sleep
I haven't seen my speed go past 15mph smh
I need to stop seeing my ex in places I dont want to see her...
Care to list them?
Playing with my new Satellite. What a good deal!
Nice work on the writeup!
Enjoying your music w/MBT's Concepts II performance!
what up
If you take a picture of something beautiful, post it to Project #Lookup and we might just RT and add it to our photo stream. :-)
technically, im typing, not talking.
The official announcement comes out July 18th! It is going to be a great season! Stay tuned!
Ok here's one I haven't played in a while... The Monaurail! Yeahh...
- wow. Crazy day for you, methinks.
Walking hard uphill. I wear myself out, then there's a view at the top. Works less well in fog, though.
Hey Justin this is your biggest fan Alyssa Holmes from Carrollton ,Georgia and I just got my cousin listening to ur music;)<3
Countdown to my 25th.
Absolutely! I'm there! RT : Coming to #4sqDay in Seattle?
Don’t be discouraged if a publicity stunt doesn’t work. Even if you did all the right tricks to attract the media, nothing is certain.
Oh I know, but once it happened why not try is what they're thinking.
Goodnight. #NP: Back for another one- ft.
Hey anyone want to plat ultimate frisbee or wiffle ball
"My life is only important if I can help plenty of people.” ~Bob Marley
major thinking!!!!!!!!!!!! goin on rite bout now
have you tried it? Did it work for you?
We take the Risk and Liability off your family or your company... Available 24/7/365 - Free Estimates - Crime & Trauma Scene Cleaners
#online f4f everyone @
lols shudup !, i just made one so i cn tweet about my problems lols !
Avengers or Lock-in tonight? Hmm.
Congrats to 's ferris state on going to the ship
grape is my favorite too, though triberry and fruit punch are not far behind...
#Zumba Fitness with Ruben at 7pm Monday-Saturday. Join the party! Be Fit and #Be Happy. 786.287.8487
How awesome is ? She told us things people don't tell you about building a million dollar business. Motivated?
She Say I'm Gettin Cocky, I Say I Been A Dick
Again I must note that people only text me when I step away from my phone.
Derek Fisher!!!!
onion rings
Its all about passion. We are passionate about making coupons be with you in the palm of your hand 24/7! www.Qponomics.com
A very fair point! /cc
Awe! Thanks lover! xo
Not to sound abrupt, but when youre giving a presentation, please make sure to clothe your hanging belly so its not a distraction.
Like like like like! That game makes us feel like we have giant fingers :(
Prison psychiatrist says Loughner has been violent; thrown chairs and spit at atty, so needs anti-pyschotic drugs.
Follow if you live in NE so we can get 1D to come to here!!!
We want to think our new followers for following us!
Maybe Ed can talk some sense into you! Not likely since you watch GBTV! Bwahahaha!!!
COOL, I guess you don't love me. I understand, I just want YOU happy.
Hey! Welcome back to Twitter!
I love writing. I love the swirl and swing of words as they tangle with human emotions. ~James Michener
The beginning of self love is when we start telling ourselves the truth.
What is your identity within #Washington #DC?? wants to know who you are!
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart.
This day is already too hard but now its harder. I'm so tired of verbally and emotional abuse.
Finally home from work =]
I wish everyone who thinks dance is easy could go to one of my breakdancing classes
Freeman Rebel Men's Volleyball continues its roll winning against Atlee Raiders. Onto James River tomorrow night 4 regional championship.
That's Easy, Popeyes.
much appreciated
who? hell no
that's what we were told. The film crews bombed all around on sound and production.
I havnt had Swedish Fish in like 2 weeks. -.- not cool.
Web 3.0 has to be about single sign on. Account proliferation creates a huge security risk + password mgmt sucks for users
can you give a shoutout for some more followers?(:
Sounds great! Shine responsibly!
i wanted to ask u a question can u help me get Justin Bieber to follow me cause i think he follows u
...like the Ebisu Garden Cinema. EBC shuts down in January of 2011. K Theater Tokyo takes the venue in May. K Theater Tokyo=live K Pop...
love me some GCB
kso um just saw the end of the episode. Holy shit. I'm going to die now ok.
nope, apparently we're supposed to ship everything with everything else
Punxsutawney Phil predicts six more weeks of winter. Poor thing still hasn't found out about global warming.
excellent choice!
I recommend Guy Delisle's "Jerusalem".
There is no chance anyone in the world has a physical copy of a Boston Globe from 1904. . . .Is there?
You know the classroom is too hot when your boos are sweating. #girlproblems no itty bitty titty committee for me.
What floors of have you never been on?
You need to, its summer, reelllaaaxxxx RT Seriously hoping this month gets better.. What the heck is going on?!
Whoa, just realized WorldCat has a Cite/Export feature that gives citation info in multiple formats/sends to EndNote/RefWorks!
12/6/2010 Williams: Build community to build marketing success The Times Record
This place is about to fill up with 4 year olds. Or "little monsters" as they're known in the business.
I'm not really even a baseball game but that was by far one of the best (and worst) games I've ever witnessed. Amazing!
Harry stlyles is so cute :)
yes!!! And they're everywhere in Dublin. No one even knows how to use them!!!!!!!!
welcome to the streets , you can't get in wit out me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
3 some?:o RT : well that was actually probably a once in a lifetime thing but...yeah im proud x)
The world needs both the "Microsofts" & "Apples." Tradeoff is backwards compatibility vs. innovation; diff need/diff times
RT :reports from all over tehran of shouts of Allah Akbar. Other cities joining in
I am attending the Race to the Top meeting in Minneapolis that is being conducted by the US Department of Education.
Gonna miss not being at the in a few months If you have never been, iT is one Hell of a Networking Event
Darn right! RT hm. actually makes me think Winfield was pretty good
masking jealousy isnt cool
I SURVIVED CONSTITUTIONAL LAW WITH AN A! :)
MKG with two fouls already. That could hurt.
Good morning! :)
I could use some pizza for breakfast right about now :)
DID YOU EVER WONDER... Why does Superman stop bullets with his chest, but ducks when you throw a revolver at him?
Not at all surprised RT not a one!
yeah man, i'd be down.
Bye, last day of #sxsw Old Crow Medicine Show, Edward Sharpe, Mumford... One of the best shows I've ever seen. So talented.
yes it does
New shit in the works.
That was my first #Padres win I've attended this season.
Nope. Gmail. I'm just overwhelmed with them right now and I'm tired of the bold reminder.
Delish! New item?
Had a long night
been on hold for over 30 minutes waiting to speak to someone.....really? This is what I pay for? Some "service".
Im home, take me drunk.
This could be considered a plaid convention.
This is gonna be one long ass day.
I'm gettin those
Thanks for the note to our nurses!
#FF Send out daily tweets on the following subjects: Justin Bieber, American Idol, and social media guru. LOL :)
The Africans at my school said kony was a good guy lmao they funny af
You're a little too short and ... um ... Caucasian to be confused for MJ. / cc
Now i might have to smile on my next picture... Tab, i miss you baby
Had fun learning basic HTML/CSS from Thanks!
Almost to Heartland Park. Yaee (:
Love your new #Profile Pic!
RT : #FollowFriday time! The social media squad //Love it!
I promise one day we will work together maybe I will pull a shangela ;)
Angela, thank you so much for all of the hard work you've done for us! W/o #volunteers like you, we couldn't keep it up! MT
IM FOLLOWING YOU , INSTEAD OF FOLLOWING ME FOLLOW KATIE COOL AVI -
haha my hair isn't even long and its a problem.
Haven't been on twitter much lately...having really bad withdrawals and stuff, miss my whole shawnee 2nd fam :(
Hey Cutie ;DD Follow Me & Thaa Bestfriend !! <3 Please With Strawberries On Top (;
Dart Wars brings out the worst in people -Michael Wade
Screw my job. So unprofessional.
Thanks for the follow Big fan of your work!
Love seeing and respecting the legend Earl Scruggs. Y'all are two of my musical soulmates
TIME IS RACING TOWARD US, TILL THE HUNS ARRIVE. HEAR MY EVERY ORDER. AND YOU MIGHT...SURVIIIIIIIIIIIVEEEEEEEEEEEE.
thankyou for the follow! :) x
spencer finch or eliason?
it seriously is a fact. BB is slowly going out of business #maketheswitch it will change your life.
There is NO comparing the CTA to Metra. I'll pay that money to ride the Metra ANYDAY! The ratchetness on this red line is unbelievable...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Kimi looked good on the podium, like he belonged there.
Just played Tears for Fears' "Mad World" on the acoustic. Will be adding that to the 3-man show set list!
If San Fran loses tomorrow, we dont have aeaninful game for a month.
With the passing of the World Series and Halloween, let's get focused on good books and reading amidst the fall splendor. INDIGO TREE PUB
Hey, at least you got his attention so he's probably thinking about you too. Just stay positive and it'll be okay.
Jacks: terrific MLA panel with T Stern, R Preiss, and W Hyman.
Tree Raping. It's never consensual. That's why they call it a Weeping Willow. -Otis
Why do you assume you are anything? ? -Michael Jeffreys
Is there a difference between being socially awkward and not picking up on social cues???
I thought he looked familiar!!
Olwal: what is natural interacting with a computer is kind of like the difference between talking on the phone and talking face-to-face
- i could have used that commission man! where you sittin, whos the lucky rep that sold you the A's
thanks for rockin with me in Manhattan! last night wish I had shout you out more girl luv4art.com wants to do an interview w u
Smart about #Gamification in the Enterprise: cc
Sounds like another Battle in Seattle is in progress.
Yes I know I'm loud now. And I know I wasn't this loud in 7th grade. Maybe its because I moved here in 5th and didn't know anyone.
I love you Bob Evans. M...
I'm getting a strong Liz Lemon vibe coming from you right now.......
can't we get some kind of cam for that? Radar should get on that.
Yes, I've changed. Pain does that to people.
thanks for following! i'll follow back :) and yes, those boots are to die for! i love the girls at :)
so how many nannies does it take to raise 7 children and 536 foster children? #bachman???
Saturday early evening LIVE Greyhound Racing (all times ET): Bluffs Run 5pm, Daytona Beach 7:25pm cont.
Thank you
Men, don't double ur pleasures. Its too much happy lol
Tks for the RT! Hit right in the sweet spot :)
-- That's not why I bought it ...
WAT UP NOW DEN BLUE
with my girl Gloria for the next two hours
Whose coming to Monk's today before the game!
" I would not wish harm on anyone because I know in this life everything is paid :) "
I really don't understand the point to anything anymore. -_-
"I'm driving a van. It makes me feel underpriveledged." - Caitlyn Wicks ()
nowledge of what is possible is the beginning of happiness. George Santayana
still have dev songs playing in my head
Nice going - looks like no one did the due diligence on the (un)availability of
Merry Christmas xoxoxo
Group birthday lunch at Azteca - hope they have enough sombreros!
sad to say bye to sign-face-guy as the avatar...but couldn't pass up this shot of Lenny peddling my hometown's claim to fame!
word .Tell O and Stanky to come to. It's 5 dollars to get in tho. Tell Omar steroid ass he can lift too
League Finals Went Well ^__^
What a beautiful day! I hope everyone has a safe and fun weekend. Remember Sunday is Mothers day. Thanks to all the Moms!!
you are so right about that
I know but Its just the people who make you feel useless. They use their unhappiness against you. That's their 'weapon'?
Show Nov. 17th. Come and hang out! :)
Not quite sure what the deal is, but these are some of the worst Ref calls ever.
I'm very glad to hear that, James, because we were kinda counting on having you come audition! :)
Can we all just like Madonna and ? why is everyone making me feel like i need to take a side. =/ love them both.
: In the studio doing something completely fresh
To not do a Single Sit-Up in 2 months. Body is still in Top shape!
”Art washes from the soul the dust of everyday life.” -- Picasso. www.itsartnotstuff.com
Thanks for your kind comments about "One Day, None of This Will Be Yours."
Thanks for sharing!
took care of a few patients over the weekend. In between soccer games! They didn't mind a doctor who works out!
This insomnia is driving me crazy. What's bad is my mind is asleep so I can't get anything done anyway.
I don't eat pizza. But thank you!
yes life is definitely crazy now
Aw, that isn't fun at all. I hate flying!
yes that is a big encouragement! I will need you to cheer me on throughout this process :)
CLEAR VIEW OF MIKEY ASDFGHJKL;'
I miss you </3 I wish you could come back and everything would be okay and you'd be safe.
Is Omega HD still coming to Dreamboard?
Happy Easter Everyone!
That's not true. Gov't couldn't punish him for his idiotic remarks. And that's my point. Only refers to gov't.
iPhone 4 delivered today, looks fantastic!
making a list of British celebs who own motorbikes. Suggestions welcome
Somebody play me on words with friends. A full game please.
We would like to Congratulate Associate Alan Waller on passing the Tennessee Bar Exam! Great Job Alan!
Why thank you Mr. Zouch!
send the train this way
Too bad they wouldnt be able to use my hair for a good cause since its not Virgin :/
Good times.
lol damn.. i nvr seen that ..
had his first Western meal in Chengdu...at IKEA: pumpkin soup, salmon plate, mashed potatoes & gravy, tiramisu. Tomorrow it's back to rice.
Chocolate coconut water is the best!
I am somebody
Odds Thompson still drafts a C in early rounds to mentor under Saturday?
U aint shit if u aint #HardWorkin all day in the paint
All you need is love. Love yourself, others, and everything on this earth.
Just booked the role of the Captain in the staged reading of a new musical called "Babes at Sea", very excited to work with
kk :) ugh yes not kinda for me, I completely cannot stand her and she's not a good friend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> especially from the last ep
As an all-Mac house, Indigo Tree honors the memory of Steve Jobs and offer up our prayers for his soul. Thanks for all you did, Steve.
#IMAGINE mikey:look you; what mikey; ur beauty you: ily giveme a kizz mikey ;no you;=o y mikey:im loving ur beauty *mikey kizzes u*
holy kitten!
Chicago NATO summit......Why Chicago??after all the NATO meeting have been in Washington....something seems fishy here...
Thanks! Any update on the Internets situation?
What is sleep tho??
is that the rafting thing? I heard that's fun and also renting a boat on Lake Austin...?
I'll understand if there's no Ustream today. Austin is going through a lot from yesterday. -Ally
Girl please, that's my second job. ;D.
Dear Chelsea, I'm sorry I used your name to get in as VIP at the club. Hopefully you didn't show up. (Thanks )
nice try though
you're phenomenal love
this is my real account :)
Bold colors are in especially for jeans...a very good purchase for summer
- Do u want 2 do a live-shot for 6pm newscast Fri nite from Shoot To Cure event? Let us know. We'd luv 2 c u there.
But if I'm swaying, I'm still on vacation...
And I remember when they won it all back in 1976. And you? Not even born!
You can't linger on it your whole life, you can try and take a stand and make it happen but if it doesnt work then move foward.
our nefarious scheme!
follow back please(:
If we're in each other's dreams, we can play together all night
Your never to old to have a dance party!
: Today, 17 teens will take their own lives due to bullying. RT if you think bullying needs to stop.
Yes, the site if down. :( They are working on it.
Shooting Steve Harvey Show segment... early call time.
=)thx love ya!! xo
At great business networking. Very interesting info!!
Tea time
looking forward to our panels together. See you soon. Sorry for this crazy Austin weather :)
When babies have babies, you get an obvious story.
I’m not perfect, and I don't live to be. But before you judge me, make sure your hands are clean.
Heeheehee #LoveThis RT : Always a good idea to recover before returning to real life.
I'm glad I have a phone since so many ppl want to talk to me.. Oh wait.. Lol
no, i think thats just you.. RT Everyone Admit It, We Have All Got Gummy Bears & Made Them Do Sexual Things To Each Other! LOL
Just on the Comerica scoreboard during the annoucements..._____ you are going to be a DAD. Great way to find out.
not officially, but possibly. In CA for sure though.
When I still get likes on my Interlude on the roof video. >>
Celebrating st Patrick's day in the traditional way with tacos and ancient aliens
This is absolutely absurd!
hanging with my family in spring lake
Houston bound this afternoon!!
much love to you on the loss of your wonderful Father.... There are certain places for people the hurt others like she did u..
Sorry…it's a bit off-thread. I got distracted ;) You can check out the conversation later.
it's always something.
Please note that the official hashtag for the conference is #idea10. Thanks!
3 submissions in, few hundred to go! Playwrights, parents, and teachers: Deadline is February 10th.
Putting together our Kentucky Derby and Cinco de Mayo events in MKE.... If your bar has one, let us know!
oh damn
Riding in the trunk with ninjas? Blargh, that would make me nauseous.
it would be nice to have you as a bestfriend but i just have so much feelings for you, it would probably just hurt me .
I can't believe I'll be 17 on Sunday. I'm getting so old!!!!!!!!
yes! That'd be great :)
they are pretty overrated, in my expert taco opinion.
How can we resist this RT? RT : no prob! thanks for being awesome!
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 36
haha oh lord
I want that.
Back poppin o yea!!
It's Friday bitches
Maybe we can kick it when I got the time, be my backbone every nigga need a spine.
Boxy and I have gotten pretty good at speaking in broken Swahili... which will totes help us here in Cheney...
Starting BETA testing Task Prioritization tool. Please send us a tweet if you'd to give it a whirl.
This is what I do darlin...this is what I do. (J.Whedon)
hahaha! Okay! Tell me? :D
RT : mixed signals <<<<
No one asked you <U+E056>
Thank you! Hope the new gig is treating you well :)
which one? I love The bu Nana king
Good Morning everyone! #Tuesday is the day to get things done, so why not order those shirts u have been meaning to? www.shirtguydirect.com
First word I saw DC in room was BALANCE! Was on a card re: no smoking in the room! But still - it's the word that rules my being.
Do people really still go to ranch parties...?
Remember, Tuesday is our monthly neighborhood meeting. We're looking forward to seeing you tomorrow to talk about Redistricting and more!
Home sweet home.
Don't hold your breath for gas prices to come down. Always an excuse...Summer blends, Nigerian oil minister sneezed, etc.
amazing album. can't stop listening to it
lol do you guys remember astrojax?
Livin in this glorious moment.each one holds the bare essence.Learnin how to remember in moments of truth,where I stand and what I stand for
i'm proud of my "punk rock" band. you good sir, can shove it
unfortunately, i left a few weeks too early to hear the case...
Sen. Maj. Lesder Reid is expected to announced agreement for the votes Wed. 3:00 on GOP CR and Dem alt. 3 hours of debate starting at noon
my eyebrow!! :) totally sick
If I looked good I would run to holiday for a red bull.. but I look like crap.
final four >>>>
niall would ask about food. Hah
already followed her ;)
thx. If you ever have topic ideas give a shout. Good content always needed :-)
O.o Lol
There will no wet kisses 4 me. The one I love leaves me cold. Enough of me! LOL When hubby comes home plant a big wet one on him.
The clouds have cleared and it's going to be a beautiful evening for some FREE Jazzercise 6-7pm.
Busted!!! Disgusted!!!!
Let's face it the eastern conference in the NBA is awful
<U+2665> i dont believe what happened last night ! im cry and i didn´t stop becouse you are really amazing your words touch my heart <U+2665>
Woow i hopee he didn't put what i think he did in my freakin cookie-.- buut still feel good!
Back safe from my daytrips to Muncie and Indy! All that driving sure was worth it :)
If that had happened, my life you would be complete
As long as the leaders would trust their followers :)
one must have standards!
Repeat Champs. Roll Tide.. <U+E526><U+E43E><U+E42B> ": This TL gone be fool when football season start up again"
Happy Jonas Day! , , & thank you for always being amazing to us fans. WE LOVE YOU!!
lol forget school. i'd rather just work.
Super disappointed that I failed to get sours dibs today. Whatever happened to second chances??
You should know by now that when the world becomes dystopiad, it can NEVER EVER be fixed in one book. Not even The Giver...
Happy St. Paddy's Day y'all. They're live streaming the best parade ever in
Shocking, I know.
loved the dueling hoards on 5 decisions away. East coast / west coast!!!
Spending 4 days being extremely social means I cannot WAIT to get home and not talk to anyone tonight.
cool i need tickets for that
Packing for a weekend in Colorado Springs with my sister is easy: dump hiking, running and yoga gear into suitcase. All set!
Omg what a great show! I officially have been through the shadow of deth twice and can't to again! return to Indy pronto!
I just saw someone get slapped..lol
RT : Pleasantly surprised by 4th & Forever, reality show about Long Beach Poly, airing on #CurrentTV. Good stuff...
need more friends on facebook add me on my facebook @ facebook.com/toninkajj or tis is my email
Brewers win the first game of the NLCS and Packers beat Atlanta on Sunday Night Football....I think it's a good day :)
Hello NYC, still wish I was going to the garden tonight
In traffic reasons I never drive downtown
RT : Tomorrow is Local Business Saturday, which means you save 5% when you mention this to your cashier.
guess I'll burn this pinner now.....(((sigh)))
we did...but holdin off for the moment on picking anything up..dope stuff tho man..we'll holla no doubt
playing Monopoly in marketing, and what this guy already has Monopoly with a house on each property.
It's great to know that more people are pulling in the same direction.
Mitchell Baker #Mozilla #GlobalINET Net censorship & regulation is threatening connectedness even in "free speech" nations
thanks more bringing a chuckle and a laugh to my day with your tweets!
Today is for ___________?
tonights show was badass, thanks to everyone who came
I am pretty sure that the ocean and the wind want to come into my room and extinguish my life. Tonight sounds monstrous.
reply me
do you ever wonder what happened to richy aka zip LOLOL
Wish me luck for the Nature Of The Beast MMA Gear and Apparel Contest <U+2665>
thanx for the s/o boo
I love how grizzled Johan Franzen is! Definition of tough.
yea came home last Friday
I was worried you'd say that.
It's Wednesday! Which means Ruth's Chris has half-priced select bottles of wine!
I wish we would've gotten the chance to chat! Thanks so much for having us last night!
Hi, a minor correction. Museum Month goers don't get 1/2 off Titanic tickets, but they do get a discount. Opens Feb 10!!
Thanks for following! I'd love to help others and pay it forward. I'd love to get rich and give back!
new song in the works - almost ready to record - destination Austin, TX - love the people around me - feelin' good about it.
It's amazing how angry I can get in the .5 seconds it takes the car in front of me to realize the light is green.
I just saw MB on tv and screamed my freaking head off!
I always try to be here when u r here, bc u r such an important person :)
#WeLoveOurKidrauhl he's everything to us, he gives us something to believe in, I love him so much!<3
Hope everyone is having a good Saturday! Hope you're taking advantage of this pleasant weather!
Dear , you just broke my heart. That was the single most dissatisfying ending to one of the most satisfying games ever.
that's what made me think of it ! Not in their delivery range So jealous their boxes look amaze !
Happy Tuesday! NYE is 4 days away, don't delay in getting your hair done. We have appointments available for today and tonight 614.447.2600
Drug search. Yay.
Tomorrow is thursday and friday comes afterwards
Ewh RT : How are you gonna steal from your own friend?
(with caveat that I'd need to go look it all up again, etc etc)
Christmas eve, bitch.
Don't let the snow keep you in, come out to the Black History Month College Movie TONIGHT! Student Center, 7pm, Rm 289.
The collective IQ of this accounting class has slowly declined since 10 am.
party here I come! Holla'!
Dude doctor offices take forever! Been sitting here for an hour really!?!!!
No worries I'm sure you're too busy. I just wanted your thoughts on a few photos that's all. Take care.
impressive, real books are so retro
“: terrifying” if by terrifying, you mean beautiful, then YES omg
When TREJO talks, people listen.
Going to keep my comments to myself for now #Nuggets #Lakers I love game 7's don't you?
YOU TOO! How is that beautiful city of yours??
I do! :) if ur offering, have you ever tried to make sangria?
i dont always drink, but when i do i beat my wife and children-
Zombies just want a hug... hahaha
sorry sunshine
Yes. And without VisualStudio and SourceSafe I don't know how I can generate any code
I just love snow days :)
Nashville man! Moved down about 6 months ago for grad school. You back in CO?
Happy Mother's Day, Meach!!!
The Notebook...
WOW I am confused on how my page on Facebook and my ID work together. Anyone have an explanation???
Morning people
okkaay, most people like the black&white one. so do i. i should order it but idk what size to get...
Wait, we have cake, too!! But oh well, you will be missed....
Main reason to have a phancy phone is to play words with friends. Play me! I'm ktRnst.
I wonder what the world would look like if Christians maximized the measure of faith they were given.
dent in the armor. More will sprout up like weeds. If u want 2 help, donate 2 amnesty. org, not this guy who is profiting off your good will
happy Friday! :)
“: Tamron Hall: "50 years ago, I was probably a much tougher kid than Mitt Romney." She's 42 years old.”
so true
With at yo la tengo/wilco at Cyclone Stadium
All I can think of when I say joda-time is that country song "Livin' on Tulsa Time"
In Madison, you can get 's MIRACLE BEACH at Booked for Murder or Room Of One's Own if you want to buy from an indie book store
yes we must rap-a-taste soon. I'll def see u in florida. Let me double check on mich <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
#donnydeustch is RIGHT! And you Joe are in 'lala' land if you think you're right!We will nvr apprec.,
Happy to see what a rich full life you have!
Indeed he is. Nice strategery, waiting for the game to (finally) end.
Sad day when you realize you're too old to headbang without needing a chiropractor later. Fortunately nodding befits an older, wiser, man.
Oh yea school is boring but yet i still go! ha ok ok peace out!! goin to another class!
stay tuned for my interview with Boris and Dylan that I conducted today
Either love your players or get out of coaching.-- Bobby Dodd
The only thing we know is, work hard play hard.
I HAVE TO MEET DRAKE.
lol no its fine. I should probably know..
I am what i am, and you are a bitch.
hell yeah I am he on his way back from Wisconsin
it took them this long to figure that out?
Why are my flowers dying!??
You will never find people like them anywhere else but the big LV.
and sorry for forgetting the H graham:)
it's for community service
I want too but time will tell
That, but more so blowing out Gallardo's knee in 2008.
Pure plant oils is the best conditioner for dry hair.
stay sexy<3
A clean sweep for the Mavs at the won every award they were nominated for, team and individual!! So proud of my team!!
Thank you for visiting us! I hope you enjoyed it!
2 finals left between me and Christmas break..
chris, i like your profile photo. :)
Hey #snowboarders, wear your wristbands from the # GroundZero premiere & get #HappyHour all night! RT plz.
Oh M Gee! Cell Phonez :D
back at you! Hubby wants to be at your table today!
Did anyone hear you??
I was charmed,and I was harmed. Couldn't say,I wasn't warned. I was high, and I was low - I was schoooolllled.
You know what you should do?!!?!??? Set me up with Ryan<3 gotta love him;)
So thankful for for sending me the #catdaddy video at work this morning
Finally i said what ive been wanting to say...
not looking forward to this root canal Thursday, yet it can't come soon enough <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
want to see your toes.
Thanks for reading!
any word on the seriousness of Shields' injury? Think he'll be back to practice next week? Haven't heard a time frame yet
On blue line with heading to Kings game at Staples Center. Happy Holidays!
He needs some Midol ": Chris Bosh pulled a muscle in his abdomen that connects to his vagina."
This is my type of weather
O-o RT Chinese businessmen r shareholders of the 70% of the land in each and every Western US and Canada city...
A storm with wings is a sight indeed.
I literally have been tweeting all day.
Dear customer service, for one time, just ONE time, could you NOT call me "maam" or "miss" ? I would really appreciate it.
That horrible moment when you take a swig of milk and realize after the swallow that it is SOUR...Will I live? WIll I die? Will I throw up?
Thanks for your compliments on the piece! I'm looking forward to trying it out!
Come to Dean's tonight for 5th of November that you will remember! The Kinship, Blondes Make Better Victims, Days Drive and Life Stage
oh ok, jordan 10s are the best pair of shoe's I've ever hooped in. How are the lebrons? They look heavy.
Welcome #Doll<U+2764>
I get it.
I was too busy being all thought-provoked to tweet. :)
All the #OccupyOakland tweets are a bad start to the day.
Finishing up a proposal for a mediation conference today. Got asked to do more Cal Lightman stuff.
remember when we used to make videos?
AND THAT'S A WRAP! Minor tweaks and edits but we are finished. Poster printing imminent
Project hydration <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
some folks told me they saw me on tv recently. i finally figured out the podcast from fall 08 is on ch.26, ABQ. cool! thnx to yusif's & tim.
And it is for the very same reason. Funny how that works. We begin so innocent/gentle and become so jaded by life on the way out. Smh...
This morning I'm realizing that I am in DESPERATE need of fall/winter clothes
You can pick your friends and you can pick your nose...but you cannot pick your friend's noses!!
Wearing a my pink today!!
good morning lover dover :)
LOL, okay. Wood extract versus dirt. Hey, just me. Obviously like some 'cause I like the highland whiskies :-p
Would you say that's net-specific, though? I think of Hitchcock's "Rear Window"...
Hey everyone, check out this racist flag flying, homophobic, walking epitome of right wing religious stupidity----->
**Going to RSA/Secure World this year?** Let's plan ahead and schedule • Meetings with you and Symantec Executives • Briefings on Symantecs…
“: Working on some connection demos" <-- Nice!
Just got a new phone. Yayy
I treat you how you want to be treated just teach me how
Thxs, will look into it. Right now just trying to bike again, it's hard to find extra hrs Either working or w/ kids how do u do it
I want some seafood hope one of my sisters can get me some
": Zusi is 70% of the way to his career high/total last year for assists in 4 games #SportingKC"
sounds good. Be sure to watch us on Wed. at 7pm to see our BIG Prime Rib!
Back to performing six nights a week! Awesome, Hoping for a great season!
Tasting room OPEN today from 11am to 10pm. Tours at 2pm and 4pm. Stop down for a tasty craft cocktail made with GLD Spirits!
Shoutout to the rando girl currently snoozing on my couch. Bigups bigups
: You know, a life in art is like riding a horse, you know you are going to come off "Spin", the game is getting back on the pony.
AH 10 more minutes!!!!
is it stupid that me and my friend are going to try to audition for #XFactorUSA??
Pet peeves... 'Double U' not 'dubbu'. 'Of-fen' not 'off-ten'. One Hundred Twenty dollars not One Hundred and Twenty dollars. Thanks.
no probs can't wait for you to be in the purp and gold.
RT : Tho you speak to me of madness...we will find a better way (John Denver)
Time to get on with tasks!
Back from the hospital fuckers ! Yeah I'm back which means back to the mixtape.
you've really blown a fuse!
Alt: What Ur not up on, Ur down on! RT “There are some people that if they don't know, you can't tell them.” -Louis Armstrong
“: let me guess.....you started watching with 15.5 secs left????
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him
The next public performance of will be next Sat at 3pm at Broadway Comedy Club located at 318 West 53rd St.(by 8th Ave)
I love oh canada
I love endings, I love beginnings even more, it's the whole middle business I can't quite get the hang of...
yes he would be a perfect fit.
Hostess Brands filing Chapter 11?
Can I get Oregon Donuts, too?
I'm so full of pasta... and regret. Dang you, Buca Di Beppo. You get me everytime.
TAYLOR SWIFT "SAFE & SOUND" MUSIC VIDEO FOR HUNGER GAMES?
The agency is closed until January 3. Happy New Year!!
TC is packed - finishing movie projects, lab reports, essays, quizzes, etc...wow. Happy Monday
Hey San Diego #photogs and #divers don't miss Al Bruton's Asmp presentation on underwater photography this Thurs. bit.ly/oh2ygf
haha yess! I go there about every Thursday! Do you serve there ever?
Home, but gotta get some sleep. First a little TV. Yard Crashers or How I Met Your Mother?
I'm sick of hiding my feelings .
Thanks for coming in to teach BAA students a master class this morning!
I need ac this ish is hot
just curious, how often do you do these spotlights?
reading a physical book. like i'm old or something.
con las pi
Got a full week ahead of me! One day in particular excites me!
LOL!! Yes and..RT: Congress is now considered a Vegetable!
Well awh, Andy can't say no to that, can't you Andy?
A life of leisure and a life of laziness are two things. There will be sleeping enough in the grave. -
I'm at 17MBps today, ~1000x better than 20Kbps yesterday evening. Thanks, and Happy New Year
Getting excited with the new packers fan club. Name suggestions end tonight
Today would be a good day for Google's self-driving car.
rock n roll
We have to create daily. Thats why its called a masterpiece... fragments become whole.
Husband: I'm going to check out that new Acura. Oops, just accidentally opened Slayer pinball.
So sad to hear about
Yeah, his singing is good but he annoys me for some reason. I'm sure he's sweet though. I don't like being mean. Lol!
Rendón: How can we construct new vision of education that cultivates "una persona educada" - knowledge that transcends degrees?
The shit better be off the meat Brennan, I bringing lesbians who will only fuck me if your funny. Don't fuck this up for me!
I CAN'T sleep :/ i have cramps *cries*
Got a damn speeding ticket this weekend : /
don't wanna go to school today!!!!!!!!
XBOX Kinect - yet another activity to remind me of how out of shape I am. On a serious note, it is some pretty cool tech though
Defending the Dark Ages tonight. Party like it's 999 y'all! RT The Dark Ages are unfairly maligned.
“: No delays, in early, luggage here... #thatwaseasy” In Colorado?? :-)
“: A quick Mother’s Day moment of silence for all you single, 37 year old cat ladies.”
Just added to the #WFX2012 expo floor Active Network, Communities
Favre is waffling...next will be a press conference where he announces...nothing. If nothing else, he is consistent.
RT: Really enjoyed meeting yesterday. Thanks !
so bored
Another day, another short sale! It feels good to help people avoid foreclosures, bad credit and debt.
Talking Never Bothers Us.Sometimes It Does Bore Me.So If Y'all Making Movies Hope It's Based On A TRUE Story.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Hey mon, gotta go to work!
ROLLING STAR!!!
<3 thank you!
you are awesome
Ray. Boom.
Why is does the laundry take so long to get done?!?!?!
Wait... I can NOT stay awake or pay attention in class right now.
No clue. Ask the B&B Books kids.
tomarrow starts the fith week of school
if that's what it takes, I can help you find porn followers
just take some tylenol & the fever is natural because the fever is your bodes response to unwanted bacteria or virus's
It's been exactly a week .. And I still don't know what to think of it... <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
the interview went well....although I was a little...well a lot..nervous.
Looking into the new Facebook timeline pages for businesses. We are creating a easy custom solution.
I need to do some of my classes today too lol
haha. It's alright.
My sister went to the Windy City last week & brought me back caramel from ...
Step 4 acquire window azure services #sqlpass 10 steps to SQL cloud; require cell phone; caution microsoft sales rep will call for survey.
I just farted and my mom ran :) btw I hardly fart
look forward to seeing you at the next #m3 #Philly meet up
Heading out to officiate an outdoor wedding...hope the rain is done! "I am my beloved's and my beloved is mine." - King Solomon
Danny Granger needs to be better than 7 points in 38 minutes
Only the combo of water pressure AND gravity caused it to hit bottom of the shower.
who are you meeting?
RIP The inimitable George Whitman of Shakespeare and Company. "Be not inhospitable to strangers / Lest they be angels in disguise.’"
YOU A STUPID HOE..
Of course its raining.
I see, well let me know.
Cant believe I met and got a hug from them and also they told me 'I love you too'!!!!! :'D
RT : It's always "going to be okay" when it's not happening to you. <--- yea but when it's happening to you #ShiddJusGotReal lol
First preproduction meeting tomorrow night for "Good Bye Mi Amor" So very excited it's finally happing.
the great thing about Orlando is that even though it was a crappy night, you can count on the sun shining the next morning
PROFILE PICTURES: Boys: (-_-) Girls: (°3°)
- Cool website! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Lazy night at home and loving it!!!
^_^ RT : MY NEW BEST FRIEND
I have a feeling will go 3 for 3 with a HR.
Way to go Mavs!!!! I heart Dirk!
Thanks for following i followed you back check out www.createmoneyweb.com
I have a huge boner too.
Sometimes I cry -Erick B
Biggest Loser Finale!!!! I'm already crying....oh geez!!!!:/
wuz good bro. my phone been off for a min. i'm bout to be back on top in a min though
All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence. ~Martin Luther King, Jr.
lol that will never happen !! U nice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page. ~St. Augustine
Been thinking about this today for some reason. I used to agree, lately I'm ok with "called", even see counterculture in it.
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to a strong continuing partnership.
Looking at how many people follow you, then looking at who you follow, and just thinking wow, I should start following people back..
": don't remind me Randy done lost his hearing aids he can't here for shit lol" Lmao! Huh? Huh? Mr. Randy voice CTFU
I enjoyed myself!!!!!
Never On Twitter But I Can Use Entertainment Every Once In A While.(Words 4rm Mr. Production" The Guy"A Man Of God Pursuing God Full Time)!
Psalm 119:176 I have strayed like a lost sheep. Seek your servant, for I have not forgotten your commands.
Man the heat killin!!!! Rufus king cam play better than the nets...superweak.com
Brilliant! (Or should I/you/y'all say: "Ta-da!") Thx!
What a great place! I need to get down there.
I will never stop hating you
Dear can we make the new Bbq chicken sub a permanent member of the menu? Kthanx.
add sugar, feel bad, get over it
Depends on where you want to go. Temple programs the deadline is April 1st. The rest of the programs vary
I personally have thousands of dollars owed to me. Judgement against my kids bio-mom exists. This obligation never goes away.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!71
Check us out at Lazershirts.com!
Same here -> One of my favorite #wines. Perfect description. Can't wait till it returns to the Canadian shelves.
When your app ads show Badoo to "make new friends", you're in trouble.
Young people should definitely get into politics more. Its good to know whats going on.
...I'd say it's just less harsh to me. I think it makes the cym sound better...room mics are tough though...
Today, paleontologist Josh Bonde and his assistant Fabian will be working on fossils in our Geology Gallery until 3pm.
I like the Icon they use on their twitter account. Taking the time to design a cool and simple icon/logo, gets you noticed!
gl sexy
Lunch hour music with Steve Justman, today from 11-2. Come enjoy this free concert featuring Amercian classics and folk music.
I hate Justin Bieber
can't wait to see your footage! Glad you could play with us.
Good luck man! Hope to see you in N.O.!
M ur so sexy
I love you Alex (:
my icon = flawless
And time goes by so slowly...
#Chicago bound! See you soon windy city! My airport style: black suede wedges, black leggings, white cotton shirt. Comfy!
I'll bet that every living and future Bond villain has a super PAC this season.
I wear a size 8, okay? 8 1/2 if they're cut small. :D
music is not selling because artists are giving away to much music what happen to giving away samplers
Thanks! So nice to have the support of my twitter peeps! :)
shot me. the crappier i feel the more i know im getting better. contradicting? yes indeed.
Great advice for marketing and PR pros, as well as those trying to keep a woman happy.
La Costa sounds good right about now
aloha zach, any chance of getting you on tomorrow at 9:20 pm et? we wanna talk NBA playoffs with you..please lmk
Was it horrible? I remember liking it.
Best rapper ALIVE!
Watching "Hangover II" and waiting to laugh
#Tshirts any color, with a 2 color full front print, starting at just $4.25. We serve
Romney seems like a desperate man when it comes to garnering support for his Presidential campaign.
Meeting with Sven our composer on Thursday to listen to his interpretation of Tringled. With much anticipation!
Lmao.... I figured it had to do with her. How u been? How's the job? Lol lol
who is catheryne mckeever? she's trying to linkedin with me, and you're a connection to her.
Add Team Vic Matrix to your protein pancake to give yourself added healthy fats and carbs!
My favorite kind of library aides? Ones that come bearing donuts!
the whole house is mad at her
Next up and Mobile Acitivies for the School Field Trips
Scary movies all day!? Ohh I guess..
AND THERE IS "UP TO 60% SALE" STILL GOING. DO NOT LOOSE YOUR CHANCE.
: You working today, lady? Have any time to clean up some short brunette locks?
Deff going to PR this summer n mostlikly my bday n the winter.. who nos just might move over there for a couple months
he loves films with deus ex machina endings doesn't he?
Great show tonight, but some of my favs went home. Bummer.
Motivation for the mini is really hard at times like this. Thanks a lot thanksgiving food
Praying that everything will be okay
Hi! Don't think so re Sevier, but there are a lot of stories in the book, so it's possible. It's worth a read. Nice website!
I'm a software developer and less of a content developer.
This is the first night I'm sleeping without my boyfriend :/
Hot chocolate :)
In a "tips for working with stressed students" workshop presented by Great information to help our office serve our students
RT : RT : Let GM Promotions help take you to the top! Email for questions! www.GMPromo.net
You didn't just call me.
your piece on budget wines for Labor Day is airing today!
I've been terrible with tweeting lately!
S/O to for letting me babysit Tiesto!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
DAY 23...and coming close to an end. An actual 5hrs of sleep and prep well underway for this afternoon & evening/night shoots.
oh well
Great hanging out with other editing nerds!
Creeping up on 3k followers!
I am thinking about getting a BMW 316ti Compact for a new car!
RT : : "Everybody does dumb shit in high school.Not everyone targets a gay student because he is gay & assaults him."
Great Q! If the case, then restructuring is a must. Where to begin, my fam is now aware, hope not2late 4myson?
: : When finding ur blogging niche, does it start w/finding passion? purpose? #blogchat (all of the above)”/yes
Man fern creek might me weak next year.. idk if I wanna go no more
Republicans are jack asses !
Summer job hunting -___-
poor matt. brooke we're going to throw matt a twitter party hahaha
is there a test to determine my veganocity? Also, how long until my Vegan Superpowers kick in?
lol no that was just posted on facebook
Attending our campus Mathematics-Biology Research symposium: MathBio2: Image focusing on interdisciplinary bioimage informatics
how did potato work? That one is curious...
. Glad you enjoyed, come see us again soon!
Waiting on two letterpresses to show up....tap tap tap (that's my impatient foot!)
Check out www.Facebook.com/yat777
Congratulations on your Oscar!
What a night!!!
I don't like that youu changed your twitcon</3
Saturday night in my best dress....Fearless!
Congrats to former Chicago 2016 president Lori Healey who will lead #NATO-G8 efforts -
thats wonderful!! i miss you a loo! You don't even know!
my driving music in this weather is some RUN DMC or Metalica w/ the Boston Pops
when did u text for me to text u back?
Very cool and much better than the blondes!
you too?
right there with ya. Mo prestige mo problems?
what happened?
Not sure I agree. I could argue either way! RT : Easiest question of the round: Mao Zedong v. Leopold II
<~ A professional experience, by experienced professionals.
I'm pretty sure my "job" is classified as a nanny.
merp. imiss hearing you set off your doorbell...
Arguing about who's been discriminated against more is pointless. This isn't the Oppression Olympics.
Jammin to ! Lol he wants to know whats going on newark!
Check out our girl in a parody coming soon.
Getting swim on at
Thank you to all who have "liked" us on fb or have participated in spreading the word of Urban Flight Apparel on here. We appreciate you!
what time can we call in???? :)
Today is the day! Cats vs Hoosiers. REVENGE IS SWEET. Let's go CATS!
whoops! I thought this was happening later but I might have made that up. I can meet up around 7:30. Keep me posted!
DOES A DOLLAH MAKE YOU HOLLAH HONEY BOO BOO?
"Know that wisdom is such to your soul; if you find it, there will be a future, and your hope will not be cut off." - Proverbs 24:14
I used to have time to read all manner of things, but now I have to be painfully careful about what to choose - DvL
I am feeling immensely better after a bad knee arthritis flare & bad nosebleed, ready to go out and take the world on again.
On 3/21/65, more than 3,000 civil rights demonstrators led by Martin Luther King Jr. began a march from Selma to Montgomery, Ala.
Kirby Smart > Kevin Sumlin
Sue his ass..." The DOJ is threatening to sue Mayor Mike McGinn over allegations that SPD officers regularly use excessive force"
Happy Thanksgiving Friends!!
How many of you are going to WWE Smackdown tonight at CenturyLink Center Omaha?!
tried to tell you...I told everyone.. Floyd in lopsided decision
Would be great if the Hawks made some noise in the playoffs so people know that Tracy McGrady and Jerry Stackhouse are still in the league.
There they go!
Thanks! RT : Amazing company holiday dinner at prado at balboa park tonight. Kudos the short ribs were delish!!
Where you located?
that works too.
If you're looking for an after-work drink spot think #GOTIME www.gotime.com
": Nice rides 5th and 12th in the still stacked 450 Lcq." Boys gonna do it up outside! !
Thanks for the RT!
got some fresh meat for #mudclub. John Connor seems ready. Do it quick b4 Cyberdyne gets him.
Will you and #mpm family be at Pure Friday?
Bummed I am not going to make the
Who is ready for this geology final tomorrow?!
I can't wait till summer!
Heading back home on Thursday! Cannot wait :)
kids will be kids..
Dont give all your thoughts and emotions to twitter you dnt even know him like dat
its definitely a gutsy move!
Monday #Trivia: The first arena the Chicago Bulls played in was _____.
Congrats to Wisconsin native for making the Top 24 on this year's American Idol! Do work son!
Glad to see our friends at aren't being pussies and have a keg on the way for us. Come keep warm with us, we open at 4
At urgent care and have been waiting for over an hour. Shocking right?
Thank U all for the follow! Have an awesome weekend all!
11:30 is a long time from now
Thats right its 6:04 and im not a sleep yet! im such a rebel! haha:)
Wow.......i just remembered..cody lives by me....i miss him so much /:
CORRECTION: The #1201 tech roundtable is today, Friday, May 11th.
I've heard them both...torture!
I would be terrified to be at msg right now...
#Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski (ankle) is listed as questionable for Super Bowl XLVI.
You're welcome. Glad you joined in the #digped discussion today!
- That kinda sounds like a country song. And yes, I kinda think it's gonna be Lexie. :(
Going to competition team jiu jitsu. Ready to roll!!!!
Performing with the ISO and Maestro Jack Everly in 4 Pops performances this weekend. All about "One Day More" in this show.
You took 4 yrs Spanish, are you able to speak it fluently? I mean could you hold a conversation with someone who speaks it? curious
in Houston? or in Chicago?
Words of Wine Wisdom: "Wine improves with age. The older I get, the better I like it." ~ Anonymous
so you're busy planning tattoo parties huh
I assume this means I can give you your s/o for being expelled now?
did you get on ripd? Hope all is well
ha, great, hope you can find some time!
i signed =D
RT if you're a gleek :)
As for AMC, I am a huge fan of both #breakingbad and #rubicon, not so much #madmen. I have high hopes for anything AMC does.
May 18 concert at the rock. Tickets for sale now $8. Get em while they last.
Will do.
who do I follow for fantasy basketball news?
retractable dome be downtown, right?
remember to dedicate a printer only for edible ink use, dont mix edible ink and regular ink through the same printer
Thanks for the follow back, Brenda! Hope you are having a great weekend!
um no. Its back on
OMG just told me about the dine & dash ! did they catch the guy?! That is just ridiculous
4-2-89 JYD and Butch Reed have their first Dome match in five years on a WCW Clash show. Sadly no one cares.
I'm not happy with the new youtube changes. All of my friends were removed. :(
Everybody!!! Go watch and support YouTube videos! This could make them less likely to be removed!
Damn right.
The true test of character is not how much we know how to do, but how we behave when we don't know what to do. -Jon Holt
i think my cymbal playing days might be over. i was exhausted from last year's parade!
The sleep I got last night <<<
Prove it then muthafucka!!!
In Born to Kill (1947), Claire Trevor can't keep her eyes off lanky Lawrence Tierney. When he weds sis, she takes him down and pays big time
The Jones Group will be attending the LIM Career Fair today! Look for us
David - contact to see if she has any more available from the #unofficialtweetup - all who tweeted were "there"
"I think he's going in with her, how bout you?" *looks around* ... *is alone*
Had an awesome weekend.. Nice right before a 6 day work week, start it with a meeting 5am tomorrow. Can't wait!
Knicks eliminated from playoffs
Idk, but there have been more depressing episodes than any with humor.
Yes, on Monday I'll be performing capitalism while others organize their shoe closets in honor of the idea. God bless America!
I'm eating some chicken thingy.
great to see you @ Dia de los Muertos tonight!
there is nothing in this world that is more annoying than an incredibly slow computer
haha. Man I'm just trying to get my tweeter loose.
can't wait for my birfdayyyyy a week from today
this is cool you are doing this but crazy at the same time! Best of luck and i will keep following!
ok seems like Fer has left the match a bit early. and whazzup with Tipsy?
Welcome! RT : Chicago Laugh Factory is checkin in! RT : Woo just 3 minutes!
are you doing it for weight loss?
eww haven't even done my art HW.. and all i've been doing was watching TV and playing games on my iPod..
looks like just iPhones bur let's ask directly! Who can use the app?
RIP Whitney Houston. The world has lost another talent that changed the music world. So sad.
how am i rude? you are the one that got yourself into that one
In January, Pres. Obama created 257,000 private sector jobs. Mitt Romney fired one debate coach. Hm, who is the better job creator?
With social media, the reporter as a personality has become more important. People trust, follow, engage w/ reporters they like.
Yeah buddy! Done for the day and it's amazing outside! #Lego!
Thanks so much! Glad you enjoyed the presentation this morning - had a great time presenting.
McDonalds then school <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Having sober conversations with myself <U+2260> having inebriated conversations with myself.
I know this is gonna sound slightly racist....but I don't like the way that white people kiss. Sorry
Thank you! Great chatting with you tonight
When i'm sleeping I don't wanna be fucked with or someone in my space...my little cousins annoyin with that -.-
Home and now skype time with the boyfriend :)
I've always wanted to, but I'm still working on it, thanks for noticing. :)
#640million could you imagine?
If you've ever thought about giving electronic cigarettes a try, check out www.genxvapor.com We've got great prices starter kits!
Italy remains the top exporter of #wine to the U.S., with a 31%, $1.5 billion share, of the U.S. market in 2011, a 15% increase over 2010.
Boyle Heights street vendors fundraise to vend legally in their own Mercado. j.mp/x6gAM8 // I'll be there around 5:30.
#WhyAreYou not checking out the websites I make money off of? CHECK IT!
I Haven't Talk To Oomf All Day :/
“ Don't treat me like you're last, or I'll end up in your past.”
id love some right now
hahah fine ill see if I can pencil that in
": Partial tear suckas!!! Back for week 7 & playoffs!!! #Sizzle" As little kid in Animal House said..."Thank you God!"
wrapped in a blanket, watching star trek. more exciting updates to come.
Hi Chris!! ALL IS WELL HERE! I'm glad all is well there!!!! Have a Wonderful evening! ! Tweet you tomorrow! !
I have such a hard time figuring out which "Alex" Bryan is referring to.
I'm gonna text you later.. Who you going with?
Odd finish to the game...
RT : ATTN PEOPLE OF ! If you see today, let her know that she has no armor. I repeat no armor. That is all.
Most relationships fail not because of absence of love; but because girls love too much and boys love too many
Pissing on a couch turns out to be a good way to get people to take a walk with you.
Just witnessed a kenny loggins song bring april to tears!
Apparently we've reached the glowstick tossing portion of the evening
Thankful that thinks of things I don't, like replacing all the controller batteries before a video game party.
is officially Alarmed & Dangerous.
Learning history of museums in China. China boom sesh
How you a shoe store n can't tell me the name of a certain shoe I know you have
HTC earnings, sales felled by heavy smartphone competition: The Taiwanese handset maker's first-quarter profit and sales plummet in t...
and I tutor the sweetest two boys for 's ReadUP program!
I don't know which SIM card was in....but cant they track what device is being used
...I can hear tires shrieking. Has the church parkinglot next door become a drag racing strip?
So I heard you are looking for an intern. Is there going to be web work involved?
What I tell my parents: "I'm a writer, I'm doing research on youth culture!" What I mean: everything is going to hurt tomorrow.
Russell Brand must be feeling like a big dufus!!!
Sucks having to see her happy with someone else....
It’s annoying when people try to tell you what YOU said.
I EAT MOP
Good morning yall! Looks like its going 2 b a great day
so this really works for you? lol
I appreciate nas for what he is, made some stuff i love,made some ehh stuff. No need to defend or protect...right???
The will have a booth again this year.
There was a Levi's Workshop is Soho that allowed you to check out cameras.
I wanna give up but... He's worth fighting for.
Had fun at Busby's West tonight! Lots of bartab drinks being redeemed. Join us Saturday at 12pm for more bartab fun!
Cleaning, Packers Game, NPR
< now followin, thank you for the follow.
Marriage is only a social contract for purposes of inheritance. The end.
My mom is making me wear my glasses! I have too I can barely see.
Press release, via e-mail: records at will open to researchers in early 2011
did you forget the picture? L
"I have a life outside of basketball." -Brittney Griner
sounds good, just sent you a DM
I think I found by better half....panda
hooray vinyl!!!!
OMG I dont like most boys right now :( #ITILG's
Staying in... I'm afraid to step outside. I know a house will fall on me!!!
I'm quite the mouth breather today.
CD release kicks off on May 3 on Thursday. Amina Figarova sextet at the New Orleans Jazz Festival, WWOZ stage at 2:55 pm !
sadly, even with my beardhead, i'm incapable of making some of these letters...
I love Rose :)
thanks again for B's game .. Are you a Philly Fan? What a
Yes, I almost killed Reese Witherspoon in my cab. Totally unintentional btw. W' 20th st, 2 years ago. Close call. #reese witherspoon
Thanks for being excited, and thanks for spreading the word, Julie! How will you be celebrating #MKEDAY?
Totally realized that immediately after I posted it. I would have believed it...
If you want to have a part in my Bieber love story tweet me -diamond
“Living on Earth is expensive, but it does include a free trip around the sun every year.” – Unknown
nah...i think it will be funny forever.
RT : RT : If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success.
thanks for following. you have a neat website. clean. minimalist. I like.
first to close....Perkins, romo or reed?
S/O to for the Post of my Artist - We appreciate the luv, check out the website! #Salute <<<<<
just nice to see them win haha
Monday. It's available for pre-order now. :-)
: You can find out your top Twitter fans from Booshaka.
I WANNA SEE IN CONCERT SO BAD!!!!!! I SEE THE POSTS ABOUT TICKETS ON SSALE AND IM CRYING BECAUSE I CANT GO! :(
Oh god damn it tumblr. "people calling for gradual change are privileged over radical extremists who are painted as villains" no fucking duh
awesome #gphholidays party!!!
had a great time today meeting new library peeps at gla midwinter. let's keep the energy and synergy going!
If you are a singer, send us your music to and in the subject line type in :SONG SUBMISSION"
#TwitterHorrorMovies The Creature From Boggy Tweet
cuddles you
hahaha! message boards. You aren't a fan if you aren't actively boarding
Who's signing up for the Chicago Half Marathon??? Let's get motivated!
I'm gonna marry 2 guys :) Josh and Austin <3
how late tmw?
Long day of putting it in now I'm bout pour up
and said they had concerns with Tax Holiday bill. SB1069 is on to Approps.
get amazon prime man. It's amazing.
what's up?
Driver told me that I was the first customer at that location to order the gluten free crust. It makes a reasonably good pie.
oh! I couldn't tell which one you replied to haha. But there is a guard called eklipse.. Might try out for it.
Just got back from skiing with the neighbors and getting ready to jump in their hot tub! Great day.
Just wana b like u...
Mark your calendar! will be performing live on WREG Channel 3 on April 17th, 9:00am! You don't want to miss this!
American Heritage girls soccer advance to the 3A Regional Final after defeating Archbishop McCarthy 3-0.
Ah, Saturday. You fool me with your promise of laziness and donuts, but instead it is a work day. At least it's a productive one.
Sometimes beef, sometimes pork. Sometimes beef and pork. Sometimes tuna.
why is Brpr always at Juvia? ;)
RT : #Scorpio's love to prove people wrong.
you guys doing happy hour or anythign tonight?
dammit Jake can we please just be bff's...
Only in this house you would find roaches laying around on counter tops
Monday night football! Gota love it
have a question to DM you, Keegan, let me know when you're following!
Just got this iPod touch #finally!
I wanna ride my bike! :(
This Packers' undefeated season is killing my productivity
Yo, I need to get my eyebrows waxed.
I'm glad everyone actually believes it was "just a hologram."
Hey! When are you going to come over to my house and give me the gauges? Oh, and you need my address, don't you...xD
washington c:
I used to have one... broke it on the southside in '80. Chicago winters.
Just saw a new car commercial with haha I'd enjoy being under house arrest too!!!
i have never heard of these erasable highlighters. sounds delightful.
Thought so c:
: We're even carpooling together.
Just got back from mile run just under 8 minutes
The beauty within you inspires a melody of love...
Get to know all your adjacent neighbors
fly me out and I'm down :)
my birthdayys tomorrow :)
So nice to finally link up today! Loved sharing stories. Have a great wknd!
never sleeps
Back from data center with the forever backups
I don't think so. The Academy Awards are a representation of what 60 yr old, rich, white men think is cool. Right now.
That is right on the money!! I've been preaching that brands can not aspire to simply be relevant. They need to be inspiring!
Alumni Golf Outing
pretty please.
Law Revue rehearsal with fellow horn player When do we get out of here?!?!
Impatience never commanded success.Edwin H. Chapin
I'm listening to Desmond Tutu on and laughing along with him. I didn't realize he was so hilarious.
My allergies are making me feel SUPER ugly this morning!!
are you done shooting for the season?
Haha suckers my school gets out in two weeks
Bangn beats dog.
Speaking of college brochures, , remind me to share "three and tree" with you. I think I learned it in
Players don't wait till last minute to join its free post highlight tape and photos today
@ work just had shrimp Alfredo with pepsi was banging but the pepsi wasn't a good idea
maybe...for the royals, just not sure on most teams.
nice look!
Myers-Briggs. Favorite world: Do you prefer to focus on the outer world or on your own inner world? Extraversion or Introversion.
Need help filing your #taxes? Look no further! Tweet me your questions, or give me a call!
No, but they're putting on a kick-ass performance of Pirates of Penzance in Lincolnshire tonight!
- have you seen moneyball yet? I have a feeling you would thoroughly enjoy.
good luck
The worst feeling
Why the Steelers will upset the Patriots at thesportsgame.blogspot.com
did he say "none of your business"? lol. Paula are you going to miss not being here for Cubbie home opener?
Napoleon Hill: "External forces have very little to do with success...solutions to...problems come from one source...: yourself."
hi? Can you Please RT: LastHoranWednesdayof2011
thx for the love
Oh god . You guys should have ate while you had the chance. Im just glad copsdidnt make gino take test, he wouldve failed
hey amber
: Richmond, VA? I enjoyed the ACES Workshop at #blogpaws!
#PARTYTIME in second period .
hey there! Our prices vary depending on the class. Please call us! 504-895-1167.
TODAY $FREE CONCERT :30pm Auditorium 'THE VOICES' dir. Gerry Gillespie!
Happy Star Wars Day, and May the Fourth be with you.
just carry the 1.
Just decide to do. The how is rarely important, and until the decision to do is made, the how is irrelevant...
& - one of my favorite hub/wife duos for God - follow these two if you like hub/wife duos for God...haha.
Getting ready to watch the McDonalds game with the Scott Co Cardinals staff on the sidelines. Pretty awesome.
Sick of crying, tired of trying. Yes I'm smiling, but inside I'm dying...
for sure! So much respect & support for you all!!!
Not only does the tunnel become narrower it also becomes so much brighter once you realize what your purpose is...
Getting the boys in for haircuts on superbowl sunday ought be a breeze. Alas it is not. But here we are: supercuts.
DONT LET THE SECRET GET OUT
im watching Hook too!
TheOffice Blackout of 12-6-2011 was caused by "A dump truck: pulled wires down from a pole leading to the sub- station supplying power."
I had a yummy chicken wrap from for lunch at Pershing Square.
take a look at tools like newsgator, socialtext, yammer. They track things like post counts, most active user etc
After Leak's 3rd interception of the game, the VooDoo capitalize with a touchdown from Rocco to Payne. Score tied at 54.
<<Last tweet
I was on the phone with Jorge & Shane before &I think I spent more time telling the bugs to get away than talking to them.
I love dancing
There are two kinds of friends : those who are around when you need them, and those who are around when they need you.
Going to Progress Village #Seventhdayadventist #church tomorrow!
this is cute .
“: It would have been really funny if Marc Anthony won American #Idol.” No chance, not "cute" enough (IMO).
Anyone there?
Fuck I just broke my damn screen again. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
AOL bought , Arianna to stay on.
Stop by Firehook Bakery for a great pastry!
When Austin tweets you
My favorite natural hair product line is________________! (please fill in the blank)
OH: "lawyers are the anti-matter of innovation"
Major milestones on the way for drugfreehomefoundation.org. Just finishing wild week. Home safety through drug discovery tools
So our 4th string RB is our 4th best player? That could be an issue. But still, ...
yeah that's fine, just don't forget :)
hahah Yo !! I seen it happen to many times bruhh!! ... say it dont go down like that??? lmao
A: Thomas, I wouldn't let age get in the way but show them that you have the skills and experiences they are looking for and are able to add
She got her neck tattooed and all her clothes are neww.
Don't let your anger get the best of you
Sharon just called and emailed you. She's the best to help you!
Hahha exactly. Those are even better you can do so much and won't even have to worry until two months lataaaa
thankss for a follow !
“: NEXT girl to follow gets a follow back from me!” me!
Nearly, but not just yet! Working through the rest of the bay, nearly done with the 1853 estuary maps.
A countryman between two lawyers is like a fish between two cats.
Broke my record getting to work but was just meeting friends. Can't I have all green lights for a shift sometime?
I'm assuming you work in Racine where that phrase is as common as breathing.
No tomarrow is.
I hope and will still care about me after their senior basketball season next year . Or will they be done with me too
lol, alright text me.
#Bizforum right content out of context is irrelevant. Poor content in right context is still poor content.
Microwave minutes are longer than regular minutes.
Kaitlen fell into the wall and know thrs a big hole right where u walk in ... Funny how she fell bt the hole...? Not so funny :(
Watching on NBC w/ #TrayvonMartin parents. Excellent interview. The police recitation of what occurred = beyond unbelievable
I had too much fun at the women and their work spring gala, even met someone who wants to bake for Red Space.
Thanks! I'll try it this year.
Yes, lets all do a lunch!
Record pollen count today...but no problems here!
with lots more students taking the exams I'd expect a drop in scores, so flat scores w more inclusive tests isn't a bad thing.
that's wats up!
ringringringggg!! Hello???! Hi!!! Thanks for the follow!! Have a great #Sunday!!
the mp3is in drop box
Tony Romo was much better in 2011, and 2010(pre-injury) then he was in 2008 and 2009.
Or course was there as well. He hung in there with on those double diamonds!!
cus you know they always be making female judges cry and she'll give her honest opinion i think
shawdy got that "come back"
lol ok guess we got different teams and moves for that night
LOL I never thought of it that way.
Crush it by All about personal branding.
Watching 's address! He's doing very well for it being 3:30 AM in Afghanistan. :)
i love converse lol!
Juno Bars .
OH CUTE MORE MORE MORE PLZ
Why you never wanna skype with me? Is it because I'm half Polish.
Had a great bday thanks!!RT : Happy birthday, girl!!!
Check out these
thanks les <3 we had a fun day, they were troopers!
Keep training hard and never give up keep going and fight the pain.. God bless everyone.. Night!
Thanks kid
I am so excited about the Nashville! Such a great location and Nashville is one of my favorite places!
Sometimes when I read a book I can tell it's just to get a feel for it, then I need to read it again to fully grasp its meaning.
I'm so happy I just found out there's a radio in my house :D going to dance like a lunatic when Boyfriend comes on and my other fave songs
no rain, but gray skies...it feels warm...a bird is chirping its little head off right outside the window.
It's COLD outside today! Make sure your furry friends have blankets if they're outside
ok really now?
Happy Happy! Life is Good!!
Texas Chainsaw Party
I'm stuffed... time to loosen
we're not big #FF guys but here's one for Cuz we're big fans!
Thanks for supporting us out there. That FUZE drink at the end of my 50 mile Ultramarathon hit the spot!
Win tickets for the bday bash hosted by , follow for more info
Another law suit to fight.
Big thanks to for hosting the Corporate Alliance yesterday. Absolutely beautiful day to drink Pinots!
I'm trying to put one together on student wiki pages.
I hope was watching the game tonight and took some notes from because that is how you close out a game!
Somehow I don't think you're being sincere. You know, you can unfollow.
Bitches think they doing sum when they say no filter on instagram.. lol!
shit sitting back watching t.v whats up with you sista
Always Kind Always Smilin :)
my news to you is not as good to share, but I will wait as well before sharing it
Hazard is younger than Kagawa, played 3times more Euro football. Faster, better passer, rides a tackle better.
what a great pic from a great trip. You guys look so young!
Having been on lockdown on Roosevelt Island for as long as I have, I forgot people actually go out. I kinda miss the shitshow
And ya man he a bitch I forgot to mention he been a homer ever since I flashed the Maggie Simpson - Goliath
Max Payne 3 nails everything. Fun. Mood. Multiplayer. What studio can mess with #MaxPayne3 ??? I hope GTA V brings it.
Beautiful day in Los Angeles. Happy 4th of July!
I'm temporarily parked in a handicap spot. BUT WHO GON CHECK ME THOUGH?
You were like a scene that I played in my head.
Flying from Sydney to LA today. Should I be concerned that I'm on Oceanic 815?
How long has it been since I wanted to get right back into a theater to see a film a second time? Dark Knight, prolly... yeah.
don't start Taukesha!
Traffic to = :( . Imma bout to turn this loss upside down at w/ in the building!
RT : Hittin' the studio to finish up my guest mix for this friday night
would never let her sit there and spout these lies
"tweet watching" c'mon now... Then what's the whole purpose of twitter then?
Thanks! Hope the day is awesome. :)
Ah yeeah Chargers <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088>
The Grammies is on everybody!
Keep On Keepin On!
I keep doing horribly wrong and embarassing things with & for Charisse's birthday.
thanks! Have fun at #SKC, though I don't need to say that do I? #itsagiven ;)
didn't even hit me back up today...
you're the Egg McMuffin of being a pain in the ass
Addicted to The Ready Set
I'm not familiar with either, what are they??
thanks. we're hanging in there
Wicked Spoon is amazing!
Yeah I had subway for lunch and then for dinner.
Happy New Year #FF to those in "Boston: Inspirational Women": via
I AM GOING SO SNOW-NANAS THAT I PROBABLY WILL EAT ALL OF MY FRIENDS!!!!!!
OUCH! Get well soon
Met an awesome musican tonight at Friday's After Five. Be sure to check out GALEN CURRY from C'Ville! Yeehaw!
Hahah Well That Makes Sense .(:
haha have you ever seen a dude named Earthquake???
Ring in 2012 right! Happy New Years, stay safe & enjoy your vacation!
Happy Birthday to the one and only (;
Now Mark is dying aaaaaaahhhhhh not McSteamy!!!! :'(
Going out for a long run. Have a good one everyone.
this is u! RT: I'm finally wearing a cute shirt today... under my sweatshirt...
Real niggas say word, I ain't never told no lie...
Have you ever connected with someone's eyes and feel like you've had the deepest conversation without even saying hi yet.
#FF My Ph.D in Psychology. Hows that for ambitious? =]
Our neighbors are vampires.
Good man, how 'bout you? Stop ducking me on lunch!
TY , you're fantastic yourself! RT "#FF she's a great business coach for women entrepreneurs"
that must be
In Milwaukee with nothing to do tonite? Check out vs. Astors at 7p or the IMAX film Born to be Wild
Life is such a paradox! Why does being stabbed in the back feel like you've been stabbed in the front?
You are so annoying. And you look like Snookie so yeah
VIVA MEXICO at Mingei Int'l's Collectors' Gallery features trunk show of Agustin jewelry. Buy a bauble.
thanks yoqu and I'm good to
There's something to be said about waking up to the smell of a campfire.
lol last time I golfed I didn't have a putter and used like a 4 iron.
Working on Econ finals. Less than a year to go in my MBA program then onto the PhD - am I crazy to want to spend 11 years in college?!
please follow she is you biggest fan!24
you don't have any ladies sizes or I would! U should consider doing some 'print to order' ones in ladies sizes.
I'll take whatever I can get !!
thats why you're the gift... er "notfairy" and not the tooth fairy
RT : That's it! We watched #ForksOverKnives & are going for a plant-based diet! Animal products no bien, homies
OMG those look delicious...
I'm reading some new plays. If you have a favorite that touched you or that you really loved please send over a suggestion.
Thanks, We had a great time.
Currently is working on an album for a major artist that may very well change pop music.
thank you
After graduation, I'm going... dare I say it... magenta!
Who are the whackos who voted for Maxine Waters? Were they all the dead democrats living in vacant lots that Acorn registered to vote?
If a mute swears does his mother make him wash his hands with soap?
haha watching that movie Teeth xD Lmao its supose to be scary but its mostly funny!
Organic celery
Kourosh said this will work.
We eat pieces of shit like You for breakfast.
What weirdness has been showing up in your life lately?
Conference championship games!
I want Jersey Shore season 2 to be on MTV right NOW!!!!!!
Chairman Jim Leach of is luncheon speaker.
Yu should be ashamed don't bring that nasty shit here we get called enough names as is
Let's go boys! We need us a big WIN tonight!
Whenever i'm upset i just watch or listen to straight to dvd
It's a great day to support the arts... Please give to the RISD Annual Fund!
I love the show castle
I saw two black people in West Virginia
RT : Based on ratings, Ds need to keep all seats currently leaning to them and win all tossups and most "leans R" seats to win House
Today is TRINA'S day. Call now and get 20% off your great facial today. Trina only comes on Fridays so call now. 3015850888
RT Impatiently waiting for the first section to start!
answered it for you. I love people that rage over this stuff
If it’s one sound I can live without ever hearing again, it’s a tornado siren.
You think there's a suicidal Pollyanna out there who thinks of her depression as free Botox?
Carrot cake <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
what u #Rockin tonight? I know u went and grabbed some new gear!
Watching American Pickers with Viggle Mon | 6PM | History Get real rewards just for watching TV.
that one is very blog-worthy :)
Just a little, but from home. More listening to music than anything though.
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration. - Ansel Adams
Long day!
Wow What a great deal!
ok, and my braces are suppose 2 come off on may 17 or something like that :D
Common Boggs, you're not living up to that facial hair!
Not sure why I am still up #longestdayever... But I am... chillen in BK watching folks stumble up from the subway.
I know! Moral: don't promise your kid Sea World w/out figuring out how to get there first.
she is something else. And beautiful eyes at the end. #Idol Crazy Hot and God it was good.
I'm making up words right and left over here, dammit! That wasn't one of them.
Absolutely. LOVE love love the content you've been sharing today, thank you. Seems like another amazing #shclds event.
#rappersbetterthansouljaboy Mac Miller
Thanks for the heads up!
why do dominican guys insist on wearing aeropostal???
I'll Advise You to SHUT THE FUCK UP!
Do you want to DOUBLE or TRIPLE customers to your restaurant or pizza shop? Check out our new POS & Social Media Marketing Systems...
on Lynx environment, largely "Mojave Ambient". Reminds me of a new-age jazz mix or maybe a bad cologne.
I need a quick topic for a tech video today. Let me know!
I'm just a flirt no harm done!
My truck was just on national television... Anybody catch it?
you have to make sacrifices for revival fires!
that is what I thought but if I ever find a pic like that again and it is Vin i will send you a link even if it isnt monday
I miss you too ashley, but we still have conference!!!
RT : Since I am not in the classroom this yr. my best experience was being a "student" on #sschat #Uinspireme<-Ahh
Life's all about moments of impact<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
NBA Playoffs coming I can't wait for old school Heat Knicks matchup. First victim on way to the
you have to swear your gonna do it ...
There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
U2 live on YouTube tonight!!
hehe, that's what I was thinking about today, too... Btw, I wanna meet Imogen!
sounds good
MWM welcomes aboard Connor Mac! Watch out for this guy! He is a total character and killer actor!
Need dunkin donuts right
we talk on fb every now and then. She is married and just had a baby a few year ago
where you workin'?
too funny!
Seems about right. It took a while for them to sign Largo Town Center everywhere as I recall. Lots of signage to adjust!
#thisIsTheMoment where I'm missing Him</3 Badly
Was contacted by a Lecturer/Researcher from a University in Europe who teaches HCI and tried the tool. Working on pricing for education!
Ready to move on after a disastrous bout of #libraryschool #midterms. At least it's over?
a V and boobs
Ya'll better look for me on ABC at this #Knicks game
I need you PAPA <U+2665> <U+2665>
Hope you go to the number one girl tour :D
Thanks for a good session!
i wonder if i wanna go out christmas night??
Good to be home!
Yes, and even do more than just pee while running! I'm not there yet...
Do you have a city bus tour to recommend? Thanks!
U available Thursday at 7?
in between but then end up doing the good thing. after all is said in done you tell people "ah I found a wallet with 200 bucks
HURT me with the TRUTH but NEVER COMFORT me with a LIE...
It will indeed.. and you always have your friends behind you.. protego! :)
Don't miss Impuria Live at The Chance Theater. This Is your last chance to get tickets! 10 bucks, 12 bucks at the door.
I DON'T HAVE TO SWEAR TO SHIT.
Thanks for the tweet link. Looks like a cool spot. :)
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter It was years ago and I didn't know how to use the dang thing
Cutting it a little close there #kubball. Whatever, #rockchalk!
#honestyhour ive been lied to way to much lately.
I'm translating to others our #wmata driver's announcements. Slight delay=long delay. A few trains ahead of us=lots of trains.
2 wks ago, student asked if he could take home an encyclopedia. I didn't even know we had them in the bldg.
thanks, hope you had a great weekend!
Yeah there wasn't more than 30 people there.
I'd love to see you guys remaking The Music Box.
": There are days when i miss you, and there are days that i don't. Either way, I remember you everyday."
30 more mins then gym time!
Only two more finals and I'm done with school! <U+E40A> 1 more day to Summer Break!! <U+E404><U+E04A>
But Harry's not even my fav! Why am I marrying him again?? hahaha
All Milwaukee typophiles! There is an informal gathering tomorrow at 6:30pm at the Public Market to talk about the conference.
Thank you for waiting!!!
glad I saw ur stupid move now I was going 2b looking for a mortgage soon #Rush has FREEDOM OF SPEECH! This is AMERICA! #tcot”
most obnoxious invention ever...in Nola $75 for speeding $150 for running a red light or not stopping long enough when turning
Look forward to seeing you out there! Gonna be a great show! Always look forward to rockin' Chatt-town!
does he have to follow u do it can go thru to him ?!
Thanks, man! I'm guessing there is something to the old saying 'find something you love and never work again'. Glad you dig it!
don't do it. That game is amazing.
er...technically, yes.
I follow my own Lead, no one else's. That's why I'm so Successful.
u get a chance to listen to that a$ap rocky mixtape?
good morning! up this early to get ready for a skype session with Walker. :) 8am with ..
Yea buddy
Got any invites to Google+?
Go to www.watchnhllive.com register and have full access to our site free and see all the live games that are on tonight!!!!!!
Gymnastic done. Now onto Idol :). Isn't Glee also on tonight?
A big thanks to all wonderful donors yesterday who participated in #GiveBIG! We raised over $4,000 in one day :)
Inspired by dedication of East Coast reporters and producers that are still working at 1:47 a.m.
Yes it's worth 2.99!
Following up on KC posi event & planning next adventures. prepping for Laguna/Montage gig. Faith made me do this :)
We gon drank.. We gon smoke.. We gon Party!!!... All b4 the sun even go down... We got it GOIN ON!!!
Soon, my friend. Soon.
I'm glad to hear that!! If I hadn't been awake for an hour in the middle of the night due to power outage, I'd be better!
Noo! I'm a loser. xD
Great work....I'll miss these videos nearly as much as the Packers
I'm really getting into kinda mad I got hip to em a lil late though... He's fucking dope nonetheless.
I'm thinking about making a cartoon about Twitter. It'll be really fun but it can only have 140 characters.
thanks man, much appreciated. How ya been?
you're on the waiting list, meaning you have to wait to see if you get accepted. If no spot opens, you're REJECTED!
who the heck is Larry by golly?
hosted convo w/ comm ldrs about the future of volunteering in LA.
It seems I should be watching the game to comprehend your tweets, no?
hi nessie. how are oyu. its grandma!
can Jeremy Morin bring it to me? Haha.
Just hit me (again) how excited I am to be working with and What a great team.
RT : I want a fruit salad #Random<---foh wit that fruit salad shit
anyone be tweeting New Castle Muncie Central updates
I have a weird feeling/hope that is about to drop some Watchmen toast jokes on us.
Yeah I'm DONE!
At a Hitchcock double feature instead of #HarryPotter. I hardly know myself.
Dat Mary Jane In My System To Keep My Mind Settled
-.- wow geilen, do you ever pay attention to me when I talk about him? El morenito.
But hard work for YOU not someone else! And surely it will stop raining for your BBQ! Wait, you're in DE, so maybe not... ;)
Have a great 2012 everyone!
I liked you because you could make me smile. I fell in love with you because you made me want to be a better person.
Come in and try our SUGAR FREE pumpkin spiced lattes!! Show us this tweet and get 25% off ANY drink today!
MKE downtown just delivered festival brochures to the City Center Concierge desk. Come check them out!
“: I play this game cause it's my life,Nobodys Gunna out work me or play harder! Disposition you gotta have #UDHoops #dedication”
Getting hungry....
Romnesia: Forgetting Romney saved the Olympics with a bailout from the U.S. government.
This is hoooorrrrribleeee.
I forget to forward commercials.. #Grimm "everything has an end only the sausage has two" Ha!
To shop at midnight or not to shop? Still thinking about it.
Michael Jonik asks about relations of leaning, touching, and fusing in Whitman's invoked postures.
night. Cali misses you
Follow my husband! He follows back =) tell him happy #bday! He's 28 today heehee
Cleaning the fridge, re-seasoning cast iron. A day in the life.
Recovery International Tool of the Day: Don’t look regretfully into the past or fearfully into the future.
Good Morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
New game drink when he says, "send me a bill." I'm gonna send my electric bill, maybe he can take care of that.
friendly? You all look like devil worshipping ingrates ready to suck my blood.
Just because he cut an innocent man's head off! How dare you and WTF was she smoking #for real
maybe, but not necessarily the wrong move, see instagram, flip board erc
Jereknee Linjury is out for the rest of the season.
deliver msg to pop for lost his number can u
I told my students "The Last Waltz" was the great concert film EVER. They stared at me blankly.
Klick city showcase gunna be live niggas deff need to check it out!!!
Use Evermote to organize blog post ideas
Guess I'll hop on the bandwagon.
Yes, that's the plan RT with staying in the MWC, doesn't that mean they plan to diminish along with the relevance of the league?
now three errors through 10 batters. Raburn can't handle a routine grounder
happy birthday!
So sad that #Borders is going out of business. E-reading is the way of the future!
Eric's maps are so much fun. Thank you for giving us the inside scoop! Always awesome to learn about LA artists.
Survived my first (& second) fantasy football draft last night! Here's to hoping I made some good choices.
#thingsisaidinthe90s goo goo ga ga. Yea i was a baby.
Power outlets in airport terminals are like bottles of water in the desert.
If I could call it a drink, call it a smile on the rocks
How many of you have considered biking to work?
hey, does 5:45 work for you?
im like a medium in EVERYTHING except pinks yoga pants
Rcvd packet of papers from Big Box's bankruptcy lawyers.I have 3% understanding what it all means, but...nice that my name is spelled right.
Happy birthday !
Gwyneth Paltrow is wearing a sheet over her shoulders
i <3 the hunger games
they kill me when they do that to mac's sexy mac's and no OS X or an iPhone with fake screens
Thx Dan - funny how that was sent at just the right time! Hope all is well!
wasn't in the mood for some Melvyn this morning
Aw thank you! My weekend was grand, busy, but grand!
This run IS happening this morning. Now, to get out of bed.
Who has ever yolo'd in Soho?
The #weather is beautiful in #Indiana today. I think I will go out scouting for subject matter.
we expect big things from you Today
Thanks for the rewteet! Can't wait, it will be a great event!
Good night rushers
Excellent! Sounds like you're sharing the msg of #AudaciousFaith RT my home group of ladies is currently on it!
following that link popped up my virus scan to block and exploit
Sexy synth sounds...
AYY I WORKIN WIT TWITTER OFF MY PHONE...IT HARD TO NAVIGATE ON DIS BITCH BUT SHOUT OUT TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS...IMA PUT YALL OUT THERE!!
if they put Tebow's picture on the towel, The Tebow Towel, ppl would wave them, lol.
Happy Natoinal Cheeseball Day! What are you doing to celebrate?
Done with Networking & Security Class. Going to head into the gym to workout.
Thanks, man. I appreciate you even finishing the thing, but I appreciate the rest of that, too.
matchup and champions?
thinking about riding his bike across campus
Not at the moment, but we'll pass the suggestion along to our Tea Blenders!
crazy shiny! Much better then the comcast blazer feed!
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing – Helen Keller
bitch i mite up n a drop top vett leave n a benz jus cuz its gone b dark out side
FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER: KELMARIE14 =)
2 very big wins for Logano in NNS back to back at VERY difficult tracks!!
Blunt blowing polo draws showing,
Took a 15 minute power nap for the first time in at least a year - I forgot how refreshing 15 minutes can be!
I shall be at opera! :)
awww you're so CUTE!! :)))) is little Tiana mad? hm? lmao
26 hours later come to HK,can't wait:-P
Watchin #bgc8 reunion. This better then the whole season lol
That elf might be barfing on the street. Yuck!!!
Going to walk the dog then take her to the vet
they must not like chodes I guess..
Nice win for my Louisville Cardinals last night. Hoping for the same tonight vs. Marquette! Put your L's up!
Young Money, (me) Young Bravo snd more Live in Pittsburgh Pa this July! Ticket info coming soon! To all my new followers & supporters thanx
I posted it on fb too, and a whole bunch of my friends have the same thing. I think we all need to move to a sunny climate!
maths are hard.
Ahh, you're looking for WQXR's … her twitter handle is
one of the funniest things you guys have ever done
ha ha I wish I COULDN'T make it clap!! Syke lady in the streets but a freak in the sheets
We were there this weekend so I know exactly what you are talking about!! That's where I took the pat down over the xray scan..
I haven't failed. I've found 10,000 ways that won't work - Benjamin Franklin
"Word" (also a term I do not particularly enjoy - #BeingIronic)
RT Hey OBAMA OR ROMNEY, either one of you wants to get on BANNING 3D FROM ALL CINEMAS, you got my vote.
Tyler is such a bitch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
sorry to hear that
I'm finding it amusing how many people are showing up to the Earth Day celebration in Nob Hill in giant trucks and SUVs
I Hate Mondays! they fucking suck!
i need a better new years its 2012 bitch!!!
Rare Palm Trees Foster Botanical Garden
The. Lord has work 4 us a do ur part & be blessing 2 someone, when the world is cruel, remember. God is good. He is miracle maker. Trust
*Types in password* ‘Incorrect password’ *Types in password again* ‘Incorrect password’ ARE U FRIGGIN KIDDING ME THAT IS MY..Oh, Caps Lock.
“: Don't play around with peoples feelings just because you're confused about yours..”
I think I'm the only person who doesn't watch Downton Abbey. Time to get off Twitter for the night I guess...
finally!! hope it goes well!
Thanks for following !
Follow me ill follow back rt
Gosh..ya know..rams are pushing 1 min left in the 2 quarter....AND brought down !
. talking about SLAC as an example of how well scientists explain their work to the general public
Yes! Congrats to Dr. Angela Stroud!!
Global Nuclear Power Market - India Industry
Primarily marketing consultant, w/a Master's in Internet Marketing I get to do little of everything. Love your blog.
You can avoid reality, but you cannot avoid the consequences of avoiding reality. - Ayn Rand
Islands of Adventure today!
We have A LOT of projects o';<
Remember coming home from that cool mountain air to 90 degrees and dead grass. Wanted to bring home a jar of cool breeze
Don't be afraid to try something new. If it works, enjoy your success. If it doesn't work, enjoy your learning. -WilzKanadi
Moment of Frustration Day “You must have long range goals to keep you from being frustrated by short range failures.”---Charles C. Noble
Got in to a fight with my mom. So I broke down in my room. Now I found some inspiration I'm not heartless I just hate the bullshit I go thru
RT : Lmbo... You living THAT life huh? Not that life.... I'm living my life.. Lol
why ain't you my friend then, ms. "i've known black cinema at large for 7 years"? lol :-)
Opening night dinner was a success! Thank you to Cornicopia Catering for the delicious food.
Just play. Have fun. Enjoy the game. - Michael Jordan
I'm on the top floor underneath the brown stain on the wall. Should be in Friday afternoon.
Never let your memories be greater than your dreams. - Doug Ivester
LMao is this spam?
Out & about enjoying this fine day in Houston! Happy Hump Day!
Ambassador Joseph - Politicians need to ask what we can do with the elderly instead of about the elderly.
I like blue eye liner sorry but it's not gonna change to green eye liner cause you want it too.
My son and his wife said "The Hangover" is hilarious!
follow me in instagram my name is Logan_covergirl go n follow me i follow back :-)
“:senior”ppl use to always say stuff bout my hair cause it's curly and made my friends feel bad. So I guess that's y I jumped u
Fun ideas for this week: Check out the 4th street farmer's market, sell books to Bookmans, ride a bike down the urban trail!
join the club I had to drink a pill the size of a fucking dildoe.
"The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails." - William Arthur Ward
Gorgeous 1st day back in #Portland, OR - 2 more vacation days, back in office Saturday -catching up tweets/emails/CS101 homework -hike later
Out with friends and family can't get better than this
We made it as silly as we possibly could :) It should be fun to build...
Would love to see pics and/or video of your trip. Good to get an idea what's in store for Joe and me up the North Kaibab.
"Everybody is a thief " dodge ? Pretty sad & pathetic I must say.
“: What did everyone think of tonights elimination? #idol” Tough no matter what. Regardless, is amazing!
Need holiday cards, invitations, announcements, flyers and more? Contact us today - All printing services are 10% off!
did you get my text?
It was a pleasure meeting you
in your heart, in your heart, in your heart.. I can tell you can fit one more
THX RT : Burritos at #Chicago's ? Check-in via at for $1 burrito special.
If you've ever had even the slightest interest in Surrealism or Existentialism, might I recommend the film Rubber. Killer tire. Ok?
holy shit u got skill!!! lmao
Pussy toaster
Paster Rakes, sorry took so long. I'm stuck at work (mgr in training) ill be at the Sunday service if I can speak to you after
Yes it is!!!! RT : life is good
Haven't talked to someone in a real long time and feeling like getting back in touch with them? Who cares.
Morning all. Stuck under a slug of moisture here in the east, but: A dreary morning / cannot extinguish the flame / that powers the muse.
When is it? And where?
he would surely dunk on me... But I'd beat him in a game to 12 with a 10 point spot. LOL
If there was one thing you could change about your physical appearance what would it be?
We would love to see pics of the best costumes if you have them
Anyone else have to take it easy today after #lsmnyc ?
She gives really adequate handjobs and they're freaking awesome. Lol
I think we'll be able to work with that :)
But we sure make it seem like were together. Because we don't wanna see eachother with someone else.
makes a distinction between "academia" and "teaching and learning"
My dad just bought McDonalds... Is he tryna make me fatter ?! Lol
Vending machine is out of snickers. Try the snickers marathon. Not worthy of the snickers name. Plus the machine kept my $0.20 in change.
Wishing my dog wasn't so emotional!!!! Ah
Drinking a La Roja - tart, tangy, oaky...awesome.
Hi people..
Wonder is people are reading these haha
Next time you come back to Cafe HAPA, drink is on the house! :)
Listening to Assemblage 23:Damaged haha i love that song next is Nine Inch Nails:Closer!!! :D :D
Social Dance
still rippin stages? #notevenaquestion haha let's hit the club when ur in town!?
Saw this earlier today! I thought it was a painting, amazing...
hey luv it's me i''m a co owner here :D
did you report on speculations back then too?
Thanks for the follows Elizabeth Warren for Senate (woo hoo!), ; Penny Lane ; and Harry Che
So....my TV like blew up
Sorry to those who received DMs from the vile "person" who #hacked my Twitter account. Several changes made.
Glad to RT! Good stuff!
“ I lightweight did too much tonite now a mf gone be sprung”
you know it ! (: I'm even thinking about wearing my Shanoonoo shirt!
not that I know of ;p
Nice meeting you today Sorry I had to leave in the middle of reading haha. You're a trooper! Now, get some sleep :)
Lose a bitch, gain a bitch
Thanks for the news about ORPHAN!! It's an OUTRAGE!!!! We will soon rectify this stereotype with our series!!!
What a horrible gut feeling ..
Today wasn't too bad forreal.
Why doesn't the freakin #Hootsuite ow.ly "bar" let you EMAIL the link? Am I missing it?
the books are here and ready for the book launch at Grace Place tomorrow from 7pm to 9pm! Come join us if you are in the area!
Indeed. Gave me a good laugh when it happened. Best screenshot I could ever take too.
I love brunch !
goodnight Amber thanks again
where are you? Some good books there
that's 1 way to get tail in jail.. RT “: Indiana State Prison actually allows inmates to adopt cats into their cells.”
April 21st at Harmony Sweet! We're playing with and n_n
Apparently the inspiration for the artist was the 1950s beach hotels along FL east coast. Tacky touristy!
Good workout at the gym, & good thing I'm scheduled for a massage later, cause... Ouch.
I really don't think getting into a sketchy situation that is avoidable = don't use craigslist to buy expensive things
Working through Market Samurai to find a possible niche. I have one and believe I may have another. Market Samurai is just awesome.
work work work RT for that good ol' follow
RT At the height of the Cold War there were 143,000 tanks in the world.
Oh and if you love me, you'll go follow
Thank you for the RT.
so jealous!! Hope you guys are having a blast :)
I think you mean good work CAN happen at the end of the day. Much good work also happens shortly after waking. Fresh eyes.
coach on the 76 sucks!!!!! Homey Class!!! Where are you going?
a power outage to cancel school would be ok <U+2614><U+26A1>
Brats, hot dogs and chips in the central mall at please!
Although they hated my fav club, I'm so glad , , and all the rest came out for my bday.
it's #musicmonday, who wants to suggest us to some friends? new shirt available at www.lovemeelectric.com only 100 made!
im getting followed my woop woop!
Love the guys A class act. Can't wait for next opportunity to talk about the real Doug Lamborn.
did she buy the pears?!?
#NowReading "Into Thin Air" by Jon Krakaur ...been meaning to get around to this one for years.
Deff. Appreciate it! Much more to come..
"you dont have to be on twitter to follow God" -church near my house:)
And by scary, you mean hilarious. RT : Something scary about putting Sarah Phillips first in my "Who to follow" list.
why is Peyton not getting the respect he's earned? Let the man know his fate
I just put 2 and 2 together that just make 4 but not 4 ever
Annas Linens - Spring Fever Sale Comforters - Spanish - comforters on sale
Cubs-Brewers in an epic battle of who stays out of last place
Happy shopping!
I can then install whatever. End of the year, when I'm finished, I just pop the old HD back in and viola! Back to original
. for Cy Young!
I was, but now in OK to help my parents move. Kind of a busmans vacation
Looking for other Christian Clothing Lines to do a fashion show. HMU!
*nodding * Ready now. *Standing up and heading for my study* My study. Then we can go.
Qustion for all #ProcurementManagers. How and what does your organization consider "savings" in your #Procurement organization?
That's why I caught you at eTech Ohio a month in advance! By the way, walking around convention center not advisable.
if you were there helping the colt out and write a blow by blow account I'll pencil u in for another eclipse award
At a moment like this, I can't help but wonder.....what would Jimmy Buffet do??
My new 1,500 sq feet state of art recording studio doors will open to the public starting next week, come and record with a vet.....
Hi... Does the song have to be from the show? If it doesn't have to be, CAN it be from the show? Piano accompaniment? 16 bars?
Watching #Fame :DD
Thanks so much Joel! Love Enjoy Life foods. Hope the latest & greatest products make it to Willy St. Co-op soon!
Saturday night legal party? Or did you get arrested? ;)
oh dude, back to the future? I want Doc's speaker on my wall..
exactly! Coming home tonight to hang out with you.
Smh I Feel Extra Bad!!! I'm Rock It Tho!
good luck with the gringos :-P
I shall! One of my Korean friends is cooking me food soon so I'll try to get recipes :)
Get well soon Chris Bosh!
YAY! and I just hugged in your honor, That was awesome.
Bored and I can't sleep.....great!
those r the best days
Target's website is down. I'm guessing the Missoni collection is a hit? Looks like I might actually have to go to a real physical store.
USA has proof Secret Service guys are nerds: They hire prostitutes then "hang out" with them
This is the weirdest damn race in the history of stock car racing
My home town is burning. I wanna cry.
Cost of Living Adjustments for 2012 include standard deduction increases: Single taxpayers - $150; Married Taxpayers - $300
You guys are so great to your crew! Sounds like you had a great night last night at YUM.
congrats! Let us know when it's airing :)
Help! I'm stuck in the hospital without the Husker game - Room 4227 Lakeside!
can't say the I do...
Knitting a coffee coozie so people at work stop doubling up on paper cups at work. Does that make me queer or a visionary?
Looking forward to playing for Priscilla's lingerie store opening tonight! She made it happen! If YOU happen to be in Winnetka, come by!
I feel so close to you right now.....
Homemade corn tortillas: putting the new press to good use.
Fruits and Veggies..... I am going to enjoy some cherries!
Tick season here earlier than usual. Find out when the creepy, crawlies hatch at ten on
hey its monika follow me back and can you give me a shoutout for this account because i just made it lol
Where are all these guys from Illinois coming from? they were so shitty last year
So sweet. East of Eden < 333
LAST MINUTE RUSH due to traffic on the site! DELIVERY 2mro! MUST order by 1PM www.worldchampionfans.com
LOL! Sounds like the holidays will be as crazy as ever!
When you can't grow chest hair, get a Chris Brown 'across the chest' douche tatt! And now, Jack Sparrow
Thanks, I'll take a look!
Video Killed the Radio Star
I told Bill Schuman that his Carols of Death was one of the greatest works of the 20th c. He said that Robert Shaw told him the same thing.
2NIGHT @ TRAP ATLANTA: 's Men &Women in Uniform Party! If you signed up for the party on SDC arrive by midnight for your discount!
is slowey injured too?
"investing in fantasies and not God..." - Plug Two
Off to the city for a Go See for some Print work. ;-)
haha i told my dad hw to LOLing n he as like o_O haha funny moment there then he LOL with me haha
sure, I'll be up. Did you want an SW pet or anything? Copy of Rift?
Might squeeze me in 5 days this week. Gotta make that money.
Biggest error: letting yourself get too hungry.
you have to check out Kauapea Beach. It's a nude beach, but it is super picturesque.
I am dreaming of a place . I am dreaming of a place where the stars always twinkle and the sun always shines
We'll have a table in a week! Would you rather learn ukulele or African Dance from us?
Loving my trip to Denver... who'd have thought it would be sunny enough to drive with the top down when there's still snow on the ground?!
Narf! Be sure to Follow for your SpongeBob news and random funny and interesting quotes! I'm still laughing!!
“: Ill be surprised if fits into her prom dress after that lunch we just ate” YOGFO (you only get fat once)
On the couch... Just rented War Horse. Root canal ruined my day. I think this will make it better
Yeah, doesn't make sense. Therefore, I'm not seeing the reality in it.
Please remind everyone to use your #TasteCamp tag. Looking forward to following from afar.
Sorry Newt. I'm pretty sure the Irish speak English.
If the auto-suggested words rarely match what I am trying to say, does it mean that I speak differently? Keeping this thing on it's toes.
was gonna study for this ap world test ... then realized
tY Barron :) Haven't been called a mother before-at least not in a good way :) Woofs
Eric - how was the trip down? Have great time this weekend!
send her this way....
Re your bus wait. In Italian, Arriva-douchey?
its about to get illegitimate.
I love couptessa Hey Lynne can't wait for the new salon!!!11
Made it into the xibus world orchestra :D but I can't get the money fast enough :( can't goD:
and today I'm in love again, beautiful! You still got it, never lost it
3 all-ins to me after an unpaired flop. I have nut club flush draw, HAD to call. No club. No club. Ugh don't spend all my $ in 1 place, guy!
I love when Josh calls me Cecelia. -_-
oh yes, absolutely!
are you in Sacto?
Well who knew one could create a collaborative slide presentation in Google.
Anyone in Phoenix happy with alternatives to Cox? Looking for options.
My waiter just called me babe......
My day has been all bad... I didn't wanna go into work feeling like this.
That would explain a lot about how I feel this morning. Mold, mold, go away...but don't take the rain with you!
Good Night <3
#stressless ------- the only way to be! That's great!
crap i just ate almost a whole sleeve of thin mints.
This Day in Blues History: stride pianist Willie "The Lion" Smith born November 25, 1897
damn the irony. I just sent you a text message!
I miss you all too!
Great #datingadvice for #relationships and #love “: Don’t try and change him, and watch out if he’s trying to change you.”
is welcoming her newest sorors to the Que-Tee-Ful land of Chi Zeta Theta Sorority, Inc...congrats C.H.I. Maintenance!!!
The better question is where are you going?
Excited to be taking the entire GB Magazine team to see Cirque Du Soleil Totem at The Del Mar Fairgrounds today! Go team!!
I got spammed by like five people the second you tweet that awkward tweet
He'd film homeade porn in the locker room. Lisa's busy smoking weed with Method Man
it's actually next week my bad
Agreed. I'm hoping to have an excuse to go to Gillette!
awww...thats really cute thx, now stop before you make me blush :)
Doing great!!! How about you?
dont be hating on my girl.
its kinda weird when u hear of a friend going out with someone you thought dead lol sorry Bob lol
2 days til we rock Casa in Athens with our friends Sassafraz! Can't wait to rage back in A town!
thank you, thank you!
"While I am busy with little things, I am not required to do greater things" --ST. Frances de Sales
#MentionYourCrush Oh that's yours too!?
Brother just called to remind me Natasha turns 6 today. Whoops.
What did one flag say to the other flag? Nothing it just waved. Happy 4th!
I start thinking, how many souls hip-hop has affected How many dead folks this art resurrected
it's a song. GO. AWAY.
Casual hookah night
RT": I'm done talkin about my skills outside of the gym"i feel you bruhh
No...No...No....I love yooooooooooooo more than anything!! :p.
I think the audio tape is of the president and Olivia. Sent by the 1st lady. That would be EPIC!
she used to be my roommate, where Is she?
#beatboston let's go NY, Go NY, GO!!!!
Happy Easter!!
Check out all my music at soundcloud.com/MW
If ur SURROUNDED with dumbasses, whose fault is that?
PickUpLine: Can you lick your nipples? [No.] Can I?
- Lets go #Celtics!
Insist your kids set goals and focus on action mastery of material seeing they're up late with social media anyway. #NspiredBy Proverbs 6:4
Anyone have any advice on how to: Paydex score increased
Its our year man, hopefully! Spurs looks strong as hell! Spurs been Mossing everbody!
Good Morning Followers
NOT on the first date! Oh, tell me she's not a tart, I suppose tart's better than sour, when it comes right down to it.
Thanks for the follow! Have an awesome day :) come back soon!
Nice man. I need to do the Mud Run down in Jersey this year. Cinder block hurt bangin on your back while you run?
Lol, we put Jeremy onto that this past weekend, prolly gonna do a writeup on that one track cuz it's so infectious
it looks like our video will be up tomorrow. no one has replied to me yet ): i think i did a good job! follow me please!? <3nd
Planning vaca around #DMB tour dates. Options from Cols 1. Mt. View, CA with San Fran/Napa trip or 2. Gorge, WA with Seattle trip. Thoughts?
Thanks for all the bday love y'all!
Atlantic Records just sent me an email asking me to send over beats for all their Urban Artists!
did you make a beard out of Andy's old hair? ;)
Its hard to still believe in love when everyone around you are #whores. They expect u 2 be like them too. But I'm not.
but you have a swanky new police report
all this time we've been crossing off days on the calendar pages.. <3
Q1: Mr/Ms. Congeniality - bacon pork chops with maple glaze
Chinese proverb...
you know my life is a joke when my dad texts my mom: "hey maur, follow me on twitter"
seriously look at him compared to an X Files alien
It is! I was offline for awhile - just getting back into it =)
This Mother's Day, all of us in the office will be thanking our kids for making our jobs so easy...
hopefully within a month. It will be a collective of several different etsy / ebay vintage dealers from the neighborhood.
he you sir! I enjoy it when you wear Burberry scarves :)
Let's start talking #wine with
Is it ghetto that once I sell my screenplay, the first "fancy trip" I want to take my best friend on is to Stamford CT so we can see Maury?
jealous! not of your sunburn but of the sun that did it! :-)
Torts also likes a refreshing splash of water.
Shopping for and buying a suit feels so good
The weather is sad because your leaving us/; <///3
No. Didn't get my phone. Using my iPad on wifi like a giant phone.
My dad is cominf today ha ha
Congrats to the biggest chunk of lard I know with his engagement. So happy for you !!!! You know where to send the invitation...
Never knew we could be intimidating. I hope your nerves calmed after we got going.
#Sabres. What is ruff going to say? "I hate derek roy. We need to trade him." Ruff has his job to save too.
Girl + Duck Lips =
For this test, you fast (don't eat) overnight or for 8 hours
Secret tip. If you put a teaspoon of vinegar in the water poached eggs will stay together
The average car produces a pound of pollution every 25 miles!
exactly, and that is somewhat to the credit of those around them. Someone close to them is misguiding them.
BREAKING NEWS: #Milwaukee will be in the final round of voting vs. El Paso for #SoMeT12! Let's get those votes out this weekend!
Thanks for letting people know about my images. Much appreciated.
and CONTACT !!
oh yes. I ordered it months ago
cyberbully is my new FAVORITE movie.
60k going to 1k/2k, great seat but tough table, morale is high, focus is precise, 16 remain, 9 pay
No !! take off the track and blame it on biggie mother... Lol really puffy !!
Blowing smoke at the Mexican dudes working on ladders outside my window.
ready to give up on good writing and just cite wikipedia for everything
haha I'll have to bring you a picture of the might fish!
Yes. Sending you a DM now.
What is new on the indie scene with you guys?
Thanks for the great interview!
thank you very much.
#ChildAbuse deaths are preventable
no problem! Thanks for following back <3
its so catchy right??? lol jk
my phone broke -_-
FRESH OFF OF WORK I HAD FUN WITH THE KIDS TODAY
Thank you for the #FF yesterday. It is much appreciated. Love your new avatar! Have a wonderful weekend!!
she's 14 my bro 18... Against the law lol
you can still get what you want without shattering peoples nerves, try being softer sometimes
you're making my diet very difficult!! Lol
Doomsday Preppers. You get an extra, what, 90 days? Big f-ing deal. You're still dead.
gingham rocks- im just piggy backing off of Margot's good looks
gotta do dis project & its do 2mor;(
Don't forget Mr. 42 minutes RT : Bron final possessions: missed FTs, passed up shot or drive, screened for Chalmers. Mr Clutch.
Having a friendly competition in Temple Run with my dad.
Brrrrrr. It's freezing in Chicago.
Hi Kristen, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how your clients are perceived. DM?
good luck today I know u will kill it ma!!!
getting spam from your twitter account Mike. Might change your password.
We just booked a show for your enjoyment. 2/25/11 at Beauty Bar with The Baker Family and Masonic. More info to come!
Great photos!! Thanks! :)
Pizza! Pizza! Pizza! Yum!
Khan Academy-Watch.Practice.Learn. New free ipad app gets rave reviews, includes 3k videos, hundreds from Smarthistory!
I don't think I've ever been to Union Station without having to full on sprint to catch my train/bus/metro, but always make it just in time.
Sex and the city and nail polish. Good morning.
i usually just make a peanut butter sandwhich, but luckily tonight I had some left over pizza
Can't believe some of the things being said tonight on the
i see. seems like the issue is more convoluted than it needs to be because of federal labor laws.
totes gonna stalk you when you get to austin
George Karl's chin could start at center
Bring it on. RT : I don't know if I'm more excited or scared that and are going to finally meet...
How does a man show he's planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
What's the best, worst or funniest job you've ever had?
Being such a good cook that even the fire alarm cheers you on.
suggests a event for every variation of a multivariate test. We should've done that before
Dipsomaniac role models
Blasting "Sex Aint Better Than Love"
I'm never going to wear these pants again -.-
Hi. I work w/ Challenge.gov and wanted to interview u about the Go Viral challenge u won. Can we talk? Tx
Miami is going to win a championship
Just dropped some film off to be printed!Hoping for some gems on these rolls!
No! I don't want one either! F Tablets!
I know your busy but lemme know when I can kidnap you for coffee, these kinds of things make great posts
Florida would seem like a tough matchup on paper but Rick has always had Billy Ds number
I feel your pain! :/
It's 4/14. Retweet if your going to have an awesome !
Mary's boss(es), since she will be beholden to them.
[+] Teixeira has been Teixeira this year so far, but nothing like what I have seen from Pena. Though there could be the [+]
It's boring AF not having anything to do
Have i tweeted today? o_O
I'm A OK with that!
Go Gerald!
Enjoyed #WowYourCrowd - definitely gave me some good tips and I now need to revise a bunch of my slides :)
I finally got to watch The Hunger Games tonight, and LOVED it! I'm just slightly obsessed with the books... :-)
Getting rid of #pennies would be a good start, anyway. Having prices that always ended in fives and zeros would be much more efficient.
RT : Dream the dream, and then do the work.
I really don't want to be at school today
what's ur gamer tag
Heading over to to spread some cheer in the form of key holders and bike chains. It's the little things. :)
The question you are asking is like asking, how do I become a successful lawyer. There are many steps.
great to hang out tonight! hope to see you again soon!
classic nap dream
lol i'd say it was more of a debate lol, but same to you, thanks for listening, and I love you so much!
times 2 to equal 6. And that number is 3! So then if 3 times 2 equals 6 the top half has to be 3 times 5 which is 15
agree. Advantage --> you!
What did he say it in reference to? I seriously can't remember.
THINK QUICK: Fill In The Blank. I'd Travel to the Ends of the Earth to See ____________ Live!
What's happening? *I'm* happening! Get hip, get efficient, get savings! Get the most out of your summer cooling w/me!www.smartenergypays.com
The supposed end of the world is tomorrow so just in case tell your mama you love her and eat those special brownies you have been saving ;)
You're amazing. Oh, Lexi says hi! Taylor is yelling at me to get offline. And my boys are eating my food...
Just biked far rockaway boardwalk
Just watched Smash's pilot again. By God, I'm kind of already in love. I hope it stays this good.
WOW! Already over 1,100 followers?! You guys are awesome! Make sure you're following my other twitter: ! Love you all! <3
Time for my movie night; vintage FAA video on wake turbulence calculation and avoidance -__-
erhmmm.... you can #FF me allday long Big Slick!
Really sad tonight :'( I'll get through it as usual though.
Just went past 200 twitter followers! Thanks to everyone for the support!
has the face! And the layers.
got called 'macho' for the 1st time today. first I was confused. then frightened.
Happy Happy Birthday to one of our dedicated, hardworking, AMAZING trainers JASON CIARABELLINI!!!!!!
“: #BeaverBaseball has #Swag today!! <U+26BE>” you wish <U+26BE><U+274C>
Love is never lost is always forever and forever around you
if you like my smile then it just proves you are like retarded or something
relaxing.... never forget how to relax its wonderful! have a beautiful & prosperous week!
If you believe everything you read, better not read
Never agreed to that statement just so everyone knows....
oh I like the dentist... Awkk
its sad how you can be bestfriends one minute.. then it all changes.
Feeling ok really hoping to shake this cough by tonight but glad to be feeling better
When something bad happens you have three choices. You can either let it define you, let it destroy you or you can let it strengthen you.
Are you a small business owner? Do you have a loyalty program for customers? Would you consider one if the benefits helped your bottom line?
Could just be me but it seems that the people that say not to judge are always the ones that have the most to be forgiven.
LMFAO I legit fucking hate you.
For all those in Charlotte, NC, watch Fox Charlotte (WCCB) at 5:00. Big news about to break.
Happy Birthday to a dear friend: !!! Wishing you all the best today!!
Among the first to see a SB 46 summary video at #PRSAHoosier. Getting chills about how awesome it was all over again!
For dry spills, vacuum the excess material or scrape dried soil with the blunt edge of a spoon.
Happy birthday, Lisa!
Thanks! Will soak up some, but not too much! It's going to be hot! (Funny how we see 80 as hot in the NW)
R E T W E E T : If your love cookiemonster T - shirt
I don't know where I stand, but I do believe that essays and presentations are better than tests.
Lunch time!! I'm feeling Italian!
IIRC, the case is still going on...
Hello Monday evening! Where did the day go??
Just found out my sister is being sent to live in Indiana for a while...i'm gonna really miss her <U+E401>
Right back at ya brother...hope all is well in the Mile High City...miss you man!
is diving an Olympic sport in Ottawa?
My mood in the morning <<
no, on youtube, the last time
Thanks again for nothing iPhone auto correct! NO I meant Underworld Awakening NOT Underwear!
Pastels are suddenly in for winter --- awkward or awesome??
Thank you California & Pine! See you again next week.
Happy birthday, David! RT : today i turn forty-four years young
Yes covering Simon and Garfunkel is not the best way to start a Monday >=(
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but please shut the fuck up.
#Badgers Nick Toon to the Saints
Happy Friday, art lovers!
": Did Camilla really just spit at somebody"That was nasty as hell I thought it was Judo for a sec
Why do boring people like twitter? If you have no followers, no retweets you might as well buy a diary and get off here.
Whatever affects one directly affects all indirectly.
my answer every time someone not from the US talks shit: im sorry, i can't hear you over my FREEDOM.
Now that I'm back home, regrettably, SKYRIMSKYRIMSKYRIMSKYRIMSKYRIMSKYRIMSKYRIMSKYRIMSKYRIM.
Last nights show now in the archive at www.latalkradio.com/Donny.php!!
well. barring intercession by the BVM i think this is toast. intercede at will. please.
The Pali Lookout is cool there in HNL - a great historical site. Hanauma Bay is good. Eat at local spots - Zippy's rocks.
Times like this, I don't like having a window office. Where are Helen Hunt and Bill Paxton when you need them?
yes. I love snow.
I bet a mil that if is that right mood..I would .....and if it taste good....I would eat it like food......ha. ..was up girl
Junior Seau remembered from a 10 year old through his career next on -then we take a serious look at depression, and suicide
hey there! yes, I am flying Spirit; did they let you bring one carry-on without charging you?
I've wasted to much time on this low life where yu at sexy lady?? Lolz
welcome to #Titletown Nick! Here's to hoping you get that first shiny SB ring next year!
I've been in bed trying to sleep for almost 2 hours, but my head is racing with so many thoughts. fjshsgsksgs :/
I'm so happy I got to go to that concert, and I thought I was paying ALOT when I bought them, but they were SO cheap!
Toastmasters meeting tonight @ 6:30pm...Looking forward to a powerful meeting..
#SCTOP10 #Mariners Michael Saunders go-ahead GS vs #BlueJays in 10th. 1st career Grand Slam in Home Country.
Now tweeting til my phone dies?
follows people with eggs as their pictures , but he doesn't even notice me , <|3
#skipstebowbandwagon Hey Skip are you still going to put the Ravens over the Steelers or will it take winning the SB.
if im louder, would you see me.?
I told u to watch it days ago. I can not b held responsible for ur mistakes :P
I think my mom would be concerned if we got her a card from the dogs. ;)
hey! its harder for the writers ;_; I haven't updated mine for 3 weeks xD lmao writers block suck :/
"There's no speed limit." Make high expectations your norm. at
Ha I absolutely love being treated like a bitch...
Many thanks to 4 the informative + fun Typing Seminar w/ last night, and to Reproductions + Backstage 4 hosting
this weather fucking blows...and I'm stuck at the DMV...doubleblow.
Chipper feeling better?
Long but super productive business day! Happy to be home:) Nighty Night!
Jessie Jackson just walked into the studio during my show.
lol why don't you go marry him? just kidding.
Yep :) I Got Your Tweet :D Haha :P I <3 The Word "Ninjaness" :P
now u got 28
you got drunk and ripped it out of the wall, but Effie did replace it, right?
Been on an RTing spree lately bit everyone else is saying it better than I could.
Looks like the Packers will represent at the Pro Bowl!
Anybody in Houston have a van/suburban I can borrow May 17-27th for the tour? I'll owe you.
Lots of rain this weekend. Hard to believe so much of the island is suffering from drought.
All we need to hear is the truth, even though it hurts.
I would like to thank all the Radio Stations and Clubs that has support my music. Happy New Year!!!
what are you gonna teach me? How to knit?
The clouds are clearing up and soon there will be light, don't think like this. From the beginning in the sky there has been the bright moon
BREAKING NEWS: Found out late last nite dat 1 of my roommies is gettin kickedout! Need 2 find someone 2 fill da room & want someone I know!
Getting ready to go to the 30th annual San Diego quilt show at the convention center. I'm so excited.
Cool, man.
a musical theatre song named a sleeping bee
nice work!
no comment (;
I crack myself up sometimes. Is that prideful? Like, seriously, I can't help how funny I am.
I hope we don't get ads on jerseys anytime soon.
My comfort level is low today. I need a nap and a time out.
-Don`t cry dear, that`s life! :DD
I make ONE beastiality joke last night and I lose two followers :(
Sets starting......OTR
nice vid bro,I got them Beatz fam. Get at me
Can't even be mad for 2 reasons.. 1 OKC is just a good ass all around basketball team & 2 I'm high as hell lol
Attorney for Mohamed Mohamud arguing for release of government evidence in alleged terror plot during Portland Christmas tree lighting
I wish they had asked JJ Redick about SVG too.
IT WAS FUN! THANKS!!
You and tequila make me crazy...
you're fine. like Italian grape wine haha.like diamonds that shine. haha idek
Pavement ROCKED Columbus. Pretty sure Steve Malkmus still occupies the year 1992, mind + body. Pretty sure that's what makes him awesome too
lupe fiasco and snoop are the only rappers that really freestyle instead of reading lyrics off their phones. freestyling is going rare now.
haha it's all good sure don't look like Shrek so you get a pass!
that's funny but kinda weird Ü
Yo mamma is so ugly the pigs didn't accept her to roll in the mud.
Just saw the second line pass & realized I won't be home when the crowd consumes my house & drives my dogs to the brink of suicide.
Our email server is currently down...we're working on getting it back up soon, sorry!
Hm, apparently you can emigrate without immigrating.
re: today's #DailyFluff, "Have you had enough fun today?" - i wanna know- what are you gonna do today to make sure you have enough fun???
Thanks! We're glad you liked it. We have two more films coming out very soon. We'll keep you updated here! -JO
is excited for Denver!
Thanks Mikey, I'll check them out. Also, 100 domains? DANG!
Everyones timeline is getting spammed but hey everyone has a right to be mad! Big Time Rush is just a an unoriginal boy band who can go...
awesome, my skin is like that of a diamondback rattler. lol
Omg the thunder just shook my hows scared the bajesus outta me this is not cool
Arab Beliebers Are Ready For Believe? The whole world is ready. RT if you agree.
He sure has surprised alot of people that thought he wasn't tough. GO CLAY.
Today is election day.... don't forget to vote! People fought hard for this right!
There is a silent, calm, nothingness feeling in this walmart. Something is about to happen...I know it.
Congrats to all the Bos Bruins fans!!
#Florence Nightingale owned more than 60 #cats in her lifetime.
Enjoying the October night with some awesome people @ El Vez!
Quad still not feeling good but gon fight through the pain
A IF YOU STILL WOKE CALL DRE AND TELL HIM MY PHONE DON'T WORK IN THE HOUSE SO TEXT ME ..# 770 895 1390
Berry had a bad game but pulling the “Broke & Miserable” card is weak. Aaron Berry is arrogant disrespectful to the Lion fans
talking improvements Overton park conservancy, Madison corridor, union police moving to Legends Park & Broad Arts District
We r loving Shomari!!RT : We just gave you Pat Collins ... now #ShomariStone is back on air. Keep those votes coming.
Bunker. We going for the gawds bday ": ? BIG HANDSOME where art thou?"
but that is the point isn't it? Understandable by whom? Under what circumstances? And who gets to decide?
Coverage: Tool Is In Fact Stationary Or Perhaps We Pay Anyone ...
one love
Maybe not top 10 but a great prospect
The environmentalist in me cringes every time I see someone talking about Gaming Paper. Is it recyclable?
Sorry about the stairs that you had to endure today. I log rolled down my front lawn this morning so I didn't have to.
God... it figures you'd send me that! That's a great album though.
How is everyone doing with their new year resolutions?
I've been in the bestest mood lately :D
real french men choose french toast. Aren't you french? If so, your glorious heritage has chosen for you!
"It's never too late to be successful"
was given mechanical pencils in bulk for Mother's Day. Best gift to a writer ever!
I just want everyone to know that Spirit Airlines charges you for a single carry-on. CARRY-ON.
Too fucking irritated. It be like that.
And, always jazzed to meet anyone else into game studies.
Enjoying a lovely morning out with my kid brother. So glad to be home...
For my 29th birthday in Oct., I am going to form a merry band of tricksters and run amok all around KCMO.
focus group analysis all day....and possibly all night.....
Thx to , 8yo and I now sing "We're Jammies, Jammies, & I hope you like Jammies too." b/4 bed..oh yeah, & thx
Yes!! And I'd love your help with getting some names at Ology for sports/ films coverage :)
I accidentally tweeted myself earlier.
enjoying reconnecting with a bundle of friends on facebook.
That why he's taking his ass home RT Amar'e.....why you such a po loser???
#going home from last day of 'In Denial'... Shoot went well,but I'm dead tired.2morrow back to the theater.La Revolucion opens on Apri.
I hate when email marketing uses my first name in the subject line. I feel so violated.
Who would make a great co-author for your book? Someone who has a much bigger platform than you do.
It's nice...not a Phillies fan though.
Follow and get a FOLLOWBACK from me!!!
We are bout to have a shake down!
So true!RT:it's important to keep your Magnolia Bakery menu on your dining room table all the time so u can read it every day
NEXT. WEEK
When i'm w family I feel soo at home
Shoutout to our newest followers! Thanks for supporting women's golf and the USGA.
Ian in that beanie last night. omg.
Did you vote for a volunteer "Hero with a Heart?" Tell us your favorite story about this amazing individual! Happy Friday :-)
digging the new song!
Automatic bids were handed out to the winners of each conference's postseason: Yale (ECAC)
yes!! That movie is so good it's actually as good as the book
Episode 6 was so good. Sleep tight, all! See you here next week for 7!
I was thinking prescription meds, but probably whiskey.
notice me
I feel like such a loser when I'm forced to leave the library on Fridays.
Cannot believe that the Buccos are 10-0 when they lead after 6 innings.
An "As Seen On TV: Pocket Chair". I want one of those, as well as a fanny pack. As a matter of fact, I'd like to get them on the same day.
No need to worry - was at yesterday to check out their new routers (or whatever they're called). It's all good!
I was hoping you didn't know it was me.... You educated, read before tweeting fucker!
I'll take warmth and clouds over rain and cold any day! :o) : Cloudy day walk with ,
agreed “: Not for all of us. RT : Difficult to see Rami in a Brewers uniform #Cubs”
haha! Love it
Yeah boys just have a signing everywhere else but Florida, cause we are nothing, you know we don't exist, we don't need a signing! -.-
no one knows where my tumbler is!!!! I lost it :(
Getting snagged, finding other stuff to do until unsnagged. Aw, yeah.
Im sad for anyone who gets sick. As far as child support.......I hope he is strong enough to be there for his kids.
2. The stress of moving out of our apartment to my parents' house will soon be replaced by the stress of packing for two years abroad.
Would really like the lake to warm up please. Swimming in the pool just isn't the same.
Shit just get sad for no reason
Someone with brain cells left in their noggin want to write this Wannabes Hoot Night press release for me?
If you don't mean me no good just leave my life......wtf is so hard
I can't tweet in bed any more if I can't stop dropping the phone on my face.
BREAKING: Albert Pujols fails drug test. More information to follow.
Worst mood ever.
Mrs. Child is dogging today. How embarrassing
Just passed a guy walking his pet duck. Man I love Austin!
I'm also heading to MW2012. Look forward to seeing you there!
LMAO It's #BONNAROO It isn't a banana.
Coming through five-by-five.
We'd love to have you!
Congratulations on the new job... We hope your first week is going well!
Dude i cant believe ive actually met my favorite artist 2 times in less than 1 year :)iLove you ! ill keep supporting you !
And now I wait. Blah!
Minecraft Tutorial Rain Garden In Minecraft - landscape architecture
"I never knew the old Vienna before the war with its Strauss music, its glamour and easy charm. Constantinople suited me better."
M strip club in queens. Random rendezvous with the homies
Looks good! We're coming in Fri for lunch. Chuck's bro in town. See ya then! :)
yeah and an ump blew a call to ruin a perfect game
Lol the little girl at church was acting like she was posessed
Chicken /mushroom/ onion Pizza.... Yumm
"Well, you wouldn't be jealous if you didn't really care about me. Would you?"
i'll think about it, but the girlfriend might have a say.
YES THAT IS SO MY MOTTO!!!
Choose to have a great Saturday!
The worst udon ever at Kobo in the south satellite of SeaTac Airport. Can't get past two bites.
Social Media Week is happening in Washington, DC next week
<3 we'll be here when you get back!
omg how
“: Dino from H-Town was a beautiful, beautiful man. RIP.”
Winning this series was the worst thing to happen to the #Sixers . This team needs to be blown up, keeping three of those that played late.
Me too, long day.
Any trouble you bring us I will expect you to get us out of Otherwise I'm going to Lane Powell. 160 deep. All pissed off
Morning #bmore!2days word is Mother. We wouldn't b who/were we are without the mother(s) n our lives. Happy Mothers day 2 my and all mothers
T-minus 8 hours.
welcome! Glad to have you around :)
can we skype naked tonight?
Only one consensus so far with 102 cappers displying their picks with NBA back on the early consensus is on Timberwolves...Back later
die homework, die.
#idol - big shake up there 2night. They had to save Jess for sure. I think this was kind of a one-time fluke week. Back to normal next week.
it is ok I understand you. your english is great :)
person, just doing what he likes instead of sticking to just one thing.
I left Facebook for good! And I will not miss anything abt it (: !!! Abt to enjoy my Friday night.
We're giving away FREE passes to Disney's latest movie... Watch at 5:25 this morning to get yours!
Shit I been good just working my ass off what you been up to......
Would be excited about finding software bug, except support tells me I need to submit a feature request for something that should JUST WORK.
The idea that once you achieve “success,” you will then not have to work so hard is not True. The opposite is actually True.
Three. More. Pages. Two hours. It's possible...right?
why is taylor swift so pretty
Been listening to The Baseball Project in preparation for
Just finished latest interview for feature documentary, "Literary L.A." with the estimable Lionel Rolfe.
Q: What happened last night? A: We all went Charlie Sheen...
Some have to work so hard for #ATTENTION , but it just comes naturally when you're #teamtallgirls #teamlonglegs #teamtall! Embrace it! :)
Oh, Craig James is on denying his wrongdoing... oh okay asshole.
smith needs to smile she crush my mood!
Taylor Game.....
Hey Buddy, call me today. I wants to talk to you! Preferably sooner rather than later :)
I hate when people say they hate americal, its like
.....turns out my phone saved a VERY old number for , and I was actually texting a 12yr old kid. Ops.
NSF Cyberlearning: Should we bind online services to membership in an organization?
Awesome day with family & awesome night with hubby. Tomorrow, I look forward to my massage. Yay! Goodnight lovies... :*
OMG AUSTIN PLEASE. <3'.
Had a conversation/argument with a Dual citizen from Canada. He's a Repub, watches Fox & told me he'll vote for #Romney to spite POTUS.
New phone if you got my number red me your name
I went to the movies, then the previews for The Lucky One...I gasped so loud the man next to me thought I was choking!
my stomach is officially eating itself.
Kleiner Perkins Considering New Fund for #cloud-Computing Services Startups - Bloomberg
Pull my shirt on, walk out the door, drag my feet along the floor.
<U+2764>No hate just love!<U+2764>
WOO indeed!
#HappyBirthdayMamaSanders (: Thanks for giving us
Just bought tUnE-yArDs tickets. This summer is going to rock.
PBR me ASAP.
Thanks so much to the cast and crew of STUMP. The screening was awesome tonight, and we couldn't be more excited and proud!
RT : “: Kobey bout to loose 150 Ms !” what team he play for ?
whys that?
Cry me a fucking river -.-
Can't wait for the #Bulls game at noon. I'm ready.
You can do it!
Put your best effort towards your best opportunities, not your biggest problems.
advocate,leader,emcee,organizer,
Had the best sleep ever. Now I gotta finish some early morning hmwrk
thank you for mention- have a Fired Up week
Wait. What?
indeed! Painting the baby's room at the moment...I forgot how much I hate painting, haha.
Who do you have that wants to live in wine/sun country? Maybe we can make a trade. Red rover, red rover send ____ right over.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency reports that some 30% of buildings’ energy is simply wasted.
": agreed! “: Can I stop hearing about Big "Bad" Bo and "poor" Uthoff now...” just scratching the surface...
RT : Are you ready for ? Good times on Colorado! Stop by our truck and check out our new desserts :)...
Don’t get me wrong, I don’t mind being there for you. I just mind being the one you run to just because everyone else is busy
Madonna was unbelievable ! This is one of the greatest performances ever !! #madge is Queen !
“: so, when are we going to get that drink?” this weekend?
aw, thanks!
RT : Hey somebody is making really bad things about you...
Flamenco at 800 Larkin St, San Francisco 8pm Sat, November 6
yes it is terrible, that they hound ur mother. Happy Birthday to her, all the best. Now u need to pull it together.
Damn my body is kilin me. Workout was nice
I love yours too! That has to be the cutest picture ever!!
At the event at The Grand in Long Beach . And the line is getting longer by the minute
this is extraordinary-talk about establishing a dialogue-what a way to engage
only if you get real crazy at our shows so I can laugh and possibly hit wrong notes because of it haha
well, irish in any case. No idea Matty! Was bigger than moon landing when it came out, but never saw it. Have you seen Father Ted?
it's a Rage Against the Machine sort of afternoon... :-/
haha, are you a former country fan? or drive a truck or something?
umm no! I <U+2764> my truck, it's almost paid for. You can sponsor me one tho lol
Great to see you in portland northwest baby!!!!!!!!!!!!! Rt or be haunted
IM Black and I'm proud. Be proud of who you are. The people who speak on you are nothin but followers of people taught them act that way
Fish sandwiches at arbys.
The weekend is filling up FAST for remaining Flying Karamazov Brothers shows. Don't forget to creative and bring an item for The Challenge!
Hey Ladies.. If yo Kid get a Disability Check, its only right you share some of that Check with yo New Man if he gone put up with em! :)
Awe whats wrong zak you feeling ok
Did you just see a Jordan Pacheco home run?!!?
Yea right
much sooner than that.
Can't believe I'm up this early!!!!
You better do austream today or else i'm gonna cry.
at rec room now
Thanks!! It's a Robert Talbot! Thanks for watching!
Cookbook will at first be exclusively, ONLY available as a premium for the funding campaign, which starts tomorrow. More soon!
yeah Leonard I walked out during lunch yesterday
In the city, the city of Austin...
The swap was too short. :(
how would you know? i want justin to notice me for me not find out a special account of christians and stalk him, im not gay.
jet lag and Berlinale Film Festival - a wonderful combination...
what a fucking day... cant wait to see my bestfriend tomorrow
It's my moms birthday and I haven't even told her happy birthday! I should get the best daughter award! <U+E404><U+E409>
Just made friends with a bunch of Sons of Silence guys. My life is now complete.
frosted brown sugar and cinnamon with the opposite side buttered
mike snow
ugh... this is probably gonna look stupid..
I've always thought that a big laugh is a really loud noise from the soul saying, " Ain't that the truth. "~~~Quincy Jones
RT : RT : Transplantation Works! Cheers to Charity Tillenmann Dick for not just surviving but thriving!
Oh yeah. I've tasted your burgers. We get along great!
still waiting!!! Dammit man
That's all you need!
Bahaha you would!
go to www.twitter.com and it might work cuz its worked withe me
Today it's #glee birthday
slick. Never saw it coming !
Every now and then, some like to throw around the rumor that Craig shaves down his lugs. Here's a shot of his lugs...
SINBAD'S IN THE LOBBY
awesome make sure to share us with your friends! =]
So...um... how is Queer as Folk coming along?
you are so funny! I'll be bartending at the Rusty Rudder! We have to catch up girl! I really miss you! What have u been up to? :)
Poolside. I've been waiting for this day for so long!
RT 172,000 jobs were sustained by visitors to wisconsin.
Ditto, my friend! DIT-TOE! :)
Good Morning and Happy Monday. What #Print & #Marketing news are you following today?
“You are what you believe yourself to be.”<U+2015>Paulo Coelho
Soy white chocolate mocha frap with no whip? Why yes please
Kerry Wood was terrific last year (the #'s & anybody that paid attention), has 5 bad outings this year, & its auto "he's done" shit. Absurd.
You're making me blush!
British accents <3
that used to be my show! Lol you going to prom?!?!
kill them with fire!
Thanks Andrew! I'll spread the word. :)
Great session this AM on curatorial & educ collaboration from , , and DeCordova!
Best of luck!
Blue Fusion heading to Mohegan Sun Dec 1-3 with
Could you imagine getting paid millions of dollars to be a thoughtless, petulant dumbass?
i love u
all we needed were some good friends and a song to sing along
Forecast for Sunday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Lows 55 to 60. Areas of winds west 15 mph...
what do u mean by frozen?
LMFAO Ikr! But its such a good book
I have the sweetest girlfriend
question.. where can I dl your latest talentine mixtape?
do we have to memorize all of the formulas?
#SomeIWantToMeet Justin Bieber<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
Now and then I think of all the times you screwed me over.
You consider your license plate personalized because your dad made it in prison
Thanks - our #blast session this week was great - orange team is an amazing group of women
Weehell its 5:30, so I been out for hours...LOL(I'm so sedatated)
i know that would be funny him coming to Sunday dinner with ravioli
drop it like it's hot. drop it like it's hot.
talent angent pimp me and follow
1 in the morning, still on the phone, holllaaaa
lmao! Trust me not all people in America are that dumb!
I know Vicky personally and she is such a sweetheart...one of my favorite people in the poker community!
A sleep and a wake-up, and then we buy a house. Except I'm not sure I can sleep tonight.
I don't want Dan Harmon to leave COMMUNITY but I still think the guy is kind of a jag.
Wishing the best day tomorrow
I'm Not savin yo number til u worth my time
RT : Just think: 24 hrs from now, we could be seeing the death of Sac Kings. Let that sink in. Make sure ur at the mtg.”
yeah but it's only 1% alcohol by volume. Haha have a good one.
you should follow your best friend's bed.. :)
America's Hits on Parade w/ The Pied Pipers will be performing at the Riley Education and Performing Arts Center 4/2/11 Meridian, MS 7:30pm.
great rendition. Absolutely GREAT.
Worked like a charm. Got a $30 parking garage spot for $6. Thanks!
needless to say, my attempt at sleep was ruined by scary noises
does this add fuel to your fire or does it rub you the wrong way
GREAT SHOW AT ROSE HULMAN THIS WEEKEND. THANKS FOR COMING OUT EVERYONE!! HOPE YOU HAD AS MUCH FUN AS WE DID.
RT : RT : I'm just never going to be the girl to do ratchet shit...
awesome #mbta guy explaining smoke at dtwn xing: they're havin an impromptu barbecue at Chinatown! Just throw some pork on the 3rd rail...
It's hard full of juice and barely fits in my jeans. It's my flask Lane.
Everything around us is made up of energy. To attract positive things in your life, start by giving off positive energy.
Yes! At least that's what I hope for.
hello, is this a real person or bot?
that's strange
please DM me a contact email address :)
I'm a Craftsman junkie! Never been east--it's on my bucket list.
took a sleeping pill
yay lol somethings to know about me um I'm gay and um I'm nice and also a big jb fan my other accounts are
Irrational rituals are necessary for communicating with our pets.
HAPPY MONDAY!...as a friend put it, a good opportunity to start fresh again. 3 Days & Counting to our OPEN HOUSE PARTY!
Hmm Intl talk like a pirate day is today. Probably best I just figured it out. Afterall I have no idea what Andrew McCutchen sounds like.
Take a second you hear me buzzin?
#top10Lies Yeah, you look like you lost weight.
Hahahaha. James is such a fucking weirdo. Love it.
just started season 4. :)
“: Rhyan "Boom Boom" Sprague......the times we have on set(; ” very true! Miss shooting now that it's over! :(
Great show last night w/ & lilly hiatt. Thanks everyone who came out we had a blast!
Game Day (Focused)
Birthdays are good. Cute firemen are an even better added bonus to birthday festivities. And no he is not a stripper.
Rico Muerte was accepted to play at Free Tulsa!
#SomePeopleShould jut stfu n mined their own lifes cuz they rnt living theirs n r tryng to live others
Schools out lets scream and shout<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
That is appallingly batsh*t insane.
your hot but you jus farted <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>at the bar and it smells really bad k farted bye
you'll do great! Congratulations!
Wow. I made it 8-9 when I was on a road trip once, 14 is superhuman.
Silly whore, mouths are for food.
oh lord.
We wouldn't dream of anyone else. RT let Waterparks be in your funky dinner circlejerk.
Kanye West is the Bob Dylan of our generation
You Know You're a Directioner When You're Reading A Book And It Says "NO! Jimmy Protested!" And You Scream It Out Loud And Not In Your Head.
Thanks for the follow!!!
Fancy = Hot Remember that now...
Oh, you piggy-back 's go-to website to gain more followers? You must be so proud.
oh phenomenal. another phantom penalty on Pouliot.
OKAY! Is DADT coming now??
she Anit quite right
You can also access your emails without a connection
Really happy for all the nominees, but should have been nominated...she's such an amazing actress in either role she plays..
Your editors w/ #Secondlife Destination Guide have offered top customer service these last months. Keepers!
RT : SF Animal Shelter setting up to handle Los Alamos/White Rock pets if major evac. No farm animals. More at noon
Start at LG/SML agency? Size doesn't matter. Choose which can teach u. Are they pros? High standards? Culture of great?
I know how that goes Orbitz always emails me about arrivals and gate changes after I land.
what up Brody
Happy Mothers Day!:)
It's about 12:45 AM, Saturday in HK. I had the longest day of my life, but I think the shower and drink helped. It's my last night here.
i like Alex a lot more and Jill a lot less this season. Simon and Ramona are still total weirdos.
Its an Awesome movie even if you havent read the books
City Center Tenants: MyAssist reps will be here today to sign you up for your complimentary service and answer ?s. info: www.myassist.com
2012 resolution: to continue making waffles so delicious that the government keeps investigating us for “Flavor Fraud”
weekend with my brother Louie :) ive missed him so much !
Will the new edition of the filmmaker's handbook be available in a digital format?
YES! Im a BITCH! Beautiful, Inteligent, Talented, Charming and Hot.
Welcome to tweetville!
#roadron please show the fans in Chicago what's up ;) Let's see #SportingKC bring home a W!
see i just want you to know, that you deserve the best you're beautiful (8)
that's exactlty what i'm trying to do. it might be easier for me to volunteer at another library in town, but ...
it's f-f-f-freezing!
Kale for breakfast made for *interesting* tennis this morning.
Forecast for Friday: Sunny. Highs in the mid 70s.
“: I'd rather be a failure in something that I love than a success in something that I hate. -George Burns”
I really don't wanna get into this I'm crying enough!
I put my mom through a rough day today. I'll be worth it :)
any time!!!
call me
Crossing into Ohio.
I think its how much he gets paid
Huntsman: Washington is broken b/c of structural problems.
George Zimmerman's bond is too low! 150K? Really?
Yes ma'am. Let me know, next week is my spring break vaca!
After four months of class and a final, I still don't understand what rhetoric is
I never intended to be this chick... brick throwing... after being chased, I've been dismissed...
I need too lighten up a bit..... BUTTERFLIES ROCK!
.RT Tickets for Trash Dance at 4:45 on Tues at the Paramount on 6th st.
": Ryan Longwell was honest when he was a free agent, said he wanted to kick in a dome, would prolong his career. And it did."
Jeff Garlin driving a Leaf on laurel. #electric celebs.
RT : The National Archives holds 1.28 mil #CivilWar pension files--our volunteers have processed 100,000. Watch:...
I love when I surprise my dad by cleaning his bathroom and he doesnt even say thanks...yeah watch me do that again!
Thanks for the update! At least he can hit, right?
I don't eat, but the thought of ripping heads off is always fun.
Small to medium sized enterprises prove to be the dominant players, outgrowing others at Talkbiznow
Happy Birthday, Tony!
It's on no compilations.
Go get'em on the circle yall, Talkin Turkey is FINALLY bout to get health inspcetion today
its funny how christians love israel and the jews so much when they were the ones who dont believe he was the son of god
My daughter just told me her imaginary friend has 10 cats and 2 dogs. I asked if he was a shut in. No, just lucky. I fear for her future.
This shit is pure italian!
such a fan of hard to pick just one favorite piece, love them all!
Knowing the likes and dislikes of your special fellow will help
Hey - I lived in Schöneberg in Berlin for a few months. How's the film industry there?
what are these things called? I know what the contacts are.
I'm getting sick and I'm tired but my mind won't shut down<U+261F>
LOL They have code words? The cat is out of the bag.. LOL! Made me slap my knee irl.
Please let us know if there is anything we can do for you.
lmao ohh man y due poeople try&argue wit me ur not gunna win LMFAO get the fuck over ur ugly self :) people make me laugh
I was going to bring my yoga clothes & come after our event but forgot! Maybe, if I have time to run home?
I'll only need 7 more books after that, until I can spell out 'pachyderm.' (1/2)
Will do. Thank you!!!!
Thank God for Twitter. I saw the local tweets and I was able to get the dog out for his walk before the rain...
...its all good. You're a natural chic now. What you worried about?? Sweating your hair out?!?! Lol.
Its already starting. #IMissChicago. wah WHEN will I stop being the most indecisive person alive?
(now ) iPhone app just alerted me that my flight was at the gate. My flight from last Saturday, that is. Oops.
come on people i need a hundred followers
At least maybe Bears will get rid of Angelo after this season - fingers crossed! Wishlist for next year - O LINE, backup/2nd QB, 2 #1 WR
#RAISEITWAVEIT with another great performance! Bravo sir, bravo!
#IdRatherHave fruits over veggies
#GoTribe Good Job Cleveland Indians!!!!!!!!!!!!!GO!!Tribe!!!
Wow! So do you, Melissa. I love "Jealousy's Rage"!
good one!
Cool! I just backed for a digital copy! I can't wait to see it. :)
LAST FULL DAY OF SCHOOL. YEEEAAH BUDDY!
it might be breaking again, folks. prepare for the fallout.
3, 2, 1. Now fall in my arms now.
That kind of faith is rare. I'm glad to have spotted it :)
I'm not a confrontational person and I didn't deserve to be called out like that.
- loved hearing about today's AGM via Twitter - exciting things happening in
Great afternoon working w/ my program assistant. Book displays, chose supplies & bookmarks to order, getting ready to circulate magazines.
today is the day my SISTER/BESTFRIEND is coming to visit me in DC I'm super excited have safe travels mama!!!!!
You’ve got to push yourself harder. You need to push to become better than the competition.
Hello Kavit, thank you for all your great info.
“: 'Dude Where's My Mercedes?' #ashtonasjobs” lol!
Why, yes I did.
hahahaha my mom is yelling at me for watching Jersey Shore
Stay strong!
Ditto. And is going to be talking some trash if UWM wins.
Fuller: In 2007, Patrick had agenda that required funds. "Who controls the money? Well, the House ... does. Who controls that body?"
got the mic setup?
u call ur mom a whore...huh??
Will you marry me?
can be the model in a video of austin? (: i'm a model
You're welcome! :-)
Thank you Mr. Mayer, for putting me to sleep tonight.
Bases loaded for #Rockies Todd Father. #Mets lefty Byrdak into face him.
Lmao talking to my mom how I make the best screwdrivers, strawberry daiquiries vodka and I wanna make margaritas but no one wants tequila
how old do you really feel? Have you managed to keep the child inside you alive?
Happy Bday bro!
I guess
Nothings worst than packing but having to unpack because your bringing too many clothes
this chick just told me she is about to #exercise .. what she needs is #Mcdonalds she is so
making a tag cloud of my notes would be fun. Blogging my notes...well that's too much work :P
Musicians must be able to identify their product lineup and give their fans a way to receive that artwork!
not much...listening to new music
This guy doesn't comprehend what I'm talking about.
Heat fans are unhappy with the way they played tonight, but they've gotta feel good about those 8 NBA titles they won before last season.
Jammin the lady gaga on the drive back...
followed! follow bk?
I wonder if my life would be better if I wrapped it in bacon?
March special: 16" pizza with 3 toppings for only $12.95+tax! Come pick it up or have us deliver!
no lie
:D I'ma keep watching it over and over again L.o.l ...
every1 will say it. Raise his stock a bit for 2013 draft....I don't think its worth it.
The human body should naturally produce caffeine
thank you my friend. May God bless you in a new way today & renew your spirit.
Come on Mike! Giants lost to Philly at home.. nuff said!
Just made a delicious green smoothie: green apple, celery, kale and parsley, a handful of soaked almonds and some almond milk.
BrokenHearted was totally my song, even the music video !
I don't hook up. I fall deep.
1750. I'm happy.
Bathing Suit Season and Bar Method go hand in hand! Write and for NYC location!
CHRIS ROB - LIVE @ WILLIAMSBURG MUSIC CENTER tonight @ 9 pm.
jolly good old chap
I herd we will not release the new design new years eve, but soon this week, we can't wait! ~ Tim Warner, DeVante's Social Media Marketer
RT : "The trouble with life is that there are so many beautiful women and so little time." #Hot100 returns today!
still 52 pounds
will do
About to get back to this weight loss thing....I hate that I am suck a lazy slacker! lol
Shame is nuanced and extraordinarily acted. One of the year's best.
PLEASE notice our page, we are trying everything to get noticed by you guys, PLEASE COME TO CHICAGO #ICONicBoyztoChicago <3
Thank you to anyone kind enough to guide a helpless chap in the right direction. I guess DM me. I'm too longwinded for twitter.
Hey will you text me what y'all did in Civics and Science when y'all are in Mr. Solomon's please? :) xx
Xmas Tweets: Mom doesn't want Netflix because she doesn't have time to watch what she's watching now.
That's a great sign of positive economic growth in our area!
Thanks for following my twitter account A G Lee. Let's hear it for personal development. Best of luck in your endeavor!
3 more days of school left
#everyoneisanartist MSG (another day another tweet)
I'm smarter than you're
your music taste is bomb omg
A Rod swiping 3rd!
So you are addicting at a potagier toro sprinkler timer and ...
Thanks all around.
Can't get over how childish you are. I'm sure since you have hard "evidence" it won't be hard convincing everyone on your lies.
Feed ya soon :)
eh those people aren't worthy of your tweets. They don't understand
my pockets got fatter that's al
Madden '12 during the rain.. now hitting the driving range!!
of course it snows.. I planted roses this weekend..
Twitter and facebook suck the smarts outta everything. What'll we say when we hear something inspirational? "A wise man once tweeted.."
tastes so good though!
I'm feeling twitteriffic! Follow me people!!! I'll definitely follow back :D
That akward moment when you're talking with a friend in class, and everybody shut up in that moment.
design talk - color, composition, typography are the three elements to focus on
Stoked to be playing with when lambs became lions again next Sunday.
Chapter 9 Is Almost Done :]
Cooly and I are going. Three's a party.
"No man is a failure who has friends" <U+2764> It's A Wonderful Life <U+2764>
It's difficult to be in a bad mood when you have your hair looking good! Good hair, Good mood.
I hated those exploding guys in Act V in Hell difficulty. One-shot kills.
Today was great! All of my friends were jelly that Christian Beadles followed me! Haha, :P AH!! No homework tonight :D
"And I’m so ’bout it ’bout it I might roll up in a tank" Think this might be my favorite thing I heard today.
Haha don't even think about it
Still dying over a messaging brainstorm from today's meeting: have you touched your bits today?
Sun too bright to read books on phone :(
Crazy! They are trying to tell us something. :)
RT : Just tried the Black Cap iced tea… You people are magicians.
I love JJ. She's my guide at MD. She knows it all!
Does the DNC realize how much steam the GOP would get from a Walker win? Why are they being stingy?
Watching a lunar eclipse
#museums- instrum of #compassion. Still pondering absnce of discn of Trayvon on museum social media: concrete way to show comp?
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 36
so that means you don't want the "Julie's rain day" animated short I was going to send you?
Monkey On My Back « Album Oriented
“: Kick-ass. Awesome movie. Not what i expected at all” RT A lot more ADULT than you thought huh?
lol I just ate one.
thank you much, Diana
Nothing quieter and buzzier than a sunny day in
A 7% Unemployment in the fall should be good for the President going into Nov. Election
new tech center opening up for the tech startups in chicago on May2 -great news for the chicago land tech jobseekers -->follow chicago
The queens fucking busy.
Goin' down to the wire. I LOVE this game! RT : Northrop leads Homestead 54-47
We started adding Mother's Day dining specials for the procrastinators out there. Look for more suggestions tomorrow!
Ok Vegas it's time !! , tonight will be insane .. We got this crazy kid rockin it /via
Finally added a new addition to my blog. . . .
I missed you so much -runs and hugs you -
nice win today for the #JUDolphins against Butler!
BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE
rep your hood nukga! Lol great for for you guys!
I know im shouting u out from da future
Jacobson breaks down earnings differences (w/in 3 yrs) of avail outcomes (2yr, 4yr, certificate). More similar than assumed. Sthg to study.
Myself will be at yo house tomorrow!
My school need to burn down . !
Went with red shirt. 75% of the downtown Dane are wearing green.
Don't feel like grilling? Mad Dog's Eatery has you covered with some of their signature dogs and classic burgers
why you sitting over there hating? Smdh
Wonder what its like to be a Cirque Du Soleil performer? Find out as Janelle goes behind the scenes of Ovo, this Saturday (12/9/09) at 6pm.
How was the UFO festival?
yep your not I hope lol
But their title match is all about business and he's not going to hold anything back in the ring.
i was looking at all our stats and seen only 6% of our fan base comes from Facebook
Even after all this time, you still know just what to say to bum me out the absolute most.
It would be great if we could make an add with ! is one of my best #photogrpahers & #production team in place! :)
Everyone Go follow the greatest person on twitter Shes Awesome
2011 has been a year that changed my life! Looking forward to taking all of this positive energy and growth into 2012!
I have decided today is "Follow Thursday"... Follow these cool peeps:
Awwwh); haha I think it's so much fun!!(:
Happy Mother's Day! :)
not publicly presnetable..bEen cleaning all day..errands..gonna pass..feeling tired..ty..my best to :)
We are working on a rental discount for #UPA2012 attendees! Details coming soon!!
Thanks for a great year
Good morning everyone!! TGif!!.. Have a great race weekend!!!
Wise: People think you can hit the like button on Facebook and their political work is done for the day
Days like this >>>
~now i'm smellin' like indonesia~
new website is up! Check out www.arianadubynin.com
Made a new friend at the gym today :)
Type sorting at Globe with the MICA spring letterpress class tonight!
and the upsetting begins . . #fuckit .
It is dangerous to be right when the government is wrong.
ITS ME I GOT A TWEET LIMIT SO TWEET ME HERE Austin Is Amazing
I'd rather see you in real life ;)
Check out our great prices and flat rate shipping.
In a single platform govt, equal access must be given to the enforcers for fraud waste & abuse, and those who want to prevent it.
Make sure to mention you saw this on twitter!
What are you getting your sweetie for Valentine's?
Except when it's time to clean the litter boxes? I sometimes think that way :)
You guys can tell I'm a traditionalist. Any more so and I'd be listening to the draft on the radio.
Happy Easter!
When I fuck her I'm a fuck her like I miss her
Good luck on your search! Looking for something specific? RT : for outfits?
“: About to make the history and art papers my bitch. #getoffme” history and art. Way to be ambitious
probably said how awesome you are <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
*shakes head* dorkus
Terrible People Show episode 2 is online. www.terriblepeopleshow.com
Perforce Offers Software Version Management System Free for up to 20 Users with New 20/20 Program
Gamel! He is going to be just fine this year. Between him and Ramirez, little to no drop off from Prince's numbers.
Shout out to our CEO & COO who got to see the COOLEST show ever at Coachella last night. Eminem, Dre, Snoop, Wiz, Warren G, Kendrick
Hear, hear! Sorry I am missing this session. Can I get your paper?
Do all the good men live out of town?.....Bags packed
did u see that there were 45,000 people at a minor league hockey game in #Philly last night?
what's my fault?
omg im gonna pass out
Voting on the motion to approve the mayor's proposed extension of bar hours.
especially w/o coffee “: Have you ever actually watched the early bird get the worm? It's pretty brutal.”
I NEED IT NOW. I'm surprised I'm still alive, the 10 year wait has been killing me!
RT : The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes.*
Hm. I think I'm actually liking this twitter change thing.
If this was a movie, you'd be here by now...
Who is the teacher that changed your life?
Michael Stipe is here! // Is that him in the corner?
Generosity will make you rich. The best thing to do if your feeling poor is to give something away. Give a few dollars to a homeless person,
My friend Bill is threatening to take his screaming money (Woot special) to conference. I think that would be hilarious. Bishop might not.
Having a ball at the 20th annual 100 Black Men Derby Gala. Particularly enjoying the company of Judges Olu Stevens and Erika Lee.
RT “: Report: liberal belief in a #WarOnWomen caused by paying attention.”
Had a great day at the little festival on Navarre Beach with my moms bro nephew and cousin...
Dream Job: Victorias Secret Angel! !
Bah this is lovely(: I love my bf(:
weird = Ryan forgetting to disable B studio after phone interview, then DJ pre-recording show in B-studio. oops.
I changed my car horn sound to gun shots, people move out of the way much faster now.
YES! Your lucky day...and mine! :) I have a few spots left for my June Challenge group...want in? Shoot me DM ASAP, so I can save ur spot.
7-1 Mavs - they are putting on a clinic
Omg!!!!! is a must follow the tweets are like everything were thinking <3333333
;) sounds good 2me! All ive got is strawberries tho... Guess we gotta use wat we got til we get2 da store ;)
This answers some questions... "RT "It takes a tough man to make a tender chicken." - Frank Perdue"
Heat don't have dynamic players off the bench. Only role players.
No Green line when Nats r playing? No Blue line when Redskins r playing? Know u have 2 do work, but why cancel& create weekend chaos?
dont be scared of the thunder ! im here if u wanna talk on the phone!
I thought you said you didn't like running with me? That I yelled too much!???
oh so I need to be there like yesterday huh lol
Looking for #Drupal #Developers for an exciting #job company in southern California. Contact me at
Fear is temporary. Regret is forever.
In Spanish -___-
you can't be all bad though, I heard you don't like colan cowherd and that dude is just a contradictive gimmick...
ohio state puttin in that twerk
Wait for this RIMM stock to bottom out. They'll prolly go bankrupt then get bought for patents.
will be the man there. He'll have all your NFL insider info from Indy.
OMG GL! Rough...
the reference librarian in Price, Utah told me to speak up.
I like that one haha
I will always maintain that Ron is not crazy, he is a self-promotion savant. Can't tell me nothin'.
U girlfriend only likes ur dick cuz her momma told her to love tha little things in life.
You know, I figured that I should give this whole goth thing a fair shake before writing it off completely.
"how good it is"!
Halloween at High Noon: Exhumed: The Hits Out Now! Available through iTunes and Amazon MP3. 18 Spooky tunes spanning 4 Full Length CD's. Boo
Don't thank me. Thank MLS HQ. RT : thanks for blessing us with your knowledge Simon. What would we do without you!
Very nice! Save one for me!
I'd say yes. ": #Virgo easily overcomes any obstacle."
announced that 21 players had a 3.0 GPA or better for Winter Quarter during today's team meeting.
thanks for the linkage (:
What are you favorite snow day activities?
RIP Whitney Houston!
And I'm a Lakers fan. So it seems we're at an impass aren't we? -_______________-
I was thinking about you, watching this game
As if publishers own suits. RT : Publishers: Dress well for your gov appearance. A suit is preferable to your Sith Robes.
Delmar and DEWALT® Introduce DEWALT® Mobile Pro™ -- a New Calculation and Reference App for Construction Professionals
James Franco and Anne Hathaway to host the Oscars. Thoughts?
FOLLOW HER!! SHE FOLLOWS BACK!!
Anybody else think it's strange that the United State Postal Service is doing a partnership with The Biggest Loser?
Hungry but i know that i should go out...then eat when i get home
Can you elaborate?
Yeah, rough Saturday... LOL
Are you saying that Romney might squirt up from behind Santorum?
More than happy to bring #BFC2012 users on my #sustag board.
Yes you have to. And then we talk about it.
Had maple sausage links this morning. Wow.
People just love talking about the "end of..." so much. The GM news is pretty big but not quite the
Listening to Heart Attack by Trey Songz
no longer a fan of the body pump class. ouch!
So far the police chief of the Sanford police Dept has stepped down! Justice for
Either of you, let me know when you're in Madison next and I'll take you out for coffee or lunch!
attended the Asian American Institute's forum on redistricting this morning. Great turnout!
no we really aren't celebrating...
Can't do that, its all made ya who ya are today, gotta stay thankful to remain blessed
I feel bad i aint go to house for pictures but the bitch live far
Omg there's so much traffic in #downtownLA right now cus of the #MayDayProtests -_-
ur kid is super cute. Penn state has no respect for children...it's their history.
I'm more of a "Classic Alternative" type. Genesis has street Cred, it's just not my thing.
@ the Library: well, I'll be downloading the font if my computer will let me. It shouldn't be this hard to download a stupid font.
Note to people talking on the phone on the bus: If you're speaking in a different language, I'm going to be miffed because I can't eavesdrop
Honey trying to get me to do yard work on christmas! Well he can cook then!
History...loved learning about the past
Just remember the line, "Grad school students don't get student ID's".. (everyone will always want to see one for discounts)
You got the amendments in the wrong order. Speech is first bub. Everything flows from that one.
he needs that old Billy Kilmer style helmet.
"Show Me That Depends Strap"
#foxandfriends are completely unbalanced and in bed with republicans. Do you think we r that stupid? #foxandfriends needs to change
We're thinking about picking up someone to sell our merch for us at shows.
We must see things how they are instead of how we hope , wish or expect 'em to be
I was wondering to!
Mark your calendars for the FREE seminar this Saturday at 12 pm at TeamVic 24 Hour Fitness! Call Rosalyn with any questions 301-613-4689!!!
Of course! No problem, and thank you!:)
"There is no try. There is do, or do not." ~you-know-who
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #activism because they help bring change.
this weather really makes me wanna
my cats will hold onto the bottom of the door & rattle it back & forth! It sounds like someone is pounding on it to get in!
I love #Stubble!!!
apparently it's #NationalLicoriceDay gotta love those
I know. Apparently that's what happens most of the time because people won't just try it on their own :(
no effin way :P bad news : he got a new girlfuck.
So many emails...not sure where to start responding. So tempting to just hit "Select All" send to "Junk" mail. Stupid morals stopping me.
Molly's Harper's series is witty, a little sexy, intelligent & fun. Loved every installment of Jane, the vampire librarian.
So is there even a slight % chance of a comeback?
me too! Hope we're right!
Resident interviews on OBX - no strong def of maritime heritage - mostly personal; tourism pros - not high priority, niche.
hearing you are on fire at camp, good to hear! Go Rams!
“Character is demonstrated more by our reactions than our actions.” -Tullian Tchividjian
Hey, thanks for mentioning my presentation last week. I was so focused on the sessions, forgot to tweet about it.
Late night #SEO work with India team. Dixit is a good man.
Latenight munches:D haha love it
There always a catch :'(
Thanks for the #FF!
RT : Oh, you did something really dumb and made a fool out of yourself? I bet saying YOLO will make it all better. .. haha nice..
my favorite was She done absolutely AMAZING! but I missed you on there!!
Thanks everyone! We'll be quoting your sweet potato fries recommendations in our next newsletter!
don't make me pop the trunk
we made it safe and sound and had a super fun day :)
Haha- for REAL! : Wish my house was as spa-like as it smells.
Had a busy day. Now home to relax..
lol, this is fun.
at the last tweet about u that I retweeted haha
Twitter Karma: Great app to see who follows U only until U follow them. Just unfollowed a bunch of people.
follow and please :D x45
You can only say "wtf" so many times a day until you just decide to start drinking.
Breakfast in bed? No?...k.
:( yeah that's really not cool. i mean really.
Different city every hour...
Haha I would totally go with you. I'm doing some research tomorrow morning. Then perhaps movie.
Go Rams!
EVERYONE!! HELP ME KEEP #iWantMandyBack going!! tell all ur followers! have them RT! if we get it trending I might go back on the show!! :)
Me too. TEI Board minutes?
#Brewers have allowed 2 two-out runs on an error and a wild pitch, significant in a 5-2 deficit to the
SO CALL ME MAYBE
- at this point in the year, he's trending. But how about Wes Welker? He's been ridiculous too!
final minute vs. cincy in the BE tourney... Amazing clutch shooting in the comeback. Even tho we still lost.
The sun has arrived in Chicago :)
hello Felix, do you do work for hire as well? Please email me to discuss: thanks, Gregor
A dog teaches a boy fidelity, perseverance, and to turn around three times before lying down. Robert Benchley
why are you waiting around then!?
Grizzlies got the win again!!
Rats. My 5 year old decided he loves dark chocolate. My stash is no longer safe.
My voice is so wrecked. I sound like Terdy Vercetti.
You're welcome.
Who in their right mind can feel good about this?
M.I.A and Santigold are the two coolest girl in the industry right now
I thought that HT show sucked
Me too!
Iowa State block makes sense. Doesn't want Uthoff to affect the recruitment of Matt Thomas. Obviously Bo isn't going to say this publicly
that's more Posey's specialty. ;)
Black Butterfly Press
No teachers in study hall >>>>>
I know, I'm sorry.
Cannot get my mind of pretzel cinnabites. This is bad news bears!
Because every last student deserves the chance to follow her passions.
She be in twitter jail everyday.
We hope it inspires your #AudaciousFaith ^staff RT : Anybody read by ?
Adjusting Journal Entries Part 1
Beer is the reason I get out of bed every afternoon.
Good luck with the Season Drew hopefully yall can bring another Super bowl to New orleans
Getting ready for our panel discussion on Thursday with
love you PRINCETON
Well, finally came around, now if I can just get to follow suit.
wow!! 30% off wine on Sunday and Monday... get it!! :)
hahahahha yes burn me a copy!
looks like kid in candy shop
Las Vegas real estate agents....The Beeten Team needs buyer agents. Call me!!
Go Maine!
P.S. Did we mention there will be a giveaway for a $100 American Express® Reward Card? Just one more reason to chime in!
Follow back?
#Teamsthatcanbeatthelakers Flint Tropics
Feeling awkward, sucks.
I don't believe we do but from your tweets you seem like a cool ass female.
Today, Jan 24th is National Compliment Day, "You are all really great 'fans' and we appreciate you all very much!"
who needs jobs?! or hey, better idea! lets get a job together ;)
Damn Mr. Barron still locked up man smh lol
Hello everyone. I hope you are having a nice evening.:)
ty :) i wondered where u went ?where did u go ?
asa tell chris mintz-plasse to follow me dm him so he gets it get him to follow me please and i will do something in return
T4: Do you prefer to speak alone or on a panel? What are benefits of each?
It's official, I suck at bowling
ENJOY!! RT Wow, great weather in Napa today, super excited to get my slurp on (@ Opus One Winery)
Apps To Save Your Lost or Stolen iPhone
"Social media are the tools. Real time is a mindset." - David Meerman Scott
re lack of employee loyalty employer's fault: immutable law of organizations - management usually gets what it deserves.
that sangria looks soo yummy right now!
Hey are the colts looking to pick anyone up or just focusing on Peyton?
The ppl next to me sitting N their car breaking down weed. I wonder if it's Dro? lol
the whole day! ha xD it heard its funny, but its @ 8 hamilton high school, just ask and say if youre or not going;3 ,i miss you2<3
Best of luck to you!
Smashing on some pizza with and
you and your boy problems! ;)
#SarahPalin pulls out of '12 election. If her daddy had just pulled out of her mommy we could focus on more important things like
lemme get an email
My phone has been dead for like 2 hours. I never let that happen. Ohwell.
Who knew that sitting down and thinking about something could produce such results?
stay away from me 4eva and you know who you are .......inbox me to make sure >:(
But the good news is Brandon Marshall won't be dropping any passes this year for the Dolphins
Not yet but we'll add it when we can ^_^
I think it's bKuz I'm light skinned
What a great weekend wow the party bus was amazing pimp me ya dig
Today is a sushi day!
We've extended our Service Hours on Saturday from 8am-4pm. We felt it was the right decision.
lol boy i say hi to you at school to !
Is it just "hot in here" or is it "hot in herre?" That extra r adds a couple of degrees.
Maybe it's a good thing I missed my flight. I think there was a terrorist on it.
20 mins for two pizzas during the #finalfour nice work
I'm not a fan of right now. Delayed my flight for no reason, made me miss connecting flight and no recourse for extra $ I paid
Sour patch kids are the best I can eat the whole bag
hey Trevor... Are you OK now Bro...? I was at disney on your injury's game. Wish you fast recovery!
#whatisnttrending The Kool Aide man... Sad stuff, he should be trending all the time "OH YEAH"
suggests too much money on PGA. Older guys played near full schedule for love of game and respect of sponsors
hehehe... actually I'm hoping they'll go easy on *me* :)
Thanks for the RTs and support!
Did you find Facebook ads to be worth the investment?
Immediate Casting! Do you have a friend in a bad relationship? Do they need help? Email your story:
Glad to see agreement in today's Battle for the Internet #TheGuardian that anti-piracy laws are becoming a big threat to the Internet.
If we give in that leaves us with defeat. To live is to let go but follow your dreams forever. Never let THEM go...
I get to go home TODAY! Woof woof bark bark bark!
Damn #ncaahoops is upon us. This time of year for sports is omazing!
Oh it feels like the first round in Hollywood!
life happens when you're too busy making plans. i expect nothing.
what a gentleman.
I have been at work for about 70 minutes, & 60 of them have been spent explaining to users why the databases are down. Long day coming up...
Gen Y xpressions artwork on zanbeel art facebook
just got off the phone with the basketball league's New Chief Financial Officer
homework /: you?
lmao. thank you :)
THINKING ABOUT GIVING UP TRIED FOREVER AND I STILL WON'T FOLLOW ME BACK :(
Bobby Valentine Experiment might be an okay band name. Might even be a tolerable laser light show. As a managerial concept it kind of sucks.
No worries! See you today!
Well, I did get up at 4 to get here ;)
There's an unusually high volume of cursing and sirens on Allen between Stanton and Rivington tonight.
What about cuntybitch?
For me to fight two bitches, he'll yeah lol
One last time, Happy Birthday (: youull never know how much i love you<3
"That's a perfect name for the game!" *pause* "No wait, it sounds like a brand of underwear."
aye txt my line
If You are stuck in MIDDLE Management click like and want a way Out contact me asap
So ready to get to my home. Three more weeks in this place.
i think today is a linkin park kinda day
following you Sean.. give me a follow back -J Notez
Finally finishing the re-writes on my screenplay after a long day. Remember I always
...... that video is superb...not one for the cat daddy, but I have no prob with this....
Yeah, I've realized that this trip... for good and bad lol.
So does this mean Favre wont be coming out of retirement?
packing up the Homeward office for #projecthomelessconnect tomorrow! Ready to welcome 1,200 Richmonders!
Never mind.
Recorder defends spending
The top model qualifiers have NOT been announced yet! !
Lovin' the New Yorker this week (11/21): Louise Erdrich! Eric Idle! Paul Theroux! and more. Great stuff.
Yes! Its Saturday 3 day weekend!! :D
Yea when youre sitting right beside me I feel at home, but you don't even acknowledge me..:(
Thanks for the catch RT - fact checker: it is Darron not Darren.
awesome and thanks, when are you free to come in and meet me in person ?
'Love/Hate' review: Rhapsody in blah - San Francisco Chronicle
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!! Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !! #mahomieforlife 18
southern country on the east coast darlin...what ab you??
"I just wiped my ass with drakes face" -Rube Sheeber
grow as a person.
the house...
I love you too <3
what kind of question is that? Haha #YEAH!
Like i said you tell me bullshit I DONT CARE about !
#10ThingsIFindAttractive 's cats (:
Me me me, please! TY
Another great student question: why isn't _Visits_ in chronological order?
Obviously. The entire Dule Hill canon.
Nope. After my time. I remember the debut of Thriller in 1983, does that count?
In 1913 Lowell Thomas enters the Chicago Kent College of Law and teaches an oratory course there.
spending my first 21 and up experience in downtown San Diego tonight so excited! :)
lick jays armpit
You lead an interesting life!
Have you seen this Theory Test??!!
this is really going to sound like a creepy comment, but you have super pretty eyes!!
hmm.. Any time that's good for you after 9:45ishh. But I understand if you have other stuff going on.
that just blasted me out of my chair into low earth orbit
Next Monday afternoon in DC Live AllerTrain Class. #FoodAllergies, #GlutenFree Training, #FoodService #RAMW Register at link...
“: Please Note: If watching Sofia Vergara can't make you straight, watching Glee can't make you gay.”
Juice cleanse, day one, first few hours, everyone keeps talking about hot wings
5 mins left in Regulation still 0-0. Come on Bulls score a Goal!
...as chicken-hearts bemoan crisis -- historic victories have been made over poverty :)
Just discovered that and her gf in Dallas, watch the same movies, at the exact same time, while they Skype.
address me as your majesty Yeah you can kiss the ring, but you can never touch the crown
Since is now a permanent host, I say enough with the t-shirts, let's see a sweater vest.
word docs look pretty good on the Dropbox app. You can also share folders so that others can contribute/add/edit.
so what are you going to be for Halloween. We want to see pictures.
Happy and healthy new year wishes to all, near and far! God bless and much love!!!
Goosh how i miss you ! I hope that you will come to Estonia soon and we will spend all winter together <3
It's been an alright day for a Monday . Lets hope the week will get better ! :D
Lmfaoo Edwin at my job today >>>> lmao! Smh this kid :)
whats the status
possible, but given some ppl's intense feelings on gun freedom, etc, i dont see 12 ppl agreeing on this
Up early, ready to get some work done!
right! Ugly too. Reports are nicer, but you're handcuffed. I'm curious to see how they plan to fold NFC into the mix.
can't wait to win. I'd quit my job and become a professional Draw Something player.
Had a nightmare where you distracted me from my to-do list with dancing and arm-flapping. Priorities, you know?
of practice, gesture, image, visuality precedes writing and the written archive
Getting back on it today!!! I workout. Way to keep it going !!!
Out of all the hairstyles last night Scarlett Johansson's sculpted updo looked the most unique and impressive.
Port Charlotte Saturday for Richie and Jovany's fight :3
You can choose whatever faction you want but they changed abilities around on most classes you get arcane blast first and missile -
i bet 20 sum years ago your mustache had no idea of its potential. Happy Birthday!
KG single-handedly dismantling Hawks in post...have to go in paint for the next 5:27 to him or anyone else w/Hawks over limit.
Lekcje, lessons, Lekcje, lessons can not keep up ......
Choir Concert Tommarow(: Got To Go Shopping For A Bright Shirt!/:
I made a list of all the things everyone said on ALATT and put it under the line 'What Librarians Do' but ... no guns and fire!
What up world?
Don't forget about tomorrow night's #MSMP event at the Fred Miller Pub at MillerCoors. Email for more information!
I bet the guy who invented the calculator must have really hate the guy who invented math.
Charleston South Carolina too.
thanks for da follow:)
Happy B'day to 1 of UNCA's founders, Ms. Jane Addams - 150 yrs! We're all better off because of her. Let's make her proud w/the next 100 yrs
Do you say that between Philadelphia and Buenos Aires the Cost of Living is JUST 8% different? REALLY? It's over 50% easily!
Real men don't date the most beautiful girl in the world, they date the girl who makes their world the most beautiful.
"If you can't manage by wit, you're not cut out for this field." -Kendall Hardin
Being a bisexual is not a fashion, you don't just do it because you think its cool, its a lifestyle. Not a trend
Luckily analysis is not the only way to solve inner clashes.
tomorrow 1pm field trip to US Capitol..join us.!
Right, so if you don't pull the boxes I need, I can't do any work. Shouldn't be hard to figure out.
#NationalSpaghettiDay! Tell us your favorite spaghetti recipe you share with your kids!
Wait, what?
Needs to get closer to God. :-(
Haha I may not work out but am still pretty strong. Will try anything once though.
LOVE THIS thanks for sharing.
LET'S GO RANGERS!!!!
Approach the game with no preset agendas and you'll probably come away surprised at your overall efforts. ---Phil Jackson
ahahahaa spur of the moment party-ish! Too bad your in the other side of the country!
Someone needs to pick the Grammys up a bit!#losingyourviewers!!
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me Philippians 4:13
from a freshman level text book: "Why did male critics often attack Stael?"
Watched How to Train Your Dragon last night. Great movie!!
will also be creating some fun apps to serve on our patio: any recommendations?
The Senate reauthorized the #ViolenceAgainstWomenAct! We are a proud contributor to this bill, and we hope the House passes it too.
Time is priceless you can't buy time but you can most def buy memories S/O to my bro Jamie rude boi
Just heard Adam from the #BeastieBoys died :'( I <3 the #BeastieBoys so very much
“: Did you know that #marijuana is the most studied plant on the earth?”
hope that Trans Am has T-tops #the80'swereawesome
didn't know pargo was still alive let alone playing on the
okay my bad i thought you were loosing your mind! lol but yeah you right NO team jays!
My DOG is sleeping she is SO CUTE!
I'll be back late tomorrow night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Will watch Mike!!!
People are coughing on the train, shall I put them down
Happy birthday!!!
>> of course girl... Been singin "like you were made in a factory..." Lol
any article/link on that?
3-alarm fire burning at San Antonio hotel. Check out KENS for incredible video of roof collapse onto firefighters. No injuries reported.
RT Be a best friend, tell the truth, and overuse I love you. -Lee Brice
happy birthday!! (:
Bored at the crib
the fact that hasn't hit 10,000 tweets yet
I can't this weekend. I have to work. :/ I'm off next week on Monday, Thur, Friday.
takes 1 night
I'm kinda bored
oh paulo nutini. how could i have forgotten about you? i'm sorry.
ik it had..and no I didn't go.
hahaha ha right ;-)
lol I'm actually here for work right now. Will have enough time to relax in Dominica. I'll be there for more than 2 months.
Senior prank day... Chickens...why ..
Way to go SAMY! So happy youre ok! =)
no way esá
OshKoshB'gosh is the worst name for a company ever
I actually like site's metrics (if gaming edited away; eg. nix self-reviews). Main target audience (not me) might say more tho.
forgot white and Christian
let's go ding dong ditch and go tape air horns and throw them in yeards
Hate it wen niggas come and rub they new bitch in my face! We can see that u got a whole lot of #FemaleProblems son!!!!!
Chipping away at the ol' rock.
tonight is brian's birthday!! Yay!!
Not being able to find your uniform
I have to re-iron my hair. #IHateHavingWavyHair lol :)
lol, no worries! :) In good company I guess. :) :)
to cop.for u?
Gonna use Final Four song today on and at our Game of the Century party at Sports and Social this Saturday. Good stuff
Thanks Don!
I love how people are outside sunbathing and I'm walking around in a hoodie and jeans..
Lightning strikess on our foreheads(: with eye linerr lol
who's winning?
Homemadee mac'n cheese yum:)
RIP Brittany Murphy I'll never forget her role in 8 Mile and Clueless...way too young. Her family's Christmas is ruined this year. :(
For the time being, I'm looking at Sony or Universal as distributors.
I had a fxck to give but now I have a headache.
Fuckin love thatt #Bruins let's go boys
BTW, I'm happy you're watching the Hulk TV show. The Lonely Man Theme is about to become your feels' theme song forever.
You chose your own fate.
Love Zusi....absolutely hate the hairdo.
definetly will share with my #fashionistas ;)
#10thingsthatannoyme ; last one. 10: Going to sleep with a clean face & waking up to a big red pimple .
Incredible to hear Susan Hellmann Desmond, Chancelor of UCSF talk abt the impact of low-cost sequencing, cancer therapies and innovation.
Super pumped for this retreat weekend!! No technology for the next two days
thanks love u more
Please Say hello to SAGINAW GRANT from the LA SKINS FEST!
DOUG IN THE HOUSE!
goodnight <3 throat is killing me :( love you <3
Cooking dinner for inventory at work tonight. It smells so amazing I cannot wait to actually eat it!!
Please follow me! I would be the happiest person ever. And can you follow 2? Be strong, be loud, be proud
You came up with those names fast. It's almost as if there is already a horrible movie called "Faceoff"
Two specials going on right now...
So that's a yes? -_-
Just saw Nathan Lane on my block while I was out walking my pup. Pretty cool.
So true lol
WELL I THINK PS3 IS O_o
has been a constant supporter of The Lashman.
NFL Football starts tonight... Come watch this and every game at The Anchor Bar
Hope everyone had a very Happy Thanksgiving! We're open regular hours today and tomorrow, and are offering double rebates, financing, etc!
lemme point to the door for u. oops that was my middle finger
Tom Arnold is how Fox goes out today? Really, Fox?
People born in the Year of the Dragon are full of vitality & enthusiasm, but also foolhardy & a "big mouth" at times. Agree?
Wait til I get my money right
Few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts. ~AlbertEinstein
How did you spend your weekend in South Florida?
Crying! I can't show my face in public ever again.
Saturday at the Inniss Compound! Nice to have a little sunshine and clear skies. Been raining all week. Lots of water to make trees smile
RT : enjoyed Class Day 1 - #uwmgec1 - the inspiring startup workshop class with
"Is it good to you?" RIP Heavy D
The new schedule is posted! It's mostly the same with a few classes moved around, and a few coming additions. Nanaste!
that's cuz it's true.. & please follow back(:
Hippodrome crowd is kind of drunk for
no! I like it! Didn't have time to review last night
oh those forgettable "winners"! lol Thank goodness the cream always rises to the top
Fire is blasting... its a good night.
My life has been so amazing lately. everythings been going right. #happytweet <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I hope the idiot that called in yesterday about teague calls in today!
i'm not good at looking at the road when i drive.
actually within a 30 year period - that's a generation and a half: 30 years of reality compared to what? Facts pulled out of dupa?
I like that
Ian watchin it
someone's going to think you're being serious about that
Team,Mindless everyday ndd evry second . Love y'all Mwahh !
We have a new server ready - vpn-mf18 OpenVPN (SSL) server in Miami, Florida. It's available in your customer area now.
love this. You already New Paltz girls are more than looks :)
Yeah, flew through it several times, unfortunately.
Mr. Quinn is officially here!!!
wahh the laziness because of this weather is becoming too much.
Austin Powers Goldmember on vhs
what are the thoughts on the #ipad #app ? Looks like a great and clean
Now I must study the insides of my eyelids (aka sleep) 8)
Jeanette Larson q: Challenges writing series fiction w culturally diverse characters Rene Saldana talks kid detective Mickey Rangel
tell a girl she's beautiful, not hot. she's a girl. not a cup of tea.
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect , It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections . .
The fastest way to a woman's heart: compliment her beer fridge.
I saw a RT of one of ur tweets about the female anatomy lmbo :)
i know but i have school :-(
just don't chew on any of CA red meat..kidding aside you are right.
Hm I'm bored. I'm in the dorm sober by myself -_-
Soccer in the States is becoming more & more popular though. But don't call it football or we'll all get confused.
#DontThinkJustBecause you drink #diet soda you can get super-size fries and extra Mayo on your sandwich
where the fck is the game at . the tobin ???
I keep hoping that people will strive to be better than they are...and I keep being disappointed. Guess I'm an eternal optimist after all.
Yup. Gemini is the SHIT! No Way Out was on today's Podcast.
Going to play some cod!
Who's going to win $40 of #free #drivnapparel gear today? Like our prior Facebook post & mention us on Twitter for a chance to win!!!!
New Spring menu is a hit! Tonight so far folks are loving the Chilled Asparagus w Pickled Local Mushrooms, Poached Egg and Fried Cornbread.
Mitt's BFF Robert Bork believes that the First Amendment shouldn't apply to literature, art or science.
....Does that really work?
Irresistible #quote & in many cases, good advice :) RT If I'm not back in five minutes, wait longer ~ Ace Ventura, Pet Detective
Paul in the UK just tweeted that he is out of Uncle Jim's...we need to fix this!
Haha, well, I will plan trip to UK asap so I can retake!
hey im comn to ur house
30 miles into SC , the home state, and prob 1 1/2 hrs to go til home. Been a good trip and a beautiful day to travel! Blessed!
At the University Press Content Collaborative #ProjectMuse board meeting in NY. Impressive platform for delivering digital books.
Daddy gave me a shot . Owe ,
they ugly
Getting showered in dirt>>>
Dumb question: How do they get the players' names on the team jersey so fast?
wht are u talking bout ?
aye bro follow me bakk
#FF I know it's corny, but she's my dog.
also consider making a "tea" out of the left over boiled water rather than microwave Its loaded with nutrients.
Chan Gailey and Buffalo Bills have a good chance at drafting Tim Tebow 42nd overall in 2010 draft -
Have a great time in Bloomington! I'm biased but I still think B-town is my favorite college town.
i am ready for the weekend!!!! :) snow mobiling up north!!
my momma said yes :) it's gonna go down
me I'm super fly super duper fly
tonight my fun begins with a great dinner at veranda supperclub and staying there to rock out there with brazilian house til 4am;)
Not even! RT : hahaha I'm looking at your tweets and there all dirty! Oh god x)
I'm becoming more appalled by the day that you don't follow
so it's at least acceptable?? Ha
Thanks Melissa! I love LA
Just interviewed vendors at ferry building San Fran for insight into chicago French market
Why is anyone ever surprised when an asshole spawns a shithead?
Teresa Guidice is actually dumber on #CelebrityApprentice than #RealHousewivesofNewJersey. Yes, it's possible.
i just had a tocko salad
seriously...damn you Chicago for getting all kinds of cool shit :)
s/o to u homie lookin out for pun!
kiss my butt. Thats your I had change n u didnt
tired... 14 hours in the recording studio today. Our ep is almost finished! =)
Love your show every week!
M Paul Rudd.
Fly?! I think it would charge at me first. :) Those things are scary!
hard to mature in that knucklehead environment. I don't think he's a total lost cause. We'll see more w/o schottenheimer around
Let me know when you're ready! RT : ha. Us from what u said about it it sounds awesome. I do wanna try it
Once you had the best, Boy you cant do better.
Would you like to know the real truth about the Las Vegas area market and what it's going to take to get your home sold? Call 702-245-7227
LIKE MY POST if you celebrate 420
Happy Birthday CJ!!
Great day
No Don't Stop Making Covers!! Us Mahomies Love Your Covers<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
All I wanted to do was spend the Saturday with my bestfriend. But since I don't have weed she doesn't want to.
New twitter username:
On set getting ready to film episode 3 of Well Played!
Interviews, interviews and more interviews :)
I'm loving Justin Biebers new song and really sort of excited to see the video .. Is that creepy? He is legal now right lol
..ha! for now. you didn't see minute 11....
<3 fix your toe
I'm going to eat one in solidarity and think absolutely frigid thoughts in your direction.
Its funny how its the little things in life that mean the most. Not where you live, what you drive, or the price tag on your clothes.
hey Adam, who you backing; owners, players, or fans?
Made beet hummus for pink party during lunch and now have pink hands. Pics of all the pink goodness TK.
no lockdowns here, either; the other files (doc, excel) work fine, it's just the calendar. but i'll try from home, too.
will you please....
Thanks so much, Sandy! I'll be sharing about #eltpics too, so I love what you wrote!
Business class is fun, i'm just roming a-twitter :D
my GIRLFRIEND even hates that movie... I made sure MLS Cup 2000 was next.
hate that i love you.
Hello Salve!
The goal is for you to SAVE. GIVE. FEEL GOOD. So really...it is ideal!
As someone that's been doing web work since 1995, the world of Wordpress themes is a gross abomination. I need a shower.
Now listening to #OldSchoolLunch with Good stuff!
People always mistaking my kindness to flirting :/
Maybe bc he should have built more, relevant experience before now.
Youre actually really annoying
Want to see who is actually here? who is talking? where to find out about them? checkout the an up to date conference program on the confe..
is one of 6 comics up Friday! Described as "Aspergers syndrome Mitch Hedberg on 1 too many drugs," should fit in fine!
I've found this to be very true.
drunk? I won't judge. :) Just kidding.
Life is like a pizza buffet, you can't take it with ya when you leave.
"What's with the fedora?" "I'm sorry! Is looking EXACTLY like Frank Sinatra not sexy anymore?!"
I miss surge soda.
12 pages on 61 seconds of "American Beauty"? OKAY.
yes sir!!! Good luck tonight....what are the names I need to be lookin for?
and you feel uncomfortable for the whole day and you just want to go home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Thank you, so ima pick them up tomorrow? Or tonight?
I had a great dinner tonight with my girl Gina Paige - Pres/CEO of They are doing important work!
I made a lot of mistakes but I think we sent out a clear message and certainly raised the bar for Andy.
who us? Always. O:-)
lol and when am I gonna hear of these plans sir?
scrape the user’s twitter feed to find words with which to augment the dictionary
My teacher asked me why we always talk about sneakers. Lolol :3
Cork & Canvas was a TON of fun last night - we'll have the total early next week! If you got pictures, please share them!
NWS has issued a Tornado Warning for Mobile & Washington Counties until 01:45 PM
Weight loss tip: chew more to eat less!
#Vinylhoursradio on #tuesday nights 7pm-9pm *Stay tuned for Tix Holy Ghost *Friday 11-11-11 @ the Music Box in LA
M. Love my Middle Eastern leftovers for lunch!
You got it Seiler! Come on....give me a Go Bucks! You certainly don't want UK winning?
Not tweeted in a long while!.
thank you for help me rose parade. i meet many people, see many oregon thing.
Unfortunately, there are no beds in this Terminal.
trayvon martin gun range targets. this is the place we live in.
Sweet dreams are made of this <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
Ooh, ! Can't wait to read it.
Goodnight World! Rest well and be blessed!!! Love you all!!!!!!
This band (at Trader Vic's on Thursdays) totally rocks! Seriously.
good morning? Where u from? Lol. More like good night. XD
Good camera work. Continue to show Roenicke with this poll on his face.... people will get the point.
Washington, DC! We'll see you on Saturday @ Casa Fiesta for the benefit show. Admission is ONLY $5!
Show with Ocean Grove @ Backbooth was incredible. Great crowd. Thanks everyone for coming
What what going to pizza hut!!
Kei Kamara leads all MLS players with 13 shots so far in 2012. He led the team in shots last year with 91
EMA was great!!!
Ok the shining isnt even scary. But it is weird and boring
Worse than not being special is incorrectly believing that you are.
no, chopt is a Salad Bar, not a Gay Bar. At least in my 'hood (Wall Street).
#tonight martini/app combos! 2 marts/1 app = $22, or 4 marts/2 apps = $40. We'd love to have you over. Let us know what you think!
Everything's getting complicated !
sent you message via Facebook
Planning on a big day!!! Let'sGooooooo!
yeah man good times for sure
Hey #TomCoughlin Get your team to win!
#NowPlaying Pink Floyd: Dark Side of the Moon.
Well...that meeting went exceptionally...well:) Go me!
Rt you can delete tweets/messages all you want but theres a thing called screen cap mothafuckaaa.
tks for the follow! Enjoy this beautiful week!
"I told my son 'You made me a mommy'." - coworker, after I told her she didn't have to attend our upcoming meeting.
my urologist is a man,I didn't meet him today though. Just her. She was cute. Wife thought it was hysterical I was uncomfortable
Thanks for the RT.
Justin Bieber Has His Own Perfume: These Celebs Should Too!
Out of habit, following #kidsitting, but realizing tweets about the kid and the preteen will have to wait for next summer.
"We're all just walking each other home." ~ Ram Dass
Drilluminati going nuts
Well done, Madonna, well done :)
we are gonna be in our LATE 20s by then! ah some of us are prob gonna be married and knocked up too.
If your missing (Late In the Playoffs) right now... SHAME ON YOU! Get down to The Loft and make sure you don't miss anyone else!
If you could go back and tell your 16 year old self something, what would it be?
Just got done seeing a movie my sis and Ty and
hey brandon t! This is your youth pastor from way back. Remember when you pranked me and put a crash dummy in my car? Lol
About to go stop by one of our talented area interior designers Deanne from DSL Designs!
We <3 you!
Come support Dante @ the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!!
Thanks for the RT Amanda!
Cat is sitting as close to wood stove as is felinely possible without bursting into flames.
maybe another day i will go there and to australia
questing sounds like a great match for our new scavenger hunt app. Might make interesting combo! www.gptrex.com
good morn. Wow 171 emails..but u got it :- (welcome back)
RT RT : I wish high school basketball had a shot clock. It would make games more intense.
hahaha probably many morning after pills bought in myrtle beach because of you.
Hootsuite. I have to get out of my 'tweet for work' mode in into my 'personal tweet' groove. :)
Tomorrow is the last day to enter our Freebie Friday giveaway. Good Luck everyone!
I totally agree. As you said, the #Masters doesn't need the #PGATOUR. The Tour dropping the Masters would be symbolic only.
EEk! I bet you have little butterflies in your tummy.
is fat.
Who wana go to the park?
have ya ever thought about how safe your family is with all the toxins in your home?
was he preceded and trailed by an appropriate royal retinue and security forces? The spare must be protected, or so I understand
Looks like another Jack and Lemonade volleyball night! (Especially with that #Brewers score...that and its the last game of the season)
just did(;
So it came to my attention that if I really want freedom to create I need a space to do it in. Operation closet clean is complete.
thank youu :D
Good looking out on showing us love. much appreciated
...tell me that score after the game Mane...
is probably my favorite new mag out there right now. Much love!
fun lunch with at corner bakery :)
It's 1 am and it's last call? I forgot how early Orlando closes
leave UCLA alone. Swag killers.
What's helping me get through the last few hours of work this week? talking about her cat, Frank.
Thanks for the link! If your users have features they would like to see on our site we would love to hear them!
Happy mothers-day to all you wonderful mom's out there:-))
Of course you know what they say: "When plotting revenge, dig 2 graves." Think it's true.
Just because you graduate from high school don't mean nothing, you have to continue your education through college and gain more knowledge
Thanks! Can you please share it with your friends like Facebook it??:)
why? where are u?
Nice. I spent most of the last month that. My hiatus is over--I tweeted 50+ times and blogged. Nicely energized.
You keep thinking these signings are for the better of the franchise, dude.
Change is relative: First time making the request for C&P data was 8-10 months, second time was 7 months
Off to the library to get some work done
going to a party where the only frirend i have is going to be with boys all night.
I wish the bond movie Goldeneye would be remade using the storyline in the N64 game. Make it 3d and first person too. That wins my $10.50
Everyone loved that he was watching her. That made me giggle when writing it. I knew people would freak!
Being replaced? Worst feeling ever!
i love Rev Runs wisdom.
Thanks so much for the #FF, much appreciated!!
I need night owl friendz
How do you people wake up so early??
I'm sick n tired of these range rover hoes
i feel absolutely terrible. and i cant stay awake. who gets sick during warm weather...... this girl.
That's on my bucket list!
Thank you for making Mondays the best night of the week!
opening my first RothIRA seriously one of the easiest and most liberating opportunities a young person can take advantage of... almost done!
Test found thumbdrives on friends' computers, not your own. LOL.
You guys do really, really amazing things. I had an idea, but I had no idea.
where's the sun
lets get it thisweekend
My #newyearsresolution2012: Tweet more.
I'm done completely. Every single little thing in my life is BULLSHIT and obviously nothing is going to change that.
I love when that happens!
thx, Joe. I am totally confused.
No goodmorning text /: *sigh* & I got some bad news just now .. /: uh
Love you to jaden smith
I have THE BEST roommate ever! Gave me a fluffy mattress pad, gonna be the best sleep I've had in 19 years!
word of the week:
Comcast also offering free readable voicemail for #XfinityVoice customers. Read a voicemail transcription on any email account.
HAPPY 40TH BIRTHDAY TO MY LOVE ROBERT! HAPPY 4TH TO ALL! PLEASE DON'T DRINK N DRIVE!
Good in the mornings? Or afternoon?
A proposal to see JMC at Hollywood Park!
Weekend adventure has begun!
homework and study time
we're dropping off my nephew in Roanoke!
hoesssss these days
Join the SD Public Library 820 E Street tonight at 6:30 pm for a free showing of Hell and Back Again!
Everyone is asking so I making it clear don't get your tattoo yet b/c i don't have the ok to giveaway 4 this as of yet
nah I was just a lil tipst I think someone stepped on my shoe lol
Bronson agrees with Strauch--wouldn't serve passenger 5-6 large glasses of wine in 3 hours. "Absolutely, I'm not denying..I drank too much."
I wish the style for 2012 was a flashback of the '50<U+2665>
There can never be a downside to anything that we do with love. Expectation ruins everything.
Team Ross For Sheriff election night festivities tonight at 9pm! Carnelian By The Bay, 1 Ferry Plaza.
Ah, Taco Bell, I love the fact that you're open late!!!
lol - we were joined at the hip for *years*. Kinda became a co-dependent relationship, so I had to cut 'em loose. ;-p
CHECK HIM OUT HE DOIN GREAT LABELS BE BULL SHITTING
I die when I hear that line (:
FUCK HIS MUSIC.
#FF it's Fu*kin' Friday! Follow everybody!
So accidentally hit my wrist with a softball, and now my vein is humongous and it hurts to move it !
love the new gear just in time too raw comeing too boston cant wait hope i get too meet u there john cena the champ is here!!!!!
I knnnnoooowwww you see it *singing*
thanks boss
#internet On the internet, it's ridiculously easy to form groups for a purpose. This is the reason why if anything, the web will save us.
Its a pirate's life for me....
thank you! It's an honor.
So we have the late early lrnchatters!
@ For A Follow Back !
I'm less motivated than any MLB closer will be to shag fly balls for the rest of the season
Does of you who say your on oovoo with ROC kk fine we don't wanna kno stop makin some of us who don't have him as an oovoo friend Jelly !
GSIFF presents Godard's FILM SOCIALISME this Thursday at the Tribeca Grand- handful of free tix available- rsvp:
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. - Judy Garland
Our Hero hates icing the kicker almost as much as he hates turnovers.
Ok Angie we all know your gorg, but the pose? Really?
getting nervous for Friday, hope twisted ankle from softball is better! Lol
Learning about cataloging 3-D objects and kits with RDA. Should be interesting!
Bought a Tivo last week at Clackamas, OR location and told 6 mths free of HULU+. Given flyer. HULU says offer expired. Not happy.
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 9
Y U NO COME TO INDIANA? :(
have a great time!
C'mon! I know you know the party is in !
she didn't have any high powered celebs tweeting about her :/
For the record, I loved Josh Hutcherson since Bridge to Terabithia... way b4 all u peeps xD
Good morning! How's everyone?
aww ok well hit me bac when u near a computer
WE will be closed this Sunday April 15th. Thank you.
Manuel: we make noise to be part of a new system. something that is growing.
great idea. Food delivery ad food trucks seem ripe for some Eco-investment
Curation is a critical thinking skill. Joyce Valenza
Shirt Pants. Lol
Wallace mobility and Browns over Ravens today. Miami over Patriots!
Only 1 Full Set of Lashes available for Tomorrow!!! Book Today and Start Stunning Tomorrow!
vinny madison and nick
Thanks - did the same and never looked back after their site was flash-free and friendly. :-)
:) xo feel better!
#RandomThought, but if I won the lottery I'd buy one of every item from Sky Mall.
my accent is still quite strong despite living in the states for over five years. It either intrigues or annoys Americans!
Three cheers for on the opening of "Locomotion" --the play-- in Portland today, Congrats from big fans of Lonnie at KLU.
Hey Jonathan, Steelers fan from Boston -- You're a good man. Means a lot. Never been the prey. C u soon g money.
After last nights jam, I've been asked to perform again TONIGHT at Herb's bar located at 2057 larimer st Denver 9:30PM! I'm steady rolling
Only 124 days until Christmas!
godamnit next Saturday the 21st I'm at my moms btw...
Wonder if someone is gonna ask the GOP candidates about the Billy Crystal/George Clooney kiss? Is that as political as Oscars will get?
So much for impractical jokes played on markets by the European dumbocracy. No solution? As with PT Barnum, further amazement is guaranteed.
Survived the first two hours of my Python workshop — time for Girl Scout cookies!
#ImAlexsGirl I am always goona be his girl <U+2665>
Great day of drinks, food & company!! Lousy day of basketball! Lakers & Bulls lost...grrrr. Aspirin, water, a fluffy pillow...g'night!
baby it's ok
#Denver#MightyMileHigh#Colorado Need studio time on da super DoLo?? Holler at me!!
" A native African of the country of Zimbabwe cleans your ice. Good for them"
i care :) forever!
This girl in here trippin
“: U win Best Nephew Award!”. Feel the
for sure! no need to ask
Dare me to poop right in this guy's toilet? (ps: I'm at home).
lemme sing offa track ! Haha. Real talk. Im official wit da vocals
my sentiments exactly: RT : Thanks we are very excited!
Getting ready for tonight.. it's going to b
Bonny No Clyde!
Heading to Everest base camp in April and writing a book of a 30 country adventure. May have some random blogs of interest. Eric
Does anyone have Sony VAIO S series? I'm thinking about picking one up for general #programming & media consumption.
Ok, Twitter friends. Time for me to get back to Google Apps training. Make it a great day!
Oh be swift to love, make haste to be kind
eggnog lattes are going to be my fatal flaw.
can you follow me plz
Got some sun today!! :D Look out Im gonna catch up to you!!
NH INSIDER- Your Source for NH Politics - Press Releases - Cooler ...
West is turning into a cantankerous old man that won't be taken seriously.
it's the new and improved hakunah MATATA
Night life equals Kush life
Kevin Chynoweth, CPO, Fairchild Semi: It's the insight u get n how fast u gain it + the direction u set n how well u deploy it
People in the U.S. could learn *a lot* from New Zealanders' "chill factor." Myself included.
i saw DJ talking about it somewhere i think here or on facebook. dude i really dont care lol i think its funny
Thanks to you guys too! Keep em coming please
Did Tara Booby Set up Stone Cold Willow up For Failure
haha sounds god
Back in SF after weekend of contentious bonding. Taking a minute to collect and carry on. Grateful for MY life.
: just to me :( ... well, gives me a reason to go walk around the block!
killed the verse in "This Is How Im Rockin" tho.
I just tag myself in my own tweet , AWKWARD
Please do not tweet us songs email only.
thanks so much!
Traffic jam in Harlem.
"don't get caught watchin' the paint dry"
hey I got some clothes for your manzzss to give away
Not all of us chosed the path we are on right now it might not be the best but we shape it into our destiny in a way.
the parade/walk starts at 4:00pm sharp. you should definitely get there before that tho
It's Wednesday!! Another hot day, but i guess not too bad... there was a slight breeze!! Working hard, effective & smart at the same time!!
Back from playing Euchre with friends in the neighborhood
>> How about a contest for Military only ... me removed of course
My first year at school . Was so boring.
Come on Michigan
She on my mind
well, i heard he already took your fossil.
Shaved my sideburns. I have tanlines.
A wise woman recently said guilt and fear are artificial emotions placed in us by those with greater power than us.
Today is the day I'm going to clean out my closet. Who knows what I will find in there.
oiiins, so cute!
My cats still don't understand the concept of daylight savings in regards to feeding time. Being a night person, I don't get it either.
Email New Berlin Board President at about their handbook. He actually replied to my message.
will or could send me a birthday card for my birthday on November 23rd?
#WhyDoPeopleThink most of the time it isn't necessary simple shit doesn't have to become complex take a chill pill.
RT Attending #Spitfire Strategies Executive Training Program. Thank you, #Packard !
In LA, people often shout "Thank you, driver. Have a nice day!" When getting off the bus.
Let's trend #ryankennedy for a sweet boy with cancer. It's his last wish.. @ britneyspears
I guess I am young for love but what other way to describe my feelings for him.
Let the Diamond Shine for you!
especially against a suspect run defense
Crow mowed them down last inning!
Holy tiredness. Excited to be in New York today, though.
Great site search is crucial. Thank you both for reading!
JUNE 7TH THE DAY AFTER SCHOOLS OVER FOR MEH. (;
Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :) 18
&#39;s Stephen frykolm is here ! What a pleasure.
UMVIM GBGM & UMCOR looking for nurses w/Haiti mission exp. to go to Haiti for earthquake relief. Contact Nancy Eubanks .
lol we've been renting cottages there for Memorial Day weekend for 30 years....
just sat down in a chair... i hate what karls watching
You can't really get a run going if you don't play defense...
been in bed all day to sleep off my illness..hopefully tomorrow I feel well enough to go to the lake
2 months after the #Librotraficante Caravan was just a post in twitter verse...
It doesn't appear to be Saturday.
ok! Text me when you get there :)
Nice getting together and meeting everyone at the #tweetupmichiana last night
Hm its shower time. *starts to crawl outta bed*
I like new twitter more than the old one.
yeah, but that's why they have special early family showings. The movie won't be done until well past 12 :/ I see disaster
S/o to my teammate Carlos Delfino he has been killing in the FIBA Tourney ! I haven't missed one of his games.
Wonderful selection. Last image is a killer.
“As you become more clear about who you really are, you'll be better able to decide what is best for you - the first time around.
Tonight! I'll be doing a feature set at The We Mighty Jam Session doing a few joints from the upcoming mixtape!
Now is not the time for bluster. Speak softly. Carry a big stick. -POTUS
it was awesome. In wiped though lol
Just saw My Week with Marilyn. A lovely film.
turns out i have jury duty in a few days... in minneapolis. pretty excited for a 6-hour drive each way to go to court
for certain needs lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
#FollowSouljaBoy Follow me back!
Breaking, #braun not in lineup, some will say if he misses 49 more justice would be served...
Get on AIM or something, man. I need to work with you.
A strong cup of Joe should do the trick.
This tweetchat is visibility for all of us.
Newt Gingrich Canditate for president "I articulate the values of American people"" we are free we can produce leadership" in south carolina
Still deciding on accommodation. I'd love to camp, but the nearest KOA is miles away. I'm thinking Galt House. Recommendations?
I trust you, but I don't trust all these scum bags trying to mess up a good thing.
lol- it's out of control
Is the prize something made by 3M for reaching 3M followers? I'm thinking a Post-it bouquet or a decorative invis. tape wreath.
And I can't read the article, it seems to require a login.
Yep, even #teamlesbian isn't ready for that one yet!
24 seconds to go, OKC up 1, Dallas ball.
Unfortunately that's been postponed until next week because of the passing of Andy Rooney.
Don't have an idea what poetry is./That is why I can't stop writing it.
is bold, underlined, and difficult to abbreviate.
I have noone to talk too...
I LOVE coffee tree! I'm warming it now myself.
From all the seasons of 'Weeds', who's the character you've admired the most? Why?
Why does "assessment" make people cringe? It's the 3rd part of the #learning and #teaching triumvirate! No really - why the bad rep?
I love the day after my mom goes to the store
Why must you hurt me feet so Cole Hann
It felt pretty crowded yesterday. Very lucky to have Grand Marshall passes from a friend, made life beautiful!
Life: love screws it up...best friends patch it up ....but ur crush makes u love it
Set your DVR's to the CW's tonight to hear 's "Ribbon of Red"!
good morning Fabio! Have a fabulous Saturday :-)
"A man who has lost his hair and is bald is clean." Lev 13:40
You are proof that people don’t have to be perfect to be exactly what we need.
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it. - Ferris Bueller's Day Off
So we have an exam Monday and two essay the same day that are on D2L due before 12AM ...
PR for The Firm. Love it!
Lmao RT : Mike Brown still drawing up plays like as if they down by 3
Fact: the official, full name of Bangkok won't fit in a tweet.
... and those who do have issues maybe should consider subscribing. Heh. /cc
Be at highland springs at 8 in the am game at 3. Bout to go to sleep d-___-b
$5 DVDs are a weakness of mine.
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens. – Carl Jung
I hope he finds something good. My dad just started reading mysteries, and so far he only likes the ones I haven't read yet.
UWSP AD, coach Pat Bloom and WIAC Commish Gary Karner have been talking about it for about 15 minutes post game.
Farrell's Bar in Brooklyn had urinals so large they looked like shower stalls for Toulouse-Lautrec. - Joe Flaherty
LitFuse - I am working on some sweet designs! I am pretty excited about the direction.
yeah they are literally attacking me
Thanks for spreading our Ruggie and Slaughter resources! Hope you're soaking it up in Costa Rica. Jealous! In a joyful way :)
Thanks, we might just reach out to him. You're awesome.
upset ur gone this weekend.. first time ive been able to go out in a while.
If you still watch disney channel then your deff to young for me <U+270C>
I am! Yot is on, but I may have all yall write 8-12 bars on it for the Ultra Remix!!
Erica is real
nope not a new phone...Bigger than that!
It'd be so fucking cool to work with , that dude is a fucking legend!
Glad to hear the #Rams got
After hearing the traffic report this morning, I'm glad i take public trans to work.
#nw blade runner on encore hd
Subway breakfast sammich wasnt that bad...wasnt that good either....
Thanks for following!
It seems slightly overkill for Wikipedia to shut down today just to protest Kate Middleton's sisters.
There are different kinds of pillows, but which among those is the best to use? Learn more about ergonomic pillows.
I'm feeling bad for anybody who gets their rights via the indulgence of the majority. Also, hard not to take it personally.
hm Idk possibly
That was a Lambeau Leap.
""this is not a day off you need to get off the computer and treat this like regular school""
Hoe I will fuck up ur life for fun
haha alright I didn't pay for it but still I feel ripped off. And yea it was a high profile match nadal v gonzalez
they're the modules that include all of the NSA's monitoring code right?
The #Yamaha V-Star 650 is NOT a "Chick Bike" & you can't "outgrow" a 600cc sportbike. On the latter, drag knee and then talk to me.
I have a somewhat convoluted position on that.
Yesterday was the day I reaffirmed my incidental birth within U.S. borders and recognized my ambivalence toward American freedom
Awesome...keep up the great work!
Just saw #21JumpStreet- that movie was hilarious! Then again I love anything with in it!!
Please don't be in love with someone else. Please don't have somebody waiting on you!<3
I Got The World On a String...
The confined space was filled with shrieks and yells and curses
Lily's doorman in Gossip Girl looks like Avicii.
It's 5:00 somewhere. . .oh wait, it's 5:00 here!
since KRod accepted arb. Are all other possible 'big' FA signings are done for the offseason? (ie no A.Rameriez)
Happy the #Bruins won tonight, but Julien has no sense of history. I wouldn't have started Thomas on the 10th anniversary of the Tuuk Rule!
Case in court: Partner "A" donated her eggs to Partner "B," who carried the fertilized eggs to term. 1/3
In light of North Carolinas decision against civil unions movie recommendation is "The Kids Are Alright"
no problem I'm good did u fb?
sping cleaning on friday. stoked!?. sorta.
happy birthday!!
Bumpin and he ain't even tweeting back!
Looking forward to spinning Thursday 8-12 a lil sexy cool off times sqaure - it exists!!!
I'm at NASA Exploration Telerobotics Symposium May 2-3. Just participated on panel discussing history of exploration & telepresence.
RICK SANTORUM did man-up and swallowed some of the beads off his crucifix when he APOLOGIZE for calling the PRESIDENT a SNOB. NLD Mom
Thanks Andy! I'm going to see him today. I'll send out another update later.
The Big Chill still thinks its the World Series! Freese gives #STLCardinals 2-0 lead in 1st
Yay!! Me too for first time ;-)
Anybody up for us giving away FREE FLOWERS for a YEAR?
Thanks Amy! It was great to have you in the office yesterday!
If the "tape" your playing has not gotten you the results you want, change the "tape" and use the magic of imagination and expectation!
God always makes a way no matter how hard things may seem keep the faith follow me ;)
RT“: A companion would be nice. One who's an awesome listener would be heavenly.”
omg really!? congrats! (:
"Partial" smoking ban is partial to the tobacco, gaming and liquor industries.
Cool Springs Galleria ! (:
I fucking hate rude people.
my nigg tried to send you them joints...yo email is full g
Bumpin that N.E.R.D.
okay then no worries thanks for telling me i was lost i thought it meant Oh God...
It's no fun having a cold. Hope you feel better soon.
Follow my awesome music blogger friend All the good music I know, I know because of him. Well, almost all.
Eek! How on earth did I manage to incur $14 worth of fines at the NYPL?
Does anyone have a stories from this year's Screen on the Green? How'd that date go? Did you meet someone? Get engaged?
Yessica told me the best story ever! :D I don't even. . . Whatever.
'Allo, dear! I was thinking of you yesterday!
The most important thing to consider when assessing the merits of a racking upright, is upright capacity.
Undergraduate students, have you registered for your Term 3 course? Head over to the student portal and sign up now!
And pink starbursts.
Loving for project management.
Who wants to text ? Or DM ? I'm in class & i'm SO bored!
my condolences on the ranger game ! #thanks4notgoingtweetcrazytho haha
Honestly, I'm over it. I could see us being decent.
Baltimore taxi drivers appreciation day. Downtown Visitor Center 11:30-1:30. Taxi drivers work 365 / 24 / 7 for over 100 years. Thank you.
Ah, but you can do a sh run all, to remind you of the glorius catOS days.
Until 10pm max.
Gotta turn the world into your dance floor
": Reports of a Black SUV on the runway is causing the Airport Police to shut down the airport." Any more news on this ?
#Madison...another day, another opportunity to get better!
why do so many newer laptops have the speakers on the bottom? it only sounds half decent when on a flat surface.. hell - lap not flat..
omg you were such a pleasure to have! I'm sorry we didn't hang out as much, I MISS YOU TOO!!!
Much agreement! I plan on taking many more trips there while it's still around . . .
Classic, indeed! Superb~~
Cassius just asked me to wrap his hair in a towel after getting out of the shower. Kid needs a fucking haircut, STAT.
wtf I'm black.
I'm keeping this account until I can get all my followers back in order *really fuming* right now
yo dude its future boys drummer!!! haha its timmy.. follow us dude
Looks fantastic! Are you there for the Open House?
ill try hahahah
The arts district is stronger than ever with the opening of Patina Decor & The Corner Store on Main Street-Antique Alley. First Friday TNITE
Should have brought my nailpolish <U+E31D>
I made hella lot of new friends this week.Ppl say im funny 0:
Vintage, vintage music & just overall cool t-shirts to be found at Blobtees when we go live next month. Wear our tees or we'll print yours!!
Fun! RT : Busy Weekend! Art Walk on Santa Fe tonight, Justice League kickoff bash sat night, City Park Jazz, Sun.
like a bitch
please stop talking to these hideous broads on twitter lol
O.K. I'm delirious, rambling on, need to get back to work designing, Ciao bella!
I swear I care about everything but these .....
yes. c: it was great
any chance we'll see your answers for 's 5 on 5 this Thursday for the Pistons?
Good morning Monday! Got lots to do! Gotta do some cleaning then go to work... I hope I can find a moment to work on my art pieces!
here in the mid-west we ro sham bo for it LOL
ha. you should go follow ma friend
GOP, Before running for pres. there should be a requirement to be able to pass a basic 5th grade US history test. How embarrassing and sad.
you should chat with - might give you some insiders tips..
lol wow, that's cool, i remember those days, life was so much easier.
... and now to think of good things ... the weekend is almost here.
Andy Pettitte was slightly above average when he was in his prime and cheating. Not understanding the appeal.
Wait, the 16GB is $100 less than the razr.
So UNM has lost 1/2 of it's scholarship football players in the last 3 recruiting classes? I'd say that's cause for concern.
I won't be leavin' till I've finished stealing every piece of your heart ^.^
“: Hey thanks for following me, I followed back :) I'm Grace :3” Hi grace! I'm Brandt:) thanks for following
yes sir!
Thanks for presenting, Dan! By all accounts, your talk was a hit.
u have a dog?
RT : Come get those growlers filled today and chat with some folks about our #SunKing nights at IRT!
Greek yogurt > Regular yogurt.
Numbers "6" and "7" are up this week in Numbers and Letters! Make math happen with #productionvault!
I really miss singing in a choir sometimes.
We’re going to go ahead and slip into a pizza coma shortly. Feel free to join us if you like.
True. We have access and ability yet people just propagate pithy statements that are not their own.
Goodmorning! Have a good day! Then when it over tell me how it went?! Okay? I have to go to school.
Conrad needs to get the F off this team.
#Oomf looking cute today :)
At the turf rockin those wayne rooney boot
Enjoy life misery don't need company it just wants some
I agree with you...
Trying to shake sickness
RT ": Be clear, the biggest crooks in America wear "Suits" not "Hoodies." *Google Bernie Madoff.*"
At the laundry mat watching cable.
Can the #GOP primaries/caucuses get any more strange? Looks as if Santorum had a sweep today. 3 states. Wow.
My Fox affiliate is airing a Hell's Kitchen rerun? OH HELL YES.
Experience tells you what to do; confidence allows you to do it. - Stan Smith, Tennis Player
“: Being a gentleman doesn't make you a pussy, it gets you pussy .”
Thanks for tuning in! #SMWcities "Building Cities Through Social Media" is wrapped up. Let's keep the conversation going!
yes! A Raisin in the Sun will be incorporated with the two shows. Will update more closer to the productions!
you're welcome! We need to go shoe shopping
Amen to that Lee. It's the only way to go for safe and long term productive development
ah screw that
Capoeira n gymnastics class was awesome! Every Saturday at rhythma studios. Capoeira @ 1:15 and gymnastics @ 2:15
Tues, April 3, 6 pm, Kinnic Theater, UC, "Free Speech on College Campuses: Its Status and Where to Draw the Line."
you must be able to read minds....
Go Giants!!!
Sometimes I wonder what happened to Miranda Cosgorove's freckles 0_o
ha ha, u can ignore that last comment, casualties of having two tweeters for the same account!
Do you have any new projects in the works?
I love you.
Happy monday time to hit the gym hard. 12 weeks out from my next show.
Police over-reactions hurt the public and cost tax payers millions in damages alone. Grace be with us all.
Every Bert at Disneyland is cute. The only reason I watch parades!
Good luck on your search! :)
WANT A CUPCAKE?!
Ugh. Caltrain is packed this morning.
Hey, we're dying to hear from you!
we love us some joy bauer!
good luck today!
is a true #levilowrey fan...maxing out his tweets just to help get #levilowrey trending. =)
Back to work after such a great weekend is a challenge. I am trying to carry that spirit with me here. . . beautiful blue skies :-)
Need some #boozyinspiration... Check out mag online. Love it!
“: RT : If you're going to work only because you need the money then you're doing the wrong type of work.”
dont worry you'll find your 2nd half soon but maybe he's the one who is tweetinq you right now..
In Caracas, so far this year 29 policemen have been shot, last year 19K people got shot. I feel I live in Disneyworld in NYC.
close the door when u leave my room! ugh
Just woke up late gotta hit the office.
I loved, loved, loved seeing and others! Now listening to Jacqueline of Hunger Games.
John Moores does not have capital to keep the team after divorce. He will sell Padres and soon.
yooo we txtin it up right now
“: What a fucking wonderful trip we had today:/ ” wasnt it awesome<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><U+2764>
“: “What we call the end is also the beginning. The end is where we start from.” T.S. Eliot”
A part of my lawn is sunken and barren. New Orleans, know a good landscape artist I might call?
rabble, rabble, rabble, rabble, rabble....
Lol. That sucks though! I hate when I have sleepless nights, I couldn't imagine all the time or at least real often
A little frustrating that hasn't updated their drivers for OS X 10.7 yet. Can't get my 900 to update
Same thing for me… I had been meaning to get rid of my old pc, but glad I didn't so that I could update the remote.
Thanks for the favorites!!
"I'll destroy you and feel nothing"
hahahah she loves us
WATS GOOD BRO
Have the Annapolis police been notified that you are entering their jurisdiction?
Thanks for RT!
It works well for some people. I hope you're one of them.
Hey readers. Thinking of topics for the next months blog. Any areas you'd like to hear more about?
gHOST project = stacey taheny, w dalmatian, jason page, sue kaplan, and me.
Paying about 1/2 that for my 25th. $20 registration, 25/night housing, 45 class dinner, + assorted meals.
Love the songs - I need to play you guys on one of my shows!
#RESPECT RT : keep fighting..
Hope last night was not the last we saw is a uniform, but he deserves a chance for a ring somewhere! Much Love Steve
you keep that up & they'll name-drop you guys in a song.
I just want to play drunk kickball and eat mad Nan's cooking!
I'm due for a trip soon knows RT ": come to cali. I miss u"
yea maybe put cody on it lol
I dont know what 2 special celebs coming tomorrow ! Just come to see for yourself !
lol thats not annoying or anything .
empty bottle tonight!
Opening today at noon until 6p. FREE Wi-fi. Come chill and get work done.
your link isn't right
Around 20 lbs of cherries, which will be 5 lbs of green coffee or about 4 lbs of roasted coffee.
Perhaps you think a tagline-less Internet is acceptable in today's marketplace of ideas. No. We must place a modifier on it like a crown.
the pinterest survey is still live! are you a user? please take it!
Cory wasnt lying when he said the eps were really really good. BLESS
hey katie:)
me too!
Don't forget that special Valentine in your life. Stop by for a spa gift certificate
It's been a long day. Ugh and it's still not over!
And there's your winner, 45 seconds later! WTG, Mikko!
awww that sucks! My last job was like that. Thankfully 8 years ago I left that place. No looking back ;)
Thanks to everyone who came out to today, lots of great ideas and exciting things happening!
Best earbuds for iPhone? Let me know.
that's criminal
I'm lying down.
": Just thinking about how dope it would be if Willy Wonka's chocolate factory was real." American obesity X 1000 lol
I love the show renovation brothers on hgtv.
Ignorance may be bliss for you but its a pain in the ass for the informed person with opposing views based on facts not just your personal…
Sorry to hear that keep her engaged and maybe try and get her some help
No kidding, welcome to my #life! RT I wonder... how many hours of my life has been spent #rendering?
89 million condoms to be given out at Brazil's Carnival. www.tncnews.com
Here we go with the BS calls #GoSpursGo!!!
The San Diego County NAMI Walk is on April 17th 2010 in Balboa Park, we are only 70 days away www.namiwalksandiego.org
#OpeningDay first stop! for breakfast!
...lol "tone of life"
Hello! I have had 3 job interviews this week, and am anxiously awaiting to find out which one, if any will give me a job offer.
Just finished an amazing interview with
Going on youtube this week. No worries.
but why? why won't there be a season where they qo to the olympics?! )':
Zomboes eat brains. So.. Youre okay! :)
I'm definitely thinking abt it! Never been!!
I have the best boyfriend in the world! :-)
You're trippin! I think it's awesome :]
Facts.RT I know we all realize this already, but just to restate it, GOTYE = AWESOME. If you don't know it google it immediately.
that the west coast is the best coast.
I don't want to give up on my Pirates, but what are they doing? How can winning not be important in the city of the Steelers and Penguins?!?
can't wait to hear about your night! ;) btw I just tried the dessert gum you told me about and it's kind of weird haha
Thank goodness for my boys :')
The Mariners are awesome again! Great game last night, but I think I ate a bad hot dog, stomach hurting.
Tonight is ladies night! Showtime in 2 hours and ladies get in FREE at both clubs! Call 317-255-4211 for tix!
your welcome, have a fantastic weekend.
We watch it every week, but I have to open a browser on my xbmc box. Too much work.
Lol... Y does katy perry look super hott on the simpsons right now
A friend let me know earlier, that you can kill a women by performing oral sex on her just after she has given birth.
What a weekend. Busy busy and haven't been online much. Did get to enjoy some warm(er) NYC weather yesterday, which was nice.
Yes. I will send the link to your page y gracias por escuchar!!!
When I meet a celebrity I like to bring a ceiling fan with me so I can be all "Nice to meet you. Big fan".
thanks for the rt
been waiting for this album for about a year now!! You're my favorite guitar player man! Keep bringing rock back to its roots!
He looks like he would! :)
I hope you feel better soon (:
I could ashame my most tolerable of friends.
Well yeah, but I'm more interested in the Pens losing home ice.
My latest obsession-resrch via antique ckbooks. They give great insight into another generation, which maybe isn't so different from ours.
I'm about to make an adult mixtape
looking for #vintage #pucci in #losangeles ... shall we ?
If you are brave to say GOOD BYE, life will reward you with a new HELLO.
Can't wait to see videos of Miley perform at Peru
lol he is not new lol
O just tweeted:)
uh yeah like once every 4million years hahaha
super excited about our Girls preview!
GovWalker is doomed w/RECALL. NO other explanation 4rush 2 pass radical legislation thru now. Most will/be negated w/DemGov
good morning
Yes, #KrystynaJanda, like #BarbaraSukowa and, let's not forget, #HannaSchygulla -
You're seeing "girls" reading #AnnaKarenina because the latest translation is excellent. Men should read it too--but no boys!
benefit for a Japan brewery, Kiuchi Family Fund.
Why can't the refs get a retractable 55 inch tv for replays. That tiny tv isn't cutting it.
I am glad Selena is outta the hospital:)
dope tattoo baby girl
And Jane take a strong frontrunner position for "person most likely to throw themselves off a balcony this season."
"goats are escape artists" -
never been a Marsha Ambrosius fan
Haha! Still Palm Springs #gorgeous RT : Excited to see what desktop background of the week is. : )
Will watch The Hangover in a while. Movie marathon while doing my homeworks.
I'm still blind in my right eye. Time for a second opinion.
#acrlny11 marketing is crucial for today's librarian' skills
Jazz violinist Duane Padilla playing at Cafe Che Pasta in Honolulu in 39 minutes
so I never wanted to use it since I have sensitive eyes
I really dont like this project we have to do in photography
haha, alright! I'll check it out:)
Money quote from Mark Twain: "When in doubt, do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest."
This bus doesn't have Wifi!
he is! I wisb i gotto go to one of his standups, he died right after I cameto the US! :-(
awesome. Just do it (not to get too Nike cliche)
Have A Great Week Everyone!
Adel is so annoying!
Looking 4 a job outside of the E TN area...any suggestions???
*~ cnt wait till High School...:{ ima miss mi friends*tears* especially ~*
lol. never heard of them but I'm def going to listen now… LOVE the cover
Wait 2 Months And Get The iPhone 5 ^...^
it will be mailed out tomorrow.
I have a test tomorrow. Yeah.
"Doctor! Doctor! I think I'm addicted to Twitter." "Sorry, I don't follow you."
Finally some baseball my, heart is complete:)
I love it when tweets his fans! it makes them so happy(: #kingofclass <3
I need to catch up with my best friend.
Thanks! I enjoyed leading the session. Terrific teachers!
what time should I stop bye for Dinner. What kinda wine.
Picked up your daily supply of Guac?
Oh man, that was a loaded preview! Good luck and can't wait to read it.
Miss my camp friends :(
I am at Electric Fetus. Should I tell them?
I jus sit down and flip the tv on and "Cyborg" is on. Classic Jeanne-Claude. Taking the time to enjoy this.
Flacco is an option if he would ever work out that long term deal. Getting ur own name can be seen as tacky but it is 100% safe
What is everyone up to? Someone talk to me <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Seeing wet snowflakes on the cam in Lake Oswego right now.
I remember when concert tickets were $25. $327 for two seats to see Van Halen? What is going on these days? That is NUTS!
I have not. You made that up all by yourself hun.
; my nerves bad lemme skip my ass down these stairs so i can go get this damn sweet outta my car.
happy 16th birthday Lindsey. Glad you had a good day. :)
Looking forward to a lovely dinner with my boss and our friend Meg.
My sleep pattern has become whack. I go to sleep, wake up around 4am w/insomnia. When I finally fall back asleep, it's time to wake up=pain
Got my Stingy shirt yesterday, LOVE it!! Where do we send our pics??
#BecauseOfYou iconic boyz I got twitter
damn u are very Unique that's gonna be my bday pic
Sweetest day is around the corner!
Wrapping up my last #studyabroad fair of the week at Western New England University. Losing my voice though!
same here, but it was saxophone! got stuck with the clarinet instead.
Calling ALL #WorldHistory geeks. What's a good name for a cup that represents World History? Akin to the "Stanley Cup"?
No way, business cards are one of adult life's biggest small pleasures :)
Nice conversation over coffee with Wil Merritt, CEO of
sure. let's make a trade ... you write a post for my blog on your favorite padre of all time. deal?
Beautiful Rehearsal with the ladies today!!! :) Off to a GREAT start.
Ok this concert is beginning to closely resemble a nighrmare i think i had.
Thanks for the follow, Jessica. Cheers for safe travels!
Shots!!!shots!!shots!!shots!!shots!! #LMFAOallday #IWorkOut Shuffle foo!
Good teams can often play as bad as a terrible opponent...a shame that GWS is playing as bad as the Blues!!!
Finally... now watching last night's...
Bouta go hoop then hit the gym
Wonderful night on the Brookwood Block... knows
just completed a research statement that was EXACTLY 1000 words. boom.
We got a very special delivery from a certain Country Superstar today, and there were smiles all around, in fact we're all still smiling!
ok kelsey so y get mad? y get mad yesterday? dats weed wifey he been wit her since he was young as hell he my.lil homie y would i fukk his..
IM GOOD JUST DOIN A LIL BIT OF WORKING OUT
thanks for lunch
Visit us at www.prosetsgolf.com to take advantage of our 25% off promotion!
hi, how is everything going?
I am ticked at them. I shudder if my folks went in alone.
Merry Christmas everyone! And thanks so much to all of you who came to the show in KC...great to see so many old friends!
I just love being around my boyfriend<3 <3 (:
yeah and my moms out of town and i tried calling her 3 times but no answer. great
Thanks for the RT's and commitment to safe driving!
I get the feeling Twitter is becoming the new Facebook.. dont think I like that too much. Facebook #sucks though..
Mar 18, 1912: Churchill worried that "future generations would wonder at immense proportion of wealth spent on gigantic military machinery."
thanks dear! How was Gatlinsburg?!
thanks so much! I'll be returning the favor word-for-word in a couple days!
Found ya!!
sorry to hear about your boat but this is very common in the Bahamas my dear!
Nice. Refused to write a complete sentence on her homework so she wrote one on the table.
such a woman brave enough to love, yet strong enough to accept a man's past is consistently dwindling.
“ Ughh this headache”
not just in my yard, but on my arm
No one has gotten laid in a Prius unless they rufied their coworker at a business meeting
yea I'm not in Arizona, incase you may how thought I was
RIP, My Sharona.
Johnny Depp as a vampire? Yes, please.
I can't wait to hear all the details
It's not bad as long as I have normal customers. The impatient ones make me a little crazy.
Let's not make this a Game 3 against San Jose, boys.
jogging at castle island
i did
hahaa....well....chance is slim & none, and slim has his coat on about ready to bounce...lol...worth a shot..no?
Is there a tag for the festival? I want to know if dogs are permitted. Thanks for RT
This Week: Open Gym tonight from 6-7:30 w/ Coach Wilson. Hoops after school Thurs. (maybe Wed) w/ me.
#nationaldonutday WISH I WAS EATING DONUTS INSTEAD OF TAKING ACCOUTING FINALS.
Apparently I am responcible for 67 servers in North America. Who knew?
So AC homesick today it's not even funny.
Thanks for the follow, Scott! I used Quickbase at Intuit while I was a program mgr. Seeking to return to Intuit,will check out url!
Just up graded its on this summer
I'll have one up later this week!
That is too funny! I'm from Essex originally.
Well in that case, I feel better. You know manipulating the 99% causes panges on conscience
“: #3WordsForYou suck my butt! ;)” LMFAOOOO this made my night. ONLY THIS BIATCHH. <333
yeah, almost never does though. Too bad I only had to do one set up today!
no :o
nah! Inspired.
Think I've had more than enough "Waltrip Announcing" this weekend.
We're excited to have on board to make Jungol look snazzy!
Who can I help next and how? "B" Used | BELOW THE BRIM LLC
I could never live somewhere where it gets cold
Being sick, just watched the "High" Video with & I feel Better.wanna play my guitar lol After I sleep some more lol
Welcome back OSBLN members
RT : Wouldn't it be cool if there were an ideas market where potential faculty and librarians could matchmake?
The best way to prepare for life is to begin to live. -Elbert Hubbard
Anytime. We love the work that you do!
omg re deep breath. Scott got a real job! Tee hee hee. Sorry doll. Smell ya later!
Hey guys, ths twitter isnt joey max again. Hem Im nt hm
thanks for the RT yesterday!
"if two people love eachother, they should just be together. " . . . Its really not that simple.
good morning to you! And I think YOU'RE the best! Have a great day.
Happy Founders Day to my brothers of Alpha Phi Alpha!
do you ever try to kiss somebody sexy but you end up hitting the mirror instead?
What a great at-bat by Travis Ishikawa! #Brewers tie it 3-3 in the top of the ninth.
Tonight at Indigo West End, in the round with and Brandon Calhoon!!! Come on out! 9:30 :))
There are some really great movies coming out this season! Awesome previews during the #Oscars commercials
It's 1000 negro's in this 5x5 ft damn Sauna.
very intense experience at walgreens today trying to buy razor blades. it took two managers and two sets of keys to open a locked case.
Love walking past the and seeing it too packed to grab a drink. Congrats boys!
touch mine. Mine r pierces
whoa! leland palmer is swamp thing?! revelation...
I love you! Your mixes are sick
Texas hold 'em (;
This girl has some interesting things to say... Follow her and see for yourself! (please, so she will stop bugging me lol)
RT : Lakers Fans are now DLing Doodle Jump so they don't have to watch the game
kudo's 2 David Dorm House Mouse #nsbe Central State OH Black'n Red Snaper Dallas TX like minded ppl associate Props FAMU
thanks y'all!
We’ve got tonight! Take home some cash just for being the smartest person in the room!
I fucking hate the dumb noises that come out of #NickiMinaj mouth.
Jesus tap dancing christ. You were denied a cell phone because you have the credit score of a homeless ghost.
Go Follow shes GORGEOUS and theres no way she loves me more thann i love her! GO FOLLOW HER! YOU WONT REGRET IT! PROMISE! <3
Anyone have plans this weekend? We do. SOCCER! Our boys in blue are back home for Cinco de Mayo!
oh well that's okay . (:
That's just disrespectful. Remember when Lance Armstrong cheated and MJ is a real life jerk, yet both are heroes. Show some class
Janis Joplin - To Love Somebody - 11:15 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Pritchett is a class act and will fit in to your program nicely.
#MEDUSAmonday tweet: Our song "BEER GUT" from our new album #MEDUSA is posted TODAY ONLY. don't miss out. visit our bandcamp page now.
I thought wiz well. That's why.
we are perfectly fine! And why are you in canada? I'm very curious?(:
did you see the email? We released tickets to the waitlist
login: lost passwords are #1 request to website help desks - mobile usually provides NO way to retrieve password
Hi. Im alexis, and i like TJ bell.
I would like to be stuck in a small room with , rotary telephone and a bag of Angel Dust.
thank you Brit!
lmao they're called dance clothes :) and no they're not huchi hahaha
Product of their own making. TNT rags on Barkley incessantly; only a matter of time before they stepped over the line.
Lucky Her - Lil Mo
..it’s a shame that the colors of that day— the blue sky, the vibrant green life...the golden sun everywhere...
You can see how much SYTYCD really cares about the dancers. Also is as stunningly beautiful in person as on TV.
Shove your dick in the pencil sharpener.
Dean, thanks so much for the support. Getting closer + closer. God is so good. Can't wait to introduce John Diego to everyone
Uh, my story was nothing like theirs LOL. Mine was about the program. As you requested.
edc looks sick wish i was going
That's a lucky little niece that's getting a handmade from Auntie Kim!
this. is. the. Diane. Rehm. show.
you need to give that % to me...I'll find you a dope joint in NY. Fcuk that! ll
Just wanted to chit chat sometime. No big. Send you a direct later.
and schools today be filled w/trolls. dammit
“: ...because we should borrow money? Why borrow? He gave 1 billion for what? No jobs?
I listen 2 her heart beat cuz it plays my favorite song.
You should probably check out Anna Wang and the Oh Boys. I was impressed Saturday. :)
Airlinecrew.com is now running on the ning platform!
People who don't like to text back <<<<<
Come hang out at Miller Park, dude.
A little birdy (Dragon) told me you will be in town this weekend. And Dickie too! Yeeeeee!
does everyone forget about driving the speed limit when its drizzling? Assholes.
peanut butter>>>>>>every other food
when will EA Sports finally create a beer league softball game? Give the people what they want!
We've been led to expect a high signal to noise ratio in our online content experience but "always a place for print"
Human. RT wow. are we to assume it's a human or a horse?
Bolton missed a great op there!
I'll check out We The Gathered as well!
My throat is extremely sore!! D:
If you have 30 min you should drive up Flagstaff Mountain. You need to see that city from above!
u just wanna lick your own balls! lol RT : I'm coming back as a dog in my next life!
Going out for Thirsty Thursday with the bestie Freddy! :):)
love the term "cartographically cool"! I'll definitely be using it!
I'm TAing a course on International Libraries this summer: any librarians from outside the US want to Skype in as guest speakers?
I was referring to more serious things. But thanks for letting me know about your wart. I really wanted to know that.. haha
When a person takes a video with ur voice in it and ur just thinking "is that how my voice really sounds"?:O
Girl jus BLOW my MIND!”)
Taking the kiddo to the pediatrician this morning.
If we don't reach 1000 followers by two weeks then I'll still give the most person who gave us shoutouts a bracelet :)
I loved Scott Adams games but, honestly I never played them more than 10 minutes. Go north, go north, look around....
They say the early bird catch the worm......smh screw that worm i'm tired.....lol.....RiseNGrind
Nice productive week. 2 yet unfinished tracks with Anthony, a final mix of a new solo track, & mixing drums for a new solo demo tomorrow.
Oklahoma was fucking AWESOME! Partying right now with people from the show! Wish you were here!
Nora, I can explain the apparent contradiction
Best set eves. You can't stop this. P.S. The 'h is silent.
Poised Creation is beginning to formulate a network into entertainment!
Thanks for the follow,Misty! -Come see the Jedi Nighties with Sheila Shahpari, Suzie Cue & Langen Neubacher @ the new #Plush!
Rethinking Intention per I'm feeling a bit scattered, wondering what I'm doing. Her words helped me to refocus.
Does anyone know what a "fan sign" is?
up early and i dont know why..i dont even have class today.
Money from stranger right now be too funny
is wondeing when the snow plow will show up? thanks GOD for 4 wheel drive...
Happy Easter!!! :) Mike
Charles Davis has contributed most content & enthusiasm to analysts' team on NFL Network. Nice job Charles.
hey u home yet? I'm coming...;)
It's true, I don't want to be a cheerleader no more
Need more Stoller. Great pod! : Great friend crushes his appearance on #mohrstories. Well done Freddy Ballgame.
Who hates that annoying loud noise of hunter boots hitting against girls shins when they walk?? Cause I do.
he's a singer that's what he does and in every video he's singing to some girl, I don't know what you talking about
Yeah - me too! Ha. RomComs FTW.
Just drank some gutter-water and inhaled some coal smoke in memory of Chuckie D. This gruel's for my homey.
#S/O all my **New Followers** Tell me what's your passion?
going to bed.
Wrong, YOU'RE driving with a bowl of Lucky Charms and a Guinness between your legs, officer!
Inspiration from my Yogi tea, "Delight the world with your compassion, kindness and grace."
you can only hope and pray
what what?!?! #success my friend You revealed to me things i didn't even know existed. holy moly.
Bout to be 11pm #shower xD waiting for Brendon .... :)
RT : best avi ever<thank you :)
So excited to play my Senior Recital at noon. It'll be the last time I will perform on that stage...
Skipped the first day of school and now I can't sleep. Tomorrow is going to be a rude awakening <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Oh! is interested to use my story on iReport :-P
no cant be. it's not everywhere in the news. no.
Former Duluth coach Gary Holquist was a standout player at Marinette Catholic Central. Holquist will stay on in fund raising at UMD.
I'm old..I'm getting ready for bed already
RT - Tom Brady of the New England Patriots hold the single season Touchdown Passing record with 50 he achieved in 2007.
I lost 40 lbs in 2 months! What's my secret?......Don't eat so freakin much.
Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself
Movie Of The Day: "Glory"…
come to Texas
checked it! Sorry it's taking me a min. I'll email you back tonight. Thanks Iesha!
I ams sorry that I pressumed there was an actual reason that you mentioned Breitbart in relation to that story. Best.
Listening to PJ's Vitology. This record rocks!
Well...don't fear...as long as there's ACME products---you'll always be able to escape!
Pyrotopia *and* Art All Night...? Sure, why not?
Someone like you..
Time to go outside and play. Lets GO!
It's Monumental Monday! Sign up with discount code tweet for the BEST deal, 6/21/10 ONLY monumentalmarathon.com
ahah awe okay , we need oovoo sometime :) , and yeah i know >_< wyd. ?
Lost two toe nails today thanks to this weekend's back-to-back races. 4th place in the 5k and 16th place in the 10k
If doesn't, I can give you a couple pointers, not a full guide, but I have at least one must see!!
truth be told. bill nye was the magician of the 90's.
come back to Baltimore! Your show at the Lyric is still my favorite live comedy performance. Better than Dustin Diamond!
Me too! RT I hope Amile Jefferson goes to duke to prove you wrong......
ADAVIS = RALPH SAMPSON good pro top pick never dominate in nba,
Great Stuff happening at 1701 Lounge......
your in #denial -____-
Wonder bread...
<3 you too :D
Working on the new site and getting everything all together....the word is out. Taxi Talent Management} Cleveland Ohio
My advice is to contact venues and try to get some space in the press pit :)
Nashville based Roggg Woodruff is helping catch bad guys today with AMW in Tennessee
I'd still eat the entire pan.
i think i need some more friends on twitter.
DC, what do u love about food trucks? @ us!
thats weird, try it again. working just fine for me
Homecoming Dance got shut down because of two fights, gunshots heard and people passing out in McDonald's including a fight because of pizza
I love it when hard work pays off!
#Huguely jury decides to adjourn again at 9am Wednesday. Court ends for the night.
At least I'll always have
my mom need to hurry up, im hungry ! they should be home sooner today.
Thanks for sending Vince our way! RT : it's on the way! Follow
u can take that wind and put it right back in your ass!
yea its da truth
Just started at the soon-to-reopen Curious George in Cambridge. Unpacked all the Houghton Mifflins today...
Please drink responsibly stay in a friend's house, pay for a hotel room, or let the sober one drive. But please don't get in that car wasted
home sweet home
That's ok if you're an adolescent, martial arts reptile. Are you? RT : It's fine to eat pizza for three meals in a row, right?
#hategettingtold. Your fired.
Khloe is my favorite
#WhenDatHearingAidGoMissing. RT : #JustPromiseMe that you'll be there for me when I need you the most..
day three of making movies and hearing awesome music wrapped. AND we're doing it again tomorrow! check FB for new pics!
“: “: is your book in stores now???” Hits USA stores May 1st.” gonna cop this?
The Hobbit: I was in a dinner theatre production of this musical when I was a child. This looks way cooler.
I have all of his books & have been listening 4 yrs. He has misrepresented Perry on the border & instate tuition
I judge my personal state of being by weather or not I survive a Zombie attack. "I would totally not survive a Zombie attack today"
be nice lol
you got 1. I only had 2 to sell & someone else got the other.
And by the way, #IDleg, Lincoln didn't make friends of his enemies. Some folks in the South remain pretty steamed...
Everyone was debating the legality of buying stolen iPhone. But what about extortion? Good luck in court Chen, et al.
was it a fixie?
Lazy morning in our hotel room with my coworker Tami. Today's sessions don't start until 10:30a.
Ive played 4 all ins since being back from dinner. Im 50% on those hands. My chip stack is at 130k though.(4kBB) 19 left.
#LifeWouldBeBetter if everyone wore gear.
I can't be sure, but I think I heard a girl at the bus stop pronounce 'ottoman' as 'alderman.'
at Mariners on the Hudson in Highland :)
have fun at the game! Text me after and maybe we can met up?!
thanks so much for the follow! If we can help with any mattress or furniture needs please let us know! ~ Mattrezzz Guy
Day with pops! Got to get sissy boo soon and then start cleaning at four. :/
oh ops well 2 girls days in a row :)
#Irony Andy Rooney dying 1 week after he retires.
what are you doing today to make a difference in someones life?
thanks for the support :)
Happy Birthday Glen Hansard, I love you. I can work with 42.
Did you know? Tulip bulbs can be substituted for onions in a recipe.
What would you do with an extra few hundred dollars a month? Dream big on Sunday and find out. See you at 12:30 in Jersey City.
That's right, I awoke craving a kale salad
your just nicer then I am!
Just finished #reading Brian Selznick's incredible "Wonderstruck." One of the best books I read in 2011.
Q4. Although, the best d-floor in the #chi has to be Perry's Tent -
Looking for #ABQ businesses to serve as collection points for our play dough and bubbles drive. Please DM us if you can help! Please RT
The crystal ball pic blows me away. <3
Did You Know: B&tB's bassist Emma Wright was the first female astronaut in space?
How many of you Twitter's out there have an FB account? And what you you prefer?
Awww thanks! Ditto :)
ARGH! This online staff evaluation system just blanked out more than an hour of my work.
just overheard a woman say someone should #tebow it
Wishing the lady cardinals softball good luck tonight!!! Wishing I could be there to support!! <U+26BE><U+2764> #gocards <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
how you been?
Already got it planned fri is gurls night out if not tht then chill day jus for me.
that is true takes a while to learn that
Today I've been blessed to wake 1 more birthday. Thank you Lord, for your mercy, love & grace. Help me 2 live, love & 4-give as u do.Amen
def drunk tweeting going on here...
“: Delicious lunch as always from ! Good food alway help me start my week off right” Glad you enjoyed :)
thanks and for the follow
Tickled pink. There's a lot of buzz about the future. Fingers crossed! I may be on TV soon!
Wow, has been anointed DH god-king (only with Fish oil, sadly!)
So glad Occupy Raleigh is giving up and closing down. Now they can get back to their jobs. Oh wait.....
They forgot to add blame the fed and support gold but the FBI did put that out also #RonPaul #Endthefed #2012 #revolution #evol If
People are stupid lol
#Yankees vs.
YOU TWEET IT - Ill Play it: What should this HOURS #AmpTopTrend be? -
Industrial. Every time.
Oh no! I will try to keep you updated until you get here
Get ALL of #CERAWEEK on CERAWeek On-Demand www.ceraweekondemand.com
Just had my first cup of coffee minus real cream. Someday I hope to cut down on the the 10 seconds of sugar i pour into it every day.
yea solid all around. Asked the dude to give me a club that would fix my slice. No dice. Pumped 2 play w/these though.
she probably thought you were cute dude.
PLEASE KEEP FOLLOWING & I WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK ASAP! STILL ON A LIMIT SO HIT UP YOUR FRIENDS OR SHOUT ME OUT! :) I WILL RETURN THE LOVE!
I estimate that I have spent about 1/8th of my life waiting around for pretty blonde girls.
#DailyQuote: "The dog was created especially for children. He is the God of frolic." - Henry Ward Beecher
God, let Your Will be done.... I am an earthsuit for Your use. But whatever happens this year, let me cross my Jordan River...
If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change
you guys have to get over it... This is America everyone matters .. you're going to let magic slip away because of it?
is too fucking funny!!!
Its at the beginning of august, but the lineup is sick
I'm sure i'll find streams of RM celebration that I can watch.. later... just not up for it today. or for a while.
Today is the day!!
After a girl is rescued from Human Trafficking, she needs a job. We hope to be the place where she can work!
I still say white girls do it better...
OK, may be I ran out with that one, but you get the picture. CHEEESSEEEEE!! LOL
That's why the Jets only signed him for a year.
#RT: we're trying to spread rumors we're like a hilarious #JesusLizard. #Pass it on.
So you must spend more than 60 mins a day listening to podcasts?
So true! Have a great weekend! RT : We must become the change we want to see. Mahatma Gandhi
Just finished watching MJs first championship
right...even you can't be that bad
Thanks for coordinating our Pacers game, oh wait!
Chase after God and everything else you need will chase after you. (Matthew 6:33) #thatswhatHEsaid tonight @
"Could this be the end of email overload?" Wow, these newscasters have no clue! Is the country really this out of touch with tech?
how old r yhu random question
Got you nephew
PLUS it's our director 's birthday! Come see our director get SO DRUNK during and after the show and celebrate his birth with us!
To the adorable lil boy who sat next to me and gave snow caps during the movie. Call me in 18 years. Okay.
don't have any. howru
Being metro is like the best of both worlds.
In better news, as soon as I get paid this month, I am getting me a copy. I hear it is fantastic. :)
And waiting.....
ICE ICE BABY!!! Cant wait to see Vanilla in concert tonight.... :)
And coffee made by Anthony.
love is just a word until it's proven to you
Traffic because of the protesting <<<<
Grey's Anatomy
We're happy too!
PickUpLine: Cold out isn't it? (Staring at breasts)
will they stay in Boston for a couple days in 2013?
Hank is a cyborg from outer space .
As a man who has once worn a corset for a party, the flexible corset is an idea whose time has come.
starting us off at Boozie Suzie truffles and Old School Float. Heaven.
man stop it nigga u b out the way like fuck
Thanks for the #FF! You're my fave #beauty blogger!
69. Some people call it nasty, I call it a romantic dinner for two.
I love you. I just wanted to let you know.
I recycle everything that can be recycled.
Maybe Paul had one too many drinks of loneliness and ended up at the Navy strip club?
MAYBE HE SKYPED SOMEONE & THEY WANTED TO BE A BITCH & ADD THE LIVESTREAM LOGO.
Maybe this fall with a full beard. Sideburns with a bald head and no beard? Not real sexy.
About start get my things together. Going on a road trip
So, won a study table in the #finduw scavenger hunt. She's picked her spot & the reservation starts Monday! Congrats Rachel!
I have the official rules of the race completed.
Yep! It was back to junior high :)
However mean your life is, meet it and live it: do not shun it and call it hard names
right back at ya! :D
you are so messed up.
Few of us can stand prosperity--another man's I mean. -Mark Twain
I love you a lot. You and me, tomorrow. #textmeback?
What is it called when an off-duty and out of uniform police officer puts his gun to the head of an unarmed civilian?
I loved it!! It was amazing :)
laying on the ceiling staring at the floor numb2 the feelin plz let me get som more A stutter of my breathin i c the light through the door.
RT : Thank you for your grant! Retweet this and help me gain followers for my new business !
A night in with my 3 boyfriends: ben, jerry, and Erik haha <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A7>
You bet! Thanks for sharing.
well its hard to discribe so you should just google it!:)
current favorite song? "one thirst" sung by jeremy riddle.
Zed's dead baby, Zed's dead..
yahhh hahahah, well keep an eye out for me, im lagging
What do you see as Zack Cox's ceiling? All-Star? Utility?
Happy Mothers Day to everyone out there. We're 40 minutes from first pitch so how about some lineups.
For me, the little things matter...
Tweeting in the dark. Its the initiation to 666 krew.
: ppl buying access to individual book apps, when they could be purchasing vendor apps for access to multiple books
Just got your new HTML,CSS,JavaScript Book- hard to get, but worth the wait - thanks for making this stuff make sense
Oh Maine and your residents. I'm so glad I'm not apart of it anymore.
The sad moment of one of your great friends is moving to suburb and ur alone in a class which u used to always talk to him:(
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. - Bill Cosby
what was the last song you listened to?
After today, it looks like I'll give them a try.
I fell asleep and woke up to that shullbit!!! #kickbricks!!!
Thank you to all of those that have served, or are currently serving for our great country.
I'm bummed. I love the Atlantic, and while I'm sure Sully will be Sully wherever he is, I like him at an institution I respect
Get the fuck outta here Del Zotto.
Travelled all across the world, Seen a lot of fancy things, But I never seen a beauty quite like this, This must be a dream!
The guy by mom had a proffesional camera nd my mom said i want 1nd i tlked w him and he said dat canon 60D is rlly good! Ahh i want it!!!!
will be having a very limited inventory of #WBC tickets going on sale tomorrow. (Sat.) These will go fast... keep an eye out.
We're #16million of member in this family, but...My friends say:you never meet him, he never notice u and he never follow u ):
Eff yeah! Hales and I are going to go search the Earth for beautiful men to populate the island too..
I have never had the pleasure of meeting a hateful anti-American British socialist until entering a fbook argument with one. It was a hoot.
if you choose to be in the business of show - figure out your business.
Am I the only one who thinks Xzibit would be an ideal best friend?
you could be my tan legged Juliet and I'll be your redneck Romeo ;) ...if you like country music.. lol
Busy busy! Doing some nighttime work now. How is business for you?
lmfaooooo thats a dope ass middle name
partially. lame it took this long to give you guys a decent OS with MUCH needed features. but it also shows how solid android is
They are total electric and are made in a green manner as well.
My art teacher comes out of the back room with a poster of a gorilla and says "Anybody want a poster of an ape?"
Today's zen moment from - cooking dinner and listening to Uecker
#thehouseofstank is more appropriate
and broke his nose, this house is a broken home, there's no control he just lets his emotions go!
sad 2 miss the show -remembering the surprise of you joining Bryan Lee at the blues club & my luck to witness.
Remember every one the emas are on tonight and don't forget to set your clocks back one hour
Working in a windowless office on the first 80 degree day of the year. Sigh.
how the eff did you get a we follow invitation?! grrrrrrrrrrrr
Autocorrect is like that person who just graduated college and think they know everything...
Why does it cost 15 cents to make a photo copy and it only costs 6 cents to print? ?#UWMPROBLEMS ?
Avocado is DELICIOUS.
Love me some George Strait ;-)
no offense bud, but your security guard is an asshole.
JB CANNOT rap. His new song is awful. But I guess he can put any piece of crap out there & crazed fan girls will love it no matter what.
happy turkey day! gobble! gobble!
Thanks! Glad you can appreciate the Aussie accent ;)
I feel so alive tonight. You got me feeling sublime.
We are getting a new shipment in this week! Get excited for lots of new products for sale! www.dealshow.com
Been running around for the past few days; gonna stay home and relax for the rest of the night.
God Bless!
Agreed! RT Seems to me that 6 degrees of separation isn't always enough. Can I upgrade to 60 degrees for certain situations?
He's an amazing kid. Super happy and outgoing. It was fun to interview him.
Having a bad day?
im rarely offended and rarely offend, but I hear u
we have watched #NSN for 6 straight days it never gets old, your story is more inspiring everytime! #neversaynever :)
Wisconsin's half-court offense vs. Syracuse's zone makes for a heck of a snooze-fest.
it closes at 11pm but the line is gking to be long so be there early!
Have you pre-booked your next appointment yet? Book another appointment before the end of the month and you'll be entered to win our...
Just reread my unfinished nuclear apocalypse novel. Gotta say, when I don't have to worry about budget I tend to go pretty damn nihilistic.
All my life, as down an abyss without a bottom, I have been pouring vanloads of information into that vacancy of oblivion I call my mind.
I actually enjoy doing dishes at work because the machine is SO cool!!
you going to the meeting today:)
The stubbornness of my youngest child is amazing.
I'm not even going to ask...I know better. :)
That awkward moment when your mouth is full of goldfish and your teacher asks you to introduce yourself
Point Park tied a school record for wins in a season and is now 51-9. The 1986 team was 51-8.
Cigar love & happiness to
Yard sales since 5 this morning
Waiting for very slow shuttles to the convention center.
hey do Lauren and Reyna need tickets for your graduation?
For more information www.harrietfulbrightcollege.com
Friday Backup watching
Boy: So, you like bad boys? Girl: Oh Yeah! Boy: Well, I'm not to impress you or anything but at Walmart I enter through the exit door.
Pinnacle Bankshares Corporation Reports First Quarter Earnings
The horse that runs the fastest.
Why do females take pictures of only their ass then put it on facebook ? Sheeshh have some self-respect !
hey! How's ur day?
I love you Taylor <3
Are you not a fan? I have not encountered anyone else who was as unimpressed with that place as I was
Congrats to former LCC baseball player David Walton.....he's the new head baseball coach at Steamboat Springs HS in Colorado.
Thanks for sharing our flash mob video.
jus go hard!
Haha! I actually had the pleasure of dancing to Daft Punk live at an After party following their show in Brooklyn! CRAZY
Kids and their piggy music.
I always stare at the “dead bodies” in movies to see if I can catch them moving…
Bummer. :/ I know it fell short for a lot of people
I found a basketball to run in
The first general session of NCSC is starting!
can Johnny Depp please be my acting coach???????
": Headed to Atlanta..Tonight We @ MansionElan 100 Bottles " I'll be in there!!
Aww! You think so ? Is Carmel ready for us?
And suddenly I'm very interested in this World Series
Thanks for following! I see you
Heavy keep taking my fucking watch. Lol he was bout' to beat Darius ass. Lmaoo HELL NAW
Ah Time Warner I am not even a customer anymore and you are still messing with me.
“ #Gemini can never be spiteful and intentionally mean towards anyone.”
RAWR! RT: The next New Yorker to allow their dog 2 jump on me will face consequences that would make Katniss Everdeen blush.
social media demographics infograph is interesting and very well put together!
#ff Ready for Phoenix SX tomorrow!?!
In OKC sideline reporting for the Ram National Circuit Finals Rodeo. is filling in for me tonight on
Art Fact- Neiman is famous for depicting sport figures.
Mourvedre is definitely up there as one of my all-time favorites. Hess also makes some outstanding blends
If Satan can convince you that he does not exist, he's got you.
Ah, reconnected after wifi and data deprived in Ottawa! Cool to see what Canadian colleagues are doing with web, mobile & social at
&#9743; Sweet Deal Phone Voice Recorders Protect your Children
Jess you know we can't lose and refuse to fall behind
agreed! great ending to a wild and woolly day.
My friends think I'm crazy for putting my a/c on 72, they say that's too cold. Well, duh! That's what blankets are for. I say 78 is too warm
(cc ) Is this cleanse a meal replacement/weight loss program or just a daily cleanse?
Love it! That dress looked amazing too.
But on the bright side Avengers was really good.
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy<U+2665> please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp <U+2665> 13
It's creepy when your late family members are listed in famous grave searches.
The USA uses 29% of the world's gasoline and 33% of the world's electricity. #odd facts
#ngc11 Atari is looking for innovative HTML5 games to sponsor! DM me if you have cool ideas
I know some tweeters agree with me the Heat r some SHOWBOATERS. THE MIA HEAT
We try not to. All our travel gets in the way sometimes but we make up for it when we are together :)
omg cameron... WHY D: you frustrate me
Dinner in Beverly Hills, with the best and
Down.. even if the sky is fallin down :P
Good Night and sweet dreams. Always and forever a SIMPSONIZER! God bless you and your family. Always here for you!!!
why do u ask that?LOL
aww tell her u love and miss her so much!!
Segway Tour for Two or Four from West Coast Entertainment (Half Off)
Forgot how uncomfortable dorm beds are
safe travels home!!
LOVE IT!!! (even tho we don't speak your language) - hey, did we just sign up for MLM?
I'd be stoked but worried. The little people don't have a good survival rate around the Doctor.
I just finished a 4.00 mi run with a time of 42:14 with Nike+ GPS.
Congrats! Thanks for coming!
i don't want to spam cause i know they hate it, but i want him to follow me soo yeaa FOLLOW ME BABE ;)<3 lol
No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself, or to get all the credit for doing it
I got that buzz buzz buzz...
Yea but I dont want to go
Congratulations to and ! You've each won 1 free full-day registration to the #Phorum12 Cloud Conference! DM us.
: #MondayMood check in time. What's your b mood? Mine: b open!
Down Town Milwaukee is going to be Crazy tonight. Bucks game @ 7:30 & UWM Panthers game @ 7:00. Be there!
Its the three amigoooss c:
Learn how to develop a personal image & brand that gets you noticed, respected & hired with
Just remembered I saw crying last night out of excitement!
It's a gorgeous day outside- Come on in for a juicy B burger or a pastry. Warm up with some hot cider or have a couple of cookies!
"Proceeds go to fat kids but not fat in the cute way like that fat kid on modern family"
It looks so different with all 7 of them ):
And just that quick, I've been inspired
Determined to finish this movie, but it's taking some work
I like my meat smoked over 12 hours
we will see you at 4:30 today!! Gotta show support to our clients!
I should've cheated on you
I get that way with Suicidal Tendencies Lights Camera Revolution album.
Goose Island 312 with lunch.
- Tweeted the night was drafted that he'd be starter by 2013 season. Zero faith in Matt Flynn as a starter.
Medical Professional Tablets are on Spring Deals Sale, customize it! Happy Day! LPMR!
I need to Dm you Mister
thanks pops!
your moms in the back ground of the picture I just tweeted with Taylor <U+E412>
Jäger bombs and champagne with
I need to visit Finland ASAP... I need to meet Ville Valo and <3
Corpus Christi's own. RT : Kuchar 2-shot lead w 4 to play. Last to 17th in lead and go in water to lose: Phil Blackmar in 91
I want some fries
maaannnn i got 69(SIXTY NINE) TWEETS
Appreciate the follow
South park.... Shit just got #real on a boat #wtf?
o that's another country
she did? hearing some of this makes me glad I never read boards or stuff for other shows
man you would look good in that uniform with Kentucky across the front.. Go Big Blue!!
I love this! Congrats !! MT I won Pulitzer, photo award in BREAKING NEWS photography thax to all friends sending this news :)
Love finding a small church when I'm out of town!
Alright, it's that time again! Next 15 followers, we're following you back! Call us "stalkers," we don't care. RT!
everyone play me in draw something right meow. my username is kind of hard to guess so i'll just tell you what it is. its asgriffin.
Michael May&#39;s Adventureblog: Land of the Lost episode guide
JUST GOT MY PHONE BACK! :D
wow…that one is so much more cohesive and epic.
Ready to see the fam. Plz let All go well.
I'm waiting for banks to start charging for suckers.
All good names except for Figures. Too vague. Impossible to google search. Brain Heat=fun. Horse Wars=cool. Bohr=grown up
Hell yeah! He gone kill the game.
true for all "labor of love" passions! But between you & me, I'm glad one of mine is cycling..... <3
When coding, it's easier to find an answer than to ask a GOOD question. No idea why stack overflow even exists.
I was thinking the same thing
thank you very much!
Looking forward to it! RT : Gearing up for a week of house guests, of various and assorted flavors. Can't wait!
Runnin' Rebels depth allows them to answer runs.
If I had anything to do with watching over Bobbi Kristina,she wouldn't be seeing Bobbi Brown father or no father,he is some kind of low life
I said no.
Don't do it!!!!! Your my favorite youtuber
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
that only apply if the thermostat is at 70 or less and they want to make the office colder
Finally finished two excellent books! Thanks and for your gems. Well worth my time & money. Nuff Said!
WAHHH i miss u :(
im good bro, thanks
a tweet from ? ha, a girl can dream (;
thanks.... Hopefully soon
Did newt just refer to same sex couples as "friends"????
Daily Tip: Walk facing traffic so you can see approaching cars.
That is great! Make sure you stop by the booth and introduce yourself.
thanks Back at cha!
Wow...gettin cold out there! Stop by the shop to winterize your vehicle!!!!!!
Anytime! It was a blast -- Love !
A NIGGA NEVA GAVE ME SHYT I DID IT ON MY OWN
We did it 1996! #graduating.. Love you all!
see you soon. Great conference so far!
J'aime big butts is all I know and I doubt I spelled that right
Lmao ok lets start trade rumors and whoever we name will hae a hatty.
:) thanks for coming to visit!
OH: Maybe I shouldn't hit on the general counsel.
Damn, so if you cant 100% go when should we kick it?
"Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned." Charles W. Chesnutt
There was jus a dance crew on americas got talent that's from ur home town! :))
Nyc with grams today :)
nope its diamonds
There just comes a time in life where you don't care about what others think anymore
ha ha I'm pumped should be good ;)
i woke up at 10am and was like "i'll sleep a little more" then i woke up at 2pm!!! ugh.
that better be behind home plate..lol You can get in coors field for a Rockies game for 4$ at the door
Gratz to choral conductor for winning a MacArthur grant. We think you're a genius, too!
Good freaking morning everyone :)
I ain't staying here for lunch I'm outies! :D
Has found the joy again!!!
Pay attention to high fiber, low saturated fat, no trans fats, low refined carbohydrates and whole grains
“: We're looking for a lead designer to join our team and become part of the movement. Know someone?"
Gonna go shopping 2day:)
Sadly we can't do int'l giveaways but if you want I can email you more about what we're doing in case you still want to join.
RT Searching far and wide for #analyticsuperheroes, something tells me they are among us @
The day after is here. Time to prepare for the new year. What is everyone doing for NYE?
Plotting and scheming..
You're welcome :) thanks for the follow back :)
Whitney Houston reflected our own beauty, tenderness, joy. It's shining, singing and smiling. The Spirit of creativity lives!
~||.-! HIP HOP...CUMBIA BACHATA...$2 DRINKS...FREE PARKING...GMIX LADIES SHAKING IT ...SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
with yeah ha in flex
You can't leave Iguodala there, Omer.
What else does #rhubarb go with, besides strawberries?
I can appreciate A starter getting some work in, but not at the expensive of the team. That was an AJ type of outing for Kuroda
Look who's smiling now. Remember when you said what's the worst thing that could happen? Well it's happening to you, right fucking now.
work. from. home.
FYI, we are open tomorrow from 10-3 but closed on Sunday and Monday for New Year's and store-wide inventory.
It took this long for the Celts to dump J. O'Neil? About damn time!
Don't let the sadness from the past or the fear of the future rob the happiness of the present.. If only it was that easy.
Telling other countries what government to have isn't freedom. It's tyranny. Thanks for talking though.
No don't do this to me! Yum
MT Robert Whitley: #Wine & Dine Radio launches on KFSD 1140-AM in San Diego Saturday, March 10. 1-2 pm
Aw i love Brazil :)
I mean, it was pretty underground. ;)
We party for a living <U+E105>
I got confused my bad I thought u were him sorry
Oh boo! My bad! Just got excited... RT : Shhhhh... Don't jinx them.
followfollowfollowfollow follow the yellow brick road.
it's a perfect day It will be! RT : shopping then dining in Georgetown! should be fun.
Hi Gigi-Luving your profile pic. You look amazing. Hot Hot
talking about building ecommerce as a framework to build commerce with rather than an application at
anyone know of a new fun group game?
E. Who cares.
don't throw beef at me lol you don't wnna be like me
Not sure if this is the right Wendy, but if you're the one who posted the "How To" video for PowerPoint, I am in your debt.
I'm leaning towards it too. I'd rather have time to do it right instead of half-assing it and favoring an as-yet-anomalous Cap
Come down to the Actors Comedy Studio for a free class audit and check out our teen improv class
that's my kind of mothers day! Lol
Drew Bledsoe has a ring. Haha.
this film is going to be EPIC!
Follow me on twitter whats your twitter?
... I got nothing. Seriously, am speechless that they'd write that.
Not sure that was a hockey game but it did appeal to the :Neanderthal in me GO FLYERS
I'm Back and I'm proud
I'm convinced Indiana was the second-best team this year. No one else has been able to hang with Kentucky quite like them.. twice.
For instance? RT Great discussion around the generational divide at
SIGMAS N CIGARS N Godfather Night COMING UP ON Thursday, Aug 26th. CELEBRATING THE BROTHERHOOD OF BOTH...
Jhu is having a happy hour tonight. Ill probably go for an hour and leave about 630 or 7.
Cause I Am His Master MWUAHAHA >:D
me too! Long overdue:) x
Kiss it... Apologize lol #southPark reference #raw :p
Garlic fries to the rescue!
Love is in the air RT if u have or don't have a valentine this year!
RT : You’ve got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing.
: Just saying, maybe get specific in criticism, using 'Hollywood' is too broad and includes many who don't deserve to be.
lol i know right! :] i like how she goes "and run to them to theeeeemm" lol
today is New Releases From Netflix: Mother's Day from Netflix New Releases This Week
dont let other people's ignorance get you down! you have my support :D
finally fixed all of my own many broken websites.
Regex Source Matcher 80app now supports group matching in the regular expression
Talking to you makes my day <3
I love that my Star Trek references are understood and appreciated at work.
and the problem is drawing folks in as well
follow me ill follow back
i need to go tanning!, getting so pale!
Even Old New York was once New Amsterdam-Why they changed it I can't say, people just liked it better that way.
Don't know if ya heard, working on a full house for the Art Bar show in MKE on 10/15! Hope ya like mustaches and comedy...
nice! Can't wait! When do we get to preview and buy track?!?
Its crazy how on really bad days, your tweets pull me through it (:
#ToMuchMake-Up It looks like your makeup was put on by a bunch of four-year-olds learning how to finger paint.
« R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you have less than 10,000 followers! Follow <U+3010><U+25BA> and she will get you up there instantly»
Have a safe flight buddy!
but who will protect Newt?
Just getting started. WE appreciate everyone else's hard work that has made this initiative possible.
I love shopping and music so much!! :)
"The lake house? It's been gone three hurricanes over." "damn. Was looking for an adventure."
... there has been too much negativity in my life. none of it is coming into my new life.
Thanks for the mention.
three day weekend!
On the Believe tour, Justin should take a mom & her daughter on stage& they can sing Turn To You to the mom :')
lady saw big inno
Psh! You crazy!!'
well I'm glad you support my name change. It was between that and Muhammad.
i have been with my bf for nearly 2 years now living together for 1 1/2 years
Stowe Boyd at dinner says he is "wakazoid"
off to watch some tv, before turning in...nite all
Aww man my hair is so bed head-luxurious right now but I gotta go gym the crap out of it. :x
aw that sucks - if you go back, it's a must do RT I wanted to do that in South Africa! But weather was too crappy
uggghhh moving this weekend.. SO MUCH TO DO!!
GIVE & it shall be given to you! Be a giver...GIVE your time, talent & treasure....
Checking the BET awards show TI and Young Jezzy performance off the chain. Mike Epps hosting busta takes home the first award of the show :)
Vincent IT has expertise in providing solution in mobile application , Web , Database , SEO, Design , CMS etc. Our solutions are exclaimed …
Just bought "The Band's greatest hits" for 1.99! Awesomeness
Shes being nice now :) thank you lord
Professor Nuts, Charlie Chaplin, King Yellowman, Marcia Griffiths, Freddie McGregor,
Previous tweet riddled with typos. Wasn't focused. Let's try again...
looking forward to training at KMDC, 6 weeks is a long time to be out
HHV Solar Technologies come up with portable solar power generator - Power Engineering Magazine
's Bar havin a Blue Moon
#SheWontTakeYouSeriousIf YOU CALL HER "BAE" OR "BOO"
u've got 2c this amazing cell phone video of a stranger rescuing a drowning man in #pdx. Hear from the rescuer min away
I'm loving how ESPN's Bracket app keeps throwing factoids about how rare the 15 over 2 win is. Because it doesn't hurt enough yet.
I just found out today.
Wonder if School Center webpage can be used as a Moodle?
“: Oh no! Will you have your friend email the details to ? We'd like to see if we can help
Am I better off a quitter?
Nice uniforms Oregon!
we are happy to have you Alex!
what?? where?!
Kiss me and you will see stars; love me and I will give them to you.
Is anyone familiar with the "All Indie Music Awards" held in Los Angeles?
Vinny>> My Homework
haha. ok i'll give u that.... BUT I LUV HIM MORE!!!!!
I hate working on clandestine badass stuff... I want to shhhhaaaareeee! Isn't that what social media is for?
That would be...amazing.
Mark Wahlberg should do more comedy. I loved him in "The Other Guys"! Meanwhile, there are some spooky looking films coming out! :D
There's just something about k-pop that gets the juices flowing..
Happy birthday to my boy can't believe your a month older ;)
It is awesome to have back in the #WWE ring :)
unfortunately, it's people I know.
You do whatever makes you happy! Its your life :D
another week in #fantasyfootball is over & the legends were respectable.dont forget sign up this week 2 maybe win a #sportsauthority card
Revisiting your 'On My Way Here' album today; it's fantastic. Great songs & soaring vocals.
Don't just burn the bridge; blow it up. You can't go back.
the only person i would love to meet is aaliyah.
On the bus ready to go. This will be a good test for us.
i am going to bed yay
accepted ya :)
Thank you to everyone who attended last night's happy hour. We appreciate your support and contributions!
can you please follow me?
Haha, I knew you would RT the Dirk Hipster tweet
RT Crayons are a lot like M&M's. All the colors taste the same.
radio providing a pretty sweet Sea Isle beach soundtrack
when will I see you again?..when will we share precious moments...lol...follow me KC
has great news: LINE PRODUCER Celina Reising has joined the family! May newsletter w/ more deets coming soon!
Bought an Erector 1 model set this weekend, and broke it on step 2. Just not the same. Any good resources for old erector sets?
#SignsYouPissedSomebodyOff When u wake up on the floor with bruises
Why not celebrate with some American wine?
what the heck happened to you Saturday! were you at the #rossmorganrager ? i knew it.
Sad to hear of Steve Jobs passing. A true innovator in every line of technology, including some of the ways we make music.
You too, love!
planning our wrap party now - play = work
50 Cent StreetKing.... Let's support 50. By helping 50Cent feed hungry kids!!:)
RT : Your best? That was so last year. We need you
Man, some of y'all stalk celebrities! Mentioning them in every post kinda makes u look like a
Amen Oh and good morning
#its2012whyyoustill ask for likes on your pictures ?
RT : #Purpose Taking a few breaths, consider your goals for the day. What is moving you towards them? What is moving you...
Happy Birthday to the one and only diplomat/Mom/amiga extraordinaire.
Movies tomorrow
The author is Michael Shaara. His son Jeff wrote a prequel & sequel, neither of which I've read.
is Beyond SEXY
I had Diaz winning rounds 1, 2 and 5....two of those judges are crooked!
Ow throat go suck a dick.
great time at #cherryblossom festival taking photos But it's not hard 2 take good pics of 1 of the most beautiful things I've ever seen
Today I challenge you to be the best you that you can possibly be, because no one can be you better than you can! #KnowYourself&LoveYourself
At So Fla Interactive Mktg Assn () "Going Local with Yelp" event
it was this morning : )
bitch im talkin ca ca ca ca ammo.. ca ca ca bliaat.. whatever kendricks sayin is crzy.. such a genius flow
Milwaukee this weekend!?!?!!? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I'm faded
Thank you for serving me a glass of Pinot Noir when I asked for a Barbera. Now, may I have my glass of Barbera? :-)
Nobody ever gives me envelopes full of cash. :(
Just saw a church sign that said "soul-ed out!!!" Haha
haha Idc where we go . But like are you guys riding rides?
That last rt>>>>
Both of my daughters are adults now. Can't believe how crazy it feels to type that.
Yes! always negative #pessimist ": Some people are only happy...when they're UNhappy...just LOVE to stay angry/annoyed/upset"
Happy birthday to my little neice jaiya <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082> <3 love you so much
Nor can I.
“: follow me dude” No
Reading The Science Times Book of Archaeology edited by Nicholas Wade
Go Green. Score for the day. Green 1 - Blue 0.
Gabe was a great booker, and knows what the fans want. When they let him go it did went downhill.
you are the best!!! Thank you very much... :) I appreciate the work you doing. Thank you!
#FF in-house
Attended a great seminar by at #BizExpo today! He know his
Still trying to give away your dogfood I see, stop SPAMMING ME!
then you suck.
Something I want to do before I die. Alligator hunting. Lol
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy . &'d She #Teamfolloowback x-3
Studies indicate that the best time to do social media for exposure is in the morning ... which begs the question: Why are we here now?
Went shopping n got a massage... been spoiling myself a lil lately
Yay is presenting while recovers. Feel better!
I may have listened to that several times in a row recently.
Have a great day, the art competition will begin this coming week.
Still walking.
new york to do a radio interview to get the movie out. but I just got the news so I'm like freaking out :-)
haha April fools!
what's up :p
Adored cranky Maurice Sendak on tonight - he was the opposite of "supremely ordinary." Please make him a regular!
On the scanner: "The pit bull has decided she wants to be in custody. She's comfortable in my backseat."”
just like there is no sex in the champagne room
YES!! (Only 5 days late on my reply :) )
More pressure. More goals. Keep pushing. Finish them.
Whoa... what the heck is that. Sounds like something I'd be afraid to fully understand... LOL.
Saw a girl that looked just like liked "Warhorse."
Forced break from running. Pulled a calf muscle on the trail last night.
I told a joke tonight about , now I'm home drinking her smoothie mix. #ImAHypocrite It's delicious...
I may or may not be going to see him with BTR thus summer... XD
thanks for stopping in, we love having you guys!
I love chocolate peanut butter gelato - YUM - how about we don't put that in the case to sell and keep it all for me?
Going crazy ! So much cute stuff for spring. Loving the bright colors!!
if her timeline starts looking similar to Canseco's then may God help us all
I have that feeling too
Back pain hyperbole.
bytch u was posta call me back
Makayla: "we need to start pullin my moms pants down." :p
Doo just told his dad, "I'm too smart to be canadian." I love it!! (eh)
One day the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.
oh yea, because tosh is always scary. i think the old lady with saggy boobs was pretty scary. to think that will be me on day...
People with good grammar >
Busy preparing for new board member orientation. UV, x-rays, infrared, and some wicked snacks this evening. Pulling out all the stops!
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company
Where'd did my happiness go?
Ayyyyyeeee! Pop bottles! RT : DONE WITH COLLEGE BITCHES!!!!!!!!!
You were our 2000th follower a while back. Did you ever get that hickie we promised?
I've been wondering if anyone's still doing #libcodeyear. I fell off the wagon in Week 7, but hope to get back on.
Tunisia: Cultural ethnic and religious values cannot be dismissed by the words in this document
I want this all on video, miss up and coming multimedia diva.
Proud to have taken out my candidacy papers for #sdcd7. Time to collect signatures.
Your So Pretty!<3
just a block away. Into the Robs Building
Best biz advice: Plan a lifestyle and then plan your business...Thanks to our fabulous husbands for supporting our ideas and our business!
i thought mother's day was this sunday
#NowPlaying Pretty Wings - Maxwell .
Did you know, our partners in retail, taverns, restaurants and other #shopsmall businesses have #RTSDeals that are "Better than Good!"
A baby is God's opinion that life should go on.
I went to St. Tim's Middle School in W. Htfd; their gym had a whole series (inc. this one) showing Jesus playing difft sports
i'm sure big foot got hoes.
I honestly have the best boyfriend ever . (: <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
To all you bitches with my name in your mouth, do what you do best & swallow it.
we should do an AfroSpear Blogging Against New Shoes Until Obama Wins.
Athletics <3 basketball!
aha i remember (:
BUZZ CUT or COMB-OVER? NO ONE Can Ever Tell On A Comb-over! Just Ask Any Fella That Has One! Where's Them Clippers?!? ;)
Five Guys and Orange Leaf with my sister!
Happy Monday everyone. Still tired from 4 photo shoot yesterday but still going.
yup, screen is cracked
We just hosted a great workshop on visual storytelling with Thanks to Marshall and for making it happen!
Glad to have discovered mine is a life of many questions, few answers, and love for the mystery that lives in between the two
Thanks for the retweet
#harlem #postnatal #yoga NEW CLASS just added. Mondays 11-12! Starting one week from today.
I do think it was a story. Would I call it 'very important'? No. Worthwhile? Yes.
he got pizza AND hot dog! He's probably gonna be a fatty too....
I emailed you about this...
"Love never fails" I am behind and in their new marriage. They are a cute loving couple. xoxo
Seen from the sickbed: rushing river, budding tulip tree, green grass, gray clouds, tootsie roll.
#ICantStandPeople who lead you on and then disappear outta no where <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Til death do we party, with the music I die.
NICE ny logo !!!
Thanks Jake! Hope you're enjoying your new gig!
Starring in my own personal remake of "Dude, Where's My Car" right now. Like the original, this version is also not funny.
just on the bob and dan show.. 1310 the ticket
Today's Insane Daily Deal = $.99 for a 4-pack of Bagels Forever Bagels!!! To receive coupon code email !
2nd we look it over and determine if its worth sharing. note that we wont be sharing videos of the main utube page.we want undiscovered&real
La Dispute and Defeater is next Tuesday. BTBAM and Job For A Cowboy is next Wednesday. Minerva is August 6. Who's stoked right now?
hey there
hahah james bond ;)
oh he'll no!! Take that back!!! Lol were some scrubs<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
should have a phone soon hopefully!
Thanks, ! And, of course, you're an edu-reporter that rocks!
People who get things done in this world dont wait for the spirit to move them; they move the spirit. Action must precede action.
I can't wait to leave this town
The guy you still hang out with and kiss and hug and say I love you even though he's kinda with someone else ! Lol
#DontBeScared to dissapoint someone if theyre #real they'll love you no matter what
RT : Back in the states and looking forward to working with this week ! Back to Canada next week.
Both houses passed a bill, the Comprehensive #Child Care Act of '71-vetoed. USA wastes $ with multiple funding streams that fail to do same.
I know, right?! HAHAHA. #fuck it.
oh you will be fine. If you have any questions let me know. Btw we are imperial on that server.
this bitch on the show never died and seen Jesus. Im calling the show to troll her. Tomorrow is Gov. Conspiracy show on C2C!
Happy New Years
We have won.
Stoked on life!
All I can think of to write are cliches and double entendres.
It takes time to feel better be patient there done that I get it!
Ok, let's all retweet;
no problem.I'll be there :)
Is that Lake Anne in Reston? I spent a ton of time there as a kid. That's awesome.
just wrote 700 too many words for one essay, and can't even think of 1 word to begin my next. I am, indeed, riding that
“: I don't think I could ever become vegan. Duck Tape is just too useful.” HAHAHAHAHA
Seven more NMAA State Basketball games in The Pit today! Congratulations to the teams who have made it to the championship finals!
Working on Nono post-production, and In grave danger of second-guessing myself into oblivion. Perspective, perspective, perspective.
i did ask a lot of people if they needed help. Outcomes: weird looks, giving directions, or saying "no i dont have fake IDs"
Living on Earth is expensive, but it does include a free trip around the sun.... :D
big ups to the nigga murkin out here
nope, you get what you get, though I suppose you could limit the quantity of every prize/reward
: nice information
Umm... Gross, Minty -- Across the board.
Xcode 4 Tip: To create a new file, simply choose File > New > New File. It's like a palindrome!
Lost with best friend somewhere in David "this is what happens when we get out the kitchen"-me "everytime"-
Your mom “ Please pray 4 she is a lost soul!”
#ncvs <---- already a member #FYI LOL
there was no dialogue. And what was there was terrible.
Protests on May 1, closed off major streets in Madrid. Police and security everywhere. Foreigners who work in Spain, say there are jobs.
Boehner! If u object 2 something ON the list, say so. If u object to his HAVING a list, there's no hope for u....
What made you decide Nook vs. Kindle?
Just wait till she turns 3...and so on.
Some scone called us and asked if we could call 2012 “The Year of Waffles and Scones.” Like that’ll happen. We hung up. Stupid scone.
Hard loss fr the #IUBB. Just have to get ready for #NCAA Tourney!!!
I advise you all to think wisely about buying this facebook stock. Facebook is too close to being #over. You won't get rich off it.
: Why don't you try to get a job at a summer camp? Oh yea...you can't pass a drug test. Smh.
I need to take a shower.
I have to bow out today. But enjoy!
So inspired by CLA award winners
everyone keeps talking about it. im going to have to listen.
. You were the highlight of mine! 's sandwich: close second.
Dear Valentine
I HATE WEDNESDAYS!!! No free time for me today <U+2639>
We feel pretty lucky!
On my way to Tyler to go freakin prom shopping
Lots of people like to be woken up with sex, just maybe introduce yourself beforehand
Another amazing Salsa Wednesdays here at Library #ABQ!
I can from this phone but I already told u that when I get home I will n that's KC or TX I love kc
You and me both!!! Go Ron Paul!
You can judge me for seeing this movie but actually you can't because of the people in it. Good try though.
There have been a LOT of missed clutch free throws this season.
Cyber bullying is violent. Trust me. You just can't see the cuts and bruises as easily.
wasn't it 80 last week?? It's global freezing!
we need a in or any video game developers. Good look fam. U work tm?
I LOVED Punky Brewster when I was a kid :)
" Hope niggas don't bullshit with the suite ! "
Classically appropriate - radio playing The Doors "Waiting for the Sun" as I drive down foggy PCH from Malibu to LA.
We had a great time.
This is great. Thanks! How else have you found your way to good educator resources on Twitter?
Haha Paris?! I'm a little jealous! If you make it over here I'll tell you where to go! Let's switch places! :D
Will try it. Hope it's easier to hike than it is to spell...
cant make heads or tails of native american historiography nor can I figure out why I really need to know this except to pass a comp exam
The Finance Centres of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and of Casablanca Sign a Partnership Agreement in the Financial ...
#foodphotography and decor tonight for the crew.
hahaha well at least you didnt have 4 kids
can't wait to see in glasses ;) Lmao
Coming soon to a record store near you (are there any left?). Dr. John's new CD got good reviews in Rolling Stone. Check it out!
I just download a sex position app LOL
Working... working... working.. working. uugh it never ends!!!
i tweeted about me scaring people and then i said ask you cause of lucas.
COME ON RAVENS!!!!
We're touting #thatcamp games, but will also search #thatcampgames. The former lets us add to the general #thatcamp feed.
duh!! That's why I love Easter..eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Have you forgotten all about a member of your family who's in prison? Thank about it.
This one's for you
Couldn't sleep, so it turns out I'm getting some pages down today after all.
Great work Alex!
I hate having Asian parents.
Worrying is stupid Its like walking around with an umbrella waiting for it too rain..<3
I feel like I need some new friends - like ones that actually care about me
Though today I share this with you in memory of all and yet to be remember as heros of us all as memories their selves to be remembered the
Transparent Corp - Transparent is the premier developer of neural stimulation, mental training and biofeedback software. Transparent...
Cdn perception is cacheable content equals video. Reality, there's a lot of software downloads/patches
TOTALLY GOING TO WHEN IM NOT ON LOCKUP OKAY?!!!
I like #GifBoom <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
all done with that lesson .
Yeah I mean almost all states have accents
its not lol 20 percent is, rest is marketing popularity and who has the right "make america love us" attitude and frontin etc.
I must be sticky cuz everyone got they eyes glued
I miss the days where we'd throw the football around or play basketball. You'd always win, you'd never let me win.
#EmmyChicago RT : Getting all dolled up for Emmy Awards tonight. Is there a hashtag for the event?
Playstation 4 comes out in like December
Isn't it past your bedtime? (It's past mine.)
Party will be 80s themed! We will have prizes for best dressed and Philadelphia Phillies ticket raffle.
up now!
holy fuck yes they are :o -_________-
Three Areas Samsung Will Focus On To Avoid Smartphone Complacency
thinking about you. Hoping for positive results on Monday. Watched your XLV Pick 6 this morning. BLESS!
Shout out to all the pretty light skin girls who gonna age poorly in a couple of years
No greater purpose than glorifying God and his only Son Jesus Christ for us in this life. He is worthy to be glorified!!! Amen
where did you start the journey?
hahahahaha.... me too.
happy holidays Jenn.
Niggas give me pound ima #trending topic
I <3 NYC and have trip planned for Sept!
C'mon Brew Crew!!
Duck Nachos! Get here!
lol. Me n Jake have had one too many drinks.
Damm have not had sex in a year and 3 months or i think more
I took the boat in Niagara Falls and was totally soaked ioi !! hahaha But, It was amazing :) @@
Soo after being at skateland for a few hours my knees look like ive been non stop sucking dick for weeks
thank u :) i hope so
When is your next show on, and what will it be about?
Just got done playin soccer with my boos. Gotta nice tan too :)
formatting citations is my kryptonite. srsly.
MT : RT : . I'm following how the defunded WHP and now is trying to blame the Obama administration
Great #AGT intro with #HowardonOnAGT. Very excited to watch!
dm What would it take to add a high energy innovative entrepreneur to the consortium?
I have way to much homework :/
What's was your workout for yesterday? Intervals for me - www.tinyurl.com/interval2day Today will probably be hills.
Fluff Bar 1516 Wazee is hosting “Don’t Be Blue” TCC benefit on 1/19 at 6pm in honor of the blue ribbons supporting child abuse prevention.
Sometimes its hard to follow your heart..
You are large. Get your large friends to RT #GO_GOPHERS & our cheer squad will yell for them in the #oldspiceclassic finals.
I just realized that when I was deep cleaning yesterday, I accidently threw away Briggs' first tooth that he lost. I'm a sad momma :(
I do! ": Anybody wanna play 21 Questions?"
Believe me, there are no clandestine conspiracies among dealers to do anything other than serve the public
Q: what return has seen from #marchmadness?
Get your cakes, cookies and pastries for your New Year's Eve celebration @ Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
Good morning fans
Four days in using Windows 8 100% and now I'm trying to touch the screen on my MBP. I've stopped using the mouse on the Windows machine.
Now we are connected partner. I can't believe all this time we weren't twitter friends. Damn Gina!
Bummed about a big press piece that didn't pan out. Not a great way to kick off the Christmas holiday.
Going to read "I'd Rather Be in Charge" for the book club..next week I will be all caught up!
Rocking out on guitar, then dropping your pick. D;
Battleship was better when it was called Transformers.
11 days baby!!!!
Left lane fast lane, right lane slow lane. Easy concept right? Not for most...
you can change the style for all data - and you can change the Icon based on a value. but not yet color by category value
Starting the New Year at 56 years old with lots of ones--1-11-11.
Yes indeed, I'll be roaming around the exhibit hall and attending some sessions as well. First timer here!
will me and u ever be a thing? I know I've asked this but I need 2 know the full truth
Invigilating. Again.
Gotta love #TEDx events, so inspiring! And nice to be able to go back to via archives. Look fwd to TEDxRainier
Hey #ESPN, nobody gives a shit about Parcels. Get him off NFL Countdown!!!!
#FOLLOW #Hot #NEW #ATLANTA #Artist of
thank you!
Hi Nice article! Do you think #technology is an essential tool for #learning?
ha same here:) small world lol
Finally got the GTR Skyline in underground...yuhhh
Back to life, back to reality. Super Bowl over and snow gone! #Dallas is getting back to normal. Now ready for #San Anotonio
towards the end of the month most likely
Bummed I had to cut my workout short cuz they thought there was an electrical fire at the Y :( gonna get the rest after work I guess
Wishing a very happy birthday to !!
Wild Boar Bratwurst today! Also triple chocolate brownies
Hey guys - you should #FF - his tweets are really funny AND it's his birthday. All the cool kids are doing it.
almost lost my mind when I heard the new john mayer song sound exactly like bob segers "mainstreet"
Thanks for the follow! :D And yeah.. nothing else but watermelon :)
All this inside talk is making me nervous.
your just mad.
ok, that's fine. I don't care if you read what I write!
Yo when was that?!
Phone lines back in working order. Thank you for your patience!
Tonights gonna be a good night! But tomorrow even better when my best friend comes
a couple of questionable moves by Matheny tonight.
What's your favorite Virginia wine?
#FF Lovely stores to follow:
How is it? RT : Reading "Everything as a Service" by #sbj01 great stuff!
Instead of morning coffee, why not start your Friday off right with some yoga here at the library? Our yoga group meets every Friday at 9am.
out of curiosity, has there always been an #oscars drinking game/drink?
One more mom quote from yesterday: Kermit was always very wise…
DC is good. G lost first tooth, can bike to work, I'm still beardless (woohoo!). How's #RecordRevolution?
I WISH TO INTRODUCE OUR 100 LEGAL FORMS BOOK SERIES NOW BEING SOLD ON AMAZON.COM
my favorite afternoon pick-me-up: drinking this morning's coffee, cold, & eating chocolate
Awww, Bailey. Say hey to Rachel and Adam for me!
It's not actually Friday but ICDS students only have class Mon-Thurs, so kind of! #FF DePaul colleagues and
:DON'T FORGET TO WRITE-IN HAROLD MILLER FOR SAN FRANCISCO MAYOR...
big fan of the better block program. congrats on getting it started in okc.
Yes, you'll come up with the new 'witch house' or 'maximalist nation' and be either a laughing stock or a tastemaker.
Sip RT'd a follower that ripped Lee B. The tweet basically praised Sip for going after Lee on his column on the other NU offers
its way lamer
we should get some v.s. girls together. it'll be a low key night.
i rep gang heartbreak nation hippies conquer
Join us live every Wed. FREE Upcoming University Classes >>> www.smartguy.com/index.asp?id=589&c=SmartGuy-University
I delight in making purposeful referrals and resource coordination. I'll scout for YOU...what do you need next? Blessings to you and your…
hey zz... How u been
Agreed! Just have to figure out how to fund #moretennislessons : )
come we are waiting for a table right now
You can be, do and have anything you want, but not if you spend your time wondering if you're doing it. J.Sewell Perkins
Trying to be quiet and failing epically...this wrapper just makes too much damn noise..XD
Man I tell you , y'all should've seen how was TEARING UP this damn fruit just now lmao !
Am I the only baseball fan who didn't know that Super 2 rules got changed w/the new CBA, so June call-ups won't come until late June?
its always so hard to wake up -.-
just read your book in the guise of a final paper...you would get an A, the student however....
Massive lightening in Gastonia.
and not in the fun, sexy True Blood way either....
Oh I wish. Have a good time for me!
Just booked a ticket to London with ! Will meet fellow blogger there! :D
I'm getting points all over the board...jennings, nelson, driver, and rodgers...just need finley to get it in
arlington in the hizzouse!
I knew that today brings the return of baseball and I care about baseball.
Listening now to #Tosca #opera singers at a dinner party after Lady gaga and Katy perry #onlyinnewyork kids!
be sure to go past her and turn around. you get to see the whole process. there was a pretty big chasm in the sidewalk.
So far of 10 speakers 8 favor single class
I don't tweet alot anymore. D: Someone talk to me.?! please.
no, europeans.. well i guess they are our ancestors too..
Power is on!
": This game gettin away from Utah...it's not how u start, but how U FINISH, young squad..." experience over youth
Malbec To The Future
The Imaginary Band hits East Rochester Friday night! March 4th to Village Rock Classic Rock favorites including Fleetwood Mac
omg that's so sadd
Btw, which Republic do you have?
You do not have to call people slaves to own them. Americans are slaves to a system they do not want, forced to serve corporate masters.
Gotta close shop sometime! Hope you had a good time with us last night!
ready to go to sleep. i picked the fine time to stand up
We just got in some bags and coin purses! Come in and check them out today!
At the Univ of KY preparing to hear Nikky Finney read from her Natl Book Award winning Head Off and Split
Busy day at our #APAAM12 booth in Philly! , & will sign copies of Shrink Rap at 12-1 pm.
yes please do
i need to do a stupid ass essay. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
i'm coming from my other account. tweet me there
It don't take a lot of back talk to push me
Could be fun, keep me updated
way to rock out to ! Love to see the love for Cage. They so rock!! Thanks for the support!
Nobody can fuck with my fire background
I miss you too!!! How's atl?
Cissy Houston was a disco diva!!!
Yes!!!!! Sweet freedom..last final done and over with now summer vacation at last
yeah, but negative writing can cause legal headaches
I'm not close to getting married but download your beta anyway ;)
I didn't take any pics or videos because it was so sad. But others did which I'm sure will soon be on youtube
well in the words of Damon Salvatore, "Dick move." We're gonna miss you! :(
danielle likes girls
Silian Rail up next @ Chop Suey
Glad you made it to see
oh my God maybe I forgot since I don't care. #happyEndings is in fall anyway.
haha that is lovely
I either work in a kennel or a construction site... but rarely an office
Happy Valentines Day to all the couples and if you're single then Happy Tuesday!
i hate you , twitter
At the end of the 1st period the #Wranglers lead the #Everblades by a score of 2-0
I like the way you think!
Haah! That picture made my day. :)
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 13
"Look at the moon, man." "Oh, hell yeah!!"
Do you miss Austin?
I have it recorded!!!!
And the #BizzyTour hashtag lives again! Follow 's & 's roadtrip journey in Portland and Seattle today and tomorrow.
ots of new hires? Yesterday I got cursed out by an angry citizen. Ugh. I was so glad to go home. Today has to be better ;)
It's 6am I think it's time for some sleep. :) busy day ahead of me later today.
If Clark K. says pumpkin 5 times ... Kansas wins.
Camps looking for US staff...contact us. We can help.
Try Gospel. Rocks way harder.
mission accomplished.
Our judgments of others Keep Us separate where no one can Touch Us Shielded from Our Pain ~JZ
Shorter : Minimum wage workers are actually fat cats.
*so much more easy or *so much easier #grammarpolice ;)
What do you think about the read and react offense?
Still got love for
hi! you should totally shout us out! thanks.
It works both ways.
Me: I wanna do you so bad right now. Her: What?!!!! Me: Damn autocorrect, I meant "Hey"
RT : Some good folks at
would it have been easier to drive up their delivery drivers be bullshittin
Packed house in the Secrets of Facilitation session
“Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.“ Dr. Suess ...... Happy Birthday Dr Suess
hahah, the song is just everywhere! Lmao
Great idea! :) RT Just did some bloodwork, now hitting up for some healthy eats.
Love the C R A P out him and show him #Jesus by reflecting what God made you to be...a light.
Good to see #Virginia as one of the top seven states to add the most private sector #jobs,
That stupid moment when someone calls ur house and they ask "where yu at?" oh yu know just @ the park chillin with my house phone
Analysis: Mavericks brace for roster remake and rebirth - USA TODAY
Um, I need to watch Hugo
it was lame af anyways
We just upgraded our page to the new Facebook Timeline. What do you think of it?
much love FAM !
: Great to have met in our hotel lobby!
ooh.. Which bank?
#10thingsaboutmyself 7. I'm half-black.
I like McConaughey's movies so I want to see what he can do on the small screen. Although I probably won't have time to watch it.
I'm hungry and bored >.< Talk to me.
RT if u wait for Austin's Goodmorning tweet :):)
Yu just gotta stop people feeding shit into your head.
#jamming tonight!
I have a hot property for sale. Will also look at a joint venture! Makes good money ( cash flow ) very little debt!
Forever thankful to for introducing me to Katamari. <3
you look sexy when you don't look like a homeless pedophile.
yu get dat in ya email?
Happy to report that the #MBW won the big game today. So we play better when none of us can play ; ) congrats!
American Idol with
Of course! How are things in NY?
#JakeFricksBigHead have you ever seen me wear a hat? There's a reason.
. Maybe heard the new gmail is ugly and really hard to read.
an omg moment in annapolis today...we discovered a sonic! near dc! stopping for a lemon berry slush.
AHA study: Health care could lose 194,000 jobs under trigger cuts. But HHS says community health centers will create jobs. So we're cool?
you are making me blush. Thanks!
hahah she says you are to and thank you.. So you think she should??? :)
why? Can one mediocre performance cause such a thing? Or did the pressure get to her?
Happy Happy Birthday my amazing son!!
Mr. Medicus at Pius HS RT : Who was your favorite teacher? Everyone has one. Who inspired you?
oh ok :) and naw I'm a G I had to baby's no epidural I can take a needle no biggie LOL
What OL player college or pro did u pattern ur game after
I noticed all season long Finley was having issues with A-Rod passes this was not the 1st game I saw it.
hey stacey! i want to hear abou the nutrition coaching!!!
#youmightbeghettoif you are named after something that your parents always wanted but cant afford ie Mercedes, Lexus or Tiffany
Thanks for all the support RT : ;) RT : S/O to Follow the YKMD Boss
bowwow follow me waz up in the big T
RT : 2012 USC Law Tax Institute: Now, "Recent developments in Corporate Tax Planning;" lunch keynote Selvi Stanislaus of CA...
This overtime is intense
RT : “ NIGGA, if you ever cock your legs up to do anything, you GAY! lol IJS”What abt.all fours<<<
Obviously Im a little behind on my DVR list but lmao.."Hugh Hefner's had more believable relationships than that Armenian pig."
I don't care what any of you say, I still love my reds. And zack cozart, is a beautiful man.
Five years ago today, my entire family saw me walk across the stage to get my college degree. What an adventure since then!
I'm not watching the game but Indiana is a good team & Miami underestimated them
Ravens football hot steamed crabs and a great time watching practices sessions at M&T Bank stadium
5 classes for $25 through May - the Red Hot Youpon os on!
If you're going through hell, keep going. -- Winston Churchhill
so do you like keep track of these things?!
great to listen to some Jabee tonight! Static Squared...!!
Playing the Val Air Ballroom tonight to benefit Creston after the tornado devastated the city. Y'all better be there so we can raise some$(:
I have been kicked.
omg thats awesomee! :) but i dont know how she saw it i wasnt following her i didnt know she had twitter! now im following her :)
happy new year modasucka. The mutombo is out in full effect tonight modasucka!!
move that couch over there...can you fluff the plants?
Congrats on being accepted to , ! We look forward to having you and all the newly admitted Bearcats!
are you guys sponsoring this year's ACL? will I finally get a chance to hang out with you people?
#TwSIG Conversation with Miles OBrien was reacting to the bemoaning low quality of science reporting in media.
And lets not forget about ASS-drubal Cabrera now!
nope not at all.
The problem with this mohawk cut is that I like naps, which means I have to reset my hur. Hot look, but it won't last. Trust.
Fast forward 100 years & read "Beneath the Lion's Gaze" by - an excellent novel of the Ethiopian "revolution"
“Winning isn't everything, but wanting it is.” Arnold Palmer
praises to the most high
Wow, Fogarty just lost respect points. Do not make my best friend cry because you're mad.
We've been screening Bully for a couple of months now. The Director was here this past weekend to talk to the audiences too!
Good day! It's 64° this morning in South Florida. :-) Nice. :-)
RT Thrilled to welcome new IBN member and author , feng shui and Smudge Spray from Nashville, TN.
Today we find out who will be occupying the Cowboys Stadium locker rooms Feb. 6 during Super Bowl XLV. SPORTS!
hyfr lol! “: im at 1600 followers was gucci ;D”
The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score. -Bill Copeland
I just want to thank all of my staff, the volunteers, the rules comm, and those that attended. We will see you all tonight
a jets win wouldve put us in! grrr gang green
Stop being a little bitch..JK :P RT I guess since is ignoring me like always, ill go to sleep
I think I could've done without the close up of the baby's butt?
my order number was 43209721 thx, erin
bedtime for me! more like nap rlly.. be up at 530 or 6 to tweet some more
- as an ex-IT guy, I hated that too. About 5-10% of recruiters know what they are doing...and come on, convert a PDF already.
Just munched a '' road goodie worth 5 points!
Quote of the Day: He is your friend, your partner, your defender, your dog. You are his life, his love, his leader. via
Aw thank you homey.
Looking like heavy rain on my new side...can I get a hell yeah?
it's okay, i don't let alot of things bother me... But im a great person to talk to if you need me
Humility is a wonderful quality...
We miss being on tour and on the road. If we went on tour again, who would you want to see us with??
Im so fucking stupid sometimes...
Jeez. I watch American Idol so I won't have to hear DMB songs. Well, that's now ruined.
Boys either like yellas or dark skins, i dont ever see #TeamRedbone lol
RT : Any other #ScriptFrenzy participants in #DFW? I'm waffling... thinking of trying my hand at TV show scripts...
m, Kinda. Not too much. is it you?:)
RT : POP Rocks!!!! We believe in the arts, big-time! This year POPsters pledged >15k to & is matching....
Learning Latin, Dinousar language and Italian (Catziano del Potzo) at
I love 's songs, specially 'Don't Catch That Plane", they're just life! *-* <3 CHECK HIM OUT!!!!
lOl dONt kNOW hOW tO USE tWittER :b
I loves u
idk. just wondering... but anyway! It's great that you aren't gonna do it. You had me so scared!
Spending the morning learning more about social media from Mari Smith.
Saturday and Sunday look very gray, with maybe a little improvement Sunday PM. Light rain all day Saturday too and chilly.
awhhhhh dont tell me it's about something abou Yesterday !
thanks ladies! Such a fun night!!! :)
I ate half and stayed clean! I think I'm good!
Yes - its for the NASCAR sponsors, etc “: you singing at the 500?”
girl, come out of hibernation.
Keisey makes me feel funny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
No, I dom't have a webcam over here. I'll call you in 5?
The Spitfire Grill is open for business. Come see this heartwarming folk/bluegrass inspired musical story of redemption. Thru Feb26 at #CEC!
exactly. Triflin hoe! I feel bad for his family. He was trying to do right.
Pump it up, waukesha, an inflatable play ground party place. Steph is beautiful, and it shows in her children.
We just got some new *Dixie Bath Salt*
Just booked some tickets to Seattle, will be the first time I have made it to the west coast!
lol weve been #hurdled for too long
The #Brewers Manny Parra now pitching. Ready to kick off the top of the 6th.
Charlotte Grimes: "The Internet has totally disrupted the business model of the press"
Love the new look, ! - are you taking appointments?!
Diddy we'll be at the Palm rain nightclub May 5 for the Floyd Mayweather fight after party reply for guest list and VIP
82 pitches in five innings is not "very efficient."
Wake n bake
I'm good miss u
That's my favorite too. But, I didn't see any in the first half.
I just downloaded MY ANTONIA to my kindle. Haven't read it in years, and can't wait to discover it anew!
You should teach me some hood haha!
Yeah we're cheap, we're thinking of just using one. But the movie selection on both doesn't seem that great (streaming only)
...then when the commercial is over you start listening to the music again?.. I just did that lol
THANKS for the RT!!
Any movie or TV producers holla at me
went meta on us: I'm commenting on your comments about our comments.
Let me know how long the line is. I'm dying to go.
just got back from washington dc ! it was the best
How about next week, Monday or Wednesday?
Madonna autobiography coming out next week... "Going Vogue" :)
"That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well."
Paul Ryan of the GOP listens to rage against the machine-which means they're officially over. I wonder what Zach de la Rocha thinks of that.
Crucial Giants game tonight. Even though I am a die hard fan I am still hoping they win.
Heartless. That's all.
#Facebook just set its #IPO price range between $28 to $35 a share. $FB
Sifting through giant donation, I keep whispering to the faraway donor my sincere sympathies about their father being an unbearable packrat.
I'm extra hungry,, just lays here thinking about all types of food,,,
Great mtg you today Ryan! : Listening to some good info about mobile technology at Village of Gurnee chamber meeting.
: Thanks for stopping by! Did you see anything you liked?
Longer Congressional DEMs sit on sidelines, don't get in the fight, more likely they will appear to be reactionary, defensive.
sadly only 12 :( have a ton of awesome ideas and plans though! :-)
Damn do I want short hair?! Hm
Play Him Before He Plays You..Someone once tld me that. And trust me baby, I kept my wrdd && promise <3.
okay I was just making sure. Lol because I usually go with my friend savannah and Anna and then other people show up thefe
have you purchased your PINK UNDAWAREness yet? If not, visit our website today (www.undawareness.com) and get a pair. They're going fast!
Fact: websites that convert can have terrible UX. Just look at some of the leading websites for marketing automation packages... *shudder*
"The bone has now been connected."
Hey Ken, nice to meet ya :)
Due to the Extreme Winds, Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck will be off the grid Thursday.
is working on programming a chip key for a car..
We got Nick on the mic and basketball on tv. What more could you want... And of course massive amounts of beer. Get here now
[NO PIC] Fun Two Dude Shoe w at 's Extended Play. ('Carnage' killed it)
This musical number = more time than Shaemus/Bryan.
Hilarious: RT : Just got a parking ticket in downtown Muscatine. Seriously? I'm the only one in downtown Muscatine right now
Common sense is like deodorant... The people who need it most never use it. Ha!
How do you like the new "Mirror Mirror" tv spot? Looking forward to Julia Roberts as the Evil Queen on this new Snow White spin?
Friends Follow back please
I tend to pluck off the thorns... ;) Or...I'm a control freak. I refuse to get hurt! or...i'm in denial...
That awkward moment when you and your best friend are the only ones drinking with lunch in the entire restaurant
link me first!(:
my baby so cute :)
thank you for blessing us w/the , from ICON to ABDC to events to meet and greets to shake it up now even bigger things
> Don't be hatin' on the moon. It's got a lot of pull.
and this talk doesn't have much to do with others, as much as OUR attitude-do we get impatient or doubt or complain
The pounding is killing me I'm calling in sick tomorrow
Morgan lanyhia Jones maybe
Happy Hump Day!Come get this month specials $2.50 Stella $6.00 Jameson drinks!The best place to Party is at Little Darlings!Open til 2am!
I'm great! Thanks :) Hope you are too <3
penelope is neither he nor she. but i love it just the same.
me too. I'm close, I can feel it.
have a good Sunday!
What a media storm that would have been if a UK player had said that.
WOW that's major. dis has never happen to me. I be having a kung fu grip on my equipment & real anal about my stuff. I knew better
Non-fiction is clearly critical component to well-rounded ed but using %ages is just annoying. What about EXCELLENT historical fict?
don't forget to catch Penn Ballet & Peabody Prep dancers performing new choreography in this year's Spring Dance Showcase 3/27-28 7:30/3pm
I'm fluent in typo
Just saw two of my things posted on weheartit loll ok
Ready for Free for All Friday is coming! Our thoughts on that table about the economy and voter apathy. Let's hear your thoughts tomorrow!
penne for your thoughts/planet of the grapes/taste buds
Yes, we all know that Harry Potter came out today, but doesnt anyone care that Winnie the Pooh came out too?! #showsomelove </3
Robbie Keane is the new player for the galaxy!
School is pretty sweet. I'm glad I didn't ditch today, even though I considered it.
Glad to have my car back from Go Nissan in Northglenn. Or is it in Thornton or is it in Federal Heights? Far from here, anway.
Personally, I think it ended just fine. :)
": Drake concert in Tallahassee>" & the after parties ;D
Building a web crawler that downloads hundreds of millions of pages over several weeks presents a number of challenges.
18 mo. old starts cuddling at EXACTLY bedtime. Little sneak always gets 15 more mins., singing a little song on my lap.
this has to be one of the worst vacations ever...could be worse. i could be in school -_-
Thank you!!!
Math is so stupid. Like shut up
I Love You Childish <U+2665> #
My barbershop bout to be the best ever blackbussiness
Titles are incredibly valuable screenspace! "Group X Final Report" is a wasted opportunity.
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe That I should live a little.
Great! can't wait to see.
Fishstick sandwich and star trek.... m, Friday night doesn't get any better /sarcasm
More #GALLAGHERGIRLS on Tuesday?!?! Oh my!
lmao i leave twitter for a while an come back to random followers... odd.
going good I gi this online radio station Mon wed Fri I sing live over phone then get judged. So far pass every week.
What did he say?
the mayor's not seeing the irony, he will meet with 6 reps but only 4 can talk...about their right to free speech.
You are smart and talented enough for a 4.0 - Don't ever settle! “: I wana get a 3.5 this semester”
Oh hush
You Are Very Rude...
I got a email offer 2 be on a TV show called the #Gigolos on #showtime. Im hesitant to respond cause i don't know if its a true email.
but how is it 7:00.
Sorry for last tweet with typo as
welcome to the Rocket!
Thanks so much Cass.... Good luck at the show:))
RT : Did ever mention how much i love Green Eyes?
Don't worry Mike...I am letting you know I am still following you.
yep so put in yo Bio so I know its real # im ctfu
...call it global warmin
Cotto did his thing.. Great fight
You are so beautiful! O MY!
#DontWifeThatChickIf she's cheating on her husband to be with you!
Divide and conquer is no way to create jobs and govern. We need a Governor for all of Wisconsin, we need
Can we please get some waterproof phones? I would like to text in the shower.
yes! Down with cabs, up with Uber!
Anywhere with a nice view
Best dressed broker
I'm glad you understand my predicament. ;)
It took losing you to find me. It would have took finding me to keep me from losing you. Why is life so unfair?
Keeping Etta James in prayer! Singing "Come Back Baby", "Purple Rain", "Let's Straighten It Out",...oh my it's a really long list.
Going innertubing!!!!!! What a perfect day for it too!! :)
Meet me at SubMercer. WORK all night with Eli and myself.
Bunny bit a whole in my shirt
incompetent people suck. they suck harder when in positions of power.
Buahahah!!! Idk who's #bachelorette tweets are funnier... or ?
thinking about the mother's of Marines
Raises hand ": I wonder who would go on this Miami trip with me this summer. #Hm"
Grammy Time! Tribute to Whitney RIP!
Soylent Green is people!!!!!!
Sorry cant fix everything. Especially something deep
#amwriting since i can't seem to become sleepy tonight. Maybe some productive #poetry will develop!
In the process of slowly teaching my self #Prototype -- which really isn't that hard since it is incredibly similar to
One other thing that I have been working on is a list of basic data on many of the Roman Emperors (rule year/dates, birth/death dates, etc.)
Hey! Miss you! Come back to Miami!
Still haven't did this homework.
Falling coconuts kill 10xs as many people as sharks
": shout to the homie and for the dope track peep game and RT!" Goodlookn out mydude!
How do~words stick? I~loosen them to see
Being interviewed for Houston Public Radio in a bit here. Will air later.
gulf shores dolphin football hit that today.
My nerd is showing
We need pics! Snap a pic of yourself at our new St. Rose/Eastern location & upload for a chance to win a Keurig brewer! No purchase nec.
it's my go to product since leaving Aveda. The moisture cant be beat!
I wanna go see Breaking Dawn Part 1 now!!!! I can't wait till November!!! :(I)
what's even more amazing is how many guys don't wash hands..feel sorry for girls
I miss you
I've been working on my one-of-a-kind custom guitar... can't wait to play it one day :)
I love LO, but he made it clear that he had no interest in being a laker after they showed they considered him trade bait.
I couldn't attend #DPLAWest, but saw your figure of 3x physical-to-electronic [something]. What are the specifics (and source)?
wireless4freenpc : Anyone have the wifi password?
Comcast can suck it!
RT Most interesting thing to look out for in next week: polling data in key states to see if Pres Obama's same sex decision
Greg Jennings and Aaron Rodgers have great chemistry.. the WR1 position is deep this year
that's should be fun
My teacher goes don't make fun of the it's like making fun of god!!
merry christmas kendall i hope you read this and anwer or RT me please !! :(
good news we got lawson and nene playin, and is always tearin shit up so we lookin hella good son
Family always knows the right buttons to push
I don't know who my grandfather was; I am much more concerned to know what his grandson will be. Abraham Lincoln
It's a great feeling
But hold your breathe because tonight will be the night that I will fall or you, over again. Don't make me change my mind.
Hail Mary - Makaveli
Monsier Roland Barthes, a minor hero of mine ? Fabulous, I am bringing my 8 year old to your Oakland show
Just made an iced chai latte with almond and coconut milk.
Protein shake number 2, down you go. How I wish you were scotch instead...
Clint hurdle in his mind "let's bat 2 of our currently worst hitters in the most important part of the game. What could go wrong?"
Freud Explosion/K. Gallagher: the neck muscles contract, bringing the head down and the shoulders up..
UP NEXT: The guy who threw the hot dog at Tiger Woods Sunday. Really? 222-6000
If you're in NY and still goin on and on about this gay marriage shit in North Carolina.... #YouProbablyKnowWhatDickTastesLike #TooSoon?
So the CIA stopped an underwear bomb. Can't poor Santorum ever get a break?
It's 4am and I can't sleep. Excited for another day of #diving with
I wish I had the voice to sing screamo.
please get me off this gd amtrak coaster that isnt coasting, only standing sti
(hands on the wheel)
Lmaoo This Nigga In My Gym Class Got A Gruber Law Offices Shirt On. Like Wtf, Where Do Yu Get Those..? Hmm... "One Call That's All".!
#Seahawks fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#Seahawks #Broncos)
Good night everyone kisses to everyone in this wonderful world of ours
Alissa Jackson! Your generosity makes our hearts so happy! Many thanks!
congratulations on the launch of the new site! Think it is a great new direction for you!
writing about nine miles, marathons, jack lalanne's physical "feats" at www.susanefine.com; would love for you to check it out!
Hey Am I missing a way to batch upload from PubMed?
Hm... Maybe our next ad should say "So good it will make you cry." ??
Tomorrow is promised to no one.
So much for my nap... Workout time. And training for that half marathon
I hope your place of work or patients don't know how to search for your Twitter handle!!! hahahaha
Love Nate Diaz's fighting style.
I am with ya. I think of it as hating yellow more than orange.
jus think of me n it mite help bae #FMG ;-)
Well, this is officially the first time I've gone to a rush-call via. bus
Y'all need to follow my son, ! He is seen pacin' in the background of my original interview.
Condolences. So sorry about your news.
Lol I think everyone forgot about the noseyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Not amused.
Got my first present! Pajamas! ;)
Challenge: can I eat an entire burrito bowl in the 5 minutes left of my break from class?
So will people be locked into networks by address? How will this work for taxes? It sounds like this plan will exacerbate issues
its so good! i know alot of guys that like it too haha even tho it seems like a girly show
nvm, just read the schedule lol
we should make a video!
big ups to all our followers and besides....its just monday
meet her many years ago through a friend... I'll check out your show! Congrats!
Hey ! Wow, what a fantastic meal. Currently eating the leftovers. I definitely need more...
Let them eat cake, Wes. RT : should also share this cake with the ad dept :)
When CVPD arrests youth for acts that wouldn't be crimes if committed by adults, it is an inefficient way to control crime. No #curfews!
ok lol im on my way is yhu goin
just added a killer feature to Weather Genie for iPad/iPhone!
Be rich to yourself and poor to your friends. - Juvenal
i told Ashley, 'i feel so comfortable.. I can do my man voice in front of him' lmao
All these channels and nothings ever on -__-
To enjoy friendship with angels, be a source of love to someone who needs your support today. Love energy attracts angels.
Q: Gender dynamics in campaigns?
nm was just tweetin with my drummer dude dave
I might see him today.!(:
I'm one day out of being a college student and life is already quite different
I'm aiming for 11ish. I'd love to see someone working on a 2500 word article. I've never written more than 800 words!
haha idgaf . Delete ur twitter if its a problem
Insted of you calling my phone or texing me, You fucking tweet me
RT : Never Gets A Fucking Moment To Myself I Swear !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!------ I told u plz reconsider read sum literature LOL
RT Well, it's over now. #shakeitoff #ontothenextone ~spoken like a true player herself You heard her boys On to the next one
my first tweet!
Yeah the party never ends, this life is what I recommend.
48 hours until the next Diamond Group meeting! RSVP to .
My daughter and I love doing that! Ideas thus far-hamsters that fly but are cars and still pets, dog that is a lawnmower,,,
This weekend’s live music lineup includes Jim & Mike of and Mathew Haeffel…..another SOLID weekend of music!
I'm not gonna hang out with fucking potatos all day, Portland's starting to sound better now..
listening to vampire weekend with the porch door open. i can almost feel summer.
& best of luck this weekend! i expect bling for the trophy shelf.
Going to swim/dive for a little bit, eat lunch, and then go to Playa Del Carmen.
My house smells like burnt food.
so now wat
i hope to meet this year. if not, i dont know what im going to do with myself.
Oh I like that! RT : Term "rustic" is overused...I prefer "organic" elegance...see this wedding we did !...
aww thank u(:
A very happy birthday to John F. of !
Stream is down? I need to hear BDK's Movie Reviews and DOW
oh look at that, i didnt even notice :D sorry about that :)
hey, are you a teacher at dallas center-grimes?
You just haven't found the right person...same boat I'm in...ugh
- figured so. :P
really? I am too. I'm just getting Hella spam. Smh
Thanks! I was a PHP / AJAX developer till I quit my job to run for Congress against Lamar Smith, the author of SOPA.
I miss my bests!
Why is it that whenever I give myself extra time to get to work I always end up running late???
lots of angles-how would affect medicne? sports equipment? agriculture? u? do in triplets becasue some r obvious-some need reserch
ur so mean dude hahahhaa what the hell you love me
It sounds like you are having fun. I remain impressed with the students I met in Shanghai and Beijing. They should be Badgers!
Oh boy it's 3pm Time to drag my fat ass out of bed. We
29 points?!! wow loo
RT : “How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.” - Anne Frank
Headed to Tallahassee tomorrow with and symphony crack!!
love you too best friend.
gotta include Indiana in those non conference games..
hi nick have a good one
Yeah #Syracuse crazy finish!
iaint see nun .
Maybe time to start that ad agency...
Sometimes it takes an somebody puttin a kick in ya ass to get you to play better <<<<< Lebron, D Wade there it is--->>> Step it up!
pretty good the weather is awesome like 70 and sunny, we are about to head to louisiana though for a month
Chilling in the breAkroom at work and don't feel like getting off my lazy ass
People are amazed about my psychic abilities. In fact, I know what you're thinking right now: "He doesn't have psychic abilities."
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” Oscar Wilde
If Dubront doesn't win this game he should be sent on a rehab assignment to Lowell out of spite.
if we didn't have the #jamesstreetrager going on ! The #rossmorganrager deserves a cigar tho
Thanks...I've still got it!!!
Thanks for following! *cheers*
Soo....2012 is on its way and im excited! I can just feel its gonna be a great year!! #2012imreadyforyou!! :) #begoodtome!!
This test 2 long in this accounting class
Pleasure was all mine. Thank YOU for a great conversation! Love talking with like minded #Transmedia folks like you. Cheers!
one doesn't have to be a big guy to be the big guy. Sometimes you have to get over yourself and do the right thing, in spite of... -TTW
The Pacers are playing well, fighting hard, not backing down. The Knicks could learn a lot from them.
Wow. RIP Adam Yauch.
Why do San Diego Realtors use our reports? Because many of the remodeling projects shown are preparations to sell.
#Melancholia. Wow. Thank you, Lars von Trier & #Netflix streaming.
WALK OFF GRAND SLAM MR. JOEY VOTTO!
I didn't realize this book was out, already! First some, reason I had October in mind.
WITH OUR VIP SERVICES TO THOSE WHO BRING THEIR PARTY TO SKY LOUNGE!
call me please
With WIN Catalog, readers can discover hundreds of thousands of "Additional Titles" beyond their library's collection #PLA12 Booth 818
#veryimportantpeople COO of Facebook = My life
Here at 92Y to hear Jeff Greenfield's interview with John Krugman
Now that I've watched the pink slime video, I can never drink a strawberry milkshake from McDonald's again.
I would have to give to both MKG and Miller.
#RollTide RT : Just touched down Baltimore what's good!
I see that all the hard work in the gym is paying off very well.
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
Salty never Hml
Been tinkering around in there for awhile. Is there a doc/tutorial you can link to? Thanks for the quick reply.
#ThingsThatILike . . . real people.
thanks for the shout out!
well I will definitely be there so that means so will you. Bring your girlfriends cuz IT'S a PARTY! lol
That would be a very good draft, but it is unrealistic. Reyes in the 3rd? He might not make it out of the 1st
I must have missed you. I will be at the Tech Fair this week....
RT : Theres no shortage of diversity in books being written, only a shortage in diversity of books being hyped
never go away, just 1 vicious circle from hell lol, but going to Atlantic City 4 wknd so I want them in the mail
Do good, feel good; feel good, do good.
RT - If the children are our future, please teach them to flush the toilet.
had to give it back to my boss :(
likewise. Just enjoying life while I can. :) That's pretty much it for now.
I found playing last year that it helped my overall awareness of the sport. I think you'll enjoy!
Upper sideline
" Justin Come to Colombia "is trending. Nah, i much rather you just come to my house.
shoe game all day homie ;)
daang, what a great friend you are lol.
You're a person of rare intelligence; it's rare when you show any.
Check out these gracious tweeps!
'"Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time."
Rocking Christmas Fact #32: Durring the holidays, Elvis wanted to be known as a "Hunk-uh Hunk-uh Burning Christmas".
article looks great! thank you for taking an interest in us!
Anything from Supertramp. I think you guys would sound great doing a little Goodbye Stranger or The Logical Song! :)
it's such a classic Kimberly moment. #onesie!!!
I say some of the dumbest things sometimes .. Lol Ohhwelll
We love you all!
Of course we are
hello cousin!how are you dude?
Idk what's funnier, 's youtube videos or her tags on each video.
As a teenager, no interest in alcohol or sex, but psychedelics. I however don't trust any street dealers currently. Safety and all that.
There is no defense against adverse fortune which is so effectual as an habitual sense of humor
okayy!! but i wont be ready so ima be all ugly (: just warning u haha
I miss my pretty boy </3
At a motivational speaker today with my company. "Let your journey begin today folks..." yeck- so corny.
RT : Had our first rehearsal in the fabulous Black Box Theater for the Fringe Festival..so excited for this...
I think that's a fair assumption.
Who do you think wins tonight, #JonJones or #RashadEvans? I'm going with Jones for the win
Farm Fields Could Yield Jet Fuel of the Future | Renewable Energy ...
Just send everyone on the #Bobcats back to the D-league and fuckin' start over. Pathetic.
Wonders if the systems here will ever fully integrate.. Reconciliations are killing me!
And I wish upon a shooting star that I might end up where you are will you wish too? two wishes are better than one dude!
#20topfavouritesongsever: #Mozart #SinfoniaConcertante. Epitome of Mozart: clean, fun, interactive, perfect.
lol i said goodnight and im still up, ok goodnight now :)
. has a new album? yes! I'm ready for the productivity train.
Re-live a happy childhood past memory, ..." Take a bubble bath with a friend!
competition? why yes, i would love some. <U+E405>
why won't you
RT : Pocketless Souls=Genius... So encouraging and inspirational... // we agree! totally different in xtian music
We have 5 sites that are scheduled to go live starting as soon as this weekend
Shout out to the home owners, girls who got diplomas and enough money to loan us!!! Shout out to the girls who EARN their own money!!
It is the best!
Wow! Amazon Instant Video on PS3!
Things overheard in the office today..."Did you just call the printer a bitch?"
any ticket from the week will be good for tomorrow if play does not finish tonight
Lawrence J. Peter Some of the world's greatest feats wer accomplished by people not smart enough 2 know they wer impossible.
In Delaware at Music&Arts stepup event. This place is rockin!!
But you learned something, right? That's how I've learned everything I know - by banging my head on a desk. :)
Want to be an older woman like Union Rags owner, Phyllis Wyeth, smoking cigars and wearing hats on a regular day
is mines too and roc royal too
and hype man KILLED it!
Looking forward to seeing you ! You may beat me there!
Ah my eyes are closing! Z!!! She went to sleep & the end!
So what 2 favorite songs did u listen to? I'm going to hit u up on Linkedin. I have a project that I need to take chances with.
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 73
I know. We're all just sitting here waiting.
Taking vacation days ...otherwise I would too.
The only person you’ll ever have to be better than is the person you were yesterday.
its on now! ABC!!
Finally will unpack my books today...hello old friends
I miss how we used to talk every minute of every day & how I was able to tell you everything that was on my mind. I miss our conversations.
Let's play some Mad-Libs today! Give me a few nouns.
the bpad was great last night
will you wish me happy eairly birthday my birthday is in 9. Days please!
Nothing like an Iced Pepsi Fountain Drink to cool u down in this heat! & We have AIRCONDITIONING! If U'R in downtown Sac stop by WERE OPEN!
Looks like another full house for 2011 KCOM graduation at A.T. Still University.
..thanx for the follow. Appreciate it. <3
flight already booked. Only question is if they break the Dolphins 16-0 record on their way there!
it's 2 - 1 Rangers with less than 3 minutes left.
We can always set a tent up on deck.
Happy MAY everyone =)
he is a disaster...i wish he would play 1 game of MLB and K 3 times before getting drilled in the head with a fastball...
My man Salihi again eh?? I gotta dig up my first tweet about him.
We have a new server/network ready - vpn-sv1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
Sprayed too much hairspray in my room. Now im inhaling it-_-
#myguy doesn't need to take me out to fancy places & buy me expensive things.
Ladies, If you could make your own mma apparel what kind of designs would you make?
And where could one find such glory on a bun?
I thought Bryan and 's recommendation would have been good enough to bring the whole crew.
Movie Review: American Reunion Bakes Up That Familiar Pie Humor Review in a Hurry: Jim, Michelle, and the rest of the Class of 1999 retur
F'n tired!
thanks for recognizing genius when you hear it! ha
*raises hand* If they look like you... lol
Tweets From the Past: Featuring: James Jackson - Georgia Senator/Governor/Anarchist/Revolutionary
yep blue with white sleeves and the sash across the front!
What a small world. Have finished a novel and am self-publishing and am dead-broke. Any help, like your lectures appreciated.
u were in my dream last night. You were really nice to me so i knew it was a dream lol
"Update: he has a twin brother. Winning lolz"-- Tina
Nick:"Apparently I got this girl pregnant. Yeah, some girl said I was her baby daddy and I'm like, 'I am not your baby daddy!' "
Common sense ain't communism. If you're complicit with corporate corruption that does make you a traitor.
SPA DAY!!!
your people?
kick some butt today world.."YOUR OWN"
Thank you, Paul; much appreciated!
Thanks for posting the review. notetable is seriously good for organizing ideas.
Welcome! Thank for alerting us to your presence. (You guys are pretty rad. And your baby is hella cute.)
obsessive distraction of the day - - love the pete and thepirates one
My upstairs neighbors are either having sex or churning butter. If they are churning butter, they are very verbally enthusiastic about dairy
and that they might have it more abundantly. John 10:10 b
Yay!! Checking It Out Now<U+2665>
idk dude, i do some pretty childish things sometimes!
Going to the #NIU vs. #Badgers game at Soldier Field! Yes :)
so glad you watches face/off
These play off games are great!!
Don't know how many followers I have. But follow me
Anybody in the 505 have a business/restaurant or know someone who does who would be willing to donate gift cards to a good cause?
#1DUpAllNightToNumber1 I've gotten it! You boys will be #1 for sure!
When I need to a taste of reality, my Bestie Steven is always there to tell it like it is...
"Knowledge and power go hand in hand..." - Francis Bacon via Shawn Lawrence Otto at
How can a girl stay with a boy that treats her like shit and manipulates her?
#WeLoveCody #MyDirectionIsOneDirection tweet me these to trends and ill follow yew asap!!!! # NoJoke
ok just makin sure
nope no idea...house party joke....
My phone going to be dead when I wake up in the morning
"Quant jocks" - first time I've heard that term.
ham radios
I have yet to pick up some challah from Any chance that I can change this soon?
No design yet. I told & how I envisioned something w/hugs for interaction. tweet 1
I'll get through this day with FLYING colors. Bless-up
Follow me I am most unusual!
It's Time To Shine Patriots!!! One More Win!!!! GO PATRIOTS!!!!!!!!!
check again lol
RT : RT : "You look happy. Let me see what I can do about that." - Life
Gotta get mom a mothers day card tomorrow
& your beautiful. Inside and out.
RT : Every time I wanna complain, I remember I made this choice
Tonight I will be on Channel 12 News with Suzanne Boyd at 5&7pm check out my interview.
yeaaahhh I dunno. I think metadata is a new concept for these folks. They might need babelfish for our meeting.
RT : Top 10 Social Media Events that Shook the World: 6. Rebecca Black’s YouTube hit, If “Friday” can be called a ‘hit’....
“: I'm a fucking princess. Treat me like one. #bitchbow #now #ISAIDNOW ”
Today was good, today was fun. Tomorrow is another one. Goodnight and sweet dreams to all.
possible tlc tonight for the old hurting hubby?
It's going to get drafty in here tomorrow starting at 6pm....$3 Drafts, till they run out.
He. Nope, just H-Atlantic and H-World (on the first, but the second is just a tad too broad)
when will I see you again?
Damn! Where should we play on our next tour so you can come see us again?
It's the most wonderful time of the yeeearrr. Three teams playing now. Well, two if you don't count
Headed home...
aw i love you too :)
Knicks and Lakers making it a game! Lin..what
LEGALLY marry her, that is.
i love you brittanie marie <3
Are you ok?? I'm on the northwest and its pouring down rain...lemme see if I can find someone in the area..
Details on April issue release party at this Monday, April 11. Hope you can make it! RSVP to 944.com/analogbar
Depends what you want. Green and purple are rolling/grassy. Blue/Black are HILLY and rocky. Ice Age is singletrack.
“Opportunity is missed by most people, because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work
My phone is BLOWING UP thanks to retweeting everyone!
Thanks for the Follow
I got tackled by a rottweiler into the corner of the wall!
It feels good to sit on your ass and get money....I hate working for it
A well put together outfit is all I need to make me feel better
The new patio at at Easton is so nice...thanks for hosting us! ()
James Van Der Beek Talks Mocking Himself On &#39;... B---- In Apt 23&#39;: I Told Writers Don&#39;t &#39;Be Afraid Of Offending Me&#39;
Standing in front of 's bus and looking in just to the point where we can watch How It's Made. Its not as weird as it sou ...
Science exam fml
Loving this...lay down some tracks brotha!
Dude. I felt like I had a contact high from how good that episode was on the ride home.
hm.. not sure. she always has work!
Thanks :D
Anger is one of the hardest emotions for us to allow ourselves to feel as there is a social stigma attached to expressing anger.
We doing OK then? :) Thx for RT! -CV
He brings an awesome Word.
thanks for the follow and support Jenn oh heard you about the lobsters checkout
Ok. Client meeting at 6:30 am tomorrow. Time to sign off from the show.
Patron with new library card wanted the CD section. Is it ethical to say he's cute cute cute?
you look not soo BUSY today. let's SPAZZ ^^
Providence, RI. 81degrees, 57% humidity. Feels awesome!! Screw the living hell that is Phoenix!
Excited to see that will be on #SquawkBox for #StateoftheUnion coverage next week!
did you feel game 7 lakes win was lucky? Rangers Game 7 win was $
Happy birthday, Luke!
I liked the non-pretentious, quirky, light-weight sense of humor in that post!
Hey did you know Planting Fields will be open on Memorial Day? A great place to spend a sunny Monday holiday!
I love va va voom !!! I am just in love with this entire album I give it a 10/10
Fucking horrible week
Defense expert: Bronson "was completely unaware of these kinds of reactions (to Ambien & alcohol) ... behaviors like sleep driving."
Okay well I will get it to you right away!(: thanks!!
Getting my sea legs going with some serious mud and a nip of the baileys.
Twist and Sprout
#FF follow (Whitney Coleman Music)
Was that a great game last night, or what? Thanks for your good work. Baseball is the perfect radio game, and you are great!
Back to the grain for this one...screen writing is no joke!
No, according to their FAQ not enough room according to regulations last time I checked
We couldn't agree more!
We're excited to have you on campus!
its 4 a.m. in my part of the world. Enjoy you're day gorgeous!
Making some new music!!
Anyone know how I can find the top mobile phones used in Africa?
you're blunt
I was impressed by how successful you made wind lake music. I'm sad that it's closing but excited to see what's next!!
It scares me that a bird flying into a transformer can knock out power to 4k people for several days. Wishing I was off-grid
Attractive education destination for Kazakhs
#InTheMorningIMustHave either my chocolate milk, orange juice, or water
yea i been in act for a min just now gettn back to it lol
Niggas throwing fireworks !! Let me tell you it ain't 4thofJuly
Roy: It didn't feel real when I was playing... Shots kept going in and I kept saying, keep taking 'em., keep taking 'em.
my friends and I are interested in doing the Cortlandia. Is it a run or is it like an adventure trail?
Hey you! Thanks!
Happy Birthday, Rich and congratulations on the new album! It's amazing. Hope to go to my first show soon :)
quit trying to justify
well now you know
nice nice! is anyone else coming? ill add the names to the glist = more money to be spent on alcoholic beverages
lol does it matter
"Because someone we Love is in Heaven We feel a little bit of Heaven in our home."
Hope everyone is having a great day!
. From one struggling writer to another, I thought you'd be happy for me. lol
I can't see the moon ...
so the real question is have you had any fun plane rides lately! :-)
Good Luck! Let us know if you have any #HCG Q's RT I'm starting this diet called HCG
hello 2 weeks of summer!
You are so right! :-)
Just saw the girl of my dreams
lacking chest? Check your texts.
ShoutOut to my new follower :-)
Katy Perry's conert is 2morrow cant wait ill be seeing you there girl! i'm gunna meet you too!!!cant wait!! your concert is g ...
Franklin makes another great drive to the hoop, getting fouled during the shot. He hits the FT and the #Aztecs lead 88-85 in OT
Panama Fucking City... is this real life?
droppin them now
"Theatre without beer is just a museum." We feel the same way, Mr. Brecht. The very. Same. Way. Happy Thanksgiving!
I wish would follow me
It's gonna be a celebration here in Dallas tonight...I can feel it!
Brb after I'm done reading this book of RT's by
I Always Have To Compromise
I try to at least stay here every summer, it's amazing!! There's always something to & everyone's so friendly :)
thanks for a great class. Just bought a Teleprompter app for #iPad,so I don't suck as hard as I did this week #practice <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
BREWING APPOINTMENTS AVAILABLE FOR TOMORROW! Call us at (412)906-9400!
It's hard to know nowadays :P
Unless they are playing Da Bears, I'm going to be a Lions fan for the rest of the season... GO LIONS!!! Daaaaaaa Bears Da Bears Da Bears...
so.... cool. Out of my 8 followers 2 of them are like those porn website people
Too bad. It's the only fight casual boxing fans like me want to see
What are you doing consistently to grow yourself & your business?
my wife, is putting on her socks lol
yes honey :)
Four seasons, four 1st person accounts of a woman's awakenings, read the Scags Series: www.sullivanstpress.com/publications
or you could hide under the bed?
#IfICouldIWould Go back in Time right around that time....I Fu*ked up
Dear girl in this photo, #FACT your tattoo is a MAJOR #fail, Sincerely Everyone: mylikes
u stole my quote!! Lmao
Are there any artists who could draw me as a cartoon character? I really want to know what I would look like. Not as a caricature, btw.
THANK YOU!!!
Link doesn't work...?
How rich do you have to be to ask a waterpark about doing a Viking Funeral in the wave pool, w/o a lot of backtalk about drains and filters?
Bieber Fact #290: cancelled a trip to Canada to go see Selena.
I'll give you one clue...pockets! (or generally, in this case...coffers)
Just got a call from my #triathon shop, the #powercranks are missing a part, so I won't get my new training tool for another week or so.
watching jersey shore makes me realize that ur roomates have no idea how hard us poughkeepsie people party.
Leadership Mantra: We MUST serve our team so that we may LEAD.
You always postin some crazy ish
"Nobody followed for me guess you dont want a dm to " the f*ck i didnt! I just did bitch ! Stupid ass liar!!
Pussy for lunch
Could the leaflets stapled to poles also help us move closer, along with other media studies [better historicized], to a spatial humanities?
Just when you think your not beautiful, One Direction comes on the radio and reminds you that you are!<U+2665> xx
Alright. Re-installed in the command center. Time to start the Universal fanfare and get our #IncredibleHulk on.
Compliments on my good oral hygiene at the dentist! Just what this people-pleaser thrives on.
like the B&W profile photo - looks like the professional you are!
So far I am LOVING Julie Bowen's dress at The Emmy's....you? Look for my complete best and worst picks tomorrow at mmagazinemilwaukee.com!
#describeyoursexlifewithavideogametitle dead or alive
Monday! I am ready for you!! :)
Yeah. Also the aerodynamics of the dragon-like things. And Hawkeye's seemingly infinite supply of arrows.
Thats it im going to bed goodnitee. (:
God never ceases to remind me that even when life gets extremely stressful, He's still in control and holds everything together.
iBeach members will have 24/7 access starting Tuesday, March 27th! If you aren't a member yet, SIGN UP TODAY!!
Have an image in my head but still trying 2 find it...HELP-wall art (word/name) u can personalize w/photoframes hanging below/attached 2 it?
Yeah, just gotta keep on keeping on.
yes. He finally had enough of brutal officiating...
thanks for getting crazy with us in El Paso. Great set!!!
Celebrate Preservation Week with us at noon on April 24. Learn about preserving the original manuscripts of Gov. Thomas Jefferson.
awesome wish I could come!! Have a blast!
Thanks. Any idea how long until we can use iy?
You see that new stuff me and are doing called
RT : Latos is looking sharp tonight.
If betting on sports is illegal, why do teams put incentive clauses in athlete contracts for things the BBWAA votes on?
Oh, just the asking for my password every time I break wind. I appreciate it but..
My new creative project - jewelry (pins, earrings, bobby pins, headbands) from recyled fabric from my fashion designer friends. What fun!
thanks dude!
don't do my nephew like that he can sleep with you Lolz
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 54F FOG/MIST
FUN FACT: St. Drunken invented the DD. "Uther, ye sha'n't partake, but only in ginger water, for I shall ride upon ye home good and true."
"Eww I like that picture though"
Haha I usually listen to the Oldies but Goodies on a rainy day! A little Temptations, Dean Martin, Frank Sinatra, o or Elvis.
Waldo is officially squintz!
Check out our NEW LOGO!!!
Being condescending doesn't mitigate GOP #waronwomen. mT what are u stupid pph killed millions of black babies!
Spent morning with Mark Koebrich of 9News as he filmed and New Beginnings Custom Woodworks for a future news story.
A buddy said his girlfriend let him have a 3some with her twin! I asked if he could tell them apart. He told me her brother had a mustache.
i need a cat suit
no because we dont have the money to buy them (yes we have to buy them) and we wont have the money for a while....
Wednesday comedy night on #ABC!!!
Thanks! I appreciate the support.
Welcome to the team Bobby Chu, Christin McMahon, Dylan Harvill, and Antonio Gonzalez!!!!
Now, Lynden mainly depends on HubSpot's Landing Pages and conversion forms
RIP Seau! Ppl, we NEED to be there for each other!!!
Apple Black Friday 2011 Deals Leaked Show IPad iPod MacBook Discounts (PHOTO)
why would they be in the airport when the pack is playing today? No one would fly out if they're real packer fans
Next stop . #BELIEVE <U+2665>
bitch did i say i was
About to watch Hugo... Now if only I can see The Artist!
I feel accomplished I got the highest score in class. Who would of known a 68 would have gotten me this happy!
It's a chilly spring day so try one of our tasty soups! Avgolemono (chicken, lemon, rice) or Vegetarian Lentil
will do :)
did you send me a DM? The message seemed like maybe your account was hacked.
Im gonna end up punching someone in the fuckin face by June 8th
Woke up to find the macbook in a pool of vegetable oil - still works!
Hey coach look! My sweat is orange!
best show ever. It's so good, it seems like it's the only thing on HGTV now.
Ugh, that's too bad. I haven't found that yet, but I imagine I will.
Be sure all your outdoor dog and cat babies have plenty of water. It is a good idea to change water out regularly in 100 degree weather.
Thanks CM, congrats again to Only met you once at #isum10 but remember a fun convo
RT : Show me on the doll where other people's happy civil unions touched you, North Carolina.
best feeling ever! :")
Cate Blanchett spotted in #DC today walking around Georgetown
Groupie u say? Haven't used it yet. What's the best feature?
man I had dun got my grub on.. Wht u up 2.?
yessa : - r u guys allowed to take camera phone pix?
YES! That hipstamatic app is very cool. It's time for me. I still have an old Samsung flip. I am in need of an upgrade!
Jake Delhomme has a job and Brett Favre doesnt....Odd.
Youd think heavens doors have opened.
She is too beautiful!!!! OMG!!!
what's that? O.o
I want to talk to people. Hit me up! :)
DUDE I KNOW! school is finally over so i have time to get on twitter! I MISSED YOU SO MUCH!
*to his cat* "When in doubt, make love!"
went live on Fox 29 Philly this am-acne scarring with Fraxel Dual and Perfecta/smoothbeam. check philly fox 29 to see live rx.
Hehehhehhehehee :D he has a SIX PACKK :D i saw it ;D :)ILYShawty<3
Thanks for the link! These You Tubes of Mike Curtis are great.
ha, not today. I left my panties at home, haha. Panties is such a gross word, yeah?
#Hart! Time for the long ball.
Im comin out harder than 8ball
100% agree...I love Area
are you always getting hacked?
Someone bring me food.. Now.
they are called super fans mike
that sounds gorgeous:)
#hustle this morning with 's APDs w/ and ! Getting' the party started at #empower today
So my one of my goals while working at the radio station was to get 'I Want You' into radio play...
I always seem to like Guys who don't Deserve Me & what I have to Offer. Idky I just Do!
i need to make a new CD
I Hate Movies That Try To Be Realistic But Its Not!!
I hate when people say that follow back on their profile and never do. Didn't your parents tell u not to lie lol
Thankk you. c:
Today's Friday...that means $10 off your new piercing if you have a student ID!!! Yea School!
Watching someone do anything is far more interesting than watching anyone pretending to do something (~ Cry Havoc podcast)
hahah ok, thanks :)
Jeopardy: A; Chipper Jones to retire after this upcoming (his 19th) season. Q: What is a something that makes me feel old as shit, Alex?
you have 3 more years to become friends with them!
dealing with wtc accident/
Lots of Holiday engagements mean that Wedding season is upon us. Excited to help out local Milwaukee Brides.
That's super cool! I'm so excited for you!!! You're going to looovvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeeeee college, trust me lol.
Never disrespect 'the family'. That was a beautiful quote Chipperoni ~ xo
haha no dice! =P states away doesn't help shittttttt.
We're excited too! RT : I'm really looking forward to my trip to CSpan at the end of the month! Mrs. Waid is going to Washington!!
Live sax Saturday! Patrick Rainey of is currently playing saxophone
I hope there's a preference in hootsuite to turn off animated avatars
“: Loving Kacie B! Sweet as pie and a Tennessee girl!! #bachelor” #
Fog-drenched San Fran streets weigh like lead on the beaten-down cons in Anthony Mann's amazing no-budget, close-up classic Raw Deal (1948).
Thank you to: , , for following me!
We've partnered with bands, labels & indie artists for nearly 20 years make more $$ at the merch table. It's what we do. Hit us!!
All of the Lannisters have adept comic timing. Like an ancient bunch of Reiners, they are!
Oh No ! My shitty work computer just went BSOD!!!!
When is the last time someone spoke honestly to you? Completely. Transparent. Free of expectation or hesistation. Be that someone. -Zach.
If you're the type to get giddy abt MLS academy kids, go to Swope tonight. One of the reserves is seven years younger than Teal.
not that one.. lol. That's damn near a straight drop.
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear We Need To Talk - oh shit!
courtney just made this fat boy cry because she was yelling at him because he spilled juice all over me oh my god
Yeah, definitely sucked, though falling short in '93 & '96 were worse for me. Ugh.
its Rainy out and I gotta work ugh
Ro gets sentenced today than he begins his journey... Shit crazy... Really gave my nigga life...
When you don't reply... and I die
Long run Saturday, perfect Phoenix weather. Thinking about how to help my clients improve cash management and improve profitability. CFO.
Wtahcing the & NY play.
": If you tickle me, I'm not responsible for your injuries"
I LUV YA.SEXY ASS
need to stop being lazy and take out my effin contacts before I snooze
Give them all of it and what they don't want they can donate to whoever.
Horse of a Different Color members on twitter.
what was it
I woke up with Apple Bottom Jeans stuck in my head. Does that mean today is going to be good or bad?
Uh... What?! RT : Gresham man runs out of restaurant *on fire!* How it happened and the good sam who saved him at 6
are your USB ports broken?
Hey! Thanks for the note, it wsa nice to hear from you. Filling in for Steph this week. Missyou/talk soon.
Also, there's nothing like seeing a week of mini schedule conflicts work out perfectly. This will be a right lovely week :)
Wade a hoe fa that!
thanks. I will check on it.
and I on the road to premiere #wearewi to show #Canada what Democracy looks like.
Yay ...getting my hair braided monday the way I want it...awww sheesh finna be official for the summer ...^-^
I've been saying it for well over a year now, Mike "The Situation" does a lot of cocaine. He's in rehab for Cocaine. #Its a hell of a drug"
Saw in #vegas last night... What a great show! Was #funny and well put together. Way to go dude! Go see it.
lost my favorite ringg (h&m but it was still pretty fucken cool) :(((
twitter dry
In Tha Cut, In Tha Cut, In Tha Cut..
Citizen Twain with Val Kilmer as Mark Twain, sounds like a potentially delightful fucking mess that I would love to witness. But $60???
: "le slap yourself"
GOOD LUCK TODAY!!!
Great article on Lawrence Weschler. Love his essay "LA Glows"
Uh no ... You on the bad little children list (:
...what has been your favorite #superbowl movie trailer and why? Best, most creative answers win (see previous tweet for prize info)! 2/2
HOW you didn't know that is beyond me :P
Yay, the Ray Kurzweil talk has begun!
Drink lots of fluids.. and definitely take it easy.
already did like 20 minutes ago.
one of my most favorite stores ever - found it by accident when in #Seattle - Its a must if you are in the area!
...moderated by
with Tayloooorr . tonight was the best night of my life .
im that dude hulk calls hulk . Lol
make sure you check out the album
In Downtown San Diego? Why not come to Dobson's for lunch. www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/Lunch_menu At 956 Broadway Circle, near Horton Plaza
So my back is still out...going on four days now. :^(
so wht yu bout to drink?
God Bless your beautiful family Mario
Did they all watch the Kardashian wedding? That may explain why they're sick...
Some artist on young money album will prolly never come out
its crasy how we kill each other like this!
Choochoo train to Davis, CA.
don't blame people for buying fakes. Seen the "Cav/Knicks" IV. Yeah those were fake back in 2000-2003. Ugly bootleg colorway.
"New EveryBlock will make it easier for you to connect with your neighbors and share neighborhood news and discussion"
you killed that dance to the strip song
Check out the largest internet radio station CyberStationUSA.com
Being an Aspie means not being able to explain why you didn't do your homework.
We're all working hard and aiming to be the #Best at whatever it is we do, Support me and I Support u!
Having a wedgie in a public place where you can't pick at it because people will see.
Hii , How are you Liam ? <U+2665>
Prayers w. family of late Rep. Donald Payne.Leader,trailblazer,and excellent rep. of NJ/his constiuents. He'll be missed by all of us.
"Oh I can architect. I designed my apartment."
#VinnieMacNation doesnt have the power of
Check our new Ladies Work Boots
lol welcome to the life ...my sleep schedule too fucked up
#fashtech panel with , , and Getting into the minds of those in the online fashion industry
yeah this is the last week coming up
Forbes: For.... Wal-Mart with $447 billion in sales, even a fine of $300 million would be a piffle.
I predicted Barca 3-0 over Chelsea yesterday and was dead wrong... Nevertheless, I'm calling Real Madrid 3, Bayern 0 tonight.
I got a bday party planned out ill keep u informed july 21st is gonna be my party and the 24th is my actual bday
my wife says your the most influential tweeter and she is a steelers fan. Then again she doesn't have a twitter account.
RT : RT : Patricia Adams (): "By 2015 70% of organizations will institute software license compliance...
Helping a friend start a Twitter page for his band here in Austin - groove infused rock is their calling card. Stay tuned.
You find good (but terrifying) edu stuff. Didn't get all of that last link tho--went to RL's homepage. Resend if u can. Thnx
And 50 minutes of overtime
so many mufuckas gon come & go all i know is the ones that stick with me gon get whatever they want
Good morning and happy Tuesday everyone! Will it rain today, or will the sun continue to shine? Any way, enjoy the day!
Congrats to on her selection to the 2012 #SEC Community Service Team!!
Thanks Heather!
The best paid players in college basketball leave Kentucky for NBA.How long until NCAA has to vacate season for cheating?
When i'm upset i like to cut myself... a nice big piece of cake. <U+2665> <U+2665> ;))
Morning friends...lots of news happening. Maria and Arnold are over! Jury selection in #caca continues. clickorlando.com for the latest
Hey there people. Knock off work early & come down to Lottie's - now open at high noon!
thanks. No get is perfect. But bashir is a war criminal and GOS started genocide in Darius and kills u if ur black or Christian
Okay. I'm caught up with emails from the weekend!
Stretching it all out in 2012-We call it "The Year of The Citizen Activist" Sweet Punks ..get your issues on&make some noise! xxBPunk!
Not so good response i have followed many but not get followed by all so please follow and get followed
lmao tagged you twice. Oops
nah man im going to work as much as i can ! lol
Join the HCPA for PUMPKIN decorating at the Cooper-Siegel Library in Fox Chapel. Free event! Sat 10/15/11 at 1PM.
sounds like an important discussion to me! We were just talking about food trucks tonight
Suspension is the First Step - He Must Be PERMANENTLY Off the Air...He has NO PLACE in 21st Century Media!
That was a major oversight. Remedied now (:
Experiencing a new and exciting chapter in my life
Happy Early Birthday! :-)
Are you belonging to the 21 countries list of New #iPad? If yes, you are lucky!
Good luck!!! just picked up our official 48 Hour EggTimer for our session!!
just interviewed by C-Span Book TV for the book Crawfish Bottom! Stay tuned for viewing times
.. Hello from USA. You are an inspiration for many. Kind of nice to see you enjoy life. say hello to J.
Got woke up for sum bullshit...n decided to take my ass home.......
TO ALL MY FRIENDS THAT ONE TO HELP OUR COUNTRY REMEMBER LOG IN , REGISTER. WWW.COALITIONTOSAVEAMERICA.
RT ": a great ending to a productive day some would say styles! we love sweden" Oh dear.
Happy Penguins playoff eve, everyone!
Your logic is sound there, but extra swings isn't always the solution for every guy.
so true - the comments are indeed hellacious
#AlexFollowMe (: it would make my day! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
My minds made up.
plugging the Kasbah, a newly opened local restaurant we visited last night. Corner of Central and Monroe just east of Nob Hill.
Amazed. Had 30+ gallons of horse poop (yes) in my car yesterday. Used this AM & my car no longer smells like the circus.
Damn Boise State! You guys are crazy.
congrats proud mom!
BFF can't go to party w/us bcuz she use to date host's hubby.WTF years ago, everyone's married & families, she expects me to change plans.
we went to Thao last night. It was fun! We wanna throw like a house party before we leave.
Need to blog about teaching non-techie pre-service teachers to use technology.
RT if u love your delaware fans .... u might not know where that is anyways most ppl dont lol RT?? :D
awww to your tweet!:')
Did you know we have new items added to our menu? Spicy Chicken Tinga, Crab & Lobster Tostada, Roasted Veggie Taco--yum!
Tweeps, any fans of #GameOfThrones I just finished Season 1 in one day. I know I'm a dork but
CASTING CALL FOR FEMALE BARTENDERS,SERVERS,AND SHOT GIRLS...MESSAGE IF INTERESTED!!!!
I have no idea, I think I'm going to hang out with Allison
If you haven't liked us on Facebook go check it out we have our whole EP and the single from our album streaming on there!
so you're driving without a license? D: lol. teach me! :)
#therapists make a #healthychicago , not cuts.
If it weren't for the fact that the TV set and the refrigerator are so far apart, some of us wouldn't get any exercise at all. ~ Joey Adams
warming up for Brew Bracket!
How've you been?
Ausberger's made worse by disenabling them-using music helps empower and enable
#ILoveYouButNotEnoughTo go back to you, again.
its at 14th and meridian in Columbia heights
GREAT shoot today w/ and !
thanks :-) I needed that lol
Did this bitch really just say we gonna have a threesome? HAHA HELL NAAAA
what are your #presidentsday plans?
How about nonprofit tech conferences? How do u feel about those? Do u have any interest? How about emailing me about that?
Good Morning! Have a Terrific Tuesday.....SPREAD LOVE
Kasana for the holidays! Let us create enjoyable and delicious gatherings for your family, work, or friends!
I love you too (:
Voters will start receiving their ballots for the June 5th Primary Election later this week! RT and tell us why you're supporting
#NowPlaying The Heavy, Also courtesy of my Dad
"Innovate: Education - The Next Literacy" via
-- Always happy to!
you got any tracks from the westside with love II? I'm gettin hyped for that drop at midnight
ec5tn9o465v84b4unn6nb7i8m8o,wv...i dont know what im doing right now!?
Congrats! You have worked so hard!
he finally joined the club
I don't know, but I all I know is that Jessica Mendoza is cute lol!
haha i would walk around
Managed to snag the last two pies at Trader Joe's, keeping me from ruining Easter dinner! The Easter miracle continues!!
Do people hear themselves when they talk? Thank you pandora for saving me.
nice one jay!!! thanks!!!!
txting and stuff bored
The only reason men shower is because they enjoy company from time to time.
should be able to make it, I thought it was in June.
you look like a slut.
not being argumentative, just don't get. Good intel, tho, just odd conclusion to me.I'm done, sorry.
Writing seems to be in the air. OK, chp 1 of my dissertation...how many espresso shots can baristas legally serve?
I now expect Kitchen Nightmares to be on all the time and am pissed when it isn't.
still tweet me. Be that shit was no good. I waited too long to bring that one lol.
Green jacket, gold jacket, who gives a sh*t?
Lemon party?
YOUR THE REASON I STAY UO UNTIL 11:11 WISHING U WILL FOLLOWME BUT U NEVER NOTICE IT WOUKD MAJE MY WORLD IF U FOLLOWED ME <3333
Sorry I missed u earlier. At work now. Told u I work odd hours!
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 2
Presenters comparing themselves to Bert and Ernie :-)
Do not loose focus of the reason #God called you. If you stay focused you will be
so we need to get dinner or coffee before you leave.
Don't try to convince me that you know me better than I know myself unless ur God
in 2009 alone, 2,200 veterans died from a lack of health insurance
But if I let you go I will never know What's my life would be Holding you close to me
Hi Mila, how is your day going so far?
good man. Gotta get you over here soon
Thanks for sharing this post. We have similiar discussions at ATLA (American Theological Library Association). Cheers,
We strive to help those who cannot afford their medications. If you know someone who cannot afford their medicines, let us know.
got something on your mind? -B
Thanks for the #FF!
he got a good spot! :)
Here he go with this bull shit NOT TONIGHT Theo....
That's gorgeous. Sad your bus is stuck. Boston got maybe an inch of snow this year. Maybe I'd feel different if I lived in YEG
Welcome to new followers. Looking forward to growing this medium together!
...were fated to pretend...
nun too doo its halloween sitting in the house bored hmu
i @ u hoe so u know its real
thanks to my great friend and the Direct marketing and Social media guru. I love The Jewelry Gene
after yalls show on April 29th, we should all get get wafflehouse c;
oh haha just kidding
Listening to Chet Atkins on morning commute. Rather upbeat and surreal music for NYC trains.
We're going to have a multi-ethnic, curvacious, brilliant, peace-loving woman for president of the US... Cuz I said so.
A man sharing a mans story, waking the passion
Gas Cans: #IHaveAnIdea ! Why don't they have a light red one so you can see the level of gas thru the plastic when filling up the can? 51112
So, how dost thou feel about David Tennant? :)
Kershaw's career numbers vs. #Brewers before today's game: 1-2, 6.23 ERA, 14 BB. Can't keep that guy down forever.
will do
can't forgot about you ;)
Congratulations and best of luck! ^bw
Move on..
Blood Drain Angel's Story get it now! PF has info
lmao I guess so they all white lmao
Poll Question: Better call: Do you believe in miracles or wa wa wee wa?
Eat pad thai like every day...
gon drink some #RonRonJuice fucking disgusting lol but it's gon keep me awake and buff
ive been counting down 40 days since saturday haha
a.) i love and will miss helm. b.) shanahan you let detroit, and all decent folks down today. c.) refused tonight. d.) coffee
Nails done hair done everythin did
That awkward moment when every bell of your Physics class missed the same exact question, with the same exact answer..
You've got the right idea, boss.
baby its cold outside
My art teacher just said one direction....this is better than Christmas!
Thank you for all the help tonight!
joins us for our weekly #MoneyMonday wakeup: Jobs, corporate earnings, recovery and the Fed..oh my!
The Roc Stars travel to Lehigh Valley to take on the Hissy Fits, this Saturday 5/29! Wish them luck!
for a td! :-) loving my bears offense today!
EVERYONE FOLLOW ! Shes da best ! And loves austin mahone !
Ready to upload these pics from our photoshoot courtesy of
I feel bad that I'm using #seo jedi mind tricks to access content behind Wikipedia's #SOPA wall ::cough:: view cache ::cough::
Listened to some polka music while driving this morning.
An ice cold Yuengling. Not my favorite beer though. I prefer Harp or Dos Equis, but it'll do for tonight :)
Great interview at Dodger Stadium yesterday!!!
"pissed off for greatness!"
Issues raised on conventional mortgages because of controversial energy home loans might be solved through a new FHA program.
- about to hit the GYM n thought of our extended Hollywood workouts back in the Runaway Train days.
I'm going to my #futurehome today to!
RIP Victor aka Lazy V.
Posting vaginas on instagram? Where they do that at lmao
"Sticky bras are so awkward."
wherever well almost anywhere lol
your the only one who said hi back
im not following n ask mama for i told her n i am n school dummy
This is becoming all too depressing.
My mom said to me "guess whose doing the dishes tonight?" ...I hit that Soulja Boy & said "YOU!"
I'm glad (: I just find the whole ordeal very funny and childish; but hey! Whatever floats your little kid boat!
Special? You've been telling everyone who would listen for years! Happy that the situation continues to pertain :)
i like the way i spelled his name :/
2 ALL MY PEEPS, HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! TAKING THE NIGHT OFF 2 SPEND W/FRIENDS & FAMILY. HAVE AN AWESOME 2012 :)
What? No wise comments from Kim?
we testing the 40 yard dash ?
So cute!
Played truth or dare and dared my cousin to stick her head in freezing cold water... She did it. I didn't think she would...
Michael Norris Spectral Plugins are free. Make sure you have a recent version of audacity that really takes outside plugins.
There is just something about a man that can play an instrument and sing
Thank you for your offer to help with photography!
fuck van halen and fuck crystal pepsi they can both suck my fucking dick.
We got a new co-owner to the account! :D - Jesseca
my pleasure, thanks for inspiring so many to get & stay
you could actually watch it after how
I'm not sure how I feel about two chainz...
Hey !! Like Divine Blue ?! Check us out at twitter.com/divineblue and press that like button !! Don't forget that follow !!
Hey its like can't do nothing about it
By my book I meant my copy of your book. I'm not carrying around a Yearbook.
I have to get ready for work, but this cat won't stop trying to cuddle!
Special congratulations to Dave (one of our estimators and supervisors) and his wife who is in labor right now!!
Men's Warehouse tries desperately to be younger with hats. I can only assume they got it wrong, as I, too, am fashion-clueless.
I WANNA BE JUST LIKE MY MAMA & BE A GR8 WIFE TIL DEATH DO ME & MY HUSBAND PART ALSO I DONT BELIEVE IN DIVORCE
For I would rather be stricken blind than to live without expression of mind.
Yep. RT FOIA needs business-process reengineering & digitalization, if anything ever has.
if u have a Wii and a broadband signal plus a netflix membership, u can play games or watch any movie you want.
play like u already won
So close to summer... < 2 weeks till another year of college is in the books for these guys!
lol or maybe just a lil bit :P
youre always in a coldplay mood
I also love the hunger games :-)
Day 2 of Teaching with Primary Sources Train the Trainer. I'll be available for all your LOC TPS needs after Weds!
It may not fix it...but it's a start...lol
GTE was at the Contour event last night at Jane's House. Free drinks from Titos Vodka and Sweet Leaf and Pop Chips to munch on. Fun event!
I really admire people who can get up right when their alarm goes off.
Grow your businesses by ramping up your current programs or adding coaching to your offerings
HAHA! Talk to Paul- He always got an answer!
Trying to cut down on those really sugary fat ass muffins, so I keep ordering bran muffins by "mistake"
Just making a periodic sign to say hello to peeps.
Kids Eat FREE on Wednesdays at Lu-Lu's at our Milford Rec Outlet w/ adult meal; Get 20% off in gift shop thru 2/21 w/ coupon on our website
Can everyone please pray? RIP Logan.
RT : Just got accepted to speak at a conference in Sept. Southern California here I come! > Awesome!
...then again, it could also have something to do with my book cravings right now. WHY did I give up fiction-reading for Lent??
ah! I see
Former teammate, good friend & lifelong Cubs fan's FB status: "Cubs are only a half game out of first place. Let's enjoy it while we can!"
What will you be doing this easter?
Getting new jerseys is like getting new shoes, it's always the best day ever.
Chris and Colin are playing an acoustic set at the Clarion University "Bands and Barbeque Benefit"
lol i'll be waiting my phone in my lap
girl what?! lol
she'll be 2 months tomorrow so maybe growth spurt is the answer! So then I get to buy her new clothes soon :)
Thanks so much! Awesome stuff you are working on... Have a great Wednesday!
SAG & AFTRA will merge!!!
Wine Wednesday! Take a friend in tonight to celebrate the holidays! 50% off all our bottles on our wine list!
take a shit
LinkedIn just outdid itself by sending me a 'hey, come work for us' email. LOL. Lameness.
Get u a hobby!
RT : taking the stage with at
#Imagine Austin: there are two things that i want to give you. You: what? Austin: my heart and my last name honey
First request for materials! This job season already better than last.
The real iPhone5 is coming out! Are you going to have owned one?
Part 2 here we go!!!
It is so painful to listen to Tampa announcers.They were calling Pena's shot out! Tell that to Swisher.smh
Thank you for finally letting us watch someone punch the crap out of Pete Campbell!!
Last week Wednesday we tapped 's Black Iron I.B.A! This beer is now flown' so get in here and try it!
just asking :)
I love the tv show bones
Thanks for the RT - nice to reconnect with my past #ADPR1400 students through Twitter!
I love you so much baby (: <U+2665>
Favorite poet + favorite actor + favorite radio show = HAPPINESS!!!!
Yea I have got some of those. But being new thought it was a norm.
Payrolls growth below expectations at 115K, unemployment falls to 8.1%. Mixed report.
I feel so fat tonight. i. dont. know.
i just want to let you know that you inspire me to want to get better at my tumbling! i wish i was as good as you <3
listening to rich girl omfg
lol! i know.
agreed! Gray's Papaya on West 8th!
Warehouse live with hanging out watching the show.
is there anyway yhu might be able 2 follow me
Pls, understand: It's arguable that journos don't ~need~ to create; every phone-carrying citizen = photojournalist
Heading out shortly to #LBGP. Pro/Celeb Race, FIL and INDYCAR qualifying, + ALMS race, Steppenwolf concert.
is lookin hot with the motherboard hat!
RT : "We're the best-kept secret. We'll have our first ABC game in awhile. So people are going to find out about us." - Roy Hibbert
it was austin mahones dog from his childhood :(
thanks for the mention!
RT : An Aloha mom was arrested twice in 2 days after her toddler was found wandering the street, alone in nothing but a diaper.
Long weeks of classes this week but the GF makes everything better
“: Met today with one of the founders of happening this July folks!!!” cheers, Dane!
Mcalisters sweet tea <U+2764>
then i would eat you.
I can't wait! Jaja. Love you so much :D
u guys r so adorable :)
I feel #like #partying .?
...did you know 90% of soybean farmers cannot reuse their seeds after a planting? The seed company SUES them if they do.
Wyclef Jean to run for president of Haiti? Why not celebrate with a free trip to Vegas? Http://gotovegasfree.com
Which one are you?
Anyone have any Super Bowl thoughts to share going into this weekend?
We are free from the law of sin and death. All judgment for our sins were removed at the cross!
great article congrats mr page
Thanks for all the congratulations on my newfound MLA delegacy!
Be sure to stop by the mall this week and see the artwork on display from many talented Albemarle County School students!
Just spent the last 4 hours searching for my truck keys. I hate it when stuff grows legs and walks away
I'd be stoked to see that too! I just can't keep up with when they hate each other and when they don't B-)
I dig the music, keep it up <3
Our 420 party is officially on! Happy 420 Albuquerque!
#20factsaboutme 4) I love the scent Japenese Cherry Blossom from Bath&Body Works!
What really happened to Butch and Sundance? FREE Kindle download of Escape, A Wyoming Historical Novel. Humor, history, romance.
Thanks for the mention!
LOL: Florida vs Kentucky. The Wildcats have taken over this game like the true paid professionals they are. I am enthralled!
Too many players is rather a luxury problem! (Lucky to have a full count of 4 plus me each week)
Look at it like the DC or Marvel universes. Justice League & Teen Titans share it & interact. X-Men & Avengers do same thing.
“: dat'll kount ,” -- That's sad, why am I even following you?
yep: too long
i play slow pitch, I'm too scared to play fast pitch lol I tried it & hurt myself.
Both look the same
Penguins of Madagascar Christmas was so cute and funny!
I'm not unfollowing you because I dislike you as a Twitter person...I'm just trying to avoid sexy spoilers of
Matt King shout-out-ing the
only got through the first few minutes. Didn't like any of the cast. And quite frankly, Bravo over did the promos. No go show
#10ThingsiShouldHaveSaid I know exactly how it's going to end....
Cleaning my house top to bottom when I get hme....im thinking steak and potatoes tonight...or pizza and hot wings....
#DenverNuggets are playing horribly against a sub-par team in the #Pistons, 17min to turn this game around!!
our cat is giving my backpack a bath
happy birthday!!! Have a great day!
#oomf just blew me
I swear I think sometimes Gaga thinks her face is a coloring book...
Women with free redbulls? Awesome.
Idgaf who come out the west. My team running through it all. OKC the only speed bump.
Who needs to go out on a Saturday night when you have the high octane combo of Cops and America's Most Wanted?
Austin lives 5 hours away from me. Now he's going to be 5 states away from me! I live in TEXAS!!
Also, check out - great resource
RT Day 2 of American #CraftBeer Week = enjoying an Oberon from ,..Can't wait to wrap up the week at on Saturday
good night everyone!
#gigis cupcakes are the Best in Atlanta!!!
I know :) if he was real omg ... I would love him as a best friend!!!
Sad to hear that MCA died today, he will be missed.
ill tell you @ the party. You are going to think I am stupid but it always puts me in a bad mood!
RT : We have a Supreme Court that thinks corporations are people, money is speech and broccoli is health care.
what happened?<U+E401>
Pretty good day, can't complain, but life's way too short to complain anyway! Friday tomorrow yes I like it!
RT if u keep dreaming of being
I hate two faced people, it makes it hard to decide which face to slap first.
YES. RT The comical retelling of an otherwise convoluted early novel is such a crucial conference skill.
LGA <U+2708> CMH. Excited to see my family, friends and the DOcrew!
what is speed databasing exactly?
(i,e, in order to click with someone, you have to be mentally reflective in at least a few ways.)
Life's to short to sit & think about all the bad things when there's so much happiness that you seem to look past, just look you'll find it!
HawthorneBV will be serving the Hertiage Menu on Monday, Labor Day. Drop by to enjoy some .99 cent cheeseburger and $1.29 shakes.
Any sessions that will touch on #Pinterest for #nonprofits?
is going to do family stuff in LA, I hope there's a place to sleep.
LOL. I will eat...no worries, I will have your hours soon! ;-)
yep. Funny shit.
Incredibly long day fundraising and now finishing up a meeting with local leaders. Love this!
oh lol x mine is pink and purple lol xx i love it rite from tome and r u on facebook
my mom just said instead of going to concerts I should just buy the cd....HAHAHA RIGHT MOM!
Ok! I left you relative (aunt?) a message. Thank you! What flavor? Triple berry maybe? Packer swirl?
The end of the line forms behind me!!
A typewritten envelope is awesome! And my 1st target acquired~my best friend freshmen year of high school. Now to find his address...
which show? I know there are still tix available for LA and SF
Definitely a #mudmelt moment! :)
good choice. Wouldn't want suspension...
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time
which neighborhood is that? i'm ridin' my moto home and don't want to run into this swarm :P
If I don't respond to you, i'm tweeting from my phone.
Today is Friday ! What are your weekend plans?!
Women like to play the victim, when really we knew he wasnt on shit from the begening.
Looking forward to #GrowCo in Las Vegas next week!
Best friends never have to "say" they are your friends. Their loyalty shows it.
All Parents/Teachers and anyone who works with HS students are encouraged to tell them about the AUGUST WILSON MONOLOGUE COMPETITION.
Wondering what will happen to Pontiac now that it will not longer be under the GM umbrella.
What are you writing today? And glad you liked London Bridgez. ;)
Hanging out at #OMS12 getting ready for to speak about building brand and creating customers via social media.
gave the famous "caitlin drury bump" about my favorite coffee place ever (you!) to the boys at Profeta in LA
waiting for the overdose
#Whitneycnn "Change Had to Come" Long time coming...
You're beautiful.
": Sexy does not equal slutty." Ha, fine line. But you know when it is crossed.
#bored wanna chill? :-)
I'm laughing too hard right now cus of #oomf text messages. That wine n Chips Combo lol
I just followed again/ I don't know why some of my friends unfollow. I am a nurse not a techy :) Blessings!
Commission votes to move forward preliminary final Congressional maps to a public review period.
YA we do....Let me know what you want...
not yet. I'll tweet when we have a plan
nice kicks!
likes the name since that's the way records are stored at NARA!
Just shouted out and tweets for
Great new way of gifting monies to someone to help with thier closing costs when purchasing a home. Contact me for details.
On camera interview tomorrow with Tom Lutz, writer, critic, and editor of for
Get ready! #SCOPENewYork VIP gift bags will be stuffed with goodies from amazing sponsors like
Ima get that tattoo this summer, I told rayna about.
Come join us at this historic event May 2nd 2010. This event will benefits foster children.4 info go to www.waterfordlakeslatinfestival.com
Ahahha we are on now
short texting <<
"Think left think right and think low and think high. Oh, the things you can think up if only you try!" Happy Birthday, Dr. Seuss!!
The music on Will Downing's 'Today' EP has such a calm and soothing effect, it makes me wanna sit on the floor and chant "Om." Good stuff.
Whatever, you know I love seeing you guys!
I'm watching cooking channel and that grilled cheese truck is being featured! Lol
So if I tweet less I'm actually tweeting more? I like that.
S/O for having new Jordans everyday n having swagg! N I see you with Xcarett lol
please follow me<U+2665>
Stunt work on Madea's Wotness Protection...Sorry I haven't been onset yet Denise Richards, but better late then never...lol
Russell Wilson is a class act, goes and checks on York as he is getting carted off the field.
Thank u so much, I greatly appreciate that!
Justin, hope you love the book like Desi and I did! It is truly un-put-downable!
Did NOT need to see that.
Don't forget to order lunch for your office. Call now and we can deliver!
love the new card... fingers crossed i'll see a little milwaukee love too!
looks like your wife's the seahag, tubbs. Haha
2013 Lincoln Navigator: A redesign planned for the 2013 model year is currently on hold.
#KeyWest of course!! RT : #Travel Tuesday, if you could be anywhere today where would your travels take you?
Studio Sundays tonight at 9pm with ChiIL Productions
RT - Bad news for the #Fins fans: David Garrard and Jake Delhomme both refused Miami #Dolphins offers.
When your talking behind my back feel free to bend over and kiss my ass
Today I learned that there are only 3 unique pictures of pizza on Pinterest ... All the rest are duplicates.
thank you I'll check out!
Any know know where I can find, borrow, or buy a pair of rain boots for an audition tomorrow?? 10.5 men's or larger?
you're fabulous!!
About to preach my first sermon at 5pm on Mark 2:1-12. Prayers appreciated. Address: 5510 W Sam Houston Pkwy N, Houston 77041
so much fun!!! I want to go again hahaha
Today: more fun with 80s synths for the new Toxic Bag release...more details soon.
So I kinda gave up on Austin seeing my video!
Final #keywest Songwriters Festival schedule posted. We're at the Gardens Hotel Fri at 4pm and #somokeywest champagne brunch noon Sun.
bitch shut up you cant get the dick anyway lol
ARTS is also especially thankful to Mike, Steve, and Joe @ SavSec for designing and launching our new website: www.areasontosurvive.org
RT : NEW Giuliana & Bill tonight! STYLE network at 8/7c. Retweet 4 chance 2 win amaze piece of jewelry from my closet!
I know rite
hang in there. Lol
Match one
The best relationships are the ones that not everyone knows about
I believe we are done. Nothing to be gained from this inane conversation.We live in two different worlds and we will never agree
Makes sense..
No chance.“ On the bright side, that half was so ugly that Nickelback may actually IMPROVE the overall quality of proceedings.”
So Mad At My Parents Right Now,
I wanna make love.
I'm going to #firstfriday at MCA and then out on the town. U?
#eltonjohn is really funny ....
Truck just showed up and I'm here by myself plus its hot as fuk outside.. FML.
If you don't know where you are going, you'll end up someplace else.
Really anxious for this session on SEO and social media. Now if they could just get past the tech difficulties.....
Already thirsty for some cocktails tomorrow #Buzzcation May start pregaming at Happy Hour in a couple hours!
I smell weed :3
Damn butterflies.
Sometimes I dont like Hitler
if twitter-bots were smart they'd put 'philosophy of science' or 'queer theory' in their profile because i'd follow back every time
Im not gonna make it tho. Lol
I like standing
it may be available online too
My life's not perfect, but every moment by your side is.
What are you doing sunday May 6th? Want to join our Cheering Station for the Avon Walk for Breast Cancer?
ha! Was still on the plane waiting for everyone to pull large suitcases out and leave. Luckily, we're rebooked on a new flight.
Glad to hear that<U+2665>
Can someone give me a shout out for more followers? I'll give you one in return <3
Yeah you can ignore me.
"It's time for human trafficking to be eradicated in Atlanta." This is passion that can make a difference. Follow
Merry Christmas
Welcome honored to be the 1st person you're following ;-)
You just became my favorite person on twitter RT in the Final Four...written in ink.
Can not believe I have clients"that love us,great work!" bookkeeper trying to get them to pay, & they are trying to poach her! NYC lawyers!!
role model for any/all aspiring journalist, albeit in a sports context or otherwise. She was on that Sandusky beat for MONTHS
Monday night at triumph. Warmest jam in the city.
Just got done argueing wit my my we need 2 stop cuz guess who always wins my mom.....lol luv yall :)
#CelebrityApprentice was great last night. I am quickly becoming a fan of - he and are my odds on favortites
We're going to be holding events in April to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the trial of Adolf Eichmann. Stay turned for more details!
that'd be sick but swea to god ibwas thinking forearm or maybe on my calf
Football is NOT all about execution. WHAT you execute successfully is what matters.
's "Insights to the Sensitive Temperament" workshop has begun!
I know! Like a lot of them actually seem good this season!
Congrats dude!
Please dont look right through me it hurts my heart when you do that to me
Last Thursdays on Alberta..:.
just took a class on how to write Grant Proposals.. Very Involved stuff. I've got a lot of work ahead of me.
"All I can say to the young players is, enjoy every moment of it. Just enjoy every moment of it." -Mario Lemieux. ENJOY IT!
#brewers win
I miss the sound of ur voice& I miss the rush of ur skin& I miss the still of the silence As u breathe out &I breathe in
go away
ON WRAL NOW - Got questions about your children's health? Local pediatricians are taking your calls from now until 7 p.m. Call 919-744-3877
We are our own form of The Brady Bunch. All I need are you guys.
That's the guy you wanna see gone if you're a card fan
Remember Draw Something?
We have an excellent Warehouse – I0585 A confident man manager with a proven track record in warehouse, transport and distribution sectors.…
I wanna say don't you have a game to be focusing on? But for what? It's just gonna be another loss..
that's an interesting take...
Happy mothers day to all the great moms out there.
Although Nymphadora Tonks did get nekkid, so ... you know ... stuff balances out.
Is #Selena gonna come out in hologram form?
looking for interesting things to do in Boston from October 8-28 that is a lot of days to fill in and show tourists
This is spot on. Having worked in fin svcs I couldn't agree more. Funny thing is a lot of these are universal.
“: using a leaf blower to clean the studio may just be the best idea I've ever had...” would have loved to see that...
Upon seeing big bro look out the window, the lil girl wanted to rush to see what he was looking at. Lil sis is terribly confused.
Kansas City has a lot of great things to offer in the way of musicians! Be sure to support your local artists!
I want my shift to be over already <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
congrats on signing with Seattle! I miss you so much!
u slangin kittens, im slangin hawks!
O, good to know!!
I knew my mother had it in for me from a young age. My bath toys were an electric toaster and hair-dryer.
If you ain't talking money stay the fuck from round me
Well...it's official my art work has inspired at least one person.
If we could break down those walls.. to set you free, we would. Cause we out here. And we miss you. If we could build a ladder that tall..
What's up, DixieDawg?
her name is Sydney and when she thru it everyone was like ah hell but she wants to be a basketball cheerleader
Ok cool no worries man have a good evening and we ll chat soon daryl
RT : App allows you to see - landing times of all flights and wait times - you can better plan your commute
Life Is What You Make It !
Thug Life One Wife A Mistress And A Girlfriend
watching Battlestar Galactic on netflix,how did I miss that on TV it is so good like eating potato chips
link doesn't work :(
lol im having a lazy dayy, dont wanna get off bed.
Don't know if it's connected but having pain in the upper part of my right breast I'm male. Think I will stop & talk with nurse on Friday
I loved this infographic so much when I first saw it. Makes me want to do a history-related one.
nice, that's what im getting.
At Alison Kraus & Union Station concert waiting 4 them 2 come onstage. So exciting!
Payback, is a bitch.
I WOULD LOVE TO SEND YOU A GIFT PACKKAGE EXCLUSIVELY FROM COMPLETE LENGTH 3135222307, OFFICE 5869352461
Each day do something that will improve yourself or your surroundings.
STOP IT! So jealous! That will be amazing! Have so much fun! When are you in DC next?
I was supposed to go to sleep at 9 tonight..
TONIGHT!!! 9:00pm NO COVER! Let's do some
draw me
welp nfl draft it is then!
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe when my roommate hasn't washed the dishes in 3 weeks that's what!!
We're glad you enjoyed your trip to the Nature Museum! Rest that voice and come back soon!
This world of hate, war and money is just a dream we're all living. Because REAL life is beautiful, its perfect in everyway.
Oh man I had forgot about Blue October. Def will be looking into tickets for this!
Ooh wee! Gotta get me some in-tell-ee-jint deezine Miss
Some people don't like to show there feelings all the time. They try to tough it out on the outside but the inside theyhurt
Thanks Follow Your A True Awsome Guy Parhaps I Could Meet You In Florida Next Month For My Birthday It Would Mean To Me Alot :)
Blown away by both Mark and Matt's stories about connecting with grandfathers they never knew--their parents hadn't even known.
Okay, glad I'm not the only one. I thought maybe my leg was just generating more heat than usual. Well it will be nice come winter!
when will the live shows begin
Where was this at? “: Thanks Comcast Spotlight! Fun event, we had a blast in the style salon!! Not gonna lie, I'm exhausted!”
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kickboxing
If you're a Heat fan and you've got LeBron, Wade, and Bosh and you're getting lit up by Roy Hibbert, David West and Tyler Hansbrough.....
Manning to Denver. Let's sign him up for Rainbow Rewards!
Can I fax an acceptance of admissions form? If so, what is the fax number?
Check out the news tonight THE LAZOMBIES made it again
really. That's awesome. Im slowly finding out just how many people I know here.
Opportunities abound. Pay attention. Open your eyes. Be open and flexible!
you're welcome
bummer. Thanks for looking into it for me. I appreciate it!
Had a great time this morning speaking to the students at What could be better than mentoring our city's next leaders?!
I just got a kindle and keep trying to use it like it has a touch screen.
joshua tree taught me the sumptuousness of silence.
"if you can dream it, then realize it" ! Good night folks :)
Cold + Windy + Damp = Dusty House, Unwashed Dishes & Bare Cupboards
thanks for this courageous move, David.
That tat is creepy... kinda cool, but creepy LOL
#conconf Very cool application is Layar, designed in the Netherlands. It's at layar.com or watch-it on YouTube.
look at Harris Pub across brands esp the big ones like Dog News, Quiltters, etc
I must be a prime target or a virus magnet...tried to watch the Bengals on my laptop and 4 hours later it is still a mess!
Self centered hoes. <
hey Rex how are you
goodbye my love goodbye my friend <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
All 3 of Gossip Girl's lead male actors are on the top 30 most stylish young men in Hollywood list <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I'm offended by retailers who jump the Xmas gun. So it goes every year-eventually I'm offended by all rampant consumerism
The loudest person in the room is normally the brokest.
sure. I believe that. ;) Also I haven't seen you yet! Sadness.
only would have a vodka tasting event on a tuesday night.
i can help you :) im a very boisterous person.
Guess who's going to North Carolina this summer!?
Note to self: read Bob's book, Sprawl.
5: ask him if he likes sleeping, and if he says YES tell him 'you like sleeping, I like sleeping..lets do it together sometime;)
Special Thanks To Jazze Pha For Becoming An Official Platinum Sponsor For "Networking In Atlanta" OH BOY Jazze
Oh! What are u doing there? O humidity kills! Especially when ur from AZ like us ;) do u ever get to go back home &visit?
MRNG PEOPLE, JUST GETTING UP, SMH, TIME 2 HIT THE STUDIO. HOPE YA SEEN THE VIDEOS, OF THE THIEF WHO STOLE MY DJ EQUIP. POSTED ON MY WALL???
Here's thinking about y'all and the wrinklies! Everything OK?
TAASK is opening up for some great bands tomorrow like "Better Than Ezra " we play at 4:30 pm at "Shamrock the Station" Atlantic Station
promotion on my page. FREE!
#justkidding it happened!!! :D followed me!! This makes him like the coolest person ever!! Thank you Brandon!! :) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Miss ya buddy :-)
Don't feel bad, My liver is still sore from my last visit to 1oak :)
How's my Twitter Famiy Doin today
Thanks for including us in your NM Daily!
RT : I wana conduct a chess session with
#Nokia goes in air with #JetAirways!
i already have it .
My God that would be intense.
Baking Powder in my pancakes leaves a bitter taste in my mouth.
Refraining from tweeting snarky comments while at a conference is one of my biggest temptations.
Yep. Tell Gaika I'm bringing my sub contra Eb double bass woofer trombone next time.
You lucky world traveler, you! Happy to get a taste of Italy in the meantime :)
had a good time today with dat baby man
oh how fun
First time in Harlem...Man...I feel like Sean Penn right now...LOL Seeing the Apollo did wonders for the country soul boy...
It's getting harder to breath
She Fell In Love Now She Feel Stupid Cause She Know I Toot It Nd Boot It.
stop by Trader Joe's for something healthy after 5Guys
Thinking about The National Broadband Plan from the FCC... Broadband's great, but what if you don't have a computer?
well come to me, baby. I'm full of fire, with Venus in Scorpio. I'll burn you with passions that have no limit (or boundaries)
The only show I ditched was (sad to say) J Mascis. The Edie Brickell singalong was just too much.
Follow up to interview: What would an East and/or South Stand expansion raise capacity to?
Carlos Baute's voice.. <U+2665>.<U+2665>
thats a coin toss
JR Seau is the 8th member of the 94 Chargers to die before age 45
Thank you, I'll redirect from to
Stunning halftime stats: | Northwestern passing yardage | Badger running yards | (248 and 17 disrespectively)
is that permanent ink?
Crying cos NSN concert is sold out tomorrow :'(
how is everybodys cinco de mayo tonight???
hahaha your grandma is awesome
“: Less than a week til my birthday!” I can't wait :)
Check the website soon for drinking/tailgating games
Word yo, that's like all we ever do haha
Exactly two months until the home opener! Who's coming out?
The historical fate of Native Americans has been recognized reluctantly, but not public knowledge about the fate of their languages.
("Black Panther" Poem Of The Day: by "Black Panther" NEETTA BLACK - (From The Strong Collection) - at amazon.com.)………. " Educated Fools"………
Say firmly:/"We will not have questions answered by irrelevant agencies, /Our husbands will not come to us, reeking with carnage, +
I will be friends with him and we'll speak Swedish and then I'll arrange your marriage. IT'S ALL GOOD.
I love those "talk nerdy to me" shirts. If I saw a girl wearing one, I'd be more likely to go up and talk to her.
I wish my parents would feed me
NY will be missed, looking forward to breathing again outside the big bubble.
Follow your dreams and the money will follow you
Sorry....which Lis? I know two...lol
Hands down, #TheAvengers was absolutely amazing!! Can't wait to see it again!
well if that's not calling the kettle black ;)
ahh love this weather, feels like summer!
be safe in your travels. Although I don't condone, I would have done the same thing bro!
my truth is to alex, "Truth is, I think I know you"
2k11 , you changed my life this year . -- way too much . /:
Let a real nigga make it right;)
I have an audioboo from the training on my fb page & also have a small posting on what i learn't on my blog
If ANYONE can answer this PLEASE do, what actions have you personally seen to help the 9% of unemployed U.S citizens?
are the Seahawks the first US sports team with a losing record to have home field advantage?
ms yingling reads blog is great # titletalk
DVR Alert - Tony Nominated Constantine Maroulis and the cast of ROCK OF AGES will perform tomorrow night on 'Dancing with the Stars' on ABC!
is unstoppable!
Spice girls brighten up my day
institutional review boards are dumb.
12 weeks today!
20 minutes in a phone tree with GE Bank to fix their own error. #ExploitedCustomer FTL.
The Avengers is awesome. Not as good as The Dark Knight though.
Can I submit you a mix CD of me & my rapper D.Griff ,so you can get it up there?
percent of panel attendees who barely listen to discussions of cutting edge tech trends as they play around on their ipad2? 40
both on the same person?
Remembering those who lost their lives on 9/11. May they rest in peace and may God bless America today and always.
you won't make a shout out on tv stating that I'll be on the radio with you next Saturday! We will be a killer duo no doubt.
everyone knew ;)
I'm mad at voc. rehab again. Yeah Fla.!
#FF who gladly follows anyone who likes books
Thank u so much 4 following! Sharing #experience, #strength & #hope w/ others. Create a wonderful Friday!
be that way -_-
they r big
Cheated on my Fears. Broke up with my doubts. Got engaged to my faith and now I'm marrying my Dreams.
Some ppl need to forget about the ppl who had hurt thm & move on with life
This class sucks.
I haven't been in a while, but yes, that's what I believe it pertains to.they think we have our own biz and want their piece
It is thanks 2 for a great writeup & pics of your place I am eating vicariously through
We will be in Indy saturday night to tear the roof off the Five Points Conservation club for the Annual Halloween Party for Cancer.
Some outreach organizers are trying to fundraise for people to go to DC...Really hoping we're going to have a strong presence!
I will be teaching to chemistry students about how to find physical and thermodynamic properties of substances
Congrats ! That wedding is gunna be a shit show.
hey u're cute
Never determined the indeterminate factors/of simplicity.
We're happy to do it! RT thanks for the Monday #happyhour specials at sierra gold in Aliante... go
Wait. You've been debating -- day in, day out -- in the US Senate for 36 years. But suddenly you're afraid to debate. Hm.
Spurs. They are who we thought they were.
Tonight bring a food item to donate to the needy & will play you delicious tunes.
...think I'm gonna be ON on TWITTER tonight.... ...so get over it **say like Kimora Lee...wid lotsa attitude** lol
your very welcome
Saturday, CJSC Homeless Law ID Clinic. Always a big day for some client who needs ID for work, services and even the police. Funding needed.
Thanks for the Hello Kitty Airline article. Abs. crazy! I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't seen the pictures! :)
#Blackmomscatchphrase I will knock the black off ur butt
What sites/blogs do you read for foodie information in Cincinnati? We want to tell everyone about Island Frydays!
Loved the first one! I'll check out second. Just boarded a full plane for Denver
Giving co-workers the silent treatment by sending them blank emails.
Thank you and for featuring my toffee and getting the word out aboutmy fundraiser with 4 Valentine's Day!
She wants to be your girl, not one of your girls.
So proud to work with such amazingly talented people!!!
hey austin :) <3
RT The man passing out jesus phamplets on the train is visibly intoxicated...
Yes. He's my number one ultimate Bias. I claimed him a few days ago...
“: Gl!” ha thx. Have been in spewmonkey mode last level. Pretty short.
The upcoming five album just took the top spot on my (never ending) "Next real record store purchase" list!
- Nothing Much , Just Trying To Finish Up My Hair , Wby ?
you water?
check out Hank Williams I im drunk again. or anything else he's got. country hellbilly metal.
Im down hbu:)
I'll see you there!
hey Claudia, hope 2 c u @ the benefit 4 mstr drmr Rudy Walker nxt Friday (www.rudywalker.com/benefit) Peace ~ Henry Rock
Election time in the Bahamas is the best.
Well done iniative: the Republican New Media Caucus () is doing a push to get followers with GOP elected official accts using
Liver Detox with food: Asparagus increses the activity of liver enzymes
tomorrow eve at cole hardware- wine & ladies' discount all locations, yay.
most likely he'll be in jail all summer at least.. i may get some money too :)
At night, all cats are grey.
damn it all to hell! The world is falling apart!
Why am I getting this message Can't find that person. Did you misspell the name?
We are now on Ping! Add us!!! please :)
Wave Rave ??
:D to think we started out as bestfriends(; <3
Risacher: Software Source Code is maneuver
You are welcome
Been asking myself all morning "What can I do to better to close the year out on a positive and productive note"? Maybe lunch will clarify
Gotta love the new facebook feature: "Andres Olarte likes your kidney"
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!
I don't think it's officially launched in the US yet! I finally gave into premium! It's great for roadtrips!
who else likes austin's new icon?(;
Good morning, hamstrings! Ouch!
yeah this is so true it makes me feel worth nothing
Either the weed these days is less potent or my tolerance level is way too high may have to slow down to once every two hours
oh I know the pain in sending prayers ur way!
The worst gift is a fruitcake. There is only one fruitcake in the entire world, and people keep sending it to each other. ~ Johnny Carson
Taylor does not tell lies.
pay for a taxi to get them home safely
Thx! I'm interviewing a Bahasa Indonesia soc media consultant tomw. Any Indonesia-social-media-specific questions I can ask?
unfollowing everyone unless they dont suck.
I don't know why i insist on running on essentially no sleep.
im sick of people thinking im on facebook all the time ..now imma unplug my twitter account from it and watch how it catches dust
Saturday - 3/5/2011 - Saturday Night Live w/ DJ CUT & BIG WORM
what are you wearing "jake from statefarm?" umm khakis? she sounds hideous! i love this commercial.(: lol
Over 800 properties for sale across the US, all at deeply discounted prices. Buy 1 or cherry pick packages for deeper discounts.
I will put that i'm an enchancer in my bio 2morrow. Anyways goooodddnniigghht.
Ooh baby I like it..its so inticin...don't try to fight it, im'a make you my bitch
Wet Suits, and Premier Hurley Gear available on "The Shop Now" tab.....Automatic discount for hitting the "LIKE" button...
OK, I'l check out Age of Empires & Age of Kings.
I love you :)
8 days until our "progressive" private schools' board votes on whether to require all parents to take social justice/ diversity training.
can you give Sherman jr high school in west Virginia a shout out (: we're big fans of channel one news. We love your show!!
Sat is the day when Twitter is in full effect....people have plenty of time to really think about tweets, maybe to much time
must be urban legend because I've been to places where it's more
What exactly does your business do?
WAL-MART is hang out spot LMFAO!
I always have an extra lil bounce in my step when I'm going to see
Someone else has no nose. One of the Harry Potters, maybe Dumbledore.
i really don;t wanna die.. panda and them are like DONT THEN! HOW CAN I HELP IT!
you probably were
Don't forget about Seattle Beer Week, www.seattlebeerweek.com, it starts this Thursday (13th) so check out the website for a list of events!
Dang Spolestra you throwin in the towel?
Save Saturday!! August 1st only get $100 off a set or $25 off your fill. Let us know you saw this tweet when booking!!!
*prays fervently* :)
I just wanna know is someone out there somebody to hold somebody who care and I'll do anything to find you.
Calling all artists who have a love for animals.. please visit www.creativeanimalrelief.org.. First quarter starting April 1, 2009
Awake, arise or be for ever fall<U+0092>n
that's tight
I already followed her! Shes just as gnarly as you!
I AGREE 100%
Best Handheld Game to Keep Your Kids Entertained: Twisterz Toys' Story Starter by Nickelodeon's Parents Connect! Try it out for your family
and hate me because I'm the bad guy......
Especially since with Joel Ward, it's idiot fans from various cities. In soccer, it's PLAYERS from the most popular cities.
Party with the family. & my bestfriends. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
trust is like a mirror, you cant fix it when its broken
welcome :) Aww me too :/ we always had such good conversations! We got so close!
: absolutely! :-) can u make sure everyone has their vol app completed. Thx
Saw somebody at the store wearing merchandise. It was a good look...
Critical sun band crawl begins in less than an hour. Lefluer 12pm , 1pm , 2pm
Who would you like to share a bottle of wine with tonight? 1/2 Price Wine Wednesday!
who am i kidding, i can't give up twitter for lent! worst 5 hours of my life...
2. Educating the public on lifelong responsible pet ownership
Goodmorning everyone! Were having a wonderful day at topnotchescort.net and let us make u happy
your not old for those shots OMG! I would of loved to been the photog for that shoot :) you blow away some of the new models
#shooterswhocantshoot Harrison Barnes?
Is Marcum the retaliation type?
no worries, next time
Cloud Browse is only available in English speaking countries right now. We'll release for other languages in the future.
Don't say it doesn't matter, cause its gonna matter to me. #jakeowen<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Lincicum looks like Rick ankiel... Gonna walk the whole team
wow again! Poor thing, u just like me. My condition is worsening, I may be having surgery soon. Yuck
Come record with $20/hr cd duplication mixing,mastering and exclusive hot new beats available call 407/914/8255
I wouldn't complain if threw in a little PHP to make their sign-up form drop-down boxes sticky. :D
I was almost convinced that Corey Feldmen is Skrillex. Mind almost blown
A man likes his wife to be just clever enough to appreciate his cleverness, and just stupid enough to admire it.
Or maybe the Mac has taken possession of them? That's a pleasant Halloween sentiment for you.
regular swashbuckling action could have been enough if shot right. Kids'll now think they had airships in King James England!
I have to do a interview and I thot it would be cool to do u so is there anyway i can tlk to u in a vidchat mayb? its due nxt tue.
thanks for the word getting out I think a few follower have come from you thanks
That would be great! Shoot us an email holidayparade at gmail dot com!
i'll get a working group to form a task force w/ subcommittees to establish the time to market for that one. 100yr
i m going to retweet that tweet to make you happy (in a non creepy way)
Just working on the EP Release for Mister Gray and getting on all the distribution sites. lookin good!
This parcel of land, across from the Monte Carlo, must be worth at least a trillion dollars. But the crappy souvenir shops have held firm.
Session finishing up with #NickCarr. What new things have you learned this morning at #Phorum12?
Thank you! RT : Vote for Judge Carrie Webster on Nov. 2nd for Kanawha County Circuit Judge!
A man can fail many times but he isn't a failure until he blames somebody else 99% of failures are people who have a habit of making excuses
Welcome welcome! RT : First day at and I'm loving it!
BREAKING NEWS: Earth shakes in excitement for Against Grace, CSPS, and Overtones rock Richmond to the ground!
Can't WAIT to get to #Milwaukee next week! I'll be working registration on Wednesday! Stop by and say hi!
shes' so evil.
Toronto's Women's College Hospital Headache clinic recommends Mediclim
Wow, my twitter peeps are all up on the Brooklyn food advice. Thanks.
I was planning to take the day off, so I went to work and stayed for six hours. This is why I'm never on Twitter.
i was kinda busy got people over:-) :-)
“: Is anyone going out?”girl i have been out since noon !
good question, Thunder fan in WV
does season 1 of #TelevisionShows even count?
Heading out, thanks for the #runchat everyone! Love catching up with great running tweeps!
More recognition for your immense level of awesomeness.
&#39;Sexy&#39; Megan Fox only had 2 serious boyfriends in life
just found scisscors in my bed
dam, have mercy chicken
Hey, that's not in #WWE12. Anytime I try to take my title & run, it stops me at the entrance stage :( So unfair!
It became official on Rob Cesternino's podcast last Thursday...to pull a "Curt Clark" is to fail completely at something.
excited for our first cruise on
hey you got a 25 on your act the first time right?
Who's going to affiliate summit next month in Vegas? Let's hookup!
oh aye.
i didnt like the Heat because every year during playoffs they murdered us..but this time 76rs did it. so i hate them mofos lol
DON'T shut your account down! Why would you do that?
a bear does sh*t in the woods it will sh*t in yur roses or anywhere else it wants. Asfar as dingle berries go They don't care
Very welcome, thanks for the message!
Not only will I embarrass you in Scramble with Friends, but I'll talk so much shit about our match while doing it. Just ask
Moved to get follow & learn resting ground for 15,000 free & enslaved African. A monument IS needed.
One more strike and we got this!! Go Twins!!!
That would make me really mad. At least you are taking it in stride.
So weird not even midday yet !
Schwitzer sees lots of media cheerleading for new drugs, procedures. Tech leaves the station before imp questions are asked
Let's Go Cayyuts!! Good first half, keep on the throttle and brow down this second half
Good luck tonight
oof. hope it's not an all night affair.
Jillian's/ Lucky Strike is your #1 Red Sox Destination! Join us this weekend for full game coverage on our high def video walls!
The Thunder happen to be my second fav team. Not bcus they beatin my team tho. Durant and Westbrook just sick
ima email you it ok and explain it
Free estimates and advice is just another great service CL Custom Flooring & Construction can offer you.
Getting sick of listening to liberals talking smack at work. I am the boss. I don't talk politics at work. I might need to break that rule.
after Emma Watson and Jennifer Lawrence haha
College kids are home so make a point to discuss networking & career. Then use your network to help the student connect with a key contact
Avoid overloading yourself with packages. It is important to have clear visibility and freedom of motion to avoid mishaps.
Thanks D!
do you think #Pinterest will accept the offer given their meteoric growth these past few months?
Just checked my email and sent me that F I R E!!!
Rosemary Fries are amazing ! get yours today before there gone.
Feel good friday for real :)
LOL is that kassems car in the background? Is that in the Hood bro?
I think I'm gonna take a break from twitter, Facebook, Kik, skype, everything...... :/
Two-for-Tuesday! Two 12th aves for the price of one, walk-in only, all day today! Come on down!!!
I will find you!
I was watching the Animal Planet. Did you know that the male seahorse has the baby?Why don't they just call that one the female?Jim Gaffigan
Ms. J, can we tentatively say "yes" to your video taping session Fri, March 9?
¡I just like/love to listen!
Lets Get #IAMDABEAT trending for :)
I really hope this week practice pays off and I jump a new season best in pole vault
#Hangover Damn u
fancy. Its for discovering cool shit :)
I called and their computer crashed while looking up my information. Apparently I am just doomed.
lady what are you doing up so early?
Sounds like that's the picture! in MODAperformace pants with a dollar in each pocket.
I need to take myself to ikea. It's about that time to re-stock on candles.
cause I don't know
What is that- is it a part you are playing? or are you in school?
So apparently today was the day LoveGame was released? Happy Birthday LoveGame! 's birthday next week. :]
Immortalize all the pure, testosterone-driven beard progress you made this #NoShaveNovemeber by dipping that new beard in soup!
But darling, You are the only exception<3
I hate missing deliveries!
I'll give them credit for confusing you all. Camouflaging my 1995 Accord as a 2004 Elantra--clever, Onion.
And to you too! RT : Happy National Dance Week!
has realized that *all* struggles are internal.
We believe that Dallas is one great party'! Get out and listen to great music! ;)
Mind your manners.
Sounds like a blast. Have one for me!
You are awesome.. I still listen to Stitch by Stitch all the time! Rooting for you!
Does anyone else find yourself wishing that your "real life" friends were as supportive as your Twitter friends?
Its always great to listen to grown women that respect themselves...
Been very productive lately! I will be getting to your questions soon
I emailed some info March 30. LMK if u didn't get it, I'll resend.
Happy! Happy! Happy!!! NEW YEAR! Best wishes for everyone in 2011! Hope you have a fun and safe celebration! :)
That's so random ! Asdfghjk! ": watching Smile and loved the lip quiver you did the first time you said ni hao"
Technology enhanced - increased use of tech in f2f, but no reduced seat time.
Happy thoughts....happy thoughts.
Also:the problem of US eds pushing drugs stories is not one that divides SD vs LA.Has read LATs Mexico Under Siege section?
Is spending a sunny Sayurday at the office which is exactly how I do want to spend it. (Where is Bev Oda's pen when I need it?)
What u pulling wardrobe for????
BTW, we are happy to send you some of our prototype GF cookies (no corn) for review =)
Reese's and Kit- Kat's are my favorite candies. :)
i like them too my favorite songs from them are "dance dance" "thanks for the memories" and "this ain't a scene"
This heat is making me nauseous <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
Zeppelin I
i love ole jack!
Hi Keith, thanks for following us!
Hm. Since its almost 1 am I guess I should go to sleep. Goodnight twitter.
according to my dream he also love English muffins.
Had a good night rest
thanks for coming! Nice to finally meet you and we'll see you at Burnhearts soon.
23 Lamech said to his wives, "Adah and Zillah, listen, my wives, to me, pay attention to my words;
Good Morning Doug! Glad to connect with you too!
WTR TV is interested in interviewing Devin the Dude when he come to perform in Cleveland.call Khristian 216-712-8544
As you wake up, remember times will get down before the ease, then it'll come back. Enjoy when ur up, so u kno wat u fight 4 wn ur down.
John Wilkes booth was born in 1838 not 1839.
Check out my new blog post on the Washington/Wells station of the LOOP- Your Chicago Adventure starts here!
that's how I feel about Kobe
Tell me all about it!
are you sure it wasn't me, dressed as a 70-year-old woman?
Right?! You remember! It's his "I will wither you with sarcasm" look. Good times. RT : that is uncanny
Alas, I know not.
Any good #ultramarathon tips, links or twitters?
Don’t worry about packing a cooler, whether it’s booze, beer or food, we’ve got you covered. Just enjoy the weather ;)
Break a leg, Ma Frens!
omg I was just thinking of hating on you. See you tonite
So Level5 is INTENSE. Watching the live feed... screaming... crying... Not even in the performance room & I feel like I need a breather.
You can do anything for 15 minutes at a time. I love !
sounds good. how is next Tuesday?
Blow dat money like a candle
One small comfort. As I wrote last Tweet, UPS dropped off portable GPS. Should make navigating the Emerald Isle a little easier.
Congrats, #GWU, on knocking down yet another building.
mine was on time too! #11nb Fleet/Boston 9:01
Watching Water for Elephants, it's not like Dumbo at all!
i thought things were supposed to be less busy in the summer?
New to twitter, a little star struck, but disappointed although not surprised Mary Oliver isnt on here.
I wish the karaoke version of Bohemian Rhapsody was only 2min like Idol's tonight. Whenever someone sings it at karaoke I wanna kill myself.
What are you talking about? I was simply talking about those who get continents confused with countries when naming them.
no beer?
Plus, is a pretty cool cat. ;)
backup systems for home users (making sure family photos are kept safe)
A Pyrrhic victory.
but thats what andrews for
“ should start a petition to bring the bobcats to kc because we love our teams with "potential"”
yeah me too. Chad Kincaid.
Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.
Nice!!!!!!!!! i just started twitter for 3 mounts
Today’s Special: Smoked Sausage or Kielbasa with peppers, onions, sauerkraut and mashed potatoes. Today’s Soup: Black Bean
yeah same here. And i got some heavy shit to tell you when i come to chicago.
lol for the record u ARE blind lol
FLORIDA LINE!!!! Whoot whoot party time :)))))
hay kids my friends and I voted like mad for you tonight! You'll win! Kiss kiss from seattle! Victory!
For people to stop getting a "top tweet" for creating some bullshit relationship saying
No hot water in my building after sleeping with the window open makes for an awfully cold start to the day...
Indeed! Time to come over and shop.
UGH the fact that this case is slightly too small for my phone <<<<<< #whatever :/
Today 1969: Wisc. Congressman David Obey elected in special election after Melvin Laird was appointed Sec. of Defense by President Nixon.
“There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing” – Aristotle
I love that has the balls to support #MarriageEquality! I want a president who believes in basic rights for all U.S. citizens.
I'm playing Whitney Houston all day next week.
I think Mothra that beat up Godzilla just landed on my hand in Dallas.
Thanks again! That was awesome. Juan
what kind of favor????
A belated thanks for the #FF. So what's for dinner this week? :)
haha, I've had twitter for like over a year on my personal account. I have 3 accounts so I always keep up with famous people
I think I have a new girl friend! But she doesn't know it yet.
MOT woes for Milton Keynes motorists Milton Keynes motorists face an unusually high MoT fail rate due to handbrake and suspension
At home happy hour. The drink is always made right, the bill is always cheap and I don't have to figure out how much to tip.
Check out my drum covers on youtube. If you subscribe to my channel. I'll retweet about you to my 1100 followers
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 2
thank you! ;)
Clocked in.
Austin Toros first home game is this Friday December 2nd at 8:00pm!!! Hope to see everyone there :-)
Ayy ladies just came on, my day will be good now <U+E00E><U+E00E>
Late night song writing ah
Playing draw something at 2AM is always fun especially when you start laughing really loud because the picture 'kind of' looks inapropriate
Damn 10 hours time is money #work flow
But you were bringing yr laptop to class, right?? I think I remember that... I didn't really take any notes at all last term...
oh cold well not really cold as it can get here. Wish I was in cali
To the waterfalls for shoots today...
Dizzy killin it right now
whipping cream
and Jim Gaffigan secret show at Gotham Comedy Club! Quality Monday.
The silver lining of being as pale as I am is basically a promise that I will never be discriminated against
I swear sometimes I feel like everything I say to my dad goes in one ear and out the other.. -.-
My knee hurts.
That was an unbelievable finish
A taco sounds great for dinner. A Paco's taco sounds even better!
After being swatted around by media, wonder how good looking the Philly contingent looks to Mr. Bryzgalov today. #Me:
I need some tacos.
There is plenty of Colorado craft beer for all Cheers to our Brewer of the Month in May...
Good stuff from dale sveum coming up on the on deck show at 6! Taylor green too!
One of Hamilton's home runs hit the top of the fence and bounced over. Weak.
Action is the foundational key to all success
... My vote would be the workout.
Wait... Potential love interest?! Hmm things may be looking up.
we're also particularly digging (like what i did there?) in the Bay Area
cool and thanks, but how is it via me?
.___. -wants to send it to him but he'll cry-
I think I know how it is..and it's not us..
Just a joke crystal when people get nervous about taking a picture of someone they sometimes forget the lens cap.
Time to come back to earth
Ran over my mailbox today.
Safe Kids Arizona warns about button batteries - KVOA Tucson News Safe Kids Arizona warns about button batteries KVOA Tucson News We 've
Aw thanks. Much of my Human Geo section comes from you &
Sounds wonderful. Enjoy!
Between getting ready for SlutWalk DC this Saturday and Hedo on Sunday! BUSY BUSY BUSY!
hahaha! i keep seeing all these fantasticfest posts; i'm a bit uninitiated, what's it all about?
Thanks so much for coming in, and we hope to see you again very very soon ;)
"Never negotiate with crybaby terrorists." posted in a Mass Effect 3 news article. I totally agree and find this hilarious
Ah! Mutually revered, exponentially even. Thank you, dear and delightful one~~
I don't WANT. I NEED. I will stay UPALLNIGHT to convince my mum to buy it. I WISH I could just buy it already 6
And what pisses me off is they disrupt the good kid's education with the whole backpack thing, but still fail at stopping Freshman Friday
I found one called "Asshole" while I was sitting at a light.
I've got to kill 2 hours at this coffee shop b4 meeting, iPad down to 15 percent, and I ain't even worried.
Thanks for the RT and the support!
This young teller also told of standing up to a nazi on another trip to jail and meeting him later and finding he'd been de-nazified!
thanks bro
Caesar should have thought of that on the Ides of March
How so? White people imitating hip hop culture were never slaves.
There is such a thing as professional burn out. It's my day off and I'm so tired I can't see straight :-(
I would gladly pay for an IndyStar site that is well designed, mobile friendly,doesn't carpet bomb me with ads--unlike current 1.
Nothing much!!
hahah she really loves me.
Cars was our movie and its on and i cant help but watch it(:
Selfless actions wipe out one's existing desires and gradually unveil the immaculate Self within.
eat some grapes .... Bitches
Try Shoreham Hotel, walking dist. Great online deals can be found, close to everything. Stayed there in March.
No, some have milkshakeness thrust upon them.
Walsh's kick blocked. Michigan State does it again, wins 33-30 in 3OT.
#business litigation. Look for exciting announcement soon from Juridica about our exclusive private conference series for General Counsels.
Awesome! #GEEBZ RT : Saw a outfit at the #JDRF #WalkWithTom outing on Saturday. Very cool stuff.
PBS KIDS GO! Web Series Oh Noah! Offers New Videos And Games - MarketWatch (press release)
This is the most stereotypical sunday ever. Rain, cold, and boring.
Geeking out over user behavior analytics with , , and rest of KPBS interactive team... Homepage revamp, ho!
Paying Bills On Time Is Cool
oh oh oh...I almost forgot. A champagne bar too, champagne with all the options.
Enjoying my time back at the old Bloomington spots, but man is it hot and humid here!r
Everytime someone asks you to do something ask if they want fries with that
Seeing is believing...And by the looks of me you know I ain't deceiving
I love the voice of an Aussie!
“: Listening to , I really want to catch a show sometime!” DO IT!
New phone! I'm back! :)
I think that Italian restaurant near where the cabs and the buses are, it's non official of course but you should come for sure!!
Thank you for helping us spread the word!
Looking forward to seeing the next one!
Why are people so quick to judge?
Seriously? Wrap around services? Parent Trigger is like a wrap around service for a failing status quo
it's this Sunday the 13th!
thanks sis. Will do.
Peters: "Of course I'm disappointed, but I'm still glad that I raised awareness that Honda is no longer the great brand that it used to be."
happy jello sauce.. I have to remember tht phrase
Here's to the Mahomies who won't leave Austin when he becomes more famous, even if it means our chances of meeting him become so small.
What's with all the spring forward kvetching? Spring's on the way, baby, and it's a beautiful day!!
Thanks for the shout-out! You guys rock
you've caused a Twitter cat fight...nice going ;)
Good night!
Atlanta what it do!
haha, thank you(:
Just when i thought i was safe, i get drowned in homework/projects. This is going to be such a stressful week!
Labor Day road trip? Wheeling is even on the way, I think.
Maybe mentoring & internships?
Feel horrible <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Q. What is the difference between a large pizza and a professional poker player? A.The large pizza can feed a family of four.
This weeks been a bad massage, I need a happy ending
otayyy<3 Tell Helly I miss her and I want her nuggets since she's not here ):
... Great meeting you the other night! I'll be back in NYC soon to play!
RT Freedom begins between the ears. ~ Edward Abbey
Support the Packers & celebrate on Super Bowl Sunday & be smart. Get a Step Ahead & get home safely. Prearrange your ride now 764-2917
And oh, I have stories...
awww this should be a super fun year!
Maybe it's because I'm outside, but this is one of the coldest nights I've felt in SD! Wish Harry would give me his extra pair of gloves!
Um. What book please?
Gearing up for MackFest - no joke this is gonna be one hell of a party
I'm not jelly nd it's not fair that her ass dissed me for him!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Quick stop in Lake City, TN and back on the road to Lexington.
Infographic of the Week: Cotton vs Carrots by + !
This guy.. #somebodythatiusedtoknow back home, was always & still is my best friend, << A real & True Friend <3
I'm good. How about you? Ya, sadly, just for a week. Wish I was going back for good! BTW when are we finally meeting? Haha
Am I an asshole?
I could really get use to cracking open a cold one every night lol
alot of sisters are in search of light theres a shortage on accountable Kings do not be directed by the lower self when seeking enlightment
Just watched Everything In Between again. An outstanding doc. If you haven't seen it, check it out. -- great work.
According to , LSU is expanding its stadium to a 100K capacity. The Swamp just got more intimidating.
Yay! I hope you do! I'd love to see you :)
I don't like this one bit
mayneeee good to hear new shit bro! you coming down next week for the slim show?
thx , and I know I can't wait either
I'm going to listen 's musics;) everyday I make that :P
up early and at work getting shit done before I leave for gatlinburg with one pretty amazing guy #productive #soexcited!
Bloggers & kids take Shaq way too seriously. Nothing worst than writers getting offended for players they don't even know.
Well, I lost a very important hour of productivity. But to your credit, I did gain an hour of HOLY SHIT MAYANS.
Celebrating my birthday with and at Unplugged at the Grove tomorrow! Love them! So excited!
Thanks for following! We hope you'll keep check out our live shows sometime!
#atplc here on Little Rock listening to Rebecca DUFour learning about PLCs
Can't afford for your membership to be a revolving door
Let's go cavs!
True that!
Not tried it but probably. They play weeks on end, I get bored after 1-2 weeks, maxing out the characters, doing it all.
Can't wait to hear it man!!!
Goodnight :) x
RT : bull riders & are on LA Ink tonight 10PM ET with watch to see new tattoos
I do not ask people to read. I have posted once on my blog. Not to worry. You won't hear from me again!
Swag, swag, swag, on you.
hungover cuddles with mo
Plus, buy a smoothie at Lighthouse Maui Cafe and get one FREE with your 1-Day Sale coupon!
Shrinking benefits too! : #College #Graduates Entry-level pay 4 grads in 2010 was lower thana decade ago
Come join us @ Stewart Beach for Volleyball/fun/picnic (400 Broadway) Sunday, July 5 @ 4pm, dinner @ 8pm at "The Spot" (3204 Seawall Blvd)
Bouncing around Dupont tonight!
Had a wonderful time at the Wine By Wives launch in Hollywood last night. Gearing up for a weekend of filming and networking with a new cli…
layin down listing to music
whatever works girl!!! You can do it!!
Apparently, took your suggestion to heart. He is seriously pushing me out of my comfort zone - for my own good.
why are people still hating on selena? she never did anything wrong. she has a bf. listen kids, justin is gonna date and it's NOT GONNA BE U
RT : thanx for another opportunity to show case our skills .. still gunnin for the top!
Happy 3 months! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F> unfortunately I'll be sick today, but I love you<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Hey Ryan did how much time did he get.
Life is, more than anything, realizing you missed your shot with Geena Davis.
First one out of the gate... always gets the bloodiest!
I plan on watching Emily Owens, M.D. just because Justin Hartley is on it lol :p He just looked so cute in those glasses. <33
My mom always made me clean my plate too
so.... its pretty awkward when you realize you weren't even invited to the award ceremony EVERYONE is talking about......
While reading up on the #Apple e-book suit, I found at It's not Friday, but he is def worth a follow.
Lmao @ that lol @ that last tweet .
Haha, I think of William Daniels' more as KITT.
So one game 7 down, one to go: the la floppers i mean #clippers vs #grizzlies! Go grizz!
I hope today goes by fast I just wanna take promos with my band tommorow
I got gas $3.12 today with the .20 off using my Kroger card.." O'Yea that is what I am talking about!"
I love finding money in my clothes. It's like a gift from me... to me.
what job? as a GK?
Trying to get back in the grove with Twitter after neglecting my tweets for quite some time. It's good to be back, y'all.
hey did i see you today in my 7/8th class?
My California dream is bringing and I on stage.
57 minutes and 52 seconds to be exact :)
Alcohol gave me wings to fly.......but then it took away the sky
awl your such a good supporter!! lol :) I will though .
Love ya sweetheart your hot, you can do anything you want. and im loveing the new you! you look refreshed and happy, <3
Magazines appeal to younger adults. Adults 34 and younger read more magazines than adults +34. Source: MRI Fall 2008
Ahh I'm jealous! I think I'm going the 25th
Another one gone.....goodnight
This is hard to explain and I'm starting to sound bitchy .-.
Oh. They hiring ? Lol
We really should thank Ron Paul for contributing the bold idea of letting someone die on the sidewalk to our discourse.
Sounds like interesting Cisco banter in #Boston area : "lather, rinse, repeat"
owie. Heal fast!
love the new description. Lol
Ah nuts, I forgot to bring white socks to the gym. Looks like dress socks it is :(
"The balance sheet has to balance" - Jim Vazanko, UMD.
HaleStorm totally kicks ass
[GOOD 2 KNOW] | Marijuanna is illegal because Pharmacists & Private Prison owners have deeper pockets than we do!!
this training was REALLY interesting before but now it is REALLY boring
Can't wait til tomorrow night.
Join me @ 12:30 today 4 an intimate tour (10 ppl max) behind the scenes. Will show u art that hangs in our offices & more.
1st there were Julius & Ethel Rosenberg, then there was Nixon: Now there is The Obama Levin McCain GESTAPO Bill. Welcome to the learning C
did you watch caprica at all? I felt so cheated on that one...
#Educause10 #e10_sess041 compare budget cuts from CCS to budgets from CDS. What if cut was off of an increase? Line would be flat not down
If you follow me JUST to get a follow back, please refrain. I'm not in the twitter numbers game. Hate to lock down my account.
Anyone know how many books Season 2 of #GameOfThrones will cover? I'm hearing lots of different things...
THERE WILL BE NO VIPS FOR NEXT WEEK FUCK THIS SHIT.
The 2012 Camp Ronald McDonald at Eagle Lake summer staff has been selected!
Well played! There is a lot to celebrate this weekend (derby, fight, cinco). Are you picking up a ticket this sunday night?
Started tearing down the burb for new head gaskets today. Hopefully I can finish tomorrow. Thanks Eric, sure you can't come back tomorrow?
Shout out to our new followers!
M's vs. Indians today... at 12:05pm! Watch it here! M's out for #tigerblood?
#salute to you lady!! How are you beautiful?
This morning it was more jog than run. It's a process.
Mayan Culture Holds Secrets for Today (Part II)
96% of people who found a lost smartphone attempted to use it...
staying with college friend. Cannot wait to see you. Where to go? You obviously decide.
Cafe-nice vibe,steady traffic. What do u think makes a great coffee place?
= the only reason I watch victorious.
And, I really want to see their shipping container satellite libraries for myself someday!
i kno she said i couldn't come cuz i was gonna peek at the cake!
Can't wait! RT : are exhibiting at the Successful Selling Expo! We look forward to seeing you there!
If you can work hard for somebody else, you can do it for yourself.
A little short but a really awesome fight
Brewers look like they're facing Greg Maddux tonight, John Smoltz last night, and Roger Clemens the night before...sad displays each game
TODAY - WIFV DC CAREER Boot Camp 2012: Building a Successful Career in a Slow Economy TODAY. I'll be there 9:30-12, stop in and say hello
It's really nice! And there's also a new Clover food truck there!!
spectacular, obviously!
we play Bash Rip Rocks in Lubbock tomorrow ;)
Everbody's Irish on St. Patricks Day! Even Shamus shows a little leg that day!... I'm thinkin' he should run the mini in a kilt!
LegendsFantasyLeagues has new games every week. Play vs real legends, win cool prizes, FREE games. New lineups every week.
thanks for the RT!
anybody wanna hit the
Rain for the next three days. :(
Eeyore's a donkey?? When did that happen??
I love your photos!
Beaten even....
I like that he said "pretty sweet deal" hahahaha
wish i were there :)! one of the most beautiful places on earth :)!
trying to be. Lol no just old photos I had.
Man did u get my txt
Pretty cool for and Just received a little plug on 's
Threw up 37 times on my zero g flight. I'm not a prime candidate. LOL!!
I need to buy The Announcement since I missed it. The research I'm working on is about HIV and heterosexual black men 20 years later.
what did you get? #gophillies!!!
thanks for the follow gents!
If your in miami at Mynt or loui look for my bro money mike with the VIP hook up.
Not there. In LA.
ant! hope all is well! are you going to any other days at bamboozle?
Agreed RT : M I love COFFEE
at least the commentary from my friends . . .
I shop at Kroger, because Walmart is mainstream.....
Our new music upload series continues! Check them out now in 'Sweepers'.
so cute!
Pictures please!
Much education today is monumentally ineffective
:) thank you!
Interesting... This election scares me.
That's just what we like to hear. Come back and see us soon!
#Packers need a stud RB they haven't had a great RB since Ahman Green.And a couple of CB its time to upgrade Bush and Lee.
Make sure you tweet at us and include #BellAFB to be entered into the drawing for a pair of #VIP tickets!
last time we spoke you said you were hurting and I felt your pain in my heart
Everytime I get on twitter I get all emotional and what not. I didn't think five homo-sexuals could do this to me.
When you have that talk with your mom about her at your age & you realize how much you learn about her. I've been blessed.
I truly believed she would overcome her addiction & sing a new song. There was no song greater than #Whitney's talent.
RT : Okay P.S. It does not come on Sundays anymore, it was moved
A 3x5 might enhance the mood and the view.
cause, effect or both? How is it still ok to portray violence toward women as fun?
So.... That game today...
and i need some followers or i get money taken out of my check lol
#StopKony founder found going nuts in PB. Stay classy San Diego!
Corona O'clock
Haha we'll have to stop by a bar in northgate and tag up your area. Is the Nectar info on your facebook?
Anybody watching this 17-year-old putting Sharapova to work?
I think best under pressure and on my feet. Found that out today.
So pissed!! My phone won't upload a pic and I saw something pretty neat tonight!
happy birthday(:
Today is the last day to early vote. Go show your support for Ameya!
Uuuuggh. This is intolerable. But I can't turn away...
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!115
I've got a new pink cast. (:
Hope all goes well for you tomorrow. Will be pulling for you as long as u aren't playing
I have given the authority to an app on Facebook to make posts on my behalf, and I feel ambivalent about artificial intelligence once again.
"Who ya got--Lakers or Nuggets?"
I need a f---- drink, I hate being on meds. I should take a sip!
Welcome to the team ! Looking forward to meeting you at the #PolarExpress Meet & Tweet next week!
Hm what to do tonight ?
I aint a fat ass I just eat alot
"Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement."
ON A BEAT N DEN TRAPPIN HAD DA SLOW DOWN CANT BURN DA STUDIO DOWN WIT TRAFFIC N DEES WHITE PPL LIKE WOW NOW
Hugs are the universal medicine. ~Author Unknown (via: )
Thanks, Chris. Love these virtual handshakes! Have a good day!
really nice guys these dudes. Trying to see if we can bang out some heat together...
Lord have mercy on us all.
Talkin on my cella phone and I got that purple on me..
I think you meant while your spotting him because that when your nuts would be right over his face. You ever smelt yo home boys??
all that make up you know they hiding something and what the fuck is always so funny psychos
EMINEM KING OF RAP !!
Yes, it's turning out to be another full day of dyspeptic lumber barons and their euchre-playing wives...
haha no sir, it looks like someone took some fireworks to my regular QT spot.
(Also, let the record show that though I abuse old-style RTs, it is only b/c I like sticking commentary on things)
Did you know it's National Grilled Cheese Month? Enjoy a grilled and try the Melthouse Bistro. So many delicious grilled cheese options
I still love you it's ok dnt cry
MY MIND IS ALWAYS WORKING SO DON'T BE SURPRISE WHAT YOU SEE
#Thosepeople that you just constantly imagine different scenarios of you two making out/fucking.
alright , my tweets are meaann! haha . just annoying . who else hates when people run their mouths & start rumors!?
Please let it snow the attorneys at work in overnight. Please let it snow the attorneys at work in overnight.
l wanna go out somewhere.
Cocktail party at the Flaten-Erickson household!
I missed Kevin Kelly's presentation. What are the 5 dimensions of a networked book?
mine too, come say hi
8-0 run by the Thunder.
Game was poppin hole team did good me had a dunck a pice
RT : Free Sean Payton Rally is this Sunday @ 1pm @ Champion Square. Wear black & gold & bring signs. RELAY THE MESSAGE.... RT
Just saw #oomf tweets...& my response to that is; i will be that "some one" you need :) ......seriously though <3
Leadership - He who has learned how to obey will know how to command.
Can Rick Spielman run the #Twolves draft as well? #kaaaaahhhhhnnnnnn!!!
Good seeing you guys, have fun. Next time I'll take you on a more scenic Philly walk.
washer is broke water everywhere, i will not let this water stop me from cleaning my clothes WASHER<ME, fix problem when done!
Just want to say, #thanks. #lovinglife and the people around me.
To all my new followers thank you so much for the add! It means a lot to me.
Romney is really a Dem at heart or what ever it takes or cost to stand a chance to win the ultimate prize!!!
Picture this we were both butt naked banging on the bathroom floor ;) gotta love
If I run into you, I'd like to hear more
RT : Tired of everything ~
My last RT are my favorite lyrics of all time omg
Now Following !!
Renowned Designer Charles Hanlon Tampa Florida Joins Armory Show
I can't sleep--I'm on a high right now.
I gotta wait til I get paid... but I totally want to help out.
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "So Addictive!!! I stay up allnite PLAYING!!!" by Adonna
Rep yo city ... throw some money in the sky
To all the #titanic fans out there check out: i can't wait to see what the tweets are like tonight.
Sometimes we can hold so tightly to what we enjoy that we deny ourselves the opportunity to enjoy new and different things. We can become s…
A hit dog will holler . If you didn't do anything...whaat'chu mad for ?
So sorry for your loss Jenna :( Sending Prayers, Hugs, & Kisses to you! <U+2665>XOXO<U+2665>
RT When you're around wise people..that shit rubs off on you...the same way it rubs off on you if you're around dummies.
Heat are still gonna kill them next game. It's one win for the Knicks, big deal.
Oh that's lovely.
Life is like a bowl of soup, you only get blown if your hot.
The CE & DLC buyers need to feel like they got significant value. We can't know how central it is to plot until it's out.
It's on today...don't make me learn you hoe!
thank you for following us, great paintings!!
It's true.
You know, Mazda, I can't drive to the airport to catch a plane when you won't start.
good luck in Knoxville!
we need all the help we can get! If u guys can't back it plz tweet and spread the word! :D
I love when graphical problems can be solved with simple transforms on Cartesian coordinates without messy non-Euclidean math.
Early and frequent comm keeps community invested in your project and success. No comm = no buy-in and tough roll-out.
So glad we met today!!!! Sorry for my space out earlier. You are amazing!
That's right, just hit 50 followers. Whatever. No big deal. Watch out
RT : Game Day here in Tallahassee! #UVa vs. at 8 pm. Watch it live on ESPNU or ESPN3.
Have you seen Tony Bennett lately?... He looks and sounds so wonderful. Go out and buy the CD today!
DHHS Programming Teacher Derrick Smith will be a 2012 EdTech Link Fellow. Congratulations!
As I'm in a #good mood 2day, I'll follow everyone who follow me 4 a few hours from now! So let's go, #follow me now!
#favmoviequote If your a bird... I'm a bird.
In VT SAFE-T schools show positive change in adult support, knowledge of sexual abuse & bystander intervention. Call BCAC to offer 4u
Is the Megachurch the New Liberalism?
Join us @ 7:25pm as our "mini-horses" take to the track under the lights with a $3K guaranteed Tri-Super Force-Out in races 7 & 9!
After seven weeks of having a broken foot....tonight will be my first time covering an event. Wish me luck:)
-~!!~+ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Classic! Great stuff. Future pro right there.
Getting ready to help a company with their office redesign. Ned to make sure all of the computers are broke down and reassembled...
Who watched make it or break it? #sosad can't believe its over
why did u unfollow me, i was about to give you a shout out
Having A Cup O' Latte #UrbanVillage In #Brooklyn, Going Over New Marketing Mediums For Self-Promotion!! Dream Big!
That feeling you get when you finish a lot of homework
Spring Break is over... KILL ME NOW
thanks for the follow! Looking forward to news updates!
Why my friend could not see my tweeter up date
When you're dreaming with a broken heart, wakin ups the hardest part.
I know! When are you coming back?
While your <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> you could be making that <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0> Being responsible > Being lazy
Remember, this Saturday is ! We'll have a post later this week to sum up all the cool events happening at Pittsburgh stores.
Ate way too much at Father's Day BBQ.
Girls be switching Smh
#Brewers looking much, much better today
you live out of town.. It's more acceptable! Hahah
Exploring the entire island of Kona, Hawaii! It's beautiful!
When will you be back in Nashville at Zanies? Hopefully I won't be on the road gigging and can come listen!
look forward to it always! And you know I teach cardio Tuesday's at 545p if that's your fave class! I think you've taken it?!
Smile. Why? Because it makes you attractive. It relieves stress and It changes your mood and the mood of those around you. :)
What colour is a Giraffe?
Today VonChurch is on the hunt for Server Programmers and Java Server Programmers for a great gig in Vegas!
I hate when people be like i dont screw with them , ok that dont make you cool .
Thats my girl watch out
Some females dont really realize what they are worth
Who needs screen printing? If you can think it, we can ink it! Have a quote in hand? Let us beat it!
Two versions of every movie. Just like The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
Suede Lounge - Old Town Scottsdale - Mention: AZ PartyLife to get hook up at door - Reduced bottles at $250 few left text/call 602.348.1722
Renaldo is a bitch punk.
excuses, excuses...
I have one pit ticket still available for the metallica show in nashville tonight!!! Let me know if ur interested... I'll make you a deal!!!
Horrendous d by the Preds on that last goal. Rinne noticeably frustrated
Too crowded for your panel we should talk big data later u here for rest of Sxsw?
but you met me 7 years ago......remember....2nd grade..?
Join Kink Ador tonight at the Five Spot Nashville for KINKO DE MAYO! If you go to GED Soul Crawfish Boil you get in free with wristband!
nice!! keep rockin!
I condone of all of this
Charlie's Ex Brooke Mueller couldn't even try to party like her ex Charlie..Even with all that cocain ,cuz he's a total rockstar from mars!
ITS PEOPLE OUT HERE GETTING 4-16 FOR ONE CRACK ROCK PAT SULLIVAN SUCKING DICK AND SMOKING METH AND HE GETS 30DAYS IN JAIL WTF
$750 for textbooks.... I will have to rent this semester!
jus concentrate on basketball sinatra #NYK big win today
#IfWomenDidNotExist, there'd be a lot more pink.
Happy New Year!
Sleeves are in vogue again. RT : Sweater vest makers see stock plunge.
How are learning leaders using twitter to improve workplace performance?
come on dude, titles don't mean shit anymore... Let the kid make some money, eventually he will face tougher opponents
We do not know what we want and yet we are responsible for what we are - that is the fact. Sartre
Do you use social media to drive program attendance? E-book check-outs? build relationships w/community members?
hahaha apparently it is! Hey wanna join? :D
Elyse....YOU'RE AWESOME!
what's happening with Gershwin and Bess? I don't want to miss it.
Creativity is good for your health. It unlocks emotions and prevents them from building up to make you sick.
Everyone's bag at check-in overweight. Duty free liquor. Passengers with slippers tucked on their carry-ons.
Today i watched "Mr. Poppers penguins' haha :) It's so funny!
I wish they had a Starbucks or Subway at this school.
I feel like my hair looked super pretty today. I think I am going to curl it again tomorrow!
'Once..." has been nominated for Favourite New TV Drama in the People's Choice Awards
First quarter earnings due out in about 15 minutes for #Boeing. We'll have them for you as soon as they are released.
Blue skies, sun out and nice cool weather, MIA you gotta appreciate this weather
Random question of the week: which song puts you in the best party mood?
Yes Annie, we would love to have you come by!
Bummer!! I'll keep you updated fo sho. Congrats on both of yours getting in!
glad to be here! Don't remember food this good when we were students . . .
Friday Flow...
welp there goes purchasing a passport
Who here loves Ken Boome? Show him some love at 7:00 tonight!
girl, I gotchyo hugs right here in #Portland! Many of them! <3!
dass coo its hot af out here
SWEET. I have been following yo guys. Come check us out for teh rock musicz
#ff all the creepy things Zuckerberg is going to with 19.1 billion dollars
#ideas2action what a day, excited about all these great companies, Mobile App that can order Wiseys for me?
you fucking thief!
#digitalindia Examples on how social media is being used. 1. Resource mobilization for fundraising
since when did katy perry get like...ugly? #nooffense lol
A4: Knowing that I want my marriage to be successful!!
Haha I always know when you're up to sumthin! #WonderTwinsSenses lol
So ready for spring break next week
Ya know, if it wasn't for twitter or Facebook, I'd have forgotten what you look like by now.
that's why Ballard isn't a good receiver
Please have a look at my collegues frst blog-What do Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwiches have in common with Cloud Computing? | Networking...
There is no need to deny workers their right to a free and fair union election.
did you shoot last night?
What's going on Saturday?
you know when you really know that you dont know but you do know... you know?
Yep. MT I hv 2 admit frm PR & branding perspective its bn absolutely fascinating to watch Susan G. Komen nuke its reputation
Ohh snap!! Another men in black movie coming out
Imaaa get you your headphones backk today :) promise!
If you ever have need for catering food of the '60s genre I highly recommend or if you just like a great pork roast!
your birthday is all that matters to me today. happy day!
My sister is a terrible fake sleeper. LMAO. I think she actually thinks I think she's sleeping.. Lol
Try Aromatherapy in your home & we guarantee you will feel relief after a long day of work and caring for children.
I miss you.. imiss our memories.. imiss everything . </3
I was just at and that was great! Trying in a few!
u didn't get the joke, nevermind
what u doin
Yep, working now, What u been up to???
Been Sleep at 3 everynight since spring break started idk how im bout to sleep now.
Coming soon, Our Neighborhood 2111, UNCA's 100th Anniversary youth visioning project
Congrats to you as well. Much more information to come, including a formal announcement about 's Mindfire SABRE win.
I want a facial piercing. I've wanted my septum done since I was like 11, lol.
Perry Hall AD Bob Hruz said they are Rollin out the red carpet for there chosen son...Mr Glenn Clark.
I miss my idiotic friends</3
People on the right like saying racism is about over in America because kids aren’t racist. These folks never played video games online.
Love that the Farmer's Field in LA video released today mentions the Winter Classic. Yeah...playing an outdoor hockey game in LA will work
He has a motorcycle for that.:)
Excited to see Super Spectacular Searcher Secrets. Thought I was already a spectacular searcher, looking to add 'super'.
That is if Harris goes to Denver and they look to flip him?
“Apologizing doesn’t mean you’re right or wrong, it just means you value your relationship more than your ego”
Thank you!! RT : thanks for the RT..wishing u good fortune in the contest..you r 1 of Baltimore's best. HNY
Screen scraping hell completed just in time for lunch. Given how it went, it should probably be a 2 martini lunch.
The Imperial, a film I co-starred in for Dead City Films, just won best Cinematography for the 2009 Washington DC 48 Hour Film Festival.
Huge nightmare as in attempts at line drawing, that is.
TY for including me - again! :-)))
I wish my marathon was this weekend. Officially entering Taper Hate phase.
All we did was ask if they wanted to play & all hell broke loose, Cooke gave Schenn a head shot & Asham threw Bryz in the water
MY SON is tha only child I'm concerned about kill tha fckin noise cllin me w dat bs
I've been put under rules and regulations by but its bcuz she cares about me!
Cool. Thnx for the reply.
Pretty darn excited for wing goodness post softball at tonight!
Ok, I'm buying a shirt right noww :)
: "burn a 30" sounds infinitely more fun than it probably is...what does it mean?
: What about it?
FINALLY!!!! Got ITunes to work again..had to disable a bunch of stuff..Turns out iTunes really isn't intended for 60k tracks ;/
I been doing wonderful haha. :)
heyy, maybe u'll be better at keeping in touch this wayy than on facebook. #fail haha
Wtf happened to the damn sound on YES?!
no she's always the victim. And I think she's a little touched in the head like Kelly Bensimon. Nuttier than a fruitcake!
Man always around this time of the day I start to feel super drained and don't feel like working anymore *sigh* couple hours to go
President Obama is announcing a new United States-Japan Joint Statement, with Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda.
Thanks for info. LMAO. Haven't even been to NY in yrs! Guess they're trying to "infiltrate" from inside? Not hard w/ open movement.
Franklin hits a couple FTs and gives the #Aztecs a 17-13 lead
Shock New Figures Suggest 2.9m British Dogs Are Fat The impact of expanding waistlines on the health of our nation’s pets is a huge con
Kobe couldn't hit when it mattered the most #Nuggets #Nuggets #Nuggets #Nuggets :)))
he has been telling everyone that since day one! Oh you little propagandist you! lol Are you following your Dads footsteps?
God loves thru Gr8 teachers“: Even when everyone else only sees our faults, God still sees our possibilities.”
How else to say it but you da man RT "Thank you for the great time at the #SuperBowl event "
A shame that the greats like Reggie White and Junior Seau never had the chance to see their day in Canton.
I seen #oomf videos of her makin herself squirt - I wonder if she could share it with us all (hint hint) LMFAO
alright, thanks dude.
Jordan.. Remember that one time I threw you through a tree and you died? Is that why u don't talk to me anymore?!
happy hour with the neighbor. :) It's nice to work from home.
oops... had to finish yours.. it just looked too damn good.. sorry
haha. One of my managers actually told me this. He was right about going to game 6. And i know they are!
what side of town you on? I'm on the south side.
Obama slow jamming the news was too good
Back pain? Believe it or not, kettlebell swings may prevent back injury because they force your core to prevent spine motion
Oh, you know, just your typical Wed. Heading down to the G. Chinese Theater for a little red carpet premiere of "Casa De Mi Padre"
Mobile apps headline engineers’ Senior Design Competition
A line of storms stretching from eastern Waukesha county to northwestern Racine county moving east towards Milwaukee.
Nebraska worships 1D look up #1DtoNebraska and you'll see just how much we love you!! Please come see us!!??
Ouch! Boo Beckett! RT RED SOX: Boston radio guy noted that Pats have won more home games (9) since Sept than Sox (8)
wish you guys would get down and dirty about politics. I would love to do your podcast!
i doubt ima make it though :( and dont forget
RT : Sipping wine with
I'm not going back to school. Its hard to be in a wheelchair
We got a callback in NYC for the pilot, Americana! YES!!
RT : #PBLChat Tues 9pm EST Releasing process/responsibility to students. Creating a culture of independence!
Thankfully the auto guy told me about the cable in the waiting room. Gloria Steinem on The View!
Getting back to it! Lots of family, lots of fun! Ready for some normalcy again!
Earthquake epicenter evidently very close to where I live, which is Mechanicsville VA
Cowboys will win and kill the giants 35-10(: Bradshaw and Jacobs are on steroids
Headed to Songwriter's Night to see my mentor play as well as the amazing and -
I am falling asleep standing up again. Please no one tip me over.
We's love to come, but first we need more fans in the Philippines.
putting Lindsay Lohan on SNL was BRILLIANT. i haven't watched it yet but i can only imagine how many people watched hoping for a train wreck
look around your community. Everyone has their own story to tell. "Julia" is simply a montage of people.
i've only met Lou. );
So Eli Manning thinks he's in the same ELITE class with Tom Brady? That's like saying he's in the same class with Brad Pitt ...
I just ate pudding with a fork
nothing wrong with that at all :)
They say that "Home is where the heart is", so follow your heart and know that you can't go wrong.
so good dude. I love this place so much haha
Fuck Jersey! RT I have a lot of Jersey followers... Soo S/O to Jerz! Repping the Tri-State area
not sure my reply came thru it shows red X next 2 it but thank u 4 getting back 2 me Luv u, Josh, Bruce & entire fam God Bless
no problem :)
:: homeward bound
Sleep music is Jack Johnson's Brushfire Fairytales. Goodnight, Twitter.
#mythoughtsatschool when do we get out of this class?
I just got cast in two films! Excited!!
Movie night, pumpkin spice latte, and Clemson is currently beating FSU. I'd say this is a pretty awesome day!
That nap was a very bad idea.
*Huggles* Love that movie!
I want to be on Amazing Race! With my son or with my brother. Either way the fight scenes will be epic.
! Ty so much u just made my day! Xoxo been a loyal 11yrs!
<U+200E> After round one of the Evian Masters, 2009 Safeway Classic Champion M.J. Hur is 5 under and 1 shot back from the leaders
ah lucky!! I saw a Ryan reynolds look alike today! Haha
love this!
“Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.” <U+2015> Warren Buffett
U r right there
I want to get another tattoo soon
My client want her hair color like #love&hiphop
Just got notified that I'm accepted to Oklahoma Arts Institute for film and video. This is a great opportunity and I'm honored! Yay!
Omg can't wait till week of May 25 <3
That was literally beautiful.....
Oh my god stop it I'm dying
thanks for the goodbye hug! It's been an intense three years and I was glad we went out singing.
no. The ILX will have a hybrid.
sometimes Ijust laugh out loud......
“: LOL! You don't have to rap in Spanglish! ” I wanted to tho lol
Goodnight twitter bitches Luff you more than Harry Styles naked. OH, wait, what?
what a nice day, to be out in ypsi... did you know! that u can ask people for change down here!? awesome!
Also sucks to be a Charger fan...high expectations, low results.
"we care a lot" .... Sorry just had to..
followed!:D
Just ran 2 n a half miles pheww. 2 m a hald more to go
and I watching dateline. New obsession.
I'm on twitter because time isn't going to kill itself
I'm here
I'm game!
go shipping with you <3
stuck in the bieber? really? ...
Dying of boredom -________-
You get back in the house this instant
Oh yeah? YA
Happy birthday to you!!! :-D
Wider travels have given me considerably greater insight into how cultural differences affect not only people, but politics and art
Your telling me knowshon doesn't have one friend he can call?
there is only one guy for me.
Ou know your loving life to the fullest when your home alone on a Friday night.... I think my parents feel sorry for me
Do tell!!! RT : ask about his rat run-in that was caught on camera a few weeks ago...
Google #io2012 tickets sold out wicked fast again this year. At least the reg forms were on google servers this year. no 503 errors.
haha :D want to be my twitter friend? :) <U+2665>
I think I'm going to go war with myself. XD
Go to my house & wake up pls! its important!
Whoa --> RT : So in the past two years, #MTSU will have lost to Brewster and Tubby? Ouch.
The Lakers are done and bc Andrew Bynum is not as efficient as he was in the regular season
Nothing wrong with hashtags in meeting minutes. But do you ever reach for the "undo" keystroke when you're painting?
Priceline investors keep naming a higher price
do you think the board forced him on AW due to his ethnic background
": Those conversations when you talk for a whole day & never get bored of the person your talking to >"
yup! Like myself but I was an underachiever! Lol
Good news everyone! We recorded our next episode last night, and if all goes well with editing it should be up by Friday.
my point being that swift is the one common code that us/intl banks can use. routing num dn work, neither does sort code
Top braces are gone! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Want to go here tomorrow night!? Hit us up on the text lines! 786-309-8861
My agency made News of the Weird for creating a state-mandated "Report of Reports."
Thank goodness for common sense :)
1 more day and I'm free! For a week...lol
Awesome present! My copy's not signed, nor was it a gift, but I still like it. :)
thanks for the follow! Have some fun stuff coming up we'll make sure to let you know about. Have a great week!
im bout to punch this bitch in the teeth. i need a drink.
#Don't say something unless you mean it.
So it's .0616ml in the US, and .0592ml in the UK.
I'd love to do it (3rd wave experiment replication) w/ my students but it seems Incredibly risky
Romanow's class makes me want to die.
any reason they would do that?
Playing a free concert tonight in the Berklee Cafeteria! If you're around Boston, come on out!! :) 10pm
yeah I love it.
K idk if that was about me ? But you really have no reason to say anything when you dont even know !
#MadMen .... Why do I have to watch you through my hands while standing a foot from my TV?
Boo & hi! I just saw your husband...I suspect he was making a bar run?
Congratulations to Pipeworks Brewing Company on their first brew day! Start looking for these guys around town very soon.
Sitting in a casino installing #PostgreSQL from source. Keeping my fingers crossed.
can't wait to see the finished product.
ITunes MusicMatch is worth the $25 a year, if only to play my iTunes library from my tv. Thx
Tomorrow should be barrels of fun. (written with sarcasm)
A: I love going to college in NYC, I wouldnt wanna be anywhere else B: Yea, we dont go to college, we go to classes
#First20SongsOnShuffle 16) Super-massive Black Hole - Muse.
Tell Me A Lie on repeat. I just love this song so much words can't explain.
XD you are still awake OMG!
I can hear your eyes rolling thnx
Nice seeing you are active on social media
Literally about to faint. I feel like such fucking shit it's not even just a headache or a sore throat I feel so fucking nauseous.
George Drakoulias: "I like to hear 'no'... This is what I hate: 'I don't know what what I want, but it's not that.'"
Yeah...I do NOT recomend the cinnamon challange. Just saw my life flash before my eyes.
It was an instruction class. I emailed the prof about it yesterday to confirm and she agreed. I waited 30 mins for her class.
everybody is Irish on st paddy's. But I'm really Irish every day. “: Behave, guys! ;)”
Hey Tweeter Friends: Give us a shout out on Follow Friday
tweeting and interviewing at the same time! Thata boy!
Your kids are in my thoughts today, Beth.
Let The Church Say Amen...
Is Jayson Werth the worst MLB free agent signing of all time! Dude stinks and has a terrible attitude!
If you call yourself an artist Showcase May 3 &4 in NYC is for you. The most influential music industry executives are attending!
have a great year!! Can you follow our card store
The camera is an instrument that teaches people how to see without a camera.--DORTHEA LANGE
I wondered why I was getting so much done
Im going straight to the studio after class..I'm feeling creative....loyalty
Hey Chicago: don't forget at the Sub-T tomorrow night belated record release show!
Reporting one's own research on social media helps promote one's research and build scholarly connections, which is awesome!
We're playing this !! go like the page and get ready for an all day festival!
I watch pretty much every sport there is , the pros of growing up w/ 5 brothers . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
This day reminds us that, while enormous progress has been made, there is still work to be done before women achieve true parity. - POTUS
I want You Too...<U+2665> Follow Back ?
Is anyone has excited as I am for #GameofThrones season 2 premiere on 4/1?
Just saw Watts play with Laurence Hobgood. Great show.
i hate how ppl just talk about there problems or guys because this is why i mostly just chill with guys to not hear all this
Bliss is great. Love that spot.
#LTBroadcasts "The project now is to revive that old Nicaragua idea and build a water route from the Atlantic to the pacific" (3/4/31)
Expecting the seniors to get all the blame like always... So dumb lol
Every product w/ an iPod dock will become like those big square wall holes designed 4 old TVs when Apple decides to change the input thingy
lol..... maybe it will turn out better then the gingerbread crackhouse last year:P~...........kidding;)
Nobu catering a great event good music and good food. Life is good at
we love those Halsman's jump portraits!
how hard for u was it not to laugh when Cody's X-Mas tree was getting robbed? #Punk'd next Thurs.
Nice to see the progress
RT : Don't expect more from anyone than what you know they can give.
Protip: When running out of work after a long Friday, it's important to stretch first.
no problem.
i love you Tony.....even if u say that this isnt ur account!!!! but then jamie wouldnt be following it would she!!!!
This project sounds wonderful. "Just keep swimming!"
Thanks, Colin!
Come play with us tonight and show us how Badass you really are ;) Doors open at 8! $2 Drafts & $3 Jack Shots. Free dance lessons 8:15-9pm
Off to and beach Looking forward to getting away. Need to refresh the brain.
Okay I really need to go to sleep soo see ya luvs!!! Lol
Do what you want
man hold up
Boo, not me! I love the stuff!!
Jealous! How bout some this weekend #DayDrinking ? RT Day drinking. Again.
Excited for Apple Cup this weekend. Should be a great end to the holiday weekend.
Day 27 of 100: I'm thankful for all I've learned today
Hooo boy, I guess this means I'll be spending quality time with Bowers and Gaskell over the next few months!
she was thinking you did not realize you were even texting her.
Soundchecked and ready to roll!
thanks. Vizslas are the best.
"Words ought to be a little wild for they are the assaults of thought on the unthinking." Keynes. Happy
Wow, inconsiderate much? That's disrespectful.
Went to see The tourist today...not as action packed as I wanted but it was a cute movie!!!!!
Rollin thru Iowa.. so many cows on hills. Just passed the North Skunk River.. yeeah
Because it's summer reading for children, and summer just started.
One must put personal politics aside when confronted with the largest collection of Reagan memorabilia seen outside the Reagan Library.
Looks like it will be cool and cloudy with a chance for scattered rain showers... sorry!
Is this housewives if Detroit
Lucky me. I am off to Paris with my daughter. Then back for two days and off to a New York show. No time for jet lag.
off to lunch myself Marco, but don't forget you have unfinished business in Twitterland!
Take your pick for tomorrow: Sevendust and Prosevere at the New Daisy or Covers Fest at The Arbor!
Easter needs Braun 2 hit a walk off to DOMINATE Freese and the Cards!!! Also my wife wants 2c in a man thong!
I just finished a 8.47 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Rich. . Your tags are like an #oreo cookie in writing . . You guys rock !
Oh dang!
Plan B is a temporary position that I use to gain income to fund the vision of Plan A.
I'm hoping that Santa comes to Senegal this Christmas!! Happy holidays everyone!
Let it snow
hi scott, makes TV recording/search software that now (finally) supports mac os x. interest for tosh.0?
Just waking up...hows everyone???
it's hurt
Another awesome Bikram yoga class. Now some ME3 insanity difficulty.
Have you ever seen a #21Century #literacy lab? Come to our #FamEvent and check the one will have for us!
How am I jealous of you? My best friend is Nealer and you have who? That's right. I'm awesome.
follow me PLEASE ... I love you !!! <33
Happy birthday to my boo !
Not to be mean but we have a week 5 student of a 3 week class driving andthey are beating the hell out of me on the road. Ouch.
#ThingsThatMakeMeSmile going shopping
Civil service interviews give so little feedback. :(
Meet me at the mall it's going down. ~
Prayer and meditation at the occupy Albuquerque site today, university and central, all faiths welcome #occupyalbuquerque 8pm
Amazing experience going to Bermuda!
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do."
ABS ABS ABS ABS...now make those ABS show !
Listening to new EP " Are We There"...It's done folks.......will incl single "Recognize" & unreleased trx..stay tuned for details & dates.
RT : Press event Wed & will call on Congress to
Parks and rec is back
You want to stop piracy, entertainment industry? Stop making shit like Lou Reed/Metallica's Lulu and movies about robot boxing. SIMPLE!!
This is my new favorite thing.
Wait! It's your birthday? I was busy at work so just saw. Happy, happy birthday!
The good news- I didn't get struck by lighnting. The bad news- I also didn't win the lottery.
i miss you sam
Big S/O To My New Follower
EK coup with K-series engine :O epic
"I had a bike ride of shame. You still get judged just at a higher speed." - Meredith OZ
Dude I'd fucking love that!!
Chondrotian and glucosamine sulfate helps to slow the progress of arthritis. A great option for runners or others who are very active.
RT : Just cemented my dream summer internship with in NYC! #UWRightNow <-congrats!
What's more boring than golf?
He doesn't love me anymore !!!
look at you, tweeting!!! Who'd a thunk it. Love ya sweetie
holy smokes, guys! thanks for all the support! (:
I Need Something New , I Need Something Different .
it's clementime
In 20 hours I will be chester county bound! I can't wait to see my family!!
pre=letters;post=Youtube. Yet, I've known ppl who've leaked TS data to the enemy via youtube while deployed. So, stick to letters?
See you all tonight!
Every time someone lays down a good bunt I get a stupid smile
50 Likes and I'll upload the cover for the next track!! LMS NOW.
Pacers starting to get some makeup calls
My poor classical guitar bit the dust yesterday. Fell off a stand and cracked the body in half (lengthwise). Hope this works.
you know a guy really cares about you when hes out doing something fun but he still texts you anyways to tell you he misses you
"dude it's just a mosquito. Chill out. "- me "dude, you know how many people it's sucked off?"-
it's uncanny how accurately you just described our past 5 hours. even started calling the other drivers "son."
We called the fire department and a wrecker. We are getting towed to Freightliner in Oklahoma City.
Home with the boys watching Spongebob. Krypto, the boy & Dad!
Vampire Diaries!!!:)
hahah sounds like "lotta vacation time, gonna fly out to naples/hop in the plane sayin 'that was easy.' Staples."
Thanks (and owe you a HT ;-)
You can talk baseball?!
I love those moments you wish that time would just stop but everything else kept going.
#ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL, what the hell is that? Oh wait, it's a penis.
R.I.P. Jim Irwin
bourbon back lol :)
When Draper left the Snoball mockup ad in the taxi, I had a flashback to when the kids lost Mr. Brady's plans in the cardboard tube
Courtney is lazy AF. but I hate using AF
thanks, paul! i'm coming back to olympia soon!
Fort Devens Army Base was great. M16's and tanks and such. More importantly some great people there.
My feet are freezing! <U+E536>Time to rest after a long day!!
We're happy to have you! RT : Very happy to be for a much needed haircut!
Did Duncan just pat Griffin on the head?
Hootsuite for iPhone is my favorite Twitter iPhone app. But then I'm one of those freaks who uses Twitter lists.
I wasnt gonna anyways
#ifyouknowmeyouknow - I like to joke around a lot. I don't take life too seriously.
:: A sac fly? We will take it.
Tonight at $itu : Psychic Feline (OR), Famous Laughs, BBDDM, Meat Pressure, and more. 9PM. Ask a mug or DM for address.
hmm. I'll come hang out with you IF you come to Pax EAST this year. :-)
Men in Tights!!
Should I claim all social/web domains using the term "The Mancision" or has Rick Reilly beat me to that joke already?
My heart goes out to my friends and former colleagues at the Courier-Journal. The newspaper lost a lot today.
Trying Google Buzz. Not buying the hype so far.
shut up twitter. so loud.
Congratulations on your great work with Latino Rebels, 'mano.
Ur car was way better! Lol have a good night and this was a great experience for me so THANK YOU!!!
Has The Perfect Smile With His Dimples . <3
Hanging out, talking and laughing with friends is the simplest way to be happy!
#RecordStoreDay! and are all offering up something today! Can't wait to have them here in #Cville!
but there is a question & I prefer my candidate 2B free from such rubbish As w/the health care problem this is 2 close 2 BHO
#SSSS1 Nigel, "the disruptive capability of SSD storage is keeping him up at night"
Staying in again tonight
No not cool because my grandparents once lived here n they are both dead.....and that creeps me out there's like 14 rooms
RT : We all criticize Moyer for being old, but he's actually leading the Rockies in ERA (4.20). Nicasio leads in WHIP (1.48). S ...
Thinking about the ICONic Boyz makes me miss summer even more.<3
HAPPY FRIDAY ALL!! I'm ready for some weekend fun ;)
looks like pitching is really tough too!
I guess I'll take the credit then :)
Mine has been corrected since then. Tks for the notification, however.
#2012 is our year
My expectation for worship. Carefully planned and coordinated worship. Thoughtful. Excellent music. Good transitions. Sermon that inspires.
Just Got Off Work..Tired And Soree..Damn
Gin and Tonic as a drink was created by Brits as a means to combat malaria.
didnt get smartfi. How can I?
I know lots of successful people in both camps. I just have low tolerance, and see clutter holding some colleagues back.
Just got the starbucks app for my android! Technology is amazing :)
He basically confessed his love to me
Trying out a new Eau de Campfire cologne tonight.
One thing to mention, it was pretty packed in Great Hall at Union Station for National Train Day today.
omg, I love them.
Proof reading text in a video gets old...fast...
How have we evaded/avoided each other??
It ain't just spit game, it's ya dick game !
#ObamaBooksTitles " believe what I say, not what I do" . ,)
People Hate On Jay-Z But He's Opening Up The Doors For Young Entrepreneurs To Do WTF They Want
actual exchange: Q: favorite runner? Me: Julie "da bomb" Culley. glad you're representing the great state of NJ next wknd:)
I'm tired but stuck at work. Ready for my bed.
Depends. "Needless words" is subjective. I think some of the writer's edits weakened the piece.
:) thanks! #swing&think
P.S. The new album - much like every Garbage album - is best listened to with big headphones.
and Bermuda sends her love too! LOL!!!! Anyway gotta get the wet stuff off. Ttyl. Love ya!
Awesome! Thanks!!
how are you(:
Walter is quite the nut..
It's a new day - the Lord made it - we are glad for it. We have a closing today and a new buyer tonight and a new listing this weekend....
Also, let's definitely not try to make craft beer styles that have a market
lol! It happens every time
Vacation is drawing to a close. Ready for home and my own bed.
It was amazing and I am now dying to check out FnB. How are you today. Enjoying this storm?
People who only tweet quotes make me think they are devoid of any original thoughts.
hi Niall. you don't now me but I'm just your future wife, nbd.
Yes, because my objection to a prison rape joke in your script is that it's _cliche_.
Never give up! We're right there with ya :) RT : I better get SPAC tickets or else I am going to give up forever.
C'grats to you n the fellas. Keep me posted and I'll make sure to give you guys a shoutout a couple weeks down the road.
There's just something about Manhattan at night from a cab.
Hi, , glad to hear Brandon got in touch with you.
My sister and I covered From This Valley! If I tweet you a link will you guys watch it?
Just poned some Polanders in some sand Volleyball. What's up team America?
thank GOD!!! am not a nigerian
For #followfriday I recommend #UPEIAN105 and #UPEILC check out They run a great anthropology blog.
Woot! Look 4 him in April issue RT “: 1st hit of the Spring 4 Cameron Maybin, a solo homer to lead off game vs.
Me and Tater's 2 year anniversary today! 2 months exactly until our wedding.
Hope everyone has a safe and awesome new years! We have BIG hopes for this year!
Should be fun.
Bring it, ho
: t.you! Guess that makes you our rainbow...:)
Thank you to our panelists for the evening: Carlos Davalos -- , Sasha Foo and Paul Downey
I swear I need to go out tonight Nbs
OUCH......no more of that! I'll send you a little pixie dust to keep that from happening again.
Congratulations guys!!!
How did IronKids go?
oohrah Devil Dog
whoa. the awkward moment when you are sitting behind someone in class that is creeping on your facebook. #doiknowyou?
Now I've got "Amor Prohibido" stuck in my head. BTW Im Leo...I'm a Nashville portrait painter, keep you in mind for WEDDING!
Thanks but I am working the BBQ... As long as they enjoy the food I am happy.. BBQ fight night..
addition/correction: matt only knows about butt demons when he's drunk
Great effort from great motives is the best definition of a happy life.William Ellery Channing
man im tired... i think thats cuz i only got 5 hours of sleep lolz :/
Mall with Ariana. Swag. (:
Hey! We're holding auditions Saturday February 18th from 2-8 at the Crowne Plaza Philadelphia Main Line! Hope to see you there!!
Mac Miller's "Macadelic Tour" pulls in to UCF tonight less than 2hrs away!
LOL. Because we both have experiences that are unique to us. Its quite an apt comparison if we are talking about experience
Am I the only one who finds 3/4 of Delivera's blogs to be irrelevant?
Just saw you became mayor, !! Yay!
Happy Birthday Mandy!!!
Very excited to be giving a talk on librarians and careers with the USG this evening for the fantastic career colloquia series!
THE COLOR OF PURPLE RAIN MAN
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 13
Up watching the new phineas and ferb movie with my boys tonight. When mom's away, the boys will play.
Tour de Brunch (at Mystic Mocha).
I guess it is a pet peeve of mine. Employees coming in late to work. Students turning in late assignments. Sigh!
I really really REALLY want to go paintballing. Hopefully next month
wow, I could practically hear the excitement in that statement. mazel tov!
*crying tears of blood*
thank you for following us!
hey! Checkin in haven't heard from u not sure if we r havin that email prob again? U ok? Let me help!
Hello Miami, FL. Looking forward to spending time with 25 doctors in the morning on the concept of "Person of Interest."
word up- porter speaks true!
Happy #ThirstyThursday everyone! Enjoy a delicious cup of tea for us :)
The 5 B's of Bad Link Building: Borrowing, Begging, Bartering, Bribing and Buying
then say hello:) to me <33
Making Lavender infused gin!
My son just sneezed 15x & is now laughing hysterically because of it.
Can't. Sleep.
I'm watching Ecoluxe on Travel Channel bout Island Paradise. They're featuring Amanpulo Resort in the Philippines. I miss Boracay...
thanks for the re-tweet. I believe we'll have an effective birth control pill/method for men in the next 5 years.
Blake makes both FTs #CLIPPERS down 4 with 41 sec remaining
Had MLS conference call today. Pleasantly surprised to have on the call too. Oh how far we've come!
"Can I get a shot of qway-vo?" "You want a shot of CUERVO?" "That's what I said, KWAY-VOH!" "CUERVO?"
working on symbaloo to show awesome educational websites for a tomorrow morning's workshop.
we're in this game to play
Truly enjoyed the "Treasures of Heaven" exhibit. Heard about it via Twitter and stopped by over the holidays. Well worth it!
The whole blog post should be taken down and a major correction issued. It really is that simple.
Check out this great #Baltimore non-profit --> RT : Help us reach 500 followers! spread the movement for #play!
it's friday!!!
Let's go get dope fresh in that shower SAN!
Wrapping Christmas gifts and watching Christmas movies with my sister! Yay
RT : More WOM goodness. "Help your talkers look great. Give them the tools to tell your story." via
RT : Still looking to score a seat at #TEDxAustin: Beyond Measure some way, somehow....?! Take a peek at the next tweet:
Finally found my way over to the #MobileProcessing conference. Squee!
Great question! :)
Imprtant factor in GB's partners was the immunity for major damages of state universities - Samuelson
Welcome Zack & have a good weekend.
Dont marry the person you think you can live with; marry only the individual you think you cant live without.
BOGO Bowling (shoes not included) at Seminole Bowl located on W. Tennessee St. Only w/ a
omg, yes! I love tns.
No matter how much you may think you know us Capricorns you will never have us fully figured out.
": ..I believe we have a massive hypo-hydration in US."I wld thnk the opposite?
get mobile!
I think it's cute when my boyfriend laughs at my commentary.
is watching "Page One: Inside the New York Times." It's a well done documentary.
CEO Sterling Speirn just took the stage. #ccsforum2012 "Infants are only defined by the people around them."
over 200 followers in one whole day! love mahomies!<3
Only 1 week of skool left...where did tje time go?
Two EPIC HITS in TOP 10 on The Billboard Club Play Chart! #4 "Brokenhearted Remixes" and #6 "Dance Again Remixes"
Everyone around me is trying to make a statement, then there's me. I'm just trying to survive.
I got a lot of pennys I need to go to a strip club make it hail and tell a dried out stripper i love her
I wasn't ;) It set off my b.s. alarm pretty fast.
I need water. This dry poptart is so dry
Hi JJ Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
#MyFavoriteText "Don't forget were going to location X later!" when you've totally forgotten you had anything planned that night.
I heart Johny Mayer! !! I could listen to his words al day.
Hey that lounge in silver spring looks almost open! Yay.
Ghetto Word of the Day: Pizza “Dis boi be frontin’ rull hard, but he ain’t never gettin’ a pizza my booty.”
I LOVE THE ASSHOLE CHANTS FOR LEBRON! THIS IS WHY I LOVE NY AND MSG!
bring cherub back to sf for a show pls!
are you returning yours?
Oh my god and like hacked me....damn.
Great gig last night for aids research alliance gala. Biltmore tonight with Luca Ellis and Ryan Cross! 8:30.
Only like the most publicized hard a lol": oh okay cool. What's captain Morgan ? Lol"
#geektour2011 at #eBay. Great to meet everyone!
OK, Certified Copy is...confusing.
thinks the Frenchie got screwed... best in show that is, not the olympics!
"continuous life living"
Yay YOU GO H
Would you like a car to go with that?
is that fred hale
Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it
RT looking for local austin band that wants to have live projections/video integrated into their show. email me at
Hapara making sense of Google Apps for Education. At demo day.
Good luck! Take your time and don't stress. God has your back and you will do well! Best wishes!
we will do our best! how are you today?
My dude actually got the maschine not that long ago, but I really haven't got into it that much.
#NowPlaying: #Electronic and Indie music on Skull Candy hosted by #NicoleD'Angelo
what school you go to bro
i love white cheddar popcorn!!!
Fantastic. Synchronicity is what makes the world go'round. Keep coloring by numbers!
haha just me. doesn't know the difference between the NL and AL.
Today is the 100th day of 2012. What are you doing to mark this day in your child's year?
never too late. Thank you
what? Oh, well I am sure we are number 4.
"Sometimes poker is hard and you get owned." Andrew Lichtenberer
"Sometimes I pee my pants...and it's because you tell the best jokes."
Guess I'll be eating chicken noodle soup tonight. Geez!
I was ova thur round 8 some.. Ain't really see nobody tho..
Had a great shoot today with the hot dancers and bartenders of ... will post soon! www.sherrymartinphotography.com
I have never heard of this major before: Intellectual History. Anyone?
Best friends become strangers, that's how it is
Can we say TGIF!!
Had a long night couldn't sleep but I'm good tho :)
#ThingsIHateInTheMorning--->> When my light gets turned on while I'm still sleeping <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I did so bad today u.u
Who is getting that bao today?
MU looked pretty good so far the first half - staying with Tennessee, even through the sloppiness
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to sharing your tweets with others.
lol look at dude. Dude like fish sandwiches.
Looks like head-case Gallardo is at it again. Is it possible for him NOT to give up runs in the first inning?
Avengers again tonight with Sam and Lindsey.(:
You cannot experience tomorrow, you can only anticipate it
Yes I know Gina ! Her passion for art helped encourage me to get started again
Happy Birthday to my friend and fellow #sagrad, ! Have a fantastic day! You deserve it! :)
It requires less character to discover the faults of others than is does to tolerate them. - J. Petit-Senn
TG for #checksandbalances in our exceptional US constitution. Nothing like it in the world!
I VOLUNTEER
lol chads my boy. I haven't seen him in forever
Fly? what kind of toy did you get I have a helicopter I fly occasionally
then u do a pretty good job
Approximately 9,000 Americans suggested that about 12% of the general public experience #socialanxiety at some point during their lives.
Only Ace of Spades and PJ
LOL. so my dad was eating a Chinese and I walk in smelling the Chinese saying 'I'm Hungry and he gives me his food #YUM <3
lol forgot bro I swear I was tryna match u
I am so pleased. I fermented French oak in my merlot for the first time and it is outstanding wine.
Great POTUS speech that explored the complex depths of MLK and placed him in proper esteem.
naw I'm jokin but both her and were fun to work with and very proffesional .
oh yup haha I hear you tho and it's probably not the safest to fuck around with prostitutes in Europe huh?? Or is it ..
One Direction sucks
R.I.P. MCA of the Beastie Boys
laying up don't have time for that you talk so much about money laying up should not be on your mind
WHY YOU NO FOLLOW ME? SJHFLAJSIAHDCASLJDLSAHDLKSA
Like NY&Co on Facebook and they'll donate $1 to St. Jude Children's Hospital. That's more incentive for me than a coupon offer. "Like"
Woot! RT : Social media karma ..discussing Pinterest while getting a tweet that is now pinning!
michela or whatever her name is
Black guys are just so attractive .
My wife and I are looking forward to this seasons premier. You rock
Skipper Beck part owner of Charlotte Bobcats (with Michael Jordan) killed in a plane crash today...Bad timing with HOF induction
I'm excited to talk to the - UW Madison CR's tonight at 6:30 on behalf of !!
"Lol at my life" - me every minute of every day
:-D Of Course... Plus I Can'tTellALie!!
Ok so last night was a big misunderstanding, nothing happened
"thinks this year, he is going to buy all his Christmas gifts fromNike"
the adult one is Accdiental Diva (haven't read it yet). Then she wrote It Chicks and Sixteen Candles, for YA
Does New York Jets QB Tim Tebow Deserve to Be on 'Top 100' NFL Players List ... - Yahoo! Sports
Some things just never change...
GET THE FUCKING BALL IN THE PAINT. STOP SHOOTING OUT SIDE!!!
How u doin today, love?
"The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled." Plutarch was my boy for a while.
I remember doing that to my parents... wish I would have NOT been such a brat.
I love "raised by wolves" by FIROfficial great song with great lyrics and great music, even the synth is awesome!
Support record stores today and every day!
MT : Did you know? The new CHI website has a "What We're Reading" section full of interesting, relevant articles updated daily.
3 days without drinking pop, check. 27 more to go.
rt - Decorative Concrete Atlanta Ga Acid Stain Floors Etc. and Stamped Concrete Patios Driveways Pooldecks Etc www.AtlantaConcrete.net
ready for #immsea lovin' the cool seattle weather
Congrats to 's brother for winning back-to-back WIAC player of the week awards
Really? Waiting for the next headline: Everything you do linked to cancer Prolonged sitting linked to breast cancer, colon cancer
Hey girl
I sure hope I,m NOT on this week....haha
LOL, don't remember seeing many people with books or small TV's...good thing hey?
I'm so unworthy and undeserving of your love. Thank you.
It's National Grill Cheese Month!!!
Dare to dream.
Counterproductive? Girl across from me on bus is reading a diet book while demolishing a giant burrito
I rather be judged by 12 than carried 6
excited to watch the premiere of chasing the sun from tonight ^.^
Come in from the cold & enjoy one of our incredible cocktails like the ever popular Occupy Pumpkin or the very tasty Persimmon Date Project!
I'm way too nice .
We're getting excited for the trek to Seattle for Coffee Fest!
my education life= gladys noon spellman elementary in cheverly then wildass charles carroll middle school then parkdale high school
I'm just afraid I'll be standing under it when it does
He alone loves the Creator perfectly who manifests a pure love for his neighbor. -- St. Bede the Venerable
For a cheap bell jet ranger, about $550-650. For an A-Star, $1,200.
That's true enough. Part of the problem is that values are not consistent from generation to generation, though.
Boy, where you BEEN? I know, I know, on the road. Miss you big time. Say the word (bourbon) and I'm there.
can I get a heart too?
But I wnt some weed thooooo
Finally at designing my crossing shirt! Excited!!
Sounds like Bynum's starting to get those Artest techs-on-rep calls.
"The big shots are only the little shots who kept shooting."
Effing shame. #Orioles to do list: 1st Base, 3rd Base, Left Field.
q5) Film "life as a house " - lesson: Life is short, live it
How long ago did you post them Hun? How far back in your TL are they? I will go and check again, don't be mad at me. :)
THAT WAS A DEMONIC CHILD WITH AND EXTRA EYE ON ITS LIP,
Hiring sign outside Starbucks shows a bearded white man. Then a BWM was cleaning the bathroom when I tried to use it. Whoa!
I'm so not in the mood.My life is so screwed up. #wtf #whatisgoingon. <U+E416> <U+E421>
“: Happy SKAnksgiving. Anyone wanna go to SKAppleton” // wow they still do that? I think I last went in ... 1995.
knocked it out of the park! So proud of you and this team.
Thanks Tom Hope you have a great week!
Are you a surgeon with a down to earth personality interested in working with an exceptional, team oriented, well-compensated group in Mich…
You Look Like Lamon Now. >_<
omg! heyy(: its been awhile! Im good! How are you??
fun run for poland spring tomorrow?
did you know that all #loopabroad students will come home with 3 completed college essays?
Reggie Bush!!!
LOL dont forget after timeouts when u hear the coaches in the huddle, he says "..now I like what Coach ___ said here...."
People say soccer is boring because they don't score often. But I think that makes it so much better when you score
happy birthday!(:
Let's hear some #Peyton predictions. Where's he going? #Redskins? #Dolphins? #Colts? Retirement?
We hope everyone had a nice Passover Holiday !!!
not to hate new Mahomies but only true Mahomies knows how it feels <3
"love it, i love it, i love it when you eat it! i see why people like that song, it's so catchy #Rihanna"
Nice rebranding! RT : Q3: My first plan of action was to call them Mobile Learning Devices not Cell Phones.
Watching idol...
always knows whatsup... great music 29/7 <- That was on purpose
The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who can't read and write, but those who can't learn, unlearn, and relearn. -A. Toffler
Go #invent something. #Think for yourself. Texting doesn't make you #smart. Your #passion can lead you to what may become your
Going to be interviewing the lovely, talented China Forbes today for April Goodness. Any must not miss questions I should ask?
What? Pagers as cool as those were you'd have to run to a payphone. And if u didn't change. With cells its easier to cheat.
#WhenTheBossIsAway the rules don't apply 2 u. just make sure u bury the evidence where no one will ever find it.
AQUS breakout play, the bulls are here .0081s up!
dang little mama you is such a loser.
thanks for the link
Can't wait to hit the studio
Hell yeah they do! rt ": the best ideas come in the shower"
RT - Uuughh I hate the Miami Dolphins. && now I'm gonna have to become a fan bc Reggie Bush is there <3 Plus my boo ...
love the show
ahh fuck this dude...i was on this chat thingy (IMVU) and i told him im 15 and he left
I agree, the series is excellently done, regardless of its cartoon style graphics
gah im so mad lol. I get my license in July so i need to start practicing
We just be coolin it....
Cried like a babe watching the vow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><U+2614>
after parties. Always.
Bars will be there but Boondocks? Gotta catch it when you can!
Reggie! Reggie! Reggie!
do u need another picture to proove it ?
Having our own small Bassmaster classic this weekend in S. GA, ready to put em in the boat
Cleveland Park it is. Fine! That's it. I'm done. 10 months of searching.
Claire is in the ICU... :(
RT: : beer pong cups...shot glasses-----Always a necesity!!
. Thank you for taking a stand against #hatespeech of toward #women by pulling your ads from his show.
bout to hit the lab.......shooby dooby baby...
On this day in 1925, the novel "The Great Gatsby," by F. Scott Fitzgerald, was first published.
I only fucks with POLO just how i do ..it.. !!
Can't sleep and have to be at work bright and early :(
but soon enuff we got back together :) but then a bomb shell struck he was at college and his friend pissed me off so i called her names
Did u do that lap dance juke remix ??
RT :Important reminder from the very wise : Your title can make you a boss but only followers can make you a leader
Juicy tonight ! At Hydrate night club ! Free till 12am ! Open till 4am.
Hello I really enjoyed the #SOME awards. . Follow me and I would love to have you support ActSo
As many times as I blink I'll think of you.
Call Me, Maybe....MYFUCKINGSONGTILLTHEDEATHOFME.
although it had a particular magic coming in live, stanza by stanza, in amid all the streaming chatter
i need a good book on failure for a recent graduate. Any suggestions?
I just resent it. Also check your inbox.
All great truths begin as blasphemies. -George Bernard Shaw
did you know?The only planet without a ring is earth.
HAHA. Why thank you, sweetie. I figured us Sconnies have to stick together. :)
have fun and stay safe <3
It's an interesting topic! If you're ever looking for info on So. language to go w/ it, let me know, there's some good stuff.
Do you ever get a chance to watch from the states? Awesome video game coverage? Pretty cool they featured your Mario art!
#ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf of the bullying and start being happy for the person instead of being jealous. It won't get you anywhere in life.
Thank you! I enjoy reading your blog. Keep in touch!
U should come! But I think u will be playing in Europe!
#Athletics! But We're ok with the #sfgiants cuz sf rocks when they win.
GAME 7!!! ALL OR NOTHING!!! LETS GO RANGERS!!!!!
“: I'm pretty sure you could eat any food all day lol”>>>shut up haha...you're just as bad as me!
Hey Tila...hope all is well with you. What programs did you get? I hope we still get to shoot together very soon.
Shout out to follow her!...she follows back
BABY COWS? Anyone have any I could photograph?
Relative probability of impoverishment due to house fire < 1%, due to auto accident < 1%, due to long term care need = 40%.
.dang, i would tell you but i have no clue! haha
Shirley, this song speaks to me!
The big stumbling block with responsive design for enterprise/business websites is ads.
We have Free popcorn! :) But we do have beer and liquor specials!
Skype team meeting to discuss?
Whip it whip it
Texting you rn
The fact that retweeted me like twice today . >> #dowork !
YEAH!!! Pats going to the Superbowl!!
That Chelsea vs Barcelona game was crazy, sorry but if you don't watch soccer you're missing out on a lot!
Finally got on to Netflix, it's so awesome, it may ruin my life. On the bright side I'll catch up with Lost.
closed on sundays -___- I'm about to come over
Raftery wants a foul every time WKU drives to the basket.
im Obsessed with Progress
I would do so many naughty things to you.
Good: Separated content for kids from adults. Bad: Still see kids content with the adult content. Why?
I can't believe they objected to such a wonderful name! Morons. (Seriously, though, bleh! I'm glad you were overruled.)
Thank you!! Good luck with the blog!! :)
I was thinking maybe Ruby or something since it looks interesting, but does anyone have any suggestions that aren't C++ or Java?
it looks so cute!
“ “ #Scorpio will fight for what they want.””
I'm having a sneeze attack. And my friend said me being orchestra is sexy. Bahahah
Throughout the past few days, all I could think about was guard and how much I already miss everyone. Withdrawal sucks.
Spent our last night with the spaniards, enjoyed french wine, spanish chocolates, and an american feast!
I am! Hope the same is true for you. Another sunny day.
doing my nails supa cute :*
Another walk off win at home!
Everything in stats, I understand so we will see how this test goes. I also felt confident in English last year lol..
Tired and a little bit fuzzy headed. Possibly coming down with something.
thanks boo boo. Will definitely be doing a lot f <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>
umm i saw the smile on ur face. u were digging the attention. dont gotta lie. works for everybody
Introducing: " Trust-Based Parenting: Creating Lasting Changes in Your Child's Behavior" our newest DVD. Order now for deliverly mid-May
“: What's the score ?” 74-73 Indiana
Hi Todd! We look forward to seeing you next Friday. Unfortunately, we do not take reservations. See you soon. TY
#ThingsIwantTheMost a brietling, a Bentley, and a b!tch by the time I am forty
Winner takes it all, loser takes the fall -- over the top.
she better come over!
she did sign to emi
on the metro going back to maryland
I've called my mom 18 times and she hasn't answer >.<
#SongsYouHaveToDanceTo ANY LMFAO SONG!!! ITS LIKE A RULE Y'KNOW!!
All professionals need a bio so get your bio written by Your Thoughts, LLC!
it's not blocked for me I just checked now and it let me watch it
and trying to figure out ways to motivate them more.
If a name or some words is all your designer can do, then its time for change
Woke up with Wolverine hair and left it that way.
follow me back
will have plenty of company from California at DU with committing there recently. Congrats to you both!
The latter's well established by history. The former I'm still trying to prove. I appreciate it Dave. Cheers to you and yours
Haha. I wish the same about my HTC He RT I wish my iPhone battery lasted lon
Houston family has signed deal w/ Lifetime to film reality show in wake of Whitney's death, making Jacksons look classy.
Great..Now I want a margarita. Thanks I will be seeing you later this week
#ios uitablviews were not a good option for a popup thumbnail view. Redoing with a uiscrollview
"Mailbox full" you are an loathsome message.
what did she do?
The team is thrilled you're loving the slim cropped! Next we can get you into our #NEW Bright #1969 Legging Jeans!
Then CS just keeps saying there's nothing they can do & that they're sorry. I've been such a proponent of DTV in the past, too.
Don't give yourself a fever. That won't be helpfu.
And we don't say enough, we are at fault, even if we "do right" by our own family. So many girls who trapped by expectations
JASMINE IS DOING THIS #RANDOM :P
Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has many not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.Charles Dickens
Thanks for the RT! We are so excited about the show!
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
“: Go Wings! RT : And we're underway at the United Center! Let's Go Red Wings!!! #DRWChat”
All our #Tutors have college degrees from well known universities or are exceptional juniors or seniors at local universities....
That made her night .. She hype as a bitch ...
No better way to spend tonight than East side YL leader appreciation dinner #favoritepeople <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0094>
did you buy a cd
Excited to see uptick in hiring from our client base. Combined with Q4 employment numbers, we may recover from this thing yet...
Too many missed oppertunities
hey David I hope you got my note and consider my request. Lol!
Success is going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. Winston Churchill
Are you a contractor that uses Service Magic? If so beware if you cancel service they probably won't remove your info and steal business
hehe w/ the funny accent and all
Took dog for walk this sunny spring a.m. to discover bldg next door surrounded by cops. Pretty sure we've totally won that war on drugs now.
RT : Size matters not. Judge me by my device do you? Responsive, design must be. M.
Going to an in-and-out burger for the first time in my life. Excited to see what they got and how it tastes.
right , and my cardinal teacher she cares about us a little too much ! she stay in somebody fucking business
The switch was made by me BA and Rock...I'm the skipper...skipper of the bullpen.. recognizes this
I'm so sad about Whitney Houston. I loved her when I was a little girl. I wish that I could sing like she did.
Still can't get over the Tupac hologram
oh hey guys, was playing diablo
Oil change finished acting class later what to do now....
Let's go #solartribe ! -- "Build a vision for the people and recognize that no single source of leadership will make it happen"
49ers by 14. NY didn't play as well as they should have against a Packers team that didn't play well at all.
|_|-++ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
snap! touch his goatee for me!
May the fourth be with you! (yay)
Of course, that's not to say my kids aren't worth it. Holding my 18 month old now. They are definitely worth it. :-)
iPhone is the modern magic wand.. Love that.
When are WE going to THINK like a PEOPLE and act LIKE a NATION?
Getting closer with my luck they will probably run out right before me lol
Nothing new, nothing old.
P90zzz for sure!
I would also take out a massive ad campaign with billboards saying this is the guy, don't beat him up... Please
People are so confused by the term Social Media Optimization. It's not about keywords!
It's raining like a sumabitch over here .
I'm so sleepy. I can't keep my eyes open, off to dream-land sweet-dreams. This week is sure flying on by.
I <3 U, ! Especially the way U do your #FFs! RT #ff , she's a writer and fine woman.
Casey's sentencing is a bit more complicated than it looks. She was in jail 3 yrs ago on check fraud charges B4 murder charged. No credits.
Heated toilet seats...i want those
small market teams can pony up...until Travis Hafner screws your payroll.
really stretching there, aren't ya?
man u ate them already
I'm inside for now, but will catch BNSF Metras at around 4:30. Looking forward to it.
Thank you!!!
agreed. It's inevitable. Second that
FRIDAY AFTERNOON CLUB! Come in today from 3-6 pm for Free BEER and a slice of pizza!
What type of events are you looking for....nightlife, shows, day trips
why are you not seeing mutemath in dc!
ur so strange
Hey Eli! Good luck to you and my Giants on Sunday! You guys are so hot right now! Go get us a win! Good luck! GO BIG BLUE
Insane dreams lately wtf?!!!!! Every night this week!....I usually don't even dream.
RT : "Critics are raving about the cabin in the woods"....Wait, what?
. . . I wonder if that's better or worse than handing out candy like it's advice?
At the park with kids, u can't keep kids in the house all day every day.
please just write your senator, think about all the money our country would bring , think about the people it would help.
sweet... we'll hang out :)
said she would tweet, and did.
Trying to buy a car and you have to figure all of this other stuff out.
Today 1898: Golda Meir born in Russia. In 1906 they came to Milwaukee. She graduated from the Milwaukee Normal School (now UWM).
your lack of factual information on this subject is telling have you been getting all your info from SDGLN?
#BestSpongebobQuotes WHAT ARE THEY SELLING? CHOCOLATE! WHAT? CHOCOLATE! I remember when they first invented chocolate..I ALWAYS HATED IT!!
Seems like most Wegmans have them already. Herrema's in Irondequoit, too. Call ahead to make sure.
Do you like America?
RT Someone just told me I was a blessing in disguise :),my response was I don't need all of that I'm just here to help!
yeah :P he threw it at me.
Excellent point! Like the butterfly effect analogy
Just finished up my tetris marathon with
Brennan Newberry in Miami for the Camping World Truck Series tomorrow. Check out the pics with Carson Racing below.
I suggest you all treat NATO like a Zombie outbreak.
Forgive me destiny this world has ruined your plans for me
the internet is so boring now...
"I'm like a whore with who does my hair. As long as they do a good job, I let whoever do me"
Thank you!
The Black Keys - She's Long Gone
did they really catch them or do they just have a suspect?
I ain't even mad at Clay Bennett tho. Dude lied, but who really thought he wanted to stay? If Schultz doesn't sell the team to him...
Luv this! RT : Great coffee, cocktails, rooms, views of the harbor and (soon) sushi. What's there not to love...
Let's stay together til we're ghosts; I wanna witness love, I've never seen it close. Yeah, but I guess I gotta find it first .
Think SC results won't have much effect. This has already turned into two man race that is going to last for a while.
I've been longing for the thaw since January... at least. Is that not long enough?!
Inclined to think there were very few cooler than MCA. So sad
I see nothing wrong begging for Super Bowl tickets from a show created for lonely housewives.
let u know early
On my way to work tired as fuck!!!
I just want to lay in bed for the rest of the week...mostly bc I don't know how I'm going to pay for the gas in my car.
How in the world do people reply to question posts on the Tumblr machine? I AM MYSTIFIED.
Moms for Change a fun entrepreneurial workshop on May 6, helps you learn to have it all. Call for details, 847.607.1354.
Sure bring me over and we will party w the blues and jazz u love.
Newt is so awesome that days after he was born he drove his family home from the hospital.
I did work for them back when they were Exploris. Make sure you get the view of Moore Sq park from the Maddona
no. I want a 22 episode season. It's too short... Like a newbie with bad foreplay!
just a warning, it gets pretty addictive :P
Oh yeah! Another thing Auditorium does is automatically sync with Dropbox. So notes taken at school will be on home computer.
Just u looking at me makes me smile(:
DO IT! omg that sounds wicked!
Video Shoot Tomorrow For New Single Off Fuck Ya Feelin's Get Mad Vol2
S/o ,we don't miss a beat & never have idle feet
Thanks For The Follow Fam.
yes Rosie! Just don't call me an evil step mother :* hehe
Just gave a 18 dollar tip on a 6 dollar cab ride
The Music City Networks team is on the way to summit
Sween bean is in the buildin
I used to have more luck with Neutrogena, but now that I'm on limited allergy meds I can't wear anything again.
Drinking a nice Pepsi; it's good my third time drinking it! Usually I drink water or Appel juice! ;) (I'm very different I guess)
When I have to leave, I'm just gonna walk around the neighborhood.
God, I miss you weirdos already.
Survey last year revealed that the 18-34 age group prefers print advertising to online advertising. Time to add #print to your marketing mix
just dropped wisdom on us at #cpl12 "You have to solve a business problem."
Good morning good people!
I #believe I'm getting sick. This is not the time for something to invade my body & try to take over! I will OWN you!!!
you got a dog? Is your cat mad at you?
D-money is funny.
But I ain't Santa I got something for these bad bitches too
Bats always turn left when exiting a cave.
yeah tony here
Getting used to the new Gmail interface. Mostly OK, but I could do without the extra click to get to Contacts. Is there a way around it...
p.s. I love your three beliefs.
it depends on if he means verbally or just good positioning with a hand showing where to pass
A wiki seems to be big way for people to set up personal learning community conversations.
I hate when random little kids send me messages on xbox when I'm playing cod... gtfo of here and stop calling me a noob -_-
Awww fun!! I still would like ur help getting these vocals back in shape so when ur ready and have time let me know!!:)
Good point! Logists could be one of the hardest parts!
I was gonna hit up atrium in couv. Sounds like they shut down :(
Glad to be #home but oddly miss #Canada already or maybe I just miss the
Seriously Jose Reyes? Leave after 1 plate appearance?
is it worth the hype?
"I pity he fool." "You missed a T." "Yes I am." -- can someone explain this to me? .-.
It's the first day of spring. Or as I like to call it, the Return of the Ice Cream Trucks.
the premise of that ad is wrong...who says there's no sex in heaven?
Thank god I'm not a rapper.. I know y'all niggas pissed at what's on the radio
Closed tonight for maintenance, crushing ambivalence.
I need to be doing the same damn thing
Check us out on TMJ4's the "Morning Blend" Friday morning at 9am!
Your voice makes me cry of joy.
Breaking News! North Korean Leader Kim Jong Il is reported to have died.
Thanks to my newest followers! U ROCK!
lol idk...a vanilla milkshake sounds good right now.
is that the only spanish you know? x
If Chris would quit talking over everyone...we could have the woman donors name! Anyone know?
Playing a Triple Stud tourney for some reason
This week's #parksandrec was Emmy-worthy.
Something hot! :)
follow back..:)
yes, it did. thank u. signing off. few hrs alone w/guy while teen is out for a few hrs. good night.
to reading your blog posts as you meander through this new journey of fatherhood... :D
Only if you study it in ethnic studies courses.
When the sun rises is when I sleep but I have to be up in a few hours -__-
Like this status if your stomach is growling.
Hate 4pm games. By the time I'm off work, it's already in the 7th. Though, by the look of it, doesn't seem like I missed much. *sigh*
Marion County!:D
Marvin Waitforit Eriksen. "That is the coolest middle name of all time."
Don't surround yourself with yourself. move on back two squares. Send an instant karma to me. initial it with loving care...
dear , I just discovered your blog and I think you just gained a fan for life. You are awesome :)
Wow. Interesting.
That makes me want to eat quail eggs even more than I already do.
so. I'm expecting to see some of your "writings." Maybe we can do something together.
Thank you for the RT! Have a great day.
RT : "Golf is deceptively simple and endlessly complicated." --Arnold Palmer
Spot on!
Saw Skyline last nite. Please do not waste your money.. Megamind, on the other hand was hilarious!
In past, always had some semblance of an idea about what to expect from #Bucks offseason & next season. Now: None whatsoever.
So...I feel like such a horrible daughter...I just got my mom flowers and I didn't even buy them with my own money. It was my dad. Lol.
Why u such a whore .?
I fell asleep during the National Anthem.
A cold wind blows, Brighton to the coast for me
9-0 Locos. Don't count us out yet! Still another half of football left.
that's the $200 million question ... I say yeah, but with trepidation. And the number might be 210 by tonight.
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend. -Laertius Diogenes
I AM NOT HAYLEY.
I'd rather have Mo out for a year then out for good.
went too sleep
Eww I feel your pain girl!
#thought. Maybe the rise of electronic mass media means demagoguery is less prevalent since you don't have to be a good speaker to be heard
finally tweeting on a smartphone from a randon location: johnny foley's
Oh The Cranberries are back in business!! ;-)
#LTBroadcasts "Now comes a very large proposal to build a union terminal in NYC" (3/24/31)
of course -_- I get out at 7:30!
#InMiddleSchool I was stuck shaving, eeck! Thankfully there's waxing :)
Lord, what shall I do now to reach my goals & dreams? I know I must maintain my health so I can ride the sunbeams.
But can it really be so serious?
Hopefully I don't have to go to school on Senior skip day
I am reminded of the guy who 25+ years ago, maintained "WordStar is easy to use, *once you learn the commands." Stupid stupid mindset.
I want to live on wisteria lane :)
Saying a tough goodbye today...
those RAGBRAI tanlines still crack me up!
Cordy Glenn moving up draft boards after today. Great job #NFLNetwork as always with #NFLCombine coverage. Can't wait for RG3 40 tomorrow!
#7daysofsex = Little bit of Heaven :-)
what was Lowery's record the previous two years? What happened this year?
I just want to sleep in my own bed .
Bo Jackson can do anything.
have a great race day!! Go24!! see you in VL!!
I love u<3
On my way out to penn hills <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
i love you to!
: D never fails
Yeah, I'm pretty incompetent.
“: Niggas Hate it when they see you Blowing up!!!!!” sad but true
um.. in is arms :p
Just a reminder.. We're taking a break from Mac n Cheese night for a bit.. Wing Night has returned!!
"Part bad parents, and part youthful rebellion, he wanna buy a dream, but I don't know what to sell him" - Fire Album Sir!!
Walker Evans, Hobo Hunter?
You guys make celebrity gossip just hilarious! Always fun to watch.
Thx for a great webinar! Going to be thinking about my skills outside of libraries as I do my job hunting over break.
Survived another 3/15 corporate deadline. How did the rest of ny fellow #CPA tweeps make out? :-)
You're nothing but a slut. So unfollowing you. Not even sure why I followed you as we never talk anymore.
Oh, me too! I need some sunshine and fun conversation right about now. I'll find an excuse to get to Cali soon!
Big shout out my follow him! Google him!Phominal Artist! Let's get it!
Me too! Hadn't had any for awhile! :-)
Just taking the time to thank all the supporters and to wish you a Merry Christmas....don't forget about Jesus today.
Good Morning Baltimore! Tonight's the FIRST #ShoreNight of the season with $2 Steamed Crabs! Start planning your post-work feast now!
First time visiting San Francisco at the #BlackBerry DevCon
I will check out the pictures after
I can't believe people are falling for President's new gay marriage stance.Talk is cheap, let's see him sign legislation before the election
M, Home Made Bacon.... YUM!
who wants to play
I'm so tired.
S/o to for qrindn daily
It's National Kissing day! So here's a big fat #muah! :)
Hey sexy girl... sayin HI and fuck you :)
: Metta World War #NewNicknameForMettaWorldPeace” not fair at all, most players I know would have done the same.
It amazes me that people put energy towards fake Twitter accounts. Yes, , you.
If my life were a book, readers would definitely find this year the most interesting chapter.
ikr tests don't help at all
Follow for 2009 Little League World Series news. I'm sure will be tweeting the games as well.
I compare myself to other girls way too much
okay sweet! oh and i still say make a video for postcards... :)
Please let me win I am a big breast cancer supporter, my grandmother passed with breast cancer and my favorite color is pink
I had a nightmare I dropped and cracked my iPhone
looking for open places for november. Done and done
I will have lots of books with me.
Birute Regine on balancing feminine & masculine skills at ICFGR mtg-"soft skills are hard!"
Omg. Back from orlando. was AMAZING<3
Im sorta off da set I aint suppose to fuck wit her
still though no regrets ill die before i want to change something in my past
AWWH HELL NAWWHH!! NOW YOU ARE DOING THE EXTREME. OH MAN. PLEASE UNDO THAT ABEL. i will bake you cookies. and love you forever!!!!
really cool you are down with working against
Rest in Eternal Peace to legendary journalist, advocate & icon Gil Noble. My Hero.
Boutta kill this business presentation tomorrow
Thanks for the RT! :-D
if i wanted to see footloose, i'd rent the original. just saying.
try linepleaseapp for rehearsing lines! good luck in casting.
quick question!!!! Do you like the band Maroon 5????
jon have u sold ya old iphone?
Hey supamodel. Finally got a DSLR again. One step closer right?
I used to believe in things like Faith and Destiny... Then I realized those are just Stripper names.
I'm not getting any sleep tonight thanks to Mikey.
Thanks for the link - Crazy stuff!
Besides Copper Onion, don't miss Cucina Toscana.
ready to cop freshness
Is auditioning for a genius non Musical play today. I really want it!!!! Beautiful writing and the chance to work with an amazing Director.
So excited for #MadMen with !
Committee updates to ensure youth recreation, education, and community opportunities throughout the city
RT - The Jacksonville Jaguars are fucking terrible
TODAY 11-11-11 A salute to Fallen Heroes and those that have served and still sterve!
I think it's pathetic how they hate on him. In all honesty I couldn't care less what they think of Peyton because in my eyes he's PERFECT<21
just do a few instead!
Gov. Cuomo has advised that he wants to hear the voice of the people -- is he listening & realizing that EI needs his attention.
What'd I do?!
what are y'all up to this weekend? I'm in need of some girl time!
The Celtics weren't giving the ball to Ray Allen as of late, and they finally do and he not only had a big game, but goes clutch!
Apparently they only make bikinis for the busty in England.
Lunch workout followed by green smoothie... Could not feel better and ready to attack Tuesday, part deux.
They crash my truck with their drugdog
cann we please kick it soon i miss yo face!
:O “ Whatever you say you cottage cheese whale <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>”
New weight loss plan: Train to be competitive eating champ. Time to channel my inner Black Widow.
Excited that got an unexpected day off today. We get to spend Thanksgiving together while she recovers from her nagging cold.
thanks to all the love ITUNES is now releasing #MISTLETOE early...now coming #OCT17th !!! spread the world...we r going for our first #1!!
Hyperexstended my arm at practice... again.
"sweet monacle, dude": OH at brooklyn flea, without a touch of irony
haha I won't.. love you Court! :)
'Double Standards' by Ab-Soul is also a dope ass song. Easily one of the better ones. EASILY.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have
Whatever happened to plain 'ole lavender blue-dilly-dilly-dilly...silly.
No way!! Who would have thought we'd both be in the #infosec world. Love it!
Stadium Sauce would be a good compliment to pickle juice. I hope that's revealed in the training tips.
Thanks Good company to be in, great start to our week!
The science channel started playing Firefly reruns :)
Who's got pics from ?
my son has cracked my phone and computer screen haha it definitely sucks!
yes, almonds and trail mix are great healthy snacks too in between meals. Egg whites for breakfast are a good idea too.
thank you Jalani! Get ready, a new website makeover coming soon, plus blog. Can't wait!
I'd fake blindness to touch u inappropriately <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
I'm so happy for you Martha !
Sign up for our emails for coupons and good stuff! (It's to the left next to the monkey!)
may events… queer club dance off, all-girl bands, roller derby ...
Y'all better tell y'all team to take it to the whole and quit shootin them weak a** jumpers!
RT "Write like you're in love. Edit like you're in charge. #writing"
Haha interesting. I'll habe to try it. But seriously. 26 courses where I'm not blown away... WHAT?!
Mitchell has arrived at Moe's. Being met by enthusiastic supporters.
I got a bill for $117.42 in the mail for an account that I closed 5 years ago. Waiting on manager to call back. Left CFO a vm too
nice peace sign in yours
What's up
fremont boy and girl lets go win a champion and beat maryland :)
The boyz are gonna delete ! ;(
Five Best Weather Web Sites [Hive Five]
Everyone follow their sick!!!!:)
Mothers day is Sunday and it made me realize that in the almost 5 years of me being a parent the father of my girls has never told me HMD
Tell the Prez I said yo Barack. Tell him I said I think he changed his number and he should take my calls.
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a
Ladies Night tonight !!! $1 Margaritas until 11 P.M. Drink Specials every 30 Min.
HELL YEAH THEN SHE SAID I BET YOU'VE NEVER BEEN CALLED THAT BEFORE LOL.... CLEARLY NOT LOL
#IfWeJustSmashing Don't text me for no other reason EVER
quite true. i can't please all the people, all the time. (and thank you! :-)
a different finger each time or the same finger?
attending a muffin weeding.
I can let you do it as a photo project if interested
. It's "inappropriate" to suggest Mitt Romney means anything he says
Last night was my first time at Aura & I had a great time! Thanks!
My phones fucking up big time, so much for having a "smart phone" .
<U+25CA> I don't mind him too much, but DON'T get into religion. Not that twitter is great for that anyway lol
I'm very fortunate this business has been good to us
Very dangerous out there people, be careful!
Awesome run-thru w/ for the #maxkolbtelethon at Hofstra! Thank U to the staff & crew for all their help...You guys are great!
Time trip on this. The first youtube video, a test of the system - is this thing on? - was put up 7 years ago. 7. Years. Ago.
Working out
no fair, need to FedEx a batch of em lol
I'm really bad at this whole getting to school on time thing.
That's sweet! Thank you : ) Hope to see you soon!
at the first simple things are not easy things - but when mastered they become the easiest and bring all else into focus and within reach
Hate I cry so easily...fuckin bullshit now I gotta fix this shit...wish I woulda known in the beginning
The rappin granny on AGT was the bomb
One more hour till my bbyz appear on Abdc again so happy yeah buddyy
The thought of Ryan Seacrest expanding his "hosting" empire to the Olympics makes me sad inside.
Hello India,hw are u :)
so 8 something months ago i met this girl.
LOL SO...i can always feel it o.o that sounded so wrong xD
$EFOI announced that it has been awarded a $23 million Navy supply contract to provide LED fixtures.
Getting work done these last 2 weeks!!
Big Asyulm show tonight @ Straitjacket Theater! Come watch us do horrible things to undeserving people @ 8:30!
Thanks for checking in at Wishing you a smooth flight!
Yes, thank you for the correction:)
Just Face The Fact That Im Invisable To You..Just Another Fan To Youu But The Deff Thing About Me Is I Truthfully Like You<U+2665>
#whitecrazyboysays in that case, i want a sex worker...
Tweet tweet
please follow me your my inspiration(:
Watching South Park's Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes. I am six years late on this but it rules. It totally rules.
im sure u were
And I just got a check from a recent short story sale. I think that dress might have to come live with me...
Can't wait to check out "Tha Backroom" on 106 fri. Bringin back the basement.
TONITE Fashion Show - Student Competition - Seattle, WA. 2901 1st Ave in SODO - Fabulous clothes, beautiful hair. Fashion, fun and drinks!
is great, have a good meeting
Empower your life for the #NewYear. No.2 The Right to be Treated with Respect!
let me know how you like stella and adams intense romance in my thriller - criticism is the best teacher
that really sucks, I love that place :/ hope you get feeling better soon!
Thanks bro
People who like their own status, You must love what you post huh?
Oh ok cool shit
You ain't bout that life
They damn well better give him a hit for that.
"I can’t find anyone not to love, because I can’t find anyone God doesn’t love. - James Robison" i love you all my twitter family!
Our baby bro is in da hospital. We think all our followers and supporters should pray for him. =(
We had a great night at last night! Thank you!
thanks for helping w the key chains
ThankU 4 yr constant support! I continue 2 work hard despite my twitter presence :) can't wait 2read 1st by Jamie Corrigan!
Christmas tree time! Happy December everyone!
Happy 18th birthday !!!
Can't wait for home opener tomorrow at Half & M St SE Fairgrounds! Play hooky from work & join us for a Ficelle lunch + dinner!
Awesome!! Go !! We love seeing news about our runners success. We'll see u guys next weekend at #SLAMR :)
Thanks to I'm obsessed w/ shot blockers. Never wanted a recruit at UK like I did and we got him!
aw:/ now victorious is left…I'm gonna be very upset when Victorious ends<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Black Ops 2 is on the way? I havent even had a chance to start the first Black Ops yet because watches Food Network all day
When I was in 5th grade I had a teacher go nuts when I called her Mrs. X. 20 yrs later when a students calls me Mrs. Cait, I get it.
I definitely would, those look awesome.
remember when Tyler The Creator was famous for having absolutely no talent?
Skyrim + College Finals = Barely Passing
Anyone else feel like Packers/ Panthers could be a whole lot higher scoring then the experts expect?
too bad we like you too much ;)
Anybody know any good, summer-feeling rap songs? Lemme know...
#EastSideMustHaves good fresh seafood joints
I am way too excited to use Toasta Bags and make me some grilled cheese. In the toaster.
LOL RT : What ship has never docked in Cardiff? The Premiership :-)
Junior Seau Dead #RIP respects to #SanDiego my birth city
Time to start a cool weather hand care routine - gentle cleanser, deep moisturizing hand cream, nail/cuticle conditioning!
i spelled it wrong i know! i posted it again :p
#MyThoughtsDuringSchool When is lunch?
GET READY! MEMORIAL DAY EXTRAVAGANZA (SUNDAY) @ BLEEKER STREET (MAY 27) 6311 GUILFORD AVENUE 10PM-3AM *DJ CASH ON 1s & 2s*NO WORK ON MONDAY!
Thank you for sharing, it would be useful if we can shave them and have just the top 10
I hope my babe gets out today ! /:
September? Really?
My Punishment<<<<<
Peace: Is not to live in a world with no strife. But to live amongst trouble and turmoil and still remain peaceful in your heart.
That clogging was amazing! I usually don't love the dance groups because there are so many. Loved that!
Am I the only one who eats pancakes and cookies for dinner? Lol(:
Is anyone from #nashville here at the #MarriageAmerica conference in #Orlando? Tweet me!
That was awesome.
I'm here at the hotel chilling with a friend
Listening to digitized old songs, I sometimes catch myself waiting for the vinyl to skip in the same spot. Sign I'm old
thnkyou for this AMAZING 3 years<3. It's hard to see you grow that fast, but good thing were growing together(':
Just finished reading all of the books, they were good! LOL Malcom was the man and Ky is ride or die!
you too! Have a wonderful evening in Belgium :)
Eventually two things will happen. Either tha bitch will realize you're worth it, or you'll realize shes not bruh real talk
The guy that just passed me in joann fabrics was really cute :33
A quick heads up: I'll be on an episode of National Geographic's "Taboo" on May 9th! Check your local listings for time and channel.
I'm the next chris brown + trey songz my actions speak louder than words and with your help I can be a big hit guranteed
Hey! Could we get an interview with you? ^.^
Lazy people tell me i work to hard, i tell them they aren't working hard enough.
#MUSICREVIEWS The Used - Vulnerable - Hopeless Records
Sometimes a Great Notion (1971): Despite creepy severed arm @ end Fonda & Newman soar in this blue-collar flick. Crazy log-death scene.3.8:5
Have you called your own company's automated voice system lately? Can you navigate through it easily? Is info accurate? Your customers know.
Things are good now. Fewww.
Who's a BlueMonster fan? Let us know what you think. <3
Honestly I think StepBoys is not the best crew.
For portraits, remember, keep you lighting simple. Your subject is the complex part. Excel at something today.
O what? Must try ASAP.
When was it not!
whats good with some music tonight or early mourin tomorrow foo?
No homework, and no practice today
will you please follow my friends and ! Thanks!
You might be sore tomorrow - that's why the second class is free ;) Glad you enjoyed it!
right on! Go to www.westcoastscrapple.com and we will ship to you!
if they discriminate I'll sue. they're an OC insurance company anyways. I'm sure they have money.
Thank you, dear Mish. And to you. Many blessings. I think it may already be 2012 where you live!
sure do!
nothing awkward when you're getting cheaper stuff! Thanks man! Send that our way!
Annoyed I'm watching American idol right now because of 's cryptic tweet earlier
What's with and pissing lately?
your shirts are on their way. Would love to see a pic of you and your bro sporting them when they arrive.
At my moms crib posted about to drive home in a second.
2 Chainz and Drake are the 2 best rappers in the world.
I usually drink two cups of coffee in the morning. That's my limit. I might have to make an adjustment this morning. haha
they're a James Dolan entity...so, yup.
Beautiful and moving documentary on PBS of Bill T Jones choreographing a dance about A. Lincoln (and so much more). Worth watching!
C'mon #Giants!!
So frigging excited #Eureka is back yet so sad it's the final season
RT : "i was there i saw it happen man that's what brutus said *stabstab*"
Me too! RT : I love when business meetings involve creative ladies like and happy hour
Watching 'Phantom Of The Megaplex.' great movie
Learning more about Node Manager at users group
25-year-old Portlander decides to wholeheartedly believe in Santa, again. "no one else believes him, so I'll be totally unique!"
That recent Glee episode sure bore a lot of resemblance to my first book. Let me know what you think...
Calling me ugly, fat, etc.
No hats, GIRL BYE!
"Women's rights are human rights, human rights are women's rights." - #SecClinton at Beijing Conference via
still very hot weather in OKC?
hope you feel better soon!
ik right! it's so good, takes a spot on my top 10 of all time lol
not me. only 2 eps in on Veep & it's, y'know, fine. But Girls 2 & 3 both killed me. & she's an excellent director
thank u beautiful man for following me . U from portland??
thanks 4 following me
Going to the movies with Katie, Kelsey, Gunner, And Andrew gonna see The Women In Black
Drunk eating Chicago style hot dogs and cheese fries #livingthedream <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009F>
T-Mobile weak ass can never down AT&T
Watching the #sdmayor debate, even better than listening on the radio live!
It feels so gud 2 be able 2 go cash a check I had ova a week #Blessed!
Great show last night! I really dug all that sax on sax on bone action.
thanks - sounds like a good place, back in New York now, maybe next time I will check it out!
hey did you die of clogged arteries or are you on vacation?
Wow. Phil Humber with a PERFECT GAME for the White Sox. Good stuff!
Clearly a move made out of teacher frustration. Instead of punishment, looks like time for a conversation with the students.
PEOPLE "PAST" WILL ALWAYS CATCH UP WITH THEM NO MATTER HOW HARD YOU TRY TO HIDE IT....I PROMISE YOU THAT!
Okay grizzlies... Let's do better than Sunday.
#THERockWins yes yes yes yes yes
Attending project mgt training at #uncc #centercity beautiful facility
There is your buzzer beater - Flyers over Pens at buzzer in OT.
That Usher and Rick Ross song is tough
- who has a better 2nd half season? Hillis or Mendenhall?
I couldnt make it through a day without music!
Where do u* live in chicago
why are u happy
Fantastic first & #TourDeThursdays followed by drinks and open mic on the patio
doing good, he is getting soo big :)
Oops - sorry technology, operator error. Why is there a physical switch to turn off wireless on laptop? Who would ever want to do that?
that's what he said
Baby i thought u lite up my world lyk no body else well FALSE ONE DIRECTION DOES
searching for Vintage Gucci luggage # classic
Enjoy movies buy one get ones with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
im doing cbus in KC. Only trip to LSP...
oh hahaha how many classes r u gonna have??
is the studio with
Goodmorning #littlemonsters . I hope you all are having a great memorial day weekend. Paws up!
OMGoodness I am baking one of your recipes and it smells AWESOME! Stay tuned for pics peep!
Well I think I should be nice too. How was your Santa Claus and your new year?
why do i only have one tab ? o.O i usually have like 50.....
Why couldn't I sleep today damn wait its probably cause cars are constantly driving by my house, dogs barking, sun shining. F night shift!
Just smile and everything will be okay.
aren't you an attractive young boy
It was a really down day for #Kentucky, but Vandy's zone defense was good practice for later this month!
Sounds like a plan! Hope the new biz is going well!
thanks jake!
Someone needs to send Floyd Mayweather some roses and/or hugs. The dude is a total racist retard! Why do these boxers die so lonely!
Tonight's Special: Cajun Shrimp Basket with Fries!
Hey. Thanks for mentioning me. Yes, I have a lot of fun with #supernatural characters :) Wish you a wonderful day!
i think i'm weird,like so weird. Yeap,weird. :3
The guy who waited on me at Moe's Southwest Grill called me "Buddy" twice. LOVE that! :)
Topcon announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to purchase the glaucoma-and retina-related assets of OptiMedica Corporation
No worries -- thanks for the suggestion!
Talking to on my drive home made me miss her all the more!! Can't wait to see you!!!
im so happy that im actually eating healthy
Lawd... This is a nail biter!
“ Glad I didn't have homework.”
Forgot I had a bottle of Diet Coke in my bag. Found it once I had gone through security at ATL.
Wow! I've been away from Twitter so long, I forgot what if feels like to send a tweet. Thanks for sticking by me guys.
gotta love Old Navy:)
omg yeah. I would freak.
for me it's still your old icon…
Your not hiring that guy lol!
Had a Dream last night that I met , if only it could really happen. <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
No, it means nothing
all for show, he's new money, when you have class you don't need to flaunt that
Enjoying #cowappreciationday at !
& it's already available! Get it, get it! The Waits/Wilson cover is just the first excellent thing about the edition.
oh yeah...how long you here?
hey yo bro I really busted out laughing just now bro ur funny as hell it was the first throw bro
Celibate flow, you can't Fuck with it. Brought for the spark, so the blunt, yea he lit it.
Do you have any special facial mask recipes using potatoes that you can share with us?
If Eli wants to be considered an elite quarterback, now is the time to step up and put the #Giants on his back.
Hey bro! How long are you in town for?
Thanks sir!
Why cant I update my picture , CUH! I mean I am topless and everything
that's it?
#Online , I love all my 2336 followers!
omg i had no idea! What's the topic?
dan: "I don't like potato salad much" me: "that's because your heart belongs to nazi germany" POTATO SALAD IS BIGBALLER
Inspired by of at #SM4NP. Friends with August birthday's- you may be receiving a birthday donation on your behalf.
you are welcome!
heard they hating so i did it ust too piss em off
it would seriously make my life if you followed me <3 Oh & #SaySomethin is such an amazing song ! i love you <33
The Innovation Station
BREAKING-AP: U.S. military says 5 service members accused of misconduct at same Colombia hotel as Secret Service agents.
Drug abuse is an all too often aggravating factor in protective orders and domestic violence cases. Education in the courtroom is vital.
Just ordered my NFL Sunday ticket :-)
ijustine no tweet me :(
1st Big Benefit of Mobile Mktg. - Text advertising is a virtually untouched market, with few businesses making use of the technology.
Great meeting you this weekend! Looking forward to working with you.
I have read most predictions have Amendment One passing. Gonna be an embarrassing day for our state.
Is your Cinco de Mayo feast loaded with no bueno foods? 6 Tips for a Happy, Healthy Fiesta from Zeel Expert Thanks Beth!
y r ppl so fake?
What else would you listen to other than Videotape by for #endtunes ?
That is a great way to celebrate your bday!
Nope im DIAMOND CAPRI AIYANNA ILE TURNER YOU CHEETAH CHASING PANTHER IF THEY WOULDNT ASK THEY WOULD RECONIZE!!!!!
is coming to an end...Venture out of the Gaslamp to 1927 4th Ave. (by Balboa Park). Our Happy Hour is Super Hero approved!
thanks for a delicious time last night. safe travels
spring break has officially come to an end, mission accomplished.
We love you too! :) How’s your day going? RT: Sunbelt Chocolate Chip Granola Bars >>
Homework blows. Thank goodness I only have two more weeks of it.
Please tell me someone has signed you.
Guess who was just interviewed by a reporter from the New York Times? C'est moi! The questions is: Will I make it in the article or not? :)
Soft spoken but loudly heard #makemusic #diamond team
It is an overview of our chamber for chamber members as well as those who are interested in joining the chamber
1st of all I don't remember directing that to you 2nd I get my Iphone in like a week so I'm gone be a EAGLE then.
Break legs tonight mama and show them how #THROWBLACK puts it down!!!!
so tired -______________-
Janis just awesome
welcome to the dark side haha
Watching Ice Loves Coco!
You don't have to take that from He's just jealous of your Italian adventures.
We can't complain about this snowfall. There are 2 months more of winter
If you're in town shopping on Black Friday and need a place to stay check us out online @ www.stayinportland.com.
I just talked to Henry freakin Aaron, WOW. He's scheduled to join & Kevin Kennedy on tomorrow at 11am eastern
OMG you did?? Which one! I am very very proud.
Ex 2: Extreme #Christian #evangelicals & #Islamists have a lot in common: both want their religious beliefs codified into law.
I'll get jack
Thanks Hogan, it means alot! :)
sick seats!
S/O to My Twinn !
a good first inning could drop his Era under 10000
I usually have 1 new episode each month
So sleepy
Note to the person I just unfollowed. Making rape jokes about a basketball game sucks. Rape is never an OK punchline.
Hollie is sent packin'. You agree with the decision?
And then getting caught up on the chat. psssh. Trying to log off mad quick and act like you didnt see it.
Happy Never-Ending Guilt Day!
I screwed up
not cheating just promoting. And I do like puppies... They taste delicious! Bwahahaha
My goal today: do nothing. Oops, tweeted. Missed goal for today.
If you need to access #Wikipedia today, like I do, hit Esc just before the page redirect to the blackout page. Or use Google's cache.
William R. Inge If ifs were gifts, every day would be Christmas.
special shout out &
The #Discovery fly over makes me wonder where Sput-lamp is? From the days of cataloging eBay consignments at , long ago
dang it sorry we missed y'all!
They're really cool! really rocks it in the movie!
Thats my shit too ": Watching Blue Hill Avenue >>> one of my fave movies."
Micheal's African print dresses are nice but to me as an African it went too classy too haute couture mellow .
Pies are going fast today. We're in Cully Ne 42nd ave and killingsworth.
love it! Who knew it would be interviewing a Derby winner!
It's been officially one year... And despite it all, I'm still standing...
uh, yes. Signed up for the texas event months ago. How was that ALL event?
Pacers up 20 last I checked.
r u playing some where tonight??
That really had to been one of the worst plays in basketball.
this afternoon I was to the shopping center with my father. We buy some things & eat popsicle! My of brigadier.
If you excaped what I excaped you be on your knees giving God praises too~William Malcolm
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love>3 xox Arianator forever.
Once the mountain climbers realized that they couldn't continue on with their journey, it was all downhill from there.
I need a normal sleeping schedule.
I see you kid. Stick with what you are doing. Good luck
Nicholas Sammond clarifies "Working with Non-traditional Scholars" title: resistance to "who are you?"&"what do you do?" questions
dude that frosty was mad good and quite frankly I think I got the better end of that deal haha. Glad you're enjoying it for real
#10CommandmentsOfTwitter : Thou shalt not covet thy follower's tweet
"I wanna stay up all night and jump around until we see the sun"
Fake Boyfriend lyrics: "I don't like it when you talk cause that just means you're not sucking my cock."
Phat Kat Big Band @ Magic Stick this Friday. Don't sleep.
I'm so excited about this extra hour I can't sleep! Ugh!
can u plz pray from my aunt she is in the hospital trying to fight cancer
The story in SEC-land today is that one of the league's top players somehow stayed eligible despite being illiterate.
So i have really bad anger issues and since i don't let out my anger enough i think im getting sick from all that repressed anger :/
notice more
oh that's so nice! So you're off for this week then? Christos Anesti!
Stuck at play rehearsal:P
that's cause you're 100 years old JC
Im straight up with my women . I don't play mind games if I like you then I tell you its not hard
Barely can. Not enough hours in the day. RT : Do more.”
It's a nice day for a
Then he gne crack one of his lame ass fat jokes. Lol
Mike Holmgren: give us all 8 home games in brown jerseys.
This is museum geek euphoria!
Who are you and what have you done with Bronson??
Which baby-faced Hollywood star is the next big thing in horror? announcing an awesome new program at 9am est. Stay tuned!
beliebeeerss!! FOLLOW & cause they follow everyone BACK (:
This year I wanna find what I'm looking for. It's not a boy, It's not even love. I wanna find me, and that's all I need right now... :/
you're welcome! It's well earned!
RT : Standing room only #incubator panel for
my ex boyfriend broke up with me because of that. Hahahaha.
I haven't made beats for this long in like 2 years
need to tear down barriers to #edu RT: Latinos potentially hardest hit by doubling of student loan rates
Very cool. I heart acronyms- especially for twitter :)
Checkin out with and friends for food.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-59
Could be worse. High here in Arlington was 33° with 36° predicted for tomorrow and 38° for Saturday.
I just reached 298 connections in Linkedin
Patriots have a stable of good backs...could lead the NFL in rushing as a team
well a little mystery is good for all of us.
YES! btw, i need to remember to get that microwave from you at some point. p.s. the new mattresses arrived 2day. yay!!!!
when that behind tint vol 3 droppin?
you'll have to tell me how your weekend tweeting goes!
Aw poor i don't like the dentist either .... They make my face go numb too
Only if people have something to hide... (cc: )
Admit it, You once made a little kid cry and then made them laugh so you wouldn't get in trouble.
mtn vista beat TRidge. We'll have a full roundup on the blog tonight
All Brew City out-of-state web orders which ship next week will be automatically upgraded to UPS 3-Day Select shipping!
I love LinkedIn... It's Facebook without the drama!
Good Morning Twitter Famly :)
RT : Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is.
It's a great day for the Magnet Creative Seminar in NYC! Ready, set go!
Looking for Records Coordinator in Oil/Gas Industry in Houston, TX...90K! Email me at
it's that time of the year to start thinking about holiday promos. our top 5 list that we have created for clients coming soon.
Watching #DowntonPBS. I swear to God the info music is my Pavlov's Dog bell.
Got a call from my dad as he was literally on a gondola in the Venetian Grand Canal in Italy. Technology makes jealousy much easier.
. Ive said for years: it will take a space race with China to get NASA the funding for that anytime soon, but it would be awesome!
Thanx for the headache skank at work that showered in cheap perfume, I now prefer your natural BO scent and hairy pits!!
hey lady, i just tried to comment on your blog, but it didn't show up. did it go to your spam folder?
That awkward moment when a coworker you are NOWHERE CLOSE to attracted to smells like a dreamboat.
Gov. Gregoire signs bill ending tax break for out-of-state banks.
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 16
we love your photos, keep up the amazing work!
and a 100 cals. less than the original! Lol
I did two pictures last night. It has been a while for me. Falling off the wagon big time.
RT : Sports do not matter at all. They are merely a distraction from life & when life & death intersect with sports it's jarring
Guy who stripped naked to protest TSA is John Brennan. Top White House advisor on homeland security shares the same name.
that was the best 20th adub concert i could have asked for,z thanks so much!
Some solicitor just tried to offer me 'free legal advice' mate, I'm 16 why would I want that?
im jp haha i dont have an attitude babe
I'm actually excited for school tomorrow. I miss my friiiiennndz.
should hire to speed things up.
A social sector business is a different kind of strategy, they rely entirely on earned income vs solely donations.
Take Escape Edgeston 4 a spin anytime! PRT I want a Ford Escape! Sitting in the zip, listening to Bon Iver, waiting for le MAX.
Yes, PRINCE!!!!
SERIOUSLY... AJ AS AN ANALYST
Your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are.
Yeah right, go tell Hitler...
Last first day of practice ever as a player tomorrow, brings up a lot of different emotions, but I'm ready let's do it
Yours is better! I'm sure It's all shiny and soft. My hair is just dead and fucked. LOL
Had pleasure of seeing La Traviata tonight. There was 1 black cast member with a line. The line: "la cena è pronta!"
Hope your tea was good enough to make up for it!
ya nice read!
RT: Let the journalists IN so the the truth can come OUT!!!
....if you call that living!
I know :/ *ducks head in shame*
#BackWhenIWasAKid my mom yelled down the block when it got dark to come inside from playing outside.
xoxo. Going to bed from #Vegas, Nevada Have a very good day. :) Feel 4 you.
probably like 4
Wanna quick #weightloss?No need to get a feeding tube check out for a healthy way to shed lbs and feel great.
Happy HumpDay! Half way through the week and I'm already trying to figure out what to wear Friday night..
humboldt county has really had an effect on you, huh?
Portia Sabin of Kill Rock Stars says: "Im not sure if a manager is a good thing [for a new band] or a bad thing."
Im a mile away from the exit.... And some guy had to get in accident heree fmllll......
and by the way i said it was my
I had to retweet both of those cuz it was just too awesome! hope you slept well! :) Have a great day!
do you see #Broncos cutting Goodman with the Porter signing?
Ah, the #Tonys. Much better.
Nothing can never ever compare to the feeling of losing the person you love, never
getting ready to hit the gym I think im do legs ya
when they're 2 seats down from you and the Leafs score a goal and they get right in your face and yell "Fuck yeah bitch!!!"
Hidden Pond park, great experience for kids. The staff was awesome.
oh absolutely. Not goona deny that cuz then I'd just look foolish. Gotta put Kobe right up there especially if he can get that
Thanks for the #FollowFriday mentions, ladies! :)
Haha I know I can count on your for dragtastic movie love. Julie Newmar was on a mag cover here and I was obvs gagging on it.
Good luck to you both! I'll be cheering on when you arrive back in Baltimore. Ride like the wind!
If you don't take yourself serious no one else will
Wow what an irony movie:O well I still love the movie:) <3
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are good, you will have to stuff them down people's throats.
Chocolate chip cookies from Publix are my weakness.
SMACK THE SHIT OUT YOU YOU KNOCK MY SWAG NIGGA.
Given, movement for comprehensive #electoralreform must start w/ status quo of 2 unaccountable pol. parties & consolidated corp. media (2/3)
i dont know why but im SO tired! lol
Is enjoying a great weekend in Key West, Florida!
Crocodile Dundee
How do they taste?
well I'm out
I don't know why beer companies bother with an expiration date... it's never going to make it anywhere near that.
ready to go home !
We are no longer the knights who say ni! We are now the knights who say ekki-ekki-ekki-pitang-zoom-boing! - Monty Python
Yes! RT interesting how discussion on dig narr turns 2 debate on digital vs analog. narratives are both & equally compelling
dropping out of school and becoming a lifer at ?
Happy mother's day to all the moms who have to work today like my sister.
Where is Texas in the house?!
I forgot about ENCARTA! I personally loved flipping through Brittanica even if I eventually lost the index & that complicated it all
you were at the books show? I was there!
please define "scholarly nutmeg" immediately so that I can steal the phrase
at tha jail too c my cuzO . Damn my whole fckn family locked up smh
I could use a hair repair treatment. Suggestions?
Join the music revolution!
not at all. I be hitting u up.
My Aunt just told me I got fat. Super. Happy Holiday's ya'll!! I'm still gonna eat that pie!
you know whats whack? Me posting the Glenn Beck info 10 hours before you and you claiming it's your info. Whack
The food channel has wonderful tips for fun and easy meals. FOLLOW ALONG WITH ME Giada
I think Tamar Adler's new book An Everlasting Meal is going to change my life...
Bring on Boston or ATL
I need about 1000 more followers
July's equipment orientation: Sunday at 1pm at the museum. Registration required this time; email your name and number to
I'll take just having him with me without a shirt...
Pretty good, thought about putting together a full band?
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. – Dale Carnegie
I saw a sign with an arrow that read "Free Karate".
Hi Love!!!
I will if you check out my company haha. We need more supporters over in your area!
Florida executed their game plan to near perfection and are still down 1.
Soo cute! Two Brittany's!? Can I have one? In a noncreepy way... um. moving on RT
Im not a grunge
#thingsblackfolksargueabout who money taller
Watching Colorado Rapids at New York Red Bulls with Viggle Sun | 4PM | ESPN Get real rewards just for watching TV.
When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it happened or not. ~ Mark Twain
Oops I have done nothing
An hour and a half to do one math problem it took up 2 pages too! wow Do I still want to be an engineer? Of course I do! Why, cause im crazy
Making risotto. Everybody leave me the hell alone.
Good looking out <U+263A> “: had to follow ya ”
Haha, just looked at this. Pretty funny. I'll be in my leather chair at Tobacco Road in 3.5 hours ;)
Crossing fingers for possible minivan. One that won't break down is preferred.
LesleeSoung5362, thanks for following us on Twitter!
I think they open around 11am. People will start lining up at 8am-9am.
Hey Ro! Going really well. You are so welcome back anytime you choose. I'm still pinching myself. Let's play a round soon!
oh so you just gone walk away like that?! Proves we were never in a real relationship anyway. I love you baby don't leave!
That moment when your girlfriend calls you from jail at 3:30 AM. It was good while it lasted..
i guess--it's actually amazing, but does make me feel a little shallow. oh well--onward with this great hairday! :)
Now on FoxMovie Channel. Classic horror "The Faculty". Stars Jon Stewart.
lmao this weird guy is texting me an stalking me damn ner
Looks like Vegas is trying to people to bet ND, I took both WV and Texas and Pitt which is'nt looking good right now.
Alright, settle down, Buganski! :)
Meeting w Ramsey County Sheriffs command today - a great agency, driven to provide excellent service, fairly and cost-effectively.I mean it.
congrats on the record
In SA? I'd be in trouble playing hookey from work everyday! PS I do love games as well :)
I like you
Thanks for the follow sreejithgaul200 (sreejithgaul200)! :)
Which brings us to our final question: who's winning the Super Bowl this year?
You may be my best friend but this is MY relationship and im happy. Be happy for me for once.
It's 11:11 here in Canada, and I am wishing for you, To someday meet you, somehow. <3
Thanks Mike!
are you gonna get all "Cher" on us and get it done on your butt?
you rock!!! Awesome job!
Again I am on my soapbox Northern Virginia needs to implement a 35 second shot clock!!!!!!
lol yeah . Waiver the prom date and go search free agency for a new one lol . Just playing.
best. yet.
my hair disagrees.
I'm having food at steakout, join me.
Get me the fuck outta this hell hole..
idk he's just perfect... and i was on the jumbo screen at the game #famous!
nice! Great deal too.
Do it because you want to.. Not because you have to.
MusicalStop.com Home to Independent Artists Across North America! Musicalstop.com !!!
Horse festval was fun. Cut my friends hair. Grandmas bf is staying over. Best friend and mall in the morning!
We are all in this together! Long live the "holde Kunst" ("noble art") see/hear Schubert's "An die Musik" ("In how many grey hours"...)
Save all your kisses up, bring on your sweet love, pour it all over me
Updating my resuming, never could imagine that it takes such a long time :)
#IReallyWant to follow me I'll be the happiest girl alive!
synapse lapse.
Yo im ready for this #shorts shoot tho!!! :)
Thank you. Happy to know you enjoyed it!
dude you are getting fast. That is some Boston time there.
how's your day going?(:
Raing and thunder Day
Worst morning in recent memory. Alarm never went off. Running a half hr late. It snowed. Had to ride. Lost cta card running to train. Ju ...
I bought a couple of indie press comic books today. First time in a while. Subtle but palpable joy--amazing illustrations in a thin volume.
I compose fourteen lines of ecstatic poetry for publication on Facebook and purposefully delete it for my own private amusement.
That would be great. Love #/Charleston. Haven't been in a long time.
ur more than welcome
Get it! Douglas Kearney reading at the SFMOMA.
Ha :) RT": Songs sung by and make me feel #fuzzy”
idk man, if followed me it'd make my life perff.
Haha - agreed. Make up your mind!
beautiful! glad it went well!
You're laying out on a bench? I'd just pick the bench up and take it with me
the guys at are fucking awesome
Today is National Travel Rally Day. Jump on a plane and go somewhere, the industry could use your help.
Sdlcwfioif why did you do this to me
Eh, will DET pitching be same? RT : I know there are no sure things in baseball, but the 2012 season got even less fun for sox fans
You know what sucks about your real job? Air Force One is on right now.
Ok, seriously the 2nd episode is almost done....just the credits remain! Stay tuned....
Start the day the right way: listen to It's just good stuff.
i think I'm bumpin up to 125
Judges don't like her
happy easter my love. <3 (:
Only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty. -Sicilian Proverb
Kingleeofalkenstein is not the king of pulling. He is the prince
So pretty much everyone in our band is a workin' man; where do YOU work and do you love/hate your job?!?!? We wanna get to know our fans :)
How do you convice someone they have a drinking problem and they need help?
the ultimate guitar rig of doom is coming ... Hello Sunn Model T ...
CIO of the Year Awards! Huge!
thanks bud, Hope things are picking up for you! Need to get back to planning the reunion tour, miss everyone already!
1st time ever: I was served a highly relevant ad, that I was very interested in. Clicked & engaged with for 8+ minutes. The ad was for USPS.
If it doesn't look athletic, it's not.
That is amazing. I have the end of the month as one and whenever someone notices that something is wrong as the other deadline.
"Hi, Welcome to Hollister. Here's your gas mask and your flashlight."
O. I wanna get my claws into that. I'm a big fan. "There is no why." ;)
Let us fuck!
We vote beer! RT Or beer! RT #Bmorefail = huge success! Tx 2 4 fab day learning 2 fail. NEED COFFEE NEXT TIME!
At Chris' house in Marietta with his dog Lexi. Tornado sirens going off now near his house!! We see nothing yet.
Talking on here instead of livin life...that's that shit I don't like..
Old people are so cute
I wish i had cheek dimples. But instead i have 2 on the sides of my chin
Fragmented work day with trying to chauffeur everyone everywhere. Working now (again). Really need that van back up and running.
Hey. Thanks for your interest in StonerCouture. We're launching a new line of hemp products for pets. And we're getting ready to start ...
Come in today for $2 off a pound of bulk coffee!!!! Just mention the tweet
Multitouch gestures for the iPad is very useful. I wish I could do the same on my work PC.
Tax the RICH! You can call that class warfare. I call it common sense.
OKC in 7 Who wanna bet? Nothing less than 2 racks.
Progressive cha-cha lessons at Davidsonville Studio beginning July 20. www.baltimoresalsablog.com/wednesday.html
I'm very excited about the start of the new newspaper, Look for the first issue on campus tomorrow!
clearly a crappy one.
S/O to all the beautiful women out there..
Cheers to the weekend.
Cacao is a tree, native to South America, whose seeds are the source of cocoa and chocolate.
I don't really care what other races think, and if your claiming not to be Black, I don't care what you think.
As much as I love boxing, I hate it. And as much as I hate it, I love it. Budd Schulberg
My ass is parked on the Kings bandwagon....and once the Cup Final is over...You will find my heart still in Chicago.
Got a young brown stallion and she twenty years old when she pop it from the back u see that hairy asshole.R.I.P PIMP C
We welcome Colorado Whiskey to our tour line up for the conference. See, taste and learn about this elusive whiskey.
Guess Who's Hungry...
Have fun at NY show.
That's a joke LOL xD Thanks though, Julia :3 You're so sweet :*
Trog has since made me apologize to Father O'Neal for laughing during his sermon. I couldn't help it. He did gesture so. -Clay
"That's the last time I put corn in my chili."
Props to for introducing me to the
I've walked nearly 30k steps in three days, and while it's awesome... my right hip is really starting to hate me for it. Take tomorrow easy?
get it on iTunes.
Thought title of Winterson's memoir, "Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?" was clever until I got to the part when her mom asks her this.
Today I was in met museum with grandkids J and R.
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Urth Caffe - Coffee Shop (live updates)
its fine
Grange t-shirts available at the arena starting 5:00pm Friday, April 20. Get them before we run out!
"How the h___ am I supposed to make my teammates better by PRACTICE?!" RT : "We talkin' bout practice." - Allen Iverson
Ryan Allen got fouled on that out of bounds play and of course no call
cheese is so lazy :(
Living The Fox & Hound Dream...
i luv u
thanks! That means a lot :)
Anybody know why Santa Monica Blvd. @ La Brea was closed down off with cop cars today?? Can't find anything on the news websites
we miss you too... Xoxo <3
Oh yeah :) *koolaid jammer guys voice* RT S/o to the new follower :D lol
Classic Lauren.
yea bring me a bottle from the Caymans.
Poised Creation is committed 100% to changing the world through non-profit charities!!!
lol Mel me and Bryson are gonna come down the street and knock on your door!!! ;)
It seems theres just too many let downs in the beginning, but I shall not give up!
k goodnight <U+2665>
Great mtg today, bro - very excited about where we're heading!
Quoting my wife: "Dodger Stadium is less threatening during the week."
grad student researchers need to spend less time at the bench and more time really getting into some marx
looking forward to the #dfwsem & #smcdallas event to start! Thanks & for your time and success
So i'm just going to go play the sims and continue to enjoy the magic that's happening to my brain.
you can stay as long as you want geem says
U must have THAT good SHIT ! :) lol
show starts at 8:30. Acoustic opener Dave Hamilton from 56 Hope Road.
will do!
Dear Please release your new album and make my ovaries explode. I need it...
I'm so proud of my Group 3 mentees... All are exactly where they are supposed to be.
Diana Henriques: predatory lending stories were being done by the press. Didn't ask what happened next, though.
ok i just dont need to know thanks
I tried dancing in the rain yesterday. I still didn't like it.
Working with Carithers Flowers today. Filming an employee customer contact training program.
Watching my beautiful daughter at her ballet class.
is a follow to much to ask? xx 7
“: The moment you feel like giving up is the moment you need to push the hardest.” so true.
Win = Txting jade about how hot Dalton is....when Dalton is at her house watching the txt convo. Ohyes #win lmao.
Morning glory
Everybody know the Lakers gne win the next 2 games in L.A.
Snoop & Dre...ALWAYS ON TOP! 4EVER!! All other rappers take notes!
is there still going to be VIP for the BTR tour? Really wanting to meet you (:
The inning that won't end
patrolling the waters, hide ya wife, hide ya kids
is determined to "Step Up To The Plate!" BATTER UP!!!
I <3 butter
you're blessed with unparalleled talent. Your service is commendable. Thanks for singing me through some rough times!
What does #LeBron owe #Cavs fans? WWW.USSportspages.com
Wow. Who aired that? RSN?
8, as a tribute to the golden-platinum-diamond encrusted sombrero Chris Davis wore after going 0-8 at the plate
I just replied to your email! So sorry it's giving you a hard time. Looking over what I received, it looks fine! No worries!
I feel for you #Knicks fans,
This year's band line-up: Nicole Henry & LeNard Rutledge, Christabel & the Jons and Juanita Dixon
if you know it's wrong, and you still do it, that makes you wrong. #uknowbetter than to do something you're not suppose to!
Follow Me Please? And When's Our Wedding? ;D<3
Feb 18th at the Forest Laker come join Sabastian Roberts for a day of fun winter events and stay for the country rockin sounds of SR
Noosa turkey with attitude
Slingbox never works when i need it to
Thank you the hickey law firm for your DVD set purchase here in Miami.
#show I'll contact Sandra schulberg via Linkin a former Detroit Exec. from Lehman Brothers is onboard Watts Writing work shop hum
you still got ur phone ?
Let's go #RedSox!!! After a sac fly and a balk: the 1st lead of 2012 didn't come pretty
Butterfly by Crazy Town #throwback #onrepeat #oldiebutagoodie Listening to radio brings me back to my favorites from high school
All three panelists at CIPE underline that economic reforms, even more than political, will be gauge for success of Arab Spring
Bored out of my mind.
OHMYGOSH. Cody you are going to kill me with all this waiting<3
I suppose the question "are you a scholar?" is appropriate when visiting the International Student and Scholar office.
I think they do
thanks to me =)
RT : MSL receives it's banner and award for making U.S News' top High School list this morning at 10:30 in the auditorium!
They do villain redemption arcs all the time. Loki is in the process of one in the comics right now.
No I'm not laying in the floor watching the ceiling fan because someone I care for entirely too much might have MS and called me sobbing.
I'm not going to college.
YOU ARE
wanted all my friends to know our tv show grannies on safari was nominated for two emmy's..yea a thousand times. let you know after 11/4
i didnt -.- so if im grouchy sowy i juz didnt get enough sleep
yeah you are!
I have caved.. now all i need to do is figure out this silly twitter language stuff.
following u back love
Omw 2 the canal from delgado to talk to folk for a job.
lmaoo and put your lion back in your car *African accent*
Momma just called me and said if I want johns burgers hell Yeah Friday starting off good already <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009F>
Gave up trying to cook. The fam and I are in the town feeding our faces and enjoying some laughs.
well dm me as soon at it works!
is this worse than 1993 Pens??
so close to 30,000 Followers! Let's help them get there! Tell all your Friends!
Bout to try and go to sleep go class tomorrow. Hope i don't fall asleep in that bitch.
In 1 hour -Cut Copy performs a free pop up DJ set TONIGHT at 10:30 in Chicago (Division/Ashland). First come first serve!
Just got news, receiving cases and cases of Russian River Brewing Pliny the Elder in bottles & kegs. Shot for around Noon
Woot! 20% off for teacher appreciation this weekend at at on 14th!
Spring time in sf, time to BBQ!
Okay family. Lets go.. I really need my licence.
Awesome! Then tune in next Sunday... :P
Hey Spike, do you have any restaurant recommendations in Baltimore?
Q: R there any photo stylin courses out there 4 interior designers to take? Want 2 learn about what attracts interior mags to a project.
Miss you already Mami! We'll always have elevator tap dancing. RT : JFK--->LAX For good. For now.
Happy 4th of July! Hope you are enjoying a nice day! And to our friends outside the US - have a happy day! :)
Was wrong with You?
twinkie tuesday <3
studio tip: always good to let a few days go by then listen to that recording with fresh ears..
(LIVE) "How do we find ways to express personal vulnerability?" great Q. Isn't it abt taking risks? cultural barriers?
they offered favre the head coach job and he took it....then retired 5 mins later.
Happy mothers day to all you mothers you are appreciated!
round trip Wednesday23- that Monday. 450 southwest....is that too much?
aren't they nice? I got one a couple months back.
Great waking up with all of the windows open. Is it springtime yet?
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
RT : RT : I truly believe in the music that I make and represent. I also believe this is my destiny.
RT your mix cd was the shit cnt wait till Wednesday! (<-thank you so much! wish ur cam phone was workin sat! c ya soon)
are you planning on incorporating ar into your campaigns? How are you using ar+audience participation to create experiences?
yeh. I am familiar with this song and dance
Saturday 28th January - countdown to the Proms at Newark Palace Theatre.
Toledo QB Brogan Roback threw' very well' today for #Badgers WR coach Zach Azzanni. Offer could be coming shortly, according to the 4-star
bea-stie boys
No one is going to hand you ANYTHING, except for your parents, how hard you want to work for something is completely up to you.
Wish I was outside playing
MT : Sophia Packard, co-founder of seminary for African American women which would become , b. 1824
Have A Day.
I feel like dancing!
Love your new twitcon! :)
Last day of school :D
I GOT THIS DRANK IN MY CUP<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>
That only means this process needs 2 be over. But I won't rush it a bit I want the most healthiest baby ever (: !!! Gn Tweeple
#TerrificThursday have a splendid day :)
You can live your whole life and I hope you live long. Slow and low here at Little Bar.
I cannot wait for to finish Nursing School so I can have a Sunday afternoon sun-buddy!
- Lincoln, Washington, FDR and probably Jefferson
This is baseball,
lol eff you your fat too
legedu naanee might be the coolest football name.
Anyone in #KC interested in joining our #FantasyBaseball league. Not free league and must attend draft in person. Shoot me a DM for details
Studio tomorrow !!!
Its so beautiful out.
Ok goodnight! <3 XOXO much love! Have a goodnight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Special Candlelight Meditation & Restorative Yoga class tonight at Transform NOLA, on Oak St., from 7-8:30 pm
You should start lobbying to be grand marshal of the rose parade! You've got my vote.
been home in boston!
Thanks for following, everyone - you're the best! Don't forget to sign up to get more info & a chance to win free race entry: indianamtb.com
. head locks are the new hugs. #ginger baker
Good Girl and hold on and I'll get a link to a pic
:-) RT : LOL RT : We swim because we are too SEXY for a sport that requires clothes
what about the guys?
Read the Kite Runner graphic novel. When did it become OK to take an incredibly moving book and turn it into a cartoon?
you're just jealous, bro.
if you're 18, about to get married, and have a baby on the way,
I'm tired as fuck,
I'm going to have to see it to believe it sir!
What are your top three questions for starting a business? #smallbiz #smb #small business
That move by James Harden! >>>>
who know who have an addiction to limeades when the lady at Sonic says "oh, i remember you from yesterday"
Just ordered more for a business thank-you. It's fast becoming my go-to way of saying 'thanks'!
#WeWontWorkoutIf you're jealous of everybody .
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW MY BESTFRIEND!! (:
Light bulbs can frequently burn out when a fixture cannot dissipate the heat of its bulbs.
Praise GOD from whom All Blessings Flow....
so how do I get a signed copy of said book???
Book signing for LETTERS TO YOUNG FILMMAKERS/Creativity and Getting your Films made is 7pm this Thursday Feb 2 at The Writers Store, Burbank
get them to do a promo video <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Excited for the brewing contest at Leinenkugel's beer garden at the Power Plant
: No doubt, he's talented. Just not certain that franchise has a place in 2012.
Another amazing year at the Albuquerque Film Festival. Great panels, films, and parties. I am so grateful for all the inspiration. Pics soon
Studying for chem
“: “ ": is a jerk he NEVER text me back :(" awkward”” something is not right...
Left is Right | South Korean political meeting descends into fisticuffs - CNN
RT - Tomorrow there will be no NBA or NFL in Cleveland. The Indians must have that Home Alone feeling. Throw a party & g...
Saints vs Lions and Heat game tonight. Plus live music and good times as we do it until 4am.
"She wears short shorts" No just no. School is to strict nowadays to let us wear short shorts
Twitter has decided I'm similar to Mensah Demary, no!!!!!!!!! Pleeeaaassseee no!!!!
I'm starting a hoverboarding movement for 2020.
fooling yourselves believing Weeden is the answer he will now be playing against real defenses
Im so inlove with life(:
Lake Wales, you guys rule! Thanks for making tonight awesome! Be sure to check out Beware's video when It comes out! Stay classy!
I expect a full day of ESPN using Bo's own words against him and spindoctor what he said. Put up your sheilds #Badgers fans.
Open Tuesday-Saturdy, 11-7, Closed Sundays; private parties/meeting space & catering on Mondays.
Awww whatever RT : Longest #OpeningDay game in Major League history. Happening now in Progressive Field. 16th inning.
And when someone as big as the president supports gay marriage, it's extremely important that everyone know why.
RT : Health care reform is a values statement, and it is working in Massachusetts.
how you like dem apples chick lol
Writing out parts to some new tunes again! Will play these and others at the Village Vanguard April 10 - 15!
Little O and ginger/jinjor can do the Star Trek Vulcan hand greeting like me#Livelong&prosper
We Rushers Love Our Boys is trending.
Good to connect with you - Love the MoWo!
Augmenting playlist function for something like music & audio book playlist w/ reader generated personal archives in private cloud
Was about to leave this roof party when dude brings up 4 pizzas. Great way to end
now reporting that Joe Paterno has died.RIP!!!
I'm thankful for God's breaking in my life this last season it shall produce healing in yours! #Hosea 6:1-3 (KJV)
I'm bored like 4real
He Arose! He Arose! HALELUJAH, CHRIST AROSE! Thank you, Lord Jesus!
Chuck correcting Shaq! Gotta love it. When Shaq tries to look smart, he just looks stupid.
the link doesn't work
The ladies went to a concert. And when H-Town hit the stage OMG! but When Dru-Hill Hit the stage the ladies were literally on the stage.
Need to hire Claims Adjusters? What kind? We've found them all! 513 899 9628
Georgia is on my mind. She's so fine.
WOLA participated in Bojaya comemoration in Bogta but the diplomatic corps, UN and high level officials of Santos gov did not
lmfao puss ur a ship jumper that's all I wanted u to say and u did oh and no bitch In me this way homie
how long does your season last with the playoffs? Would love to have you at the Cougar Legends event in June
what destroys a #sales rock star? one thing and one thing only: HUBRIS.
Rangers should stick with youth and forget Brad Richards.
" =] I can only imagine the pictures yall are looking at!They were definitely good times!#missyall"
More Albert Brooks' stellar performance
apparently, this is birdland
Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing.
It was
Wow now the Clippers deal fell apart too lmao..
From my (limited) research, it appears legit. I'm sending one to my son (USAF).
oh that sounds so good!
that's actually a pretty good one. there's a nationwide welder shortage! more lucrative/harder: machinists
It’s Follow Friday!
If they know what's good
dinner was fabulous! thanks for the margarita ;)
Help trend
go check it out in facebook
About to smash a WOD for the second time today. A different one, of course. Does anyone out there feel my pain?!
What is the "sparkle" weather symbol? Snow? Rain? Stars? Confetti?
good defense Memphis****
thanks Jason!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 26
Check yourself before you wreck yourself..
always looking good
Another song you don't want to hear in jail: "Because love won't let me wait" oh (in my Luther Vandross voice!)Lol!
i have so much i need to do today and all i wanna do is lay around, guess i'll do that tomorrow
let's see it!
My favorite comment about #xfest today, "You had me at Jane's Addiction."
Good things come to those who wait....
what's the score?
hit the booty do = pops "bang,bang,bang)
I know right :)! <3333 I rock at while doing my homework
Delia Bey is using My ArtNotStuff facebook application enjoy
Ayyyyyy I'm @ MVP were da hood at fuck a side 210 n forever bitch
The suns score? I knowww right!! But still #GoSuns RT : Oh, for the love of all that is good and holy! >_<
Looking for extra #savings. Use promo code #231031 to get $25 any 9 West frame purchase from now until October 31st. Some restrictions
It's morandi tonight for dinner.
honey you need all the advise you can get
2 tics available to Cowboy Mouth/Candlebox tonight in San Antonio at Backstage Live. DM me if you want them.
oh are they connected accounts
And a lot of white cotton gloves. Where the hell did all these come from? I use white cotton gloves approximately never.
Every living situation I had planned and backed up in the Portland area just went down hill.
Alas, some formerly good publishers (univ. presses) stopped copyediting books. Terrible. Look a book in the eye & ask: where is the quality?
cisco works
40th Anniversary week of "The Godfather" got to watch at least one.... AMC is showing it all week. Enjoy.
Thank YOU!
thx for following edu_marketing! This acct is curated by Digital Pulp. a leading digital agency in the .edu category.
Haha, I just pulled coworkers into my office to watch the video of the Feinger. That song was... memorable.
Picking up Mountain Biking and need help on Bike brands etc. I'm all ears...
I have arrived at #dthr - looking forward to hearing
Going to try a 3-mile walk today.
Oi Doris! Miss you guys..went home 2 MIA for a few weeks, now back to work on show! Beijos e lembrancas para todas do grupo, :D
Kinda dreading the vegetarian thing right now.... These beans are taking way too long to cook.... Starving!! smh
Having a hard time sleeping. Amped over the #TweetUpBash with
WE GOIN MASS ST.
happy b day apple head
Just had my audition for drill team!! Cross your fingers for me! Thank yall! <3
Finally getting around to watching Band of Brothers. I love Netflix.
nice! Sanchez should win
how u been and when is ur birthday ?
Third trip to the doctor this week. This time for me. Hopefully third times a charm and the rest of the fam stays healthy.
When no one believes in me I have my mother that always remind me to keep going so BLESSED <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C> on that note Gn <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
CNBC uses a muzak version of the Replacement's Alex Chilton for their bumper this AM on Squawk on the Street. Everything is mainstream...
This! RT: lunch w/featured speaker "#Education matters. A lot. Perhaps more than anything else."
So proud of my hubby! He is on the board of the San Diego Symphony and he is doing great things for the Symphony!
one friend....that's all i want, & that's all i need. i can't stand my "friends" at chap. i'm sorry....only one of em is actually real.
I had to Google those..oh my!
Twitter I need to take a shower... stop distracting me!!! >.<
name the time man...then hit up for some brews
f this place lol
just got out of work. bad idea to drink a red bull around midnight
because its a man!
no. i have never talked to you before.
Any #Phillies updates for me??
Thanks for the mention, friends! Have a wonderful week :)
Tattoos = sex
Block granting #Medicaid would strip New York nursing homes of *31 percent* of their funding! Stop ! Source: KFF
i just hate everything right now.
wait can someone explain to me whats up with and ?
Thanks! RT Oh yeah and #shoutout to my cute new follower
Anna Brickhouse on "After English" panel: "There was a longue multilingual duree BEFORE English"
"Even through the darkest days, this fire burns always." Made famous by CM Punk's old music. Things will improve in time.
thought you were comparing the success new coke had to the new iPad...that's all
they are great!!! unless you burn them
S/O to welcome to the twitter world,long time no talk how u been, n the little one??
the payday loan store is not a bank, frank
Only 4 lbs away from my goal of losing 30 lbs! Here's hoping its all in the layer of fat covering my abs...
I hope your Record Store Day release is going to be available stateside.
I'm pretty sure your weekend being ruined doesn't ruin everyone else's! You need to be.
Follow our blog and join the discussion on transnational spaces of e-learning
how u hate me because im doing what im supposed to be doing?
Ima go on my account now bye!! -MB
they will prioritize ur music mind and sustain high quality tunes for ur drums
despise Apple earphones
I'm expected to have a productive summer with a Lil fun.. with pushing #Unlevel an #TheUsociety movement.
Thanks for the #FF Lori!!!
You may be dirty, dangerous, and sometimes even devastating, but I love you New York.
And dw if I meet him I'll tell him that Amara says hi.. Or try get some sorta signature outta him, and give him a
actually never watched Angel, so Buffy is a rewatch but Angel is new for me
haha real deal right here. I'll work on some more poses <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
good... at the doctors and you?
Great program on #NPR 's #Forum today; SF history lessons ftw!
You went blonde? I HAVE to see. Plus, Uverse kicks ass.
Should be a great show. Are you going? We're really getting excited for the #helixedu launch. Packing now!
WARRIORS HAVE A SAFE AND HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!!!!!
¤ Its all right letting yourself go as long as you can let yourself back. Mick Jagger
ya its fucking horrible
I got to attend Starlight a few yrs ago when my celebrity twin(ann hathaway) hosted! Have a great time - awesome cause!!
no doubt!
All my beef come with fries and a drink
what up bro
love how versatile this dress is! And I too love wearing Tshirts with knots!:-)
way to bring that up AFTER someone else already did. Stealing jokes? Good work Carlos Mencia.
Received my income tax $$ today and pay week?! Yep, Vegas fund is looking real good about now, thank you Lord! <3 : )
Karma comes just maybe not from the person you hurt.
Happy Birthday to my lovely and super-talented dear friend xxoo D
“ “ God places people in your life for a reason, sometimes he removes them out of your life for a better reason.””
THE SEC is 1-0 in Bowl Games this year WOO PIG SOOIE!
Did I just miss something?
The blue-green color of teal is named for the Common Teal, or Eurasian Teal, a breed of duck, which is the smallest “dabbling” duck.
Last night was fun! was amazing it was great getting to play with them! And a big thank you Sean for your help last night!
Taking a tour of downtown Waukesha with for
I'll finally admit it, I miss you
So. Freaking. Tired. But so, so happy. :)
better live than dead!
Maybe brewing your own beer over here at Copper Kettle while grabbing a brew at
DeLeo recommits to remaining atop the nation in health care access/quality but says Massachusetts should also lead in "efficiency."
grading through lunch? Of course! Laker game later so this will be done...
it's beeping and flashing
So the #nuggets r comin from a 3-1 deficit as well. Now the #lakeshow r leading again.
Look for us in Fells Point on Friday night and Canton on Saturday starting at 3:30pm! You know you want a ride...
Checking out and play some lax in Madison.
yes please right now! Never got to those long islands...
Finally getting to wear shorts today to school :D
How about taking an Über to the police station early on a Saturday morning?
very very Cool show. No! Wait! It is very VegasKool.
how about you meet me in Roma?! I'm ready for the second leg of this getaway. Bring mini Oreos.
I never thought I'd say this, but more caffeine may not be the right answer...
whn i say i lo e u i mean it <3
Currently on HAL: Librarian from Egypt looking for advice on DSpace. [helpalibrarian.com]
#TheAgeofthePlatform bk by A must read in increasingly complex yet connected world, even if not "in" business +
So sleepy....
tweets are the best on twitter
Let past make u better, not bitter
im back babe
#MXpresidentialDebate Quadri: "it's impresive how the polititians keep mudslinging instead of talking about relevant proposals"
Finally got my tix to VB... Looking forward to a weekend of Beach Cruisers... Ocean... and Orange Crushes
What is conservatism? Is it not adherence to the old and tried, against the new and untried Abraham Lincoln
Thank you. Looking forward to having you in class next spring.
I took a step back ,let you go ,I told you I'm not bullet proof,now u know.-Taylor Swift<U+2764>
Contact me @ re: Financial Systems Analyst or Sr. Businness Analyst positions
Thanksgiving break!!!
that's music to my ears!
Someone hook me up with info for that secret Black Keys show
You may know more than me, but that does not mean that I do not know how to use the information I have equally well.
Happy Hour at 5! Professional Development Panel Discussion at 6:30! You'll be at both, yeah?
party this friday fayetteville, nc party next fri columbia, sc hmu 4 details
Mark Casto will be preaching at United Christian Church Cleveland TN tonight at 7pm www.uccma.net don't miss it. Ustream live
RT : RT : if u had to watch & digest maddow wouldn't u be happy
I hate tables!!!
hahaha no, I live in wrigleyville you don't have to worry much about that.
Show the audience a complete picture of what they are getting during your close.
Movie night watching 50/50. Nothing like some cancer + Seth Rogan to get you laughing and crying at the same time!
busy with reference questions this morning. Great start so far.
so we're like 2,000 in line.....
get involved in state organization
Hello followers of Classic Rewind! Have you received any invites to our Events???
Also, as much as we all like Johnny Holliday, he's a botch machine tonight.
Only a 20 minute wait to get in to Will buy a weeks supply.
I know
Then maybe Alex can chop off his tail, remember being ridiculed by his peers and and turn mean just like DeJesus.
I don't know if I can stomach the Bulls today.
What up world
Listen to right now and chill with us and :) Reminding you about events coming up and awkward news!
instincts, i hate that you're right. all the time.
Hi Thanks for the follow. I will stroll over soon from the East Village to quench my thirst!
I wish would come run with me #lazyass <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
what you up to?
thankfully that snowstorm is over!!! wow
Lol ok sound good what r we eating hahaha RT
The way Bobby V was running his mouth in spring training makes this win even better.
Your So Cute!(: You Look Like My Kitty!(:<3
I feel like kooln on Pluto w/my nigga <U+E404><U+E404>
Yeah. No disagreement there.
My 10 y/o went on a field trip today. Asked me to put music on her iPod. Right about now she's probably "Rockin' the Paradise."
Dramatically singing a song to your bestfriend. "ISNT SHE LOVEEELYYYY"
My bad, just realized he's not my first celebrity follower! He's number two! was the first! But I still have love for him!
what's the average b2b transaction size?
That's the real sad part. But I think what's even worse is some of them do know and they just don't care. :( R.I.P. Kenzie
You just made fun of someone with a walking disability. Man, you're so cool.
Sometimes! They catch em', shoot em', and sell em'. I love the show. It makes me want to go out and shoot a gator!
Sperry's are pretty great. I missed mine over the winter.
USGS in Reston Va closing its maps store Last chance 4 their stock of way cool geologic quads&oversize maps-25% off
I am who I am, and I love that about me, if you don't I really couldn't care less! Your approval, isn't needed in this situation
Super 8 is intense!!!
Coming soon from Ft. n "With You" video shoot. Just got word early June
today is going to be a long day
Happy 15th Birthday to my inspiration. I love you <3
#ShoutOutTo90sKids who use to play tetherball.
Thanks for the follow
I thought I was done with dead kittens :(
So. Where the hell was "3-3 with 3HR Adrian" in game 1? Screw you too. If I could hit you with a pitch, I would.
Try the Kindle App from Amazon. Better still buy a Kindle which you can read in bright sun, unlke the IPad.
In case you could build a business up large enough, it is respectable.
: I "LIKE" your FB page today! You are my kind of girlfriend. ENJOY!!
here and partake of the meal, and dip your morsel in the vinegar.” So she sat down beside the reapers. He handed her roasted #Torah 42/99
Annnndd I'm done for the night.
Hello March!!!!! Wow, you're already here!
Hahaha! Then definitely don't remember my Moscow HS team practicing at the Kibbie Dome in 99-00 season.
Thanks! Great to see you here. Great journalism means we never stop learning.
you guys here?
Happy birthday ;)
Mild bluegrass allergy MT Are you going to this Sat, 1-8 pm? If not, better have a good excuse.
Definitely supplementing my notes here right now.
Omg! Im so freaked out right now!
our school is stupid...and i told my mom about the threats today and she said ok!? ~Devin.Anne<3
Yakoke, , , , and especially my favorite twitter feed,--I heart y'all.--
ITS FRIDAY! What are your doing with your weekend?
I'm so happy to have this job, but I do miss going to the library and stalking you :)
Is packing her suitcase for San Fran tomorrow!! We!
“When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace." -Jimi Hendrix
Must head out for main campus - have a great Friday all
Her CLASS dwarfs Rick and the Bat~Sh-t Crazy bunch.
You can't be against marriage equality for religious beliefs and admit you yourself have not read the Bible. Disappointed, Manny Pacquiao.
At least you had the experience. It must have been a special love to hurt so bad. Hang in there.
yessir. a series of organized pitches placed in unique rhythms spewed from the devil's gut fotl style in NYC.
wtf mate-why is it that i always have the rare side effect from meds-starting to question if my parents really spaced out my vx as a child
Md vs Notre Dame for a trip to the Final Four.
Merry X-Mas to you too!
Praise him in advance!
To know that Jacobs going to finish vocals on our EP that was supposed to be finished last May is awesome news!
bun with egg rolls!
3 New Tracks Up More Comming Soon! ZoeBeats.Com Hit It Up! Leases $10 At The Momment Wont Last Long!
holy active on twitter!
RT : There are 9,500 registered this year in #Cannes2012 meaning 9% increase since last. +1900 Buyers. via
Playing airsoft with some of the guys from the student ministry tonight.
I am preparing to lead a 4 wk discussion on Humility. I need feedback on Characteristics, People, Stories and Videos on Humility.
Nailed it. :)
Just 12 days away from LIVEWIRES. Hope to see you all there.
Except that someone was 5-11 last year
Chris Bosh is one ugly mother fucker but his new baby is ADORABLE
Holy mother of baby Jeebus! I worked with PowerPoint for almost eight solid hours today. My brain is mush! Worst. Program. EVER!
is gorgeous!
I love you.
It's always nice getting dry humped by anxiety til 2:30am when your alarm is set for 4:30am. First morning show in 3 hours
My birthday too! RT: mind-blowing: Danny Hultzen and Jesus Montero the M's battery of the future were each born on Nov. 28, 1989
*recognition dawning* Oh, I know you. You're the caveman...but. You've brushed your hair. That wasn't very nice.
thinks my niece Julie sang like an angel. She likes to go against type. The other kids sang well, too
I have no idea
Wrong link
Three more days here.
Happy Mother's Day!!!
I accidentally slept 8 hours. Why do I feel awful?
Applicants for the Nov 1 2011 deadline: you should have received notice by this point. Congrats to all those approved!
HA! I just told my husband, of all the things that should hurt, MY SHOULDERS hurt the most. WTF?! Great job out there!
#WhyDoIAlways get so jealous and protective over you, when you're not even mine.
right , good to know some people understand
RT : RT : Why waste everybody's time 'racing for a cure' when is on the job?...
cause I love you. Reply me on msn
Feel like watching oooldd disney movies. Im talking before pixar.
Old Navy has fake Sorel boots. It was strange.
Amen! Love Pinterest! RT #Pinterest driving traffic for retailers/serving as a severe distraction for moi on.mash.to/yb333A
Yep, it will be free. You'll need to subscribe to the new #awesomeness channel, which will be our carrier to get notified.
Thanks for your support Connie! How's Biz going?? How can we help you?
Damn, they gun free lil boosie mayne, trill -__- after he serves his sentence that is.
“: I just want a fan right now” Meagan's Number 1!!
yes please!
new divalicious playlist in the works. This time: lots of funk and Janet Jackson. Get ready!!
Follow Back Please(:
up early workin in the lab f**k black Friday I got another plan
Happy birthday?
thanks Emma!! Miss you girlie.
The one time I'm driving around and near she not even home hahah
Get out & vote tomorrow! Be sure to listen to Casey and Jackie on your way from the polls to work on 95.3 FM at 8:10am!!
Looking forward to some of your photos from the show!
You're rocking everybody's world this year. :) HAPPY 2012 TO MAHOMIES! congrats. We love you so much! <3 <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
#Rockies take out Fowler, move Colvin to center, Pacheo at 1st. Fowler hit in face at 2nd base in Rox 4th.
I totally just got schooled by my mom in scramble with friends. I may be scarred for life.
hold on crotch mouth I'm eating dinner haha
will do
Apple needs to make longer chargers -___-
My teeth hurt stupid train tracks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
don't lie, you couldn't live without me kaitlyn
Thank you darlings!!
Student Section special on The Future of the BCS continues in the 5 PM hour with 's Gina Chappin and NIU Ath Dir Jeff Compher
Very busy day in the office today! What are you doing to unwind this weekend?
Headed to In-N-out Burger! Highlight of this work trip so far!
Whenever you're ready, we'll make the reservation for you! Let Elana know. You're the best!
Family Guy is funnier than I give it credit for.
forever jealous. Haha. I wish I didn't have to work):
great!!, I would like to know the members of Distubed, but I think I better resign hahahahaha
bring Crayons
If you do it, share how it turned out. I have one of those (great camera!) and have been thinking abt rooting it.
Monday #Marketing Tip: Have a happy customer? Don't be shy -- request a customer review online!
Tonight! Grimoon from Italy with locals Unique Massive! At The Bunkhouse 21+ 10pm $5
=) RT What do u mean pretty, pretty pretty good? Its FANTASTIC! Have been travelin. You'll see me again soon :-)
If you could have written any book, what book would you like to have written?
kendrak: Disclosure: I got horribly behind on the owls because of #sla2010 and conference crud. I'll be caught up this weekend.
#NewGirlFinale I love this show!!(:
On page 80 of "Act Like A Lady, Think Like A Man" .. the book is good, I feel like #steveharvey is making excuses for men but, good stuff!
Can you please FOLLOW ME? Big fan!!
Gorgeous night up here at the Russian River.
I think when you have a 12 hour day at work, the next day should be pajama day.
Without energy-efficient window treatments, as much as 50% of a home's heating and cooling energy can be lost through its windows.
When life pushes you to your knees, your in the perfect position to pray.
there is no way Michigan will be playing Houston in the Sugar Bowl and Wisconsin is in the Capital One Bowl.
Get your mani-pedi at Nails By Tracy for over 50% off on www.crowdclick.com!
http:// www.policemountainbiketraining.com
#istoppedbelievinginSantawhen he left me a big pile of COAL!!!
Currently lol-ing bc I just read the convo BT and her twitter crush.
RT : . Yes. Play in the Park is supervised. We have 26 locations across the City. Find them at www.okc.gov/parks
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
Just saw a huge meteor shoot across the sky. That... was... AWESOME!!
Ugh its monday btw #GM tweethearts!
watched your fb video on running, very helpful! I think it's awesome how you give back and try to lift people up!
#coffee Hello Coffee drinker(s), when was the last time your fav brand paid you for drinking or referring their coffee? Well mine does!
well this is his fan page .... :) so its kinda my job :)
Database not working...
I wish I was a part owner of the taylor franchise
You're pretty much set with what you have. Hughes', "I, Too, Sing America" is a fav. Claude McKay is one to check out, too.
Eating some legit fat pattys with
I'm all about letting those folks jump right on off.
I lasted for 3 min on FB. Pretty sure Google+ is where I am staying.
Sunday we should discuss this end of the world shit!
About to get shouty over beer tweets.
I might start crying. Aaron Rogers is my hero.
Just got snapped of by A8 off on an A K Q J board river bet...WTF? No chance of winning $150k with players like this in the field!
I love you too
GREAT OPENING I CAN'T GET THIS SMILE OF MY FACE!!!!
Good morning everyone in the twitterverse! Rise and shine w/God's blessings!
I don't need a parade... But I could go for a couple appletinis lmfao
Wooohooo! I'm so happy for you guys! Can't wait to party! Oh and #GoPackGo :)
ridin till the wheels fall off
Way to go Tex *eyes rolling*
We live in the richest country in the world w/ arguably the best & most diverse agricultural land.
time well spent with the love of ur life...priceless! gn ppl :)
Come one, come all! RT : 6pm Tomorrow @ Bucketworks - Pro Forms Presentation & Qdoba taco bar courtesy of ^JD
for what?
How doesn't a head butt warrant an in person hearing?
Hit us up bro! We have to get you your Official #BallSoHard Gear!!!
Looking forward to doing my presentation "Responsive Web Design: Philosophy, Technology, and You" at #wcmia in February!
Finished my book a few weeks ago. Release date still to come. And hopefully I'll be teaching at Howard University next year.
Working on a new song, today was by far one of the best in a long time!
Wa wa wee wa!!
Hello! Glad to meet another tshirt freak. We'll be sure to send you pics of samples of cool tshirts we make.
how amazing would it be if Action Bronson signed to Dr. Dre and Eminem
OMG! I don't know what to do with myself!!!
Haven't decided yet. But I know it'll be cute.
Really? Seems like 10
awesome interview piece!!
nice meeting you last night @ the dodgers game with !
I just wanted to thank all my new followers :-)
Or do you just enjoy Berman in the commercial? RT : I'm embarrassed to say I kind of like it too.
it pained me to see you guys out there tonight. #JETS for life.
I really dont want to go to a 3 hour class today. I'm not in the mood. -_-
Happy B-Day Saintly Wife. Regards to Nibbles too. RT Hey twitter, how about a birthday shout-out to Saintly Wife?
This is why I hate apartments. No jokes right now.
if ur caught with a tail, you will be executed on the spot
see u doing it BIG i WILL B in Da HOUSE thur-nite w/SNOOP
this post seemed inappropriate cuz i read it fast lol
Morning runs around Rock Creek Park and the DC monuments on a sunny day make me think DC is simply gorgeous
"you must give up the life you planned, in order to have the life that is waiting for you"
There are starving kids in Africa. Denny's has a "Kids Eat Free" promotion. Build a Denny's in Africa. Problem solved
I'm ready mother f--ker
follow me? please
I tell them to keep making dirting things about me it really turns me on.lol
We got one yesterday! I like it. I still have the Diane Arbus card from , btw, which reminds me of your connoisseurship.
It's Friday!
THE EROTIC CHALLENGE the Hottest Contest In .com 50k and a modeling contract at stake info
DJ comp!
I'm all about the short-term gratification, apparently. :P
I've had a stuffy nose for a week... #goawayalready! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Doing what I love.
GIRL ILL BE THINKING ABOUT YOU WORLDWIDE WORLDWIDE WORLDWIDE.
yea lock that in, fade u this weekend fasho, hope they still good some good seats! Either way still gonna b
RT Happy international women's day. Don't forget gents. It's the little things. Put the toilet seat down after you pee.
We're gonna need a bigger wagon. RT police looking for a female with mental illness possibly at the W hotel
Axford should be good for about 4 innings tomorrow.
better to forcibly export the Banner mangler to Canada!
I need to leave right now
God damn mother truckers !!! No te metas con mi cucu !!!!
Just freaking out because Alex retweeted me. :) Haha what about you???
Spring is here in Milwaukee... Brewers Opening Day game today.
#WhyILoveCanada - Open minded, tolerant people, hockey and ; ) Hahaha!
that's totally what I had!
a yoo-hoo would good rite....its been a min since I had one
At home watching
Niggas on Halo Reach that get pist for everything. (X
as long as i get paid lol
Great effort tnite by #100%elite!!!!!!!!
must just be having an off day.
RT Want to advertise your #DFW event for free. DM or Reply us with the exact details you want tweeted!
Looking forward to next saturday !
Got misled by a guy with long hair and wraparound shades. Can't trust anybody these days.
Love this Calvin and Hobbes strip on Gocomics.com. undefined
I really like exercises 19b and 27. Keep doing more!
apologize in person
So...can ANYONE tell me if the groundhog saw its shadow yesterday?!?!?!
great fight can't wait for the others tonight!!
Had a surprise self-defense class this eve with a real master ninja. Who could've easily passed for 's brother.
My personal Twitter whipping boy () is back at it, cutting flights in Milwaukee like nobody's business.
follow us! We are the only Carrie & Lauren twitter.
. look who's reading the whole thing! I will fix it -- thanks!!
Just Checked Out 's Updated Website (www.TylerPerry.com) & I Must Say I'm Impressed! Looks Fresh #Madea!!
Dates for Chicago show coming soon..Brewcity takeova!! what up chi-town!!
Me too. Go Bellevue Residents! RT : #bdaevents w/ at for
same here so what u been up too buddy
If u major in COM FILM MEDIA JOR GSLIS PR or WR you're invited to a Listening Session with Prof Hobbs TONIGHT 4pm in the Alumni Center
lol me too its fun :D
Going to baseball game and then early fireworks. Boom.
Lecrae's Church Clothes is boutta go so hard!!!
"I can tell this organization is committed to winning" -Peyton Manning
Hey wow been a very long time :-)
been there with BARNEY! Most annoying song lol
little whipped dude in a cup says"call me interesting?....interesting."
Cotto got one good punch in -__-
Right back at you guys! :)
Bah! I forgot my leftovers in your trunk. I guess Mike gets lunch tomorrow too :)
my bad what wuz u posta say?
Contact us & become part of our new Mobile App launching very soon
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.
Dont i know you ?
love #boyfriend video, cant wait for believe <3
Charles and Baltimore, which is somewhat outrageous.
About three chapters into The Hunger Games. Yeah, it's pretty good
": Focus on what's lies ahead and not what you've left behind." Preach girl...preach
May 17th Motéma Music releases: The Music of Randy Newman featuring Roseanna Vitro, Sara Caswell, Mark Soskin, Dean Johnson and Tim...
I'm right here love <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Footprints in the sand of time were not made by folks who stood still. --Unknown
We are located at 2826 Vine Street, 45219. Aka Short Vine two doors down from the firehouse. Hope you can stop by!
Sometimes I feel as if I'm the only level-headed one out of all my friends.
did you go to American Way?
Forced day off from the gym tomorrow night. Looks like a hard Friday, Saturday and Sunday are on my horizon.
You inspire many designers every season!
or is it exactly what he wanted? Quality music to the masses. Listening to Bon Iver whilst dying inside probably wasn't
Seamless simple on the spot presentations from files hosted in the cloud. RT : Interesting. Why?
looks familiar...
This week is going by so slow, lol
does anyone actually know if jelena is over because i heard like 5 different reasons why they broke up
today im so cynical (my horoscope told me so)
Hahahaha! Go #castle! You played the zombie very well, lol.
Pretty sure I get to see TWO times next month!!
Just finished the book, incredibly insightful on the inner workings of the business of Beckham, inner workings of the MLS.
Trying to create a todaysmeet.com page for group 5 - anyone have better luck?
Need a nap asap. Bout to sleep like a hungover baby.
PB definitely has some dumpster divers
tell me you were lying and your REAL favorite pizza is spicy chicken and roasted red peppers with basil
Welcome to MW, Eric. Sounds like a good morning with social media. Always time for the next (r)evolution.
Yeah, that last game shaved a few years off my life. I'll watch tonight for sure...after I tan.
we are excited to have you stay in Seattle. Nothing like hometown players!
I'm a Hobbit lover too. They're also filiming a film of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
Go Marty Brodeur F The NYR!!!
Omg, I have to stop going shopping :O #GirlObsession :)
wherever it is he should play till he wants and then he would be my head coach. I want him at jags better chance of starting
I defy you to watch that "Stronger" cancer patients video and not cry. And then feel so grateful for the health of your own children.
Congrats, guys! Can't wait to pick up some great shirts and ties on April 28.
When I make it to Hollywood, which actors do I want to work with? Well & of course, they awesome actors & pple!!
besides, in films the bad guys always use Dells.
#occupyla any news about the Japanese rail workers stopping a train for #occupyports ?
BREATHE DEEPLY
I've checked your blog out and you have a GREAT book, yourself!!
haha that sounds perfect
. will you talk abt gun violence while wooing NRA today? Tnks to yr strong record on gun control MA is safer for people & police.
GAGA u rock
(George Washington) It is much easier to avoid a disagreement than to remove discontents.
are and Lucy (your "tour wife") the same person? They sound the same and look the same in my head.
It was really my pleasure! As always, you ROCKED the house!! Well in this case, The Mile!!!
What kind of color do you want? Lighter or darker?
and stressful!
You might say, I'm a dreamer...but I'm not the only one ;)
My friends ask why I can't just walk away cause I'm addicted, to the pain, the stress, the drama, I guess I'm a mess
I'll text you.
I liked Kaplan's guide a lot. The extent of my GRE prep was reading the examples and practice tests in their book. YMMV.
De nada. Have a good one, chica!
thanks but i wont be around that wknd
you know I don't speak Spanish. In English please lol someone's frustrated though
If anyone is needing a last minute turkey day haircut, give us a call (773) 252 - 9522. Still a few appointments available!!
Folks have been talking about 's code on the comp.lang.fortran newsgroup all week.
where is this?
#fluentbus making party runs #SXSW all night including
Can you follow me? Plz. :)
The worst things in life come free to us.
I wish tomorrow could last forever
and this year we picked Nationals Park!!
Hitting up the #Alfresco webinar on integration with
I have 's TTYLXOX on repeat. It is an amazing song.
reminds me of phi sig Carolina cup :)
thanks my good man. Hope all is well with you!
"It's a beautiful day"
I'm quitting life if he's out for a significant amount of time
I am just smh to the fact that I am far mature than my parents and the fact that people think they know basketball.
catching up on dish nation,I so love this show....
We have no take backs in SBC! There's no other company giving aways houses, cars, and $300,000 cash. Lock in your position:...
If anytime in the future they develop a time machine, will anyone want to revisit these past 10 years?
I will sit and work, work, work on a scene for weeks. Then the answer comes to me when I'm doing something else.
OMG IM SO HAPPY 4 U YEAH!!!!!!!!! THANKS NICK!
Today we will be exploring what it means to turn the world upside down.
Why would you take out Tevez?!?!
If your dating a guy that has a lot going on don't wake up everyday asking him what he gotta do today #I.promise.you'll.run.him.off
This Saturday #Basia is coming to Chicago. Excited to see her live:)))
Another caution as gets loose and spins out - 69 to go-
Thor was good... Chris Hemsworth did a great job! Can't wait for The Avengers!
no problem! By the way, I'm I co own this with Kyle &
Thanks - that had me laugh out loud! In other news, it's also Brooke's 6th birthday today - big day indeed
Morning Rockstars! > In the hopes of reaching the moon men fail to see the flowers that blossom at their feet. - Albert Schweitzer
I'd be a silly ass news anchor.
The #MMOD iPhone app hasn't had a banner ad unit load on my home screen in 2 days. Revenue loss?
I think we just became best friends. :P
Obama is live on #CSPAN at Florida Atlantic University talking about the tax code.
I thought #theVoice was all about being real?
Fixing to watch the avengers. Hope its good
Yup! Which also helps keep up interest and participation in class - nobody likes to miss a joke.
I agree
Ok time to get ready for bed #TreatmentInTheAM #<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
is watching security escorting Liz Carroll's fan from the building.
watching Finding Your Roots with Henry Louis Gates. Powerful!!
looks like someone likes them young. x
Magazines really to make more articles and pictures of Like -___-
You play with fire your gonna get burnt, watch out for me...
Casey Abrams- cant believe you went home!!! Can't wait to hear your album
im so serious I think imma stay with one of my aunts like shit just went so down hill
Love is the word used to label the sexual excitement of the young, the habituation of the middle-aged, and the mutual dependence of the old
#Democrats keep complaining that the party isn't spending money to defeat #Walker... That's how a single-party system works.
Teaching my son to talk smack on Mario Kart
I love you too :D <3
I'm so jealous hahah.
I didn't get the invite!
There's only ONE place here in my entire house that I get Wi-Fi :'O *sits in this spot all day just to be on twitter*
Pretty sure made my week. What a great Monday. Oh and it wouldn't be complete without !!
Yall remember that look celie had on her face when she saw her children for the first time . . .
This Sunday I found out that good friend has diabetes. He was in great shape just three months ago.
Anagram: W.O.W!!
omg which one!
Thank you to those following along via live webcast! Keep the great feedback coming.
Playin' the geetar fiddle! Lots of new songs to perfect before we start playing again next month!
hope u didn't buy them. Hope they were left to you in a will where someone didn't like you.
Last minute bracket number crunching from yours truly: In last 5 years, total elite 8 seeds avg: (22). Final 4: (11).
U still owe me a shot for shot and something else:) dm me
Monday has started well. Welcome
Hey everyone check out all the great deals on www.todaysfavoritetoys.com, toys and games for children at any age!
Tired af. Nap time after work will definitely be happening.
I thought it was cute! ;5
Matt and Kim:
Hi ladies!
“: I'm not sure how people can like Chelsea Grin. The vocalist sounds like a pissed off pterodactyl.” >:l
"In this is love, not that we loved God, but that He loved us and sent His Son to be the propitiation for our sins." 1 John 4:10
A year ago today I graduated high school
She says, #k!
"Can Do Bad All By Myself" Your Art Work Sucks, I need someone who knows how to tag garages with raw shit SON!
Wishing you all a safe and happy New Year. May all of your resolutions be successful!
The Town Car’s future is in jeopardy after 2010
Good,good,...makin moves
Excited about the start of my Elite Hoops Training Academy at the Inspire Courts. Good avenue to teach the game & give back!
Found out someone I've never officially met said they knew me well in a conversation last week. Ha, I've made it big now right?
you are awfully quiet. Sleeping? Haha
We will be open regular hours during #USFPoly Spring Break, just so you know you can come study here at the
Rules of killing spiders: always wear your boots to do so. Even in pajamas. I DO NOT want that fool crawling up my leg.
#MyWorstFears i don't have any
Happy National Day to Prevent Teen Pregnancy. Talk to the teens in your life about why it's better to wait.
yeah these bitches gotta finish a EP!
If Jesus left all of heaven to become one of us, shouldn't we at least be willing to leave out circle of friends to reach out to someone?
Fastest High Quality Overnight Printing in NYC at NYC Printing 123. Call now for more information at 646.833.8085 or click...
These fees are hilarious! Hahahaha!!!!
": i can help you with that. i wont even make you pay <3"awh, you're such a great friend<3
oh she bad.
with or without a text on ur pic u look hot :)
lol. Really?? What's ur favorite chocolate snack?
Who is the funniest? MARTIN LAWRENCE OR EDDIE MURPHIE
Was it attack of the stache because i can't sleep right now as well lol
#mmaf2011 amazing speakers, agree on so many points on measuring #mobile in real-time
damn that's cold blooded,your just going to leave out the ugly mothers :-(
When you have problems operating technology... ask your 5 year old grandson.
Post-production is about patience... It's always a nice therapy session for me...someone who doesn't have much of it ;)
Got a PSVita. Wow.
I sort of feel like listening to "Rehab" would just be rubbing it in.
Loving my ! I love you guys ! Your music has been such an inspiration !
you must have been goin hard in there! i hope you get a ticket, can't have you missing an important game
ive got a full pack. :)
RT : BaseCamp sounds cooler. Lean-To sounds like some crappy thing in the woods // That's one way to look at it!
Banged up from kissing the floor at work Thursday but otherwise good.
in proper context Frank I said right now. Just pull up their stats
And the countdown begins!
stupid stinky poopie
Just rubbed a huge spot of hair dye into my carpet.
UPDATE: Today's Nate Silver lecture will now start at 5:30 Apologies for the change.
raffle call! Hope I win! If ya weren't here, ya missed out. If u care, Donate or !!
Try listening to The Fray and not fall asleep. Seriously. I dare you
I don't understand how dudes can get raped...
are you going to NM party on Thursday!
Very much a pleasure meeting tonight at and hearing about his strategic escapades. Quite inspiring. Thanks!
what's crackin ? havent seen u in a minute
dude you're awesome!! thanks for posting my video so people can see it!! :D
Be nice to people and they'll usually be nice to you.
LOL. Not true. I learned more from youtube than him.
#CanIBeHonestWithYou <---- b/c you sure haven't been #honest to me ...
Tell yr bros in House Approp to let vote go forward on #civilunions, that voice you're hearing is The Voice of the People
My daughter just told me this was the best Chanukkah gift ever! I rock as a parent... At least I do today
Entertaining guests this week? Members are always welcome to bring guests, and non-members may visit the first floor, including the gallery.
God wants a relationship with you.
Mayock for sure
Hyper-caffeinated and forgot to eat. Oops. *bzzzzzzt*
Some things just don't fly with me, especially insects with wings, hate those.
Love is giving someone your undivided attention.
Thins I love
hey mrs.michelle can i get a follow back
yooooooooooooo lol what's up wit ya????!???
What park is this??
tell still to stop looking at naked pictures on Facebook.. COMPLI!!!!!
Just saw a female pilot, all suited up but she had awesome bling on her black leather pilots luggage! Go girl!
Policeman shot and killed on Va. Tech campus. Gunman still at large. Campus on lockdown.
Have a great weekend!
Just got in the mail today... it's going to be a good weekend. To confirm nerdyness 2nd read is Steampunk Maker's Guide
you'll like this one: Reading Eugenides' The Marriage Plot over break and my mom thought it was a self-help book!
#lrncampphx Nov 17 Exec Learning Forum focus is talent mgt / workforce development challenges 4 Phoenix Organizations.
awww, thanks for mentioning the show :) some old masters at work coming up
So I'm trying to figure out what "purple drank" is.. No luck lol :p
So true RT : Ex'a can smell when you're happy and unavailable. They come lurking back your way.
Ha how much wood could a woodchuck chuck if the wood chuck was chuck Woodson?
SO important!! RT :DavidALee A3: Research and don't be afraid to ask recruiter good questions to help prep for next interview
A metaphor is like a simile. ~Author Unknow
lmfao i can imagine zayn a freak. the things he'll do to you would probably kill you. that or it's just so great you want to die
thank you for the Evolution of Business recommendation, I found utility in reading it. Please keep them coming...
Hi Irma.Hope your week was a good one. TGIF! GBU ALL
Nice zipper #Google!
RX2 saving another production track! What hum? What distortion? What snaps? WHAT!?
hubby i love u to pieces... where are u hiding on me too?
U R Strong, Wise, a Protector, and Wealthy!
My mom ruined such a nice day. Im not one to put my mother on blast over the internet, but take a damn chill pill.
My black clutch looks like its been through hell and back
Our production and casting team is now on twitter. Please follow for updates as we finish the last of our film!
hmm... i wonder if this is going 2 become more & more of an issue 4 charters if they grow/expand & still r 'public.' thots?
I hope she's pulling the long straw in exchange for that, then.
yeah been on instagram man way better then Facebook and tweeter
Just heard Duo Albergue plans releasing their first studio album!
Food Truck Stops: October 13
Thanks for the follow from the SJS Team!!
RT : 100 straight sellouts = best fans in baseball!! It's so much fun playing back home in SF!
You are a him . hahah
i'm disgusted by this
omg, I know. I just started yesterday and I'm almost done!
I was just thinking that...
So tired... looking forward to TAKS week boiii
Two of the most awesome librarians ever! Met Kee at SLA 2009....
MIND GAMES BRUH.....MINE/MIND #Tricky FAM
but when u r in a relationship u see happy singles lmao
I'll wait to kiss you until our wedding day;)
So it looks like George Springer has arrived!!!
its a business planning kind of wkend!
Congratulations to Russell Wilson (), the newest member of the Seattle Seahawks. Third round, 75th overall pick
Don't forget, text FacebookPJ to 90210 for your chance to win a #FREEPIZZA! Normal messaging rates apply.
thanks!! Nice meting you!
Review of Dimensions V^n Thus Far
funny you should mention that... and I were just talking about that!!! You in?
RT : Repeal & Replace Socialism with Capitalism! >>>>Thanks very much!
thank you :)
I think Flyers are waiting for them suspensions to be cleared&the BROAD STREET BULLIES play round 2 in game 5
just bought your new album "Make it Loud" awesome, high energy music, Thank you.
I would teach them How to hit. If you can swing the stick, coaches will find a spot to hide you in the field.
someone help me vote for & for the cmt awards.. it wont let me
OSU women's hockey coach, Nate Handrahan gave his presentation this morning from his iPad. Clearly a program to watch.
amen ladies! But we will be done with school soon then summer, which we ARE HANGING OUT STILL!!!
Dragon soul absorbent.
A fossil is a dead bone.
Stream that ish!
“: Wishing y'all good luck with exams this year! #eliteNaviShit” thanks b xoxoxoxox
thanks for clearing that up. Is there an ETA for when it will be fixed?
Follow me,Is Hot related to Gossip Girl online streams
#NP the zone
lol no I'm not
Follow this account :)
you beat me! But I loved it anyway!
Success is a process; whether overnight or over time. the key is #longevity #greatread #Motivated #themoreyouknow #
Your bullshit goes in one ear & out the other!
What's the problem you're having with it?
Brian Golden(Thtr 7): Bring people into ldrship positions when they are ready, not just when they think they're ready.
": Just finished playin "Hedbanz" & "Taboo" .."/bring me.my games
Going to #tasteofdowntown SD tonight. What are the must-haves?
hehe thanks, though I was referring more to the artists I work with :)
“: Thanks so much …..Looks like a good read! #FF #wine #food”Cheers & thx!!
Interview at Papa Johns :)
Thanks for the follow! What outlet are you an editor for?
Omw to the airport. Early morning flight Goodmorning and TGFAD :)
<U+2729>The optimist sees the rose and not its thorns; the pessimist stares at the thorns, oblivious to the rose<U+2729> Kahlil Gibran
who you talking to ?
Do you know an individual who has increased the understanding of the human experience through the humanities disciplines in Oklahoma?
Police are quick to arrest and taking all student threats seriously in wake of Chardon incident.
That always solves things :)
Side note: Just spent $30 on repairing my beloved fur #JeffreyCampbells, I just know it will be worth it! (cc )
Far as I can see, could try more : Are there no clients on the iPad that can do that?
son, don't try me lololol I got expensive hoes, with expensive clothes and I sip fine wines and spit vintage flows
hahaha okay.... Okay then good night. Cuz I have low battery
Saw Avengers (her idea) and made bacon wrapped chicken and various homemade sides for wife (mothers day). Huge success.
Hey made a really great Slow-cooked Broccoli and Garlic soup today You should be excited for lunch!
#StreetLife is owned by Bob & Janice McNair, who will be going for their 3rd victory in the Wood Memorial, having won in 2001 & 2006
Seriously, see The Avengers as soon as you can. The bar has been raised to astronomical heights.
Haven't tweeted in forever!
Seriously, Frenchy was great but Phil Hartman would have killed in The Artist.
Photoshop CS6 offers the possibility of making lens correction for video no different from correcting a single still image...
Its a GTH.. kinda day... Gym. Tan. Hair! Oh, and I will work in between :P
What doesn't kill you might come back to finish the job off so keep your wits about you
Design Tip: Use similar colors to create a feeling of calmness. - Blues, greens, purples.
some of the people at this station have a no lives and a lot of money
It's true, you could do worse. But how did that library get in there?!?! ;)
as radio ppl we should have saw that trick coming...had me too
MY LOVE MY HEART IS BREATHING FOR THIS, MOMENT IN TIME I'LL FIND THE WORDS TO SAY... BEFORE YOU LEAVE ME TODAY!
What is your #Halloween costume going to be this year!?
So many turnovers tonight ...
With Valentine's Day still fresh in our minds, we'd like to know what you LOVE most about your Library?
next time i find a bag of mold in it someone will be losing their breadbox privileges (hint: starts with "s" and rhymes with "weenie")...
2000 campaign Bush said US power calls for humble foreign policy. Enter Cheney, Wolfowitz neocons: "humility be damned."
Rounding up volunteers to record #aaasci session, incl. and others.
Watching #educationnation. You should if you are an educator.
thank you so much Tim!! that means a lot! :)
G-Dub is heading to the baseball state championship game! BOOM!
I am so jealous of those who already have the #LetsBeAnimals CD. Oh well, I guess I'll just have to wait. But is worth it!
yea... I hope they win but then I hope they don't
does anyone know of a journal where the pedagogial issues are taught?
Midlakes Basketball: Modified tryouts start tomorrow...incredibly difficult to make cuts when the kids are this young.
Just watched a couple of new videos by Damn homie you went hard!
Oomf gone die cause of that lying watch
34. Still in love with the world.
I will say that Drake is definitely getting me going through this last week of classes.
Thank you both! Very excited! Just did a lil prep by surfing up in Wisconsin yesterday :)
Early this year, #kiddori was also ported to #WindowsPhone. It's an awesome app on
Nice ass day. Getting off work early and going cliff jumping with some friends
Watching French movies and planning my return to Paris. Paris, je t'aime!!!
Same here, if my hammy and shoulder agree with that… :)
With the birthday boy Jorge Necuze, happy birthday babe (:
I'm looking at the individual nodes' weighted degrees and centrality, to analyze with other data for my PhD dissertation
Paul Yeezy Winnre #3... What is your Shirt Size?
Life Is Short........So SMILE While You Still Have Teeth
watching "Friends" and relaxing before our show :)
89K to end the day. Very happy with how I played at a tougher than I was hoping/expecting table.
Thanks for sharing your faves - love the classic BM but meats & cheeses are always a great addition!
what question????
Lying by the pool with a drink in my hand.
I went today actually. Didn't actually find anything
I love him. I could see actually paying to see him. Great, unique voice.
90s R&B Music<U+2764>
Another good guess...it's actually significantly more than $500M! RT : #CompCloud 575,000,000 would be my guess
What's some good breakfast spots in jax tho? i been in need for some fye breakfast since i been back since i have nobody to cook 4me :(
Google's attempt to create more white space for apps like Reader, Gmail, etc seems misguided, with many useful features hidden. Argh!
Thanks for the #FF shout-out!
Not a nets fan.. but I will need a bk nets snapback.
Fav album by the Creepiest Creeper in Music, Mr. David Bowie
apparently you two are part of Nevada's History according to historyNevada's twitter.. lol HAppy happy! :)
Thanks for the follow !
i'm finna tell you to shut up. finna finna finnaa. you should've said it in English, fucker.
Be the type of person you want to meet.
Had ah long walk
Great day. Bears scoop a very necessary stud WR, a very playable backup qb and save 55.55 million in not overpaying Vincent Jackson
I hope follows me! Thanks for keeping my hopes up haha :)
The Alex Kollin situation
you should stop bein ghost ya feel me..
Good #OpeningDay! Can't wait to go tomorrow's game! Early to bed... Gotta get up early in the morning. Night, night #Ranger fans!
So, it's been another Kevin Garnett game. Keeping the #Celtics in this.
I'm enjoying the relaxing day off so I feel lucky!! Thnx! You been working hard?
Several reads, darling.
That is one of the most ridiculous things I have ever seen. And maybe the cutest.
R.I.P Levon Helm. You were an inspiration to us all!
they've got 1-hit wonders written all over 'em :)
More than one of every ten Americans, suffers from chronic, disabling conditions that cause major limitations and decreased quality of life.
that awkward moment when you get caught laughing at tumblr at work...
Two auditions tomorrow - feel like some of these should come through soon!
Thanks to & for putting on the Common Core Symposium. Dr. Sheridan Blau from gave a great talk on literacy.
Hustle or get Hustled, good morning, do your thing!
I need a doctor, call me a doctor
i can never sleep late.
A B C D E F G Gummi bears are chasin me 1 is red 1 is blue 1just stole my favorite shoe i am runnin for my life cause the red 1 has a knife
Wow...I just realized that I have 4 appointments with casting directors in the month of May already! Yay! It's gonna be busy...but great!
See you there!
All in bed and asleep by 10:30. Slept straight through! Morning bottle then extra cuddle time with my sweet baby before work
thank you and for the record I am KY fan that has a subpar spin! Lol
ok ppls i am bac my laptop broke but my dad gave me his computer so i am bac in business so wat up Mindless PPl!!=)
VirtuallyMeg: Librarians, its time to follow... RT : has 24 followers. It's 2:53 p.m.
Tips for Healthy Hair and Hair Dandruff Care
Just found a cupcake in my jacket pocket that im pretty sure my little sister left there for me.
Have a nice weekend
Middle finger on the trigger
Dad: Happy Birthday and rest in peace. You said I was man of the house when you were gone- I didn't know it was a curse. Love you still.
It's hard to look right, at ya baby, but here's my number, so, call me, maybe. I believe we need to request this tonight.
Happy Birthday, !!
they really are the best dogs, funny about the parrot, the cat is currently none too pleased with the newest addition.
dad said youre one sick perra lol did you teach him this?
You can't tell, but I just made a six-figures' worth of gorgeous Polyvore set. I BLAME TUMBLR
The new year brings new projects: I've been meaning to join Twitter for a while, so here I am. Huzzah!
Bart Simpson said it best to Lisa when she was president... "Legalize it" #cnbcdebate... 40 million people can't be that wrong
the click here link isn't working on the web site for the live timing and scoring, any suggestions?
Huge Mountaineer road win vs S. Fla --who had only lost one at home all year. Peaking now with Big East tourney & NCAA on horizon.
Texas is much better!! Than the halo's
You were the best that I left last year ...))))
Ok no car for the next 2 weeks and I need to start a new rotation...SO who lives in Sherman Oaks and is a hot guy w a car?
I'm not that kinda bitch.
you have the best luck ever,
Aren't you supposed to be an adult?
I got the new nano in pink :) But... I'm considering trading it in for a touch.
So apparently imma b the death of the Air Force lol..my supervisor said it only takes one man...but why me!
Thanks! RT Follow Friday! Support local wines.
"Catch the Fever"... Support IR and the Fever Aug 13. Portion of ticket sames benefit Indy Reads! Tipoff at 7 p.m. See you there!
About to see Don Rickles, 2nd row, and we're definitely the youngest people in here by 50 years, shame on you young folk
boy am I feeling lazy
Streaming live now at homelesscoach.org! Coaching Lawrence the homeless artist.
Can the power of the cloud help improve global education? Thanks for the product donation.
I wish I could Ted and I are at the game can't change channel
Some streets near West Allis city hall are already closed for Neo-Nazi event.
also there are payphones
You need to know yo stroke number . You need to know yo fuck number . Katt Williams >>
Hey! Thank you for the follow :) Come to Boise and chill with all of us! We'd love to have you in Idaho! <3
Starting Friday, we'll be selling amazing organic coffee from to pair up with our breakfast tacos. What a delicious pair!
Just helping people throughout the San Diego area with their home improvement projects! You?
follow us for updates ~!
Its hilarious when iron man impersonates Thor xD
The Craigs List email confirmation waiting game is the worst, you guys.
That BC goal by Johnny Gaudreau was Evgeni Malkin-like. Weaved his way through two turnstile defensemen. Clincher?
Oh, I know. You folks across the pond have issues with singular and plural nouns. We just smile politely! =)
Had 2 hop on dis page cuz I need a lot of people to read these next tweets........
I feel like this relationship is going down hill ever since that dumb shit happened :/
Kristina is smokin!!! Just got back from there. She was a manager today!!! Ha!
Deleting G+ is easy, but Gmail, Youtube, Google Calendar, Google Docs, and the search engine? RT How many deleted G+ this weekend?
#Abbas Happy #Nakba64 really hope you do much better job for
#FELLAS: Cheating on a "good woman" is like throwing away a DIAMOND and picking up a ROCK...
ahaha yes! we'll be free!
you look lovely in shocked!
Ah, Razorianfly.com was just blocked at my school! What am I to do?!?!
It's feels awesome outside...I'm going to be out here for a minute
The quick mocking bird Snapped up a bug on the fly, Smugly satisfied.
We gone be on t.v tomorrow poppin we about to have fun
Dying a part of my hair red;)
5 #auditions in a week.....ok LETS DO ThiS!!!!
Questionable imagery
Some Guys Realize it
bahahah well played ms. cunningham, well played
Going to the #Unity rally tomorrow? Prepare to get creative! Unity mural all the way around the square, with chalk paint! RT!
Interesting that on our 4 year wedding anniversary, my husband finally decides to follow me on Twitter. Thanks love!
So now that Facebook bought Instagram, are all uploaded photos going to auto-filter via the Polaroid-In-A-Puddle effect?
Brooklyn schoolkids all sporting little straw fedoras (from street vendors ) this Spring...
story of my life....
Hard to believe it's #superbowl Sunday. I'm looking forward to the snacks, commercials and half time show. Oh yeah, and the game too. LOL
I heard about that. Don't know how true, but I've definitely heard that.
thats y we have it
Unbelievably made it to the airport with plenty of time to spare!
Something wrong with malik
request one from !!
I be watching that show psych that shit funny as hell.
I usually tip $1 or $2 - no more than that for a to-go order.
Very good question--definitely why I ended my "declarative" with a question mark! Lemme follow up...
ps, you have 38k followers, what?
#HillerHelps - Pre-Nuptial Agreements can cause lingering resentment by one fiance if approached poorly.
I'm effin hungry
Following us b/c you're interested in ?DM us + find out how to bring her to your #campus #university to
that's awesome! congrats!
Star Camp will be in your city soon promoting "Getting Em" be on the look out
OMG YES!<3
Erik Von Detten was Sid in Toy Story? Mind blown.
Working on Drupal guide for whoever will be administrator of this website after me.
Welcome to Moes. Don't really know what to say back. Hi? Okay? Thanks?
- oh yeah
Thanks to Homestead Farms in Poolesville, Maryland for donating more than 200 pounds of apples and broccoli for our guests!
In Blake Griffin's new Kia commercial, the car drives itself off a bridge.
T Plush dropping the F bombs like a mofo
as a fan of the comix, I thought Whedon did a commendable job of both balancing and giving each character their moment to shine
LOVE is to powerfull
Yeah.But there also always true friends n ppl da like u n would stand by u in da bad n good time.yes #leaveurliveBigTime?
All these pathogens and cancer causing meats/processed foods......one day I will be a vegetarian.
I imagine hurricane Irene being a fat lady with really bad cankles, and varicose veins charging towards me in a moo-moo.
remember back when i liked epitaph records and was really attracted to men in punk instead of loathing these things what was wrong with me
My dad was asking me what I thought about employers asking for FB passwords. I struggled with explaining how I didn't believe it was real.
But let's be really- he had to do that because his last one was so wack
Get on my level
Um, well I guess I know why now.
Its strange how things change, and the one person you're close to seems like the person you now know the least.
Swear every nigga think he can rap these days. Shouts to those who are actually creative and actually make songs of quality. #TeamDazzy!
first day of TOPS soccer volunteering! :D #oneofmyfavoritethings #yay!
Big congrats to 1st place and 3rd place in the #SDBrewAwards. Wish we could be there!
I have a DVD of The King's Speech you can borrow.
Wait.... is britney gonna be an xfactor judge or not?
"You are selling yourself short!" Preach it, Peggy's Mom!
Seriously want to live the Will & Grace lifestyle.
Nice to see you too! And nice to meet and
Just tool part in private Apple presentation with marketing director. Que genial!
Unbeaten halves streak snapped at 14... #SportingKC trails 1-0 on Myers own goal
wassup, what school do u go to? (:
The Joe Sample Trio and Randy Crawford's "Street Life" is a swinging, hip shaking track. What a way to start your morning and get you going.
Tonight wraps up week 2 of "Wolf". In other words, it's a cheap way to BYOB and get out of the rain for 2 hours. 7:30pm at The Think Tank.
the patriots!
Thanks, Audie--we think it's pretty good too.
How can you judge a person when you don't even know them?
Im hungry
And anotha one...
Thanks for following! love, yoko IMAGINE PEACE: Think PEACE, Act PEACE, Spread PEACE IMAGINEPEACE.com Direct message sent by Yoko Ono
Omg chuck come on are you kidding me
S/O to being the first to spin new single Val Venis on
I need a manager.
"I wanted a field…which actually spoke to possibility rather than impossibility--and I found it in art." -Charles Esche
too bad there's no extra points for having a creative bracket name. Mine is Kelvin Sampson's cell phone
I'm not so sure about that. But fun to hear just the same. :)
He actually doesn't "hate" anything according to the Bible.
omg, pop-up video is coming back. aaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwww yeeeeeaaaaaaaaaahhhhh!!!!!
Dani and Megan made me lose my appetite.
A little sore from a weekend of hostile environment training -- but now I know how to escape artillery fire and navigate checkpoints...
are you treating both things?? I'm good! Just sore from my workouts!
great show man!
Never had that fruit before! Common in CA?
LMFAO ik it's funny when girls think they actually have a chance..let's get real here
hey man this coach took me out to eat for lunch and the place was called "The Bear" hahaha
Lol, do you really want to criticize the *shameful acts* of campaign workers? Think abt it.
well that call to the #irs was a brief one hour forty-one minutes. only about 90% of the time spent on hold.
You think your awesome? Well without the me in awesome your just aweso
OBL was watching Jersey Shore and fist pumping like a champ when the SEALs broke in?
Thought our cracked, buckled sidewalks were a problem and then I tried to push a stroller down them. Need off-road wheels.
Follow back we have the roar acct
The music is getting better and better at the Muse Awards!
homemade meatballs for supper. not like my grandma's though. She took that recipe to the grace and I will forever be mad at her.
you're welcome and okay thanks =)
Did the information about the NY meet and greet go up yet? (: I'd also love a follow from the one and only Mama Mahone <3
Actually was fairly painless once inside the About 15 mins. The line outside was brutal though...now back to work!
Where is the words and music festival located?
Good Morning and happy new year. did you get your #pUSH book?
Thanks for the RT, Sheila!
Very pretty!
I think the Purple Faithful would give Spielman an A of this was the result RT : Kalil/Jeffery
Yep, got blasted during flag football and used my arm to brace my fall. It's also my throwing arm, so it's probably sore.
IF she got nun but upper shoulders pics .. she fatter than a motherfucka lol!!!
I have the squeegee bottle one. I think it does help. Course I always put salt in it for amoeba murder.
#I'm dead tired. off to rehearsal now. Check out new photos and credits: www.imdb.me/alexmontaldo
Thanks for sharing it, Elan! ^ac
We have a few used die cutters, blankers, and foil stampers available. Email me if you're in the market .
RT Myspace.com/hazakimcamp for more info.
In 1980, a Las Vegas hospital suspended workers for betting on when patients would die.
Its 's birthday and he is mowing. What is this.
I just finished a 1.00 mi run with a time of 16:01 with Nike+ GPS.
what do you propose? videotaping yourself feeling "bloated"?
You know Jeremy Lin has made it because he has his own sports science
Lye: Reclaiming Woman Warrior, eg, as political rather than liberal practice:Fa Mulan as red guard. I Hotel shout out.
This Saturday night get your laugh on with us at The Box! 10:30pm! $6 and there will be Tractor beer sold!
I love playing with Siri.
Love you all and the show.
on twitter , twitter is my life lol
So people need to HMU(:
Super challenging class tonight with Goldie, but we loved every minute of it!
I got troubled thoughts & a self esteem to match
- Howdy stranger! How's life?
check out this site for a new ipad 2 free, no joke no bullshit, its real www.yourmotivated.com very cool site
same loll
Trying to control the chaos... Aka "cleaning my room"
Amazon has more than 64000 books on weight loss and diets. With all that information out there it's no wonder people are confused.
Check your dm. Gave me a weird error and can't tell if it went through.
Stoked that I'm able to see the Beastie Boys inducted into the RnR Hall of Fame, on tv right now.
ATTN students! If you're studying in CBC, pass by the lobby for free snacks and drinks to keep you energized! Good luck on those finals!
Keep it proper
happy mothers day! Even though you aren't my mother I'm pretty sure that your an amazing mother!!
Love just doesn't exist okay? Hahah
teens: did you ever go to a MLB game?
tea time !
Austin Taylor is cool she did a show with us in Detroit a couple different occasions...
Oh man, this game is brutal.
Lunch time Tip Your stomach doesnt have teeth. Slow down, take your time, chew your food & enjoy it! (psst-will keep you fuller longer too)
Come to ! I'll make you some delicious coffee and you can listen to jazz. What better to do on a rainy day?
If the ELA interchange shuits down for a weekend will there be $4 flights to-from El Mercado to La Mirada swap meet?
Yes the truck is still at Bedford n7th!
The Spurs beat the Blazers 124-89 and clinched the No. 1 seed in the West. tim Duncan and Danny Green had 18 points and Tony Parker had 13.
agreed! Airtran owes me 10 hours in Vegas!
What plugins do you fellow producers use on your master channel??
Your not going to like everyone you see or hear! But they all could use some respect! <3 its okay to forgive people :)
First slush of the year! Summer is coming!!
assuming you mean D&P... & yup! but we r d&pdc. Met a few of them, know some of PWs they've produced. u a PW? director? in the biz?
I was on $10,000 Pyramid with Dick Clark in 1977. True gentleman. RIP. :(
I HATE BEING STARED AT! thats my problem. I don't like knowing people are looking at me.
that's right! Hope you had a good 28th bday as well.
#its2012whyyoustill wearing socks with sandals?!
Thank You 2 our Sponsors for 's #InTheArtOfTheCity Event
hah no shit. Where you at my boy?
I was actually hoping that once the Ferrari dealership started following you, you'd start tweeting about high-end sports cars.
so what your saying is its like a Kardashian sister?
i'm gonna sleep forever ugh
Awesome! RT It's 11PM and is baking brownies for the person who logged the most bugs
Hello Date.
wait when ray and his friend came over
okay , I will!
I'm glad my boyfriend called me out of no where. seriously, it made my night.
I'm not the only one watching Monsters Inc right? I love this movie
Prescription Assistance Program now available with no income guidelines, available at www.rx2you.com
cool bro
Earth Day today and "4/20" tomorrow.. Coincidence?
Happy Monday. If you missed the ADDY Awards show on Saturday, and are wondering who the winners were, go to www.aaf-sanantonio.org/ADDYs
What apartment do you have?
64% of Americans canceled vacations last year, 1/3rd did it for work-related reasons even though most felt in need of a vacation
3rd down play calls are suspect.
I tell way to much!
mass exit from the $FBCD ihub board.... mod is shady.
nothing says efficient like announcing after FED RT : After Fed investigation, FL announces own investigation w Trayvon killing
ill buy drinks and dinner. I'm a huge fan.
Damn play smart & keep your head up
ima g u cnt tell me wat to do i tell u
Just watched last nights #BoardwalkEmpire. DAMN! While I love Jimmy, it would have been like Christopher running The Sopranos. Bad idea!
Screw them storage ppl! They suk! Lol!
BRB while i head down to the bathroom..
Yah ahahahha-- I just think its funny!!! bahahh he is clueless
Congrats to for winning the Alumni Association Award at convocation tonight!
Glad I just made that decision
Ok. I am following already. There.
yes I was in the loose as a goose video like <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
I have successfully customized my sweatshirt to take the place of pants. It's pretty legit.
(Art Linkletter) Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Oh my god this picture I just found. LMFAOOO CRIES
my main people don't want to take shots with me
i feel good.
I'll take a man, a band, and his piano over an S&M exorcism any day
All of the manly rugged smell without breaking a single manicured nail.
How is going? Did not hear back from you last night.
He is still Raw right now with The Timberwolves but he should be good though
How.do u get rid of a migrane...cause 2 aspirin arent doing it.
the fair starts this week!!! love the arizona state fair !!! :-)
hey how are u doing
I THINK YOU GOT THE WRONG PARTY BUDDY! RT : I'm gonna break your fuckin' legs!
20 min. #powernap after #nicar12 - best thing ever. Ready for some adventures St. Louis, MO - show me!
Law describes the way things would work if men were angels
Join us for the Women's Faculty Council CME event today at noon and MCW Faculty Council Meeting this afternoon at 4 pm both events in H1210.
Good Morning Everyone. I am on my 2nd cup of coffee. haha.
that's tight. I like boat shoes over sandals right now though. Well be stylin in the MIA regardless
VST Instrument getting closer... Final touches on Sound Dev tools this week.
Love you too gurl.
What other sport do you get to watch the "F'in A-holes" play "Balls to the Face"?! .. Wait, don't answer that.
I've seen girls grow from the tender age of 19 to the young adult age of 22 becoming models, escorts, groupies, and baby mamas..
HIM: I really like u, do u like me? :) HER: No... HIM: :( HER: You never asked me if I loved u. HIM: Aww, Well do u love me? :) HER: No..
I wish I was! I've used up my conference/travel $$ for this year. I'll tweet it anyway though, don't worry.
Loving the crowd at the Liberty Hotel tonight, as usual.
well guess what ill still love u no matter what u do
Working on my ninja video editing skillz... Episode 2 is soon to come....
Will I miss writing these English papers one day?
This process allows EVERYONE to equally participate and reflect
Service was awesome! Love your approach to hard issues.
You're welcome! (:
iPhoneography is a new genre of photography sez
do you know where this speech was given?
Yeah, the condom failed.
Ugh , Really ?
Oh, is it any good? or like the same thing?
#milwaukee The Milwaukee Home improvement show at the State Fair Grounds is Feb 9th-12th!We will be there. Tweet us for tix
RT Happy birthday --thanks twin!!!
why are we doing ?
D: have you met montana ?
You seem to be arguing that 'critique' has to actually be biting, or angry or something to be recognized?
I use to wake up to the idea of marrage... Now idk
Ugh Courtney is the worst
yeah me too i need to send my money in
Turiaf is balling doe
haha I was on a rampage just sitting at school watching people
in december drinking horchata
Rain stopped, southern Adirondacks. Noise of wind in trees impressive. No power, whole town, night falling. Generator at bar? Irish coffee!
The only reason why people hold onto memories, is cause memories are the only things that don`t change when everything else does.
thoughts on Cordy Glenn?
Miss NY would be lucky to get a gig on a Disney Cruise!
Graduation tomorrow might be a pretty emotional day
RT : @ mcfaddens and real worl dc cast is here mike is cool
What to do today
Ugh I was creeped out..!!
why did I add that other quote mark
that's mean :(
Love doesn’t make the world go round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile. - Elizabeth Browning
why does my app keep saying "google mobile app" can't connect?
Thanks Dawn! :)
He's my goofy goober <3
Just be happy you actually get a return. I have a stack of $1 "return" checks in my desk dating back to 2004 or later.
I am about to start making phone calls. I prefer emailing to calling, but since I am helping out the contract office she prefers me to call.
Quarterbacks throw to who they're most comfortable and confident in.
Woo hoo!!RT : We will be there. Will you? RT : Only 3 months until BBQ Fest!!!!!!!
got a phone, Any numbers?
LOL! Wow, you don't get it do you? We are disdainful of ALA, not librarians or library people. ALA is bloated & outdated.
Good times, new song is dope as shit! kickin' it back with my dog
I wanna do it with paintt lol
what it is than QR Codes can take them right to the source of the information. But most people know how to find listing deets.
Argh! Anybody know that video clip where it shows how in music performance a 90% isn't good enough? It's a band and they make 1 mistake...
#10ThingsIWantToHappen for people to support their own ship and not insult others.. owait.. of course that won't ever happen.
Who is watching Heartless Bastards perform at High Noon Saloon tonight? Starts at 9:30 p.m. with Hacienda & Little Legend.
Off to bed night every one
RT : Need to submit an event to NorthernTourism.com? Send event info to
the douche one is my fAv!
We could make a very long list indeed!
That printer looks like it could grow legs and move itself, it looks like a robot.
thanks hun! Not exactly catching up on sleep yet cuz I've got so much work to do by tmr AM! Do u have whatsapp? I'll fb msg u my #
#nowplaying Chucho Valdes, Chucho's Steps from last year. Nice album, but I could do without the white bread/softy version of Birdland.
ok but I hope WHEN you DO look you find someone worth it
Thanks for the love :)
Keep your calendars open for April 7. inherit Baton Rouge will be hosting a huge kick-off event that night. Details to come soon.
Chi. NetMarketing panel insights were interesting to learn. Great to hear marketers' high regard of agency partners.
thats enough to make every Haitian family rich
“: Someone please convince me that the Browns are trading back up into 2nd round.” I don't think they need to. WRs falling.
Can you forward it my email? I forgot to give you my email address.
Getting ready to teach Acting at NYFA in L.A. for tweens and teens. Cool programs on the back lot of Universal.
Goodnight beautiful angels <33
Should your dog control you on the walk he<U+FFFD>s the one in charge
I've been watching you're channel and you're an absolutely amazing dancer! Please give me some lessons :p
Aw!!! You definitely got yourself a good one! <3
Like us on Facebook!
Firehook Bakery uses only organic white flour, wheat germ, wheat bran, sea salt & water to make a great loaf w/a slight tang.
God please help me! I don't wanna be depressed :(
yeah city skewls kinda suck
we love your cat too lol :P
The bible is dependable; it’s reliable, and therefore it is trustworthy. Open it! IT IS USEFUL!
Most definitely. Please stay tuned for my music as well!:) Much love!<3
thanks for RT Good to know there are folks that have working brains
WHATZ UP LYNCH
Explain to me why when some one is married [Chris &] their "fans" think that they should be w/ someone else? [Chillary]
Im having a bad day now forreal
#manimal has double-doubles for breakfast
#WPA11 Carolyn Calhoon-Dillahunt: CC are getting squeezed by state budgets; forced to cut classes while enrollments are increasing.
#UMWleads is doing it's own #NCSL #21daychallenge-starting today.
It has as many dimensions as there are ways of thinking. The lesson: an unbending tree will break. The world is NOT black/white.
Decent chance to 'see' snow, at least! RT : You don't foresee any Snow coming to Cornelius arnd do you? :o/ Sigh...
The Heat won
If you're a filmmaker at #SXSW, dm me -- I'll interview you for our blog and we can chat about creating episodic branded entertainment.
A man standing by the Wendy's drive-thru just asked me if I had change and I said "No". Yeah, I was lying and he could tell
North Park pool? South Park Wave Pool?
I wish he didnt hate me.
I just complimented my friend and she threatened to throw a desk at me....oh?
Imma let u in on a "black"thing when White people who claim not to be racist say nigga when they mad are
Thanks, Tracy! Happy weekend, y'all.
#romney is playing into #obama's hand, distracting him from the big issues: the
Yeah. He's much more suave than I am.
I want to hear more abt science on a sphere exhibit design. What would vis arts do w/ it?
Thanks :) I'm trying lol.
true! I understand!
Or a tv show
You continue to make our point for legislation. Have you proposed any legislation? Has Rand Paul proposed any?
Oh bummer. I'm starting to shop for one.
If you don't love yourself just as you are - perceived faults & all - no one else will.
Rain rain go away come again another day okay?
I checked out your work! Beautiful! You are gifted and you capture special moments magically. Nice work!
I bet bob costas broadcasts solo because all the other #nbc staff hates him.
My Tummy Hurts... :/
when did the pressure leave Kansas? VCU has nothing to lose...
It's funny when old people swear.
Just paid 8 electric bills & 5 Gas bills fro some heimishe yiden that cant afford it. If u know anyone that needsr help, contact us-Retweet
RT : obsessed with my new SAND STORM lipgloss!!!! It's been on my lips since the day I got it.
guys, harry is just subtly admitting his love for louis. no big deal people, seriously. i mean i completely saw it coming
Finally. After sitting under the couch for more than a year, my leaded glass window is in for repair.
But just saying dat V im not saying that to start shit. I just had to get that outta my system. >____<
I love
Stiefel going of
Happy 100 years of to Statehood New Mexico. We're still pushing for our turn here in the District of Columbia.
Oh how I have missed everyone. RT : YELA party tonight :)
Anyone have flooding pics to share this morning? Please post!
We touch, I feel a rush. We clutch, it isn't much but its enough to make me wonder what's in store for us.
A website that automatically plays music or needs to load is as outdated & terrible as slavery
Happy New Year! 2012 promises much more than '11. We alrdy have a large & growing team of high quality patriots serving Southern Indiana!
The Zep? Really? Okay, okay...I'll try. (gulp) #howthehellamigoingtocoverthis?
Thank you :)
Excruciatingly close to launching our fundraiser campaign. The anticipation is killing me!
Love ? Love LevelUp? Tell them what a great pair we'd be and shoot them a tweet!
Could go for some empanadas! RT What are you favorite #SuperBowl Snax?
mane where did you get your snapbacks from plz!!!
April is easily one of the top months of the year
back to you! Keep fighting!
indeed a long strange trip. Long live Chainsaw the Monkey!
too cover zits dab on a primer then use an opaque concealer tacky consistency in shade closest to your skin tone,apply with a brush then
Getting ready to go home and take care of business. Got to get ready for my 3 day weekend.
#mlament Rejection the IV: Included a long handwritten note! Put by mistake in my colleague's mailbox, returned opened with a stickynote: :(
And Lisa Lutz just rocks in general! Great keynote speech last night at Authors on the Move!
I'm gonna do mine! Come over.
u kno ima hold it down fa ya brutha, get ya rest fam n take it easy. Cant have u leave jus yet ha
cmon on rain put me to sleep tonight
I got nutter butter bites and apple juice for giving blood today.
Wishing that I was going to Thunder Over Louisville tomorrow..
Let's all check in on the newly found #Orioles fans in Sept when they've brought up all of A team and are 20 games out...#SaveThisTweet!
#CivilWar Camps under Hooker were "Places no good man wanted to go, and no good woman could go." GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL AMAZON/KINDLE $2.99
Never gave a fuck , nothing about me change.
Finally Editing my reel with Daron! This better get me work!!!
I love how I can be my self around you <3 Your the love of my life (:
you had me at 'newmans'
#SouthBeachSavage - I’m From Miami and do not Condone this type of behavior.
What is there to do in Vegas with no money and a limp dick?
I'm in a good mood:)
When I find myself wanting the job, I let go and detach from the outcome. When I detach, I am magical and invite in all possibilities.
I'm hungry
hi. EVERYONE should follow because she's amazing and because I love her and because i'm procrastinating like a bitch. yep <3
Oh, the cookies I've baked, the floors I've scrubbed on deadlines.
Done with 's recording session and headed back to Chicago with I hope we make it...this prop plane is tiny.
Today my nine-year old said "It seems like half the e-mail I get are pictures of cats." My wife: "Welcome to the internet."
"I'm a lone wolf, Dottie. A Rebel"
Social media analytics provides better and cheaper way to measure PR value. Harder&$$ to get rich data on newspaper article impact.
A lack of protein in our diet can slow growth, reduce muscle mass, lower immunity, and weaken the heart
now you sound like my parents. :)
I'd still pick Haddadi as most dominating ASEAN Center haha
I can't have sex without getting head
My bro happy ass lmao
Last night was crazy! Our #INTERMIXWEDS was packed and off the chain! and were killin the 1's and 2's!
Alternative energy system providing power at N.C. State Marine ...
Future big sale in the future! With new snapbacks
Deleted out my life <U+2611> NO RETURN <U+2717>
Churchill to Roosevelt: A serious difference between us would break my heart and deeply injure our countries during this terrible struggle.
Goodnight ,I love you.;)
Given the very nature of self-obsession, it's odd how self-obsessed people never seem to be aware they are self-obsessed.
Freedom to be free May 1st! Supporter of non-violence. I'm making the change in me first.
I'm way too excited about this...
Do you see their faces when you fall asleep at night? "Smoke 'Em If You Got 'Em" by Parkway Drive.
When I'm 25 I'm gone really be Bossed up...Forreal
Butterflies R such beautiful fluttery creatures!! I love seeing them at zoo -- flying all around you. It's pretty magical!!
I seriously just got phished!
Stacksandstacks coupon codes
wow. already have 14 followers but none of them r Jasmine Villegas or Justin Bieber or the rest of his crew. /:
Hi pple thnk I'm the same Emily Anderson writing 4 u. Confusing since I write abt weddings too :/
&LET'S ALL TAKE A MOMENT TO APPRECIATE WILL BECAUSE HE'S A FUCKING HERO FOR PUTTING HIS LIFE ON THE LINE.
lmaooo. Does she still do that clicking noise with her nails?
best of luck tonight- you were my pre 11/6 pick and i'm sure you can take this down. Regards. Alex (from memphis)
thanks(: it's from homecoming!
Greetings #Maddow fans! Still bugging you from the east coast ;)
Seriously, though, it's an insane workout.
We had an awesome time in East Lansing last night!! #Spartans sure know how to party!!!
Yeah! Love a little Susie and BTrain in the afternoon!
could you send a person to assist me with our project... #Axiomity is creating an app to allocate taxes & vote.
Yeah, I suppose it comes down to the role of critical self-reflection in the creation of revolutionary consciousness.
I am game for any mini . Surprise me
Imma Get Some #Skittles&IceTea for Trayvon Martin with a hoodie
Off to do wedding work. Dress alterations, then cake tasting.
Follow Me? Thanks :)
Wasn't a Foster believer till I opened my eyes and really started watching his game. The Pacers will miss u sir, congrats on a solid career!
Hey my friends and I want to hear you guys play "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !!!!
Kony 2012! Watch it-work ur magic! Follow Get involved Please (maybe u already are?)
I seriously feel married... SueAnn is bringing me something even though I told her not to.
Party last night was crazy but fun. Thanks for letting us tag along with SBH :)
watching tv. U wanna join me?
It kills me how much a bad arrangement can ruin a good song!
And now, #Brewers fans humbly request that Rickie Weeks go wake up a hand specialist.
Go Admirals! Proud to be a fan!
Thanks for the follows!
is sucha cool kid. If only I was worthy of being followed by him! <3 lololol. I <3 JB! Watwat!?!!!
hey brotha send me some of those screen shots! i need to get them over to for the may 25th flyer
I just gift wrapped a coworkers birthday present to his wife because I enjoy wrapping presents THAT MUCH.
you are the definition of an awesome fan :) where did you drive from??
I'm chilling watch my video new shite get with it or get lost to much holla back
great post Amy!
Oops. Sorry. Sent DM with my email to you.
Awww =( I miss them so much right now
Members of TWU saying they have our back. Crowd cheers loudly.
was tellin me who he worked for and affiliated wit and some tips in the game and about the showcase and who gonna be there etc
Dark Shadows.
aye, aint no girl with tar toes puttin her feet in my bed. just get her a pair of Saucony's.. only one pair though.
": There are sides to #Gemini that even surprise them! Like their razor tongue that comes out of nowhere."
The discomfort in your life shouldn't be blamed on others if you're the one letting them get to you.
oh I will young pup
sorry dean. kinda late for that!:/<\3 just dm me when they work. don't feel like tweetin anymore.
Schroeder hits a liner CAUGHT at third by Presley. But the #Brewers score FIVE to take a 6-4 lead in the 9th! Here comes Plesac!
damn! The next guy better not cheat if she ever gets one after this happened
D: Hang on, I'll do it in like 5 minutes. Doing that for that long, knocks the wind out of my ass. xD
lol... where in Florida??
Today would be a good day to go to a park. I wish I had a car <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097>
2 classes of the semester left, and of course I have a quiz in one.
Last day of #downtownemployeeappreciationwk festivities! Join us at 12pm in Red Arrow for free Cousins subs, ice cream & oranges from KEI.
congrats! : Congratulations to the new President of the board!
Any Information Architects looking for a job? Ping me.
go cheer for the eagles or browns
The most amazing comeback in Blazers history. Forgive my skepticism. i am now a believer.
I know! Unfortunately it just tasted like regular popcorn. Highly deceptive.
Sitting at work....... whoa!!! look at all the fun!
san francisco 49ers
Goes to raid the refrigerator while the humans are away...
Organizing actor schedules for "Specimen" photo shoot. Picking up set pieces and props this weekend. Exciting!
S/O to the team #FWM and the supporters also big mothafuckin shout out to the haters we love yall ya
Real talk: if service was any less reliable this week, they'd be called Comcast.
always here <U+263A><U+263A> #loveyou!
It's hot outside but im coolin it
happy Easter to you as well! A fine spring day there?
is an ugly bitch
We need to build individual identity for every college/university. Generic universities/colleges aren't attractive to students
Say it IS so, Braunie!
Well obviously Cadillac and Buick I don't consider Chevy luxury
dude my phone is so bad. I'll deal with the iphone 4s. Haha
thoughts on the cause of the bee swarm on 4th? = convinced they were African bees making way into TX.
Going to Rock of Ages on Broadway tonight to see the crazy-talented Joey Calveri and Emily Williams. Total
Like TLC Waterfalls, I can listen to that anyday
<--Great Oatmeal Flats for breakfast and delicious deli salads for dinner! :)
The second you're nice to a guy they think it means you want them. Well I don't. At all. Not even close.
That we were, it's solved now. Thanks for the heads up!
Yep but I took today of haha, so now I can do whatever I want muahahaha haha :D what movies do you suggest I watch?
one of my fav things to talk about, anytime:)
in my experience Christies hours are "whenever the hell we feel like" to "sometime later than that"
Can't wait for the NY contingent of to arrive tomorrow! Tacos and frozen yogurt for dinner?
I like the way you think!
well said damn iPad
Why are the majority of pic's we take of ourselves are in the bathroom<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B7>??
It's getting better each day. Jus gotta keep the head up
here's your one chance, fancy.
Happy Earth Day!
yes please share. I'm too curious now!!!
": You look like shit...is that the style now......?"I'm so using this one! :-)
ripping new Parts & Labor album
Should your witness answer to the camera during a video deposition? Answer: NEVER. It is not a TV interview and it looks ridiculous.
I Hate being in this class with this stupid woman.. Ugh
aw happy anniversary, you two adorable squirrels you!
One good thing about music, when it hits...YOU FEEL OKAY!!!
do u pronounce your H's?? :D
will be at the Newt Gingrich protest in lieu of office hours. Catch me on Copley Lawn or arrange a meeting time if you want to chat.
we only report the truth--EKT.
I thoroughly enjoyed it. :)
RT : World peace was suspended way b4 World Peace got suspended.
ugh no. I'm over you.
Talk to your partner. Tell each other what feels good. Share fantasies and ideas.
Great start to the morning with Roxy Devine giving me style tips for the Brisbane weather! No PVC corsets!.
miss you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>love you baby! Have fun in Florida without me <U+2600>
that's right a true friend will always be truthful and honest with you
Facebook is like jail, you sit around and waste time, write on walls, and get poked by people you don't know
Just wondering :) Also, congrats on the end of your tenure! Although I'm sure it's also bittersweet.
Awww, thank you! :)
the police told us 'He took the money 'yes' but he didn't get away with it, so there was no crime committed'
Sounds like Mel Brooks' "stand-up philosopher" RT: Comedians are philosophers using laughter as their trojan horse
Poll: do you prefer HootSuite or Tweetdeck 1. HootSuite 2. Tweetdeck. Reply to this tweet with the option number
Looks like the rain will keep us away from route today. Almost time to leave event. Thanks to big tent it was very successful !
Lighting bath is crucial ALWAYS layer the lighting, TASK, AMBIENT, ACCENT, and DECORATIVE gives function & creates scene. It will look great
Someday we hope you'll do an article on the amazing #birding in McDowell Co. #WV. #Birds R Us!
<< beholdeth God with his merciful ighe; bot that that thou woldest be."
will you be my shabeen queen?
": That awkward moment when Tupac's ghost performs at Coachella and everyone assumes it's a 'hologram.'" LOL this killed me
Bitchy anyone are just as annoying
Im stubborn 4 a reason....
Ha, beer o'clock. RT It needs to be beer O' clock on Friday right now.
Hey doll! Kimmy J, Conrad, Julie & the gang say hello! :-)
That climbing up the butt stuff was a joke btw :p
Got my hopes up for a sec
Training is vital to upgrading Office. Email profiles are potentially a technical bug.
Doing whatever a can too get to follow mehh , cause im kool like that :d<3
To see immediate evidence of how Romney and the #GOP's ideas will work on the US economy look at what austerity is doing to Europe.
Super busy couple weeks and I'm gettin really proficient in projection mapping!
'You just need to learn. You need to be yelled at every once in awhile.' Your excuse every time. :/
no, but its very Gogol ballstastic!
All presentations done. Amazing stuff from all teams with some true goosebump moments.
I think I was a cat in my past life. Damn I'm just weird
It was magnificent, said Debbie Drake, a retired international television show exercise trainer. 10% off coupon code SHENYUNFANS
do you remember your first alcoholic beverage ? mine is a heineken
So the Orioles are history?
I hope
fish grits and a swisher sweet :)
is watching the Presidential motorcade and the live feed of Obama speaking right here on campus!
O lord,its gonna be one of those days...silly ass mofo's in this house..folks got the jokey jokes going already
no officer iys hi how are you?
I knew virtually no classical music upon entering college as a pop pianist.
Softball is so much louder than baseball.
Thank you! Have a great day! Check my Passions by K #Facebook page!
“: Alright alright alright” you gone learn today!
We do not see things as they are, we see them as we are.
DD and Peta are SAFE again this week. on #DWTS WOO HOO
Bull-S you are 30... Well happy early B-day anyway.
they are not calling ANYTHING inside- Gaddy getting abused and no call. not that it matters...
Loved the Bob Marley documentary....one good thing about music, when it hits you feel no paaaaaiiiin.
Thanks for checking in on #Foursquare this past weekend! I hope you enjoyed your stay!
U hate me now but I won't stop now cause I can't stop now u can hate me now!
I think is part of #TeamBringIt!
you are certainly welcome - Stay warm up there!
Somehow I find myself back at the library. Read, write, and repeat.
That's terrible! With places like Joe squared and Matthews, I have high standards.
Yeah, Scott Arniel was a great PP coach Remember when our power play was good?
no doubt. would love to send over a few questions for you if you had a minute. mad respect for what you do from over here, homie.
yeah, there arent many options for that class
Neko Case - This Tornado Loves You - 07:35 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Don't catch feelings for me.... Cause ima step out the way and let that shit hit the floor. -__- Fuck yo fake ass feelings
just curious, but why?
#coys! as would say, tottenham till i die
or just 3G perhaps
I am listening to Lambchop on and can't believe I've never gotten into them before. Jeez. Oversight thankfully corrected.
Your friends accomplishments are your accomplishments. Congrats :) go ball it up baby, an make me proud!
The sun is right behind the stop lights
Been lying to myself for some time now... Accept it.
At earth day celebration in white river state park. Learning a lot. Come see the electric cars made in Indiana.
Luke Perry is bad ass and mad hott. it's healthy cos i need a teen drama fix.
We go through storm whether the pain I'm always right here They can tear down the walls break down and cry I'm always right here
is that a gift for ?
Thank for all the birthday tweets!
I'm more of a vodka mix drink Gatorade bottle stuffed in my compression shorts. One of these Sunday's casino champagne & game
Waiter by day, bouncer by night...
#RnBThrowBacks Color Me Bad - Mi Amor
I'm being all Army strong but my facade is cracking. Help!!!
Heading out early for the holiday weekend! Be safe and enjoy the BBQs!
lol! I love all your symbols. But love u more :). Mwaaahhh!!
good content makes it worthwhile. Thank you
oh no! I've been there and it sucks. A protein treatment brought back a lot of the curl tho, have you tried that?
last day on campus today. Thankfully, I somehow managed to schedule all of my meetings with top tier students. A good way to go out.
Some females will just always b ratchet as bitches
Get your tickets for the WWE: SmackDown tomorrow at the Bank Of Oklahoma Center. For tickets, call us now: 888-493-0004
haha why people think the ur fish is dead .??
Nevada, Arizona, and Utah in 3 hours
too bad places with more money can buy better players and win all the time.. yay dynasties, yay capitalism
just got your album!I love Better Than That and Back On The Ground!May god bless you.
Sorry pete. But to rub it in geoff I liked the idea of old school Mexican.... thoughts
Today is one of those really boring days
#FF The 100% twitter fan funded film
Idaho infant dies from whooping cough amid regional outbreak
I feel so close to youu right noww.. IT'S LIKE A FORCE FIELD Hope you're having fun in Palm Springs honey boo boo chyyld
Damn u beat me to it! : I'm bout to start tellin bitches "You're free to go"
Hey girl. You still working at VS?
coughing like mad after working out. i knew the gym was a bad idea!
I love you but I can't tell you... I wish you were mine and I was yours and if you love me back tell me. I won't tell anyone :)
Don't get ready for the next moment.
Can't wait to see on punk'd :)
If you say that #Lebron sucks then you clearly dont know a thing about basketball #LBJ 37points. Clutch in the 4th quarter
Busy summer ahead of me and I'm stoked stoked stoked.
I'm down! Although you're much too young to be my mother! You can be my adopted sister!
I hate being the only one sober at the party!
bang my shit!
Destroyers score another TD make it 14-0 with 14 minutes left I. The 2nd quarter
We are happy to hear it, Lisa! Teachers are a special kind of people and we love them just as much as our users do.
Ppl in the hood clearly aren't trying to feed me it's all good
My baby is going to be tiny--society get over it!
today just hasn't been my day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
#SuperArtFight care bear Dalek= exterminate bear?
Playoff Basketball > Playoff Hockey
You're on your own with Promise Ring. :)
Hey, is BGFBP still alive?
"Countries don't want the Secretary-General to have a rapid response force because he might use it." Wolfgang
I've been working on my "book" for about 3 years now. Haven't been wanting to write for some time, but just started again. Feels great!
ha! those are my comfortable shoes!!
#TheVanimal was vicious tonight!
Our staff watched #HungerGames last night saw beautiful examples of #PreemptiveLove! Have you seen it? What did you think?
The app on my phone, says I have 913 Days left. I also have an app on my Google Home Page.
im sorry but R5 seems a lil too into this whole fame thing..i mean , theyre being introduced as 'R5 featuring Ross Lynch'
Why in the freakin' freak did I allow myself to get involved in this Thursday night Black Friday madness? I know better!
That's great! Thanks!
I'm off tomorrow. Come through
Thanks! This was definitely a case of "write what you know" -- the last few weeks have been a little desperate! :D
Kind of like how we yell ZEUS
Its time to check the candy from last night
If the #Cardinals make the playoffs, I am going to be so pissed!
I had a flicker of a vision that they had learned from their mistakes... HA!
okay:D thank you sister.!!!.(:
im excited to but scared lol.
Caffeine Awareness Fact # 22 - Caffeine is a diuretic, that's why you have to pee so much!
Thanks for the shout out!
you're always invited! Extremely cute
Just got invited to maimi on wednesday.....wmc? I can't miss it....decisions decisions!
I love :) he's my bestfriend!!!!
Upset... again.
WORDZ OF WISDOM....IF YOU'VE CALLED HIM BACK SEVERAL TIMEZ AFTER GIVING HIM THE A**...FACE IT GIRL
Everything worth doing is worth doing twice
My iPhone auto-corrects "pets" to PETA. Evidently more than one is animal cruelty.
omg I made your name....honored
lmfao this explains exactly how i feel! omg im scared of not getting tickets. i will legit die loll.
its funny cause that wasn't even close to the answer!
honestly, i've never been checked...just like having it. Right thing and all. Thanks for the heads up!
Thank you for sharing your blog. Thank you & your son for his service. I'm a Navy brat & wife (Desert Storm) Freedom is not free.
If I could live with the Dowager Countess, I think I could always be happy. Anyone who knew Margie Westrom knows they were peas in a pod.
Slightly late, but: U! C! O! N! N! UConn! UConn! UConn!
it was real hard at first, but I'm eating better now & can see results in everything but that stupid scale number.
Forgetting my hair tools while traveling has been more alarming than the time I forgot my underwear... #girlproblems #tweetTMI?
Thanks! So glad it's done. :-)
Alpaca carpaccio is also good to eat in Peru.
Excited about making 's carrot ginger soup tonight from
Thank you. Wishing you the best, my friend.
Up early & time to work!
Ha, I was wondering the same. re: Who has more influence over how people think about gay marriage - President Obama or Jay-Z?
I'm certain that once the terrorists find out about Saddle Ranch, they're going to attack L.A.
Thanks for the RT! Have a good weekend.
#FIFA #WorldCup Monday morning! Portugal v North Korea 04:30 am Chile v Switzerland 07:00 am Spain v Honduras Kick-off 11:30 am
Get out of the rain and come inside the VAC for today's Lunch Break film, "Slacker"! We have juice boxes too.
werd! RT : there's always room for cheese curds :)
Weekends, good times, etc.
thanks for the retweet love last night yo! let us know when you come to PDX, we wanna rock out!!!
just when I thought couldn't get any cooler.. For a couple of double takes I swore my check in clerk was Insane.
Wendall and Karen, going home with $200,000 each! That's for changing these two people's lives!
was looking forward to chopping it up with a certain person today but our schedules always clash. mom said if its meant to be it will be..
Being inspired at !...So many great ideas. It all begins somewhere.
Definately gonna have to start playing twitter bingo. Items playable are gay quotes/cliches, irrelevant sports,poor jokes, and the word YOLO
Radio host buys site of burned Southern Indiana music hall
If I write a book and sell it to a publisher for millions I would pay 15% in tax If I write a book and get paid a salary I would pay 35% tax
kinda nice when you believe again that your #thesis is actually viable!
Gone with the wind!
off to the Children's Museum for Live@ 7. An exhibit of Legos.
listening to PRETTY GIRL SHAKE IT BY THEMPRANGERS :)
well u have never done nothing to me so im sure :)
Gay men don't get fat
Cinco de Mayo, let's do tequilla tonight. But let's try not to pass out in the bar bathroom stall again this year. So embarrassing
I'm a gun!
so fucking excited to see what you guys are rehearsing!!!
It doesn't even feel like a Friday...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there.
Good Night Tweople....
Try as you will, you cannot annihilate that eternal relic of the human heart, love. ~ Victor Hugo
Thank goodness on the sun update. Best of luck today!...AND LOVE profile pic! CAF athlete Ezra wishes u luck as well!
Missing Colorado right now.
Lmao okay x
Was Garnett given a technical for hanging on the rim like a damn fool? He should have.
I can't catch up to your avi changes
Tonight I get to lead a great trio at the Tap Room at the Langham Hotel in Pasadena. Hamilton Price, Dan Schnelle and I hope to see you! 7pm
Bless you
I am their inspiration.
LET THE DRINKING COMMENCE!
I got a tiny tower because of and im OBSESSED.
My mama has horrible memory, she get stories all mixed up.
Knee to the crotch...that's gotta sting.
PROSTEST AGAINST THE SCHOOLS FOR TORI THEY NEED TO DO MORE
oh it's really tough when they have to take cars overnight so they'll pass inspection
wine allowed, of course.
I USED to play kickball. Couldn't deal with the sissy bunting and awful officiating.
Does the IRS have a Facebook page?
I am 's bitch, and always will be. (;
Finally putting together our April Must-See Painting shows post together. Should be in time for the weekend...
Any suggestions on Project X?
So glad to meet you last night at the party! really knows how to throw a great event!
I think just enjoy sounds very wise- applies to, literally, everything!! Enjoyed reading job and side hustle are well :) xx
HA! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! (Duck is 3 today!) Hahahaa!
#SaySomethin was amazing! Im soo proud of how far you have came(,: i love you<3
thanks for the RT and posting my event, you are awesome, hope to see you soon! have a great aloha Friday!
Be better than me to the homies that I influence.
Hm soo 2maa I'ma just do wtf I wanna do after school. #SheSaidSheLoveMe . . . WHATEVER THAT IS!!!!
Oink ima cow!
She was the gal that had the vote for best looking fella on twitter that one night.
lol u ignored Alex but answerd Robert haha wow
The entire cast of Mean Girls could take a faster shower than my roommate
yea...my phone died last night and I just woke up! haha
That's what they al say... *eye roll*
maroon 5...is good.
Was impressed by Colorado in the Pac-12 tourney but wow didn't expect this. Thought UNLV would run over them #marchmadness #BringBackTark!
Sometimes the ride is more fun than the destination.
I have dreams allatime that my dreads unwind themselves. I wonder what it means.
Companies to Follow
“: This is my worship, this is my life, to bring hope into this broken world.”
But let me tell them something about it, and they tell me I'm overreacting. -_- Figures. They never bother to think how I feel.
#EastCoastMustHaves #OldBay on my salad? Sure, why not...
thank oyu for following us, nice website!
oh stop it. You're making me blush. Guess you're right, there's so much to look forward to.... ;-)
My friend who just went
Lol, I need it back!
“: The darkest fear of Southern Californians becomes my reality tomorrow. I'll be picking someone up from LAX.” suck my dick
Follow My Girl She Do Follow Back... ( She Is The Best Rapper In Gerogia ) - So start Pressing the button FOLLOW Now
Cutting footage from 057 tonight!
A1: Basic levels of healthIT data exchange are vital for the long term financial success of an ACO.
Always happy to promote such talent! :) Great work!
What do you think is a fair charge for delivery? I checked up on the competition yesterday and was wondering your point of view.
Shoot after seeing that i can't wait 4 G.I. Joe 2 to come out.
woke and toked
Change out of that skirt, Jason. RT I was disappointed in 's coverage...Didn't even mention me in the headline.
Are you going to see our friend #PatBenatar?
Sunday morning cardio - its my place of worship. Bevs is quiet at 6am :)
Haven't been on here in soo long.
Oleanna continues at Lincoln Hall tonight at 7:30. If you can't make it there's also a Sunday matinee at 2pm! General Admission tickets $6
Volatility and Correlation: The Perfect Hedger and the Fox
Glenwood purchased the note at a BIG discount, which makes the fundamentals of the site work for a rental building, terrific buy
what happened?
When you've got it, spend it. When you don't got it, spend it like you've got it...
one more tweet till 2,900! wonder what thats gonna be !x
MT zimmerman is back in news.Do blacks folks still care or are busy talking about Obamas gay marriage approval?
it blows don't it. Just don't want another pre Oklahoma thing.
live it up brother...
RT Massive "sick-in" planned around US Nov 2nd in #solidarity w/ #occupyoakland &the
killing 's Mean on Nice. Love his voice!
U welcome
Cheering my lil brother on in his track events at the Cardinal Park Track and Soccer Field in Louisville, KY
my little buddy graduates preschool today!
Hey still good news for Pens Fans....we aren't from philly.
My moather cleans moats!
Great posts!! Thank you!
Four Days into the New Year! How's it going? We're Great!
Tune in to WYPR's Maryland Morning tomorrow, when Tom Hall will interview Susan McCully about UMBC's Grrl Parts theatre festival!
I never cared about the Rock The Bells festival. Ever. Just being honest.
Justin Biebers boyfriend video is so sexxi!!!!
Peroxide plus (cringe) Hot Topic's "Pimpin' Purple." Yes, I'm 26 and still shop there. But every time the sun hits it, I smile!
Go la kings! Don't we're avs fans here but that means we have to hate on the canuckleheads
What's the puppy bowl?
If all you wavers in the audience could see how silly you look
<U+2191> the person above fooled around with bieber
Greetings from semi-up north!
Heading to 's graduation. Congrats!!!!
There was an accident on the inbound roadway. Our crews are working quickly to clear the roadway once again.
This game is over cats got it in the bag
What good books would you recommend for me
Cash Mob and discounts doesn't seem like the best idea to me. Are we Cash Mobs or Groupon? People will pay full price to support locals.
OMG I WANT!!! RT My breakfast heaven!
Thanks for letting us know ! Happy 2 years on twitter to us! RT: Today 2 years on Twitter:
why are u lying to the children?!?! No behaving! RT : Ok DC. I'm as surprised as u that I'm back. But if u behave, so will I ;-)
hot damn chucky im coming im coming!
You are an inspiration and our rolemodels. What you do is amazing. We hope to have impact like you in the future.
In the world of cyberspace, what is moving and shaking right now?
Yes u can't wait! I will use my phone to find info whether or not it's sanctioned by u, but please don't call us children
Alliant Energy's Patricia Kampling will be one of only a handful of women in the U.S. to lead an investor-owned utility....
Napoli just haven't looked like themselves.
Bumpin songs that was fire back in 8th grade! Lol
No squares in my circle
is currently observing some major mid-class prostitute dealing at the Burger Palace.
Can't go to SAA this year, but wld happily be involved in planning something like this for next. Anyone else?
Happy birthday dog champman
RT #taiga7 kicks off with great keynote by
Do you have a favorite bible verse?
#truth || RT : Debra Messing. You are flawless.
- Welcome Nik! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
For long presentations, I use a switch to alternate between slides on laptop and apps on iPad.
Who doesn't love the thrill of film noir? Come see how current film producers are creating it now. Thurs., 7 pm, FREE.
My loveslave , can you tell that I deserve SB46 tix? I am your biggest fan...also we need to have dinner again soon!
you're a wealth of information.
#WFFConf12. Sally Hogshead survey "are you more Fascinating than the average person?" Only 30 percent said yes!
that's it? You were on a roll keep the rant going.
I GOT THERE BEFORE YOU!! Lol
I know right! Bahahaah.
Hey, so bored
Fridays will be the place to be in Santa Monica!
so stressful!!
True my little marathon runner, it's not that simple for girls; but it's definitely true for guys.
#nomorebull soon as I get the chance I'm movin so far away from u hateful mothafuckaz, wheres the love?
Come say hi today! Rode my bike in today. It's beautiful outside!
Schoolwork sucks!
good job for not including his hash tag all that sharing and rt is just adding fuel to his fire
hey rookie sensation should be starting, fields couldn't hit the side of a barn!!
I just died.
That person should be slapped silly for even using pink italics.
Listenin 2 more good music & wonderin how has only 2361 followers when he's got 2 awesome songs on the radio right now?
We should've known that nothing lasts forever
If only.... I repeat if only... Lol.. Sorry but your not!
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are". Don't know who said it, but I am all about that.
#Brewers are flashing leather tonight!
Will be working on the actual plan over Thanksgiving. Will share when complete.
Well would ya look at the time. It's already beer o'clock!
is finishing up with the JAZZ FEST and ready for a weekend of ARTS... WE are in pre-production for the series OFFICIALLY!!!!!!!
Come into the tasting room and mention "Twitter Sale" and get 20% off your purchase. Today Only! Open 12-6pm. Happy New Year!
Back to the Harley for you!
My life has become a boring pop song, and everyone's singing along.
Hearing more and more about Matt Flynn, the contract he signed and the opportunity at hand makes me feel excellent about 2012.
we get that with Time and it is awesome. For $2 a copy, a magazine would be an impulse buy. $5-7, I need to think about.
I am so tired I'm not staying awake this period. I just can't do it.
Cooking note: Next time don't make the hummus so garlicky can smell it as soon as you get into the car.
So if a teacher doesn't pass you, you can't graduate?
what are you doing tonight? PS I thought I went home last night but just found out I had an entire blackout experience downtown
I'm not selfish. Actually, I always put others before myself. But I should stop because people take fucking advantage.
SO happy for the Kings win!!! Seriously, they are unstoppable.
YES! Saturday=ridiculous! RT <3Miami pretty stoked to see
UGHH. My sister wont let me come baby sit with her. :[
Holyy shit! Bro did you see that dude on americas got talent hooking he's eyes on the coffee thingy
Listening to 5th podcast about yeast in 2 days.
OMG I'm trying to find my BFF but when i type in any name it just says they dont have anyone by that name but they told me to use that name
thanks for 4 great yrs!!
so I guess ill come with dad tomar to help u...u better have or do some special for me since u won't be here on my bday
1ForTheRoad Trivia every Wed. at 7PM, featuring DJ Chowdah. shall we go soon?
Thank you! RT : is the Communicator of the Week! We think you are awesome. and !
Great :D our singer is out of commision for like 2 weeks cuz his wisdom teeth but once he gets ok we will record 3 more songs :D
If I married someone and they died right now I'd be a white widow blazin white widow lol
Rythym X was amazing at WGI on Saturday; plus, Vic Firth signed my stockpad at the expo!
At the #Copyright Office for #DMCA anti-circumvention hearings.
I think all of those that have doubts or worries about how great is going to be should stop worrying right now The game lives up to the hype
*sigh* Wonder if know I still put her down as a reference when applying to jobs
Ran our school's TURKEY TROT early 2day got 2nd place for girls !!!!!! :)
Did you save me any tho?
so many feelings :( my feelings are dead ggfhfdtt boys are the dumbest
A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice. - Bill Cosby
im good, thanks! how about you? (:
Just cause you call yourself a photographer, that doesnt mean you ARE a photographer.
t jones calm yourself...
Who wants to play "Let's Answer a Million-Billion Questions?"
Chase Hacketts stash is awesome
1. I can be extremely graceful under pressure
just tell her she just earned those points ;)
Dear Librarians, I can't believe I'm yelling at you for this, but for the love of PETE, BE SPECIFIC when naming your docs! Kindest regards..
I like this! RT : Just might go down as my favorite beer. did a fine job with this one. — Drinking a Sofie —
Getting Whataburger! Finally I know what and say when they say it's amazing!(:
RT Q4: Should the bridesmaids have a say when it comes to the dress style?
I want to know my real name <U+2665>
Agfa hikes price May 3, 2011 -- Agfa HealthCare has announced an increase in the price of medical film due to rising silver costs.
The tweet from the Phx Zoo about its merger with DBG is absurd. Why? It's April 1st! The Zoo responded to my inquiry with a smiley face. Oy.
Happy New Year!
Attending #OAH2012? Stop by Booth 323 to enter a drawing for a free iPad.
83 degrees out! Man alive.
Just found out an iPad responds to the touch of a banana peel. I'm here for all your IT needs.
Beran WolfeYou will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of .
I can tell he hates me. ..
Nice to see the grumpy old man quota was recently filled on Twitter. Welcome
If you'd like to be added to our "automotive" or "green" lists, let us know. It's hard to catch everyone. Thanks.
You can get away with not doing it for a while, as long as you have reached a certain standard of fitness
ugh can't believe it's been one year ): rip derek boogaard
Among rotation to prep for the big game: Glitter Kicks, Danger Bob, Butterglory, Cher UK, Creature Comforts, TV Fifty, and The Anniversary.
What does that mean?!
It has been--hard at times, but great. And I love my school--I'm glad we get to share our PhD journeys together from afar!
SCOOP: The NOMINEES for Fusion ArtWorks! #Gwinnett Inaugural Awards have been released #Fusion2012 on.fb.me/xNxbsy
lol im gonna miss you too !!!!
RT : I feel the denial of gay marriage sends a prejudice message. Our youth deserve a fair+hopeful future with government that...
Tramontana back with the #packers.....Tramontana......yea, Ahhhmm, we're not doing that anymore.
No school Friday so we have a 3 day week!!!
Rest of the day off :) and it only noon lol
That was great! CONGRATS ON BREAKING THE INTERNET!!!!!
bring me elote now or consider this friendship over. I want two cobs so I can hold one in each hand.
text me.
Time for TA
Samoa Donut? RT : Tired. Wet. Time to refuel at
there is no try, i do or do not do
I think I just fell in Love...": I'll make you dinner and roll your blunts."
How does Live Binders compare to Google sites or docs? Better? Worse?
where I don't see him following u
haha he'll be at next year's formal
Ik we getting our ass spanked but fuk it lakers all m'f day
": When life throws you lemons throw um back at the first fat person you see" thats so mean
In da tub with 's really cool golden wonder ballistic!!!
Watched Green Lantern for the first time last night. Is it me or did it feel like The Mask?
Happiness is as a butterfly, which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
“ When MVick is hit, does he get same "penalty" treatment as Rodgers & Brady?”No, they look at him as a RB I think,takes beating
Thanks for RT'ing my single! :)
Hi Jessica! Thanks for the follow :-)
I can't believe Demi is turning 20 this year. I'm so proud of her, she's just uh-mazing!
You are wonderful. :)
My mommy held me in her tummy for
Combing Conan is funny
A person doesn't know how much he has to be thankful for until he has to pay taxes on it. ~Author Unknown
We bought our tickets, how about you? RT : Retweet if you've gotten your #BrewCityStompDown tickets.
Never Insult Austin In Front Of A Mahomie Or You'll Die !
Lol Siemens..... Why Would You Name Your Company That?!
#RomCon All violaters shall be held in stasis by the Peackeepers until the time of their trial.
Pick your nose in your car while stuck in bumper to bumper traffic..
the 2011 offseason reminds me of the 2000 offseason. Too much spending
i just started catching up on it! they just finished downloading!! and also do u watch Once Upon a Time??
Anyone at #UMBC owe library fines? now accepts credit card payments! Pick up a form at the circulation desk on the 1st floor.
i like ur profile pic is it u??
i am. got in Monday night. At a conference at the Crowne Plaza. :)
O my god Becky look at her butt tushi
Enjoying Fairly Odd Parents.
thanks for the waving lesson last night ;) ur the best
Hope you're having a happy birthday!!
The will to do springs from the knowledge that we can do. -James Allen
Andre Goodman with a pick six.....
your everything >>>>
I think I speak for most of the people in the senate on this one when I say What an Asshole!!!!
Are you a Leap Year Baby? Stop into for a free cupcake of your choice!! Special little baby!!
's voice brings the biggest smile to my face!I love him<3Love me Chris Mann!:)
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. ~Winston Churchill
Power 98.3 is the worst radio station out here... djs suck ass too
Which Bar?
BROKEN GLASS TRIVIA NIGHT at Poco - Thursday 9/1 @ 8PM - $5 a team - Theme: Politicomedy - where affairs of the state meet entertainment.
If I'm the #Bills these are my first 3 picks. 1st Round: L. Kuechly, LB 2nd Round: Trumaine Johnson, CB 3rd Round: A.J. Jenkins, WR
Having a convo w | oomf , till I go to sleep (: #Goodnight .
sweet dreams;)
i hear ya. most r ashamed to me seen with me i think. idk. then one says that they cant bear to c me in so much pain.
Fucking WORLD Tour. Son. I'm So Proud. xoxo
I hope you'll enjoy your new ocarina.
Thank you Tracy!
(rather than, apparently, criticizing tenured faculty who may simply not be interested infor dig/collaborative projects.)
when life gives you lemons make lemonade.dont waste what you've been given 'cause it might all dissappear one day
RT : Have run out of paper! Literally doing the final illustrations for OY3 on scrap I pulled from a hotel recycling bin! But...
Everything works itself out
CDC doing a good job explaining how vaccines are developed and recommended
please no more shoes lol “: Well I've always fantasized about shopping spree. now that I'm getting one idk what the eff to get!!”
yoga and sushi. such a good idea, !
thanks for following the #malcolmx blog! i hope you can make it out to one of the malcolm-related events in the next 2 months.
“: A fan is a fan, who cares what age or gender you are.” AMEN to this
I'm accepted in the Beloved.
Watauga, Wake and Orange were already the some of the best places to be in NC
just stop and take a deep breath. Now go break into someone's house and steal they wifi. P.s. (DON'T)
New equipment arrived. DVR, 540TVL bullet cams, thermometer, cables. Laser grid on the way. Investigation soon w new equip!
Sorry: I'm having a Grrrrrrr! Moment. Just posted some Really Pithy Political Stuff on my FB page. I'm an Angry Grrrl! LOL
Smoke a little grass, make a lot of music. Smoke a little grass, make a lot of music. Smoke a little grass, make a lot of music.
That being said, off we go on a road trip! IL & WI
hope my sis like the 2 shot glasses i gave her!
Yes it is RT silence is an after fact of bullying that is an invisible wound.
#ThingsICantLiveWithout beer, bitches, bacon and doughnuts
Do u talk to your young kids about the suggestive commercials during superbowl.
you're a horrible communicator.
Flight prices defy logic.
": Wow FLOTUS! #scandal" She is an evil, evil woman it appears.
Did the RT. Where in #SanDiego are you located? Looking forward to going to a show!
Heard Zou Bisou Bisou on the way back from lunch with - now this will be stuck in my head all day.
Evening tweet plugs!! As we say goodbye to 2011 and hello to 2012, we want to say that we love & appreciate our followers so much!
just go stand by the tree
MT : As with all aviation industry estimates of economic benefit of flying, they leave out money taken out of UK by air travel
When a highschool classmate publishes a memoir of her dating life, the ensuing shitstorm makes me regret my lack of socialness then way less
sorry I missed you...hope to see you before the week is over!
house party on a Monday....
I like to whistle "Farmer in the Dell" as I walk down the hallways in the State House to keep people on their toes.
I need your help! I need to get to 100 followers only 12 away. # team follow back
I know, I just couldn't help it! :)
If you truly love someone, then the only thing you want for them is to be happy.... even if its not with you. Just let them be happy.
That scroll brought you to this tweet. Sorry to disappoint you.
This is almost like the time I put my sport bra on backward and it fit!!!! I laugh at myself but worry too!!!
I am going to be Tony Stark when I grow up.
Talking on the phone w/ trombone till i KO
Omg who the fuck puts bricks on their feet to walk around.
I have an orage, banana, and grapefruit cups on my desk to make me eat them. It's working.
doesn't even see me. Travis, "it is nice to see you," my first day back after being released from the hospital.
so 2011 Camero head light out along with ballast replacement!! Wow!
Everyone should be following you wont regret it ;)
so hot. Smokin'!!!
It sure was for the upper 1%!
I just feel like crying
your welcome sweetie, i hope you have a great day!
I hear ya man it doesn't look exotic at all.
??? I dnt understand spanish, what you said?
So U want 2B happy?Then stop lettin small stuff ruin ur whole entire day. If ur bored with ur daily routine,do something out of the ordinary
Full play day with Eden! What oh what will we do? Hiking? The Beach? So many possibilities.
I smell lawsuit!!
I was invited to stay for dinner
Hold up. Wait a minute. Let's me put some frattoys in it
#bestintheworld alec baldwin. Smart man
i should be asleep but all I wanna do is partaaaaay #nightowl #ah <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
EXTREME pies of New Jersey housewives
hahahaha i love #squirting so much. Everyone should try it at least once ;)
Hamsters are still used as currency in Syria.
we need to make our own Soccer Girl themed video w/ the team hahah
One thing is cooloerhthan Sonic. 2 Sonics. Sonic Generations.
Off to Chicago to attend and present Look for our tweets from the conference tracking new trends and insights
One more f&*kin love song and ill be sick <3
yes sir! Thought I told you
Great to see you here
No, it's true. I am a pumpkin-faced hack.
The lips of the righteous feed many, but fools die for lack of wisdom
Thanks! RT Way to go #sandiego! Congrats companies like & for making SD the 8th greenest city in the US
OH YEAH! And to call oneself a TEAM leader..YOU gotta go harder than EVERYBDY, so ur team can follow suit...a LEADER...LEAD'S
Over 50K, dude??
shorty as me for a check i tell that bitch like no way
US was big winner cause France tried invading the US thru Mexico, so it bought them some time
Pain is just weakness leaving your body.
man I feel so fuckin lonely and hopeless
last final: complete. it's summer, bitches.
I gotta get my mind right and buckle down and make some changes in life... No more partying for me "Raging Bull"
Pick me, pick me!
Thx for following. Are you guys responsible for the great fireworks after the Tribe games in Cleveland?
OMG. im so sorry haha im just going through one directions mentions :p
funny bastard i love you still check it out seriously
Raw Possibility catering Zombie Brewery's event tonight @ The Crest: 3645 Foothill, La Crescenta, CA 91214. No cover charge. 21+ (8pm-2am)
I find it sad when ppl make fun of another person without knowing anything about them
what's up?x
#40thingsaboutme I faint when i see a shit load of blood
Why do people always ask us who Candy is?
I totally agree :)
Thank you! You have indeed moved us forward! Onward to victory!
Drinking water. Great bikram class tonight. Now for some The Walking Dead: The Game and Prototype 2 on Xbox.
So excited that today is Friday! Hope you all have a good weekend.
: Hard work pays off when you work hard for no pay off.
so do u know how long it's been since I've saw you. 198 days. And u didnt have a voice.eta change that soon. K?
you are incredible
harry shearer interview coming up now, then heading to Storm's video shoot, sun/beer by the pool and soapbox derby meeting. oh happy day!
Here at #SMCSD presents getting great FB tips! Have questions about ? Find our CM w/ Google colored hair :)
you can send your resume to jobs [at] chicagonp [dot] com
I need some mod floor tiles for my kitchen -- any ideas.
I've been teaching myself Python and SQL since 2010 & it's helpful
So why dont you wanna go
must see this!! U go with Vann?
it just means you are getting back to your teenage Seattle roots.
Yes. That is a character with a lot of a-pale.
Spicy Chocolate is at our Fenway location, in case you were wondering! Distracted by our own rhyming!
Deal of the Day! Mention this ad and get a whopping 25% off any packet of lotion today only! Use this opportunity to try out a new HT lotion
What a great giveaway!
Thanks! *cheers*
First and only class today: yoga
i just punched myself in the chin well okay
Thanks for following. I'm following you now.
Loves life. Headed to California. :)
Saw your tweet about the antibiotics after I sent that, hope you're feeling better
dm Interest in activating a rapid deployment strategy eliminating textbook budgets is overwhelming is. Who do we ask for help?
OKAY WORLD IMEAN ON YA HEAD LIKE A TOP HAT ..FOLLOW THE MOVEMENT ~ BHP / CASH BRICK / RIO SIMS/ MURAKULOUS BEATS` GARILLA FAMILY
anytime! Keep up the good work!
You catch more flies w/honey than heckling, though. But Romney's not gonna be prez so... :) All love!
9days left in high school
finally letting him go .. and it actually feels good.
I find it weird when people tweet at famous people they don't know.
Alright calm down mike, he isn't buttering up anyone or anything but me. I'll see you this weekend feyfey.
LeBron James grabbing his own throat
RT : If I treated you the way you treat me, I promise you wouldn't stick around the way I do."
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 8
I lost respect for Nicole when she was making comments about girls who perform just like her then she goes & helps vote out Drew and Rachel?
Yes, I watched it and thought the movie was great. It's amazing how many creative people there are in the world!
LAST DAY for #CyberMonday deals! Use blkfri15 to get 15% off + FREE GIFT with $20 order (before discount/shipping). Great stocking stuffers!
no time to party no time to beach just time to create .....
Yeah Right!
Now that was rain storm last night! I hope everyone is well
thanks for the Follow, Will!
Interesting trend: 45% of our MBA applications so far are from women & most attendees at info session this week were women. Deadline May 7.
On tonight's menu: Mashed Cauliflower Puree for #MeatlessMonday. How will you make dinner count?
Ignorance truly is bliss.
yeah - I call them the headphones that killed rock & roll.
Wow LAX, you are a true example of how slow the west coast moves. An hour wait @ baggage claim?....really?
When do you prefer to exercise: Morning (before work), early evening (right after work) or late night?
What's going on in #PDX tonight? What time would you like us to pick you up? www.broadwaycab.com
Who also wears thongs to school ?
The venue I am at is like 1 lady per every 25 males. Plethora of penis and lack of labia I say.
The weekend is over already? Lunch at Terilli's will ease your pain!
Gracias! RT : Time catching up on 's is time well spent, no matter where you are. #Salute, homeslice!
“: On Bellemeade Ave heading toward Evans Ave: man dressed in all black carrying a sword. #ewatch”
thanks very much! So nice of u to say!!
I just had a heart attack reading that..
Both LA teams went to a Game 6.
hey[: & js i love your tweets
I dunno, I'd just load up on one of the extreme varieties of Axe body spray and see what happens.
I love #SNL but crap Will Ferrel just gave one of the worst monologues ever in history
Why am I not surprised that bathroom scales are hard to find at Walmart?
Glad to hear it!
I have a bone to pick with whoever brought in donuts to the office this morning.
and are adorable! Keep up the great work. Cheers!
Fight the Bite! Helicopter drop launches West Nile Virus season. Kick-off event is TODAY @ 10 a.m. More info visit www.SDFightTheBite.com
I am EMBARRASSED FOR YOU !! Bless your hearts. No, really.
Still reading your book Albert, and loving it...
Play Austria & deal w/ Prussian ascension, national instability. Hungary, w/ revolt then offer of dualist rule. Czechs/Croats for autonomy.
Dude, you look like
Even if the Capitals are eliminated Wednesday night, my team still made it farther than anyone else's team in this town. So there!
And now I can't stop sneezing
Can't believe these little sophomores are gonna be upper class men when we leave
thanks gurrrr! You ready for Key Club Social!?!?!??! HIDE AND GO SEEK YEAH
Hope you're having luck w/ the house. Statue worked here. Buried 11/1, couple viewed twice and we have an accepted offer.
Free Comic Book day!
Me and my kids loved in Mr. Popper's Penguins. They got it for Chrismas on DVD. #MilkThroughNose funny! Good stuff, man.
Save yourself some $ and look for lessons on YouTube. That's how I learned harmonica for free.
Dear September, we hope you're ready for another bad ass REVO event!
you will not be allowed within six feet of him.
hey cheese lovers! what flavor is everyone snacking on today? obsessing over seseme crisps dipped in sabra's eggplant dip! #cantgetenough!
- Huge fan of HUNG as well actually. It's clever, neurotic, unique...all those things that make for good tv.
Just SIGNED with M.O. Artists Agency. Bring on the BOOKINGS! :)
nice! You live out that way, right? Happy Sunday
94 Degrees today
Ska ing to Madness tonight at the Nokia here in LA. Night Boat to Cairo, just gone noon half past monsoon on the banks of the river Nile...
.......show,show,show how u do that trick,,that make me scream........
Physiologist G. Duchenne tried to chart human emotions by electrically stimulating subjects' facial muscles & photographing them - eek.
I know, I know when you think you've gone as far as you can ur only have way there - but damn - I'm tired!
Our Saturday hours will be cut short tomorrow...we'll be closing about 1:30 to go to a photo shoot ! Watch for pictures :)
Love you brotha man! :] Hope everything is gooin good in that brown country your in.
": "Today, my friend asked me if Yahoo was a good search engine. My response? “I don’t know, google it."
super article - thanks for posting!
AH A TWO HOUR CRIMINAL MINDS TONIGHT OMG. I'm gunna cry :(
We're moving into small groups for the workshop now, tasked with solving Afghanistan.
Thanks to all for a fun day esp Tripp, John, and Tim
Case of the Mondays? Beat the blues with fresh, new art at Touchstone Gallery! Metro accessible: 9th & NY Ave NW. Stop by before happy hour!
Need to continue this run for a bit
Breath in the future, Breath out the past
Anyone else tired of politics regarding Obama and others for president? Or is it just me?
Ouch her tag's been demoted
Actually excited for the wedding
First day of work and I am EXHAUSTED.
you're both a mormon and a believer in 'Traditional' marriage.if elected how many first ladies do you plan on having?
Keep tweeting them on Wednesday!!!
Butter...you are a true friend however...you had me at 'unsalted'...
unbelievable past few days............so happy
San Francisco, I do not like your weather. I do not like it one little bit.
I know ;~; I went to SM Town NYC but I wanna see EXO so badly ;~;
Hellcats isn't ending for good is it?!?!?!
Baby you and I. :)
Finally preordered 's new album! So stokd to get it in the mail!
RT Drop in minority voter registration a prob4 Pres Obama? says no... "you'll see minority vote going strong"
In every audition my intention is to have fun, have faith, and surrender. I love what I do and I do it with ease.
RT if twitter is your venue to experiment with the feeling of career suicide
Would like to welcome you to our fine state!
try this web site called rap genius
hahahaha! What's up Phil! We SHUT-DOWN the.....
RT : "if we blog/Facebook/YouTube/tweet, they might criticize us in public view!" Schools are afraid to engage w/ own communities
Thanks! Have you got tix yet to Terror Town? Text 'Terror' to 99000 for 1 free kids pass. Hope to see you here!
I'm super tired
Fist of fury
off to sleep*
Downtown Disney:)
Listening to David Beckwith's classic "The Unpokable Failwhale of Love". Needs cowbell.
Some of us are far more concerned with our reputation than our character. The latter takes care of the former.
sorry. Evenings get nuts so I disappear
haha but I'm already ahead! :D
hot song on Leno
happy Easter live! For sure we do
Big sigh.
Wow...Detachment is a phenomenal movie.
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks for putting an empty box of cereal back in the cabinet. Now I can have disappointment for breakfast. -______-
Bout to have so much money for graduation
Lessons I was taught seem quick to fade.
In-laws moving in near our house today... Cool that entire fam is now together... I love it when a plan comes together!
Property Management Classroom all day.
in a dispute with soneone who says #me3 doesnt have an ending.. i say it does. I feel i win
lol he always be looking at me in s.s. like every two seconds hahah. But yes. I'm finally passing.
Aye we got a good thingq dont know if i'ma see you again, But is that a good thing cause girl i cant be your man, no m'am
Where's my EASY button when I need it?
i like my beats fast and my bass down low.
When document management systems are employed the cost savings become exponential as the accuracy flows through all aspects of your company.
We plan on leading by example - going out there & getting our hands dirty with community service & charity work
Long day....good night!
The Android market is now known as Google Play.
What will and the rest of the will say tomorrow????...SPURS!!!!!!!
When Your Friend Is Clearly Going After Your Ex Like You Had No History Before
I became somebody through loving you... #anthony hamilton
We assumed yes, so you're all set! :)
was this u? Police: Northbrook woman, 24, found naked in car with boy, 15 trib.in/oZRB4g
Yay my bestie is on twitter!! Welcome honey!!
76ers vs. Celtics in Game 1 of the Eastern Conference Semifinals! Who Do You Got?
It's gonna be badass :D Hopefully we don't have to come back that night. It'll kill it :b
Sarah Michelle Gellar = classy. fav look so far
Friend chicken. Hm.
I used to love summer, but then I realized that the summer can be at any time of year, would have the money ... Now I love money))
nice and personal interview!:-)
We booked a lot of vacations for our members for Valentine's Day this year
oh, for the 1 mile. I'll be there with team :)
“: well aren't you just adorable (:” yeah he is back off (; hahaha
Love my new job but there is a lot of downtime. Any suggestions for blogs to read?
Frank, next question is all yours.
Drink some SPORTea :) It will build endurance
that's more like it.
I agree!
#ThingsThatILike honesty... yeah i said it
Where can I get a cheap haircut in Stockton that won't leave me looking like a 5 year old cut my hair?
God Favors me!!
When a boy becomes a man and marries his obligation is no longer to his mother but to his wife!!!
thanks sir! Glad you dig the new vibe!
Bed will be great tonight
Now know how to successfully locate the key codes on a 1970-71 Volkswagen Beetle.
Second part of my cha-cha practice. I'll just say twirls, twists and splits are involved. Pray for me :)
RT The good news is now that he's in media capitol of the world Tebowmania can finally get the coverage it deserves.
i went and saw the bully movie and this made me go and take a stand im trying to get a club in my school
no problem, same to you!
I thought that was odd!
We distract ourselves from our pain, escape it, and numb it, only to always live in it and running from it. Heal the pain by loving yourself
Tomorrow, 5/10/12, is 's birthday. He shares the same birthday as my cousin Tony,
AMEN, brother.
ditto baby gurl!
I get so nauseous at night.. -_-
"You miss 100% of the shots you never take." -Wayne Gretzky
and they'll find a way no matter what! they will listen more if we control less & let them choose.Me learning.Me trying lol
What makes a glow worm glow ?A light meal !
Follow me on instagram- hope1love2peace3- I follow back!
Let's get this race going! I've got a soccer game tonight and I really want this race to be over by then!
Just have to get through today ... No school tomorrow ! Whoop whoop (:
Don't forget to vote in the DC primary elections!
To clarify on the errors, only Places 1.2 should be experiencing problems.
AND he commented on the blog post, too, or at least it LOOKS like he did. And now I feel like the d-bag. But anyway.
For my honors thing at Western, I get to do semester abroad, so I have to come up with an excuse to why I HAVE to go and study in England!
Ha Ha so awesome RT : told the wife that alcohol is not cool with #whole30, with a can of condensed milk in hand...
Thanks for the laughs. You helped make a shitty week a little less shitty.
There were 143 episodes of Saved By The Bell: The New Class. Let that sink in for a minute.
One more day to go! Get your 80's outfits together for tomorrow!! www.socialimpactinc.org
I'm leeroy who leeroy Roy !!!
Jammin out to the new Urrsshherrrr song
well, I guess I'll have to give it a listen...although I have not listened to any of their music in years...
Rudy Gay
Yes, I subliminally forced you to exclude it. You're completely under my control.
is there anything sexier than a girl that knows how to dance?? love to watch them hips move
Nice. I was ice fishing on Otter Tail last month. Nothing better than fresh caught walleye. Enjoy the best of Minnesota.
was just curious what they did with all the rest of the fabric that never made it to ur dress -:)
Let me give your heart a break.
An entire world of people trying to prove their wisdom, nobody cares.
cruising around to some old school atmosphere jams
are you ttalking about me ?
Applaud for today's launch of a nationwide campaign urging legislators to reform, repeal, or defeat Shoot First laws
37k feet... hoping this plane lands soon. gotta get this day started.
back to work.
#ABA update: #Amara defense perspective "agree that" they didn't achieve slam dunk on #ERISA 502(a)(3)
touché and Amen!
yum... the first thing that pops up on my page today was could it be November already?!
ok I just sent some
Ho-Ho-Kus, a small town in New Jersey, is the only town in the United States of America that has two dashes in i
crazy busy, but really good. love the area. things good down in the 757?
Learned about a new change mgmt model from Andrea Zintz PhD
RT : Take care of me and I'll take care of us!
Happy Easter
Scott Simon, it would take 15 to 20 years for #govt to exit
#royals got jobbed there on the final out. Classic Royals luck.
Follow us, or
The Berenstein Bears and The Trouble With the Bloods
Catching up... I found you when you mentioned Seattle I think. And your band looks cool!
Haha so when is the kibitzing happening again ? Also hope saturday's shows went well!
Yea but dont get me wrong they are a rise young team like OKC 2years ago but I think they"ll make it next year
When you need to plan a PARTY, be sure to give us a call! We'll make it unforgettable!!! 405-670-3600
4 hour S'n'S meeting
thanks for sharing, Kate!
uh i hate drama so lets not start it ! :)
really its #BetterWithEmmy. What a tribute. Thanks, Emmy. I'm missing you already.
Nope, no Babic in our portfolio currently, although we have a terrific wine called Babica. Enjoy!
One final fight, for this tonight.
When A Random Guy Asks Me For My Number!!
it was nice finally meeting you tonight! :) haha remember you always make me cry of laughter (: lol.
Tonight's "9/11 Remembered" program is canceled due to #sdblackout. Will try to reschedule.
oh swaggie! and im about to upload my teen hoot video!
#ABirdoftheAir was born from Joe Coomer’s best-selling book The Loop. What is your favorite book that you’d like to see turned into a film?
“: I <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> VINCENT THARPE AND KENOSIS! ”//LOVE YOU TOO SIS!!!
“: thank you, Dex!”You're welcome! Take care!
Praying for the biggest comeback ever...
Original song is 50/50 chance.
Emo Phillips~ I was the kid next doors imaginary friend.
90's playlist or 80's playlist is the question..... Tough one. $4 Carbombs, $3.50 cherry bombs and $2 Miller bottles 9pm to close. patio :)
Friday is the last night for Ghoulish Garfield! Enjoy games, crafts, hayrides($3) & the haunted conservatory($1). 6-9pm.
i almost just flipped the fuck out
Come in today for a therapeutic massage to get you through the rest of the week. Go to www.massagedc.com for your $10 off coupon.
I would love to have a conversation :)
I'm on board. There's an event posted in ALAConnect now too.
#Girls .. never let a "man" tlk you down .. cauuse a real man wouldn't
MY BOY DJ WARLOCK GRADUATION TODAY!!! GOIN ND ShOW SUPPORT, CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL OF 2011 GRADUATING CLASS!!
Hahaha! Google's amazing.
Doesn't this clarpet just tie the room together?
My pin....is.....2956E986
Did you know that Tasseography is the art of reading tea leaves to predict the future?
IM JEALOUS.
Is three better than two?
Fuck stupid bitch's im beyond ready to do me!!!!
Can you go to LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA
Icant believe they had free Slurpies at 711 yesterday. I really want one! D:
THAT'S HOW WE UNWIND!
I'm so blessed.
It’s time for a giveaway!
Today is going to be a good day. I can feel it in the air.
Don't look back by Karin FOSSUM #fridayreads another good Scananavian crime author
heaven isn't too far awayy
I thought it couldn't happen to me because I was young w/low BP. I never heard of HELLP.
Feel like shit... And not a single fuck shall be given by me today
Thank you! 'Energizing Indiana' helps you save
Tip #4 Go where the music is, or get stuck listening to bro's puke! has Element 13 and Cherry Pie starting at 5pm!
Casablanca Express has the best free vegas trips!!!!
My roommate's friend was being a dick, so I hid a frozen chicken wing in his coat pocket.
Getting off early and buying a new bed finally!!
Have you voted "YES"? Tell the world it's time for #OneUnion!
Our website host is down.. Im working on getting the site back up asap. Sorry for the inconvenience.
Woman who shot us the finger during the Madonna concert is an asshole. No long convos, meds or therapy required. She's an ass. Questions?
We know, sweetie. RT OMG, I love Dick!
Fumble fumble fumble...
They're are no more fish left in the sea.
Go follow ,she's 's best friend :P
Just finished washing my girlfriends car!
If I focus on my why, I will be more focused on how.
snow skis
“: what up”hey
o well u could hav me we thought u missed the bus
woah!! 's following you?? OMAG!!!! Your so lucky! I would scream if she followed me! Haha:')
what style beats do you like most?
You are welcome! :)
One month til graduation? Alright, fine, I'll start on my 4 final papers ranging from 10 to 20 pages now.
Tomorrow is the last day before school, after tomorrow R.I.P. Summer</3 you will be missed, Not looking forward to going back to school.
#ihatewhen the most ghetto person of all says "that's ghetto".
#free stuff. 2:45-3 pm. Take what you can grab in the last 15 min of the south side presby rummage sale. 20th & Sarah sts.
#YBPartyCampaign2012 Coming Soon. #Denver #Phoenix #Las Vegas
Perry's debate skills have noticeably in these past two debates. Gotta hand it to the man - too bad it's too late.
Crush wishes you a very Happy Hanukkah !!!
Blasting PYHU around the house cause YOLO
Ya don't have to get all dirty about it!!
Yep. SF is great and the transportation infrastructure is even better!
-Happy Birth Day!
Gym & for lunch! Excellent start to the day
I don't mind spending everyday, out on the corner in the pouring rain.
The app or the sock monkey?
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
I just won tickets to see Bostitch + Fussible, Ana Tijoux, and Los Amigos Invisibles. Gracias I love being a member!
Yes GoldenLady :) this is her day. (I feel her presence so strong on this day.) You are always with us. We love you.
The DOEd study mentions the lack of k-12 research
mmhhmmm. Fancy homework checking! :-p
I passed my license exam! Haha, free from study today!
More on the last RT - My disagreement stemmed from being so used to the many workarounds I practice so often.
I love that idea. Thank you. :)
Seriously. Who checks a blog that hasn't been touched in seven months to see if the author has come back? Those must be some readers.
In the true spirit of the Dalai Lama, I am cramming my entire reading of his book Art of Happiness into the last two days before book club.
": Tweet Me you're Name for a "Dear______" <33"Emily
hey you! How have you been? Ain't seem you since Christmas. Smh
Shallow is more accurate. RT : #I'm on my snob
genius peppermint mocha idea.. Other topic #inquiringminds what projects are focused on presently?
please tell me we are not talking about flowers and trees..
I would really, really love to meet , just because I have so much to thank him for.
sounds like the opening scene from some really bad horror film
Still i drive these horses thru the rain and snow this high speed rodeo is all i know
Do you mean handed to you like the Jets handed it to the Patriots?
HUGE win for the #Packers. Nicely done.
Sounds like an interesting forum!!!
Wouldn't you be better off from taking calories from the end of your day instead of the beginning?
I totally need to do that!
2 more days without basketball....is this the universe's way of making sure I do some homework?
Yea I'm getting it in tonight!! (:
SUNDAY!!!!!!!!!!! some music work to do and also a little filming for music video
Loving the Friday sunshine, but wishing it could be seen in CA at Coachella instead of in NY at my office
"African Union cannot allow a military government....the Mali regime has to be suspended"- Ambassador Ali on sanctions for Mali
but overall I do believe it was great.
Boron BOOM give me all 34 of those words with friends points
what are you going to get ?
like that lol
the plan was going at it alone lol that's my me time. Somebody always need something
I love how we use abbreviations for everything. "hey did you call KG, then we'll go to TB." lol
all the blame when things aren't going well and none of the credit when they are
so jealous!
Compiling subscribers to our offers. Deadline today (may extend some!)
Jeez that is ridic RT : Osweiler said Jack Elway, John's son, was one of his closest friends at ASU.
A little smile, A word of cheer, A bit of love from someone near, a little gift from one held dear, Best wishes for the coming year!
I'm thinking what I got to do tmw
You can keep your small life in a big city. Gimme a big life in a small town
The Bell's Rich Jones will be talking with Ken Clark about key education bills on Sat at 2:35 pm. Tune in.
normally I am in a decent mood in the mornings...but not this morning i did not get a wink of sleep last night
Is it week?
Hot guy
Damn...I hope she okay,headed to herman #I'mByYoSide
Just attended great #BC2.0 free webinar with Mike Kramer. If you coach, check out the LinkedIn group and many free resources
I wonder if america could elect an hiv positive president
If I were describing the peculiarities of 's poetics (i.e. ubiquity of SunChips) what is the adjectival form? Bogostian? Bogostive?
yea I'm hollywood in the eastcoast lol
you want
Loved Just Kids. It’s the reason I bought Illuminations.
Great meeting & touring today with Pastor Wayne and Pastor Steve. Amazing hospitality! "Oh The Places You Will Go & Grow!"
Come watch the High Point Christian School Christmas Pageant tonight at 7p!! (Pre-school goes on stage at 6 and the prelude begins at 6:30p)
Great week, lots of birthday fun. First relaxed weekend for a long time.
somebody tell my these old peeps at my apartment to go live in the country lol thats where u its ok to sing "take me home"
RT: Its fine, whatevs. I got to spend my whole commute trying not to die by metrobusses gone rogue
College is actually near me. Maybe they can help.
Things certainly feel less fatalistic with De Aza than they did with Pierre and the other CF bums
When are you going to Cape Town? Great food, great culture, great stories! Gotta check out what Luke Dale-Roberts is doing
one week from tomorrow i'll be swimming with dolphins #cantwait !!!!
- ok cooly & when you go in?
Cassie pulled the trigger
the pictures alone are priceless :D
Hair is gone, I am now the proud owner of a curly bob - kabob?
so make the best out of today because tomorrow not promised!
TACO TUESDAY -- Come join us! $2 specialty tacos and $3 Dos XX draft beers.
Congratulations ! Its Supportive Services for Veterans and Families program recently received a $784,000 grant from
Wat a long irritatin day today was...
i think i just died a little bit hahahaa
okay haha I was going to ask u anyways I just have to keep bugging my dad. Where did u go to get yours done?
RT : great presentation! thx for the pie charts & cookies! I LIKE PIE!
I'll tell him. But seriously, I enjoy reading about the Bees - thanks for the coverage. I'll say hello sometime when I'm in UT.
undertaker not retiring that is GREAT NEWS ABSOLUTELY AWESOME
i hate losing close games.
Don't let haters disguised as friends ruin your good thing
BTW, if DDOT didn't tell you, H-street is closed near PA Ave for World Bank/IMF Expo this week. Plan commute accordingly. ;)
RIP Levon Helm. You can finally take a load off. Thank you for sharing your gifts.
OUCH! Mortgage bond pricing plummeting like a rock -->> upward pressure on mortgage rates today. Treasuries auction should be interesting
Hope you had an awesome evening yesterday! “: me too! You guys were a blast.”
RT : y'all are next to get drafted.
Tenacious D is too funny!
The IT department must have refurbished old computer and gave it to me....sounds like a jet engine getting ready for take off
we can't wait to open Brian!
Bitches on my Jock
Dinner w/ and fam tomorrow night. That means amazing food, wine and conversation and probably some photo viewing.
your pretty! #NoHomo lol omg your #TeamChicago also...that's my city!
Word, probably Sat!
In the lab with trying to keep up... Some of these young cats are DOPE!
march 5th I will be 16 :D
Not only does #Wisconsin football coach have time management issues, so does the Kohl Center apparently
Leaders/bosess/coaches/business owners-greet ur team w/the enthusiasm & energy u would give a long lost friend.
": "Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are." ~Marianne Williamson"
Congratulations on the hiring of Todd Gray as your new #CFO, announced in bit.ly/zAOQE1
Yay! I know you had so much fun, can't wait to see!
About to depart. Good bye, San Francisco! See you in a bit!
Have fun!!
like hell freezing over? Lol
“: I have to admit, watching the Rox right now is painful. They r better then this” Yea, pretty disappointing.
yes she did .. Smh
Hilarious picture of the team on the front of the Star today!!! Finally, on the front page!!!
you would have never known if it wasn't for me
My hole nite just went to shit now I'm just waiting om my talk with my baby be4 I lay my head down
Not sure why more students comp classes aren't using Google docs. Latest upgrades are great, esp. to presentations.
I may fall in love, too. Who knows? Don't tell
If twitter uses RSS, it is so under the hood its invisible; RE: If RSS is dead/overrated, why R U both using it NOW via Twitter? :)
hey Mattie what you up too? You in sac?
lmao, wow you would know that (x
NYC bound - Anyone know if my street in Brooklyn Heights has been plowed? Debating whether it's even worth taking a cab. DM or text me, pls
Woke up from my nap to people on AGT sticking needles through their faces..
shit im in the studio right now with this sickness still knocking out features & songs.
same people who went to ben and jerry's next to Bevs
hey fuck off sir!
Where is Ya Shoot?
Not Going To school Today, Hah.
Nice! Hope your holidays were good!
the fact that one even has to consider that in 2012 is unbelievable.
Lastnight was like watching the superbowl, lets go RAVENS
I will be leaving it at the laundromat! Will email you detailed instructions!! :)
Oh, my bad, I took a useful language. (;
cool to what?
Bout to throw some shit on and get this day over with.
Chris Jericho brings back his old jacket. Strange move. Both are awesome, though.
I miss Mr. Soos's corny rap, " The Burger Flip". :)
You're grandmas bitch now! Butters episode on southpark rule!
I returned to Mr. Lincoln with his palmetto tree, but no hope for peace. I relayed my full report to him and spoke of Hurlbut.
no- YAY for me! Can't believe you tweeted me back- not a big tweeter! Made my week! Ah- the little things :)
And thus yet another empire crumbles, due to dietary restrictions.
Hey You see the game last night?
alright its the thing with the nob and you turn it and walk through it just dont let it hit you on the way out
Ahah thanks. :'3 Don't worry. You weren't the only one who thought it was real. lol
I've had over 100 bday wishes today on social sites, texts, calls & in person. 1 meant more to me than the rest. It brought a genuine smile
Few more days of the Legislature- we will be watching the unemployment insurance bill closely.
i dont think so. i think theyre either partying or have no sleep schedule like every student here. haha
yeah, i figured, how about your favorite cereal brands.
Gettin my hair twisted watchin friday
Passover day 2 and then early fast bike ride in the AM on Sunday.
Welcome to our #Museum Family: and !
Breckenridge has fresh powder, slopes are open! Dreaming about a winter wonderland...swosh
my head feels like it's gonna explode, my nose is running, and i have a sore throat. this does not mix well with 3 hour practice tomorrow.:/
. Agree that unemployment is awful! This is why you should disclose how many jobs you eliminated while you ran Bain Capital.
The last thing we need is bird shit all over the place
I want a TShirt that has Dredds Fist coming out of it that says "Gaze into the Fist of Dredd!"
#wordoftheday When my boss holds meetings, it's more of a spruik than an open-ended discussion. - Luke
i am right now
": im freakin hungry and SOMEONE is going to feel my anger SOON" Aye woosahh mama!
enjoying new space opera from James S. A. Corey (pseud of Daniel Abraham & Ty Franck - asst to George R R Martin) LEVIATHAN WAKES
disappointment for Maccabi and their fans. How many times was Tal Burstein fouled in the last 5 secs? I counted 4
text me baby mamaass. Not everyone needs to know our baby mama drama.
Yep, gotta do that next
30-Year Mortgage Rate Continues Fall, At 3.77%
too cynical of me to worry that $ incentives can lead to rampant abuse? & does it help growing prob of refusing medicaid patients?
Congrats on your movie going to DVD! Exciting stuff!
Something needs to be said for not only the fact that the pens are down 0-2 on home ice, but they blew leads both times.
So Tinkler pulls the plug on Jets. Something is seriously wrong here - either rich owners are bad for clubs or FFA have issues. Or both :(
Ready for my classes to not be a billion degrees.
Kodak and Samsung announce a strategic alliance. I wonder who's going to pull who down faster.
Hoteliers voted to make someone else pay for something that will make them richer. 92 percent seems about right.
Ugh, thanks for the mike check re: live presser
I thought you might like to see what you are missing...this is a "Hill City Hot", come try one tomorrow...you will never be the same again!
Check out my girls in June 2011 ALLURE mag! The only organic tanning salon in the nation to receive 5 out of 5 stars!!!!
nothin too exciting yet
I hate it when boys give you mixed messages. Just make up your mind already!
Remove that shit bitch
Merry Xmas to all my Friends and Family !!
I know RBI's are overrated, but for Adam LaRoche to have 25 when his team has a .316 OBP has to say something. Not sure what, but something.
Spoiler!!! Cabin in the Woods. Someone days by a Unicorn. I was kinda cool
He definitely needs to clarify his statement.
S/O to my big bro , representing the fam back home, ball out in the spring game tonight man. Know u will. Goodluck and God Bless
we need to get you a website!
For those of you that didn't want to buy the Full-blown "Google+ Attack Plan" product (ebook, videos, 52 action plan and cheat sheets)...
he does like to take a bath in that stuff
welcome to twitter incan king. hope that cud is treating you well.
how's the trip?
Driving in New Mexico is like driving in circles!!!
"is this chili sauce locally sourced?" is a thing i just wondered.
More Sports
Was it the relentless 2nd person POV that did you in? Or the inexhaustible emotional drama you knew was coming?
hoping the same for you ma
At #Capital Brewery in Middleton talking about environmentally friendly
What happened to the original?
36 more days!
Traveling is enjoyable because it reminds me how small I really am
how can i move on when im still in love with you?
Patience and Compassion are a dog trainer's best tools
Need to find some motivation today...
haha true that. You Feeneys really now how to party, that's for sure. And of course he is, its hard to go to Cal and not be haha
Gotta take exams today. Wish me luck!
A pavillion of animatronic performers, of course, SPG style. All keyed into the same self-aware Babbage engine puppet-master.
Writing writing writing
There were verbs everywhere. It was gross.
RT : We all have ability. The difference is how we use it. —Stevie Wonder
I don't mean to put my hands on them, really, they are not commodities. But Octavio Dotel smooched me!
Gym time- starting off the day right!
Oh my, Ty! Lawson lighting up the #Lakers. Keep up the energy #Nuggets!
how are you doing
Sleep is gonna be so good tonight on my white on white bed sheets!
Just landedin new jersey....next stop new delhi
good to know. Way to show up today. I'm sitting alone like Steven Fucking Glandsberg looking at
Hey look at being kick butt - thanks! :)
I love Hollywood Girls Night on TV Guide Network!
That's not an upgrade. That's a #lifestatus upgrade.
Just tapped Rougue Dead Guy Ale
I am NOT a whore !
Publix has nice stores, I have toured a number of them before we (Total Wine & More) first opened wine stores in Florida
Didn't Donnie Darko also take place in VA? Same director. Why did he spare them the moron accents then but impose them now?
thank for the twitter follow!
10 days until Christmas and 17 days until 2012.
#BidenReplacements Bust of Churchill
I am becoming more convinced every day that the hokey pokey may actually be what it is all about
Sometimes you have to admit you're wrong. I always apologize and this time..I'm right and you're wrong.
Ditto!! " sweet; i'll see you there! that's the best news ever!
Getting ready to hit the road shortly & looking forward to all the new friends & fans we'll be meeting!! See you tonight, #Princeton,
really really funny, really really perfect, really really precise. Thank you.
Just seen theres a new "dark knight" movie droppin this summer... IM HYPE!
Heading to ASU's bookstore for a meeting with a buyer, possibly merchandising FANSHOES!
Why not bring home a lovely t-shirt for the holidays?
Family dinner with cousins from Florida, take me with yooouuu :'(
And she still SWOLLEN !!
do they still sell beepers. suddenly they are making sense to me.
You're welcome
Coconut water goes well with ANYTHING
Why Google And Facebook May Disappear In Five Years
OKC ordered a 30 piece witta green bean and a yam!
Awesome, thanks! “: How were those Olde Glory Farms fresh eggs?”
I use Greenough Consulting for bookkeeping, they are pretty pro
mashing words together since 1992
Writing History In The Makin "There She Go" B.E.T. Num 1
#avonvolleyball2011 needs to have a reunion every month just so I can see everyone. The banquet was awesome! I luv u guys and will miss u
<U+FFFD>You are only as good as your IT connections when it comes to search engine optimization in a large organization
Brandon Watson
Comic Thunder & A.C.E.S. FOR KIDS are excited about the new venues in L.A. and Vegas more details to come, going to be some great shows!
to the one that calls me at 3:30 in the morning four times and hangs up... your a bitch! sincerely me
#SomeFactsYouShouldKnow i absolutely LOVE hugs..and being tickled..but shhh that's a secret.
Good times last night
that would be fun. Oddly, I am trying to pay them and they won't let me. I'll just let it go. Eventually, they'll call me.
Love you Stanky Franky! I'm just drunk tweeting is all. Kicking off my bday the right way!
A vigorous five-mile walk will do more good for an unhappy but otherwise healthy adult than all the medicine and psychology in the world.
thanks for following me! :D your super talented and thank you for serving our country! :)
Just heard the song from Flashdance and missed my friend
Client's new Web site looks fantastic!
yes it is and was
Bo!! Ill be painting with local artists on the mall! RT : This weekend will be cool, breezy, somewhat gray.
just checked out the Brickhouse kettle bell youtube work out. Love me some Kettle Bells!
so true. i got it but hose in furnace room freezes. have to unthaw until i can turn it bk on. #monkeyjackin lol
I really hate those phases where I can't sit still long enough to listen to some music.
She's adorable! Nice work!
welcome to my 13 new members i got today yeah!!!
What's most important to you? Always remember $ cannot buy you happiness. Make sure your setting the right priorities in life.
I was attacked by a swarm of white vampire bats near Hualtuco. I don't think I'll ever get to say something like that again...
After Edmonton, who`s gonna be the next #NHL team full of top picks/prospects that everyone wants to trade for?
Thank you to everyone who has supported FHF this year. We truly appreciate you.
That was some awesome sleep. Yaya
davelakhani:The more precise your communication the more predictable your results.
thanks so much for coming coach. Means a lot!
Sorry Rena...I thought Betty White in the commercial was much more enjoyable!
Trader Joe's is going to be by the Target on 128th & Bluemound. Wal-Mart grocery is by Target on 124th & Capitol.
RT #OccupyDePaul Historically DePaul was school for Working class. Past tuition raises met with protests.
You know you're lost in the world when you have no idea about avengers. I should start watching tv.
I'll be starting college fresh.. No best friends, no lesbian, no club to promote, no club officer position. Fresh..
that means Ed sat in his dressing room before the Seattle show and built the space needle out of legos bless his soul bless bless bless
Q: To what extent is the world already following the American privatization example? I'm from the British system and I see that happening.
That head butting yogurt commercial was the best - just saw it again - she knocked him out of his shoes!
Weird. Failing on Chrome, even with cache flush, but works on Firefox. Thanks,
Happy Birthday
writing a blog post about normal people who were at one time obsessed with x-files (like myself). have any interest in sharing your story?
Rahm: Also, living longer. Increase retirement age. Must introduce choice to align w/private sector & attract best talent. 401ks!
I love the late night twitter crowd.
hey I totally watched my first episode of big time rush today in your honor :)
Curt Schilling looks totally strung out on Baseball Tonight right now. Wrinkled shirt, dandruff on his jacket, yelling senselessness.
Nice! We predict there are exactly 9 more weekends left to get all sandy :)
Happy Birthday! I played #Who'stheBoss theme on my laptop in your honor. Yes I'm that geeky.
FUN night!Played Bumper cars,roller skating,lazer tag,and much more tonight with my church youth group! Had funn :)
Woah, Drew. That's no good. Shoot us an email to and we'll see what we can do to help.
sometime after school ends for the day, cause most schools are starting this week or next.=/
I miss setting up the little glass balls and lights before each show back in the day.
- I don't go crazy going into every detail about a car. It just needs to get you from point A to point B.
nope I'm off today....y Wats up??
Live in San Francisco? Want to do something Good? Donate your unwanted items to Thrift Store and support arts education!
Thanks for following! Loving your tunes on ReverbNation.
Its funny how people complain about sleeping alone. I've been sleeping alone since I was a baby, just stfu xD
The Wisdom of God is the ability to put knowledge to work for the right results. You might still know everything, but understand nothing
I understand lol yeah this creeping back by LA sucks!
I'm proud to live in a fly over state. <U+2600>
Jason, glad you enjoy the letters. Jack Shepherd's view of his fellow expats has evolved over time, as have most of ours.
well i only care for one.
We will bring the edibles!!
I got you.
Surrounded by about 10 firework shows. Happy 4th!
Just landed back in new York :)
I wish that you were here, or that I was there. Or that we were together, anywhere.
Wow this is emotional seriously...........
RT : you got a raise today! The gov cut the Social Security payroll tax paid by individuals from 6.2% to 4.2%.
Happy Holidays from your friends at On Call Restaurant Accounting!
Thank you! Can an organization blush? If so, we are.
its cool
Disliked #Kony and #childsoldiering before it was cool. Awareness is good only if it leads to action. #truth->#power->#action->
Have you checked out our website lately to see the new classes this holiday season? New classes and camps!
Congrats Paul! Syndication to NC in new deal?
There's not enough gratitude to match the love & work of a mother. I applaud you & give God praise for all that you do. Happy Mother's Day!
I saw a really cute gay couple in the mall yesterday. They were holding hands smiling and laughing not givin a damn what people thought.
Great discussion tonight about the #TrayvonMartin case. Keep the dialogue going.
I delete people (from FB) who are for Obama and who are blind to his most recent vote pandering stance on gay marriage.
ill be ordering a #SALTY shirt tomorrow;)
goodwife texts me this morning, all caps: "I AM DAENERYS STORMBORN OF HOUSE TARGAERYN." Should this be cause for alarm (Y/N)?
hahahaha RT : "The Stadium that Losers Built." Well, to be fair, it also a stadium that losers would play in.
“C'est le ton qui fait la chanson.” - It's the tone that makes the song, (or It’s not what you say but how you say it.)
It's always a dance party ! Groovin with + friends to and tunes. Sweat box for real.
In summer's forest ~ ancient trees ~ consider the stars
Party Mix for the Crockpot Whenever I know the kids will be bringing friends home after school, I make this Crockpot party mix recipe . I
Heard about the debate forum at Ivy Tech, good for the district!
boys need to treat girls better now.
Good night loves! Sweet dreams! 6 days and counting until our Coming Out Party!
I think we know who the real pioneer is... YOU! An inspitation for all of us!
He's only seven so I don't think we are quite ready for HP. But we will be before too long. I need something interim.
Good luck today Go Wings!
Are the delegates getting a scolding right now?
“: Damn it feels good to be a gangsta. #NP” doesn't it though?
Gorilla Productions Get Gigs Get Beooked
yeah absolutely! I'll be at ; but introduce yourself on the meetup page and the guys will hack with you!
Decisions, decisions: I feel like playing #blackjack tonight but where? Maybe or Hmm
It's about a Japanese family that finds an alien frog who is hellbent on ruling the human race. It has a cooky Japanese Invader Zim vibe
I want something fun to do. I do have a bunch of free movie tickets.
i love you please notice me ?
Rooting for hon. You are my fave, and have my vote any day. Keep your beautiful spirit shinning. Love u and am proud of u.
Change happens in the boiler room of our emotions... so find out how to light their fires. ~Jeff Dewar
RT : Hi, Everyone! There are some big changes coming here at Tandem. Follow us at our new Twitter account!
I don't like managed code but Microsoft has become somewhat open minded lately so I like them.
Do you have a little Captian in you? Wednesday<U+2192> $15.50 Captain Morgan Pitchers *Center City SipsSpecials Beginning June 6th! HAPPY HOUR T...
It's back! sponsors Juice 2 at Bossa Nova, June 3rd. Starts at 5:30...see you there!
I'm not lol
You guys sound like our kind of crew! Glad to be following you!
Your kids and mine and David Duchovny's kids can have playdates.
Happy to "meet" you here on Twitter
Gilly is the worst. Why all the elbow bullshit?
#operationfindnextgf She has to love Kevin Hart or think he is funny
I'm at home chillin. Just got off work
Follow team that's up incoming shoe brand that's going to be making history big time summer of 2012
Hell yeah ma. Really good seeing ya.
More $50. weekly winners from SPORT B-I-N-G-O! Week 11 winner – Shane Whittal, Week 12 winner – Nick Schnepf
Class at 11am, why am I still at the bar ..
shout out to this epic saauuwwwce
If Bo did that and it's wrong, fine, then he's wrong. I didn't say it was common. I said precedented.
Happy birthday Chanez!!! Tramponaline is really fond of their singer :)
yeah I'm definitely not sick of it yet :)
There was a flash mob christmas carol singing on the streetcar. I kept waiting for them to turn into wasp people.
**18K "cards" ...not that many entries... yet. :-) But yes, they are beautiful and have been well received!
yes ma'am, just trying to catch up on it. It's a little bit hilarious.
i can't wait to go shopping tomorrow.(:
Eric Church is a moron. Keith Urban, Miranda Lambert, Carrie Underwood & Blake Shelton aren't real artists? Go ahead &Dixie Chicks ur career
BOTH? THE FUCK
Welcome Adam — The year's new project here has in fact been learning to cook Indian food; and prowling Devon Ave. for ingredients!
Snow day! Family time has been canceled, now I can get down to some work
In need of a lazy day
Diamonds on my neck, call it the ghetto's guillotine.
Yeah me neither.... Then again I really don't give a fuck . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> cold.
did it in 2000 on my way back from Australia, 2 weeks. Auckland= big city. Milford, nice easy hiking plus boat trips on sound
We figured out the products page for BELOW THE BRIM's new lean site... Stay tuned
Best #h&m experience ever
I'd like a refund.
I might fuck up just to see if you give a fuck
This movie is crazy
I think it is very important to all #actors and #models to market themselves, even if they have an agent. I can teach you how
Today I will talk to as many strangers as possible... on the internet.
This weekend is going to be friggin hilarious to say the least lol
if you tell him i will legit strangle you and not let go until your coufing up blood . dont test me.
Let's go Badgers!!
I have super fucking bad heartburn.
Did she just thank Alice in chains?
OPMG will be the stock to watch this week!
yeah, please do. I've been looking for a way to mix up some of my favorite traditional recipes.
Everyone's Texting me today. WTF Why?!!!!
Today is a beautiful day. Have a great day everyone.
Can't decide who I'm more fee on or
Distancing yourself from certain people can be a good thing
Sorry I didn't met you at Bombeck conf. - loved your tips blog & saved your Junction post to read. I was Bobcat '82/83.
played ball and fell asleep
Giants parade tomorrow. Arm chair warriors, doofs and drunks parading on the streets of new york. Oh and the giants too. Whoppee. Not.
Get the dude on the left a helmet and some pads!
Let the quarterback controversy begin! #Browns RT : Cleve going Weeden
thx for follow ing me guys :)
you kno I am
thanks for coming out to #HighTech #HappyHour!
Since no one's following the rules anyway, there's really no rule to "break". Just DO it.” (referring to this) <U+E40A>
Better to be lucky than good
I wonder why the theory of Nicolas Cage being a vampire makes his sexiness factor more vivid to me? O.0.hmm. I'm such a strange, weird girl.
"And lo, on the third day, they returned to find the lid had been removed from the cookie jar!"
omg! Good luck! I created a 500 cal snack pack of beef jerky/almonds/dried apricots and that helps. Also, peanut butter...
Same Day Tote Bag Printing at NYC Printing 123. Customize your Tote Bags to match your style and personality!!! Call now!!!
Ozzie Guillen suspended 5 gms for Castro comments. Should be pretty awkward when Cubs' Starlin Castro is introduced in Ozzie's 1st gm back
#irene keeps getting down graded... are we even gonna get any rain?
she does fingers crossed it happens
GayJesus just ruined one of my most favorite songs. Theme song to the 'Jeffersons'. ASSHOLE!
I'm telling you it's a good idea. LOL
Happy mothers day to all the mothers that are following me!
Indeed! I finally got to meet , the Jason Bourne of ramen.
RT : You don't have to make decisions based just on your gut feelings!
What on earth brought you to PDL?
Thank God for good and strong homeboys! Black and Miles really just came thru and moved all my furniture for me! Love, Love, Love them!!! :)
May will be here before we know it. Looking forward to St. Thomas!!
Feels so good to sit down
Chicago Bands!! Open slots on May 26th!
to late
That's the general consensus I seem to be hearing...I am excited :D
Don't I know it!!!
“Do you know what my favorite part of the game is? The opportunity to play.”-Mike Singletary
Jack left town and left no forwarding address.
It's just like spongebob - mostly adult humor that kids would never ever get.
Time heals all things? How much time?
Christofer Drew is coming to vegas today <3 I wish I could see him again
Thank you! I'm sorry I couldn't stay but I've been youtubing your music! We will meet again :)
captain america margarita and a brew lol
"Oh Mary Pelle! You carry so much pain." "I carry a lot."
NFL Draft Rumors: 4 Possible Trades That Will Shake Up Round 1 - Bleacher Report
Jerry York might be a great coach/guy but I would like to see the underdog take this one. BC has enough. Give it to FS
Hanging with Dwight at the polls!
RT : Following-back isn't an obligation or courtesy, it's a choice. Be interesting and engaging, not demanding.
thanks to both of you
... Just give me a $10 hardback or a $5 eBook and I'm happy. They can't see that they are not only digging their own grave...
and my the way you look gorgeous in your avi! :)
Today at 4:30 pm in the Gate, First Floor Lounge-- You've Got a Friend in Me. FREE PIZZA!
I wish I was a better #Tweeter but I am Sofa King BUSY! #lovinlife HUGE Summer of #Events coming up! Stay with me and watch it grow!
I Feel So Close to You Right now
No doubt !!!!!!! Look on your package that the CD come in that's where you see the ###
Orioles have the best record in the MLB today... o, wa!
Give em' the ol'
I just saw your Out of Office - Feel better!
Dmv on Friday I have 3 openings call me at 702-882-6007 don't wait in line when the dmv can go to you
you were right, I started squealing as soon as started singing. They are amazing! My new love. <3
Professor Frink, Professor Frink He'll make you laugh, he'll make you think He likes to run, and then the thing with the...person...
How many of you famous Hollywood actors/actresses, & politicians, & professional athletes been inside an ET spaceship?
"I'm so excited to meet the new incoming freshman. I bet they'll be so mature and innocent" said nobody ever.
EXTRA hugs to you. Do you know how wonderful you are? I don't think so...it's part of your charm
A gorgeous 50F evening .... the fine print adds "feels like 37F"
#Teamfollowback is gonna get me to 460 followers before today over with
Lord I need your help
my customers name is Way Fong. believe it or not..hes wayy fun. lol. yea..
I'll be at the LA show. I was informed that Anton just asked for STREAM HELP. So cool
Depends on the course. Some, like River Place, have well maintained greens, good fairways. Others are rough in the winter.
This is my life for the rest of my life .
Because of that, I didn't have time to eat breakfast, and I had to stop and get gas, so I got gas station coffee (ick!) and mini donuts. 2/2
let's not put on a front for twitter.
Thinking it maybe time once again to really focus on Haskell for personal projects, never felt comfortably fluent there and would like to
train hard baby. ChestnTri's this morning for me.
“The man who views the world at 50 the same as he did at 20 has wasted 30 years of his life.” ~Muhammad Ali
I busted wynn poker mega in 27th. I'm going to Five Guys for some deliciously bad for you comfort food.
Like miss plain and boring? : At first I thought that was a putdown.
here at working cant wait to get the new mytouch lx
good things happen to you for a reason. So that you happen to others also.
jOHN- Lewis class ^_^
Listening to #boyfriend has become part of daily routine and watching #BOYFRIENDvideo will become part of it too!
Had a dentist appointment at 3. I was out of there by 3:07.
Absolutely!! It is going to be fascinating for sure. I'm personally drooling over the new custom shop guitars.
relaxing, and tonight going to champs in Brookfield, meeting up with some friends. And you?
Temple run.<3
The fourth R: algoRithms. at
Up at the ass crack of dawn for choir tour, of course
I know! I am so sorry that I started this... LOL!
If a desire exists, it can be manifested. I no longer get hung up on what is. My attitude lines up with what I want, not the absence of it.
Good morning "PAKALITES!" Go out of your way to do ONE thing for somebody else today! Watch how you.ll b blessed! Follow me! I know the way!
I have a form they fill out to assess where their business is and what their goals are then through talking
my birthday is on Saturday ^_<
I am excited about using twitter to build links to those who want to talk about youth, media, cities, india and more. Here I come!!
Thanks for the
They should all become Cowboy Fans!
Dexion has the most extensive range of office cabinets on the market.
I woke up today and wasn't in the mood to run a 400 billion dollar empire anymore - Steve jobs
Frankie Laine was also the first white artist to cross the color line to be on Nat Cole's ill-fated TV show.
how's the game going from your table
I'm asking him out for you soon!!!!
Here comes the eye or what's left of it.
your welcome hun! im glad you like it!!!!
Some of the worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts
RT : aw, cute, the anchor baby is worried about her mother who doesn't have "papers". "well, honey, your mommy is a lawbreaker"
Im MC Hammer about my money...You can't touch this
There's a cashier at our grocery that says, "May the good Lord bless you until He comes again" to EVERYONE. It's awkwardly long.
I would be the same way. It has been a long time since I had kids that young. *sob*
Oh geez. These follow limits on Twitter are bias as hell. I can only follow 2000?? Not cool...
Hello by Karmin is an unbelievably incredible song.
We're here at ready to speak with eager candidates!
Isn't it time to look at methods that have a chance of helping children in despair, rather than trying to use the ones proven questionable?
Stage 5 Clinger
Because I can't overdose on music.
are you coming out tonight?
3-4 with a sacrifice. 3 RBI's. Triple, double, and a single. We won 14 to 4.
I was with and
You were on the media list. It was the Butterfield Conversation.
i see what you did there
I believe the answer is You can't divide by 0!
Not knowing wtf they want until it too late
Finally! A #bollywood category on the verizon wireless ringtone genres
..the hell does it mean when she only text you some "hey sweetheart" shit once a day, everyday, with no more responses after that?
Happy Birthday!
Weren't they all?
When hovering near the ground, a phenomenon known as ground effect takes place.
lol idk then. Guess there'd be a problem then...
yes! D-Shirt idea right there.
Build a responsive site in a week: media queries (part 4)
surprised you didn't instagram that tweet
THE TILLMAN STORY: From the NFL to death by friendly fire-how one family wouldn't let their son become propaganda. Dir in person
Who created this page?
don't jinx it lol
Hoping to play at Orange Drive Miami Beach Music Festival 2012! Interested in attending?
I would say not at all. It's very neutral even more so than almonds in my opinion.
"Join the Debate" = fall for our linkbait hate-speech so we can get our ad revenues up.
sometimes you worry me Robby Bobby
. Last few guys coming outta GT been pretty damn good!! They seem to be producing big time WR threats
winningest is not either but the sports media would argue that winningest is American.
Norris the novelist?
Walked 15 blocks to make it. It will be so worth it. RT : #RHoK panel at #SXSW at 5PM in the AT&T Conference Center, Salon E.
“: Crying doesn't indicate that you're weak. Sometimes, it just means that you've been strong for too long.”
Season 10 of Night Court! Let's do this!
Hi, Betty, thanks for following
you probably know love rock as flaming damsel, we changed the name at the beginning of the year.
Margarita Madness is going on at The Harp Irish Pub tonight.. only $3 each! 113 E Juneau
Always go Big. Don't even think about going home....
FIFA or Calc homework.. tough decision
I'm proud of YOU! You and everyone else did such an amazing job! Can't wait to see it again <U+E415>
Just chatted w/ Naomi Pomeroy at Fuller's; I'm totally starstruck! And in love!
y'all ate having an easier day than me! But I can't complain about mila kunis and mark wahlberg.
Back in miami :) good weekend
Did You Kill Something And Put It In Your Pocket?
Going to the river to take my godson on his first boat ride. Gonna be a fun day!
hmm, Bacon RT Chicken or Egg???
I wish he did.. RT : If mayweather comes out to bieber's boyfriend imma lose it!!!
Pretty sure snuggle bunny is out cold. Work has been kicking his ass last couple of days.
Welcome! Talk to you soon...
who the fuck are you with?!
I just cried a little bit because is following me
Perfecto! Just had the Posole. Go get some before they sell out! Just the right heat to warm you up on these cold days :-)
Dear God, Thank you for this BEAUTIFUL life & forgive me for taking it for granted. Amen
kiss ass. x
I've been a jerk lately. i'm sorry. i love you all alot. i love making you all smile.
It looks like I'll be missing the party on May 21. Have fun !!!
that place rules! /via <-- it really does!!
The email registered to fitbit is unique & i've given it out to nobody else. Yet, I'm getting spam to it. Should I send them to you?
one of the only incentives for me to get out of bed in the morning
Congrats to the new Texas Int'l Queens: Mrs. TX Int'l-Rachel Hedstrom, Miss TX Int'l-Savannah Sowell & Miss Teen TX Int'l-Briana Daughtry!
Check out for live tweets of my talk in Newton this evening (although really you should be following JL Bell already).
Blake Griffin--ALMOST the same amount of dunking power as the Reignman. Nice to see him putting it on the Thunder.
love you<U+2764>
Huge welcome to Sarah Heilman, our new partner! Sarah comes to ELE with a wealth of editorial experience and an eye for great genre work.
come to phoenix please!!!
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
Gonna lay down my burden . . Inverse Delirium! (it scans and everything! try it!)
Don't go to until Saturday - it's closed thru Friday while work is done on the kitchen. New menu expected when it reopens.
#Familyreunion #drink choices require careful consideration. Cola's the norm. Don't forget caffeine-free/diet beverages.
I wanna sleep.
TRAFFIC: Crash - SB I39 just south of Portage - Ramp blocked at Hwy O.
i cant watch the #VMAs cuz my powers out... Lml... Ah
And it's mine!!! In August... Damn college kids coming back!!! Lol. It's a good day!
I need to practice more lol and plus I wanna go for my birthday haha
I was confused & about to ask you what was wrong with that phrase... familiar to me but that doesn't mean the grammar's correct.
Looking for a #retail #corporate #buying #merchandising #marketing #job I am fluent in 2 languages & flexible in traveling relocating
Anytime. Yours is the alternate spelling of my name that most often ends up on my Starbucks cup. I feel a solidarity somehow.
What is 'real' art? I prefer the cartoony over realistic stuff. If I wanted to see real stuff, i'd watch a movie.
they are adorable!!!
!!!RT : Difference between #Lakers fans and u other bandwagons is even if you loose we STILL gon rep MUTHAFUCKIN LAKERS BITCH!
How confusing! So, you're with two underscores...and you also "love uni...love life"?
Thanks for the follow miss.
I am currently now addicted to Camel Menthols. I love the taste when you pop the ball too
i just invited a bunch of people to #blackgrad2012 and realized i forgot some. i've been so blessed w/ community it doesn't even make sense
Chris Kreider is playing excellently tonight
RT if you are done with Christmas shopping
I want to say something but have no one to say it to, therefore Twitter will have to do
It's our pleasure! And thank you for all your support in our group as well :o)
#familyguy is the best
I think its safe to say there aren't enough days in the weekend.....take advantage and come chill poolside at The Fly!!
Thnxs 2 my new followers,,, and
that moment when someone you dont hate likes your confessions status but you dont want to be mean so you cant think of anything to say..
There's a tournament wrapping up somewhere today!
ew thats disgusting. don't even kid about that
and they are playing less then impressive too. It's going to be an interesting game I think. I expect Barca to smash.
That last tweet, a #ff, should have included , a wonderful educator and novelist.
I'd give up aannyytthhiinngg just to have you here again. i need to see your smile and hear your jokes.
Thanks SJ, we're happy to help! #StudyOn RT #studytime Thx for the resources. Great study app for iPhone!
I GOT LION KING TOO!!! (BOTH ON TAPE)
SESSIONS WITH A SLAMMA JAMMA DING DONG. AND THEN KOBE WITH A DOWNTOWN THREE
Oh, that wasn't a bug. It was a baby bat. Thank gawd
Started out hustlin ended up
Positive people encourage negative people.
In short, education should cater to meet the needs of the individual, not a standarized curriculum.
(Brian Smith) talked with Commissioner David Stern. His comments about possible nba return to #Seattle 930pm , 11pm KONG
so adorable!
Find The Bright White on Spotify!
Lol we are so bourgeois
I'm downloading chocolate factory again when I get off
Go B's
Workout... Jamba Juice... Church...
“: My sisters boyfriend >> . . . He is perfect for her and I actually like him!” this juss sounds gay Ryan lol sorry
has arrived in Omaha...get to tonight from 6-8pm or tomorrow 2-4pm free tastings
I never realized that about my blog's initials. They are unintentional, moderately embarassing, and totally awesome.
Ever want an inside look at MLB Advanced Media and the At-Bat app? Here it is!
How do I enter the raffle?
Tonight's discussion will be moderated by Jason Hardebeck () Tweet us your questions and comments!
I bet out there makinem look BAD
I'm beginning to wish I had... :( cc:
Go follow for me:)
Yes. yes you do
Having a Sam Adams across the street from where he was buried!
8/14 days left :D graduation/anniversary :)
Hey Bill. how have you been?
Happy Aloha Friday to you too!! Hope its the start of the a GREAT weekend!
We just stopped at the gas station and just said "do you have any almonds?" the lady said "the fuck is that?" wow hahaha
Ain't been in the streets in a minute but I might slide to #G5five to checkout
Congratulations to Tess Andrews of the Southeast Regional Library in Garner, NC! You are the winner of Big City Carpet Contest!
I'd forgotten about Genmaicha and now have to have some ASAP! Thanks for the reminder.
Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night! Wait...
did not see this coming..
Nice plug #Quiznos !
tennis bracelet? Who do you think we are, real estate agents? Try again.
We had every kind of processed, cured meats that we have now, such as bologna, hot dogs and ham
niggaz think they hot but they really not smh
same here good night.
I'm not righting it off until 10 December. After all, Sao Paulo and Dubai were surprises.
Totally agreeing!!(:
Thanks for an awesome night! So much talent in here. We had a great time!
Front Desk Friday: Writing grant proposal 4 UV blocking film 4 some of doors and windows. Baked docent not a gr8 1st impression 4 visitors.
#NP - Musical Youth - Pass The Dutchie - YES!!!!!
there's not enough coffee in the world to wake me up today...it's one of those days.
I just got twitterpated.
She didnt remember. 2 hours of my life i wont get back. Atleast i saw channing tatums ass
Thank you for happiness ! RT : Hey hey hey, it's #WienerWednesday! Come in and get ANY dog for $5!
Trying hard to get it all ready for 2012.
thank you for sharing. This is an amazing article.
Oh God, food poisoning. I think I see the white light.
Truths I've learned on Twitter: Don't mess with Texas...Or Packers fans.
Happy Leap Day Year!
Blame It On The Rain<3
It was just a "Hey!" As in hello. Hola. Sua s'dei. Salut. Sain baina uu? That's all. Hope things are swell in Minnesota.
Lmfaoo you mad
O I love my Mamma's...
They R the sentimental favorite! #Jabs :) RT : I'm not even in MN & I know it's all #jabs team,
Spray tanning is recommended by the American Academy of Dermatologists!
Hitachi 2TB Touro Desk Pro Desktop Hard Drive - hitachi
CFA 07 is June 30. More details will soon be posted. But, in the meantime, how are you gearing u for the big show?
did you drop the android version yet? Can't find it. #killingmesmalls :)
("Better knowledge than ignorance!") Couldn't agree more!
First standing ovations ever (for me!) at the Oslo National Academy of the Arts production pf fassbinder's "garbage the city and death" J
From Chicago!
any idea for cause of accident ?
Day two in NYC, scheduled visits done. Conference time. Time to network and meet some new peeps!
wondering if I should update to iOS 5.1?
Best part about camping
All I want is a text from him saying how much he misses and loves me ...</3
We miss you & would love to see you again!
megan good wit a video full of white girls makes no sense dont be a rapper all yo life
have you been to any of those places before? will you be kid free?
So, Baby Aziz ain't happening?
But always remember this: Jobs was the head of the world's richest company two months before he died. His money couldn't save him.
what kind of wings did you have from #pdx Fire on the Mountain?
that's the Paula Deen. Guaranteed to make u insulin dependent.
95% of the people rooting for OKC are #LAKER HATERS and I'm PROUD to be apart of the 95%...
Thanks! I was wondering about that ;)
SpazmO! says hello!
Indy was my home for 4 years!!! It's a great city! I know you'll have fun!!! Have a drink or two or three for me!!!! Mwauh!!!!!
been awake for 18 1/2 hours today.. uhh, i think it's time for bed.
We'll find out when if she can't ever leave the house again. Maybe she's a medium though.
Unfortunately that phishing scam has been making the rounds on Twitter for awhile now. Glad you were able to resecure your account!
Lol man Im starting to hate nigerian food.. I need some American in my stomach..
- Thanks for featuring #YoungeHollywoodBlast in the "Backstage40 Digest" yesterday!
And now spontaneously off to the concert. This weekend keeps getting better and better.
Wigs are being split in Houston as we speak.
The guy next to me in class smells like straight cigs. Yep I'm for sure leaving class early now -_-
- Enjoy our featured artists Rocco & Rahj on Smooth Jazz Beach Radio! Where The Jazz Is Always Smoother!
I am convinced digestion is the great secret to life.
It's too bad sports stadiums are designed around a "gameday experience" and money-sucking instead of the game.
Ran into some of the folks from Giant beginning the move. Welcome to the neighborhood!!
when you graduate from grad school
And to the person who bought food on to the plane it smells like sick! :-(
other tragedies of the day: my grammar. #alamw12 #alise12 ugh.
i know denzel just said the same thing but i aint gun sing nun
June 20th at The Conservatory.
For first time, highway bill specifically mentions 'teen safety' thanks to
she was very sassy!
Sounds like a good time RT Ready and waiting! :)
and College Tour 2012 EVENT in MIAMI BEACH ...LETS GET THIS GOING! GET AT ME
maybe u can write about Mathieu and Marie.. but that's not that interesting
Its a warm 14 degrees in in denver co
Google's Valentine doodle this morning is ADORABLE!
Talk to your doc/nutritionist to find out what you're lacking. Balance should help regrow your hair if deficiency was the cause.
The English lads are having a sing song at The Queen Vic.....come down for your Sunday roast
Save The Date: Sat 2/18. Special Beer Sommelier and Chef Brunch!
get your ass to the library and give me some of that asian smartness for Physics.
Come out to #CannonCoffee this Saturday for an evening of coffee, music, and community!
do not think when you have everything, it was the perfect thing for you
Let the dog out of the vagina so she can pee
no but will thanks for the suggestion
enjoyed my first BL video workout - AWESOME!!!
Power outage means all this weekends games must be replayed next week.
I miss your show "Big Life"..Good to see you on DWTS though...Go get him girl!!
Reserve October 7th "Learn & Breakfast" to hear Honeywell FM&T's story ---how they've earned the highest recognition for excellence in USA.
yeah I got an arcade room
First peppermint mocha of the season!!
you have it all except chicken n waffles. ;)
Fitness Fact: Exercise causes your body to release endorphins, which make you feel
And I complained about about Cleveland weather??
2 O' Clock has been the longest of them all ...
New Orleans' first Mardi Gras celebration was held in
now u are :p
lol yup. Even now to every person I talk to I'm not that talkative to. Unless its someone I know and like.
Sorry to see you go Brandon. Thanks for all the great moments you provided us here in the D. We will always consider you to be one of us!!
Guess who needs a carpel tunnel arm brace.
ok what the fuck. i give up. this isn't even worth it. my videos suck & less than half of my susbcribers even watch them anyway.
Who NY Giants win! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088>
It was funny how this kid randomly was like , "You have dimples Selena ? Aww :D " Lol. Mmmhm ^.~ ?
leaving in less than 16 hrs..i should probably start packing
Thank you for the $20,000!! check at #SHINE! We are so grateful for your support!
looking through a magazine in el Salvador.. It said he was the new bieber and I got mad. Ha I don't care for the biebs anymoree
Merry Christmas to you, too! The whole family is going over to my parents', as soon as we get situated. Good times.
Has a new favorite thing.... Korean BBQ! So fun and tasty!
I wonder if CHICAGO will Riot if PUNK loses?
Will do ! Thanks..
What's the deal?!
Just back from work. Home alone. Can only mean another take out pizza from the consistently superb Marinara extra anchovies.
Now Way! Those are amazing!
if you missed submitting your journal, drop journal 4 in the journal 5 drop box for partial credit.
Is it to early to make love in Lex? Maybe
hahaha. silly munkee. I thought you were running again?
Chongas and Tennis Shoes <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00BE>
This game is all over the place!
Peace Why Allah!
No you have to go for me man
Post production fine tuning at the studio. Live dates are coming, we promise.
you're a gentleman!
thanks for the love Mike.
Mom was amused. I told her she gets two Mother's Days this year. :-)
In "Candide," no one gets out without a merciless jab or two.
Omw to see stinky :)
Dang everyone I'm texting is drunk.
I could never have imagined that TMobile would have been such a blessing for our daughter! Feeling so blessed and grateful!
More for the speech bubble: “: we want to continue the Collegiate Readership Program and pay for the research symposium. #CV4G”
Playing live on this Weds, Aug 17 6pm. Duets with yes!
sounds kind of fascinating to me. no?
when can i get down with the team?
I've been so productive today!
Hell yeah, he leaving now on a helicopter, he was signing autographs for a min
yeah I'm good now & she good too
My delight! Great & varied discussion re: jobs, taxes, budgets, Chelsea's Law, etc. Wish everyone could hear your solutions.
I lovee and i think he should follow me(: <3
I heartily agree, thank goodness for we are almost up to date here
Slam by YES YES YES
Thanks for the RT!
Love that we both have the same interest in being of service to kids. Peace my man
Was the email from someone's parental unit? Like how I cried for 3 weeks while you were in MN?
i wouldn't trust myself driving down any road at age 85.
I kno he got it cause he lookin' at me like he want it <3
Ahh Young Love <3 Its So Beautiful
editing 's talk from last week in the SLab. SUCH a great talk! Can't wait to get the podcast out for everyone.
#getit thanks, rick! bringing those envelopes out right now...
that sure will get u more girls tho...everyone loves a hot model (; lol
I don't know what I'm more upset about, saying bye to my friends or saying bye to chopt
Happy Birthday !!!
VDay weekend in Vermont with my love <3
2004 Tandem Zin can't wait
Not leaving until this rain stops
Fear factor is freaking disgusting...
Why is it 100 degrees in only my room? Fuuuuuuuh
Such A Nice Day Out! ^_^
*sings in your ears* ace ace ace ace ace ace ace you want me to tell ma mama you love ma hair?? ahahahah quoets from de song
I love idea: If you're not sure about honoring or condemning Paterno, consider donating to a charity that protects children.”
In #wisn12 morning meeting talking story ideas..1 thought is gas prices dropping. What have you paid lately?
Twitter peeps GET early request in for & on RIGHT NOW! What songs you need at 5p?
LMAO! I just finished watching it with my mom. Yeah, she bothers me as a person and I felt bad for Keisha.
"He brought his cat to practice?" "Yeah." "Yeah, he's gay." lmao, oh DaddyJackson <3
Well obviously I need to stay up to talk to you on twitter duh
I Just Got Off The Phone Wit Rell, He In Kentucky Deed Right Now.
Follo<U+03C9> always interesting
Flopping back and forth between #DODGERS &
Loving can cost a lot but not loving always cost more -Merle Shain
Can someone point me to the part of 's budget where he says what special interest tax loopholes it closes?
#SwaggyB really going to do work later in Canton!
Winners always want the ball. No exception to that rule. It's true in football, in business, and in life.
So much for the #Indians leaving their injury woes in 2011. Haven't played a game yet and Sizemore and Perez are already hurt.
HAHA! Tiff is sleepy! This is what she gets for staying up with someone who has Insomnia! Haha:)
Just finished breakfast (just juice for me) and now we're getting ready for the first practice of the day
please do NOT follow , just report him for spam. Please report for spam because he is a spammer and a big baby
Good Lawd! I just saw this tweet Ebony. OMG! Maclin's new protege.
Hip Hop is not 1 hit wonder songs, its a way of life!!! its a "CULTURE" that i grew up to love...I will keep it alive...(STREET MUZIK)
I really wonder where people or how they find my instagram.... imageisamount
Ugh, I can't go back to sleep.
All these great deals on the market is right #ontime , get in where ya fit in.
Korsakov is my favorite brand of vodka!
much better than Sudden Death. Haha.
- I was thinking of you, too!
Is the silent drill event still on today despite the rain?
it's funny what can result when you hate the world ;P
Some 'Rest' day this turned out 2 b....7 appts on 3hrs sleep.
Cash games already popping, see you when you get here RT : On my way to Aruba early for the ..should be an epic trip :)
I've been watching too much #Punk'd so I'm punking a friend on Monday!
May 15 ish. How bout you?
its never late for anything!
Fuck it, i'm turning in my English report on Friday. I'm so tired
I know! It was a very cool moment to sit down with him and have him answer everyone's Qs.
Yes, you definitely would!
I have been enjoying way more my mac mini since i bought an #appl keyboard and mouse!
girl girl girl GIRL !! I GOTTA TALK TO YOU LBVS
how's the new kiddo bud? Hope alls well, enjoy the offseason!
and this kid thought that *geographically* America was as big as Africa, because they 'looked the same on the map'
15 minutes later I ask myself what I am watching.
CAN'T WAIT TILL PRANKSTARS!!
Just bring as many people as you possibly can
My copy of Marshall's book came today. Can't wait to read. Let the JLB book club begin!
itz bout to b #GrimeySeason all ova again.Summer an Winter but for 2012 it mite jus b year-round jus kuz i feel like tearin shyt up dis year
Eating watermelon like my life depended on it. LOL
Just made a gifboom
Confidence on the outside begins by living with integrity on the inside
check yo email, dude!
just signed up for the fall league of KICKBALL, so so excited!
you took your time to call .& i took my time to fall
This dudes presentation is about to be less insightful than charles barkley calling a womans field hockey match
Today's Fun Fact: The Wright brothers' first flight was shorter than the wingspan of a Boeing 747.
We're finishing this week with a bridal & starting off next week with a child portrait sesh & finishing it with a maternity sesh.
i dm'ed you
Check out our new promotion at www.giveadaygetanight.com
lol maybe a bit
Enjoy your time in Ocean City!
James Maddock - Chance - 06:48 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Omg I feel so high society at this golf course. lol. DJ Pre-mo mixing it up at a wedding in the party room of a golf course.
Sounds like world war in mr. Wallace's class & me and are just sitting here on our phones.
Sloan and I wish you and yours a very happy, adventure-filled Valentine's Day!
"Low Battery, connect charger!" Um, you're a smart phone, connect yourself. -_-
I always use hand sanitizer. Why wash your hands and then touch that awful, germy bathroom door? :)
Checking in @ Fairgrounds in NO for the 10th Race of Louisiana Derby! Got my eye on a few Derby hopefuls like Mark Valeski & Cigar St.
Off to the pretty beach to boogie board! :D
I know I've been slacking with my daily words of wisdom but I got some for you today that's sure to improve your day & lift your spirits
Flu season peaks late in MN. Dozens of Edina School kids feeling the effects @ 9:20on Fox 9.
sorry, I sent that from the wrong account. I always do that. XD lol it's
oh really?
BTW, self submit on LACasting, I've booked that way even WITH an agent. You need to show a commercial reel, 1 is ok
Easiest. Interview. Ever.
is it always like that?? #I'veBeenToChicagoButIForgot :)
#tech2012 revolving door between companies and law enforcement. Google and AT&T look to government for biz; bad incentives to coop
I hate it when dj's say "this is grown folks music," then bleep out all suggestive lyrics. Ain't shit grown about a censored song, sir...
OF COURSE. Gotcha. ;)
If i ever stop fucking with you its because you stop fucking with me
Reception a great success! 50 ppl. registered for WALK, #City National Bank and #Newark Museum there to support! Special thanks to #Loft 47!
Good luck!
miss you too bella
RT : ACTION ALERT: Hillcrest Pride Flag project to reviewed by City Council on May 15
THRESHOLD PHARMACEUTICALS (NASDAQ:THLD) ANNOUNCES POSITIVE PHASE 2B CLINICAL TRIAL RESULTS OF TH-302 IN PATIENTS WITH PANCREATIC CANCER
Alright don't text me back then
- Ur Twitter feed just came across Field. I still keep up with you. How much Facebook stock are you buying up?
Happy Birthday :] hope you'er having a great one
haha they entertained me alright :3
No school. Quince Pictures:D
Nap time
Headed over to manayunk brew pub for PAMA networking happy hour-hope to see you there tweeties
Yup. Things seem to be going my way :)
~Love the sound of rain~
appreciate you RT's!!!
did you see connors prom pictures? WHAT A NUGGET
Oy. Sometimes I tweet political things and then remember I hate people who do that. Mea culpa. I deleted it.
how is it there cause I want to check it out? I've heard a lot of good reviews so far
Really? My school was messed up then.
hope your trip to the WI north woods was life-changing;). Can't wait to see the vids you produce.
Finished your expert setup. I hope you like it. Please let me know if you have any questions.
RT the terrorists won on that one
God knew not to give me a bubble butt cause id bounce tht shit all the time.. but it still doesn't stop me
I beleive you get something later in the season too... Right David?
oh really I did not know
I need numbers new phone no contacts message me with the number or if you got it text me
Thank you, thank you verrr much
YOU are beautiful. Never forget that.
I'm hooked on #TheHungerGames! Love love love!
Handwriting specialist! This kid. That was good. If anyone would like to see the email I would be happy to cut and paste...wait let me do it
The KCA's were awsome last night it was so cute and funny when got slimed :P ge is so Awsome
congratulations Auntie Crystal & fam!
We won't be publishing any articles this week so if you have any questions make sure you tweet us!
To say the least... : I'm intrigued."
wasn't him in the picture.
good mornin hustla's.... make it a great day man
I didn't know Mr. Phillips, but anyone who volunteered in the name of music is alright by me. #np Here's To Life
Doing my unique dance squirmy thing *giggle*
pagliacci redemption! hit the farmers market for cherries, tomatoes, corn, purple peppers : quinoa summer salad for dinner. yum.
praying all the way from Chicago! :-)
Yup. Both games. You?
my mother's explanation of #bigomaha should be included on some kind of (wrong) testimonial site. Can you make it happen? Ha
Ooohh...okay. Gotcha...thanks 4 helping me out :-) My husband & I have been tryin to figure that out...lol. Thanks! :-)
#youknowyoucanpitch if the other team's coach doesn't like you.
Just a reminder that we are closed today, but look forward to seeing you again throughout the rest of the week!
It's virtual Friday. Hopefully the day won't drag on too slowly.
bye bye collision crew, we all saw this coming. Fanny Pak always wins the battle unfortunately
Hey & The Heavy Guilt Duo will be at Viper Lounge on 4/1 @ 10:30pm still looking for full band show.
VEGAS!!!!!! Thanks for the add! Have you checked out the new bartab 2.0 app? Its live in LV too!
RT : I think the horse from War Horse is drunk #Oscars #tweetroast They wouldn't let it in until it took off the horse costume
yesterday hung out with nick (fatass), travis , seth, stephanie, hunter, haley, john , cole, shawn , and u cant forget sam love him .
Ok. Working in the morning, for mother's day. Yay me... #not goodnight twits x
Oh, we will be loaded for jokes on Saturday
missed tackles by Timmons/Farrior and Worlds is awful
aww, the kitty looks like my munchkin!
get in to our #FloridaCentralTheater this Wednesday to MEET from #AmericanIdol Listen for ALL 5 songs on 2nights
ok stay there i'm on my way
aw feel better soon! that sounds awful. what happened?.catch the nastiest flu out there?
nice to connect! Seems like we enjoy the same passions!
getting the party started.. Come by and have some drinks with the Crew..
Up just think bouta how all niggas period is grimy.. You cant find notta good nigga around... That sucks!
miss you boys ! have funn and get shitty at dayglow..no doubt in my mind you wont. come visit son please!
Thank you for the FF on Friday!!!
the last guy I went out with was my type. I'm just a mess apparently.
hahahaha not me!
Thanks for the props. Learned from the best.
is amazing and have the most delicious food come test after work our TACO special,The Fish taco it's one of my feviroet !
That's so cute! Makes me wish I had a flower girl!
And people who kiss ass, make me feel sorry for them.
Tornado warning was scary. Glad for today's warm-ish weather.
haha I thought you would like it :)
I went out and saw the Advengers it was an amIng movie!
I might be out there in either June or July :)!
Im following you now and also you know ?
Sarah Wilson: Tourgee's A Fool's Errand produces textual simulation of a forum inviting ideological conflict.
Gettin ready for the big show tomorrow, whos ready to party?
mos def let me know what you have in mind.... are you in the D.C. area?
Oh man both of you guys could use calf implants. Worked for the Governator
Gah =>__<= twitter on my phone is getting slow maybe it needs an update :/
What a lovely thing to say, thank you!
not bad, what about you?
Coming up on the today, at 3:45 and at 6.
": Having pizza for dinner…..makes you forgot about anything that might of pissed you off earlier......" This is true!
We want simple rules for a complex world. It just doesn't work that way. Not always.
not fooling with that madness... He got me scared to check twitter after dark!
did you hear running, running, I think that's the name.
Thanks, Johannes!
#20ThingsAboutMe i speak whats on my mind
Your Turkish/Filner story seems to just be race bating. Either expand it or retract it as complete trash.
According to Amazon, I've ordered "Arguably: Essays by Christ." You know, or Christ...opher Hitchens. But nice try, Amazon. Very cute.
I feel like you are roughly 5 years ahead of the curve with most things.
she actually said "ugly on the inside."
damn shame you aint talk to me so SMH!
Chicks named Kiesha, Tiffany, Brittany, Jazmine, Ashley & Tymika are always up to no good.
Thank you for speaking your mind in Too bad you had to apologize for speaking
thanks man! i'll tell you said WHAT UP
new book Reddy coming: rights of gays comes w/ racial subtxt. who R 'worthy' subjects? Here comes "prescriptive"
thanks ash!
follow our personal's guys?:).
None of my *friends* are ever there anyways.
I'm not buying you the jersey! that offer expired... if they win the cup MAYBE
Thanks have u run it?
LETTERS START WITH ABC NUMBERS START WITH 123 MUSIC STARTS WITH DO-RE-MI LOVE STARTS WITH YOU AND ME <U+2665>
A great message to everyone with tweens and teens. This age is HARD!!
[p2] why not a post about leveraging HARP2 for SS listings. ive taken over 40 harp apps, half qualify, the others= ss
wait...I missed a post? shit. url?
Engineer is the back up plan so guess I better pay attention in Math and Sciences at least
also, this great phrase: "Mr Manfredi is known as an outspoken and radical museum director." (Makes sense on reflection, but still...)
oh wow that's an awesome looking picture!!
Umm I ate alittle to much :x my belly hurts :(
This term has been the hardest so far in terms of grading. Giving insightful comments on hundreds of UI designs is really tough to do right.
WOW my #Boston Cheap Guy account has a 35 #Klout score (With no HELP). has a 50 Klout score, but he's got
There is so much misinformation abt breast cancer funding. I know cancer funders who think they shldnt fund bc b/c everyone else is.
Basketball with jerry and errrbody at the civic center and I gotta say this hair cut is feelin good but its still too short
Whos down to Rock with us and our buddies Craving Strange and Nick Tangorra at Operation Hero?
Let me tell you something that is super fun...getting thrown into a meeting by yourself when you no idea what the meeting is about
Just finished reading book #3 of 2012. Running the Books by my cousin Avi Steinberg. Funny, touching, scary, really great!!
No, You're AWESOME!
Ah, but now you can. With recharged batteries ;)
I want to go shopping I haven't spoiled myself.
Raydar Ellis jamming w/ Jason Lindner & Igmar Thomas Group
Why You Tryinn!! To Talk Aboutt Her Face You Didnt Look in The Mirror Dis Mornin
Q5 We use it instead of beef in spaghetti sauce, chili, burgers, on pizza, in casseroles: possibilities are endless!
The Who - Baba O'riley
Gotta get my minds rite today can't fuck up my speech
Florida State to Big 12 would be a great addition if it happens.
thank you Nance, I'll let you know when I know...
Tyson Chandler a monster dwn n da paint
nice legs Jamie
First time at firehouse subs
Mayor Bloomberg At UNC Commencement 2012: NC Gay Marriage Vote Sets Back Civil Rights: CHAPEL HILL, N.C. -- New York City Mayor Micha...
of course timon ! (x
Going in after this , i'm tired .
Truly today someone talked about giving up chocolate because of child worker abuses in the industry. And I said - buy Askinosie!
yeah I thought so lol. Up for sehri?
Athletes who achieve breakthrough perf. say that its “effortless,”. “Flow” or "zone” is a state where athletes act w/o thinking.
Thx for the follow Always there!!!
she loves that movie. So sing it to her tomorrow lol
You've got that right! And to my delight, my little guy already LOVES books (though so far he mostly likes, um, eating them).
Life aint all that bad listen to music it helps
Congrats to all of this year's bowl teams, you've had a wonderfully mediocre season. You will surely tell your grandchildren about the...
wreck on west bound 24, just past Divide. Traffic stopped. Roads getting very icy!
Come to AZ and run the show at point, play with a ton of talent, hang with a ton of female talent of the court and go to final 4
Curious how will Barbara Stripling incentivize cross-divisional collaboration within ALA?
Are you presenting @ #scip2012?
On a brighter note, combining two things I love works wonders. Fantastic cinema and baseball.
& 2 of best snarkiest men on Bravo.This #WWHL will be taped,watched by "Claynation".Claynation is nation of claymates
Happy Saturday! Enjoy 10% off all #FamilyRentals! You're welcome tweeps!
If u can't respect urself, Wtf makes u think a guys gonna respect u....
Meech Dogg JUICED UP on youtube
Pretty good stuff huh?
So smart that we have school tomorrow during a boiling alert. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Found this interesting too. Doesn't take into consideration other types of intelligence
Wheres My girls at!?!
I have never actually had ginger ale or seltzer water, very interested to try the Seagrams flavored seltzer waters!
I Look forward to your tweets!
This Courtney girl on the bachelor is fit but she knows it.
DESIGN is EVERYTHING is DESIGN
Another chance to with and this Friday at the Republic from 6-9pm!
go ask someone nicely. make friends!
Jesus tapdancing christ, Craigslist is this jarring mix of nice clueless people and exploitative shitcocks.
Def time to go to sleep . Goodnight *
LOL. I'm guilty of posting food pics and RT's for sure!!!
I want a truck for my birthday.. or a dirt bike. I'm not expensive at all am I?;)
like today?! :/
a lil birdie
WI Shooters White, GB Gunners, WI Blaze, WI Wizards and WI Shooters Red 17U teams to play in Chicago Spring Classic this weekend in Waukegan
thanks for the follow. Interesting idea you have here. Lots of success.
#dirtyjokethursday Q. What's the difference between your wife and your job? A. After five years your job will still suck. <Shazzam!>
I remember when I was a kid , the best way to make me shut up was "I'm telling your mom" lol
man if i see another nigra put "thats that shit i dont like" after something -_-
*skips pass chief keef verse
mayor resigns amid tax fraud but cat fighting drunk Nassau Co commish chair still in office
lol you're coming with me to AA haha
Good luck ! xoxo
Tf. Why are my pajamas wet?
i hate you i am from argentina i hate you cerdena you are a pig
Bravo for your courage- to be a loving witness in the face of so much dehumanizing exploitation abt #Whitney's drug addiction.
RT : Thanks to Highlight I now know the names, job titles and addresses of every hot girl on the
oh right...wow..totally forgot lol
24 hour auto correct challenge! Don't its auto correct figure 24 hours. Good luck
Need a massage ASAP
today....sucked some major fruit loops :/ yea its time for me to listen to some black veil brides :) thanx <3
Me: "Do I look pretty?" Brother: Is that a trick question?
Pianos Become The Teeth always give me that depress feeling of death. I like it.
If you have an hour and a half you can spare each week I highly recommend volunteering for I am swimming in happiness. :-)
I love Austin more then I love food. And if you know me like my friends do, you'll know that I love food alot :)
Fun fact "Yellow Star" is also the name of an episode from the hentai Cool Devices.
#kyderby adventure starts now. Going to be big.
#ff :) miss you grace! i hope you're well :) xx
#SenWarneratUMW "Everyday we don't pay the debt is added money that you will have to pick up"
back in the saddle.
In the test kitchen now. Working on Gluten-free scrapple! Anybody out there interested??? We may need taste testers!
These new shoes I bought are perfect for the bedroom...the heel can be perfectly placed on a man's shoulder lol
Well is ignoring me!! She passes too!! Bo!
hehehe if the sub's not frustrated then it's either not been on long enough or too long and he's given up.
you're slacking... You should of been started.
Happy Mother's Day ! Hope you have a special day! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Leading people is the hardest (and most important) part of any business.
Its National Scrabble Day...do I need to spell it out for you?? L-i-v-e H-e-a-l-t-h-y!! It's a great day to get back on the workout train!
That's a good one! And, AMTA initiative too
The autos owe Wilbur a lot of money. If they fail, he will have a rough time. We may also. Tough medicine.
Entire world* haha i can't tweet with no glasses on!
- lol you know how we do.
Global Careers at Pfizer | Pfizer: the world&#39;s largest research-based ...
good luck on your next step in life!
It's meant for people not to be scared. what you ask? ufc.
lol yeah ^_^ did u see the pic tht was supposedly her?
Congrats to #JMS481 for finishing our #SLPs and being almost done with semester!! Feels so good :)
GOODNIGHT ALL BACK ON THE GRIND EARLY AGAIN !!!
miss you too bb girl <3
Dinner + Netflix wit my luv = <3
you have a bf now!?!!
Is this the puppy that had distemper? I was hoping she'd make it through.
Yes! Turns out the Dopplebock is a collaboration brew, and we have it on right now! Nøgne Ø / Ægir Kollaborator Doppelbock
Is there such a thing a violent malaise? I think I have that.
I came to realize I'm too young to be just focused on one nigga , specially if he ain't worried bout me .
About to fly to Salt Lake City when surprises me - we're going to see again in June! #stoked :)
hahaha oh I wish I went to your school
In pain ugh idk how people get tattoos ugh! <U+E108>
"This above all: To thine own self be hydrated."
Hey! Where's the freaking Barroom Chronicles? It's Tuesday already!
If pleasing people is your goal, you will be enslaved to them.
Austin I Lovee Youu SO Much(:, Please Follow Me!?! Please You Will Make ME tHE hAPPEST gurl ever if you jus click tht button
Calm, dammit. Calm.
really? I thought you hated me now :D
Welcome and thanks SO much to all the new members here on my RN site!!! Please enjoy the songs, videos, blog updates and photos!! :)
Moving is not fun gives stress like a divorce or a death in the family. I am a professional. Make life easier. Call me. 817.975.9222
Happy easter everyone. I got boney bones from the bunny.
that cold need a check up
lol then tweet me when you can.!(:
I did not factor in Playoff basketball when I signed up for a night time class.
new site, new design, similar in my mind. much needed overhaul, great looking new site err design :)
S/O too all my followers
we upload, I don't know how they decide from there. I think really anything with a national/broad state focus
kyle mahorney needs to stop singing , he sucks !
Must remind myself even though it is my Friday it is not actually Friday and I must finish a ton of work.
"An Evening with Mark Francis" is this Sunday, March 25th at 7:30PM in Johnson 200. We look forward to seeing everyone there!
When Is #SoListen Video Coming Out.!:) Been Watching #BoyFriend!!!
Just added NEMESYS to the bill along with Codec Band and AT TIDE WE SAIL. One more band to be announced soon! Can't wait for this show!
Oh God please let Justin bring that sexy as fuck hip thrust on the Believe tour.
Longfellow I light my candle from their torches
So prom ready it's not even funny lmao
New at the bar: Aberlour highland single malt Scotch whisky
You can't have everything, where would you put it?
“: Thought me and wouldn't be able to top our last performance.. But it's about to happen” please share.
Heading into the weekend – new paintings, new energy, and the hint that a revitalized spirit in all may take seed…
congrats on an amazing 2011. Cheers to 12!
Is it funny that Humphrey Bogart looks like a Mexican in #TheTreasureoftheSierraMadre?
Carrie Underwood, Taylor Swift Go Platinum
I think it is fair to call the Zercher Harness the great equalizer.
loving the MSNBC debate.... woot woot for another election
What should I tell the assistant director who tells me "no photos please" when I'm trying to get a shot of Springbreakers?
"The life of the law has not been logic; it has been experience." -- Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr
just crushed UFC press conference. LOLOLOLOL reaching for the belt when they hand it to the champ for the photo ops at the end
Thank you for your help!
it's on NBC sports
I just don't understand what I did to deserve what happens to me. What is wrong with me.
Great, thanks. just hoping to get the early registration dis.
Come get pierced by Ruben !
I love it! So weird & cool. Blooms every year for me. What a good little orchid.
Happy Easter!
Thanks for the ad!!
“ Proud of everyone here in Chicago and our family in KC. A season as we know is a book with *many* chapters.”
. Please tell me more about Project Blue America. Dr. Google was silent!
"Please continue to hold for the next available operator...." On the phone and on Twitter
Get refreshed with a $22 Brazilian Bikini Wax at Viva Brazil ($45 value)
Taking surgar over Jones! Will see?
#idratherhave a positive outlook on life
In USA people use Facebook to protest changes to Facebook
Hey Dan! What's up? Jamile McGee Seaon 1
Tune into for on Monday, February 6 at noon. Tyler Gearhart will talk with about Endangered Maryland.
lmho lol thatz just like my bff lyric she luvs you so much shed jump off billions of dollars just for your face add me&her pz
is NOT incest because we aren't related at least not by blood only by souls who were once part of the same family
#IfYouReallyLikedMe u know I don't play that BullShit
answer your phone..
Yes! If you don't you'll regret it later.
The ant is knowing and wise, but he doesn't know enough to take a vacation. ~ Clarence Day
Groundhog day is the perfect complement to a snowy day in Chicago. Dont forget your booties cause it's cold out there today!
Would a visit to Magnolia Cafe help? Might head there in a bit for some eats.
Time is of the essence indeed. Can you imagine? Allah swears by it!
I don't think that is a spoiler if you saw the preview. :p
hit me up with some free stuff!
Hardest thing about owning a is #Mondays. Wishing I was back #incollege and could boat all week!
Hey Obama; Your 2008 'Hope and Change" crowd is currently walking the streets UNEMPLOYED!! Many able bodied Americans UNEMPLOYED!!
Ohmyshit. Its hawwwtt, sand in my eyes and the ocean is calling my name!
yes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> haha but for good good reasons :)
Thanks for the RTs, faves and follows:
Huge thank you to for the props for the #PEIkitchenparty in #Charlottetown & #Summerside felt like home!
Thanks so much! Hope to see you again soon!
Here in Minneapolis, waiting to go to Treasure Mt.
Yep reddit. I am not a clever man to do that :)
Plus, this draft isn't nearly as deep as people are making it out to be.
i rode with saqib yesterday - loving uber!
Forbidden Planet of the Apes
Any other song could have come on the radio than the one that makes me feel terrible..
Young Guru, Dr. Dre, Ali
My hero! #tweetsymbolforsarcasm?
Freak it goodnight
I'm more impressed that even have the whole draft concept down....Clapclap...lol
We only need 9 more fans and then we start handing out FREE wristbands!
Ha! This is 5 blocks from my crib! Imma slide thru!
Enjoyed you on the other night. You are the only one I listen to about the economy. Per Lawrence O'Donnell.
that's genius, so is "Ma Baker"
Short-sighted liberals make me want to scream.
:O so you WANT me to tell you why I said the #MinDra thing? So you like hearing about #MinDra? because you are secretly in love-
Thanks for helping us to spread the word. :)
andreas. Thanks for coming by our office. Look forward to working with you.
Shout out
way cool!
guess which school is picked by Lindy's College Basketball preview for the Final Four? Vandy! They say it all adds up.
thank you! ;D xx
thanks! Flattered!
awww i thought i was goin to b riding u home today
Brrrr....I think south central living has made me soft. Those temps don't sound fun anymore!
Support in the Mississippi Gulf Coast. Just tweet: #MSGCSB and
you're welcome!
It's summer time don't forget your Sunblock. Skin Cancer is the no 1 preventable Cancer!
Finna go job hunting, on a mission !
haha im glad im not the only one that remembers! dudes gotta be in jail by now
We are looking forward to learning about #nativeplants this wknd - what can we add to our green spaces?
because there's so many great print journalism jobs out there they can jump to?
Join us and make Valentines Day cards for that special someone at Teen Do-It-Yourself Crafts at the Main Library on February 9th at 4:30pm.
We are loving & using your FREE offer for shredding up to 5lb boxes of documents. Paper is the #1 clutter source-perfect solution
School to us : prison School to parents : freedom
One of the seniors just yelled out #TimetoGrind at Rhodes College Commencement rehearsal. Love it.
You're too worried about fucking drinking and money than my health that's real cool
ConfirmBritneyXFactor! Who confirmed that Britney Spears will be judge on XFactor? Is it really true! I hope so!
RT “: One more teaser: we also have not one, but TWO beverage superstars!! Any guesses?!!”
You and me, Ms. Rose! You and me!
When People dont text back, knowing that they read ur text message clearly shows that you arent that important to them
How many days do you work ?
u would need to determine if it actually needed to be kashered, it wsnt food persay, but a metal bowl is certainly kasherable
RT : Wake up! It's Match Day! #Crew96 vs. # at Crew Stadium, 3p"
Brett Favre = Wilson from Home Improvement...hahaha so accurate!
I love Niall Horan.
OMG! Just missed the bus.
you is kind, you is smart, you is important. <U+2665>
Woo, chapter nine of my story is finished & I'm almost done with ten :3
and they wanna take pics and I'm like OKAY
#mudmelt Pendelton: as teaching more facilitated digitally the social aspects more critical. Social of actuating learning.
. I enjoyed the game last weekend! Cant wait for Saturdays
RIP Ralph McQuarrie,
mine is happy with a hamburger and has no appreciation for anything even the slightest bit different...boring food tastes.
I've had the same exp with several cc students. They only attend class to get their parents off their backs.
OMG my mom is tweeting!! I think I made an ut-oh signing her up for Twitter!
Feeling weird today :( gonna go to a party in a little
Life is better with baseball in my life and on my TV...Huff just went yard.
When you're ignoring a phone call, #ItSeemsLike the phone rings longer than usual.
shut up! damn u sprung
First time seeing Polyphonic Spree. Wish was here to share!!
thxs 4 following me U RULE!
Indeed. Been power leveling Rambo Medic and Engineer all week.
Thanks, and !
Almost sneezing, Making that face… Not sneezing, and looking like an idiot.
Loved meeting everyone at #NGS2012 and hope everyone has a safe trip home. See you all next time!
my ch ch ch chop chipped a lotta niggassssssssss
is live tweeting the journey of the TITANIC on anniversary today. Reading is intensely immersive. Brilliant use of twitter.
Thursday we're at Cora's Grill in Castroville, Friday we're at SilverStar Alvarado and Saturday we're at Keefer's in Mineral Wells!!
RT The Alchemy Conference is one week away!!
Isn't it amazing?! We love it too!!
Might get a job doing child care <3 knows how much I adore kids<3
Playing the Blues Brothers show at Universal studios Florida.... Let's get this party started. ..
The bigot part was a poor choice of words on my part.
No expectations
Is 2GB's Alot Of Internet.?
I didn't wanna go to school but fuggit, it's early day anyways.
Thanks #att and #nokia for the free rides at
I'm so bored got to get ready and straighten ny hair:(
Nothing's perfect but it's worth it.
I sure do!!! I think I have it typed up. What's ur email?
Counting down the days till our new patio opens. In the words of "Hannibal" Smith from the A-Team, "I love it when a plan comes together.".
A good publicist would have told that rodent he just looks jealous and lame! lol
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on"
Yes, use Closing Time #Hangover Supplement ;) RT any tips
I hate early appointments. I wanna be in my bed.
Happy Easter everyone.. ;-)
Hey folks - tell your bowling alleys about my site and maybe they can email their flyers directly!
Tennis partners maybe?
i know! I have nothing to do. Sometimes I dramatically rant random people about how great it was reading the books. I'm dying.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it's time to pause and reflect - Mark Twain
