I hope our military wrapped Bin Laden in bacon and stuffed his shoes up his ass before his burial at sea.
congrats! They are lucky to have you!
I love my team, Lets go Knicks!
Can you say "Dutch oven"?
me! youth and whiskey is my favorite :) im comin to see you guys in indiana july7! i cant wait :):) its gonna be epic! <3
We need followers on this page ASAP #TeamFollowBack #500Aday please
off to charity fashion event X 6-8pm. then the celeb photographer fashion event pomme 8-10pm. then la merde affair hotel
1st bicycle race believed 2 B 1200 meter race 5/31 1868 at Parc de Saint-Cloud, Paris. Englishman won wooden bike / iron tires.
so wish I was there!! Looks amazing cc
Am I officially out of it? I have no idea how Pinterest works.
where in mexico do you reside? moving to rosarito beach, hollahollahollaholla.
Lake Show.
#AskConstancio to follow me please <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
flagrant ridiculous
If you look good and dress well, you don't need a purpose in life.
“: Happy belated gux txt me”Good Look Guz Love U!!!
AMEN!!! Thanks for coming that was FUN:) OH!
beautiful Charlotte, NC....how you been??? You are in MI?
Get Padlette by Friday, Dec 24 if you order on Amazon today and choose one-day shipping. Eligible for FREE Super Saver Shipping.
I love when the music is louder than thoughts ...
Art is either pIagiarism or revolution.
Don't kid yourself, it's always boobies.
1. Open fridge. Nothing to eat. 2. Open pantry. Nothing to eat. 3. Lower standards and repeat.
Kim! You can do it! Don't let that remote get the best of ya!
Just listened to #BOYFRIEND gah your voice:$ freaking seducing me<3;P lmao
Fuckk this day! Can't wait for it to end.
Nice, indeed! A great guest bar crawl by Gene! Have a great weekend! Cheers!
No longer forward nor behind I look in hope and fear; But, grateful, take the good I find, the best of now and here. – John Greenleaf...
#Top100Lies I Ain't Even Mad
Yeahh take that #Cubs!!! Milwaukee back on top!
Thanks, #gwandc! I love your solution! Very SAVVY!
lol, do you not get it?
Hey -- it's No Makeup Thursday. Ok, the alliteration isn't quite there -- but my level of 'care' today is at about zero.
Poncho has Yoshis crowd on it's feet with boogaloo "funky broadway"
Lee at 1b and Ramirez at 3B - wasn't that the Cubs in the late 90s (12 years ago)?
yes it is does it come to la?
I wish you were able to love me how I love you.
“The greatest gift of the garden is the restoration of the five senses.” Hanna Rion quotes
"Higher ed moves so slow that it makes government look like it is fast,"
KD gon get buckets as usual..
7-inch screen? Well read on for TiPb’s top 10 most recommended, most must-have readings apps for your iPad
Better than fail Firing customers. Easy to say hard to do Sometimes unwise to do even if rationally right
"Sometimes you have to take a chance to make your dream come true."
You cannot dream yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge yourself into one. Henry David Thoreau
where do you get your soju cocktails?? I love those but they're so expensive a pitcher whenever I go
lol yeah it was a fail, we're by 440 now, tired AF
Wrong doers eagerly listen to gossip; liars pay close attention to slander. -Proverbs 17:4
Yum! Love bbq!
Put him at the top of those 2015 rankings when they come out!
Working so early today
Owww Ash check you out. Love the new icon! Miss you babe.
im looking for one
Will have some smoke
Pregnancy stress can affect baby&#39;s iron status: Study
Good point. RT : I think that the story is that it's WalMart.
Take my hands before I kill.
alex please follow me it would mean the world to me no joke<3
Do YOU aspire to be a bestselling Children's #book #author? Class starts 5/14 www.LauraDuksta.com/academy
So do you wanna bet $20?...And call 3/19/13 the payoff date?
How do I know when the #Rapture happens? Cause I know that I won't be going. Will that turn me into a #zombie? Kind of confused right now.
I take back my earlier tweet. Philly won, Chicago could lose to the 8th seed. How the mighty have fallen.
:D RT : Hahahaha xD when they're selling the chocolate right?:p RT : Fish: "Hello?" Patrick: "I love you."
u dont get it girl HE is NoT FOLLOWING U so HE doesnt NoTiCe U!!!!!!
thank you alot!!!!!!!! dont b a stranger...
DeWitt Law Review is now on the air on AM 580 WDBO Orlando. Give us a call with all your questions on tax deed sales at 1800-329-5858
Hun, he is my 'friend'! #Youhadablondemoment!
For those that believe, a lot of people in Heaven are in line seeking autographs right now
THANKS! “: You gotta follow these peeps!! If you don't...then your missing out on the finest art ever!! ”
they took care of peter hahaha
Manufacturer of custom built, painted and stained furnishings. Solid wood. Cottage. Worn and distressed.
PSHHH GOOGLE CHROME DOES IT FOR ME TOM HANKS! NIGGAS MAKE IT EASY!
I'm really tired, I think I'm going to take a nap and then work out later on.
//coffee and a good book. Doesn't get much better than this.
Brilliant Corners.
What a rain in Miami :O
Wow! Yet another vector Master! I stand humbled.
Good day today. I got the rest of my Christmas Lights up on my house and the Packers won!!!
The most popular titles are "anything with cleavage or a sword" - now that's collection development!
and so is drinking alkaline water from Aging Younger Ionizer for cellular hydration Step 6 of the 8 Steps to Aging Younger
Don't hate me because I wasn't who you thought I was or who you wanted me to be. From start to finish you never knew the real me.
Rocked thee fuck out with & tonight in manhattan. Good times!!
Hi, I'm doing well. You? Yesterday I opened the door, heard the rain, tweeted then ran off to make dinner. It was nice rain!
Love the pics. Oh, the joy we can find in just airing it all out! :) Happy summer to U! Here's to warmer, dryer weather...
You have to be at work for the whole day today? But..... its friday...
Recently finished an AMAZING Shakespeare class at ! Highly recommended! Mr. Daily & Mr. Cuskern are amazing teachers!
But every thug needs a lady .
Join us at Liam Flynn's Ale House for our last fund raiser. It will lots of fun.
Nothing external can ever harm the true essence of you.
Notorious B.I.G. tonight on #BehindTheMusic at 9!
wee Justttedd Chilled
some asshole hacked my twitter.....
Hallelujah! “: Newt Gingrich offers Obama use of a teleprompter. Finally, a GOP candidate who thinks black people can read.”
Night swimming, deserves a quite night
I saw your poster!
Finished Book one of the #HungerGames during lunch! So Good! Glad I bought trilogy on my
Now serving between 6th and 7th street on Walnut.
Minding my own beeswax!
I had a wonderful time at your fundraiser tonight! Thanks for having me.
Give it to you in the worse way.
Might get a dog
Congrats to of and on completing the with a time of 04:02:30. Way to represent Colorado
#GreysonMMag Will you ever visit Mexico ?
yee i did :) love the woman! and sankiu
He's always watching out for me up there
I love leaving surprises on him car so he can be happy when he gets off work. I miss you babe.
Good Morning tweeties! Can't wait to see Harry Potter later! :p.
Thanks everyone who came out and helped us win the Battle of the bands. It was a weird show but everyone was a winner tonight. We love u all
I hope the song comes along okay and I can't wait to hear the completed version someday. :)
I really have no idea what I'm doing.
Teachers need to intervene when collaboration gets ugly or physical. Arguing is ok.
So u just give head then??? lol
Storm in LA is in full effect but I don't give a fuck just lighting blunt after blunt
I like my Rose' Red<U+263A>
I have a crazy idea and I can't tell anyone..
I'm about to get a quick workout in
Thanks for participating! Great insights!
- awesome list!
2 brand new Everett Homes coming soon on 5404 NE 23RD AVE. Prime location! Available this summer!
Pakistan is no place I wanna fuck with
Hi Thomas <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Seein my cuz perform for American Theatre Company's off-Broadway show "RENT" tonight.
when its your turn . . . #MakeTheMostOfIt . . .
God made u the unique person u are. Stir up ur passions. Don't let society or the expectations of others control ur destiny.
#modernfamily NEVER disappoints ;) "A man died and you're smiling!!!?"
It's like 2001 and the FOTR all over again. Oh, the anticipation!
Follow me back! is a Sexy account related to Porn!:*
": my TL is filled with Lakers' fans , Lakers' haters , and a few people talking about random shyt.. haha cool"
longer than Peter Gardare
#ivealwayswantedto receive head while popping a deuce.
I try.
Drugs approved with DNA data reduces size of drug trials Topol
Vegas in 3 days let the countdown begin!!
Well done Brewers, great regular season!
Codys coming to NYC in April?! Excuse me while I go scream flip and cry!
I have seen two different episodes with "soft kitty"... Hilarious.
is torn between her desire to be unpacked but her lack of desire to actually unpack. But she LOVES LOVES LOVES her apartment!!!
Fantastic! Glad you gave a fuller account, too.
Happy 4th of July! We are open...
“: Oh hey Arkansas. Hometown of my second favorite president.” Oh no, Ronald Reagan isn't from Arkansas.
May the 4th be with you! Happy Star Wars Day (and thanks for the reminder!)
it is done
just getting in form a long day at the Celeb Go Kart Fundraiser it was really fun and now time to write the rest of these songs :)
I miss that place, TJ is awesome
Congrats on your #iat50 win yesterday! It was awesome being on the course with you, you're an inspiration to us all.
RT "My interest is in the future, because I am going to spend the rest of my life there." - Charles Kettering
Coolidge Corner - Lametown, USA. Population:
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky.
I know lol...messing with you lol
Congrats to our neighbors at for their spread in CO Biz Magazine!
Copper Kettle with the boy toy. Edwin Warner with the broskis. It's been a good day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
This is to my new follower thankz
Very special guest (FAT JOE) will be saturday! Message me for #Vip service / #bottle service
Scoping out a lady who rents wedding gowns. At the FLEA MARKET. In my dream no one would talk to me and I was all sweaty.
Thank you for the Happy birthday :) It was a good one!!
I finally hit my stride with these green smoothies! Everybody throw rose petals at my feet and praise me as the goddess I am!
a little swankier than our home for the week!
INSTEAD....MAKE IT...and BREAK IT all after....the MOLDS that Ur TOLD...
Love this "of monsters and men" CD. Worth a listen. Happy weekend Tokyo. :)
Thanks for the mention... Good stuff!!! ;-)
Had a nightmare that I had to wear a tie to work every day.
words w/out action is as useles as a bilion $ check without an authorized signature..don't mke emty speches 2 people who need tangble help.
ok my sore throat has graduated to a sore throat with the sniffles, moms just gave me some orange....
it's unlike any you've seen! Let me know what you think after you see it
Welcome to the Patriots and our Crazy Fans....Mr. Mallet...#justsayin and
What you put into it is what you get out of it. Simple as that. No excuses.
Cool--pretty amazing film, yes?
BOO you coming too jamies quince ~ ;D
Surreal line from ABC News story on #Afghan killings: "But it's not clear whether the alleged attack was spontaneous and unprovoked."
I Hate Sharing My Food . Like Get Your Own Shit Homie !
you are my inspiration, thank you for the fact that you are. i will ALWAYS support you. :) i love you. #whosays <U+2665>
yes you should ;-)
I aint gonna lie chris brown on a lot of shit now days n I'm feelin it where my grls at?!
how is it?
Ok d'accord
thanks so much for the follow!
goodbye cold pizza on a sunday morning, i've enjoyed u...but it's that time of year to start training again. :)
FUCKING FREEZING TOES
:) good, hope you liked it
In the moment, I think that the very thing that I need is pudding of chocolate, my favorite dessert. Please mom, let! LOL
Rajon Rondo's trip-dub total in the playoffs is going to dwarf Jason Kidd's when it's all said and done
This is the earliest I've been up since we got to NY. What can I cram in to the next 5 hours?
lmao I want to see them!!
It was refreshing. Thank you.. Will be interesting to see what direction they go with next season's new house.
"Let them burn tundra!" I love it and will say that until I die. Great piece in today! Congrats on the award!
I hope I leave my stupid school and go to a new one and start all over A.S.A.P
Drinking at altitude after living at sea level is the best. Enjoy my home state for me!
Don't wish it were easier, Wish you were better.
that means you had a great time! Miss u miggs
Ah well, you can take her out another time. The restaurants are always so crowded today anyway. It was a quiet day for me.
Good call me or I'll call you
Love can make you cry but it can always bring a smile
anytime! RT : Thanks for the RT!
all jokes aside, Thank you Houston Family for allowing the world to see this home-going service.
Perfect Friday in #Portland as the sun is shining and a wonderful 72 degrees! Now that's a great start to the weekend!
no love for joy behar!
Why can't my favorite hoe do it?
I don't hate anyone but there are some people I DISLIKE IMMENSELY
thanks for the follow. Do you have any recommendations on how to remove moldy drywall?
ahh thank you! :)
Loving it that user experience is at center of DPLA work. It informs all other work streams.
THANK YOU MY LOVE! Are you going to join us for Writing Club again next week? BECAUSE YOU REALLY SHOULD!
Hey everyone, I'll be live tweeting for -- be sure to join the conversation of the #superbowl #sbads #brandbowl !
Which is grosser: a questionably aged Brita or bad tap water
What about McCarthy for coach of the year consideration with all the injuries they have had?
My brand of justice is pure.
Last night was amazing. was amazing. Can't wait to see them again in Paris!!!!
I'd say so! Next week I will send love from I will hit you back on your email as well, finally home
“: Your subconscious mind is 30,000 times more powerful than your conscious mind.” NUTTY
Playing hide-and-seek with a little Hispanic boy while I wait at platos closet.
I love the app.But when i put it through the higher settings it always crashes.I've redownloaded it a few times.still problems.
Working on bringing back a song of Dave's that is older than this band. This could get awesome real fast.
i really dont know /:
Ithink I <3 You For Real!:]
like the blog
who knew i would have to use math so much in my PR career! UGH!
President Obama is turning his attention back to the economy after a day spent raising millions of dollars for his campaign
Watching Cadillac Records...and sorting the laundry...and cooking...and tweeting!! ww
#TEAM working harder & ALWAYS SMARTER!! Have a productive day Tweeties :~)
OKC is gonna sweep the mavs
Check my music out 18 year old artist from pa
Am I one of the only people that thinks is hot? anyone? No?
Harry Belafonte presenting next. Seen him so much lately! How lucky am I?
It's on and off coming down pretty hard. I thought it was over but we just got another shower.
smh desperate times call for deperate measures. Go in your bed lol! tonight should be awesome though!
he hates me cause i called him gay -_-
love those manzos
I love Math Subject (=
today i <3 2 things. my bruised up little big town & my blowdryer
WHERE U BEEN SEXY
Time to Man Up, ! You can do it!
" this has bugged me for yrs!"... LOL! it happens...dat person is "special"...lol...like SHORTBUS special!
Well they ARE the Knicks..
So giving a video game award would go to which, the developer or the director?
screws up the cookies so your browser always shows a "preview" of an ebook, even when clicking from your catalog for books you own.
doh! i meant "brogrammer" and got auto-corrected!
It seems like I'm always adding spices to my cooking arsenal. What spice couldn't you live without?
Oh it feels amazing outside.
All 3 are scary but Suggs is younger
The survey q's were pretty standard except follow-up Prop A & B, asking what I've read/heard in last 4 days.
#HappyMothersDay to all the mothers on twitter >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Back to this shithole again.
fOLLOW BACK PLEASE <3
it wont let me inbox
At Peter Walsh & Caryn Kaiser event. Yay!
“: In Prague this weekend recording music for a new film with George Lucas!” // Sweet!! Can't wait to hear that!
I gotta pray that I pass this geometry sol today. *cross my fingers*
check out his delightful illustrations.
Tomorrow is the #TeenLifeLIVE NYC Community Service Fair. It’s still not too late to pre-register for your free giftbag!...
Thanks for the mention!
ixion's wheel.
We have some lovely kama toro in house tonight! I don't expect it will last long!
Neither can I..
We aren't just fans, we are family. #Whitesiders <3
Joe Wilson's wife diagnosed with H1N1. Duh. She sleeps with a swine.
on my way to the ATL!
I got and the computer and saw that is following me... is this serious?! :D
God, this whole wisdom tooth thing was such a damn pain. :/
guess we found the low life broke fuck trending the stupid shit. Seriously guy.
would she 0.o ? it's school days! :(
This week we will be picking up the TOF harvest which was milled and graded. We got great scores again!
Thanks! Everything was great!
sometimes i hate twitter cause i cant spell
RT : Im determined to learn stocks! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>< thats where the money at..i was goin to invest in Netflix when it first went public
Aspiring models you should receive a candy gram reply from our email if YOU made our list the call backs
Look at you. I'll be expecting something either via phone, text, tweet...
Wishing the Fantastic and Amazing a Very Happy Birthday! May GOD BLESS You with the Best, Amit Ji! You are an inspiration!!!! :)
Still, better than a poke in the eye with a cattle prod
I know!! I talk a lot, so my twitter translation isn't always spot on. These text limitations are really irritating .. Haha :)
I'm hungry. going to buy a burger and prentend it's a salad
Thanks a bunch
I went with my Sister PapaBear!!
Up early for a story on a husband and wife who are both olympians. (No pressure kids!)
Other than a couple of ill-advised jump balls when trailed vs MSU and OSU, saw consistently good decision-making.
it don't work anymore
Manager offered me paul mccartney tickets.... ah I passed!!
Think like a man with the best friend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Now that craft beer has broken into the consumer conscious - do we continue using wine (& its terminology) as a point of reference? Why?
All packed for Saint Anthony and ready to roll.
Your success has less to do with speed and more to do with timing and direction. -John Mason
#Liverpool names #Tom #Werner chairman
It's funny because i was literally going to tweet about what a jackass Jalen Rose was last night. Had a premonition.
Just noticed... Carl needs some extensions on those pants!
Youre from a whole another world A different dimension You open my eyes And I’m ready to go, lead me into the light <U+2665>
After hours of testimony, Senate Finance is finally out. Worst storm seen in years yet best citizen input seen in years.
When tweets to it's like a touchdown pass being thrown
That is awesome! What is your favorite song off of Ayla's new album?
ive been good(: how about you?
Best seat I've ever had on a plane. Row 2. And this is the only seat in Row 2. And there is a window.
I honestly can't with her. One of the most special people anywhere.
oh, yes, definitely let me know. Have fun, it's a gorgeous day.
you'll get the stroke back yo
Gee, if only ACH had, say, an open suggestion box to gauge community interest in possible initiatives.
Estes comentadores do Portugal Argentina Tao a meter nojo.. Carrega Portugal
what time? omg so if the rest of you could reply now... and
my Bose headphones, a webcam (new computer I'm getting has one built in) and my camera.
I would argue Polk has looser hips, is more fluid athlete, better balance, tougher to tckl, better receiver, faster, more durable
everyone should go follow <<< this guy rocks and is super talented!!!
Lopez: Dr. later saw her leg move. "As her mom I took that...& I held onto it. I had to believe she was going to survive. That's all I had."
alot of those open not this weekend but memorial weekend (next week)
If someone came to my door and said get in a box I'm from the Ellen show. I would run screaming into the box! Hahah
I new I should have worn underwear today.
Espn is in love with Tebow Time
LSW at Felipe's.
#oscars - Christopher Plummer's #acceptance #speech was one of the BEST.
RB Ricky Williams plans to retire, a source tells ESPNs Adam Schefter.
i am watching the 10 commandments. this is still a great movie....
starting a YAM JAR in my house. you have to put change into it when you refer to yams as "sweet potatoes"
I could probably set my sperry's on fire & they'd still be okay.
hey I saw Romney on Letterman. He called himself 'Romnizzle'
Good morning RT : Good morning .:)
Now that we're open, you'll need to know our hours. Mondays for brunch: 11-4; Tuesday-Saturday: 5-close; Closed Sundays.
Anxiously awaiting for the CBS schedule to arrive.
Um yea great night with the girl now bed night Twitter verse
aye that "boom boom bang" is that shit cuz
In drama class with we have to write a monolougue but his is easy and mine is difficult.
In the last hour we've had 4 small #earthquakes (ranging 1.2-1.4) in and around #Coachella. Maybe just too many ppl headed to
Wings, sauce, flatbreads, O-ring Ontennas, awesome food, great atmosphere, Best Wings USA, cars, motorcycles, Bike Nites
Glad to hear u r safe & sound & away from the tornado scare! U kno u have a 4 legged tail wagging lady waiting 4 u @ home. LOL!
Thanks for the RT!
#Love means NEVER abuse! #LOVE IS NEVER
I bet it fills Cora's heart with pride that so many ASUO candidates are touting their Ambassador experience.
Turned the AC on - feels so good!
My stomach hurts but my pockets are fat
New movie with my favourite girls! Vanessa Hudgens & Selena Gomez! Who is excited for the movie 'Spring Breaker'?
im fuckin, you fuckin? well fuck it lets get it
Ace and Jon are playing Mario Party. Pretty stinkin' cute.
Outta work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I said the same thing when I had this baby now I am trying to read social media to go back to sleep. Why baby just sleep
Dane County judge halts collective bargaining law
I’ve seen the special performance of du Soleil @ #drupa 5 times & I still love it - next one in 10 mins hall 8b Hurry!
I'm throwing an event tonight, and I got 7 birthdays booked so It really seem like a lot of people got birthdays this weekend.
Don't be this someone. Someone was a no-call/no-show for their rep meeting today!?!
It wasn't very direct, sorry lover.
I'm shy. Most people don't take the time to explore the real me. So I'd like to thank everyone who has. Everyone who didn't, missed out.
yea your gay
Re: "having a sound argument" That has never been a requirement for an opinion, but it should be a one for media coverage.
Tonite we live at the venue 4 b day & bottles on deck
Happy Birthday ! <3
Twitter Says It Has 140 Million Users :')
Traveling to Port St. Lucie, FL for the International Retained Search Associates Fall Conference
I Catch Em While They Cokeded Up And Weeded Open Fire Now Them Niggas Bleeding
Well there goes my bracket. Picked the #tarheels to win it all. UConn is my only hope
woah is right. where?!
btw. thanks for calling me brilliant... I never tire of your sweet words. ;)
&that's Y i smile.it's been awyl since evryday&evrythn has felt this right.u turn it all around&suddnly u'r all i need.the reason Y i smile.
thanx for following me!!!!!!
If the #Bruins ever put Lucic on the market, I'd expect most of #NHL would have interest. He's a unique talent, true power forward.
Somebody broke into Junior Seau's house. How pitiful of a human being do you have to be to do such a thing?
Ooh nice! Let us know how it is :)
Vist www.theeroticchallenge.com and become a contestant and try and win big $$$$$ Ladies we are waiting.....
I'm still recovering from sending in grades--a week ago
very clever
UL's Mike Marra gets 38 points for his dunk.
Love a #nudist special getaway 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
then you kno I'm real goon so we can fight on YouTube I'll clean you little guy
Whats a good movie to watch hopped up on vicoden?
If you just try to be average everywhere, you just get an average team.
Powers started as President my freshman year. He's done more for this University than any other president in recent memory
if you need anything from me, let me know!
The Jacksonville Jaguars looked good today. They are a good young team. They got an impressive 37 to 17 victory over the Titans.
IM IN GEORGIA FAT FACE!!!!
Follow me on Instagram. I will follow you back(: my username is the same as my twitter name<3
RT You have my attention, now don't loose it... Cause this #Pisces don't look back
That's basically what they tried to say it was!!
#iplspring Color, in fashion industry, serves not only source identifier function, also expressive/aesthetic/value
Aww--thanks! Oh, you must mean ! She's the sweetest person in our office. And makes killer apps!
sushi tonight and Gator on Jan 2.
I just heard about a powerplant explosion in Middletown. That might be the answer to the rumblings that we experienced.
How does one know if they won or not? Do u text back or do u post it on Twitter?
try mexico where it's just known as food :)
UT interviews 3 D7 candidates but only speaks of 2. DeMaio deep pockets very apparent.
What is the opposite of a hipster?
I love And your taste in music. Good Friday tune-age. Thanks :)
#Happymother's day to my gorgeous mother I love u ;-)
On Pandora: How did we get from DRUGS' channel, to a Train song? xD
I took one last night before we went to the club and I haven't slept and I feel fucking weird. Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
lolololololol !!!!! Leave me alone ! >.>
wow. just listened to josiah leming's myspace music. he did a really good job recording his stuff. assuming it's DIY.
"A #BOSS IS ONE WHO GURANTEE WE GONNA EAT"
Education=equality regardless of socioeconomic status. Do not rely on empty promises of "change." Fenty=actual plans already in progress.
Some of my best interactions occur at the least likely of times. Once had the attention of an entire post office.
Roosters are adorable. They're soft, cute and loving. I don't mind cuddling with one, eating popcorn on the sofa. (sarcastic). Lol.
what's wrong w my CaCa!?
When baking, follow directions. When cooking, go by your own taste. ~Laiko Bahrs
Welcome to twitter !!
I did not notice wording, Thanks
we're going both actually!
What is intellectual curiosity and WHY would I want something like that?? It sounds kind of gross.
oh u have hit the nail right on the head .....Austin has a prob right now with police officers misunderstanding dogs 2dead 1wk
Sorry for delayed reply, Yes indeed casinos are in the gutter and not even close to get up..
Thank you! My application was sent in but haven't heard anything yet. How'd you know?!
jeez! Well lemme know if u wanna sell one or that old iMac.
HAHAHA, SO funny!!!! :p
should have took the 20 points
Thank you, Marina. :-))
Thanks for the follow, Dad! I'm sure I speak for all forty of your followers when I say we're anticipating your first tweet.
I want to make a twitter handle of So that people would get the email: " is now following you."
excellent stats!
wish you could too! Hey I picked my favorite gowns! Take a look on my fb:)
And the editing begins!
I don't like those odds.
My mind is gone! feeling great ;)
is there an EarlyWord YA galley chat today?
There has been a lack of awesomeness in the cars that I drive lately; I will endeavor to fix that. Perhaps with right hand drive.
"A genius is the one most like himself." -Thelonious Monk
#romeonamobile is #thebest! How do you guys not get sued?
Lets not start. I'll have to get and involved.
I need my own scanner. Driving to San Marcos to scan film is just not cost-effective.
I'm dead.....ugh me too! #Abbiprobs bahaha
I Haven't Been This Tired In Awhile!
I am excited for 'Scre4m' in that it could probably afford to just retain all the slasher rules they render obsolete. Slasher movie revival!
lol I was at a fair yesterday so I'm posting pics. XD
It is the easiest recipe ever & EVERYONE loves it. My weekend was pretty good. Nothing fancy. Yours?
True, but what about the wrestling bear? that thing never saw a penny either and he destroyed Wepner
#RESPECT RT : Shout Out To
Crazy about swayze. Roadhouse!
Dartz's PR machine puts some automaker PR shops to shame.
I'm glad you came
Great night tonight. Wishing you all the best
Watching Blue Crush, that was my daughters soccer team when I coached her team at the beach. That Rec team beat PB's all star team
don't forget the flood!
thanks Sean!
Leo Sayers-you make me feel like dancing
they will make u get married
it was crazy!!
#odgers do NOT need #oswalt - he's Kevin Brown part II.
His grip. His grace. His goodness.
Wings v Preds, Flyers v Pens, Wings v. Preds...clicker getting a workout!
Happy Valentines day to the love of my life, . Now, forever, and always. xoxoxo
good luck.
He could have just bought him McDonalds.
Shapers killed it tonight, which is probably what they often do.
reppin my shirt today- my twitter handle's on the back!! can't wait to see which awesome people (& weirdos) tweet me!!
I have like the most uncontrollable blushing..
Uh, yep.
Obi-Wan did it before Tupac.
If you always give, you will always have. ~ Chinese Proverb
BOOKSIGNING - Martha Stewart signing "Martha's American Food" at COSTCO in Leesburg, VA this Saturday at Noon
help or hurt season tix sales? RT : Chargers confirm GM A.J. Smith & Coach Norv Turner will return in 2012. Story coming...
oh, I swear to you. Ill be there for you.
is the official paper towel of the #highbrour. Perfect for cleaning spilled beer, broken dreams, and vomit in the 'Udio.
You are not alone! That could easily be me!
yea but I think I am gonna leave to go smoke then come back why r u ???
I wish, prob be in around memorial weekend. We gotta catch up bro! RT : U comin back to Ark for mothers day ?
Might be the first to pregame the student leadership banquet at legends. I figure someone has got to start showing some leadership in this!
Locs by Tonia at Napnotiq, check! Shape up & beard trimmed by Mika'il Cobb, my barber, at Thomas Barber Shop 1601 Gorsuch Ave 21218, check!
Burning books, trickle down of disrespect for spiritual traditions and beliefs by WH.
Come drink beer in my backyard, friends.
Love is a leap - I was never inspired to jump.
it's disgusting!
you just gave me a reason to get my car stereo fixed. I'm done at noonish tomorrow - I'll text you!!!
- yep! Loyal, indeed. Should be an interesting playoff season. The Eastern Div was basically handed to us with D. Rose's injury
Let the past be the past and let it pass but sometimes is hard for us to forget about it & we hang on to it for the good memories we had.
haha I love that song lol I forgot about ! :)
lol well ur not ever here duh so shit out of luck to and I got one more hmm
he would start fights with one comment in 6 gr
Hello bastard! Why are you not following me? >.< PS call or text me when you can, I found a solution to one of ur problems! ;)
Tux adventures/Starbucks/story time with >
well, they pulled wright....so...wright lol.
espically the ones in boston :-)
Plan to vote recall on but really respect the opinions of my republican friends. Just honest disagreement.
Need for marketing the good things our academic tech team does = partnership with our Business School?
OH: "This is Klout's perfect usecase, so that people can talk shit to each other around the office."
Just a half hour til #TonyAwards noms. So excited! One of my fave parts of living in #NYC is watching the anncmnt on
Beautiful Morning here in SC. Forecast says 80's today - Nice!!!
It is the best #MondayFunday ever because and are coming!
everything happens for a reason, we just have to accept the truth without losing our faith!
yess it still is -.-
thanks you too!!
That buffalo commercial was awesome
Julian just rocked some sexy vocals on a sexy song with sexy strings and really sexy bass... very very sexy.
Album on I-tunes...
Thank you very much :3 I take pride in it!
i downloaded #DreamsComeTrue :) I LOVE THAT SONG <3
Have you done it yet or still in progress?
Sean Paul > pitbull
RT : "We don't have honors students at Queensborough. We make them."
now its feeling like summery out here
Same RT : wish i was going to EDC
Un'fn'real ... Always someone else's BS!! Time to unleash the fury on Sunday!!!
common place and in some cases coveted, however; when it comes to playing the sports there are no women in football,
RT : Get that car clean for the weekend 80's...hot! thanks guys for RT
Just wanted to give a quick s/o to my beautiful girl for always being there for me & just being amazing
Let not a day pass w/o seeing the good, feeling the good, praising, blessing, & being grateful. Make this your life ; you will be in awe.
You're welcome. Happy to hear you are enjoying it!
who should I bet on?
oh no! Did you have an uber with a dent? :( can you email supportseattle at uber dot com?
RT ": from now on im just going to be quiet."
Must. Keep. Writing. -- My head is so not "in the game" and nothing is coming out right! *grumbles*
my 1 year old son had a break dancing moment this morning. all u have to do is give him music and he will show u how he rolls. lol
This is how I want to spend all of my fall days :P BTW: Happy birthday Dad!
Don't leave home without your wallet. Lesson learned. On the way to #LA for game
Leap frog keeps sending me e mails....
why should giselle hang with the other wives she is not a groupie she makes way more money then brady does
i'll leave it in the mailbox
just walked in to Arts Breakfast
About to play guitars signed by Sarah McLachlan, Joan Jett, Brett Michaels, and Melissa Etheridge, among others, to be auctioned off. :)
I get paid tomorrow doo dee do dee do do
So...I have a paper due at midnight and I can't get logged on to the campus website <<<<<
Must sleep. Gots to edit before work tomorrow. *sees light at end of tunnel* Tweet y'all at 4:30am.
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you got 3 dudes on stage and Maury says "YOU ARE NOT THE FATHER" to all of them
Shot some awesome photos on the beach tonight
I couldn't see u, so many ppl
Thanks to Scott Thompson and the Maryland Athletic Club (MAC) - Timonium for having us for a team TRX workout and happy hour!
I am happy bill clinton went on behalf of the two journalist, thank the Lord i am happy they are home.......
Have you ever noticed that when people describe their pets, they are actually talking about themselves? Pay attention and learn a lot!
LETS JUST BAN HALF OF OUR FAN BASE FOR DOING A GLITCH AND RESET THEM FOR A GAME THEY'VE PUT 5 DAYS INTO IN A MONTH FUCK YOU
i like to cover my webcam with my thumb and click through chat roulette because i don't actually want to talk to anybody.
2011 DRI Annual Meeting: Westlaw hosts Justice Scalia and Garner "Making Your Case" book signing at 10 AM. Join us!!!
Will the bowling season ended today. Finished 22nd in state out of 187 teams. We gave it our best. I love all of you.
THANKJ YOU for the #Shindig Love!
Mood: "Creative" FEEL LIKE WRITING A SONG ONLY I DONT KNOW HOW TO WRITE ONE LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Well, what is it??
I'm Bored…Who Wants To Talk
no need to really! There's other words to use lol
Just tapped Skookum Mammoth Jack Ass
Brochure Design @ $150
Any fear of Gas/Food prices? view "Welcome" video at www.downow.info I give 125 leads /wk enroll www.dowsite.info, my #'s on site
Purple Heart recipient becomes victim of a brutal attack in New Hampshire bar. Landed him in hospital. Story at 5:30 on
David is a very patient man, to put up with such an unstable woman. But I make it worth his while. ;)
Just got word my bro is headed back to the states. Congrats and Salute!
The market is doing great,it really is good news for all us small investors,keep the good news coming,that would exclude Obama and congress.
Home Room
I am..? Lol thanks in that case :)
Agreed: "We are not going to fix government unless we also fix citizenship." Jennifer Palka of Code for America.
Nice, ill check it out. Just did a podcast on #PickupOnSouthStreet for Jackass Critics Podcast. Saw parts of #WhiteDog in prep.
ain't it the truth: RT "I tell my clients that it's impossible to redesign anything without upsetting somebody.” D.Hillman
YOU CAN COME TO ME
I always suggest that a company make the investment and hire a professional to write your ad copy. Creditability depends on it.
SOMEBODY PUT ME TO SLEEP!!! THIS IS SCARY NOW!!! :'(
Not digging search committee decision making when local part timers involved.
Poor Sally is being corrupted on ALL SIDES. Couldn't she just have one night of innocence!
Need a success #coach in #Philadelphia area? Just #text SMARTMOVES to 90210 for contact info & more from Smart Moves Coaching.
Pleasure's all mine...Thanks for having me on the show!
I love Chicago in the winter...CHI town it is...South Loop Tonight... Christmas Party....
Saw Christmas trees at Kroger this morning as I picked up a cup of Christmas Blend. Is it that time of year already?
industry night tonight!!
Austin bound, with mulky and the boys. Who's down for a little Geisha Room??
Happy Birthday Sweetheart
yeah you pretty much pissed all over yourself
ma u know i'mma need u to Poke it out saturday #MonkeyBallBiz Chi Go-Rilla
Made it to Cairo! Now comes the sitting in the airport part.
i'm hoping theres a boston date :)
You had good reason to be distracted from school. How bad did school go?
Home improvement Monday. Yawn.
Word of the day on Sesame Street today is "JOURNAL".
I know..it's crazy!
BBQ turkey wings, greens and cabbage hit the spot.
Strong use of your "Clarinet choir" synth patch during Uncle Grampa's, ! Bass clarinets do = creepy lair-dwellers.
46% of people described themselves as couch potatoes – a major contributing factor to being overweight
Talk to people about themselves and they will listen for hours- Disraeli
I hate the stars because I look at the same ones as you do, without you :( ! Soon enough will count them together inshAllah :)
Is having to go see the #Avengers at midnight tonight a good enough excuse to call off work tomorrow?
stop by the Size Matters panel at #MFEConference to hear Michael Ytterberg, Principal, BLTa, talk about apartments of the future
I try to clear the Finals Week Friday of meetings, then I just make a coffee and get going! Have a good summer, Macie!
RT : i swear your always crackin me up! "Uncle Ben" is too funny lol! <~~~~~ :)
true but surprised by all media who just assume he is lying and, not willing to let process run its course.
20 minutes #Fringe West Coast fans...are u ready?
See, I've been waiting allday for you to call me baby. <3
Of course, this wouldn't be an issue if they'd just invent a free-range, organic, all-natural, local, ethically sourced Slurpee.
RT : Hack For Humanity/Made at MiKE come hang with the + crew this weekend!...
I finally made my way here....:)
Oh dear!
This money from strangers show is funny.
Fuckin hate airports
barcamp + philly = love. “: That reminds me! You and and I should make plans for April 28 soon.”
May he be eternal zombie.
Happy New Year! What projects can we get started for you?
Amen! I can't find no food..
18 followers! Who da thunk? Time to tweet important stuff, I guess.
#GoTribe still cannot take in the fact that the Indians lost like that....not the best start but they will get better
Dammit,just dropped my phone on its face...thank gosh for 'Gorilla Glass'!
Happiness is having the freedom to practice ones faith. Church bells are ringin' and I'm going to late!
wow - red vinyl with a black dust jacket - could anything serve an album of murder ballads more?
#CHICO hasn't changed much, still tons of booze, hot ladies, crazy drunk dudes everywhere...
I can tell this season of #DanceMoms is going to be even better than the last!! #guiltypleasures So happy Chloe won the first competition
Dan, to answer your question, yes, every Sat @ Allerton Hotel 2nd floor. 7-11pm
Day 2 of my son and I doing fun spring break stuff. Yesterday was awesome...weather, sites, behavior (mostly) Lots of OT opportunities, too
That what makes you beautiful! #OneDirection! <3
sort sweetie!
As soon as One Direction comes on the radio me and my mom turn it up and sing really loud!(: #obsessed <3
oh nice
omg at these videos from the concert thooooo
#LRT story of my life.
Waste money on a book that has no value or buy a book to gain control over you healthcare forever ! www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php
great... maybe one day our paths will cross on a trail race. seem like we have similar 31 year old ultra aspirations.
New funny/wierd t-shirt.... must see! Http://www.cafepress.com/wierdooh Http://www.cafepress.com/wierdoohdude
TONIGHT Ub's Restaurant & Bar(live Music Venue) Cheap Drinks and Dope Hip Hop all night with DJ DBX Mesa AZ. Broadway/Dobson,Live Hip Hop.
Kewl. Can't wait to hear! :D
Dear Grove: when I type "Wagner" into the search bar, want to take a wild guess as to who I am searching for? Hint: he's not Belarusian.
We're looking for some new music for the brewery. Ideas?
find out tomorrow without him knowing if he is. dont tell him i think hes talking shit
Yankees win THAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA Yankees win!!!!! That was for you Mo
Right on, Tiana! How are you doing?
¡Feliz Cinco de Mayo! (a holiday celebrated more north of the border than south. Thanks beer companies.)
Goodness, July prepubs in the February issue of !
Hahaha that's what I'm saying! What a guy
Want to see a bunch of librarians run, push, and shove? Come see the doors open at the free lunch.
thanks alot. i appreciate it
it b better if my damn pillow wld of fit that bitch
Our middle-aged neighbors are clearly watching something starring Bruce Willis or several fighter jets.
#flyers tonight but laundry now
Get Rock Hard Abs with Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Dee Gordon
What a great sunny Mother's Day in Boston. When the clouds come and gunfire erupts it's Baby Mamma's Day. Very lonely day in the Hood for Ma
Going to call this guy who sext T-Booty's (T-heart's daughter) friend after giving her his number while on a date with another girl.
Rip Dick Clark......until we meet in heaven
Turns out less compression on everything might be the key to a new mix of a new song o' mine. It's what happens when ur comps aren't fancy.
awesome! thats going to be super distracting! hows the end of the semester treating you?
Happen to me too! Had an F U attitude after that. RT : They got me in jacksonville but won't let a nigga go home
A species of dolphin is born naturally blind in the Indus and Ganges rivers in South Asia
I'm going to go to his "home" cause i am having his love and heart.. xox
now following
Like Events? Like Having Fun? You better #FF , ,
PS: Kill Bill, Volume 3. That'll definitely stir things up!
Yes it should.
i like your name LMFAO
Happy Birthday :)
really? He brought lad to the nlcs 2 years in a row!
WHY DIDNT NOBODY TELL ME I HAD MY EARRINGS IN TWO DIFFERENT HOLES -_-
mw3, skyward sword, super hero squad online (with my son), dragon age in facebook and skylanders.
Having a minor panic attack
Watching college basketball on :)
I luv Claire's!
Thank you for the Follow Fridays!!!
Someone told me that your love was invincible- sounded crazy but now I live by the principle.
Mike Tyson is terrifying.
that would be amazing or super annoying ...the old you and new you in one body.
#PetPeeve: TYPING IN ALL CAPS
Happy Monday! Here's your goal today: make a list of three things you've needed to do, but kept putting off -- and do them!
If you come here enough you dont even notice whats on the tvs
That moment at the hipster club when you feel like you're not getting the DJ...
and try to get there at the same time as me okuuurrrr
I'm feeling 's verse on Future's Same Damn Time Remix Luda's as well!
Ok I'm serious now goodnight! <3
My self doubt is paralyzing me .
Thank you very much!
ugh this is gonna take alot of frickin work !! :(
lol at least you got a warning! discretion!
The world will make a path for those who know where they are going- InSpotter app
Spright....forever and always.
RT : Trust me... You were just a little crush that grew into something more.
holla at hook oomp up perez
Lunch time at The Drop. Kobe burger special. See you soon.
I love it.
Life must be good. I usually just don't want the day to end.
OMFG I HAVE NEVER HEARD THUNDER SO LOUD
They screamed & shook so hard last nite thks duke university for having the queen of bounce!!! Can't wait to return
um there are so many reasons that that's true.
Mf's kill me ! Acting like they dnt forget shit sometimes....just fckd up my entire day -__- !!!!!
3 and a half more days of this bullshit? Fuck school.
Welcome! RT : #momaboard will be reporting tomorrow LIVE from #Vegas! happy #Friday!
ballin' on a budget
it's when they use candles to take the wax out of your ear. I am going to have it down on Saturday. I'll let u know
Listening 2 "Man I Wanna Be" ... I cant stop pressing replay.
RT : wow Moyer is 49 and still playing that's crazy
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :Roxie is always kind. Thanks!
I wonder Wat would happend if I ate a banana wen I'm using the bathroom will it come in our out
and wrote a check for 99 cents...
GABI I HAVENT HEARD FROM YOU IN AGES. I MISS YOU SO MUCH. SPEAK TO ME! Love you :)
MY BOYFRIEND CASE CAME IN!!!(: AH
Advice from Olympic Athlete, Joanna Hayes at #upstream2012: set short goals. Advice we all can use :)
Hey Mark. My Saturday rocked, thx. Yours? "Hello, Chris! Had a good Saturday?" cc:
I can't sleep and I have to wake up early.
Who ever said school startes on monday does NOT have a heart!!
Oh, ... "When the Shard is completed in April 2013, it will be the tallest inhabited building in Europe." He said "shard" ...
all that spaghetti in your pocket must have thrown you off
could be the pants keeping the talent away
I love all my heartI wish hed let me explain.Id never do anything to hurt him.I only want to be with him.I cant live without him
Haha, you always find the coolest stuff. If you close your eyes, it sounds like he's calling a Mark Reynolds home run.
Man shapes himself through decisions that shape his environment!!
Today's News: Our Take - Jane Elliot Dishes Her Role as General Hospital's ...: TV Guide Magazine spoke with Elliot - a brilliant, fe...
The way that you accomplish tasks with a product — what you do and how it responds — that's the interface. ~ Jef Raskin
mary jane was there for me today
Hey Debra! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
#amazing race wheres Phil?
how was your mamas day love????
Done with classes for the semester!!!!! Hooray! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
haha .. it's a bar down here where they have live music.. but now i too have kris and will in my head.. *head bobs*
This might be a bloody round.
At the very least, we're still undefeated coming into the 2013 season. Pre-season hustle. 2013 is ours
Please Follow Me ily guys so Much!! U guys r such a inspiration Not only because im 12 but because U guys could seriously DANCE!
Thanks for the RT! Long time. How have you been?
Mom fell in love w Dad at a Blackhawks game, She was so excited, her slip straps broke & it fell to floor. Dad just kicked it under seats!
I'd love to see your #aviation license plate - like your background image, but no plate visible.
I can't handle this anymore.
"Zip it. Zip it out. Unzip it." - to It's an interesting day in the Annex.
::takes the ball and runs with it:: >:D
who are the babes in your pic
Wearing my teal t-shirt, sitting next to just voted for myself aka President and VP. #GotGov more than ever!
Vikings Take Manhattan! No, not a new movie, just Salem State University going sight seeing this weekend!
Deep tissue body massages are great. Just be get ready to trade some pain for relaxation...
Stop sub tweetin and @ me, so I know its real
What did you do all weekend?
please stay alive. Puking blood is so Gene Simmons. It doesn't behoove you.
Hottest new boy band OMNIDIRECTIONAL PANOPTICON maintains an ever-vigilant policing of the social order with these Hot Sexy Tunes For Teens
- I was just there about 2 weeks ago. They've done a lot of sprucing up. Looks much nicer.
“ Happy New Year! #2012”
I've got friends by my side I've got hope in my eyes And dreams to aspire too And the whole wide world to watch below
but now most Southerners don't know their history beyond a certain point, hence the lack of awareness of these similarities.
Matthew Kemp is an absolute monster. Braun, look what u unleashed in LA! The craziest part is that he plays in pitchers park Dodger Stadium!
haha I'm workin til like 9 but if you wanna after I'm so down. I miss u too!!
'77 Blazers basketball autographed by team... Timbers behind-scenes access... Civil War football tix!!! www.baldfacedtruth.org
#dressupfriday could be more fun to see how u look by lunchtime if everyone brings something for you to wear...
Great benefit last night for the Wistar Institute on Penn's campus. Private research institute invented rabies, german measles vaccine
<U+4E00><U+671F><U+4E00><U+4F1A>that means enjoy each moment that is only once in your life:)
Can you ever have too many antioxidants??
He won't turn, but they're teasing it and I'd love to see it. But people will still cheer for him regardless.
Cellphones are great until you typo something and look like an idiot!
One FREE mimosa for all mamas today PLUS $5 off breakfast pizzas. Happy Mama's Day.
And everywhere I look, you're all I see, did you mean anything, can't you see you're my everything?
R.I.P Whitney Houston
played with an ipad today, pretty neat..
Following others never gets you anywhere first. Lead and you will never get anywhere last.
I do not understand why French is so difficult for me. They try to teach me, but I just can't learn it!
yo bro, you wasnt serious about quitting music... was you? you have a lot of talent.
haha I'm wit cha on that!!
Sometimes I tell myself my day will be perfect and no one will bother me, then I see Tom Hanks and she just ruins everything
What a beautiful day!!!!
Low $ homes near transit will keep it that way! RT : #pedscount2012 Lots of data shows many many southern Californians walk!!
I saw Freedom Writers - it's a good story!
ain't even close ! You are AMAZING !!!!
stifle your sarcasm.
Found a cool new blog on songwriting called Good stuff.
I have the shittiest luck. It is unbelievable.
Every day I'm hustling :P
Yes but I am hungry again approximately 30 seconds after finishing a bag of fruit snacks.
The TOP #1%PERCENT #OWNS #50% of the #STOCK #MARKET! Get in on the action, even if u just put in $20 wk in an ETF! No interest @ the banks
Kinda pissed off right now
Personality Marketing is the latest trend in Branding in an era of information overload and virtual relationships.
Today was a good day
Thank you for following ! Follow us while we go on our first safari to Croatia. We can't wait!
Copy terms and policies from docs to HTML is a drag
: Glad you like the BigOven app on the iPod/iPhone! (I'm the CEO and author.) Happy cooking!
let me know what you think!
Robin van perrywinkle does it again for Arsenal! Great game
I hear RackSpace & now unfortunately think Rack City :-/
Reminder: if you are a young man out drinking in Wisconsin, don't get separated from your group and/or go near water. Too many deaths.
Oh shit beaux arts ball you are crazier than I thought holy moly
S/O to my new amazing follower :D
It's amazing how GOD work only if yall only knew
Your post is so much more eloquent than I could ever hope to be :-) Keep up the good work bro !!
i can not stand GMail!! it's over with us. I am closing you down for better applications!!! HAHAHAHHAHAH GMail Sucks!!
burned 142 calories doing 20 minutes of "Calisthenics (pushups, sit-ups), vigorous effort"
10$ off anything just use rep code : lesher 100
Oh lawd! “: I needta see faith. I got Hella juice”
waved at this guy i thought was he smiled, but i think he noticed i realized it was the wrong guy haha
Unposter on research of LOC classifications of paraphilias and sexuality as medical "issues"
Signs that the Vegas housing market has hit bottom: only 5,500 houses on the market today vs 25k 3 yrs ago. Most w/ multiple offers
Starting the week back in the office. Ready and excited to start patient care. It's gonna be fun today!!
Mcdonalds Girl in VA Beach: where y'all from? Us: Virginia... Her: <skeptical> Us: 37 mcgriddles plz
#SomePeopleShould get locked up by da fashion police Lol!
I'm really starting to like Aoki, he's a valuable player to have on the roster.
they have been calling his bluff from the beginning because they know taqiyya when they see it.
#edusadoha US embassies and #EducationUSA help US #highered connect with foreign MOEs to increase US colleges access to int'l students
Thanks for the RT's y'all, I appreciate it!
Nap time, stupid Webber
Looking for #travel plans for #SpringBreak? Whether you're traveling with #family or #friends, #SanAntonio is the perfect #getaway!
I'd be quit alright if you followed me ;)
we aren't all as old as you. What was your pet dinosaurs name again?
We suspect they may have not given us the correct "syzzurp" as you say as it didn't taste much different from regular "syzzurp"
Medical assistant next year....
Rest in peace #DonnaSummer ... your music always makes me smile.
Apple released iOS 5.1. It's been running on our development iPhone 4S for quite a while - 1st release that works with Bluetooth Low Energy
going to second that suggestion. Carolyn my gateway to loving Merce.
Overall, this weekend was a success :D
: "Just took my last class of my student career...EVER!" Be careful what you wish for! :)
you're not catching on, ugh. What does itch rhyme with?
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
nice turnout! Hope #DC was awesome!
shout out to the homie. thank you for fighting for our freedoms. Get home safe so we can wreck shop in colorado.
There we go!
Beyond Scared Straight -Juvenile Justice Reform: Hearing to determine if teen suspect in Craigslist shootings will be tried as adult |
Proud to work for -- way to take the #phxaddys by storm!
Catch strut down the #SDGoRed runway and in the pages of ! Go Holly!
Today from 530 to 830pm, show us this tweet and get HALF off your drink! Limit 1 per tweet:)
QoTD: "Life isn't like a box of chocolates... it's more like a jar of jalapenos. What you do today might burn your ass tomorrow." (Un ...
Thanks so much Zach! I truly appreciate it. Now, go enjoy some free music!
RIP Dick Clark.
!!! RT : This will be the last time I watch this show...
Welcome MLB All Star!!! We still have some limos available. Call us at 602-904-6232
too dope!
My goal is to meet one direction no matter how old I become(:
Happy B-day you guys!
Happy to hear about India's new obsession with Bobby D. In high school my BFF and I used to write him letters
Today's Cancer Up-side: Dentists don't bitch at you about not flossing when you're in for treatment to prep for head & neck radiation.
You are the fire on my apartment floor. I'd rather burn than fall. <U+2665>
We are very excited about creating the LIVING CHAIR w/ living wall artist Edmundo Ortega for the Farmers Mkt
#GeorgeWBush is for !
Exactly! They were from Hawaii..we replaced them! Small world, eh? :)
Busy day here at WebCamWindow. Working on something really cool!
Happy 227th birthday to reknowned ornithologist, naturalist and painter John James Audubon!
I was just about to RT that
oh god i am always a day ahead.
Trying to get myself together.
margaritas tomorrow afternoon?
Your designs are absolutely stunning btw
Thank you Benjie!
HEy Wine World on the Twitterverse! This is who I LOVE to Follow!
The refs would have been lynched in East Lansing if they called it the other way.
I'm planning on going dancing tonught.... Cue music, "the club can't even handle me right now."
Check out our FREE EP at www.keycommittee.com! Oh, and if anyone gets us a gig, we will get you hammered!
Don't front you still gon let a nigga slide through later
I still don't understand why Bill Clinton was so condemned for messing around. The guy WAS in the middle of using his hall pass.
yeah! it helps that they are gummies :D
Talking about my current exhibition "Wait For It" tonight at Minnesota State Mankato. 7pm
Go spurs!!
I wanted it to be grizz vs heat....Now my guys on da heat gotta get there.
Merry Christmas everyone!!
why yes ma'am
mine was exactly one month yesterday:P
only if they bring me tchotchkes
Tired of not being appreciated cutying it out
Audition for principal for feature film at Universal Studios
Pets are like emotional sponges. Keep a positive, happy attitude for their best health www.wholepetdiet.com
The 7 Deadly Sins of Social Good — And How to Avoid Them
Congrats! "The Moon Coin" looks awesome : )
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up. Jesse Jackson
Why, I want you to! At this point theres no absolute way I can get the money..I spend it too much on other bands.
i texted you EARLY this morning dude. yousuck.
Lmfaoo sluts. You have a boyfriend & you text 50 other guys.
Jake and Amir is awesome. youtube it!
": The #SuperBowl is like American politics: millionaires hitting each other to make 100 yards of progress. #USA"
Spontaneous day #2. I enjoy spontaneity
What will future truth seekers think when they find this video.
is recovering from an awesome camping trip, replete with family and friends, s'mores, and shooting stars.
It's Graduation Day at the Aviation Technology Center for Vincennes University Students. Congratulations to all!
#thatawkwardmoment when u tryna ball out by payin for ur shoes wit a credit card and then lady at the register tells you
Find the red Zagat shirt hanging on the pole off Republic and Boren.
So I am doing a screenwriting workshop on Saturday with a focus on character. And I just found out we'll be discussing Drive. =)
I'm getting my phone fixed tomorrow so hopefully I'll have it back by tomorrow night or Tuesday D: wiasknzadsfjasdkfjzaynads
OH! She means she loves Erica more than she loves me. That's not surprising.
lol >>>> low prices everyday .
Congrats on third place for best restaurant food coverage from the AFJ.
I feel as if it is time to go already.
: You are SO lucky. Great Laker game tonight.
Have a great weekend, Tweeps! Hope you find ways to #thrive this wknd!
me too!
lol they do but you gotta pay. Just watch it on tv, they show it on channel 9 :)
Following the first 5 people who RT this :)
Just added 's panel to my #sxsw schedule.
RT S/O to miss for rockn out 2days shoot wit !!! Great job on make- up too!!!
I make him pizzas all the time!
This week's features Brittney from Listen Saturdays @ 10am or Sundays @ 8pm on
James Harrison suspension is PR move by nfl to cover up their useless concussion policies
Better than really working. #WorkplacePayoff - $100/hr every hour m-f 9a-5p - Your cue in minutes.
#top100lies Obama will get unemployment under 8 percent
explain how to combat same sex marriage to those that claim we as Christians should only love,tolerate,forgive and include
Stop 8 - Coaches!!! Whiskey and some fries to complete the night!
i wanted to go see the avengers today but i dont like going to the movies before 6 :|
Back to Jens house
The beautiful journey of today can only begin when we learn to let go of yesterday - Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free
Thank You Jesus for loving us as we are!
Huge hug for from the President.
Oh yeah. RT is rockin' a great green living giveaway with Chicago boutique Enter to win today!!
See the documentary “The Shot Felt ‘Round the World” Nov. 11-13!
Now watching PHANTOM FROM SPACE(1953). Doesn't look too exciting but at least it seems better than the last one I tired to watch.
Used your pasta tonite with red sauce w/ fresh veggies for dinner- delicious, thanks for helping make our meal aHHmazing.
Just received awesome news for a charity event I'm planning-- Time for happy music! Its gonna be a
no problem :)
Thanks for the invite. Count me in!
Leibowitz of the : "Privacy & innovation go hand in hand" Exactly! Both come from market forces not govt fiat
oh boy oh boy oh boy....
#ImGettingTiredOf smiley face texts from ur mom
ewww for real???
Online.... How is everyone doing?
Coming to London tomorrow! "Matilda" in the p.m.- can't wait. Any recs for later?
aww thanks :) so are you!
Retain our company for your customer service call needs! We can handle your calls professionally and keep your clients satisfied!
Well i wanna be a pediatrician but i don't know yet! (x
The whole episode left much to be desired...
Are you an artist/musician/band looking for a gig on a Sun, Mon, Tue or Wed? Contact us!
“: The Heat practically tried to give the game to the pacers and they just wont take it! Smh” and vice versa
"If a Jew tweets it, it's okay."
was he BIG? ( blush )
how did two weeks pass?! I can't believe you're back. Welcome home!
if you returen to you #abuser(s) you could be abused again and even #KILLED!! #theabusecyclestopswithme !!
Finally succumbing to illness. With Lee Hazlewood on the stereo.
you're just faking it. you dont actually like me.
Direct eye contact is a mother fucker lol
Happy Monday! Have a great day off to those who have the day off! Lol
I want a sneak peek!!
Each day im realizing more and more that im better off without in my life thanks for all the good times though but now im moving on
its my sister bday party
Kathleen Falk nails double-digit win over Tom Barrett in straw poll following 1st Dem Party-sponsored campaign forum.
you are a very strange person... Haha I was going to send you that pic to make your morning better.. But I decided to save it ;)
no good! Hopefully it turns around before the weekend! Otherwise...we'll help out!
You know when I told you guys imma start a twitter diary it starts tomorrow get ready Life of cutie coming soon
it'll buy u another chance ! RT I got the 4 & 23. Did I win a dollar? lol Darn, I guess I have to go back to work
#projectX a movie starts on march 2nd, which is on my birthday!)) are there any free tickets for me? Would like to watch a movie, please!)))
Dolphins crushed/Bills win, wife makes killer hamburgers, daughter reads first 4 letter words, final touches on dissertation proposal.
The Consumer Interactions, LLC homepage just launched! Uber beta but its live.. and was built by !
send me those school pics of the 11s :(
Audition Tip: Even if you only sing 16 bars at auditions, it’s in your best interest to know the entire song.
though apparently our city won't allow me to plant anything at all in my own backyard because of a drainage easement
“: Hello IL friends! RT : On exec #ILSHRM executive board call with & others” ears burning?
will have downtime for final migration - different sections of #alma will have different downtime
Thank you for joining the cause! Together we can bring a new approach to Ward 5!
Guess I will watch some futurama to help pass the time
u do
Ugh I don't like Erica from Bad Girls Club .
Frappucino time! Walking down the street with a whipped cream mustache. I know what it looks like. I don't care. Feels good.
He is so good. But people hype him up too much about being clutch and it gets annoying. And Lebron is better.
All this hurricane talk is annoying. It's coming, prepare and wait. Otherwise leave. No reason to panic.
She's got to learn real fast to not do that crap anymore.
Me and this fridge have this sexual tension thing going on...
On top of that, I'm bored.
Excited about the big splash is going to make at this year. Come check out our booth.
Got a call from a scam artist purporting to be with our A/C installer to schedule "checkup"...bogus phone number. Beware! .
BBQ at Vets Home on Friday - Salt Lake Tribune
I love the way you tweet. #gurl “: this really sucks in my favor. ”
"Stress is the fertilizer of creativity"
haha ya I'm mad...all those messages killin my phone battery lol
Wow! Great offer. I will follow up w u on that. I'd also like to find a corner of a place where I might set up a pop-up bakery
And the best for last: Delivery of the game ball at Saturday's game! Call 402-403-3776 to get your tickets today!
thanks for following our Ministry for abused Children have a Great Christmas and New Year..Blessings your way:)))))
Who is going to see the movie, "Grease," at the Historic Turner Ballroom Feb. 11? Popcorn and beer will be served!
Amen RT : I really liked Dwight Howard before all this nonsense. Just play the game and deal with the nonsense after the season.
Cavs center Anderson Varejao out indefinitely due to fractured right wrist.
You can ask him.
I'm following the next 12,467 people that follow
personal consumption is okay, just don't let anyone have a sip, that's intent to distribute.
I did that on purpose for you :) lol
Chevy grad commercial good but we've seen it Soo many times
no chipotle? Wow. Sounds like prison
Let's challenge producers of #HungerGames to put some of their profits to use protecting children from use as Child Soldiers.
Go Follow my bestfriend <U+2665> shes #Teammindless, cool, and pretty;)
u got much on x
Im gonna be doing some facebook stalking to see where everyones going to college now that its finally the deadline.
Shelly duncan clutch double
Lolz idk what's going on
Stop by the #Dell #NAAMBA booth today if you are interested in a career w/ Dell
Tweet me I'm bored
Learning Polish with my friends... This crap is crazy!!!
thanks for the shout! At rehearsal now. Big show Friday. Pineapple Jacks. 10 pm.
elderkitty has come out of her shell and is roaming the house ... very nice
thanks for the follow mr. seattle... Hope life is treating you well;)
What am I gonna do without my boo for 4 days ? :/
damn you spotify premium!
Wish you could read my mind right now, then hopefully you'd understand...
cuz i think toast left gs
*looks at cardigan collection* So on the nose. RT : Friday Fact: Cardigans notwithstanding an archivist is not a librarian.
It is generally known that the word "barbeque" entered English from the Taino language.
It's gonna be nutty.
Cubs Lost. I'm drinking.. I'm feeling just fine.
what the french is this a dawm reunion
please notice me!!! please 21
i dont think so is she not with you?
Shoulda went to Orlando for Allstar wknd but watchin on tube $$$$ not this year _CIAA will do & southbeach mid summer~~~Word!
Sh*t I'm losing followers because I can't follow back!!!, something is wrong withy iPod!!!!!!
I'm sure Freddy Garcia will use the same excuse.
Had an awesome time meeting all my Alabama family today. Aunt Kitty sure can bake a pound cake!
If Austin come to indonesia, I guess he will never forget how beautiful Indonesian culture is
Disassembling an iPhone should be left to professionals.
Ugh! Why do people have cell phones and never answer them?!! Grrrrr!
Today's best heard line: "Beware the articulate incompetent."
"You can do side bends or sit-ups, but please don't lose that butt!"
-~|~|- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Thanks to for RT-ing our #artsblog article!
wow i havent been on here in 3 whole days!
I don't even think they should do that...
Which astronaut wears the biggest helmet?The one with the biggest head.
'Kay, got that part. How do I include links in my tweets?
Thankfully we have a girl, 1 1/2, so guess we have a year to go before this craziness! Thanks though, good luck!
Brady is channelling his inner Matt Flynn.
Where ever you find your strength go there at your weakest moments.
RT : If you chase two rabbits, both will escape.
been trying to get a hold of you. Let's jam!
better to listen to purple rain than watch purple rain
Yessir Ben, much love for that. is the man, it's crazy how he's sustained his relevance for so long. 100% legend. /Cc
If I'm alive and well, will you be there holding my hand? I'll keep you by my side with my superhuman might.
You experience more when you live free
RT I have the blues. No reason - it's a girl thing. : ( *it is a girl thing and we just have to wait it out. hang in there*
back at yo ass
Everyone wish a happy birthday. - E
beside Todd is really helping us out with the PR api and CM app, I wouldn't have figured it out myself that quick, he is awesome !
Gotta love Tupac..but he was able to reach a much wider audience in death than he did in life..same with kurt cobain & many others
this is my first time watching it. I may or may not have teared up at one point..
Follow back? xx
I don't understand how my day can go from great to fucking miserable in such a hurry. Ugh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>. Kill me soon please<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>.All <U+2B07>hill from here.
oh boy, that came out wrong....I meant that oak creek dude must have been the SECOND choice ;)
Looking at how higher ed engages with advanced core technologies at today's #ACTI12 member meeting.
when do you guys open?
It's #snowing! Put on a liquid jacket tonight with $1 drinks! One of the best #deals in
I need something to do
Busy day in the office today, setting up VoIP systems for our customers! ...We do all the hard work for you :D
About to get some blackberry wheat at thr3e wisemen! it's been awhile!
Mine just seems excited about the whole thing; looking forward to board games after test, mostly.
Just saw it! Thank you! :)
Installing a free copy of #Rift that was given to me by my bosses at yesterday. Let the gaming commence!
I'm to young to die, so turn me on. ~Nicki Minaj
Feels good outside
thank you for sharing your story today at @ StJudeCCS
can you follow me? <3
Funny stuff and true
Happy Friday, and thank you for your follow! Have you had a chance to come in and sanctuate! with us yet?
For those wondering, I will be live tweeting the derby.
NM Hot Chocolate (a steamy cup 'o cocoa with a NM kick) is my drink of choice this afternoon.
I gotta start updating our twitter so fmb
Interactivity built into training modules and video presentations can help keep the audience engaged.
it just makes no sense. who wants a non-gay "gay" network??
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle the road to el titties
I'm starting on it in a little bit I think.
The new CBS morning show not in HD?
I don't wana live my life without u
Indiana Ice game at 7:05pm, come out and support cuz all the other teams in the city arent doing well (Colts) or just arent playing (Pacers)
Watching NFL Replay on #Packers vs #Giants..getting ready to put that ass whoopin on 'em
When people touch my hair LOL <<<<<
Chicago is home to so many wonderful musical artists. Thanks to all those artists who make the music scene outstanding! Keep playing! 1 Luv
Jealous.. I've only been to NYC like 5 times, and I live in New York hahah.
Sigh, not ready for today. Can I sleep more #please ?
Or shoot him with a tranquilizer dart and mail him to Uzbekistan?
Awkward... Lack of mic coordination.
Please fix air conditioner
RT "Scheming virtuously"
You're welcome.
You mean I can't update my sexy amazing picture
": Hart said knee had been bothering him for week or so. Remembers slipping with cleats on sidewalk at complex." He meant buffet
LeBron James wins his 3rd MVP with only 27 years old > Michael Jordan & Larry Bird won their first 3 with 29 > Magic Johnson with 30.
#RimaIsDope RT : Another cloudy day in LA :(
I was gonna go in for a beer and saw that and wonder... Who's waiting on the customers...
EYBL this morning all I could think about was you and when I went to sleep last night same thing happend to
. Just caught up with the ol' destroy-Wrigley argument. Z. Wrigley's what's right. It's the teams that have been wrong.
I'm into the inverted scrolling, but now I'm totally screwed on my PC! I bet there's a way to invert it on Windows 7 too.
Sh*t, I'm lagging on going to the city, need to fly now.
Looking forward to SOTU parties this week.
Follow this to keep up with us when we enter the studio on Feb. 15!
i am in desperate need to go tanning
slow dancing in a burning room by john mayer live :)
RT RT : Do what you feel in your heart to be right - for you'll be criticized anyway. -Eleanor Roosevelt
sorry my comp died right as I finished burning Michele's copy but I'll have it tonight
So thankful that Football is on tv right now..
RT If your apartment is hit by a dolphin, DO NOT GO OUT TO SEE IF THE DOLPHIN IS OKAY. That's how the hurricane tricks.
Set going to S. America- the hemisphere is covered with us!
Oh.my.god. Thanks for the A-M-A-Z-I-N-G concert tonight <3 BEST. CONCERT. EVER. crowd surfed 7 times!<33
how did you do against them?
Come visit our staff at #NSTA12 booth #1832 and learn about an amazing fellowship for #STEM teachers!
I was wondering who Henry was lol
Excited to announce that I'll be playing the role of Fran Walker in Frank D. Gilroy's THE ONLY GAME IN TOWN opening September 23rd.
so many Pal's problems...maybe you should ask the guy that dines at Mid City that may also work at Pal's
With many companies involvd in Social Buying & a multitude of offers available daily isn't it time 4 a soc. buying search engine/aggregator?
Who won the golf game?
While in Provo, I'll visit the Post Office & Philatetlic Bureau. Curious to see if they have an exhibit area, or if it's all about sales.
Julissa always seems to make me smile. I really grown to love that girl<3
It's pronounced just like it's spelled: TWO-ROCK-ZEE
arrowhead, the loudest stadium in the NFL, get ready girl!
we didn't get socialized healthcare nor was what he proposed socialist
I've talked to friends, talked to myself, talked to God, and Prayed like hell,but I still miss you.
I have spent enough time making electronic music when I should have been studying to accumulate TWENTY TWO tracks in progress. Get ready.
Great sign I saw on the street in Vancouver. I think all restaurants should be 'peaceful'!
What browser and what version are you on? Thanks!
GOOD LUCK!:)
Im feelin that i love the soul of the 70's
*hugs back* yep
Public domain images come from somewhere. Why not #CiteYourSources to give each repository a public eye boost?
You asked and we listened - we now have #WIRELESS internet in all of our guestrooms! #Woot! #SanDiego #hotel attn:
Live on a boat... never a good thing.
a photograph of everything I've ever heard
Hola =D We should start a book exchange ...
Ok great....may stop thru RT : thanks lady we will be tonight
1st it's "leeonel" not the train set. 2d he's not great, barca is. That's why he can't score for his country. Look it up.
We're dreaming of you in the studio with us, having the time of your life w/ us being all gorgeous!
Watch live now as advocates testify about the Anti Bullying Act of 2010 on Comcast 13.
My honey and I celebrated our new home with a vibrant 2010 Riesling from Light, sweet, delicious. A must-try!
15,306 was the announced attendance if you missed it
What? You can just... not run buses?
Thank you, love..appreciate ya RT : Str8 Up! Grind 2 Rise
Thanks for the follow, Lark!
I'm so thankful that modern medicine has given us Benadryl, to stop the itchy eyes & runny nose. I just wish it didn't make me so loopy.
I'm looking forward to it. Another good place for a quick work lunch during summer when the students are few & I can park at 1pm.
they walk the stage today "WO
I'm excited for your start of success, cause you know you have more and more to offer. I'm betting your "followers" will double
On the train to DC for #PCCOpCo12. Two fun filled days of discussing #RDA and #cataloging and the annual CONSER cage match (er...meeting).
no one has followed me recently... haha
When u stop lyin I might actually have a heart attack lol......
ROAD CLOSURE: Powell closed in both directions between 99th and 104th, power pole repair from earlier accident
#StayConnected w/us cus very soon I'm going to be doing a Freegive away to 1 of my followers!
Hashtag gave that one away.
Why is the audience trying to go on gia
There's a process of change that happens
Haha! That makes me feel better. :)
Thank you so much! I followed you back =)
I hear you. I certainly don't love it $63 worth.
I'd kill for december right about now
awesome! i work in herndon, kind of close-ish. let's catch up sometime!
At the lake with
COME TO MY HOUSE AT 4 TO SEE ME BEFORE PROM
Went to bed at 6pm and now just woke up! I'm seriously a vampire! Lolz
classy chocolate to put on a penis
You're a corporate TOOL!!!!
nice! cocktails with juice is still healthy. Isn't it?
Does it REALLY end the run??! The show closed w/ a decision lingering. PLEASE tell me there's gonna be a movie!!
He needs to be dismissed from the program. Classless!
new look new music got my Sexy in the city girl on....(#^_^#)
Lets go Cardinals!!
#ASPH meetings for Finance, Research, & Academic Affairs are underway at #UMD. Attendees are friendly, hard-working, & a pleasure to host.
what can i say cool ranch doritos are calling my name!
In the presence of giants. And volcanos and tartar sauce. And stylish eyewear. #HIVE11 speaker dinner. You can't wait to meet these guys!
Thank you very much for passing this along! Amazing what we can do these days using social media.
Big K.R.I.T. just got "it"...can't wait til that #LiveFromTheUnderground album.
Most everyone on twitter is so self absorbed.
Last Thursday needs you! Join us tonight @ 7pm @ 6 Days Gallery, 2724 NE Alberta & learn how to plug in as a valued volunteer!
A victory is always worth the struggle <3
My Dad has had Clippers season tickets for years. This is the year I go to a game.
well stated! Nice job!
thank god your running you have my vote and everyone i can get together in virginia
: RT Batman: Arkham City nominated for the BAFTA Video Games. I just voted for The Dark Knight!
thanks Claudia. Much appreciated :)
back to Nelson? Trade?
Typical female ": I'm getting so emotional!"
Very nice. I usually just take day trips down as don't have a place to stay. I sent u a DM. Did u get it?
SHUT THE FUCK UP YOU IRRELEVANT ALARM CLOCK I'M LISTENING TO BREATHE CAROLINA
RT : My pedometer: Today covered 6.0 mi in 91 min and burned 550 Cals | Kicking some butt there...keep it up
A personal message for Edwin. HAPPY THANKSGIVING! I hope you have a great time withv your loved ones.
swag me out bitch
charge is a function integral with time and spin is a function integral with velocity. for time charge is related to phihat and phihat^2
Nut! What did you really do??
Also, it isn't "cool" to drink Sbux anymore but due to convenience I am often uncool.
what a pretty looking sticker!!! And guitar!! Remember show June 14th my friend. Thanks for your support
i wouldn't doubt it. That you are that is.
Just a reminder, tonight's Craft Bar with Etsy Labs at the Museum of Craft and Folk Art (SF) begins at 6pm. Hope to see you there!
What do you think about this app for kids? RT: : Check out Toca Kitchen Monsters!
Will do!!!
Follow Me Yea?
Shut up BATCH.
A delicious time at the last night! Had a Dark Horse Amber with fried pickles and some baked mac n cheese!
Perks of being an AP student: Getting to leave school early after finishing ur 2 and half hour exam!
Im coming c;
those day will return sunny soon with our return hopefully on Friday, we've missed you too...
"No socks and my boat shoes" tomorrow night. Round 2 for Wiz
Loool Yeah I Am, I Wouldnt Say Im Picky Lol There Are Just Certain Guys I Wouldnt Go Near Anyway lool
Brings a whole new meaning to "Puppy Chow", doesn't it?
Greeks are so nice and Prague is so cold. I want more spring break and Greek yogurt.
A truly shitty day to be sick RT : Gonna see #PAUL with some bud-buds tonight.
Nothing is better than a Western movie meets GTA.
good afternoon to you so f'n sexy
For some reason has decided she hates me, we arent friends, & never wants to talk to me *lays down in street & waits to die*
IMO the #NBA block of Chris Paul's trade to Lakers was wrong. That being said, league owners are owners of Hornets now, so entitled to
I am currently looking for experience Sales Executives with cold calling/account management exp. in the Florham Park, NJ area. Please messa…
Anyone interested in what investigative journalism looks like when disseminated via Twitter should tune in to today.
It's really amazing how one song can change your mood, thoughts and emotions.
Who to follow, who to follow? Celebrities, any ideas who I should be following here? I only trust you.
enlighten me. I cant stand surprises. oh wait.... yes I can so surprise me!
Hi! Try Southern Hosp, Sangria 46, Don Giovanni, Delta or Lime Jungle :)
glad we're connected, I see you're connected with too
Oh noes! :( RT : Twitter is not working anymore. I can't see new updates to da pawty. :-(
To whom this may concern this will be my last letter. I now have 2 loves in my life big city livin and a voodo woman phillis. Ciao Roberto
Awesome earth day event today! Thanks to Rock the Green for putting it on! Evan Christian is great :)
Good Morning Everyone(:
i love you bby smooches muah ;*
Decent crowd for Sox. Sure some cars paid not mine RT : I've had that happen. How full was the train?
where y'all at
Yep. NOW I am tired.
I seem to be in the reverse 1% - that's people at #aam2012 without an ipad :-(
just had lunch with :)
Screw a wink and a nod. The Obama team went for the full reach-around on that one.
follow if u looking for good video holla!
just fucked me up, for real. So heartbreaking and so honest.
- vacation time, where to?
i feel like people see through my fake laughs when im not listening to their story and dont know what to say
Been sick. :'( No new posts...but soon! www.Chihuahuafreak.com
#GoTribe Lyrics to go...Tribe...(Head nod)
Outstanding match for the Gold Cup. Wide open soccer.
I'll give you benefit of the doubt. How many you getting out and can I have some of your drugs?
I wanna go home..
Unbelievable ! Vladimir Radmanovich ?!?! can't catch a break with mediocre players beating them.
boo on LA traffic. couldnt get back from palm dessert in time to hang with friends in malibu so now waiting in town for them to come back
Thank you so much! I greatly appreciate that!! Hugs!
Power just went out in my office.
The only way for the voice to get a ZILLION views is by putting Justin at the very last episode!!!!!
Thanks for the mention -- smiles on tap!
Im so happy for yu Darius. Yu deserved it. Hope yu have a long and successful year in the NBA. Yu are something special. Go
Our movement calls for 3 BASIC COMMON SENSE REFORMS that would give govt back to the people.
All new Vampire Diaries and Secret Circle tonight. #cw #vampire diaries
haha it is aggressively intense. Did you like it?
Congrats! Its a beautiful thing! I will hit you up when I know a definite time.
Stop lying you watch weekly! RT : it will need a lot more monkeys if I'm going to watch it
“Striving for success without hard work is like trying to harvest where you haven't planted.” - David Bly
Josh. Hamilton.
Is there an #edchat this week?
It's been all work no play this week so I could use a night out tomorrow, maybe see an Oscar nom movie?
That's sorta funny&weird. I was just saying, after watching the commercial, that I'd prefer someone just tell me what happens.
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "are you the girl that went to the hospital last summer?" -________-
my legs are SO HAPPAYYY to be wearing shorts! hooray for a high of 70 today! :) :) :)
I got 99 problems and a nigga ain't one
don't know what a leatherman is? It's an all purpose tool, like a Swiss army knife on steroids. Very cool.
I don't know but I've already heard a couple of librarians talking about how apps will kill the internet!
Thanks girl!
. I have a life, & your homophobic slur is mature. my life is taking care of my special needs child instead of partying/drinking
VIDEO: Live rowing: The Boat Race 2012
I'm available for One-on-One Personal Training on the Weekends. #HollywoodPersonalTrainingwithAJ RT
Good day at #WCAF looking forward to a little R&R out on the town in
It does.
Delilah Robinson: Truth is life is hard but u have to smile like a boss when all else fails!!!
Woot! gave me heaps of +K today :)
I wonder what there attendance numbers will be like next year when #Prince is gone?
Woohoo! Got a few sch librarians willing to talk on cam about the importance of joining or being at ala.
I'm considering moving to Alaska... any advice*
Follow da kid
Just had a Mom's Organization hit us up on Twitter. What group do you run that we can provide appliance tips to?
#broncos brass pulling up to DUKE right now
Happy Mother's Day
Well, I think it's time I sign out for the night. Project deadline tomorrow and today was NOT productive. Fun, but so not productive.
Im just saying you can do better, tell me have you heard that lately...
G'night, buddy! See ya early!
“: NICE!” thanks gee
Ralph Waldo Emerson~ Whoso would be a man must be a nonconformist.
I'm not sure the person sitting next to you would appreciate it haha
I love
I've been following him(:
what time is the show?
Just had to say thanks!
promo in #pasadena promoting #acupuncture and home #healthcare. Shoutout to
The 'projects' feature has been amazing. I'm still discovering (slowly) all the bells and whistles. Thanks again!
Hope my nephew doesn't make fun of me for saying PUT IT IN THE BOOKS Mets win!
RT : Mitch Daniels is the dream candidate for Republicans who find Mitt Romney to be too exciting.
Tweet me, tweet me.
Tomorrow afternoon! Come talk #books and #Packers with me at 4, in Oconto, WI
Love it! and is quickly becoming a new favorite of ours!
if these refs overturn this than they are consistently anti-green bay
If you're jumping, so am I.
"going to a luncheon. with the army. so, i'll go do that...and stuff."
My nigga knows what I'm talking about in that last tweet
#FF Eric=Me and Joe will be at the Red Door in Portsmouth tonight! Grab a drink and watch us play music!
imma thug imma a line wolf
I miss the days when someone would pick a play, & we'd just do that play. Re-printing scripts just before tech b/c of rewrites is now old.
will we see you playin or is that gonna be put on holds still?
And we're definitely going to hell, but we'll have all the best stories to tell.
tired, but ok. And you?
I love you @>---- Danielle Nicole Harris <33 Emma Grace Harris <33 Zach Braxton Harris <3
hahaha Ikr. He should come this weekend.he will have so much fun
Gym time
The dunk contest was the best by far, this game is like stepping on hot sand painfully brutal
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A8> what in the Tim Sepulvado is going on with this emoji??
It's up for another week. Worth seeing. It's not deep, great art. But it's visually stunning, generally awesome.
Agreed. I can't wait for things to start getting warmer so I can stand outside for more than 10 minutes.
yeah.....so wanna be f
ight ive been slackin on this twitter.but its been busy.hustle.hustle.hustle
Jordan writes songs. Darn it, i thought he rode unicorns for a living.
i thought you meant during the practices lol
:) thanks for asking
i really gotta get back on this =p so im back!
Using the new Tweetdeck app for Chrome. It's taking some getting used to, but not bad so far.
haha I was talkin about that the other day like somebody need to open a daycare.
Baltimore kicks a field goal and intercepts a Houston pass. Ravens up 20-13! fb.me/cablecarpub
My mom is forcing me to go tan with her. I guess my bed can wait. <U+E403>
so is this how its gonna work?....you speak for 2min and SteVen, interupts you then speaks for 7min?....good luck.
Are you following these artists?
Hotel room in Detroit is bigger than my apartment.
Finna head back to the South.
your welcome
yea really
This is so cute!!!! I'd be hugging the little lover for it!! <U+2665>
Man oh man, will this rain ever stop!? Im going to the beach or somethin'! ASAP!
Love your ladybugs quote! :)
No but it was windy as hell in OK and NM. Weather in Alb, NM today is 55 high and 35 low. Was 90 in OK.
Neil Eggleton just surprised me at the office!
Reach out and touch me, boy don't you make me wait. I'm a dime and you're so on the money.
Portland Police respond this mornnig to 6th shooting incident since Sunday afternoon. No one hurt. Live coverage on Fox 12.
I second that. I'm trying, though. Stay strong, little one!
There are librarians at the reference desk who can help you with any areas of your research. Good luck!
We can show you why.. better than we can tell you!
fun fact- "Long, Long, Long" from The Beatles' White Album shares the same first three notes as 's "Five Dollar Footlong" theme song.
Just saw random firework show off a boat at Va Beach. It was really amazing and louds
I thought you were coming back yesterday? You are missing nemo!!
“: Congrats to all my wonderfully talented friends who are graduating from Emerson today!” thanks man
Ha, go for a walk, you might run into a few ppl happy to see you... “: I'm bored”
sad state of affairs isn't, watching dominance wither on the vine.
#NowWatching #VampireDiaries And I'm so hooked. Elena dies tonight. So sad...
I also got 17 of 24 correct, Peg. My secret: I went to a Las Vegas web site & checked the odds a few days ago!
And game.
About to ball at the jc with
To reduce wasted energy, be sure to unplug appliances, such as your computer, coffee maker, toaster and power strips when not in use.
-DM that address. Fri or Sat?
If Republicans controlled nature we'd still be living in trees.
Oh shit cold blooded. Did you see the new Dark Knight Rises trailer yet?
Always give without remembering and always receive without forgetting. - Brian Tracy
Austin has 2 youtube accounts: One for music and one for vlogs
Del Gray in our Exton office recently received his RRC certification - Congratulations, Del!
yes sunday
Just donated money and toys to a childrens hospital feels great
Hope to see you there tomorrow! “: Tough loss for the today, but they still took the series 2-1. Let's get ready
So tired! Who would have thought actually doing my work in school would be so damn tiring .
Love you moree
I wish the best of luck, though honestly i dont think she needs it
We have 2 giant tubs of merch! Come pick some up and help us fund our next record :)
Dang today was pretty badass! Six flags tomorrow again HYFR!
Goodmorning , wishing you heaven in your heart , starlight in your soul and miracles in your life.
Bi-partisan trade agreements. When did this turn into Attack of the Clones?
Hey who wants to follow me back?:)
Your so special.
LOL Thanks! What took you so long to find, the ass or the .44? hehe! =)
let me know when
": S/o to for killing me today" --- shout to u learning the niya shuffle lmao
Even with this months rally we are still very much ahead on our short side. In the next correction these positions will be crushed.
Thanks you Sweet dream
I could use a stern drink right about now
Would it be weird if I saw tonight? Na. I see her once a week anyways :) she likes to dress up for me
Nothing like some good chinese on a rainy night :-D
Life is a song love is the music
S/o to our new follower The models of Divine Adonia thanks you for your support.
Thanks for the follow! So you do public relations?
Great to see your smiling face at the top of my feed just now. ;)
Drinking the same scotch Ron Swanson brought to the bar. Smokey and strong.
Madeline Albright is one hell of an interesting, thoughtful and awesome human.
Can you handle another overtime????
About to Lethal Weapon 1 my arm back into place...Then I'll take an unmotivated butt in the moon beam walk.
yea just ask em when you get to security they like that shit
we'll skype very soon. Is 11 too late? I think it might..
Is Toms still playing or was he eliminated yesterday?
Thanks for sharing! :)
Successful authors use transitional coaches for mentoring guidance
"ERIN!" "... Sadie... why are you pronouncing my name like that..." "NATALIE LIKES YOU!" "O.o" "I MEAN EERIN... HE'S THE BOMB."
No choking by K-Rod tonight. That was a big K against a beast in Kemp.
will you be inn tomorroww !!!
Thanks, Diane!
So now, if ANY Autism self-advocate speaks out about the human rights violations going on against Autistic ppl & families, we get threatened
A BRIEF HISTORY OF JOHN BALDESSARI -- a short bio-documentary with really unconventional storytelling, narrated by Tom Waits. Nice!
I swear no one in #houston understands what "a safe following distance" is. . . BRAKE CHECK! hahah
Quick, like a bunny!
Closing up the cupcake shop and see a girl doing coke outside in her car....#realclassy?
I have limited VIP Tix avail for Marquee NYE, ask me for details
Jose, thanks for following me!
that's who I was thinking of....thanks
EXACTLY LOLRT : Very Legendary, not in Chicago, which is Legendary in itself right now lol
A relationship like a maze find your way out of it
Why the #uck are the Knicks down by 10 to the cavaliers ??
Probably will be fine - just reach out to NAFSA to see what newcomer events they have lined up! Let me know how it goes! :)
Technology & Solutions Session: talks inkjet technologies in Innovations in High Volume Inkjet Production - Lyceum (room)
Stuffy nose, and itchy throat <<< ;(
follow on twitter for latest news. :-)
Who will we see tonight for 's live debut? Roll call!
The groundwork of all happiness is health.
Nice one.
Never Heard of kickstarter and indiegogo! what is that?
Thank you for the free cake at tonight's game!
NIALL!! PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!!!!!!!!
Have you seen our new CartoBlast and CartoJet units?
Apple's Television Will Sell Faster Than the iPad - Forbes via
RT : I WANT A GIRL THAT COOK, CLEAN AND SMELL LIKE ONION RINGS!!! R U DAT LUCKY MODASUCCCA?<= I thought it was NEVER smell like.. LOL
": Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood."
Getting started
awe dang man you need a phone! Lol But yes i know! :)
...You don't have to be dating to find love in the air..
ha that is kinda crazy
I was trying to stop this person from uploading a video of me to utube lady like freaking @:$::&/)/@;?/):$.):),$;$ im really angry now
Let's hope! You need to become friends with that look-a-like! Maybe he's a singer....who knows?
#InTheSummer I'm gonna try to chiill with [;
I'm getting kicked out today. I can feel the storm coming..
Members Card Heat -3 (50 units)
Lord, Please help me to get past my past. Help me to realize that it's not about where I've been, but where I'm going!
#Dallas you rock!
Just because i live a certain life today, doesn't mean my life was like this the whole way
Any JUCO or prep school teams looking 2 play in a 2day classic Nov. 2 & 3,message me. We're hosting one @ Baton Rouge C.C. And need 1 team.
Attention all #SoCal #Browns fans: Follow , your local San Diego Browns Backers!!
Going to the Q&A with Barbara Stripling at 5p and then to the Data Center!
"You got to keep on keepin' on. Get on that pig and hold on tight."
": ops well im still waiting on that call i miss my sis i aint heard from u in a week :(" I kno..imy
Busy week ahead of #sportsbiz meetings for at conference and trade show. Launching new partnership!
either way no worries with all the money u r winning
i love the video u did with Maribelle! RT? Follow?<U+2665>
watching some bullshit.
U do have time for them? That different lol RT : I have time for fake ass people
S/O too all the HIGH SCHOOL & COLLEGE students still up doing work!
Have you gotten your tickets to 's #ChefShowdown? Get them for a special rate of $99 while they last! ccssd.org
Just wrapped up our first administrative meeting! Yes, at 3 a.m...
Sounds nice...they open all day?
guessing he blew it. No one has heard that before. Only 4 times here and I've been to 30+ shows.
could you please sent a tweet to he is a new follower if yours! TY and stay mischievous ;)
Just another reminder my birthday rave is may the 19th so don't make plans:) other than coming <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Mrs. United State prelims almost time to go onstage! Let's do this Nevada!
Grilling out and having to stay in tonight due to a softball tourney tmwr, 1st game at 8:00 am...I hate mornings and they schedule an 8:00.
Go to you local library. I bet they have a VHS player. I mean. Go now! I'm dying to know what's on it.
Come to our show tonight in Miami at Churchills, starts at 8:30pm! RT! www.facebook.com/iatfofficial
Loving Mumford and Sons with
Damn I love how rappers frum NY flo . Sheww
My peace is orchestrated by God
Bananas dying on my counter . . . anything to do other than banana bread?
Everything happens for a reason
I will be the mother of a high school graduate tonight! Feeling partially 'Yahoo!' and partially like I've passed some sort of milestone
i wont! seriously wish you were here with me!
Agent! lisen! Don't think I can't make it with out you! You have no idea how your dealing with!
See you all tonight at Vanessie! Bring your dance shoes...you know who I'm talking to.
Justin, DM your address and I will get your package out. Tell me what products and colors you like and we will send.
Great class! Hey Actors, only 1 spot left in the may class commercial class. Call 323-651-0888 for more info and to sign up.
Thank you #RoushAir for the safe, rollercoaster landing.
The only other options close to me are MBurger and Friday's. I don't get down w/this MBurger over here and Friday's take too damn long...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Don't miss out on our Full Moon Day special this Thursday! 50% off yogurt all day long so bring your friends!
SAT word of the day: diaphanous (adj.) light, airy, transparent
Shooting baseball championships today! 3 teams remain, Mt Hood, LCC, and Bellevue.
dont wish it was easier....wish you were better
To whoever stole our Christmas lights: We hope your Christmas was merry and BRIGHT!
Hello there new friends, much love!!!! xoxo
Get 'em! I can't stand Sprint!
Red Abbey band rocks! #Retweet if you agree!!
sure...they are from the book. You almost might want to read the piece in the book on SM policy.
RT : True/False Film Festival organizers named True Vision award winner, Russian director Victor Kossakovsky. Fest is March1-4
Watching old Batman TV show. Chief O'Hara was the most disgusting, racist depiction of an Irish cop in the history of television.
ah dude you are late to the show. Super relaxing...
Going to #SCMS11? Catch up on your NOLA based TV shows: 5. K-Ville 4. Season 9 of REAL WORLD 3. Treme 2. Franks Place 1. Chief Wiggum, P.I.
Who knows the theme for idol this week? Or mentor?
I'd trend anything for you!!
N the bitch would sit next to me
#Mygraduationspeech i would like to thank google, Wikipedia, and copy and paste. Couldn't have done it without y'all.
DWS put out statement yesterday she is going will host fundraiser WARNING GOP wants to divide Dems on this
Oh my flower. You need to slow down and smell the roses!!!! :)
For sure we do!
top ten teams in men's and women's basketball, baseball, men's tennis, and cheer leading. Good try though.
Thanks for following us! Stay tuned for news and special offers just for our Twitter followers.
I got a low tolerance for ignorance
Happy bday Rockford! :)
Miami...the Brass-A-Holics are ready to take the Ponce Circle Stage at 9:00pm...come on out to Carnaval on the Mile!!
Obviously the hacker-Autism bullies doing this are doing it BCUZ THEY DONT WANT ANY ATTENTION TO THE AUTISM HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATIONS GOING ON
I can't wait for the big announcement! Gonna be awesome I hope
You like Whole Foods? Want to eat there after work but I'm sure Steele hates that place.
I forgot my grandparents were coming today from DR <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
That's it, I get off @ 3 Saturday...
#isupportgayrights You don't like that? I don't care. Do me a favor and click on the unfollow button..
Got pegged in the back by a golf ball thrown by a little kid while waiting in line for my dinner. What a punk.
Bless the volunteers placing wreaths at cemetery's across our country to honor our fallen veterans. Mostly god bless those who serve!
hey u should follow me on tumblr cuz i just followed u :)
My Hanukkah prayers have been answered- I got a keurig!!
"I just realized I am unhappy. And that, frankly, depresses the hell out of me." -Frustrated Grad Student
can u email me it ?
First day off in a week tomorrow. And I don't plan on doing a damn thing.
Official Notice: today is the last Oprah Show, don't miss it!
Ms. Gibson's playing a song called "doo doo brown" lmfaooooo
Oh, we issued turds for that last week.
Sick of political campaigning so I'm calling for a singoff of Al Green songs! Who's with me?
still going to sleep? how about now? what about now? if you think im pretty youll stay up? ;) hahah
Early bed tonight. Up early to go help fry some turkeys with for the nashville mission
Much love n respect Eb I be hearing ya name in the city and you aint even in this bitch! Thats hustle like a mf! best of luck.
Rdio. Pandora. Bandcamp. Bandcamp embeds on Facebook. Tumblr and Facebook posts. Soundcloud embeds. etc. etc.
Don't share links from the #HoustonPBS website! Even if you uncheck the box, they will "register" you for the site and send you email.
Way to much sexy tonight, Dx
Thanks for recommending Camtasia!
Just cried like a little baby to the #DesperateHoueswives finale
PTI: Tony's Junior High Home Ec Stories: via
Sometimes it makes to step back , turn off CNBC and just trade the tape a la Jesse Livermore.
No need to be nervous Danny .
CoCo has released the cream series! You get frothy cream on the top of your tea; taste the ingredients separately and them mix
If Gabby wins she should really win, "alternate" or not.
Find names of people who have lived in your old house. Polk City Directories-historic books available for reference at main branch library
Nobody ever said this would be easy. But the rewards are worth it. Push yourself till your body gives up, not your mind.
Today’s MOCA Specials :Soup of the day is tomato. Sugar free lemonade is watermelon rosemary.
Follow us today We Are The New Music Movement!
Haha same here. I'll be 17 in a few months! :///
If you could go anywhere as a #travel #physical #therapist, what city would you choose?
my mom got it at Kmart
Its better to be honest than a sketchy, back stabbing, cunt :*
6 minutes into the game, Gasol has already matched his rebound total in game six with three
u got dat right...
would be neat to see how it's changed, maybe get some of my dad's old photos too
Mike Headrick on KDVR. I don't think I've seen him do the night shift before?
My 1st beer, Insidious IPA,raw,hoppy & fresh,I like.Look 4ward to trying more. Thanks for supporting local brews
Studio time tomorrow!!
u used to pay people to do it 4 u????
Dancing away with my heart <3
:( that stinks
November is flyng by. Have you tried a Maple Spice Latte or Waffle Crisp Mocha yet?? How could December's drink of the month ever compare??
great article... you guys are exactly what's needed in this new era
reds game:)
Stay tuned for specific rules and further details.
we just started following you cause your a mega babe!
Woo mom's getting Godfather's tonight for dinner. :D Funplex tomorrow(LAST DAY WOOP) then going on 'vacation' this weekend. Braces Tuesday.
Ahh damn that would have been a good show to see. Hopefully next year. Enjoy!
Miliband: It looks like Cameron is organising a cover-up
How was school today? <3
I know that I love you & honestly, that's all that feels certain to me anymore. <3
A human being's first responsibility is to shake hands with himself. -Henry Winkler
Good point: New digital divide isn't so much who has/hasn't a computer, it's who knows what to do with one
nah..I will just call U vic like always...I suck at spelling though...now you know ;-)
Light exists without darkness, but darkness cannot exist without the absence of light.
yep. me too.
- quite true, but true Prudence is an art, a virtue, higher and costlier than genius.
On my way home via Texas. Can't wait to be home watching Denver Broncos!
Thanks to all who ustreamed with us!
ok missy ... clearly we should just get our stuff going via phone. wanna talk this week?? let me know when you are available!
time for a long bath
I've made a lot of changes in my life. So if you don't hear from me, you're one of them
CNN goes back 50 YEARS trying to damage Romney.To the days when OBAMA was still a Kenyan.
I'm afraid that this complacency is something I can't shake
Extra staff to be deployed to tackle Heathrow immigration crisis
Thanks! See you soon!
so excited !!
if you knw that about KI as a 14 yr old, you should be gambling or rung a NBA team not a spwriter, did you wte this 4-5 yr go?
Back In the chi
Higher ed as a mashup, a potluck: all share what they're good at.
Neighbor's poorly-installed downspout is causing water problems under our patio. How do we broach this topic politely? Want her to fix asap
SO AWESOME.
Hey bro, you and brocha been in my prayers everynight...
have you gotten your banner yet for Saints Season? www.worldchampionfans.com
Traffic slowly inching down S. Spring Street. No right turns permitted.
RIP Davy Jones
I Roll up(:
What did you guys think of this week's #JerseyShore?! I cannot believe the Ron & Sam drama is still going on. Reply with your thoughts!
Im About To Make A Beat From The Song "We Are The People" By Empire Of The Sun!
rock opera for my 20th...symphony for my 21rst
thank you! How was yours?
Thanks for the follow and !
Is it from Posh Bagel? yummy.
What players did she talk to this time?
RT if you will come to my twitcam friday will be singing five original songs including the.one I wrote special for Ariana
i got all this string at my house! For No REASON !
Pretty Hot And Tempting. ;)
DeWayne Robertson was a defensive tackle.
Can it please rain?
According to the Las Vegas Sun, Tuesday May 15 will be "#Wrangler Day," w a ceremony and the whole shabang. Pretty damn cool if you ask me.
haha its pretty weird cua this is my secong twitter and um.. i wrote this lol :)
Seeing what everyone got for Christmas proves how poor I am
bahaha! Damn right! I don't call that desperate I call that #resourceful lmao!!
gotta coach my 7 n 8 yr olds tonight........ love passin down my baseball expertise
go dad!!
do you dream in color?
“ “ You don't even start and you think your the shit””
Thanks, love! Miss you. xoxo
Nawl im talking bout you boo
I gotta wanderlust itch this morning..
either way I'm in it
how much? I have a we the kings show at 5 ahah
This whole cory thing makes me so mad, seriously
When am I hittin the vortex with ?
New week of work! Excited for all the changes and opportunities. Amazing song in the works with
did you see Steve smith? I'm on his side
CBS Sunday Morning profiles workout guru Bobby Hinds and never mentions Madison, even with a final shot of the state capitol!
Lebron passes again!!!!! Get ready for Stephan Naysmith
So I was at tgif's earlier and this fine ass snow bunny kept looking at me
Big week ahead. Final exams, Black Keys concert, and Milwaukee Press Club awards dinner. Fingers crossed for good results.
Commencement at was wonderful, couldn't be more proud of our graduates. Now it's off to to do it again tomorrow!!
Lots of great companies at the #TechCareerExpo over this week!
Yea, so I guess I suppose 2 wait
#ted2012 #introverts Three calls to action by Susan Cain. 1) Stop the madness for constant group work
Why are freshman so damn loud?..... it's just stupid.
Need to vent. Ugh.
Loved Miranda in "Merrily We Roll Along" tonight.
I saw 18 posts on Facebook about the rainbow in Birmingham earlier tonight!
17 days left
Do protestors actually think they'll be respected when they block traffic downtown? It's like a child who lays down and kicks to get candy.
Thanks for the follow!!
Stay tuned for our next conte$t!! Lots of $$$ to be won!!!
I'm in the mood for a Peter Pan collared dress.
You should come see some of the still-locked chases of posters by Globe at MICA from the 80s and 90s.
man i been patient with them for months & months.. That's enough. Can't let people just keep kickin me down.
Hey everyone, Stubs is going to take a bit of a break. I'm sorry to disappoint those of you that watch.
Big shout out to my guys over at ..
I think the best part about last night's TNA Sacrifice event was that Hulk Hogan, Eric Bischoff, and Garrett Bischoff weren't a part of it.
also plausible
Finally got back into my account. Not sure what happened there. lol...
S/o to all the niggas that thought boosie was out
Some of the Craziest International Moves Going Down at
I can deal with people asking us to hit 'em up on facebook & follow them on twitter but if ask me to follow you on tumbler I will stab you.
Enjoy a #nudist discount vacation 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
I would love to speak w/ you about your experience in the JD program, my plans are to pursue one once I complete the PhD
Congratulations to the Green Bay Packers - World Champions - Super Bowl 45! Thank you for bringing the Lombardi trophy home!
I don't give a shit about Harry Potter.
Word on the street dates will be announced after the symphony tour which ends on the 10th
Looking forward to listening to at the for the State of the City Address!
"You REALLY need your hair thinned," says my mother, who has threatened to kill me for the last ten years for wanting to do just that...
wh...who are you?
haha he's not even a jumpoff - I just use him to keep the creeps away ;)
Whenever I see people riding bikes with coffees in their hands, I want to call their mothers.
Blondes have more hair than dark-haired people do.
RT : Asking John McCain for advice on picking a running mate is like asking John Edwards for marriage counseling.
We want to hear from YOU! What activities would you like to see featured as our "outing of the month"? Let us know!
LOVING the #fxchannel. Back to back superhero movies! No better way to spend this lazy Sunday!
aw, thank you so much, girl!!
When had to change her icon to an old lady because she lost a bet with
Barry Hinson: "I just witnessed the best practice I've seen in 4 years on staff at Kansas. I'm ecstatic about how focused we were."
One of the best matches I've seen in a LONG time.
Please make my twit experience moar enjoyable. Moar twits, you tweet!
If an older woman going after a younger man is called a cougar, is an older man going after a younger man called a Nittany Lion? Too soon?
RT Epic game 7.........the NHL rules all of Earth...... Here's to a great Stanley Cup Finals. You are so right!
If Matt will show Ethan the video, Ethan will be like "Blablabloopblap" ;) Lmao.
Sorry I keep bombarding you with all of this music. I use to promote bands, so I live for underground music. Lol.
you can't go nuts on the zooming, or you make folks dizzy. done right, it's visually fun.
Yes, I am Pre-k, I also teach 1st and 2nd grade split
How many people does it take to close a binder 3 wow
Totally ignoring mfs all day; if not one of my five brothers or nine sisters; KEEP THAT SHIT MOVING;
Now it is time to get serious...... MAKING COOKIES! Whoo hoo! Im making tiny sugar cookies with cherries on them for church tomrrow.
thanks for the referral! We are actually doing some good deals for grad parties. Hope to hear from her!
Hey was up. Are you ready to get it tomorrow?
RT "The charms of the passing woman are generally in direct proportion to the swiftness of her passing." <--- So true indeed!
Only Pierce (36), Garnett (15) and Bradley (12) in double figures. Crazy.
My sisters are delusional they went shopping while i was at work and bought 11pairs of shoes. And none not even one is mine Smh.
July 31 is going to change my life.
join us today for free post highlight tapes and photos
LAUGHIN MY MUTHAFUCKIN ASS OFF .... is that what you THOUGHT ?!? #NEXT ....
I hate everyone.
It is by spending oneself that one becomes rich
love you!
Everyone go retweet my last tweet if we're really friends...
Pinterest has become a significant problem for me. "OMG, that is brilliant/delicious/beautiful and I must make/eat/buy it NOW!"
I feel u RT : #frustratingmoment when I'm looking for my cd and my mom has it in her car and she's not home...
Mountain bike in the morning (26 miles) and business plan competition reading in the afternoon. Good times!
2 more days until carolina serve up this ass whoopin
Thanks for including our latest blog post! Glad to connect.
Immature people.... these girls be fighting over boys! LOL , its not like he want you ...
RT : As part of NYWA's 20th Anniversary Celebration series, we have two events in May that we hope you will celebrate......
You just said the WRONG thing at the WRONG time!!! hahaha
writing an essay at midnight? due pretty much as soon as i'm done with it? gee, this sounds and feels like college. i will never learn.
I've entered my credit card information enough times for the entire city to run broad street. Still no success!!
they have the same issue the Bucks have. They just play harder
after hours worksession in the #msuwide center for soon-to-be old time's sake
I've never looked at him that way... <3 I should just sleep right now, while this lasts.
HEB's Central Market. Tom just got me a birthday cake from them last week. It was excellent!
I know who you are.
Happy valentines day! (: just sent my boyfriend the longest text ever.. haha :P
I'm getting bored of the same old thing. I need something new in my life !
do tell!
Yes! Especially the second book in the series.
You won't catch a whale with a worm...I beg to differ..
Oh sorry i forget ur not spanish lol it means whatz the matter?
Tomorrows my birthday(;
Thank you for all the mothers you have protected, served and saved in the world with your unselfish work and talents.
Foreplay is the greatest song that they put in Standing Sideways. I can't get over how perfect that is.
RT if you have golf plans this weekend!
Goosh how boring lesson . I wanna sleep -.-'
I'm loving Kathy Griffin's show. She looks the best she ever has and half the time you want to shake her and then the other half, hug her.
“: Ron Artest won't shake James Harden's hand? I guess his elbow still hurts after Harden head butted it.”
“: All in all though, so happy with SUPER FUN NIGHT pilot and huge thanks to everyone involved!” heard amazing things good luck!
Every time I eat left overs my body rejects it like its one of the baba's kids smh -.-
Just started watching S01E01 of #GameofThrones on the flight out; , nice work playing Jon Snow.
ah, sorry, and no, you didn't sound like Jason, more like Rosenthal!
np thanks for following back!
Thank you and for for joining for a busy but fun #AIGA50 judging weekend!
my mom duznt wantz me to make pups but ize don't haf to do that
And back to studying. Good luck on the rest of your finals everyone! 3 days (for me at least) until sweet summer bliss!!!!!
No chance the dodgers are worth 2 billion dollars. Magic Johnson should have saved his $ for a basketball team
congrats on the title!! I watched a little of it on TV, you played great. Rep hard!
So how do I make a R34 legal in the US?
and thanks for the #ff love!
Jackson - wow! But I'm telling the world now - an outfielder is going to break an arm on that railing at #Yankees #stadium... fix that
Have you taken care of yourself today? $10 manicure $10 shampoo & set
RT: “: With such a musical family, it's no wonder has a pure passion for the craft and an undeniable stage presence:
I heard get well
3% of UK fans = 10-15% of other schools
lmao! Where you headed?
missed your last TW. ALA only costs $25 for exhibit only. It's worth it!
is The Kolache Factory sponsoring sonething? Lol! I need to take you on a tour of Texas.
"For a business to survive and thrive, 100 percent of all the systems must be functioning and accountable. For example: An airplane is a...
NOT THE BUBLE! **gag**
We're coming to San Antonio, TX in April! More details coming soon.
hahaha yeah. Raven isn't important enough for a whole tweet if it's just her being a lesbian lol
I thought the event could've been way more organized especially for people with judging tickets. We barely got to try anything!
We should get a point for a player in the goal right? <--Not that it would have helped!
GIRLS NIGHT!!!!!
seriously! I am not stocked up for 2012.
Vampire's more of a metaphor for STDs. Never heard the mermaid one, though. That's interesting.
BBQ restaurants.
wish tupac wouldve written a book instead of getting shot
RT "You know it's Monday when you wake up, and it's Tuesday" - Garfield. This one says it quite well don't you think?
#FavoriteSportsRant Chris Berman on the set of Sunday night football
wutz good fam say can i dm you a beat?
Well it's a good thing Glen Has coloring books to color leftover from his last Mario Kart Meetup til servers are back.
You do that again yur goin to tha bench
First name: Dysean. Was he named after a botched abortion
ARTIST COME GET YOUR NEXT PROJECT DONE WITH US! #UNLEVEL PRODUCTION TEAM. MIXING MASTERING AVAILABLE EMAIL DM US FOR DETAILS.l!
don't tweet and "drive'
Wow! Been since Feb 26th since Miss Muffet () has tried to walk on her injured hind leg, she finally started to do that!
Good morning new followers!!!! Remember we need your help, add the logo of your website or any website! Do some searches! Enjoy!
hugs coming your way buddy.
is talking about moving next door to me, prime <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
#ThoughtsDuringSchool..: This History Book is racially biased as a motherfucker! Makin' Spanish Conquistadors heros is BULLSHIT!
Just got bak from grocery store and got me somr snicker's ice cream yum
Children's Place contest. PLEASE vote 4 my baby. The site is childrensplace.promo.eprize.com/model/ Her photo IDs 464832, 454960 & 454968
that would be fun :D
Just databased an 8-track on which Liberace performs the "Overture From Tommy" - the Who fan in me would love to hear THAT!
"Nothing's a failure - if you've got 30 people really engaged, you've got something." #learn -
I have family there, so I thought we could hang
recording wish i could get yo big head ass over here lol
found the quietest place on campus
my goal for tonight is to learn this on the piano
so good! Is it bad that I have all of these on my computer?
Sitting by open windows...reading...enjoying a gorgeous day. Contemplating a walk.
Can't tell what's its going to be in 5 years for social shopping but we're going to enjoy the ride -
Thanks! We're a social animal! RT love how you guys are taking social media by storm.
I'm a country boy at heart.
Kinda In A Good Mood Today , <3 :)*
Thanks bunds!!!! And you already know I'm getting down!!! :) :) RT : Congrats to my girl party!
Ooh, love the idea of Egypto-philia making a comeback. Can someone make that happen?
Looking forward to a week in NYC hanging out and plotting world dominance with my awesome sister
My Producer Come Back Monday So FWM Cuddy
hmm never had a problem with the service. The food is always great.
“: Love him or hate him, you gotta respect Big Ben.”,yep
I would have paid big PPV rates if they had kept behind-the-scenes cameras running during that last commercial break.
Jc said goodnight to me<3 way to end my night(:
In the words of my mother 'It is hot to trot.'
How is Damn Kobe trending? Should be Damn Faried,,,is have a helluva game!
Can't imagine we'll be outside for the procession tomorrow. It's freezing.
How should I observe or celebrate Cinco De Mayo today, #LA? There must be something! :)
I love you. RT : In honor of the Hunger Games I ate a lot.
word ;) RT #mw2012 is almost like being there. And I can wear my pajamas.
If Um in your starting 5 you will neva need a Sub
How Was Your Friday The 13th?:}
Well hey there! :P
Rebuilding my etsy shop. Will have updates!
hmm, was just gonna leave work but maybe i'll stay...the photos of weather in MKE are creepy! Still sun here!
Forever is a lie. All we have is what's between hello and good bye..
Trying to stay productive until #downtonabbey at 9, but the sofa is calling my name...
Happy Birthday hope you have a great day!!!
Twitter has been my saving grace. Positive culture w intrinsically motivated educators. Best PD I've had.
Don't bore :)
RT : Daniel Kraft: the 4P of the new era of medicine: Predictive, Preventative, Personalized, Participatory at
RT : #Cavs guard Kyrie Irving expected to be named Rookie of the Year on Monday, according to Marc Stein of ESPN
U r a genius :)
We're ready for you then!
Finally Peace and quiet my dad and bro were yelling at each other again
If I Die Tomorrow - I'd come back to earth in ghost form and watch Harry walk around the house..... ;) #ifyouknowwhatimean <3
Getting ready to make a batch of homemade salsa!! Who wants a jar?! ;-)
Let compromise. I'll signs your prenuptual agreement when you masters the concept of subject-verb agreement.
Aladdin and Beauty and The Beast and home alone, yet I want you to text me while I'm alone but I guess not./:
Awww miss you!
thanks Luv! My dad passed away last Sunday.
Re-reading Ionesco's "Exit the King"; I pass by this book in the library often enough. It truly is a masterpiece of absurdism and truth.
Since 8am, running metal saws on the front of the building. I work nights, you filthy pigs.
Early morning run with the homie ..
I'm 'suffering' from Cat On Keyboard syndrome this pm. All very cute, but it's not making the writing any easier. Throw him off or give in?
#hth2012 Poheler had great talk, doing interpretation will data collection. nice way of tying documentation practices with interpretive goal
Gonna get in the pool with my baby girl
You can forget facts, you can't forget understanding.
:{ ) My smiey face has a mustache. RT and follow me if you think this is too cute.
Upholstery Cleaning Miami Beach - Call Toll FREE: 1-866-970-CLEAN (2532)
rat ass niggaz sweet like kandy remind me of brandy wanna b dwn ass niggaz
hmu later if ur mixer blows I'll give u the address to our party. Or bars?
Joyce's home !!
tawny port to the rescue
It's a very interesting topic. I love the disruption happening in this space. But I also see the potential for exploitation by cons.
oh wait, Product, you said. Yes, I always use Product.
Is is hip or back pain? Hip pain is largely in the groin and not in the back.
Come try out our popular class this Saturday at 8 am !
Schneakyyyyy! Like a gato! (Or gator?)
Thanks for catching this one! We just fixed it.
When she cries I'll be there to cheer her up soon as I make her smile nigga u kno u done fucked up
Every one floats down here!!!!!!
food and loving yourself - was pretty amazing - I came out really trying to listen to my body again about what it wants to eat
Trying not to buy funnel cake!
“ Santa saw your Facebook & this year, he's getting you clothes for christmas.” lmao
Anyone have a reccomendation for my mom? She needs an orthopedic dr/spine specialist. Thanks!
Enjoy the travels Tony and also
RHODE ISLAND LOVE WHAT WHAT. They'll tell you to get Del's, I say drink coffee milk.
Wednsdays vegetarian feature is being picked right now... Roots farm succatash. For dessert cut charantais melon. Cant get fresher.
Ive officially been a #Dallas resident for 1yr now and still need to use my GPS!!
Yes! we want her back. RT Holly!
it may be 420 BUT we like the number 620. That's how many individual performance are in
peoples serious problems rather than my hanger issue.. And when i said bitch i just meant a angry and rude person i
make my night by tweeting me?(:
Bosh is getting straight owned in this game. Joakim just too much.
I have no clue. I just awkwardly laugh...that's what I've done all day ! Lol. :D
Butter cake therapy?
Stay sweetish!
they'll promise fancy cars, & diamond rings. all sorts of shiny things, but girl you'll remember what your knees are for.
Follow me :) i follow back xD
You tweet and text!? We all did different things ranging from labor to canoodle. ps Address, sir!
After a long day, there’s nothing better than relaxing during our serenity stretch class. Phew, now that feels better.
Aw your so sweet(; <3
Dawn is a fearless girl? HA! She's more like a spineless whore!
"Wanted," by Hunter Hayes gotta be one of the dopest tracks out right now.
Kentucky opens up MAN TO MAN!!!
yessir thanks. How you feel about Plaxico saying Browns are one of 4 teams he wants to play for?
Have a good week!
Heading to after a sweet night of #abmb art and people watching! What will the day bring?
Great retreat today. So many thanks to all my colleagues, and to for introducing me to our wonderful consultants!
This would be interesting/frightening. "Wishing there was a Shazam for smells... 'what am I smelling right now?'" /via
It was blast. I feel blessed being able to meet so many amazing people
Many companies give a referral bonus to current employees. Those employees WANT you hired & will help you. #hfchat'
Do bumble bees pee?
lol I've been busy, but I definetly hit u up this week... And I wasn't coverin anything up lol
off to happy hour....m beer
yes how did u know now I'm going to have to Change it
The answer is yes
We heart all librarians equally! Thanks for the work you do.
hmm then just #followjerry with him tagged, you up for it? :)
Could i get a follow also??Love ya cnt wait for u guys to come to texas forthe BWUSUMMERTOUR?AH SO EXCITED?
Thanks, we think so too. :)
Holy wars are often decided on the prophet margin.
if you are still in Madison you should check out Mickies Dairy Bar.
I'm here...I'm here. Was having a great time with my new bf but we had a huge fight over my ex and now I'm sad. How are you?
Thanks to Aaron Edwards for today...Legend! Oh and Joan Danny Wagstaff
for the past nights..ive been dreaming of him...
Interesting demographic. I suspect the gov't involvement (i.e. tax restructure) & distribution is the big factor in BC.
rp for Kailey? We haven't rped them in awhile
Happy Bday to the dude that woke me up at 2a.m. to sleep on my floor of my bedroom
Got a new botdf braclet and Falling in Reverse album!!! :D
So right after my last tweet, "healthy eating" followed me.. 0_o
": It's January and I'm grilling. In Boston." The trend hit cinci too adam
Relevance showing strength “: SoLoMo 75% of smartphone owners are doing a local, mobile search. #dsum12”
thank you, I will! And thanks for all your help!!! :D
Congratulations to Lana and Teddy Oso for winning our Pet Escort Gift Certificate at the yesterday!!
It's getting so depressing!
... but that might not be enough? Some really *love* Seinfeld characters. Not me, though I loved watching them.
when girly?! I need to see yo beautiful self
Do you think that would work? Just a link to a blog or SMR?
Will & Kate got a cocker spaniel... :) Oprah has one, i guess i'm just one of those super cool ppl that has a cocker... mine's the cutest
: people believe "if information is important it will find me"
Performed for Robin Leach this evening at Wonderground. Fun spending time with him again in person.
Ugh I Really Need To Eat Something...
Tonya Harding is gross.
hope everything is going well, good lookin out yo boy H
This is actually a pretty recent (2000) change. Would have to look into history behind bill that mandated this I think.
Another great day for a ride! Let us know if we can help you in any way! Open until 8!
1 month since visiting and 11 months until our next visit
I sometimes miss a lot of great tweets because there are soo many ppl on my twitter lol but I "see you" tweerhearts!! :)
working for the would be heaven for me. I live sports, one of those girls who acts like a lady but thinks like a man :)
haha thanks! I've actually been checking that exact thread every single day lol
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
Come to the Archives Fair at VCU's Cabell library, tomorrow from 11am-2pm! VSU will be there with lots of other archives from across VA.
my tractors sexier than yours!(;
“: It's time to dismiss the distance and have a connection of extreme completion.”
Retiring OSUMB director Jon Woods just learned he will dot the "i" at halftime today.
Maybe soon;)
hahaha dont want you getting into any trouble :)
Jupiter, planet of Blessings & Abundance just went Direct in the sign of Taurus Full speed ahead! Go for your Heart's Desire, you'll get it!
I hate people. I hate people. I hate people. I hate people. I hate people. Holy. Some people, I swear.
G.M.N.I.: Two weeks. Three days. God willing.
How many people does it take to change a lightbulb? One. Me. And thats assuming I'm home.
DAME press release next month, same day as #HatersMotivation release #April8th2012. BIG NEWS..
In 2011, impacted 901 girls with the support of 271 adult volunteers in Madison Co. DM if you have other ??
you look just like my older sis in your pic. Crazy.
Weren't you the one that asked me?
haven't seen Coach Price in years...he looks the same!
please take in consideration other people's feelings and keep your thoughts to yourself.
Fact of the Week: The December 1911 phone bill for Planting Fields was $12.75, that's $202.94 today.
we tried it when we first opened, but sprung too many leaks. ;-)
We can totally pull this off I'm so excited
Grew up in a house of baseball fans that were casual football fans. Didn't get into football until my late teens.
I'm so tired
amen I Agree
Rockin my favorite shades in my new prof pic :)
I hope they play some 98 Degrees One Night Una Noche for Cinco de MaYOLO!
that view is so pretty it looks fake!
I can talk to paola about anything ah Love that gurl <3
People were created to be loved, things were created to be used; 1/2
lunch afterwards this Wed?
The 80's. I think it's changed since then.
"skillet for friendship"
My CDC class was fantastic today...put a lot into perspective for me and reminded me why im here. :-)
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 23
Puked... adding that to the list of future baby names
Is today the day that we find out if they go or if they stay? Who knows
#FF on yo tl #follow everyone I mention for a quick gain x 10 let's go.
thank you sir!
Same! My brother and I can't stop watching it. :) It's so addictive!
-Ok...lol...oops, I forgot, I gotta work. Lol
Already placing blame on me!
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 67
Didn't get a chance to talk this morning. I am in Learning and Development at Wells Fargo. Will catch you next month. Great pics too!
capital idiot
Right is right.
I don't worry about you, I just keep up with you, then I surpass you!
Had a nice dinner with my lovely wife and very close friends at The Cannery in Sun Prairie. Now watching the Brewers go for 4 in a row.
we need more bad bitches in the world and more real men
Is A Truee Fashionistaa. Gotta Give It To Ha.
I Get So High I Fuck Around And Wanna Leave The Function
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. ~Anne Frank
Oh no! One of my friends is allergic to all fruits with the exception of strawberries.
Thank you! Very grateful for all the success 'Briefcase' has had so far!
OH MY GOD, I NEED FRIENDS!
Interesting, we're going to have to check these out!
Who's winning the boxing match?
How dare they do you injustice by casting Channig Tatum?
ah. Sounds productive. It's actually only 12:15 here, and I was up watching the DVRed Jazz game, which was a huge bummer.
Along with our Veterans, I'd like to thank & honor the families who share in the sacrifices & challenges.
I love the #coolcreekconcerts Can I get a follow back from my favorite bands!?
Boston #Bruins announce the release of Marty Turco and the subsequent signing of a Red Cross CPR dummy as replacement. Legless but better.
I think my sched is clear for ass kicking
Gotta love all these outlets "crediting" for the Obama + girlfriend picture they're stealing from it
O.O
How can you have fun on your CTA commute? Get the TransitChatter App.
#MadMen AT LAST :D
www.facebook.com/thecompetitionchicago ADD US
I'll pick my moment. Maybe the last day, just to give a lasting impression for people to remember me by.
Thanks! I will check it out!
follow back?
Love when I see people over 50 texting like its no tomorrow.
I hear a small monthly donation helps heal it
i took that long ass nap & still sleepy. smh,,
Chris Wilcox is still in the #NBA? News to me...
Thank you for featuring the French Dog!
I love hearing my mom tell story's when I was little in Mexico c:
Life is fun when your gone
Looking forward to seeing your talk at CSA. I'm giving one about phone phreaking in the 60s and 70s. Hack-ademics!
(AP) -- New York Jets and Denver Broncos complete trade for quarterback Tim Tebow
Who ya gonna turn to when everyone turns on you ...
I've used Vista Print a few times...pretty good and inexpensive.
I have an addiction to the drinks sweet tea and lemonade. I just discovered Arnold Palmer.
let me know what's next..
i re-live every single word. every mistake i made. everything is my fault. i would still have you. </3
I never learn
Teacher: What is your skills you have gained in you life so far? Me:(raise my hand) The skill of being a BADASS enough said!
I know, right? Mike and I just cracked up.
Feeling the need to shop! Apparently Anthro is having a sale....
Nothing better than loving the space you're in ... and how you fill it :)
-- Memphis would have been nice to see
Hey, check out my sweet videos on youtube. I've got some nice shots by the water... lots of panning..
aww I went to there game the same day as the concert even they lost it was a good game Joe made a home run
*gathers posse*
yaaaay my dad is coming to see me this weekend :)
you going to the game?
At Social Technology in Education Conference today -
surprised it wasn't go.bucks :-)
welcome to twitworld! :)
Test time for my marketing students.
im so in love with and oh and randyortan:)
Valentines day dance... im ready to be a complete #loner YAAAAY! :)
Support in the Mississippi Gulf Coast. Just tweet: Dj #MSGCSB and
Singer-pianist Tom Shaw entertains SF Bay Area assisted-living residents w/the great music of 1920s-1960s Broadway, radio, movies & more!
I bet! Unfortunately my paper is on peasantry and their reaction to modernization in Europe in the 1900's based off of 5 books :(
I've never seen Passion Of The Christ
you mean warm sweaty balls?
So excited to begin my week with 500 followers. Y'all are the best!
Just introDDuced....Steak.....Veggie....and all Southwest! RT : Do you have new Burritos?
what are you doing this Friday?
hahah yes. Yes it is
I'm soo tierd of everything and everyone at the moment -.-
Moment of silence for all the soldiers that didn't make it to 2012. R.I.P.
I hate loving someone so much, and them loosing them. Worst feeling ever.
I no its so true.
it's gorgeous!
RT : Congratulations to the Meatballs from WAKA's #Florida Beach Division, winners of the #SoFLA #kickball Open 2010!
Must Be Nice - Lyfe Jennings
I do what I can :). And I wouldn't expect you to have it in there any other way :P.
I wished I could be like some girls and just throw my hair up in a ponytail and not care at all
Dear Weekend, I always want to be with you. Please don't let the weekdays take you away from me. Yours forever, Me...
Pretty sure this isn't the #Cubs year!
dude you know i will lol
Anyone know anything awesome happening tomorrow?! I am trying to plan the night of #Bachelor Ben's life!!!
Terrific set of projects. See you in NY any time soon?
#kids Mother's Day Lights Out! at Dallas Zoo, Sat, May 12 7:30p: Is your mother the adventurous type? Sign up for a special adventure at...
Doing a restaurant crawl in City Centre. Eddie V's was fabulous in the V Lounge. Now at Flemings. Where next?
Here at #Voracious. What a cluster bomb.
RT damn, it feels good to be a gangsta.
Braces didn't make Austin hot. Austin made braces hot.
n yall call'n me rap.........but i kno ima lot mo diff n a lil mo gifted.....
ever thought of managing Christian Artist?
Hey Hon and how are things by you???
Fingers crossed we all have something huge heading towards us... Um.. You know what I mean..
we do too!
I know, right? When did we all become adults?
sent them to Mike hit him up if not I'll email it to you as soon as I get back home
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? Can you help!
#SkipsTebowBandwagon John Elway should be tuned into COME AS YOU ARE to Tebow's Bandwagon, we forgive :).
whats your addiction
This is the most confident I've ever felt about a test ever!
Great show today. So pumped for the season and that ballpark!
jus watched that on tv... Kotsay still doin it
put your pants on!
Awesome, congrats!
Tell people my last name why dont ya!? It's fine! Lol
they're playing it right now!!
Frederica Wilson-FL, you and your hats are a joke. Get the facts before you run your mouth. You are a perpetuating race baiter.
Stop out at the South Metroliton Business Association Expo this Thursday, 4 to 6 upstairs at the Coliseum bar. Visit me at the Professiona…
You Wanna Come Out South .?
Football weather not golfing outside! So whos everyone have the Great Ted Thompson Taking tonight? Where the WI Guys going?
Everyone stay away from the new DM says twitter is going to start charging click this link! Don't do it!
it's aye okay sometimes mine gets warm on the bottom and i get scared my new sheets are gonna light on fire &imgondie JK
Your so lucky to have great diners in NYC!
Still looking for a job!
ill follow them if you follow and they make amazing music too <3 <21 :)
Interested in law school? Meet UM Carey Law Admissions Officer tonight at Univ. of Rochester 6:30-7pm in the May Room, Wilson Commons
Of all the races how cum it gota b a black person w/ a wavecap in the drawing 4 the vocab word felony??
Cue the Christmas in march tweets
is this your night for ICE? enjoy!
I'm so excited #bones it back!!
Thx 4the 100's of emails have rcv'd in response to the 'Privacy' website launch & those anxious to see it in the theater. Am truly humbled
#BieberRapsBetterThan Nobody! Wrap that shit up..
Thanks for the Twitter Love :)
H&M wins for sexiest commercial :-). Polar bears and anything with dogs in competition for cutest!
Whats going on?
How fucking stoked are you guys to hear this new song?
if we can I will! But teenfest will stream it live to! But yeah I'm sure will be posting pre show videos
think he'd want to remain on GB's staff as a coach after this is all done?
It's interesting that athletes are forbidden from promoting their sponsors in social media
Jesus replied: "'Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind.' -Matthew 22:37 (NIV)
My son has insomnia, I'm sure of it. Babys get insomnia , right? "/
do you still have my phone #?
I Still Love My Ex, But I Dont Know How To Tell Him Cause Every Time I See Him I Blush
If I wanna cut, let me. It's my escape. It helps ME.
Never expect things to happen. Its better to feel surprised than dissapointed.
lol it's actually a song <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
oh no! that's not good. i hope you're alright darlin'
UC Davis chancellor says she was concerned for the safety of the peaceful protesters. Right...Sic the police on them...that will help.
How about a shout-out for the talented and her awesome fans?!
My pleasure - thank YOU! Cast an enthusiastic vote for you for the Saveur award! :)
Just picked up the for the #TEDxChange Sacramento event at ! Looks and smells so delicious!
thanks momma i love you so much!!!<3333
Man wishing I could get a loan for 2000 so I can stay in this apartment. No job, and going out of my mind.
That massage therapist literally tucked me in and told me I was doing a good job. It was pretty great.
Usher- thats what its made for
thx 2 SunTimes 4 printing & BMarshall you rock! So glad ur in Chicago where ur messages will b heard by more peeps.
So good (and rich) that we are both in a food coma!
What is KUC?
GOOD AFTERNOON WARRIORS!!!!!!!! It's the first day of class, it must feel
gshit i hate waking up with a headache
Just watched trailers for several big 2012 movies. Looks like the Mayans were right.
Watchin behind the music on biggy smalls...and this detective had some good leads on suge knight but lapd refuse to take on the case smh.
Antony, I'll definitely look him up, thanks for the response!
so tired stayed up til 4am getting my hair done now thats dedication
Damn, HGHS just tried us
BITCH. xD have fun at rotr though! ^-^
Heading out for a few days off; radio silence until next week. Have a great weekend, everyone.
I wish I could tweet some questions I receive on my #Yelp account :)
ADAM JONES with a MONSTER BLAST to put the O's up in the 15th inning! #oriolesmagic feel it happen!
Was very curious to hear if it *might* have something to do w/ not getting bunt down. Very very unlikely, but curious.
Psychological Fact: To dream that you have a crush on somebody is a literal reflection of your attraction & fascination for that person
The Brewers have a day off today. Let's take a look around at how the standings are shaping up!
BOXERCRAFT just licensed the Choosey Chicks brand!!! "Choosey Chicks by boxercraft" will launch next week at MAGIC in Las Vegas,
Doing my thing, producing. You?
Thought Kyle Kuric was the man...
Even though I do not support #OO anymore I was horrified by this image. Pure sadism.
Scary movie one is so funny haha
I am a huge Juventus fan in Serie A. In the Premier league, I usually like Arsenal.
Get the chiefs to put that on a shirt!
wheres that single?!
wonder if i'll ever do that!
Thx for the followup. All is good now. Just wallowing in your glory- a GREAT idea properly executed deserves nothing less!
when is your album coming out?? :)
Fun fact: your brain uses 20-30% of your total oxygen intake!
we love the Samurai!
Felt like old times
I gave her my heart, she gave me a pen.
Merry Christmas everyone! Have a beautiful day!
Hey strawberry Stoli and lemonade, did we just become best friends?
We can't decide what to cook for dinner. What do you suggest?
I accidentally have two copies of Aja in my iTunes so each time I listen to the album I hear each track twice in a row
America's naptime.
Alright we just waiting for the right time and the music is gonna be phenomenal I promise that, have I disappointed anyone yet?
- great presentation! good ideas and makes me realize I could do so much better
who Mauricio Salles just red carded for Gone from the game and ineligible for Monday's game 2
thanks! I must have been high and missed that. And thanks for the FLAC love.
Also saw local documentary film doc and frequent NY Times medicine columnist Ben Daitz MD doing interviews at the UNM med school today
I'm determined to get mentions from you that are not related to food. Time to diet! (starve).
Not one, but two v-necks? That's right tonight and tonight only I will be sporting the rare double V.
apologizing does not always mean your wrong. It just means you value your friendship more than your ego.
Production meeting at The Abbey with Corona & food :)
People wanna make a million dollars but dont put a million dollars worth of work into there craft
Someone just take me to Arlington.PLEEEEAAAASSSEEE.
75 degrees sounds nice in theory but not when it's mixed with monsoon-like rains!
I wish my hotel had a yearbook! So cute!
you're cool.
snow ball run is dope!
The worlds definition of love is Made up of fake relationships with painted smiles over frowns. Nothing is what it seem anymore.
the glory days. RT : I miss giving lessons on rap :(
thanks for coming out today Michael. We really appreciate it. Glad you liked the :)
have you seem Wrath of the titans? and I saw it this weekend.
Weekend Sale Save 10% off all products including SALE items. Use code: WEEKEND
I've never been this organized, made myself plan ahead or been so committed to anything in my life! Serious dedication!
Not being able to run tomorrow is killing me.
Hey #beerclub. What's up?
CAN'T WAIT!
A great way to spend a rainy Tuesday night...watching the original Halloween 2 :)
FUCK YOU FAG
so what does everyone think of the Nike jerseys?
check ur inbox lame
interested. There's also a sweet water event
1800s: First Principles + Free People = Unparalelled Prosperity. NOW: Free Nation + X + Y = Choked Economy. SIMPLE: Solve for X, Y & remove!
Blue Collar Wednesdays!! Come and get it! Show business card or come in work uniform and get 20% off your meal!!!
Congratulations to the #Nuggets for winning last night and forcing a game six! Who do you think was last night's MVP?
I'm excited for that (:
Were playing with Dangerous Summer and The Morning of August 12th!!! Contact us for tickets and more info!
it is when your a fame leech like her
Meeting a good friend at Huntington Beach Pier for dinner and drinks.
Stop by the blog and tell us about your favorite JPS books! jpsblog.org
So no one won the draft contest. So the 1st to contact me who entered the contest earlier wins the autograph
Gearing up for our 5th annual Day on the Docks this coming weekend! At MarineMax we do it right! Boats, food, good times on the water!!!!
That's so RAD! I LOVE Dave Grohl!
Okay so I'm on my phone & when I click the link to listen to Dementia I see the article but I can't find anything to click on to play it...
+|!!!+ SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...$2 DRINKS FREE PARKING...LADIES FREE B4 11 ....SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Just noticed new avatar.
lets start hanging banners
except, I've now resorted to eating cheese as a procrastination tactic.
Yes! And how about actually addressing the biomechanical faults that caused the issue in the first place
The fact that Crave beat The Grey Plume as best new restaurant is a travesty.
I'm veryy sorryy to hear your sick, I hope you feel better!(:
we like how you operate :) ^ag
OMG. So glad to finally connect with you! Safe travels to Alabama and can't wait to work together! Woo hoo!
Work is going by so very slowly ! 5 more hours!
Terrible customer service at #southfield #bestbuy. Only 1 employee who know anything about camcorders and he is tied up. HELP
I would be fascinated to hear your theory on what Brownback's staff was trying to do.
Lol this is a good day!!
hahaha yes and because I felt sick in the morning :/
Time for Happy Hour to kick start the weekend! Stop by for some great barbecue this weekend!
hey now! That's not fair.
QR codes – have a plan and don't just slap it up there because it's the trend. Make it go somewhere interesting.
Thanks for following us the other day. We're following you back!
Please check out and her #Eugene marathon recap. Holy amazing.
Went to the pool yesterday. Had a great time, and set for the year on the tan part of things. Ouch. '-.-
M...probably not :/
Advice at cyberbullying seminar yesterday for teachers - join networks/sites your kids are on. See what's going on not just on FB.
*Reminder* don't open DM from me. It is spam..
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 313
So much for our blizzard... Roads are clear, yet the schools are closed in a panic. Lame... Wish I had the day off, though...
thanks so much. I will be sure to read this later on
YAY! I can't wait!
going to #knicks you will be missed in
get over what? A thug? Should be banned for life. Utter pest.
Undecided about a platform... Cancer Awareness or Save the Arts.. both hit close to home...
Bonus round for #30daysofbiking today. Biked to grocery store for dinner makings. One less trip by car. Woot!
Good morning virtual world. How many people have more friends here then in the real world?
That studio f-n van died out on me. And it's pouring rain.
Want to know which restaurants will be featured at the May 26 Silver Spoon Awards Party? Stay tuned!
Grind time.
Congrats, Mike and Sable team!
Back from a long vacation in India
Tornado in Forney reported just now.
“: Any status on Braun for this weekend? I am catching the game in San Fran Saturday!” - day to day (aren't we all...)
Almost Friday (:
Want to send a big thanks to everyone that has purchased tickets already! Very very good response!
Theres these really great songs and then you hear a reggae cover of it in a grocery store.....its like crapping on a greally good painting.
Actually, 8 Mile should just be re-made so it's Eminem vs GOP. Everyone knows Lickedy Split was the best battle anyway. That's Santorum.
Dare to dream!
Pappy's Funk Party tonight ! Pappy's gettin out the whippin stick and Momma's gettin some before Mothers Day Brunch tomorrow!
The local library has reduced hours, no doubt to save on personnel costs. Do you really need more reasons to be financially free?
If im not followin you back hit me wit a mention so i can follow you.
#THING I HATE
you're so cute. I wish all my guys friend's are as cute as you. I'm ugly. & your not.
Ditto! RT : thrilled to have u in LA sept 30 !!! Thanks for joining the fight against childhood cancer
notice giving the look of skepticism that a wise man knows to give
ha! “: Really need to change the name of Joe to Slow the Art of Coffee.”
thanks so much for checking us out! Means the world to us :)
Naw nigga I'm good son
Hey Cupcake lovers! Putting together a new Fall Menu...anything you would like to see???!!!!
Can someone please tell me why the beautiful days always happen when I'm stuck inside at work?
Ha, well he's sure doing a great job showing you all that you're not missing
My hands shake when I drink those. Be careful!
OMG my eyes BURRRRRNNNN
I was on the warrior news throwing up illuminati Cole World lol
how's your day going so far this awesome Morning
Still looking for that last minute meeting location?
RT : HIDE THE REMOTE! For every 2 hours of TV watching your risk of diabetes goes up 20%, says new AMA study.
#RWPRSA was fabulous! Made some great connections and learned so much more about
I don't wanna fuck any man bad enough to use the same toothbrush. Never.
A3: Broadway sports plays will happen until they stop making money -- remember they also must have relevant timing - these did
Pat Summitt is probably stepping down to recruit a young team of scientists that she can coach to an Alzheimer's cure within 2 years
you've been there twice hahaha. Ah, well I'm really upset so I had to go dance it off.
Hate science.
Windows down :)
It's the 6 most requested songs of the day! #MilwaukeesMostWanted starts at 8:00! Turn that 'ish on!
who wants to DM me im doing it now?
I could see the Galleria requiring one.. it's the GALLERIA. But Northpark? The upper-echelon version of Towneast? Smh. Smh.
You somehow manage to look like a crackhead AND be fat as fuck at the same time. Please don't have babies.
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
Good night beautiful people :D
Loved the Sanchez girl on !! She was great!!
They're so amazing. lol. voted on my mom's phone. my dad's phone, my phone and my grannys phone(;
fallow me:)
ha i do what i can!
Is the #Clippers and #Grizzlies the most exciting first round series to watch?
I am enjoying Angry Birds Space! Pretty fun. Thanks for mentioning it.
When Justins offline: JUSTIN PUT JERRY INSIDE ME!!!- When Justins online: I love you so much, your my inspiration #nsn #believe!
Spring break here I come
Thanks for the follow. VA guy? I was a Richmond Spider, back in the day. Keep working hard.
thanks :) Glad you like it!
awesome! Break legs! Be sure to post or add a link when you get a copy or stills! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Full moon, shinin bright
We've secretly replaced the audience's popcorn with methamphetamine.
so this is now officially a PSA
Check your file sizes and fragmentation status....if you need to clean up your file...do it now...don't wait til busy season!
Planning on seeing the Rembrandt exhibition on Sunday
hey Chris whatsup?!:)
That is truly incredible. Compare 16,285 psi to the 14.7 psi of sea level. Deepest I've ever been is 80 feet.
Another dub for the Money Team
I have the next two days off and seriously want to play!
wow, at #wholefoods for lunch and #spicegirls are playing.
that was my day off. drat!
Spring break flew by, just like winter break...I'm not ready to go back to school:(
If I Get To 400 #followers My Friend And I Will Make A Video Of Us Dancing And Singing To #SOLISTEN From ! Plz Cody! 143!!<3
RT : Just sent off the first installment of chapters for the #SAP #HANA #ebook to layout team >Thx, Jeff. We're on it.
Have all these options , but I still Want You
Wow its humid tonight!
Wobegon.... WHERE ARE YOU???
He brought Pete home? Awkward.
I didnt actually READ my speeding ticket. I thought it was like the terms and conditions on a website. Who knew it had instructions.
"sodfather" hm creative !!!
lol...it really does. He makes me sick.
Good Luck
I am not a woman who argues. I have been operating in a false behavior and today I correct that behavior and become true to myself.
This Israel can do no wrong attitude had got to change in order for there to be real and lasting peace.
“: Gary's hoodie must smell the best”
I believe it's nap time!
It's time to do some ziplining this morning:)
When I wear flowers in my hair ________
My four groovy buttons! RT : My buttons! My buttons!
Did you hear about the stupid Kamikaze pilot ?He flew 57 missions !
Happy Wednesday Oakland!
No sleep, no talking , no smiles,wow just like school hahahaha...
Another time. Good luck with your paper!
Hey Roger, craziness of course! lol Thursday or Friday next week possibly? or beginning of following week?
Jessica, are you still in twitterland? Can't find you :( ...........
Sad if true! ": A law enforcement source at the scene tells us Junior committed suicide ... shot himself"
Phillies game. Come on, you got this Phils(: my babies needa hit a homerun <3
#cnbcdebate the only person up there whose word you can trust is
I'm not felling it today wunna sleep rather then work
'Cause all of the stars are fading away
The Dogs have had their baths....
easy on the hot-linking. Those images are ~15mb.
Playing for Best Band in Denver tonight. Guest judge will be Shawn (Clown) from Slipknot!
Everything is urgent cause all we got is now!
Watching wife swap in class today
if you read the instructions that come with condoms then clearly you are just fucking yourself
The 5k books of #thepeopleslibrary have been thrown in the trash.
That is so cute! What kind of pup?
Congrats Bruce on your #12 jersey retirement! You were critical to our team's success and '03, '05 and '07 championships!
did you leave bud light in my fridge again?
Omg rob, are you alright?!? Are you sure your not feelin alright?! I'm berry disappointed in you. #Notcool ;)
lol. If its coming out of my mouth it is!
Tweeting live from the swings at fiesta Texas just to say...BRING ON THE CLIPPERS!!! #GoSpursGo #SpursNation stand up...time to kick ass!!!
Jenny Bauer... So good to see you.
i have a horrible headache
I love y'all <3
We all have that friend that acts innocent, but understands all the dirty jokes.
Details! Seacats, PonyHomie, Temptranquil & City In The Sea show this Saturday at Ground Zero. $6 or $5 w/ a can of food.
It's unreal how much can happen in a year. So thankful to be at Belmont and in Nashville.
UGH i hate the new facebook profiles SO MUCHH.
These commentators are bugging! He's 1/10th of the 1%... hm, sound like some new world order sh*t to me
had a lovely experience tonight. posh car, friendly driver, quick service.
It was fabulous!! #nom RT : Today we're serving lunch to !! Thanks for having us. :)!
u waffle <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
You are amazing please dont ever change the way you are :)
How many wins do you see for the G-men this season?
If u fail 2 plan then u plan 2 fail.
Don't blame me on your personal problems.
yeah, I'm going ahead with it. I'm waiting on a response from the artist. :))
doing well, I can see my degree coming soon. I am starting to formulate business ideas..I am determined to open up my own shit.
Oh twitterfeed, I can't keep up with you.
Interview a bunch of people about a certain topic and pitch the media on doing a story or show about what you discover.
Clipper fans throwing their brand new tees into the laundry & reaching for the vintage Lakers shirt they've always owned. Typical #LA fans.
Let's hope the grand jury found it isnt needed for something so obvious.
my dream car is a yellow bikini top jeep with low or no doors p.s. i l o v e y o u < 3
I'll be live 4pm with important details about the condition of Junior Seau's brain and possible damage caused by football
until my
Atlanta, have you seen the Freedom Hand sculpture off of I-85n? The symbol of
RT : Top 10 Social Media Events that Shook the World: 8. UK Riots, Politicians blamed mobile phone text/instant messaging....
Hmm, where'd that come from? Dad, from my home computer? Tweet-mistake.
Have to say...so impressed with's desire to learn about local organizations and our needs. Inspiring questions.
“Clothes make the man. Naked people have little influence on society.” – Mark Twain
says "That's it! I quit! I'm movin' on" - at least until tomorrow.
Downtown LA Law commercial coming to a station near you.
wow I need more followers 99% of my stuff on here is from u lol
Fudge yeah! Go Egan!
And for my Kentucky fam, it's not hyooostun. It's howwston. q:
We'll be at #AREAA today. Come by and say hi.
Fascinating discussion about the problems with structuring patient data -> long text is a slop bucket for unstructured data
Maybe probably going to Farmers Market. Maybe see you there.
Jimmystanch is rocking out in Phoenix Arizona...
4Humanities both a "platform" and a "resource" for humanities community.
1653 beers ago
No, first level of movie isn't set in slasher, it's set at location that audience knows is simulacrum of slasher.
Cant wait to move to my city! February 20th cannot come fast enough.
RT : RT Inspiring (& a bit addictive.) Some great business advice straight from successful startup founders...
": Looking at a photograph and wishing you could re-live that moment." Thats how I feel looking at the pics of playlist!<3 :')
Seriously Marcum??? Never had it all game
And the Lakers are losing by 27. Really?
Quote of the day-"it's like #shawshank #redemption, just gotta keep chipping away" - BW
"Resignation imprisons love." ~Alison Armstrong
Hooked On2 running a special on NY Style On2 Salsa Private Lessons...Give us a call to get further information. (786) 234-3776
In need of more Yarn, Stat!
love life
I want to lock myself into a culture of dependency with you.
Thanks Ashton! We're planning to come to vancouver next tour so 'stay tuned' ....
The secret of a good sermon is to have a good beginning anf a good ending; and have the two as close together as possible.
Luckily, I don't there are any arm mangling machines in a radio studio.
yum I'd be happy to seat you next time you come :)
Happy Draft Day!
Thank you!
RT : Success woke me up, Motivation made me Breakfast, Destiny gave me my Agenda and the Lord gave me his Blessings.
Yeah surprising!
oh yea?! I'm showing my lack of NCAA basketball knowledge right now...
Good call! Hit up Clermont Lounge tonight lol.
Good day my fellow twitterling.... how is everyone.. i know i missed #tittytuesday.... so how was it lol
aww that's sweet.but i have no style
sent off encylopedia entry... on to the next task.
Back in the day, I'd be blogging the hell out of this.
Received a compliment on my eyebrows today. BEST COMPLIMENT EVER.
Accepted to College in St. Paul, MN! 3 for 3!
rain after a drought... It feels really good, not like winning a world series but still. You in Bloomington anymore?
Just as whiny as his father was. Though most of those killed were clones! ;-)
RT “: gothic chola is in” : Finally!
I wish I could base my ENTIRE life on a book of metaphors. Then I could go to heaven, and not do a GODDAMN thing.
TGIF indeed! Be sure to follow this weekend for updates on the #NABEFCareerFair and
#FitTip Supply your muscle longer with amino acids after workouts by combining whey,soy and casein protein
Dear lord, Mirror Mirror! What did we do to deserve that? (I'm totally showing it to my summer FT class!)
Off the backboard playa, I enjoy to bank. Plus my people smoking on that pack, noise complaint.
I'm on the road to nowhere...
Yours is for sure the bigger and better view than mine.
how are you Ken?
If you're not at to see the #CommunionTour ESPECIALLY , check yourself, 'cuz you've already wrecked yourself!
Eric Church <3
OH some trainer telling clients to give up nightshades to reduce inflammation. Great half advice. JFC.
Gotta get the website done and put the finishing touches on the plans for our 1st fundraiser. There's a lot 2 b done, but our team is ready!
Can I pretend that my long overdue rejections are because the editors are duking it out over my work? Good plan? Y/Y?
it depends on how hungry you are!
Smoke rings yer buddy
OK SOUNDS GOOD
Time and Tide wait for no man, but time always stands still for a woman of thirty. ~ Robert Frost
so that all become users, and the community helps each other become more effective and so quality of use improves? 2/2
super! Thanks Brent!
And your no saint either. Nothing but lies from you.
supposed to leave tomorrow morning but now it's Tuesday. If you want to grab a beer before then let me know!
well said well said
Happy Saturday ladies!
RT "When a person does not have their own Important targets, goals and purposes they are inclined to resent th ...
LOL...yes, may necessitate some extra, er, "compression garments"...
lol tommorow on hurdles your gonna be feeling the pain!!
Fondon issues another walk and loaded the bases.
i`m thinking every draftee has 2 1/2 kids each.
Hey Everyone! We're playing @ Mixtapes, Fight For First, Trust Issues, Roswell, Story Mode! Repost and tell all your friends!
Damn my nigga Damn #gone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
It's okay. Anybody who reposted that is too stupid for Facebook as well. :)
- have to cast a vote for Fratelli's Flathead
did anyone record austream yesterday? :/
Please let us know if that works out for you.
electrifying 2nd performance tonight! Wow.. I got the chills again!
Random but I want to go paintballing soon.
Email is the devil. Know how to tame him.
!!! RT : I feel like its such a small world, I have this eagerness to branch out and meet new people and experience new things.
We are hear for you! Prost! Glad you you had a good time.
go get 'em! wish i was there but i'll be watching :)
I somehow knew that was coming! I haven't had vino in forever, count me and my walker in! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
About to perform Harlem.
's always comin at my head on twitter !!! She knows she'd get that ass beat...
Three Doors Down, "When I'm Gone"
a good slab may be worth missing slot
Carlisle just stole "battling" from Wash. Guess that's how sports interview go.
What are some of the most confusing terms associated with #desktop #publishing? I want to hear from you!
Are on 2+2 all the time ?
hope you feel better soon :)
Thanks for the follow. Keep us in the loop if you hear of any good history exhibitions.
Thoughts and prayers to fellow Hoosiers in southern Indiana.
Yes you do! Simple pieces... like basic shirts and chic scarves. You'll look fabulous!
Why be a flute, when you can be an electric guitar ?
So wrapped up in the comedic uproar of #celebrityapprentice arguments, forgot #Girls was on.
Do you want to go do karate in the garage?
Seriously!? This whole spam thing is getting really old. I guess it's time to change my password!
Wouldn't surprise me but no time to be bitter now.
Being that one person that everyone looks at after a One Direction refrence has been made.
I need a new battery for my cell phone! Gahh >.< Or better yet, a new cell phone. #iPhone ? >:)
Thanks for the help this morning - Hope the parade is the best one yet!
OH: "The most people I ever see is at Wal-Mart."
RT : Excited about our Seattle trip! Just booked a room with Their service has been amazing. Can't wait to stay!
Key in the job search! RT Taking advantage of social media as a conversation rather than an announcement platform.
aww how sweet!!
How in Vegas of all places do the resturant/bars in this airport terminal close at 8pm?
your amazing Amanda
the 1920s called and they want your dated references from the 90s back
"Cut me down, but it’s you who’ll have further to fall ghost town and haunted love raise your voice, sticks and stones may break my bones."
Thanks! You to!
- #RedSox are opposite of Tribe in "Major League". Instead of "lets win the whole damn thing",it's "win or lose, we're rich!"
Bored w
PIERRE is a happy truck! Union Station Ficellenians treat him like a King today. Thank you so much for your preference!
Nothing geeky about preparing yourself for the worst. Congrats!
Thank you for the RT!
so talented you are lol
so said right NOW
Still havent received my Jay-Z e-mail for SxSW tickets??
My ancestors must be in a Witness Protection Plan - Unknown Author
America's greatest state trooper.
You better get in, it's been the real deal. A lot of blood, sweat and tears in the gym!
Said by no one never RT : The Mets game CANNOT START SOON ENOUGH.
Interviewed an author this morning. There's something strangely ironic about one writer interviewing another...
Excellent Sarah! ~~>Way to catch up on that email! *wink wink* Thanks!
Lawyers know how to take isolated complaints in a divorce case and build them into one big one.
I hve a low tolerance for ignorance! # check yo self
thought you might have some thoughts on this
I like it
where are you tonight?
Very excited about the conversation at Harvard today. Thank you so much to participants retweeting for us!
Big screen set up and area reserved for game watching at B-Dubs Polaris.
thank you, most hospitable :)
Turns out gcd was fine all along, the core data context i was sharing among objects was the blocking among operations, duh
really interesting stuff!
hi joey:-)
OKAY WHATEVER. HE IS ANNOYING. HIS ACCENT ISNT EVEN SEXY. LIKE ONE DIRECTIONS IS.
buut.. being a nurse = making a difference in the world <3
Going through the motions. I feel like a robot. When does this end?
still mad at me? Lol
nb. so many great things about California, wonderful people & beautiful place, but I hope it's not becoming the Golden Cage State.
Thanks to all our new followers. This Sat. On SL: Jazz Porn, Rhianna gets back in the ring, Ohio pro wrestling, drunk 9 year olds, & Lent.
Don't bother Songs/Dying Earth ed. GRR Martin, he needs to focus on finishing his Ice & Fire series before the next ice age.
gotta get #ohcaptainmycaptain into the mix every once in a while
The human centipede 2 is fucking disgusting. I'm gagging.
these tweets are gold!
I just can't get right yall! I'm sorry!
Pacers Win!
I'm Johnny! Nice to meet you. Yeah, I run the SongwriterTips facebook page... Talk soon!
Ugh! Another storm with heavy rain & more hail.
Now that I'm all done with this installation part, I kinda forgot about this 20 page paper that needs to get done as well
Yes! I'm watching Survivor and at the commerical break, the video resumed while the KFC ad was still playing. Starting over.
RANDOLPH ANDTHE FAMILY BAND Killed it tonight!We were honored to open and set the funk up for their band!Thanks
I feel like this ALL THE TIME.
ooh, i was playing with my mic. settings and now my voice sounds a lot clearer & a bit echoey [cool-echoey] :D lilly likeey.
#PiePdxFAQ Q: Isn't a scam by where we do all the work, investors risk their investment and he just takes a cut? A: Yep.
I forgot the charger for my iPad keyboard so I guess I will have to use the iPad keyboard until I get back home.
What? Do I need to make another trip to the dirty? Bmore careful!!
Start TODAY and make #homemade #realfood gifts for your #glutenfree or #paleo #primal friends... huge post w tons of ideas!...
#ChuckNorris can slam revolving doors.
vermont is great! i wish it would snow! i am thinking about coming down in jan! i'll let you know. :)
Lisa Moriyama~ If a relationship is to evolve it must go through a series of endings.
all the older designs yeah and the EP artwork
I can't DM you if you aren't following me
Whew! Made it to #ewgc. Hi, all!
Calling all #jiujitsu practitioners to #retweet to unite our community!!! #OSS!!!
do you not think so far ahead because i been thinking abut forever
#ItsAllFunAndGamesTil u come to a speed bump -__-
aw he's got a cast lol
Exactly RT i think diaz looks awful. terrible at the bust area. bullock's dress would be better if it wasn't so loose at top!
why do graduations piss off relatives?
Reardon staff moving a little slow today,
SOLD a Honda Car yesterday for $650.what a deal someone got.
Best entertainment in TV!! I was surprised Aubrey wasn't in the final 2, but I think Clay & Arsenio r great.
I reseeded my lawn today, which of course means that I fed all the neighborhood birds while doing nothing whatsoever to improve my lawn.
Excellent. Will check it out! Thanks!
waiting for the next talk to begin, the sound crew was playing "Eminence Front" by The Who. Interesting choice of music.
it was subtle. I almost held it up in the air at one point.
you still sick?
Any bros want to play some Madden 12 on the Xbox?
Mowing the grass and out of breathe ,I need a new diet plan lol
It is muc better than passively tweeting.
same here
Yes. In that eventually you say "fuck it, what are the odds that I'll get audited?"
From an old Army pilot to a brave young Marine...Semper Fi...
I wonder who gone miss me after high school?
S/o to the next big social network
I'm SHUNNED by some because they can't figure out who running shit, Its the Guy with his thumb by his chest - Index points 2 my
I still wanna see "The lucky one" I have a thing for movies like that c':
All the tix are gone! Hope you all have a great time!
I've never seen this movie. Looks boring
I for long thought GMs are from Ivy league grad or scout. Player evaluator to MLB clubs as to Stock broker to Wall St firms
i am only responsible for what i say. i am not responsible for what you understand.
Let's run away and don't ever look back.
Does have the stupidest fucking hair or what? Is it the 40's?
It never fails, the #Giants defense always collapses in the 4th.
HERE WE #GOBREWCREW HERE WE GO ((clap.clap)) & Repeat
Why is my twitter unfollowing people?
Don't forget to enter our sweepstakes! Winner drawn on Wednesday!
makes it sound so simple
When I turn 21 I want 2 be on the bad girls club.... ;))))
recording guitars
Weezer - Pork & Beans.
Thanks for the #haberdashery love !
Scavenger hunt 10
Here comes the schedule
8 to midnight
Happy Mother's Day to all you Hot Mamas!
Amazing turnout for #BT2012 last nite. Congrats on another milestone to and Urban Ministries of Wake County
That awkward moment when someone's voice doesn't match their appearance.
all day!
Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way and who will be sharing the adventure with them. – Denis...
“: “: : how is the sexiest couple in Miami??”>> Very Sexy!
that's so sick! I won't forget, believe me lol. C ya on the 26th of Feb!!
Just carb loaded with a ton of pasta pre-race!
Private bathrooms? Exclusive beer tastings? Umm.. yes? Only way to get it is with VIP tix! Availability is VERY limited!...
I got 2 callbacks!!! 1 is a SAG feature
How's Lenovo support (or have you ever had to contact them)?
Tonight at !! DJs Gary Janota & Michelle Riot spin punk, ska, soul, reggae & more! Vee guest bartends! 10pm-4am!
that last tweet was for #nosubtweet lol
I don't like because she's cody simpsons sister. I like her because she is a classy young role model to all 13yr old girls.
So we are somewhat ready for the show this Friday with Xibalba, Soul Search, Bust, and On Track. Make sure you come out. Show starts at 4.
We got to say... thats a bit odd
DC Urban Farm - they have social media but not enough -
My diagnosis: one fractured rib a dislocated knee and a broken ankle :( this day just keeps getting better!
Never wanted some1 so much as I want you Henry! in my crazy place miss'n you bad! Screaming 4 u but u dnt hear me. :'(
“: thanks love i appreciate =]]” no problem :)
Ugh! i wanna get breakfast.... anyone down?
I find television very educational. Every time someone turns it on, I go in the other room and read a book. ~ Groucho Marx
I just fell of my chair. OHMYWESLEY MY OVARIES JUST EXPLODED HOLY CRAPPING HOTNESS
I don't use Tweet Deck anymore, but I am pretty sure you can. Or could. Not sure if you still can since Twitter bought it.
Looking for regular low limit mix game in LV. Any suggestions?
Julian Lennon performed for the Internation Association Against Drugs on this day in 1998. Umm...didn't he do lots of drugs?
Who it remind yo of ?RT : Everytime I watch cheaters I get mad smh
I may actually need a vacation from the govt..get it together...stand up for what you believe in...
Miami in October for the birthday kickoff???
graveyard double feature - tonite at 4am. PORKY'S + MARS ATTACKS. join Larry Lava for movies, popcorn & mai tais. only at Frankie's
Res Dolls 166-Unholy Rollers 129
Omg about to be blown over today!
"If happy ever after did exsist I would still be holding you like this" ...ya right...happy ever after my ass....
Their run ends vs. Butler...VCU can't handle the bright lights of the Final Four and the Tenacious D of the Butler Bulldogs
Saddest day for me!:'(
"Truth begins in heresy and ends in superstition." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Babe, is it in?" "Yeah" "Is it hurting?" "Mmhmm" "Let me try to put it in slowly" "Ouch, it still hurts!" "Ok, let's try another shoe size"
up 4-0 in the bottom of the 6th after a 1 run single by JJ.
looks so delish. Send some to San Diego so we can try.
In 2012, I hope to ski on a different continent (Europe, S. Amer, or NZ) and to see a whale shark in the South Pacific.
I highly recommend the smoked turkey at
and i will always be down. especially lol.
Vandersloot has self deported his company into failure!
stop by my place wife
Awhhh, just heard auto guru Carroll Shelby died.
I kind of miss my ipod. :/
INSANE. So cool. Very inventive method of storytelling. Just wish there were fewer people there so it wasn't so crowded
I swear my friend sounds like whenever she tells stories from home! Sound effects and all lmaoo!
Whoever closed the bathroom door at the house when the lights were off...you suck, walked right into the door.
it will be possible =)
I love David Grohl. Hes sexy.
here u uhh, screw this i dont know how to speak british. MY MOM DOES.but i dont.if only i was british...THAT WOULD BE AMAZING
Fwd: If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put my dick in your ass.
Im still on
Right where she wants me .... RT : He was running around in the pocket of my cargo pants
& people are crazy.
I hate it when people use emojis in EVERY tweet.
- imma bring my board and stuff tomorrow. We can blow it off for networking etc. if there are no waves.
If you are coulrophobic that is not the book for you! Very creepy!
Urg. Tough morning, and it's only 9 a.m.
sounds fancy tho! I been to a gala in highschool. I met serena williams lol
RT : This Q&A w/ John D’Agata and Jim Fingal in is more interesting than “Lifespan of a Fact” itself...
Wow, thanks! The good words are very much appreciated!
thanks for the mention! Have a great weekend.
": Men are four times more likely to sleep in the nude than women." I can tell by art the tweets on my feed...
TUESDAY - Big day at our Office. Summer Interns arrive. We will introduce them in the next few days. They will will be with us for 10 weeks.
Who wants 80% stronger #hair, 35% more shine, and 67% more color protection? Call today!
Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third
Hey stranger! Long time no see!
Became a Department Head in the Business career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
amouse Heller sed to send a encouragement message so here it Is good luck to u we love u !!! :-)
You're welcome!
see you soon man!
Working on my honors thesis after getting a nice workout in. Can it be Monday already?
Cards baseball up 5
About 60000 chippies Home game fun
Good stuff. I was planning to be on campus on Monday (not sure what time), so I'm sure we'll meet up sometime.
I love the steam rising from the capo and drummer
tell your mom me nd jesse said happy mothers day
Hey Boston Celtics, yeah this is crazy. But you lost, so go home maybe? :) #SIXERS #SHOWYALUV #BYEBYEBOSTON <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+2764>
LOL. You are probably right. Smokey wins.
hey, nice picture! Terrible photographer, though I'm still taking credit...
Thanks, looking forward to it!
yes:) I liked ur fb page, loved the music there. Do u have a youtube?
The Broncos are Cash poor because of Orton's contract and Shanny's and Mcdaniel's contracts too= no big signings
accor need to sort their aclub shenanigans out. it's confusing, one time i got a 15% dining discount, this time no discount. what the heck.
P.S. and a handful of Ryan Gosling movies.
Those who covered Bulls injury updates know that's not good RT : Tom Thibodeau reports that Bosh will be a game-time decision.
hey whats up
Grammys #wine pairing: 2010 Michigan Riesling w/ aged provolone. Listen to tonight's award winners while enjoying ours. Cheers!
LeBron's first game back before he ripped our hearts out :)
If Buzz Williams goes to SMU...he better not. Those must be pipe dreams for SMU, even if money talks, get used to 3,000 in stands Buzz
LOLOL..yea, she's about to be GROSS...I feel cheated on -__-
Ministry is about willing hearts and minds committed to be obedient to God's vision. Happy Annivesary !!!
played the song 'Untouched' by TheVeronicas on #
RT : When we copy we justify it. When we are copied we vilify it.
Can't seem to get a reupholstering company to call me back. Can you suggest one in #DC?
I've decided an workflow infographic is just the thing for my film project manual! And FINALLY it will be finished.
RT : Thrilled to be in the same room with & Alex Kotlowitz of for & literacy.
they say true love is when u cant sleep at night because reality is finally better than your dreams maybe one ill know if its true or not
Surry, twitter isn't a diary. Take that to Facebook.
not surprising. Have I missed the obligatory Rob Patterson post? Alejandro working at Waterloo? Billy Ray Cyrus?
. Still disappointing for those of us who are longtime supporters. I know some who are dropping because of it.
Nice! And good for the student for asking a credible source about how to find credible sources :).
I love u you and Zenday are my role modlos and I know Zenday
Heading out to Atomic Koi to add another client to Social Inbox! Blowing up!!
So jealous. RT Just received official approval for my Rose Bowl credentials! Cannot wait to go to Pasadena.
don't rely on social networking for a confidence boost should totally be one.
OOps! sorry, not 4U Pete...
I OFFICIALLY HAVE A PENNSYLVANIA DRIVER'S LICENSE AGAIN!!!!!!!!
So which players who's last name start with the letter "G" are projected to be there in round 4?
friends are great
what kind? 17183165249
Today was such a great day :))
Not talking about cliche libertarian talking points. Talking about long-term real reform putting California on move again.
check out aka Thomas I did the artwork for his flash fiction cards.
Thought only the bakery was open at Ganache; called and that is correct -- bakery only.
feeliing pretty dope right now
sure thought he was on letterman couple nights ago #FAT=funny
I want some dinner. To bad no parents are home
yall come with wooden jewelry, I give her diamond dick.
Senator Victor Ramirez voices his support for for Congress on the air.
Huge event going down live on Facebook! October 1st. More details to come..
: New York's Iman Shumpert has suffered a torn ACL in his left knee, league source tells Y! Sports.
Can't stop watching #nextironchef ! Can they all win?! Or they can come cook for me! I'm talking to you, and .
thank you for arranging a very fun and educational event! I am already thinking of ideas to pitch for the next one :)
I promise I'll be ok...and thanks for being there :)
If you can't beat them, arrange to have them beaten.
so difficult to rank up when ur a B!
this is amazing. Gotta save this for next time I see him!!
grab something....like a bathroom weapon, and go out there.!
I love you guys! Work has been super busy and I love being able to order dinner, come home, crash, and hear the door knock.
Happy 99th Birthday !
Blowing minds and there is still a hour left
You're welcome Kim!
ow, doesn't matter sweetheart. I checked out your twitter and saw you were following me. :-) xo
don't insinuate cuss words at me.
what's that
Great meeting w/ OU colleague ! looking forward to pairing alumni mentors to current student ambassadors!
I swear she checks herself out in the mirror... Haha thanks for my braid girl <U+E404><U+E328>
Happy #EKSDay! Headed to the National Mall with my family to celebrate my mother's legacy. Play unified to live unified! eksday.org
Melano blog: if you think youre going through, just ask around and I bet your problems want seem as bad.
have you decided on a song for your audition??!
- Watching " Little Rascals " .
he basically just owned everyone.
Ready to roll in this #pack ed heat
Louise Shelley, TRCCC GMU, #ISOCDC Net fights corruption but also aids in human trafficking (via Craiglslist). Corrupt DMVs sell over-18 IDs
Designer David Peck on the Challenges of the Eco-Fashion Industry
duke sucks just sayin
Has decided that going to bed early and then cooking everything scratch tomorrow is the most viable option due to lack of fridge space!!!
Early goal for my "hometown" team! Granada 1-0 Real Madrid
when all you can think about is the one that broke your heart
it would definitely be an exciting day. bring popcorn
Going to see my Daddy! Missed him <3
Not as exciting, but it counts all the same.
Second set of amendments says bill does not apply to distinctly "private or personal" facilities, but doesn't specifically say bathrooms
Been working since 5:30 this morning and am SO ready for the weekend, especially since its 's bday!
I was told this was some gas
I can't remember the last time I used the word 'eerie' but I'd definitely use it to describe the moon tonight.
soo lol now im a twitter one
another question- anyone have a scope and sequence of programming concepts/languages/projects (all things program related) JK-12?
Let's go nuggets...you are the better TEAM.
Missed her at but got Alice in Wonderland signed by at in '10
it's just so cute that you like him tho! But B has turned into your babe!
Never heard of "My Ghost Story"! I'll have to check it out this weekend.
Next time dear friend. The winner has been announced but stay tuned because there will be all kinds of contests and giveaways!
that looked a cool night out , fighting !!!!!!! were they hitting each other over the head with there walking sticks
don't you notice a difference when u drink up?
I need dancing music if I'm going to survive today.
Hell yeah! AND my truck has 31 inch tires on it, so I'm a contender!
Congrats to - #Masters champion!
i never said it was bad! I said i was weird but it grew on me! So shut up!!
Wearing my new hat and scarf made by ! Thx! Love 'em!
Thanks for RTs, mentions,
AWESOME! Girls, COOL BACKGROUND
#CommunityX3Thurs #TheFallOfChang I know are dying for tonight.
Our Facebook page has increased its reach exponentially since
RT “: The blood on my wrists.........words i can not express.”
Soon, we will watch away sporting matches, in our home stadiums thanks to the Tupac hologram.
Chaos teaching theory introduces elements in training to throw one off usual patterns, teaching them to quickly adapt and stay focused.
Happy Turkey Day to all our US peeps!
I watched that just the other day, pure cinema magic <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I wish Wiz would come out with mad songs man!
I'm above James Cameron
no worries, there will be multiple chances per day to win
& WHEN IS #CoolMorning3 COMING?!
6 days til Battleship? I feel like the battle has already been lost.
That awkward moment went your really confident and you sing the wrong lyrics to a song!:o
Bulls win!
Everyone should get back to the basics and start creating original content. Maybe then we'll have a new story to tell.
im loving cumberlamb mall. So nice. I feel like I've been here for hours tho. I dont even like shopping lol :)
Don’t miss your chance to take in this beautiful weather! Make plans with your favorite people & dine on our outdoor patio this weekend!
I love you <U+2665>
The Wells Fargo Here+Now 20TWELVE is 10 days away! EXCITEMENT! RT if you have your ticket...bit.ly/SEIPDX
Study... Study... and more studying...
was that you singing? Guy looked just like you
if you have a juicer, you can use up 10lbs of carrots pretty quick making carrot juice.
How old r u? 13 fuckin problem???-,-
This is bad how, exactly? MT : Est. 20.4M women benefiting from expanded access to preventive services at no additional cost.
yes, I hope to have libraries named after me! :)
SGLN~200k per month revs, 2 contracts worth 7.2M over three years newly acquired Eden Technologies LLC~trading under .001~WOW, run coming
Are patient education instances recorded in new health information sharing models? Interested in impact on cost&care metrics
Moved back to LA, and it only took one day for my husband to find a Philly sports bar, that "coincidently" is right down the street from us.
sure thing Hannibal
Shabbat Shalom - wishing you all an easy and meaningful fast.
let me know when you're home so I can like ... Leave work. Lol
Our usual House Blend and dark rich Colombian on tap this muggy morning.
New Figues intern starts today, welcome Diana!
I do like you on face book, you guys have a Great Week End and be safe!!
it won't let me tweet a picture to you asdfghjkl; -.-
:-) Have a great day! RT : great analogy!
Sorry I posted that multiple times. Twitter gives me problems at times.
Follow me on instagram <U+2728><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
You can tell when i really dont give a fuck cause i will playing Asking Alexandria :D
check us out, we're new to vegas but not to music. I know you'll dig it :]
I really don't either lmao I wud watch American idol but I always forget :/
Celebrating my birthday on the rooftop of at Le Bain! Feel free to bring whomever, everyone is invited! See you tonight! Xo
Obama just opened the Gay Portal
Soon!! I will be back in June, at which point we will reunite FOR SURE. Hopefully with too? :)
Wohoo been trying to fall asleep for 2hrs now.
“Forget safety. Live where you fear to live. Destroy your reputation. Be notorious.” <U+2015> Rumi
what face down ass up?? Lmao... Get outta here<U+E405>
what's good ma? How u?
can I get a happy birthday? Oh and I'm gonna be in Towson late afternoon so if you wanna drop by I won't object.
Only two days to #Padres baseball!
I once met Frank Carson in an airport, he was very polite (even after me saying 'its a cracker'). Nice guy, rest in piece.
I haven't paid for cough drops in years. In fact, I get upset when they don't have my fav flavour.
the #Nats are hanging tough!
"lovin everything you do"
finished info sections on new website...moving on to photos!
You are most welcome.
Thanks for claiming it :)
I did. I like your family. I keep hoping to get adopted :) When are you coming back to the bay?
Kill out of town niggas, sell dope, move out of state
I need a haircut while in #Pgh. Not a $100 haircut, but not a $10 haircut, either.
It's my birthday!!!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089> first , breakfast with the best step dad ever ! Cx
Throwin money in the air like idnt really care
lol yes no doubt bout tht
That was not a charge.
Do you know about Wingate Scholarships? Harold Hyam Wingate Fndn. Might be worth looking in to.+
KITSUNÉ YOU ARE A GENIUS.
ya i lost respect on chiru the day he merged his party in Congress. Im glad Pawan Kalyan is not in politics now
No mocking from me. I step away from Twitter, particularly, for days/weeks at a time. Keeps it fresh and interesting for me.
Someone lend me their boat for a few days.
can't believe he would call out Karl like that! Damnit!! lol
I hope she's not talking about him....
I've been everywhere and nowhere, lol jk. School+work. I deactivated my facebook so I've lost touch with a bunch of people. You?
"Ever wanted to tweet a bunch of "guy who pitched" scenarios?" guy who pitched "guy who pitched" tweet-off.
Thanks! I'm an SEO Analyst.
I hate irresponsible people .
I wonder if they have Prisoner Cell Block H a British show with "Queen Bea"
Wow. The are just a stupid, stupid, stupid baseball team. It's embarrassing to watch.
Looking at switching to a credit union, anyone in the Bay Area have any suggestions for a good one to look at?
love that... have had it at the top of favs for awhile =D
#ImWeakFor A green eyed, brown/dark haired boy, AKA Nick :) <3
Having a rad time; people over her are crazy... Just like I like <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> RT Having fun on "Empire State" set? (:
Just drank a Rochefort 10 and getting ready for a St. Bernardus Abt 12. If I am still awake I'll drink a Westy just to compare
CODY PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO MEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#FollowFriday Have a super day!
Out on a run today, saw a horseback rider turning it loose on the eastern sands of Standley Lake. Impressive.
I don't know if you noticed but I'm not putting smiley faces in my tweets or any faces so what does that explain. I don't know what to feel.
jealous!!!! Let iz no if its good x
What songs are on your running playlist?
Just saw some sort of pheasants
Hence thinking in the blues and greens families. (Also planning to buy some neon-ish yellow).
ohk cool, dont mind the captions about rihanna i was bored lol
$1 scoop Wed is back (after a Lenten hiatus)! You are delicious Maroon Bells!
at the crib feel like shit bout to take it down
Who's your favorite comedian?
good night tweeties...
live a little...
ima swim threw it if the water aint deep
You and your stats...Geez.
Follow our girl and tune in may 16 as she does her radio interview from vegas!
Hm...we don't know. Half a bottle left and have leftover champagne so we will have to think about it. Good problem tho.
What the fuck is Loiter Squad?
Welcome, David, Drew, Sen, Nick and Monika! :-)
I feel you. Skate later?
idk what do ya do
i don't understand how the indian ocean is always the right temperature. (see manville, sabrina. twitter. 23 jan 2011.)
aww thanks buddy, my wallpaper has been a Delorean for the last day or so, thought of you!
“Respect is love in plain clothes.” Frankie Byrne
Drinking with MYATT
I dont do covers guys working on my own original music
help me spread the word of missing milwaukee man, tommy hecht. last seen on water street saturday night.
Louisville game AYYOOOO!!!
way to commit to your punishment Q! You were really digging 4 gold. Hysterical!!
working on a motion to dismiss this morning.
It makes me unaccountably happy that Jose Canseco's ghost has it's own twitter account, ESPECIALLY because he's not even dead.
low goal tomorrow?
Sophomore year was the worst year of my entire life
We'd like to thank our loyal followers & #travelers THANK YOU for booking travel in #Outlook, web, desktop & iphone with us!
Make the gameplay tight and good. Quit worrying about getting new customers with new crap. You will lose your loyal customers.
American Reunion with & ! Watch that movie if you get a chance, I Rawfulled so much!
I just definitively proved Tom Hanks looks like head of Cauliflower.
Only have time for abs OR cardio? Try doing Mountain Climbers at variable speeds, from slow to as fast as possible.
I think I am destined to forever be confused by 1 Samuel 28...
I wonder what orifice iPod headphones were designed for. Certainly not the ears.
I'm crying during this #Revenge episode. A lot. :(
We're here now!
hidden valley ranch and sriracha are all you need.
Thanks! It is the moistest chocolate cake because of the zucchini.
That just really pissed me off! anyone who knows me would instantly know if I come to them with a problem it shan't be simple
Yayyy you made it! Have so much fun and avoid all the you-know-whats we discussed...
Is there Hooters in Manhattan?
Got more than i bargained for watching #Drive. but ryan gosling never disappoints.
#FF love, one of my fav brunch spots in nyc
thats why you eat ice cream and take a nap :O
we can start low and bump it when it fills!
aw;D THANK YOU
aren't u on vacation?? Put ur mind at ease and chill. Enjoy paradise.
Is there enough REAL Americans left to save the republic?
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
“: She prolly thought that was very funny too smh”<I'm #weak that nigga a aviator he good
I hear good things about C25k
Thnk God for Danville, IN, and every other place STILL like it in America. Just went 2a live Nativity scene at the UMC & twn Sqr all lit up
Just found a baby bird that fell out of a nest and died. I have no stomach for this - I think I'm going to be sick.
I won't tell if you don't :D
Happy Spring! Who's headed to Rita's Italian Ice for their free ice today!?
omfq my head hurts!
m, very
your fans #TurnToYou for AMAZING music , and you just gave them more of it <3333343
Eff' Justin ! My phone was supposed to have an incoming call from YOU hours ago !
primo couch snag at lau. hoodie. chucks. coffee. ready to buckle down.
At a play supporting my best friend...
If you follow , is a must-follow RT Had a great time at #spop12 . Nice folks and lots more to cover.
All of a sudden, my vision became so clear. Everything I needed was right here, Before me
I think I misread, I apologize. Yes, I would likely take that deal
The Goo Goo Dolls <3
& , thanks for following.
thank you!!
please? Suppose to be 80 tomorrow...
#ionlycanwish will ever notice me!:(
I'm ready to push it. That tracks got fire with it
Where are ya moving to?
That was a nasty pass tho
love you guys!!! xo
awesome!! Thanks RCB!!
*cuddles with you*
I find Steven Tyler cute, in a weird way.
Work is finally done. Time to do #Vegas <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
hey tay u better follow me back bro
come to magic kingdom with and I tomorrow!
Hey, I love your band!
I actually knew a guy names Lou Stools - no joke
TAKE THAT BACK.
Doors back on the jeep. Sad day.
that hash tag can be interpreted as something else! I read it incorrectly the first time. ;)
that was legitlyy the BEST ustream ever i love ur shizz dance pretty sexii,I also love the video of you&Alex.Love you guys! <3
it's called Heavy Times email me your address I'll send you a copy
if your spirit don't convict you neither do i. Stay Blessed my brother
I did! I told Tom's group I should have taken a picture for Dane :) Think it was an 8525
Anyways , Congrats New York Mahomies .. -Ally
Does this mean I'm a senior now?
<~ the best!! #RockbabytvFamily #mademyday xo!! :o)
NFL Training Camps are starting up...Jets need to get Revis to a long-term contract!
Who has the best connection for laptops/internet and the wireless wifi to enable laptop to go with you
Thank all my followers for following me
Where My Birthday Present ?
But it's not that simple no, sometimes we feel just like machines.
Yes. We need to use wine cozies next time we hang out and drink wine :)
BB on the call on FOX! Yay!
Getting into the holiday spirit by watching Miracle on 34th St. Forgot what a great movie that is!
Any Exercise May Cut Alzheimer's Risk at Any Age
You didn't get the point
Okay my feet hurt. I vow to NO more shopping for a week until my time for the #R5westcoasttour! :D
I died
Awesome. I actually talk a lot more sports on Twitter so we will get along great here :)
Did pop call that time out? Sneaky fucker
paparazzi taking pictures, we famous
So summers almost here and my school gave me summer school yay!... not! Plus i only get 1month and a half of vacations fml.
Excellent!! We definitely have some exciting things in store & can't wait to be there!!!
it was an honor filling in for bro. We killed it!
Thoughts on SF, ? How does Google fare?
Straight shooter has yet to be proven, but I believe the rest of it.
love the hair
What a day!
You thought there was only one Todd? We're multifaceted personalities—I don't even happen to be into feet, I'm mad for elbows.
The pawnshop is a struggling musicians best friend! :-)
that is if my mom will let me out...
"grandma, why do you serve us (chicago public school students) the food you wont eat?" Catherine, a cafeteria worker at CPS
a friend just recommended your book. Looking forward to reading it.
Justin Bieber blowing out the speakers in the car Lol
I'm confused. Why are acting like cowboys??hahah
are you spinning this Thursday at BB?
Hey Ben, thanks for the follow got some friends in Lexington, great place.
you could also you that was developed here in CLT
Do I need anymore stress in my life? I'm on the urge to just destroy everything here.
Happy Valentines Day!!!
too all m tweeter lets get a move on.. visit and register at www.coalitiontosaveamerica.com see updates on a daily basis. lets get a move on
In movies, when people go underwater, I like to hold my breath and see if I would survive in that situation.
I'll bring the George Foreman grill, and you can bring the chill because you are the coolest B-Rad-izzle!
": The prodigal son story captures perfectly the outrageousness of grace. Who fixes a PROBLEM, with a PARTY? Our God does."
Had a awesome time with the guys today :p can't believe the summer is almost over :(
Hi. I love you. I miss you. Okay Bye. <3
It's ridiculous to wait 2 hours for a doctor appt. Doctors cancel and charge you for being 15 mins late, but you are expected to wait hrs!
hello?! Happy christmas eve Sam!
we decided on the light finest - plz confirm
Dodger Dee Gordon can fly
if you haven't seen Mic Macs you should rent it. Same director as Amelie.
I'm getting mean-mugged by a fan in sec 113 for cheering defense. Welcome to Indiana basketball.
Vita Foods wishes everyone a safe, relaxing and FUN Memorial Day weekend. Don't forget to grill it up this holiday!
Ah! The sexy , is now following me! #happytweet :))))))
If 1st u dnt succeed dust yoself off in try it again.....
thanks for the follow brother Greg!
Hey Chicago! Check out our new mobile deal @ www.Kupoz.com - unlock by sharing on FB or Twitter and get free chocolate cake and a badge!
i loved GOT i haven't read the others yet but i have them for my NOOK.. if you want i can send them to ya..
he's the MVP it still wades team did you see him spazz on coach spoelstra lol?
Finally! I just received my #holidayvoxbox from I can't wait to open it up and check out all the products.
Just saw some jerks drag a trashcan and a bench into the street, and some nice folks cleaning up their mess
"I used to cover everything in class, and students didn't learn anything." Very well said.
your indians are looking good so far you must be proud you think they will win the division
Check my interview tonight at 6pm on ABC Action News!
I enjoyed it :) it was hilarious!
: fine art sponsor - thank you for the helmets!
AutoClam promotion, half-sheet foil stamper and die cutter for roughly the price of a 14x22 - see it at Odyssey in May! #diecut,
Fire alarms are STILL blaring! Maybe we'll meet some hot firemen at the pub?
Last minute flower shopping FTW! cc
I just got the ok from the boss. Want to car pool?
lol miss u too .. i txted u the other day
Awesome! All good fun.
Not really looking forward to starting both sides of the ball this week.
i hope your enjoying JAPAN!!but we miss u in AMERICA!! come back soon JB;)
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME FRIEND IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO HER!!(;
follow me UR amazingly talented and absolutely gorgeous I live you fam. <33 xoxox Follow me
ok so that is weird. I'm assuming the airport is not a great place to eat.
yah, it still says "failed to connect"
indeed. Went with Parmesan mashed new potatoes and fresh sautéed asparagus. Lemon on top. I'll throw up a pic in a sec.
I will see you there or I will see you at a different time.
That was pretty funny. The way he rattled off those names was crazy!
We're bringing back backwards messages so when you hear the next Mill's End single don't be surprised if you have an urge to eat bacon.
You are awesome. Just purchased the album to use next year.
You are right - titles are not protected. Maybe different laws outside of the US? I just think it's ironic... What's Yams/Jams?
Hey ...so me in Raleigh is NOT a good match. I just got called a Nigger Lover... Gotta love the south.
Do you contribute or run your company’s blog? How do you keep your post ideas fresh and current?
Silence is the great teacher and to learn its lessons you must pay attention to it.
that's what I've done in those situations actually...
watching footloose makes me want to learn how to dance....specifically country line dancing
I don't know if I'm helping train the Siri servers or vice versa. But I swear we're communicating better with one another.
You can throw out the records when the Jazz and Hawks get together.
This calm steadiness of the senses is called yoga. Then one should become watchful, becomes yoga comes and go.
Barack Obama It is better to lead from behind and to put others in front, especially when you celebrate victory when nice things occur
You must be in SoCal, too.
Thanks for the RT.
Wow - appreciate the cause marketing tweet, thanks! Hope to see you in Chicago soon my friend!
Madness at Bobby Rockets... MADNESS !!!
"Beliebers And Directioners Are flawless"... Well, obviously...
I'm working on researching a cold case from my hometown since I was a kid. Working elements into my story with a wild twist
im in the middle of two girls, threesome?
How Much Do I Really Mean To You?.
I need a leopard print shoE asap
You have cute feet! Lol
oh & I forgot too tell you , you & zach are the C U T E S T couple <3 .. #YinsAreGettingMarried <3.
x: if the summer will be as hot as the previous one, the most pressing will be rolled up, "Hi, I have an air conditioner"
RT : What's up with ppl congratulating jay & b like they know them meanwhile they don't call there family members when they give birth
surgery for what?
Damn, damn.
come keep me company at bucks and bring food. I'm concerned about your safety at home
Guitarist Felix Rodriguez serenades w songs of Spain & Venezuela. Beautiful last night W
some people will NEVER appreciate shit . ehh your character , not mine ;
Clean your room!
What a moment for scott feldman
He just came to my house.omg
thanks for the invite. Can't make it tonight. Keep me in mind for the next one.
thank you for sharing. i have only recently started receiving royalty checks again too for my books. sigh.
Im so down. Should our costumes be the outfits from the set?
Good morning SE Portland and environs -- the coffee and tea are ready -- Greg hung a really big RC plane from the beams -- looks great!
If we are to look out for one another, then how come the world is full of users. I need something I can hold on to give me something real.
No, it only works one way. Dem Presidents can always blame GOP. GOP Presidents can NEVER blame Dems.
Anybody interested in having a Scrabble tournament? With drinking rules of course.
Sounds mysterious. Best of luck.
aw ok ttyl night sleep well<33
happy birthday!!! :)
Ran 8 miles, worked in yard, grilling steak now... My kind of Sunday.
I wish I had somebody to talk to right now
its sad that I can't even join ur twitcam :( its about 3 am here when you do twitcam :( :')
This project is POOR.
Going to SA Business Journal's "Best in Commercial Real Estate" luncheon today to hear script I wrote for the program. Tnx for invite, SABJ.
Can you take me back where I came from?
snooping only gets your feelings hurt... but it aint snooping when your on my damn timeline wit your bullshit...
“: Devils score with 2:39 left in OT to win 4-3.” // Seriously anti-climactic evening. meh.
Im so excited no fuckin clu3!!
We always strive after what is forbidden, and desire the things refused us. - Ovid
This week <
rte 9 is noisy. I moved out of a "pent house" on rte 9 Framingham for that very reason.
With God's, you can take dominion over sickness, depression, lack, worry, disease, fear and over all that works against you in the earth
What you know about the trap game?
It would be more fun if your peeps were with you ;)
Thanks for the follow!
Yes. RT Anne Geddes is like the William Wegman of babies
I heard that a bunch of people were gay, and a bunch were happy. Or maybe, vice versa. My TL is very long ...
look at the S&F in the context of the PBS doc Slavery by Another Name
great job there! Perfect presentation.
I just want the baddest bitch right here in my lap.
I'm preganant.
nah I'm good
Why do difficult conversations occur at IEP meetings?
And when I say San Diego I mean me
Yes Jordan, did we not discuss this yesterday? U prob forgot bc u were so GROUCHY!!
Does anyone know of an application that can play .RAM files that doesn't crash CONSTANTLY like Real Player?
I want the Caps to win...but remember when you actually had to slash a player to get a slashing call? NHL refs are worthless.
hahahaha. Sorry! How ya feeling terminator?
always have been but just getting the hang of being funny in 140 characters. I'm a bit longwinded most of the time
Lacking motivation 2work out? Find a fitness buddy. Instant accountability.
That's it: I'm committing to an alpha-test deadline for my VST Instrument. It won't be perfect, but it will get tested!
I could imagine:\ Do you have any other sibligs?
I love books to but they take up a lot of room and when you are trying to simplify 1 is simplify than many
Hello, kindrid spirits! Thanks for the follow...I love your blog!
I like baby cat, MEOW!! Wake the fuck up mother fucker, MEOW
Top Freshest Rumors And Facts! If you want to know everything about celebrities!
Congrats to for bein my 300th follower! Now he owe me a cold pop!
Officially jealous...smile :-) RT : Canary Islands, Spain, we have over 350 days of sunshine year, sub-tropical climate :)
Entertainment features include: Children's Museum's "Trash;" Guys & Dolls review; Benny Benassi; Casbah coverbands; new Comedy Club opens..
Vegas bound in a week for SEMA can't come any sooner. Oh and the partying that will be done. It's going down!! <>
True. Twice, actually. FLO is more mainstream, though.
Delicious is down - blast....
Im pretty sure Ted Nugent's song "Cat Scratch Fever" was written about the dangers of transmitting Feline Aids.
(Overheard) "I don't know who's in charge of that brand but if they self-like another one of their posts I'm going to delete their page."
Playing a private event in Decatur
LMAOOOO haha sound like an old man name xD
I'm like putty in ur hands :)
Rain won't keep Whoville from celebrating tonight! Forecast looks clear tonight, but activities will move indoors in case of rain!
RT if you aint have school today!!!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter the first person I followed was
Okay short stuff, whatever you say
Please Gods of RookieMag and Tea, save my Thursday night.
sorry about the April Fools gag... its not the first time we have been inundated with requests to actually do one of them!
anything tat I get to record you playing.
I say he will be at least two hours.
Pre-procedure Captain America is freaking my shit.
Sorry we didn't get to chat on Sunday , hopefully we will have the chance soon.
I'm so hungry
...i think you're going to really really enjoy your summer....
im not looser ! Im peachy:) haha
"Gimme the hot sauce"
I <U+2665> my daughter; I <U+2665> my boyfriend; I <U+2665> my family...some ppl just make me laugh...=)
A blog is personable. An article is informative. Know your audience.
Well, it didn't take two hours (A MIRACLE), but it was INCREDIBLY PAINFUL. Sheesh.
Thanks. Arrived at the conference around 3 p.m. yesterday. Hope you've had a good conference so far.
“: The melting temperature of bubble gum is 125 degrees Fahrenheit.” really?
#ThoughtYouShouldKnow that YOU are fearfully and wonderfully made!
we should be jus lmk the details & ill let u kno
My baby cousin was just on stage with Madonna!!! Proud of you, Jeffrey. Also a little jealous :).
No - but they were all excellent! Come and visit! xoxo C
Say not you know another entirely, till you have divided an inheritance with him
#cr_myers Shaq says play the #raaaaaa defense on Sunday against
6th graders who think their cool but their really not >
awesome weekend relaxing on the cape. now working on a strong start to this week.
#whatdoyoudo when- u find ur one true love hates ur guts!? helpp.?! :(
want to get a tattoo soon but cant figure out which one I want to get. Maybe Ill just go with the smaller ones for now.
I wish I knew someone I could refer you to in NY, but I'm coming up blank. Acupuncture would be a helpful reboot for you.
I get pissed when I'm not asked to become the godfather of a newborn.. even if I barely know them.. I want the title damn it!
Check out Lou because he is Awesome!
Got new glasses! One brown, one purple! Extremely excited!
Be Eco-friendly,use paper bags
Arenado might be brought up sooner than expected!
download the ap from iTunes
Sometime soon! Early April probably!
good! How are you?
You know what goes well with ice cream? More ice cream
fine shuga wuga lol I went back tues and a whole lotta shit changed :(...where r u I seen Ron
Child, I can't make you love me if you don't want to, but I'll be there when you're ready - God
American Idol time with the family !!! Love me my off day.
Thanks for the Bachata before class last night Hector Leon. Always a pleasure. Now you need to teach me..ROTFL
That was J-Lo's areola, right?
Hm...the Pavilion sounds good for a Friday night! 10 for $10 Happy Hour featuring BudLight & Bacardi!
most welcome! Btw why are you up? Lol
Don't worry. Mine is gonna work on getting yours less awkward. He promised me. (; WE WILL BREAK YOUR GUYS' AWKWARDNESS
Question of the day: Would u rather be with someone who pretends to love u or some one who loves u with all there heart??
You put up 180, I put up 225. We're the same weight, yet you say you're stronger?
emailed you yesterday, did you get it?
thought you ran the joint
Derrick Rose now Thierry Henry. Aw lawd, they come in threes. Who's next? Probably... Ooh , time for chicken.
much more relevant than that whole ”sell all your possessions” bit
Just started rehearsals for the latest production I'm in: Shakespeare's "Much Ado About Nothin'" It's so much fun, I'm lovin' it!!!
Its nice to know when people still have love you.when it counts the most
Working on some writing projects today. Which of course means I'm still in my pajamas at 1:30 in the afternoon. :)
Hahaha yeah I know him!
good luck! I hope you don't fall and accidentally break something
Sister comin home? oh sweet(:
I started the book Marge gave me for my summer reading. Best start yours too in case she quizzes us.
not a horse.
I lost focus I was clearly goin after a 6ft sumthin chocolate stallion that was everything I dreamed of but...
Good morning Y'all ! Guess what is holy Thursday I'm having my faith stronger than ever everybody enjoy your day
follow me and upon opening experience great espresso
The blog is going up this weekend -
Mustachioed Bradley Cooper? Say it ain't so, Bradley. Say it ain't so.
To All of our Brass Monkey Family Graduating or Ending their classes for summer break, Congrats! #SchoolsOutForSummer!
Last ever community jam at #starerose on Alberta. 'I want to thank you for lettin' me be myself -- again.'
Check out Milwaukee's Annual Diversity Employment Day Career Fair Friday May 20, 11am-3pm at the Milwaukee County War Memorial Center
Sox lose again and get swept by the orioles! Nice 11-16. Bobby Valentine is the best coach!
Thank You for being the reason why my heart is so broken, thanks for me never trusting a man, even though they could be good to me
Ray Ray I Love You Teehee <3
strong into/hook and solid presentation. Great use of known comparables.
is officially the coolest white girl in existence. Lmao ^_^
yes. I am really excited to move forward!
Hosting business summit for 250+ Students/Entrepreneurs on campus Apr 4. Hav press passes avail. Would u be interested? Thx!
New Gant Garrard #housemusic EP coming in May on It will be available on It's FIRE!! OMS! = On my soul!
Beginning to be alarmed at everything that has to be done before the #AAASMeeting. How did it get so close? Looking forward to it, even so.
RT : Shout out too for giving me a green band aid (:
We want to see ALL of you at Rage For Recovery! Please get there on Saturday!
sweet! mine is salmon :D
dealing with these pest, came back home finally tto a big nasty surprise )-:
Muther. F*****r. Quit turning it over
I know we still have the crew(;
When someone texts you and than doesnt text back <<< its annoying.
MT : & at the ballgame. because this is america.
At Lucky Strikes with the OFA crew.
well done Ollie. How did you pull that off????
Who went to the Atlanta International Auto Show? What was your favorite car?
This time next week we will be gearing up for our first ever show This process actually involves gears. Come out and see us!
Starting another class tomorrow and forgot to buy the text, oops
you're doing the intern program too?
Happy Anniversary, #scriptchat!
pandora is amazing at the moment.
LOL Sara, I was JUST gonna tweet this! (: GREAT MINDS THINK ALIKE (; -Kayla
Moore or the kid from Southern Mizzou. Austin Davis.
How and Why to Use Mobile Marketing to Reach Your BtoB Customers | Network Solutions Small Business Resources - Mozilla Firefox...
omg i have those raisins<3 me nd u eat the same raisins<333333
made me feel bad...skipped the cookies thoughts...eating a piece of watermelon from the fridge. :)
Today we will follow anyone who tweets about us telling people to check us out! :)
Dollars For Junk Cars has been known to be the #1 leading company here in Atlanta, GA for fast, prompt, friendly and dependable company...
Good morning Folk Family! Day 3 here at #FAI12 and we've got a ton of workshops going on through the afternoon!
I just found the rules on how to play true american! Who wants to play!?
I am located right here in Sun Prairie!! Give me a call so I can help you design a beautiful and tasty treat!!
#alamw12 ? For : can I sync my ALA Connect schedule on the alamw app? Would be helpful!
I couldn't stay all day cuz my test is sun. Maybe i come for lunch?
Laugh often, long and loud. Laugh until you gasp for breath.
that's what my little puppy does to lol
Today is the first day of the rest of this mess.
“ “ An idle mind is the devil's workshop..””preacher just taught this last Sunday ...amen
“: What is the cure for post-vacation depression? I need it, asap. #backtothegrind” How's the grind?
.gonna get paid tomorrow [;
so sad concerts wont be held in City Market anymore. :(
I Godda White Girlfriend She Got No Cheeks
I've been great! Are you still having fun in your role?
Congratulations Maria!
Tchani was actually playing out of his mind (relatively) tonight before the great stupidity.
Damn...this is criminal to have this much talent on a college team. AND they play for 1 another.
#ustreamquestion its lil Deliliahs bday she is 2! u met her in Salina! will u sing Hey There Deliliah & tell her happy bday PLEASE?
I know. It's weird. I was force-fed baked potatoes way too much as a kid. They're a waste of space in my stomach.
Make EVERY day a giving of Thanks! #ThanksGiving!
No Steals and Deals today?
Daily GTKY question: Who is your favorite president of all time?
where is that
;) make me one
Music is moonlight in the gloomy night of life. Jean Paul
Recorded a really great show with Muck Sticky tonight! Check him out and tune in for his webcasts! www.mucksticky.com
RT : In pursuit of spicy food outside of my house #DC HELP!
That's that shit I don't Like
gets shout out on Oscar telecast - Miami, pay attention!
Snow Patrol will take the stage at 9pm Bogart's.
RT : Citing Boston Globe as example of responsive web design. People want content with ability to exchange it freely.
I'm not going to follow Eva Longoria until she follows me. Sometimes you just gotta be a man, and put your foot down.
HEY THERE.. THANKS FOR CHATTING!!!
When I see your face, there's not a thing that I would change, except the direction I'm walking in.
Finna Get My Day Started
Couldn't download the last two podcasts to my iPhone. Downloading other podcasts fine
Last day of West Coast Vacation! Heading to NYC tomorrow & ready to hire lots of extras
My phones in 88% already?!? Wtf<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
To clarify. Despite invites, the archaic Academy never ONCE came to see my improv group Orpheus Roy perform. That's why I wasn't nominated.
Back from Utah :)
corned beer? Sounds interesting.
she said you flirt wit too many people.. And you friends wit her ex I guess but thats between us she is feelin you bro
I'll look forward to reading/sharing it. I'm a #socialmedia evangelist at my new #CRE firm, so there is hope!
I think I need to make it down to #sxsw next year.
Haha uve gotta read the book Zitface by Emily Howse. Too funny!!!!!!!
Retweet this, if you retweet this.
uh huh whatever you say :p
Who is ready for a new #FGC song???
t seems to me that Gingr can't get pompous now! How many suffered under Fannie/Freddie?
Same here girl. Twice by my bf and cousin. Hope things get better for ya
Hi, please verify my account. Thank you.
sounds like girls night, plus Duy...again. Lol!
Can you give us a time, direction, location and route or bus number if possible? Thank you.
RT : Do cats see in color? They see mostly in shades of gray with some blue.
A broad stroke but, I think it does apply with Obama. As far Reagan goes, that may be 1 area he didn't tackle, W did though.
Pride is here - we are one of the proud hotel sponsors. Call us @ 296-4852 to book the Pride rate - rate includes shuttling to/from Expo NM.
can it be sent or am i gonna have to stop by soetime
Only two types of Chicks go thru cell phones, insecure chicks & chicks with bad pussy
was in my dreams last night...and let's just say we weren't just sittin around chillin ;)
I got 99 problems, and yes currently you are one of them.
Please call us regarding your order from Sushi Rock. 216-229-1600
Current weather @ WDW 55°F · (°C) Wind: 6 mph N Humidity: 54% HIGH 70 LOW 60 Nice day for a light jacket!
Honestly I'm that guy who would probably take a girl to a baseball or basketball game on a first date because its different
It's open to the public, I'll post the link, don't remember the cost
Tummy pocket.
aight, lemme know if it's sum on mine u think should be different, I accept criticism haha
nah. Scorsese has created a beautiful salute to pioneers of the cinema, as only he can. He makes a cameo...look for him! Beautful
* Diggy Suck Dick
If Penn Field wasn't swallowed whole by Austin traffic daily, it would probably be a nice place to office.
"When Faith lays hold, impossibilities must yield."
Game is at 6:15pm tonight if you can make it? Will be short players next week too, same time! Let me know!
About to go to bed so tired hope I sleep well!!!???
Eventually this century will be the past century, right?
RT : thanx for being so fab U inspired all. I know ure EXHAUSTED! But like u said, we can sleep when we're dead
sunshine, daisies, butter mellow; turn this stupid fat rat yellow! feeling very magical today
Live Your Life
Anybody need a computer? Selling this one fairly cheap, only gets 100 websites.
“: My memory foam bed, rolling rock, McAlisters mac & cheese, and The Office. #GetOnMyLevel” way to make me cry janke...
Randolph/wabash el stop stairwell roof covered in pigeons, claws making weird scraping noises scrabbling for purchase on slanted plastic
river victims? Is this a common occurrence?
Hustel'n n the name of music!Throw me a share! www.reverbnation.com/rufar0 thankz :) lets blues out
Great way to end the weekend besides my screen getting shattered at vinyl lol no place like DENVER(:
her what's up how are u
39 point first quarter for the Spurs against Golden State's D-League team.
“: Rudeness is a weak mans's imitation of strength.” Sounds like Chris Christie.
Do you know you're sending DM spam. Go to your applications, delete the bad one, change PW.
I'm On twitter at school. I'm such a rebel!
Reppin for my fam until I'm dead, man
What happens to a woman&#39;s libido after menopause?
#WhatIFindAttractive YOU!! :D
Tonight I realize you mean alot to me and i don't wanna lose you <U+E106>
(c) that's why people with eating disorders think the way that they do. This really needs to change. (c)
you have a nice rack ;)
I made my dad buy me the 1D cd but i already have it.
This is not happening
your making me smile :)
Thanks for the follows and !
I'll show you tomorrow
Thanks for the follow & the shout out!
I'm so proud of U, and U did R&B and it was amazing. To hear your voice loud and clea WOW.
At a big company the bureaucracy will always exist, but for me the motivation is to help e-commerce entrepreneurs, small firms
I spent a min thinking of *ancient* dead professions for a sort of Roman feel, and came up with "Depilator." Ew.
Automatic Home standby generators starting at $ 99.00 Call now 317.24POWER
Great alumni meet n greet last night #LSU Foundation at #W hotel Chancellor Martin n many #LSUtigers visit L.A.
If Prince William and Kate Middleton ordered their wedding cake from Just Desserts, what kind of cake do you think they would order?
Lakers are making Denver look stupid
I watched both...tonight is much better! Trust
Mother's Day Giveaway! Fill in the blank: My mom deserves a FUMI Bracelet PurseHook because __________.
Students do have a greater access to knowledge. Teachers need to learn how to adapt to this environment.
You've got a time machine, I've got a gun, what the hell - let's kill Hitler.
I know it's expected to hate on Diablo Cody, but I really dug Young Adult.
whats your favorite color mine is purple love somebody to love video :)
Well, if you have to fight off the squirrels for a good meal...
#wheretheboysat is dope!!new favorite song!!
If like the taste of charred smokey burned up wood, instead of finding a burned out house to nibble on drink Scotch from Islay (Ardbeg) yuk
i wanted to go tubing!
#TheSandlot movie is getting tons of play in my house these last few days. Great kids / sports movie
So I think I found my true love.. It seems like we may be together forever lol he's the sweetest guy out there C: I love him So much! ;P
Underground Tonight @ 8:07pm Come and hear Al Martin Bring da word over 1st and 2nd Corinthians!! Wesley Foundation Tonight. Place to be
great seeing you! wish you could have stayed for closing party!
Your rhyme is too funny . (Sorry if there are a few retweets... the buttons did unexpected things.)
I'm tough, but that Jackie Paper leaving Puff business does me in every time.
Hey Ladies.. Just because you slept with 3 different Men this year don't make you a Hoe.... Well Yes it does, nevermind!
haha we can do it together ;)
I can still remember the first time I read the words, "Always try to wear white to the face."
ok if you were pulling for oregon that's fine but we did nothing and that's the disappointment i feel. no energy.
van...e mail for michael bamberger and for you. BTW I'm at 1,433 and counting. I love reading you.
Jon Timmons is in charge of tweets now. :)
Is it just me, or does this day feel longer than usual?
Yeah! I'll take it.
It's gonna be hot...
so wat did you do for ur b-day
Slowest moment of my life I'm ashamed of myself omg.
my pit bull is so afraid of the thunder - why do people think these are ferocious animals?
Eddies day off
I have become slightly obsessed with watching the hashtag #MadeWithPaper. Amazing art being created!
I'm gonna write another chapter to The Way I Loved You!!
i hope your love is as much as Channig Tatum in the vow
The one time I'm starving to death, Subway decides to give me a bowl of cheddar water soup instead of broccoli and cheddar soup, pissssssed
there are
absolutely! Cool that we are all trying something different
Hi mahomies. I know you tweet 24/7. This phone is gonna blow up with mentions & dms(; but keep it up, he like's them(:
Can't wait for FunnelCake, deep-fried butter & ! They're all at this yrs - Win tix at 7:30 w/
#FF Stylist specializing in haircuts, braids, weaves, color, facials & waxing services for men, women & children.
Another overcast day in #LA about 10 hrs from tipoff #Nuggets #lakers #NBA #playoffs with can the #Nuggets steal one?
you can't let go and you can't hold on
All conditioned things are impermanent. Work out your own salvation with diligence....The Buddha's last words.
RT IF YOU JUST UNFOLLOWED A SUPER OBNOXIOUS TWITTER ACCOUNT ASSOCIATED WITH A WEBSITE YOU ALSO WRITE FOR.
I agree on all points. For many people, what's loudest and most visible in appearance=reality, and it's a problem b/c
People expect you to go out your way for them and they still want to treat you like shit.
35W, Crosstown, Lyndale. Closed. Homes, Cub Foods, A pre shook evacuated. Turn on FOX 9 News
UC cyber insurance covers damages and expenses caused by privacy, confidentiality, or security breach URMIA11#
#ThingsIwantTheMost meet again (:
My favorite part of the #Fab5 documentary on ESPN is #DUKE beatin down #Michigan to win the National Championship! HAHA
well nobody can't cause every time lakers lose haters talk every time heat lose lakers talk
Judge the final score
I have a confession and I'm only 25% ready to tell
I've never tried that, but it's probably a very good idea. :)
We have looked good on defense but lack real attacking power. Moreno played in the last game. He is still recovering
Sounds like a beautiful combination!
last night was amazing, yay tonic! Yay daredevil Christopher Wright! Yay Caroline smith! Yay life!
Wow i need to study !!! RT WWDDD?
i asked him about you and he didnt know i was talking about
Late tweet. Smoked Garlic Sausage today!
I hopped on your shxt and they said weezy you healed it
How do you take a prototype to the world? -
Wiederholder: representational power of lament is indisputable; how to judge lamentations that deserve public scrutiny?
i try to be.. lol... but if u come at me stupid... then im not nice no more... lolz... :)
lmao , ion think he here .
Caspers on abc family : )
The reason i dont ask anymore is because im tired of you lying to me not because i forgot!
Hope you had fun in Sin City and are enjoying staying connected with our mifi!!
Twitter is so much better mobile
it seems that everyone is so great and should run for President! Such BS! Linkedin who needs it <U+E416>
RT if you have been watching jersey shore all day like me :D
what are you talking about??
Why, they did absolutely nothing. Their answer to my question was I don't know.
- hahahaha... I kind of like Three Religion. Thought it was beans picked by Buddhist monks, Catholic nuns and Jewish Rabbis...
Best dress so far? Stacy Keebler.
when will the next box be released?
fuck....y my hormones going off the roof its out today or over the weeken we r dooin it
Nfb #SHOUTOUT to my new follower
Kid book: my dad read Animal Farm to me as a boy like it was a fairy tale. Stuck with me...
Brewers are killin' me.
A centerpiece of 1 of the greatest runs in baseball history - 14 straight div titles. Old guard leaving ATL “: Chipper. Respect.”
Haha We'll be too tired to stand in line for Gabi! room service it is
You can find out more about a man by listening to his comversation than by looking at a house he has built. - C. S. Lewis
: Yes, one of the reasons we are opening our place tomorrow!
- Thanks for sharing our great lunch deal!
I just finished a 4.36 mi run with a time of 59:51 with Nike+ GPS.
I just got back from my first-time trip to Vancouver. I LOVE it there.
stay high as a skyscrapper blown loud
Yo mama so fat that when she saw a big yellow bus she said get that TWINKY!!! LOL (:
the minimalist! That's the one.
Happy Mothers Day to all my Mommies out there..may God RICHLY BLESS YOUs. blessings G.
One acre of hemp will produce as much paper as four acres of trees
: I feel the same way every time the COA changes a name of a street... I still refer to Ashby St., Simpson Rd. & Bankhead Hwy.
Aww, thanks! RT IO TRIUMPHE!! Gotta let out a good Oxy alum yell in honor of Occidental's 125th Birthday! :)
Holy fuck, Britney looked so beautiful today I can't deal.
I love my team, Everyone played very well today and we got a great result and also special shout out to I love yal
good game today
Right on! FaceBook is a mess. I got a mental hernia trying to figure out all the new apps.
This certainly made my weekend a lot better! THANK ALL OF YOU!!!
Thanks for letting us help 'stache out your fleet! We had a blast with this project!
The coke bit was an uncorroborated rumor I read on gawker earlier today. Not sure if it's been substantiated or not.
I go n get it then I let her count it for me..
no bottle requirement only $50 table minimum ... Email to reserve!
Don't keep asking me the same shit !
Morning all! Must need a break.. Woke up & thought today was Monday! Lol
I used to be mad that I didnt know how to check people, but I now realize that I'm not the type to analyze another person's flaws.
Honey's leaving tonight for 2 weeks, so I guess you'll be hearing from me more often. Work's tough. Knocking on doors is a crock. Feetbad
congrats Britt! You should definitely take your bridal planning on the road for in Beverly Hills on April 1st.
“: U know its st pattys when ur moms wearing a drinking sleeve & your aunts are all wearing jig dancing hair
Just received Jean Anderson's new cookbook, Falling Off The Bone.
We are thrilled to be planning our first domestic program at the Edgewood school in San Francisco! Stay tuned for ways to help!
How did I only recently learn of Leonard Cohen?!
Telephone - Lady gaga
you got hoodwinked!
Is on point tonight :))
internet has been very slow
Oh, that's no good. I hope you're not feeling too terrible today! Amazing how the idea of the food is always so much better... :(
Jamaals a liar.
So many cute guys in trucks today .. Not complaining one bit.
Been a while for a note from us.. Need to step our game up lol
ight take care of yourself! Keep your head up for me(:
11/18 THURSDAY! Channing and Quinn w/ Glass Clovers, Michael Rider! DOORS @ 7PM! www.thecanalclub.com for tickets
i know i dont stay on here like i do my FB lol
Yes, indeed.
The Sept. 24th gig is at Wolf Trap, if I'm not mistaken, in Vienna Va.! Oct. 2, downtown Fred. Va! www.3sgiants.com! West Va. gig, cancelled
Hahaa thanks buddy.
hey just got my cast off, so im pretty ICONic today. How are you? (:
Nclr: "since when is it suspect to speak another language"
Went & seen #CabinByTheWoods <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
something by the fray, Coldplay... something on the piano
Still pissed I never got to have Christmas cookies. Even though I spend hours making them.
What the FUCK!
I fall way too fast. That's my problem.
Use sparklers instead of candles on your mate's next birthday cake.
now he's a hillbilly
97% of teenagers have consumed alcohol, smoked, or have had sex............ Retweet if you like luchables ;D
low key...that beat was fire bro
yeah he is, he's like the dude in the big lebowski. I'm counting on it.
like crazy. cutest movie ever.
Stop tweet watching so i know its real
lucky you im still in indy tryna make a dollar outta 15 cents smh
hope everything feels better once you are home.
Dallas Hall of State March 22-25. Details going up on our website very soon. If goes well, store is possible at some point
Understand your audience and your brand. You can't have a voice if you don't know who you are
If your a Dexter fan, you just 20000000000000000 points in my book. My Dexter knowledge is point!
Ready to see you boys on the West Coast; #PackerNation will be in full force at Qualcomm!
Perfect use of IGs RT And the LITA/ALCTS Library Code Year Interest Group is officially approved by both ALA divisions!! YAY!!
You can choose to swim in your sorrows or choose to NOT blame the universe and take life by the reins. No matter the bad theres ALWAYS good
can't wait too get home & charge my phone so i can talk to #oomf !
#SongsYouHaveToDanceTo YOU KNOW YOU MAKE ME WANNA SHOUT!
NEW ROality video coming up in about 30 minutes! MAKE SURE you tune in! ATL Make Your Mark!
Thanks so much for the compliment on my work! Appreciate the follow back, too.
Hopefully this works, I need my bestfriend back.
Final week to sign the Calif. Ballot Initiative petition to label GMO FOOD
Another one of my favorites. Hope you like it!
Will you study abroad in North Korea with me ?? I promise I won't duct tape you and leave you somewhere
Stuck listening to a band from fordona ? Where us Fordona ???
Aptiv Solutions Announces the Launch of ADDPLAN® 6.0 PE Adaptive Design &amp; Simulation Software for Population ...
Broadripple visiting family.
u know I been hitting u up on Ur yahoo messenger for a hot minute
Off to the Seattle Bike Expo! come check out the bicycles west booth!
Just a few people away from the magic 2,000 followers benchmark. What happens then? UNLIMITED TWITTER POWERS! (evil laugh)
indeed -- closed out the place, got more bonuses than just 4sq points :)
Forget #girls and #fiftyshadesofgrey -- when is THE NEXT SEASON SHERLOCK HOLMES COMMENCING, ?
yeah inbox me your number real quick
thanks for the RT boss
On the subject of names
I hate sirens, I really do.
Happy Burger Wednesday!!!
#FunnyShit Gay - It's My Designer's Genes!
Watching Water for Elephants. Hope it's good!!
I’d be the last to say that my writing is worthy of accolades of any kind but I feel at my best doing it… I feel free doing it...
Thanks for the shout out! Really like the work you guys do. Happy to meet up too.
Is it just me or does Tweeting act as an unintentionally stress release? Therapy in 140 characters or less ;)
I watched #Freakonomics. The "Can You Bribe A 9th Grader To Succeed!" part saddens me. I remember when it was just about the gold stars.
Thought I couldn't love more than I already did! Guess I was wrong
$BZRT The company feels that the months to come will bring record progress, with building revenues toward a win-win for the company
i will!
Presenting at Missouri Library Assoc conference KCI expo center.
These eyes won't cry
i got a new curler :D hahahah
ugh. I wish I was going
awe, you're so sweet. She will really appreciate all that you're writing for her one day.
Lol it was but u could have came n said Hey or sum..Lol but it cool
My #Imperfections is making me for who I am and what it makes Me.. GM
RT : "Many of life's failures are people who did not realise how close they were to success when they gave up." - Edison
Hate being my familys beer bitch....
then if they included Kanye too, sis daya can knight him with the K-Swag title hahaha lol :)
Congratulations to Josh Hamilton on an incredible 4 HR game
you can't plow 40 acres with your mule until you take the wrecking ball to your investment in a few square feet of padded cell.
Put on my workout clothes then laid in bed. Motivation 0. Hibernation 1.
yo wat it is for tonight
She said she noticed that when I like people I REALLY like them i'm like ikr .. lol
just found out the pool/hottub at the condo we rented in vegas closes at midnight
They film at two bars. Fang and Alex's. We are at Alex's. I think my ear drums are going to explode. & I don't like True Blood.
And now is entertaining the #SILtweetup group by chopping a telephone book into little pieces w/ guillotine
has new and beautiful products at #hdexpo.the summer is here, take advantage and find awesome products at their booth (4436)
I keep it 100! #stopsayingthat when all you do is tell lies
That's that bullshit.
Tomorrow for Free Comic Book Day we'll be having a 25% off almost everything in the store sale along with local artists doing sketches.
next time I'll will go
Has there been a tornado spotted? Tornado warnings r reserved for when real tornados are spotted, a tornado watch is when conditions exist.
Chris Slobogin: Jones concurrences asked about "prolonged tracking." So until the constable would have otherwise gone home to eat?
is that color gonna be released?
We would love to connect with optometrists in Cleveland on Facebook and Twitter. Anyone following recommendations?
We are all living in our paradise,The choices we make are going to make our future.
We are only the 11th site in Franklin County to receive this honor! Go Mansion!
Harry: She is beautiful Zayn: And she has pretty eyes Liam: And a nice smile Niall: And she's sweet Louis: And she's reading this right now
MWP may not score a lot but his defense, size, and presence will change the game.
Country band reminiscent of Bellamy Brothers and easy, Southern sound. I'm hooked! Seriously!
Well I'm here! What are your other two wishes.
": Is "Qualls" Latin for "sucks balls"? #Phillies" Correct
. Just wanted to let you know that the Twitter link is broken on your website. ....and you girl are super fly! Haha
Bosh is out 2-4 weeks. What does this mean for Miami?
did a fantastic job on #Scandal I was hooked the first 10 minutes.
. gives a great example of a clear, easy to understand call to action.
not a bit! : is it wrong that I always cheer for the girl contestant on Jeopardy?
Drinking Coke With A Licorice Straw. Yupp, Swag.
Awesome! Thanks for being our fan ;-)
Wow Mr Belding is on
Blech, imma go to sleep now :p hopefully tomorrows a better day. :/
Thanks! I grabbed this!
girardi 400th win as yankees manager..congrats
O! say can you see! Advocate Patti Meese and the Tremble Clefs are singing the national anthem at tonight's game
hahahaaha did you really?? that night was hysterical! we just rolled with it and ended up having an amazing time haha =)
I agree! ": Lebron needs to sit down with Jordan and have a serious talk!!"
I hate when my family is in a bad mood. I hate it so much.
#YouKnowIHateWhen people grind my gears.
A pleasure seeing you all. Thanks for your hard work.
And the journey continues
dorks just kidding
Both of our teams are playing offensive powerhouses with deep bench. Rooting for LA but it's going to be tough. :(
cool! I'll be at J6, too. I'll keep an eye out for you.
Chad - I sold my Cafe Lautrec back in 2008, still own menu and name :) Franc @ sixeed
Shits scary wen u all about eating the pussy..Makes me wonder,who an how many pussies yo mouth explored...Makes a girl wana check 4 sores...
ops I replied yep. Wrong post I replied to. Which pics were you looking at?
Getting little nervous because off work soon and then to gym for my Y3T leg day
What's the most famous sculpture in the world?
President&#39;s residence served treif meat on Independence Day? | The ...
Believe Tour Will Be Unbelievable
Great Day to Play Fantasy Football Now. It's free and you could win $100 Apple Gift Card. Go to our Facebook page for details.
who would have thunk that there'd be three of you!!!
is such a pussy. Why don't you go AWOL on
Weekend warriors welcome.
Zito hammered by ChiSox. Send Zito to Single-A SJ for the remainder of his contract, or until he fades completely away. GONE
Yeah I'm a little drunk on you ..
And the "strange" food I tried this morning was squirrel meatballs! It was delicious! recipe please sir!
Thanks for the best wishes. I'm 'pumped' as 2012 is the year I take my business, The Self Empowered Investor, to the next level.
about 60% agents, but we cater to them more so than affiliates. If you could be there at 8-8:15a….I'll be sure to have coffee!!
Best ELUNA ever for seeing good friends. You guys rock.
shit let's get a studio sessh going I'm serious af
come on Austin! Lots of amazing mahonies want u to follow me! :D So do I. #birthdaywish Want some cheesecake btw? :)
what u mean behave..lol
This is me being sadistic and thoughtful
Watch Keane boys...
Yes i did. as always :)
Hurray for the end of the day! Loving this Seattle sunshine!
": nd imma bring ma ashy azz elbow around the corner ..lol" ohh in shaking in my angry birds shirt lmao
Tune in April 21st to see the premier of my client's (Kelly Edwards) new show "Tacky House" on Style Network. www.kellyedwardsinc.com
Game of Thrones On Demand. Thanks, Time Warner.
say bro hope your holidays is going great just had a quick inquiry how much do you charge for mixtape/album covers fr and bk
lmao. I am. I star and produce my own private flicks. Ya dig!!! Lol.
C'mon Alex!
I'm really proud to go to UW, but it is embarrassing when other students feel the need to put down other state schools.
Awesome night with some amazing people!
Whirly word is the most addicting game
Blake shelton is kind of a babe
How nice, my neighbor left me as a reference...for his drug dealer
“: My bed and breaking bad all day” yess! Breaking Bad is unreal! Just started season 3
Can someone please ask mother nature what the FUCK SHE'S DOING ?!
haha yes he absolutely was. I'm glad to know I now have an audience!
Hi there. Sorry we haven't. What should we know?
Current mood, annoyed. Lol
Thanks for the mention!
Arrived #tedxhuntsville location-registration next
Omg take a picture with him. I love both of you so much. :')
Random question: Who's your favorite Lord of the Rings character? Mine's always been Aragorn
I'm stretching you. Think you'll come up w/ something even better before the end of the summer.
Thanks, beautiful. And it is no longer unsolicited. Speaking of late: email me about boxing tips.
Dog Killer, Michael Vick, loses again. Made my Sunday :-)
Happy birthday to my babyboy<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend.
Church is like any other big org.To advance your career u must play the game,be a "yes man" and lick plenty of a...
Yes 3 p.m. Thanks
#WhatIWantThisSummer A NICE VACATION
I think a few of us just answered the QOTW a little differently.
I love you! We're so lucky to have you <3
forgot to answer fav. #kayaking spots. I love smallish rivers with little to no boat traffic assebet concord & upper charles
girl where do u work? And how can i become an appreciated employee? Lol
... Electronic trading
Interesting that #Evernote doesn't know how to spell Evernote. Okay, not THAT interesting.
if you put your phone number on twitter, you are just asking to get late night prank calls. or you're lonely. either one.
Aw! That's so cute :D
lord chile I am going blind
WHAT! You haven't :o RT : I've never been to disneyland :o
You Got ya ID fam?
Packs of kool-aid
Dancing at and tending a party tonight. :) stoked!
Why does it matter?
Rosie Palmer is way cooler than that freak! But, since you stayed, I hope you told her you moved on since then, haha!
um laying out...Same thing
bin laden my uncle...lmao
MN Private Job and Internship Fair
YES that's him! That's the cutie pie in the pic!
But how can we retrofit current housing--economically--to utilize tech such as the Science House?
“: TPC... now Accepting applications. Membership limited” the O'My's!!!!!!
Happy May Day =]
lol. Don't do it!
HOMECOMING BLUES JAM! I will playing @ Ziggy's in Denver, CO March 18th! Jam starts @ 7P w/ NO COVER! 4923 West 38th Ave
Just started baseball gonna be awsome!!!!
Shoot I missed it!!! We will have to go another weekend!
Love watching Touch with Keith S.
absolutely, no excuses, they plain got it handed to them, got taken to school in many areas of game, outworked majority of time
It seems appropriate that a collection of Psalms in the radio when I drove back to campus after I heard the news.
Three hours and counting until my show tonight, until my musical lift off
lol "this isn't marika, this us Catie" I was like oofuck this girl knows my life X)
RT testifying before the House Oversight & Govt. Reform Committee on recess appointments at 9:30 a.m. EST.
and the rest of the L's is Laundry because of the LOSS you spilled your LIquor yelling at the Ladies to MOVE lol
busy playing hard and playing hard
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you tell a joke and it's not as funny as it sounded in your head
i need to lose some weight.. gained a few -_-
would love to great what you hear re: social and HR. I think we're "lagging adopters"
'guest' shouldn't have a password, right? hrmph.
Today I draw bees and worms. That is my job.
I used to wonder if my grandparents thought that...
Al my bitches got niggas. Is that a good or a bad thing?
The car dealership model needs to be disrupted...
if morgan freeman goes to jail is he just morgan man
Why do ppl think im in the illuminati lol that shit is just silly .. (hope that fooled them) lol
loving it girl, keep up the good work.. and lets keep in touch!!!
I have a savings account with If I move my checking account from #Chase over, how do you deposit checks or cash into the acct?
When and where will we see the first highway that is reserved for self-driving cars? When will driving be made wholly illegal?
I feel nauseous & I'm tired but can't sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I guess I should get outta my pajamas and get ready for workk... Although I really don't wanna!!!!!
My favorite thing of today will be getting my hair done :D
new school, you kids and you're crazy gadgets
It seems that has decided that u will only be allowed to vote for who they tell u about. I'm running in CD3 stay tuned for info.
I know it's Shaiman and Wittman writing the songs, but I always imagine it's Ahrens and Flaherty.
Thanks to the tweet from I decided I am no longer waiting, I am going to be rescuing a pit bull within the next week.
When I really like something I spread it around. :-)
Indeed! Great spots too with all the big names! RT : YES! Even needs to care about #hearthealth. :)
LOL! RT How cute that couple has matching Bears jerseys. Lame!
I have a bunny for Chinese New Year all ready to go, but I'll send all the bunny lovers to my dear sil.
Big wind storm... from your house to mine!
you should already know this!
i'm playing the blackbird next fri, aug 28. who's in???
WHERE IN THE BUILDING IS THIS???? I'm on my way!!!
Leg day at the gym followed by some cardio to help prevent muscle soreness. Also, a lot of water afterwards to remove toxins!
Per , Asa Jackson, Kelechi Osemele and Christian Thompson became first draft picks to agree to terms with team.
Happy Rainy Monday! Try not to kill a deer today with your bare hands. You need a license for that.
Exciting game. Go #Flyers!
you're on fire
damn, i need to start making trips to PA, lest I dont go there for 5 years too!
Damn fun morning at #sfcm and et all. Morning bloody marts and design? :)
Someone at my school said to get into the Illuminati you had to lick Jay-Z's balls.. HAHAHAHA
we are loving all of the emails we are getting for out Galtime ABQ Guy. Keep Emailing me at
A Tribute to Steel String Guitar Icons... @ Wisconsin Conservatory of Music tonight. That sounds interesting.
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088> is the man to talk to!
Not you
I'm not entirely convinced they tried to move McCoy during draft weekend.
#ShomariStone is a total inspiration!
Let's get this party started!!
enjoyed Earth Fair today after skipping it last year because it changes so little from year to year. Then delicious tacos at Mamá Testa.
Ah, too bad I'm not working this Fri. Ask for Lauren, though - she makes the best Manhattans!
I hate u for making me suffer!
Two sets of #gratefuldead tonite on www.jedluckless.tv at 8pm EST (or so) Join us :)
GO NUGGETS!! RT too much NFL and not enough Nuggets on my TL right now... where yall at???
NAPPING ROOMS! Warm milk, blankies and boring readings. RT : No, no, no, coffee shops, energy drinks. Who needs sleep!?!?
Plus I like to highlight everything & I wonder if I'll absorb things as well by reading them online.
There may be nothing better than mentoring entrepreneurial students.
We have a line of greeting cards for those who transgressed the law to send to their friends & family.
Photo shoot tomorrow finally back at what I love to do !!
RIP MCA of the Beastie Boys!
how much are u selling it for?(:
Thanks somuch to all the Red, Black and Blonde followers. Stayed tuned for awesome news. Screenings coming soon in TX, CA, AZ, and LA!!!
"TELL YA FRIENDS"NO4 ft.DMX,& DANI STEVENSON PRODUCED BY 3X GRAMMY WINNER DEEZLE ON ITUNES NOW..VIDEO ON YOUTUBE
She was top 3 best dressed in my opinion! How do you control yourself around her??
Sup, Kev? Hear you're in town. Missed u @ Starbucks.
So excited for The Rum Diary movie! Been waiting for this moment for years!
Overpriced deal coming soon RT Celtics and Bulls have shown "serious interest" in free agent Josh Howard...Yahoo! Sports
Arlington dog owners: Do you know of any #dogwalking services that you can call last minute, on an as-needed basis?
Lights will guide you home. And ignite your bones. And I will try to fix you. <U+E32D>
Happy I got a quick 3 miler in before ultimate
Hey, . Don't forget to give Katy my note.
EDIT : HER** RT : I can't afford lube I just use my tears
Pool and Tanning <3
Put your hands in the sky, if you're feeling fly and tell me that you what? #FiveFingersToTheFace !
Is that the wine bar/small plates place? I had a friend get food poisoning there. We're going w/SZ so we'll be at Champps.
Denver Zombie Crawl and Victorian Fetish Ball are on the same day... my poor face will not like all the different makeup!
I am at the Internet2 meeting & listening to and engaging in discussions about the role of I2, regional networks, campuses, private sector.
well at least you know there will be plenty of room for food at the new place!
you should get a double bike so you can pick ppl up
Like you have to ask!Bring it.
well yeah but he has a better chance to play somewhere else. It's a win win I guess ha
Holy tired
Out to eat at Red Smoke With Moms , baby sis lil bro and wifey
Shooting on Starr Ave in Columbus...one person shot and detectives on the way
wow thats a great deal for both sides
omgg vinny u should try fried oreos. Just saying. Its amazing:)
35 more minutes until
There aren't nearly enough crutches in the world for all the lame excuses. ~ Marcus Stroup
So im back in La Crosse for my grandparents 60th wedding anniversary. Tonight we're having an impromptu dinner. This should be interesting.
Thanks for a strong day 1 in #FreeAgency, boss.
not bad!
thanks Robert, I always find it hard to find info on this.
Who Should the Indianapolis Colts Take in the Second Round of the 2012 NFL Draft?: Fan Opinion
This is the land of the free,but broke their backs trying to make ends meet...
Because I lost my job Saturday, I cannot even file an unemployment claim in NY. FL rejected it because I hadn't worked in FL in 2011.
I thought #AmericaPieReunion was fabulous! Bring back all of the #90s #music!!!!
also make sure to tell all of your friends and work associates to follow us!
We breed achievers!!!
Yeeeaaahhh!!! (in my voice)
#WeStoppedTalkingBecause you started putting needles in your arms!!!
haha hello my great dad
is proud to announce that no one besides the Players have a clue who is staying or going. Relax and enjoy the title..
Teaching from afar "doesn't cut it" - teaching up close and personal "cuts through the fog".
we luv the ABQ...and its possible they luv us.
Fun event last night. Didn't see you to introduce myself but met a lot of fascinating people.
prediction: Ron Paul will win Iowa.
With the help of one of the most dominant centers ever
Ink, mostly.
each tweet using #beatcancer earns $0.01 for cancer research
I am THRILLED to see the Saints blown up.
My said he'd be up at 8, and it's 9 D:
dnt tweet them >:O
You are stuck on Windows and refuse to expand your realm of knowledge. Linux has it's purpose and it's out there.
Good night and sweet dreams! (not involving cops shooting their own feet)
"Everything you want is to be found on the other side of your fears"
WSJ: #kimsrassel nails Obama's EPA in Potomac Watch. Great oped. ,)
just pooped all over Ole Miss with that dunk,
heey mikey...you should go creep on my follow button ;D
Sorry seniors, disabled people and all you CRIMINALS with traffic violations!
Finished at the coffee shop, headed to the trails now. 23 miles of single track and then Happy Hour at 3.
I just won a music and red wings bet against !!!!!!! Look out your window, I bet you will see pigs flying!
Did you guys win yesterday?
hahahaha! I love that song!
hi! my name is Billy Bob Bob Billy.(:
girls with long boards >
Girl you our favie
Tebow Time from the 1st. Snap today look for the hurry up offense / no huddle & a lot of. Passing.
my first single off my upcoming album comes out in a few days(:
Thanks, Patricia! The 20% off coupon was sent to you by direct message. Click "Home" on your Twitter page, then Direct Message
And, yes, I'm saying I know better than Christopher Nolan.
yeah :D RT thats true lets go:p
and they replace it for free?!
Yeah Definitely!!(:
Did that beer fridge promotion in Kirkland with you and/or Elise happen already?
Woot woot!!! You GO Kids!!! Bowl your butts off!!
you have a soundtrack. Cool
Yeah, especially the classic model is good when you swim.
Watching Rugby. Fiji beat the shiznit outta New Zealand.
Musicians are
Anyone else think of The Wire whenever Jim Hunter says (Marlon) Byrd?
Late 2 work bc a woman's cry 4 help roused us & neighbors in middle of night; she was mugged at her front door. Shes OK bt shaken
you should play Bachelor sometime. Lots of fun.
Bamboozle is tomorrow.
sounds amazing
I wish I was wit my girl right now.
stop tweeting and start playing....jus sayin ;-)
Tami straight slapped the shit out of Meeka's ass
ppl eat ice cream more in the winter sounds pretty good where's mine? lol
I am having HORRIBLE visions of what y'all are planning to do with that rocket.
I hate her ! I wish she would die ! DIE DIE DIE NICOLE !
Someone needs to tell Kelly Osbourne grey hair is not becoming at her age. Nice look, grandma. And SHE'S the fashion police?
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down
If it had not been for the LORD on my side idk where the heck I would be!!
Sorry about the woman problem:(
I just want to graduate already -_-
...i'd rather be at work right now with the kiddies.
RT : #ThingsThatINeed the Yankees to rally hard right about now...<Amen...
it def is<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Where's ?
Krispy Kreme glazed raspberry jelly filled. M donuts....
This weekend shall be fun! Chilling with at the Palms
RT : RT : Create more space in your life! ' 20 things you can live without to reduce clutter:...
Lol! Brb, going to change into fuzzy zip-up pajamas
just hit the stage at The Loft... still time to get down here and check them and out!
Mowing yard naked = Success
but i love ariana grande and victoria justice
pretty much wrapped up the feature track you were talking about!
HM. Everyone in my department seems to be gone.
And theres the first commercial for Euro 2012 and I'm overly giddy for that to start!!!
Bend over , touch ya toes ..
That might work if one could convince that cells it's the right thing.
Thanks for the follow!
Happy Leap Day!
#YOLO jk I'm Kenny from South Park.
Bobby is making me nervous
A man accused of interfering w/ a flight crew & forcing a plane to divert to Logan was in court for arraignment this morning
Wearing my cap and gown cuz I
Some people are already tweeting that "finally we can get our civil liberties back now." Yeah, if life was a 1-hour TV show episode.
Wonderful piece on B.Roy!!
what bitch!!!! U jus confused me
Filled up my dream car with dream gas, got a dream oil change and a dream cash wash, paid with imaginary money.
Kris great interview my friend. I just heard that Mike Ryan has went back there for the next year
We know exercise works, but how do you keep from getting bored? Me? I switch it up...boxing, belly dance, free weights/machines...whatever!
#christmaseve is here. Wishing your family lots of love and good fortune this #Christmas!
RT God is there. Always. RT if you believe (:
TOMORROW FREE TELECLASS WITH for LA Actors at 7:30PM PST. RSVP to . Hurry is space limited!
The #Brewers never cease to amaze me as to how to lose games. Frustrating!
I see you <U+E419> Ing with your <U+E419> Ing ahhhss Nigga
ate at maggie's restaurant. had chicken parmesan. it was good.
THANKS FOR A KILLER SHOW LAST NIGHT UP AND UNDER!ON TO THE STUDIO NEXT WEEK!!!
DOIN SOME SYSTEM PERFORMANCE STUFF ON MY LAPTOP TO BOOST UP THE SPEED A LIL BIT
Hey Brad
getting sick before finals week= NOT OKAY. feels like high school again, except the next week actually affects my future
Great day to watch some #golf !
“: Oh boy this is going to be interesting #sorryimnotsorry I will be sry about nothing as I dance n
Hey niecey glad to see you on twitter.
lol! or acid rain! :)
that sounds delicious!
Lol RT : Whiskey & Cokes I will feel this in the morning
I got Cinco de Mayo and 420 mixed up...oops lol.
gardening with
I hate when guys say fiero in a song like its annoying ahh .
At the strip club. I'm concerned that none of these udders are big enough to feed my future babies.
THANK YOU TO THE 500 AMAZING PEOPLE WHO CAME OUT ON SATURDAY TO SUPPORT THE NEON MUSEUM! we love you.
Thanks for the info on family-friendly places with great food and beer!
So a Unicorn walks into a bar.....
Today there are over 77 million baby boomers, the largest demographic cohort in the U.S. (47-66)
Definitely need the April showers. But the chill outside isn't exactly motivating me to get moving.
We're here!
I had a really nice time! Wil def try it again next year.
Presented a detailed marketing strategy to a client today! They loved it! So excited to grow their business!
According to Twitter is similar to me. Since when did I become Hispanic and emo? :O
Tried givin Bob and Jim a bath. But I ended up gettin the bath!!
AP called it for Barrett?
RT : I am having a blast with the brackets. Fun Stuff! #whtoc Thanks Becky!
“Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.” - Confucious
Soon! When is everyone free?
RT : New beer on tap Southern Tier Choklat Stout _ Never had this on tap but LOOOVEE the beer!
Ur welcome sweetie
it's cool, Bill! Thanks, she's my pride and joy! She completes me in every possible way. :-)
than did appearance orientation or gender role orientation alone; however,
"Worried bout you I might fuck around and miss a $ sign"
No Mistake! There is only one YOU on this planet. Don't waste your time trying to be someone else.
#ItsCrazyHow fools wanna talk shit, but won't say it to your face!!
Pretty cool: 1 in 8 couples married in the US met through social media
Thanks for tasting with us !
literally so beautiful there, you guys will have so much fun.
I NEED MY MONEY
Fair enough. Maybe the reality that people make money even from honoring someone. I guess nothing is completelt altruistic.
I Wanna Be...
me too
Carole did a great intro!
Can I get a triple decker burrito with extra burrito and a side of burrito... Oh and a small diet coke.. ;)
Today, NFL players officially ratify new Collective Bargaining Agreement
Nothing gets the ol'heart a pumping than the yips of Wile E. Coyote this AM. Wonder if he'd like to meet the business end of my Remington?
RT : DM me if you're looking for sr mngr/ director level work in ecom -- I have some opportunities to pass along.
Pi Day: When math, which usually nauseates me, becomes so very tasty. Thanks, and !
Follow They Have Awesome Shirts And Sweaters Love Them So Much :) They Have So Much
All I could think about was how one night I called at 3am and he calmed me down from a nightmare I had :)
Also how can marriage be sacred when we have reality TV shows that end in matrimony?
- let me try Proto on his tablet and it rocks. Super easy to use and create with it.
At least I have a pre-release copy of 's "A Love Better Than Life". Get your copy on Oct 16th.
Looking forward to keynoting the 4-H Western Regional Leaders Forum at Univ. of Wyoming on January 13, 2012.
You ever get the feeling you're being edged out. I feel that way...yup.
Finally NBA playoffs are here. LET'S GO HEAT!!!
Tears came out my eyes on stage Monday night when I played "Blues For Trayvon" at the B-day Blues Jam...that's when you KNOW IT's REAL!
Did you make it in to the museum? Hope you enjoyed the exhibitions!
All the sexy men in LA have girlfriends! I quit!
50% of world's population is under 30 yrs old. Gen Y & Z consider email passe, fastest growing FB audience: over 55 & women. cc'
DineEquity Inks 10-yr Contract With PepsiCo To Be Exclusive Beverage Provider
why nicki minaj so bad though ..
i will be a #mahomie forever <3 i can promise you that
ha I use Benadryl for insomnia sometimes it works too well <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Ditto!RT New iPad on deck
I have to believe its only a matter of time before the #brewers get to Capuano
right here!!
Sunny weather in SF makes me want to karate kick a door down in celebration.
2 bad i cannot drink or smoke. My hoilday break is all fucked up!! I feel like crap-so help me baby Jesus!!!
maybe you should quit submitting your tweets as short stories then.
In Rochester, NY we got
All he had to say was can you leave you been at my house long enough besides have somebody else call me
Please make a Facebook profile picture that makes your body look more muscular than it is. Sad sad sad.
Big game tonight for their fans and supporters tonight on national TV! Go Kings!
When a cute lil baby doesn't stop staring and smiling at you ^.^ <U+2665>
remember when caller ID was a thing?
#WeLoveNiall 's eyes
“RT: : Up next, #BieberonBBCR1. Enjoy!!” my work day just got infinitely better. tune in!
Finally figured it out wow juicy chicken! Kirkland individually wrapped breast + coconut milk + garlic & onion chips 40 mins 350 degrees!!!
Well, feeling rested after a long day of southbound travel. Lets see how this Peruvian adventure unfolds....blogs to come
Had a great time meeting all the ATL fans at the Rumble-look fwd to seeing our new followers in June! (+ at WM next yr!)
Pizza & A Pitcher Night @ RC's ~ Buy a Pitcher - Get a FREE Pizza! Or Get 3 Miller Lite or Hight Life Shorties for $3!
So I have a cold. And a wisdom tooth that needs to be pulled. Going to be a fun week.
Poor dear! So glad you could bring some of the latest literary fashion into her life!
RT : Just what I needed after an eventful couple of days. Drinking a Éphémère Apple (Pomme) by 're such a girlie :)
ha but we need things that wont spoil in a week!
Apparently Las Vegans can't go outside because of the haze? I left my SARS mask at home :(
YES! You just gained 52934637892 cool points. :D
Check out PACCIN's site to get the full session lineup for their upcoming conference on art handling, crating, & collection's care
Grease AND Hairspray are on tonight!
Summer movie preview 2012: Superheroes! Pregnant ladies! And Abraham Lincoln?
In sheer audacity. Once a guy has sex with a she-monster who turns into a he-monster, kills him and (1/2)
I'm gonna name it JP
Had there ever been an NBA game where this is not the case? RT : Terrible officiating in this #Celtics game. Abysmal
One of my coworkers who also happens to read my blog, just sent me what seems to be a fantastic crabcake recipe. Can't wait to try it out.
Kobe is King. Don't criticize the Crown! Only one title matters and that's that O'Brien.
Excited to watch Scream Awards...especially being sick...ugh I hate being sick!
a cookie?! Okay!!
Job Opening ! Entry level Transactional Content Partnership Contractor w/ 2-4yrs client-facing experience; 1yr position. Who's game?
Went walking (:
Who want a innerstate Ike verse ? I got u for the low... Let's work! What up ?
Be the change you want to see in the world and then you will see change.
I loved how the lakers played tonight on the road but still didn't like the refs but we still won #LakerNation #GoLakers #
IM SO FUCKING EXCITED. BITCH, WERE SINGING IT UP ON LINE SUNDAY!
Capitalist (so called) democracies.. Or. Capitalist bourgeois democracies... AD thanks #ows do opening up anti capitalist dialogues.
bbq >>> perfect night tonight
Trudy Cathy White at B lunch, "It's not the duration of your life that is important, but the donation."
“: Chillin. How old r u?”<< we old enough
u better or I'm gone beat dat ahh lol
can't wait!! Been to a lot of games this year and just love going great crowd almost every night
congrats on your emmy nom!! Just announced!
Its 86 degrees outside right now <3
I never tweet anymore :P
#goodcoaching u in for Saturday?
i wish you didn't hate me
"Work with enthusiasm, as though you were working for the Lord rather than for people." - Ephesians 6:7.
why do we have to be socially acceptable at school?
I don't mean to defend #R, but that was a god-awful pitch.
Something wrong?
YES! --> "As we invest in content, we equally invest in #research to understand audience" #chicagobooth conversations
NOW BOOKING APPOINTMENTS FOR HOMECOMING ( makeup, lashes, brows ($10)
my wife and I slept in too. We just laid in bed forever and it was great
I miss you already
Hoping everyone remembers I called an upset by the Pacers mid season #YeahImPetty loo
#wedding #brides getting married? we have a red carpet service and complimentary bottle of champagne with every wedding booking
you're welcome <333 loll
“: what am I, chopped liver?” makes me hungry. Why aren't snacks in the back of the room?
yes! VICTORY IS MINE. AHAHA! lolz!
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.
that sounds pretty fun right bout now
Be the change you want to see in this world ~ Gandhi
Just got the new #APStylebook 2011
: oh the kitties... Those were some fun times. So young. So naieve...
So, you need to get a hold of me, and we need to hang out again, soon. I miss you. Also, I love your background. :D
you have such a natural beautiful mommy instinct <3
Every hero has a theme song, this is ours! Who's rocking out with us tomorrow?
Nice crowd in Greensboro...is it the matinee on a Thursday?
At this #spursgame watching them destroy the Jazz. Duncan still got it!!
Awww :-( RT No more than 27,000 rhinos are left on Earth.
Thanks for the RT!
That is too funny. Some people like a more natural appearance.
What's the hype all about with Mad Men?
Yes it is
Happy Thanksgiving!
Karaoke bar. Denny's. Big Lots. I am definitely in Vegas.
Yes ma'am :D hehe text me -.- haha
A disturbing scene involving a ginger skank birthing a shadow creature reaffirms my "no kids...ever" beliefs...
RIP #WhitneyHouston - we will miss you SO MUCH! What an amazing talent you were!
Learned of Miyazaki in 05 while washing pelagic birds in an oil spill, a colleague explained using Miyazaki to teach ethics to 10-12 yr olds
Behind this polo is a rebel of society
I am in touch with people too. I don't doubt their perception. BUT WE BOTH KNOW WHAT HAMAS IS DOING! TELL THE TRUTH!
i dont have anything better to do lol
I have a lot to do but I might. Any special festivities going down?
Im hungry :{
Hello Gurumustuk, We'd love to help your team. Visit www.CoThrive.com for a web based project/task management solution...thanks!
You're kicking some serious a$$ in St. Petersburg as I'm typing this. You're awesome! haha
I'm pronouncing KALON as Kay-lawn. Also my phone is already autocorrecting it to caps lock
I would rather believe in something & there be nothing. Then believe in nothing & there be something.
If you like bball you should follow
I was spotted on house of payne last night how freakin cool!!!! <3
Free Scotty Rally is a success all roads lead to Pauls.
Oh hail it's hailing
Hey guys - rachel
Wish would show the extended #LOTR films again before the Hobbit is released
Watching The Last Song, gonna cry ): this movie is so sad .
Happy Friday twits!!!
RT : with and their Southern BBQ pizza is still the
At Mo's for the 5 cards studs concert. Nice ! Many people dancing around.
No, Baltimore celebrated like a team that played last nights game with intensity and pride. More so than the Sox.
Favorite quote from #GreatAwakening so far: keep Herod in Christmas.
Start-up incubators' requirement -- be on site. The 1st one to go virtual will tap into world's best minds.
Exactly. RT : Hawk has his confusing phrases, but he leaves it to you to piece it together.
its a party for women who are about to get married. & its not a little kid party. Lol
#paradise 2012 Album of the Year. Your Angels believe in you!
m, food... I mean museums! We love museums. Thanks for the follow--Stay tuned for news from member museums, sites, & orgs
Haha - there was an "incident" when I was 7. I still blame my mom...
Ok I am not joking
Getting more familiar with my African music collection. There's some good stuff in here I didn't know about.
Going to bed now, goodnight fuckers!
we're doing SU earlier, yes?
SAT NIGHT @ THE SMILING MOOSE = $2 MILLER LITE PINTS From 9-11pm! KITCHEN OPEN Till 12am! GET HERE!
Love Workin wit and #Success !!
Impressive if not dominant performance by Jonny Bones tonight. I'll take it.
Novacane, novacane, numb the pain, numb the pain, novacane, novacane, novacane, fuck the pain, fuck the pain, I can't feel the pain.
A pretty face is nothing if you have an ugly heart...
Arizona immigration: Justices seem open to law
By the Power of Greyskull!
Somebody tell dese Celtic fans we ain goin so easy
I want some micros for summer .
Brewed Awakenings book signing with Josh Bernstein Dec17th 1-4pm Free craft Beer and Homebrew!!!don't miss this.
Finally went to Mom and Pops Antiques on Georgia Ave this weekend and came home with a car full of wonderul treasures!!
we've been diggin around the basement for ya, but it looks like we'd end up ordering it
Making Mac & Cheese :D
S/o to everybody watching AND listening to the Cubs game
Goodmorning! Hello May :)
Met w/ teacher of the second-grade class at Emeryville's public elementary school where I'll be teaching poetry-writing again as volunteer!
But they r so young..oh..so so young..I think back..I did the same shit...how can I force them to not desire these things.
karaoke? RT : Just got to NBC, anyone have a secret word I can try to sneak in my segment at 4:12?
I joined Twitter 2 years ago today. My mom joined twitter 4 years ago yesterday. I'm obviously not on my game. I feel shame.
Such a good weekend babe <3
I think u should just bone
I think is disappointed in me:''(
Yeah.... im bout to go to sleep. I think
Wicked Awesome! Thanks “: long read, but deffo one you'll like: The Science of beer: bit.ly/pnxvRs”
Absolutely. First things first!
LOL YOU SILLY
neither does mouthwash. (;
Why is Tim Tebow very famous? It might be because he is very friendly, and down to Earth. He has many followers. He is a nice guy.
ok i need therapy..NETFLIX on one tab. TWITTER on another.....can you say I need help or what? Lol....
Hey there! Welcome! Let's chat live when you have time.
there is a store called "the ripple" in Broad Ripple that carries tons boards, no Landyachtz and Rayne though
Any word on when your official response to the uproar is coming out?
I am sorry what I did was wrong, I dont expect you to forgive me but I am sorry. It won't happen again.
Weird...usually offense only heads South at Wrigley
Lol , im not slow or dumb .. I just have my moments
You ever run around doing lots of stuff to put off doing what you really need to do?
Brim Coffee. #rememberthat?
Lee Butler at Don Chalmers Ford is performance excellence guru! Thanks for sharing your best practices!
Never Give In
u welcome but the one that got me still laughin iz the one bout that lady twerkin on prodigy
I think twitter cut you off. Email me? .
USGA just denied Delofted media credentials because they said we don't cover golf news! How old fashioned can they be!
Brand new day. Too bad the weather isn't following suit.
If you think you know a lot about life your WRONG !
Be careful of what you wish for. OH WAIT 11:11 is BULLSHIT.
Not goin to school tomorrow.
A small group of protestors have already gathered 14th and Broadway in front of Frank Ogawa Square
I need that for Zena...
is either too good or too old to care to tweet u back anymore
Quote of the day: Woman at the airport coughing up a lung. When finished says to me "do u know if there is a smoking room here?"
Why do people say "I'll be there with bells on" but when they show up, they're not wearing bells. Stop overtly lying. Stick to your word.
Hello. Do you remember me? :)
See you there!
For real? was at your restaurant? And didn't pay at all?!?
omfg. i love you Austin Mahone.
People waste way too much of their time caring about something that isn't even worth thinking about, you're too young to have to give a damn
#swag RT : RT : I don't know why men think women filmmakers are idiots. I dot all my I's honey.
can't believe myself. i can eat as much as a dude. and aint shy! about it...
how much hotter could it get here in texas?
": yeah! It was my graduation dinner. I'll show you later!" Aww yay!! & Congratulations on graduating!!
VINCENT WE ARE GONNA GET MARRIED I HAVE A CERTAIN FEELING ABOUT U K?K
He's certainly talking that way.
Good afternoon everyone! School is out for Christmas break which means I can put more focus into my etsy shop =) stay tuned for new art!
You don't know how lovely you aree
Beautiful morning in NY, hoping to take the boy to the waterfront park to play this afternoon
Beautiful day in the neighborhood! #willystreet !!
If this coworker uses the regular coffee pot to make decaf one more time. I'm going to put her silly ass in the sleeper hold!
Vargo? Is that…Welsh?
Why does #F1 continue to kiss HAM's ass?!? Makes watching a race a nauseating experience.
Chi-Town Jazz Festival 2012! The Marquis Hill Quintet LIVE at the Green Mill TONIGHT! 11:30PM start!
- like me back, The Academic Support Link.
I'm in a #romantic #Love #zone today!!!! True Lovers are #warriors for Love
I loved the live #30Rock tonight. So many cameos, so little time. And funny too. Did I mention it was LIVE!?
Fear&Love
So simple, so true
"we got a loose trunk over there" uhm, only hornet races hahahah.
Laszlo Krasznahorkai is easily my favorite living writer.
1999 Red Sox v Mets day game. First and only trip to Fenway. Carl Everett got ejected arguing with ump. It was magical.
Sports Letters to the Editor: Sunday, May 6
Getting close to end of DISPOSABLE LIVES. Then editing. Ugh.
out of commission for a few days, thanks wisdom teeth
Thanks for the amazing vocals!
way to freakn long!!!!
Yo is on the twitters now, you should follow him or you'll regret it forever!
...Chix Mole at Nancy's, Milwaukie. Laura of Taco Loco fame has taken over Nancy's kitchen. ("Best Things We Ate In #PDX Last Week cont.)...
ur a joke, a disgrace to the game you "love" go home
Hopefully its Nothing
Today I got a fruit snack package with no orange
#FF to the hunniest of them all...my babies
I'm in 8th grade too
I'm feeling the Mavs may take this game tonight. Will be one heck of a game though.
...or eat it now, then come back for a refill
It just sucks to feel all alone. .
it's nice to know you guys are dog friendly there.
ugh so tired & not feeling too great =/ work 6-3...anyway, happy friday the 13th. ;)
I need child locks on everything in my kitchen.
Thinking about a photo contest for YILoveNY. Like if you are interested.
Thanks to & for an outstanding political 101 seminar!
Mhmh its sad when black ppl can't get along smdh
Kinya, great idea.
Feverishly cellophane-ing all morning so I can have lunch at The Beat with my fab redheaded barista! Just like the olden days ;)
I'm addicted 2 YOUR LOVE. I'm addicted 2 YOUR FORGIVENESS. I'm addicted 2 YOUR TENDER CARE. I'maddicted 2 YOUR MERCY. I love you Lord. <U+2665>
That would be indeed the case Andrew.
Is it really morning already?
found an anthill on the side of the house the other day...hmm. not much direct sun anywhere so dithering. ;) thx.
Thanks! Glad you like it.
Happy National High Five Day!
its awkward af
that's my mavs!!! u guys Killed it yesterday at roo btw.
I'll be back soon!!! :D
Why is D'Fwan the best character on Queen of Jordan
The nose on this Negrette is so sexy...very floral and berryish. Reminds me of Frappato from Sicily.
I don't know if I can wait that long!
get youcustom seat made in time for Christmas!
Hope Hossa's OK. That said, with Torres still in the game, this is just asking to get Pit/Phi levels of out of hand
it's otey love I'll come over and save you tomorrow after your game
2 thin mints for my lunch today. Great diet plan I think...
BBQ ing this weekend? Pick a bottle or two of BV Spread to compliment your burgers.
Im gunna unfollow your ass if you keep spamming. -.-
I didn't watch!!! D:
ThingsIReallyCantStand People who change because someone else influenced them to.
Awesome! Won't see any tonight--getting set to write until I start to head-nod--but totally toolbar bookmarked it!
Have you ever had the urge to hide , then when someone is coming jump up from your hiding spot and yell...Bozinga? or is that just me
OUR BOYS WON THEIR BRIT!:D INBETWEENERS DANCE GOO!
Thanks for the RT
Too many all nighters make Cyn a dull girl
#CHARLIECLIPSISSHAPEDLIKE the clown from spawn
- lol i love when we have good asz convo's like this we just tawk bout every thing.!!! :)
Check out CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO on ya ANDROID ,,DOWNLOAD TUNE IN RADIO,ARE IN YA CAR ,,Im going on the air ,,,IN ATLANTA
awesome! We hope to see you soon! Have a great holiday weekend!
RT Let your pain trigger your Praise-Great word ! #Oxygen2012!! {loved that one too!
I have been there!
have a super day lovely :)
And finally, I'd REALLY hate to be the Superman reboot right about now.
Great job today!
You & I will always be unfinished business.
Losing by 3 and missing a key player is not as bad as losing by 30 at full strength. No excuses tho..
Still working on that whole Powerball jackpot thing... :-) Hope things are looking up on your end.
Lucky! mine was more like "if(blah){more blah}else{other blah}"
Check out our Facebook page with 10 year old who was made a cop for the day.
I've been so darn bizzzzzyyyy I'll txt ya
where is this video Bro?
": it's a THUNDERSTORM right now lol" It sure is man haha now the Lakers are reaching now lol
And on this Friday Born This Way Ball High School Dance, I got my hair too high that I don't stand a chance.
Look at the rebound by Hobson!
y'all are pretty legit
Theres always that one person who can send u a text and cause u to smile instantly
& the casino & beaches! I've been to both. The guys down there literally threw themselves at me! If I was trying to get laid or
One day in and I am already wishing that blogs would put a G+ button of some kind on their sites. Copy-Switch tabs-Paste Ugh
So far partly cloudy in Everett, but moon clearly visible...for now.
thanks dude!
Whenever I think about the UK time difference I get nostalgic. Haven't been there in 3 years.
Desperado, why don't you come to your senses?
#c2css12 Getting ready to Catch the Crooks!
SUMMER IS IN 10 DAYS. Am I the only one who understands this? I'M GONNA PISS MYSELF!
he really is at the end of june!
fresh price
This time Heidi tweeted keynote of success
I"m half way thru.......its good so far...I already know what happens at the end.....someone told me...
seeking chicago promoters! help spread the word. social media rocks!
really? You sure about that one? Roflmfao!
Nice! Pics? Nothing like miniatures to get me all excited.
If wanna come, mention me lol. DM too
Exactly my sentiments. As good as Kidman is, it's Eckhart that has to let loose that rainbow of emotions.
I guess.
2 weeks of school left, but still tons of work? :( why?
answer the phone hoe!
Working on integrating Twitter, Facebook Fan Page and web site...part photographer, part web master...
According to 2011 Almanac, 4% of college presidents are Latino/a. More than # of out LGBT presidents.
Thanks. Yes, email meRT great presentation! Any chance you can make it publicly available
Today I give you Email::Sender::Sever, eventual email delivery system simplifies your email sending application code
In the studio #winning because
making a SAG movie in Orlando looking for a basketball player for 1 scene anyone interested
Word of the day= whingeing
ok so what u doin? :)
We have half a dozen of new designs coming out of the Left Hand Clothing war room. We are getting into the screen printing business!
We want to wish all of our clients, friends, family and fans a Happy and prosperous New Year!
Giants have Linc, Cain, Bum, Vog and then Zito. Time to trade jonathan sanchez for Manny Banuelos (P) /Garry Sanchez (C) -Yanks.
Arent bus drivers da best! Lol :) i bet too
Hell of a night... sleep than Sunset Sessions @ The W!!
edamame and chocolate cheerios for dinner, the life of a college graduate
people on Twitter saying it was a diving catch. When you're in position to lose to one of the worst teams, that's the chance.
My musical taste hasn't changed that much really hah
Is it time for spring cleaning or is it time for an office expansion?
Family and friends are overrated.
Crunch time has arrived for nuVibrations. VST Instrument alpha in the crosshairs...
oh no u didnt
Another home run. You guys are amazing! We love what you do!
Yes but could put his poboys on Vietnamese bread and it would still be authentic.
only when he's keeping me up, and I imagine me smothering him with a pillow
Those text messages that make you smile >>> :)
nice site design redo! subscribed to your blog ... hoping you are doing super!
Hey Diane. I put my notice in last week. After 15 yrs, my last day in Corp America is next Friday. Going full time w/ by biz
I am a veteran of Desert shield/Desert Storm while stationed in England ('89-'92) I have PTSD due to terrorism my mind.....
Just watched one of our chicks find a worm and then all the other chicks chased the poor thing around the pen, lol!
"It's been a hard days night"
Working with files of immigrant populations leaves me craving food from their homelands. Today's craving: Chinese.
Appears that we are having issues with SportingMembership.com. Working to get the problem resolved ASAP.
Yeah, at that time, feel they don't even know me.
Moving to a new state might be good for me <U+E404>
Happy Monday!
Did me and Echo tweet the same thing, and also good thing you did fighting doesn't solve anything.
Fear is priceless education
What does it mean that I think these chicks on Disney Channel shows my kid watches (Jessie and Good Luck Charlie) are hot? The chicks from
I don't feel wanted ...
Oregon coast bound for the weekend!!!
hope the boys can let Edmonton have it in their house. Have a great flight and a great game on Thur.
hey what's up?
nope. . Strange.
I think you're right.
you don't mess around! :-)
Less than 24 hrs after partying w/ Oscar Robertson, Jim Gray, and Jim Jackson, woke up 2 coffee & beignets on the MS river
I don't look forward to Mondays now Becuz no teen wolf :(
If I wiggle my dick in your mouth, would that be a protein shake?
I actually felt worse for the woman he yelled at in rdu. She was embarrassed...and it wasn't necessary
I'm bored
“They have brought with them a ground-penetrating radar device, as well as two beagles and a ferret, to look for what they say are weapons."
The saddest love is to love someone, to know that they still want you, but the circumstances don't let you have them.
Most people that shoot & kill people are males, & most people that get shot & killed are males. Most females don't commit violent crimes.
where my followers at
join the dark side miss!!!! #TeamIPhone will gladly take you!
Snow rates tonight @ Ramada Hotel (Eubank & I-40) ... call 296-4852 to book your rooms.
I disagree
Great Tempo meeting today! Donna Katen-Bahensky, UW Hospital, gave a great presentation on Health Care reform. Smart woman!
In the studio about to go in
ur gonna laugh but on my way home 2nite I saw a sign that says best wings in town. So I had to stop and try it out. Ya!
April Percona Live MySQL Conference and Expo in Santa Clara Hailed as &quot;Best MySQL Event in Years&quot;
inbox me
put punk hair dye in my hair yesterday, my hair is going to have blue and purple for 1-6 months :D we did hers to haha :)
My alarm company sent me a bill for $100 for fixing a motion detector that they gave me that didn't work. Ha-good luck getting paid!
I just wasn't taught to politely pretend to be nice to people I can't stand
Agree! plays Duke in first-ever NCAA Sweet 16 tnite! -> RT : The President's bracket is looking pretty strong
Practice so we sound good! Come swing by watch a song and get your ticket for our show august 9th at the whisky!
¤ I'd just love to know how they plan to enforce that.
They took her baby!!!
I wish I had someone by my side to be mine. :/
Why do black guys have to be so cute !? Armenian guys <
This is the saxophonist that you retweet! I wrote a track for you and wanted to send it through. is there an email?
Anonymous is something completely different so that just shows me that ur really dumb.
thanks for the shoutout, even if it was via ;)
Thanks! Loved being there!
re #interracial families in ch books: Road to Paris and Dark Sons by Nikki Grimes; Cuba 15 by Nancy Oso
Hello everyone, I reached my follow limit for today. I will get you tomorrow. Love you all!!
. It has in fact been an ambition of mine to surreptitiously place counter-arguments to my writing in the form of footnotes.
Think I will do some songwriting tonight! :)
Ah such a good day ;D
it's for New Hampshire Destination ImagiNation
Petsitting neighbor's hamster. This thing actually runs on that little wheel, I thought that was just an expression.
No you really didn't !
please say that's counting weekends!
Quiet people have the loudest minds.
I mean,translate miguel james. that poem d. put up, even w/ my limited spanish, was fantastic (like "contra la polica" )
Oh Sofia :) THAT'S THE WHOLE POINT !!!!! Thought you would know me well by now :(
Who decided it was cool to drive with their high beams on all the time? Was it in a rap song or something?
he is one hell of an actor
Can't sleep missing my Dad!
stay satisfied; that sounds DELISH.
BEAUTIFUL!! as always!
Going to check out smoke daddy tonight. Who wants to come?
oh my gosh. i would sell my kidney for a bar of chocolate right now.
I love Pizza night
school. chill day. but a certain person just fucks me all up.
:) RT : With about 300 Asians Celebrating the HMONG New Year. Awesomeness
Check Out Bino C Street Single "Eat The Cake Anna Mae" »Press Play« Thanx!!
explains why it's so hard to ride from fells to mt vernon maybe
Heard Huntington Prep WV was not allowed in the NHSI on ESPN - anyone know why?
Want a healthy alternative to soda? Try sparkling water with a splash of grapefruit juice!
Cleaning the house for mothers day and what does my mom do? Bitch
Morning miss ^_^
I get that patience is a virtue, but what are some other, less publicized, virtues? Is there a list I can access?
it's surprising how hard it is to draw with your finger!
Do you have a practice that could use 1 more LIKE on Facebook? Reply with the link and we will do it! :)
Sweet! So you're bringing AG then? ;-)
local nobodies play yall track...
"Goonie-Goo-Goo." (Eddie murphy Voice)
“: Yep. RT : Me: "Who even likes Nickleback? : "-like, the people who vote against Gay marriage. Those types".”
Da nurses think im crazy ncuz i have not left da ho
I should try that!
beach bum with white chocolate
#truth #Mets best team in the world baby lmao
I'm cold!!
If you are looking for a great alternative to Milestone Systems software. Try GV Digital www.gvdigital.com
haha you havent actually worked yet!
why not? You have enough time to train for it.
Moving on to LOTR The Two Towers in blu ray. I doubt I'll finish the trilogy tonight but it won't be for lack of trying.
Can we please stop calling clothing a investment? I don't think y'all know what that word means unless it's "investment in my vanity"
Subtweeting is great, its like a game for everyone by having to guess if it's about them, or guessing who it is actually about.
oh. I KNOW.
I feel trapped. I need to find a way out fast. :/
My god does Andrew Bynum look terrific.
yea, too bad isn't here to enjoy our festivities.. Maybe we'll see her at Miguel's so she can keep her promises...
oh ritas!!!!!!!! Now I want ice! Plzzzzzz follow :)
if your #teamfollowback then that means you #followback (:
Hey! Looks like we've sent out all the checks to you! :-)
Wisconsin vs St Louis 1-0. Let's go crew!
Just implying that all we can tell from SA is what killed them
ROAD WORK: US26 (SUNSET) WB FROM I-405 TO SYLVAN. ROLLING RIGHT LANE CLOSURE FOR DRAIN CLEANING OPERATIONS.
New office has one across the street. I shall partake in this nectar you speak about.
Awesome bro! Lemme know!
showing very nice homes in Bloomingdale and Rolling Meadows today. let me know where you like to buy your next home.
: my dad got on the same shit . RT : FUBU jersey , saucony's and my wranglers .
Neva B Afraid 2 Fail Ryt In Pplez Faces. Failure Bringz Out d Tru Strenf In U Provided U Stay Comited. B'sides, Human Memory Is Short Lived.
By hiding something, u admit it's wrong
great show last night at Mandel Hall. You guys killed! Juju was unbelievable and Better Than was the perfect end.
Inspired by the relations of man and wolf, our Fall/Winter Preview on Feb. 28th promises to be innovative and fashion forward
I luv Spencer's!
Looking forward to MWA-University on Saturday at New Orleans. Last time in NO was to reseach the aquarium for a screenplay I was writing.
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 27
I just read that line last night. Gave me the chills
Cool. Weather is nice summer time :). If you are downtown. Come see me at the Vikings ticket office at the Metrodome.
teacher: have a nice weekend me: dont tell me what to do
After giving it some thought, I'm pretty sure I have a torn MCL. Getting an appt in a timely fashion is impossible, so I'll keep running.
I see you, there! :)
no prob! was curious. Who's giving the talk?
RT : I seriously go to school and do absolutely nothing every day
Since the time difference, it's tomorrow in the UK. :p people were writing it on Tumblr.
Not feeling so well.
Cotton Candy Vodka is the shit, cause everytime you burp it tastes like being molested at the Carnival!
oh my god katie.Really to top it off your gonna get v.i.p Im already jelly.
are you on that wagon?
Kings Island in 8 days!!!!
pretty tasty sound mix too.....
Just watched a segment on CNN about Paws4Vets. What a great foundation.
I'm talking Mitt Romney stages Occupy Saleem"s House protests
Dude I wish I had those! I'm talking about the cheap ones. An ear bud just sank deeper than the Mariana Trench in my ear! Uggh
Does anyone remember the movie "Starstruck" with ? (: I. love. that. movie. <U+2665>
Maybe u need to expand ur TL
Some people may just like because he's cute or down to earth. that's a plus but hey, dudes gotta flashing toothbrush <U+E402>
How To Lose Weight offers a variety of free weight loss tips, techniques and advice
I knw rite
Hours later, I'm on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
tell me you're seeing this and you're just as confused.
Chose to - manvskitchen seemed too on-point and self-conscious now that I am actually in the industry. :P
New web site launched: appliedrelevance.com.
Watching the film #Rubber with
i just said the same thing bruh
i have the greatest friends ever<3 seriously words don't exist for how amazing they are.
"Is this Tow Mater you friend?" "Best friend!" "Then why ask him to be someone different...?"
Come check ya boi and my partner as we host the HOTTEST weekly Happy Hour in the DMV for our #IntermixWednesdays!
"How about we just look!?" Oh My God.
promises to be great fun!
If there isn't at least one musical number by the Muppets tonight, I'll never forgive the
take over #therapy bar tonight (tues) w guests 11pm
nice seeing you :)
sounds awesome. What flavor shell or icing do you use for those??
heard that unemployment insurance line has been delayed for customers today for five hours?
Gym time to put in work!!!
Thank you!
Summer vaca doesn't seem like its real.
This was pre roll up
Yo I'm really killing you in the snap back game now
This a gud ass game
#ghettoHalloweenTreats I used to hate getting apples dipped in King Syrup
Mothers of Modern Rock kicks off tomm. @ 3! We will celebrate the women who have influenced & currently push forward alternative rock.
LovatoIsMyStrength and JonasIsMyStrength if there's a problem well suck it :D
Bipedal Cycling Robot Can Balance, Steer and Correct Itself
White Bedding Sets - Best Resources About Baby Boy Bedding ...
me too
RT DANGEROUS #tornadoes on the GROUND in TN and AL. New Market, AL watch out
A very happy birthday to the ! Thank you for spreading support and love for artists.
Will play. :) Thanks!
There is so much power in just asking a question.
"Well throw out a flag and push me back 10 yards because I'm hoooooooldin."
how long have you and your wife been married?
i love beliebers & directioners, they're both my families & this trend is completing my life. Beliebers And Directioners Are Flawless
pick me up is the bestest
Setting things on fire is the only way to celebrate and/or mourn this decision.
This guy is fucking cool ! Wow <U+270A>
See what our president, Chuck Cady of Cady Reporting Services, Inc. has to about this exciting new agreement with MIVNET!
“: back yes”. Dominate.
Did anyone else see "Brothers" this weekend? Was I the only one not impressed with the movie?
Let us endeavor to live so that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry. ~Mark Twain
i had senior pic today :(
that. is. my. life. i'm such a creeper hahaha
I cld get use to my babes shaved face! W/O the snoring.......
Hi, nothing really, just chilling. Wbu?
Geoff is a softy.
" #thingsinnaterobinsonsbackpack ... all the items needed to ride the pine." Like bunions on your butt cheeks? LoL
when you beat someone baseline, ask them if they gave you a waiver...
thanks for posting!
"Happiness is a choice. You have to choose it- and you have to fight for it." Drew Barry Moore
I have a countdown to my bday idk why.. Im gonna be 23
Portland bound! #NABShow was good, I did learn a bit and had fun meeting folks a shame #vegas kind of ruins it. Back to the Rose City!
haha you bet it was, hey you know I have some cousins in Beckley.
When my dog behaves poorly I blame it on his past at the shelter, and when I have a son I'll do the same thing...
Hope you get some rest this weekend, if possible. :)
Santorum makes me feel so very very tired with his tirades.
Life is a fucking waste of time, time is a fucking waste of life, so get wasted all of the time & have the time of your life.
Ha you obviously dont get my hint.
Aw know its twitter time ......
thank you so much. And thank you for stopping yesterday! We should hang sometime.
- yeowch! Tough crowd today!
Watching The Whole Nine Yards with my lady! Love this movie! EROCK
sweet dreams America
Doing nothin s wat I want to do every day
Nothing's impossible, it's not like we're trying to boil the ocean
We were a winner in the #NYCBigApps contest! Thanks to all our supporters! Be sure to check out our apps!
ya! Can't wait caps tomm!
Use your imagination. Trust me, your lives are not interesting. Don't write them down.
has Shakira, Jay-Z & Will Smith join as investors and had 5.5 million downloads for iPhone over an 11-day period!!!
Where do we sign up?? :) RT : Full of energy, bubbles & smiles today! Who wants a hug? (I'm naturally happy, but 2 cups coffee
#TonyStark should make a #PSA for
i dont really like the beat but i like the lyrics tbh
how have you been?
New Bruno Mars remix coming soon! Any guesses?
-it's my birthday, i'll get high if i want to. can't deny that i want you, but i'll lie if i have to.
Change the world, or be changed by the world. Humble yourself or get humbled. One day at a time.
Merry Christmas!
there was a line of cars!
Oh no.. that's a bad one ! Haha.
word of the day: Epistolary (adj) - concerned with letters; through correspondence
You just made me smile love you..twugs! Xoxo
Went w/ my son on class trip to Zoo at the last minute (his Dad is sick). I'm nervous about missing work today, but having a great time. :)
Buffs get to the line for the first time with 3:27 left. Ridiculous.
Interesting. Didn't do that. Are you Mr. Viddy?
Goodnight, California :)
Dedicating one of my walls to the Alamias<3 the rest are for all 16 boyz<33
I mean this boy said he got a girl pregnant but we really wanna go there .
I sent her the Spinuzzi article & am hauling her butt to Scotty's. Confirmed.
Humans are not meant to be up this early
Good luck on opening day at Petco!!! Proud of you guys!
And so it begins! Dallas International Film Festival 2012
Seems like i got sum new followers! Glad for ya support!
hat controversy shows whre NFL's mis-guided media priorities are. Akin to blackout rule, alienates fans.
I like the new track. You're getting really percussive in your vocal delivery.
What Thanksgiving dish are you looking forward to the most?
such a pleasure your follow xoxo I admire all about you dear!
I don't know why but I always twitch in my sleep and wake up
Shout me out! For more followers
Stayed at cheap hotel last night, one towel per room, asked 4 another towel, was told I'd have 2 upgrade 2 a suite. Wtf!
I just got in and out of Chipotle with my food in 2 minutes. Word up!
I wish I didn't stutter. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Done sir! We're pumped to have ya in the ranks!
Got a freak or two, in my vehicle Got the purple drink, got the yellow drink Then we mix it up, call it Pikachu
I don't think Continuous Release is a thing. At least I don't think it should be.
Looking forward to hearing Ken Burns speak.
heard you're making an appearance tonight!? Hope you're ready to meet ..
No #bigdiss! said we need to hookup! RT : WAIT What? You're in NYC tomorrow?
I am, thank u - back atcha :)
Woo Hoo!! Just got my first residual check for General Hospital! For any of my GH fans following me, watch 3/31 for my "sure" line w/Lisa!!
u better follow me back
If anyone knows a tax-magician, let me know
I'm fuckin with RxM movement
I'm jk but I can't. I have hockey Saturday morning at 10:30!!!
My money is on the Memphis Grizzlies #NBA champion bound...
u kno I only play the classic shit lol
Well I think I had a great night. You know with out the kids lol. Thanks to my hubby for watching them... Love him lots!!!
Sigh. Why do we keep voting to oppress others? Why do we do we deny others these basic civil rights?
TOTALLY AGREE. I love you, Zooey.
Chili Pepper Brew #Festival in #Snowmass CO < it's official & I will be judges again this year!
how can I win a dozen cupcakes?!
what is everyone doing today?!
All the bad shit that happens in my life will only make the story great
Dedicated today to my music!
Pitchers lick their fingers because they taste good...who knew?
Good Morning! Ready to go on 99.1 The Mix until noon and 103.7 KISS FM until 6!
Is watching ur show
hahahah. Better not be messing with my girl Ashlee
Our November newsletter answers the
If you do not go after what you want, you'll never have it.
Aye! You don't even wanna know
RIP to Chicago artist and activist Chris Drew
Movies going in opposite directions: 'Cabin in the Woods' and 'Three Stooges'
Seems like I've had enough wine to forget I look like the koolaid man..not. Instead I spent 10mins stomping around my apt yelling"oh yeah"
There's a scene where Lebouf runs into a fairly famous building around here, and ends up on a roof in Chicago too
Hi! Thanks for reaching out - will check out your site - stay tuned.
You're welcome! ..btw, nice website you've got!
I usually leave mine home depending on the studio.
now has an offical salami from ....yum! We are all smacking our lips. Thanks 4 the #meat education Eric Finley
Also, just had a fabulous duet of "Mujhe Tum Nazar Se" with dad. I don't think we could be any browner.
can you follow me so i can dm you?
I think you can read my mind. I was just about to email you. 2nd time you've done that!
setting up christmas decorations with my grandparents at their house : ) i love the holidays.
well you still look hot as far as concerned
Good night to all the women n men n youth of God have a bless night...jesus loves u n so do i...
You think YES Organic sells shea butter? I don't feel like going far lol
50% off something that tastes like garbage is still too much to pay for something that tastes like garbage, no?
Attending CLI symposium, Telecom Agenda for 2012 and Beyond. Comm. Clyburn just spoke on FCC agenda.
In words and oaths of all men are equal, but their actions show the difference between them.
Got standing-on the parking lot "seats" waiting to hear Rosanne Cash at FW Main Street Fest! Still, GO MAVS!
the euphoria... it always subsides. but i am feeling massively empowered.
This car rental spot tried pulling a swift one one me!!! Nah ah ain't gonna happen their little buddys!!
We turned our focus back to home on the hill. There are new spaces opening to fill the need. and
Remember that He is on your side & He has overcome the world John 16:33 + Isaiah 41:13 + Philippians 4:13 +From Jesus Calling By Sarah Young
ASU has parted ways with AD Lisa Love according to Wow!
IMPACT Fitness Challenge! SFEIFC10 use this code for a special discount :)
Hey! If anyone has tried adding me on Skype, it would help if u told me ur name cuz some of u don't have ur names on ur profile. Lol
Only problem is he never acknowledged his Arab ancestry and chose to remain estranged from his Syrian father :-/
say you?
or do they?
High Quality, Low Price, Same Day NYC Printing 123 does it all on premises, From Business Cards to On-site designing. You need it, NYC...
- have some Irish nachos for me!
"I've read #Silversparrow have #SalvagetheBones on my To-Read list so I'm glad to hear that."_Cool! Tweet #justread every monday
please follow me :) I love you so much.<U+2665>
just made me cry from the truthfulness of it
RT : I know it's gone be a movie ": official party is @ #obsessions tonight"
oh no! i had just this morning decided i wanted to started a tumblr called "man bun" #toolate?
thanks. BeverlyRCornell at gmail dot com! ;-)
Intersting what #ikea has done with their business navigator training. Cut down the original roll out timeline by 24 months
ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass
Just booked another commercial for Hood Milk!!! Shooting on Tuesday...
According to suicide statistics, Monday is the favored day for self-destruction
A good meal soothes the soul as it regenerates the body. From the abundance of it flows a benign benevolence
yes. no phone during game tho
Apparently if you smoke a Newport 100 with a peppermint in your mouth it tastes like a Marlboro Smooth
aksdnaoskdm in 3 minutes my amazing babies are gonna be on my screen for an hour omg they are so perfect and I'm so excited
When I'm on my death bed I want my last words to be " I left one million dollars in the"
Please let my family be okay back home.
hahahahahagahaha I'm getting toasted ??? Wow ... You really think that huh ? Aw I'll let you think that
We gave it a 5/5 ;) We can just agree to disagree. ^BPS
"about 80% of china lives in conditions that compare with the poverty of sub-Saharan Africa" 600 mil subsist on less than $3 a day.
#MyThoughtsDuringSex If she get's pregnant where are we going to live, (Avoid foreclosure now!)
Now that's a funny joke! Made my day!
I love this experiment
To much caffeine :/ I may be awake until next Monday
trying it out for a few weeks it takes some serious getting used to
I've never heard of "frozen fish balls," but the Mainer in me says it's very, very wrong.
Not tired
I miss you more than you miss me & come to Florida to go to the playplace here
I agree although I think half of teams would have taken him first. Does not make it ok but makes it understandable
Would anyone be willing to share with me your relocation program along with the amounts you were offered, internally and externally???
*3AM text message* "Hey are you asleep?" No, I'm hunting zebras. What the fuck do you want?
I'm soo mad steven.
no. I figured it out on my own. Now that the game is almost over. Thanks.
in a way that is good! Once you have one it's hard to go w/out. Very convenient!
Vinny definatley named his floor Mikey just saying.
I got really bad news at the doctors last month.
New Year's resolution: bike Capital City Trail 50 times. 1 down, 49 to go!
Now I'm kind of curious how this cinematic abortion came to be.
who needs friends when you have thousands of waliens right?
OPI Pamplona Purple on my nails + PF Changs takeout, Chocolate Ale, Redbox & sweatpants on the docket. Happy Heart Day.
Alec Guinness plays a Japanese man w/closed eyes and stuffed nose delivery, also L's=R's
they are professional grade.
Phone on red charger nowhere to be found and I still got a headache. Guess its time for a nap :)
wide receiver & kicker CHOKED!!! sending them back on the Greyhound Bus!!
After 7 hours of often heated debate, VA House has concluded our action on the budget. We now await Senate action and continue with judges.
Well? Who can tell, really. Highlight for me was that I got feedback stating my age range as mid-30s. :)
on "lights please" ---
Exactly! And to hear BLAME Obama and w/ sitting there silently... It really was too much.
Thanks for the commercial info Greg. Looks like it's gonna be EPIC!
hello! Looking forward to our meeting. Our artistic director will also be joining. We've been brainstorming. :)
#NF can't wait to work with you again my friend! <U+263A>
i never broke her heart... what?
Going to the emergency room -___-
The only crappy part of The Year of the Dragon looks to be the US presidential election. Meanwhile, I'm breeding a LIBERAL!
Too many damn commercials maan!
Good morning, Austin! We're loving this cooler weather!
Look forward to Sat's bicycle ride from Santa Monica to Encinal Canyon, up and over the hill and return to SM via Kanan Dune and PCH
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 292
thank you to my models that showed, for attending the meeting!
I like it
UGH SO SO SO SO AGGRAVATED RIGHT NOW!
working from my new office, lost my lease on my back office @ Home, LOL
When do you have him?
Great to meet you Hillari! It's really exciting to share with such a dynamic group of leaders!
Where are u? Lol all desperate obsessed! I guess!
Ceaser salads are the bomb!!!
The biggest #americanidol question is not who you are going to vote for but what is Randy wearing??
"Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow." —Ralph Waldo Emerson
found an extra 20 dollars in my room!!!! can this day get any better?
Never let the things you want.. Make you forget the things you already have.
hey how are you?
After three hours of trying on bras at training, I don't ever wanna try one on again >.<
Happy Friday everyone! A week from today is the Final Round at the Hard Rock Cafe in DC. MARK YOUR CALENDERS! Next week 2/24!
Final Follow Friday of the Semester: Graduating Former Senior President
I've been fairly productive today
#SaySomethin love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 37
melanie told me you'll be at my orientation this summer!!
Did you realize B that you're quoting The Carpenters? LOL! RT : "We've only just begun."
alright I will. Hey I gotta go bye see you tomorrow (: love ya
Fast: broken. By a wide margin. Beyond full.
- My birthday is on Friday so I'll be celebrating it the right way!
woof! RT Excited to take & to Pups in the Park game next Sat. benefiting
Swagged out skeleton
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Dec 6th, 10:30am "Brr, it's Cold Outside" A hat for Minerva, Red Boots for Holly and Froggy?
sent off the final master for 'Economic Stimulation' today!
TO THEM. NOW WITH MET LIFE. I SAID ONE OF THE REPS WAS INCOMPETANT AND SHE GOT WIND OF THIS AND IGNORED ME FOR WEEKS, IT TOOK THREE
“: Crazy day. I have been in a car accident, luckily nobody was hurt. Our minivan hit another car with 40-50 KPH (~25 MPH).”
You're right. I give too much.
That's the way. RT : is taking it day by day.
Scared for tomorrow. #wishmeluck #goodnight seriously logging off... Right now... :) bye
Yep “: Just going to say this now Gay marriage will lose Obama all of six votes.”
“: Dear "men" of #NYC, Please stop wearing skinny jeans and stop suffocating your moose knuckles. Sincerely, Goob” I cosign
Chris Brown & Ron English will b at Corey Helford Gallery 8522 Washington Boulevard, Culver City for a VIP art exhibit from 6-8pm May 2nd
Good morning Off to a great start this morning. Business is good.
would anyone be kind enough to lend me their serial number for bookpedia (OSX)?
It does if your goal is to reach new fans.
Lucky! Can you put in a good word for me for next year? I think they need a #science Mom representative!
After last nights show, I'm thinking he needs to start a 90s R&B tribute band called Koys II Men. Or JOdeci.
When curatng a show > than 1 artist, around an idea/thought, is d startin point 4 chosing wrks visual/conceptual?
Going back in the club cuz I never go out
good ol Digger. Want to go to gboro to see the #Irish?
Thanks! I will! Maybe catch you at BlogHer?
The three A's of metrics: actionable, accessible and audit able.
Might be tight, but worth it.
I love your show soo much retweet please
Drowning Pool and car show 8111 meadow leaf Saturday night. 410&Marbach
Dont these people realise that just like #SimonCowell the #pope is infallible ? #xfactor ?
What Organization is participating in the Chili Challenge NABJ is giving away a GREAT gift to the winning Org.
Im slick mad though . Some shit went on that ian even know about
#Irideinside My name is Pepper and when I go visit my Gramma today I will be inside the car!
Have a nice lunch with
im startin to feel all dope
DeLaet&#39;s got his groove back
soon son gotta get my money rite .
I'm beginning to suspect that my coffee table isn't made of coffee. /via
hahaha he scares the shit out of me. Dude is way too ripped for basketball.
Enjoying San Diego sunshine!
Hair pullin in the fight ass bitch
Smooth.Rich.Mellow
NFL HOF nominee Mike Curtis will be signing autographs this week in Las Vegas @ Planet Hollywood Casino & Hotel's Memorabilia Int'l Store
Investing in the early years is the smartest investment in the future #workforce. King Harris @
I think #Jasam deserve a tragedy. #GH Robin dying for Jason is something which shouldn't happen.
Nigga starts licking my booty hole, he getting Kicked in the Face. Nasty fck lmao.
This pizza fire!
I'm busy on twitter and texting lol why you still up
And now I want a glass of tea. Thanks little brother.
LOL that photo on the website--Ryan photobombed Wisconsin.
"Well you might not like it. It's not very punk rock." - My boss describing NCIS
Swamp gas? I assume its sulfer-related. Or am I way out in left field?
Leaving for tour tonight for the next 6 days to shoot a music video for Conditions! I will be posting updates from the road so stay tuned!
for my new song ah
hey, follow back little monster? (:
I have no idea what's up with the #Blackhawks lately, but I like it!
even though he's at Chicago and Douglas is in a dome? Also have Matt Ryan...does the "double dip" change your thought at all?
That's the kicker's wet dream... He almost has as many kicks as Jeff has in completions.............
May 19 is going to be a big test for law enforcement for the City of #Chicago. #NATO? No. #whitesox visit Cubs on a Sat Nite .
: I'm a lawyer & a bookseller and you're absolutely right. It's not an antitrust problem, it's a predatory pricing problem.
The only difference between a rut and a grave... is in their dimensions. --Ellen Glasglow
We convince by our presence. Walt Whitman
I lol at girls that are psycho its like they have the devil in them
bahahahahaha or when they they try to lean on you (refusing to hold on to anything) for support & you move. SPLAT!
With a lot of academic theorizing, I can't decide if all the mind-bending is worth it. We complexify our worlds in order to simplify them.
when is
Ah yeah, is now following me. Life is complete.
And so begins another four months of wondering if attaching my dog to a sled would be a better mode of transportation than the Mystique.
thank you. I'm really looking for an easy way to make infographics with a built in diagram builder.
This week <<<
It's going to be a hot one.
Monday works. What time?
“The difference btw involvement and commitment is like ham and eggs.The chicken is involved; the pig is committed.”Martina Navratilova
very cool. you're welcome ;)
Graduating with the class of 2012
“: Just a couple more weeks and we are done with hs.”:')
Just pulled an 'hey bro what are ya drinkin?"
“: . Rather be Illinois or Texas?” They both are kicking our ass in jobs
Well, time for me to go watch Next Food Network Star with the wife.
If the answer has to be Yes or No, only black or white, and you ignore the shades of gray, you're missing most of the world around you.
At the French-American Cafe Cluny in the Village. Very good but Funky Lil Kitchen does haricot vert & tomato salads better.
Had a great livestream!
<========= This is the nicest guy you will ever meet!
“: congrats but the work isn't done. Keep working hard and bring us another title” thx Coach Williams
Sitting, drinking coffee and reading a great book... :)
when I reactivated my account it wasn't following a lot of people lol
I'm going swimming!!!! Yaya
my twitter background is rlly old....Too lazy to change it D=
This is my 1600th tweet. Never imagined it would include this hashtag
ESPN: "NFL Live presented by Rise of the Planet of the Apes" Huh????
To be here with all the #unions marching together. We will take back the city we built.
Fish frys cod. Bluegill. Perch. Haddock and broiled walleye. Lunch special fried walleye sandwich.
I'm so excited for this year's Gay Pride parade in New York. It's going to be my third year and hopefully I'll be in the parade again. :D
No sleep till Brooklyn. RIP Beastie Boy via
Got it! DM is a nice spot and so is northern cal.
Thx for the RT ! #pdxplan supports education and partnership w/
That's a great nerd grl pict! Glad you are lovin the brew. Many more in the making. Happy MMXII
Chilling with
Striking out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
You are welcome looking forward to your tweets
Best of Bacon #11: Bacon Pear Cobbler
the whole world has that
corn!!!!!! Yes! You should have saw me at Anna's grad party when I thought there was corn.
please follow me ?(: and most inspirational moment was becoming an fan of yours <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> (:
But she hasn't hosted SNL right? oh yea so..... your argument is INVALID
ATTN PHILLY AREA BANDS Dobbs is doing last minute Toy Drive 12/23 free show, toy is admission, 13+ slots Contact:
is 9840 minutes from the start of SoCap08!
After that video I just watched....I'm on my way to buy a fitness ball
Prudent prior planning prevents piss poor performance.
RT : #epic2011 love heinrich's notion of the risk of ethnographer as tour guide, not interpreter
theres no peanut butter?!?!?!
Free Food Coupons
the only proof you're not is that I saw you in a bar.
Jon Wertheim: America&#39;s loss is global tennis&#39; gain with tournament movement
The events of our lives happen in a sequence of time, but in their significance to ourselves, they find their own order.
Feels like Satan farted out here
Dropping your copy of The Wanderer in the mail today!
Next video shoot will be Money On Demand(M.O.D) imma some 5 stars for this one, So far I got 2 all I need is 3 more hit me if you wit it
Absence of Fabian Espindola has been felt up top for Real Salt Lake in Portland. Forward line a bit toothless. But still early.
Mastered new 18-song mixtape CD today. Also, mastered some instrumental tracks for Travis Henson to.
Ack, I have such a headache!!! And one more midterm in 3 hours
Welcome to the frozen tundra!!! Can't wait to cheer you on from the stands
please ask Adrienne about the NBA lockout. How is it affecting her? What's going on with her team- moving or not?
would love to but heading up nordt to paint a room for Mom's Day :) cc:
Everything in me says lay down & take a #nap but #calories must be burned
Switch it, you look really pretty in the new pic :)
REPORT: "#Remediation: #HigherEd's Bridge to Nowhere" #education ttp://bit.ly/aRwf20
Just got out of guitar class <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8>
I miss reading books for fun.
Choose from one of the many Phoenix AZ homes for sale and you will be steps away from a great education
loser ;b
Ahh yeah that sucks. I had 7th period my freshmen & senior year lol
#ThanksToMyEx I'll never love again *blasts Speechless*
Sweet! They say that hair does better if you don't wash it as often.... Wear a shower cap :-)
I WANNA GO TO BOUNTY
Cheers Simon :)
That's beyond stupid...
Thanks! Let's hang soon!
working on a new kitchen now. Do you carry soapstone or black granite??
com offers a family of free online tools that help measure the marketing effectivess of various inbound marketing initiatives
yes- let's get it trending!
home to bed :/
"You put the light in me" #Truth #loveandhappiness still trying to find sponsors for my trip abroad. One month volunteer program!!!
Someone amazing had a BiG day yesterday! 3 cheers for
Fighting words! What do they mean?
Megan Fox - Megan Fox Pregnant - Report
when I specifically asked you not to?
#Helpmeunderstand. The Pope is going to Cuba to 4? Pray for the Cuban people? He could have saved a lot of miles. You can pray from anywhere
why are they censoring the most beautiful woman in the world!!!
If u wanna stay some stuff about me 2 ur freind then go ahead
listening to music and relaxing for the rest of the weekend.
i know this can not go on any longer.
Mos Wanted Crew + The Motto= perfection
bs. i have tons of it. i just have a script i need to fill before it expires. grr
every candidate except Huntsman has been up & down in the polls. have their drops been as impactful as their surges.
Down 7 with 40 seconds left.
yes. a local tea party group blocked me fro. dialouge, cuz I'm hispanic. they admited they wanted whites. shame on them!
um fuck yeah we are. I'm guessing you were in awe as well
hey harold......im in missouri. Mom died last week
I wouldn't be so quick to hate on him, but I was shocked that an NFL team went that far w an obviously under-qualified man.
Funny, sexy, powerful lady!!! Loved you on Modern Family!!!
i hope that has her baby on my birthday!!
to many people listen to gaga and shit...she used GODS name for her choice..which isn't his word in the bible..
I am ashamed for you
Blazers waive Armon Johnson to clear a spot for the signing of Joel Przybilla.
Don't tell happy birthday.
Fun fact: I just learned that word last week.
“You Find Out Who Your Friends Are When You Need Help In Moving To A New Place.”
I'm eatin a taco!! M
There are a lot of followers of tech, especially consumer tech, are they all saying the same thing? Overload.
wow, over 1800 signers-on. petition not to work (publish, review, etc) with Elsevier due to bad policies and RWA support.
i just got used to this lol smh i refuse to download another app
ha! Nudity is the only reason Sarah and I watch ;)
can u add MJ to your set for the rest of the tour in honor?“: is the greatest thing that ever happened to los angeles”
And I think shoop is when you're attracted to the bow legged one?
Automatic updates would dope, I can get with that
I'm ready to get off of work. I need to go to the gym to jog off this frustration.
haha me 2(: it's my favorite subject in school:D
ditto, lots of untapped projects right here in our heads
Thx for the feedback.
Met the legendary Roberta Flack at Saks today! Maybe a future collaboration...?
Love playing the piano at 243am ...
I love how How. I Met Your Mother quoted Galaxy Quest, "never give up, never surrender." Great quote, great movie.
the mandala on the tarot card will paint a vision of your love.
(Continued) if she's dating him. It's her life. let her! So shut up.! It's annoying .
welcome sumtime ill make a professional video and some choreography show my true skills but till then that'll do.
Just got the A-team at least 20 votes. You're welcome
Getting really excited for November! Tons of amazing shows featuring Jeff Pianki, Hit the Lights, AM Taxi, & much more!
was that back when MCW was with Marquette?
RT : Next week’s chat will be on Women’s Health Week – join us Tues May 15 at 3 ET to discuss women’s health & advocacy!
wow fancy garage, ever put a car in that space?
You don't know a thing about me.
You're trying to figure out what's the funniest way to do something
Watching Locked Up Abroad, "Saudi Bootlegger." Got to love the religious police.
40 minute break :)
has joined the discussion on
Is it really surprising? An ideological response to a problem that doesn't exist? Seems pretty standard.
worried about what bro? Yeah fsho I'll tellem:)
need more home games to foot the bill.
Thanks alot for the follow!
Happy St. Patricks Day everyone!!! GOODNIGHT! :)
have you seem the playbook episode yet?
Dad Talked To Me Bout If He Dieing Just Pull The Plug
yeah I'm sure
haha omg tey look like tey r gonna kiss
perhaps they were stock images.
and I made a few peeps cry!!! And u sat against the wall w/ your duffle looking all sad. Hilarious!!!!!!!!!!
We are so happy to present our NEW rebranded product line. Follow us for some special offers.
Haha. Well, used to be a classroom teacher, used to be a small-town reporter. Used to be young. :)
So beautiful girl, your fly to me
Just now getting ready for bed after homework.
*eyes closed* I'd "see" what I could do
:-) they do! But my <3 doesn't play bball!
make a tweet man
Ask me about branding YOUR LAW FIRM
chilllin . I'm down the shore right now but when I get home let's chill . ?!
Aha, I participated in sth similar & had surprisingly good experience. But that was the only formal networking I ever did.
thanks! Will try those!
i dont know how Philly doin it but they doin it well..
#DEDICATEDTO BROKE MEN BUYING DRINKS AT BARS FOR THIRSTY BITCHES..TRICK U STILL NOT GONNA GET IT
I don't miss rippin' those disc's in the system tho....now that is a memory! :)
: We do YA and middle grade. We have a couple possible children's books coming up. They'd be firsts for us.
Why is life a story, when it just don't end happy?
Loving this Florida weather!
cut 3 months ago. Did Netflix and Hulu thru Samsung smart tv and Sony DVD player. Samsung was good. Sony not so good.
Restrictions still in place for big ten schools.
your<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>just<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>jello<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
RT : The right co culture can be a competitive differentiator #iabcseattle via
Thanks for letting me lurk...Liz, Twins fan
I don't see any reason not to drop acid on a Monday night.
That awkward moment when you get stuck behind someone with serious BO
Yeauhp. Let's go shopping 50% discount, hay!
#FunFact- Every continent has a city called Rome
I was going to do some schoolwork tonight then baseball happened.
Yes, completely!
Hello to all my new followers!
It's about having an online marketing strategy that works & produces results, not a twitter acct with 20,000 followers!
Even your heart, He can change it. Give it to Him and see. Your character will change.
hope there'll be a lot more to come.
lol no doubt I got you!!
Cmon on promoters, hit me up! Get ur hustle on I know ur out there lol!!
I always forget that much of the US doesn't work on President's Day.
absolutely! Thanks for the RT!
RT : you have a lawn? Lol /Yes...I live on Long Island....lot's of space here...lot's of lawn!
So ready to go summer clothes shopping.but I have to get my stupid 8th grade dance dress first-_-
Don't you just love having to walk home in the snow and almost falling like 20 billion times? I know I DONT! haha But it was pretty funny
Street Muse Project is doing documentary on E African street music. Would love suggestions for good local scenes Kenya, Ethiopia
Good morning! How go I private message you here?
Great Heart, will be better after I get some liquor in me.
I have some mind blowing deals on New & Used cars here hit me up, bad credit no prob
Is there *ever* going to be an Android version of the Statszone app with the Opta data?
Just got to the arena to prepare for tonights Bucks/Celtics ESPN game, Ray Allen's already warming up.
call me + i will give you the recipe and a reason to live
Find yourself a cup of Tea; the teapot is behind you. Now tell me about hundreds of things. ~Saki
In 1915 Lowell Thomas makes his first trip to Alaska and began graduate work at Princeton University
Happy #Thanksgiving to our Canadian friends!
zero our alert is now up 100% hats off to the editor
Last night was so much fun But I had on buckle shorts ;/ not so good !!
happened to me many times :)
remember the emo Sleeves that your thumbs went thru?
Sidelines get bring around his boys main get bring home to mom
Sadness abounds. No time in the 10 for me tonight. See you guys on June 5th for sure!
Jordan Hill Beastin On The Boards
iight I'll check it when I get back to my room
What 21 year-old grown man needs his Mother to help him get a money order?
most awesome thing I've read all day! I laughed my butt off imagining the song while looking @ the photo! Great stuff!
Truest words yet!! RT : It's not the first three quarters you have to worry about with the Bulls, it's the fourth.
hope DelRosso's Prezi will be available after
Im on some more shit . Fuqq a niqqa money make me cum !
I used to have a motorcycle license, many years ago. When it was a lot simpler. Are you going to commute w it? Be safe.
lmao not a damn thing, gonna need some flyers soon hoe bag
"make dat ass clap" - some black chick in my math class always says that to me
I completely agree! I think the chances they've been given are amazing, but at the end of the day, their health comes first.
i thank all the people that stuck with me all my life and im happy i met some great friends @ Hughes i love my true friends
definitely going 2 watch ;-D
I use tweets 4 advertising our clients services and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it ineffective.
An inspired & lively VIP dinner with other presenters tonight. Great #socent community both near & far!
Yeah. If we're in an alternate universe where "bad" means "good!!!" GOT HIM ()
Lol oh no!
Okay, I had to move the baby. I couldn't stop thinking about the chips and cheese from Pepitos
haha what a joke. Nobody has ever heard of Matt Wieters?
Looks are more important than what's on the inside, if they don't look good then people dont get close enough to know what inside!
Way to jinx it
I love song Let Me Sign by Robert Pattinson
So supposedly the Antique Archeology van was spotted in creighton today. My son is upset he didn't see Frank & Mike.
so tomorrow we can right?
you ever get my dm?
i think you're gonna like it joe-it's really funny:) let me know what you think when it starts back up!
VAT is automatically added, all other tax types need to be included in sub pricing.
thanks for the mention! Make sure to drop by our launch gathering 7:30 tomorrow eve
as the election nears the racist bigots and hate mongers start to show their ugly faces...
...PlayersWeNeedToTrade Nunez, Garcia, possibly Hughes...<Come on...if we trade all who bad...Cano...Tex...ARod...no team..
- yep! It was a great game. I'm just a little apprehensive about Indiana. They played us really well during regular season.
lolol “: RT : I just ran into a guy who says i dont do it myself”
Nice - thanks! I’m getting a sweet deal from & Klout! #BlueflyHookedMeUp!
who says that you don't use real math in the real world?
As of right now, I only respect one person on that team and that's Rondo.
That awkward moment when the cashier is trying to scan your coupons but they don’t work. -_-
You heard here first - Wes is your boy!
Me: Have you seen the matter sexy today? You: What's the matter sexy? Me: Aww, I'm fine, How about you?
New york, what is up with the see-through shirts? 4th one today.
Received your email and replied. Hopefully those suggestions work! :)
Have a new profile pic(:
call the crib in a hour I got you . I'll finish up what you need live
nice asses
just watched Cyberbully...wow..
Just testing the waters, but what if Xtreme Trampolines had T-Shirts? Anyone think that would be cool?
If I setup multiple twitter accounts, then I can argue with myself. One account for each voice in my head.... That's a lot of accounts.
Yes, definitely!
Snookie's Womb
Good morning, Chattanooga. What's for breakfast?
South Carolina?
I'd expect more from Sachin.
HEY CBUS... what's going on outside? They call it sunshine, now picture yourself out playin' in it. www.gokickball.com/columbus
If you have a disco ball dm me ASAP.
I love chris browns song turnt up the music! Its the UK top 40 number 1 !! <3
Big spot for Inge here...
People magazine please! :D
"Great works are performed, not by strength, but by perseverance."
Getting a few copyrights. About to start submitting my new spec scripts.
I am wondering if anyone has visited michaelmoore.com to view "Slacker Uprising."
PLEASE REQUEST :TASHA LAND (GG PAGEANTS) ASA FRIEND FOR MORE INFO REGARDING PAGEANT WARS AND ALL OTHER UPCOMING PAGEANTS!!!
damn i didnt know i could make some good ass beats like this
Dude at Karaoke doing "More than Words." I'm in tears.
Acting today w/ after months of legal drama and winning in court yesterday. Glad to be back on set and have my life back. :)
First in Young writers!! #
thats a good perspective right there...
MimiGooner people subbed off for match fitness don't usually go straight down the tunnel when subbed
- Drake- Headlines.! <3
like july probably!
Main character immunity be damned with this many walkers, good god.
Just saw my 1st McCafe. Nice stuff.
OMG, 100 copies of the same email from Make it stop!
Since Adam Yaych from Beastie Boys has died today from cancel. I'm listening nothing but beastie boys music in remembrance of him today!!
i wanna love somebody!
TIGERS BE TIME? Nope. STILL TIGERS TIME? Nuh-uh. TIME STANDS STILL and TIGERS BE STILL? Yes! There are tickets "remaining"!
me too :) hey #JohnsonandJohnson U all should be sponsoring our Vania King! she is a wonderful person & an Awesome #Tennis player
Me: I'm thirsty.. Mom: Drink some water. Me: I don't want that.. Mom: You not thirsty then.
All blue hair chicks didnt dye their hair they got squeeted on by little smurf people. No wonder why they are such BITCHES!
“Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be”
I'll give some credit, that new commercial with Sir Charles Barkley is pretty damn funny
wanna see one of my drawings? i swear it didin't come from the internet it came from my room and my sisters paper lol
With prayer all things are possible.
Rick thanks so much for your tweet- really appreciate it.
This will be our first "special meal" when we get to Oz. Thanks, for the inspiration.
Hit me up for info on Tonight for & 858-822-9360! Guest List or Bottle Service.
Shoutout to my bro Chris who is in Paris right now, see you when you touchdown in Nap in a couple of weeks
The hubs bought a new motorcycle yesterday. Translation: I am now sick and fucking tired of hearing about motorcycles.
A heart in love hears music even when there is silence. - Tia Pilikian
I want to call the hoarder I used to clean for to see if she still lives in West Hollywood. I'm pretty sure her voicemail is full though.
Fort wayne news: there was a fire blazin on green street -__-
I think I need to get some mood music for when I'm doing #codeyear. Any suggestions?
SOMEONE SHOUlD CALL ME... I'M BORED OUT OF MY MIND!!!!
Check it! is DJ'ng at Maduro w/ tonight. I'm at Merchant & Homewrecker is at Natt Spil. 10pm
Super delicious, but a little stuck up (probably because we came in at 9:45 and they close at 10:30).
Happy New Year! Time to GTD!
You can't maximize the use of anything without proper instructions, why attempt to live this life without the word
First time I get to be home all day to catch up in literally weeks, and I have locked myself out of my UA account. Awesome.
Can't seem to get twitter to work on my new phone SMH!
"...But put that back. That ain't yours." Love it!
When someone says they're fat.But they're skinnier than you are.
I need to contemplate upon the tree of woe.
Thx!! I would love to meet sum1 new. <U+30C4>
hey if you are free meet uprights at moonshine
hey i've heard you're a big fan! thank you ;)
Watched "Zombieland" and "Moon". Z a lot better than reviews, M was best sci-fi in years. must see Moon.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!7
Me too, but seriously, my cat gives me that look when I pet her, feed her, swish her teaser at her, let her lie on my lap...
The future depends on what we do in the present. - Mahatma Gandhi
When life is crappy and hope is lost watch an All Time Low interview they're so inspirational <3
Fifth sphinx moth of the month mysteriously appearing inside the same window, with no way in or out. What gives?
How do u respond to a text that says..."you choose to be single".
“War doesn’t decide who’s right, just who’s left”
Is Being A Bitch!!!!
thanks man. Let's just hope now that they make the practice squad.
Kindness is when you share half your orange after you've peeled it perfectly and you originally wanted to eat the whole thing.
hi, ihave a friend who can really sing but is shy about it what should i do (she's in junior high)
From 5-9 stop in to C.S. to get 2 one-topping slices for only $5. Or if you prefer delivery, get a 2 topping 16" pie for $13 tax not inc.
Looking up the word internet on the internet.
he (Wyeth) has risen. Oh wait, that's Easter.
Skip, are you staying in Denver for the game on Sunday?
what series ?
I'm trying to become more self-sufficient for the downfall of global capitalism. I figure I can trade wire-wrapped rings for food.
picked up some authentic nashville cowboy boots! and now, mani/pedis and mimosas.
when did you become a writer? we'd love to know. write us!
I'ma leave u alone....u gud n da book fam lol!!!
Hope you enjoy your #German Language and Culture day with Have a great time in Karlsruhe in May.
Hey everyone follow my friend she is awesome and fun to talk to anyone who followed her will get a shout out from me :)
That speech that Tom just gave Lynette <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Thank you!
If you are emotionally upset and still manage to put a smile upon your face, That shows a hell a lot about you.
He was playing connect the dots now he's on Angry Birds
The holiday season is right around the corner, call us to book your party today at 617.437.0300!
i told him he was a scorpion woman
My professor just argued that not only is alan greenspan not a republican, he is a democrat...
HI Love your bio!!
Sketch 2 is promising a lot of features CS6 should have come with. I can't wait to get my hands on a copy!
I got you, what's your booking email bro?
what is the scratch #60?
Happy Birthday!
Hold up..... There is a "Card Nation"?? I'm confused. Did the World Series of Poker change its name??
3V3 IS GIVING AWAY A FREE PAIR OF UNIVERSITY OF PORTLAND SOCCER GAME TICKETS TO THE FIRST 25 WHO EMAIL US AT
I'm right there with you re: stress eating.
So messed up, I want you here. In my room, I want you, here. Now we're gonna be face-to-face and I'll lay right down in my favorite place.
Thanks for the mention, hope we get to meet you soon.
Not the biggest B-ball fan but that was a great end to the first half
is the man! Come dance with us tonight!
Clearly, how the hell do you not call that. Did the ball just magically bounce itself 15 feet in the air? Come on.
Happy #nationalhonestyday....I hate you. There. Being honest :-)
I'm in a hospital next to a 95 year old man named Julius that makes no sense when he talks. The following tweets are things he said
everyone wish a happy bday retweet it !!!!!!!!!!!
thats gonna be
The virus was n my Dell laptop. Purchased an extra warranty of course my issue wasn't coverage. I'm sure it will work-out 4 u
Excited to be at the Womens leadership series. Learning bout the "Changing world of media"
ben. change your twitter password. I think your account got hacked. also, don't add random apps to the account either.
Gettin ready for a big sign painting gig this weekend and maybe fit in some skateboarding!Yeeee
We support keys and rate limiting, but if you feel comfortable managing the API part yourself a good fit for you would be
grr when's ur study hall?
Stolen from FB: Final interview as AZRep'er was with #Diamondbacks HenryBlanco. Standup guy, and a great role model and mentor.
DAMN SOME PEOPLE JUST NEED TO SHUT UP...
Oh no good. Yeah it's POURING outside. I hope this lightning stays away from me.
I know it's free pizza and I shouldn't complain, but sonofabitch, just gimme a slice a cheese. Keep it simple.
Thanks it really took some thought ;)
a big web? Cause if that were to happen and I were invited, I would 99.99999999% chance do it Lol
: You're welcome! Best of luck w/the event!
Stream of consciousness: Sit down & free flow around the drums for 5 mins. Create melodies, textures using speed, fills & grooves.
Laziness may appear attractive but work gives satisfaction. -Anne Frank
Crazy that I was up way earlier today/Saturday than I was all week, yet had a crazy productive week :) I could get used to this!
Memberships?? Please contact Head professional Ann Bloomfield or Director of Golf Becky Iverson for more information. 608-244-1822
she would think I've lost my complete mind...lmbo!!!
“: it's more for my Pool. Tommy d and i can win It all out of 350 people of next weekend goes right.
Body is sore from the free workouts at FitLife yesterday but I'm loving it!
only seems fair right?:) cc
Nothing like a little Joan Jett on the way to the boat. Happy Saturday
agreed. If ur not excited about Prometheus, you're letting the terrorists win.
We just now found out that when we pass you in traffic, you're just pretending not to be using your cell phones. You sneaky little dirtbags!
Check out Orpster.com if you love fantasy football...we promise you wont regret it...coming soon my friend. Like us, tell friends
I read that before, I'm just really frustrated.This just feels like a move backward to many of us.
You have to try our 'Poki Delight'. Not only it looks fantastic, but also tastes heavenly.
Have you heard about the Rampture? It's a prequel to the sequel Carmageddon 2. Coming this June to Los Angeles.
My room is like -9262529492616^58875%vp÷×{}°C & that doesn't even exist so you know how fucking cold it is.
there's always the post-work hookerblowpipefest?
Bad bitches only
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: BBQ Ribs and Big Boss BBQ Sandwiches
lemme just say, I love Adam and maroon 5. He could sing dirty nursery rhymes to me ala Jamie, and I'd love it
What a gresat event! Thanks to all we met there. Sorry we missed some of you!
I Hate Those CVS Checkout Machines! Them Shits Never Be Working! Always Says Assistance is On the Way & then someone takes Odee long to come
Who remebers when played Sarah McLaughlin's I Will Remember You on Saturday?
I'm working on getting a group of people to do it.
I feel like such a pedophile for watching high school cheer leading on ESPN2
The only man a girl should ever trust is her daddy.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you catch somebody looking at you, look away, look back...and they're STILL staring! : /
It's practically impossible to look at a penguin and feel angry.
cant wait to see you on the big time summer tour, your very talented. :)
“:Just watched Spiderman on Broadway.was rather enjoyable. I wouldn't mind one of the suits but they're quite tight.bit risky”
Got some supplies for etching. I've worked with ferric chloride, and I'll be working with electricity soon. Probably test it in few days.
#YeahILoveThat my mom turns up the volume whenever is on the radio. C:
I don't think I won... I'll be back to my old job on Monday. Dancing for ones at the Blue Iguana...I mean, sitting at a desk
I appreciate the support
Perry sucks as max RT : Rick Perry will unveil the rest of his economic plan on Tuesday 11am in South Carolina.
Have fun with the experiment tonight! I hope to be able to do a lockdown with you guys from the contest. Take care man
Glad you made it down! Having a good time so far? :)
Hi. Ho hi ho it's off to work I go :-)
oh okay thaanks(:
#TruthIs I just spent about 20 minutes eating a bag of croutons.
how long did you tread? I can't do that!
Never give up.
Beautiful girls
Thank you for the 2nd season of #LostGirl and the 5th season of #Eureka debuting back to back with awesome episodes.
Hahaha I don't hate you
knicks beat the heat and the C's crushed the hawks.. a good day in the
RT : NWCP is out in force tonight protecting trick-or-treaters, and also watching out for mischief and troublemakers. Be safe!
lol okay yep
Uggh, ITC's account was hacked! I wish it were so easy to lose 20 pounds! Thank you to all of our followers who sent me a e-mail!
I think my brain shut off at 4:00. I know the office is closed, BUT MY WORK ISN'T DONE! I need it to come back for just a few minutes!
....After iGet Something To Eat!
#TEAMJUMP OVER EVERYTHING !
When you gonna park in front of the NYT on 40th St? Whole paper would probably shut down if you did. Let's do this!
haha I never got a call last night! True life: freaked out when i ran into you last night #loveyou!
Don't ever take a fence down until you know the reason it was put up. - G. K. Chesterton
Halligan's closing message to HubSpotters? Feel free to snooze away, he says
We do not need socialized medicine. What we need is a responsible generation of people who will follow the Constitution, and act on it....
my Christmas present just came in the mail & the box is huge. it's up to my neck. I already know what it is but I really wanna open it. now.
I feel good! Like sun is shining just for me -Mary J Blige-
Two on, one out... Maybe the #Brewers can at least close the gap a bit.
You clean up really really well. And I had nothing to do with any giant posters theft. I hope together we can crack the code
over Green too who played there a little last year when Weeks was out
I want chicken, I want liver, meow mix, meow mix, please deliver...
Look out for an email from us!
LEARN HOW TO USE A FUCKING ROUNDABOUT YOU PRIUS DRIVING DOUCHEBAG!
seems to think you make a wish at 10:10. Lmao
Hollywood to Hollywood Contest Finals tonight 10:30pm! Call 9549815653, mention "ramon contest" for tix! Winner goes to LA aka Mexico Jr.
i can do skittles u but u aint speak to me today i da only time u goin to speak is wen i got candy
damn your syco!!
On that note, have a good night and sweet erotic dreams. :-)
B-B-B-B-Benny and the Jets! Mine is Your Song and Don't Go Breaking My Heart! <U+E328>
I think it's pronounced "Goodbye Mookie".
I have no "groupies". Can i just double up on the ginger ale?
One more bell.
Goodnight twits
My lame ass bro juss made a twitter lol go follow him
She was just as great LIVE! Her tabata bootcamp kicked my butt!
: Ok, is it weird that I like to look in people's cars while riding the commuter bus? It's so high up, just can't resist!
Check out the #Live pics from our #Latino #Leaders #Networking Event at www.facebook.com/HPNG.pros!
Great Christmas had fun with my family and got some cool presents merry Christmas everyone
#AutoDealersAlbuquerque - When you buy your vehicle at Melloy Dodge, you can be sure of our commitment to quality and customer service!
what platform?
It feels like I haven't tweeted in forever! OMG. #FollowForAFollow?
this is the biggest thing to happen since backpacks with wheels
Declined the x-ray and #almostmissedmyflight because of this! Unsure if it's worth the extra wait. What do you think pat down or x-ray?
Great song!!
Welcome to C-Town
Thought I'd have a easy time finding an Executive Assistant, but it's proving more challenging than I expected. Time for plan B.
some people are more relationship management oriented. they saw that act as a courtesy.
If you know anyone who's been to one of these seminars have them dm me I'm interested in hearing their experience before I fly to Boston
Want a great #summerbeachbody ? #eathealthy and #exercise year round!
North Carolina.
I want pasta
Idk what would make me angrier, someone disrespecting my mom, or someone calling me a fan, probablly that one
Some really fantastic authors are going to be at Wordstock this year! I'm so excited!
<3 i am listening to that right now
You know who I hate? ijever. well I dont even hate him, just when he talks shit about Austin.
there is an 18+ show at juicy Jim's on the highland strip...
Thank you for the RT! Welcome to Twitter!
nick, we love u.
Working in PR requires a critical business mind + an eye for creative ideation + strategy.
What will you accomplish on this upcoming warm, beautiful weekend?
If you like Fantasy Football... you have to follow Listen to them every Sunday on Fox Sports Radio!!!
Graduates love the American Express Giftcards. Purchase them upper level by the food court. Great gifts!!!!
On a positive note, the only team doing well in this entire place is our opponents.
Wen makes your hair super soft and shiny. It smells really good too. It has no harsh chemicals.
Plus, it's so damn catchy :)
sounds like the DJ is on point
oh yeah Flipping Out is on tonight. Guess I'm not going to bed for at least an hour!
this Flyers/Devils reminds me of the Badger Tourney in Milwaukee, Christmas 2001. "I'm blind, I'm deaf, I wanna be a ref!"
Tornadoes: Hope my family is safe in Dallas.
WHO THEY TRY'N 2 FOOL WITH NO KID LEFT BEHIND BUT WE STILL 14TH IN MATH AND 13TH IN SCIENCE OUT OF 15 COUNTRIES...SO WE BASICLLY STILL LAST?
Eva Longoria (July) and Beyonce (Sept) were both on covers. I agree overall, more diversity on mag covers is a must!
The need of the hour is to build the intellect. Start the process by thinking, examining and questioning every moment, every facet of life.
Looking for some crime
Donna Summer Dead -- Disco Legend Dies After Battle with Cancer
Going to go see at radio city!
#Shoutout to Thanks for the #Follow! Have a great day! :-)
thank you :)
RT : . at #TED: We should stand between what we see and we hope for.
I really hope we shut Chane up...
If my boy Rick at FORMA helps you wit your campaign, will you stop asking me about TLR? They right big checks Lon. Re-think this.
MLB network showing Randy Johnsons perfect game in Atlanta
pricing changes often so we don't have a set list, but we're working on making it accessible for the public!
Clearly the Badgers have been inspired by my addition to the media corps. Not sure I'd take those odds, though.
hi there!
I like that.
...that's what she said?
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it. Groucho Marx
What's todays game plan?
I miss
The RepeatReceipt App launches 3 weeks from today! Get ready for
are you part of the wedding or naw?
Not getting my hopes up, but trying to stay positive.
BIG congrats and HUGS!!!
Guess I'll be going to bed early with a good book today (:
naked granola girl sounds more like a folk song but what do I know... ;-)
i wanna cherry - grape limeade slush from sonic
My fish speaks to me.
It was so great!!!! Family and friends are such a blessing and help with stress :) How was your trip?!
& on ABC World News Tonight with Diane Sawyer - 5:30pmCST. Boom!
imm so Glad you are Feeling Better <3 8
presents Trill Forever feat Lil Boosie Greatest Hits Drops next week ! #FreeBoosie Mixtape Cover made by ~> !!!
Yeah, we're out of here! Wait, how much? RT : Just in time for Clemson and FSU to leave for the Big 12, right? Right??
my main twitter is slowly devolving into the pungle twitter, so i'm prepping this twitter for my personal account =]
What's my excuse? RT : 9 out of 10 gynecologists agree, the quality of my tweets is directly related to week of my cycle.
NSF Cyberinfrastructure Task Force on Grand Challenges a “must read”.
i love gay dudes they are so funny and so much fun {RT} if you agree
nice pun. I like it. Right up my alley.
Tierdd guess ill go to bed nightt
FancyFancy Tomorrow Downtown With the Boyfriend<3
Guess where I am?
We will be working on our Summer class schedule over the coming weeks. Our Twitter followers will be the first to know when its online :)
Did he just say this is Allen's 16th NCAA tourny?!?!
Everybody needs money. That's why they call it money.
Kansas City Missouri
it's sad Jango Fett never made it out of the Arena league he coulda been valuable to the
Just an amazing night last night, we will have a few pics up later today from our friends at Phoenix Productions!
When people yell uncontrollably while working out.
no no. Not an IU show
My phone dieing
Thanks for the love!!!!
Happy Mothers Day,Colette! Your videos are so inspiring & I really look up to you! Have a nice mothers day!
ONE WORLD LMFAOooooo
Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings. - Ralph Blum
Ball don't lie....that wasnt no foul
Best scene in eclipse: the meadow scene
What's up follow me bro. It's your boy Akil.
Family just enjoyed tremendously our first visit to Marrakech Cafe in Westport. Outstanding food! We inhaled it. Definitely will return.
There are girls with boobs as big as shopping bags, I wonder how they get through a door...
$.99 fish taco's at Leonardo's in PB. Looks like a hole in the wall, but actually quite tasty
Gas Prices at $4.85?? Suck it.
GIVE ME A SIGN HIT ME BABY ONE MORE TIME.
Prepping for #SXSW. Any "shouldn't miss" recommendations? I'm talking Interactive. Not music.
Frankie's pic is too cute! :D
Busy day of hair Now off to Sunset Park to do hair and makeup for shoot with,busy!
"yeah just a wee bit cold" "hey, I have nuts" Lolololol
Can't wait until this afternoon to do some program planning.
What Is Our World Coming To First Kony Now That Nigga Who Killed Trayvon What's Next..Adults Selling Their Kids For Drug ?
Uggghh....not tired buhh' can't wait to qo to dha movies with my boyfrriend....
shit that's not the new BBQ joint is it
Omgee, Leap Year melts my heart.
Hell no.
Making emails for mobile: stacked instead of column, buttons w/ space around them instead of text links, 640 pixels scales to 320.
absolutely wild to think about.
Nailed the MLS admissions interview. Just need to polish off some paperwork and I'm golden.
I love me some Fast & Furious ": finally watched Fast Five! Two words AWE SOME!"
beginning the day's exploration of San Francisco's music scene
#Sagittarius Do not try to invade their space because they are claustrophobic in nature.
Thank You!!! RT : Added. Good luck. ~smiles~
yeah I wish! Still have finals next week :/
Man, Hosmer needs to get jumpstarted. Even if, *gulp*, that means heading back to Omaha. There, I said it.
loads fine for me
BUT the real question is... Bieber over Nickelback?
"A Copeland Portrait" (Grundman) is a piece you'll hear at our July 10th concert. Win tickets by finding a performance of this piece online.
today has been interesting...
Happy Mother's Day ! <U+2764> I'm tweeting big hugs & kisses to you & the whole family! XOXO
Hard drive throwing errors, last backed up my music in March. Crap. Hope it holds out long enough to get one more backup finished...
And to think, was my first Cinderella.
Lets go celtics!
Its an amazing episode. I work on the finale....Mcphee's performance is breath-taking. " 45min SMASH time
Yikes! At first I thought that said Demi Lovato.
Just discovered my lungs have been talking shit about my pancreas...Not cool, dude. This is how tumors get started.
is a hot ghetto mess
:) Gentle persuasion.
Check out an epic culinary conflict (Venezuela vs. Colombia) outside Conflict Kitchen 11a-2:30p mañana. May the best arepa win.
#ala11 so convinced my cousin in nola to give me her jazzy pass free bus rides 4 me yay!!!
Thankful to conduct business in a truly great city with wonderful people. Chicago!
We can do both of them for you.
Happy Follow Friday everyone
"The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak." ~Hans Hofmann
As for me, I like to be Responsible and Independent and not have to rely on anyone but myself. #MyThoughts. :)
that cute
Wow, sounded like a bomb, turned out it was a drunk driver totaling my car. Chased after her T2 style, but the cops actually caught her.
Getting my windows tinted on my car today
definitely! Will be an extension of his birthday that's the day before :)
now that we are back in full swing... back tweeting!!!!!
He definitely sounds like a character!
RT : Retweet if you're online so I can follow you
hi what would like me to buy you and give to you at the Boston/Connecticut/New York warped date
In 1912, movie writer-director Richard Brooks ("Cat on a Hot Tin Roof"; "Elmer Gantry"; "In Cold Blood") was born in Philadelphia.
No wine today, but swing by for a taste of our February cheese of the month!
I was hoping Nickelback would appear.
Guys, it's far too early in the AM for this nonsense! Go get rdy for wrk, please!
My top 4 comedic influences Will Smith,Martin Lawrence,Chris Tucker,Mike Epps
when in April?
Tonight was fun but scary. Some guys maybe in their 30's tried picking us up O.e We ran all the way back to our friend's house.
Analysis: Critical illness – the pros and cons of partial payments An increasing number of critical illness providers are offering partia
This one
Thanks for including me in today's edition.
yeah, I used to be a self proclaimed coffee addict too. ...until my 30's came around & brought an acidic stomach to boot. :(
Tied game!!
Why did the #Lions draft another WR with the first pick of the 2nd round???? We Need DB help! address that first!!!!
not good. Often means they don't respect (or even recognize) the talent "below" them.
I think I don't have plans anymore tonight.
likes your use of our product!
Acronym?! Eponym! Ten times as awesome as they exclude the uninitiated ten times as well: even expanded, they give no clue.
just the name scarlet makes me aww at joy, scarlet itself its just an amazing name i wouldnt name it because of her hell naw
Doh! Our bad, wrong handle! You can also reach out the CEO who's super helpful.
Don't kill downtown! - Las Vegas Review - Journal
#myideaofhell would be the eternal damnation to stir a vat of mayonnaise in an empty warehouse while Kenny G blares over the loudspeaker.
Worst thing they've put in in years, that stupid block/charge arc. Refs use it as a crutch rather than a tool. It's gotta go.
Good morning everyone, damn is hot outside already!
ymcmb I just finished a 3.33 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Exciting raffle prizes today! Trip to Vegas. Kings and Dodger tickets and more!
damn right im bout it.
Magic is a certified dickrider cuh...
ive had many apply products honestly ill pass i prefer andre but thank you
U shouldnt assume there will be neg reaction to techy innov by staff/customers. Try and see, you WILL be surprised if this s ur thot
#classof2011 getting ready to kick it tonight like its our graduation
how do you think they can improve?
Very, very important information.
- Discussions w/other TAs are way they [TAs] are introduced to technology in their courses.
TEA PARTY CAUCUS. SATURDAY, MARCH 3rd at the ELLICOTT SQUARE BUILDING $10/person Please see details below.
Trying to talk to someone about something serious and they want to flip shit, give half answers and etc,.. Aggravates me
awe yeah :)
I'm focused on nothing but my
Undergraduates that live in LA County! Need an internship?! HDDT is hiring! Email your cover letter/resume to !
Justin will make haters believe
What up oprah
Jessica Wyatt, on the stand in ID trial for her Dad, asked if she 'understands' the proceedings: 'Well I've seen Legally Blonde.."
No. That's what many gurus are preaching. "The more you write, the more you sell."
Today: Know someone who suffers from nosebleeds? We compound a spray that will make it STOP! Call 412-681-6400 or email to
I had one today too!
well seeing as you can't get to england, i will keep calling you james :p
When Life gives you lemons , Go chuck them at haters.
#AskAlexConstancio do you see my tweets?
Yay! RT : Ah day off tomorrow. I'll spend it claying. Yep yep yep. Gotta increase my inventory before in Sept!
my friends John Heart Jackie just made it happen 2 months ago.
I better not wake up cranky tomorrow. --___-
It starts sorta slow but once you get past the shortened first season (due to the writers strike) it's ridiculously good.
a few years. I do it just for fun. :)
Apparently I can't send you back a direct message because you are not following me.... so that makes me sad in my heart
Happy #Valentine's Day to you too!
I seen Dalai Lama today!!! Thank you Taelson L.
For every scary or spartan movie,they use deep voices.
Well its decided I have a new logo well at least starting a new one I now have a bass idea for one -ProtoSkar
Fog is burning off - Ocean Beach here we come!!
There's no future in time travel.
if drinking a whole bottle of vodka is wrong...then i don't want to be right
Where did you come from?
Tonight threads presents Brian Gillespie & Mike Trombley. 7-midnight. Free vinyl party, good times
Crazy last couple of days. But luckily hubby is ok, had a collapsed lung.
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.” <U+2015> Dr. Seuss
Communities are powerful tools, yet require commitment, nourishing and cannot be treated w a beginning and end
S/O to everyone graduating today! Lucky bitches :)
At end of a long day of writing I allow myself to glance at Twitter & find so much lively thinking on museums, educ, media. Thanks!
Typo Chronicle
You suck more!
great event tonight! I feel empowered! Thanks for getting us all together in the same place. Can't wait for next time!
Dear Kristen, i'd be smart of you to log out of twitter after you're done using my computer. Love,
RT Google "do a barrel roll" Go ahead. It's funny
tupac wakes up for a second to check if i'm there, then goes back to sleep, lol :)
"Always listen to your heart because even though it is on the left side it is always right." Unknown; picked up on facebook
launch spotify -> private session - can this be a default?
Damn im mad i cant go 2 prom smh
The book #LeanStartup tells of #Quicken bad product process, then improvement. After 4 yrs sans-Quicken, I'm giving Q2012 a chance
not bad at all. Looking forward to vancouver.
Time to get running for melanoma at the backlot! Hurray for a 5k!
So, who's up for giving this ol' gal a back massage?
my old boss keeps calling me because he wants me to work at the pool again. and i'd love to. but i already have a job.
is vending at Goth Prom TONIGHT (Thursday, May 22nd)
How many "Merry Xmas" Texts did YOU get YESTERDAY?
RT : I want a cute, long relationship where everyone is like "damn, they're still together?" :')
Cong. ,Chairman of Subcommittee on #Railroad, #Pipelines & #Hazardous #Materials and he will be speaking @ the Convention!!
i cannot wait until thiis next month and half go by i really need summer vacation like asap :/
GO SHARKS!
Aw im really not. you're too sweet though:')
All I want in life is to be best friends with 1D..IS IT REALLY TOO MUCH TO FREAKING ASK FOR?!? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
i love you austin ]=
I give up on this stupid ass phone. The keyboard is so messed up.
well I do like toned arms #busted <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
This bowling scene really kicks things into gear
Cool deal today! For Leap Day, we are cleaning JUMPsuits, for free! Bring em in, to EcoClean, 2915 Gualalupe
At work and majorly craving some Starbucks. Oh boy
To the racists, spammers and bots flaming over any Trayvon Martin news: piss off.
So Sorry for your loss.
Yes ! Ms brown my home room teacher !
It's a sweatshirt kind of day.
100% on my physics math. Now I only get half the credit.
I'm sharing my progress using Lose It! on Twitter!
Nope, and I won't. RT : did you pick up Keshawn Martin?
About to be in 36
We have the other one... the only that ONLY covers FOX... I hate it because it has crap movies. MovieLic is more $$ but has more
Our entrepreneurs on CO are impressing #SBA admin Karen Mills. They are thoughtful and inspiring in their stories.
As had been expected, Facebook will debut on the Nasdaq tomorrow morning at a price of $38 per share . What's that mean for you? No
Use Google Adwords and Microsoft AdCenter to promote your website and start attracting customers within the hour..
Yeah 2012 and still TRUTH! Thanks Season Never Ends :)
You have the power to choose, stop blaming others for your situation. ~ Proverbs 13:20 EMPOWER!
Why did i start smoking? Cuz i know you hate it.
"[Ideas & humans have] a symbiotic relationship. Wherever you see the healthiest environments for ideas, humans are usually thriving too."
Sure, give me a call sometime. I'll be visiting the Bing this weekend, so maybe sometime next week?
The highlight for me today was working on "An Unlikely Pair" with Rosena Hill and Bryan Welnicki. A nice addition for this production!
Absolutely! RT : ...Hint: Real Neighborhood Watch volunteers are trained NOT to run after people, guns ablazin'.
I feel so privileged! :) love you Moo!
I'm home and I did everything I was supposed to do today. Now I'm going home to spend time with Jake and Ang so I can recharge and relax
Start your day off right with a mimosa, a tall Bloody Mary and a delicious brunch buffet. Red Sky is at 16 North St Boston (Faneuil hall)
Can I submit multiple entries? 100 words isn't enough..
body is suddenly sending pain and soreness signals from last nights' three hour dancing marathon :-/
Can't sleep...
I love #TheWanted! I think they are all cute!
Ra! :) RT : Nearly screamed out--AMEN! “: Women need to lift as we climb, great point by #mom2summit”
Houston We Have A Problem.
is consistently amazed at the kindness of others - great way to start a day.
mr. jaswal walking down hallway brandishing a huge pair of bolt cutters. time for some breaking and entering?
no comment!
Went swimming with the boys&other kids. Lol day well spent with the
You're over it, so everything is okay.
Short-sleeve warmup jackets are the new Spanjans
you did? where?!
Americas team - start following
Did you stop over? I never run into you!
u should make an attempt to follow the ones that follow u. Before the request to follow others
my window's open and I see my dog jumping on the table outside, and all I see is her falling. LOL
you should have on Ridiculousness!
"fat girls love ankle tats". -Boortz thats my line of the day! Lol
Hes just like the weirdest dude ever on skates. No idea what he is trying to do sometimes. The hair is like back to the future
School makes me so tired
How do i get in trouble for wearing leggings but all the girls who expose their ass whenever they bend over don't?
want to write a rebuttal or response to Slate on this? :)
where is Gail Collins????!?!
sadly no! no invites for us. :(
: I'll be happy to help. I cant stand ppl lyk that. The same thing happened to my bff whos lyk my sister Hes in the hospital
Welp time to study for exams. Which are 25% of the semester grade. DGHAFIUODGHERJKGHERWIOAGH REALLY.
<U+FFFD>A friendship founded on business is a good deal better than a business founded on friendship.<U+FFFD> John D. Rockefeller
She said to read Burke impressionistically.
At James hunter birthday party
So that's what you call it.
": Russell Westbrook loves him some Russell Westbrook."Yes he does, but he hates to pass the ball!
u have to cutest accent ever! And i like ur musician talent! Any other instruments uk how to play?
DC & : "Pondexter & Brackins are OUR bitches now."
sounds like a great workout.
i love u sis ;-) ALL BETTER
camera adds ten lbs tho lol so I look slimmer face to face
Honoring drum. : Bill Raggio, one of true greats of Nevada politics, has died...never see another like him in this state. RIP.
Pish posh.You San Fran peeps live with real frights like earthquakes. Thunder's just cheap, harmless entertainment!
Please it 11:11 follow me? And I just said I hope you come true!<333
Aiokya is still looking for a job is virgin having another hiring?
hope to see u on the rest of the tour! ~bgv singer
Agghhh just wanted to send the crew off with a sweep before this tough road trip of 9gms in 10 days! Hope they don't come home under .500
I'm sexy and I know it :)
I have to study..see ya later everyone :))
Cracks, drops, spills, lost or stolen......its happens to the best of us! Is your phone protected with U.S. Cellular's Device Proctection?
This is my 3rd time getting stiches this year -.-
In Honolulu. About to board plane headed to Guam...
New recipe: Kefir smoothies!
you have such a big heart we love you hillary <3
Dang it. Mavs. Well....another first Round playoff exit after a trip to the finals. No bueno.
wow, I miss him and its only been a couple seconds :/
RT : A #Cancer thinks about how well you will fit in with their family and friends before they let themselves get close to you.
So thankful for assignments and being in tune with my spirit and truth. The answers are truly already in front of us.
EVERYONE IS ONLY THINKING BOUT
RT : If the Lakers lose, Dr. Buss is gonna hit Mike Brown with that Chris Hansen "have a seat" look on Monday.
RT Sitting in these briefings got me wanting to drop an act like I'm having a seizure LOL!
SAT word of the day: rescind (v.) to take back, repeal
That's a actual gym? I thought that was a "Dodgeball" reference...lol
Hahaha RT : Even Metta World Peace got tired of the game...
Is living the life. :D
I knew I should have put some jeans on before coming to this practice.
I'm gonna miss a lotta people I don't really keep contact with but oh well
are you gonna watch the sex tape?
Yes! And please share! RT : yes the #BROWNBAG is today. i Will take good notes.
SO DOES steaming Florida Novel PYTHON by Carina Nolan Simmering and Slithering Have partner with you it's too hot to handle
Inge keeping tweeters busy....again
I was in Louisville and I SCREAMED IT OUT THE WINDOW!!" #A Day! 8
Vikings will get their stadium...then we are just going to hear about Target Center being old
where's my boy Lucroy??? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
aaaawwww. so cutee<3 oh yeah and the koala is too. ;D
With age comes wisdom, maturity, and an appreciation for using the color white
Yes me and my partner both have a Twitter account.
Maybe animal rights activists when they attack researchers' homes? Depends on your definition of "terrorist," I suppose.
RT - Miami Dolphins QBs and healthy shoulders.
Catch "Bride Flight" a sweet period piece post-WWII if you want to go on a trip! Excellent work. Dutch film set in New Zealand. Captivating!
Does anyone else think the #Brewers look adorable in their little hoods tonight? Hehe
Snow?!?! What's going on here? I thought we were in the middle of winter? Come on over & get a cup of Mint Meltaway to deal with this snow!
What’s your best tip for squeezing in a lunchtime session?
Things are going well! You and Don must have attended the same conf. Great blog today! Thanks!
Just got home from listening to (final-ish) mixes for the new record. So excited. And so thankful to be working with Mike Zirkel.
Thank the lord, Iggy came up clutch and hit his free throws. #76ers moving on. LETS GO
Thanks everyone for checkin in on me. Surgery went great, doc says the bones look great! Tired and my wrist hurts like hell, but I'm good.
The Teleprompter Crack'd
That akward moment when your dancing in traffic and the car next to you just stares...
You are the fire on my apartment floor. Sixteen stories, I'd rather burn than fall.
is hosting #BloggerBuzz today, 2-3 @ Bandits (440 Main St). Free food & drinks
Super Bowl Sunday tomorrow! Patriots or Giants?
If you keep knocking on the Devil's door you better be prepared for somebody to answer.
you were Derrick's girl
Can't wait for our show in Austin on October 15th! Should be a great show!
So it's pretty much just me and my mom. My grandma is just.... A lost cause!
At the end of the day what it really comes down to is can you vote for a posh toff with bad hair?
Great cause and cute dog! RT : Good job Budweiser for making a special mention of a rescue dog!
11:35 accordign to the time stamp on your tweet.
I love country music. <3
put some ice on that If you can
Oh.. Wait.. Lemme See Ya' Phone , Cus All Them Bitches Is Ratchet. && Don't Let Me Get In My Truck , Cus AWL Them Bitches'll CATCH IT.
Ashley is so annoying ugh
Motherfucker i forgot to put a sports bra on -.-
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 83k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x5
same here, though the app process doesn't seem too rough - maybe we'll see each other there!
tonight went from bad, to so much fucking worse. SOMEONE FUCKING SAVE ME. CAN I PLEASE MOVE TO TENNESSEE NOW.
Back in the c rock #sorryforpartyrockin for 72 hours let's go
e.t. phone home
Koch bagboy Walker's policies have made Wisconsin #1 in the nation...in job loss.
It's funny how I'm older than you, but still you think you can beat me? Hmm, go somewhere?
i followed u plz follow back thxs u rock!
LOL michelle - and o ilove the bajans their accent is tops xD!.
ill take u
hate to say. Now we can get a fair shake wit personnel and picks
have to wonder what an ice cream truck is doing out in october....
The new Astrid looks like Twitter!
Her sex drives me crazy
Damnittt I forgot to wear my track jacket today
It's a punk move when people are serious and try to cover it up with jk. NOO..say what you mean and mean what you say.
I actually missed him, cant wait to see his face... Today is the day :)'n all day
Actually, I'm a woman and very proud.
o.0 Hubba Hubba!! Yep! Don't think u put that on tl, that was one of the places I looked earlier to see if *I* missed it lol
Fundraising & marketing for a nonprofit are tied together. Both should know how to think giving AND PR, trust, transparency, social media.
One of those games where you think, Hey, if they can be in this game playing this poorly, they should win the series. Or am I crazy?
HEYY GUYS? is Cody following you? No? Then go tweet&follow !!!! She'll help you! But only the first 10 ppl get in! SO GO!
Yay Thank you!
It really grinds my gears to see "prolife" folks call women murderers and label prochoice folks "pro-abortion".
Oh! saw the #Dallaswb promos and I'm lookling forward to the 2.0 version
That's the second time one of our guys have been pushed out of bounds.
Hard news is going to be really hard for reporters to find today, perfect for getting free publicity. Take advantage of this Thanksgiving!
In case you fogot KISSpdx is THIS FRIDAY! Can't wait for a super fun day with amazing pdx women & a restful night at the Nines!
Another warm January night. Quite different from last year's snowstorm. Come OUT & grab a Fruit Smoothie & our 50% OFF deal on ALL T-shirts!
Happy Birthday!!
Shew, now my eyes are all puffy & stuff. Time for bed <U+270C>
Ok I better just leave shit is getting intense lol Gn bitches.
your tweet just gave me anxiety but my coupons will have to wait till tomorrow.
Perverts, don't take my last tweet wrong :) sincerely, me.
Glad my singularity could bring you some brevity. :)
Just like the clouds, my eyes will do the same if you walk away Everyday, it will rain, rain, rain
Good luck and God's speed with your recovery, You will be missed, but hopefully you'll be back soon
Neato, my computer is on a 5-second delay like Brandi Glanville on an episode of WWHL.
Saved your life!
#nowplaying Deepest Cut- Get Scared
who wants them house of blues tix mayne? april 13 with $15 bones.
Guys just shouldn't disrespect a lady! Period.....
LeVar Burton: "In pursuit of something larger that ourselves, we should come hard to the table"
this may be true, but it's not like we gave you anything important to us. We have so many low picks we can make it rain with em
So I'm watching Dark Shadows...this girl pulled the sheet off of a ghost and stood there like everything is all cool....
milky white Ralph Lauren Polo cargoes... & linen...
Damn, this bee story is all over my feed now. Okay, save the bees, the yummy veggies, etc. I'm a bee-phobe, but I'm a team player.
OMG really R U kidding me!!!!!
I have no clue..
Charisma on Level 4 plays with me.
Does this vintage UA spice cabinet deserve the grand prize or do you have a spice cabinet that would blow this out of the water?...
+ maybe some play-by-play reports. . .
“: Hey friends, if your in #Chicago, stop into and try some of their famous pasta, u wont regret it” / Thanks!
why in the world would Victoria's Secret not have Saints in their line?
See you all tonight for our Elite party at SPiN Milwaukee! Ping pong, appetizers & cash bar, here we come!
Kobe needs 38 pts for scoring title. gives Kings 8% chance for under. I say 17% if Artest elbows Kobe in pre-game huddle
Really enjoyed 's talk on Chinese meme culture as a method for dissidence. Homophones FTW
what a great shoot at #postmodern today! Looking forward to edit day 1 tomorrow!
Better than watching "A Serbian Film," which I watched tonight, which will give me nightmares.
Off to Philly to see the last glickman graduate from Penn! It's odd bc I could've sworn was 6 years old. cc:
Free social network promo on my profile. Works great for follows. Would you like to follow 4 follow? :)
Someone pointed out that I just finished my last group meeting for school. Bittersweet. But mostly sweet.
should be me. I answered that eli threw all of the touchdown passes. #technically right
TOROS GAME 2MORROW NIGHT :30! Come cheer on Toros against the LA Defenders in the NBA DLEAGUE FINALS! We're going 2 the ship!
Thanks for the #FF! We heart U too! ;)
When you love someone, you should treat them the way you feel. because sometimes saying it, isn’t enough.
apology accepted..lol
Excuse my lingo when i call you hoe but bitch u know i talk like that
Come to Eisenhower Library before 10 p.m. tonight (4/2) and take an important library survey. Free coffee and the chance to win an iPad 3.
if that's a great song, you've never heard one
hey! How r u? U getting for your Vegas vaycay later this summer?
are you out of school yet ? I need your advise !!! I really do !
Ibuprofen I hope! Its a miracle :) RT : Thank u 800 mg for helping me out today!
“: God isn't interested in our perfection, He's interested in our SUBMISSION. // #VCAllstaffLiveTweet ”
okay, so we missed the turnover/mistakes that changed the outcome of the Patriots and Broncos game, but not Buffalo. Denver wins period..
Music choice is so important. 'We are young' made that chevy ad for me!
Can we please fire Spaz at halftime?!
Dear makeup artists / hair stylists we have lots to share in social networks so please DO NOT POST YOUR OLD WORK over and over ... Thanks!
"all you have is me and that's all that i can be; i'm sorry if it let you down."
You house should inspire, our schools should allow us to learn better and our offices should foster productivity.
lol I don't remember names
hey luv!! I sitting here watching the fight!! How about you? Lol
She's a star. Hire her! RT : Related: I'm looking for freelance writing and/or editing work.
I love that my credit cards nag me to go paperless, yet continue to send junk mail.
You're just not looking hard enough. I texted Teorsky this morning cause he was no where to be found. Ground floor.
Packers in talks with Browns on Colt McCoy trade.
what are you having for your entree?
a movie where me and u have sex and get married and have kids
why did I do that?
When do the guys come back!
Black people CANNOT be ashamed to demand #Justice. It is "for All," is it not?!
I have to come visit you out there one day! :D
Is there anything BUT compliments flying at you from my general direction? You are my world, honeygirl!
Teaching amazing again. Noting how over the years of teaching what was #scifi in 1995 is now our world, so makes my job easier.
You at WHS today? I'm coming in around 2!
I was about to come to your class and metta world peace that ass
why is it that I never want to sleep anymore?
IT'S FRIDAY PEOPLE!!!!
Thank you!
i think the most important stat that TBS throws at us is how many stats they throw at us.
What will happen with Max Siegel's company? Max indicates it will continue without him. I'm not convinced that will happen.
<U+2665> Drinking monster not even tired . Losing Bestfriends And Idfc . :) <U+2665>
yeah I've gone through so many at this point... I used to use Trader Joe's plain soy protein, but I'm cutting back on soy
CELEBRATING LIFE!! SMILES..DNICOLE
TY all I was a BASKET Case worried about my Fam an Friends n Henryville!
omg you were on "new girl" the episode is on right now.
I just met a guy with aspirations of having his own restaurant. So far he's just as sweet as your character in
Randomm but follow my great friend make her get 300 :)
you always gotta go there lol. Did you really used "pleasure"?
Can't believe its been 25 years since the NASA Challenger explosion. I remember watching it with my Dad before school. Where does time go?
I've added some new share features to the website! Hope you like it - thanks for checking it out. :) www.GetDealsTextedToYou.com
Ahh man...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>...thx for the GL wishes! Hopefully I can continue to run well!
We are infested with moths right now! They're even inside my truck. Anyone else having an infestation?
#1DTOURUSA June 2nd Sect 103 row bb seat 12 If you could go back in time to meet one person who would it be?
` Lol , Nah Not Really
“ Me: Mom, I'm adopted, admit it. Mom: What? Honey why would you think that? Me: I'm the only sexy one in the family, explain that!”
haha Nope but i've seen stuff I wear in there. I get my stuff way cheaper online :)
"you're mexican so your voicebox would be like mexican food" - stephanie adem
New Droid, starting to think maybe iPhone next time?..
whahah u do to!!! It's such a beautiful name!!
funny thing is, i used to call you my bestfriend.. looks like highschool really does people..
You guys don't know how bad I want/need an iPhone..
#FF Follow our European Team for updates, events and news on our European business!
I've got it all almost all figured out
M&A Tip of the Day- Try to detach yourself from the daily running of your business so when you sell, it will be easier to run without you...
Naa your hot. So it's okay. But only cuz it's on twitter
Mosley will finally show his age. Possibly by tko
Gunna get crackin' at findin' a new job, this one is gettin' old!
oops, let's get the spelling right and try again. Busy today with #dreamcruise travelers, Thank You All! Hope you have a blast in the D.
thank you so much for that extremely hot picture of you signed! You are so welcome!
Just booked June 8th for Woodfish @ Planet Surf! Spread the word!
“: The old Tech was the best school - Shoutout to all my niggas that went to Tech when it was in the old building”dead crackin
ok, glimmer of a glimmer of a glimmer. Still, fun to watch them beat up the pens.
well we have had some long days. Plus I am an hour behind u. So I have been partying a couple of hours before u. Lol
The pillars of Brand Equity : Credibilty Leadership Uniqueness & Relevance - if all strong drives referral & pricing power
I would text you and ask what happened, but I dont have your number! :(
Watching Dignan with Nicole :)
outfits are hard to choose for guys. You don't know the work we put in to make us look this nonchalant.
william dis wanted me to ask you are you goin to atl today???
ANYONE KNOW ANY GOOD/CHEAP LIMO RENTALS IN SEATTLE FOR 22 OR MORE PEOPLE FOR 5 HOUR? Please help
yes yes yes! pull in awesomes for
I wish school was over right now!!!
No, haven't seen anything since I've moved abroad. Did you enjoy War Horse? Hope all is well with the 2 little ones.
I love the Blonde roast best.
#BCEagles RT : Waiting for Frozen Fest to start...
oh no! wonder if he saw the fb postings. maybe he just wants to be more incognito. to better fight crime, ya know.
I believe we are :)
Check out the /mindless-behavior list!
Shawty give me all tht brain and still ain't learned shit
Looking at draft results and looks like Matt Millan is still drafting for the lions!
i see yall doin yall thing tho man. Im proud of yall. Much succes, u kno i always got yall back in this game
It's also a rite of passage to um, coexist successfully with the lacrosse camp. :) (if there happens to be one there now)
ever heard of the date rape drug? Yeah.
They do look good..they gotta squad
If you want to see change, you've gotta BE CHANGE
Exclusive Discount: Save 20 Percent On Feminine Designs! One look at Saivana 's Ashley dress —with it 's gorgeous pale aqua color, roma
is boarding the USS Cod, a WWII submarine.
:) Not on that day. We talked about the history of the planet and life.
Had a great workout ran 5 mies
Attempting to sneeze with my eyes open....
Naw We smoke good on the Hill RT : Oakhill hoes smell Like fifty I kno y'all weed man <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Love your huge target ad
now presenting the 1st part of our 3-part 'Focus on the Customer' webinar
My cell phone still not ringing :/
billions of people hate that damn sealed plastic packaging and yet... there are still there in your neighborhood store :)
okay i got 1000 tweets just about you, but when will you tweet something about me ? D: <3 i am waiting 5
Wow, I just tweeted a
Thanks! Just used it in a video shoot this am and it was a REAL hit!
to make them feel like shit
nice seeing you yesterday. Looking good:)
Editing complete. Revisions complete. Time to copy and submit.
I ONLY HAVE TO PAY $100 OF FRANK'S DAMAGES. BAM!
Can the Brewers carryover a few runs from last night's game?
sure did. Jamaican parenting. I listen to orders and seethe quietly.
I will send your request to Erin at Naturally Declicious Vending to see what she can do!
RT : #Milwaukee want a slice of #pizza the size of your head? Come get some for only $1!!!
your voice is golden.
Me: Babe I'm going to have my tonsils removed. Him: does that mean my dick will go deeper? #reallife conversation.
I'm so tired, I need to stop downloading music! Lmao
haha you are dead on!!! Love what your doing as well!
#CreativeCloud trying to hear this & I got dogs barking sheesh
nice icon
hey hey hey watch what you say about americas pasttime
I saw your Interregnum promo. It was very you. :-)
devil animals
what does this do to the Boilers heading forward?
Anybody know how to unfavorite something you accidentally favorited?
Coughing so hard my ribs are hurting
Now for my most hated part of Union Station: getting a cab after midnight. I hate being stuffed together with strangers.
I want a white suit
we are working on something, we'll post it once the details are worked out.
haha,hm..I would have to look and think about it. I just saw breaking dawn yesterday!:D
Few of the many wise apothegms which have been uttered have prevented a single foolish action.
Leaves don't even have dicks so I don't see the point of leaf blowers.
Maybach Anniversary Event on March 31st. We will be giving out free "ME" shirts for the night. Stay tuned for more info.
I hate LaGuardia airport and lame taxi drivers.
Man. Junior Seau killed himself. Crazy.
Who could use an 81" Cauhe clamshell die cutter for under $80k?! Subject to availability...lots of interest. email soon!
you welcome followback!
...these fast young women do not marry quite as fast as they dance. In the hymeneal race, we find them lagging behind. (1857)
have you checked out www.bwenetwork.com/books?
Great Full Body lift today w/ the Mens Team. Since the LUNGE is the most functional movement in bball, we hit LOTS of lunge variations 2day!
rly. see u soon
peyton's talk about austin. my heart rn.
ok if you promote mine!
thanks! :) and no problem. :D ill get him to sign my shirt and ill take a picture of it. :)
Loving the day with my buds #cityisland..styling with the spring dress & sexy sandals.<U+2605><U+2605><U+2605>
United Plumbing Retaining Locally Rank for Internet Marketing - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
I wish I could make you jealous...actually, I wonder if I've ever made you jealous
i wonder what is doing?
Effort. Thats the only thing Im asking for. Its so simple yet people make it seem like its so hard.
I feel like her language is taking off and suddenly she's understanding how to push my buttons :) and boy is she fighting sleep
I wish that Twitter had a like feature!
What do you put in the "Object" for NPPA BOP? Is this all automated this year?
baby I love, boyfriend you is sexi
its over.
awww that is so sweet!
we have one she can just have. It's not a flat screen but its big-ish and works great!
Shoutout to our new followers! Next week we'll reveal projects for #NFL & #MLB teams so stay tuned for an immeasurable amount of awesome.
we wipe desks clean often with Clorox wipes and some antibacterial spray
...whereas Palmer Park deals with dilemmas with consequences on either path re: race, class, schools, neighborhoods, real estate.
Preparing to head to California this coming weekend. Meeting with our newest client Allen's Flowers & Plants.
miss you when you're in with kids and I don't get a twitter summary!
Hulu interview #2 will be on Monday, so I can relax for the remainder of this evening and just focus on packing this weekend.
W/o drm chaos will reign and no one will write any more... Lies we are told ~sarah houghton
long island. You coming to visit me?
I put on some fake nails… I didn't think about not being able to play basketball with these things on :(
S/O to for keeping The Crisis on rotation for the TX Buzz! Much obliged sir
hey some friends of mine are gonna be in town for St. Patty's day where are you and your supporters celebrating
I work hard but then I party even harder than most rockstars do these days!?
*Got the first email from a lady who wants to audition for me ' show squeel!*
I love pandora. Keeps me stress free. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Whats in it?
Tell Em ! RT Headed to ST LOUIS !! Wes poppin?
you always want coffee >< and we can do that next week maybe.
Thank you for spreading the word. How you been??
Arguing with a fool proves there are two. - Doris M. Smith
Dear Annoying Person: Nobody likes you because you’re fake like a 3 dollar bill. Sincerely, Everyone.
Not putting top 100 restaurants online immediately is like putting more guns on the Maginot line.
he's a local no biggie..I see him at mcarthur and best buy all the time haaha
Detroit! Haha I got the Ds mixed up apparently ;)
I learned something new today. Joel Rifkin is an alumni of SUNY Brockport
Why is it so hard for people to spend money on their health? The same people you see in the malls overspending with no problem on things...
Hmm...maybe Jay-Z same-sex marriage endorsement is already having a ripple effect.
oh sorry I forget they are linked. lol thanks! It was awesome
Hey yeah I'm in lobby about to head into LOLitics.
I cant figure out just what to do...when the cause and cure is u
oh sit my bad lmao
your infographics on secret republic are awesome.
Goodnight everyone..I love u & <3
oh ok... Can i ask u a personal ?
If you could spend one hour with any musical artist who would it be?
I also just learned that 2/22 is World Thinking Day.
Hope my dad call me with some good news
Keep an eye out on some of your favorite Comcast channels for our Best of the Bay Members 30-second promos!!!!
RT : First up at #ithaka2010 Daniel Russell, Google's point person for "Search quality and user happiness" on "The Future of Search"
I'm sure you rocked it! :)
Day 2 of #agbt about to get started. First up talks followed by clinical genomics.
good news was supportive turnout for Earth Day & answers to questions about whether we would get a permit in 2012.
Oh and good morning to all.
No one could ever make me feel this way... RT : Sure I've been in love a time or two, but in the end I still chose you.
school is weird without ypu guys
Isn't it brutal that we have to wait so long for our season to start? At least we can go watch their practices.
Thanks for the follow! Love the symphonic metal!
I was just gettin home ain't had my phone ALL WEEKEND , 4rl , but hey look at it this way at least I didn't forget ;)
chipotle going up this friday?
you ok there cone? Seen Crafton knock the hell out of ya there
Just realized that I ate no Easter candy all weekend. What is wrong with me?
We're looking forward to your visit!
Swear I Hate Hoes...
I got you ;] and Im sending the love back at you 3 lol
Ravi surveyed Jane Restaurant in New York.
its pretty good, surprisingly
This has gone everywhere and I just wish I knew what was really right for me.
Goodnite everybody! Tonight is the last time I go to bed as just a dude....TOMORROW I WILL BE A DADDY!!
Help for people with long-term conditions - Mansfield Chad
Aww(: RT : “: IF YOU ONLY HAD $5 LEFT WHAT WOULD YOU SPEND IT ON?!? #AskAlex” a bible (:
I still think you could have shown my many loved characters in one final battle, regardless of ending. UGH!
Whoa. Books are so much cheaper on my kindle! I'm loving it! How is everyone today?
No more nice Haley!! Just blew up the neighbor kids for being in my driveway for like the 500th time. Play somewhere else!!!!
it must be #StarWarsDay -- I want to Chewbacca some people out
They should compile all his errors.
Ok, I think I filled in the remaining blanks. But I don't have the knack for proposal-ese that you do.
and they still havent announced kh3 -_- hopefully soon lol all the spin-offs are ok but we need a main one again
babe! You can't just say those kinds of things! ;D lawls
not fighting. MEAT.
Alex Presley with an inside-the-park-home-run on the first at bat tonight against the Cards. #LetsGoBucs :)
Is this in St Michael's?
Rednecks from Kentucky.
Dear artists please show ya appreciation to the producers and engineers thanks in advance
Hoping--and sure--your panel was a success!
RT : I think this proves we are indeed related...! U already know baby! Now let's get to the Bossom Bed and chill
OCNJ Beach Vacation! Hello Short commute and a whole lot of Sun!
is this years game schedule out?
Im laughing right now without even seeing it ... i wouldnt be able to breath if i actually saw you
Leftover Chicken Recipes These leftover chicken recipes are a fantastic way to use up that leftover roast chicken, grilled chicken or eve
Got the taste for something soft and wet , basically ice cream
I'm telling on u!
I know some Bookrites who would like to go with you!
RT : In the studio mixing and cutting synth with ! Life is good
where :o?
There is no reason Pat Knight should have ripped his team like that yesterday
All sickness is not until death. When u said to God, "I surrender my all to You do w/ me as You will." U gave Him conformation to work...
My assistant is creating garage band songs in her spare time. I may have to put her on a project.
I was expecting it to be better... Boy, would Ryan Suter help but that's definitely not happening
A bus is a vehicle that runs twice as fast when you are after it than when you are in it. ..
Happy Friday, !
name dropper. ;-)
You didn't care.. You never did. I can't believe I fell for it.</3
E. Cipolloni scores on an NC State error making the score Virginia 5 NC State 1
She will re-bloom when ready with all the right experiences to be able to contribute to her next stage & w/out the depression of missing it
Yum! RT : 100% Kobe Beef Sliders Tonight only! $12, Come get some Tasty Beef!
"Up the stairs at Weatherford... a ghost each place I hide." Jimmy Eat World
always meaning as in never? That sounds about right. :)
All campus buildings open this morning but classes canceled. Watch www.cwsl.edu for updated information as it becomes available.
i think that photo has been doctored. Everything I've seen says Rick.
Thanks for adding me to your list /astd-2012. Looking forward to great #astd2012 updates.
love miller park.so comfortable.enjoyable.spacious.smells good..awesome tailgateing in a huge parking lot..moderatly priced..only1 hr away.
Yes, I am artsy fartsy (:
okay, this is weird cause i dont know you, but your pics like explain my life.
RT : Hi. Thanks for asking. Most of the experienced cab drivers of #Chicago drive for more calls..
#JonHamm should have offered Lindsay some powdered donuts before the show ... for luck
Thanks for your participation Matt! Let us know if you have any questions.
I just got my assigned song for the 500 Songs for Kids benefit this May.
Beer of choice on Mad Men tonight: Rhinelander.
Blackman Kallick K Attys!!! Watch out for us today! & I are on a cookie mission and will be by your project with goodies!
Great seeing you for lunch w/ today!
Needs my hair did
Thanks for the follow...just booked for Wed! Looking forward to the experience (used to live on the block in the early 90s)
I tweet alot right
We are DEFINITELY recording some vocals tomorrow >p
Just left the 500 shut it down. Thank u for all the love thank u everyone.
okay thank you(:
Emma & team in SanDiego did us right last night. 5050 burger is great, environment is great, all was great!
A lil' R&D in SoHo!
softball almost killed me tonight..
Let's do it.
Hi Im also from Chicago. Follow me back? :)
A boiled egg in the morning is hard to beat.
2011 ws a gret year 4 us,a music tour,a follow up album,going back to USA w original 4guys,floodgates of opportunities,miracle manifestation
Freezing cold, snow, warm, rain. The average week in Chicago. I've learned to live with it.
well shoot! :/. atleast youll join the club of being crippled lol, but yeah id be glad to do anything.
That first part sounds like tinfoil hat talk to me. Useful idiots, sure, but plants? I don't buy it.
Met with students and lectured on the start of the French Revolution....and did paperwork, there is always paperwork.
HE DIDN'T CHEAT ON ANYONE!!!!!!! you just decided to randomly pop up in OUR business. bye now!
Glad you made it home
Dude looks like a ladyy.
tis the season!
So.. If I do move to L.A. in February.. my mum promised me she would take me to a Picture Me Broken, and BVB concert. ^_^ SWEET.
Welcoming new marketing & PR intern to the LHG team today
who's who? And why?
what does that mean??
Daily Dose of Goodness: good morning early risers! Did you know the tradition of Black Friday goes all the way back to the 1930's?
What's your favorite way to workout?
WOW! Just got a hold of a GREAT Prize to giveaway today. Keywords.... Richardson... autograph...... Retweet!
RT The music in Rick Perry's anti-gay, anti-non-Christian ad was composed by Aaron Copland, who was both gay and Jewish.
I need a bob marley
OH I do ;)! I'll be the first to say damn she has nice assets ;) LOL
which one?
After the winter we have had I seem to appreciate these beautiful days more
#BOYFRIEND is truly amazing !! :D <33
#Amen! MT : . Next time let the NYC press know you're comin - we get few chances to chat
Maintain positive thoughts because...Thoughts become Ur words. Words become Ur behavior. Behavior becomes a habit & Habit becomes Ur destiny
Slept through nashville
RIP You were one of my favorites. Condolences to your family in this tough time.
e Please follow me <3
I'm that annoying kid who is on his iPhone and iPad at the same time
me 2 but im watching pretty little liars so its helping me hahah
And the iStan would even have Eminem and Skam from underground and the things he recorded when he was 14 and stuff..
wise words, i wish more people followed that rule
Denver's rude customer service and refusal to explain what will happen if I can't get on my flight *you* overbooked is appalling.
aww that's sweet thank u very much ! :-))
Former Disney animator John Hubley discovered the Saturday Morning Market magic: kids, cartoons, & candy cereal.
Y is that u can never get over your 1st love
I'm having such a great weekend!!
#BeliebersAreReadyForBoyfriendVideo I'm ready for my ovaries to explode.
Never gets old just watched it last weekend!
So erm, basically, you should refollow , mm 'kay? Can you do that for me love? :)
#WebGreekTip - Organize your members into subgroups to quickly send group texts & emails and tag event participants
you know it was a great game when 2 days later you still don't have your voice back
My guess is it's one of those $7.50 p/hour gigs after all the work you put in.
Well, it had to happen sometime; got my first B in college. At least it was at and a really tough Bio class
Thin mints for breakfast.
Grabbing coffee on the way to #OVS to bake
What documentary is a must see for me?
Can't believe I missed Ralph Fiennes reading Potter slash fiction. Wonder who the pair-ups were. Too funny.
Thanks for adding me to your list!
Please #Follow my sexy little friend !!! She is new to Twitter
on the hunt for a whip.. lol.
Microsoft bought skype for 8.5 billion dollars ... Idiots !!!! They could have downloaded it for free !!
Tweeting for the first time.
As I said before, I never repeat myself.
Thats funny how you find out about him. I will hop on the train.
Great meeting...looking forward to many more.
Well, I didn't win the lottery. There goes my house in Maine and Florida and Bora Bora and Arizona and...........
I'm on at 9 tonight, y'all. No joke. And I might have some sort of fever related attack on stage, so you definitely don't want to miss this.
What a day today, I really need a personal assistant...
#FF1 one caring guy who provides good business counsel and willing to drive to visit a friend.
u too sweetie!
I went to Milio's today and was disappointed not to see you there.
which research?
WHAT THE FLUFF? ONLY MI HOMBRES CAN CALL ME DAT YOU CHOLO.
SPEAK UP IF UR BEING BULLIED,TALK TO SOMEONE,BRING ATTENTION TO THE SITUATION,IT CAN BE HELPED! IGNORE THE PPL WHO R TRYING TO HURT U!
Its going to be a crazy ride and I'm so ready. Trip of a lifetime with some screams mixed in there ; )
We are at web 2.0 conference in sf. Pretty impressive turnout.
Movies that shouldn't have a sequel but are getting one this year - Ghost Rider and Total Recall.
To think I would ever be with you again was a mistake.
Hello all send me some emails
whoop whoop #soexcited for 's Ustream with ! :)
Just ate at ryans with my little bubby and cousin crystal
nor the women's deodorant.
Longest night ever. Ugh. So ready to sleep.
Good day, social media universe! Today, I started a new 40Day SadhanaYoga practice with Siri Ajeet. 4-7am daily. SoCal'ers, you are welcome!
Great game Pens! Big win!
Kudos POTUS. Kudos.
Envy my life skills. ENVY THEM.
Facebook is for people I normally see. Twitter is for people I wish I could see. ¯\_(<U+30C4>)_/¯
Listening to Creflo Dollar! ---"My trust is in the Lord." Proverbs 3:5
Haha, eating a kosher pickle as I drive through my beautiful state.
extreme self centeredness?
So why does my 3yr old son know how to pick a lock? Should I be concerned? He is so smart its scary! Lol
sounds like a plan
Obamacare - the first mandate from the federal government on all US citizens.
Trying to fall asleep without my cat's constant snore... #fail #Unlegit >:/
YUP. Slave owners as vampires. Hence, Lincoln as vampire slayer.
Eddy Murphy is NOT dead.
Jealous... How was lunch? ?
So, you've found marijuana leads to short-term memory loss. We get it, Afroman.
Enjoying my last week in Hawaii .. Until next year .. Will miss the beauty & the beach.. But I'm excited to see all my Texas peeps..
Morning! How is the camping preparation? got the tent set up?
not surprised! he is such a kind and generous man! one of a kind! we are so lucky to have him on our board.
haha that video is all i can think of when i hear "hoodrat"
I went to church and Chinese food with my MOM. You?
Yay, is loading demo of the super awesome shelf life! It addresses both shelf browsing and social profiles.
LOVE: "it doesn't last" . PEOPLE: "they change fast" . LIFE: "No matter what happens, it still moves on" .
not exactly but i need to get on that
haha thanks! Home cooked meals are the best! And now I'm hungry haha
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED keep tweeting itt!
Freedom of religion is an awesome thing, but religious views should not be involved in political discourse.
makes you want to light it up
*hugs u tight* i missed hugging u!!!!
I must create a system or be enslaved by another mans; I will not reason and compare: my business is to create. William Blake
sang amazingly tonight! even sang one of my favorite songs by Earth Wind & Fire! <3
Who is ready for school tomorrow!? I know I'm not -__-
Responded to FIRE @ 31 Essex St, Brooklyn, NY 11208. Red Cross auto update.
I wish I could talk to each face the enemy and change his opinion about me (Demi Lovato)
Looking forward to seeing Ken Jacobs at UCLA's Billy Wilder - last saw Ken in Rochester in 1993 - introduced by my old friend, Tom Gunning.
If she got no clothes on I let her in, and her set of friends!
As a $SBUX shareholder, glad to see restrooms are being kept clean (at least in stores I go to) and the baristas are friendly.
...next year of our lives with all of you as fans and friends :) Love, -4QC
The poorest of the #poor on the earth... are children. ~Mama maggie #Mvt121 VP Tony Chen
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. Thomas Jefferson
Dressed and hair is done ! Now makeup ,(:
lame ass
Deuteronomy 14:28-29 "...bring all the tithes of that year's produce...so that ...the fatherless...may come and eat and be satisfied..."
Last time I order "#LemonChicken' from my local #Chinese rest...apparently I was ordering #friedchicken with a tangy #cornsyrup reduction.
Should BleedBlack cover a rap song? If you agree should it be a gangsta rap song or a club banger?
No matter how awesome they are no way in hell am I paying 400 dollars for shoes
If only Jameson were as concerned with access to content as he is access to capital....alas.
Can't tell if copy is joke.. "The Think Vitamin Advisory Board in place make sure that you receive the best content possible."
< now followin Thank you for the follow.
CAA tourney is the first weekend in March.
I could seriously retweet everything you put up. It's always Grade A material.
Blackhawks tickets still available for the game on Sunday @ the United Center against the Blues. Call us at 888-493-0004
I want someone to come over and play rockband!
If you work with me, remember today is the last day to make your NCAA Bracket, only I can pick Kentucky FTW
Great goal!
Disadvantage of being the oldest of your little group: no one else can drink at your 21st birthday party. :P
That's some true love right there!
exactly, if he can get that many fans with only being there that long then just imagine if he stayd longer lol
#CompCloud conducted a 10-yr study of 200K people to determine what impacts employee engagement
i want one wit tats n piercings like
Missisippi has the highest rate of obese adults at 34% of the population
1st street - boro in nyc / 2nd street - a city in idaho! More clues to come....
Burn baby burn! Lookin good:-)
Just wrapped up a meeting with Tara and Peter over at Renfield Productions at The Lot in West Hollywood. They are just down home nice folks!
I think I am going to take Civilization IV with me on vacation to California. I don't know why I didn't take it with me to New York.
The phone conversation that just occurred with my Dad>>>>>
Lil'Wegi Just did a show I was Crazy Lol...
Audition time!
Just spent an hour+ trying to install Freetype2 on Ubuntu 11.10, what a pain in the ass.
nice man!! I'll go with you when you get one my guy
Loving your High Point updates. Too bad I missed you.
None of those are relevant to this discussion. Larger debate on their coverage is fine but not here or on this story.
just signed up for an invitation request for google voice...sounds like a great service. hope it works well!
Combine that with these stupid IPAM courses and today is for the f'ing birds.
Being sick 3 days before Christmas <
Farragut square today. Tacos al pasztor,barbacoa, pollo sofrito, vegan squash, Chicken,tortilla soup, chips and salsa, and guac.
7 survival skills for the 21st century tony wagner
Our shops can set you up to make your own. ;-)
While I see the overall thought process behind cutting off wi-fi at lunch, I'd actually stay here and buy lunch if you didn't.
Haha, You are hilarious!
Have you uh, played Skyrim yet? lolol
Twitter freestyle?
RT Will soon surpass 70 library books checked out. What's the record, ? You are above average, but not close! Sorry!
sorry.. im alex :).. i dont know who yu care either but i see yu live in fresno to so i thought id follow yu..
ok well let us know ok
heck yeah...its a ridiculous amount of money :0)
uh...if Alicia ummmed one more time I was going to go nuts!!!
I'm by the left side of the stage near like a pole.... I'm in bright red and probably one of the shortest people here
cry over cuts and stitches. not sluts and bitches.
what happened to Big Ben and the Yankees?
don't hate on just because she said that fannypaks needs to leave its her opinion every single person has their own opinion
what's going on in the ATL tonite...
PHX will be opening at 8:00AM for Record Store Day on the 21st! Sounds like a 2 cheese danish morning to me.
#RETWEET CHECK OUT TONY T NEW MIXTAPE "MR BEAT IT UP" ON DATPIFF.COM "DOWNLOAD" FEATURED BANGAS BEAT IT UP REMIX MY WORLD OF RAP DIRTY COKE
#HugACheerleader day tomorrow? "You don't get to touch me!"
Thank you to everyone who attended the General Membership Meeting on April 19 at Wisconsin Black Historical Society Museum!
that's good
So, looking at a clip from EW, I found out about the new Spider man movie, which seems like a remake of the first. Interesting. :)
sometimes my wife likes to visit me
Thanks to everyone for all the mothers day love.... RIP to my baby boy Angel
Why stop at one? I say the more the merrier! “: Every family deserves the blessing of a child w/ Down syndrome." :)
woo great job guys! Let's keep voting so they can stay there! :)
Go to for the good pizza in Seattle near by your hotel basicially - don't you think & Shih_Wei ?
where-ever I go, I find David Foster Wallace has been there before me.
If anyone wants to be in a video were making for cody, please follow and go to our favorites on that account.
Mani-pedi today= yes!! I need this.
If you're not hard to get, you'll be easy to forget.
Lord, its early
Bad news: 1/3rd of Beastie Boys dead of cancer. Good news: Licensing Beastie Boys songs for luxe car, shoe commercials just got 33% easier.
And that Emily is back on #Bachelorette to meet someone wealthy so she can raise Ricki with all the horses a girl could ever dream of
it was probably a cardinals fan
Thanks for getting us over the 800 follower mark! Look forward to seeing you & your family in here again.
what is the pain stemming from?
that fountain is actually quite lovely when it's turned on. I've never understood why o'Bryant square is so seedy.
Nice read, and very true!
thanks, not so bad yourself.
I hear ya! That is outrageous!!! How am I supposed to survive with a pack of Newports costing me $5.49!
It really is unnecessary. And I think I've just about had enough of the positive "quotes" all damn day.
One redirects: "let's work on the important points we've just discussed."
Rehearsed DJ Roc'Phella and Marvin Shields Jr. Yesterday for Chop Suey show. Should be fun.
Off to the Rose Parade!
is there a reason they did the pecking order challenge on an even number tribal when the odds of someone flipping are lower?
#Marvelous Monday: ,
If I were a pro basketball player, I'd shave my head.
On the way to #sec12!
How about some sweet wine for your sweetheart? Come in to THE CASK today to receive 15% off of any sweet wine! #HappyValentinesDay!
The grandma on teen mom is a bitch
A day of GREAt news! 1 friend in Florida, FAR, FAR, FAR, from God...SAVED!!!!! 1 friend in Chicago, free of cancer!!!!!
“: Fresh out the shower, bout to head out in a few” where tha party at
have a great weekend too.
Zones are configurable via web based control panel or JSON API. We have a 30 day guarantee to try us out risk free. How can we help?
it's okay I was 30 minutes late anyways :) we start that project tomorrow
I love
#HowImGRAND No matter what happens i don't cut/hurt myself..your story about bullying helped so much <3
Thanks for the tweet, Scott! AMAZING indeed! :)
This has been a really tough week for me and my family.... Trying to tell jokes to get by - Please send positive thoughts our way -
YOLO is You Only Live Once :D
Red sweaters, Christmas decorations, the music and the joy! Don't you just LOVE Christmas?? Pass the joy along today...his name is Jesus!
Mincie wouldn't be complete without gettin smashed with
I was too. In fact, I locked myself in my room on Sunday night, too scared to leave.
i firmly believe that tyra banks is the person who has contributed the least to american society in the last ten years.
I agree! RT : Spring is messing with us.
Okay forreal if Will Forte plays that crazy guy I will roll out the door
Omg there's a snow storm... gotta love Colorado
Where is she at when I need her
you got that one thing lol follow me plzs luv ya
My mom better let me go over Laura's this weekend .
Jogger91: Know how I can get a copy of the presentation on Expert Databases -KM div, Mon am? Not in Handouts on SLA site #sla2009 or hav ...
the 2 promo concerts I went to were probably the 2 fave days of my life, so the connection thru music was definitely felt :)
Leadership Lessons frm Real Execs: All it takes to change is to get started.
So true. I got a ColdBuster today. Not sure if it actually makes me feel better, or if it's a placebo.
On the flip side, Orson Welles would be a shrewd replacement for Mike Mayock.
what a fantasy X)
North Carolina why are you so hot?
Right house but bad timing for one of my buyers. Fingers crossed that we can get all the ducks in a row. Open house on Sunday!
Why its it all these sexy gay people on twitter live no where near me? Oh yeah, I live on a rock.. Hawaii needs side sexy guys..
Urbargain starts to signup Merchants in Raleigh,NC. Early bird specials available for a limited time
Us, Today @ Kofenya TONIGHT!
And when I'm at school I'll just tweet and complain about how I hate everyone
Last full weekend for Christmas shopping? What is on your wish list?
#FollowBack Please! Thanks!!
can. be your west virginia wife? lol:)
Everybody have a lick-o-rama day this Hump Day!!!
Shit... I should probably start going tanning since I'm borderline albino
when are you coming over? Chris still sleeping. Not that it matters much
And the Beale Street flippers are the halftime show!
clearly disconnected with their child, probably older than average, and should be slapped.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
hey friend! I'm blessed what's been up with u?
I was living in a devil town, didn't know it was a devil town.....
it def hasn't been the same. Very inconsistent. But again, I fault the writers.
have you heard or received anything from the farm about our CSA? isn't it supposed to start soon?
Think like a man." is a movie.
Cool! I'll follow you back!
can I get one?
Just ran into - yay!!
Can the musicians play "I'm a Believer" in honor of Davy Jones next hour?
My stomach can't handle this early in the morning.
lol we chill Saturday brendan and um your buds.
« Today in 1976, Apple founder Ronald WAyne sold his 10% stake in Apple for $800. Current value: $58,065,210,000»
Come to Portland, Oregon good sir!
Hey guys this is my 35th tweet. Thanks for the good times, my eight loyal followers.
RIP Peter.. You'll be missed.
it's hard to imagine The Watchmen being any funnier or stupider than it already is but i get your meaning!
When asking for chips at a Mexican eatery, isn't salsa implied?
Hammond peeps!!!! We gonna be at Cate St Pub wed nite!!!
Shaq may have been a better rapper than analyst.
Almost got run over twice in the last five minutes.
“No tears in the writer, no tears in the reader. No surprise in the writer, no surprise in the reader.” <U+2015> Robert Frost
There us a thunder storm in my tummy.
My prayers are w/ #Japan. But who believes what we're being told about the #nuclear disaster? Don't these people deserve the truth?
haha just got home. figured id just go right to bed so I can wake up early :)
Any New Year's Resolutions? “One resolution I have made, and try always to keep, is this: To rise above the little things.”~John Burroughs
Fun times at San Francisco DMV *sarcasm
i know you are but what am i...i hate when ppl say tht!
Over 30 women in the past year, she put scratch marks on my back
i will tina...we can do it tomorrow
Kennedy: We need to talk about hope so there's something for them to fall back on
have a great, safe and productive trip!
yes it is an awesome day! Working on some major projects inspired by your coaching program!
thank you <3
Shout out to my boys at Dayton for beating another great team in Temple today. Keep flying high guys & working hard
Who has the best kitchen, Bree, Gaby, Lynnette or Susan?
I have cried But gotta let God deal with them.
"Biggest turnoff! Niggas wit no swagg..fake polo..dirty shoes…ugly dirty fitted caps..oan stanky breath..smh."
Movie night with the girls ;)
says she cares more about her job and the truth than Penn State as her alma mater. She compartmentalizes her feelings.
oh! Start with "thank you"
On a Gartner webinar - Takeaway: Less is more with governance. Design the least amount of governnce required to make great decisions.
Having a hard time getting my leg out of this blood pressure machine at Wal-Mart.
Check out our very own Phil Firetog singing his song shamless
no man, my knee fucking hurts. busted my shit when i walked outta the pisser last night, some fucker spilled water everywhere
haha give me a min i will!
What a freakin fantastic week so far... Holy smokes, it's only halfway done too. So beyond ready for Saturday
OMG 20 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CONGRATULATIONS!!!! PLEASE TWEET ME
Thx to all of you for the #ff today. Always appreciated.
Feels like the #Rams counter proposal is aimed at the opt out. No sense of compromise on the "top tier" thing..
ah sweatpants Ann's turtlenecks At the same time??
you may be wondering how many more eps of millionaire matchmaker i can possibly watch in a row. as many as it takes to become
Ikr , I Barely See ANY Vegas Team Mindless . Me And My Bestfriend Are Like The Only Ones !
the song is decent not really my style though sorry
ILLUSION NEVER CHANGED INTO SOMETHING REAL, IM WIDE AWAKE AND I CAN SEE THE PERFECT SKY IS TORN
lol I didnt even kno they had one for baby dads......its all bad lol
my mom worries way to much about stupid shit
LOL, so true!
live the life you love.
Debit card on strike swiper no swiping. Next year I'm converting into a Jehovah's Witness
I Love wiz and I aint scared to say it <<<
OMG really?! we better get a move on i guess...
Interesting how many Media Lab companies are about, "bringing your data back to you"
fantastic , definitely worth checking out the live show.
Modernist Gorilla! Just need to keep playing Mega-millions.
...but also because you talking about them makes you look so much weaker; cause I don't EVER hear them bringing YOUR name up...
Lee DeWyze. Next American Idol? I think so. :)
FOLLOW BACK?!
I can't watch it -__- Let me know how it is :)
would like to give you a great big orgasm for Christmas!
Best week ever! Met , , , and Melissa Ponzio! I love you all, thank you so much! <3
wow are you making mangu could I have some lol
I can see that, but I present wireframes all the time. It puts the focus on content, visual priority, and IA first. Then I prototype.
This just in: perfect Sayaka is perfect, sky is blue, grass is green.
That was a sick goal from Ramires. Sheesh. The drama level at this match is off the charts.
Good enough to get their, great enough to stay
Vandy win was big for #badgers confidence. They are not in awe of Syracuse or just happy to be in Boston.
They usually do! ;)
The Charlotte Bobcats are hosting the New York Knicks tonight at the Time Warner Cable Arena. You can call us now for tickets: 888-493-0004
Happy Valentine's Day everyone! <3 <3 <3 We love all of you for the support you've shown, a lot of things to announce this spring/summer!
can't believe what I just saw on !
where and when is the show on Sat?
Wow what a day March madness and Food. Expressly Gourmet has you covered on snacks, soda and water. Place your order at...
LOVE the quote! LIVE the quote! :)
What's Going Down this Weekend I Heard its gonna be Big!
A complete overhaul of forum software? They have just been talking about security updates so far.
fuxxxxxxxkkkk no hambone in lineup. Great just great.
Thanks for the follow.
singing baby got back>>>> #secondhighlightofmyday(:
I can't believe I'm saying this but.. I think it's time to change the twitter bio<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
don't feed them! Especially not after midnight.
No score in the third. Score still North Texas 2, FIU 0.
I love mangos. :) Because I'm sure all 313 of you were wondering.
Right Said Fred Savage Garden #Actors/Bands/AllThatShit
If you're looking for Celebrity Bookings & Party Promotions check out . Thanks for the follow.
what's up fool
I have a really good feeling about this season. Can't wait to see what they bring to
Going motorcycle riding! :)
I'm tired of the digital age. Could you bring another nomenclature?
Been in the game for years, but now its starting to roll
He plays for the Orioles...incredibly unfortunate.
yeah yeah haha
Quick lil workout and shower... Now off to the statehouse
The death of Osama baseball edition: George W. Bush with the win, Obama with the save.
so cold.
dude me too! O_o
It's been almost 28 hours since I ordered my new phone. I can't believe it isn't HERE yet!!
I need someone to care about
its on my fb :)
you wish you sing like your sister lmao
can you please make my night and follow me back ? (:
I'll probably remain a constant dreamer my entire life ;)
Looks like we'll be hearing the news helicopters in spades as tomorrow is May Day and protest season starts in earnest.
I miss my parents dark blue leather sofa. So comfy. I think they actually absorb u when u lay in them.
For sure! It was great meeting you 2! I'm sorry I didn't end up making it to your panel, but I'm sure it was a hit!
You are the conductor in your own life. With God, Spirit, Source or The Universe being your grand orchestra. You decide how it will all ...
RT : RT Q3 Changing gears. What’s the silliest thing a non-runner has said/asked you about running?
Bowling with my son, Bears @ Tinhorn Flats & the Broncos Must be put Down. Wearing 34 Sweetness jersey...gonna need it...we got no QB!
I ain't even talkin bout u silly
email us please, and we'll have someone reach out to assist.
ill be there in 5!!!
Been waiting a lot of years to say this again. BIG TEN CHAMPS!
Gloria Allred's "We the People" = Actors doing enactments of court cases. Why is this on TV?
#BostonSportsReport: Would New York Rangers vs. Los Angeles Kings Stanley Cup Final fall short of ratings blockbuster? (Puck Daddy)
Break that single...was hot!
Me to....look a bar!
We will see next week im a fan of all you girls but everyone have there own input.
Same back to you! Thanks :-)
Thanks 4 the follow! Great to connect with you!
Great time at the park with and
I currently feel like wine, I get better with age.
So Far To Go by J-Dilla and Common is my shiiiit!
Welcome and Happy Friday to We'll be needing some weight loss services in a couple weeks! ;)
"doing that tomorrow" not now haha I sleep now!
No Problem! We can't wait to view your film and we encourage our followers to do the same!
can you please please please please please please please follow me? 0r at least mention please I wil be so so so sad if u dont
No. I have too much research to do
staying strong for jay
He wouldnt be a starter for us, he probably just wants play time. Good luck to you Amile at Duke.
#LogicFail Heritage Fdn sez "we should use every means possible to kill [terrorists] first or ID them." Uh, try IDing them first, m'kay?
local Occupy camps are still largely controlled by fakes, and so remain small, ugly, and ineffective, the way the 1% want them.
peace out
Ready to do the NYC.
scantily clad.
& I thank God for sending someone new my way who truly cares about me. Even though he is mad at me right now lol
you can burn CDs through it super easy
Cool. Have fun! It's a great time of year to jump in. Farmers markets have the best ingredients—can't go wrong
Yo said that lol. Just like them iguana days......
We are often allergic to the “fillers” in the pills we take. These can vary from brand to generic. We can make it without the filler.
I'm over men....AND women..... No no I'm over human beings. I'm into aliens now. There!
too bad the dragonball z/gt series had to end
Caps...4-2...they've been the better team entire series...hey whats Tommy hunsickers handle?
No clue why my boyfriend likes me every single time he comes over my room is aboustly disgusting and messy lol
I love this baby. He is the perfect excuse when I really just didn't want to go to that party.
I LOVE FOOTBALL ON SATURDAY!!!
I'm so happy I get to check into school Friday at like 9:45
Enjoy the read RT bought 3 copies of #SunStandStill waiting in line for a copy to free up while everyone tells me what Im missing
RT : On the day that #Dbacks starter Patrick Corbin was born, #Rockies starter Jamie Moyer already had 31 MLB wins.
No prob! Let me know when you're free for lunch :)
i loved that song also :D ur really talented
Grandpa, I love you so much, it's gonna be hard with you gone now. You lived a long eventful life. You fought hard. Rest in peace <3
#thingsthatineed is my family close friend and my boyfriend<3
We are proud to announce that our co-chair Carlos Garcia is now a board member on Kendall Federation of Homeowners Assc.
RT : Damn RT : LMAOOOOOOOOOO Pacers and Magic is such a terrible series. I'd rather watch tranny porn.
Thanks for the feedback. I figure knowledge of the twitters is pretty important to editors, but wondered about stndrd practice
If you think Seattle was bad, keep your eye on Sac now that KJ has declared the Kings DOA.
I don't eat much anymore. I don't know why.
Can't sleep at night. Tuesday is going to be a long day at Disney if I don't get this figured out by tonight........
I would highly suggest #snowtubing at Wildwood Highlands!
I aint nothing wrong with me telling my brother I love him
Hi girl that runs everywhere. No one loves you and you're adopted.
Romney is criticizing Obama for even running for president. His speech sounds like a pep rally not a candidate speech.
do it! I'm only gonna be in NY for a week but I'm staying with Marcos haha
follow me back brotha! Hope to have a beer with you someday! Cheers!
| Thanks - didn't see the option for the wait list. Will try to attend next event.
sad to see it end ... #thoseguys are the best
what is it?
thanks so much!
- thanks Harmen -- i have been a long time fan of Shakti Gawain...she has influence with me.....great quote!
RT if you Love Justin Bieber's #TurnToYou song.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
Read the books! By Jeff Lindsay.
Drafting up new story ideas. I think best in the shower and while driving. Hmm how could I put those two together? I'll be at the car wash!
Some people just needa be taught a lesson!
i fuck everything up, i understand if you hate me</3.
'Tis a good weekend. ;)
Is the Henry Aaron commercial limited to just Milwaukee, or are other markets seeing it?
Get Ready, Now It's a Race To the Finish Line For... NEW COUNTRY STAR OF THE YEAR 2010
Im at sea world employment center rn....Es not da same without chu
Follow me and I'll keep you at the cutting-edge of #SQL development (not serious, but you can follow an old housemate anyway)
Scott Walker is awesome...that's all I have to say.
Other NBA teams' fans need to get over Cavs' fans not getting over Lebron leaving Cleveland.
No matter how good of a guy you are, you'll always just be a friend.
TO EVERYONE ON TWITTER PLEASE WATCH KONY 2012 video on YouTube & HELP SPREAD THE WORD!
In LA this would be dogs hiking Runyon complaining about credit card debt RT FOR EXAMPLE: what if your dog is too adorable?
Ha! Nice one June. RT "Earth School... Where we get to keep going until we master the material. Hah! No pun intended."
#ConfessionNight I eat to much snacks at nite
My understanding is that we don't really know how large a guy he was, but my wife and like to think he liked food too. Heh.
FUCK YOU TUMBLR, YOU OBVIOUSLY HATE ADAM AND I HATE YOU FOR THAT FUCKKK YOUU I WAS ALMOST DONE!!!
RT : Dear al Qaeda, We killed your cowardly leader with a military that includes Gay Americans. Suck on that. Yours, Obama
#kids Saturday Scholars at Irving Central Library, Sat, May 19 10:00a: Volunteers will be available to tutor and assist students in...
ok.. haha. I'll try to sleep here in about 20 minutes.
My typo in my last tweet only further supports its idea
: they too busy for little ole me ; (
Bigasoft DVD Ripper 30144420 - pocket pc pda
Americans actively choose to ignore the education of our children. Instead of paying teachers better salaries we pay actors and athletes.
I'm over it.. Jelly bean Jr is never going to get that 6th ring and will 4ever be in MJ's shadow.
Thanks for the follow, Noah! I noticed the quote, "why do food allergies happen." I hope your right about research.
I want chipotle so bad eek
Happy National Coffee Day! If you're a fan like us, stop by either location for a rich cup of coffee, latte, cappuccino, or mocha!
Welcome to Dribble! I like your work.
thanks bro keep a lookout for when the new stuff comes out gotta lot in store
I WISH!
It is now 11:11pm, and my wish is for you to finally follow me back, lol k bye. ~xoxo
just saying :)
you know some of us can only focus on WiRecall, a little help this time would be nice.
genius!!!! I'll have two please!
Dances with Wolves with Kevin Costner won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1990.
Train is full at Kimball. Wtf?
Spend your weekend at the Galleria at Sunset Mall and don't forget to stop by Pop Stop for a well deserved snack!
Thanks :-) RT : Hi Eva! I'm following you now :-)
Going to start walking over to Blind Dog in a bit. Maybe we can meet up?
successful thesis drinks tonight!
Dear bumpy bus ride, I AM TRYING TO SLEEP.
Jonas brothers on the cover of Good Housekeeping? That's it I give up.
Yeaa haha you should go again it's fun (:
we could trade but I think my customers will make you scared for humanity. They often don't know their own named.
RT : In other news: Looks like coach Luce won't be coaching at purdue next season.
She's a p P L A Y E R, I'll never trust her
"My muthafuckin doctor said I need a doctor, so I called House now I am a pill popper."
I didn't mention that they were both male cats...
Home Bank is a proud sponsor of 'Heels 2 Heals' Charity Event Oct 1st.
you are lame
Went to artist development earlier. Just finished up a photo shoot. Now on to castings!
Not liking the time change -___-
He'd come to the rescue. Just stop breathing so he'll have to give you CPR. And, there ya go. A kiss from the one and only.
Bring the pain!!! RT : Time to bounce back against the Rams this Sunday!!! HTTR
CASTING: 1 Lead Male Actor for a short silent-film. 3-4 EXTRAS will also be needed. Will be filming in & around CSUN campus on the 25th.
I have that app to !
Yesterday's trip to Keeneland racetrack was rewarding. Also had time to visit my ADAMS ancestors at historic Lexington, KY.
Agree! 288 makes Short Pump a hop, skip & jump away!
I hope you had a good time with your sister at the parks. :) Glad I could help you out. x
if i.got embarassed like the boys did i would be pissed off 2
I too have been feeling... merrrrrrrr
Heat playing that D!
but yes good idea!!
How is everybody? Are we doing good?
SO HILARIOUS
I feel like I need to start a packing list.
Half-Time Rec in St. Paul, MN all weekend !! Friday and Saturday double wham-bam !
We're here
I would be into this, for Ann Arbor, MI .
Did not have that experience at Oranger / Overwhelming Colorfast last night. Everyone sounded better than ever.
About to see one of the freshman XXL up coming artist perform
ok too much wonk for me on such a nice day. I'm going to the roof deck to curl up with a nice bottle of prosecco!
you too! Have a great weekend.
I landed on it really hard :'( lmao its w.e it just hurts when I sit on it -.-
First I did something I never thought I would do, I hurt myself physically to take the pain away
I'll try for more Hawaii news. Though that's no guarantee.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I didn't know who Austin was. I was such a foolish child.
Could use a trip to , colors will be changing soon, and some great beards made history there.
RT : Anyone know someone who wants a fish tank? 58gal with black oak stand/light plus Ehiem canister filter, gravel. ~$300
had a wonderful #6v81 discussion on twitter and face to face abt social capital, thanks to and Tom and students.
I screamed thug life then emptied the clip
I wish I could join you. Maybe we can meet up in DC sometime! :-) I enjoy your MuseumMobile site.
one of the best episodes ever
Cosign. RT : Today = good day
send me pic! Doing any good on the turkeys!
here comes the double play for mcgehee
thank you for following us
i have not. should i?
Thank you so much for the mention! Fun plans this week?
"just a notch in a bed post?" "yea, line in a song, type deal" ...that just happened
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence then success is sure
Omg rj berger is coming
Let us not forget about our Blackhawks
ohh so she had a twitter account?
Heading to a Greek island to lay on the beach all day!
You bet. And same to you!
There's shapes, and colours, and smells, and sounds, but whether you feel it or see it, there's nothing comes close to the human face.
so sorry he came thru again
Nah. Sir Charles wasn't good enough to play for Portland. He was also too healthy.
Mmk well I get off at 7...where do you wanna go?
no wonder I never win any $$$$
that i have, shes pretty tizight
SLEEPING ON AND OFF. ITS ONE OF THOSE NITES! :P
I need to learn how to make sushi, because I crave it just about every day
umw a media mobile?
Come see Dark Shadows scripts!
So it's Ash Wed & I am giving up "Road Rage" for Lent. Big fail on way to work - construction & bad drivers. This is going to be tough...
Rip Steve jobs! He seriously was a great and important leader... It's pretty obvious!
maybe tomorrow night? I'll be back hopefully bc I have a final at 8am on Friday.
There is a lot of talent in that one little song!
ha ha still can't believe how big that was
Time out! The churches in NC got security and Kios machines so you can pay. What??? That shit crae
I am usually laying in warm bed full of bacon bits and I am jewish. Shalom.
Up now: "How To Sell Your Big Ideas"
My prank caller<<or ers right noww. Really cool? If you're guna prank call me do it right
My First KeyNote video will be sent your way. :) God is good!!!
If u r from Jamaica,but live esle where and r financially sable, can u plz do something for ur community..
flying back tomorrow night Tehran time!
I ordered it with a PL mount to get it quicker. The Canon mount is back-ordered, but I'll get that someday too.
Ha! They totally should. Give 'em a nice continental breakfast, and they'll stop foraging for food on the railroad tracks. ;)
Google: Native Client for mobile devices still alive: It may look like Google ditched a project to bring its native-programming techn...
This car shopping has made me realize how close to auditioning it is. Looking for something unique, if it isnt yours, it's nothing personal.
When you feel depressed and feel like you cant do anything right, just remember this...you were once the fastest sperm :)
no you're just lazy!
Inventing the question mark.
Off to pick up my kids. Yay, working lights & no potholes between here & school. Thankgoodness for taxes
Lakers step up your game! Get on our level!
To find the rainbow in every storm ya gotta believe
btw i'm finally watching arrested development guys. #5yearslate?
You guys doing the museum thing tonight?
Just took a camera in for a sensor cleaning. Crazy that in nearly 10 years I've been a digital photographer I've never had to do that before
One week to go for the Early Bird rate don't miss out on the savings.
The team at its worst needs to start doing well enough to keep things alive for the team at its best when it gets here.
Enjoy Life, Give Joy, and Be at Peace!
I've been to two Suns games this weekend and I can say with absolute certainty Ced Ceballos is THE MAN.
I literally caught the last metro. Waiting in chinatown for slackers
lol ha just here at work what are you doing??
Much appreciation for your help, Kristi!
using technology just to be contemporary isn't reason enough
He has done it.
I have just been invited on the best date ever: eat pizza, watch movies, and distract the kitten while the boy works? I'm IN.
RT : "Winning your Brand" today at 1pm moderated by w/ our owner, Jennifer Shea,...
$8 in gas, $4 parking, 1.5 hrs in time; and #southwest refuses to repair my bag, even though in LV they said they would. Thanks!
Thank you Lord for today...
!? *bangs head on desk*
Great speech!
We are excited to start the BuyBobNow New Membership Campaign tomorrow 8/9. We're finalizing for morning deployment. Are you on our list?
God your an ass
Celtics had that Metamucil before the game. All spry
Went over the album w/ & I hope yall ready, if not! OH Well!! S/O to
Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending.
I like your top 3 too!
...or . I think needs to investigate the use of Hermione's time-turner.
Hottie Mark Wahlberg's home is on the market. It's only $14 million. It has a gym where he trained for The Fighter.
I KNOW!!
Sign of a new ICONiac- They have no idea what the #PlaidPartyBus was ;)
it better been worth it than
oh and just in case, take your iPod charging cable with you, I might need it lol
any idea when BB Dakota will be back on?
For the first time, because it failed to give up.
tolerance and no excuse to abuse I feel should be a rule hurting others creates a bad chain reaction of ugly, bad and more abuse end abuses
Odd Future- Oldie <U+2764>
I wonder how Vincent's gonna feel seeing the boyz on stage without him...
I can't make tomorrow's presentation.
HUGE second half tonight...real proud of my boys!
I wasnt here since the beginning from shootusdown but I promise that im gonn be here in till the end no matters what happens!!
Lol, I'm So Serious. . .But Imma Text You. :)
im layin down .bout to go ...why yu up
Pres Taylor Moody going to speak to the crowd.
Hope you guys are have the best day ever!!!
Looking through my cookbooks for good recipes using lots of vegetables. Let me know if you have a favorite.
I seen a rainbow... Actually, this morning
What did you eat?
do you have stock in Chipotle?!
Just my opinion.
Thank you for the information and the great seminar today.
Thanks for following! Hopefully we will work together in the future :)
I did... That's why I called...
Dear Mavs, please stop LOSING!
SUPER BOWL PICK: New York Giants +3- Final Score Giants 38 Patriots 27
awesome , what r u doing luvie?
Most excited I've ever been for winter. Bring on ski season! Cold temps and snow coming!
Eh, you know better than to worry about that! Do what you want.
Don't buy into the world's definition of love & romance. Make it a 1 Corinthians 13, Ephesians 5:3 kind of day, & the next 364.
Why am I still awake.
it's been so long since i've seen james baker that he now looks like james baker in old guy makeup :(
#eltonjohn is rockin a purple sequined coat. Sparkles abound!
So..sigh...I have a new Twitter acct. Smh. This one will be gone pretty soon. Come follow ur girl ! RT
I wanna snuggle
Even Tho I Say I Hate Her And Argue With Her. I Miss Her, She Was My FIRST REAL Best Friend . No One Can Bring The Past Back.
Psychology plays a significant role in the music business as well
and let's take this convo off twitter perhaps??
OMG. The conversation these two kids of mine are having. LMAO!!!
Congrats to who was a Random Winner today! You too could be a random winner! All you have to do is tell your friends to follow us
I say AND Scene all the way.
tht would be crazy last opening day no hitter?? bob feller
And it would be fascinating to talk with him over lunch. Next week I'll be in Pauillac while he's in Bordeaux. Bummer.
I'm bout to go crazy!
we have a sub anyway hahaha
yeahh your this granny that goes around hitting people and other things for money
No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut.
Just got the Magic Trackpad. I'm always a little late to the party but I eventually get there. Always love Apple packaging
HIt the gym tonight for the first time in months. Built up quite a sweat! 24 Hour in Pacific Beach needs more fans!
Work is so fucking busy! D:
LOL i like that
When you get there tell RR to get #Weeks out of the leadoff spot.
I can't control the way i'm moving hips Bet you never ever seen me like this I'm a monster on the floor I can't quit
DPLA will foist BBQ upon you
I think if I punched you just once in the face, I'd feel a lot better.
Can I kick it?
Working... checking this cool site out!!
LA is in patented start strong fade late win game mode. GO LA!!!!
HURRY IN FOR OUR 40% OFF SALE!!!!!!
I looked good for nothing! Hahaha.
who do you go to cherokee with
Final 4 - OSU, TX, Kansas, Pitt
Ugh after a two week vacation im not ready for this 0430 workday
...or I'll call my girlfriend if she's not sick or already there.
Peach cobbler!!!!!!!
Good morning metal heads! We've been working on a cover song for your listening pleasure. which one you ask? Come to our next show to see\m/
The rap video was not illegal. A couple of the people in the video were arrested for a shooting.
rush hour* and nothing shakin in my direction lol
Impossible situations can become possible miracles. -Robert H. Schuller
thanks for the #FF!
Just because is over doesn't mean takes a break! Congrats participants for raising $69,620!
I like it <3
heck yeah dude. Finally someone gets it
U need a scorecard that measures temperament and ability to actually get things done. That would show some big differences.
Oh good! So just chill today and take touristy pictures :) Hope it doesn't rain lol
Are you ready? Tomorrow, something really amazing is coming your way. :)
happy til 7pm bud light pint specials all night! 2 for 1 burgers, 2 hours til kickoff! see you here
well I'm too busy giving speeches to my class. So if you're still swimming at like 11 lemme know and I'll be there!
get on Skype.
HUNTER:D
We welcome ALL students. Registration is NOT limited to students @ HBCUs. RT Can any student attend the conference?
: Thomas Jefferson tryed to end slavery in the Declaration of Independence - it was cut. i knew i hated tracked changes.
single release Party Friday for hit single "it ain't nothin" .ft
What's more, federal agency asking us to provide the same services proposed for 30% less than the proposed budget.
Come by
Just ordered a 12 pack of tacos at taco bell! Ate the entire thing!
CRAFTY DEAL: Natty Paint (booth 27) offering 1 silkscreened tee for $24, 2 for $40. Mention this tweet!
Win a 4 hour cruise on the Schooner Mallory Todd in Seattle. The tickets are $20 to support Sailing Heritage Society; Call 206-381-6919
I love so freaking much!!! Their music makes me so happy :) <3
! Looking forward to an amazing game run tomorrow morning! How do u keep poachers from getting the intel?
He's getting grilled because he's restricting the transfer at all. Bilas, Mike & Mike, etc. are saying xfr should be 100% free.
Bill Haley, "Rock Around the Clock" -- 45 rpm vinyl. Don't remember what was on the flip side.
during finals.. is my last week of school, -____-
I was about to give Ty Lawson shit for those orange shoes he keeps wearing - but if he keeps playing like this -keep wearing them...
Hello to all
RT : Maurice Sendak, author of "Where the Wild Things Are," 1928-2012, RIP.
Information overload #dsum12 how to cut through noise
A lot of what are hearing is definitely not hiphop. Starship is an MCHammer move. It doesn't even smell like hiphop.
i know hun i havent really been around...
I can already smell the weird.
yeah. I'm over it. I'll fuck that bitch
thanks !! follow her too ! (:
great meeting u and the fam! We can break bread with u anytime :) see u soon!
for the follow and support Liz keep cheering for you favs on TC check out
Brian plays Violin, wants to learn Cello, likes 1D, his favorite song is Moments, & we like the same stuff. He's my future husband, omfg.
This morning workout is awesome!!!! Jump rope, military jumping jacks, hi-knees, burpees and mountain climbers with a few lunges thrown...
"These are complicated times..." ---Ways to get out of a speeding ticket.
cool, let's rap later.
- me talking bout Tim should not effect nobody ( : * cough cough , Ryan *.
My first #milwaukee #stpatricksdayparade !!
gobbleygooker doesn't count as "he" never had a match. But that was a LAME Thanksgiving surprise they served up in 1990
yyeesss we are :D
Keep on keepin' on.
Zander: *On the phone with Tiffany<3* Yea, Just go to the big light. Me: NO! *Grabs phone* DON'T GO TO THE LIGHT! *gives phone back* okay.
What would it feel like to have a really HAPPY new year of business where you are in the zone, making a difference w smile on ur face?
thanks giving ? mhmm. well i was soo excited to pig out but i wasn't hungry :(
Dont worry:))) im sure you will sometimmee!
Time for bed. Happy snoozing everybody. <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
about what
Wow, that was great! Almost too much to know but lots of good ideas. Moogle is cool! (but I don't want two gradebooks)
RT It's always nice to see my buddies at still getting the love: bit.ly/oFhvVr via <TYJames & Reggie^M>
yay!!! Let us know.
nice way to put hands to gracie.
Girl u better get up outta there
#thatawkwardmomentwhen someone asks you if you just got out of the shower because 'your hair looks wet'
Why would U expect 2 represent Washoe when he wouldn't talk 2 a constituent who had a had a bill in the #nvleg?
Her: I can't use your name for my paper only your age, ethnicity & gender. Me: Just use a well-versed Latino stud that says it all. What?
Finished listening to the 'Ferran' audiobook last night. Takeaway: much of creativity is really just trying everything + keeping good notes.
And now to bath time. Question is, how much time will elapse between bath time and bed time?
Sold a whole lot of books today.
Congratulations, Ted! Has it really been 19 years that you've been staring back at me?!? Here's to many more!
I see I have 982 followers. I am handing out a free PDF to my 1,000th follower!
you better feel my anger...yo behind was going to leave me without a goodbye or nothing hmf!
I always have so much work to do after the kids go to bed. preparing them for bed is half the work.
thank you for reading. hope you were able to take something good away from the experience!
We r located around the corner from CalExpo! Bring in your bib from the #race4thecure and we'll give u 10% off!
he thinks so, too...
I am watching Fashion Star !!! The Finale. Cara the blonde hair chica is really a leader not a follower.very modern very avant guardish
Ready to get this day poppin
although genital warts is not the most pleasant topic to be researching
You got that right.
Some live updates from the gentlemen next to us in the nosebleed section at the Knicks game: "There is no traveling in the NBA"
We're baking little mini muffins and will pack them in containers of two flavors. What two flavors do you think to together?
happy mothers day to my amazing wife and mother!
Thanks for the kind words! We're working on a new album right now that you're sure to love.
So stoked...about to walk in to Death and Company!!!
Finished reading the first book of the fallen series and the first book of the hunger games now I'm on to book two of the fallen series :)
Congrats on the funding-that's really exciting!
Money over everything
I tried to follow u, but twitter won't let me! Hope I didn't do something to offend u!!
"I Dont want her cause she from the corner and i heard that beamer was a loaner".
somebody went that hard at you? Fuuuck
Those pods are actually maxing out on seats - when that happens no new connections will workuntil someone logs off.
thank you! :)
Don't worry, GT Parking will help you find your with a bright yellow envelope!
DAD Victories! Mom moved to Florida with the kids following a guy she met on the Internet, Dad sued, Judge ordered mom to return to Texas!
They were but never been a fan of wearing two teams at once.
REALLY!? Three Snow White movies in the first half of a year....fucking ridiculous
Happy 20th Birthday, Taylor today!
Nice work Broncos...way to take the home opener W
Happy mothers day
cry whenever Niall sings his solo in More Than This. Please, lets take a second and appreciate how beautiful his voice is. <3
Just watched for the first time. Coincidentally, it was a show about grinding your own burgers and making a perfect pub burger.
RT : American Idol is the Comic Sans of music: popular, but no one is entirely sure why
i didnt even go! What r u doing tmw? Im off
Are my dates tax deductible now? NO, REALLY. ARE THEY?
"Y'ALL" ? and go ahead i don't care
Stop by the Metuchen Library Book Sale tomorrow and pick up some good books at GREAT prices! Perfect for winter reading or gifts. Oct 15 9AM
Shaq saying bynum should get more touches...this sounds familiar... Shaq/kobe fued part II
Hooray! Looking forward to it!
I miss you too girl!
t(-_-t) Fuck All Of You
A great assistant coach is only valuable when they make the commitment to the kids
Y the hell am i tweetn like i aint BLACK lol
#nothingfeelsbetterthan bring free of everything.
We have followed!!
Wayy too much drinking last night! Cant say no to the birthday girl... now I can't get out of bed! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
I act like I'm okay at school but i'm really not...</3
Just tapped Pike Post Alley Porter
Thank you - and you're most welcome for us following. Glad to be in touch with you!
Fashion gives me wings
don't get cocky or I'll name Shannon as my fave
If Sarah Palin decided to record an album,someone would make it happen.It's really sad!
We are helping Veterans
How about a stocking stuffer for the homeowner on your list that will save them a fortune on home repairs and improvements. Sound good?
Yeah in Westbrook I miss that!
you are a brave woman!
": When practice is easy I'm pretty sure everyone's in a better mood.."
I feel acomplished
Why is twitter so bi-polar?
Hey bday Diva not feeling well but I'm truly going 2 make a huge effort 2 party w/u. Don't want 2 miss it. Hey
like, don't tell people you're in the same place...then randomly leave...and reapear in her screan! XD
of course some of them will, if they didn't, they would have no chance on any NT, much less his...
Glad to see I'm not the only one awake on this average Saturday morning.
share the herb
Anyone like pop punk anymore? The real kind?
Hey Twitter, I'm eating vanilla ice cream with sea-salted almonds, and it's delicious.
Christmas in April: Mary and Louis Holley - Washington Post
I need to go to bet. NOT TIRED,
Marty B broke his collarbone, out indefinitely:( poor marty!
I think you both should come to Milwaukee for a game.
I have listened to the whole way to New Orleans. This guy is a
#ASHAMED #MAJOR FACE PALM
Thank U
I may be a Nice guy who cares about life school and video games But I'm not weak minded alright Females really do push me too my limits!
is suffering from insomnia.. Please help
"To hell with them fellas. Buzzards gotta eat, same as worms.". Josey MF Wales
I somehow lost like a third of my followers.(thats only like 22 people). And i wonder,"am i that offensive? I must b doing sumthin right!
#IfAfricansHadARealityShow WATERMELONS!!! WATERMELON SHOW!!! ITS NOT RACIST BECAUSE IM HALF-BLACK (KATT WILLIAMS HALF)
Best day at work ever... We're bullshittin' & still getting paid for 10 hours l0l
ugh. Ghost is so dull.
"Call Me Maybe" pandora station surprisingly good.
~loca lol let me know when u come out here so we can chill
A spilled purse when things are already not going right is the worst!
has landed. Thanks to all the journalists in Denmark for such an inspiring workshop, I hope we can do it again soon!
Follow the beautiful for bookings contact | &
Steve Perry is another singer whose vocals can't be duplicated.
"I'm scared of the internet."-Jennifer Lawrence
RT : it was best 4 months ever, no matter which program it is, study abroad will be the best experience & youre...
Lol So Many White Girls There Vadie Describe Here Better Lol QT : what was Dat white girl name from hillwood
Thank you for the #shoutout!
You gonna be in school tomorrow.?
Kinect was advertised on the YouTube homepage, plus on Disney's and Nickelodeon's digital publications.
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot
Feng Shuiii for 2012. Tangerine for Year of the Water Dragon! Oh...
Sittin at work ready to go Sunday is boring
A true gentleman should never take advantage of any lady.<U+2665>
What up cool kids?!? :3
the infamous A320 barking dog. Apparently it's a hydraulic pump.
Friend me on FB: Coach Gary Smith
My #Delicious world is coming to an end. So sad...
I miss talking to you girl!!!
Thanks so much for your RT John - hope all is great with you!
Just saw a sign that said "Dangerous Dog". Why have that? You think the dog isn't going to attack you simply because you feed it?
I dont know if you guys know, but we are
The instructions for filling out Form 1040, which took up two pages 75 years ago, are 179 pages long this year. Insane!
the state of Maryland needs a better power company than
H didn't want 2 eat this morning. Complaining a lot of her stomach hurting. Hate not knowing what it is.
not you too...
hi! Normal reply today.
How many innings will Doc Halladay throw tonight? I'm hoping for a complete game!
Did you run her and her love of fried things out of town?!?
Good Morning #Seattle!! Happy #ThirstyThursday!! Who's ready for the weekend to start already!!
On da east getting high
these boots are made for walkin' and thats just what they will do
Happy anniversary :) Thanks for being so awesome!!
Failure won't ever overtake me if my determination to achieve success is strong enough.
Fantastic! has impeccable taste when it comes to Scottsdale accommodations :)
Happy Pi day, everybody!
Done with work. Time for some food!!!
Berggren tries to disrupt the pass but it gets by him. Payne slams home, two-handed. 39-27 #Spartans over
Today is International Women's Day! Who are the most important women in your life?
Good Day! Hope you are having a great one<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
do tell
so everyone's mad that miranda supposedly turned niall down, but i bet you'd all be just as mad if she said yes.... js
PHI OVER 7 is a winner also CIN ML is looking very nice
The 100th anniversary of Titanic's sinking is this April, and we've got lots planned. Details to come!
I am proud of my 1500 followers... they are all real people that have something good to say! NO ROBOTS!!! God Bless you all and thanks!
Maybe you don't need the whole world to love you. Maybe you just need one person.
and this late... I'm bout to go accept penny's friend request!
that's exactly how I picture it... give or take the spandex.
ohh yeah. what's even stranger though is lil wayne doing a rap on their new album o_0
How much you want to bet Bon Jovi has everyone in that suite in stitches by humming "Livin' on a Prayer" every time Tebow touches the ball?
Okay my work got me so much stuff for my birthday. I love you guys, thanks for the card. It touched my heart.
The suspense at the MUSE Awards is killing me
That doesn't actually look like a redirect. Just saying!
With a hooker? What's with the stack? :-p
I already follow her... is something wrong here or
What to wear. I want a tank.
Yeah she some heat = )
I also enjoyed "Awake" on NBC! Did "Parks & Recreation" get Picked up for a Fifth Season on NBC?
Born Again Faggot = getting your hair done.
Athens is so close I can taste it, and it tastes like mango bombs
timeline? i hate it. let's revolt lol
Should NM aim for the Solar Decathlon to bring everyone together + raise our profile?
enjoy that time! It's fleeting and so sweet!
yeah your little red headed fire crotchrocket... Just kidding man it hurt like a bitch though
Great Easter Sunday in Afghanistan. Dinner at the DFAC was ok, but I need them to work on those sweet potatoes. They were pretty bad. :-/
there's a gym in my condo, errmorning workout baby
Happy Nurses Week!
dumb hoe I texted you 2x last time and did I get a respond? No!! And nope im at work till 1a... Are you?
oh aye, we're gonna need a bigger boat.
Wake up, 38 degrees. Tomorrow, 70 degrees.
Heading to OSSPEAC tomorrow thru Tues - ASHA in November - Clark County (NV) vendor fair in Dec
shooting habitat video today! Thanks Catral Doyle Creative, stay tuned
Twitter can also be useful before, during, and after a conference, when following via the conference hashtag.
Rudnitsky holds to take a 6-5 third-set lead over Markel. Four-point swing in the team standings on the line in this match.
why did #Yelp put my small business on the hit list? Why does YELP filter out EVERY REVIEW my business gets?
::::Nobody can replace Me simple as that#Not Cocky at all:-)
i cant find it the sheet of paper with instructions..great >.<
hey what up anna :)
New C.K.S.C. logo embroidered Polo shirts coming soon! $35. Pre-order yours today!
Iv hit the wall now
duel race today at daytona!!! hope kevin win and grab the number 3 spot :)
Everyday I wake up I want a different bitch
Auto-pilot mode: ON
When you see jake fulton look-a-likes and you call them cute.... You are technically calling him cute...
This Hunger Games CD>>>
It is not the years in your life but the life in your years that counts. - Adlai Stevenson
The DeWitt Law Firm - Orlando Divorce Attorneys recently published an article regarding divorce in a down economy on Divorce.com
A smile from Buck.. "Yea that was fun"
U get the beet of both worlds.
Thanks for the "likes" fans! Have a great weekend!
FUN. WED, JUNE 13 @ DELUXE AT OLD NATIONAL CENTRE. TIX ON SALE FRI, MAR 2 @ NOON : Where and when will Fun be playing?
non-places
you have to be worried tho. Terrible goaltending has cast scary shadow. Go rest of the field. Please.
I addicted to the pops
It is really the 'American Dream' bastardized--large house w yard/two cars--that induces a feeling of poverty.
I am too bored to check my timeline.
Sweet baby Jesus
have a good trip back to Bmore. Looking forward to catching up.
I Need help naming the album! Everybody send me your tweet..should it be 'Authenticity' or 'Unworthy Me'.
I'm really sorry to hear that! I'm also sending both of you good thoughts!!
feel sick
could you tweet a nip slip please???
LOLL it was brilliant. I like this quote even better.
iTell you that you smell so sweet, then you get on top of me...
Yep! RT : Is Facebook turning into Myspace?
I heard the fireworks going off. Did the Padres win? I was surprised I could hear them. Used to live in Pt. Loma... cld see SeaWld fireworks
This just in: 12 piece assorted gift boxes from Swedish chocolatier Fika Choklad.
RT : Getting pumped for our performance on tonight!
girl I don't listen to that music anymore..much as I used to love Trey Songs' music..I listen to stuff that glorifies my Maker.
good morn. :) yeah it's coming. Just been home in mich and not online. I tried to make it worth the wait though. Lol
#FF Smart, cool people doing smart, cool things: and
How long can you stay in the bad part of the Internet before BECOMING the bad part of the Internet?
Turbo kick time!
whats up? i haven't talked with you in like forevezz
Lolol it's fine. :p Thank you!! :)
Nigga, who are you.
Enjoy some of our new tunes on this gray Saturday night!
writing a song wbu
#backintheday when Boss jeans were hot!
Happy Birthday bbyboy <3 <3 Hope to see you again soon ;-***
The Daytona 500 might be rain delayed for a few days, but when it happens will win it
Easter: The day Jesus slapped YOLO in the face -- Sheraz Ali ()
Thx for the #ff You're the best!
Have you noticed the change to the LinkedIn groups? You can now "view stats", and look for group members at a specific seniority level wit…
The Franklin Institute
me just joking I miss you too thou
Is there any meetup/tweetup in Hawaii?
“: its totaly okay i understand.(: ad sadly no i wish i was.:(” aw, bummer. I'll have someone film it though
Each Positive Tomorrows student has a volunteer tutor to mentor them and help with school work! If you want to be a tutor, let us know!
And here comes the sinus trouble :/ Time for another round of Dillen's Home Remedies.
#Omg I really #need to get #cable. #ENDOF STORY Cereal Bowles
you wont regret that..easily the best wings in pdx!
S/O to my new followers!!! Moreeople to eat me now!
good afternoon STRANGER!
RT #follow my music blog
“ “ Sexual Frustration <””
Wow, Roy got the clown suit. Good job by Self.
: have you read Highway Robbery
Think Romney might be too soft for GOP voters this year. Think Gingrich might have too much baggage for general election voters. Crazy.
Jorge Posada is one of the few hitters in MLB who doesn't wear batting gloves. His secret to keeping his hands tough? He urinates on them.
that's sup
Nobody, as long as he moves about among the chaotic currents of life, is without trouble.
its bosh's fault for being a sissy
roommate jammin to MY music
Submitted book chapter draft to editors. Hope they don't tear it apart too much.
my mom just mailed you a check but address is 718 Holland Heights NOT 715 as listed when you mail it out. Sorry about that!
Thank you! Happy Easter to you, too! And congraddies!
yeah, but I'm saying even next week we will not know who ends up dying & not coming back next season. I highly doubt it's Derek
This just in the so called experts predicting "rapture" today r nothing more than the work of devil trying to make real christians look dumb
hope this works because i am #testingtwog number 3
I can't wait for Christmas. What other time of the year can you sit around a dead tree and eat candy out of socks?
Days like these <
I date.... I just don't date every girl I see lol
Oh yeah ! Ok, so if you come to Disney at some point...we must meet up! I would LOVE that!
Not planning on it, and love you, too! I'll be back at school Monday and I'm on meds now.
there ya go Ollie.......they got one for ya!!!!
Do you know that our soul is composed of harmony? -Leonardo DaVinci
And this is why we are friends.
Good luck to Towson women's lax this weekend against Penn State.
At the most amazing 3 day writing workshop! I feel like such a productive adult right now! Well that & every1 is approx 20 yrs older than me
Time flyin dumb fast today.. its already 1pm -____-
You shooting the rap video? I'm in.
it will not turn until safe districts are made more competitive. My rant.
looking forward to your comic!
Your welcome. It just changed.
A few keepers and a lot of stinkers at the Park Ave Armory show last night
Thanks for the follow. Party on, Pittsburgh!
Q3) the willingness of stakeholders to break from tradition and the ADDIE model :-) lol
And even later in 1st half Dan knapp receives a gift on a blocked kick and takes it in for a try. Conversion good. Score 13-8.
you're a good hippie then!!! I still don't know why you're a hippie haha
So im sitting here with a beach view enjoying the life that god gave me, the ocean air is amazin........my mom and alriel are knocked out...
Something simple: fuck that
best veggies to throw on the grill for dinner tonight...with chix
I would sleep under the stars with you.
cool video!!!!
LOL at this guy giving me attitude at Kessler & Sons. Bitch I'm just trying to get my instrument fixed, get the fuck out!
epic win? hows the football thing going?
The day goes so much better when you have enough sleep!
Cast of Bridesmaids is looking hot. Hope they get some photos in now before the Scorsese drinking game gets to them.
« damn rite»
you rock my world thanks for helping a sista out!
I've been yelling at the TV all night. Don't think my LA neighbors appreciate #Bulls / #Blackhawks fans
There is a statute of limitations. Or rather, the opposite of. You cannot root for that person until one entire year has passed. F this.
"Pie & Coffee" tonight from 8-9!
Going to watch the movie , the killer , let's see
Another day of fielding questions and fueling speculation...oh joy! Excited for the opportunity that is presenting itself either way.
I'll be planning your gift!
Did you see our dog getting blueberry facial from ? RT : Loving it!!
o my god i love tht song
R.I.P Ryan Dunn
RT : As long as you keep a person down a part of you has to be down there too it means you cannot soar as you otherwise might.
The person who started the TT - #provably should PROBABLY go back to grade school smh
You're forgetting that Theo made the decision to abandon the team and a contract, then screw them with "compensation."
#ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies Stand in long ass lines because the white family taking too long to order some damn popcorn.
FC Dallas organized in the back close down an opportunity
Also there's a rumor will be in Springfield the ninth. Can anyone confirm this?
I've actually thought about that. It was an isolated incident, but I still think about it.
went to the magic castle. old lady clearly looked down to me as an obvious "guest passer."
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card teams that need to win immediately Kobe is only getting older!!
you just jealous cause I am tan AF (;
Your tweet makes me sad.
I correct ppl with their english just to annoy thm and thn I realize how annoying it really is when my bestie corrects my pronunciation<3
Church was..... Rather interesting.
I saw you look away Is what you've seen too much to take Or are you blind and seeing nothing?
Love when you waited for so long, and you were there for them through everything, they leave... cool
Puddle of Mudd tomorrow night at Bogart's. Show is almost sold out only a handful of tickets still available.
well good thing you didn't! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>you need to make a statement that women aren't just good looks, they have brains too!
Have events that you want highlighted on the #Carmel Daily? Message us the info!
Took a 3 hour nap... Guess I should prepare to be up all night...
pretty cool...right?
Happy birthday HUN :)
oh, it's NBC Sports. Never heard of that channel. But I don't have it.
Our bus has seatbelts... New safety cx
Why'd the Grizzlies and Clippers have to face each other in the first round? Bump the Lakers and give us Thunder/Grizz in Round 2!
power just went out
Valerie Cassel Oliver and will give a talk at the official opening of #CinemaRemixed&Reloaded as part of the #HAVBiennial on...
And now for Overtime
Tempted to take a cooking class. Wondering if Andy would come too.
Headache from hell
Thanks for the share! xo
you only like them for them looks and btw the "carrots" thing is so last year hun.
MTV posted on their website about that casting but there was another email address so I re-sent my info to that one!
thank you for following us on the cloudy Friday in Atlanta.
thanks! Hope you a fantastic thanksgiving!
Any seeming deception in a statement is costly, not only in the expense of the advertising but in the detrimental effect produced upon the …
That's why he be on the pirates you know cuz he spend 30 racks in zumiez
Journalism, you're doing it wrong. “: Can you call KIRO please 728 8308”
Excited For New Jonas Album 38
haha lucky you
I asked if she had lotion and she looked at me like what did you just ask me
Housing finance changes likely to mean less government backing for some buyers
thanks for the #FF mention :)
"They say you aint Grinding until you Tired ... So I'm Grinding with my eyes WIDE !" - Lil Wayne ..
i can't tell
is it true is getting fined?
Thank you for your comment/opinion!!
dont be a clown like me
Sunday brunch party @ 3pm today at Diva!
has the biggest heart ever <3 love you xo
eli needs to get it together
#LakeShow all day
You gotta really love your man to ride on the back of his motorcycle from LA to the Bay!
The stoner Qwikster kid is apparently giving Netflix movie recs now, and they're the shyt:
Keep me posted
This audience is dead!!!!!!
that doest sound very rock n roll ;)
#FF Thanks for a funny week, guys. We!
follow back ? Pweeeeaasee !
when someone says "look but don't make it obvious" and you turn your head right away..you're giving it away
Goodnight everybody love you all <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+2764>
FRESH NEW START!! GOIN NEW PLACES MEETING NEW FREINDS!!! OUT WIT THE OLD IN WITH THE NEW!!
Credit Enters a Lockdown :
IMHO it is. Goes back to why PD, why now? Was she scared her dx would impact her brand?
Game time thought. I am pissed that I not only went to that Opening Day travesty, but also did not get a schedule pen!
Its been a long time i haven't tweeted!!
Good morning!
Pig & Fiddle. starving after escaping the mall - beer was great, dinner ok. Other patrons are loud & flirty mid-life crises.
Ur opponents assume u can only b 1 thing, that u are only capable of degenerate methods, until u switch the game up & they all wondering...
are you both of Texan stock? So much Texas in DH. It's like marching band members out here
lol u right its a different world in cali, his convo was just outta control lol
First time on twitter in a while; using my new iPhone 4s. Love this thing.
nice pic. I see you stopped following me. Lol. What I do?
will pass it along and glad to check it out! Thanks for posting!
of course you are free to your opinion, but it is very revealing. No further comments from me on it, sis.
Current residents get first dibs...so talk to management today to get set up for next year!
Pokemon > anything else
"If it screams, it's not food... yet."
he stole home, hence making it one of the dumbest HBP ever. good thing the Phils scored more run or it would have been dumb
I heard Squeeze on Rokkus the other day and it made me think 1) I love Squeeze 2) Next time they come to SF no way I'm not seeing them
Canceling your Friday night plans with your boyfriend to work on your thesis makes for a really shitty start to the weekend.
thank you!
GOOD MORNING WARRIORS!!!!
Bout to get off. I hate my job
Love it! Wayne is on top of every animal issue! We do have a duty to treat animals well!
Going through my American life as though California didn't exist.
You know you're in love when you don't want to fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
jeez - seems like the mariner held serve in like 2 seconds.
Now or ever, Landon wins. It's irrelevant. RT : hey, help me out is the #LDvCD discussion about now or ever??
In Richmond today; just checked out the #HistoryMobile -- pretty cool!
I know that God thought of me, when he made him.
Today is ma born day but err one needs to be at ma TAURUS BIRTHDAY BASH.......THIS SATURDAY @ 425 RIVER ST `CLUB PLATINUM rochster ny
yes I do....y did u go home early in art today???
It's a beautiful day for a soccer game. At the Moten vs. Burrville game
Worth noting to all the people who were worried about Jim Berkland's prediction that it didn't come true ... WHAT COULD THIS MEAN?!
Don't totally agree w/ whistle blowers but I think the lengths the gvrnmt is going 2 stop them certainly raises red flags
This xtra long home room can go fuck itself
I'm done
If all our followers retweeted this and got somebody else to follow us, that would make me a happy kitty.
Hallucinogens wanted LSD in LA dealers message me
Out recruiting. RT “: so you wore a Giants jersey to ATL when they aren't even playing?? #badform”
u so should then add me :)
What "ouch"? I LOVE clipart!!!
It's confusing. Praying for you to make the best decision possible for you.
Haven't been tweeting as much about
why yes, you may. we'll send you some via parachute. cc:
How Are All My Favorite Ppl Doin!!! (:
Whoa. From 2011 to 2012, author submissions to the WI Book Fest almost doubled. We're amazed. (And can't wait to start reading...)
T2: Perhaps the type of data ACOs share with HIEs will be less/different than what they collect/analyze.
Check out Events www.whatsfunnylive.com
Driving to Ocala .. Missing cinco de mayo.. Lame.. But I'll make up for it lol
Well, sadly, we hadn't launched yet... But so glad to know you are not lonely anymore!!! ;) (But tell your single friends!!)
I'd give up Qdoba, wait that would be easy. I've give up Chipotle to
Lori, this is the most creative way we have ever seen people wear a funders and founders t-shirt. You are a real trendsetter
Thanks for the shout out. Have a great day
"I imagine that yes is the only living thing." - E. E. Cummings
you would make my day if u tweeted me :)
All theses bandwagon nd dumb heat fans are funny af but owell it is what it is lol
RT "True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future."
#oomf better come see me sometime soon or else...
Thank You :)
Happy 21st Birthday T Force!
About to cut some FIBs.
RT : Sorry bt Drakes version of "Fall for Your Type" is so much stronger! Come on Jamie F., I expected mor.....
"Oil Can Boyd could take a shower in a garden hose." - Bill Spaceman Lee
okay. but enough with the milkshake baby ... LEMME HEAR YO' VOICE. sing <3
Welp, that's it for S5. Frankly, I wanted more. BUT, at least CB are finally reunited, D is villainous, Serena is a skank.
See you soon! RT : Do get to see play tonight #fireworks and postgame
I am exhausted
Thanks to everyone who visited our booth at #HIMSS12 ! We look forward to continuing the conversation!
that must also mean you don't yet follow ?
It's like highschool between my Facebook and twitter. Neither will speak to each other and I'm in the middle
Arrgh, I'm so frustrated. First, I have to write this tax check, now this extra bs! Unfair. I want a Cinnabon.
#AskBieber #mtvnews What inspired you for believe.. what inspires you in general?
put on some clothes
it depends where ppl r living too if I was from mid west I would rip on nasty red necks lmao
I responded to the Morris incident by buying $20 worth of G.S. cookies immediately. Digital literacy is more lasting.
You always subtweet . Why can't I
he says, "Justin Bieber has my hair." :-)
I had to sell my halo to Cash4Gold, So I blame the economy for my attitude....
I will pray for you
for real Pan Dulce. I just bought two today. If I win, I'll give you a million.
It's certainly worth making an effort! Of course having sunny weather sure doesn't hurt!
damn. I thought y'all would been there by now
Hey Tom Tiffy here :) I hope u are having a gr8 day so far! Much <3 always. P.S Please come to Buffalo Ny soon ok.
My goodness. And now we've lost Donna Summer to cancer. So sad!
All my shows having their season finales means I'm that much closer to buying them on DVD so I can watch what I've missed.
DM me & will send u a promo code to my game...it's fun!! You won't be bored!!
David Stern forced by owners 2 block is Collusion, a lawsuit coming, CP3 can opt out & still go to L.A. w/hornets gett'n nothing.
TGIF!!! It's supposed to b 80 degrees this weekend!!!
You too? lol
i am reaching out to want to talk to whoever owns that radio station. can you have them contact me please?
Happy birthday Danny helms!<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
im Quitting ;)
Dance Moms, really? Reality shows have me almost convinced that there is nothing redeemable about human beings.
Season's Tweetings: Some people look good in a Santa hat. Notice the word “you” is not in that sentence.
Glad you enjoyed it! RT : Thank you -a fabulous evening at Riverbend with #XU Alumni and the Pops
What It Is Miss Mykie,Love Ya Work Baby Gurl...Keep Dewin Ya Thang
Good Morning Utah! It's going to be a Fantastic Day!
yoou just have to keep trying and never give up xo
Im bored as fuck
Linkin Park on iTunes festival today-- sweet!
YO #UMW. Sammy D. Eagle will be bopping around campus collecting donations for Relay for Life, make sure you stop and give him a dime or 2!
Nice! I erred in the other direction. Had to buy a black t-shirt to replace my tux shirt so I could be in all black.
Thank you all so much
Ricky wants to be a good influence to me all of a sudden lol
Can you get my mom to FaceTime me?!?!?
twitter is bein stupid right now so goodnight:]
Of course I picked Viola Davis, the pride of Rhode Island.
yea and us beliebers don't 'play' on the god damned club penguin
I did It and I'm doing it everyday ! :) <3
Will our #baltimore councilmembers would promote "5 minute living" and better quality of life? #completestreets & #bikelanes help too!
Man on my flight is a cross between justin timberlake and matthew gray gubler Im in LOVE
I need to start running again...took 5 days off
We had a fantastic live show this morning! Were YOU watching?
umm...you were in Nashville and didn't call me??? :)
Senior Day for Andrew Larkin, Sam Weiss, and Miles Cole. Final round of our 2012 season....
'Abdu'l-Bahá retires for the evening. Tomorrow will attend a meeting of the New York Peace Society. Stay tuned!
One does not simply stay on the internet for just five minutes .
": hi unc how u been" I'm good, chilling wit a blunt! How about u?
Looks like im already done lining up Bands that will play at Jonathan's in Newton weekly. :) Some good cover bands and solo acts.
It's getting kinda dark out there...
POOL TIME!
What's happen twitter world iam back!
RT "What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly." ~ Viola Davis
Yes Meekeeeez......I'm sittin up here getting my plans together now. Haha!ill be there Saturday night. iThink
Do playwriting programs offer course called "Discover Your Ending"? Maybe they should!
Hey yall whats been going on lately
Any of my knoxville peeps that have Verizon, we're giving away a $100 gift card with any upgrade or activation here at #hhgregg clinton hwy
WOOHOO!! RT : Fun photoshoot with Good times can't wait to see the photos! Thank u :)
you are my life! your my superluv! I have been watching ever since fred is dead! you are MY EVERYTHING! your sexy too ;)
at the mall gonna do some #DocterStalker on some really hot guys with Nicole ;)! OHHHYAAA!!!
carlos! u crazy man! wasn't that bad! crickets tasted like sunflower seeds
Buffalo Bills getting serious national love for their draft-
I seem to be having some problems accessing my Tropo-powered apps, and the application debugger. Anything to be concerned about?
sweet Brewers hat!
I salute the inventor of chocolate covered espresso beans.
Time to get out!
Contract seems long, man. I worry about Ersan getting PT, and I feel like this definitely means we have some rooks in the D-Lg
Seeking to interview atlanta area brides (recently married counts) using innovative ways to save on wedding gown. Email:
I will be looking forward to the kazoo solo in STL!
good riddance Viqeens to Los Angeles hello Rams
Hopefully they will take a chance
cooling wut up doe
Contentment is a powerful motivator. Now I want to get ready to make it all happen again next week--tomorrow.
Just got trapped in the elevator and none of the buttons worked and I saw my life flash before me.
Rainy Nights Like This Wish I Cuddled With Someone And Watch A Movie Instead Of Being Cuddled With My Blanket , & In The Dark. <3
I love art I live art
Why do I feel like that guy from 's "Sweet Genius" is going to kill me in my sleep?
Wish my friends would actually support me.
just chill! Be strong in who you are!! Kick 'em to the curb for being too harsh!!
RT : Krystle's being all magical as she taliks to her pumpkin telling him to move
what's wrong with it?
anyone got extra tickets to wango tango? hmu (:
So excited for 80's/90's event at GOLD - Details soon.
he better. "treat yo self two thahsnleven"
holy fuck i just died laughing cause i google imaged Bill Cosby. hahahahahahahaha
The reason people don't change is because people don't let them change.
Okay, seriously? We should bottle that aroma (and use it as a weapon) ... LOL ...
Wish you were on yo way!!
just curious: why are you forgoing page images altogether? couldn't they at least be useful additions?
Here's t boredom!
what can I do to become the 45th person you follow? It would be an honor.
thank you!
MENTION THIS TWEET TO RECEIVE 35% OFF MAKEUP SERVICES THROUGH MONDAY! HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!!!
black people can blush?
GROSS RT : Would you be willing to take an injectable drug to get an instant tan? #Melanotan on
One last exam tomorrow then back to Chicago for break. Always good to go home and see close friends getting weird . . .
my teacher gives us work that she never tought!!
I still can't believe that it is almost February!
for filing payroll taxes of their clients’ employees and, in the process, reduce the amount of burdensome paperwork for small businesses.
Thanks Senate. You're the best.
how's everybody doing today?? pretty hot here in NYC still, gonna stay indoors for sure..
plain Jane
Many of the world's best artists were Italian. Leonardo, Michelangelo, Donatello, Raphael … heroes in a half-shell, TURTLE POWER.
The only thing that gets me through a workout is imaging being REALLY good at karaoke. Or on Broadway.
lost 0.8 pounds since his last weigh-in! He's lost 21.8 pounds so far.
I miss Amsterdam
...age and started thinking in broader terms. He didn't come from old wealth, his family was upper middle class. He realized he...
I don't need anger management. People just need to stop being so stupid
I never realized how badly the projector in this room mangles the picture until watching 's video.
Some love lasts a lifetime. True love lasts forever. BE My Valentine
don't ya think that would be a awesome album cover
Ah....hello Monday..
Have a great game today mate!
Q4 Not willing to move. That's me. Outside of NY=me being unhappy. I really feel for unemployed NYC MLS holders.
u better follow me now lol
What's got 27 new videos in its Hiphop, Soul and Pop channels? The independentvideochannel.com ...Enjoy!
Ah! Why the hell are you making us sit on the floor. -_-
Great to see Jordan Caron having an impact after a couple years of being on the Providence shuttle
Baltimore! What awesome local shows do you know about? Open mics? Let us know! And, thanks again to L.A.C.E. Magazine for the plug!
Just registered for We. So. Excited.
that's nice.
Hey Is your church in Phoenix. Looking a place to send a family
I ball so hard... I tear my
fair enough & was a mustache away from being balboni, too!
Thanks in large part to 's time and diligence, we'll be signing final papers on Friday and homeowners shortly thereafter!
Those people on the "life after meth" posters look pretty successful if thats not a reason to do meth idk what is!
such a busy weekend,i became so tired,i want my Monday off.
it's not enough to imagine! Darn the phone battery, I love your drunken tweets!
Happy birthday !
RIP Christopher Wallace..AKA BIGGIE, AKA B.I.G, AKA BIGGIE SMALLS. YOU DEFINITELY REPRESENT
Xaphoon jones is a genius
Norah Jones is coming to Milwaukee in October. I'm going to see her. I'm going to ask her to marry me. Is she still married? Doesn't matter.
12 and a half days of school left, SUMMER.<3
I hate situations like these and I always happen to go through them
If you don't know who Alex, Robert, Tyler, Zach, Frankie, Dave, Michele, Romo, or Angel are, then please, do not call yourself a Mahomie.
Wishing 6 hours really only meant 6 minutes.
thank you. That's good to know
tell that to her!! Hahaha it was soo funny!
If they can replace the entirety of a woman's breasts in a film digitally, there is a chance this could be photoshopped.
What the fuck was Justin bieber doing at that fight
really? How come? I totally wanted to see it :/ i love Edward Scissorhands as well! Total classic.
heck yea! Lol
I was going to but naah not anymore! Just gonna be like me, mom, sister, gma, Kiona, Randi, and who else knows! :ojfbdxn LOL
RT : How to terrify your cow: Tell her that McDonalds has sold about as many Hamburgers as there are Stars in our Milky Way galaxy
your beast (:!!!! you got justin bieber planking!!!!! lol (: godbless you
Hi Roberta. Any idea when you will be at the expo? It's at a diff location this year.
So tired of school.... And I start college next year... Great... More school...
Never.Give.Up
I see lightning!!!
sucks your not here, man. Think you can make later?
lol I promise if u like m.i.a u should like her.
Thanks for the mention. Keep up the good work. Really informative tweets.
People always tell me that Austin's perfect personality is all just an act. NO IT'S NOT. He actually cares about us & that's why I love him.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power
Yes! That is my problem as well. On our cruise the lady in the spa wanted me to buy something w/out sal. acid but too pricey!
Alright, I think I'm gonna be out in a few.
Gotta hit up my main bitch to get more Drake songs I ain't even heard of .
Police blocked off 15th below G this evening. It was a perfect, traffic free street crossing
Whatever it is that you're doin, do it big and do it good. Extra good like cudi
A #ff shoutout to who finally jumped onto Twitter! Athlete, u of oregon grad and flipping awesome guy!
Feh. If you want something to stay unannounced until things are confirmed, DON'T TELL ANYONE, MARIA.
don't worry, its early in the season, still plenty of time to sign you up for an #ironman too ;) Good luck with
Listen to Van Halen...
Ahh it was so good!! I loved it!!!!! You're such an amazing writer seriously. I was like dying
I get it. ;) RT : When waiting for an app to be installed on her mother's iPhone, my daughter declares "Seconds are too long."
#whyrelationshipsdontlast Our society is to blame
Here by the Washington Monument! Next to the stage, off Independence Ave and 15th Street
The Planet Water Foundation water tank is up and running! ttp://twitpic.com/2es64u
Love your ebook! Just starting with private practice; worried about family insurance & startup cash.Big dreams!
300 followers but I bet 10 actually car about what I have to say....FUCK YEA :D
Lick my center of gravity
No, he didn't.
I was peaceful like a Buddhist, But then folks came and screwed it up like Judas... KNAAN
Have u seen the book Red Harvest it about jedi battleing the undead zombies in the star wars universe
Straight up elbow on alfredson
Just finished working out with . Awesome
RT You're not supposed to look back, you're supposed to keep going.
yes... now I am heading out to lunch :) food
that's messed up lol
thanks girl! I just got emotional lol
agreed but I look at IU as a rewarding warmup for a tough Baylor matchup.
Mavs-Thunder Game 5 tickets on sale at 10 a.m. Saturday. Mavs.com, 214.747.MAVS and American Airlines Center Box Office.
Kirko Bangz -Drank In My Cup
took me a minute to figure out why students were tweeting about something called #LDOC. Duh.
The giants have figured wolf out the third time around
Year-end tax strategies that, if implemented before a taxpayer’s liability is finalized, could make a significant difference. Contact Us.
We're glad you are here, Preston! RT : #DBUalum serving in the Office of
The real da Vinci code: Louvre unlocks last work
Before Steve Blake was making big Game 7 shots, he was out mugging people in the back alleys of LA
McDaniel bound to DJ Winter Formal 2011
The Town Car is powered by a 4.6 Liter V8 that produces 239 horsepower and 287 lb.-feet of torque
Ordering extra pickles @ Roscoe diner. They're great!
#FF new #design agency about to do big things!
I can't believe you are not the mayor yet haha :) or are you?
who cares, she's an eternal screwup and hopefully one day she will grow up and be a mother to her son
Move over George Clooney, Mark Bouris can put his slippers under my bed any day!
follow back(: you know u wanna(;
Watching Roseanne's Nuts. I must say I fuckin love this woman !!
Check out the newest promo for #thenewrsoom! Looks amazing!
[ Favorite ] if your AVi is really you... Don't lie e_e
": Love that people are tweeting about their First Concert experience using the #140cuse tag. Check out from !"
so what is yo name
Seeing my friend Arlena perform in My Dark Side of the Moon at Next Stage Theater.
Looking for a KML file or a Shapefile? The dataset is pretty big, so it's taking a while for our system to generate the file.
these unsalted almonds are actually pretty god damn good.
My team won the championship! Yeah Scorpions:)
glad to hear it :) love you too babe
Dose any1 know how to get in contact with meek millz camp I need a jalil beet
NFL nike jerseys so fresh
I feel like I'm judgmental as fuck but this is very true regardless
You're welcome!! What lens do you use? And you too! :) hopefully I'll see you soon!
Thank you so much. I am glad, too.
I'm sure this extended scene of him driving to work and buying gas is leading into something!
Many people might think this idea is wrong-but if you CHEAT on me you can say bye for good, and bye-bye to your kids too. You chose it. lol
OMG! #SaySomethin IS AMAZING! I absolutely love it! I can feel an addiction coming on! <3
"I didn't know your son was that young"- George Zimmerman. What does that mean!?
You got your guards up, I do too. There's things we might discover, cause you got a past and I do too. We're perfect for each other.
Something like that. His response to questions about it was boggling. Wonder if Pedroia will defend him....
no. I know I'm awesome :D
I will sadly give up seeing you this summer for you to stay in Australia for a while longer. Just want u to be happy.
I accidentally spilled a cup of OAuth tokens on it.
RT ": I look forward to voting for Barrett on June 5th to defeat Scott Walker. #UNITY"
"You constantly have to be pivoting." - Lizbeth Cardozo on overcoming digital challenges in the Start-Up World.
I really should stop snacking at my desk. My work area got attacked by ants over the weekend.
Just used to contribute funds to 's birthday party. It's like a mini kickstarter for events. Great idea
I will take your word on that! Lol
“: sis don't fwm”I CALLED AND TEXTED U BRO, no reply no answer
Will do! Thanks
OMG DID YOU COVER IT?!?!? omg
Satire comes in many flavors. Happy green eggs and birthday cake to Laraine Newman, Tom Wolfe and Dr. Seuss today.
wats up to my followers n shout out to my new 1s
Ouchyyy . but still think positive . ^-^ lol Aaron is growing up so fast :') lololololol
Junior better be player of the game he saved their ass tonight
No surprise here... RT Decisions get made 25% faster when people TALK rather than when an email chain goes on and on...
Hodads is now at Petco Park!? Epic
You're learning, young padawan.
Don't forget about our information session Sunday night at 8pm in MGC 200. We hope to see you there!
Thanks 4 the note 2day ! Hope the in Chi is treating u well 2night! Sipping some in South Flo!
WELL alrighty then
Come on Sens. Take down the Rangers tomorrow thus setting up Caps Flyers rd2. Keep hope alive for a Caps Kings SCF aka a 7vs8 final.
sunset junction this weekend!
"..Those who deny individual rights cannot claim to be defenders of minorities."~Ayn Rand #Quote MT |
Biz Dev Sunday.
Have you thanked a soldier lately? You can start w/one of our own - Sensei Steve! Today marks his 2 year anniversary w/ the Nat'l Guard!
that's my background on my phone :) hehehe
It's official. I'm in the line up of Naperville Jazz Festival on June 18th. Woohooo
...he clearly falls a few inches short n iz far lighter than expected "far !" lighter
Pakistani journalist : Salmaan Taseer murder "almost inevitable" result of sensationalist media campaign.
I am gonna call it a night already my eyes are shutting & i got a headache! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Resident Evil:Retribution will be released on September 14th 2012
turkey, squash, wild rice & raspberries! #DriscollsMoments I can't take it anymore taste buds gonna explode!!!
who the he'll do you think you are. ha kbye
Does anybody know why the #Mac #terminal highlights text with black after an #ssh connection is lost and how to change this behavior?
We know that romance brings out the beast in you.
get'r done sister! “: the notion that Native Amers r from a "lost" tribe..no thx We're all good &from here thank ya
Cold side of the pillow >>>
The three most POWERFUL words any female can tell a guy: "I'm bi-curious"
Sounds like a great idea. Definitley interested.
but it's Monday!
....god luck with that lie - Yikes
Great webinar today. I was able to attend the first 45min, looks like a great tool!
RT If you LOVE :)
omg what?! Are you ok?! Twice? Today has been CURSED......
yes sir most definitely! Be back in the states tomorrow.
Tryna see what to do this weekend
RT : Thanks for the follow My GonBops are 25 years old. Like old friends. They play fantastically and look grt.
Sorry, Jen. Gonna have to stay loyal to my man :-)
you got the mother load you got the stuff i like every time Im with u babe i just get cite
If I ever include in a tweet "RT if you" or any variation of this, feel free to unfollow me. I'd deserve it. And this tweet doesn't count.
I would love to make a song with u!!! Your voice is incredible!! I was on youtube listening 4 a hour mesmorized by it!! <3
Gonna go eat sushi wit and laters tody tho.comin wit a new mix soon either spooky or xmas mix
YW! RT Thanks for the info ! I think we'll drive; figured lot would be full by now. Gotta pay our respects to
hahaha seriously becuase what I was about to type would have been foul, dirty and ranchet LMAOO
Queen City Grill..happy hour til 6:30! ! Check Urbanspoon for flash specials and daily discounts!!!
I did. I've been very confused by that. Nothing the NBA does ever seems to make much sense.
Yes.:D Why?
big bowl of creamofwheat!!
last night was a good timee (:
At work, kinda bored guess that means I'm caught up?
PDX Peeps: Best outdoor happy hour in Portland?!? Thoughts?
Great point -- thanks!
"I saw that all nature is chivalrous and militant. We do wrong to see peace in nature; we should rather seek..
Being in the ER with my babygirl is not how i planned my early morning to go
I love digital April Fool's Day jokes -
#SometimesIGetSickOf Fake Friends
Also finding the screenshots from #usesforwhitespace meme that's started to be quite funny.
Dope ppl united ;)
I was under impression the entire draw for Gov Dayton was the idea of creating a year-round facility for youth sports, etc.
:) Thanks. It's gone by quickly but it's also seemingly taken forever. What a conundrum!
Fuck what they be talking bout , they opinion doesn't count..we the only thing that matters
have you worked with us yet? Would love to connect!
ur not following me?! Follow me back I need to message u
Welcome a new 16x20" heat press into our print shop. It has an automatic lift! SWEET
Deep down, Mariah wants me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Take an empty, lifeless room and hang one of your favorite images in it. Watch it come to life.
omg we open today
writing more of your stories any time soon?!(:
Just YouTubed my first Sufjan Stevens song. might be proud.
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give ~ Winston Churchill
What a Racquet: Prince is Bankrupt - Memphis Flyer
Good Lord Darius...
Ow!!!April fools day)))Be ready losers'n'geek)))
's response "I want all the dogs."
Can I change my RSVP? RT I rented the karaoke machine today but they did not have any backstreet or nsync sorry
MRI $2500, surgery for yet to be determined issue $5500 + long recuperation in crate. Couldn't do that to 13 yr old dog. :(
gonna start my day off by watching #NeverSayNever :) I <3 you :)
It's just a little rain. Bring your rain boots; snuggle in a corner with a glass of wine!
Not at all, just being a little condescending. Show some love to the rest of the Commonwealth.
Ix-nay on Morey A. I hear they're picking up a new Jinx Falkenberg program instead.
OK so this lion and cheetah raced the cheetah won and the lion said you a cheetah and the cheetah said nah you lion!
winter x & rootbeer floats.
'Cause I'm as free as a bird now. And this bird you cannot change.
tonight just sounds like a good night to chill out with #loveyou # FRIDAYNIGHT
Sammy's shoe chair is on display at BVEN Boutique in our shoe lounge. Stop in, have a seat, try on a new pair of shoes....
"Rule 32: Enjoy the little things" -Zombieland
did you now right handed people live longer than left handed people?
Listen bro, you're wearing a Hollister shirt. So sit down; and shut the fuck up.
I'm reading 'The Extra 2%' by Really enjoying it so far.
RT : <U+200E>Answer: Text (Now I have to go text this answer to my wife)
TY for #following!
Total of places we went to at was 33. Wow.
“: Speak it into existence.......” Turkey club sandwich hold the bacon and an orange juice.
students : summer media/pr internship open for the 2012 VIA Music & New Media Festival
it was a pleasure to finally meet you this evening :)
I love it.
I am trying not to bust out laughing. Her facial expressions are to funny. You know.. I'm good at pranks I got you!:) haha
Washed Out/Cut Copy OR #MFF2011 - Help me make this very tough choice about what to do tonight...
You going to basketball game?
And N.D. just eating shots and taunting him.
Successful all-nighter...But not over yet...
Getting ready to blast second training session today for An actor but more serious in his training than many pro athletes
Smash things? We are starting on Hardcore, which sounds terrifying to me.
whoa. Was self absorbed and didn't realize you were going through this crap too. Which type of this bastard are you fighting?
Only if she new how i really felt.
gotta go down eating the good stuff.
AT 197 and holding!
telling great stories for #prville group
nice punctuation on the espanol!
had a great date day with Kipp: started with some shopping, then a relaxing duo massage, then watched The Help at the movie theatre!
15 In A Bit Wassup , Hot Ass Weather Though :/
Major reason I use Google+ is not work related. It has an awesome photography community
check facebook.... You're in!
ah poor rose ):
Dude you are hijacking my 11-4 #amwriting session son!
Hello MN winter!
thanks. We need all we can get :)
I just got so happy. I know will too: MT #PepsiMax brings back "cheating" #CokeZero delivery guy for #SuperBowl ad.
I believe it. Flying right now is so unbelievably expensive because of fuel.
God so loved the world that he gave his only son for our sins.
ALLDAY!! RT : You know you fuck'in her so good you got her legs shaking
Don't know personally, but I very much doubt it.
thank you Jackie! :)
we can totally take her to Hollywood parties and she'd probably out drink us
We open the season tomorrow vs. Colorado State. Are you ready?
opens in LA, NY & Austin today. It serves as proof that needs to be cast in more films!
great! see you there. :)
And the 231 mil. % inflation and 95 % unemployment??! MT : As we approach #Mayday let us reflect on the great progress we have made.
No she didn't
Whos coming out for #BIGHAIR Night tonite? Rock that Big SEXY 80's Do & get in for #FREE! Jay Kruz will be in the House! Doors
Even though Spencer said to acquire links from PDFs, I don't think it's worth the effort. HTML is easier.
what can kill a heart? love, and some other stuff. what can heal a heart? the problem i cant figure out.
No friends
#WhenIGetBored I dance and sing around in my room
Thanks for the kind words, Navid? Really appreciate the support.
I'm probs gunna move to the south when I'm older
I dnt want to leave tcc its the best thing to ever happen to me! please anyone who can help me please send a letter to the TPS school CEO!!!
You're too funny! Alright! Alright! Alright!
I dislike it when u open a mag & u see women in clothing that like could only fit ppl who where a size 2 honestly wht happened 2 curves
First bite of month-old Pringles: not so bad. Second bite: Stale. Salt and vinegar only temporarily masks the taste.
Internet explorer launched a new add campaign? Thats just sad
i was at wests prom and i swear i thought i saw , or his twin....
Thanks for following ! Let's not be strangers (:
haha you guys
Since I need to be on this for my archaeology class, I might as well use it. :) tweet tweet!
NO RT I just read an article talkin about how much more happier you'd be if you kept having sex with your ex
#chep3 Powerful examples of reflection, digital storytelling creates a whole new perspective on understanding
But don't THEY always say that "money doesn't matter?"
I was surprised that he knew pure english.! O___O
rachael wouldn't let you either! Lol :)
Lez go USA
Been a rush since I got home. Dinner all cooked by other half and tea in travel mug. Off to forest of dean now :(
RT : Annoying job interview question: "Why would you like to work here?" Uh, to get a paycheck, smart one.
GET BATTIER OUT GOD DAMNIT!!!!!!!!!!
Over here feeling some kinda way ..
Did you get hacked or was it your manager?
Ha. Very true. Very true.
dont know what u talkin bout.
is this card friendly or should we load up on cash? Thanks.
Stores are closing at 2:30pm (2pm in Oconomowoc & Delafield) for a company meeting. We're back at 6:30am tomorrow
One of the most delightful products of our industrial farming system is "pink slime," aka "lean, finely textured beef," a slurry of a..
Making moves today & it's about time. Let me tell you hard work pays off
Can i leave now
My man BowWow, hope to God you don't do nothing stupid to yourself and everything. Still praying for you
God "knew" you would do that....
Im exhausted! #turnoutthe lights
2 flasks at dry wedding with jesus music = godsend
Chocolate is so good, dogs are really missing out.
sounds fun put me on the list
Spent quality time w/good friends last night. Feeling grateful today. How about you?
I swear I fell asleep a couple of hours ago.
To predict the future, we need logic; but we also need faith and imagination, which can sometimes defy logic itself....
I never clap and tell ;)
There would be #snow on a #leapday....its not even a real day
I was just looking on your page and laughing. Idek why.
getting the final issues to the printer is always a major relief. Can't wait to share it with you!
...print reward flyers for distribution! go to www.fortheloveoflisa.com and click on the Spread the Word tab!!!
what up Britt?
yea hopefully u get a reply from James
Sunsets remind me of you b/c of that one time you said sunsets look better when you're high.
Miley is so hot :)
The people around me start to annoy me more and more everyday.
Do you have any paperbacks of Imaginary Girls yet? I want one!
Blackberry Sounds interesting! Thank-you for the follow. Iam alao following you!
G-nome surfer project
RT Vinyl sales have already increased by 41% in 2011, according to Nielsen Soundscan. Just sayin'.
Every girl...Has that one conversation running in their head of what they wish he’d say.
Lowest point for Colts in 10 years though. Was it lowest rated SNF ever?
Get a life... To all of those haters who like to create drama.
Casilla doing what he does best against the Tigers!
I fell judged
I wanna go to north carolina and visit
what are you trying to do
It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives
RIP: Steve Jobs - the world has come to love and depend on you, and your electronics, and you will be sadly missed. May you rest in peace.
Excited for Summer Social today !
facebook would be best.
I'm getting there, fast or slow, I'm going to achieve it.
Turns out, the weekend wanted only to devour my immune system whilst out with friends.
/// I'm done ranting.......Buzzards|For Namesake|Fab Five coming soon for all of my TRUE fans........true QUALITY HIP HOP fans.
Looking forward to meeting you! Excited by our OKL sale 4/26 Rt: Thrilled to be here at the #DBC2012!”
Hey Sam, never heard back from ya about trading food for Internet marketing work. We're game if you are!
Just got my first ticket so that's awesome.
thank YOU!
Really? I got up at 6 a.m. and spent an hour at the gym? Am I on drugs?
Wow this week is been full of surprises... I'm just happy I survived
Thank you for doing the exhausting gruntwork of reporting this story live for us to follow online.
everyone get ready for "Disconsolation"! saturday! tell all your friends to give it a listen, I promise it sounds sick!
next weekend will be so much better, with the long lost best friend <3 & birfday party with the fammmm <3
Today's Theme: sweet, sweet redemption!! :)
#aci12 a special thanks to Peter Troast of for inviting me up to present on his roundtable!!
There have really been some great concerts this year! Bands on the road get to meet awesome people!
Thank you for the shout out!
The ONE day that I don't have my ID, because I left it in my f speeding tix envelope, I get carded at TWO places?!
Coming down to the wire. Rehearsals tomorrow and Sunday. New Playwrights festival April 27th and 28th. Show opens May 6th. Crazy fab. life!
The roads look great!! Git on down here!
I swear I be doing boss sh!*...... Im proud of my damn self!!!
It was a great panel! I found out about it 2 hours before and was glad I could join.
Double stacks no longer a dollar...the world must be ending.
in the middle of bloodlines and i just want people to leave me alone so i can READ READ READ!
Michigan wins only because of the kickers awesome beard and 'stache. He needs a nickname.
#bestdefenceinpremierleague. That is all
yes yes you are.
That way I'll get to see you. So rethinking where to go now.
says could get a job if he could just skip the interview.
“: I have the best girlfriend anyone could ask for ... She is just one of my many blessings Thank you Lord” I love you baby <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
This has been the week from hell.
Anyone else feel like their follower number is off? Ours seems to keep decreasinge even with notices of new followers daily.
. SO FREAKING AWESOME! Wish I could've been at that talk
I watched Turkey Bowl this weekend., I liked it, and you are a natural! Good job, Troy :-)
": Lol what a friend you are" quit sub tweeting,
I just sent & an uber long (& hopefully great) email. Totally jealous you get to eat there & hang with them.
I don't one anymore tho but u can always make it a tweet lol
There's always going to be someone to judge you, and you really can't do anything about it. So just be yourself.
I have NEW artwork at Art Whino's "FLIK" and the DC Art Center's "Wall Mountables"! ...who doesn't dig robots and chihuahuas?
Clintonville farmers market goes until noon!
Ron Artest is a straight up thug. Not even getting a new legal name would change that, though he's from not to far from my hood...
#advenchas I'm jamming out with myself right now
Go on "Savevideo.me" and put in all the links in there one by one...It took a while but I got all of them downloaded :)
hmm please check with live help, it might not be available on your package
I call my sense of style "post-taste". It's very progressive.
Last AP exam mañana
no venue has contacted us yet. If we get the chance we'll make it happen!
Not yet... I'm just not sure exactly what to say! If my paper was in better shape, I'd send him a draft...
Hey Monster .!! How Are You .?
i am going to keep tweeting you untill you follow me.....lol jk
Just want this school year to be over with already.
Will you plz follow me
When people give you unnecessary attitude -- yeah, you're cool.
Kinda hoping the new showrunner for Community is Chevy Chase
If soy sauce undermines the health benefits of my quinoa and #KZX tonight, I don't wanna know. CC:
we are going to tie die when we go to my camp, okay? you better be able to come!!!
Yeah, authoratarian comments on an unresearchable topic make you sound like a twat. Which dead person did you speak with?
RT : French offer "full surrender" & welcome lightning as their new leader. “: Lightning hits French president's plane”
I is so hungry right now I could eat a small child
Derek Mitchell picked as US ambassador to Burma. Still no word on selecting an ambassador to Burma Shave.
It would also be nice to visit the folks at Simpleview the next time I come out
Wonder if the Warhol Gun that sold was the one that appeared in Iron Man 2.
lol its not the board game, its on the xbox lol
follow ! follow ! follow !
Wait! I forgot I had 16 more Husbands .. Woops! ;)
PORTLAND....GOTCHA in the crosshairs!
Thank you! I love doing it
New watch :D yee! ty swag:]
Are you coming out with anymore music videos for #AYNIN ?
#CNNdebate was a victory for #RonPaul, #Grassroots spreads slow, but won't die. cause we got #ROOTS and will continue to grow
No sleep tonight, only Pandora
Hehehe... just take up the slack.
@ 1 time, I was a Lakers fan, when REAL men played for the team. No more. My heart bleeds #thunder blue #THUNDERUP!
welcome back! looking forward to seeing you. will be in touch about sched.
Valentines Day is around the corner. Book a room for that special night at the Comfort Suites-Lawrenceville.
Just saw a band I love sing a song I love in a place I love. Amazing. Great set,
well zendaya fans how are you all doing tonite?????
Dot be callin me from no unknown numbers on that bs
Less than 2 weeks until #SACFair! So excited to see everyone!
Love is photogenic..... Sometimes It has to go through a lil darkness to develop.
now following my new #teamrandom buddy ->>>>>>>>>>>>
UConn may have won tonight, but they will get destroyed by Marquette
Minnesota vikings might move to l.a.? #LAVIKINGS?
you are so very awesome!!!
Can't wait. Wrigley Rooftop sounds like a blast. #summertimechi ": yes and yes!"
I'm 100% 50/50 about going to the HRC Gala this weekend.
Happy almost easter!!!
hear hear
Farmer's Market inspired vegetarian sandwich recipe - undefined
Idc if my moms mad I had the best day with & (:
Eating dinner with my family and friends while enjoying my vacation! :)
We are out on Long Island.
It's going to be in the low 70s all week!
naw. I'm outta there. On a mission. I'll call you when it's a mission accomplished.
Come see me with the rest of the cast and crew from CREATURE! We open today and will be @ Chinese Theater @ 8:00!
Future of IT study from NASA JPL CIO #premier100conf "work w/anyone from anywhere w/ any data using any device @ any time"
Almost done reading the second Hunger Games book ( Catching Fire)<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
(2/2) Today's quick tip: to invite healthy energy into your home, keep shoes away from the front door! Got something to add?
The always fab Sina Soul is in our Black Diamond Lounge tonight. Please join us! 6:30p-9:30p
no texas open?
So nervous for the quinceanera but hope it all goes Awomee ^__^
I miss u....i said we should chill
61% of Facebook users who identified as Super Bowl fans posted status updates during the game in 2011.
Thank you both for coming and supporting! RT : RT : off to Gallery's Gala event - happy 20th!
congrats on graduating. Enjoy the day it'll go by fast. Wish I could be there
Turned out to be a beautiful night... C'mon out & play Om Lounge....
Likewise! appreciate all the great advice!
hey can you tell me who won the game <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I just caught a bunch of kids trying to jump my fence. The funniest part is my fence isn't locked...
If you want a brick home in a school zone, with the doors locked & alarms on, girl you're way off track, I'm a little more country than that
ain't they?
i never tweet you anymore cause obviously you have more fans but still i thought i'd take a chance and say good night . (:
Please follow mee? (:
: Sorry, why?
I tell my dog he is my best friend in the form of an original song. I'd never actually talk to my human BFF that way...so, I don't know.
remember when eleanor was my icon and people thought that was creepy wtvr.
I hate that people forget how to drive when it snows.
These niggas so thirsty
I woke up to see you guys following me... it's been a good morning! :)
Just you wait...the pics will hit FB soon
Why would you buy followers? Most of them are from a 3rd world country or spam.
its so much better to make them now...now that we have a 15 minute limit imposed by
u in new Orleans? can't wait to get there for
#FindingMeAgain When life got hard, I would go stand on my two-by-two yard... I had a place for hope... I was grateful.
thats why he was smiling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Right how convenient I was 4. I must've really understood that World Series run while wearing my Jeter jersey
The victorias secret pandora ad is really the only one I don't mind
...episode will be in TRUE CLEAR 720p HD! YESS!
Even adults sometimes have a hard time eating their veggies. What’s your least favorite vegetable?
man stallion? Like a Centaur?
if you haven't had the chance, visit americanwonks.com for lots of great #wonk challenges and profiles. New ones are coming soon!
That was deep.
... you guys sound great on TV :)
not the tool I was actually expecting :) wasted again on california red? happy HAPPY hour.
what would I have to do for you to say, "Sade, I will do your website!"
I thought the #steelers play calling was strange. #Saints trying to run on 3rd and goal?
#nowplaying Stefon Harris, "A Cloud of Red Dust"
he rides BMX?
haha. I haven't noticed that yet - needed the laugh!!
RT : reading "Foul", the story of Connie Hawkins. candidate for a "30 in 30," (Need 2 raise awareness-UNREAL)
RT u r a true patriot Mr. Forbes! I'll never forget your devotion to my amazing Governor. You're a great person!
I think you forget sometimes hun. Nerds are sexy, BUT not all of them.
But many times, it is up to the ticket buyer to "customize" tweet. Can we as sellers do that?
sands watchin the daughter play bb. Go
#oomf loves to hurt my feelings <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> night.
"And rain falls angry on the tin roof. As we lie awake in my bed.You're my survival, you're my living proof. My love is alive and not dead."
HOLY CRAP THAT'S 20 MINUTES FROM MY HOUSE AND 4 DAYS BEFORE MY BIRTHDAY!!! WE WE WE SO EXCITED!!! :D
Today is a good day for him.
But thank you for the RT & compliment.
we back fa more....3 peat, ya dig?
Watching a documentary called Being Elmo. Who knew watching a show about the man behind the hand behind the puppet would be so interesting!
Okay, what happened? ;)
The Library of Virginia will be closed on Saturday, January 14, but open on Friday, January 13, and Monday, January 16.
- how is it working out for you?
"89384495969696960372626261536"..... Was I shouting or talking at a normal volume?
I love Penny, so I would definitely try another metallic from Zoya!
Thanks, gimme a sec on that ill be back wit u..lol
Oh yes, I would love pizza and cake for my birthday. Why don't we just go to Chuckie Cheese?
The Basics of Ball Position and Golf Swing
oh ya I dropped that there. #gimme ;)
glad to help!
This just in . A bizarre story about a nurse, a mad scientist and medical records. Up next. Stay tuned. Heard on channel two.
Was really sweatin' getting that last tweet down from 200 to a cool 120. Only took about 15 mins. Little victories - what life's all about.
I totally agree! Mix-tapes are the best. I just found a bunch from college! Dated myself with that comment. :)
From your love is my drug to there tour that is happening now . I love these boys and all the other ICONiacz i can forever call my family<3
This black cloud can STOP following me today...
Ooh they look nice!
#childhoodtv - The Amanda Show : "This is the court room of Judge Trudy" ; "Bring in the dancing lobsters!"
April is #FinancialLiteracyMonth! From taxes to IRA contributions, make sure your team of Financial experts are on their job!
I am so hungry
3 deaths for us this year, my toddler doesn't grasp it. Keep memories alive as long as you can. They will fade 4 her
I could see Jason Statham in that role
Happy TFIF (Turning Fear Into Freedom) Friday! What are your plans for Earth Day?
Where are you right now? Your tweets are all over!
You should track down Jasmine at Flying Fish in Mt. P.....laid-back look always catches my eye (vintage or not!)
“: #MentionTo your friend who talks so loud.”
I did but I can't find it
Just heard an announcer say David Wright isn't playing tonight cause he has a sore pinky.
Back in the Saddle After 9 Trips to Rehab
Author Lynee Gaillet will speak @ 8AM session on rhetorical gateways
lol u gotta turn the tables some times
Thank you for the sweet comment That's a major compliment coming from a pro like you:) x
I still can't believe what's happening to Alaric... #TVDFamily I am scared. uh. What do ya think it's going to happen with him? x
And only u can give a breathe of life but you dont see me (8)
Ocean Grill?
wishing D Rose was playing tonight...Not to worry with the Bench Mob in the house. Go Bulls!
Ewww I really wish #dickmovies wasn't a trending topic right now!
MY MUM SAID I CAN BUY THE VOCALIZEU AP!!! I'm gonna win this contest<3
Assuming I can keep my phone and Skype quiet long enough, I will. :-)
your dreams have come true. The legend has joined twitter!
I just let out the weirdest scream. Sheamus pinned Damnit.
Merry Christmas. I'd love to see peace in Sudan. What's your wish for a gift this Christmas?
Just got done wit pizza and wings its not delivery its digiorno next paperplane time
just because people give you a bad reputation, doesn't mean you are that kind of person. after all, it's only what people THINK you are.
If only The Dollar Store sold gasoline...
Today seemed to go by so slow 7pm could not get here any faster
Except when I take the seats out of the van and let everyone fly around when I slam on the brakes!
It's Fat Tuesday! Be careful tonight, drive safe!
last night at skylight theatre was such a treat! what a fun, super talented group! loved it :)
Whoa. You got hot.
Back on the road
Cyril you absolute ripper!!
Who wants to win 2 tix to the #NIT ? Come back at NOON!
miss elke is still sleeping... she is gonna be thrilled for a puppy play date!
Aww...I'm assuming not in the city?? You should see the locket B gave me for my b-day. It's a bunny...on a book!
you and the twins are the biggest two faced bitches to ever walk thiis earth, you guys are digusting ugly ass bitches! thanks.
And it's not even my birthday.. !
www.3sgiants.com- Come check us out! Head to our Facebook page- Third Stream Giants, and become a fan! Thanks for all the support! :)
Your opinion is not a fact
#WhyDoiAlways do something dumb AF when I'm talking to girls.......
Someone explain this to me tomorrow... RT : ke$ha is outside the library in 5 min. be there, get glitter cannon'd
Still waiting on our website to be finished: long process with MANY glitches! Was AT&T the best choice? We'll see.
If someone busts my new polish stoneware mugs on this bus I will be supremely displeased. Let me live.
sorry, im late on the atreplies. maxies? lets set up a date. they actually have several veggie friendly items. maybe b4 alice fri?
About the snow? I guess nothing is impossible.
happy, Yes news in my inbox this morning! one step closer to my great adventure. Happy day!
Excited to learn Shark Tank is coming back for another season. Not excited that Jeff Foxworthy will be a guest judge.
And yet, you still made the murder threat, and supported/endorsed it.
I'm in for $100!
Push ups are great for abs too. I don't know it works but I can always tell, every 2-3 years when I try push ups. :)
Why do I feel like a shit? I'm always the downfall of all conversations.
Enjoy ur life! = To have an experience
Love ! Cheers!
False Evidence Appearing Real (#FEAR) Get it out of your heart stay strong and your prayer with
I'm pinning but I may be too impatient... are there multiple pins of the same post? Now how do I fix that?
No event is too small for us to cater. Holla at us soon to get on our schedule.
Hopefully 's plans to relaunch Bungalow 8 will reboot #NYC's social scene. Amy, your vision continues to inspire.
Washing Your Ass W/ The Same Rag You Wash Your Face With...Is Not Cool
oh man. could you imagine? who says that? haha
Promise??!!? lol “: I am ima be holding a we love Lita sign at ya 1st competition. Lol”
If there is no passion in what you do you will never be happy!!! :)
Congrats! : Honored to serve a full term as OKGOP State Chairman. Thank u to the 1,000 plus delegates who attended!
Is it i(don'tunderstandverbagreement)AMvay? RT Library this whole week! No bs. The people who work there is going to know my name.
Heading out to run some errands. Than hitting the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
Uh oh get ready Philly...big Kyle got a haircut!!!!
zing brilliant
Hey! I was totally buried last weekend, sorry I missed you! How's SF?
Follow my new followers
What a devastation in missouri!! :(
Community, Workaholics, That 70's show, It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia,The Office! You?
Sure RT : boo hoo sad story, can we start over?
i be playing angry birds <3
That's cool I'm Spanish as well I live in my u?
Um ... don't waste goat cheese people.
Good night tweeple. Rest soundly.
Welcome to Douche Bag island!
link me to roberts facebook !
Why you crying? Chocolate bunny? (George López voice)
Full moon shinin' bright, edge of the water, we were feelin' alright.. :)
Happy birthday to my main girl and twin, ! love you! can't wait to celebrate our birthdays Saturday!
You are such a big inspiration! Plz follow back
Lil' Wayne.. Where did you see that ?
thanks for doing that. I followed along from #Austin and it seemed like a great conference cc:
we are so grateful for your incredible genersoity! Many many thanks! The jewelry is beautiful!
Bill Cunningham's New York was SO good! Highly recommend. We love that man.
just trying to check up on u... makin sure all is well.
Are the riot police forming down on Route 1, #Terps looking good
thanks for broadcasting my rash, . still itchy. i don't want to dance with anybody.
by the way nice looking code breaker Sunday night... Do you have your own name for the finisher?
Hello, dear. I am well and blessed. How about you? Decided what you're getting for your mother?
um YES. can kerstin come with us?
At #WonderCon today! Anyone else in my tweet feed there?
I know my old butt still doing pranks.
yeah..were gonna be in it.
2-2 top of 8th. Dee Gordon just singled with 2 outs k rod pitching for crew
I love when i can feel the sun like soaking in my skin .
Never say sex. sex
Just coached my sons soccer team to a great win!
glad you enjoyed the presentation!
As well as submitting to Starz Denver Film Fest!
i know.. its all ways the same thing.. almost verbatim.. sad actually
Are you FUCKING kidding me ...
California is loving our Super Bowl Squares as we've seen many sign ups from that state..what about the other 49 of u?......
Breakfast date with grandma :)
My turn for quads. 31.5k.
COME ON YOU GUNNERS. ... man city, you can win, too.
Even the language used was meant to be a scare tactic.
Turkey day side dish: Brussles sprouts and pancetta roasted with Hott sauce #1spicy, smokey, porky and delicious!
Someone little fucking jit really pulled the fire alarm in my building
I'm sorry but this is not a good statement
Great call with in preparation for 's Client Summit in May. Super exciting to speak with such an expert!
A decidedly smaller percentage of plaid button-ups tonight Nice work, male music fans.
Each one of us has a responsibility on this earth plane to open up and live our divine aspect.
Also, don't tell my mom I posted a video where you can hear her talking.
It may make the reader/listener more apprehensive, but doesn't mean that what the person is saying is wrong.
i hope your not like the rest of them, if you know what i mean! :O (itanimulli)
“: When someone doesn't text you back but it says they read it <<<”
No problem! Officially 'followed back' :)
Last #AFT happening right now!
> "My Inner Meatball' appearing in Wayne's World 3 opening up for "The Shitty Beatles" and "Crucial
Another Amazing Code Red Friday Night thanks to everyone that came to party, dance and have a good time!!!
37 degrees?!?! Glad I'm watching on tv
nala enjoys following your tweets as well <3 hahaahh
#CorporateGreed executives earn higher salaries, but they also take much heavier responsibilities with higher job difficulties.
Thought for the day: "The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions." - William F. Scholavino
oh that's terrible! :(
Scout has USC with 14 LOIs, not including Murphy or Rogers. Still room for Miles?
it would be an excellent gift. and so be it. I'm going to ask Burnsed for a set.
you're in charge of Timmy's first win! RT “: I'm at AT&T Park! :) Go Giants”
Cool! It never snows here. Stupid Florida. lol
haha sorry Z you should have stayed on the WM side but it was a good game indeed
#BuildDayMemories Rico falling off the ladder.
she said she the one for me
Dr. Gordon and What's the most appropriate way 2 address compensation for a position w/o making a poor impression?
Good luck!!! Praying for you!!
i miss you homie. I've been working odee lately ask
Coming home in different clothes than the ones you left in <<<
“: Someday I’ll find my love, someone to call my own. –Snow White” awww. <U+E403><U+E413> #ForeverAlone lmao
Whatup, Stephen? Hope tour life is treating you well. Go Jersey Boys!
Y'all, I think I ordered the last half smoke of the night, but let's lobby to add it to the menu. It was yummy!
We're taking a quick break, but we'll be right back on #ProsOnCall! Call (719) 265-9661 with your questions!
You are welcome! I mentioned your gig on Wed.
Also, I would like to request that "Pinpeople" become the official noun for Pinterest users. Shades of the Twilight Zone.
*Great advice
Why is life so hard?:/
Iight I got u.. u know some bigs?
More famous than players. great stuck in Politico by shared underlying biological rhythm?
Lowest usability scores in 2011 study were energy use and online pay. Customers want to pay wo login, fees, or going paperless.
Jake smells... New seats?!
Thank you :)
supermoon = same ole moon
and many others in #uwmjmc307 now know where the instructor lives #addresslabels... Uh Oh. ;p
*mwah* a trois
BREATHE to Receive!!!
#IIPC12 "Angle brackets are deep in our culture, a focus on the technical and practical." (regarding the logo)
Lunchtime Taco bell chicken quesadilla and smart water
Fox Sports San Diego is so much better already then CH 4 ever was
“: #peikitchenparty Almost 5000 visitors to the web site today!” wonderful
enjoyed the #boxing talk!!
Thanks for the 411
John Medina: 'The Brain is so sensitive to external experiences that it can be rewired thru exposure to cultural influences' (+ #Meditation)
shows no results for 'Dont wana go home' but lots of results for 'Dont wanNa go home' - certainly not the best search algorithm
But the media will continue to dictate to the sheep that LeBron is awful in the clutch while Wade is always the hero.
Much love to for rallying the Seattle crew for 's Beat the Bridge. Who wants to join me, run/walk?
with bill bye?
I want some of what peter griffens on.!
FTW is cliche and it's probably taken, I like Hope In Her Eyes, it's original and it seems a lot more personal
My favorite litigators to
Opening night for the #Spurs basketball season. Time to show the Grizzlies that they are in our house!
Travel dreams last night lead to restlessness today.
yayyyy! I miss your happy face!
Breakfast was pizza and that has me feeling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Im finally hydrated and the headache is gone
Masterpiece Classic spring lineup is KILLIN IT
Nice job, , on #MadMen..."got some bad news" had #DonDraper worried there for a sec! Congrats on the work, Tom.
RT : Make me a happy girl by sending me texts signed "SH."
Tonight is going to be one to remember. Happy Cinco De Mayo <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>
Family beach trip to Pismo California.............
Loving life and every moment makes things 10x better for you to accomplish your dreams
he'll return kicks for a couple years then move on. He's not a good fit in Harbaugh's system anyway.
if it was open i probably would have made the fam wait while i rode it. like i do with the giant drop.
ABSOLUTELY! The Russians have been doing this for quite some time. Stop all the PC talk and move on ...
I can't believe it's only Tuesday. I'm already exhausted!
I aint tryna start nuthin but I wish Tamika was still dressing Usher j/s
What's up Twitter?
"What I mean by killer instinct is, sometimes I just like to cut things. The sight of blood is a turn on for me."
C's lose by 9 but even with D-Wade's dominance... could've went differently. Lot of open misses...and Pierce was booted for most of 4th.
Hard to imagine Time Square dark. RT Lights out in Times Square. The latest from our digital team. fb.me/IrpP7BIC
The Agile software engineering combines a set of developing paths and the philosophy of the customer and provider working in close collabora
exactly take hard work and a decision and taking action towards your goals every day!
I'm lost in Buckhead and my husband won't answer his phucking phone.
hell yeah! “: not only did you guys convince me to join twitter but i now have 12 introductions to look forward to!”
i wish i did change but i didnt post that, trust me if i was on a diet or had a midlifecrisis everyone would know
I shouldn't have suggested going out tonight. I just want to be at home under a blanket reading hunger games. Chug chug chug!
If Sonic Youth and Rick James had ever collaborated, they would have been obligated to call the song "Fuck Yr Couch"
Yes ma'am! That's what they train me for, to be invincible haha. Love hurts. :p Oh yes, well I hope you enjoy. Who's playing?
Go get 'em
GL - Like A Boss. Beast Mode. Punish Them.
still waiting for a pic showing off the new color.. ~brian :)
hey so anyone who wants to follow gets a shoutout!
I've trained teachers before.. They might be good learners, but they can make horrible students
#bitcheswhowontdateme Barbara Bush!
Wal-Mart probe could brighten Obama to give evidence related to Wen Sri Lanka ordering mosque move after.
Ugh. I don't know I feel so shitty .
kill them with kindness viv! they're just thirsty. :)
A man that can hold my attention with conversation is a step above many...
I really hope they come back with a big pop record
Listen to , make a phone pledge by 6PM and your gift will be matched through the Hoyt Foundation! Call 800-457-KIDS
dude your awesome
Good nigjt people, hay, hay hay smoke weed every day... by bitches...
2 months from 60 & I'm listening to Hot Mess by Cobra Starship. 40 years ago I thought by now I'd be enjoying the best of Lawrence Welk.
“The most difficult thing in my life was driving from the doctor’s office to tell my wife, Cookie, I had HIV." -Magic Johnson
Oh how we'd love to do a Groupon for Clevelanders!
yum!! I'm actually waiting for a baked crab roll as we speak.
#CoachellaLive Cold Cave>>>> terrible.
Is that any different than when he was younger? I could never understand him.
RVP is that dude. Soccer on Fox will only work if they show games of this magnitude. No one wants to see QPR v. Rovers.
I think its time to go on a diet. I fell down today and rocked myself to sleep trying to get up.
Never give up..
Editing episode 3 now…posting soon!
Web design company is a part of Adodis Technologies, an ISO 9001-2008 certified website design company.
Rainy Days & Wednesdays?
We grinding for us
#YourBiggestProblem is that you put ALL of your business out there and expect people not to judge you
don't worry Kim mine aren't done either
RT : If we take ourselves too seriously as leaders, we block our ability to be creative
Do you have kids? Follow
Finally watched, DIRTY HARRY.. total badass movie!
Today was NOT my day. Hope I feel better by tomorrow mornin
Go Die In A Fire.
Thanks for the love from all our new followers!
Hiding from 's sister and her friends under a cabinet in the bathroom<333
Alpha-1: This condition may result in serious lung and/or liver disease at various ages in life. #charity, #nonprofits, #alpha1,
M... anchovies
Left my charger at your house , my phone is currently dead too !!!! :( Please grab it and put it in your car !
Are companies missing the mark with Pinterest or are people truly engaged with these brands?
Habituation/possibility/probability/desirability/appealing-ness. Title of this lexical problem set could be :: taking things out of context
Congratulations Jay-Z, you now have 100 problems.
super awesome day so far <3
Why doesn't everyone have their phone attached to their hand as I do?
Once again a member of The Mile High Club!!! ;) Round 2 of speech & solo acoustic performance in Denver.
It's gonna be great! Bring your friends!
#replacebandsnameswithboobs one boob
Yes I already seen it last night <3
I saw Westworld when it was first released. Creepy Yul Brenner. You could also think of it as intellectual source material for Jurassic P.
hey when are you down here again?
I need to finish it.
About to go on, get here!! 309 White St, Norman, OK!
Sitting in the conference room with Carter Ferrington listening to his 1-minute campaign at DCBI
#MyDreamsCameTrue I have a new job volunteer 2 start but will B a paid job doing wat I luv 2 do :)
On set and freezing!!
no probe
The airports freezing D:
my ex really mad cus imoved on tho. o well.
creating positive clothing
Reasonable request. Granted.
this also isn't the first time he's opened the season on a tear.
Grab some food and chill tonight
So happy. My mom just bought me and my best friend concert tickets. Yyyaaaaaayyyyy. I can't wait.
Customer service - assume positive intent
Join us for "(IN)JUSTICE for Michael Austin," a play written by #UMCareyLaw Students based on a #Baltimore man wrongly imprisoned for...
Come out and meet some fans and friends! RT Attn CoMo: Pick up soccer tonight at 5:15 behind West Blvd. Elem.
Doesn't an Apple Bear Claw sound great? It's a flaky bear claw filled with cinnamon and apples..delicious!!
Congress has spent yet another day discussing trade policy.
i love how when religious people preach oh this and this is wrong and no one should do it it sundenly becomes okay when they decide to do it
better get his broom ready, to sweap the Predators!!!
He does not get it through his head that I don't want him .
Twitter makes tweeting seem like a challenge "Tell the world whats happening in 140 characters or less!" *!i luvv yuu!*
Engage the kids in imagination & fun with storytelling, music and learning every Wed. from 9:30-10:15 for FREE @ the Balloon Museum.
Spirited discussion of pres. workflows, microservices, & what archivists need to understand re Dig Asset Man. and archival work
Finance test next Friday?!
i just wish girls would stop being so insecure and just accept themselves the way they are.
No hard sauce with my bread pudding? Ripped off in NYC.
oh my gosh that's so adorable! Hahahaha
And the CBO has done the math and determined HCR will insure 30 million+ uninsured and reduce the federal deficit over 10 years.
What an amazing anayltics tool that I can never stop checking for my personal site
KP is a very hospitable batsman, always serving the bowlers bread with fresh fig jam
Thanks for the shout out! Rock Chalk!
You should still be working with me and RT JojoFireSlaw The M's offense is clicking on all cylinders. It's a beautiful thing.
I've observed student after student in the past two days walk away from a monitor exclaiming, "Didn't even finish the book!"
You know you are truly hitting it when the spam links hit your trending stream at #smbmad. No I don't want to "look at this" with your egg
Atlanta's defense is too
Thank you for the Follow.
yes I know do you have his new cd
Car wash and a show lmao the washer broke some red cars window <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I want to go to benihana who coming with me?
bahaha that would be great, but no. Apparently there was also a prisoner/policeman duo running, didn't see them though.
Thanks for the love guys! It's gonna be a great season for riding!!!
brother have you talked to Ej?
wiz and snoop new number ten on seacrests countdown.......proud.
hahah shure it is!!! ;D we need to go to la tienda and buy some haha!!..!!
left lane supreme...
I think mumford and sons is one of the mother lyrically talented music groups of our time. I really love them.
big al's three to cut it down to 13 really was the turn around point IMO.
please let me know...my son has "special needs" according to some trainers i have talked to. doggie short bus!
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas.
Ready for the Brits 2012 with Bethan Griffiths
I can
kick's off February 2morrow at 800 Santa Maria in Irvine w/ new items on their menu that u won't want to miss! (5:30-9pm)
#NP Love This Life
Starting the first episode of Case Closed. Gotta catch up to matthew who is on episode 70. -_-
All in the game, yo.
I like that you view it as an issue. Says a lot about the kinda guy you are. Too bad more women and men don't think the same.
RT : I'm amused by those who remind us that their twitter accounts are "personal" accounts and that all views are "their own."
OMG! Suzy! You're too much, I guess you never switched! LOL Hope you're out having a drink or 2... :)
Just posted some new #SXSWi pics on our Facebook page, check us out there, or message us to meet up at SXSW!
The new Avengers movie made everyone in the theatre laugh there ass off . But then again it kicked ass!! <3
The most important actions are never comfortable. ~ Tim Ferriss
wait you graduate at 16?
Thank you for the #FF my friend!
best of luck with the doc. Despite your issues, you sounded phenomenal this weekend.
Awesome! RT : I taught PechaKucha to my students last year...it is amazing and concise!
Yea we been working on our mixtape but we do need to start leaking tracks
Don't forget to check out my videos "A Talk With Ms. Weeks" and "Bloomingdale Meet and Greet".
OH Stop stealing your neighbors cheap Internet....
Masquerade Atlanta...Heaven Stage...October 15...Who's coming?
spring 2012 DangerousVintage relaunches new site feat new high fashion collection ____________________
FREE cupcakes for everyone!!!!! Just kidding
honestly love seeing you having a great time with your mates. xoxxx
Awards Show tonight @ Acme. nominated in multiple categories. So very proud.
Check out the Iron Mountain jump at #ARMA11. Fun stuff!
2 days left of school until break! YAY!
Let us know when you have arrived with a dm or @ reply
thanks 4 the years of support! Hope to see you @ the album release show in May!
BREAKING NOW Circuit Judge Jessica Recksiedler steps aside in George Zimmerman's second-degree murder trial
waking up at 5am to hit abs and shoulders at #ballys #fitness goodnight everyone
Ppl let they kids come out the house looking any kind of way. Nappy ass heads clothes all holey and shit
People shouldn't be priced out of college edu. But I don't think everyone must go to college. We need useful graduates, not com majors
food coma
OMG T daaaaawg you are so brave! Love it!!!!
I'm ok
Excited to host our #WOMMA Wine Wednesday tonight. Stay tuned for pictures and our presentation from the night.
couldn't of said it better myself brotha
um excuse me??
re: optimization. Yeah. Man, if I can just write well compartmentalized, readable code I'm happy.
We're racing to keep enough iced coffee on hand today. The Cenaproc over ice is really mellow.
thanks for everything babe. I love you <3
I hate the Beatles and Led Zeppelin.
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but, can you bring me a plate of pancakes?
Great live session of Ind Week in Review at #PRSAHoosier luncheon!
Here comes Bubba, here comes Phil, here comes Kuchar!! It's Sunday at the Masters baby!!
thanks for the #ff:)
I just want to chill today no lie.
I have no doubt this will be a close election, but polls are indicating that Obama begins the G.E. with a head start.
I think that the number of balance bars that I have been eating = an unbalanced diet. Hmm...
But darlin' you are the only exception...
I'm shocked you are awake right now
Well, monday's in the books. A little rough at first, but I got it under control.
"Best of Designers" Paris Paris, Randall Designs, Barking Fire Couture & Mombomb showcased 1/18/11 www.catwalkforacause.com
who has the new fb timeline? any complaints so far?
Ford Drives Innovation, Intellectual Property Development through TechShop Membership Incentive for Smart Ideas
aye bitch stop that lying.......
Tomorrow night? Still on? I can't wait to see your face, pretty!
i agree
About to start the herb garden for #EdiblesRestaurant , any tips on cheap potting soil ?
• Just the rest of the series...not the whole playoffs
Definitely. RT : Congratulations to my friends at gunup.com. Now can you make some time to go shooting?
yours too :-)
Coach Patsos - the man that double teamed Steph Curry the entire game as Curry stood in the corner -Davidson won by 30
hah yeah it's starting!
So good running into !! Missed so much!!!
I hate Michigan State.
lol, that's good. Was it hard?
no problem! >_<
Friday night shifts seem to last so much longer than other shifts.
Thank God for waking me up this morning todays gonna be a good day !!!
I'm sitting at this restaurant waiting for my food doing that exact thing...lol
i say more backstage shenanigans. haha :) those are fun.
oh scuse me I mean SAG-AFTRA dues lol
yeah you already see lots of IB in clustered systems, next step would be host access
I am interested in helping those with Aspergers. I would like to hear from others working with this group of people.
Apparently 3 drinks + 6 hours of sleep are an awesome substitute for my normal 8. A la an empty spot in the ref room
Like our hero Adam Kline says, we are SMART on crime instead of shortsightedly TOUGH on crime. Join us and plan to #giveBIG this Tuesday!
it's that noticeable? Shit.
Dear - if u text me about weightloss tips one more time I'm going to stop crying and punch you in the face!
On a serious note though, I need to see you like pronto.
happy big funniversary :)
yes, I remember that! Oh well. It's just a matter of time. Can't stop the gays.
Thanks u enjoyed it? RT : & Hollywood dances tonight >>>>>>>
Who is excited to hear more details on how to win the Jason McCourty autograph?
Almost time for our early bird special - $5 fish & 1/2 priced steaks from 4:30 - 6pm. Don't forget about $5 martinis, all day, everyday!
her own version of The Shining
Join us in sending a HUGE MAHALO to our event sponsor We wouldn't have the beautiful space at without them!
you have big boobs and i love it beadle
shift accepted views and hegemonic narratives through these repressed and otherwise lost stories in images
You a lucky dude Josh :)
follow me and my personal , I spoke to you while you were on Martha with Greg, I had the 3 cockers
Bluegrass would not exist as it is today without Earl Scruggs. May he rest in peace - thank you for everything, Earl.
"LAHV-AH-LOO-VIN" scotch. Is that how you pronounce it? Asking for a friend.
Please don't say "arty."
Running a 5k at Red Rocks this morning. Beautiful morning! Beautiful changing colored trees!
why am i so tired
Date night with mom! Movies and I'll try to talk her into seeing some live music w/ me :-)
Can't wait to see former Oxy student and current President during tonights State of the Union tonight from the
I believe in the sand beneath my toes; the beach gives a feeling, an earthy feeling.
Oh that's just not fair.
Oklahoma: University Oklahoma Sweatshirt
Farm day today with the junior high! Going to be a hot one!
Book one of the Hunger Games is done; I'd like to jump into the 2nd book but need to finish my homework!
Marlynn! Happy New Monday to you, lovely!
I, personally, have time left for possibly one more tattoo around idk, 830 or 9 pm. First come first serve. #3175251106 Come to the shop!!
He's like everyone else. A blowhard. I don't care if he's a successful blowhard, he's a blowhard.
congrats to u and the fam!
Plan ahead for Holiday Parties and $ave at www.patrickscatering.com
It's the truth. And I'm not trying to be a jackass but if I'm coming off as one I'm sorry
no worries! I'll just come next time! thanks!
Want party FREE in DC tonight text luxsundays to 74455
Considering signing up for Myspace only for the music playlist option. Has anyone been on myspace in the last 10 years?
I would've said go MD, but..well, you know ;-) RT : *crickets chirping* RT : Moments until tipoff...Let's go #Duke!
so sorry you had to deal with that!
You wish ---> RT : “A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.” - Elbert Hubbard
Remember, "You can't please everyone, so you got to please yourself." - Ricky Nelson
suffering from a very severe case of i-dnt-give-a-SHIT !
9:30 am vocal recording session=earliest session ever. This is probably illegal in some states.
- great! Since you're a #tweeter please share some insight during lecture durin tomorrow. Thanks!
It's so cool and fun to see you tweet just like the rest of us BHs! :)
It's a hard knock life for us .
Doing benefit for charity, lets change the world, who wants in!
crisis. the printer is out of paper and my final is in 5 minutes
#ThingsWomenWant not me.
Do you think we can make it to 1,500 followers by the end of our #AFT adventure? Share the RDS love!
My feet are getting wet in the rain. Silly me for thinking I could wear flip flops in the 'summer'!
Walk-Talk-Pray moves back outdoors this morning at 8AM. Meet in the parking lot, and yes, of course dogs are welcome!
Is awesome!!! Check her out guys!! :)
link takes me to a CoveritLive with 3/31 stuff on it. Is this correct?
yup. the lead singer and the blonde chick. then her bff and the guy she likes lol so adorable.
Sioux City Bancrofts American Legion Baseball ... - The Link Story
got the Iphone4 :D
I can't wait either!!
_: ? #Twitter #Tip See big typos you tweeted? Delete it and resend corrected! :) .
shhhhh I got one at home that needs some help lol
lol have fun love ya too
Debating if I should chop of my hurrs. What does the #Twitter world have to say?
sounds good!
Awesome Americana band playing old Hank 1 songs at Enid's garden!
feeling a lot better about starting pitching, Hughes looking better too
big news coming up soon!!!
Need to start hitting this gym man time is flying by and July is almost here
Sure did. Has me now somewhat concerned about the New Madris fault. Scary!!!
#childhoodtv not my thing. As a child I listened to pink floyd and re-wrote 5th century literature without using vowels.
...of doing DH training & fostering networking/collaboration without always flying bodies around. If we can't, who can? [-]
Listen up! is starting todays class! Follow him for health tips & knowledge that will change your life!
To maintain a healthy lawn, 1” of water a week is recommended, including rainfall. It’s best to water early in the morning.
Justin doesn't tweet dumb shit, I'm proud of him.
Your right on point. l Pussy couldnt even spell the word nigger.
Thanks to all my new followers, God bless!
when u smile i #smile:):)
Where did this cool breeze come from?
Psh, thanks for putting on a great event for a great cause! :-)
I love a good dance off - thanks for the awesome party!
Coming soon: new radio and streaming specials with Smashing Pumpkins and Nickelback. Msg me for details. Available now: Janes Addiction...
well girl text me or something? is Kent at work? lets hang out cause im pissed too. hahahaha
I aint the one confused you are
I see you're not an Obama fan either haha. Only a year and a half left. You were the best, hockey won't be the same without ya.
hahaha! that was awesome. My boy and I said, "Ah no, you can't give a guy a yellow for that!"
Doc Dre, the Greatest Hip Hop producer ever!
I drank some boiling water because I wanted to whistle
#SOTU upshot: Send me bills we agree on; if we disagree, you're wrong; the nation's great becz we built it together. But I got Bin Laden
Getting Error on Linkedin Share on Website. IE, Ffox & Opera. Didn't try G.
scratch that... second city email says who knows.
:( “: About an hour left until I get to Oakland. #Cruising”
Question is does Ellerman have a shot of beating "real" democrat Lori Compas tonight. We shall see... might be an interesting one to watch.
Things tonight has made me realize: I was never a Whitney Houston fan
Thanks for the connection Mike. We'll send you guys some info!
Scuba was solid. I got there really late coming from another party, so I only caught him and Thomas Melchior upstairs. Good, tho.
Havent been single in a long time..... i feel new to this
Yo what's up with my family I see twitter bust be on the back burner 4 y'all
I'm human, I'm allowed to change my mind. And arguing with you is fun, it's entertaining to watch you try. ;)
Looks like its bound to be another good day, If so we hitting up a waterfront walk again heck yes.
I have a sick fascination on the Mike Daisy This American Life fallout. The conflict of two of my favorite things: theatre & public radio.
Not much, more than 12 "startable" QBs, most teams don't need a QB at all. Difficult to trade them it eems
pretty close to Alabama I reckon ;)
Thanks for tweeting about a Mellen Press book. Arthur Scholar
i need a six month vacation, twice a year.
ive always wandered, how many 6 through 10 year olds i could fight at one time. my estimated guess is 2600..
Please vote for me, Henry Brim candidate for councilman District 7! On September 13, 2011, I will make District 7 a better place!
Audition time
Wow. Havent played a tourney in a while. Forgot what it was like to be card dead. Dont like being reminded
Is it me or is mitch mcconnell and boehner trying to run a train on a girl named america?
perfect. haven't actually been there before=)
Huge thanks to and for a fantastic night of live country music!
What a comeback for the Hawks. Punch one home to tie it up with 5.5 seconds to go.
its raining!!!
Totally. Getting inspired to do a new line of cards for all of us grammar geeks. Time to bring back the sentence diagrams! ;)
by the way we attend The Rock too;)
I really feel inadequate and incapable right now. It's like nothing is ever going to improve, even though things keep improving (sort of)...
I can answer w/ bands: Who, Zeppelin, Stones RT Who are your top 3 musicians that were in their prime prior to 1980?
lol oh hush
and FRIENDS!
Everyone in Ada-go check out The Cries Of... playing at Club Alt tonight-it's still on and close in town. Drive safe! Great music, coffee!
DON'T GIVE UP HOPE!
okay i'm dessprate who want's to be an admin?! you have to be active!! comment if you want to be one! ~Ashley
No worries... Packers got this....
Life is similar 2 an expensive movie u directed all alone thru the struggle dont let anybody casted u out & directed ur moment of glory
I am officially looking for new stockist for my jewelry and #accessories . Any places in mind ?
Story should be long enough to make the point and nothing more #virtualstories. As little as possible, as much as necessary
They are!!! Lol.
So we're all just going to ignore the fact that James Franco should have been in a terrible Dylan biopic by now?
yeah cool
sometimes people tweet things that sound like it was supposed to be a text and I just wonder to myself if they just never make sence or?
SOMEONE TELL ME IF HARRY AND NIALL LEGIT GOT ARRESTED!? IT'S ALL OVER TUMBLR WITH PICTURE'S. AND IM FLIPPING SHIT!
Can't move my fingers to type that well
If you cheat on someone who's willing to do anything for you, you actually cheated yourself.
Honey that's my morning prayer before I get out of bed!": Pssschk. It's time for a Texas beer."
hope you had a lovely weekend, thanks for the #FF :)
Mondays, two a day wrestling practices! >>> exhausted
Stop by and re-fuel for day 2 of the Pumper Show tonight. Great food, drinks and Daytona 500.
it's pencil
ready to talk if someone is around!
What a POWERFUL speech! I'm psyched. =)
My life doesn't need to make sense to you long as it makes dollars for me.
would notice me it would be a dream come true<3
COREY BREWER SPLASH DOWN
Was it the pronunciation of Richard Beccaria? I almost punched my keyboard typing it.
he wants it
Kirschenbaum muses on Krementz's book on author writing photos: also interesting to see the few that have computers
Without struggle, there is NO progress..
Ideas cont… Arg for 401k seems to come down to "we might raid pension again!" So, alt prop has safeguards against raids.
took u long enough... Lol j/k hey new friend!!!
So...the couple making out on my parking lot shuttle is a bit awkward.
damn sexy. I would love to suck your cock and take it raw
Im trying gt signed so if u ain't on wit im on we are not da same
Turning 32 in a few days!
What do you do on your Sunday to chill out?
cannot get enough of your blog!
HAA FASHO.. I GET TO ST. LOUIS 2COME PARTY WIT MY PPL.- U KIDDIN ME? :-)
me2 but i get lonely a lot doe
Immigration Stalls as Opportunities Wane on U.S.-Mexican Border
On iPad with IM+
Ok, I want to book one. What do I need to do?
I'm booking appointments this week in ATL for those needing Automotive services... & slots are filling fast!
It's amazing how you think you look bad in a picture and instagram instantly makes you semi attractive :D
I think it varies “: out of curiosity, what does the officiant say ? "I now pronounce you partner and partner?"”
hey Nate! It's my birthday! :D
So the Dept of Def is now working on energy? What is the Dept of Energy going to do?
That's me standing there in the pic. Word.
I'll never forget the directive: "make your products broadband-ready!"
I'm not gonna lie...he's a little odd.
View this webinar to learn whether the speed at which the Republicans elect their front man has an impact on investments....
We miss you! Hope you are doing great at college, and having tons of fun.
Close your eyes, lean on me. Face to mouth, lips to cheek. Feeling numb in my feet. You're the one to help me get to sleep.
lol right. we are more about it than you are.
Friday night lights!! Ok not really, Just another youth football practice.
Happy halloween everyone! Have a wonderful and safe hallows eve!x)
if you dress up to hit newbury you are better off at SSP, just sayin.
Who gone say the
The progress I made this week took me off guard; Lesson: the microscopic steps forward DO matter even if it seems like they don't
same concept could be applied to Detroit in the Fall. Yes, please hugs
“: Love leaves you broken but friends never do. #ihatequotes”
Sometimes girls listen to they potnas to much .. Do what you feel is best to you..
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not. ~~Dr. Seuss in "The Lorax"
Me: There's no food in the pantry :( Body: Good, you were getting fat.
The world bursts at the seams with people ready to tell you you're not good enough...
well I wasn't done going yet and then it scared me and got my toosh wet. Didn't appreciate it lol
it's gone now
the place to read and be read, join today
So a lot has changed in the past few years but consistently Wesley Snipes is still in jail and Mystikal is going back.. Lol
Are you going to their 20th Anniversary celebration?
“: I'm about to go ham if I get this gig” ---> jus stay gettin that cheese!!!!
Folks always commit to "stop procrastinating" but then provide no detail on what they want to stop putting off! Details help you succeed!
Had so much fun at the dance with my friends
u right on that
Guns N' Roses Reunion Tour
What day are you going? I think and I are going thursday night hours
Mom, please stop calling our waiter Pauly D.
I know y'all saw prodigy!
I kno me neither =))) tomorrow lol!!!
Signed up today its gonna be a good battle!;)
Mashed potatos would totally complete this night.
I've always heard "pricked up his ears" / "his ears pricked up." Now that I'm thinking about it, though, they both seem odd.
Why cant it be snowing so I don't have to go to school tomorrow. -_-
Cotto needs to chill off for 2 rounds then come out with fire!!
follow me
dont worry about me !!!
Prosecutors: Man who robbed Radio Shack tracked down using GPS he stole
ur heart :P
RT Oh man. It's already in the 100's F in PHX. Two words Pool Party
Cesar missing, tired legs, Vancouver's offense or just a bad day?
Everything comes naturally, it comes naturally, when you're with me baby! :]
+1. I just took my dog to a trainer/therapist. Not cheap. And, unlike a kid, it's not like she'll be carrying on my family name
I wish it was just straight Trey they play then i'd be on pandora more
check out video "I'M I'LL" by SHARP HARP on youtube
If buyers are looking at the animal head trophies on the wall they arent seeing themselves in THEIR home. De-personalize.
The time is now
am also totally addicted to Space. OD'ed last night.
Is there any way to disable rich text in iOS 5 Mail? I just want plain text. Now copied text from preserves line height & junk.
I will. I am currently torn between finishing the body of a cardigan I am knitting and reading.
#youcantbenothugif U wear sandals on ur feet! I dnt care what Jay-Z does
I hate you everything
Higher Ed used the term ROI? No way...
It's gonna be just what I needed.
txt me so I can have your number hoe !
Yea I seen Lody on Hollywood
HOLY SHIT TWO HITS! #Pirates win! #Pirates win! That's two straight series wins with the 12th inning walk off!
Dont look like I'm going to sleep anytime soon!
who's got finals all this week?
No juice in the caboose.RT : Money on his mind RT : What's wrong with Pujols?
"Some people called it taking shelter, but she called it sweet revenge."
What a fun fight!
you kids and school. Oh the joys of being done.
Is it wrong I want Vodka and Absinthe DROPS instead?!
Swear where you on yo way to
Family Rental tweeps, how can we be of service? We're proud to offer all of our Twitter followers 10% off on all rental items!
Joel McHale is too big of a star to be on the Emmytones.
RT : I'd love to come too. #gardenchat #IGC12 <-- YES YES!
I am blessed that follows me<3 (:
HOW DO I GET MY T-SHIRTS DESIGNS FEATURED
It was more something someone said to me
Girls who went to Vegas this weekend & showed the world they're groupies via their Twitter timeline...
a bit of an odd RT here, given the context...
That's pretty awesome. Hopefully more people will start reading the comics as a result.
Bring it. Ill pull through anything obstacle you put up.
Crazy statistic! RT : Boston's $78+M on the DL is more than the payroll of 20% of MLB teams
90 minutes till I go home, waiting for calls to come in.
Today's BTU inspiration: "I always prefer to believe the best of everybody; it saves so much trouble." ~Rudyard Kipling
i actually just saw the video game you have set to release online. looks awesome and yes i love the show
My CHRO/Effective #Leadership Developement theory?...They don't know what kind of leader they are trying to build...no leadership strategy
wish you were here Johnny...
I wanna play my music but my moms still awake. Fuck it. I'll do it anyway.
but then when they're good will you like them?
The New Year is already starting out to be pretty interesting. More soon.
That akward moment when u sneeze in a room full of ppl that dont like u!!! Lol
NO OTHER CITY THAT I'D RATHER BE!<3
Register and Vote, African-Americans for Obama 2012.
Congratulations! What is the new job?
2:44 left in the National Championship. Delaware leads Oakland 4-1.
"Education is not preparation for life; education is life itself. John Dewey"
You just need to click on the link, which is in the tweet. It will take you to the page. Most of the offers are time bound.
That Draw Something app is really pointless for me to have because I never have anyone to play with :( I've only played it like twice =\
aww...thank u!
I'd this freezes 1 more time, I'll kill somebody.
so I guess not :x
My mom is the only girl who makes me a sandwich. :(
How you doin <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
cool- is relaunching ipad app to reflect unique 2nd screen preferences of primetime viewers
Hello fascination
Green Beer is tapped!
How stupid is it to decide which skin tone is better? Then they still got the shit wrong. My skins brown, but they label my culture black.
Congrats! We'll miss you.
I've listen to them, sound good. We only play songs on the charts, so if they can get there, then we can play them.
well i get to leave class early WITH a sombrero on, and its for a good cause:) so im down!
Happy birthday to Colombia. Today is the country's 200th birthday!
Typo of the day: seventeeth street
Dodgers on the way to 162-0
I'd say 8. The first months are the worst. But there's a critical mass after a while and it is totally doable.Go for it
Window Design Center has AAMA and factory trained window and door installers. Make sure to ask about installation.
Happy FREAKEN Birthday Gaga #Love-ya hope you had a great day just like I did with :) !*)
Talkin to my big bro Bossman...
its like i want you to know but i dont wanna tell you.
Hi Wendy, haven't heard from you in a while. Thanks for following me :)
I wanted to text you but, then I remembered we don't talk anymore. but yea
Ya boy is back and goin hard in the paint. They going to feel me on this 1, I'm on my way in my Ice Berg voice..!!
<U+2640>Never try to convince anyone of your worth. If they can't see it for themselves, then you are not in their line of vision<U+2640>
Hi we are offering the social media course, it is geared equally to academics/publics
Israel is only Middle East country that provides shelters for victims of #humantrafficking via
Ha! That is awesome!
We're Growing FAST = Time to Hire! Wanted: Full-Time, experienced #Joomla Web Developer. Message me for more info & plz RT for ur friends
During a performance I forget about time and life's limitations.Thank you to all the nice folks at the show last night.
lovin' Chicago already and let's meet up tomorrow!
I still think Kanye West is an absolute genius.
All of a sudden let's go back to not hustling, boxing out or protecting the ball.
My heart big but it beat quiet
Thank you very much for your mention!
Good to hear back on
I hate sleeping alone
Haha that's just his natural state stance. Our gutters were working so we did better than some others in the neighborhood!
RT : I'm sleepy and my phone's on yellow :-(
Hi Adam, Im good thanks for asking..hope things r good with you, nice hearing from you,.oh did you get my book yet?
Double Take Kisses!
#curators #AAMC, vote for , Outstanding Exhibition in 2011. We're finalists in two categories!
what....a shock.
Front porch slight breeze good conversation kind of night.
John Reul thought it was funny to put my number next to 2 ipads on Craigslist....I put his number next to Sebastian on AdultGayFriendFinder
Some people have no filter...
thank you and for making my car rides more enjoyable :)
no. lol I'm not eve a pimp. :O
let the light of your face wash away my pain. For in your arms, there is no harm for me. I give it all, i cannot fall, fall away from love
@ a career x-roads? Join me 9/15 @ 12noon for my interview w/Karen Kodzik, author of Navigating Through "Now What?" www.theWATTnetwork.com
Lotties Lounge is proud to serve the 98118 community. Looking forward to spring!
no im just stupid
never understood how parents can think violence won't beget more violence ;-)
just wondering what thought of The Fray's version of the National Anthem last night???
Cannot wait for your class tonight!
tell you what; I'll write you a gushing fan letter. It'll start: Dear Reader, Thank you so much for actually caring...
Lots to think about re: staffing the ref desk with students. Butler has a good model.
Yet coverage by those old media-types of the Clippers—who are explicitly minor league—daily surpasses that of the
": LOITER SQUAD TOMORROW SWAG SWAG SWAG" straight Af ma nigha haha 1st time I'm actually guna "Watch" tv
Yo did you use to go to sixers camp in Pa back in the day with my girlfriend Allana?
happy holidays!
Our Special #Holiday Shopping Edition is in your inbox! Check it out today!
Hey thanks for stopping by before heading to #SMBMAD - sounds really interesting!
Hit me up if u want me to shout u out or send me sum tweet-peeps if u want me to follow them
Blair , oh Blair oh Blair. My man u are fine, fiinne, fione, as hell. DAMN u fine!
I'm new in twitter... please follow me :)!
The #UPEIAN105 exam will be on paper, complete with fancy schmancy university exam booklets.
It's official! I'm seeing you boys on June 28th 2013! :)
Plasma : matter ; y : vowels
Historians are like deaf people who go on answering questions that no one has asked them. -Leo Tolstoy
Over the #weekend we #lost a mother and a daughter who was killed by the hands of her father and husband. RIP
Fantastic weekend...sunshine today. Near 80 (great beach day). Sun & clouds for Mom's day. Highs in the upper 70s. Enjoy!
I've said that at least once a week since starting diet change.
Lunch at Smoke Shack - I practice what I preach - yum!
Looking like a disaster to school everyday. That's me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Seski hear big thunder. Fur wet. Go to cave.
glue what? A tray of shooters
how have you been?
#yvwebcast Question: How much prayer goes before each feature you introduce?
Chess can be described as the movement of pieces eating one another,
Would love to read reviews of first season STC and parallel to language/metaphors for Girls.
awww u and cutie look cute
rockin a photo shoot for the comic book in Hollywood!
Heh. I love that I brought highbrow to the Avengers episode!
I wish I was cool enough to have a private twitter
I hate how it takes me 30 minutes to make breakfast, but only 2 to eat it.
For steve.museum research, I'm seeking visual description archives (maybe created for Art Ed for the Blind progs?), analog ok. Anyone?
The most common phrase in China: "Hey! You look familiar!"
go 2 www.arenafootball.com and vote 4 dad into the HOF arena. go halfway down the webpage and will see HOF vote link.
Possibly. I may be at the Byron Nelson. Saw your brother today
i just realized i was your first tweet. #honored lmfao
speaking of top chef, in MKE tomorrow? Quite possibly the greatest news on earth!
Looks like it's really true. I'm deeply saddened - two greats pass away: one in the ring and one on the mic. Too much...
Join us tonight at Dave and Busters at 6:30 for the 2010 Arthritis Walk Kick Off Meeting. Free to attend.
Airlines will be required to disclose baggage fees.
Planning beta launch of Emerge Art Center within the Art Works Downtown space in San Rafael. Stay tuned for scheduling updates Marin peeps!
Hahaha my DVR'D dance mom miamis... BUT I'm thinking about starting Mad Men tonight and getting season 5 like you said on itunes
oh no it's some bullshit, love you too!
Arghh. More Frikkin toll roads replacing free roads in central Texas. Folk vote Republican then complain when they do these things.
bout to go to bodies exhibit!
okay I will, my 7th pd teacher emailed her that I wasn't there, that's why. Bitchasssssss lol
a CNN interview with optic bigtymer
No when Blaine was arguing with Kurt about him "cheating" i was in tears!! Lol
Go choke on cinamon for me
guy's rocked it tonight! I'll never look at tadpoles or Godzilla the same!And yeah, it's scary that my hubby knows that song!
every damn time it rains, there's an accident at the same damn intersection on my morning commute.
Can it be august...please
Good day to make things happen yo, If you aren't about business then its a waste of time.
We love Him because He first loved us. 1 John 4:9-10
I'm moving quickly toward being either for or against everything. For example: I am against starfish.
American Reunion.. Movie is hilarious.
did you see 1D
#shoutout to I'll get like you soon
knowing him, he'd want to watch.
I have a new crush and it's called Content Aware Fill!!
u sound like u need a hug.. Or a cookie*
Tallking to my dad about relationsshipps
I'm gonna have to act like a faux romantic like to get a bunch of followers.
Evil little brat. :P
In 2012, organizers and exhibitors will continue to integrate tablets into the marketing, sales, and operations workflows of their events.
Went to the Concert last night. I had a blast! You guy's were amazing!
yeah sure
DC Get out and vote tommorrow! Show this govt doesnt move swiftly on #trayvonmartin They will see you at the election booth again in Nov
Oh noes! Torn away by the lures of learning Blender.
I. love my sister Sheri .
i now rko was going to win
Ppl I hang with:A real tall azz nigga,a short chill azz niggah,a tall dark-skinned nigga,a scrawny black short nigga,and..
If only I was smart and could jailbreak this iPod.
I know, crazy right?!?!
Cant sleep..... who's up?
u always seem to have a great time at work
they ran out of chicken.. and waffles.
when i try the least...i gain the most
A shout out to all the local social service workers who work to strengthen families and prevent child abuse and neglect
Irony. Reading Einstein quote that passion is integral right next to notice of three more days of standardized tests next year.
Who are the best brand consultants in the US?
has tried repeatedly to engage the Republicans, all they wanted was to make him and the country FAIL! No to EVERYTHING!
im from jersey orig but i live in vegas now
Things get testy between Prof. Dickel and an unnamed questioner in the HR roundtable!!!
Mee too ,, It took over my bed so im sleeping on the floor tonight ! LOL ;D
"We must let go of the life we had planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us." - Joseph Campbell
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.
I'm so fuckin hungry!
HUGE THANKS to the wonderful Chris Tourre from for making AlphaBeer V a success! You rock!
it's okay. Thanks, well, now my iPod is charging so it won't die. I just wish the boys could read this and hit "follow" :)
That's what DeJesus said, and She said, "I'm going to do my research."
I'm done. Where the hell is Friday..
Burt Fisher from Prairie Hills has set the bar for the Faucet Repair at 19.63 seconds!
it's not the easiest but YES, it can be done...are you moving to NYC?
#DearTaylorSwift , thank you for being you. You're amazing, inspiring, gorgeous, beautiful just the way you are.
3 days down
What are some thing you would like to see me help out with in Dallas?
It's the Tuesday Afternoon Question: What was the last experiment you conducted in your artistic practice?
I can't believe what Von Miller said...doesn't he realize the Broncos might not get Manning and Mario?
Ice cold at that free throw line! The 'ship!
I just saw Frank Catalano walking down the street in a shirt that said "FRANK CATALANO". Who does that?
Thanks so much for the well wishes!
...and my poker game has taken multiple leaps forward. So I guess I'm...... due to take a big step back?
Hey everyone :]
"The day is mine The night is also mine."
It should all corners of USA
awww i miss my pplz :P
The self-checkouts would confuse and frighten all the senior citizens, that's why.
Jesus ignored their comments and said... "Don't be afraid, just trust me" Mark 5:36
Thank you Lord Jesus that AP II test is done and over with! #Hallelu!!!
I can really see what is important to people.
sure:) x
Early morning and a garage on fire in northeast Albuquerque—a homeowner's attempt to put it out herself and smoke-inhalation and a hospital.
I am trying apple cider vinegar . . . anyone else do this???
Thanks, man!
#FRIDAYFIGHTAGAINST animal abuse
Sensors in learning analytics? Seems to be entering into an ethical grey area
Hi Jennifer, I want to send you an email, but the email address I have for you isn't working. Did you change yours?
RIP Davy Jones. I loved watching the Monkees tv show when I was little. He had the best voice.
Traffic traffic looking for my chapstick
My mom yells when something bad/not really all that bad happens but she will do nothing to prevent it from happening.
Hi Laureen, Thanks for the mention!
i swear my brain doesn't turn on until after midnight
I love how and are still soo close to their "mates" from australia even tho they dont see them very much!
After my daughter went to bed last night, my hubby and I cleaned out the refrigerator. What thrilling lives we lead.
Long day so far. I need a new car....
found a box full of liquidrone stuff this morning. lots of fun digging thru it. scans to follow.
After recapturing some of the losses from yesterday,it was right back into sell mode as prices hurtled disturbingly toward even lower prices
yea. Did you ?
Trey Wingo is still a massive tool.
no game tonight, but catch us in action next Monday at Goodman Field, 8:30 as we take on the Hitmen!
because I said so
One of my favorite quotes!! RT : Only the guy who isn't rowing has time to rock the boat. ~ Sartre
completing an artwork site
QR codes used to turn prayer into audio stops at a local Episcopal school to engage early readers. Pretty neat idea!
I wouldn't call myself hardcore... but if it runs the risk of hurting her I won't do it.
Well it just #obviously wouldn't be a King's ceremony without a well-intentioned slam on Inviso.
And you're seeing what happens when you do that. Who cares? At the very least you have Courtney and several others from there
Going to the Magic Kingdom w/ my nieces today!!! Lots of excitement today!!!
Planet of the workaholics?
do not settle for letting these waves settle and for the dust to collect in your veins.
I had a bunch after I graduated which was great. I was able to get a loan for most of my first year. But, I'm paying that off now.
Happy Wednesday, Mike!
where do I text u now then?
I just saw pajama jeans at Wal-Mart. :( Really?
Nothing but laughter at IMPROVFEST! #W&M's IT is hilarious!
Get any Antec fan case. Amazing price and performance.
Why lie about things? You had the balls to do it, have the balls to own up to it.
#SinceWeBeingHonest Let's admit it, that sometime, we all Retweet a tweet because we want someone to read it, and send them a message.
The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 30 feet (9 m).
Reading MRS COONEY IS LOONY by Dan Gutman wt my 8 yr old son. Hilarious! Cool gateway book. Work him up to the harder stuff later.
At church pretty sure I'm about to burst into flames...
Christmas Cupid! =))
BUT WHEN WE TOUCH,I REALIZE,THAT I FOUND MY PLACE IN HEAVEN BY YOUR SIDE ...:)))
Im Gonna Be Up ALL Night , I Took That Long Ass Nap !
is hiring! Please spread the word... Interested applicants can email .
How are you do u want to come to our school middle school at parkside Manchester NH
Well, at least it's Thursday.
and if you got something to say about me mention me bitch , dont let that soft shit fool you . . . . .
Kobe tired !
What a great body, man!
definitely! (just so you have context, Andrew and Melissa are engaged! and he's super awesome!)
If I had a dollar for every coupon forcibly crammed in my tiny mail box, I would be able to pay of the #US deficit. AND buy some egg salad.
What a busy fucking day!!
Cool! Follow us dm contact info RT : Oh let do it
And or my virginity.
goodnight! Your amazing and wonderful and I hope you never change!(:
When my boyfriend is drawing me in draw something I get excited, until I realize he drew me getting hit by a car. The word was
It's puppy day! Now about 7 weeks till we take the little puddin home
Just started on Curb Your Enthusiasm! I've been missing out on brilliant comedy all these years...
thanks for the tip! sounds cool. Am definitely in need of something like it. Checking it out! Xo
We felt bad for Calypso but he looks like he's getting along _just_ fine. :-D cc:
There's nothing like VEGAS, we offer DISCOUNT RATES and for the CASINO PLAYERS Comp Rooms plus more check us out @ www.myvegaspeople.com
I'm happy when I wake up with unread text messages.... Not so happy when I find out they're from Twitter.
#ImSickOf people who bash on Twilight nonstop. I don't like it either, but damn..
TURN THE BASS LOUD TIL MY EARS BLOW OUT
My brothers girly friend !!
when is your fight
u started out of trouble lady night? Cause u be cursing people out and clowning, lol
Lol my exs step mom told me I was to pretty to be wasting my time on him....gotta love her<3
so, I've decided to be you for halloween this year. suggestions..?
that's what we all do good luck :)
Just Released a mass email and now everyone knows! Jack Squad coming to all major retail outlets May 19th, 2009. Get Ready for Release Party
About to head in to work, keeping my head to the sky and hoping for brighter days cause' lord knows this ain't the life.
And some ppl well say its not a good idea idk!!
I know lol it's so messed up. If you're a chick liking a guy getting out of a relationship you're a ho.
Killed it at Triple Threat again tonight. Home to recover and be subjected to the neighbors' yippy, nerve-grating dogs.
IF I DO FOR YOU WHAT YOU DONT DO FOR ME I THINK YOU GETTIN OVER FUCK IT
Whats up turtles? :)
WATCHING OUR NEW #NEVERSAYNEVERDVD ..
Maybe "NOONIE" will get some outfield play?
Lol at most haunted.
It's freaky how Onion-esque the news from Congress seems lately (well, more than usual..)
omg everyone keep tweeting #2010biebersyear ! (: come on .
OMG okay that was the funniest thing ever! Are you 5? Lmfao I love ! :)
i know but i've been getting so much crap from my mom lately that words seem to start hurting more again
So my sweater is hand wash only?! Man I ain't about this life at all. I need to call over #oomff 's
There goes my baby!!!
heading out to nebraska. Just saw signs for Rockford. Hope all is well.
Happy Holidays from RMG!
Happy Hump Day my tweeties! :)
i feel a little late on this one....HAPPY BIRTHDAY #KidsInTheStreet is awesome. Thanks for giving the world such snazzy tunes
Holocaust trivialization is just below Holocaust denial on the sins-against-decent-speech ladder.
I love how I always do everything I am supposed to and more...In the end I STILL get the shitty end of the stick...There is no Karma
This weekend is gonna be fun.(:
I know it's embarrassing for you, but every time you mention dubstep I think back to when you pronounced it "dead-mau-five" lol
Super soaked.
Cool. Hopefully it's something I'll be privy to. lol.
Cool idea!
Let's make that a habit! Hugs!
I think i sent it to the wrong person aha. hold on.
hey every1 I am over tweet limit again :(
Common sense often makes good law. ~ William Orville Douglas Associate Justice United States Supreme Court (1935 - 1975)
: Monday's sneaky like that. I've learned not to trust Monday.
The Choice looks awful from the commercials.
thanks for the FF!
I was intrigued w/all your info. I listened to recordings like 20x :) Wanted to include all story details but word count limited me
Is that Lizzie Maguires best friend on New Girl?
We're excited to have you study here! Let us know if you have any questions as you prepare to come.
Happy Mothers' Day to all you moms out there. Have wonderful day.
Happy Resurrection Day!
Sometimes I find houses so confining
RT : 37 US campus occupations so far this academic year. What do you think that number will be by Friday?
i have a meet on thursday im running 2 events
*3000 voice* ICE COLD!!!
Watchin waiting to exhale
why'd you leave?! Redondo is awesome!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Game at Union City <U+E420><U+E404>
Glad to!
i am so done
#TellHimYouLoveHim because his mother hate u
There's no end to the hypocracy & self contradiction; no wonder they've ended up w/ a guy like Romney.
I'm not sure if Brian McKnight is serious or not. But either way, its brilliant. He hasn't been this relevant since he started Back at One
yeah i hit u up so i could pick that up but no answer
Blake Griffin is an atrocious passer. Not even recognizing what a quality pass choice is, but executing a standard pass to the chest.
That I know! :)
i'm alright! How about you?:) i LOVE YOU!!:)
"A real man doesn't make his lady jealous of other women, he makes other women jealous of his lady"
cant to hear her sing
shoutout to #family the realest thing u got in this fucked up world
I just got to view the documentary vid from our week at Red Bull Studios LA. I love it! I can't wait to share it! SOON
#fangirling right now ! since you said you love austin <33 That sessy beast !
Let me finish that thought, thank you Lee, Sue and our fabulous models!
One of the best movies of all time.
l'm sure they'll postpone it
The devil is a lie!
Today is shaping up to be a TUMS day.
As much as I am... RT : Anyone want to take bets on how much work I'm getting done today?
is about to knock the socks off Can't wait to see these guys go in. Every campaign is killer.
Yo, shout out to Interrobang Films...they are a bunch of brilliant surgeons when it comes to filming/director/editors
Cnt stop believing...jst live ur life and never give up..
3 unfollows, 7 new followers. Such as life we all move on. Keep telling people to grow up on Twitter, you tell jokes on Twitter all day ha
Hope my dad is okay, he's in Alaska & I'm hearin they had an earthquake?!
not falling for this again.
Thanks! It's appreciated
I have only two 2010 Navigators left...come see me Tony Shannon 678-668-0075
#ConfessionNight when I'm alone at night, I think of worst case scenarios.
On May 10 would celebrate the All IN graduation, just 7 more days!
don't buy drugs
I shoulda went out 2nite but I was too tired
Santa Monica improved to 17-6 & 7-0 in the Ocean League with a 75-52 victory over Inglewood. Solomon Singer had 20 points and 12 rebounds
shut up ugly !
Congratulations LOBOS!!! WOOF, WOOF, WOOF!!!
Man oh man. That coffee just did the trick like no other coffee. Went from sheepish to alive.
whats up redhead?
All the children and their parents are at the zoo today. Parking lots full. Neighborhoods full. I'm escaping.
You're so kind. Thank you!
Whenever I see a car with an "Italia" bumper sticker on it, I always write “Gen” in front of it because I’m an adult.
followed :) and merry christmas eve <3
will you ever change your avatar? Make it match the show theme! Like the next one, spandex.
RT If you are a fan of B.F. Skinner's work, boy have I got a treat for you.
and it probably helped kelly stoltz pay his rent. Hooray that licensing isn't just about main stream bands anymore.
I'm so jealous.
talk to me RT : Tf am I spose to do in a half hour for a break at work?
Pageant moms disgust me
Just watched "Joe Gibbs racing" and I have to say go Denny Hamlin!! I can't wait until the 14th!
think snow!! that's the sign in my neighbor's yard. btw - it's 81 degrees in miami today.
Girls need a pimp I mean a manager? I need some $ where? Customers
"Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened "...
Until I get a diamond ring, another ring will just have to do.
NGOs are lagging behind in the use of social media..They can even have a hybrid model where they also broadcast the tweets on radio
I know haha I had like an 87% goin into the final so I'm gonna be right on the border of an A and B if she doesn't curve
Our dedicated followers: Help us bring quality information about hybrid and online teaching to educators. Have your followers, follow us!
Yeah it was fun, encouraged by the large crowd
I wonder if will ever notice me
In non-Rahm news, epic happenings in Egypt today. My thoughts with all there fighting for freedom and for a better world.
Feeling horrible. Did not expect that.
I like dialogue that is all about who the character is, not all about the writer liking the sound of his own voice.
trivia night at
call Jenny xD
The big game today is #MSUMich - and a big WIN it was for the SPARTANS!! It was about time we show those fools who's boss! #MSU 64 - Mich 54
Taking the day for myself.
Serving this evening: Grilled Wild Salmon w/ our own Organic Chard, argula, yellow tomatoes www.ilpiattopdx.com Making melon sorbet 2day
Android Ships 33M Smartphones to Lead World: Canalys
it sucks lol... now its fine.. but I thought you went up there because you had something lined up? Is there anything I can do?
Early returns on th #Packers draft is a big double thumbs up from FREEMS
Mike Brown just threw up in his mouth on Live TV. Good job controlling you team busta.
Yes, me and Rick Ross. He held it down this weekend. Much Love.
Bye to all ! /: see you later bbss!
unfortunately, a common occurrence/mistake on the web!
also with that fire smoke not being heathly for your breathing it's also not good for the skin pls make sure to wash ur face!
Europe holds its breath as France heads to the polls (News)
Why is Playa Fly still performing in clubs tho ?
No school for me today -eating miked's
I’ll be here until [UMW] & I decide otherwise… I’m 77 years old, totally blind, and legless. I can’t go out and get married. - James Farmer
Thank you for listening! Leave a voicemail sometime, k? :)
Clean up your act; your story's getting dusty. Wash out your mouth; your lies are getting rusty.
The mall it is
What this I'm hearing about WIll Smith. What is going on???
It takes me a week to find time to read the Sunday nytimes - how do people get a new paper every day and not feel overwhelmed?! Ahh! :)
I had a good time with my baby look forward the next time
Technology has made our lives easier, the downfall is that we are too dependent on it.
#iss2011 is maintaining vast print collections is very expensive and we need a new model? Paul Courrant
I think about Chipotle burrito bowls way too much.
confirmed jelly
TONIGHT! Irie Sundays. Reggae Music - Dancehall - Soca - More with +
Lets go Nadal!
The Meek Shall Inherit the EARTH
Lol trying to get ready girl.
Somedays your the bird..other days the bird poo...today im the poo.
Error 404: This user has completely disintegrated due to the existence of
LOL YES! :p
give wiffiti a look, seems to be pretty neat. Can display hash tags and certain users with a customized bacground
"That teenager sure must hate pumpkins!" My toddler channeling Navin R. Johnson from the Jerk to explain the sad sight in our driveway!
Mexican resturants make most there money off drunk college kids
Brain Floss: Several studies have found that black or green tea has ntibacterial powers that help prevent cavities and gum disease.
I want to wish my wife a #HappyBirthday. Hope you a have wonderful day wife!!! I lowe you [with a strong Indian accent] ;-)
RT on DVD & Blu-Ray: Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol and Shame This week, pickings are slim yet again, but at the very least, most o
music makes you lose control.
I fixed the gutters today. Now I'm waiting on it to rain so I can see if they work. Is that sad, or what?
"God didn't put us on earth to be ordinary." Coach Lou Holtz
ABC Family does that too (PLEASE don't ask why I watch ABC Family :-)
M yes a glass of Chardonnay. Aromas: Lemon zest Green apple Toasty oak. Structure: Medium bodied Balanced acidity Rich finish
Thanks to REBIRTH BRASS BAND and everyone who came out to TIPITINAS Saturday night!
's songs have always matched how I've felt along life's journey. Feels good knowing u aren't the only 1 feeling a certain way.
Sunday is Earth Day! #Miami is celebrating by Saluting the Sun! Join 3 fab teachers for a 90 minute yoga class at 10am. Only $10!
If only that we're true. I'm just an admirer.
Finally got my inspection sticker. Some loose wiring was making the engine light go on and off.
ha! Next time!
“: Worst words to hear: "get on the end line"” so true yuna:)
>Thank you
End of the top of the 7th, OLLU and HV tied at 1.
Poor dogs. After all these years they still freak out when I start screaming at the TV.
When random people talk to you.
#Hungry Enjoy a #Usinger or #Groppis #sausage CheeseMart #Cheese Breadsmith rolls #Milwaukee pickles &a #Sprecher cola on this fine
I feel like I'm a hopeless romantic
Why can't release the album right now. Seriously y'all I'm going crazy, I can't wait.
will help create jobs in the US unlike many other pet products. It's all natural and made using alternative energy sources.
Wateva Guernes lol..... your still considered a HATER in my book. And if you didn't kno my opinion counts lol...not YOURS!
gotta love truck fires at 5:30 a.m. shutting down the interstate. hope driver is ok
We really are like twins aren't we? If we ignore my limp, straight blonde hair and your gorgeous dark curls! :-)
Hell no! Hate those fools!
Like on the way back to LI
I would choose team umizoomi lol
yes, would have liked to catch up with both of y'all face to face!
RT : #atlwomen Sometimes things don't fit anymore. Friends, environment, etc.
What a dinner on the lighter side? Try our atkins platter, thai lettuce wraps, green smoothie and more!! #nydinner WE DELIVER
thank you :] now following u:]
'American Idol' Finale Predictions: It's Scotty's Time
not im not the same person is you, i different.
Not sure why it is so difficult to find a normal roommate in the Orlando area.
#ThatAwakwardMomentWhen you're eating lunch & someone's toupee falls off. <3.
And let's not talk abt teeth omg if I was a nigga I would be so picky and u couldn't even suck my dick if ur mouth ain't no a toothbrush
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune. – Jim Rohn
You think Im buying a house or something?
Are you enroute to #BlogHer11 ? Let me know! If so, u need to stop by our Happy Hour for a cocktail tomorrow night :)
Networking is one activity occurring in media which, when used properly for business, creates business value. How's that?
Haha! Oh are you?!
Just got a twitter?
Has finals week next week. Fuck. -.-'
breakfast, lunch and dinner ....plus 3 baskets of chips.
About 50-60 #DCFD Firefighters just took seats at the #StateoftheDistrict address. This should be interesting.
Starting my day
Trying to decide if it's classic rock or modern rock in the office today... hmm.
As did I. I am happy happy
misses me..
Free show tonight 8PM at !
So sleepy!!!
I dunno if I've ever seen that many empty seats for a BIg Ten game...WTF!
My son's spring concert was a success.
thanks for the love! Will keep you in the loop and share the goods soon. I love what you're up to. Perhaps we can collab! ; )
NBA Playoffs
Has lost a contact ugh!
Whilst gazing at the mirror, he realized he knew and understood more about the mirror itself than the person being reflected in it.
Yo mamma is so dumb that when she put paper in front of the TV she thought she was watching pa-per-view.
it's not too late! happy you made it :)
Deal or Dud? Coors Light Home Draft = Dud. The tap stops working when jug is half empty.
y are u so quiet tonight. i know u have alot too say.
“I was born with a reading list I will never finish.” - Maud Casey
unless keyword in Ruby: keeping DeMorgan's Law alive since '98
Transcription of testimony regarding malicious destruction of someone's church pew ca. 1725
Cabinets and Toilets are all 50% off at the Clark County Store for a limited time...we're overstocked! Come get yours before it's too late!
My sister said she gonna have a BF. I was like what?! She said A Bitch Fit!
I almost forgot how nessicistic you are X'D
Having a productive day despite the tasty beverages from last night.
That's quality parenting! Nice work! Enjoy the Wisconsin sports spectacular this weekend.
is Sterlign too "old school" to be on Twitter? #Packers fans would love to see him on here!
copy and paste me
Know you got a roommate call me when it's no one there
Can't wait
Spending money on just me.
and as for Hulk, I thought the writers did a great job of showcasing both the terror of him & great physical comedy.
Another day at school... :( Nervous/excited :| idk what to expect!
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln.
Lol. You got that right. Got something for my name sake
RT": Hey mama , we chillen next week though right." Hell yea! We need to shop! I'll be there I think Thursday
Mind Eraser > MT : Only 5 More Days Until our Season Pass Sneak Peek. Which ride are you going to ride first?
Something that I didn't think I'd have to worry about in 2011... my fantasy basketball draft.
you are an angel sent from heaven FYI RT
If you care for social cycles, that Dr. Who contributors chart would make more sense with a log scale, eh?
"If you want a rainbow; you gotta put up with the rain"
not too much content in the concept. Green frogs too...
damn it.
even tho i havent talked to you in a long timee, i still think bout you! & o,boy when i walk behind you your smell carrys everywhrre ...
My friends get me thru everything (:
Sometimes our work on issues within ourselves is the hardest. We (the ego) judge ourselves so harshly.
hang in there lol
What makes GREAT Instructional Design via
NICE! Work that thang! =)
he needs a better pd
I would rather love now & face the consequences later than to never love at all.
I bought our winning ticket for Friday. See you in Vegas!
Thanks for RT. Read your Nov 27 post but only after mine was already live. Thanks for IU link.
yo im so in love with yours words and how u express them .....
On this day 2001, P. Diddy, was arrested in Miami for riding a scooter in South Beach on a suspended driver's license. That's funny!
like Alex and Austin <3
Bahhh! You know I so wish I could be there! Have one on me!
That's lovely. Happy New Year to you all.
We are proud to introduce our newest partner, , featuring gorgeous, handmade jewelry by local artist/designer Lori Clabaugh.
Can I just take a vote real quick? Anyone else out there think that Joe Anderson (who plays Max in Across The Universe) is REALLY sexy?
Live and DIE by the 3
Wouldn't Ziggy be a better comparison? Little guy trying to hard to make it big.
“: It's now baseball season.” .... And slowpitch softball season!
if you charge $70 per head and leave red meat off the entree menu, don't expect me to come to your banquet
I made my momma cry this morning....in a good way though. I love that woman lol Happy Mother's Day
Happy birthday :D
Shit I'm chillin watching the game I'm not going out till thurs RT : what you on
"eat a...stuffed ball of shit" -scott loving me.
ready when you are!
Loosing Respect for people is my Theme for this past week
I can't freaking wait to see The Avengers!!!!
#wtf #furthur practically sold out the #beacon in a few minutes, I don't think many tickets are left for the remaining shows. Hurry
Is there any bigger punk in soccer than Balotelli? I've hated him since his Inter Milan days.
Did he answer you in the form of questions? RT : A4: Alex trebek, he was a cruise mate in the Galapagos
I moved around quite a bit. I've done it all, SNF, HH, hospital, school, acute...
Fish is food not rubbish! Don't scuttle the discards ban on Monday
my friend loves ur music and today is her Birthday! :-)
Nice priorities, jerkface ": ...finals are ruining our lives. No dice tonight. #FUCKYOUSCHOOL"
Feliz San Valentine
Visited my friend Anthony in his rehab center tonight.. So proud of him & the progress he has made.
Not guilty, but still a baby killer
Hey Rachel! Didn't get a chance to say hi. We need to chat soon.
Just deleted all negative sounds and whining hip hop that took up half my ipod. Optimism should never have enemies.
city for Lenny Kravitz. Raphael Saadiq opened and is fantastic. Check him out.
Might as well give Cam Newton the MVP now...at least according to Jim Mora.
Working on another #5kday at Dancing Goats Coffee in Decatur. M, gingerbread latte and completely wretched writing.
I tried drunk packing before this trip and didn't go 2 well. Been trying to piece outfits together all weekend
Im about to clean out all the clutter in my life........
Actually, it sounds like your describing the guy I saw. I didn't see the cat at first because he had a dog on a rope too.
Feeling good tonight
'old school' is the new school 'old fashioned'. On the flipside, 'postmodern' is the old fashioned 'new school'.
Welcome, soldier.
yeah you joke alright but who is the one getting the 40s right now?? LOL YOU.
Good morning Bullets fans
TWEET #1500 ! I dedicate this to #teamDUNDEE. Shutout to the best friend a guy could ever ask for! May babies ROCK!
By Carter Maness Azealia Banks may have as many songs as beefs at this point. Following her recent spat with T.I. and Ig
In Chicago. Getting food and then resting up. Big week ahead & looking forward to it.
Our Lord & King reigns forever!!!!!
Look at me, I'm the King of New York! RT : Woke up with Newsies songs in my head. :)
#endoftheworldconfessions I'm on a horse.
Just got one of your T's Alive On Purpose Logo T-shirt Can't wait to wear it. !!!
We so just won that game!!!
Don't make buttons that say "publish". It scared people. Try "share" or "good enough" instead.
Hey guys, you found me!
let me cough out this little carbuncle i've got in my chest; they say it's called a heart.
glenn was just on.
Thanks ! 5-10% of people remember a stat. 65-70% remember a story. You do the math...
No day is guaranteed.. .rest in peace Whitney Houston. My heart really aches. Rest in peace. You have done your justice here.
I'll be in San Diego Sunday and maybe Monday :(
First time watching "full metal jacket" great movie......
Admit your mistakes before someone starts exaggerating them.
AWW! Well maybe someday!
Only 58 followers /: Come one people. Help me out here ! Share me and I'll share you back:)
Some females think they better than they are. I'm the one to put them in they place.
nice talk. Eager to see in what other ways Facebook will promote frequent lightweight interactions w brands
seeing this eases the pain of being a #Browns fan...haha
We have a couple of great foreclosures that R in move in condition. Pls contact me 4 more info. Gates and Mendon
All men of action are dreamers. -James G. Huneker
Is Google Voice nu beschikbaar in BE?
Ginny keeps sneezing and I keep saying bless you. After I say bless you she comes over and licks my hand. D'aw.
Thursday maybe. Sounds like a good time.
Oh thank goodness, for a second I thought you meant (I get David Gibbons and Debbie Gibson confused all the time)
Why is it always me. Stuck in a haunted warehouse...
If Im going to have vet they need to be able to actually play, play winning basketball and know how to win.
so stressed with EVERYTHING!!!
Big night. Burnett has to get us through 5 solid.
I supplemented my income while home pregnant & now and w/my little one. A huge relief for me! Happy to explain if you need.
no webcam...
While I respect any players decision to walk away when they choose to, it's never fun seeing someone go when they can still play well.
hoping for a productive day
It has some value in gaining and holding attention, but it has no persuasive value at all
is looking within, with intent, within tents, with intensity, within tent city.
The only choice I had was selling ______?
maybe wen im done eating
At this point, I'm pretty sure I'm colder than Ice Cube.
#Reginaspektor best vocal drummer...around
This weather makes me want to play volleyball with Firman
thank you :)
Happy birthday !
the jersey I stole from you. I don't even know where it is now
GET MONEY
Where the wild short boys are?
Crap!!! School starts today!! Uggghhhhhhh
OMG. "Y.O.L.O you only love #onedirection"
Who wants 30 minutes of free coaching? RT and follow us to win! use #coachwho - winner announced on Tuesday!
School was good :) <3
Slept in, still tired. Long night. Busy day a head.
it wasn't a low blow babe ur right that's what were suppose to do..it was a personal thing and how I am :)
:D I got you lol.
What's the hardest part of making monster soup? Stirring it.
my brother fixed my other computer!
It's kind of hard to get over you when you show up in my dreams...
Brother Bones - Sweet Georgia Brown.
Just counted 14 retweets in my newsfeed from about the masters... I now know bubba won and apparently it was a great shot
HAPPY FATHERS DAY TO ALL THE FATHERS OUT THERE <3 TODAY BELONGS TO FATHERS AND LETS MAKE THEM FEEL SPECIAL
LOL I'm at Denny's off 15th and MLK fam RT : I really want a #11 from #Whataburger with grape jelly...
Fred brill: this strategic plan will guide how we allocate resources.
I was just going to try to figure out how to contact you regarding what that was about!
pretty sure it will...
Maybe I'll get a hug tomorrow. GN Twitter..
VERY NICE DESIGNS,PRETTY HAVE GREAT WKND,LUCY (LUCYWATCHES)
she's pretty badass
def squad sounds so much cooler than geek squad though...
I-Hop fuck yea itsthe best
Literally considering turning on the heater today.
what about wednesday or thursday??
i hear 's password is 654321 (see recent tweets from him)
Let's do lunch!
"Blessed is he who makes his companions laugh" -Fortune Cookie
you have been with me for the past 3 months.. i havent hung out with my friends for that long.. so yeah.
Has anyone followed yet? www.Twittitt.com .. if you have myspace or facebook profiles... you won't be left out either
Yes! RT : The first sip of coffee in the morning is heavenly....
2010-2011 Afternoon Youth Senior league Champions! :D
where have you been - love love
Still wondering aloud about the "missile". Very, very odd. Looks legit to me, not a tomahawk.
your journey into the train does not end at the door
Same dude from the block, still duckin all the cops, same story never stops #what I am
Lee's Pizza is giving FREE breadsticks with every order this week!
Dude..it's too late “: well now i would put him in for shooting”
105% of this movie is delicious-looking food and impossible fights from crazy canted angles. So, basically, it's perfect.
omg thats so sad my gosh
THIS --> RT : Who is this team? Did I take a time machine back to 2001? Playoffs here we come...
They get out after 20 yrs w/ no tech access & are completed alienated with how we relate and wrk in modern times.
Damn WTF, tell me y my foot went 2 sleep
I will have to find a way to pull through with Spotted Cow or Fixed Gear or Crispin.
Laugh - & see how much better you feel?
You know how the Parks finale made me feel? Like I was being ripped into 50 pieces and then sewn together again in the shape of America.
Don't give up on us because of one bad experience, please. Chicago has more to offer than what was presented to you that night.
HA. That's awesome.
You should work with my buyers agent. She's great. She'll show you lots of great places.
i can't believe ONE DIRECTION is coming to mogehen sun on may 22nd! too bad i can't goo :/
I think the #Pacers will give the #Heat a series but it will be the #Heat in 6
Aren't there a couple of places in the Rice Village? I think there's an Indian restaurant called Shiva?
sweet. We rolled out 1 of 3 new features today. Visit reports. Delivered to your inbox each night all leads collected for day
People always waiting for a chance to snatch you up when your girl/nigga slippin
I know it wasn't a sour beer. Honestly, I didn't enjoy it &. it's been really hard to sell even after passing out samples
Good luck Ken...wish you the best. Have a great time.
....its LINsanity! Love it!
My make-up is messed up from laughing so hard.
Best. Show. Ever. #whodoyouthinkyouare?
Haha, good man!
Now I am peering at G+ like a confused monkey. I used to have an account but I guess it was a different email than my main~
I have the BEST family hands down!! #RandomThought <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
ack! password protected pages! I forgot to test for that! I will fix that in the next release.
My my my.
Good question! I predict more strain than happiness in their relationship.
Illinois certainly has the right to put contracts out to bid, but after traumatizing Human Services for 3 years, why choose to do that now?
*MOST FOR GODS SAKE
please tweet me a 'hi megan' it would mean a lot to me :)
List of one 112 martyrs have been killed by security forces in the Great Friday in Syria Http://on.fb.me/gbxD1C
I am back fro holiday.Turkey is so beautiful.
if it wade sense to the masses it wouldn't be "the way" or something like that Lao Tzu quote
Catch Feat performance May 12th in the BX, SEE FLYER 4 DETAILS
just hoping these times are temporary.
Other than that Mrs Lincoln, how was the play? “:making fun of Jason Russell....what have you done to try and stop
Responded to FIRE @ 610 Trinity Ave, Bronx, NY 10455. Red Cross auto update.
No, I was Oklahoma State, then UVa for my PhD.
Forecast for Overnight: Partly cloudy. Lows in the lower 60s. North winds 10 to 15 mph.
Conceivian will be on the Advisory Room. Come talk to us on how we can work together to build a startup.
Loving is not just looking at each other, it's looking in the same direction.
iCloud...in my pants
Gotta start making a VIP list, lol
"Grace Kelly" by MIKA
Tonight DJ Clark Kent guest DJs w/ , & Come through!
i actually do mind. Im not buying you shit lmao
Got websites fixed and trying to get sales back up and humping
RT Hey, glad to see we agree there’s a jobs crisis, now are you ready to invest in America?
thanks Molly.
#FF Our partners are the best!
My father's album finally drops tomorrow, and he's been dead for 7 years. I hope that kind of luck skips a generation.
Lmfaoooo. The sub put some nature show on full volume
We are not as we used to be. But we are, still.
But if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses.
save water and shower together:)
What is going on Harrahs?cops!
Kid’s meals for just 99-cents today at Colorado Applebee’s!
watching big trucks carrying snow drive to and fro. but where does the snow GO?
I did love her.
Day 2 of our #vday love letter contest. Give us some poetic words about why u love us in 140c & win a $50 gift cert. Winner chosen Tues.
The ideal that Jesus loves you goes way beyond the Bible saying so.. He proves it everyday, all day - simply w/ the Grace to move forward!
Every time I hear Click-Click-BOOM at the B's game I think of impression.
is excited to try bikram yoga for the first time...hopefully she won't melt.
i really fucking hate my life today.
Yo, you at the computer! MethLab auditions begin TODAY! Wanna try out-talk to Matt McIver.
just got my #Boots2Asses shirt. It made my Mother's Day!
As visiting scholar, I don't currently have my own regular office: hot desking, really. So, no place to work from regularly.
FOLLOW ME! I'M NEW TO TWITTER :)
Guys follow we're close to 1.7k!!!
I SEE WHAT U DID THERE.
bad base running again.
is he a priest?
heading out to Melrose Elementary to write stories with kids!
Seriously ya made up my damn mind.
Not sure if I should be offended or not that Hennessy is sponsoring an NBA bit?
haha welcome. Anytime(: and yay!!:D I gots a boy twitter buddy!!(: haha
Closing reception tonight for 2 ceramic sculpture shows--with lots of pieces sold. Stop by from 6-8pm at 901 NY Ave. NW. Will we see you?
Good Morning! I finally got the need to get up and out of bed!
RT ShoutOut to because she follows me :) she looks chill and cool to hang with(: she looks pretty in her twittcon (:
When you tell somebody to do something their suppose to do it. So dont tlk back bitch!
This Valentines day, enjoy the convenience of Integrity's experienced chauffeurs to take you and your loved ones to you romantic destination
thx dog! You guys are looking great too
it feels good to deny people. I won't lie.
One Direction is Flawless
An economy based on bailouts and picking winners that llways loose, is his answer
DO IT TODAY! Change your profile pic to our profile pic to WIN a BACKSTAGE pass to #ExtremeReunion 4/28 in Philly. Winner picked Monday!
Sapphire, thanks for following!
FURIOUS #FIESTA after party going down tomorrow night 4 LADIES NIGHT ! $2 Bud Select,MGD & Melon Burst Shots ALL NIGHT! 21&UP!
Happy new year -_-
thanks for the retweet.. Hope folks come out!
hows it sound? Staying in tune alright?
Bing Keyword Research Tool: Highlights &amp; Limitations - Search Engine Watch
You’ll never find a better sparring partner than adversity ~ Golda Meir
Somehow managed to not tuck pant leg in boot before leaving house and have traversed length of city looking like idiot. Or bicyclist.
Aye little one, I couldnt text and eat crab legs.
the worst thing is to unfollow and unfriend people.
Someone help me, my boyfriends, Zayn, Harry, Niall, Liam, and Louis are stuck inside my computer screen.
CAN NOT WAIT for SPRING BREAK!!!! Teen Bunny Bash at Club 212!!!!!
Moves Like Jagger jumpin' jack flash is a gas gas gas
Join us for two Charleston area shows this weekend! Check out our facebook page for more info!
35 Students from Edison Student High School are out here at #WCULASO. Edison is in the house!
one of my favorites ever! In my head I sound like you when I sing it... #inheavenillbeonkey ;)
You should've been here! We are having a blast!
no problem. Good luck and any help you need, let me know. You will do great! :)
Super obnoxious Rangers fans in front of me. Keep trying to wave at Henrik. Even he's embarrassed for you.
Way to pretty of a day to be sitting at my desk. But alas: time to write....
I'm sorry, but I want to have an open Twitter relationship with all of you.
and be replaced by Bruce Pearl.
Our followers are amazing. Thank you for being interactive, helping promote our cause and doing the right thing for gun rights.
My right lung is passing it to my left lung since I have no one to pass it to..
I just saw a narwall on google.com in my submarine.
What did you think of the new floor layout?
No great man ever complains of want of opportunities.Ralph Waldo Emerson
What a day!! TOO MUCH TO DO!! So LITTLE Time! I Need a Personal Assistant quite bad!!
Thx for coming the the HPH show guys!
I can only wish you had that voice
I've been up for 39 hours straight!!!
Chilling here at LSP ... Every single person here clapping and chanting "I believe that we will win". Best pregame in country here in KC.
We've been slackers in this new year! Time for us to make some cool announcements and great back up for the best 2012 ever!
Time is money ...
You can't really give anyone a break of a fun sized Kit Kat bar. It's not possible.
great information! I have passed it around the office.
Not gonna do homework because I'm finishing up the breaker manga which is way more important #
Two / researchers featured in the newest I Wonder... episode: and Thanks for being on the show!
I'm in my late twenties, and I can't stop listening to "Call Me Maybe." My heart happily races every time I hear the song.
Inner dialogue: Ever feel like you set the bar a little high? Me: What's a bar?
I'm voting for u trying to keep the lead for tht Ustream #muchlove x11
So all is well in the world? Really? Let's get ready to roll out the short program when the money managers have loaded up.
Congrats to all the winners so far and *thanks* to for giving them!
We can't wait to have you! RT : Can't wait till Feb 16th-19th when I get to perform !!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> cc:...
Hearts go out to the family and friends of Junior Seau. We are sorry for your loss.
Omg, she is so annoying
Hat trick! Inter!
gmail is down :(
enjoy your lunch. Let us know what you get and how you like it!
nice! Glad it was useful! Great endorsement from the staff of the year awardee! :)
Ancient Aliens must of run out of stuff to pin on the aliens this week ~ no new episode. :D
": I try really hard to look like Joan Jett, but I always end up leavng house looking like Chaka Kahn." lol! Luv that! 2FF
IMO, if the Bush tax cuts go it will hurt really bad, but we can't keep spending at current levels with these tax cuts.
": Who's going to watch our first place #Indians tonight!?" & friends
If you do make it, it will be great to meet you out of cyberspace :) John
I hate waking up for work.): oh well, here goes nothing.<3 atleast I love my co-workers.
oh you switched to a one piece?
Punk is Love!,with Respect for Self As for Others. Tomorrow be Kind, Learn from a Stranger. Help a friend. Reach! STAY STRONG. B.PUNK!
before or after she gave you that head!
To tell the truth, I stopped reading after instrumental folk
Day 1: no chocolate. It's gonna be a long 53 days....
kid brought lice home & i'm creeped out i did C any ON ME til bout 20 min ago.U can't get that shit on my head quick enough. OMG! HELP!!! :(
next time we need to start in North Hall because by the time we got to you, the booth was picked over. :)
GO BRAVES! Got that
LOL. Not sure why every DM comes thru 6 times. Weirdness indeed. Thanks again for sponsoring us. Can't wait to see the goodies!
I'd rather have a running quarterback than a cocky idiot from USC.
Some of the scenes in "Carlito's Way," starring Al Pacino, was filmed in East Harlem, in 1993.
Anyone think we'll see some social media records set/broken tonight during the #superbowl? We're thinking yes! Especially around halftime.
If you decide to do any shopping today consider Forever21 for that special little in your life.
Tx so very much 4 adding us to your list /legal-thought-leaders. Best...Brian
Thank you! RT : #FF Steak house in Los Ranchos, looks great!
Locking myself out and wallet in, has really put a damper on things. Party on my steps until the locksmith gets here...
It's not me!!!Ask Holly
Trying to get my tweet in the HP Labs dashboard on screen using the right keywords...
#DopeTattooIdea Outlines of the continents on my back
I think there's a rule about opening at least 1 Oscar montage per year with a clip from Forest Gump.
love love love that song !!! Makes me wanna be wild!
Sleeping all day and night sounds good.
#FF Special thanks for support, encouragement, comments, and feedback -
You too! Only 5 days until the weekend.... :)
RT GOT IT! Letter of Clearance has arrived. I'm free. Hooorrraaaaaayyy!!!
I JUST CALLED BOTH OF OUR US SENATORS, IT TOOK 4 MINUTES!
I saw the pic Hal posted on FB. Cute! You guys must be so happy! Congrats!
I think im done with_____for the of my high school years as i promised
Guys go follow my bestie follow her if you don't then u should delete ur twitter instead!
Thank you for the #ff!
Starting today, Many items are going down in price in our walk in store. AN fittings just got reduced.
Who's Chad Johnson?
Lets Go Giants!
And the young stay young....
yeah . N I havnt been on in a while
Just received a nice compliment from a porn star.
El oh el
There can be no spoiler alerts for The Happening. M. Night Shyamalan already spoiled it for all of us simply by making it.
What Original Juan product would you like purchase at 70% off? It can't be anything that costs over $10.99 per unit.
what the heck are cobwebs? are there lil cobs that spin them? or do spiders eat the cobs and they then become spiders webs...hm?
u give me belly rubs. i give us fuzz bunnies.
RT: What is meant to be will be.
Gearing up for TLA!
georgia's sort of rockin. until the rapping. oh well.
who do the packers play tomrrow?
An exciting showdown of WWE: SmackDown is happening tonight at the Laredo Energy Arena, Laredo, TX. We got your tickets here: 888-493-0004
Wow Man City. Un. Real.
#69 $Save Price Buy Cheap iPad Leather Cover with keyboard and Stand for Apple iPad 2 Tablet Computer + Vangoddy Live * Laugh * Love s...
Big, Pac, Hov, Nas, Rakim, Eminem.... If you can't respect that your whole perspective is wack...
hahaha I know right lol they left, I hid on my kitchen floor ;)
we took our 8th graders to general picketts 2 weeks ago! Are you doing a ghost tour afterward?
walk off homer you wet back
short bread. Wishing they were chocolate mint lol
Feeling like wtf
Found gas for $3.63/gal. and I only had to drive to Richmond to get it :D
Could Friday come any quicker???
Hey and I think that should perform this summer at
another rough day on your break at Kapalua.
WHEN YOUR ONE FRIEND ISNT HERE AND YOUR JUST SITTING HERE LOOKING AWKWARD.
#overachievers Trying to do this on a daily. Believe the technique.
you are welcome
My people and I are just chillin', waiting on our turn to make bread and get some recognition.. Well, we working as we wait though :)
These days if it's not on my To Do List it just doesn't get done.
Hey Folks. I need a favor. Anyone have a skinned mesh, with animations, in FBX format that I could use as a test import?
why r we even friends anymore?
Now Q&A with Alice Greenwald and Jeff Reinbold. Here's when I love my fellow JHUers. They ask all the important questions!
We want to interview you live on our radio show hit us up for more details
does a nice job with engagement and UI. Just saying...
Best shopping advice I've heard all day...WWDD..."What Would Dolly Do?"
Ditto for jeans, rock & roll and video games. So go figure.
Just registered for the Color Run on Sunday! Oh yeah
Clang clang goes the trolley?
LMAO!!! I'm joking
Still recovering from that nasty bicycle accident I had two weeks ago. Remember peeps, wear your safety helmet!!! vSB
i Love your voice <3 =)
thanks! You rock!!!
Coffee, Tea? Roasting secrets, concoctions and elixirs - all can be found at the Portland Convention Center this weekend.
Can’t go wrong with a little steel cut oatmeal for breakfast! ABX has what you need to start your morning off right!
#cowboy nation
We're very excited!
We were shooting the perfect beer pour for a TV spot and it took 13 cases to get it right.
Just taught a lib instruction session with 8 old students & 4 current students in my PSC class. It was a bit raucous.
Cant Believe We Can Just Be On The Phone Like This, And Every Thing Be Cool . .
Watch out, New Mexico... Casper looks hungry & less-than-friendly today.
hey STRANGER
Nope, the in-laws are in town this weekend and we have dinner plans set up Friday night. Why do you ask?
Sarah Fisch outlines the thriving contemporary art scene in San Antonio in Texas Art Travel. bit.ly/nmD517 via
stuck up pricks only use #realtalk REALTALK
if it helps, you know the painting of the clocks all warped and drooping? Example of surrealism...
Wow, 15% of 486 librarians I followed are now following "me". Thanks! Hoping to have the list done in a few days.
Fed up with about 86 things going on right now, so I'm going to share something positive: I like Cheerios and the color orange.
Gotta work..
so sorry for late reply- for the life of me I can't remember why I thought that :)
Free Prescription Discounts - Savings up to 20% - Duane Reade - SINGULAIR -
very very important distinction. “: "a pivot is a change in strategy without a change in vision." - #sbcamp”
Kobe is the greatest difficult shot maker ever ! Better in that instance than anyone we have eva seen inc mj.
Sunglasses are like Facebook in real like. You can check people out without them knowing
#albumintros "Brianstorm" FWN. Best ever! With #2 track "Teddy Picker", combo has to be one of the best one, two punches to start an album.
The kEntuckySPortsNetworks response to UTs first half against KY was to discuss bad calls poor Cal is getting. Watched a game in Rupp?
Coming up later on the TJMS: R&B Singer Maxwell!!!
I think I'll forever look younger than I am. People always think I'm like 18 or a senior in high school. I'm getting my degree in two weeks.
Sick about the , that was just disgusting to watch. Not worthy of anything.
Janes Addiction please !
can i have a shoutout? Your so sweet i love you so much <3 :*
I'm pre biased to laugh at your tweets but this one didn't do the trick
Knicks lets beat the Heat
ready to get this training over with and get my weekend started!
Add Mike Smith and you got it. RT : Shane Doan and Martin Hanzel. RT : Dumbass of the Day - at 6:25am!
seriously! Should be a good game now.
Mexican Congress is considering a bill that would authorize a CO2 emissions trading program.
Do these shoes sound pretentious?
i knew i wasnt crazy. lolololl. I did hear Austins voice at the end of Follow you.
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe that Title IX has a strong foothold in our future.
Day of auditioning and Christmas prepping. What is your favorite thing about the holidays?
oh hey...so yeah...music k.
is buying music the e-equivalent of buying vinyl now that we have and ?
is my hero this week for deform_bootstrap
These niggas arguing about kicks...lol
So happy that one of my favorite Albums of ALL Time is finally being re-issued on Vinyl!!
Like Artistic Twist Clothing on facebook!
Any idea why baseball season doesn't start Monday afternoon before the basketball game like it used to?
ha, ask John
If you know an event planner willing to travel to Allen, TX, please put them in touch with me.
HP And IBM Need To Be Very Afraid Of Dell - Forbes
Who could go to a ballpark in a neighborhood where NO ONE speaks English???
(I did immediately think about DignityUSA, for LGBT Catholics.)
'Preciate it. We had fun making our logo. We got stamps made and scanned a stamped image. Simple way to add character.
Today in the fashion industry we lost a legend what an icon RIP
amazing game last night keep it up go green!!
I think a very important characteristic of #mlearning is anytime/anywhere aspect
Another great Monday at Put in the hard work now and reap the rewards later!
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man. Elbert Hubbard
When all else fails, drink green tea.
People have begun registering. Spread the word. Great for notifying of recert opportunities.
Im not happy.
If this were ANY other team... the C's might be down by 30...
Dam bitch u still sucking on Kim's dick? U little bitchz need 2 learn respect & remember who' been doing this longer!Queen Bee
who wants some Mint Tulips drink? Amazing... traditional from for
Swimming body denies D&#39;Arcy deal
My coworker has stalkers who send her flowers lmao
nice shirt
Thanks for the great insight. One can definitely understand the importance of a clean energy innovation program.
I just scrolled so far back on Facebook's Timeline... I wound up back over on MySpace. :(
I'm done, fight at 1, erry one come
Tomorrow and Friday we perform Rumpled in schools, and the Enoch Pratt Free Library Program starts next week. Yay education programs!
You're def off to a good start! :) RT got my breakfast buzz on this morning, now I'm ready to take on the day!
We would like to look into this. Can you give us the direction and time you got to the stop? Thank you.
*NO foods at Malt house, that is.
Ladies we dig!
What happends when they run out of letter and number combonations to put on licens plates?
Never felt more alive and inspired in my life... this is an amazing night! :)
There is an actual car dealership called "Oh Baby Toyota"... #ThingsIDidn'tKnow
thanks man! i'll take a look at that book
on a day like this!
we on top of our shits this year
Made in memphis!RT Thanks for playin Rick Dees' Disco Duck yesterday afternoon!!! I was whuppin' it UP, while drivin'
from cincinnati we have a spot.......
That'a girl RT : Of course. RT : are you staying out of trouble?
What about Morgan Freeman?
Dam she dead #svu switching to
Soon I began reading English. I was in the eighth grade before I seriously go in. I went to a very good school in Bangladesh.
I cannot believe I graduated from college 2 years ago....I am getting old
Never seen so many air brushed outfits in my life..
I'm enjoyed my McDonalds at lunch with my best friend
Patting your face several times after applying your moisturizer or other skin care product enhances the penetration of active ingredients.
But I (Chris) personally hate being required to sign in just to buy a dang ticket.
Why you clownin? Quit rubber-neckin bro!
soon you two won't have to cook again, as long as your ok with frozen cheese pizzas for breakfast lunch and dinner.
I dropped the mango i was eating and then it proceeded to roll under the bed.
Even if he walks Jones or gives up a hit, it'll be a good learning experience.
fine as hell :-)
Too many things on my mind. #stressed . I wonder if this is how grown ups feel?
Thank you, Alan!
BREAKING NEWS: Former Apple CEO Steve Jobs has died
Don't push me because I know you won't like it when I start cussing at you.
hm.... that awkward moment when you realize your on both twitter and FB and no one is responding (so board apparently)
Anyone here using Google+?
u welcome
lol perhaps or it's a just a creepily accurate portrayal of the inner psychosis of #girls in their early 20s
Monday Monday. May it be a productive day. May the phone be quiet. May I not be blasted with tax returns. Bill baby bill!
In 35+ years, the young'ns will be trying to keep with you...regards to Me. Copeland.
I'm going Jarret Bush as a DB. Played huge in SB run. Nothing before or since
The moment you realize prom is 3 days away and you can't even think about dancing for 4 hours straight
Made a couple mixtapes not knowin they were gunna get as big as they did....now that i know, yall jus wait...
Josh Hamilton is a man possessed
Was up my Twiggas!!! Make sure n tune in to 89.3 right now n check out The Trinity fam!!
it was great to meet you in Miami ! keep in touch...
I weighed in and lost 1.2 lbs.
Slim Bacon tonight at 6. great music great food Hawthorne Burgerville
The lesson in the Erie County Executive race? Gov't is NOT a business, it's a means by which to meet peoples' needs. So Long, King Collins!
Way to go ladies. Come follow On Q Entertainment the newest Latin Promotion company to hit Chicago visit us www.onqnites.com
very cool
I have recchi for bos; stick side wrister. Torres for van; in the paint. Then yells Goal for 30 sec like in Mexico.
Cant wait for the love that " LUSI.OB " will give in penny stocks this week..
Come on, Milwaukee! It's time to Defeat the Wheat! That's right - no upcharge on any #GlutenFree menu item, and 2-4-1 New Grist beers!
agreed that 9:30 am is fine for military folks, but not only them that attend AFA football games
Biden Laden? RT since biden laden's death, 367 American troops have been killed and almost 4500 wounded in Afghanistan
It's all good Adam. We're just tired of great players like yourself having to carry all the weight every…single…season.
Doesn't every girl do the lip smacking thing with lipstick... Or chapstick??
Welcome Betty!
you dont know me...so you dont know what i can or cant handle lol
It look like the worlds in HD, Its been awhile since I could see.
I like that rule, it should be made a law!
Had a really sweet morning & weekend in Illinois. Praise God! On our way home now, with sleepy eyes and very full stomachs.
and you both are embarrassing me! I expect this shit from Suzie, she grew up in a trailer park.
never say never!!!!!!
Wouldn't miss it for the world! It's 3 days before my bday!
Hey free for happy hour tomorrow and meet Tiffany?
thanks for the mentions. We've got a good thing going!
Twitter can be very scary, one time some random guy tweeted me he wanted to meet up with me at a coffee shop. #minilesson :P
RT if u r watching LA Complex
Great services yesterday @ Father's house in Leesburg FL with friends Terry and Anita Mahan.
did ya have a good b-day?
it's midnite from Los Angeles lol
Thanks and happy Friday!
LOOK AT MY PICTURE :)
Women Lie.....Numbers Don't.
“: Chad Henne agrees to a 2-yr deal with Jags. Won't visit Seattle now. Matt Flynn for SEA on Thurs" I'm very ok with this.
Day 2 at JEN. Gathering great Gemeinhardt stories. Met a man who knew Kurt Gemeinhardt himself!!
Thanks for your #2 vote, I appreciate the support.
Carmelo = Selfish loser
Woww... Someone has no life.
Go #BlackBerry! ---> ": If you're raging against capitalism from your iPhone, #YouMightBeAFleabagger. And a moron."
Ready for Friday Happy Hour tomorrow? We have the perfect cupcakes! Pink Champagne, Margarita Madness, 1/2 Pint (Guinness), and Hostess.
anyways no one cares wat u think just ur mama and dada who made u think ur all that , just grow up
because I found out about them a month or so ago, told Rene to check them out and he didn't like them cause he's a scene kid!
I think today is the day to film some video for YouTube.
I'll be joining at tonight from 8pm-mignight tonight. Come hang out with us.
#lsuau the honey badger's backup is eric Reid who could start anywhere in the country. LSU is deep!
How are we doing with voting today guys?? :) Make sure you please vote everyday to help support !! :)
can't i show them a url?
Day 2 of first aid and CPR training today on my way to getting my captain's license!
Hey Claritin--TRY HARDER.
Say ye, say ye don't we do this every day-day? (Huh!) I work them long nights, long nights to get a pay-day (Huh!)
of course!!! And I'm pretty excited!!!
Hey Bachmann, I'm intolerant of yer ignorance & bigotry, not the religious beliefs you hide behind. You're no suicidal gay kid.
MB America's female president will need intelligence, street smarts, tolerance, and a good heart to do a good job. Traits you are lacking.
Thought for the Day: "Always bear in mind that your own resolution to success is more important than any other thing."- Abraham Lincoln
I love God w/ all my heart ..he gives peace when u thought u couldn't find any...he restores ..he heals ..Try him!
Georgetown is a sleepy giant this week. So evident the energy comes from the students. When they cram. Things are quieter.
Eating a lollipop before 9am...does it mean I have a sugar problem? It's organic, so I'm inclined to tell myself 'no'....
Yesterday was freeeeezziiinggg....Today you don't need a coat outside.... Confusinglol
u get that invite?
R U watching w/ celeb board member Christian Slater? Congrats on a great new series on
Thanks for the Sweet ReTweet!
AH A BLUE KANGAROO IS AFTER ME :O
Hey, don't freak out over Rick Perry's brain freeze last night- "What's your name" can be a really hard question.
I swear to got that last JV inning was Todd Jones like.
Love and miss you too!!! I wanna come visit possibly this summer...
I'm totally ordering a tapeworm.....or making out with my cat later tonight.
<U+200E>3 baseball games in 5 days in 3 different time zones - and not one of them took over 3 hours to play:::Facebook post from a TV friend
Good thought to start off the week!
I FOLLOWED YA BRUH BRUH.. FOLLOW BACK.. AND
Secret Roast-Pork Recipe Carries $1.8 Million Price - Bloomberg
Man this is taking longer than I thought!!
Barney's Beanery is apparently a good place to make out? The couple in the corner thinks so.
Senior menus for Tarrant, Johnson counties
For solid music
sure FOLLOWED!
Hey , get ready for the Wolman Renovation Project to start! This is the #1 source of information about the project. Stay tuned!
I can't wait until I get to see Cabin in the Woods next weekend
OMG -- your avatar is priceless!
I am so happy that i am on my way to success!
Cant neva get it right smh
..."Houston we have a problem." yes? no.
Glad to hear it, we need to swim
Go Saints!!!
Looks like I *just* missed you at MetroFresh! I headed straight there after our morning meeting.
This is some #playoffs ball! Go #sixers !
breathe....and go to bed before meet tomorrow
I know, I'm stoked!
ya my family isn't feeling the best :((
Thanks! :D
Fly as a motha fuckin honey bee, sippin on some syrup and some sunny d
Im still out the way she wit me! wuss Gud
At this rate the Bishop Kelly High School Basketball Team would have been a better pick for the tournament than the Longhorns...
is ISO of Balto/DC/SATRAD PT opportunities. Hit me up! Email: ; Online Website: www.mpvt123.com; Facebook or Twitter
Watching 'Lets go to prison' and 'Lockdown' lol
#3WordsForYou Suck. My. Dick.
Cats are doing great! Snuggling with me every night! :)
THIS GAME WAS SO MUCH BETTER WHILE I WAS AT WORK
I was in one of the first issues of Urban Ink, a while ago,
no stay til the 31st for my graduation!!
15 Trillion is extreme.
I don't wear 52, 12, 25, or 85. I wear number 26 on game days. :) great game tonight!
dear miss cousin i'm mad at you right now, ditching someone on there bday not cool dont text me, thank you.
was the second time harder was it still chemical bullshit
Tonight is Stuckey's 3rd career 30-point game (3rd quarter: scored 19 points, 4-for-4 from behind the arc)
Free cupcakes tomorrow! Don't forget to stop by and get yours! 3-4pm!
I was there too! Definitely a must see.
Do the people on CNBC ever actually listen to themselves??
IM mad THat your not smiling for me ughh soo i feel like shitt alright
Love when someone without a doctor appt. Comes in and wants to see the doctor now. Get a clue bub.
offically start my PhD program on Thursday to become a Psychologist.
there was no teen hoot in january (: aha
Just let you know it's remote sensors sent Qigong via the air bloated your body and made you publicly humiliated.
Becoming good at something requires practice/trial & error, NOT lectures!
hey:D I'm candace
I know but where is CHI D ????? Not Found!!! MF
Me to!
at a bus stop, three men chase a duck with a tarpaulin
getting high sounds nice right now..
Some people cant figure it out or something, they spell it "Destrey" It bothers me lol
Nerve-cited to teach my first #LIBR046 class of the semester and meet my new students. T-45 minutes!
Baby cause I'm a thug!!!
Making Ted Nugent paper dolls for Tye!
probably gonna cop a mpd soon, i love toys
I'm about to go kill this final.
Yum. Hot popcorn
good times good times :p
AMAZING! Bush really spent the money in Iraq then Obama had to figure hot to pay for it. GOOD THEY CLOSES.
Just finished filming an interview at Golds gym Venice for magazine from Greece. Now at LAX on way to our Vegas apt to see my baby Juel
"Can i bum a smoke from you?" "This pack ended up costing me $135 tonight. Kiss my ass!"
So I guess the tweet of the day thing won't work out because I am not on every day and I am not able to think of that many tweets.
when we hikin those smoky mtns?!
And the third has been revealed! RIP Heavy D. Tonight I drink black coffee, no sugar, no cream.
how is it going?
Get those OFF your bathroom sink...ewww!!! Nice shoes though ;)
Just went to Brian Sutton on the plaza yesterday and it was the best dentist experience of my life. No joke. They're great!
I've been here 30 minutes now contesting this ticket. Really, GEPD?
thank you:) you too<3
i could really use a tackle hug right about now....
watching scream 3. i'm really into scary movies right now. :o
just wondering how the lil wilde is doing back to full strength i hope been meaning to ask
just put up some new tracks
Auto Insurance quotes yesterday.... Just got two emails. #Progressive "We'd like your feed back" #Geico "We love your feedback" Interesting
When females tweet depressing as shit .. < he ain't the only nigga with a dick!
Nice shower playlist, thanks for the Mac! ;)
Did you all hear what Bristal Palin said about Obama and his daughters?!!!! That late bitch got some nerve!!! (#VernaJeanvoice)
When your kid is grounded all week YOU'RE STUCK WITH YOUR KID ALL WEEK! Thank god that's over!
Fact: Ppl eat wit dey eyes 1st....
School starts to early..
Yesterday biz partner put a log through the back of my truck cab. Today I totaled my fav chainsaw. But the weather is awesome!
good song
Got my hand near the light switch should any trick-or-treaters get any closer to my door.
DID YOU KNOW housing is a human NEED like food? Mental illness causes PERMANT #homelessness!
thanks for that love!!!
Pitt is taking DeCastro
Happy New Year! Welcoming a prosperous Year of the Dragon.
I'm apologizing in advance for my draw something picture, the word is ladder, I meant to start a new pic but sent it instead :(
ICED COFFEE!!!
Last night I was among the crowd at to hear Joseph Olshan and bought his new novel Cloudland.
haha what do u mean
I'm good at it ;) RT : The #Sagittarius intellect can construct arguments that sound beautiful and will win based on this merit.
We've seen a huge wave of people that want APIs since we announced last Wednesday! We can't wait to launch as many as we can.
Specially when you go hard like us : it's run it's course
Ok, just making sure. I saw most of y'all there.. i was wondering. Cause ppl tend to jump in the last min. lol
Mosh-n-skate TONIGHT in Arab, AL at Roller Knights! Alabama!!!!! Come hang!
Ugh fighting to keep my eyes open right now.
--Shop til i drop for bummer summer starts MAY 12
Boy names I like Braison Mason Caiden
Thanks for following :) please give us a shout out :D this page is gunna be full of austin facts,quotes,pictures && awesomeness :D
Have a full gym or a living room in your house ? That's quite Cornelian. I would vote for both. Eat in the living room then exercise :-)
Money make me cum , money money make me cum !!
be wary of DMs, even from me. Someone has been playing mischief with them lately, don't click the links :(
And that was an accident...glad I'm over it
Life better without you
Volleyball scrimmage at JRHS last night with Tucker HS was awesome. James River Varsity boys are a team to watch this season.
About to bbysit for this lady I hope her kids not bad. Shit I hope she pays good. Lol, we'll see.
I wish that TVs and computers were easier to operate.
This game cracking ..
#oomf seems very excited about his first child. That's really sweet and rare.
also US census data can be used for name/gender data set
You can tell Sessions is hurtin.. his shit just got bangedd!
Jason, foul mouthed bartender is tonights mission. Also it's your turn to speak next, then
Today me and my <U+2764> been together 6 months
BONES Episode tonight featuring "Hatfields & McCoy" type storyline set in... yup! West Virginia!
Specyphi what you Believe....
Anytime! Ray. Have a great weekend!
I'm counting her wardrobe changes too
I'm glad I don't have to do any more reserch papers!
can't find a CBS citation for that, just keep hearing they reported it. SFGate says both were conscious.
shit is getting super deep out here at the coffee spot
Jesus wants to use those who are otherwise incapable. He is most glorified when others realize you could have never done it without Him.
By this time tomorrow we'll have the band and be on our way to our location!
At Fox Harbor now but might head to the Can
as Geographic Interpretation System ...
S/O For the followback
i'd rather have the absurd price than have to pay DirecTV. 20 bucks/week... I don't know if i can justify it though.
I went to mama margies last night and got some tacos and then I fucking crashed lol i was so drunk and high I dont even remember
If you need #Dental work in #LasVegas, #text SMILELV to 90210 for info and VIP #specials from Dr. Michael Duboff. #Mobile #media is here!
Shouts Out To Da Nigga Dat Taught Me How To Buck...My Bro.
thank you so much for the follow! :)
Back atcha! WOOF!
Evans or Jones who's going to win? I'm picking Jon Jones
Rain in Vegas this morning brings rainbows, but no double rainbows.
Yes! RT : “We have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down.” - Kurt Vonnegut
Nice! Do you go to Sydney very often?
Hey! Why do you hate Just curious.
1300 -photos...so much work to do...
Is it really a limitation, or just the way you're looking at it? Change your perspective, and you can change your possibilities.
Kolb is gonna beat the Cowboys! Go Coogs!
dawg, you need to go to the Scream it like you mean it tour in Dallas!
awww! I should come and help you educate!!
So many <3's.
nope, just coochie!! I'd be lying if their personality was a factor!!
Apple Rock debuts it's stage props for a full length play at FCDS! Break a leg
Being a librarian is such a fun job and the world's best-kept secret!
That good ol' wringing of the warsh cloth.
#Hannan to #LPR2011 - if the #US government ignores the heritage of how the USA was birthed, you will have a shift in power to the exec.
Never thought id say this but...I love my new hair.
It looks horrible outside this sucks :(
Of course we are :) RT : The name Jen is trending. :D we're famous!!
yeah im not going to honors night. screw it
Having one of those days where everything needs to be done immediately and day is full of meetings.
From the sevice provider's perspective: "Telephony is out, cloud is in." Gaining new perspective Conference.
Back on blackberry
Silently hoping that the quality of The Avengers movie parlays into a beautifully insane and clever Dr. Strange movie.
#newnewtwitter loves it!
awesome count me in I'm so there.
For the purposes of my question EDC is not considered a concert. But it is the biggest thing to hit Vegas this summer.
Attending #Latism conference in Chicago. Great speakers and case studies. I'll be speaking tomorrow. Stay Tuned.
#wcphilly #day2 That's it for the prepared content for today. Now everyone's breaking into groups to squash bugs, and work on plugi…
Thanks for the RT girl!
#CJWATSON KILL YOURSELF!!!!!!
Sec. Bryson: #RIT Golisano Institute of Sustainability plays a major role in driving American innovation.
you gotta stop by the spot in northfield sometime soon tho
Libs seem to be doing just fine. I'm happy to give more. I recognize I am part of a "Community".
Tickets are now available online at rocderby.com for August 14th, RocStars vs. Lake Effect Furies (Buffalo).
“: whaasssssup Spikey! Congrats on you-know-what lol” wait what.
Less than 20 mins left till FRIDAY!! Who's got fun plans for the #weekend ??
We are happy to help. Let or know if you want to chat more!
I just got home. we always miss each other.
My tummy keeps growing -.-
Thanksgiving... It's just a cock-tease before Christmas!
Awhh. I wish they would date. Too bad she's with Nicholas./:
shit I thought it was Tyra!
Finally made it to the food...and I lost my appetite... -.-
Congrats, Jon! What program were you accepted in to?
MKENYE will be one epic event.
Christ... is a good show
I have fond memories of that library! Sitting in the basement with the medieval lit books... ah, the good old days!
Night peeps. Oh yeah, and thanks to for not following me.
Clerk at the liquor store told me I'd get a free Guiness if I sang "Danny Boy" with him. I just looked at him & said, "I'm black."
You don't have to be an asshole to get me to stop liking you, just sing me a Taylor Swift song.
Laura is bitching
Iced caramel lattes from Dunkin' Donuts >>>>>
“It’s okay to lose your pride over someone you love. Don’t lose someone you love over your pride.”
Ok you can start tweeting now.
I would have crushed an NIT Bracket!!
Health is not simply the absence of sickness.
Thanksgiving was SPECTACULAR! Hanging with family is great, food was awesome, games, entertainment, all that good stuff. So happy holidays!
same here it sucks
ok im check em bro whats tbe business on the BEATS
sick of jank producers down here looking to get with someone that's about business
Blah, I'm bored.
Sleep sounds so much better than homework right now... Too bad i'm still going to do it. Ugh, sometimes being a perfectionist sucks.
Morning, Missy! Foggy trees by the mall were always my favorite!
YES THANKGOD, everythings better & I'm happy now yaay & steak for dinner:)))))
your ass better be coming to New York ;P
Sweet Lord, that looks amazing!!!
#COLORSball at the #lgbt center! Woo!
Thank you so much RT : #Miami #South Beach Hope friends & fans will catch our upcoming blog about the...
so dick
New tweeter get me confuse been gone for a while.
right after they announce that they are headlining the Atlantic City Jam Festival, or right before, whatever works for them.
Can somebody help me reach 300 followers please? :)
Ur The Only Thing Keeping Me Up Right Now No Matter How Sick I Feel
I will try :)
come on over!!
Folks have been asking if will be all-locavore. Nope! We love (sustainable, fair-trade) chocolate, coffee, bananas, etc. too.
Can we start a music revolution!?!
We have the legendary interior designer Joseph D'Urso in from NYC for the next 2 days for a project collaboration.
I keep a picture of Hev by my bed
#AGirlJustWants someone she can trust. Someone who's as loyal as she is
Packing up on the long journey to southwestern Asia--first step, checking in with in her new home, the heart of London.
Therre is a Very Different
m yummy!!!
you had better start updating your cycling race results since you've been dancing on those pedals faster than anyone else!
Yes he is!
I think it also got a 13 episode final season pickup.
is such a badass! I love her! Follow back please:)
great game on new years day
Congrats for being recognized for their Outstanding Scholarship Plan at the Annual Greek Awards!
Those baby feet are SO CUTE!!!!
So you just had to take best son reward and sing amazingly beautiful. With that song you get the reward
what?! No Where? I was saving a seat for you all this time! :)
Who the hell has Sanyo?
Just tripped in front of three motorcycle bros.... They clapped
Thanks for the retweet!
Checking out wordpress webinar from WP Academy.Not sure if I will change over since many bloggers I respect use Blogspot.Plus I'm connected.
OMG I hate you today. I am hating the day so far. Went to bed 5 ish almost 6 got up at 9 for a surprise shoot. Yay me >:-(
Border War...Mizzou!!!!
I'm in NYC
It is the birthday of one of my favorite contemporary authors, Nick Hornby.
On my way to NH to see niece graduate from her Waldorf school.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.--Aldous Huxley
is the best friend anyone could ask for.
And lie for wat? I jus don't understand
Being an #LA hippie is a full time job. Up at 8 for my granola and greek yogurt breakfast. 9am yoga. I'll probably use my juicer today too.
Grrrrr. Citrix. Why are you dropping my drive mappings? STOP.IT.
No not one with Girlfriend. He was "Ness" I'm not in this Mess." But yes he listening quietly until it was noticed.
looking for a super Muscular womens
Everyone needs to go sign this! If you do nothing, you are part of the problem
my greatest fear...if I ever decide to have kids, is that they're all going to hate music and play chess all day or something
good to see you today bro
Three words that will save this economy: Gay Bridal Registry.
Hopefully I can download #dreamchaser2 before school tomorrow
i'm wondering when will tweet me...:(
A $5million law practice is a nice goal, but outcomes can't be controlled. You can control things you do that lead to business or metrics
Excellent. Yeah, man, come on down. It's the always-exciting Blake Beaven on the bump but should be a gorgeous night.
Indiana Ice home opener! Get to the Pepsi Col now!!!! I'm rockin this mic all night!
haha I was watching it !! Oh nd um yeah we did !! I miss you and my babez
Neyland would be a great name for a kid too! Save that idea. There's got to be some little Neylands running around east TN!
lol well I do good night!
Financial Company in New York, Aquarian Business Group has just joined our divine network, enhancing Kingdom Business!!
I cannot put into words the foodgasms that I experienced this evening at Amada. Uh-Mazing restaurant!
thanks kyle!<3(;
And they don't follow me! Maybe they should!
lol why is Cee lo green scaring you ?
Why do I love hotel breakfast so much?
what's the boys tumblrs?
Wailea Beach Resort Marriott kid's pool will be closed starting November 28, 2011 and will reopen on December 23, 2011.
D3 good luck wishes extended to C.H., G.M., A.F. & B.H.! A heartfelt D3 congrats to T.SJ. for a well deserved offer!
so I just have to say, me and watched you in 50/50 last night! You're adorable!
im following you are you going to follow me back ?
Next Tuesday projected forecast? Taking 75 people to lunch then tour of Fenway Park.End day with duck boat tour. Hoping for sun
Okay peeps. Off now, nights :) x
Hey, I'm sorry I had to skedaddle at A's before your talk. Is the paper online?
I don't care about school
"Worthy is the Lamb who was slain, to receive power and wealth and wisdom and strength and honor and glory and praise!" -Revelation 5:12
Getting ready for your summer tan? Buy 2 months get 1 FREE (available in all levels) Come see us today to get started! <3
A gazillion things to do and I fell asleep instead. I blame the dog. Now I gotta get cracking.
How about false death reports? People overreact.
RTdsilverman RT : Irony: City of Houston canceled their Christmas tree lighting due to snow
"CHOOSEY CHICKS TEE'S WRAPPED UNDER YOUR TREE'S" ...WWW.CHOOSEYCHICKS.COM
Never gave three fucks and I still don't now
My daughter's a student at UMW and taking the course this semester. It's been transformative for her.
They don't want to do the work of reading a boring one to find links to good blogs. They don't like Twitter, FB, etc.
Wanting to Dance to Turn me On by Kevin Lyttle ^.^
At Positive Tomorrows we tell students: “We’re so excited you’re here to learn with us today!” How do you encourage the child in your life?
Yes you can do it!
I have a few open dates with an extra $50 in FREE product!! Who wants them??
haha (: as long as you do the same
How the pile of kush become the mountain of truth how the bottle of wine become the fountain of youth
YOU TOO? LOL I actually just got a call back for a Bubba Gump Shrimp Commercial.
Deciding whether to trust or credit a person is always an uncertain task. - Aldrich Ames
lol i miss your xo's ! ;(
I'm so scared! RT": I'm still so concerned that has to let people practice giving shots on her next week!!"
got it! will email back in a few!
Well have an awesome birthday!!!
looking forward to catching up this year!
Hope it's nice where you are.
6, 7 and 8 grade students at Carrollton carry tablets, 5th graders have tablet carts and 9-12 students have the option to purchase tablets
RT : RT "As soon as you truly commit to making something happen, the “how” will reveal itself." ~ Tony Robbins
picked something up for you from one of your favorite places for Xmas! Just 10 more days!
TONIGHT - Special Guest, International DJ, Cosmo (Thomas Godel) along with Lotus Resident DJ's XES & Justin George and Guest DJ Amy Lopez!
Im not gunna lie, middle school was an adventure. Im going to miss everyone.
Last night my best friend told me he likes me... I like 2 guys that like me back. What do I do??
I just want this day to speed up to 3:35
Feeling some type of way..???
So where is Thome?
HAPPY NEW YEAR'S EVE!!! May 2012 be as much fun as 2011!
The Kinect sensor's microphone array allows the Xbox 360 to conduct auditory source localization and ambient noise suppression.
you're killin me! Beach day & gumbo, plus half the Packers are in Hawaii ...I am having a very jealous day!
Didn't realize how fucked up my shoes got over the weekend til now. Couldn't be happier about it. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0080>
Whats good wit you man, I sent an email to whomever is in charge of your booking but didnt hear from em so holla at me when u can
Dinner outside during sunset
"The difference between style and fashion is quality." <3 this quote
#sdmayornp Dumanis failed to answer the question, in exactly 3 minutes.
XMas eve dinner, ice cream sundaes, now Turner Classic Movies while the "kids" play Scrabble. Merry Christmas One and All!
Man cannot live by religion alone!
yes or no
Knee is much better...going back to work next week. Haven't been there since March 8th.
So far only on the iOS. You on Android?
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love
Happy to be wrong about the Prometheus/PG13 prediction. I had assumed it would be R, until Fox started acting coy about rating
insane. I'm sure this check will be bit higher. We are on our 3rd round. but, we are in Santa Monica Ha!
I'm becoming very good at making mashed potatoes.
I should be off grounding! :D so definitley yes! I miss you guys <3
OK, Lovers, It is certainly time for me to unplug the interwebz for the evening. Night Night!
Thank you! Glad you're a fan of our Imperial Cream Ale. Hope to see you again soon.
no for real if alcohol is a priority for you or you drink on a monday night go ahead and exit my life.
Hey guys, I'm looking for ideas for happy hour in #Harlem tonight other than Harlem tavern. We've been a lot. Ideas?? Thanks for the help!
Oh, yeah. Short week = closer deadlines. LOL! I'm a Monday pessimist :D
I can't beleive thought the #packers might loose!
I'm thinking most likely the Antigua & Barbuda matchup but I would love to see it earlier
I hear you! It is a great night out. I'm not so sure I want to be here either.
Really hating that I don't have any free time anymore. School and Drivers Ed can go burn for all I care.
why is No. 7 sub so crowed?! Line wrapped around the block..
or abreast
We have power and are open until 9 tonight. Come use the internet and print in room 19 of the School of Music.
I've never known soo many hoes that get at niggas on the web! Bitch you to
RT : "Too many roads in B2B marketing lead intentionally to sales & that may not be how customers want to interact with you"...
Whats being lost over 23 days?
we need college reform though and a push to get more people into useful majors. Too many com majors, need more skilled grads.
Me too!
Check out in #MKE's Latin Quarter tonight 4 great food, drinks, and #foursquare check-in deals
Westminster Jazz will be hosting The Redd Brothers and Friends tomorrow night from 6-9PM! $5 cover and food!
I thought the same thing and then realized I at least didn't have to watch the entire thing :) I'm on Mountain time!
"So neither the one who plants nor the one who waters is anything, but only God, who makes things." 1 Cor. 3:7
sassing me !
Single man+ambition+faith= SUCCESS
I feel so hurt right now
Happy Hour tonight 5-7 $1 off cocktails. Enjoy a or drink and earn rewards.
Also, had a half gallon of oj delivered. Ya miss that ?
This is painful to watch
well because its few and far between. Blame your ESPN folks for not beating it to death.
taking babyboy walking today after his daddy gets off work(:
abroad like in the US?
only 4 in LA and the party is still going
it never is
stop head butting shit
I hate it when I answer your texts instantly & you take 10 minutes to answer each of mine.
We're always accountable to someone - clients, family, friends. I can't think of a situation where you aren't.
Like said uma have to get at for the up-n-comin artists.. U got me on that #KKBangz cuz..
sing Outnumbered from Syncopated City. You sounded fine in it!
Oh, Amy Winehouse I had such high hopes for you. RIP.
Attended #Portland #PRSA meeting on Tuesday. Good tips on video for the Web.
Having lunch at Rooney's with a handsome man watching my team UNC!! Go Tarheels!!
interesting... Thanks:-)
You have some exciting news here in Boca Raton The Battle of Florida Collegiate Game@ Fau Jan 21st 8pm. NFL scouts are looking.
#usairways has terrible customer service! This is my complaint time.
At every gas station on the East Coast they have someone there to pump your gas for you. That's wild.
I know it's the best!!! :D
You're right! Need my coffee :) - you're welcome
Q8. If you owned Twitter, what changes would you make?
I'm living in the moment, I'm living life. Easy and breezy, and peace in my mind.
Uh Oh! Saints is marchin in... What up Alex Smith? $1Million in the bank, what you gon do wit it?
Dinner tonight: country fried steak, mashed potatoes, country gravy, and green salad.
Its warming up make sure you turn your sprinklers on and get some water to the plants and grass.
share some nigga! cuz my mom always makes me waste money on movies lmao
So scared for Saturday! Needs to be over with already
Alone.....that's the one word that describes me. #awsome :(
A #DJ proud to be based out of #ABQ #NM! I #followback! #TeamFollowBack #Latino!
Saw #LevitatedMass unwrapped today from the surrealist exhibit at Even with grey skies, it sparkled!
what is your team name on the website?
Hm goodnight :)
you are so talented!
What award did kristen stewart just win? I missed it..
When a man forgets himself, he usually does something that everybody else remembers.
Who is enjoying their Friday afternoon as much as I am???
The Vow
Thanks for connecting! I'm having a play produced in the Midtown International Theatre Festival. Can you help?
40 fans--you are all so awesome! Now go tell all of your friends so they can be cool like you!
followed u! <3
“: Yah!! Please come it has been years since i saw you !”((I'll be there!!))
I know right? OVOXO forever .
Gentlemen.....Start your engines! Daytona 500 up next
When you want something you never had, you got to do something you never did .
it is if you hope to try and walk around :)
Love Inside the NBA! The chemistry with Shaq, Ernie, Kenny and Charles is hilarious!
What dreams may come after watching sex and the city before bed? I'll probably find "the one" then analyze it.
In honor of National Library Week... what's the oddest question you've ever asked a reference librarian?
no I'm saying I got your attention you be the judge and don't waste my time.
this would all be impossible without coffee....
and , thanks! Great joy of my career: Working w great people like you guys!
I'm starting to think that everyone on is Canadian. ?
Just spent some time at Preston Castle. Did the tour, came up empty on evidence. Had fun though!
guess i roll up
#MLK monument production went really well. Can't wait to launch the video.
Starting week 2 of my quest to listen to the entire archive. Slightly creeped out by the segment on Furbies.
YW... Hope you get dat iPhone! :)
Research and Markets: Animal Food - Americas
= one of the funniest actresses I've ever seen.
Bye wifey and yeah same here <3
Including words. RT “Everything’s weird if you stare at it.” - Sam Lipsyte
thanks girl!! love you too
Vote early for issue one at the Franklin County Board of Elections. Have questions, call the BOE at 614.462.3100
Unless it's on an Amoroso roll it ain't a Philly cheese steak
i wanna be able to go away for high school and college :-)
dude it's crazy wet!
Many historians believe soccer originated in China around 1000 B.C
jewelry might be worth a little discomfort haha
what no way bet they finish just under 500
As HCM's Michael Manganiello shared with AZT story, yes, we can! RT Sec. Sebelius: Can we teach old drugs, new tricks?
Lol yeah I took a carribean literature class last year
That's due to their histories. One has a history of success, the other not so much. Have to work to get to that level.
Sounds drifting up from the main stairway: heavy metal...maybe a little mosh pit has formed?
Aw, talking to my lovley family in Pakistan :') x
I dont care if it's chilly tomorrow, I want to see YOUR FACE at Hamptons on King tomorrow after kickball.
yeah that'd be cool haha it's up to you:)
It's FINALLY getting freakin cooler here! Thank Jaysis!
A few hours away from our inaugural No Shame Theatre Chicago show at Luna Central (3914 N Clark St). Doors 10pm, Show 10:30. Be there!!
new short film & new survival job where I get to wear a t-shirt to work! ....i honestly don't know which one I'm more excited for
I have to learn how to love my body
I keep thinking we should sit down and have coffee, but there's that whole I-don't-actually-live-in-Austin-anymore thing. :(
Hell yeah I live for That moment wher I can move the crowd wit my music
This week in teak; looking for a great Danish piece to round out your mid century collection? www.midcenturymobler.com
Poor translator!
#HowIHirePeople MT In lieu of interviewing applicants #ff me to enter drawing for job opening in Treasurer's office!
RT : That was a significant shaker
Very true! For big online events, I always try to have one computer to present from and a second to see what audience sees.
You know you really care about someone when something happens to them.
That is just to discredit a person so they can continue to abuse and use and increase their wealth.
has anyone else noted that since shaved his beard off, #SKC have not been at top form. Coincidence?
this is probably gonna be a very chippy game... already some crazy contact
hope not
We are playing tonight at Woodlands Tavern 10pm opening for Larry Keel!
lol oh boy ur not the first to say that..i get chris rock too.
Books are a wonderful mind altering drug for helping us realize how much we lie to ourselves as well as others.
I'm not big on religion, but sometimes I do thank god
I hate school.
For sure Mike! That would be great!!!
no matter how many quotes and song lyrics there are, sometimes words just can't describe how you feel.
If you break up a fight, you're a "fool." If you don't, you're a "dumb pussy." Teachers: if a fight breaks out, you're damned do or don't.
find your own sound.
I don't have sex, but if I did, I'd totally do it with a chick on her period. Chicks get EXTRA horny and juicy. I'd eat it too. Just saying.
Ironically, I think we inherited this weird seating arrangement from eWaste/eJustice sesh before us.
insignificance becomes me? thanks, #Nietzsche RT : If you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you...
Pls utilize the bc! I was not lying to you. What jobs? I thought this would help, but it does not help #omla to show our feuds in public.
I like your frogsuit avi. It feels so real.
Peens, peens everywhere and not a cock to suck. #colbert report
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I came Home With A Tattoo Or Piercing
Sure they can rap, but can they croon?
Bronson crying: "I'm haunted by it. I know the family hates me & I hate myself. I'm devastated for them. I ruined their beautiful family."
I dunno, I hope we did!
Strangely nostalgic for a bad day.
Hey, check your DM.
True Life: I Used To Be A Whore
Heading to the city to shoot Crimson's music video. Just picked up the make up artist
for sure!!! Me too!
#marac McIntire reminds me of the opposite of Rev. Fulton Sheen, a "liberal" radio priest of the same time period.
Sobbing #nowplaying Corner of Your Heart, Ingrid Michaelson live
President Greg Baumann just brought two remarkable Men of Bonhoeffer into the tradition of Knighthood.
Is that what a reporter does? RT actual work done by other reporters? Keep waiting for u to leave Baltimore behind
Nice jinx. It was that Tweet that made Curry's 3 hit rim, glass, and drop
Nothing better than a weekend in the northwoods of WI
She's so hood
Starting my own production company in the works now.
Seals hate club sandwiches.
I #work hard to get more out of
I really like that!
100 miles to go. Heading into dark, dark rain clouds.
when are u coming home? I want to make sure i'm there too!
welcome back, have you been busy with research?
“: when did you start dancing??” 4 years ago. :)
During this brand break, everyone say hello to our West coast tweet-leader, !
It seems EVERYONE is still texting while driving. It's frightening.
"Southern trees bear a strange fruit. Blood on the leaves and blood at the root." ~Billie Holiday
Disconcerting the way #MittRomney's hair looks like #DonDraper's, like when poop resembles chocolate.
Who can help me to bring to followig me? :)
im on the webcast are you?
Work it like u tryna get a raise .
WOW WOWOWOWOWO---its freezing then!! haha Idk If I can handle that Weather---Its always Hot/Warm in texas!!...cantwait
Wherever Dick Clark is, do you think he's goin' hoppin'?
Chapter 11 filings seem to be increasing
Finally have enough money for a banjo.
love u girl ur a grown woman! is a bully bc she was bullied& taken advantaged of as a child, she hates herself!
To those serving in our Military, past and present. I Salute You ALL. God Bless you and your families!!!
Last minute? Bah. It's not even Friday yet.
Did someone just set off fireworks?
Let me guess: the divorce was #RussellBrand's idea…
lmfao basically I eat only like 2 a day
The kid behind me has a vuvuzuela I'm about to snap in half.
the secret's out... I got a good corner :)
Magic making a come back. Lakers will most likely win but at least theyre making it interesting. \
please #MakeItNasty for all the thristy bitches in the house tonight!!" Level 3, wooooop
I've won 6 in a row in candy land vs I've made #CandyCastle my bitch while Megatron cant even get past
i want to so badly! but she never does fan get togethers or anything in Florida :( and its not like i know where she is lol
If only all acceptance speeches were that succinct and well-spoken RT : Best Original Screenplay: The King's Speech
Yey!! I saw all your goodies at Locali this Saturday! Soo happy for you!! (Missed you at Lawrence's unicorn party)
:) Please do
San Diego music thing this saturday-- we play at u31 at 12:30 saturday night-- come in down nah!
Apparently You Don't Know How Bad Words Hurt Me! I Was Bullied For 5 Years For Gods Sake!
Tickets to see A Place To Bury Strangers and The Joy Formidable this Sat, nite The Bluebird Theater after 2pm on Whip's show
#sfgiants win. its gonna be a good night.
Glad the Giants won if couldn't be there, since that means we were beat by the champs.
you see the jacobean playwrite series?
RT : I just don't understand the need to STILL be auto-DMing people upon following. Make it stop.
#p2raid tagline: "It's overkill.' ?? p.s. this twitter acct is a great idea thank you to the creators :)
Chris Brown Got Stamina
RT : How different would the NBA be if it was Gallinari, and not Fields, that was the untouchable in the Melo trade
it makes it too tempting to add the whole kitchen sink. Every TOC feed, every widget. Not a selection.
;O GoodMorningg And Happy Birthday To My Babee :) <3
...site that will be fashion centric (upcycled accessories for men and women) Need to brainstorm with fashion savvy ppl. :)
I'll be back in ND soon. Repeat of Ciara's birthday? :)
Yeah Buddy its poppin here in #Denver Homie Congratulations G
What can I do to help you get there? You are so awesome and sexy too. Got to have you there so that I can meet you <3<3<3
Good Luck , , Go Cats!!! #beat cards
Goodluck to my good friend going under the knife tomorrow
As much as we complain, we have the best weather compared to other places in the U.S.
shucks, I'm 41, guess I don't qualify. Ha!
So Gibson was caught bc he acted a fool at Wal-Mart w blood on him. Police searched his van and found female's severed breasts in glovebox.
but does he sound good?
I said I'm going in a yes I motha fuckn' did it
Anyone going to Coachella music festival??
Congrats to though on that first win!
#abs and #shoulders on the agenda be back later C:
I wanna kiss 's face!
Good morning
Heeellloooo sidelines on a Monday night. Why you might ask?? Well why the hell not!!!!
kenny has go to go. Not good enough or even close
yes! Can't believe we didn't meet. I covered the room pretty well. Where were you??? In the fields??? :)
In case you have a dog that’s vulnerable to back off take a look in to #cementlandscape designs with concrete flooring
Every boyfriend I've had I met through someone else, a mutual friend. Someone who can tell me he's not a weirdo LOL
So all these lil niggas tryna call me their wife. But the one I wanna wife up doesn't even know I'm alive :-/ *Shrugs*
Victoria Justice?
it was not boring. It was a lot of fun.
Mayday Mayday it's First Friday! Vegas' Arts & Culture shines bright tonight in fabulous Downtown! Lots of new attractions to be unveiled!
Something happened on this railroad yesterday morning involving the test trains...a lot of horn blowing! I LIKE! :)
y'all crazy
Good job women's choir! (: we did a great job<3
not even easy like a sunday morning??
strength + beauty = nourishing. #Feed somebody today.
i kno.. i gotta come down there.. still havent been yet
Oh, it'll snow, but it's nothing us New Englanders haven't seen before!
Each suspect in Woodburn HS fire held on $50K bail; with six counts of reckless endangering & 1 count of 1st degree arson.
you got a phone ? And you don't hit a nigga up damn bro lol
without me?!
it was great to see my boy Curt... happy bithday!
Who has tiger blood?
#Tulsa will be the home team, #BYU will be the visiting team.
and what's up with ? Real? Coming to Boston?
is in love with kimchi fried rice!
if you combine skype with our platform you get the full moderated session recorded in a Video-in-Video
It's official, I need a new mac. Thank goodness I have a back up computer.
#1thingiwant4christmas- a DIVORCE!!!!
Taking "potshots?" more like stating facts. Negativity? More like talking about issues.
Burn lots of calories, eat lots of egg whites. Good way to start the New Year!
Let me be the one
#quotes Long shots do come in and hard work, dedication and perseverance will overcome almost any prejudice and open almost any door.
just been focusing on school an football wbu?
Shit needs to be like it was back in #TheOldWest After you get #Convicted of murder rape or #HorseTheft You get #Hung from the closest tree.
i love my new icon of me & billy unger ! ;o
I've never been afraid of flying or superstitious - but when a US Senator from Alaska gets on the plane, everyone gets a little nervous.
ok show out ladies lookin good!!!
I think I'm going to start a list of reasons why living with my parents is awesome. Tonight's: family gin & tonics, bbq & a movie!
I was checking the draw and did a double-take, thinking I was looking at the wrong tournament :)
Ik cause that's how we roll brotha no he but #Yolo for life. Do what we can while we can
Thinking about hating on Chance just to see what you come up with.
:) sweet! thank you!
Good times in Edmonton with SaSween. Glad you're back safe and sound.
When sweats she smells like food!!
I circumnavigated Lake Union by cycle today.
text me your number babe:)
thank you I will check that out and get back to you!!
We want to hear from you! What's everyone listening to RIGHT NOW?
Boise's response to the MWC trying to win them back, "But think of all the airline miles we'll be getting going to the Big East!"
I haven't followed the flippings & floppings, but wonder if they are a rhetorical shift rather than a change of <U+2665>
i hate how you're doubting if I even like you.. I freaking love you so much...
LOL! Ghost Creeper Girl!
Hi there....xoxo
Oh I already know, Cam wasn't even CAM yet.
Steve Bliss Law: 3914 Murphy Canyon Road, Suite A202 in San Diego, CA Providing legal help on bankruptcy, probate, and estate planning.
The Babolat Pure Drive Built for the Series Tennis Competitor- babolat tennis racquets
dude please do not drown in a bathtub.
Does it even exist anymore?
thank you for being an incredible role model for my daughters and my son. Proud to say you represent the best in our country.
*setting up automated Rev Run/Fake Will Smith account tweets*
S/O to my new followers!!!
Problems with registries "Do we really want this stuff controlled by people who run the IRS?"
We have now voted. No more mailers, please.
thanks for the mention!
Everything is so much funnier when you're dying of sleep.
I feel just fine, thank you!
Hey #pdx I am cooking up some fun for us all from . I can't wait to share the details
#smallbiz owners, what are the ethical challenges u face in ur day2day biz operations?do u have protocol to manage?
Beautiful day in the neighborhood. Tonight waterfront Sunday's.....only the grown and sexy!
Maternity Support Services, a program to promote healthy pregnancies & safer births has declined in 36 of 39 counties in WA.
The lights are back on today. Why can't we save energy every day? Even half the lights would be plenty. Boo.
MAJOR SHIFT AT HP. Printer and PC division are being merged. Bloodletting in the Exec ranks begin...
I've been putting kiddo to bed all this time so will have a go at these videos. Maybe the necklace was a gift. :-)
We are now enrolling for our summer camp!
Gloria & irene would come to my house right after i got out the shower xD! they almost saw me naked (; fxcking irene calling me pornstar(x
Two old women drinking bloody marys at Benelux.
Hey Alli, will give the winner a solid call out from stage and point you out in the crowd at
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE!!!! i get to tweet today cuz im not going to school :O YAY! lol im sick tho thats y :(
hey Matt, thanks for the retweet!
andy reid
Thrilled to see joining the Twitter conversation!
he likes your big boobiess ;) hahahha zee i miss you!!!
On my way to Lordstown
enter maribelle anes contest you would get a free t shirt and sign by her u could get more info on youtube......
win is a win ugly or beautiful I will take it
God morning Viet-nam!! (Robin Williams voice)
Thanks for the RT ! Are you back home now after your trip? Can't wait to read your articles. Come visit any time in Colorado :-)
No worries Connor, did the videos help?
odd that it used to be up to (C) owner to claim (C) now it's up to info users to find them.
I envy you. You love to learn. It seems I only love having learned anymore. Have you ever heard of systems science?
everytime I see a colossal bug on FB (everyday), I think "write crap code and profit on the backs of suckers, er, users"
we need proof!
Is feeling the pain inflicted by his personal trainer at 5:30 AM.
sweet!! i'm so excited!!
awesome! see you at the events! :)
Career Planning for Emerging Mid-Level Professionals at #vam2012! Talking about career journals!
If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything. I'm positive that a doer makes mistakes. ~ John Wooden
I’m usually absurdly compliant, prob the only teen ever to ask for a curfew (tired of not knowing what “too late” meant).
Our studio is about to be invaded by 20 design students. Bring 'em on!
Dear kid whippin the grandma car, Your not at cool as you think! <3 Me
You can also disable the feature in your settings.
just watched perform in wheeling Wv awesome show!!!
Restaurant 3 's Basic Bacon Recipe & Bacon Week
Nutmeg is a cat after my own heart.
Congrats to on moving to 50th on the NBA All-Time Points List passing HOFers Isiah Thomas & Chet Walker!
I got Twi-hacked. Losing weight? Mango extract? Not my thing. GAIN WEIGHT!
just try and keep your chin up>AB
More than I've knitted in two, so you have me beat...
#CreativeCloud flash to html 5 ok cool I would output to video
maybe my name doppelgänger ?
UGH UGH UGH UGH UGH UGH
oh, shit. it's cinco de mayo on saturday. well, there goes my dignity.
I act like I don't care... It's because I really don't care.
stay focused, but not the exclusion of taking a breath and taking in your peripheral vision - that's where the magic lives!
The Navy League Dinner is tonight! Presenting the 2nd Annual Citizens Support of Our Armed Forces Award to Jonathan Green, w/ 620 WTMJ radio
I would master it, but I'll get to it later
Back n it to win it
best believe it! I'll see you there?
m good
Seeing them tomorrow at the Bradley Center in Milwaukee. So excited!
Can it be Wednesday already? That way I don't have to stress about the AP anymore,,
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 53
lies the greatest
my phone died :c lmao. Sergio is probably freaking out.
Why didn't you guys make the Smokeout Conversations shirt better?
Going fishing!!
is it an intentional side-effect that I read "I make the www fun" in my head using the Strongbad voice?
yeah i knew it. Meany
#ICantDateSomeoneThat is bisexual nothing against em I just cant deal wit a woman that likes every damn person they see!!!
I just landed in Denver, will u be tweeting from Africa ?
yea, now. waiting ;)
I need a Dj from the Gulf Coast to hit me up!!
you good?
Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there!...WITH A BOTTLE OF TEQUILA!! Crap, didn't work.
#FounderShowcase states Romney seems a better executor of ideas than Obama
Happy Christmas to you, too. :)
If you need some awesome #textures, check out Very useful for #infographics and
Me, Sam Mounier, because I end every one of my showers by thanking The Academy.
Anyone using Google+ and Chrome, I highly recommend using Start Google Plus. It let's you manage your fb, twitter, and g+ all from Google+.
March Madness is in full effect at Big Wangs Hollywood. Join us!
Sure - just did.
Celebrating closing out 2010 & wishing everyone an even BETTER 2011 and a Happy New Year!!!
Parrothead party palm harbor June 4, treasure island yacht club concerts, acoustic alchemy largo cc-June fun
easier said then done (:
No negative energy.
New house, new dog, new school year...
Happy Mother's day to all of the women who mother...you're vital to the world. We appreciate you!
Use Twitter to tweet your location and your status: #injured #trapped #readytohelp I've rigged up a drupal site for aggregating
I couldn't risk the possibility of another heir...
No, I get you, believe me. (Never been above the poverty line, have a straight, white Dad who is transient & sometimes homeless.)
VIP Floor seats to Home Opener next season? Yes Please.....Fingers Crossed
lol getting nana mad is hilarious >>>>
lol it's ridiculous
#YouCuteAndAllBut your voice is about as squeaky as a mouse.
This mostly sums me up: "Ability is a poor man wealth."
Working on a client website - Anyone aware of a #pregnancy #duedate calculator #widget? Small client project, but would love #birthing tips!
Day 1 of Post Production for #TheTownThatDisneyBuilt the film I'm directing about #CelebrationFL and the history of the #Disney area.
Passed electric and plumbing inspection today so kitchen is officially signed off. Still needs some finish work but that will come.
Probably never realized that the icon is a floppy.
Once everything is popping I'm taking my ass back to college..I still want a business degree
Stay Prayered Up
Elephants are the only mammals that cannot jump.
I might be moving back to NC, im sad and glad at the same time i have more friends here than NC But i have my Best friend in NC..... :) :(
Lovely busy evening! Apps with and #petuniapicklebottom, cocktails with , and dinner with
“: #Taurus does not care that people think they are weird.” haha, I embrace my weirdness! :)
She does, but what sucks is that she hates your gf/songwriter...
Give up position in the post for possession of the basketball
This game show at Tekko has me crying for
Sad to miss #builtheritage chat- heritage & books, my 2 loves- but my excuse seems somehow fitting- I'll be at Walt Whitman's birthplace!
Tony Luca kicked ass!!!
RT : #logan12 Susanne Reber of NPR says she gets more pushback on investigative work than any other place. Sponsors push back.
thanks for that great video about commercial casting! :)
So is Speculative Realism actually the game 'Animal, Vegetable or Mineral'? ;-)
#zergrush on Google is pretty awesome.
awesome! When? How are things?
Long list of things to be cleared for use in films, right down to tattoos (view from the deep pockets side of things)
On behalf of my hard earned cash, I would like to bid adieu to as I relocate to a credit union.
thanks,just leave them in my bag?
When does someone's attitude to change go from curious to suspicious? --- dhh at
is he single?
that's you guys
...Last time I was there Brooklyn Bridge Park had just opened but was still under construction.
I'm not shy, I'm holding back my awesomeness, so I don't intimidate you.
Can't wait to get my half sleeve colored in!!
oh well its fine and thats fun
Heading to CAMEX ... check us out in booth #2521!
Finally, the big boys get prosecuted for the trading shenanigans that have been goin on for years! Take that RBC ha!
I'm so damn hungry. I used to be the first lunch at school now I'm the last today.
I wonder if they read his political & social leanings via his newsletters. Lie long enough & it will become the truth.
doesn't follow us on here :( but he follows me on my personal :'D <3
Good day. Good day.
“: she's out of her mind! #needsalife” #needsahaircut she hates mee lol
oh thats cool
I think beliebers should be in Justin's music videos. Not models. I mean we are way more sexier.
If someone talks twit on twitter, does that make him/her a twit-talker or a tweet-talker?
#WomensHealth: Protect your skin. Slather one full ounce of sunscreen all over your bod to guard against both UVA & UVB rays.
Its nice to see the Hornets steal game 1 against the Lakers in LA
Omg my body is so sore from my workout
Odd Future came from the bottom, and it's gonna take a couple armed armies tryna stop 'em.
is rocking facebook today! I give her a perfect 10. And a gold star. And a fluffalump but not a weasel.
T3: I think the only moral obligation for a provider is to provide the best care possible. That's it.
good job #Catalyst I live in Houston and went to seminary with your dad:)
BIli I did not get a call from you. I would have answered on the first ring.
Darn, missed it!
Counseling and therapy adds are running deep in the pittsburgh newspapers.
Have fun! I used to intern for the show; everyone there is a sweetheart.
boys are only good for one thing, <------------- Fill in the rest of the sentence, please
“Money grows on the tree of persistence”
sweet! I'll be heading down there tomorrow morning. When's your video screening? Hope I get a chance to see it again!
Suggests that we keep in mind that learning alternative discourses is crucial to bridging gaps
apparently so!
your just soo adorable(:
Yep, Theon is definitely no Ned. And he doesn't have Ice to help him. That death took some work.
": So fed up with men...."were not all bad.
First it was the really expensive car repair, now it's Word not saving any of my transcription work. I am not having a good weekend.
It's a pirate's life! Pirates of the Caribbean themed Custom and Micro Beds are up now on #productionvault! Arrrrrr!
I'm glad you enjoyed my city. I wish the onyx didn't have that stupid age limit smh
Really thinking about grabbing Eastern Washington in this CBB night cap.
[UPDATE] Committee on Human Services votes 4-0 to approve the report and the resolution granting subpoena power.
New Mexico: Love to hear your thoughts on Deshon Marman covering national and international headlines.
Received my beloved Thera-tee, signed and numbered! Do I open the package to wear it or is it a collectible? Dilemma!
thanks a bunch! Wish out worst nightmares weren't coming true.
Love it! RT : Rules of Chocolate Easter Eggs: If you get melted chocolate all over your hands, you're eating it too slowly.
lol HaHaHa I know you mad !
blame bliemia for calling 2 Timeouts in the 3rd they could really use those right now
I NEED MONEY FOR MORE TATTOOS.
No I will follow her. Sunglasses do keep you from aging. Did you read something I wrote?
#WeWontWork if you think your friends have the answer to all of our relationship problems. It's only suppose to be 2 of us, not 3 or more
Ah, everyone has a cousin like that ;)
A little bit of everywhere lol what about you?
hopefully soon
Party on! From LA to Guantanamo Bay. Living fancy! Im excited about our fundraiser for Maddy Schwartz. She Deserves everythin
what gauge is the ring? Sometimes the smaller sizes are more challenging but they are very easy to put in...Thanks =)
Didn't know there are only 2 PPs in WI. Tragedy- providing healthcare access to low income women is sorely needed.
here's what I take from that...MLB is outsourcing this job to a lab in Canada! And Quebec of all places! Shame!
aw thanks you too =)
#SomeTimesIWonder how it feels to be a tweep!!!!!!!
So is anyone going to Greentopia Festival ? I am going to check out this amazing Festival today! Let us know what you think....
So much to celebrate about. So much to worry about.
yeppers! And I'm glad that he is now in my state xD but I live in North Florida.. :(
RT : There are 923 words in the English language that break the "i before e" rule. Only 44 words actually follow that rule.
Thanks for the RTs! :)
Bring with you tomorrow!
I think it was meant magnanimously / but giving gum / to a starving bum / seems a little cruel to me
Just the schedule I work.
We know what to expect. They're fast and strong and play an open style - Andrew Lindsey
great to meet u! hope u left w a new Porsche. talk soon! finally!
fuck this family, how in the fuck are you gonna accuse me of shit you all know i didn't do. FUCK YOU
It was tweeted a little while ago. Very classy move on his part.
following! :) Always down to support ! #canigetaRT for a Forever Faithful???
Who is ready for some football!
Are you attending a Halloween party this weekend? What are you dressing as?
I'm always right even when I'm wrong.
A lot of fellows nowadays have a B.A., M.D., or Ph.D. Unfortunately, they don't have a J.O.B.
great song
gonna be another crazy flyers game... I'll just watch it from work... they better have the game on or I'll kill them.
Hey everyone, go check out our bands site- www.3sgiants.com, and check out our page on Facebook- Third Stream Giants! Our CD coming soon! :)
no problem Hun!
haha i have to pick clara up. Doesnt grandpa pick u up?
These charge calls are getting ridiculous
50 years ago today, Bob Dylan released his first album, "Bob Dylan"
sorry if that confused you guys, I suck. Haha.
The key to life is to become skillful enough to do rewarding things in life -- Jim Rohn
I complain too much. I need to stop
joe mama
I wish our country was as passionate about art as they are about celebrities and "football"...boo.
Why not dress like a lunatic? It's #newyork after all...
<U+263A> Thanlks' “: happy mothers day :)”
Take it to the Head
#thebloggess ....cheaper than therapy! Keep on.
#LRT Life is short so live a little . .
Thursday, per usual: Wing Nites at Coney, Ironwood and Culpeppers. Bodacious B plays the Brown, DJs at Coney and Boomies...
Dragons are a wonderful creature.
Hmm sorry i have no idea when it is i know her new movie "the last song" is coming out april 3rd
Couldn't find my old shirt so i'm making a dress instead .-.
have not found a place yet...
Your Swagg Is On Point & You Keep Me Coming RIGHT Back .
I know, right? All wknd I tho't "this time last week we were ..." so fun! And I'll come when u say I can! xo
Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen says recall petitions targeting Scott Walker should be made public.
Nice to see you!
aw thanks Matt!
Sounds like a college breakfast to me.
Do you have the disease to please??
Chillen back enjoying life eating and sleeping is my day today
6 more hours, oh my gosshh
GOOD MORNING TWEETS! STILL SLEEPY... IT'S TIME FOR BREAKFAST.
Ready for the holidays?
lol ijs b nice either way don't wish or hope bad stuff u blunt just like me tho lmao
Wasnt gunna give up on #oomf but I changed my mind.. Fuck it
Twitter is no longer serving me well. Someone give me a good reason to keep it.
Follow him show him some luv he works at the happiest place on eart =]
positive thoughts with positive energy makes things come true
of course!
Tonight go check out Club Pleasures over in West Hollywood hope to see you all there hugs :-)
R.I.P Joe Paterno
Now watching hilarious
Which is Exactly why I want you sleeping in your own bed when you watch my dogs :)
Al Horford said he will reevaluate how he feels tomorrow, but didn't say he's a definite for Game 4.
Some youth think they'll be lame if they get a job cuz they dont want to work 4 the gov Who do you think put the drugs there you're selling?
Media Screening of Colombiana tonight
Time to turn the clocks back. Hope I can remember what I did for the past hour, for continuity, since I'll need to repeat it.
Free 12 oz coffee or cold brew until 9am if you are biking to work!
#raw10 They said Gangsta Rap n Heavy Metal music causes Violence. If thatz the case, what was Charles Manson listening to? Elvis
until you fall in love.. With your car.
Hell yes.
:) I'm reminded of a good friend's screen saver in college: "Oh God not another learning experience".
You land there, you get it.
Time to leave for baseball
Browns draft crew and front office get fucked again!!!!, way to go dumbass's. Great give away more picks why dont ya.
Hellboy is one of the worst movies ever made.
JUST BOUGHT MY TICKETS IM FLIPPING OUT. ALDKDKCSNSJSHS
maybe I may need to discuss everything with you before I go to class.
Nekoosa look s bad, Bloomer that good, or both?
kinda reminding me of Cool Morning.(:
thanks for pointing me toward the garbage can
Full day of volunteer training! WordShop will provide creative & academic writing opportunities for students.
Thanks for the love - I could use it today!
I hope everyone has a wonderful day, <3
BoyFriend mt loco o clip
I still have feelings for you; not enough to want you back, but enough to make me hurt...
Can I please be driving a tractor and playing drums (with my kids) like Levon Helm when I'm 71?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> good morning texts from him >
aha sorry I shouldve done really & nah I'm not :)
Yep, with Brady, Brees, Manning(x2), Newton, Rodgers, Roethlisberger and Stafford to go
I need to get down to that casino. Play the slots, grab something to eat, I wonder if my sister wants to go with me.
It's all in the game, right? Throwing in the series finale of
Sunday morning with the family!
Who in the what is this is?
iPad 3 now in stock in Millersville. (call to reserve yours!) 1-866-MAC-MEDICS
I'm glad to do so. Thanks for following
Anti Fracking meeting here tonight in Parkman Ohio over concerns for the Grand River, supplies fresh water for most of NE Ohio
Happy mothers day mommy. I love you. Thank you for putting up with me and all the crazy shit I do.
I'm about to throw up, they're talking about the details of birth.
Them robbers took my peace of mind....
Great article, D! Thanks for passing it on. The Chatty Cathys are the worst: they tend to brag at the same time. Sheesh!
I'll b there tomorrow to give you a hug :-)
I want a dog, a big one not some ankle bitter.
awe that's awesome! I want to meet her so bad! Hope I can go to a show one will be fairy close where I live!
Ugh take me home.
Honored to be speaking on a panel w/ & Judith Matloff on international reporting, violence & trauma at 3:45pm today at
is it today lady gaga birthday? ..
#YourNotCoolIf you wear Tom's
yum. My mouth is watering at LAX.
Baltimore's children - the true jewels of our city.
volume knob, twist it right,gotta get yo sound up,gotta job,listen up, hustle get yo pounds up,u will neva c me doin anything a clown does
What topic are you adding to the Affinity groups board?
SO JEALOUS!!
...and we're walking! Thanks for the inspiring message.
We are having a blast! We love it!
Waiting at school, there's like no one here.
Appalachian Granny is baking Graham Cracker Pies fresh at Acme! Order one today! 614-732-2803
I always have to stop myself from tweeting sexual 'birthday cake' lyrics when I listen to the song
Straight off the boat!!!
Hope you'll do a post about those great BOF public sector site questions.
Happy Thanksgiving Twitter Fam :-)
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!:D
Sad day. Macho Man Randy Savage died.
#Taxes r not destroying middle class. Trade law enforcement on China is the culprit. Quit blamin successful people & small #business owners.
Chen #the voice....I luv the show!
oh shnap! hometown sounds is the hotness.
Hey! Ali- would love to chat with you about a show i am casting! How do I email you?
Finally got a share of #Packers stock for my son's first Christmas. Hope he likes it as much as I did when I got mine 15 years ago.
We dont wanna never end ..!
because I can!!! Okay? So shut up and let me talk shit ! Hah! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
hanging w/ my chicas in about a hour
24 little hours.
I won a Guns n' Roses one (I was 9). Can I just like acid-wash, backyard clutter, and rusty 80s muscle cars?
always welcome to come use mine bro
lol I've always liked mustangs :p and don't be a hater!
I just love playing music. I'm not a really complicated guy.
" yeah i got my weave ripped out but i still beat her ass ! " L M F A O . what is air right now omg i cant.
3:30 PM today - SHRM meeting - 2 WHOLE STRATEGIC CREDITS! Rarer than hen's teeth. That's why I started HRTrainingPortal.com!
I think what I love most about you other than your laugh is your sense of humor.(: I love you<3
Jaco Pastorius in Grand Cru… North Baltimore lacrosse dads like fretless bass, apparently.
you're making my head ache with all you're tweets...
Retweet if you HATE the youtube 5 second commrecials.
already following :p follow bak (:
There is a bottleneck at their booth. Very popular. RT : Just left the HP booth, WOW!
Those who can... Do. Those who can't... talk about those who Do! Don't just live today, be GREAT everyday!! RT
What's Wango Tango ?
Food was great - everything done perfectly. I had the blackened catfish.
What? What is THAT?? Who does that? Rude!
al done. (: it's creepy as fuck to retweet that... I don't even know you?
Need an era on Mario's. Gotta let me know if the meatballs are still the best in town
Woah! You don't wanna be That Guy!
psychological fact! when someone appears in your dreams, it's because that person misses you/ thought about you before they fell to sleep
730 finals are cruel and unusual punishment.
get Timmy a lawyer cuz tonight he killed it
it would look better that way instead of the slide down version now
Facebook and politics go together like John Edwards and politics.
love Willa Ford! I wanna be bad was my Shit!
Hold Thats Thought.. THE NAME IS LONDYN!
Occasional Pot smoking new study shows does no harm to lungs. Bad news is all the late night junk food eating causes heart disease.
thanks ! Mother's Day here in New York, spending the day with my family
Going to see and tonight !
My phone is doing some stupid stuff. -.-
lol. Yea go do that ASAP!
mine is good just alot going on
because I get to see all the wonderful people at Shaler
it's all in da poop
Wet Ultra Lounge tonight with Power 102. For reservations call Sarah 915-449-2066
Haha Thanks:) I Made It!! And I Love Too!
sure :D
Now I'm home and my emotions can finally let loose.
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
hell yeah!<3(:
indeed dear sister.
Happy Winter Solstice!
"Nigga see you in the street, pretend to be friendly/But I know any type of success breeds envy"
Caesar salad and tortilla soup all day everyday.m.
You'll need to purchase 15 to get a free one..
Well you know my motto on that. Lol RT either way I would do whatever I wanted.
Das Rheingold at the metropolitan opera
A4: This happened to me. Everything was fairly equal - I seriously chose based on commute alone. It worked out, cuz I'm happy.
"They're big, they're long, they bang you" - Hubie Brown, talking about...porn?
No one should be surprised #Spurs & #OKC ran their opponents off the floor because they had ACTUAL REST.
Would love to hear more about what parts of your life would work with Budge.
UGH Me too! Stupid Amazon STILL had not shipped mine! IDK how the hell I'm supposed to get it by Tuesday...
Am I the only one in this crowd who has actually had a conversation with her?
Let's elect some more, then! RT : Senate approves Ex-Im Bank 78-20. Senate has just 20 opponents of corporate welfare.
Absoutly PRG!! Look forward to getting to know you more!
I was being lame come get me plz lol
Just wait until you guys see what the Mountain Xpress has cooking for the Big Love Fest!
#starwarsday! Whaaa! And Saturday is free comic book day! Best week ever!
If you are at the game, please go over and strangle Tommy Edwards for me.
Welp, saw the sales number from the after party at and all I can say is Im glad it wasn't on my tab.
Rocking out at The Blue Room in Canton TX!!!
Two days ago it was 40 and ice-like pellets were raining from the sky. Today? 80.
Happy birthday, Lindy! I hope you had a great day!
RT NOAA announces complete closure of commercial Chinook salmon fishing season in ocean from Cape Falcon, OR to the US/Mexico border.
my day was coo, cant complain. watchu up to now
Now at "I may 'like' you but I'm not in 'like' with you."
sounds like LA.. especially music people in LA !!! You know who you are? :)
Ba Ba Ba, Ba Ba na na
(2/2) i'm contemplating on taking a loss for the services i already paid for at NLH and switching back to rigrag :)
these collaborative tools are becoming more prevalent, not sure about young vs. mid-career academics or in what fields.
we don't publicize collections @ other repositories, but we will point researchers to them if relevant.
Why doesn't my doctor have any magazines? This is the last time I'm coming 15 minutes early like they ask me to.
because you started ignoring my texts, honey!
we may wanna use your services. I'm running a small business called and we need stickers for promo.
Let me know if you have any questions, perhaps I can help?
Twitter= FREEDOM OF SPEECH BABY <3
sounds like rock and roll
audience stuffed with Gingrich Fans?
Don't forget that unlike your LA pool parties, the only place in Rochester you don't have to wear clothes is Rick's Tally Ho.
RT : Don't settle for someone that's going to disrespect you.
Welcome new friends:
what kinda gs cookies?
The bears pick who? Keep me posted
I got a crazy movie NINE DEAD!! Tpot did you watch it YET???
Time for some Churchs Chicken. God Bless.
i got tyler fever lol but with this fever i dont wanna be healed
Hulu.com links still don't work on Android phones...that's embarassing.
At the movies 2 see "Think Like a Man" w/some1 I'm seeing....shld be interesting, since I'm not w/my girls. LOL
LOVE IT! Listen at 10:40pm for your shout out!
The number 8 has so much significance behind it. It symbolizes rebirth ,regeneration , and renewal. This is what our movement is about
I feel u
So much for being peaceful...
Summer is here #Seattle! Hope you all had a gr8 holiday. I went 2 Cannon Beach. Come by & enjoy breakfast or lunch paninis & coffee a fresca
- Thanks for the RT dolls! You know you guys ROCK! & thanks for my wedding well wishes! Yayy! Xox
I'm not a promoter, I just like #karaoke!!! Tonight #7ultralounge 8-2Am FREE laughs ALL NIGHT! Unleash ur inner
I just want to turn over, but my charger won't reach that far!
You're really funny bro! Just wanted you to know, every time i read your tweets I laugh my ass off! lol
ask the creations of my mother :)
you kno the new girl in front of you? at first i was like"uwhh, she cute.o; " then she stood up...shes a stick with clothes
“: My closet looks like a lululemon store” and your bank account?! Lol
today kinda sucks cause I'm so tired
Its an invasion tonight
Xo Beniam RT : “: so you agree with gay marriage?” you don't?!
#MW2012 tweets coming in fast! Brain exploding (in a good way). Thanks to everyone for sharing such great info. :)
I'm supposed to bug you about camping sometime in early may. *prods with stick*
I'm sorry, my keypad was feeling a little flirtatious today
I never understood women who don't mind be a side chick like where is your pride self-esteem self respect smh some women are pathetic lol
hey - possibly. What night?
Pulled an all-nighter and woke up at 10 ... That's how party freaks do it!! xD
There's a better one that I am still searching for. This one's a 7 and the other ones a 10.
David Ash throws a high, but catchable ball on 3rd down, right through the hands of Mike Davis. Punt. UT yet to cross 50.
Well nice to meet you Debbie. You prove one thing...that there are lots more good looking conservatives than libs, ha
Good morning Hollywood! Please let good luck come my way today!!!
San Francisco has come through for me, as it always does! RT : But you can get it through our Link+ system with your SFPL card!
I can actually say that I'm going to bed with a smile on my face. :)
Stone cold. RT Another ship saw the Titanic sinking but didn’t make an effort since the ship’s captain was soundly asleep.
"I can live for two months on a good compliment." - Mark Twain. Have you complimented your players today? Your fellow coaches?
Everybody knows you have to look at a guy's feet to tell!
woop michele finally followed me. :') <U+E326><U+E03E>
This might be the best year in movies since ... As long as I can remember
hope i pass my history quiz tomorrow (:
Oh... Thanks for the correction. In the case of Australia, they allowed SWG to be sold there I'm not sure why swtor is a no go.
He will follow u one day! NEVER SAY NEVER!
Watching old episodes of the secret life
Glad it took maybe a week and a day for my iPod nano 1st gen to get to the repair place. Better mean I'll get my fancy new nano in a week :)
Use #gridworks a lot? Plz blog and tell us how and why. E.g., if you have to make your data public first, would you still use it?
Remember to tell your friends that they are perfect just the way they are.
The turnout this weekend was GREAT! Spring Break is in full swing - hope all you crazy kids are being safe...and going crazy - OKC style!
Marinated this chicken for 4 days... Cracked open a drifter ipa and started the grill :]
“: Ladies: A man who has options will not stay faithful in a long distance relationship! #ConflictOfInterest”
The weekend is so far away, can't wait for Tribeca Film Fest and Lot's of popcorn!
This fucking guy is crazy!
Dreams are not easy to reach, you must work for it, struggle for it, and don't be afraid to get up when you fall.
When i watched that video of it was so inspiring and made me cry it was overwhelming to see those kids so happy(:
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>Did you Move to Miami??(:
“: #My2yearsofhighschool i found out who was really there for me.. and to trust no one..” true. :/
"Be a rainbow in someone else’s cloud.”
CIVICS LESSON “Here's the thing about rights. They're not supposed to be voted on. That's why they call them rights.”
"Is encoding sexy again?" No and that assumes that it ever was sexy.
I Love bunches!!!!NO MATTER WHAT!!!!<3
Frohes Neu Jahr! Happy new year! Looking forward to 2012 for sure
but you can't go wrong when it's "righteous"!
Sunk costs are the reason shitty movie sequels get made. Interestingly, also the cause of heart burn. "Can't let that go to waste!"
There's an order to the universe: space, time, Chuck Norris... Just kidding. Chuck Norris is first.
just emailed you but it bounced back. ?
Deal of the Month! Buy 1 Subway 6 inch b4 9am & get a 2nd 6 in free! Month of April Get 1 4 brkfast save the other 4 lunch!
RT : What drains your spirit drains your body. What fuels your spirit fuels your body. ~ Caroline Myss
Make sure to "like" on Facebook! They are giving away a cake pop basket to one lucky FB fan once they reach 250!
Yeah! Free trip to Italy and I have been asked to give a talk at my first ever international HIV conference!
Can't wait for unique los angeles!
But what happened to Dallas Blocker? He had that one jammy called "Rock Ya Body" ...man say, that was tha shit.
I've decided that I'm afraid of your patrons.
this is the best weekend of my life :)))))))
good luck to you all! Have fun, MKE can't ask for better youth representation!
Why do people from my school have twitters.. Like no you're all idiots gtfo only I can because I'm perfect
you "had"? Then what happened? No longer there?
Tell these kids to learn an instrument and all their problems will take care of themselves.
You've got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing. Arthur Ashe
I have no past. I have the possibility to live my life over again...
thanks...lunch or hh soon?
Baccalaureate, listening to fellow students give prayers of thanks in Tibetan, English, Sanskrit, Arabic, and Hebrew. We are IU.
Being single = less drama, but lonely. Being in a relationship = chance of being cheated, but chance of being loved. The choice is yours.
The La Quinta Inn by show on Saturday is sold out. I suspect Mike booked all of the rooms on the first floor.
Just finished waychin a good movie wit fam #thelovelybones Next is movie
I swear black people don't know how to act while playin ball.
you're a hosting magician. "I don't know how she does it"--starring Sarah Jessica Parker, Greg Kinnear, and Marina Michelson.
massive headache!
Fuck. Me. Hard.
it only hurts when we pretend it doesn't.
if you got the groupon deal for two people i know of someone who would happily split the price with you!
I'm dying to get to a zoo one of these days.
Thanks for the follow. I look forward to reading some of your tweets :)
Headed to get some legit Texas BBQ today. Done with the fine dining, real #fatkid time.
Oh yup??
A real man's love comes from his heart.
and ur not?
Any recommendations for workout apps on iPhone? I'd like something with a tracker
Just get on with it already Thursday. Can't wait to see what tomorrow holds.
I kno better hook me up wit dem friends
It's been a long day of gardening, home improvement projects and cooking special meals. Am mixing algicide instead of G & T. X-p
Trying to do some #MCN2012 proposal outreach & the site is down for me : ( -- anyone else?
hoping to swing an 2010 Winter Olympic date for our production!!!!
Where's the ball bouncing today
100% utilization=all my slots booked AND all my patients came. Can be really elusive in outpatient non-private practice setting!
I picture Vinny as the trouble maker at the retirement center. Lol
Starting to see why the Ducks recruited Pryor so heavily.
: have fun today/night!
you make me blush! You da you da best
I was sorry to leave in the middle but an iPhone can only hold my daughter so long. You'll forgive me, I know.
There is still hope! If the Hawks play like they did yesterday, they might have a chance. Thunder can stay with the Heat!
Group projects, papers and job applications.. Yeah, it's definitely the end of the semester
Sorry "POST GAME"..
In other news, if you try to find legitimacy in the concept of YOLO, you are a fucking idiot.
Thank-you! Great tip! Appreciate the explanation!
is back to school...let the fun times roll!
awww, just saw this! You two are adorable!
Woot! Have a safe trip!
I'm too tired to even consider payback options.. But that would've been hilarious and I'll keep it in mind for next time
I had one today. Not sure I care why, just that you are out... RT : I've never understood why people put personal...
“: GUYS: a simple "I love you" "I miss you" "you're beautiful" text can make your girl SMILE :)”
FYI a girl with naturally big tits never sleeps on her back and always needs a firm mattress, not an urban legend.
I think with all the social media this series is even crazier. Key for the Pens and their fans is to ignore the talk and control emotions.
there is down here in the chicago burbs.
Thanks for the follow! Hope to see you at this year's #DiplomaticBall - sending you the Save the Date tomorrow.
you know that's right
From Sat, the good old days of MKE Bball RT waukee: Forty years ago, were the best in the basketball world...
was thinking about what makes one successful. how do you tell? feedback from others? no. it's gotta be internal.
lil wayne coming up with a new sneaker line? damn..i hate this niggas music so much..can't imagine what them shoes gonna look like..
Of course it would take a ute to pull off arguably the greatest fourth quarter performance in nfl history.
we hittin the courts soon or what??
agree! Need more residency training slots for graduating medical students/new doctors
My psychology final exam is now a take home test !!!! Thank the good Lord :)
Thanks, that app, manageflitter is pretty nice
cat nap
Harley's is Milwaukee on Oakland has nice suits.
Happy Birthday Judd. I look forward to making YOU laugh
Aye!! DJ in this muthafucka!!
Back from Williston ND. just got back to Austin Tx. today, damn was I sleepy.
Hold me on a cold day...
just Lyme disease. NBD
Some Chinese food would be so good right about now!!!
yea Woodrow got hit hard! Mine and everyones windows down the street are all busted.
I was almost afraid to look. "Wesley Crusher's dice bag" could be any number of things.
And... "impacted" the verb - #ThePitch makes me think of you so much! Also ;)
- very helpful advice in an excellent talk today. Many thanks!
What's YOUR favorite social media site and why?
That's so STUPID.
I feel like i'm more mature than alot of adults.
not at all!! Let that fan flag fly! They're your team.
just had a thought...this Alumni game on Saturday, do you have to be a FOOTBALL alum or just a TOWSON Alum to partake?
'Stats Are Blind' was my jam once upon a time LOL! Can't wait for her upcoming stuff.
Nothin to do... So headed to the Black... Keep the bullshit at home!!
Interesting that Hoppin sd that a px w reviewers is that they don't know the older lit...Just because its old doesnt make it less relevant
what's the topic for #ABAchat tonight?
The airlift will never work chaos too many people no place to land go back
I love hugs. Who doesn't?!
We need a star player on the perimeter that can take over a game along with ZBO/Marc in the paint.
lol you got it you twitter thug!!
Thanks for sharing
what's the web address?
Awhh. Is that his name? Is he like, a pit bull?
Walking with neighbors and friends for the # -- and against violence and fear
I Play Old Songs Still Like They New...
Thanks for following.. I'll try to keep my posts fun! :)
I am hanging out near the AAM bookstore until 5 if anyone wants to visit :)
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked : " are you Chinese? "
congrats on the PS Team Online!
Great day
I wonder if girls shake the gas pump after filling it up or is that just a guy thing?
I might be sick but you best believe I'm crispy on the sides
Youth Court in session this Saturday!
--> No sex since March... Must be stressful. Maybe I can help :-D
same its been a minute mam how you been
i wish aint have to make my mama worry Nomo
Watching a video presentation of Seau's beginnings in Oceanside.
Hey I hear you like older girls. I'm not trying to brag or anything, but I'm a month older than you;)
I'm not surprised!
Question for #tucon attendees: can ActiveMatrix BPM easily expose processes as Web Services for integration with external systems?
Finally picked up the whip yesterday
cbs 58 is airing a ride along with local us marshals cracking down on fugitives right now, this should be some good tv!
m I miss your soft lips too, don't get me started!
June 25 is the next Foodportunity, Save the date!
Catching up on #madmen . Roger Sterling on LSD is brilliant.
of course we can :D
love u hi babe.
"Star Trek Insurrection Hot Sauce" JUST A TIP FOR TREK MERCHANDIZING! YOU THINK THAT SHIP SAILED? TAKE AN EFFIN CUE FROM LUCAS, PARAMOUNT!
Couldn't think of a better day for a baseball game
Fun #FF Always so nice to see you--appreciate you thinking of me!
:D text me! My numbers on facebook.
you teach us something new everyday. thank you cher.
“Reading without reflecting is like eating without digesting.” Edmund Burke
Um I TOTALLY DO.
RT i envy and salute people who makes "healthy living" part of their lives! exercise and balance diet ^^ woah so hard!
Absolutely ! We'll def check out while we're in Nantucket. Keep up the great work!
#LEXIPHILE-o-d-Day: 'I am presently employed', said the gift wrapper...
Congrats to the #Packers for winning the #Superbowl. The #phillyhunt clue for this week comes tomorrow, more great prizes in store.
Oh snap, IBL Toolkit beta is out! High five
we can make this happen.
Gah I such a sucker for the ending of Beauty and the Beast.
At Mayoral Forum at Newseum, Gray Chair, Lorraine Green, Fenty Chair, Bill Lightfoot (and me) sitting together
I assume they did- dont remember that much though so I have to wait & see the police report : /
hey is 107.5 gonna be givin' away tickets for her Aug. show at the Wells Theatre? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Hey ~firstname~, its Omer. Its a HUGE Party Wknd!
Who knows the new menu item being introduced on January 10?!
Lady Gaga's Grammy dress is sick! J'adore.
really?! how good are they?!
I think I prefer #epsteineffect “: #teamepstein”
I miss you more gorgeous! <U+2764> yes I'll be there": no! I miss your beautiful face :)! <U+2764> Hope to see you Saturday >:]!"
RT if you're going to Warped Tour in Houston to see tomorrow ^.^
is the plan for ultimate hanger done? Its been two hours -- and time is ticking.
In so much pain that Im shaking and crying. I so wont be online for days because of that
Wow! Child w/autism at 6mos prefer a non-lang freq sound over motherese talk %of preference correlates to degree of autism
do my fucking dishes. Without your daily vlogs i wont have something to random laugh at while im srubbing plates and blows.
Within a span of 24 hours, had several appts cancel....but the fact that I may be involved in a new project makes up for it. In spades.
Doctors have recognized the link between pH imbalance and disease since the early twentieth century.
Haha well Whiteman Airport is very close!
#Top100Lies I care about you!
Only in New Orleans. I just seen a Yellow School Bus on the road and it's almost 10PM
Im tired all the time now!!!!!!!
this may be a deal
my life is almost complete i just need advice :P
hahahha yes this weekend needs to end like right now -.- lol
At the hospital with one of my seniors. She says "you are so good to me." priceless I tell you priceless
Well I thank you for that LOL
hash tag free
Hi Dolls. Totally sick! I can barely lift my head. No cocktail lounge today :( talk to you soon.
TOMORROW @ TWITTER THURSDAYS @ SILVER WERE GIVING AWAY A FREE PAIR OF TIX 2 C JAY Z + 50CENT CORONAS N WELLS TILL 12AM SO TELL ALL UR FRIEND
I hate Frank Zappa. He inspired a generation of bands that sound like shit.
i haven't heard it but i'll let you know when i do
I don't think I'm going to sleep tonight, I'll just wait for the car ride
At the mall :D
Theirs A god!
so...figured we should get on here finally...to tweet or not to tweet...hm
Who would win in a fight: John Donne or Geoffrey Chaucer?
"'Why do you look for the living among the dead? He is not here; he has risen!'" -Luke 24:5-6
Going home and finding out my mom ordered chinese food >
If it wasn't for my shyness, I could of accomplished so much shit.
just text me
Horns win! Horns win!
I'm your first follower!!(:
I'm pretty sure it's 1994 in my car this afternoon
I'm sorry for the mistakes that I made ... But now it's too late :/
ITS GOOD HUN...YOU KNOW WE HAD SOME WORDS WITH JUNIOR OLD BITCH LOL I WAS FENA TAP DAT ASS
morning water bike exercise classes have begun. email or call 562-546-2493 for more info!
Try creaclip.com for cutting your own bangs and layers. Then let me know; too scared to try it myself. But you are brave!
lmao me too preston.
That's just what parents think they gotta say so they feel like they're doin their job... the iPhone is Awesome! :)
Round 1 French elections are over. No huge surprises, except #Sarkozy only lost to #Hollande by a few points. Sadly, crazy #LePen 3rd w 20%!
thx...just tuned in MT : not an athlete (surprise!) but the on women & running is fascinating. Watch now on
:-( RT : Damn they bout to shoot us out the gym!
i need to make some money!
you'd need a sidekick like Lauer. I volunteer!
I gotta take it on the other side
lol how was archie
Blue pill shit.
is that right! I'm not tripping!
Thanks so much for the RT!
Umm i dont think so, but Im evan and my bands name is In audika! :]
#Brewers were 12-12 at this point last year, 14-20 on May 8, and went on to set the franchise record for wins.
Which hip hop show was better: Rap City or Yo! MTV Raps?
in eight hours
let me know! I have a great hookup here intown!
Are you around for Easter? I still have a bobblehead for you, but you never answer me...
do I care ?
Ooohkay! I know what I want for my birthday- the winning lottery ticket for tonight's Mega Millions. Not too much to ask, right? lol
Wish I could watch the 3rd set of the Del Potro VS Istomin #tennis match but it's time to get some sleep.
I just love how my dsl consistently goes down for three hours every time it rains.
“: I cried when J.cole came on stage. like I'm not even gonna lie about it” lol that's cute
RT - How in the world do the Cleveland Indians still have that logo/mascot? What year is it?
What's POPPIN just fucking wit sum music tonite
I think I just set the land speed record on Roman Deli consumption at
Unfortunately the GS data is not normalized to article volume (I believe). Uncertain if/how that wld change things.
Can't wait 2 c who our San Diego Chargers select in the Draft tonight!
TGIF! (Trees Grow In Forests!)
Got 1 and a half out of 20 on my math hw cuz I didn't show my work even though I got them al right.. its kin mental math. k off
Ombrophobia- Fear of rain or of being rained on
What game is it?
Thanks to for a great event this AM. Great time had by all.
Ive got some Unfollowing to do
how many girls will it be? When in September exactly?
afrodet is there also! go find her and instagram!
Oh Well maybe im better off Single?
So tired !
I just want to put up a sign that says "gone fishin" and get the heck outta here
I miss you! When are you leaving?
listening now. thank u! btw, gathering at ur house w/ me!, stephanie!,+ devri! asap. looking forward to it, tell me when!
No motivation to work on my research project....
I was trying to follow people that love art so I wrote Art Lover, behold it took me to a Twitter from Toronto where I went to school!, wow!
Looking to engage your Twitter followers? Ask them a question. This is a great way to get the conversation going!
I don't know if the paper was accepted? :-)
like sauce on these ribs n hot link sammiches?
RT #np Natalie - "Goin Crazy" love this song! --> Follow
Those moments when you're scared of what someones going to say.
I absolutely hate UK...congrats on your national title...for now...
I CANNOT stand the freakin RAs that take their job so seriously. A 24hr quiet hour all week starting on a Friday night?! Good fuckin call...
Ok so every class I catch this boy looking at me! And it's so awkward! So today he smiles at me! *slowly turns head* <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Tickets into the US Men's Soccer vs Scotland, May 26th @ Everbank Field, comin' up @ 4:20p!
Yayyy weekend. Ready to reunite with my Kentucky gentlemen.
We're in the new April issue! Featuring Gotye, Lights, Vinyl Pinups, Dave Barns & more! Retweet! +VP
Arguing with Lindita about who loves more!<3 but now she realizes that I love him more...! haha!(:#bieberfever!
imma be there
you better win! Haha
Boys/Girls are like stars, there are millions of them out there, but only one can make your dreams come true.
staying up 3 hours to do current events
Under the Bridge by RHCP never dissapoints
S/o to my new follower yall follow her
Every day is a big day...because it's your only day.
I need a partner for this week, I play at 8, you available?
Toasty Asps
you know was up.. You not ready for them kinda problems..
Welcome back to campus everyone! Hope you are excited about the Super Bowl!
have data available on independent pharmacies?
Join and tonight at 7PM for #Caps vs #Flyers and #MarchMadness! $5 apps n Happy Hour prices!
Hi there! Thanks so much for the follow - hope you're enjoying the newsletter. =)
Thanks for sharing and all of your support. We always appreciate it! :)
watching study for finals brightens my day.
Jeremy Kyle said "he don't know whats ghetto means' lmmfao#DRIVE BY NORTH OMAHA YOU'LL KNOW
Thanks for letting us destroy your campus… and put it back together. :)
iBet Officially Forgot 'Bout Me . && Missed Out On All The DRAMA O.o
Just got some real serious news from my best friend...I will stand by her through it all :)
Thank god, Lindsay Lohan changed her hair back to red. Now if only she could change her face back.
hey whats up
It isn't a series until someone wins on the road. Congrats to Coyotes fans! Gotta show up un Nashville.
hey there! When is the next Encounter?
I bought #TexasThunderSoul1968-1974 CD from a few years ago after hearing their story and music on
"It took 5 pics to see all of her."
We want to thank all you artists out there for creating what you do. You art is shaping the world of tomorrow. Make it awesome.
haha you're just funny. Do you have a youtube?
It's hard to beat last years location but there is a new "scratch n sniff" hole this year that is worth the price of admission.
#RedSox met with Crawford and Werth...Curious to see which of these guys they go after hard
go on skype ill send it to you on there :)
Young Homie on the radio again? Blasting it.
omg, David Byrne. You made my night.
Aj bombers is a joke. Five open tables so people drink more.....smart but you lost my business.
Wait, Barkley says Sixers can't beat the Boston 4 times? They should have a 2-0 lead coming back to Philly.
Hey Gang, I have one additional ticket available, front and center, to tomorrow. It's yours at face value. Get at me.
"Why am I so hungover?" "Because you've been drinking for 2 days straight." "No, its been like a day total."
All my friends that are music lovers...follow
hey Brian i no we've never talked but i really need help with something
Poor Little Pancake
on cmd it's giving me the ipv4, ipv6, subnet mask and default gateway ip addresses
Chillin, but Swagg on full attack
yea but before u said tht I thought thts y u wanted to talk to me in the first place
#FamousLies - "That was my last piece."
I give myself, sometimes, admirable advice, but I am incapable of taking it.
Hugh Douglas says the Colts desperately need a safety, and need could be addressed in this draft.
:( Can we keep your webcam if we're ustreaming? :P
Addicted to damages
Congrats to & 'm currently singing Lady In Red in my head to Kelly right now.
Tweaking my new site for me and other things.
Yes! RT : Hey The Sheila Divine is now on Twitter too. Friend us
i suppose delanie this is olive and olive this is delanie meet eachother delanie has been my friend for years now
Take a chance All life is a chance. The man who goes furthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. Dale Carnegie
Any graphic designer out there? I need some work done asap!
Just came from first volunteer meeting for gathering starting tomorrow! Lots of really nice people. This should be good!
I'm over this shit ! <U+E402>
it's amazing
thx for the follow rec...i appreciate it!
RT - I want a beautiful woman to feed me some grapes. Shes has to have on a Miami dolphins jersey tho. That's what ...
great night hanging with the crew in hollywood.
Was I deinvited?
we will be having dinner at #Proof this evening! Looking forward to it! Thanks for the recommendation!! Great #bourbon list!
thanks the solution. I may use yr suggestion for something else I'm doing. For this req, I think I have a simpler solution.
postcards are still an effective way of letting someone know they aren't alone in the universe.
Taking it back to the roots tonight at foothill lounge with Dj Paul X in the mix
who's your pick?
To the number one girl to make her go crazy I need you to dance with me baby...
#proudtobeapennstater is rasing money for sex abuse victims.
So, we're auditioning @ PNC Park today to play the #NationalAnthem at a #Pirates game. Should be interesting, since we didn't rehearse it
#BreakingTrivia! Attorney/Radio Host ShenaDixonMason also claims what among her impressive accomplishments?
morning and happy Friday!!!!
City & Colour, amazing artist
Today feels like its going to be a long ass day -.-
I hope you enjoyed the WSJ video! Thanks for the follow.
Good morning!!! :D
: gracias for the b-day wishes, mrs. banana!
RT : ...So all of us who have had that veil removed can see and reflect the glory of the Lord.... - 2 Corinthians 3:17-18 nlt
Thank you to all the fans that came out and supported us last night!
My mother always called me an ugly weed, so I never was aware of anything until I was older
Let them think it lol RT : lol def not but ppl think we're weird ;)
Thanks for following me! Tune in to The Savvy Money Show every week on iTunes & www.Blogtalkradio.com
have you read the cancer one yet
coming from the kid that has freckles all over his face and twice as many pimples....
Vancouver Sun Run 2012 - Natural muscle pain relief | Wildflowers ...
I like being a nerd with you(:
i have to win the degrassi season 11 dvd, i will do anything <3
yeah - what am I, chopped liver?
Dammit! Stupidly started book 2 last night and stayed up much later than I should have.
Thai is perfectly fine with me.
Guess it's a good problem to have when you need to go in the office late Sunday afternoon. #printinglotsoftshirts thanks to
love it! Hope all goes well!
And can be in 2nd by the time the bye is over
I'm thinking iceskating!
if it's MLA that you're registering for, you win...coming to my presentation on teen programming??
I know everyone is very disappointed I'm not at Kokomo, feel free to keep me updated though <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0081>
Every time I see Kiely Williams now, all I can think of is "The sex was spectacular."
flick of the wrist
We got practice in a bit, who wants to join us?
Teens are either drunk, stoned, texting, having sex, or aslee
haha I have no idea xD
but happy early birthday to my favorite west coast twins :)
tiger woods for bones again later?
Dayuum. Austin is such a fatty ;p
wondering if there is anything like blacklight for django
I'm remaking the Twitterverse! Today is FOLLOW THURSDAY! follow and ME to learn about how #smartenergypays!
Yes I Love you<U+2665>
Long but awesome day in Gainesville at Shands-UF Orthopedic Hand Therapy! Splint making skills were on point.. [Shanna Tolbert, OTR/L, CHT?]
We have an app for that! #SalesTouch Mobile offers cross-platform iOs/Android tablet interactive sales presentations; see us !
RT : Great presentation underway from on the #vBrownBag ! <<-Excellent visuals of security models for virtualization
Pedestrian Safety Event today beginning at Craig Road and Ferrel Street this morning.
It's packed over here at the museum. Nothing like free days.
Doin Work Tonight!!
Any favorites from this last visit? You picked a good weekend to be in the city.
Follow They made this tweetup possible for us!
He must have been quoting Han Solo, right? (All you political people made this joke 24 hours ago, right?)
RT if you love your Granada Hills , CA fans!! We ALL<3you and the !! With all of our hearts!! Literally!
Had an amazing time Thurs might. Incredible food, beautiful space and amazing service.
damn why you gotta be so far away?
Just submitted a post on the article. Misleading to say cohabitation is the problem.
excuse me fuck off
Got my middle finger up, I don't really give a f**k
The water main is now fixed and things are getting back to normal...How boring.
The last flight of the Discovery bonded people, interrupted meetings and literally stopped traffic in DC region - where were you?
WATS GOOD ERBODY AINT BEEN ON N A MIN SO HIT ME UP N LET ME KNO SUMTHN
RT : Check out intern's tips on traveling w/ #diabetes - one of today's top stories on The Travel Gazette <U+25B8>...
I'm a Genuinely funny guy. No one will change that.
13 other states (including TX, NE & KS) have passed similar legislation w/o experiencing increases in immigration
girl put the tv on! The housewives reunion coming on
see on Saturday if you are still there
RT : Contracted an extension of The Realtors w/
RT just in case you LOVE not for his foundation, not for his performance on series...just because of him. :)
This November FIRE your Internet Provider and make the switch to 4G WiMAX provided by Clear. Plans start @ $25/month. NO CONTRACT REQUIRED!
MT "how much #wash #monitoring information is enough? Too much?" Have been asking the same thing.
I think it was just a #24 hour sickness...
just antibiotics and 3 days rest, sounds ok, but after one day I am bored....I have one antibiotics that cost almost $70
NTS: don't start work week with an 8:45 committee meeting. BLECH!
Still having a hard time buying the Braun herpes excuse.
Up to 30,000 children in OH's 11th w/ preexisting health conditions can no longer be denied coverage b/c of health care reform
About to play first tournament at commerce casino.
since when do you have a roommate?
WTF? Why are you always commenting on my stuff lol(:
lol middle school memories
Thanks for the mention!!
Hello friends ( in my Nancy grace voice)
I don't fuck with religion, see that's my decision
Cop turned on their sirens bc i was jaywalking. Obviously they've never walked in DC before.
iPad smart cover
if only you were artsy! I heard you flunked #fingerprinting in preschool
RT : Lot of tweets about my appearance tomorrow. See you in the morning
time for some soul searching...if i happen to find my abs along the way then that's just a bonus.
awful = not positive lol
Only come check us out this weekend it's going to be a epic night!
A new day, a new sun rise, a new blessing.
Check out the tea aisle at Mariano's. They have a similar loose tea offering like Teavana!
good morning :) are you gonna watch the super bowl today?
he died
May your blessings outnumber The shamrocks that grow, And may trouble avoid you Wherever you go. ~ Irish blessing
Rivera Injury=Seau Death, in terms of coverage and emotion seems like
feel the same way if/after Israel makes an action?
Are there any contests coming up to see the American Idols Live concert in Chicago?? I want to go soo bad!
Reyes spox tells me "we're going to win this one," should have statement on ad soon
" RT : Wishing you all good things this weekend!"//You too, Maggie!
how's that yard?
I'm so happy I don't have the alebra I eoc today. But somehow I'm still stuck in a boring, quiet room doing math.
"I don't wanna see you happier with somebody else."
It is, thank you! Miss you too, Rog. How about that Bernard getting engaged?
ok sounds good have a good day at work
Referral Key is a neat place for small businesses and professionals. Become my colleague
Can we get Perkins to wear a Batman mask? It could work as a promotional item for the upcoming movie...
We have tons of listings in Boston and Dedham, let us know if we can help!
Glad to hear you're having a positive experience with them! May I ask how your experience was in the business?
my head is freakin killing me!!!
Next to last Desire 2011 Meet-N-Greet chat starting on Yahoo now. Message me if you need in!
Drake's songs will never get old.
The Avengers is coming out this week! Who is your favorite avenger?
We were 3 of 2000 at the Lost TV Show Finale Party at the Orpheum Theater last night. Good fun and Michael Emerson (Ben) was a guest.
I'm in CT too! It's about time we got snow!
AC bars are the best! Watching Cheaters the television show while bombed off my ass. Fuck the Mets, fyi.
hahahahaha...laugh it up you two
Results for Friday is follow day!
Just switched my mail client to Opera. Took a while to get settings juuuuussssst right, but it's really a nice cross-platform solution.
Wondering....how often are signs changed in the big leagues?
when i asked how you were, 'fucked' was not the answer i was expecting.
Chill. They just scored 79 points. That's embarrassing. And what do you care? LeBron is your favorite player anyway.
How about that Tribe?
i can watch the lip sync for your life competition on all day, everyday.
Bitch look like she tear him to shreds
if you build it they will come!
loved ur pk on Sundays game good luck today .
lol! Ugh - that's what I get for having an AKA as a bestie. Xo!
think you already did what.. because I haven't accused you of shit. so.. what did you do?
#SuperBowl What a hit. Giants have been stopped the last two days. Nicks coming right back though. He is a gamer.
thanks for participating tonite!
going to bed. shutting all of my stuff off for tomorrow. 38 assignments to & going to do them.
TAROT TODAY with Tracy! 2-5 rain or shine. Each reading lasts from 10-20 minutes. Get a delicious hot chocolate while you wait! ;
Close contest! S/O to !
RT : our inner work connects us to our personal magnificence.
Yeah right
aw man I'm losing my LA cred. I thought that was Barnsdall outside the museum.
Thank you. True class!
Happy birthday bro, text me your number I just had to replacemy phone, also have a b-day package coming your way this week
Michelle Obama "keep fighting the good fight"... dang she stole my favorite charge to the blue team. No turning back!
Niggas Ridin Round In Mustangs Around Here . >>>
yeah dude it gets better
Happy Halloween everyone! Trick and treat tonight, then come and work it off tomorrow! Watch for new classes, new announcements--soon!
The homeless is still homeless, the poor is still poor, yet we find millions of dollars to fund senseless wars
naw that's some other black kid.......and you just a punk
Almost There.
RT : Today is the 10th anniversary of Allen Iverson's "we talkin' about practice, man" press conference.
Watching Doug Benson's Super High Me on G4 right now. Still interesting to a "non-enthusiast" ...
My bro says The Santigold is OJ, lemon & lime juice, orgeat syrup, soda water, & mint sprig. Ask for it by name!
Speechless- good or bad?
you know we're here for you when you're not feeling right never forget that Austin Everything happens for a reason we love you
Stefanie Arias's Magic 8 Ball never lies: "Are the odds in Dianna's favor?" "Without a doubt."
last exam of the year! can't wait to get back to other activities that studying has been preventing...showering, starting revolutions, etc.
How'd so many of y'all find time to retweet me this mornin'? Lawd knows you ain't bein productive!
“: Everyday I love watching Maury with my mom and dad #best !”ooh my word!
At the end of the 1st quarter, the lead the Blast 3-0. Stay tuned! Go Blast!
On the doorstep
Omg I love him as much as I hate Randy's blazers. He better make the finals.
Sure! It's a great giveaway, I will be very jealous of the winner! haha ;)
Thanks for following.
We LOVE parade!
I SMELL LIKE DONUTS
Grammar is important! Capitalization is the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse and helping your Uncle jack off a horse
same here cat feces
Sara Blakely CEO of Spanx turned $5,000 and a great idea into a billion dollar underwear business. Initiative can take you a long way.
Having great day soo far:)<U+E022><U+E328><U+E327>
now see we ain't playin that which ya ratchet swaqq
I've been getting the same messages! I just ignore them.
We now have $235 out of $600 to help Saraswathi go to college! We're making great progress - thank you much for your generosity & support!
#Election2012 Obama loves gays, Romney beat up a gay, Obama pushed a girl. Lmao what will tomorrow bring?
Schwartz can dish it out with fist pumps and swearing to players and officials, but can't take it
very glamorous!
Panera- consistently yummy
The big thieves hang the little ones.-Proverb
my wife's birthday dinner is tomorrow since you're in Vegas you are more than welcome to come she loves you (me too).
Longest day today.. REALLY LONG day tomorrow.. Getting shit done
We have our favorites. What's your favorite place to satisfy your cupcake cravings?
kid what the Fuck are you always talkin about? Online poker?
awe why thank you!! :)
That text from Brandon>>>>> <U+30C4>
wow but i g2g love you night
Congratulations! You are in for the best years of your life a roller coaster of fun, scary and absolutely wonderful!
Asti, dons, pool time, pubcrawler, white party, crawfish, snobeach...not too shabby
Whenever I have an awful cold I think of Miss Adelaide from Guys and Dolls.
#Obama "hastily" schedules an interview to discuss same-sex #marriage. Portions will be released today. What do you think he'll say?
New nail polish >>>
After every injury, Collingsworth says, "Well that changes every thing"
lol okay! imma check and make it fair x
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes!!!
That's as funny as the story I'm reporting tonight on NBC DC. A couple gets married in IKEA, where they met.
Great read. Really enjoyed it. Nicely done.
Hold tight; we haven't forgotten about the #reverb11 September prompt. Big things ahead...stay tuned!
#Tired #GoodNight #Offline <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
": #IfYouKnowMeYouKnow I <3 Big booty bitches"
Seriously, if you can make it, stop by - we can't wait to show it off, and it's almost ready to reopen!!!
reality + my dreams = me caught deep in my own head.
Awe thanks, that means so much coming from such a talented artist. Well, keep your eyes peeled we've got more coming!
move around my dude. Privilege ? Spell sum shit right then say sum to me
reports Huntsman to bow out of race! , say it ain't so! A major SC newspaper was set to endorse him. Think he's going for VP?
My first tweet and I already feel cooler. Now for some sleep after the madness that was Madison. it was awesome, but I need some water. Now.
Ugh. No phone again. Gonna make some new choreo tonight.
you a cutie...
Guess who just booked their first audition out of school? This girl! Thanks to and ! :)
I wish I could comee
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get back UP!!
My Waterloo: dependable child care. Can't wait until my children can babysit themselves.
I literally laughed out loud
It's definitely because you're hot ;D
FF# They Bring the Funny!
yes please
Headed to the Love the sunday mornings of life.
Hey girl. What is up? Summer Is almost over. Football time.
Idiot - Anyone driving slower than you.
The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to
A2: Top of the Hub in Boston b/c it has spectacular views!
just woke up , so #relieved ;P
already went to the store and got what said! will try that next time!
God didn't create man for a life of misery but when we make improper choices we can create a life of misery for ourselves...
Thanks very much for the link & info, Tabby:) Posted couple mins ago:)
I think life should be more like video games where you can keep getting new lives until you figure out how to win.
Dam its being a wild day rip to da candler rd flea market
Winter getting you down? Weed on every corner.
thinking of the migrant farm worker, toiling to put food on my table, demonized as illegal for doing the holiest of works,
#StevenTyler would not be going to Hollywood if that had been an #AmericanIdol audition.
Hey sis!!! All is well with u I know. Miss n love you much. When r u back in the states?
MT : My car is at Family Auto to get work done. It has been in the shop more than not lately. Time for a new car? //DON'T BUY ONE!
have been reading great things about Wild. Will you be coming to Los Angeles or San Diego to promote it?
We slandering Heat Fans right now lol RT : #HeatExcuses RT : Where all the L.A fans
I love the movie The Burbs, it reminds me of me and my neighbors towards out other neighbors hahah #ifyouknowmeyouknow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Why do Latin Americans always have to segregate themselves from the rest of the world. We all love 1D too. Geez.
rockin' some wings tonight. garlic and parmesan? yes please...
Wow, a friend just sent pictures from Hawaii. Ah, wish I was there and not working today. :)
awesome! You ladies have a great lunch wishing I could be there!
I disliked him before it was cool.
Happy Mother's day to all the beautiful and kind mothers of the world :) Even sometimes we don't tell you that, WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH. x
Damn, sorry I'm just seeing this. Actually just got back to Tampa. How are things?
I took at peek when I got up to pee last night. Sadly I saw nothing. And sadly I said too much when I said "got up to pee"
commercials are to funny<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Parent poll: are violent video games for boys the counterpart to disempowering princess movies for girls? cc:
“: Looking toward to a day of observing classes. --> great to work with more Ohio teachers!
It's a problem. California Retirement System has 71% of the assets needed to cover costs for its 852,000 members Shortfall is $56B
Now, why couldn't the Reds do that to the Tards earlier? :(
(1/2) The Blue Chip winners (in no particular order):
people act like he can rap
Uugghh i never get to like really relax
Let them HOE's talk how much they want.. I don't give a Sh!t! All I do is laugh about you!
I made the team!! :) im so proud of everyone who tried out :) its gonna be a good year
I dont see how that will help lol but I did for the hell of it
This Dude Ugly Af
(1/2) I have Sente, still learning to use it, actually working on integrating it with my Devonthink & Scrivener workflow right now!
yeah yeah they do!!! The go MOO! and cats go MEOW! and dinosaurs go RAWR!
we love what you are doing for the global community. It's pretty
I am sticking with Tony the Tiger!
stop messing around and come to the pool tonight. K thnx
Get great tickets to Broadway, Off-Broadway, attractions and tours. Group rates on the TOTAL NEW YORK EXPERIENCE. www.AllTicketsInc.com.
First at #MTMDC and now at #socialmediaproblems? Looks like great minds tweet alike :-)
Nap Time!
Johnny and Camilla won
Friday fun! Shaken not Stirred martini auction and cocktail benefit 4 the ABQ Museum! Party starts @ 7pm, w/ live jazz by The Arencón Trio!
A daughter may outgrow your lap, but she will never outgrow your heart.
Work out, clean-up, fill out job applications. Did I happen to mention 30 days until graduation?
Dinner & A Movie!
I love you<3
hhaha! I need a name tag that says "magician". I'm glad you enjoyed them!!!
i think should follow me (: lol.
If I use your bathroom, I'm going to reverse your toilet paper roll.
"Hey Dog walkers,My Loofah Cookie "Dr's SoapScription" is absolutely WONDERFUL and helpful for the bottom of your dogs pads of thier feet
the smashing pumpkins are an awesome thing.
There is equal joy in watching Eldrick play great as well as terrible. Such a good guy either way.
"I'm really Rosie/And I'm Rosie, real/You'd better believe me/I'm a great big deal."
Especially those of us born in the mid-1900's.
Opposite feeling from Gm 1. #Celtics playing great but only up by 4 -- #Sixers lurking despite only shooting 35% to Boston's 50%
especially when youre about to "experiment"
#20ThingsAboutMe I have a boyfirend , & he means the world to me . <3'
You took it to Beth. Your brought the fight to her.:)!!!!woowhooooo
Only if you dont like the goofy hair they made Hanks wear during the film...
Never regret what you did, regret what you didn't do.
They shoulda scored on that play...
Do it for the children. And the rest of humanity.
- exactly. that's why it's important to look at sites that are claiming objectivity with a microscope. they can be most dangerous
Idk what's wrong with me right now omg
phone died . i have my moms phone .
Yeah , try being more like me! Sure your grades will suffer & you might have to pay a few fines, but I have fun!
Even when you're by my side I still need time to feel the company
Sounds interesting! What exactly happens at these meetings?
Biased, but have 's staff in top three. Especially with the ascent of Matt Moore.
Its cold out :P brrrrrrr :/
Tennis time
thank you Wendy for your work with Dianne on the video. Can't wait!
WE LOVE MUUUFFFFFIIIIIINNNNSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Oh my. I got you addicted
hell yeeee bro
July must be our month off....
really pissed off. <U+E411>
How sick is it to have the 2 greatest players in the world right now playing for your hockey club in the #NHLPlayoffs?
Yes, it's free for all, but RT's will grant you VIP access to Tom. Meaning, Yes, he will let you touch him for the low cost of 25 cents.
tell mhe yhur drunk and true sober the naked truth strip poker
182 days to come forward. If no one claims, then the money goes back to the states, in proportion to sales. (1/2)
This breeze that's coming through my window feels so bomb
Love you on Community. Did you know your doppelgänger is on "Mad Men"? It's on a cable channel. You look amazingly similar.
Say ahh yeah... We havin a party up in here fo sho...
The only show I DVR except for Yo Gabba Gabba for the kids. True story.
WELL MY TRACK SEASON JUST ENDED AND I HAVE LIKE MAJOR TESTS COMING UP
Coming up with a cure for cancer.
Hope Ohio wins! Can't stand Syracuse ever silence they put out Wisconsin!
I'd hug you all day if you'd let me.
lmfao thanx! :) I shall follow u back now lol
True. It's nice to have someone around for accountability.
When people believe in themselves they have the first secret of success. ~Norman Vincent Peale
Me and are getting involved tonight. FT. LEE BOND BITCHES
How did I end up on the backpage of ? Sneaky, sneaky coworkers.
Lol everyone said looks like I got out of bed haha(: Then some random girl messed with my hair >.> lol
I love how he treats me like fucking shit after we have sex. #NeverFails. He pisses me off so much. <3Rainbows<3P.L.U.R.<3
I'm only on page 50 of life of pi. Bye I'll be dead tomorrow.
like the "quiet confidence" concept at the end. Thanks for sharing.
i meant on my ass not past sorry Im watching dancing with the stars.lol
Thank you guys!!! (:
Hi ! R U Ready For The #KCA's 2nite? Is Going To Win! #GoodLuck :*
RX Power Hour - 12/9 - Marshall White & Alan Colley: Pro Strongman Marshall White joins Nathan and Ryan! Plus: Fresh off his Te...
Theater rave!- Electric Daisy Carnival Experience Movie - Makes me want to dress up and dance all night!
Hope every Fan out there is having a great week!
haha yes! something like "TheRealFiasco" or "firescore"... but therefore is pretty sick too
most def! Those are fun break from "real" golf.
": that was a heat joke you fools... no one cares about hockey.." what sport does heat play?
"Sounds like the radio!" to quote Kenny Dread; the new mixes that is! "I mean like when the radio used to sound good! FM stereo!"
What? Yum!
I saw The Town today...good movie
I've been trying to pull at your heart strings but clear you don't have any.
It's cold under the bridge. But I love my homeless friends! :)
nicely done!
Oo I got on heels I hope I dnt bust my ass
.....idk if I should laugh, be shocked or if I should be scared to ride with you two tomorrow...
Cabin In The Woods tonigght
Pinot Evil. clever AND delicious.
I don't need permission for the things I do. I do what I want, when I want
No, I work in Wilsonville, live in Johns Landing, SW Ptld. Ha, only have the pleasure of making that commute 5 days a week.
I want to thank my cousin for the concern and help I really appreciate it and things get better as u said
Question mark is how many innings they'll ultimately let him pitch. Because of surgery, could be yanked come playoffs.
+ when can we see you and Marcia? 142nd street reunion?
thanks love!!
your the hottest on
Whats the best service to go with starting a new podcast?
The delightful needs to realize that his policies would leave MILLIONS of orphans without families.
the Bulls may still be the better team but they are only 7-5 against playoff teams without Rose. 18-9 overall
Is your company looking for a great #edtech conference to deploy your products? 2012.
How about Black Friday AND Saturday!? We'll be offering double rebates on select , no-interest financing, etc. Call for details!
Well, I probably just made one of the worst decisions of my life.
If I get someone in that price range, I'll def try to bring 'em by, but I don't have anyone right now :-(
“: #Scorpio can't stand people who ask for help yet never bother to help themselves first.” MAJOR PET PEEVE
Migraine.........please go away!
You'll find better days when you leave the bitter days behind.
I am too busy tweeting to read the on TV tweets. Well done to your brother
well.. Deliver some to me! (:
Took care of my lab practicum LIKE A BOSS!
Is it cool for a man in his 40's to hang with 20 year old girls? Is anything wrong with that picture? What if he known them since 16?
I find the whole assembly line efficiency people try to achieve in airport security lines to be real annoying. Folks commodifying themselves
Sisters Denise Morrison & Maggie Wilderotter - "take a strategic approach to your career".
In recognition of the hard work of our customers and partners, we at HubSpot recently held our first annual user group
thanks ! I will read maidique in more detail tomorrow. i have a hunch that the valuing of intuition varies by field but who knows?
"There's always gonna be someone pretier than you or skinnier than you, but funny doesnt sag" -Reese Witherspoon
Had the landlord over last night telling me our garden is a mess. What can I do if the plants grow so fast.
will you be getting anymore items in for the World Championship?
Trying to set up a really cool story I love my job
Watch out, I don't know what I'm talking about in the next couple of tweets possibly.
totally agree. That keeps things fresh. :-D
Happy to be in such gr8 company! RT : Fab writers
Bringing home your 2 biggest textbooks, and only having a little bit of homework out of them <<<
The show will be back on and Season 2 is currently filming! Thanks for being a fan, Cindy!
Need to go to bed, but I'm not sleepy....UGH
I have no willpower to get out of bed for work today.
WE GOTTA KEEP THE PRESSURE ON! WE CAN DO THIS!
Only in love are unity and duality not in conflict.
Wanna stop being ignorant? Kthx.
Thanks you so much!
Thanks! Just suffering from Tweeter's block lately.
My WI teaching licenses arrived! Broad field social studies AND history. Don't know about that last one. Now, if only schools were hiring...
The feeling of waking up on a Saturday with no responsibilities like school or work for the day! >
I'm gonna start preparing for the zombie apocalypse.
I'm into disorganized religion.
RT So true, I see lots of students get over-involved and lose sight that its the exprs that count not how much
Which brings me to my next thought....that Im going to share, obviously
Kickin back in my snuggie watching Goofy Movie. "Stand out among the crowd, even if I have to shout out loud!" y'all know it!!
Got to see a little at PAX yesterday, didbt know where to start. Got Jonathan Coulton's autograph... Pretty awesome first day....
What kind of testing will you need?
hanco's is the best
hope it gets resolved so u can watch it!
Research has shown that exercise can help prevent heart disease, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, type 2 diabetes, arthritis, and more
RT : So excited about in Green Bay this summer! Ready to pump up DH curricula!
Have you taken a mental health day recently? I have!!!
The #BFDailyWord is - atavism (noun) (AT-uh-viz-um) - recurrence of or reversion to a past style, manner, outlook, approach, or activity
My husband just sent me an email to the same effect. I might have too.
Hello? Is this thing on?
uhm who r u
Congratulations to on a fantastic Conference in Las Vegas for the debut of their new ad agency software, blu!
Breaking up is hard, to move along is even harder.
I don't go there anymore dork!
RT Can't eat to much though , on a diet and need to do exercise , bad thing about being a model
but of course!
This is when I miss being a coach. The strategy is key here
#smh at ppl who go shit in the bathroom but try to conceal that shit. It's not a secret so let it out
#altacadvice Make sure to discuss w/ enthusiasm *every* aspect of the job desc. in your letter/CV. Re-using wording from desc. is a-ok!
On NHL LIve Wednesday, Smith: "I think Washington's gonna win tonight [G6]. I don't really want them to. Game 7's going to the Rangers."
Hows the flight?
Sinatra & Pasta 5 to 9 & LIVE Music by Dead Poets! Live Music by Brian Parr & apps starting @ $6! WOMHouse.com!
hit me back
Let's go rangers. I don't want to have to shave tonight.
I asked the webinar panel if a sports collection had ever been funded. The answer was no. , it's time to get started!
great photos, your gorgeous as ever!
Michael says he can't sleep so you give him propofol? A simple joint a night would have done the trick...#ChildPlease lost a legend
“: Word. RT : "Meetings are a symptom of bad organization. The fewer meetings the better." ~Peter Drucker
Where would the #Bears be without , he's a top 5 RB
o i didn't know you were in the facebook group, you haven't talked yet. Are you getting notifications about it?
Thanks! Anybody on your team interested? DM #ScottTheMerchGuy if yes :)
Texans with the Sack!
MERRY CHRISTMAS <U+2665>
Tweet if you have a response other than one-liners on Crusades2.0 Administration
yes, it does. I hope you and yours are staying strong.
Throwing pennies away doesnt make any cents
where? , what time? How long?
#RUwriting The usual all-night Friday writing jam. Got a chapter done on O4S series. I won't mention whether it was consecutive.
when? I'm out a lot this month on wknds
Indeed; you captured it exactly...no one really knows.
OK, know nothing about #Linux. Got a netbook w/ Ubuntu that needs some updating. Good source for info that a moron could understand?
Going for my dress fitting for the ! So excited to get my costume and mask! Saturday night will be one to never forget!
im finna resend it i made dem changes last night
Twitter!!!:D
Im so confused! I promised my friend that i wouldnt tell anyone what she told me. But this could get her pregnant! What do i do?
As much as we need a prosperous economy, we also need a prosperity of kindness and decency. -Caroline Kennedy Schlossburg
The 2011-12 Lynchburg College Athletic Awards Banquet will be shown via webcast tonight, beginning about 7:45. Check back for the link.
"Nothing great is ever achieved without much enduring." - St. Catherine of Siena
Can we throw them as we walk down the aisle? RT : Jeweled daggers-more ladylike! RT sword-laden bouquet!
are looking for some hot SxSw parties to play in 2012
I'd like to wish everyone a safe, happy, & prosperous new year!
Talked with parents on the terrace tonight who were so excited to have their children here at UW. Great night to enjoy great place!
Lmao u gotta be a ninja in that thing bro
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
using follett destiny? Review feature is good plus can add stars
pls be proud: Nashville, & not completely clueless! Also, new boots from across the street. A good day.
If it was my child I would want justice. GZ falsely assumed TM was a criminal...GZ shot and killed TM.
I'm glad you got to witness a hobo running toward me that almost plowed me to the ground
RT Our journey toward becoming a truly sustainable company has been challenging and fun. bit.ly/pKjU5k
How the hell did ten minutes just pass by like that???
The only thing you should FOLLOW is your dreams. In the words of Steve Jobs, "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."
So...Cuse haters, was that a home game too?
Congratulations! I'm getting ready to launch a new dynamic venture - giving back and empowering.... #entrepreneurship dream!
I just love painting trees
Oh yeah its yours and ales
I'm with you there
Mi nightmare is a 12' tall, crying , dressed as a baby.
Get off the train! No, get back on the train!
i wonder if FLO RIDA is from FLORIDA?
me too..i was begging my mom to fly me to houston :P and i live in chicago(:
So much for that text he promised me
text me! & are you going to her house on Wednesday?! Cos I'm going!
Great commercial with Joan Rivers
Hey! How have you been?Follow back for DM :)
The Cat WEARING the Hat
Journos inserted excessively in debates. Often at center stage & run mouth. Audience noise detracts from debate 2.
Leaving school early <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
History's Heroes: 1/31/1965 Rev. Martin Luther King Rr. and 770 others arrested for protesting against voter discrimination in Alabama.
i just saw this.... its not fun talking to u thru twitter, i am packing bc im going to MN tonight :-) wyd
"I know you cute, but its a lot of cute people running around here doing nothing"-Miss Robbie
eye lid subdued by gravity
this cat I'm holding is a pervert o_0
Thanks to all who came to the Mixer on Tuesday! Great turnout! See you the first Tuesday in December!
Amen! Like, when did that become a rule? If I miss you, I'll call you or shoot you a text. .it's a level of maturity though
Am doing great,thanks :) thanks for the follow
Yay New Directions!!! #Glee :D
Bruh I kinda do wanna see Bron rock his ass though lmao
Major event in the works for April.
RT : Getting ready to go party with in Palm Bay
she was made i was tweeting and on facebook!!!!
2010 PAC Consultant of the Year: URS Corporation. Congrats! Committed to small businesses in the San Diego region!
Maybe if so. I think its pretty stupid.
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: Do not make your video an ad. In other words, get a point across but do it without trying to sell something.
RT Amazing that #CNN ignored the issue of Saul Alinsky for the entire debate.
are you and Zaynster girly girl together?? :)
Sorry about the loss of your grandfather..had recently tweeted you..just read the sad news..be well ..you are loved!
You should have your own Plow & Police Escort!!
lol, i know. Just messing.. just a lil small talk.. how u been
Happy mothers day, birth mother. Wherever you are.
Might? I don't think so...
Good to see you too! And hear your insight about the program!
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYBODY!!!!!!!
Just went for walk. Wind's a pickin up. Saw tree down, along with powerline. Turned n headed rt home. Now organizing my mom's closet. Safer.
When you leave your hair in a bun while its wet so when you take it out its damp and looks greasy<<<<
If You REALLY Desire A Real Relationship & Don't Have One, It Could Be That: "You've Placed 'Relationships' Too Low On Your Priority List"
Working late tonight
Good morning and God bless ...
Signing off right now. Going to write a poem or two that I have in mind before going out to watch the 5pm UP-W Metras. Later Twitterland.
Happy birthday to the best girlfriend in the world. I love you so much <3
This morning My mom said I'm her older son she never had . Lmfao I guess she thinks I'm a boyy ?
Kent county council gives green light to satellite grammar schools: Conservative county council allows existing ..
Says he wear tight jeans in his bio. Haha Swag him out
" #Imagine Zayn & you having sex, & him going 'VAS APNIN?' every two minutes" LLN. THIS. HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHA.
Worse day ever
Hey who want to txt ask the number plezzz I'm board:D
Any stoners in Dallas?
Just woke up!
I wonder if you're stalking me. You know who u are.. Angie!
RT : All I ask 2nite is u let me get on the mic for 10 sec and do a 210 bisexual female roll call, thanks...lol
I'm doing really well, actually. Thanks so much for asking. :) How are you?
1 of our guys is at the Lego event: ": they're all nice but CJ & Teal are above & beyond with the kids” Awesome
S/O to a bad ass ..watch yo mouth Ms. excellent background ma!!!!!!!!
Beach day! I love labor day. Also, I love ikea for all my new cheap furniture.
There is some amazing hula-hooping happening Winter Dance Party! Wow!
The only *fundamental* difference between poor people & rich people is how much $$$ they have. Not "work ethic" or "responsibility"
Never not doing big things!
Catching up with and !!
If your friendships end over petty BS over twitter and fb, they weren't true friendships..
Where there is marriage without love, there will be love without marriage. Benjamin Franklin
"...we have learned... that incoming students and faculty no longer associate 'computing' with any consistent meaning." --memo from provost
... took me days to figure it out.. from the outside it looked like an LED but MBAs don't have optical output. I carefully crushed it out.
I thought you've already had names picked out for years or months!?
What does it say abt #android if a user switches frm #blackberry 2 android & then now is requesting 2 switch back 2 blackberry?!?
yeah i forgot
I'm not letting the Shit you do phase me anymore bro, you the reason I went to jail last year.
Not feeling the best today :(
No matter how toughh, no matter how hard it seem , neva give up, i'ma always chase my dreams . - boosie
Another militant foodie like myself! It's so fundamental.
7 runs? Wow.
Lifestyle brands now lifestyle platforms, e.g. Fab. The promise of long tail distribution and 2 way brand convo has now been fulfilled.
Third Ramone Moore triple of the second half cuts #UMass lead to six. But Jesse Morgan hits a runner and #Temple turns it over. UMass 55-47
“: Ray Allen sucks. #NBA” ~ lmao
Didnt realize how stupid i was till i took the math taks...
Come by Diva SoHo to celebrate our 18th yr anniversary. HAPPENING NOW! Music by special guest DJ and complementary Hors d'oeuvres all night
Yummy. Dream assignment ? A judge in the #kidscookoff Almost time to announce winner!!
That's good because I was about to give you a whole history lesson upon who they are.
you are being very sexy right now
Think one "good feeling" thought today and see where it takes you!
And the winner is...The Solid Sons! They won $500, stage equipment and they are one of 85 bands bands competing to play in London. Congrats.
My boyfriend is amazing <3
Life goes on
Man I aint neva seen a whole bunch of broke stank ass nigga until I touched in duval county lol cryin bout payin a dub to party LAME
they are indeed! thanks :)
Cool. I'll probably wait to see dark shadows. I was just thinking about you.
What is this all about?
Because Jesus is my king and he said I can come.
Got a #PhilLesh signed poster on ebay today... I was on the only bidder! It was a poster on my "want" list too... so excited for tomorrow
Good morning (:
His so not on my good side right now. Im pissed at you I ain't gonna lie.
These kids are dumb as fuck.
What a bad day.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
She'll dance and drink her life away
yup yup!
u mean less than 24? ;o isn't tomorrow the last day? I already voted for you anyways lol
#BeastMode creating a #BeastQuake in Seattle last year and shocking the Saints. #GoSeahawks!
Be close to u
yeah... Old times.
Happy Homecoming to all Vols heading to campus this weekend! Friday's festivities include the Parade w/ Grand Marshall Condredge Holloway!
Asb ball... Cant wait d:
Our volunteers have shown tremendous dedication & support but there's always more to do! Join us & help bring real representation to Irving.
is "studying." LOL okay.
I listen too max b everyday. He's my inspiration when it comes too this rap game..
O NO #jerseydress in the building
nah it's gay
But when you're with your friends it's like I don't exist.
jus giving you a hard time
Mario Chalmers is trending.
With only a couple hours of sleep, I'm off to begin my rainy Sunday!
Finally on the computer, haha, today was good, I got to go to the mall with my best peoples :P lol
No man, or body of men, can dam the stream of language. - James Russell Lowell
Just had a great night filming on the set of
I know. If it wasn't for BOTDF and BVB I wouldn't be around. They've given me that push I've needed for so long.
I want so badly to make a canoe
you were awesome today! So much insight. I learned so much and I'm so happy you joined team !
still have some seats available. We are selling 360 degrees around the stage.
haha I fricken got up at the crack of dawn to pick up my prom dress. I walk in, they tell me to come back at 2!!!?
Out on Point Loma Ocean Beach caravan - lots of great properties today! Maybe I'll find the perfect piece of real estate for you!
my friend alyssa told me to follow you :) and im tell more people b tommorow you will have more followers!
Cry if you need to, but I can't stay to hold you, its the wrong thing to do...
Today in 2006, a military coup in Chad failed when the coup leaders realized that if they won, they'd be in charge of a place called Chad.RT
brilliant. But what if my UI is an iOS app? Screenshot it and then feed the Screenshot in to your app?
Today is NOT the day to be missing tackles...
my boyfriend > yours
There is nothing wrong with eyebrows.
Wow! I can cross "be attributed to hashtag #life_lived_played_well" off my bucket list :) Seriously.Thx & so good to see u!
With Nicolette & Angelica tweeting about going to prom, it makes me want to go, June 8 needs to come faster ! #Prom #Can'tWait
Thnx for text updates very helpful when pwr when out.
where u at? :o
Best mood But high af'! Love gravity bongs!
follow me Sarah!!!
haHa ops sorry wrong person :D well hi
Very well, got a puppy. Have fun in AK, you guys should come visit CA sometime.
When was MB on Basketball Wives if u get it correct I will follow u
Sorry, looking at wrong tweet, one asking "What do you want to be when you grow up?" To your questions: 1) Throughout 2) Yes
Either #Assad or #MuslimBrotherhood controls #Syria. Damned if you do; damned if you don’t. US should not be involved. RT
just get rid of A-Rod. Problem solved! ;-)
There is a "lie" in believe, "over" in lover, "end" in friend, "us" in trust, "ex" in next, and "if" in life.
Back in LA..not that jet lagged..unpacking!!! Got 3 months to stay here!!!
blows at scramble!
sure I'll hit em up soon as he gets on
What r ur ideas for reducing #alcoholabuse in Dane County? Let us know b4 tonight's mtg. Remember to tag your ideas with
Bwa ha ha ha hack cough cough sneeze! RT Soon I will control all of the Claritin in the tri-state area!
what happened?
So what's this snap chat business?
Let's go then
What?-> RT : Me & my fiancé at Blockbuster is one of the longest processes ever. For starters, he doesn't watch Rated R movies.
PUBLIC BROADCASTING | Pledge drive underway Call (800) 723 - 4687 & follow news staff
Its sad when u start to pray for a layoff....
"Falling Down"
Now that sounds fun.
Watching #wkuk funny stuff. Sad it's their last season.
dont think ive heard Courtesy enough times today. God bless America and our troops.
This book looks awesome.
Breaking my hand trying to open a freaking barbecue bottle !!
Cause you're all she's got. She needs someone to talk to. And she obviously misses her other daughter.
1111 delegates and alternates.
Fri we are hosting karaoke night 11041 ables ln. Dallas,tx. 75229 food drink and amateur singing lol
ha i finally found u on here follow bac please:)
Carroll Shelby passed away...an icon. A true American legend.
Hey and are you in town the weekend of October 8 & 9?? is in town and it's high time you meet her!! :)
Getting exited for the show tonight !!! Can't wait to play some new stuff for u lovely ppl
thanks. Will do so!
is blaming it on the quantum flux...
thats what it
thanks. Pablo!
girl, boo, there's a lot of sick things that i wanna do to you
I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you
Happy Mother's Day! What is one word you would use to describe your mom?
Dare I say you're actually the cleanest person at a job for once? Lmao
I just want to go running. :'(
English class is so boring.
Also, SO to the guy who came up to me, said "Nice jersey. Actually, f*** Russell Branyan, I'm a Cubs fan." Then got arrested 10 steps later.
Yes and..not all comedians are conflicted and some artist DO have a business mind!
membership -- best money ever spent.
i'm good too! :D<3
lmao I'm really not seriously ;)
i just went and followed for u so tell justin to follow me!
I have no idea why she doesnt have Sal bussing. We dont need 4 dishwashers. Jakes our meat bitch. Im on crepes with Lamerica.
I'm looking forward to The Future for Investors with Jeremy Siegel at Alumni Weekend 2012
The way #oomf is actin right now <<<
That's so nasty, ewwww.
Why do I wake up nakey all da time? Oh well.
I've only said this once before..but FUCK this year! Too many valleys outweighed the peaks. But I am ready to shake it off and welcome 2012!
you are so sweet.
#Faded "man down" and "IRS Remix" 're fire too!!
I live in Va to :o
I should probably start my essay but instead I'm watching this girl subtweet
thanks for the love Tina!!! hasnt got me on the shot yet!
This week's #TAL has a great story about why development work is such a slow and difficult process. Required listening for the world-curious
Can't wake up! It is certainly #coffee time!
Finished up a great photo shoot with Ten Media in our new office today. Pics coming out tomorrow!
Dear mom, I Am What I Am Today because of you.<U+2665> You never gave up on me even when everyone else did. I Love You.<U+2665>
The whole situation wouldn't have happened if the umpire hadn't completely overreacted.
Ok, this is my new favorite word. . . . just sayin :)
Oh, Boy! See Our Fave Ladies Who Suited Up in 2011 2011 was filled with fashionistas wearing pretty dress after dress. However, the ladie
Hahaha ... Not so sure, my friend.
We need to do another mini-tour some time soon.
sending you love, continued strength and <U+263A>.
The biggest thing on campus
I have no idea what is going on? #prayforjustinbieber i guess.. im so confizzled
Today is Friday is trending. Can't wait for "Tomorrow is Saturday" to show up.
It's been years since I've done Pilates, but I'm gonna go for it right now, wish me luck.
Obviously a penalty. Not sure where the debate is coming from.
Thanks for the mention. The fantastic book it came from is Broken Open by Elizabeth Lesser.
And with increasing chest pains, my body has now decided to break out in a full-out itchy rash. Time to go to the hospital after work.
I guess /: I'm in Advanced Honors so we do so much more!
Can miles truly separate you from friends.... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there? - Richard Bach
My family means everything to me now <3
Imma be up till like 2 or 3 text me
I can tell you would've made a great Masked Rider!
Soft rock covers in Asian restaurants are fantastic! The fugees 'kirring me softry' never sounded better.
yes please!! sometime in the next couple weeks before you are Africa-bound! :)
Over thinking ruins everything.
I didn't? Uh-oh sorry!
Yea I didn't really think he had to either (just trying to be supportive, lol).
Forecasters warn dry conditions could lead to brush fires
I'm ready to leave Red Robin and our waitress is taking her sweet time to bring is our checks.
If anyone asks who played the El Salvadoran National Anthem over radio channel 4 at LSP, it wasn't Or me.
#SomethingThatMakesMeHappy is to drink Dr. Pepper <3
The 16 teams were announced Saturday morning, with four teams going to each of the regional sites
Lots of cool stuff. I already have a good bike. Did u get good stuff?
You dont like what i gotta say??? Idgaf "@" me !
is currently available w/ Public Performance Rights and Digital Site Licenses for schools, libraries, and organizations.
All of it tho??? RT FATabul0us_Lola I hate you with all my heart
hahaha aw thanks :) & i love that name too <3
super!! I'm glad to hear she is recovering well. Golf game wasn't bad for my first day out. :)
I am a definite maybe at this point.
Wow, watching ESPN and still no love for they Bengals! What is it gonna take to get some respect? Child please!!
6 hours of shadow boxing 6 hours of writing 12 hours of work
Ever so welcome! Have a great #follow Friday!
I usually don't play the lotto, but half a billion is my favorite number!
I hate hoopin n da morning I play horrible
It was Ryan fucking Theriot!!! Let him try to hit it.
Beauty isn't about having a pretty face. It's about having a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul..<U+2665>
RT Some people are more hassle than their worth.......>> not you..you're worth your weight in #HASSLE !!
Just got finish mixing 12 tracks in less then 12 hrs..hope i dont blow nobody speakers out
Watched 2006 Hawaii Ironman. Practice cancelled. Time for bed.
I can't get over how beautiful it is right now in Charlotte. Working on Dangerous Race gear & enjoying the breeze flowing though the windows
Do you need more followers, likes, etc? try the site on my profile. It's free promotion . Hey lets follow 4 follow
Sheamus getting booed because of Bryan is priceless.
Just got back from Squaw Valley. That resort is sick! Time to finish the details with the Poker Tourney this Sunday! Everyone should come!!!
Really liked #thinklikeaman last night think I'm following the whole cast on here now lol. looked great.
did ya find zach?
This Saturday @ TomCats West in FT WORTH TX, catch us, , , , & for the comeback show!
Rock bottom just got in sight.
That Ryan Anderson "bitch, please" look at Dwight right now just made my night a teeny bit better. Thanks for that Ry Ry.
that is so cool lmao
Finally finally finally the ref cards
“: Someone from work took my Lean Cuisine from the freezer :( I clearly am not a suspect--the word "lean" is involved.
I'm planning on it. Haven't bought the plane ticket yet, but hopefully will soon.
No matter what, the company of good friends beats EVERYTHING.
I hope he goes all in.
RT : How old am I? I'm so old I recall when Dick Lugar was Nixon's "favorite mayor" & considered right-wing.
Let's dream big! A nice #quote to remember and inspire you~~: All successful people men and women are big dreamers. - Brian Tracy
A review from "umwolverine" on amazon
Sucks how some of us can't friends.
My vote is going for Wyclef Jean to become the new president of Haiti if he can only get The Fugees back together again.
“Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one” - Benjamin Franklin
Curious about the new serial, but didn't see a mention in the editorial. Is this a reprint? How many installments? etc.
When is the huge retirement party? You deserve it!
That is very true. All I know is that there should be better regulations on them so that those who do need it receive it.
Job Opening, We are hiring a Social Media Coordinator Web Content Provider in the Philadelphia Area, anyone interested??...
I swear the random things I find in my room -_-
Some people are just like summer .. NO CLASS. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
with bestiee I love you !(:
Today is one of those turn office light on-off every 10 minutes and put on sweater on-off every 5 minutes day - needs to make up its mind!
I'm visiting Concord in a few weeks...do you have tap room hours during the week??
Come see my art show if you're at the Downtown LA Artwalk tomorrow: Main & 4th,
Acting & Dancing is the only I love to do :D
Sad to see Green Bay women's steak come to an end. What a run!
On the train on my way back downtown again.
If you wait until all the lights are "green" before you leave home, you'll never get started on your trip to the top-- Zig Ziglar
Took my last final next to the alcoholic-stunk so bad
NOM! NOM! did you like it?
I'll make sure they perform for u next time u come down lmao
haha I'm not sure that's really the point :) Hi, by the way! Say hi to the nms-ers for me!
You are what you think. You are what you go for. You are what you do. -Bob Richards
Thank you for a year of early Friday mornings - drinking good coffee and teaching me the gospel.
HAHA my b
yes Sir!!!
The very first Olympic race, held in 776 BC, was won by Corubus, a chef. #odd facts
BUt your not gonna BREAK my SOUL !!!!!
**Correction** #FF !!!! Big supporter of Bluey Robinson AND funniest person ever ;D lol
Wifey bringing home dinner from
Where are people eating dinner? I'm going to try Safe House tonight with Hope I remember the password.
Sigh. Youngest son is having a drama moment over his homework. Again.
Hey! It was awesome to meet you guys yesterday!
Van der Sar: Ferguson will lead United to derby success - CNN
Was immigrated as a child, flung into this culture am only here to converge..
you left me in tears tonight... Castle & Becket, finally...
Are you adding Food Truck Follower to your resume?
Just got home from coachella and already have to get to work, shooting for in a few. tomorrow.
got a couple of compliments...
You the jelly man
American fathers are spending more than twice the time with their children than they were. Experts say it’s due to a new trend- unemployment
The 'Word' is powerful, Francene I look forward to seeing your insight-tweets from this experiment!
Small offense. LBJ once pee'd in a congressman's desk ornament to est. dominance. Politics is the essence of crude.
HOW SO MANY FOLLOWERS????????
I hope she ain't gay. That would be tragic.. Lol
I am going to use my recent experience with in my next book about poor customer culture. I hope they survive unlike
i just want to punch my little brother and sister in their throats. i can't wait 'til they both have jobs and have to get up early.
2 more days until Christmas!! Can't believe it!
Coffee and aleve are broken. Started reading an article I thought headline said "Police respond to shouting on east side"
My bf ex's is such an attention whore ! I can't stand that !
hey.. that's awesome!! now, whadja do?!
Same Here ! XD
I was flipping through the Victoria's Secret catalogue and now I have a craving for ribs.
Alabama Shakes: the real soul deal: Admired by Hollywood royalty, the rabble-rousing Alabama Shakes are doing fo..
Panda Express is my friend. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009A>
okay be outside ok plz
If you are in Maryland come see our latest Flyer Fit designs by Martin Flyer at Smyth Jewelers in Annapolis….
Thank you so much for listening! Keep in contact, we'll be releasing a new song soon!
Such a great movie! I recommend sarah's key! A lot of reading, but it was great!
Windows down pounding faded-tyga
Don't blink! Rangers Score!! 1-0
is one of our favorite bars in the world! They have many specialties, but their infusions are truly incredible.
I love the song beautiful ppl #chrisbrown but not as much as WMYB
YES! you have a working oven and stove don't you? I smell a cooking lesson event coming on!
I said "come with me" and he followed me out of the church. We sat down on a bench and I asked him "what do you see, he replied "people!"
I'm a Vikings fan...so yeah...it's comin....
the fact I'm coding a website that's in Portuguese just shows how wide open South America is for web development.
whats your number???
finished it you wanna see? ;)
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MAMA MAHONE! <U+2764><U+2764> you are and always will be an amazing mom to austin(:
32 degrees at my house.
woah!!!! Weird! Mine was ok yesterday! Sorry - let us know if It gets resolved!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SELENA :)
RT Hello ! Our senior Architecture and Design curator Paola Antonelli is now on Twitter!
Our new background on our Twitter page is Triple OG.
Dear lady that ordered a venti white choc mocha with a shot of vanilla syrup & extra whipped cream but make sure it's skim milk: *face palm*
feel better!
Parade Prep is underway. Come celebrate Milwaukee's Irish heritage on Saturday, March 10 at noon in Downtown Milwaukee!
Praying like never before
Yup lol I just it for a bit, but then I remembered my password again. So how've you been? How's twitter been? LOL
#CAFcruise backing out and getting ready to go
Wackin some balls around w/ oh and is a skunk
Dawson's creek! Keep em comin!
you're too kind. It's all the guys in the chapter. I just keep em on the road as needed.
You smell bad. Go away. D:
Welcome! It would be great to see you soon!
: "Positive thinking without excellent doing is the pursuit of delusionists.”
Finally settled in our new offices for Defined Publishing - 925 Luna Circle NW, Albuquerque, NM 87102. This is where the magic happens for…
I said things that later on seemed to be untrue
Welcome to the playoffs Landry Fields.
A really great French roast from Peet's , a gritty jazz playlist, & a to do list 74 mi.long. I'm officially back on the grind.
Wine tasting tonight!!
This is just getting silly
Today's #dailythanks: the kindness of strangers and working from home.
c) forget the others and get a district.
the small things are the important ones
If Jeremy Lin, Tim Tebow, Eli Manning, Derek Jeter walked into a bar in NYC for Beer/Diet Coke who would be served first?
haha just saying P and O are quite a ways from C and A ;)
She moves like I pray. Like the only one watching. Is God, I mean me.
I've decided that programming in Flash is just a big puzzle. You just keep trying different pieces of code until the darn thing works.
what a kick in the a$$
Why thank you!
atta boy. Where?
Third day at the Writer's Conference in Denver. Author U rocks?
I'm a manly muppet!!!
is re-opened officially. Excited. If I had a babysitter, I'd be there now. Good luck guys!
Projects behind, contracts expired, not profitable. But still doing far more than required in the contract....scope creep!
"No problem can be solved by the same consciousness that created it. We need to see the world anew." Albert Einstein
New Summer B Haitian Creole language and culture course at UF: "Haitian Creole for Disaster Relief, Humanitarian Aid, and Development".
Everyone stay tuned, we'll have another contest for the next orientation session!
We're a collaborative consumption / p2p connecting food lovers to chefs. #p2p #sxsw If you're a chef, reach out to us!
About to call it a night
slipped some dilla in at my fancy-party-solo-piano-gig. I doubt anyone here has heard of him, but now they've heard some of his music
Hey Chicago! We'll be in Elgin, IL tomorrow! Are we gonna see anyone?
Instagram and Facebook in talks about making experience better.
I passed out at like 11:05
#THATCamp Columbus campers: expect an email soon with details on parking (it's free!), post event meetups, and more!
Whats with all of the dumb cat skits?
The slip roll on the Pioneer DJM 2000 is dope!
got put into a bad situation. Have faith.
We need to hangout, old friend!!! :)
Lmaolmao. :P I'm not the only one tweeting! (x
never gonna use it outside of school
FYI Pete's Tavern should have the press game on tomorrow near AT&T park : What's good San Fran??
you just might.
Are you really gonna be like that and act like its not an analogy? C'mon, man…you're better than that.
June 1st Need To Hurry Up!
watching wizards on disney channel
Selena is in the latest issue of People for her perfume! :)
Reviewing my #SXSWi notes- favorite quote: "The future of marketing is philanthropy" via Biz Stone, co-founder of
it's only been one day..
You make me smile :)
#ladygaga Lady Gaga should be the Halftime performer at the 2013 Super Bowl <3
I'm bout to renew it tomorrow!
Go Thunder!
haha I just got out :D
Ira Glass owning Mike Daisey is insane.
m dat face
How the fuck am I gonna get my bamboozle tickets? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
word on the street is he dont get high like the rest of em'
Way to go !! #Grammy winner!
go ahead... foloow me!!
Driving our cats to their new home in PA :)
well its hard to pass up when its so close!
building a Flash mp3 player. Thanks for the help, gotoAndLearn.com!
The offers keep pouring in for Homestead's Luke Worthington (6-8). Leigh, Greensboro and Citadel offered Thursday evening.
cute skunk? :) they can look cute - sounds fun!
Sunday is the shoot date!!!!!!
bored af waiting
Watchin' Mr. & Mrs. Smith... Big fan of Angela Jolie, N' Brad Pitt.. they make a great couple...
Man I Love you Big Vince and you wife seems so cool
thank you
I purchase Chronicle books for our library. Any library relationships within your community?
The #AtlantaHawks are looking really good; I did not expect this.
thank u!
Send Word Now Communications -Notification of the Year Finalist! #dri2012 Come by booth #101 May 20-23 and join us!!!!
Random fact #5 He started YouTube june2010 with his bestfriend
You can give a damn, but you can never ever give a fuck.
I'm undersexed.
The owner "saying" he was giving it up, is totally different then the company taking it over.
I'm all over that!! It'll be my birthday present and I'ma act a stone cold fool when I hear Devils Pie.
love updating my Google contacts & calendar on my laptop & having automagically update my phone & Vice Versa. Goodbye Outlook.
The characters received closure to their stories (for the most part). The show was really about these relationships.
Do we even have a vice president? You never hear about or see Joe Biden anywhere.
I'm watching BET Christmas. It's ok.
Lol thank u i appreciate it but.. no thanks
Ok Lakers won everybody can stfu talking about the game now :P
Relevant messaging via Cross-Channel Marketing built on Consumer DATA should be *the focus* for next 10 yrs. at
I had no idea Bob Dole was still alive.
Sneezing really hard in a packed elevator makes for an awkward ride
Everyday - it seems - is on TV delivering a speech. &, everytime it is on the East Coast or Midwest. What about the West Coast?
few more days until you're 19 your not going to be a teenager anymore are you happy?
Day 2 of the #comedyintensive complete--exhausted but exhilarated!
Can Berkeley use your tweet in a promotional video we are producing?
Congratulations, Dr. Hui!!
Kind of wished they hadn't added Natalie Dormer to the cast of 'Game of Thrones.' Mainly because she can't lower her eyebrows.
So far, The only rock show is on March 2. Keep an eye on us for more announcements early this year!
Your ducks will never be in a row. The stars will never align. It will never be the perfect time. Quit waiting. Get going. #makeithappen”
Lots of fun hearing Gloria Steinem last night. Still so lithe and glam.
: I'm just looking out for my future children when I'm trying to find someone beautiful to mate with
As a tech consultant myself here in DC, feel free to ping me as a possible resource...
Sitting in on #SpringMEG2011 conference to hear keynote from Howard Putnam, former CEO of Southwest Airlines.
"Wake op fishy" -Darla ^-^
OH! You should Definitely be paranoid!! Its a conspiracy:D
Can't take anything away from #Giants they played very well. #patriots were a few pitch and catches away from a #SB46 victory
Big win tonight for UW, first road win of the year. Tomorrow is another day but we need another W.
So porque eu 20pegar U.U
Church @ #Agape & #dance class! Celebratin my soul!
Goodmorning ppl headed to the park to walk day One
I don't think you'll hear many rumors before the draft lottery, but I could see the Nets or Hornets having serious interest
Tonight its goin down inside club empire...everyone 21+ free all night and $2 u call it all night...don't miss out!!!
Bitch I'm the best-est friend anyone could ask for.
Fame bruh!!! I can find love later!!!!
I incorporated HIIT training into my spin class last night...a regular told me after class I should throw that mix out b/c it was SOO hard:)
DUDE... Will Ford help you??
"Orde-Lees confined his excursions to skiing on the horizontal plane," writes honourary reorbit , "and chitchatting to whalers."
I don't even know if they have that. They definitely don't have tacos. Much less Thank You Tacos.
We have Darren Brenessel from LSD Enigma on the phone! #supportlocalmusic on
Chanel resort collection runway show
Watch the sun come up this morning!!! Such a beautiful thing!!!
Me too
Why're you so buff?
Happy New Year tweeps!!!!!
The more the merrier. Will be a great time Go
9 million hooligans <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Cockiness , persuasion . . you can lick and suck ALLLA thatt. .
"Welcome : Philly."
Live tweeting from Civic Center in San Diego as #occupysd organizers rouse crowd. Labor #Union leaders are pumping up crowd of a few hundred
Great party bro lol!
* Quietly removes self from soapbox.
all smiles:D
I love when people say that we don't talk much as we used to...but when I text them or.something, I just hey ignored.......cute.
omg really?! O: ughh I love him! where do you work? Blake is cuter but I have room for Jimmy (; haha
Ok my Facebook friends what is the best CRM system for iPad and iPhone ?
Good Game Pat..Have a God Sun. Bro...
Me too": MAN IM TIRED AS HELL"
I'm going to leave that alone!!! “: whatever u ain't bout that life lol”
Sitting in Gatwick and preparing to return to eastern time zone by day's end. Yes, office hours tomorrow.
Girls, always remember: You are smart enough and beautiful enough to never be taken for granted and to never be anyone's second best.
Slow yo roll pump them brakes
Upper right corner of the U.S. lol. If you know where California is, right above that haha.Really? I bet its beautiful tho
tea is the new coffee
What charitable group or association would you love to give extra support to this week?
ICKY! heheheh. I love it!!
are those wireless ear buds??
Me: Wanna meditate with me later? Him: Is that short for "Suck my cock?"
Just heard the rough mix of our Wandering Star cover in the studio. Dark and raw, and the (live) beat sounds amazing.
#foramilliondollars you could get a LOT of flowers.
ik! Like I wanted to say something about something with the Democratic party but andrea snapped and I was like....well dang i
Life is moving fast, where the fuck do all these minutes go?
Can't wait for Justin's new single to come out!
Oh hey. That was the CLOSEST to an actual show choir performance they've done!! Finally!
Happy for you, Chris. You seem very nice!
It smelled weird, but I decided to be adventurous and try something new. BAD MOVE.
Determination gives you the resolve to keep going in spite of the roadblocks that lay before you. -Denis Waitley
Congrats, Ryan!
haha next time! ;) M thinking about heating sum up right now... hahaha jp
2D QR bar codes. Let them know what to expect.
Thank you!
I wanna take a shower so bad. Been travelling the past 12 hours and will land in Singapore in the next few hours.
RT : we got a ustream today at 6pm EST with pizza, ninja turtles and from TUNE IN TURN ON
yeah they are talking about it cuz it's been mt since 08. The city owes like 40 mil on it yet tho
Hey, I just met you And this is crazy But I have alzheimer's Hey I just met you
Home Sweet Massachusetts!
b BrazilLovesAustinMahone b
you could have came :)
Just have to wait for May 7th I guess! ;) I'm not giving anything away.
....big girls r fun, but they just can't run is what somebody said 2 me this morning!!!!! Hahahahahahahahahahah!
I don't joke bigfoot, I don't know how to.
still can't find my contact in the depths of my eye.
: Love heals even the deepest wounds.
You're not helping me sell this, man.
no, i already have dinner plans :/ this weekend? or next tuesday?
Great night last night to celebrate homecoming of two good friends for the weekend! So blessed with all the great people in my life!!
I just want a really fucking attractive, sweet, nice guy who likes the same bands and is equally as retarded, to walk into my life. Like now
#ItsAmazingHow The late Tim Russert elevated "Meet The Press" to must-see TV on Sunday mornings & how his death has devastated NBC News.
Flickr's problem is its middle-road nature. It's not pro enough for real pros, and it fumbled casual mobile sharing.
I would love nothing more than to clean your dirty cock!
my cousin Raquel makes 18 on this month too awesome!!!! xD
if the reds lose tomorrow do u see the firing dusty and brook jacoby? because the owner has no patience.
Hm someone needs to mind their business
just watched my second Jennifer Aniston movie in four days... should I be concerned?
Ready For next year (:
Wow...feeling really daydreamy today.
I doubt I will be able to cut Amazon completely out of my life, but it definitely ensures I will never buy a Kindle.
"we could make forever feel this way, don't you wanna stay"
time to bear down
Lol i won't :P
's pannel @ #NARM2012 gave a great window into real solutions for new revenue.
Plus he is from Georgia. Lauren was from Georgia and she was runner-up last year. Phillip needs to take it. Great Artist!
Hi Liz, we found a necklace. I will email you a photo in 5 minutes. Sorry about the late response getting back to you. Niall
Feel like a semi just hit me
Clinton Chipotle needs a drive thru!
Do you mean April 19?
HUGE THANKS to all the cast & crew of #CSWCPWOODS for a wonderful show! Enjoy your well earned break before the show restarts !
Happy birthday WVU
lots of talk abt waiting 4 studio execs to "age out" for new models to emerge but zero talk about it being less white & male @ the top
well ok am not gay but I do dig shopping with my exs knowing what am gonna be tearing off them later
you can fight with your parents all you want to but your NEVER going to win that
:) Where there's a will…
MileHighBowl is officially on the bring Peyton to Denver bandwagon. Please pick our city and the Broncos!!!
Ed Robinson Nominated For Music Producer Of The Year
"Many of the guys had been stealing 'Art in America'" J. Golden on 1980's graffiti writers love of art
Moroney: Undifferentiated content (who/what/where/why) is a commodity. Differentiation adds value and relevance.
are ya'll watching price is right together?
Awwwwwwh ): Did he reply? He's at Elitches. Did your school's seniors go too?
Shut up
hands down outback.
thanks for the S/O!
Sat in w/Bill Mays @ the Deer Head 2nite. I've been waitin' 2 hit w/him, & it was a solid blast! What a great musician. Ck him out.
trust your intuition. be true to your intention.
This cold is kicking my ass
I don't have time for this; yet, I need to do this.
how i've missed it here! tasty capp made by
yum, just made fresh watermelon juice!
I saw you were in the books :-) can't wait to meet you! come in with your hair down & dry so I can cut your hair dry!
bro I fucking love you thank you! This shit happens everyday
Christie Whitman says air is safe days after 911
is preparing for the Management Consulting Seminar in Grenoble, France.
we going to the ATl may19th
hahahaha thats what you get for letting me have your phone ;)
Henry Ford who once said, "If you think you can or you think you can’t, you are right." Think about the truth in that and then act on it!
Quick poll. Tell us [yes] or [no] if you use your phone to scan QR Codes. Please RT and use #eyechat tag. Thanks so much for your help!
No class from the Canadiens
Happy 2012. May it be an enjoyable and prosperous year for everyone!
Boardwalk empire exceeded my expectations in every way... brilliant
After wearing jeans for so long, shorts feel weird.
He probably does cuz i put stress on him....its my fault & i dont want him doing it
The Avengers! c:
yea i guess its easy to blame jmo. he's frequently intoxicated, easily confused and doesn't have a twitter lol
The snow last week had me worried, but my peas & arugula are sprouting!
SHOUTOUT TO Everyone go follow her she's AMAZING!!
We got one of Mr. Ewing that said "I'd motorboat that" :D
A failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough
Trying to sleep!!
#TeamFollowBack Happy All Saints Day! ...oh wait, nobody celebrates the original holiday that begat halloween. you're all posers.
Bout to upload a new video to utube go check me out youtube.com/ABTheRapper
Just sat on a cactus. And this time not on purpose.
Man so bored!!... Im on christmas break and I been stittin on the couch for the past few days!!
you would.
join them!! rock on!! :)“: Girls motorcycle "gang" just sped by. #powerful”
Astrid Alauda To be seventy years young is sometimes far more cheerful and hopeful than to be forty years old.
nice!! Where r u!?
Good night Lady!
What's good man!
Whose comin out?! Can't wait! Up next at our first annual !
I had Nutella for breakfast today so it's going to be a good one.
Boutta sit rooftop and eat cheese popcorn
Hi Nicholas, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Join me in opening your own business for 39.95!! Helping others get #fit and #healthy!!
A loving person lives in a loving world. A hostile person lives in a hostile world. Everyone you meet is your mirror
Come be laZy with me.. Get in the bed n let me cuddle you!! :)))))
Picking our winners shortly!
Announcement: we're recruiting for the Miss United States 2012 National Pageant! Jr Teen, Teen, Miss & Ms Divisions cc:
When the product is right, you don’t have to be a great marketer. Lee Iacocca
I too am glad to see them out enjoying Paris but holy fuck too many papz waiting #jerkoffs #ParisLovesRobsten lol
ha! Drive me Crazy? Classic.
should we take them for polish? yum
Today ask yourself," What can you do for someone else besides yourself? "
yup since yesterday
Smith & Brady in favor of congestion charges ... Some folks call them tolls
argyle socks are my absolute favorite kind of socks
The more I think about it, so am I!
hot dogs in rice cookers
Oh man. I got so used to crappy Will Ferrell projects I forgot how awesome he was on #SNL, and is right now.
Don't know what i was thinking. Pho 777 it is. Thanks
The next 50 people to follow my Twiiter follower Will get 10 SOLO shoutouts to his 80,000 followers! his tweets are funny
I'll see you this week. We better be pushing a car.
I'm seeing a podcast here which I haven't listened to, but I seem to remember reading something too. Checking starred tweets
With leaders in NYC hearing great reports from leaders on awakening in the US! Wow!!
FreshersDestination: IBM Interview Questions
I think you might on another account. I'll email you later tonight!
Happy happy happy
HOW ARE YOUU?!
looking forward to yet another great class with your insider expertise!
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 12
I can't believe you gonna sell your stuff
The same niggas tweet me && I still ignore them ! lol Its not bc im STUCK UP or Think Im the shit - but Its Annoying !
ha, right!
Still can't figure how Cheryl Miller keeps her job!!!
Africa test.
I stepped on a huge banana slug this morning & almost died! I was wearing flip flops & it smashed between my toes. Orlando bugs are huge!
interesting question! there must be something before Baillie (1910-ish, the one that's used in public domain versions...)...
Cuddle buddy needed!!! Any takers?
Yes! playing #Thriller!
Decent head start on this 3 hour drive.
I was so hoping it was, in fact, a miracle but then I blinked and my eyelid stuck to my eyeball. Oh well...
Steven, you're following the wrong guy. IMO home schooling in many cases borders on child abuse.
Standing room only at "apps at scale" panel....
Congrats to the #Chiefs with win over Denver. Still remember the whupping #SportingKC delivered to Denver. What a Rocky Mountain High!
": #BTW I would like to see Kobe get his 6th Ring....... #shrugs I'm a fan too"
Prob'ly because we're so used to gulping coffee on the way to work, and tea takes a while to steep.
Since Obama took office, private sector jobs decreased by 2,000,000, while federal govt employment INCREASED by 147,000! Wrong way, Barry.
Getting ready for our big Extreme Yard Makeover tomorrow. Lots of members of the community are coming out to help a very deserving family
Thanks for tweeting! I wish I was there at
Wow I'm so stupid! Hahaha!
niggas in the trap full as a bitch
f it's meant to happen, then it will. With the right person, at the right time
#ILikeObamaCare because the health of US citizens should be more important then insurance company profits.
you call everyone else fake when your the fakest of them all....
So, if you haven't yet, you should try the Black Cherry flavor @ Fenway. So #creamy and #delicious!
We have all been placed on this earth to discover our own path, and we will never be happy if we live someone else's idea of life.
Sometimes saying sorry is the most expensive thing, but it's the cheapest way of getting a priceless effect.
Man All I Want Is My BOYFRIEND & Thats It
totally agree!
LOL well the Death Star was about to roll off the desk ;) RT : Hey That is not my little ball that is the Death Star damn it!
Successful day at town center with jo:)
As a former waitress, all of you tweeting #IHateWhenMyWaiter should spend a month waiting tables.Then u can talk.
Look @ the contrasts. The same day reports on 's troubling path, reports inspiring a movement
Morning tweeps! Had a #lush relaxing weekend! Now for another busy week on the ! #cannotwait!
i gotta talk to youu!
B/c I love you and we've been together for over a year now. We are constantly talking. How can you not be on my mind 24/7?
Because I fell asleep at 5 yesterday.. haha
It's time to start thinking about your company's holiday party. We have 2 private rooms that can accomdate up to 125 people!
im having a show on march 31 too at the citrus festival
Set them straight
Congrats! RT OUR NEW BEAVER DAM ANIMART STORE OPENS TODAY! Stop in & check out the 7,000 sq ft store at 1600 N Spring St!
why does he hate u?
The Bahamas bucks in frisco is shit.
Had to create a new twitter account ..... havnt been on n like 4 eva
im gonna go wally backman on his ass
Love my username
Getting a headache from the ink in a tabloid-sized (10 3/4" x 14 1/2") trade magazine I'm reading. How toxic is this stuff, anyway? Blech.
Amazing to watch this unraveling take place in such a public format. Blog to follow on on Monday.
I know your tears more then you. Cause I've seen the too much.
Hey, Bay View - we need about 5,000 empty PBR cans. Start saving up and redeem them for some PBR gear. More details to follow...
Got Customer using sending Aux Copies to our
it seriously is one of the best investments you'll ever make. Mine was $100 used. So worth it. Check out the Red Witch too...
Hoping the good news fairy visits Dana now after she just visited me!
#SaySomethin love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 36
Every time it comes on I watch one of my favorite films everyone should take the time & watch the best can't stop laughing
I know right. I love y'all too. But them brownies <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Rise and shine loves! Come see us today Mequon 11-3 and Third Ward 12-3
ok why would this person be mean to you for nothing. he/she just called you a meanie and i am trying to...
More confidence, love it RT: 621 RT : We're taking guesses for Friday's league, don't forget to guess!
*tweets about getting Internet back at work, gets fired for tweeting at work*
Thanks for the mention!
wanna fly to florida? we can go to the beach together(:
I just want to hold your hand and just be cute with you forever . <U+2764>
look at you* tweeting away ;)
I'm okay with Lexie dying since my dream marriage on Grey's is Mark/Arizona/Callie. It could work.
Let's get this surgery over with
i don't wanna go upstairs cause my parents will find out that i stayed up too late!
#FF Old school college newspaper pals making it big edition
I can eat any food item I want to eat sir.
Hey girly, how are you? Sorry, I haven't been on lately...
so did the storm pass or something???
We are getting started with a public hearing on the Budget Request Act of 2013.
#demoday happening, usually 80% chaff, 15% not sure and maybe 5% wheat
Marx makes look tiny.
I want to go so bad but if I went I wouldn't be able to get completely buck in Cali! Miss you!
Final Golfer rehearsal at HCC
and I led the way to the fall of the the soviets in the #battleof84 ping pong match. This match lasted 38 hours We don't remember it
It's a hot one today!
whoa whoa! I'll look it up!! Woop.
Nobody in this restaurant told that guy at the bar to stop smoking... Probably because he was masturbating.
New years; really? Why r we still celebrating?
re: desk I'm sure it has something to do with more or fewer Simpsons figurines, but I've never figured out the actual formula...
El patron in stone is banging #mexican for lunch if u dig Mexican food go there across from walmart
"If you can dodge an egg you can dodge a ball"
Suitcase Opera Update: Why can't I finish this freakin' aria?
I complain too much. #beautifuldaytoday. :) thanks for the party/gig last night &
Susan, thank you so much for tweeting all these today! I missed #6 though. :-)
Did i overreact..:/
Forgiveness is the answer in all of our growing.
RT White Rabbits tonight! 18 tix avail @ box office when doors open @ 8pm for $14 CASH ONLY White Rabbits @ 10pm
I agree! “: Aw damn, He either cold or homeless! RT : this nigga got on two winter hats! #OMG”
Panel on Big Data on Campus this afternoon at Microsoft Cloud Computing workshop at #UCB: Michael Franklin, Arie Shoshani, Cathryn Carson
dunno what
as long as we get a quality receiver for him to throw to, I'm fine with it. Pointless otherwise though.
I doubt the company will reimburse me for unauthorized charges, though..
Why do people decide to change?
I hope you don't mind, I will be adding a couple of your sketches to a wall in my office. It needs a touch of sassy!
I totally agree. Smart girl!
Why can't my life be normal
#FLYFEST on MAY 19TH! With ESG, Jackie Chain, Sean Price, HW FLOSS, etc. Oh, and ME! Lol
Mr Obama still confident about economy of USA
LeBron missed two free throws in a row? MVPs don't do that.
Omg finally Arely :)
that's so powerful and so true!
I'm having Lucky Charms and soda for breakfast, because I am an adult. An adult who works at
Thank you for the RT!
Sorry, I can't tell you. :( I counted yesterday with others and don't have the overall info.
Of course the first time I show my mom what omega is it's one of those guys wackin it!
Happy Last Day of August...aka..the real last day of summer!
that's deep!
“: If I don't get any exercise today,I'll be mad. So we are going now.... Leggo! #TeamFitness” all day every day
Texans at 7. Get in here!
If Lilly's significantly increased production is any indicator, it's raspberry season.
nick !!!!!!!! I saw you in ABDC yesterday :D yeah I died <3(:
Awake- about to get ready for a 5K fundraiser in Miami # AreasonToRun
#20ThingsILove tall guys (:
NOT EVEN AN INTERVIEW. just an opening day :) still scared though, i think my friend charlie is coming with me...
thanks for spreading the word about our Happy Hour details! Appreciate it!
I'm ready to party ;}
hot hot I want that
Big difference between Manchester and Barcelona! If you're a footy fan, then Manchester. For sparkle - then Barcelona :)
me, dom, beau, rob the producer and paul the sports director make up the 10tv sports twitterers
New This Week | Six jobs, two online learning opportunities, and one grant. Find them on the Programming Librarian home page.
xD and i (also) noticed in ur vid u have braces now ? xD
BRO YOU GET A BREAK AT THE END! vegetarians need you!
do I know u??
My phone battery died and I could not find the back up. Found it! So here comes a ton of tweets from me =D
Trump's "rules" are about juicy drama for tv ratings. For crying out loud: Amarosa - exhibit A. :p
Aww...I love u too sis!
sorry no follow back
Barack Obama ('s campaign) emails me more than NASPA and ACPA. First time for everything.
mi photo en mi phone!!
Spring has sprung. The pastry case is crammed full of pastels.
Awesome. RT Can't believe David Stern vetoed the Tim Tebow deal.
it sounds like there's some crazy british stuff going on
I honestly don't know what it means?
This is the most adorable thing I've ever seen
My run went a it better today mainly because of the music I was listening to. Thank god for intense songs.
In the studio with j n s vibes
Seriously. Time is money. RT : Dear , where do I cash in my $15,000 tweets? I'm ready to go home now.
yes that's what i was talking about, i forgot to say i was with yah, haha it was so creepy!
I followed
Hip hop has gotten so horrible they literally had to resurrect #tupac to get people hype again lol
RT : Gov Perry considering firing UT Prez Bill Powers b/c he opposes tuition freeze? Powers is 10x the leader Perry will ever be.
Would a hater do a cannon ball at 2am? RT All I know is is being a hater....
The potential upside of running with scissors does not out weigh the risks.
My husband and I divorced over religious differences. He thought he was God and I didn't
Hope everyone had a lovely Easter! <3 keep on supporting !
LOL but we don't! :D If we did we'd be tweeting every 15 seconds which equates to 5,760 times each day! ;-)
Another day at 54°F! Who else LOVES living in the Land of Enchantment? Best weather - EVER. Have a great day & ride on!
I hate games like this playin against your opponent and the refs
Going to bed #sober Ugh !! Gn fb and good morning workers. Me and jay day
Follow the next female super star DeeJay Dj Jacky Beats
Mr. Khalifa and Mr. Miller on repeat.
I fight with peace & resolving my problems instead of resorting to violence & spiteful actions.
I really feel bad for today. I know he put so much into the Brebeuf basketball program.He did a wonderful job leading the Braves
YES! i hate tht
u stay at work. Every time I go there u there
only love for you to lol
Why do bad people prey on the good ones?
Together is a wonderful place to be
I tried to call u. it is what it is. I need my loot #asap .We sue around here. Call me so we dnt expose ur financials and all that.
please follow<U+E022>
we do this twitter shit for real.
Most Dedicated Parents in the Animal Kingdom Lets take a look at those species!
looking at this mixtape cover and...Paul Wall Might be damn near 70 years old!!
Keith Jones makes absolutely no sense. He says it should be a penalty on the ice -- but then basically argues that it was a clean play.
Hey San Diego! There are amazing things on the rise! Details will be coming soon!
and we have a WINNER!!!
Why hello there :)
Get here in the lobby by 6:15pm.
I like this city, wish I had time to enjoy it.
Ah, gotcha. I like the sound of that. Where do Panchero's even exist?
He lives right between Morehead and "the projects"... or whatever people call those freaking apartments x)
Wondering why you don't have blog subscribers? The subscribe button on your website doesn't work.
They should do a "we wish they were in a memorial montage" montage. I'll start: Steven seagal
not my idea, but I fully agree with it. Isnt it time that Duane Below become a starter. Leyland blew it off when asked earlier this week
You're too unforgiving of a small mishappening, which is your fault to begin with. You should be hating yourself instead of hating me.
Who is on your coaching roster? #needmoretweets :) *Waves*
Local 19 wishes everyone a happy and safe holiday weekend.
ok thanx :D
NO WAY! I thought it was my internet connection from Portland! I was screaming to Comcast Customer Service after hours! LOL
good morning!
rip ADAM YAUCH
Oh no. You OK?
Most excellent, Shannon! The force is strong with this one!
Thanks for coming by Maury event!
We got asked to do an encore show Thursday night at HOB in Dallas! Come hang out with us from 7-9!
Mythbusters proved it! RT : Did U know a glass of whole milk cn giv a person a .02 blood alcohol (BAC) on a Breathalyzer test?
Just watched a full power rangers super samurai......
They are all great guest hosts! You seem to know what works, Lisa!
Call it murda' murda' , when you smoke my killlllllla'.
Filming for Odd Sqodd! I love it!
Thank you Drea! Same to you! ;) Nice to see ya hear
I was having kind of a crummy day. And then I got your card + sandwich shop poem. <3
You like being single ? Why you lying ? <U+261D>
UK set the national championship game record for most blocked shots with 11.
I hate when I accidentaly twit my texts too
Been shooting way too much with my iPhone. Blog coming soon...
Working on an application video to show how easy it is to apply an Inkdt guitar skin!
Looking at your show which I do every night. Good Job.What Skaky Oneal gave you from inside his crotch?Thats nasty germy stuff
Great new songs by the ultra-cool band available now in the ProShow Web music library!
merely having a seat at the table does not make you a diner, you must partake of the food - aaron jordan debate
All the stories I'm hearing today about LED lights in #DC alleys talk abt completion of the project, but this must mean in ltd area, right?
I've come to react so poorly to people whining about being bored. Which is an activity, in of itself, which requires free time.
finally got to burnin some shit
Visio: a UX guy, Publisher: a small business owner, Access: a wannabe DBA, Groove: a soon-to-be unemployed guy.
All I want for my birthday is a trippy stick
Funny how excited folks get for 38 degrees.
Im lol tweets right now ! So true .....
its ur birthday?
what is a good name for a puppy?
Jess tweet tweet budd
I love when trolls decide to troll you in a dungeon, and then complain about you when u tell them to stop bitching!
Listening to #WMYB at the loudest it can go!!! And singing super loud cuz no one is home!!!!!!!!!!<U+2764><U+2764>
Followed back thanks :) And I like the Packers too so :P
Uh, no. That sounds a little off from what we're going for, which is deliciousnes.
John Terry will always be a fantastic leader and captain regardless. Proud to see him lift the trophy.
Hold a book in your hand and you're a pilgrim at the gates of a new city.~Anne Michaels
Man ! I'm Tired Of Bitches Playing With My Emotions .
Tacoma (wash) baptist OL and #badgers commit Walker Williams made the flight out for the spring game
i just download episodes of #TVD and seeders are numbers of downloaders,it has 25000 in a site.:)
If you want to send a prayer... there's an app for that! www.birdofprayer.org. Good night!
i'm sure he could. I just want to see it on someone else before I'd do mine.
New facebook admins coming soon... Too much going on to take care of everything needed and not needed!
Rapid Protect, A Company Focused On Mobile Based Safety, Security And Collaboration, Announces Major Update Of Its ...
the way took a stand on bullying should have done the same thing last year!
there are a lot of other people that want to go to Hawaii...
CHARLES BARKLEY, Chill cuz Im TORN & U DONT make it NO better talkin shit bout my
Shouldn't have worked all day. Suffering for it now
An early welcome from 30 Days to Life.
geospatial would be mapping & visualizing networks and creating place among quakers during american revolution.
I use many names, but my favorite is mommy. Happy Mother's Day!
2 tweets ago !
Bongs rips on the toilet
I wish I could go to the Ed Sheeran/Snow Patrol concert tonight.
The Superbowl is tomorrow!!! Who are you rooting for... Patriots or Giants?!
Hey guys, if you don't want me staring at your tattoos, maybe you should lock your front door before showering
Celebrating Momma's 75th Birthday!
I HATE YOU!
Isotonix® Isochrome provides a powerful dose of chromium, to help maintain healthy blood sugar &blood cholesterol levels...
“: So much for getting the pool warm!” needs more pee...round up the toddlers!
Looking forward to it!
Appreciate the RT, thank you!
No. DIdn't quite trust the atmosphere. Hadn't been here before. This is quite the place complete w/wifi and starbucks!
hearing yourself sing in the shower and wondering why you haven't made an album yet ;)
ah dang, sucks! alrighty then.
its better 4 a girl 2 sleep 100 years & be kissed & awakened by the right prince than 2 stay awake & b kissed 100 times by the wrong frog <3
so purty boys....
any update on Tramon Williams?
Great game by Rob Wilson! Apparently Badgers named R. Wilson come up huge in big games
I just noticed that five letter URL in your description and signed up this afternoon - I'm looking forward to the invite
#nccetl (pcti) peer coaching of tech integration in every Asian country except Burma(ha Myanmar)
Crumbs in bed...wups...blodwyn Friday
I honestly don't understand this tweet. You're tired so you're not obligated to make sense? And I should cut you slack?
WOW, that's weird because i have an I at the end if my last name and u did that today.
ya i just forget :) prob should just not take them.
I believe there's a heaven but I also believe there's a hell.
peanut m&m's are the only thing within reach..... I guess they'll do. I really shouldn't wake the baby lol
Hung up on somebody who i used to know.
We liked last night's filet mignon special so much, we're having it again!
Caught up on yo ex girl, I can get you past it
19 bands on Wednesday and then got up today to find that I won tix to Springsteen private show at 7PM. Should be great....only at #SXSW !!
dream girl : likes dr. pepper, skateboarding, knows who LaaLaa is. dresses girly, will help cook, can tolerate me/ my music.
very disappointed right now... Where's the heart?? They better show up on Saturday!
THANK YOU for all your support! XO J
I wouldn't put it past 'em either -- until your tweet I didn't realize I cared about the old rag!
You are what you tweet.
I love lamp.
I knoww:( I dont know why I didnt hahaha HAVE FUN!<3 And see some sexy boys for me please ;)
Sally, *pattern of virtue* looks just wrong
Playing a blue alien on a sci-fi show called MERCS tonight... I love this kind of acting gig!!
she couldnt handle it
Can Yuh Please Give Me A Shoutout!(:
:: exicted much for the IPL opening ceremony :) ::.
I thought that was their thing
The wind is crazy out there!
So tired. My body is exhausted. My poor muscles :|
Great turnout for our Charter 101 seminar in Kansas City tonight! It's clear KC is seeking more charter options for the community.
is that really your pic after you worked out? <<<<3333
I failed a spelling test in 3rd grade, because they asked me to spell AMAZING, and I put down my name.
IBCA's Super-Bowl-Related-Beef-Fact: 1 cowhide can make 20 footballs. It takes close to 3000 hides for one season. That's 60,000 footballs!
Friday afternoon + lots to do = headphones. Light at the end of the tunnel: with tonight.
I'll try to never hurt you. But I promise to stay by your side.
Even if you just want to buy T-Shirts for yourself NOBODY can beat our custom single T-Shirt prices! NOBODY!
Making sausage biscuits for breakfast yum!
a few years before a diagnosis is made. 2/2
Can't wait to see my girl tomorrow on #BBW you and that damn is something else.
#Caps should seriously look into trading Ovechkin.
Dead outside at this time! best time to go running
Arrive. RAISE HELL. Leave. - Stone Cold Steve.
Who u know will put u on and what u know will determine how long you will stay there
Trivia Tuesday starts tonight at 9 p.m.! Bring your smarts...or else.
": The worst feeling in the world is watching the one you love, love someone else"
Hey DU Students! If you're at tonight's #DU)MLAX game, share pictures on our Facebook page! We want to see your Pioneer Spirit!
u calling me fat? Lol
Playing at Radius Cafe in San Francisco at 8pm...for my birthday! See you there???
I like when something is so fantificent that you have to make up a whole new word to describe it.
we are perfectly okay with this too = ) Please keep spinning!
This is the true joy of life, the being used up for a purpose recognized by yourself as a mighty one
In SF, getting ready to discuss with 70 teachers the complexity and importance of teaching the Holocaust.
May Day: Just another holiday? - Daily Star Online
I attended SQLSaturday #131 in Chandler, AZ, Saturday, April 28th; met some great people; learned a lot; and even won an Xbox in the raffle!
Been sayin it for a while.. will be the number 1 pick next year
In arkansas
lol! U is crazy
A most unobjectionable position!
getting a re-tweet is kinda like getting one of those long line blocks in tetris...
It's early, I'm up, and yes I am getting breakfast followed by a nap and a workout....
And his "evolving" stance on marr equality is a big step from where every other POTUS has been, even from where he was in 2008
sorry to have missed meeting you irl at
RT 5 simple tips from on getting kids excited about books: go.pbs.org/5mQEO
what happens to a system thinker when the system crashes?
Summertime and the livin is easy. Fish are jumpin and the cotton is high...
Taking a break from my mountain of homework to watch 's documentary. :) probably the only time I'll be watching MTV.
Sunday wild far
they doing something for this note pad that will do something for either an album, script or my book. they not bad thoughts :-)
True? RT : Strange, and not funny at all, but there were conflicting reports surrounding the death of John Wooden too.
Happy Holidays and Merry Christmas and Happy and Prosperous 2010!
Don't want to give away too much, but here's a hint on where our annual gala will be held: both blue whales & dinosaurs call this home...
Nf , can I get a follow back
Wow. The Quicken Loans commercials keep getting more painful with each new one.
only has 2 books about Lincoln Heights. One in Reference, one in Rare Books. But how many books are there about Hollywood?
Has a line coming to #Target - Oh Glory day. Best thing to ever happen.
smashing ur brother in tennis actually.
Legs crossed towards each other= unequivocal sex invite.
I'm loving the fact that this year's #fantasydraft league is just PPVs. Scoring every #RAW and #SmackDown was a major drag.
When you blow your nose and your boogers are green... Sicky :/
DEMI. HOW DARE YOU BE A JUDGE WHEN IM NOT AUDITIONING. YOU SUCK.
<<<I'm cooking you fried bat wings with rhino balls and hot tiger shit! LMAO!!!
Are we talking about early English writers like Smollett, Sterne etal?
You're cool
Looking forward to working towards my blue belt in Brazilian Jujitsu! Oussu! Team GFT brazil for the win!
Twitter Tuesday! Today our special is Cherrybrook Vanilla Frosting Mix! Use coupon code CBVanMx15%Off. Spread the love :)
Yeah, pretty intimidating dude.
If shes' taking Shoulder up pics..or pics that look like she holding up the camera...lol!! SHe's #FatAssShit lol
I am SOLD. Just ordered 's Limited Edition Puzzle Cube. It's so cute! <3
nothing, how about you?
Heres my real account, which has a picture of me(:
Time to meditate and get in touch w my inner maverick to guide me.
FUCK I JUST CRACKED MY PHONE SCREEN OMG OMG OMG I'M DEAD FUCK U TOUCH SCREEN PHONES.
the knee high was great - delicious cocktails and pretzels!
I don't play second option. You either choose me or you lose me.
Great! MT Hey LA! A sweeping ban on plastic grocery bags went into effect July 1 for unincorporated areas of Los Angeles County.
Long birthday weekend, but it was a good one
ah k im out peace! :)
My timeline is filled with tweets from thanks to
im really loving character modelling, zbrush is probably my weapon of choice learning maya too
#ThatPastEx who always comes back after messing around with all your friends :P
We all have a family member who think they're a professional photographer.
Eek. Sounds terrible.
Just downloaded a book on my new Kindle...thank you BAE!
#5. Pistachio Ice Cream: Only successful ice cream with the syllable 'Piss' attached. Usually that doesn't work. Pistachio proves us wrong.
Hopefully things can only go one way from here.
Time to unload the kiln! More fun millefiori for Craftstravaganza tomorrow!
Lakers win! I wish we had rondo thou he's a beast!
Those Jeremy Scott gorilla sneakers are the worst.
I have quite the combination of fans that I am following now and it's starting to scare me, lmao!
That was the best acceptance speech in history.
We all have the key to happiness, its all up to us to open the door or close it. The choice is in out hands.
for the follow
A+ Modern Family episode tonight
#sslive knowledge workers are the primary source of innovation.
Almost time for the best show on Mob Wives
Lets knuckle up and guard yo grill cuz its real..
Just got to my gma house n they making fish n grits <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> today is gonna be a good day!!!!
topic for video today?
Agree with - a classic!
Guess that's why I couldn't find her
Jim Rohn once noted that in order to have more you have become more.
chilling in the T, bored as fuck, you going out tomorrow?
Miracle time please...
TURN THE HUMANS LOOSE --- Release 10% of the Millions of Humans Locked-Up at Historic-High USA Rates since 1776. USA Campaign
Big thanks to the Friends of Mount Vernon Place volunteers who helped plant the beautiful design in the North Park!
The Hobbit usually makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're filiming that into a movie too.
What about Houston, other than his name, makes you think he'll ever start at UW?
u r so beautiful!! u and both r just gorgeous!!<3
#3WordsForYou we're worth it :)
Not a good sign for 2012... I think the record voter in 2008 won't be the same in 2012...
I was going to ask the same about Thai, but I can do Fuddruckers.
Come on Clippers yall almost there !!!!!!!!
Anyone know when the LOC twitter archive will be usable by regular folks?
Agile Publication Model May Establish Openness Protocol for Many Traditional Systems agile publishing for textbooks?
not sure may be moving our son home from school tomorrow evening I'll find you tomorrow
Thanks for listening! I'm glad you're enjoying our Fincher series.
hook them horns \m/
#mayweather is a beast
you may be living in Dallas but I know your cheering for Jack for Portland. Plus he is in "Titan" green!!!
You beat me in a rap battle tho ;) RT : my rapping name is kmoney ;)
part of a 5 print portfolio from Theodoor von Hoytema in 1898. Fantastic and rare.
But I am kicking myself for forgetting to press record on both my audio recorder and video camera
Of course I did. Did you? I'm telling you... I need a Christian Grey in my life to put me in check. Sigh.
Tick tock!!! Sounds like a good night! RT : Only 72 minutes until I'm finally off work. Then it's the doctors, gym &...
hey, thanks for tweeting 's post
Thanks to for always having "our" table for meetings!
When a girl cry, please don't ask her questions. Just hug her tight and let her know everything is going to be okay.
the wendy's frosties are so good. Its basically ice cream but better!
Opponents hit the ball hard off of Tomlin. He gives up a ton of homers. Hopefully he can hit his spots tonight.
thanks for the shout out!
Don't believe half the shit u telln me
for once I agree with the Prez...kayne west is a jackass!...layoff the cognac...
That feeling of knowing you fucked up <
Looks like I'm opening up for you when you play at #LMU in a few weeks!
Hey Power Playette! How about neext week?
and are gonna burn you to the ground tonight at 10pm after Opening Night.
I'm with Reese. Overboard will always perk you up.
:- This is polluted society buddy. who caught on camera while steeling the store. he got felicitated.. wow.
thank you for taking faith in me! It means so much to me!
You sweep a woman off her feet, not only by stealing her heart, but by giving her your heart.
... if the sources are correct (and I believe they are), this speaks to some very, very sloppy reporting on things that ....
what the hell have i been talking about lol
Get me out of here!!
don"t know how I really feel about sitting thru 3 hrs of Phillip Glass at the Met this eve...
haha im sorry but that made me laugh XD
I didn't sleep well had too much on my mind so I just listened to music lol
Obsessed with Turnpike Troubadours right now. I'd heard them before but it never clicked til recently. So good!
SHOUTOUT TO Cashing Out is on the radio in Ocala, FL.. come perform here soon.. #salute.. love to see 'em come up!!
Loved your article about technology in the Upper Valley... oh, so true.
Mountain biking only for me. My body structure does not support spandex yet ;^)
By the power of Twitter, I got "Call Me Maybe" played at Target Field tonight.
The awkward moment when i was walking towards my friend to tell him hi and i tripped
its running Sportscenter
I barely saw it a week ago and loved it.
omg I love ur avi!!!! How r u my lady??
Maybe. At least GB can say they finished 1 measly game behind the Bears and had to play 1 extra playoff round, all on road.
It's fantastic that they're making two fantasy movies, The Hobbit and The Runelords movie at the same time.
I bet you're looking for
#PeopleLikeUs hate people
RT : Your true friends are the ones you went to Walmart with . And had SO . MUCH . FUN .
One of those days where I'm reminded of how much I love my job & being a librarian - added bonus, I got to talk about DDC with 5th graders.
These goalies are bad!
Hi! Mag ad revenue are down, (part of it) also readership down, and paper and shipping costs went up.
I realized today that while I love #GH, it's more like a vacay to me, while #Days is home. But I can't go home without you!
Bodybuilding Anatomy | Californiashop.co
Looks like I'm in baseball mode again, it seems like I just got out of football/hockey mode. Sports fandom is exhausting!
Well done guys...Fun to watch!
#JBSOMEDAY it is true "a real man knows what a lady likes" and surely is a real mann;)
Addicted to #SocialMedia, #smartphones? Hear the latest on how it could be connected to psych disorders
GONE TO SEE MUH MOVIE!
How do you advertise? Television and the Internet are the two most successful ways, websites with video hold attention 6 times longer. FACT
292 you all fit like a nice Jimmy Choo shoe!
Take a shot for me #bhm! Lol
Good morning people!!! <U+263A>
Yo!! Thanks for following me!!! Best of luck with acting!! =)
So glad you enjoyed your visit...come see us again! Thanks for allowing me to share...
why do you have a problem with me , when i dont even know you ?
Of course they are...
I missed u by like 5 hrs in boston. Here with cooper right now. Whereu at????
No schadenfreude about Mariano Rivera O's fans. Karma scares me.
Mm eating slushies and eating Goldfish watching scary movies!
lindsay lohan looks flawless.
Spoon - Got Nuffin - 05:28 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
register for free now
don't worry, you didn't miss anything; stuff you already know I assume
At least you get to introduce twitter to the fact we have a bar with that name
HOW MANY LIKE FOR <U+266C> CHOP MY MONEY <U+266C> ~> AKON - PSQUARE
Gonna miss he was such a good roommate and seriously my best friend
We have two original Saul Williams pieces next week. An interview & editorial on his unique models of distribution. Must reads
Of all the freeriders, revolving door freeriders are the worst.
Thanks for helping feed some needy pooches!
I can't wait for college now #freshstart :)
Yea #CUSE is gonna lose to #KState... Howd that one work out for you all?
so much material in just one country
Tweet me a random word & I'll tell you what I like about you or your account!<U+2661> Hilarious & Bubbles already taken!:]
yeah.. its awesome. thanks for sharing!
Today sucks
Shit...the Lakers won?? Alright National Guard and riot police....you're up!
Storms have closed Goodman Pool, 325 Olin Ave. Staff will try to re-open the pool at 4p.m.
I'm determined to start this day off better than the last few. Been feeling burnt out lately.
This is a wise choice.
#CMchat A5 When it's compelling, informative/fun/inspirational/powerful storytelling-they stay, if it's BORING listeners LEAVE
new twitter, change profile pick to anything but the egg kid!
I WANNA JAM WIT U
A friendly remind to SPAY and NEUTER! Pet overpopulation is out of control.
is meeting a man on Monday about booking the "Moving On" CD release party!!!
Beautiful art gallery at NTC Promenade near downtown San Diego available to rent for your special event, workshop or show. 858-205-4354
i think MG left himself wide open with his piece.. i think Mike has left himself wide open to this critique with crunchfund
I was wondering about that billboard when I saw it a few days ago actually!
it won't let me follow her
....bitch u stupid
Gym time
-all you have to do is believe.<3
how many are they allowed a year?
Sigh. Some people bring out the worst in me. Or the Mama Bear side.
If no one says "swag" anymore, what do they say?...
Going to Boston to shoot a short.
Basketball game! :) with
A brew from Jolly Pumpkin Ales called Oro de Calabaza has to sound intriguing. Come give it a try!
#ThoughtsDuringSchool "just kill me now.."
Check the Thursday News-Graphic Homes for registration form to the SC Ninth Grade Spring Craft Spectacular, March 24 from 9 a.m. - 4 p.m.
Great to meet you too. Transit of Venus should come up more often. Maybe someone will raise the script from the dead.
Lots of ladies lunching at Panera. Also, me.
have I not been hyping the Waffle Crisp Mocha enough to be the one-stop shop for holiday specials at the ??
No one up at this time, to talk to..
is Jimmy wearing a snood ???
www.theaterconnects.com has re-launched! Beautiful, Amazing and about 1/8 finished. But check it out!
how about a street dance on main st.
OH YEAH!
HHB 427, fourth floor : where is your office located in heritage?
I'm looking forward to tommorrow night. Go Team Faber!!!!
Thank you for coming out for my bday!
S M U R F S <3 CUTE HUH?. umm movies later hit me up? ;3 melody out :$
You should come celebrate w/ us! Look out 4 us on #GMAZ this Sun talking about the how fro yo is the next ice cream!
Wisconsin in 2 months. Get better every day...RT Ran dixon today with the squad!
Congratulations to Trisha Caldwell...the Winner of the iPod Shuffle!
Officially declared a major in #ArtHistory and #Classics. Someone hold me and tell me everything will be alright. :(
May you Rest In Peace #iwillalwaysloveyou <3
<3 Mariano: "Put it down. Write it down in big letters. I'm not going down like this. God willing and given the strength, I'm coming back."
a #Taurus happens to be good in bed..hm *whistles*
I want you to win even if you're not in the first 3 just for that answer :)
Not feeling good....
any other team besides the , i'd bet $ that it wouldn't have been that harsh.This will weed out the bandwagon fans at least
What is the next bog thing?
#happy #friday Twitterverse!
Heading to my daughter's school for Read Across America. Morning, y'all.
LOL. If you were to see it twice before it came out, that might be described as obsessed. :) I hope it was better than Bruno
Who wants the new May 2012 mix from your favorite dj??? HANDS UP!
follow me cause I'm cool like that and maybe we can be friends and you know tweet n stuff :)
I've had a lot of thoughts running through my head
Yes! Please try ropa vieja, a Cuban, conch fritters, and a slice of Key lime pie while there. And visit
#missamerica no magic show talent, weak!
#FF University of Michigan Depression Center
They your husband... I said she's your problem now... Because I'm done with her.
For those of you who are in #LA, is coming to town! Check it out on Sept 29 at the Bigfoot Crest Theater in Westwood, CA
Instagram worth 1billion less than 2 years. Kodak bankrupt after 113 years.
haven't announced a date yet but it'll be pretty soon, just workin out the details. Did you make it to the one on Saturday ?
yu need to hurry up
Trying to decide if it'd be cool to be friends with an astrologer.
- great partner of wfgm_org -They elevate voices & needs of women in Memphis & ShelbyCo.Legends Award Art Exhibit in their lobby now!
Wondering which #beer pairs best with your #NewMexicanSoulFood? Ask your server. We hired them because they're smart!
How much I miss the beach
It's Tuesday and the whole staff is here!! Whoo hoo!!
Wearing my Louis Tomlinson outfit :) it's actually very comfortable!! I might dress like Louis more often :) teehee!!
Q: what will bring real estate back? Snow: the states with biggest boom had biggest fall. States that were steady are still steady
I got that to for them lol I believe in them all the way
Good morning!))
“: Enjoy Patrice O'Neal's special tonight. #RIPPatrice” I hadn't seen this...hilarious.
Team trivia tonight was sweet 15 teams Let's make it 25 next week.
I forgot... Curtis Stinson & Hamady N’Diaye play for #IowaEnergy just FYI
“: J:Kiss me please. U:WHAT?! J:what's up? what did I say? U: kiss me please. J:ok honey, no problem. *kiss u softly* *u shocked*”
RT : Ideas for building a new city? Engage future citizens. Create a community before it physically exists.
Sometimes Chicago smells like Las Vegas. Wish I had a
Have a safe and happy 4th of July!
yes i have! And it was ammmaazzingg!!!!!! U will have soo much fun!!
What the hell are you talking about?
Ah yay !!!!!! Guard it with your life lol
I'm intrigued but not convinced. I need to do some testing later this week on pixel font-size in IE.
and i feel like i am just too close to love you.
me too
If a freelance job listing has a city attached to it, does that mean you must live in that city to get the job?
lol if they think its bout them then it probably applies to them.
sadly was running late so didn't get to see the video game exhibit...maybe this Saturday before titanic 3d?
And that is why my closet is almost all yellow items!
hey squirrel
No.. Bill signing ceremony will take place at some point after Fishing Opener.
Fml I have to find something to do for 6 hours.
6s hands down....
Just found my Nintendo DS while cleaning out my room!
Beautiful weather yesterday. Bad storms comin tonight. Damn u atl!
Still trying to bang out this tech manual. It's been weeks now!
no! (now I wanna run away!)
ok you gonna txt me back this time?
OH: I want to take the microphone cable and strangle this guy. [ listening to "Amos Lee"'s "Won't let me go" ]
me like
So exciting! Bill Gates to speak at ECS National Forum on #Education Policy July 11 in Atlanta via
Sometimes I don't have a reason. Sometimes I just do shit cause I want to. There aint always gotta be a reason.
“: you got this man” yep I got this. Very confident in my numbers
hey hailey! how ya doin?! i miss you! you goin on the 22nd? dm me...
i've missed you all friends. i know you wont be able to read for this...but it is from my soul. My heart gives so much, but I've got to..
watching on always ask for what you want, and you'll be surprised at what you get.
We're blurring the hell out of it at and it's been awesome.
Does it have to sound like that? Can I just say community?
Hey Chad, what's going on? Not following your answer...
#whendiditbecomecool to misspell derogatory names? If you can't spell it, you have no right to call someone that.
God made you for a purpose. What is yours?
Lookn up old records of anything is such a bitch. I need a real life personal assistant.
There is way too much going on today. This is a prime example of why we need clones: so we can attend everything.
will do - enjoy Long Beach...see ya soon.
I feel like gabbys been in that position for the past two years
Is it time for Gardie and Rick Anderson to go? Looks like Twins have quit playing.
Thank you! <:D
your punt to Jackson seemed took forever too. Great hangtime.
but that happened before I saw your tweet. but if I saw it before hand it...different story
RT : Sundays can either be used to improve the following week, or trying to ignore it. Humanity tends to go for the latter option.
I've never heard so much complaining about a free product.
Bullying Is For Losers!
how long is your break then? The one starting on the 17th?
Ugh I have to stay after school tomorrow -.-
We're good.
What did the grape say when it got stepped on? °Answer: Nothing – but it let out a little whine.
Oh my Gosh I am so exhausted. I can't even keep my eyes open. #GoodnightWorld !
Tryna play us... Aint nobody finna play no music for him to be snitchin. Lol.
good luck!!
the great escape
Rid the Ego of Self Importance and of its blinding perspective that it is always right and you change your world. SR
Team Canada with a nice 5-1 win over Belarus in the Worlds
my sister likes dale jr i cant stand him is the best driver at hendrick i have tons of respect for gordon
Office work and then out to do surveys of people living in the San Diego River bed. Best Wishes to All.
something tells me 5 of them probably equals a donut or more.
Yeah, because Everyone on Twitter only Follows people they Know.
I know that. I just wish I could use it, my battery's about to run out, and I'm almost done with another 999 playthrough.
Tech game would have been full. People didn't make the trip today.
Cool - gonna get it NOW! Thanks! I already like J from the first 3 books.
All I need is food, water, air and love--- let's show the world that less is more.
In need of female models! Double take productions.. Fuck wit us follow ,
ok. Either way he's an idiot.
que no plans ni no plans! You're coming to my house monga
You - I was watching 's Flog on and saw her Fave Five your work with LFG!
Class after weight lifting.. Ah not the best idea ever :/
photog biz is going great.. took a long break and ready for this year...
Any other cool people in Faulkner?
Is there no video feed?
Got me RT : well it is a leap year
Good Night Everyone.. I gotta do -ray me- fa-so... tomorrow;)..
is covering "Use Somebody" and I'm the happiest guuRL in the world!
Pretty as always.
Oh my! Im in awe right now bro! Im so proud of you.. how long have you been doing this?(:
Just finished a callback audition for Tyler Perry's new musical! I nailed it!
Looking 4 some good reading- am interested in art+context, specifically impact of installations-know a writer who addresses this well?
One week until #MadMen. Oh God, I've waited SO LONG for my Don Draper fix.
Is it just me or do guys look 10x sexier when they wear a black shirt?
You got it! Check out our little project!
Ivan Gough/Feenixpawl/Georgi Kay - In My Mind [Axwell Mix] ^^^The best EDM song of 2012 so far^^^
Blastin #Sparklers give these boys a listen. Caught them live with my mates from in DL last week x
A book is a garden, an orchard, a storehouse, a party, a company by the way, a counselor, a multitude of counselors. Charles Baudelaire
RT : Yes!! Support local! : Happy Record Store Day!!
Hi new followers!.
wutttttt Tony Robbins just got sassy with my Oprah...I'm switching teams for Tony.
Got that work flow starting tomorrow #we <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Having a fun book club, talking about 's "Create Stunning HTML Email That Just Works"
I just read Katja's interview w/ you - I love getting to know my online friends a bit better. I'll tweet it nxt! Dumb? No way.
uh, yeah, wrong person...
Your coverage of #wi protests is a joke. Show video of rally with the thousands of people, not the post rally empty streets.
What is your favorite marketing, advertising or social media book?
and jump around until you see the sun? sorry couldnt help myself <3
1.5 years into this job & I might just now be able to figure how to effectively integrate my copy cataloging team into metadata work. Maybe.
Having a lot of fun reading 's CONFESSIONS OF AN ALIEN HUNTER on the way back from RTI/NTID.
yeah, I got it! No worries.
What do you think about Friends of Howard Football tag covers?
Happy 30th birthday MTV!
Guy behind me on the hotdog race: "it's a bonding experience"
Got a puff ball; for the week
Daniel Moreno is a fairy..
4-1 this wkend in Ames. More injuries, and new kids playing 2gethr 4 the first time but they all battled, great efforts from all!!!
Steve Stetson quote of the day - on songwriting: "You know it's a great chorus if it reminds you of a 90's tv theme show..."
#Hiking to the Ledge with the girlfriends this morning.
original or cinnamon? #FreePretzel until 3pm #AuntieAnnes today only!
Senator Mitchell's amendment to HB1271 fails
Clamato Sales Promo
Who knows what the ceiling is? Positive word of mouth is going to be huge on this thing, just based on that last 40 minutes.
goodnight baby xx
Gogo Internet sucks for opting me into a monthly subscription, but at least I got credit back when I cancelled. Fair compromise.
Live like Spongebob and Patrick, laugh out loud all day without any reason, and annoy the mean people with your happiness. <3
"those who know how will always have a job, but those who know why will always be their boss"
That's a nice way to feel.
Did you know that the "Mona Lisa" was stolen in 1911 from the Louvre in Paris? The thief left a thumb print and was caught 2 years later.
Good morning! The sun hangs in the sky and it's warm again :-)
it was wonderful meeting you today! keep the amin puns coming... haha...
Tonight The Pauly D Project comes on yall watch it!!!
...in two weeks you'd have a diamond ;-)
me too lady! I can't get everything done!
i think its okay to break passover for pizza that my professor ordered for the class. hes da cutest
NorthStar Limos wishes you a goodmorning!!!
Hm. Already at Union. Guess I'm just gonna ride it out here? Thanks though.
Richard Lugar got spanked yesterday. The message? The status quo R's must go. R voters w/ take back America!
RT : Then you should check out my work with and the
Getting ready to talk one-and-dones on ESPN 101.5 in Etown. Picks up in parts of Louisville. Listen up!
You missed my point: If you rely on public commits, you'll miss projects that, for example, don't use version control.
Whoohoo...on your way to full fledged professional
Why do people use cameras with no flash in the name of art and they aren't photographers? Annoying.
Good thing they never change the tests in NYS for value added.
This is Barfly and I want you to believe that anything you want in life you can totally have if you just borrow it and never give it back.
Come on Garza! Need a gem tonight. Cubs
Long days even Longer nights
Who would've thought I'd be going to sleep tonight #thisisnew I wonder if my bed remembers me
Chillin with my bitch Stephanie from the car dealer.I love hanging out with people from different businesses!I'm telling u I'm so sociable!
no long term impact for schools -unless- they win the championship like UK #sbchat ...banners hang forever
Death to all management companies who charge for "move in/move out fees"...Please find a more dignified way to make money
Making noodles. Should I spit in them? (:
Did kereoke at the baseball game! Thats the 6th person who told me to do American Idol. No no no. That's my answer.<3 :))
Aha Ohhkay Babe ^...^
You would think that living in a nation where are second law is about gun rights we should have more dueling mishaps but no, we don't.
Hormone Balance: How our bodies work is being held at at the Main Library on February 29th at 6:30pm.
First Easter that mom didn't get me any candy.
If your child is interested in playing #volleyball, check out the fall rec league at www.midatlanticvolleyball.com
So sexy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Just embrace the rain <3
Lightning strike just set fire to something a few blocks away. I want to take bets on what puts it out fire BCPD or the rain from the storm.
Snuck out for the first time.... But my mom knew... Does that count??
..... Brooks Robinson
good human. Taking the dogs out to view the Super-moon
Yes. Exactly. You mean like the AA "higher power?!" Haha! I wouldn't pretend to know where all my awesomeness comes from. ;)
At the party. Ironic scene out front with police, firemen, EMS and a person who just can't get up!
don't underestimate how much fun a rousing game of "Capture the 11th District" can be.
#PennyAuctions are the new # eBay, when was the last time you were offered a product this far below retail value?
I'll post the administration pattern up on the Drupal group at g.d.o.
I am now the official sunscreen/hair stylist/dugout sister for Lightning....
lmao ohh yeaa! U remember at sixflags when we was waiting in line we was laughing hard as hell at something
It's better to die on your feet then to live on your knees not giving up I'm fighting till the end
Success is relative. It is what we can make of the mess we have made of things. -T. S. Eliot
When I listen to I'm Made Of Wax, Larry, I always have to clear my throat along with the song.
": EF4 tornado confirmed for Henryville." Indiana
Somebody tell to holler at a player... We got work to do
So who wants to buy me a ticket to see #anthonybourdain on Friday?
Very pleased to have and talented artist at my show today!
Roffles! “: If Amazon can figure out how to get 8 grand off my credit card I wish they'd tell me how they did it."
Its Summer, but I'm already wishin for some Pumpkin Spice Latte from or Santa's White Christmas from Barnie's CoffeeKitchen.
White paper on tech coaching coming from ISTE on Tuesday along with standards
A man is as good as he has to be, and a woman is as bad as she dares. ~Elbert Hubbard
Ah, 6th grade. So awkward.
#1111 Icon:1000 Ur sopretty and It's fun tweeting u and I know Austin is gonna follow u nd ur cool but we don't talk much but it can change
We have started our plant unit.
Very disappointing meal @ Georges Blanc tonight. At least we had Coche Perrieres and 01 Meo Brûlée & Richebourg, etc to drown our sorrows in
Anyone wanna wash my hair for me? Lol but foreal....
What to do tonight..
and she's doing Jermaine's part too
with whatever you want on it, however I don't dig mustard lol
How does Seattle feel about #Justin Bieber? Is he a plague on the masses or your personal idol?
what the heck Daniel?! Ur like my best friend!!! Lol
Souls sold to Super Bowl thus far: Kanye West, Elton John, the NBC peacock.
I guess youll never notice me , bc u don't care, ive been trying for ever for u to follow me:( pleasee
Marion County Clerk's office open to early voters for another hour today. If you're DT and near the City-County Building, come and vote!
no problem! Help spread the name also!
Choo dives...he made that catch! What a play!
serge ibaka blockin anybody near him
follow back & shoutout pleaaaasee? :) this is my new support page! :D
nice my bestie is from the philipines. Im from seattle. Wat time is it there?
how's the fam? You guys good?
6 yrs ago a Jackson Pollock painting which can be most aptly described as 'a series of scribbles' sold for $140 million. Yes, dollars.
yup hopefully
hello anybody hello HELLO AHAH
Holy. F*ck.
Just got the Tetris iPhone app. It sucks without the Russian theme music.
#overheardatroots "there was just a daisy chain across the table" #roots12 #whaaaa?!?
Thanks for the RT! #visionexpo is going GREAT!
yes you are correct. -__-
OOOOHHH DADDY I LOVE WHEN U DO ME LIKE DAT!!
the solo double is back tonight at 6
watching best childhood show charmed in am studs
Im the bad guy in your movie that never dies.
That so sweet!
Thanks pal!
Bed early tonight and then hitting the gym at 6am!! Here's to the new me!
Raven Symone came out as lesbian?! Oops.
#EXHIBITOR2012 we will be there Booth #768! Come see us!!
We just spent 100 dollars on dinner and my stomach could die of happiness.
About to be interviewed by #KathleenBade from Fox 5 News SD about great college planning piece. Watch for the report on #Fox5News SD
Can you give me ONE tip on how to be noticed by you ?
you use instagram to post pics of yourself though....
I pay for BCBS in DC and it's around $120/month. Company plans are VERY expensive, because they have to cover everyone
Anybody read the latest "Player X" from the magazine? The one with the red sweater vest and "Busted" on cover. What are your thoughts?
For another take on Goedel see graphic novel LBI, present Daniel Kehlmann's play about him May 1...
omg. If I didn't have the small 40 year old we could've drank wine and watched will Wheaton sh*t !
There's your walk-off home run, OH WAIT.
JJ is throwing not pitching
I have been recently ranked as the 3rd best dancer in Boston. Tonight I will be taking my talents to Cure.
"The better part of one's life consists of his friendships." Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
no sir haha where have you been brotha?
I wish it was last week again :)
Twinkle twinkle little slut, name one guy you haven't fu***d.
Same here. I had a couple of replies.
haha I called my mom in middle of class and she flipped haha
FOLLOW ME!!
can you play the band perry and justin bieber home this Christmas
OH!!! Thank you!!! xoxo
Destroyed literally or figuratively?
book it papi sailor
Ha. Yeah, he does do a lot w/ meat. But I've never seen him make cupcakes. Or baked goods. So, he could learn from that.
You rock, much appreciated for all the RT!
You don't deserve her.
one of my all time favorite albums. Kanye's production is unreal
“: happy #420 bros #sparkdatblunt” #nohomo love n miss u both more than you know, this sucks but I'll be back
Villian. I have always been a goody two shoes. Would like to see how I would play for the other side.
In high school and still a virgin<33
USB headset and ustream is about as simple as it gets.
We can still use more volunteers at polling locations and on the phones; you CAN make a difference today. Call 410-338-4036 !
help us get more followers on twitter and get awareness out there for our BRAND NEW SINGLE THIS TUESDAY!
sunday laid back but have alot on my plate.
arnt you tired ?
Bags under these eyes!
Nor do you know me, my friend.
i feel you, feel better :)
Good Afternoon #EVERYONE.... How Are You All Doing?
HeartMob: flash mobs for volunteers. What a great idea!
My sense is that the editors of , like much of the local establishment, still thinks blogs are pretty silly.
I need coffee lots of COOOFFEEEE
Spy hunter pinball or arcade machine? Love the music on them both!
I'll teach my son to do better, show him my achievements as well as all my errors.
#TweetDingman problem: hiring firms forced to use emails to share jobs and recieve resumes as recruiters use diff systems, no integration
and not a minute too late!! Better he learns now, before San Antone...
Doing this one right
ah man . my stomach is talkin to me
Here early for the #ahmltweetup!
I got my days confused. Seattle show is free, Portland is not. But I can list you if you wanna come
didn't Morehead BEAT Louisville not too long ago...
So Facebook #librarians, what’s the verdict? Do we like the new timeline pages?
Would you enroll in Corporate Law or DET this fall if offered? Email Dean Cordell by noon Thurs. Considering offering if there's interest.
It was while reading or checking "s long blog posts about the Iraq war in 2003, 4 & 5 that I understood that war & what blogs are.
Up hungry as shit
Jesus: She was heart broken and had to be held up by two of My disciples.
Excellent philosophy, company vision and product. I am a reservation holder on the Model S. cc:
hah! I have a feeling you're not the only one thinking that.
Bar owners say they are taxed enough. I am supportive of business, but I don't think six cents a drink will make DC bars uncompetitive.
#20SongsILove 4- All i want is you by Justin Bieber. 5- No One by Alicia Keys. 6- if i was a boy by Beyoncé.
why are u sorry
Breastfeeding 'til a child is six? To each her own, but that kid is gonna have some issues.
i want some nachos right now.
Follow Me Please!? 51
I realize that everyone is forever mad at The Killing, but I gotta say: first 2 episodes of the new season are damn good.
Another day for great opportunities
dogs decided to beat the crap out of each other while on a walk. Not my life's finest moment.
Yes! Friday! whew!
Winter break is officially over, on my way back to school as we speak
I hope know she my partner for life and I miss us getting that long bread together... Wish I had the passion to party & promote
The Men and Womens BBall teams both won. Congrats athletes! Keep it up! UMW supports you.
I'd be scared to share too many of those thoughts. LOL
A man asked if Ryan would endorse in the Senate race, Ryan said that's up to the voters.
Super excited for my first day as designer at EveryBlock tomorrow!!!
Sometimes it just has to be said: TGIF!
Angie - go to the 9th floor for Keurig! RT : has Starbucks coffee in the break room! Jealous?
Bernstein: Raggedy Ann scripts white girls' private practices of play that then rethink slave owning as fun/American form of love
Glad you thought it was relevant to writing teachers. Means the plan for the implications chapter might be on the right track :)
still headed home from the reserve game?
RT : Boys night out with seeing the new Xmen! Where is &
So I'm listening to the Billboard Hot 100 Playlist on Spotify, is everyone retarded now?
I hope you're frolicking through daffodils with bunnies underfoot.
Next time someone says "sticks and stones will break my bones but words will never hurt me" I'm gonna throw the dictionary at them.
Or what happens just because you're in Bethesda.
I'm thinking about doing
Okay good, I guess Jim Carey's daughter auditioned.
REMINDER: 6 pm Sat. 9/11 Candlelight Vigil and Patriotic Musical Tribute American Veterans Memorial Pier 69th St./Shore Road, Brooklyn
Oh no! Hope you're feeling better.
Trivia Night! 7pm. In honor of Punxsutawney Phil, free pint glass with purchase of a Woodchuck Amber Cider!
Relationships of any kind fall apart when you lose your self control.
Jeff Chapin describing process for developing prototypes of latrines & communicating the concept to villagers in dev. countries.
Two flat tires in two weeks... the second time on brand fucking new tires. Thanks world
Workout is complete.. Time to hit the 210 and go home and cook.. Yeah!!!
I can't believe I am being put on heads
aye bro I been hearing them verses you been laying down ! You been killin
RT When a friend does something wrong, don't forget all the things they did right.
To live doesn't mean your alive.
and each visit to the hospital shall be counterbalanced by a visit to a strip club. new meaning to tit for tat.
LOVE LOVE my Dad. So worried about me..wants to fly me for a week to Florida to relax. Said he would take me anywhere to see his girl smile!
The Million Dollar Quartet was more like one $850, 000 duet; One $50, 000 act; and their friend, Carl Perkins.
How much sausage and crawfish tails were you able to pack?
Don't cry. Don't cry. Don't cry.
feeling sorry for me ?
We totally need to have in studio…Their debut release is only 4 tracks, but it rules anyway. Kickin' female-fronted rock!
I'm sorry if I don't hit anyone up this week. Finishing up homework and studying for finals will take up all my time till Thursday :)
i dont even like my avi at all. i just love my swimsuit.
Happy Hour all day today! Stop on by, Gary's bartending!
You always have enough to do the will of God today.
Congrats Adam Sadilek, Henry Kautz, ! Best Paper Candidate "Finding Your Friends & Following Them to Where You Are" via
Happy mothers day to all the mamas out there, yall are amazing!!
We start with the dummy and learn from our mistakes and now Dwight knows, not to cut the face off a real person.
I find it very unsettling when I find myself agreeing w him too.
N @ at AL smiles
What campus do you attend?
Well Chinatown, because things didn't work out so well last week were bringing the love today!! Were in front of city sports, opening at 11
this account settings are screwed up so i made a new one
Annual Asthma and Allergy Conference set for Tuesday - Altoona Mirror
It Aint Over Until The Sexy Nigga Tweets.
I hope everyone has had a blessed day! Black Friday will not see me so good luck to all of you going to hunt for your deals. :) xo
Shush, we're having a #Prada moment!
Yes, Thank you.
Sh!t I dropped my ice cream
Um, let's not push it. I'm a redhead and everyone knows they bring bad luck! :)
if it's not the same melody I'd think it would be fine.
wtf... i missed him! i didnt know he was here gahhhh
just cuz she look real good don't mean she is everything look good ant good
RT : #D2L11 #FUSION #BM congrats #HBS (Harvard Business School) for #D2L Desire2Excel R&D award (via )
National Executive Police Research Association states that felony domestic violence has increased 40% over the past 2 years. -JDG
Are there snakes on the mother effing plane?!
Wendy Chun: spam as involuntary phaticity
Cancun, cannot wait. What about you?
the 3 of us need to write again!
Enjoy authentic Greek Cuisine in the fabulous restaurants on our famous Sponge Docks!
They are also a great incentive with coffee if you're not a morning person! Wake up and yum! Reward! ;)
I wish I was going with your fly ass! Have the time of your life :)
that was a sensational story today. Important.
we West Brom scores! Now come on Newcastle. Rooting for my boy And hoping Liverpool ends w/ a win.
Perfect boys only exist in books.
it keeps garbage men working so they can buy tacos for their families.
Sorry honey...be well and will hope to give you a hug soon!
Why do I always end up falling for men who live forever away?
But my salary as a high school administrator is tough to give up.
#Spinners running away with it, up 24-14 with under a minute left
exactly as it should be. refreshing.
Want 2 be the best boyfriend/girlfriend/employee/any-relationship ever? The greatest thing you can do for anyone is “before you were asked."
Ran 20 miles with - My legs are killing me, lækkert!!
Steve Novak has eight 3's and Carmelo has 10 assists. Best 1-2 punch in the league?
updating from gmail!
I kept going out last year hoping it would get bigger but never did. It actually looked the same as always to me.
Its Cold As Hell Out Side- DAMN!!!
I just googled myself so hard pages starting coming up in foreign languages.
Stop by CyberMaryland booth 226 at RSA to meet execs from Tech Guard, Lookingglass, KoolSpan & Lockheed Martin.
Have you done your Spring Cleaning yet?
lol oh ok
Nope, no RSVP necessary. Look forward to seeing you at Rocket Bar!
At this rate in 2 weeks the only words left on Draw Something will be Nike, KFC and tebowing.
you too! I really appreciated your comments on the film.
Yes, the road would be great. The road from cap Haitien to Milot is supposedly the best in Haiti
#ilovemyfriendsbecause even if they don't understand me, they still try to understand <3
no idea hahaha
LOLOL - bed for me, 4AM comes early...and I am OLD. Don't stay up too late! Good luck on your final Amanda!
My back hurts so bad. Wtf did I sleep on?
Thanks for the mention!
hitting disney today!!
i was such a badass in my dream last night, crashed a car, broke into an apartment. remembering dreams now for the first time since forever.
What's happening in NOLA: Bob Dylan and Leon Russell rocked the Lakefront Arena ttp://ow.ly/5P5S7
Purple or blue
Latest: Will be a guest on the #golf radio show discussing CelebritySpouses.net #social networking. Super Bowl Sunday at 7p
If I cant do it then it cant be done
Amazing shoot involving 100 people and an enormous gantry crane today.
When someone is used to bein abused,that's all they know how to give in return.Yea & you started "loving" me right.That wasn't love u showed
who are u picking as the winner in tonights game?
zima that is a blast from the past... Do they still sell that swill?
thanks for the RT
Photoshoot went well but miss LA and Tuesdays at Kibitz with Jodes and Lisa. Today..phone calls and catching up on other stuff...
Amazing night it turned out to be. Visit from Jacob at 11:30 to tell me happy valentines day n give me roses I love him <3
I wish you the best It's been great working with you
Any Columbus peeps need tickets for with on 11/11 hit me up!
Uh sure.
THANKS BRO, APPRECIATE IT
I am so proud to have earned the endorsement of the California Nurses Association and the Asian Pacific Islander Legislative Caucus
I need a cuddle buddy for most nights :/
South Alabama takes the lead with Fowler's three-run homer over the right field for a 3-1 lead over ULL.
The moon. The 51st State.
props to you i guess! :D
Text me back!
Give her a book gift!
LOL! #WeAllHaveTried not to look when a person's bum is showing coz they're jeans are too low.
The good or ill of a man lies within his own will. – Epictetus
ha! i'm a native northern californian, so my favorite color is green, of course.
According to , Clay Buchholz has now allowed more home runs (10) than the entire Nationals pitching staff (9) in 2012
yes, me too!
Is there any better mother-daughter bonding than shopping?
well, I've got bad news for you. We sit next to each other in the office too.
TURTLE TURTLE!
hey fuck face. You can send me the pictures now.
Using Data To Better Understand Tablet Consumer Behavior
no. Build it.
Hey, you guys should tell your friends about us!
I want to come up with some crazy puzzle for DnD, but nothing's coming to mind. It's a tricky one.
If the coyotes win tonight I'm gonna have to borrow one of guns so I can go into the woods and personally slay a real coyote
Have you connected with others on www.knowledgesafari.com yet? #specialneeds #autism Great #giveaway today too!
hey girl hey!
You both are going to have a blast. Congratulations buddy!
Thanks for the retweet!
Next relationship I get in...its goin to be so lowkey no one goin to know about it but me and him
bring your love, baby, i can bring my shame bring the drugs, baby, i can bring my pain
lol are you at school ?
Buy the new book by Sara Daniels, Pieces of the Sky in paperback or Kindle on Amazon and add me on twitter
"The Boss" by Rick Ross "Umma Do Me" by Rocko "I Spend It"by Chainz, "I'm a Boss Remix" by Meek Mills
Before a fight people usually, size one another up and try to dominate psychologically. Do you know how to posture yourself to diffuse it?
EVERY FRIDAY FOR 2 YEARS NOW I AM TRYING TO GET YOU TO FOLLOW ME <333333 please make it this one special ;*
"Useless" RT 147 years ago today J. Wilkes Booth was put down like the scurrilous dog he was. R not IP, scum.
thought u was goin to sleep
He's a German dude if I remember. It's probably because his work looks like the future architecture we were promised as children.
I haven't read it yet....hard when your in South Korea and can't see it...we get very limited magazines over here.....
iight im free this week jus 4 u ha
happy birthday justin I love you!
Im doing great. will be heading out for work soon though :( lol
Nice. That's what's up.
#ff is the fig in the twitterverse?
Not what we say about our blessing, but how we use them is the true measure of our thanksgiving. ~W.T. Purkiser
#Pacers close out the #Magic! Bring on the #Knicks!!!
Really digging Justified. On the finale of S1 right now. Love me some Walton Goggins.
I miss my cousin /:
I love being in that mood where everything is hilarious.
Ha(: #schoolisCool pretty please follow
The best audience is intelligent, well-educated, and a little drunk.
well I need 2 do that bc they got me so far 4 $800 in 4 months! For 1 phone!
and I have the knees of a 70 year old.
Be an ~ exemplar ~ so says that Mike Rose.
I just want to tell you that you dont have to worry about me, i'll be fine, being belimic isnt that bad.
Only b/c you know he's in an 8-team league with us and we won't have to worry about him.
“: 6 days until Spring concert #whoseexcited” "Whose excited"? You disappoint me, alma mater...
That's a wrap for Honeycutt on #Eden. Back to Plain for more fun on #ThisIsOurs! tiofilm.com
RT if you "MISS" or "LOVE" someone right now.”
Huddlestone gets it right back. #Spurs score to close the gap to 1.
Ha! I like Aksana. That was cool
Oh? No, I didn't. (Transitions are excellent times for soc. media, says he who hasn't updated his LinkedIn page despite job change.)
working with me all day....
shout out to true musicians who make sense when they speak not wack artist who say anything on beats
Part two of publishers meeting with and Horton.
is outraged that the BPL wants to close 8-10 branch libraries to save money! Get the message out-- save your local libraries!
Same here!
They are filming a movie in Pittsburgh that too far from my old neighborhood.
Awesome night with my Dim Mak family.
AT&T Now Accepting Lumia 900 Pre-Orders - big news!
I actually llol'd at "..and we gotta clean up first" hahaha you're stoopid for that one
is finally here
It is better to risk saving a guilty man than to condemn an innocent one.
Saw #ThinkLikeAMan today, it was hilarious
House of Delegates planning Saturday session.
GM, #ThankuLord for giving me a beautiful son. Grateful for having a wonderful Mother who <U+2764>'s me dearly! Happy Mothers Day ladies...njoy<U+263A>
stop mentions
This magnificent and universal injunction to strive for the attainment of the perfection of divinity is the first duty of all ..."
Being 6 foot tall I loathe platforms! But love a high- ish 3 inch heel..the most flattering. Flats OK ..bit boring though
Thanks for the reply. But what if you joined Twitter first and then launched your business? What if any would you do different?
All the girls in the world are SPECIAL!<U+2665>
It is good to dream, but it is better to dream and work. Faith is mighty, but action with faith is mightier. -Thomas Robert Gaines
thanks for the shout-out!
#20ThingsAboutMe; 17. I don't agree with the homosexual lifestyle, but I wouldn't call any gays out as long as they're not hitting on me.
Exactly six months from now Barack Obama will be re-elected as President of the United States.
Sunday 5/20 #DC free SOS #spiritual program: TRUE #PRAYER, & #meditation, #vegetarian dinner 4PM Seekers Church (back) 276 Carroll St
RT : As you breath right now, another person takes their last. So stop complaining and learn to live your life with what you got.
Stupid parkway construction
2012 is coming!! I remember 2007 when I started high school.
Spelling a word so wrong that spell check can't even figure it out. (:
Thanks Marilyn!
Hello Beautiful!
TEXT ME
TOUCH DOWN!!!!!! in your face :P lol
noo no no i need to wake up and get to school, are you going to bed?? right noww???
Use qpons for your biz? Let is put them on our app! We provide redemption reports, quantity limitation & create offers with no lead times!
Fantasy Football can cost you your job! Check it out bigdaddysports.blogspot.com
What tournaments/games would you like to see hosted in Vancouver USA?
My works bathrooms always smell like fresh shit..
Just realized that May is going to be a terrifying month. Eek!
Get me through this day so I can massacre a Bone-In Filet Mignon tonight. Drool.
what kind you getting?
It's vintage :) LOL
Akamai Releases Fourth Quarter 2011 'State of the Internet' Report - MarketWatch (press release)
omg... you cant just talk about me like that on twitter... at least DM message me lol. jk
Missed Your Tweet But Ok
Agree RT : 400 degrees is an american classic.
fine arts cafe for the first time...
#thingsigetalot Are you Kobe Bryant? Do you Do palates? How old is your Dog? You're one handsome sun of a gun!!! etc.
but you don't hear me thi!
A whole feast of character posters for The Expendables 2 - Flickering Myth (blog)
Are you in Eugene supporting Lobo football?
Props on that deal man
good one!
Happy as Hell i have 38 more hrs to go before i graduate omfg. The end is near...i swear you can't tell me shit when i got my education!
iron man good looks
Samosas with dijon mustard & frank's red hot sauce. So international & high brow! <3
Bob Marotto from Orange Co (NC) has community s/n program. $35K annual fund mostly from differential pet licencing fees.
Marquez is making it a fight!
Santorum 16%, Gingrich 14% of the GOP Iowa poll. I guess people prefer fascists over fatasses.
yeah their pretty good :-)
any relation?
thank u for hooking me up with new album. It's dope!! Best of luck :)
Whitney Houston, RIP Angel.
Good morning, all. Hope your Friday goes well.
STOP! He clearly bumped him. Move on.
Howw? Just Type In My Email As The Number?
Thanks for the RT Elaine!
: Pain makes you stronger. Tears makes you braver. Heartbreak makes you wiser. So thank the past for a better future.
he's pretty classy, that way
Ugh. I hate girls, too. No. Gender isn't important. I hate people.
Yes, we regularly screen The Life and Times of Harvey Milk for our documentary students.
I loathe the Boston Celtics.
thanks for coming to last night!
Thank u and will do!
Congratulations to the new Miss America 2010 Caressa Cameron! www.pageantcenter.com/miss_america_articles.html
Somebody fucking hacked my page.
lmao and something about a fairy
RT : RT : First step in a crisis: Acknowledge that there is one... #smss12 (enlightening!)
i RTed-can u? We help the mentally disabled get jobs &stay independent
“: oh fucking skittles” be careful out there with those
Would you like to work from home? To help pets? To help people? www.PeoplePlanetPetsBiz.com
Great idea. Good business opportunity for a bike-friendly city like Boise.
saw dr pants in the gazette! WOOT!
better be ;)
For anyone who ridiculed J Simps for being "too pregnant" try to deliver a 9.13 lb baby.Wow.Only about 5 lbs less than I had w/ triplets
ignore last tweet. No bar will bend for us on a Fri at prime time. Still, do what works & folks who can will follow.
You have never told me that before?
Exactly. At the mall all I see are 10 year olds with those
I'm OFFICIALLY a senior. Damn, time flys...BTW: #dirtywork. ;)
Regret the past, fear the future, but never, ever live in the present. Tomorrow here I come.
Thank you, its ok :-/
do pickles even come in cans? Last time my dog opened pickles, it was a jar....
No, its religion because it's a belief system and not one based in facts. For the past 50yrs we've been sold a bill of goods.
Have we told you lately that we love you? No? Well guess what . . . WE DO!
U got to love Bobby V on Youk "I don't think he's as physically or emotionally into the game" Is he the straw that stirs the drink?
If I came down with Ashleigh I may have done the same thing ha!
Unless your nickname is "PEG," they didn't even acknowledge your existence.
and I are teaching Fr Frank Twitter right during our meeting.
Riding with the windows down, fucking freezing
Thx for the follow Madison Daily!
Its only takes one to put you on the right course don't be blinded... Play hard mi frenzy... Play hard!!! <3<3<3
all good here wall to wall on all links
yeah i got cho. I can 2morrow nd friday if you need me too
If you're gonna die, die with your boots on
throbbing techno and 18 tables of poker while listening to
Practical IA (Donna Spencer); Subject to Change (Peter Merholz et al.); Content Strategy at Work (Margot Bloomstein)
sexting-blood on the dance floor is the first song i manage to listen to this morning wow just wow
I'm LEAVING NOW INPATIENT!!!!
Angel get ready to push<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Damn right they do
that picture was a year ago! ha ha no worries :)
u need a hit stone massage this weekend. Got any time available?
Welcome to a new month of unknown #adventure & exciting discoveries not yet found. Crack open a #book to start some of those adventures now.
This weekend is ! Come out and see some awesome bands. We play day 2, April 15th. WHO'S COMING?!
I just cried. Omg. I love it and i love uu!!!! Justinn
It is a happy chance if we, changing, continue to love a changed person
Thanks for not condemning my smirk and eye roll. I think my point is: Sometimes this technology makes me feel like such a geezer
Wrestling is fun! Especially when its with your boyfriend!!!(:<33
So people should vote against someone just because you say so without analyzing the situation?
im a twitter whore
So ultimately it was Iona over UW. Brutal.
HEAVY FLORIST @ PICAFLOR. U should be here too....
You should come try a crossfit workout! Call us and mention "Twitter" and your first workout will be free!!! :)
Following makes my early morning all worth it.
cuz he had to get got
We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing.-Oliver Wendell Holmes
where ya going?
I need the proof not promises :)
Would love to win a bag that was featured on the lovely blog!
Congrats to in her ultramarathon! You are incredible!
Itz Da Drought I Welcome, Have Fun!
Yeah! The Blessing of being a Doctor!
Chili is not something you wanna make for your girl. It won't be pretty later.
it's go happen ... Heat excuse will be that Bosh was hurt. Which is valid because they need Bosh ..
"TELL YA FRIENDS"NO4 ft DMX,& DANI STEVENSON PRODUCED BY 3X GRAMMY WINNER DEEZLE.ON ITUNES NOW.VIDEO ON YOUTUBE
"bean" there myself this wk! Now I have 2 make like a banana & split
Advantage Of Being A Woman: We never have to reach down every so often to make sure our privates are still there.
How the heck are you?!
They will know us [Christ Followers] by our LOVE. John 13:35
Why? It's a statement piece RT : Thinking I should remove my press-on pig tattoo from before meetings this morning.
Boys boys boys.
"Programmers are tools for converting caffeine into code."
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest. - Benjamin Franklin
I make it my ultimate goal in life to learn how to make a gif image.
Q4: I think I might run Essential Questions, POV, or controversial topics would all work well.
Aww thanks honey you are too! And you made my day! (: <33
lebron won mvp!? so hes gonna win mvp for doin the same thing he did for the cavs in miami? ok...so its a consistency award??
in bed. chillin.
Off to Geneva, OH for the "Unrest in the Midwest" stoner rock festival! We're looking forward to see the #LTDArmy out in force!
Advertising is the perfect sludge for movies and TV series. Why so many damn lawyer shows?
Photoshop, perhaps?
I love Seriously.
Without action from Congress, student loan interest rates will double -- costing $2,800 per student in interest alone!
Bro please do a "shit white gay boys day" video, that would be hilarious.
Going to talk about sprouts/sprouting this week at Toastmasters :) where you working?
Thank you. I have not had one in years. In those years, I've been asked for one about 3 times.
Oh man. Didn't want to get into this tonight. BUT, someone is WRONG on the internet. I guess it's my duty to set them straight!
Talking to my friend in Indiana
I'm not really living my life so much as I am keyboard short-cutting my way through it.
I love my Husband ;-)
I plan to be a Penguin keeper when I get out of high school! I love watching these little fellas!
F-16s escorted a flight today after a passenger was reported as "suspicious" for staying too long in the bathroom. [Punchline here.]
Sorry man. I'm really not the asshole I tweet I am. Are you in on poker night?
Thanks! Not to bad yourself over there at 2 point :)
I want a best friend like Billy in Jane By Design.. Now.
good point!
aww awesome! Why did you not take me with you-lol have a great time!
I tell her meet me in the bathroom, I fuck ha while the water running.
Heaven = wild rumpus. Hell = movie adaptation of wild rumpus on endless loop
Thanks, I will! First I have to finish another book about the first all-teen expedition to Everest.
#MyLastWordsWillBe Tell Austin Mahone I love him.
Good morning everyone!!! Have a great day:)
Miseducation of the Negro by the Negros. Degrees laced but you're no hero. Children illiterate w/perfect attendance. Start eager end menace.
Our gang will be heading to not sure what time.
the last time I leave the computer up for an intern to hack my account. HAHAHAHAHA
oh okay .ty
did he really just kiss my forehead? my plans for being in a bad mood all day just ended. dammit.
I wanna go to.Atlanta
Very quick skim suggests judge fair-use friendly, esp. when only 1 chapter (or 10% of book) used. See stream for highlights.
I'm about to be so sad.
I will not watching that show. I love myself too much! lol
A lower budget doesn't have to mean lower quality.
sitting in the car with mom listening to 1D i love them <3
you can't suck me back in to that account! i'm going to be over here now.
wait, i'll call you on there in like 15 minutes i need food. (:
Paul Simon and I are cleaning the office. He's mostly just singing, but that's fine...he doesn't know my filing system.
This fog reminds me of a scary movie. Def hiding under the covers tonight
You guys r awesome! ;-) Luvya
Problem: running out of books. Many of them are int he public domain
It was the weirdest thing. The lights were flickering and everything was shaking.
you direct videos too??
Don't be cruel.
Its one of those Mondays; I feel my job title should be "Research Lackey".
Oops, tweeted too soon! Her data doesn't back up the hypothesis. That's Twitter for you...
cheer up, butter cup. Could be worse. Not sure how, but I've heard others say it.
Scared money dnt make money
who designed this dress ?
hahaha no, it's not the medicine. I'm just being a pest. :P ! I know you're busy but one more chance to answer or
who are all having their assistants screen their calls..."Nothing from Massachusetts!"
sure! If you follow back :)
go add ur hubby
Did you announce the winner of the tickets for the Bruce show at the Apollo? Hoping my brother wins and will take me!
oh i bet! i haven't seen it, just went last week for song 1 (the outdoor projection by doug aitken).
"Sneakers" as a preInternet computer heist flick. Machine presence way > mysterious than grl w/ dragon tattoo research scenes.
Come join us at Good To Go.com as well as on Twitter...
Enduring the last minute of Glee for New Girl :(
:Definitely didn't just trek across campus to get #twitterlesscaits car and she forgets her freaking car keys
The odds of an NBA season happening are now about equal with the possibility of a LeBron championship. or winning 5k
I haven't talked to you in a long timee :(
you always look beautiful on the red carpet!
PB in San Diego is Incubus covers, flip flops, and shorts and the bar. Sloppy.
I just have a fun ass night :)
Mumble mumble sob technology
I know EXACTLY how you feel
If you have spotify, check out disney's greatest hits. Volume 1, 2, and 3
Smh spam tweets
Have some class.
Make that 2 of us... RT I'll let you know, if I had a station, I'd hire you. I'd fire somebody to hire you.
Ugh first day of school tomorrow.I really don't want to go back.
i dont see any mistake?
Yeah! I won an audiobook from 's 12 Days of Giveaways!
any babies there with #bees !?
my mom did not control her diabetes. Good for your mil. :-)
Best ever name of a Derby winner
Someday, you'll realize how much you cared about her and how amazing she was. But, she'll already be with the guy who always knew.
Ur girls are twins too? Haha coincidence? Not
Natalie on Today used "pier pressure"...prom splash makes national news! On Wisconsin:-)
Wait you guys it's only 630 pm?? Not am?? We still have the whole night ahead of us!
Wonder if got here and thinks it snows all the time. From sunny Colombia to the northwest. Weather shock.
So, how was your week? ~ Jake
How do you get rid of shin splints???
Sorrow by Flyleaf makes me miss the days. 2008 <3
Check out this great Diamond League #terran versus #terran Game between qxc and msv
Not the BEST day for the zoo but it's ok. I can't wait until I'm living right there so I can just go whenever!
He started it lol RT : knock it off you two!! ;)
Imagine a Mt.Dew flavored coffee.
All the scrap wood we have is either too heavy or would need too much sanding.
share your best memory with us from the weekend!! @ reply us and let us know!!
free $20 gift card with jewelry purchase of $150 or more. see guest services for details. hurry!... only while supplies last!
You never realize how much what you say or do can affect another person.
THANK YOU! had someone show up in khakis and a short sleeve polo for a business professional dress interview! ugh.
I'm gunna be completly honest shawn K's new mixtape is actually pretty good
"Exit, chased by a bear." LOL. Charming write up.
Must be the weather, but I woke up (and got outside) with a distinct feeling I was in Paris this morning.
lol. i like how in your life you can only smoke or eat meat seperately. you cant have both in your life at once!
you there now?
I'm not forever alone.... I'm forever available ;)
Participated in a panel discussion on branding - talked a lot about social media. Thanks Jeff Cunningham of FoltzMartin and Echo11
guess what anthem they're singing?
Lost our championship :( but it was a close game 25-21 :(
Im mad Grandview Get Out Today !
who's going to #amia11 ?
Finally off to the Apple Store. =\ now my phone battery low
Rick Hendrick has a great big smile- 200th Sprint Cup win for
#SometimesYouHaveTo ...push hard to get me angry, but when I'm in that realm the chances of me doing bitches the fuck in are fairly high...
got me a 18 pack of some
when was it disabled?
Hm, can't say I know the answer to that one. Anyone? RT : Where can I get GREEN OLIVES on the campus?????
Questioning everything. Accomplishing nothing. This has to stop.
Of course the day I get to sleep in is the day it rains INSANELY loud and wakes me up even earlier than I usually have to wake up for work..
If your best friend(s) know more/just as much as you man or woman , there's obviously something that needs to be fixed. Know who comes first
Thats good because i was just sitting here at work thinking of you :)
I am not you
where da purple at
is working on anti-phishing awareness.
yeap...i thought you know that.
BRAINSTORM BRAINSTORM
badgermaniac? Both are as skilled and both are more athletic
Blessings all day! Hope tomorrow is the same! Prepared for this job search in the am.
Not enough cookies tho
gettin the keys in about 30min, but moving most of my stuff in on Monday...so pumped!
do you when it is Austream? I always miss it :(
I bought you a drink and everything, that sealed the deal...LOL!!!
RT WR Pierre Garcon signed 5-year, $42.5M deal with Redskins that includes $21 million in guarantees, according to league source.
TONIGHT WERE GONNA BE AT BROADWAY BAR !!! $1.75 BUD LIGHT ALL NIGHT IN THE MIX 21+ ONLY !!! RELAXED DRESSCODE
The server is up now! Something happened to the map server that made it crash, the issue is being investigated.
horrible, it was a terrible day...
It's Wednesday so you know what that means - Happy Hump Day New Friends!! Make it count! :-)
Gentleman, help seat the oldest lady first at the table. #DID2012 etiquette training
If there was a toolkit that let you use JavaScript and CSS to build and style apps but that wasn't based on WebKit, that'd be something.
CHEEKY! i miss talking to you:(
I have to go one more night till I can be with Oakley. Come on, now.
We open at 11am today to enjoy this fantastic day!! Patio open!! Lots of sports!!
let's go!
I want to buy you a stuffed snake and name it Clark;)
Few analysts would agree that a reformed poor-relief tradition qualifies as a welfare state commitment.
The #blazers TV trivia question of the night involved #Thabeet. An even better question might be WHY ISN'T HE PLAYING!?
#Diversity RT : In any organizing work you do acknowledge people 4 who they are, not for their adversities.
oh my goodness goodness >^••^< so cute :-)
Customer feedback on our Take Home BBQ: "Best Beef Brisket and Ribs I have ever Had!"
Love you, girl. <3
thanks 4 the concern it means a lil something lol j/k
Forget #Kony2012, let's make #GeorgeZimmerman famous!!! Who is #GeorgeZimmerman!!!! #Zimmerman2012 Let's get this trending_Retweet Please!!
Don't look too far into it..she's probably a tease...
Dominique Lane leads off for King by boarding on Churchill's fourth error.
I think got it half right last night. GOP don't think there isn't a gender pay disparity, they just blame women.
Why did they make us carry our books??
Does anyone else really loathe that jacket Patrick Kane is wearing in the Peggy commercial? I cringe every time!
Missouri House endorses standards for yellow lights
always a great feeling after leaving an awesome, productive meeting. An exciting project to come!
I cant stand people
Lauren and I plan on jumping off of a cliff holding our anatomy text book.
death cab for cutie? plans album thank me later
Billing & surfing the net
I start with the premise that the function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers - Ralph Nader
check out for some yummy social media consultancy. i love the imagery ;)
School Password?
why thank you <U+E418>
Ahh that's awesome! Which one are you doing?
u smile i smile baby u should pick me cause you don't have to say love me i already do say it only one time to never say never
u need a picture
but just for this we have 6 quizzes starting from quiz 4
Two more hours
sweet - drink some lulo to celebrate.
11 and 13: certainly old enough to tag art. Plenty of opportunities to do that, coming their way soon.
i feel like blasting #ACDC, busting out my air guitar and going nuts in the middle of this boring dead quiet library.
It's not too early to get your system inspected for Fall's cool weather!
sure! Sorry havent been on for a while!
S/O TO THE #WHOLETEAM GO FOLLOW THEM ASAP!!!
Keratin treatment this morning (my first!!!) and then going to Fernbank for Geology project. Thankful for the day off work. Happy Friday!
Baseball is officially here! RT : If Gerry Davis calls more strikes than balls he will be curb stomped & thrown in the East River
Cathy I should've said hi! You may have been able to get my cookies in the door.. Lmao.
A consumer might want to buy an advertiser's product they saw advertised a piece on flyer printing, but may not find it in the store
The key to successful karaoke: It's not what you want, it's what the crowd wants.
He did score....on himself!
perfect... Let me know your bib too!
Accomplished the hardest thing I have ever had to do today.
One more fucking love song I'll be sick
You were meant to be in the Flash talk section but have 20 mins. So....no need to cut it shorter!
works for me :)
i would say YES of course and then hopefully we would be together for a long time :)
“Susie Sexpert” () is the cofounder of the first women’s sex magazine. We talked to her about her new memoir:...
Let's go Chicago Bulls WE GOT THEM!!!:)<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><U+2764>
Today was quite interesting ;)
you told me i was the most amazing person ever... the u told my step brother he was.
NIGGA I FOLLOWED YOU BACK ON DA STRENGTH..IT AINT DAT SERIOUS!!!
sounds like a great payday!!! Wow awsome!!! #getajobhunny!!
I tripped my cat. I feel bad now.
Oh well. It would have been funny if our paths crossed yet again in another state. Another time!
3. Other people still believe that if male survivors are acknowledged, then female survivors will magically suffer.
yes, it will be worth the money this year for sure...solid card...good booking...better talent
Thanks, Britt!
St. Patty's Day is quickly approaching! What are your plans?
Yeah. I have just really completely had it today. This month is terrible. I need to learn more languages.
To all fans of rap, u should listen to stuff that has real instruments in the music, that is all
I love it! No more spinning my wheels! Back to the grind!
i love all of your tweets!!!!!!!!
I haven't tweeted for a while sorry about that <U+E409>
Having my students as "guest teachers" has been awesome. Totally intrinsically motivated. Next up, a young man teaching about Sikh.
Next week we hit the studio to record our Self titled debut ! Get stoked and keep up with our facebook for more awesomeness to come:)
just made me want mexican food now!!
To cooper hall we go!!!
May 23rd. So close and yet so far away.
Omg Basketball Wives lmao
Hour and a half in the car and less than 13 miles. Going to be late to my own event.
Crow-- OA is a design challenge. Must presume we want all knowledge to be OA. Knowledge would be as accessible as sunlight.
Hahaha,You are so right~!
That was the right choice for a finale 2.
When you give a chick a Rusty Nail, are you handing her old construction materials?
If you want to make the world a better place, take a look at yourself then make that change….MJ Shine On Brother!
Yes sir. Lemme get my sit-ups on.
Need a business plan? Email us at
I felt him when he squeezed me I just wanna feel him deep inside my love now
looks like your looking at a pigeons ass lolol
Stop in for a slice of Sunshine Cake to brighten your day!
Like I said before...mother nature rages the hardest...and I'm stranded at noodles because she likes to party.
Almost primary day in Indiana...
he seems like a cool guy to me ;))
That's so cool! Go Bella!
Lovie Smith is such a bad talent evaluator he may be responsible for that Hardin pick smh
If this nigga try to peace me I'm a snap on em, lol.
PLEEEEEEEAAAASE mention the hard working team in Travail Employment Group - Newark - we love you!
Starting a new pilot project with LEP charter school. Bridging the generations through Art! Details to follow!
A big FU to the NFL for chasing down #Greg_Punzo and ruining a Colorado Packer fan's afternoon of football!!
RT Hold up. Every woman have normal vaginal discharge!!!!!!!!!! If not. Then you need to get check
Good morning:-) off to work, hopefully today goes smooth
what it is?
Just got added to the Larry and his Flask bill May 31st at the Alley. We're stoked!
O! I swear I am so fucking mad! :'( this is so dumb ;'((
Do you have more information about the two claims #OccupyLA has against the city?
well you're sick
she did the same thing again lol
Reason # 1029 to move back to NYC: Jil Sander's collaboration with Uniqlo +J launches in stores tomorrow. #jilsander #uniqlo #h&m
please remind me what your major is.
iv seen it before but been a while since I saw it
thank you Donna for the mention. :0)
Responded to FIRE @ 47 Furman Ave, , NY . Red Cross auto update.
Still can't believe school got out today
The Capital Groups Companies are looking to hire now! In administrative assistance, sals and customer service. Be sure to visit!
Volunteer registration at New Way Fellowship Baptist Church.
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one
Hold up. Wait... Marvin Winans was on linwood with a $40,000 rolex?! He's brave.
Today's Birthdays: Boxing Hall-of-Famer Sugar Ray Leonard is 56. Actor-comedian Bob Saget is 56. Sports announcer Jim Nantz is 53.
In the audience of tomorrow with ... needless to say, I'm beyond excited
Taylor your my favorite singer please follow....i love your videos on YouTube taylorswift
Northern Brewer Milwaukee will be closed on Easter Sunday. Stop by today or tomorrow for all this weekend's brewing needs!
It seems so scary. This year went way too fast.
Oovoo mobile isn't letting me sign on, WTF?
Lots of great new items in the store - well, not new new......
stick your chest out #BeProud #Cheers gon do numbaz!!!
Good deal, I'm glad to hear things are okay :)
Great pic! Thanks for the support!
I need love...NOW..
Since the mind and body are connected, you use an amazing amount of muscles when you laugh."
My momma said fuk it ni99a hit the streets and live
FEELS GOOD 2 KNOW THAT I HAVE BEEN PART OF #MYWORLDTOUR !! <U+2665> I LOVE YOU THANKS SO MUCH !!!
the files are too big for me to send . . . Breeze pose to pick them up sometime
Bitch You Wasnt Wit Me On Stage Doin Shows
Thy say that all ur old girls got sumbody new i say damn really? Even Rosemarie Even Leane sealy They said fug'n rite thy were the 1st 2 go
About to watch the Baylor-Stanford semi-final. After that, I'm going to watch "The Help" on DVD.
thank yoouuu!!! It's been a while! Hope you're good!! xo
It'd be great to catch up as well in Victoria! Looking forward.
SUSPENDER DANCE. Oh, Gravy. I love Math Class.
I mean i really don't .. this has got to stop!
you've always been my favorite
Isn't it great when you get a great deal on a GREAT bestselling author like !Thanks for the tweet!
- I WANT A Bf , But Mfs Unfaithful ;/
Thanks for having us, Milwaukee! Hope you will catch us when we launch weekly next month.
#oomf I still think its hilarious how stupid you are haha it really made my day making you look like a fool xD
Have you tried #kiddori yet? It's a quick download away on your #iPhone or #WindowsPhone ....or both. ;-)
Bryan Clemmons collects 2nd hit, Derek Ferch scores his 2nd run and Spalding has come back to take 3-2 lead over So. Virginia in B5.
Budget cuts can destroy parks programs - Speak Up for your community!
Robert's watching Madeleine on Netflix
thank you, , as always. And that was one my ultimate #foodporn experiences for sure.
HOPE YOU'RE ENJOYING YOUR TIME WITH WHOEVER "ESPECIALLY YOU ;) x x x x" IS, BRO.
hehe, I am off today! In boston for a wedding.
What do YOU think?
I still haven't been out there yet. Been meaning to go forever.
I will try to be informative with my tweets. Thank for following.
-- Never gonna happen ...
I feel most of the popularity comes from the idea that this film was 5 years in the making. It's also kind of unheard of.
What up world!! I'm out here with that sundress, flip flops, and stunna shades, are u???
Maine's statewide book club has begun! We're reading TR Reid's The Healing of America - visit www.getbettermaine.org/bookclub to sign up!
Oh my god, im so getting a pug when im older! :)
I can't play wit ya'll no more...nite nite! Lol
Ready to fail with
oh okayy no ill check my phone now,. chankss :))
they look really cool. are they as powerful as a box fan? how loud are they?
"Urinetown" last show! Fun times :)
Go insane , go insane , Throw some glitter make it rain <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Big day of VSM !
any advice for a monster who wants to become famous? <3 love you!
Key words: "for the offense." Not all offenses are relevant. Some are relevant but aren't listed.
please RT 4 HS girls in Phoenix! We'll be holding our annual prom fair Feb 25! Gowns just $5! More details mypromdress.org
we won't live in a truly post-racial society until I can get my teeth blackened at the dentist
never tell another nigga suk my dick cuz the game im n nigga punkz run it!!!! Sk8terBoi -- ITS MY MY MY MY MY LIIIIIIIFFFFFFEEEEEE!!!!
Amazed at the awesome response by #Baltimore #DOT re: people driving in the bike lane on Walther Ave. Thanks! cc:
Nah my seats were nosebleeds so my blackberry didn't capture any brilliant pics, but it was still amazing haha
it was in response to your tweet about socks. And I'm always serious. And always not serious.
2 in now, keep the checkouts high.
tired! What did that text about hurricane mean??
I've only been here a week, but it seems like a month.....UGH
good! Vet called around 12. Just waiting for the call to go pick him up! Only 1 extraction, yippee. Gel injections into pockets
Yesterday I was called to pursue my career as an actor. I'm still dying inside
At family #thanksgiving. Just found out my great-grandfather was a socialist. Explains a lot.
I feel like art supply store are disappearing fast ...what's up with that!!
I've learned what feature films are at the IMAX theaters from your Twitter feed.
there's an unusual amount of unsigned rap artists in my apartment building, yo
Fixed ereaders in the library is a possibility
much better, carry on.
Yelled at my mom yu deserve it!!!!! (Future voice)
Gift cards are the number one last minute gift-but there still time to make it thoughtful.Give gift cards with a personal ornament
I totally love them. I was being silly serious. I totes have a crush on that one called Zayn.
RT : My grams is to clutch finding spare grills nd shit < lets fuckin go.
Anyone know what movie is being filmed on Ashland and Division in #Chicago?
Where do you do the majority of your running ?
Came out of expo to wind and rain. Now on blue line heading back to car. Back on Sat and Sun.
No I do too :) Happy Sunday.
Do you remember me from Bennington? We're both teaching for The Writer's Center fiction intensive. Congrats on your book!
went home to long island today for easter
I MEAN IF THEY WOULD HAVE REPLACED THEM WITH ANYONE OTHER THAN MCR I WANTED A REFUND EVEN IF IT WAS ATL THAT'S SO NOT COOL OMG
needs to happen!!!
I hate teenage drama!!!
sorry not to thee; *
Thx for taking time to follow~ Look frwd to hearing more from you~
I like!
THEM BLOCKS 25 LIKE IM WINNIN WIT A PAIR OF DICES
no. Steve Nash to pacers yes
no tornado warnings :) just strong gusts and hail. No need for basements! :)
TGIF Everyone! Enjoy your weekend :)
Congrats! Yay to the young and fast growing.
Hearing 's Mixtape Of #AngelsAndGentlemen Before Bed. He's Such A Great Singer! <U+2764>
Attended Hope Chapel West Oahu for Mike and Lisa Kai's ordination. Wow! What a great church! Full of the Holy Spirit . God bless them!!
you asked
My bf is so happy when he's actually right about something and can prove me wrong #Boys #TheLittleJoysInLife He's smiling ear 2 ear
Good Morning Cannabis Community! Look for us at Hempcon - no booth but we will be there handing out some cool swag. Come find us & say HIGH!
people are lazy.
- awesome presentation on #branding at THANK YOU for talking about the value of #trademarks!!
coke or pepsi???
I know so good!!!
Sleepover with :) wish twitterless makenna coyld come too :( we'll save a donut for you
sounds like its time for you to get an iPhone... :)
you started something...
While I b watching these old black movies I notice all the Jordan's.
In Colorado for Blago's arrival to federal prison. I'll be on bright n early tomorrow morn!
That feeling of not being wanted.
Radelet: "With just a quick glance, you can see the diversity of economic growth."
Thank god for people like you are life saver and a great friend #<3
i miss u more
I miss you ugly!
For all the latest and greatest party events go visit
Ill be praying for you! Haha, tell her I said hey! :)
SNOW DAY<U+E048>
Awww, Happy New Year!!!! Ur such a blessing girl... Love u~
RT Shout out to some of our sponsors for this year: , and ! They're pumped for race day. Are you?
Fro the creators of sex and the city: Two Poor Girls
Happy New Year!
If I hear they do, I will!
Need to make more shit. Too bad me and Damien are in Panama and MJ is at home. -Big T
Disappointed. Terrible facility+judges too close to choir= incorrect results at contest. I'm writing a SCATHING letter to those in charge.
Calling Filmmakers, Movie-Lovers and Creative Media Folk, we will be hosting a One Day Film Forum on Fri Dec 10th as part of our fest
I just signed up for Twitter. Good grief.
Looking forward to heading to NYC for the weekend.
I'm sorry to here that, stop in and see us next time Abby :-)
Good morning, world!
when Zach walks on by girls be like damn he fly... Do you workout?!
Awesome. So thankful to hear it! :)
okay then. ;)
I thoroughly enjoyed this.
Wishing a Happy Mother's Day to all! Thank you for all the support, love, meals, advice, laughs & hugs today & everyday. Enjoy your day.
What a day it has been:)
RT gonna go exercise...(aka walk around my house in my new reebok easytone shoes) ;]
RT : Capacity crowd and lively discussion at #Urbanized screening. Thanks David Baker
Great set by Squeeze on #coachellalive they were before my time...but I grew up on that band. Love their music.
RT Diff. defs of 'early stage' - idea stage to co w payg customers; most: prototype stage, nd work on prod, bus mod
3 round here we come :)
I don't feel lk writing notes
RT Real friends don't get offended when you insult them.. They smile and call you something even more offensive.
I got accepted to the University of North Florida. I'm not going but it's still a nice little self confidence boost.
Free Cuba! Just do it!
One sec! restarting my computer then I WILL FOLLOW EACH AND EVERYONE OF YOU BACK.
My wife: "You're always fixing bugs. There's too many bugs in your website, this so-called 'game changer'." Oh, snap.
Siri and a Bluetooth. Though, I assume you'd rather not look like douche while doing it.
RT “: Are there people in Madison, Wisconsin who are interested in learning how to fight deportations? DM us.”
Each day is a unique opportunity!
I'm making you proud.
I keep telling u guys keep the kobe hate coming. Its what fuels him.
Florida is just one state I could NOT live in...
hadn't even thought about liquor!!!!
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]<U+2661>24
": #TrueBestfriend Fed you. Cloth you. Cleaned you. Sheltered you. Protected you. Whiped your ass.. Prayed for you. #ThanksMom"
not as clutch as "Crunchtime C" apparently
Dats why im single right now ! WORSOME ah Kids "/ hmph . & text me (:
#first40songsonshuffle 7) Girls Go Crazy-R. Kelly
sounds like a buncha quarks to me.
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (syr-2y)
"One reality, one knowledge."
~ I want a relationship, not a relationshit.
cass!! Dang it I miss you!! Get back in my life ASAP!! Miss you
ugh, I can barely keep my eyes open today... one more assignment and lots of uploading left to do before the work day ends
It's a beautiful day in the District of Columbia today. If you haven't, get out and vote!!
Hi Jason -- I wrote a Pinterest post last month for Would love to connect with you at #BWENY!
I would totally go with you if I wasn't 1000 miles away.
Really weird, yes. RT : and he worked for them and their still talking about the Saints. Awful
thanks for the shout out! Can't wait
hope your reading went well tonight! Was gonna take a quick nap and overslept :-/
thank you
Thanks for your shout out for #natgas! Hope you enjoyed your #missamerica experience!
I'm one too! But I'm speaking to people who don't know, you know?
Happy #MilwaukeeDay!!!!! Proud to be from the Mil!
Delicious burgers and beer. What more could you ask for on a Friday night at ABX?
Wicked Wednesday's Elevated Lounge. Happiest of happy hours with delcious drinks specials & tasty tapas. DJ Mike T. & DJ Hump spinnin
Young Yogis ~ happy hearts in motion ~ launching FB page. Please LIKE.
Ain't nuttin but a gangster party! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0090><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Some people think sweet talk is the same as sweetheart??.... you fools!!! Lol >.<
sounds dirty.
Basketball at JC and Racquetball at Seaton!!
I know right?
would be very interesting to see. only question would be about lighting and such a dark turf would be hot as shit.
I'm so blessed to have this phenomenal woman for my mom. She is everything that is great, beautiful, loving, and wonderful! She is my rock.
it was trying my life.
Dan Milstein, CEO of Gold Star Mortgage Financial Group will appear on ‘The Balancing Act’ on Lifetime Network Feb 29 at 7-8am et/pt.
Another rainy day in #Phoenix, have a great #Tuesday!
Something big is brewing, make sure to check back on Monday. Happy Friday! <U+2665>
no I haven't :)
I hope the Grizz have been saving the double off the pick/roll for Paul...force them to do something else. Paul can make it from 15' lol
Who grew your coffee? following Sprint's "ninja" efforst, Starbuks will engage employees in social media - edible tweets, anyone?
pain in mine. Grind on my friend.
Below freezing tonight in Boston. Frost warning in effect. Here's to spring in New England.
Justin Beiber! Its going to be a long trip LOL.
Didn't even bring a pencil for this lecture class. Guess its time for some games on the phone.
Why is it I can never lose the mitten I want to lose?
Going to be a great 2012. Everything we do is behavior. How will you behave this year to make it great?
work hard, play hard.
TODAY WAS ABSOLUTELY PERFECT!!! -____________-
Sending good juju to for her major audition today! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A4><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A4>
Unless it was the person they are protecting, they really don't care ;)
Raining pretty consistently out here in NE Portland... not heavy, but drizzling steady. Got the KATU hood on
what is wrong with you...
Conversation and phone number deleted :]
Happy 175th Birthday Michigan.
T Roll Another One Razer Blade under tung. you aint never seen this watch nigga this a one of one
Cal's D a step slow. Nothing new there. You can sense the offense getting rhythm. If D joins the party, it's a long night for Cal.
I really had fun fa my birthday
Ion want to go to work but I sign my own checks
have a safe trip!!:)<3
I feel offended this girl was have you ever had a boyfriend before and I was like yes then she said you seem more like the loner type
I should get on this more .
#schoolmemories "Hi I don't think we've met but, you're always around & laughing & it looks like we should be friends."
Day 2 of shooting "A Matter of Choice"- here comes the hard scenes
great hanging with u! Keep in touch :) “: Wow... another amazing ! Always such a great experience!”
And the prez is on. I can't wait to see him get made fun of!
Check it out: stry.us
Life's like an hourglass glued to the table. Breathe Just breathe...
Jeffrey Burr is co-hosting an Open House at the Acuity Financial Center tonight 4:30 - 7:30. Acuity Financial Center 7881 W. Charleston.
Trying to sleep.
I'm group hugging Twitter :)
I'm knitting headbands, my own designs in different fibers, colors & patterns. just having trouble staying interested.
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 20
More coaching calls. Reviewing 360º Feedback Reports with three of them.
Waiting for the new Mac Mini to finish interrogating the old 2004 iMac on every thing it knows. could take a while.
Here, here Ryan!
ight good looks bro
Pumped for online advertising session presented by senior marketing manager at stumbleupon and more on panel
Tomorrow is Pay What You Can Night for our production of Tape! The first 12 callers (after noon) to 414 698-8991 will get seats.
In which we find ourselves at... ritters. On a tuesday night. And neither of us drunk enough for this to be acceptable.
How about us?(: -K
Salsa Night tonight at QBar!!
That was an amazing hockey game!!! Wow. Go Hawks Go!
just held my breath for 5 seconds
Side effects may include: Death.
Working on a song.
In South Bend, Indiana tonight at Trio's. 9~1230. If you escaped the east coast & made it all the way to indiana, come on out.
The worst part about leaving my computer in NC? That I can't play minecraft on our work server.
I know the feeling.
jealous! Have a fun weekend :)
And there’s no way I can pay you back, But my plan is to show you that I understand. You are appreciated. Happy Mother's day Kim Greenan! <3
Kurt I hope your well
nobody should judge a person based on skin pigment. You did. That's not a messenger, that's racism.
I fucken hate myself for tonight....
Lets all take a shot in hopes the second half is not nearly as boring as the first.
yea im goin
I like the way you think! cc
How do I own so many fucking Steve Wynn cds? How did he make so many albums? Does anyone still buy them?
Mine are tiny boxes or Jars. I can only fit one or two tiny things. Like Tia Dalma lady from Pirates of the Caribbean lol
Wait Floyd bout to make 40 million on this fight? Goooootttttttddddaaaaammmmmmnnn
But females should date the man for like 2-3 months (or weeks)
Damn these niggas start there day late af
Am I the only one in here??? - "In order to conduct the orchestra, one must turn his back on the crowd." Anonymous.
I am free of all prejudices. I hate everyone equally.
The Mayor!---> RT : S/O TO THE BIG HOMIE WE POPPIN WHITE BOTTLE'S IN THE RED ZONE#SALUTE 414 LOVE :)
like the frozen pocket ones, but with more crunch. its ok. im all about choco bacon tho!
Created new lawyer blog for washington personal injury lawyer at www.zenlawyerseattle.com
never seen that was going to happen
twitter hacked?
is in the beginning stages of Co Planning/Producing a Big Red Carpet event for Kari Nissena, W 8/4! Mtg 1 today, 37 days til showtime!
Home and life is chill. Cupcakes are sweet!!
Visiting the cemetery <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I'm in the hov lane, naw I'm in that hoe's lane. (;
My clicker finger seems to work, but my brain won't start!
How did I even get home? I think I ended up running three blocks in the rain w sandals on
Thanks for all the recent follows ya sexies! :-)
It's gonna be awesome when I turn this postseason domination into 6/120M from the #Yankees. Hey , I'm coming for your job.
Check your email (went old school on this one). Let me know your thoughts when you are able.
Twas a good night.
Good morning tweeps! Have a good and productive day
I should start stocking up on Gatorade, Red Bull, and Pepto Bismol. Birthday Week is about to begin.
I was actually watching The Flintstone's with my daughter Saoirse Then flicked it over and #Chelsea are up one nil. Good
When my mom is mad she makes the exact same angry speech over and over again
Using the original iPhone as my only phone for a week as a sort of experiment.
No idea. Like I said, very possible.
Marty: stayed the night in Sugar Land, which lost power only briefly. Many pumps still out, though.
I'm serious doh crazy
haha thank u! :) I try n keep it different u kno :p
so was Peyton. Qbs with swag are douches like Rivers Vince Yound and Brady
with who
traveled to Bloomington, Indiana today to interview for a convention center study!
Can you find any "otter" animal puns :P
That's the trouble... the more I drink the more prizes there are to choose from.
SHE MAKES CUSTOM ONES. AH I WANNA GET A JOHN GREEN QUOTE MUG
nvm it works for me now!
I picked #Baylor to win it all. My hubby, the #KU grad is considering divorce now.
Wait my mom just told me that she was think about moving to Jersey. I was like hell no! I cant leave my life in the big apple! Im a yorker!
can you pm us an email?
Well if the way you treat Spart and the puppy are any indication, I think you'll make a wonderful mother. #StayBeautifulCoCo :)
If you came to twitter expecting to make actual friends then no
We're on the tail end of beta-testing our website... tweet us if you'd like to help out and get a sneak peek!
can't he still attend? just not free drink ticket?
Rushers live for the rush<3<3 :*<3love u guys
Cupcake + Pinter Tix = LOVE! Come to between 12-6 today to buy at least one mainstage ticket & get a FREE treat!
I don't think we'll see that happen as long as Randy Bernard is in charge.
Ballet status. RT : MB giving a shout out to on the TV!! See you tmrw!!
What is Clark Kellogg watching?
#WhenAustin messes up his hair :)
Sounds like the perfect set up for the next great QB to develop under.. Interesting, intriguing pick! What's everyone think?
yep *Power To Us*
that is awesome! where are you? is Bill really a nice guy??? :D
Tough, I'm trying to upload this vid but it'll be done uploading as soon as my computer is gonna die
Missin my right hand!! About to call him=) and see what he's doin
Why do they lock gas station bathrooms? Are they afraid someone is going to clean them?
haha me either.
In a fight with my mom, day before Mother's Day. I don't know if I'll be able to fix things this time.
Ate breakfast, laying next to my boo is amazing! On top of the world!!
I'm home: had several cat-walking-on-face interludes last night. I almost prefer Benjy's snoring :)
yeah im stuffed and lethargic and my evening has just begun.
If I Follow U Please Follow Me!!!
Too funny! I wasn't out there - have a meeting in Brookfield tonight. Not sure I'd recognize you either ;)
back in the day da good kids got in front of the line, den dem bad ass thuggin kids was in the back
shut up
Have I ever mentioned my deep and abiding love for chocolate pudding?
Agree with you with exception of the Nuggets. If Bynum comes to play its over. Of course thats a big If.
We are OPEN today until 4pm. Come on out - it's a beautiful day!
Guy in front of me on flight listened to Keisha song on repeat... For 45 minutes.
Whether you have a general information portal or a blog dedicated to a niche audience, we can build a news feed to match your content needs…
We're out plantin trees in Mt. Tabor with what are you doing today?
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 35
check out RichmondNightOut.com next week and let us know if u want to list your daily specials there
awesome! This will be our first time :)
Cochon looks perfect (though I should hit Besh's place). Thanks for the tip! Looking fwd to some awesome food.
Sharing economy is about to explode.
good night in the town, good food and drink! delaware is a festive town!
No one who cannot rejoice in the discovery of his own mistakes deserves to be called a scholar. Foster, Donald
Dear School, EVERYONE HATES YOU! Love, Students across the world.
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 5.) When poeple fight over the internet on facbook/twitter! calm down & stop having a temper tantum with ur key board!
"Then Agrippa said unto Paul, Almost you persuade me to be a Christian."~Acts 16:28
It's obvious this corn is porn, isn't it?
No it's not makeup, it's only Obagi. I wouldn't expect you to know about anything other than Neutrogena. I just chose quality over quantity.
do the #clippers have a chance against the #spurs?
“: Having a smoking section in a restaurant is like having a peeing section in a pool.”
That annoying moment when somebody sits in front of you at the movie theater and takes away your foot rest. -- BookOfLaughs™
Trying some local food starting with Rocky Mountain Oysters. These are the best balls I've ever had. And sugar free! (watching my figure)
Sometimes I wonder why people mix fantasy with reality and than I realize that reality is so messed up and fantasy is the only escape.
At the #Dodgers game :D
I want a flashing toothbrush.
Alright #vanderbilt....this is your time to shine....
lol I'm a firm believer that there's someone for everyone, so keep beatin the drums, they'll come ;)
It's my hometown too! Are we related? :)
Is it me but Matt Barnes misses every lay up?
My niece has some flowers to put on... she can cover up any extraneous leaves. ; )
I swear there are three gypsies in my class.
Yeah you got me lol...was a dope pic tho!
Dude I know! I really miss seeing you around. :p
of course!
Thanks for the mention David. hope things are going well.
oh yeah good times god times
Pure greed.
ask that question.
u are the best
Thanx For Your Prayers Appreciate Ya!!!
RT : Yes, and networking is something that is tough for students who are used to working alone.
me to!
I'll check it out now
I used a similar strategy in my last fantasy football draft and won my league.
LMAO!!! That was a great night!!! :)
its all a part of the learning process. just have to work hard and let things take care of themselves. i want to be great at the next level.
Hope everyone's weekend was a good one! Start your weekend off with some good music by visiting www.chrismasseyjazz.com
Don't you hate it when you go shopping for that one thing and you forget it? Ah well, I'm not the first.
Just returned home from a Northern California roadtrip.
I hate Andover I hate Andover I hate Andover I hate Andover I hate Andover I hate Andover I hate Andover I hate Andover I hate Andover.
I have the worst headache right now
I'm not letting it out of my sight!! I will talk to the pilot if I have to.
Their athleticism is a concern and Doc isn't going to be the better coach in this series
I see you got punked jerzday you looked a little scared :p let me get a RT!
already following too
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing - Dale Carnegie - Dressing men is FUN!!
Finally watching that LAC at OKC game. Perkins passed up a shot over Blake. He just didn't want to get in that ass again LMAO!
SHUT UP GO FUCKING TALK TO HER! BYE!
RIP Dick Clark of American Bandstand. Anyone my age will never forget what an influence AB had on our life. A great Hollywood legend.
Brian Williams must correct - intro to Wisconsin union protests - the state is not "broke" but trying to break the union
#realization : my handwriting in draw something looks just like my brother's handwriting on paper
School choice programs dont "cream" if anything they serve disadvantaged students more often than non
My feelings too. But what is BASW?
Smelting, Smithing, Hammering, Disenchanting... one day I will craft Dragon Armor! Flawless Glass Bow is pretty cool for now, 49dmg!
Teachers are viral - in a good way, says Tim Brady of on tech tools & apps.
Agreed! RT : EMMA STONE FOR THE WIN IN CALVIN KLEIN!!! Modern, sexy, smart... And she'll always be a redhead to us.
We need some bands who are interested in a cool concept...Anyone interested?
RT: : Wow, This Female Really Said She's "Faded At Church." Yeah Cuhzz That's Something Cool & Respectful To Do.
Happy birthday ! Stay safe out there!
Thank you, Facebook on Nasdaq. Congrats to Nina and company. San Jose must be looking a little brighter.
we've finally figured out dressing in this heat: sheer prints! think fabric light as gauze & busy enough to conceal dreaded sweat stains.
Wow and double-wow!
Awww man. So sorry about that! We'll let the hotel know about this.
You're welcome, David :-)
I Loved The Ne Jessie Evil Twins
Hold the bitch , jus sold the bitch , fuck you pay me what i told the bitch . ;D
Don't you rush to get old...
Sorry for everyone I didn't text back last night ;) lol
hello follow me iloveu ANSWER!! PLISSSSS!
I did. I've got some work to do. Good? Bad? Necessary.
We been through hell and back
Baby you're not like the rest.
you wanna go after school
humanist social worker do you have TWO twitters
a '96 cavalier was my first car!
Not everyone thinks that late.
“: Today I am reminded that the seed you sow in this season will often determine your harvest in the next!”
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice but falling in love with you I had no control over.
You got it - what size shirt?
Are hipsters voting? if so, they're probably not hipsters, they wouldn't do that.
I notice it's another multi-chapter case (4 chapters used). Is <=1 chapter (or 10% if smaller) safe harbor? Looks like so far.
What are you doing on this Sunday?
Chatting with of - - you have an amazing associate here. Let's meet up for some Mexican food. : )
I cannot go because I will be in Phoenix, because I am not loved by anyone.
down, down, down, down. ok ill put a picture up after i get done!
Q7: The only foam rollers I know about are the ones in my mother-in-law's hair.
and conversations make my day <U+E328> #younglove to cute ! <U+E111>
. I don't have a problem with him speaking at Emory. Not everyone has to conform to my worldview, but he is ignorant on evolution.
Great great great day with C:
Birmingham. Thanks! I have a fondness for the city.
So jessica simspson named her daughter maxwell johnson... She named her daughter max johnson, what a fucking idiot
I told george what I had in my garden, and he said, "you've got pumpkin, squash, broccoli,&cauli all in this little bed?" Yup. One of each..
Apparently Nobody Is Cool, Cuz Your Not Following Us. Haha Jk, But Follow, We Follow Back! Night Ya'll :)
Who: You What: When: 9p Tonight Where: John Barleycorns/Mt. Clemens Why: Beer Buckets $10 PBR's $1.50 Large Pizza/Pitcher of Bud $15
if you could go back would you rather start playing soccer instead of football??
I want a tattoo on my neck where I was burned by a shell casing that stuck there and burnt the heck out of me.. What should I get?
What a beautiful freaking day
cool. I've been following Tom Fitzmorris
I would appreciate a link on your site very much! Thank you :) Do you need logo?
Niggas desperate females jealous the niggas want my chick and the females want my dick
America's Got Talent :D
love is the most powerful thin!!!!!!
Remember, It's Not What Happens to You, It's What You Do about It, spike-did-it
I was expecting an invitation or notification, so was prob my fault for not finding it earlier!
ha I have a bankers box with just shellacking supplies. Maybe I'll make furniture
Those are some serious shit eating grins on your faces. Sorry, every time I hear "manure digester," I think "shit eating."
does the #NF stand for Not Following? I need to do better and checking my new followers. I got you! Please forgive me, lol.
Breakfast with Morgan and little Lola :)
I want bacon.
I'm craving some !
Live Music Wednesday Nights @ The Frontpage! Stop by and enjoy!
you're missing and
my new boss just got done telling me he is a genius and is a member of mensa... why are you working in a warehouse then smart guy...
email us at: ! Looking forward to talking
Np I've actually seen quite a few of those spam messages today. Must be a worm.
i will meessage them to you on ze facebook.
eedddvvvaard. Omg omg its really happening
Agreed. That's why we should prioritize factors most directly related to risk: actual driving experience, miles driven, etc.
need some cheering up since I am not feeling very well. Any ideas?
Thanks Sarah! we haven't even hit the tip of the iceberg! im pretty #optimistic!
RT : #NOWFOLLOWING #PARAFAMILY member & listed in "our fellow parapeeps" — Shucks... why you so good to me? ;-)
its been two yrs since ive seen u at msg...I cnt wait to see u tonight I kno u won't disappoint
Whenever I'm watching Cops I find myself screaming and cheering "Tase him tase him!!" Every time there's a chase.
Hi Julie - I loved your "spread too thin" blog post and am so glad to have found you - very much grappling with same things...
beautiful day, connecting with new people!
I feel bad for this old woman next to me. Only time she leaves is for a bike ride around the block twice! I need to get married quick! Lol
ahahahahah he wanted to joust!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
"Education makes the world go round, and if we don't have the tech. to support that, we're going nowhere" -Jason Konesco
So glad God put you in my life! #onehappyperson. I love you so much Mamie!
Sending out a big thank you to for the #erichurch tickets this morning!
Awesome another track talking about how great you and your crew is. I'm real excited to hear it :)
We are so proud of our boys. They have truly stepped up this year.
yikes...I'll say
Dress in bright colors at night and go and act like you are pulling a rope and cars will actually stop. It's so funny.
just posted a free download of it! :)
Go ahead Cornelius, you can cry.
Which has the chance to be a blockbuster: vs. at #WrestleMania or vs. at #SummerSlam?
Hope the tea has you feeling better soon...or the codeine knocks you out. Whichever comes first!!
at #FB's to listen to and play some board games!
l.alyoung.com/ymiuBC I'm creating pen-and-ink illustrations for a series of new publications.
That is there now under "Present URL" in the embed options.
Some people would consider this lucky. RT Rolling change and listening to "Simpsons Sing the Blues" on cassette.
"If you want to set your heart right, then pray to Him." - Job 11:13
If you ever need some owners to serve on a focus group about how to get the most from social media, I'd be interested...
Happy Valentines Day! come try our Capellini Pomodoro special! also its 2 for 1 burger day...see, some things are free!
Love day games (better with a win, of course), but I am so not looking forward to sitting in Chicago rush hour
fuck the grizzlies, they aint my got dANM team
WOW! Could today be any more beautiful? It's absolutely gorgeous! I love springtime in #Miami :-)
yeah. Like butt cheeks or feet.
My pleasure. You do great work!
#Bruins will have a 10-second PP to start the 2nd period. #Caps lead 1-0 after 20 minutes.
Thanks to the Hispanic Chamber for honoring us with nonprofit of the year!
Who is killing it social media wise? TOP TEN: Starbucks, Coke, Pepsi, Intel, Disney, UniGlow, KLM, The Muppets, Glee
how was your day? (:
Very cool.
Too much excitement for me. I hope The Artist wins. Au revoir.
yes ma'am .
Residency coordinator training - brief and to the point. Hopefully I start getting orientation requests soon!
Happy Birthday OZZY... Hope your day is as special as you are... Barb & Bruce
couple bloodys, breakfast hash. Fat, fit and feeling x rated. Off to Evans Acres.
Universal Pictures teams up with digital media company to bring &#39;Battleship&#39; screening to troops
WNA today: Christopher Dickey discusses what impact the charges against Strauss-Kahn will have on the French political scene
Another day at my wonderful job.
JSU faculty please inform your students that SIRS, i.e. student evaluations, are now available for completion online!
Correlation isn't causation so that analysis Touré gives of black students,popularity & the herd mentality phenomenon is flawed.
WebMD's Least Effective Exercises Benefits of Lifelong Exercise New American Heart Associatiion Guidelines For CPR
tweet maims RT : Oh, you post photos of yourself in the mirror? Please do post more, you have a very nice bathroom.
he's just an idiot!
hey! How are you?
Aw Thank you! :-) RT : Aww look how pretty looks in her avi! Get it guuuuurl!
I want you to assume whatever the fuck you want because in the end ignores is the best response you can give a fool.
Reasons why I'm friends with - we both pregame with power naps.
#ThatAwakwardMoment when you have to fight with the wind over who gets to keep your umbrella...
What a crappy week for me.
If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment. - Henry David Thoreau
Happy Valentine's Day! Enjoy some dark chocolate with the ones you love as a special treat...
Mike Brown on Jordan Hill's status tonight: "He's playing"
#HappyMemorialDay ! Have a great day and take some time to #remember the
Good article.
Sounds good! Where are you going?
WORD! I got myy hair straightened and my outfits picked jewlery out money in thee wallet and I'm gettin driven to school 8)
#4thandForever RT : O Long Beach Poly High, must watch
We're leaving CATlanta to go to Blue Orleans! Leggo!
not even on frreakin' Adam for Adam ... ugh!
My kids' humor is so well developed, they'll either be the hit of the party, or get hit at a party.
lets get it
below: Be sincere in mind and heart. Conserve your energy and go with the waters natural life flow, not a time to swim against the current
If i dont text you back the first time it doesn't mean you keep texting me..
RT Where to go for #dinedowntown? Ella has free valet with check in! (oh and a great menu - check it out)....
the ending could've been better but some of the lines are epic
Great! we have them on 2nd Wednesdays of the month. email for more details.
Food so good, make an Asian's Eyes BIG !! O_O
It's interesting the search team was lambasted. Who would think after his experience that a degree needed double checked?
Don't fucking mention me if you gone delete it.
Follow and tell them sent you.
Out of school early #YEE <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Wow! Deep. RT My 4 year old son just said the most bizarre thing. "I want to die, so I can see what Jesus' planet looks like."
Maybe I should move...
Hi guys have fun its sat lov ya mwa
i was looking at forever 21 lol
There are poets that do. Look at Tupac's poetry. He used pictures and drawings to sub. words.
Just woke up from a nap
It's not the having, it's the getting. - Elizabeth Taylor
Makes me want to be a wedding planner
Yeah, perhaps, but they are politicians and it could all be just a political strategy.
What NADA University Workshops are you going to?
'Photography & Ruin' xhibit with print xhibit w/ similar subject matter 'Pieces:The Ancient Fragment or Ruin in Early Modern Prints'
Had a guest propose to his girlfriend during the show last night. It was a special moment and the audience loved it.
#ConfessionTime I blocked U
Love is life. And if you miss love, you miss life.
RT : RT : All 31 votes against Violence Against Women Act came from Republican men.
the only teacher i dislike is my homeroom teacher l0l
Good deal! We have 3 rescue cats, all raised on the Fancy stuff that shall not be named. $18 a box=experiment!
b/c the left-leaning media has a lot more fun trying to distort the picture we see of the perceived #Oblunder challengers
have fun ladies! hope it's a hit! can't wait to hear all about it! goodnight! (: x
I'm tryna get high AF
I asked to follow you!
OMFG. YES. YES. PLEASE. I NEED IT.
I will keep you posted on how this one works. I am supposed to hit my goal weight on June 27th, according to them.
Rajon Rondo is one point away from another triple double.
Thanks for #listing #WritingEditing /specialties !
You may now eat the bride?!?!!
Google sold SketchUp. I need a robust and kid friendly 3D modeler.
Can't believe it's been 3 years since me and snuck on this field before graduation and threw a party.
RT "In my personal experience it's easier to find an atheist practicing the teachings of Jesus than a Christian." - Philip Slater
When will Shamrock Shakes start in 2011? I missed out last year and have been craving one since!
Crisis Mapping (2010) standards- unstructured data is inefficient, no standards on taxonomic structures, understanding incentives
Every time I see your name I want to down a shot of rum, but I don't do rum-so this tequila shot will have to do-slange!
nice, go get him. I'm at 312/ rank 10... I'm like 300 behind first guy. He's insane with votes, has like 650.
I want a cupcake...
Getting ready for day two of the !
Excellent point. Especially considering "Rain" Forests. :)
Don't overlook jazzercise.
I absolutely ADORE Sara Jessica Parker in this Valentino
Thank god for , you motivate me like no other can <3
Just shocked myself with the vehemence of my answer to the question, "Do you have any David Guetta?" But. No.
Other teams players jump in the crowd as well
About to through my timeline. Youre getting unfollowed if: youre ugly, retweeted something stupid, or anything else that pisses me off.
Finally just launched the Blog, and considering my first real entry.
most of them are factories
Feels Like I Havent Been On Twitter For A Minute
68)Ross Lynch 69) Kate Middleton 70)Miley Cyrus And Max Azria 71)Dream Out Loud 72)Juicy couture
“It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.” <U+2015> J.K. Rowling
:-) I hope you're right, just not going to hold my breath or worry about it. It'll happen when it's time!
I like how you only look at parts of peoples responses to you and overlook the crux of the argument
Work it PURPLE SWING JOHNATHAN ALTER and HOWARD FINEMAN. A Special dedication goes out to you. Have A YOUTUBE MOMENT! NLD Mom/ca. survivor
#R5InspiresMeBecause They never pretend to be something they are not <3
Ya mama is so fat the sorting hat put her in all four houses
Congratulations to all the graduates out there! Go live fearlessly.
A local #Loudoun magazine may print one of my photos in a full page format. Will know more this week.
I hope once i start my videos people will support me and like my vids. :]] hahaha
Richards and Ovie.
good luck to your kids for showing their cattle!
It's never too late.
Okay, Mozilla, that was mean. Making the switch finally to Chrome and feeling very okay about that.
Just got back from church. Hung out wit my best bud 4 life Jake
Ever had a watermelon pickle? You only think you have. Once you've had a taste of Mama's Pantry, THEN you will be able to say you did.
Thanks for the follow and the support, Eric!
are you guys going to Vegas? Rut Hockey team member has a three bedroom suite!
love it, love my fans
Congrats! $93MM post-money is pure awesomeness :)
RT “Joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls.” - Mother Teresa
Looking for folks long line nymphing at this time of year--
A DEER?! My fucking dream come true!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
lmfaoooo! Im done. dead
Wow Norway is one of the top places with the lowest crime rates and this massacre happens. Scary stuff.
What up besides hating straggs bitches??
Eating ice cream cake
Feeling adventureous? Try a black paella made with squid ink
you had to be deemed worthy, it's a rigorous process.
The #49ers are now on the clock w selecting the 30th overall pick in the
Woohoo I have a hot date with my chink tonight :)
Only certain clients support it. Very bleeding edge. (The actual "bleeding edge" feature hasn't yet been implemented.)
Back button in iOS & Android trigger diff features. shares some useful x-platform insights for designers, developers and UI experts
me and them smoked weed and drank together too. Fun times
Got a good picture? Send it to and it may appear in the Chicago Citizen.
The devil has tried .. Multiple times. But with the Lord by my side. He's lost every time.
I bet & his wife have good sex! ;)
That sixers game was awful no heart no effort and Rondo and KG had their way Sixers better wake up
Wow, I just checked the syllabus for this class and if I read everything right this project isn't due until NEXT week. Crisis averted, maybe
I cant make it rain.... But I can make it misty as a Muffucca!!! Lmao!
Lovato of panel/ - Not all Dems good/Reps bad in immigration. Organizing equals change (Dobbs resigning at )
Perhaps having a cupcake for breakfast wasn't my best idea.
wish i was home **sigh**
It's funny how yo' "homie" that you kick it with everyday, is the same one doggin' you behind your back . Practice what you preach "bruh" .
What's good brotha. I see you out on the road killin it.
CRASH UPDATE: Kelly and Water, westbound traffic on Powell backed up to 39th, allow extra time
Thanks for all the RT! It helps!
Thank you for cutting into Ryan's speech. You saved my life.
pretty pissed u havent anwsered me back yet i cant fuckin sleep. Cuz of it ...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
The air goes on! Hahaha
If you havebt noticed already ima wrestle just to get that out there :)
follow back(: I love mahomies
Oh, I sure hope you feel better soon!
Just be wary of the wolves on the barge parked outside on 5th ave. They are hungry!
LOL!! No, not about #Beckett or BEER or fried chicken or GOLF. It was GIN...
in Denver tonight ! Can't wait for this show !
Dogs learn best in short fun spurts! This is a proven fact! I have seen it myself many times over the last 25 years of training.
thanks for being Hott
Congrats to all of the GRADUATES today, too. Best wishes from me to you!!!
doing mail merges on a Sunday
:) i think i piss off :"P hes my bestest friend ever
Is Eli Manning even old enough to drive that Corvette?
had a great night with the wifey
Just spoke with close friends of Thomas Hecht, they tell us his family will have an "outpouring of support" in this difficult time.
lol! thanks! hope you're having a great day too!
At Starbucks near Kinokuniya..drinking afternoon coffee.. Waiting for phone to charge.
Is there a version of Nicki Minaj's Beautiful Sinner without the vocals? The tune behind the chorus is groovy. Deserves to be pumped.
Man, South Africans know how to party!
RT : Educators, which social bookmarking tools do you use in the classroom? Please respond and RT!
MORGAN SLEEP OMG
Did u get that tweet about u being in our Compton Hood Movie that we r packing with 2 Star in our FILMS?
The Monkey has many stories. Just a lil statue I bought at a funky shop, the Monkey taken over as avatar and intimidator.
Showing your cleavage EVERY episode is a great message to girls, thx for teaching little girls what's really important in life
Wake Up Call next with Law & Order's Diane Neal! Hope she doesn't mind!
And lowering the price of parking will make the traffic worse.
yall have no idea how serious our rock band sessions used to be
Look how wide that guy is - Michael
SHOUT OUT TO ATLANTA DIRECTIONERS!!
im down. Let me know!
have fun at the concert tonight! Sad I'm not there!
Do you think the Seattle Seahawks cheerleaders wear plaid and look like Eddie Vedder?
Then dumb a** run to the door and cant even get it unlocked -___-.... so yo next thought was the phone.... *throws up hands*
Of course LOL we need to get it together ": thank you, miss you!!' sushi soon?!?"
it's unfortunate
Cupcakes, Bubbles, Silly String, balloons, and lots of hugs = The best day i have had in a very long time. #AmazingDay <3
Correction to the last tweet: the memorial was built right after WWI. Another memorial built in 1993 does not omit those names.
: One more reason to cheer for the Bulls and Ian. But they just don't have the offensive fire power.
thanks :)) let meknow what ya think!!
how do you think I feel when I drive by the vails course several times a week?!?
We're not just listening... we're listening with the intent to engage.
A man was killed by a swan? Wtf
I don't even know , maybe cause I woke up hot & it was dark af in my room
What a beautiful day! Hope everyone in #ROC is able to enjoy it.
RT : To my followers I kindly ask you to support my buddy and
What's the point of texting me if you're going to be boring...?
I hope you may enjoy a beautiful breathtaking morning and a wonderful blissful holiday cheerful day! ;)
Not awkward unless we let it be awkward.
You were my follower before right yeah I was jlooneytoone remember
We are happy to announce our newest Instructional Designer, Darlena Holan to the Cinecraft family!
I am so sorry. I never had to put my dog down but I had to put my cat down when I was little and it was the HARDEST (c)
New Bears GM wraps up busy, unusual draft
fire congress and suspend all pay related.
always have the #m31000 ladies in mind - what an amazing network we have
At least the Miami Heat didn't act like they won the NBA Championship like they did after every series win last year
have a great week.
It's Nat'l #DrinkWineDay! We open @ 5p for you to celebrate! Reds, whites and sparkling! We have a great selection for you to try!
At meeting of Fordham Digital Humanities Working Group listening to CIS colleague Yanjun Li speaking abt data mining research #dayofdh fun!
Anyone have a login and password for the sire
Just bought two discs, one Cee-Lo, one Vivaldi. I truly enjoy the confused looks record store clerks give me.
3 more tweets untill i have more tweets than followers....ever
Did you see the Martha Graham google doodle today? Reminded me of the dance at the Warhol opening, so I thought I'd say hi!
Welcome to ClearPay!
Q: Are you coming to Austin, TX during your tour? A: Yeah. It's one of the confirmed cities. It's Levi's hometown.
While I am on that topic, anyone know of a good company or sales rep to get reversible jerseys and t-shirts/ sweats from?
No doubt. For any reason.
are you covering the #uawow rallies across the USA today to stop the GOP #WarOnWomen ?
I have no idea of how to do a time lapse video? Maybe I should just upload what I currently have.
i'm more than happy to put all my eggs in one basket
I want some onion rings from portillos
the key for u to make it tonight
Steve Aoki ! Hmu if you don't want to miss out!
Very happy a long, drawn out holiday season is at an end.
I never forget, the portraits look amazing. In the press release I talk about the lighting and flashlight. It's hot
55 days till
im not talking about Josiah haha
hey how u been
Big Lou's pizza son!!!
as was Lawrie's melt down. You see that?
I obviously knew that, everyone knows it's meese... Duh
kinda already am. Just gotta figure out how to get paid...
Steaks, Chili, wings, chips and dips, booze all a go. is cooking like a man today for his annual Super Bowl bash!
He def is sorry to hear that keeping u in prayer hope ad pray things work our for the better!
Let the summer begin! At least until summer semester starts...
... I was informed yesterday by that instagramming is in my future. I'll get right on it.
FUCK THE TWINS AND HEAD N SHOULDER
Can't stop smiling got two Taylor swift albums fearless and speak now love u dad luv u Taylor
I worry for big data when I see how many organizations can't even manage email lists
Very juvenile response to your divorce email. How old are you?
l know. they add a u in like every word. lol.
Can't wait for the rain to clear in NYC. Until then, I'll be playing my ball indoors. Nice weather for rugby, though.
Countdown to Lavo brunch
Kobe is better than Lebron (so they say) but is Kobe better than Kevin ????
tried the breckenridge Christmas ale-good, but didn't compare. I think thirsty dog is the best.
"Nothing else will be able to clean your desktop like this." Christopher Seiwald, announcing Commons.
Nobody is interesting enough to be on here... I use it for reading sports & news stuff primarily, rarely write anything.
Just got some alpinestars gear!!
I Cry Off EverySad Moviee Now!
what is focus view? Am I missing an amazing feature on my computer?
You're AWESOME, Heather! You heard it here!
numb as can be :(
Simple question: Have the 'direct actions' of #opdx today displaced a single hair on the head of those who engender economic inequality?
imma get my tounge peirced & my septum done for my BDAY ~ i cant wait 2 more months .-. JULY 12 th c:
Whats up Twitter world?
goodluck at the concert tonight! I know you'll do great(:
What Is A Good Relationship? I Need To Know
The B3Brewery is prepping for the first taping of "On Tap" on Tuesday, March 13th. Should be a good time.
If you use Google Chrome as your browser it appears you can get around the Baltimore Sun paywall using "Open link in incognito windows"
is this a couch or a table duke.
One wonders if Paris Hilton will get the Lohan treatment....it is overdue
Although #pearlharbor might have the worst acting ever, the #flying scenes are pretty entertaining.
Happy Valentine's Day to all of our wonderful followers!
WOW! Bonds TV is doing an awesome job on the A/V installation!! This is so cool. Can't wait for the next coaching session :-)
Win or Go Fishing!
RT : Join us for Henna, origami, dance performances, crafts, storytimes & more during Asian Pacific American Heritage...
Hello DigSignage Today! Another OOH business here with a hotel niche.
Kids in need of adoption - WTHI
Congrats to U. of Kentucky boys bball team; 2012 Champions. Did you participate in any bracket pools, how did you do?
he is what?o.o
DONE. Final grades for six classes submitted. Now I just have to field all of the whining emails.
Q: do you like rebecca blacks new song my moment? A: yes! Its a pretty good song I like it a lot!
That's exactly how I read it. I was surprised, admittedly. I wasn't expecting a "nose" diagnosis, more an all around guy
YEAH! TGIF! OMG. Band rehearsals suck (x
Hi.... the email address is
Yes, the new department name has an excess comma. Just smile, nod and go with it. :)
will have to try the chocolate almond :)
Cummings will be on w/ to talk about the secret service allegations at 6:00 PM EST. Be sure to tune in
I did:P
Lulz. You coming out West? RT : My body for your SF Fridays. DM for details.
Watching Freddy vs Jason.
I wanna hear Tattooed Heart so badd! <3
seems obvious, but if you have never gone to Walt Disney Concert Hall to see Dudamel, you should go. Student tickets for $15 on Thursdays.
What do you think of the new uni's??
#MONEYTRAIN Mondays Go Cop That At Any DTLR
Well Noah's probably done for the playoffs. GG bulls
Good points; yet, the other two non-league games can't be cupcakes. Maybe 1 cupcake, but then upgrade that second OOC game.
Delicious, of course. Damn you, with your good, delicious ideas!
#sleepy but tryin to pull an all nighter
Announcing the Jamboree BOTb today!
WE love u2. And I meant to text you 2day but i'll talk you tomorrow sissy!
I am so missing my friend right now. Can't wait to see u, been too long. Called ur mom yesterday. She is still feisty. lol
#OccupyAtlanta most in personal vehicles.
Life is easier when your not attached
Thank you! (you are too funny!)
Or anywhere else. OK, maybe if I'm on a farm. RT : I want to hear the word "silo" exactly zero more times at
I don't treat you like crap silly! I always loved you!.. (Though I do think you ought to cut down on the cigs.. ;O)
Thanks for thinking of me!
Days like this make me so proud of my Italian heritage, and the fact that we have the best food! Dego pride!
Nikki - thanks for the retweet. Means a lot to us. Good show.
How dare you sir! My mother died in a freak sock accident! How dare you!
It's easy for a man to cum off some head! It's harder for a female
Nix gets the 3-point play. #Badgers up 9-3 with over 15 left
Thanks for the mention, we provide Wedding Ceremony, Cocktail, and Reception music
I'm Tee_Money.... Solute me, or shoot me..... Make yo next move yo best.....
Very true. I look forward to making a pilgrimage to SLC & training alongside you all.
There R NBA players that when they get old, they coast, R out of shape, play without energy, complain, whine...not the Big 3; too much pride
TROLL HARD SON RT : What in the FUCK is Nas doing a song for the draft and ESPN? ALL PREVIOUS WORK NULLIFIED INSTANTLY.
i was cringing the entire time...
thanks for this! great commentary! Love to see women promoted as being both strong and beautiful
When I do talk to him this year...I get so nervous. Oh btdubs, I saw the guy that was my first heartbreak, today. He avoided looking at me
My friend took da picture :\
Awww. Thank you John!
My whole family has to tell my niece that we can't go back to Disney World yet because it's under construction.
Hey how has your day been? I hope all is well ;) Mucho Amor <3
Every day I'm shufflin'! Work it Shannon!
Well, It's been an awesome week with you! Have fun jamming! Don't forget the closing party tomorrow nite!
- good one.
Listening to "With Tour Friends" by with my dog realizing this is probably what she hears when i talk to her
Shout out to , one of the most intelligent and hard working managers/entrepreneurs in the business.
That's just mean. MT : Oh. Scorer gives E7 on a ball that Nunez misplays in left. Elongates Nick Johnson's 0-for-29 streak
Own your own NacNak community
pray for my bro he is having major surgery today
Cosign "Art is everywhere" Kevin Henkes
yes! How have you been?
RT Thank you, NC Pastor Sean Harris, for making me want to go home and hug my sweet, sensitive boys. You are a monster.
"But... but... I bought you lobster!" (#dareproject chatter)
They will also visit the University of Chicago this afternoon #239DaysLive [2/2]
Happy New Year, Everyone!! T minus 4 days til we start shooting!
1ST MTG OF THE SEMESTER: jan 31 (tuesday) at 8pm in Monroe 114. see you there!
I need to tweet like I used to.. where I say random shit & don't even care who sees it.. Like my vagina is numb. Seriously.
#GirlWithTheDragonTattoo seemed to have a McDonald's product placement deal. "When you think rape dungeon, think McDonalds"
what games you been watching - make sure you watch the blues later
Just announced that Tenacious D will be joining Pearl Jam, DMB, and all the other bands at the Outside Lands Festival. It's coming up soon!
Well maybe I'll see you there(:
psh you're not on Google Wage yet?!?!?! Everyone is doing it.
I love strawberries! :D
what was better, the pass or the catch???
#GetOverIt cuz I got over u and moved on to da nxt one
Lord, please give me the strength to say "no" without guilt.
yup - might be potential for viral marketing and advertising with some content/community moderation. I'll check back in 6 months
Why is Tweetdeck not updating from my phone?
- Of course I have
Thank you!<3
So sorry- thinkin of u all :(
Identify your areas of strength and concentrate on those areas in which you can make a major contribution.
I dropped ur name at box office, said I interviewed u for "Thor" here in Detroit...they smiled and said "surrreee u did"
omg no I haven't! gonna have to keep my eyes peeled....i could honestly just watch the water all day
watch the video! You just have to tweet to 5of your followers and put in the same text I was!!
Feels so good to be back in LA and seeing old friends nd familiar faces. #happy #Bliss!!
my mom -_-
Nick you wanna come to Canada to teach class becuss the way you dabce is dope we need a dancer like you here plzz reply
RT: I hug you from afar but I am right beside you
Hey Aric..I'm doing your game for ESPN on Apr 7th..looking forward to seeing you guys, hope all's well! Roons
that's cool!
Good thing she has men's tournaments to fall back on. RT : Michelle Wie's struggles continue. She missed 3rd straight cut.
Lunch at JBs
love you too <U+2665> i want to talk to you :/ i miss you
Food yummy :)
Who just moved into her first apartment and got Internet installed? THIS GIRL.
RT : Anyone using Royall & Company for their #admissions search / application process?
Local hero! RT Today tackled a guy running away after stealing cigarettes & then prevented owner from harming the thief.
where could we march from????
Were are you from ? :)
GREAT show in Denver tonite! Thanks! you are very talented!! :)
Are you in Florida yet?
lucky! “: I seem to have found the perfect balance of high hopes and low expectations.”
God how I hate this feeling.
That's cool!
No time for the dentist during the week? We are open Sundays 11am-4pm. Call us to book an appointment 858-352-7890
Chansung I saw you!
Photo Review: Keep Portland Weird Fest (in Paris), Day Three
Cheddar fries nd Sierra mist
It's a cigarette, not a tobacco-filled smoking instrument - name your products like your customers would actually call them.
Oh snap* just wowed us with his design for the cover of 's impending "Curations" vol. 2 eBook release.
I love how dumb girls find it so entertaining to go about your day bitching about someone other than yourself. Must be mad insecure...
“: Yayyy I get to see tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> #missedher” finally!!! so much to catch up on!
“ I'm done talking bout that boxing shit, bottom line is Mayweather undefeated and Manny juiced up #simple”
GOODMORNING!! Yeah and I have watched it about emm 100 times so far !!! No joke <3!xx
At my sisters play for Annie :)
thanks from
Dodgers? Don't quote me on that.
Thursdays=practice=happy.
Followed. c: <U+2665>
and here it is, the ed stuff :) thanks again Mr. Lemere, keep up the good work!
What is the most unusual experience you have had recently?
There goes the private pilot license! Now EVERYBODY knows!
Long day on the ambulance today. Have seen/heard/smelled many things today...not all of them good...and just wanna go to sleep. SLEEP....
Should I be asking deep questions when Im sleepy. Im at the point where I lay down just stare at the ceiling
OhMyGeez Ninja Turtles are so amazing !!!
that's why i said Lil or you could go with Koby1Anobi
You'll never know how much strength you have until you need to use it
Well the weasel can JAM it!!!
Problem: Starving and tired and no good food .... Solution: Chinese food with
best photo ever
:) you are awesome.
worked this past #nmleg to sponsor legislation that diversified the NM economy the Governor spent time plotting a politics of fear
Thank y'all so much for coming out and participating at the #4sqDayATL party.
stop with the time travel.
happy belated Bday.
I'll also be there asshole
Listening to give presentation cool UX
Nice town, I used to live there. So green.
todays is my lil bro's bday and we've always given him mobiles as presents!
U, are in the states. Claim those in ur life. Remember I'm INTERNATIONAL. TAKE A BACK SEAT U SLUT SEAL!
Chris Leak has rejoined the AFL after being traded from the Jacksonville Sharks to the Orlando Predators today
I wish all the walls in the were glass, so you could see the backs of the paintings.
It has been a great day and fixin to be better. Gonna go to ride my horse
Congrats on the win
Take One for the Team! AP reports Luis Suarez #URU banned for 1 game for blatant handball to stop Ghana's Extra Time Header
m pigs feet dip in hot spices
if you want to go ninja internet stalker to find one, I could give you some protips. In a super not creepy way, of course :-)
Want 2 be a #MMS v. 4 beta tester! Let me know if I'm still in the running! (forgot the hashtag the 1st time)
Being constantly afraid of everything going to shit is a nice hobby.
Salads are a great source of fresh veggies, but your dressing choice can pack on calories and fat. Consider adding salsa instead.
Thanks to for tweeting #nyudh today
omg how much beauty on 1 person ..!!!!
I want it to be Friday already!
Its 57 degrees and rain
Frustrated & confused. Feeling extremely out of my element. Where is my #comfortZone?
Name two ingredients for a healthy mind:
NOW CASTING ROCK BAND
Sen Ayotte, are you trying to sell yourself for VP? Palin w/ a brain? You still buy into Romney/GOP/Ryan stuff. Move on. MTP
Congratulations, Lindsey! You're awesome and you deserve it.
IF you can't make the webinar follow #testingwins to see our amazing insights :)
dont check me bro, you dont want it like that
this anniversary is the perfect time to reflect on the importance and depth of diversity in our day to day lives.
Stephon Marburry gotta statue in China
A drunk Mariah speech would totally save the Oscars. Too bad she's not nominated.
A goal is a dream with a deadline
Letters To Young Rationalists - Sunday Leader
The daily double! virtueonline, too
at on Saturday. Would love to go.
hiya can u ask everyone to follow me ill do the same for you :)
You are not an order taker, but a memory maker!
Ah man. U can die and from taking a shit
speaking of, no date for duets. What's a girl to do
Chill night last night.
master class is kicking ass! gratitude rocks. I am grateful at 5:50am that's a miracle.
hahah yeah, you?
Viva Las Vegas. Have fun Brickster!
I have four more weeks. :\
firin' up the grill! who's hungry?!
I text way too much making me not compatible with someone who doesn't text...
Craig Sager seems hell-bent on being the world's worst dresser. Just seems like an odd thing to be so committed to.
Celebrating National Library Week with grand opening of the campus open computer lab in the library. We now have a real
. Well, a black man's going to beat the hell out of a white man in November. Let's see how they cover thay
its amazing to hear people tell me that they can feel and connect to my music, lets me know i havent forsaken the craft
twitter won't let me, I need more followers or my follow limit to increase
Saddest situation are those who sold out of equites in early '09, they got a double dose so to speak
Happy Easter! He is risen!
Switched At Birth finale was amazing I cryed my eyes out through the whole thing can not wait for next season!!! :.)
I disliked my dream ...
Man I will feel old when Tim Duncan retires, seems like yesterday he was at Wake Forest
Thinking about the end of The Bear's 2006 season.
Adopted 20 June 1782, recommended by John Adams, Benjamin Franklin and Thomas Jefferson, 10 Aug
Jesus Christ, that's a pretty face.
You are ever so welcome and thank you!
Speak with IT directly to avert failure.
Thanks babe for sending me to smiths after a long day at work. This place is a zoo.
At Web2.0 & social Payments session.
If I knew it was gonna be that kind of a party, I would have offered hugs much sooner. Hope you guys like the new songs.....
a handful of bars including Wolskis... Also signing w/distributor soon and will be everywhere w/in 1-2 months!
Watching we bought a zoo with my momma, and eating the chocolates her patient gave to her at work last night (: haha
there was a tupac hologram at #coachella. Apparently it was kinda creepy--so naturally within 10 mins it had its own twitter account.
Dieting is a very lonely endeavor #RT via Ingram
Love me or hate me. Either way I'm on your mind
We specialize in retailing men's apparel from Hart Schaffner Marx, Zanella, St Croix knits Cotton reel & more! www.leodys.com
Pu-er Tea is known to help lower blood cholesterol levels.
not sure, check them out online. The one on Armed Services Dr. It's next-door to the Resch Center
thank you girl!!
Impossible! GW has no descendants--I think you mean "cousin."
San Diego - Comic Con tonight!
Watching The Berenstain
Good to know.
It's u
1/2 Off bottles of wine and sake this Monday and every other Monday
- Hey, Todd. Caught your retweet. Thx! We'll yet be in touch again, darn it. It's been 24/7 here. Good. Best 2 Carrie
idk bruh I might crash after I get out of class. What time y'all goin?
Want to #studyabroad but not sure if ur language skills are good enough to direct enroll at a university? has a program 4u
See what the buzz is all about! Learn more about #Intota in booth 2007!
thanks to all who came out for FREE music in support of the arts at FAYETTEVILLE AFTER FIVE! the #Fayetteville Museum of Art loves you!
I'm all by myself, as I've always felt.
"The SKY is not the limit....You are." Don't limit the possibilities today!
We need individuals to work from home. The pay is $1,000 weekly. Send me your email address for details. This is not a scam...
Mfers bet not hit my line tho.
"Going to the prom with your cousin was acceptable until the twerk was invented"- wise words of
Craving #1dollarbeers at
You better copyright your tweets because Im gon retweet them if they good
LOVE!! RT : Maya Rudolph just said she's wearing "so much shapewear" & has snacks in her purse.
Fabulous #summer package! Thanks for sharing!
“: is one of the best in the chi i need to get on his team”
Summer's mine...winter too...top down in the winter that's what winners do...
Good Luck Kidrauhl <U+2665> (: loves you.
RT : #Austin top burger places reviewed. Phill's Icehouse at burnet road. Your Mom's on east Austin.
RIGHT? like if these are all covers it will be ridiculous. omg.
IA12 Lunch Teasers! Nosh & learn about Woolly Mammoths in CA and culture-infused exhibits in Tel Aviv. Check out the Menu on ACM's FB Page!
Something inspiring to watch while I scan the job boards. Mountains can be scaled.
I made the envelope as a joke just to annoy her though lmao.
make me some!!!!
That explains a number of things, actually.
Good luck
thanks! it was great seeing you last night! - it was great to meet the team last night - such nice people!
NUGS WANT THIS!!!!!!
Look for me in the Nat'l Park Foundation commercial airing nation wide this week on ABC, Planet Green, & Nat'l Geographic!
“Look at me, now look at you. Now tell me who is jealous of who!”
“: omg! Lmao! I'm mad I believe this mess too. Smh!”sad! Was the one over by Mayfair ... They were like 18 too
nfn the willow tree cafe did give a free sandwich
It's rainy here in #Boston, what are your favorite rainy day activities?
Get Down - NAS
S. Harris with a pinch hit single and Cavaliers get leadoff hitter on base.
He is not worth it.
one nice thing about egotists. they don't talk about other people.
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." -Thomas Alva Edison
#Milwaukee, love pizza and beer? Go to for a FREE 12" pizza with every pitcher ..everything Thursday!
Driving down Langdon St this AM - lots of people heading home is it #walkofshame or #strideofpride?
you sexy as fuck baby
Oh Friday how I've missed you!!
And NOW he's endorsed poor old mitt ha ha ha ha ha It's probably the Kiss Of Death. Notice GOP NEVER mention dumbya
Got my new phone ordered, and got a new screen that doesn't have a crack in it. I'm one happy girl. :)
your article was so inspiring. Congratulations Doll!
"The only differences between the Herod of old and the Herods of today are in the weapons used and the number of victims.
The ugly old lady ones don't come in 32 either. If you wear a strapless it has to be extra tight so you don't trip over it.
How was Gracie's breakfast, yesterday?
This weather is so nice
Thanks ;D RT “: S/o to 'cause I like his twitcon! (;”
hold Down top button and home button at same time for 10 seconds. u should see it reboot. Release buttons when apple appears
Sounds like a good plan my friend.
"Happiness is not a reward – it is a consequence. Suffering is not a punishment – it is a result"
Katniss is from the hunger games. :P
There's a Nick Perry/USC Trojans/Katy Perry/California joke out there somewhere. I'm sure you can take care of the rest.
Checking out and
Always funky! ;) RT We agree and are glad to hear you'll be staying funky :)
Sun seems unlikely. I'm going to get so much done today!
We only have about 100 #ButterCowBandanna s left! Don't miss out once they're gone...they're gone!
My sadistic dentist tried to win me over by letting me playing with his iPad. It may have worked.
#Bucs take S Mark Barron with the 7th overall pick in the
You realize that you are old when the candles cost more than the actual birthday cake
Somehow things always happen for a reason. And in the right timing also.
If you ask me {Twitter} is where it's at !!!
thank you!!!
I heard training camp won't be held in San Antonio Texas anymore...it will be in California until 2015. Is this true?? :(
aright well i landed a table at stacks 5
Happy BDAY! how old are ya?
I hope so... I miss yo butt too
Seeking heat today: steamy bath, tea, electricity flowing between neurons. Airy music of the heater's churn and dispersal. & inner gleams.
that Reminds me, I just accepted a job in D.C., any recommendations on living area? we're looking outside the district...
#JustRememberThat U loved me at one point in time
Go back to coronado!
we love you :)
"Life is so mysterious and i love it! good, bad.... It's all GOD"
RT Tech allows us to INNOVATE, not just iterate. -
very nice what movie? Tryna smoke up after
I'm silly! Been tweeting at the wrong user! Sorry, :P
asdfghjkl i hate homework :/
That mad moment when you find a piece of hair in your mouth.
Trying to buy 20 turkeys 4 hungry families this Thanksgiving One problem, they have a 2 Turkey limit. What can U do F&E?
thanks for RTs!
Traffic or no traffic, I'm still jealous you're close to #SXSW & we're stuck in the office. I know I know- #crymeariver right?
Friday the 13th! It's so cold it ought to be snowing here in the deep south
Here in Colorado with the time change it's dark and we're still in the office! Wow!! We've got snow coming tonight as well. Hello, winter!
A social media campaign without strategy or metrics is waste of time, dont bother.
36 x Menu boards printed on Duratran and ready for Installation at the 'G' in time for the opening match tonight.
Heavy presence of Texans with digital cameras with flash turned on at intermission.
Hell yeah, lol.
Love ur picture.
I think it's also in line with the value of transparency
I'm picking mine up on Friday! When's your Commencement?
David, are u planning an appearance at the Pacha, Marrakesh this summer? Just like the old days! :-) It would be great to see u
We are making an iPhone/Android game at the moment. Facebook me and ill tell you what's up!
take it up with Jack. You guys could golf together.
some crack pot who knows but she got sued by some sorceress LMAO send you info on email HON
dumpling article has me giddy for Chef Drewno's dumpling platter at The Source. Dinner at 8 on Thurs can't come soon enough
They are showing the Celtics game on tv here in Colombia so I get to see it! I'm watching it at work until I get home lol
Demi Lovato might be a judge on the next X Factor?!
thx brandie, i will get right on that. i don't make nearly enough money as a rockstar.
how can I in houston help with the urban health food issue?
": i Know This Might Be Corny But Your Strong ! Weird Sleeping Schedules Are Tough !" Thank you I try to be :-)
Gossip Girl marathon on Netflix <3
This phone bout borin as evr infuse will keep me busy
Can't believe how many spam bots are using it to push celeb porn links
Sounds like you're a pizza connoisseur.
Crosby is ready to take a hit.
yeah, it kind of depends on the weather too!
All the shoes I have are meant to be worn without socks... Strange?
One more flight until I'm in San Antonio...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
ideas come from everywhere via
“: Free until 9pm at tonight with me and #thefunction” excited!
Scott Kazmir is the David Duval of baseball
sounds good. You look fabulous by the way.
If we start seeing Hillary Clinton talking more than the Past, then that means she may be going to run in place of Obama
I wonder how long it took to tape J Lo's performance
Kipnis is a freaking monster. Dude is unreal this year.
There's a food truck calld Big Gay Ice Cream Truck???? Must visit.
Aren't they just the friendly skies? lol
Man im so over everything ):
send em my way ;)
5 followers away from 450! Who will be my 450th #Assyrian follower? I'm still looking for new stories for my website so let me know k? <3
#ifonlyicould be john kramer, bitches would get what's coming to them.
I'm surprised kids from CDH even know how to breathe on their own. if your daddy can't buy you a phonetics book...
good morning have a great day!
is thawing. yeah.
Had the best birthday weekend in the history of birthday weekends!! Pulled off Miller Park and Camp Randall on Saturday! #winning !!!!!!
how do u have pizza and not think of me?? lol.... but okie dokie
The Brother Grimm fairy tales turned into current day events. Kinda SVU/Cop Fantasy.
We're gettin' all signed up for and ! So excited! What fun!!!
keep holdin it down for the mean streets of southside
NOT enjoying Marlo. I feel embarrassed for the #RHOA cast at how low class and shallow many of them acted in S. Africa
TGIF right? I sure felt that way last night at any rate! :)
haha srsly or the water hose.
Yeah, we're stocked. One per day if I only eat that but I get tuna sometimes and dry food -- just smorgasboard! MOL!!!
did you get my other tweet? Or just the one that said hopeless cause there was more
good morning everyone *
you stole this from me.
Looking like soccer dad over here lolol
Just harassed the shit out of a bitch that doesn't know how to drive, muahaha me and my sister are assholes.
Always turns out this way you try to be the hero and good guy but will be recognized as the bad guy or Villain... #S_Villain till the end
A BIG FUCC YOU TO EVERY WOMAN I DATED, FUCCED AND EVERYTHING ELSE.
Now what am I going to do ?
that end of the day feeling, surprised it's still early.....at least seems so
Looks like the bad weather is over for now.
Glad you like it! I wish I hadn't been there.. not fun.
Then, if we followed that up with the same record's "Take the A Train," there's be dancing in the streets. And world peace.
RT : "my fucking ass dick face brother"-Gina. Oh my dear lord.
Humidity never really bothered me--just allergies
Find the right insurance policy for you. The ACE Platinum Portfolio best meets the needs of owners of luxury homes.ttp://goo.gl/rDnBM
can I just tell you..that I love you<U+2665>
Karah you did NOT
“: that's a little late.” we still have a year
no problem :)
rain falling on roof :: building wheels :: my day feels perfect.
keep your head up hun! #lifeisgood you just have to figure out how to enjoy it!
So Damn tired of making biscuits. Is this how Marilyn Monroe felt???
I'm SO glad Tj was home this weekend to take me to Esperanza like he promised!! #ohwait <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
we heard a couple of our drivers were on earlier this evening, any chance it will play again at 10?
thanks doll face! :))
Sonic 4 Episode 2 hasn't been available on my Xbox. I am beyond angry. :(
Can't wait to get my hands on iBooks Author. Very cool thing coming from Apple.
Dancing in the streets!
You act just like my father, haha...
oh, well in that case
Change of dates: Will be in Los Angeles March 28-31 now, instead. Mark your calendars, friends :)
When in Arizona be sure to visit our friends
Wedding photos being taken on the steps of humanities bldg!!!
I can't stop watching Doctor Who.
Coffee in the courtyard with :)
i was singing it and she said you're out of tune and you're hurting my ears.
’s collaboration w represented smart approach 2 the #arts as part of Chicago’s overall economic development
Goodnight peeps
Why is it November? Where did summer and all of fall go?
back to android tommorrow
says the ginger
A big thank you to all the rushes who came out tonight to bowl with the brothers of #UBAKPsi! We hope you had a lot of fun!
Refreshed and ready for Bday drinks! Birthday cake/cupcakes from devoured! Now dinner and drinks!
Very good find! :)
Oh god if Kristen plays that lady with the oxygen mask I will roll around the floor
Twitter is made for games like this
its so hard for me to finish a drawing or sketch, cause i get distracted so fast, most of the things i do are like half way done
#sxswLAM check the #il2011 ebook threads today. interesting asks of the tech, the publishing, the licensing, the data collected
not my thing; but good luck. I'm sure someone on here can do this.
I'm here when ever you need me:)
I'm loosing followers! why?!?!
Student final semester is about to start!! Congratulations to all of the students in the Winter Semester!
its called Reckon?
“: Once a #Cancer set their heart on someone, they don't want to lose them.”
The American flag flies over a nation that has been recentered many times from the voting booth
“: Every time I see that Foster Friess crack I want to throw something at the tv.” / I want ice cream! ;-)
Ppl use social network to pretend to be all deep and positive when in reality its the complete opposite
Bret is now running from Helenville to Sullivan trail head.
come see me!
Hey Tweeps, we're creating an Alley Katz station just for you! Let us know what artists you want to hear & we'll load it up 4 U!
thanks for the encouragement. It was great fun!
Done deal - buys - wonder if that will help :-) bit.ly/j6PO8f
Today in 1861, Florida joined the Confederacy.
Great idea: What if we had a system for identifying each party's "top automatons?" based on voting/language.
Could someone in room 112 turn on the mics. There is NO Audio. Would like to follow Republicans discuss State Budget
tired going to sleep
Scared my roommate so bad with all the ghost stories.. I promise Petey and Grimace don't live here! We just have a new friend :)
Yes, she's gonna get in the way of fucking everything
Spurs win! #PuroPincheSpurs!!
Michael, staying in boca , caught you last night with kelly Dunn...before Ron brewer, my news gal on rock 104!
I finally sent off some items to 8-Limbs Boutique in LA!
I feel like shaking his crutches to express various emotions is not what Sean Payton's doctor recommended...
IT WAS GLORIOUS
I thought it was Favre_4_ INT......
I lost YOUR trust? I never wanted it in the first place! You never had mine.
As extremely hard as it is getting up in the morning, I find it gets a whole lot easier once I actually manage to get out of the bed.
Fantasy Baseball Deep League Waiver Wire Pickups, Week 6 Batters
Picoso will be playing at Folklife on Saturday May 28th at the Mural Ampitheater Stage. Come join us!
yeah, its kinda like getng ur dream girl, except she 20yrs older w kids now...
true that! That one of my favorites also.
buy 1 get 1 free! I'll give u a good family discounted, for u... $00.00! ;)
There is no such thing as "fleeting" wisdom...great things endure...
my professors always joke about that.
*imitates asian guy getting a tattoo inn the beginning of Ninja Assassinn*.......................... *funny face* A NINJA?
Bagel is delicious, though slightly under toasted.
I swear..Rihanna so cute in the Battleship trailer lol
FERPA involves identifiable student data. I assume a profile should fall under that definition and be protected.
Bout to get a tattoo with my mamma. >:)
and that last tweet wasn't a joke... i wish it was though -___-
Thank god for another day, for more breath, and the ability to use my limbs, to be able to talk and think on my own
RT The price of success is much lower than the price of failure. Zig Ziglar ...amen to that
Good morning everybody. Including Celtics and Heat fans.
thanks man you too!
Passed the cdl test finally yeah son.
Check out our jams! www.myspace.com/iamforyoumn
“: Hey Dad, this is fucking bullshit.” your so bad Jesus!!!
Hopefully some of the girls will come back Mac
Man, Air show cancelled! So many people put in so much time and effort, plus I had lots of drinking plans...ruined!
congratulations David, and the rest of the team... well deserved !
« « RT if you're thankful today for #mubb!»»
I loved the fact that #30Rock gave a mention to #GameofThrones tonight! I felt the same way... I felt the same way...
that is FUCKING HOT!!
": BREAKING: Pipe bomb threat blocks busy Kendall Drive @ SW 132 Avenue."
"I guess I wanted to be like that, like a character. I took the idea of creating an identity..."
While watching #househunters on I question why a short sale isn't simply called a long sale, especially when it takes so long.
HUNGER GAMES!!!! <3
people say nothing is impossible, but i do nothing everyday!
You should bring me food ;)
nice liking the thickness in ya body :)
Only if you come party with me Saturday night at Kremlin!
wish that upon my worst enemy I'm serious I would actually feel bad & I always do when I hear that someone's having a baby.
listening to Diego. where are those wireless headphones?
Thanks for the follow
Agree we like the conversational aspect of it and background but LET'S GO!
ahaha ikk:) plus I feel 10xx more attractive on twitter then fb because people are a lot nicer like you lol:)
SPECIAL VALENTINES DISC. FOR OUR TWITTER FRIENDS! STOP BY FOR A FREE GIFT! ENTER FREE VALENTINES DRAWING! CHECK US OUT,RETWEET ,LUCY C XOXOx
As a Christian the term happy Halloween offends me and as it should all Christians and yet no politian or company is changing it's name.
my god, someones in love with you lol
Holy high kick! It's ok Randy, hopefully you come back!
cheating bastards aided by the mexican ref. weak.
There's quite a bit of Taiwanese organizations out there. Can't believe i'm just figuring this out.
Alright this is enough for now :) so how's everybody's day so far? :)
LOL at and arguing about getting girls on the internet, i think you both should just go outside and get real gfs.
well, i don't feel like talking to anyone else. So no. Not a resort.
Communication PREVENTS disaster!
hey guy!..are u pissing on my trash cans guy! Cmon guy!
This amazing Flammkuchen shall be eaten by me.
: I hate lunch time
ha! Never heard that one before, but I like it.
RT Omg. I am 130 pounds. I should be 120. Time for a serious diet/exercise regimen. No sodas, excess sugars, or fast foods.
Now I have 24 hours to figure out the rest of my ballot, including WHICH ballot I'll be voting.
REALLY EXCITED FOR #BELIEVE love you!:D
No....sometimes we should complain. We can't be doormats, you know? You are wonderful, but I want you to be good to Isaac :)
can make my day 54893058 times better, and i will never be able to thank him enough.
Another new thin for Adrienne at 6am. I heard the opening for Elliott in the morning
"Hold on man, I'm putting on my shoes!!!" :)
Tell me...what are you doing for FUN today? It's Monday but every day is a chance to have some FUN!
==Boom=== Mind blown.
do u kno who tht is ??
Innocence is strength most high
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily - Zig Ziglar. Keep smiling.
if its that you got rid of my Springsteen CDs in your cleaning frenzy today then I'm canceling my return flight.
yes, most definitely.
Tuesday Jazz Jam at Stober's 10PM.
Stan studies the dead psychic's master list of 100 questions marks ask. "For every unusual question there will be fifty you have had before"
Can't sleep out of my pain medicine and arm hurts bad!
DD will have 6 catches and 76 yards against the Bills
Your source for Brazilian Hardwood Flooring
was just thinking same thing....right back at u beauty....love u fab peeps! ;)
lol! For now! I think I've slept for almost 16 hours total today
Im the only that can tell this story
You said this is why the Orange schedules weak early, because of their tough BE schedule. Well UConn scheduled tough.
Please don't forget about your local shelters.Any donations are appreciated. Let's try & help the less fortunate have a Happy Thanksgiving
that boy needs a jacket on! Preferably BLUE.
good to see you and catch up today, ping me for some ideas
it was the death of me.
Thanks, Karen!
Well first off it's from a show. Second, Asians aren't supposed to make mistakes. You'll hurt their pride.
RT : He's being humble...very good designer & developer!!!
Today represents the smallest slate of games we've had since April 5 ...
It's the profile picture. *swoon*
Hope all you Farm Heads had a terrific Tuesday!! Come by tomorrow and receive one top shelf gram of your choice w/ minimum $60 donation!!!
happy to hear that!!! :)
i sent you a direct message
YES ": With a 13 eps for S5, I say 2-hour for each episode...yes/yes? #Fringe"
Putting in mad work on this project can't wait to finish mixing it, S/O to all the awesome musicians and ppl that supported this...
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME! :))
I'm not at all I just was pullin for the nuggets in this one
hell yeah baby!
Pretty sure that living social thinks I'm a 13 year old boy. Got deals for MMA tickets, race car driving and hot air balloon rides today.
Got Thanksgiving Plans? If you need to share a car, we recommend reserving early for this busy holiday.
Ah yes. That part turned out to be true.
good looking out on that link!
Jalen you going to murray too?
My 2nd resolution was to quit all Facebook games. I'm sure I can find plenty of things to do with the time. 8 Days down.
Love the lilac bush blooming in my front window & that it's warm enough to put a fan in the window to blow the scent through the house. :)
Would help if I was CC'd on the ticket - my team opened it and it got escalated to me.
TGIF! Are you working out or relaxing this weekend?
lol gettin up there old man dont worry glo is gunna be 23 .. that should make you feel better it always makes me feel better lol
So i can officially say I'm thankful for Jus being able to move my fingers thank god
There might not be anything more boring than watching Tim Tebow give an interview. What a nerd.
Why do all train station men's rooms smell exactly the same?
I LOVE #carlossantana! His riff in Lauryn Hill's "ex-factor" is haunting. His songs ain't bad either!
No prob! I'm an avid #RewardsNetwork member! RT : Glad u r enjoying the program thx for the shout out!
A frog just jumped on my toe ... ewwwww! ))):
dude I wanna be like FaZe Temper!!!!!!!!
morning babe,goin to school, have a great day(: <3
Now listening to David Lindahl, U. of Rochester about eXtensible Catalog.
Coworker: You'll believe I'm bipolar soon. Me: I already do. Coworker: Hahaha! That's not funny. Case in point.
"Don't be afraid to be amazing!" ~Andy Offutt Irwin~
My New Word Of The Year Is Honestly Bro. Thanks
Awww thanks, girl! (:
Pre-ordered books are coming in! Feel free to hit us up with questions if you have them.
Me too, small world...
hey whats up now
I made it to Copenhagen. Having a fun time with my hubby. We leave on our cruise tomorrow.
Thanks to all who supported the 6th Walk for Children's Health. We raised awareness about hunger and fetal stroke.
I wanted Fergie and Reba to do a duet!
Today's South Carolina poll results are stunning. Romney suddenly takes the lead and by 17 points! This thing could be over.
Who's up for some flapjacks?
Good ass fight so far
he was lmfao:D
MAKIN MOVES HBU?
Waiting for forever(:
RT : Azure sessions by full of usefulness
He is a toura de freshman theatre club! -V
I think the authority debate still muddy the waters when looking at the future of museums
You are both more than enough. You are fabulous.
lmao this bitch better be ready
I'm so jealous today is the last day of school for Anchorage. Mines next Tuesday. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
but a new day is here, i think its time to embrace it :)
I wanna be so happy that when other people look at me, they become happy too.
text me so i can have your number to hit u up later
Pica's vs Santuccis?
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today =) 88
Let's go hoosiers!
Actually wound up with some time to write today. :) Hope everyone enjoys the last day of February 2010!
www.pokerbucketlist.com This is quite interesting, I am interested to see if this is going to work out well for Bo Fric. But check it out
Filming pick up shot tomorrow-off to bed:)
7 more followers until I'm at 30! Please keep helping! Thanks #twitnation!
You can love me or hate me but dont EVER try to change me...
thanks for the follow. I would love to get some tracks for the rotation.
'I thought I was acting correctly': Swedish politician
OMG I just got complimented on my eyebrows!! Yess I've been waiting for that one! Hahaha
you ain't ready
This is why we love it so, and why each rereading can inspire entirely new feelings.
Top of the morning to ya world!
- bout time!
RT Anyone have a relationship with a gas station owner or operator? Would love an introduction for a short business convo.
latest images in by Wayne, Steven, Steve, Peter E, Peter K and Dan - last call e-mail going out to remaining 16 photogs
Please follow and RT if you review tweets you will see why... Thank you.
if we win, we're taking with us on a shopping spree :)
Life is not so bad if you have plenty of luck, a good physique and not too much imagination. ~ Christopher Isherwood
thanks to for being a Facebook fan too! :)
Sorry but mwPGamer already won... however I will be posting more trivia today!
but the charger doesnt reach my bed and I'm too lazy to get out of bed. Ugh. Hahahab (:
Remind me. Is peanut butter a fruit or vegetable? Just wanna make sure I got all my food groups today.
any investors interested?? :D you never know!! RT : You should open up a Nail Salon that only shows sports on TV...
rock on, dudes!
Isaiah10:1-2 Woe to those who make unjust laws, to those who issue oppressive decrees...making widows their prey and robbing the fatherless.
I know I talk a lot of Kings Of Leon, but I honestly think they are one of the best bands of our time.
please follow me?:)
u already shnow
hahahah I couldn't stop staring at it, it's so cute
Have you seen the pictures of these monsters I've been posting?
I'm getting my color done next week. Long past due.
Thanks to everyone who came out to #SpeakingOfFebruary4th!!
I bet you them fake OKC fans don't even know they used to be the super sonics
Fun with dick and jane reminds me so much of my parents
you should follow
thanks man! I only like my hair blonde & black when it's short, when it was long it just looked weird to me :I DAMN HAIRS.
- good point on poisoning...i say yes to some degree...there has to be some correlation to long term illness...idk
level or slightly up
Had to get ready in quite a hurry.. so now the hunt for coffee is on :)
If you could tattoo something on my body, what would it be and where would it go?
Shoutout to at the Rural Libraries Conference. Anyone else conferencing this month?
Come watch the Flyers' game AND the Green Legion Girls Casting Call tonight at King's Oak in the Piazza!!
KEYC - Mankato News, Weather, Sports -State of emergency lifted amid Pa. stun ... - KEYC TV
JZK : ) - Where'd they go? It says the user does not exist.
Playoff basketball starts now. Leave it all on the floor because next time is NOT guaranteed!
Oh my goodness, Twitter... my shoulders are just numb with pain! I knew prepping for that project would do this, but just... wow. WOW.
Down to 9! Come on #Kentucky!
not happening. Went out w/ Wummel last night. A night in for me tonight. How long are you staying? I'd like to see you.
Im sad that never followed us from playlist...urg a
TV commercials suck ass....
We're collecting toys at our station in Decatur & @ IL College in Jacksonville. It's our "Spirit of Giving" event to help out Toys for Tots.
Thanks for the favorite! How's your weekend?
One can often learn something new every day just by being a librarian. Investigate anything interesting?
Getting ready to release these new songs ! Get stoked
Electrical Engineer - Wheeling, IL; www.bjorksten.com/careers
what ya do now
not at all. i just didn't understand. no worries. how are you?
O, that is a tough one! I like the plane pic simply because you can see your face more...
I SO heart urban pl8!
": Heard you boys are coming to the states soon! You better hit me up punk!!"
Eating hard boiled eggs in public.
Community Showcase posters!
I hate when #companies use #twitter to say something then use a link that has nothing to do with it. Shit way to get traffic on their site.
hahaha no not at all. he's amazing. I'm just still bitter lol
sucks for you!
I just want to breathe the same air as the Obamas
If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint,' then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced. ~ Vincent Van Gogh
Good morning Twitter, long time no tweet! How is everyone today?
Happy Birthday!!!
so good to have you back again!
his staff stole money from veterans for his campaign. Some patriot, huh?"
Make sure to #LendaFreeHand to someone in your life each and every day!
Us too!RT: “: Grabbing yourself a late lunch at the dog house? What're you getting?We love the hot sausage with andouille sauce.”
RT : Patio time!
Happy Independence Day Brazil! How do Brazilians celebrate this day?
everything man. How you been?
We added this too! :) MT : missing from assets is our visitors/users/communities; *they* shape and change museums
Manning a booth at a career fair. Interesting.
happy birthday matt! :]
haha we just replied the exact same thing to
Thanks for the perfect weather today !!!
The Maryland Historical Society will present "The History of Thoroughbred Racing in Maryland" on Thursday April 7 at 6 pm. Michael Finney
Follow my sis and watch her celeb interviews on Youtube Starstruck Channel.
RT : When I fly I only wish for 3 things: no obese ppl, no musty ppl, & no crying children. Is that too much to ask?
Volvo discount parts
:)xx how are u?
That confused moment when you pull up to work and realize you left your lunch at home on the countertop! Smh. Ah!!
Use your experience in your experiments to achieve your expectations
No problem! :-)
RT : come do it then! cuz you know i can make your night you wanna get it!
Congrats to all involved in the making of this film
US Military. Interstate Highway System. TVA Dams & Waterways. US Army Corp of Engineers. State Universities. All SOCIALISM, all the time.
Everybody knows how to raise children, except the people who have them
bottling our Hop in Top, Fire Light Ale and Witty White Wheat on the 22nd, if all goes well
Happy birthday Sara!! Happy Belated birthday to Joe, and Ryan!!
2NiTE @ Andy's Join Sunday Jazz Jam Session - 11 E Hubbard @ 9pm. Musicians Free - $10 Admin. Vocalists Welcome. Love to Have You.
Who are the people of #washington #dc? Check out bit.ly/u6RHyv show us what do you do everyday! Help define the identity of DC!
Double fudge cookie dough icecream after a long meet :')
we're working on making that a reality for you soon!
These day's friends should be chosen wisely.....you have choosie friends who act like choosie lovers.
I'm not friends with so many people. RT : "YOLO Time" is trending!
Agree. Love him. RT Would love to see #Eagles select #Florida RB Chris Rainey. Offer dynamic ability to the offense & ST.
Today's forecast: positive with a 75% chance of opportunity. Radar indicates isolated random acts of kindness so be sure to wear your smile
what about you? :)
#resume #tips The time for an updated resume is now before you really need it and hurry the process.
grandma's for dinner!
Oh yes, definitely a great song!
Happy Monday everyone!
Oh, hello.
May or may not be listening to 90's rap to get me through this last 30 minutes of work
That's all u need to know about a wingnut.
thank you!!!
augh I know I'm worried about it but this whole time I was applying for IN jobs while living in CT so it might be a bit easier now
love that song!
I had him i C last year though.
Left leg is asleep. Nothing else matters. Fuck.
followed:D
Ghostbusters on Bravo....still the GOAT in my book. "This chick is toast!"
god bless any bacon specialists.
I started writing a book tonight... wonder how that will turn out
The basic fact about human existence isnt that it is a tragedy but that it is a bore It is not so much a war as an endless standing in line
every ICONiacz dream!!!!
im your biggest fan!! iwrite your name on everything like all my binders and in PEN!!
this generation of disney sucks ballz.
My roommate is singing in the shower... It sounds like the cries of a bear having its head smashed in with a shovel....
On my way to school :/!
I need more friends.. Mine are always too busy -___-
ima come up one of these days and have a water fight like the old days and go to the hospital to eat. Lmao #childhood <3
Just caught ' MY SUCKY TEEN ROMANCE, which is anything but sucky. It's actually painfully cute, and quite fun. Kudos, Emily!
sure it is... O_o
Hey - If you'll bring a Roadster to the #NASASocial for us to test drive, I can guarantee a lot of positive tweeting! :)
Working on some really amazing frame graphics for your prints or website or whatever! We may make a unique category just for those.
Celebrity hair stylist Ben Cooke's Digital Spy blog: Spring Styles - Digital Spy UK
#teamfollowback. Seriously, i follow ALL WHO FOLLOW BACK. but you have to follow back (:
Well my first is body works and my second is upstairs so I guess gyms? (:
Can you say you broke a sweat at work playing ping pong? Yes, I can.
RT if you how to wu-tang. ( its a dance. )
I wanna do more shopping today...i think i just might do that!.
need some excitement in my life now please
I could eat pepperoni bread for the rest of my life.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for you’ll be criticized anyway. You’ll be damned if you do, and damned if you don’t. -...
Back feeling a lot better. Still wanna go to the doctor and make sure aint nothing wrong. Gotta keep my health intact.
": Why do people bring the negative? The shit is whack just like your thinking."
Had a wonderful time on my short overnight trip to visit Christien in Toronto. :-) beautiful
Up and I can't go back to sleep
Sleeping on the coach was ignorant.
Good first day!
#whatilove being single! :)
Love your enemies bless them that curse you do good to them that hate you and pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you.
Already getting ready for the 20th Annual 9 Mile Music Festival!!!!! 2013! Who's excited?
lmfaoo , I'm just kidding but yeah it is . I think they're trying to flirt with you .
In a hole nother world right now !.
Weird question- has anyone on here found (or know someone who found) a kidney donor through social media?
"Love Repair - The Movie" • Starring: Miss Mykie & Marcus Manchild •
oh nos... it says #Hive is going to take 9.6 man-years. That's going to put us about 4.3 calendar-years over schedule ;)
Why open source? Control over our own destiny.
Attending a retreat with lots of smart people who think about doing good; women like Maggie Williams and Randi Weingarten smart and fun.
Yesterday, had a great time at the beach with my mom, her friend Donna, John, and Shaun. Today we're off to Knott's Berry Farm!
Sending an #FF to ! Today marks a month since yall followed me & made me the happiest girl in the whole world! Love yall! <33
hahaha she fears the jolly roger.
as you should - what amazing news :) good job Mom!
Reggie should lighten up on Lebron. There's nothing wrong with getting counsel from legends. It shows maturity and respect for past greats.
Skol! RT : Matt Kalil excited to play in the "great city of Minnesota." I'm sure they'll work on that ...
what's that?
Why does every show on Nick have to have singing, that's usually not all that good anyway.....
I agree
If you love movies, we love you!
Wine Tasting 101: Nose-identify fruits- fresh, dry, ripe, lean, citrus, tree, stone, berries, melons. Nonfruits- flowers, herbs, spices, etc
remember thismorning Christ beat death this morning for u and that u overcame the statistics of death,and are alive this morning
JCP rebrand & price strategy is like a NFL team with no playoff hopes that decided not to punt on 4th down. Fun to watch, but not important
30 MINUTES to get your tweet to us about your #mother for chance to WIN -- HAPPY #Mother'sDay
If you write one story, it may be bad; if you write a hundred, you have the odds in your favor. - Edgar Rice Burroughs
yeah girl I understand.!
Hi Mickenna.. I hope you are feeling better. Have a great day. Hugs, Allen
that puppy is really effing cute. Enjoy while still a puppy.
New post: Kenwood KCAIP301V Apple iPod USB Direct Cable
You are welcome David. Your presentation was enlightening and fun... You are Puuuuuurrrrrrssssssiiiiiaaaannnn!
hit me up later nigga
SUNDAY BLUNTDAY!! The best part of the weekend! Come and get $2 off Blunt Subs!!
Nothing worth having was ever achieved without effort. -Theodore Rosevelt
Love u Bea
At with for their From Print To Web workshop, enjoying an Angry Orchard. Really looking forward to this!
I'm literally in love with my iPhone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Goodnight moon.
#C.R.E.A.M. and be sure to always keep your
When I am in your eyes nothing brings me down
How's it going?
all new !! Ashton Kutcher was on today. He does look like Jesus with the beard...
well that's cool but this girl was showing one off in the bathroom line. It was weird.
I'm right here boo boo!
wave back to Coco. Nyx is telecommuting today after some very bad behavior last week- locking up work computers
let's go #Fakers go Home! Lol!“: The first Game 7 goes to the Rangers. Next up, #Lakers vs. #Nuggets.”
We're glad to hear you had a great birthday dinner!
Twitter is pretty cool funtimes. I wish more of my friends used it though. :(
Too many issues gov't. doesn't belong.....many are private, individual decisions. No government support for/against those issues.
Me and pooped on that physics test
plz follow me plz follow me plz follow me plz follow me
Thank you so much! You should come out to a show soon!
Everybody go follow She's AWESOME, bubbly, cute, and OUTGOING! Please retweet this people and
(: remember follow RFT this!
Hope everyone had a lovely Easter! <3
Girl, I didn't... i took care of my shit.
I'm calm and collected now. Lol. I made some bombass brownies btw (:
you'll be seeing me and your biggest fan at Webster Hall on Friday! remember her? she cried in your arms at FBR15
It's slushing in hazel dell!
#FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE my 11:11 11/11 wish never did come true..... It was a follow from you(:
brand new cheese grater is already orange with rust, wtf? Items used in food preparation shouldn't rust, ew
Yes, it's cool that some Twitter apps let you post to multiple accounts but I too often post from the *wrong* account. I hate that!
Also reading See You At The Top body and mind need to both get in shape
where you going??
are you sad that Austin is leaving, when do you think you'll see him again?
please follow meplease follow me please please follow me please foolow me please follow me please
#YouKnowYoureDrunkWhen you call your officer papi.
This is the future of "journalism". Once you start giving credit to people who don't deserve credit, writing is meaningless.
I love that and are loving each other. That's what I love to see!
#Beets #detoxify your #liver! Try some on your salad!
I'm Ina nappin kinda mood
Awesome. Thanks Amy!
Thanks D
Great way to put it!
Hm the Lawrence Welk Show.
I AM THE HAPPIEST GIRL EVER . I AM SO SO EXITED . JUST SAW . LOVE YOU GUYS! YOU MADE MY DAY . REALLY <U+2665>
won The Glee Project!!! Ah!! Ah!!! Woooohoooooooo!ooooooooohhhhhh mm Gooooooosssssshhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!
- If you have a new project coming out, be sure to drop us a DM :)
NorthStar, which built and sold computer in the late 1970's, was originally called "Kentucky Fried Computers".
hey jessica woo.. Miss you too:)
Such a beautiful day. Sweet jazz band playing in downtown, kids laughing and playing, people holding hands... Life is beautiful.
Whats worse is when they mess up and give you a Supreme.
Highlight so far: "Plaintiffs do not explain their decision to seek acceptance of the minimum standards as the maximum standard." #GSU #bam!
It's a well-deserved chip on my shoulder for They're poor customer service continues to plague me.
Did you kick'em in the shins?
Let your GOPer know that you don't appreciate his signing Norquist Tax pledge to keep Middle Class Taxes Higher so corp taxes can be lower!
My gosh it's hot, wet and steamy in Tampa today
Such a big help! I know this will come in handy! RT : Want some help navigating the traffic in LA? Try
at this rate, making it to 30 will be some sort of amazing feat
All because of DJ with his beats by Dre and turn tables
**Looking for sponsors in #Baltimore for wonderful scholarship non-profit program; plz message or email
bah. You love feelings. Also I am invested because I miss old JJ.
ALWAYS WINNING!!!!
HOW MANY ROBOTZ ARE READY FOR A CONTEST?! RETWEET THIS IF YOU WANT A #RObotz BRACELET! :)
Our mind can shape the way things will be because we act according to our expectations. Federico Fellini #quote”
Like the Bears, Vikings, and Patriots, even one Redwings fan is a fan too many.
be weird never be lame
Sustainability now an oppty not a constraint. Good to hear Alfred Marcus from CSOM and be at Business & Environment
Hope y'all are staying safe from #tornadoes!
Quail Brush Generation Plant community workshop goes on with hours of public testimony, two full rooms of people opposed to project.
I could be wrong about Latin America.
Lunch Special of the day: chicken or steak fajita plate for $6, served with rice, beans, lettuce, tomato, and flour or corn tortillas!
Prayers for your town from Nashville TN - remembering how traumatic floods are
Would that make newspapers the second draft? RT : Shulman: "Twitter is the first draft of history."
Accupuncture this AM. Reflexology & pedicare this afternoon! Taking care of me this weekend! Busy summer! Season is changing in my mind.
If you are seeing thunder, lighting, or even funnel clouds in Newberg-Dundee area, please share your photos/ video with us at
Bus leads to glee noche excelente
Going to Mexico for business? Consider Kidnap & Ransom insurance. Drug wars are dictating that this might be your least expensive option.
Beautiful morning in #Indy!
woke up ~5 minutes ago and saw the MMS I got from your wife... advantage of an IR thermometer is it didn't have to touch your junk
ur amazing and i tell all my friends who dont know who u are and they like u and are now mahomies
hahah no way!
#Browns draft QB Brandon Weeden with the 22nd pick in the
Hi neighbor!
if this was an article, I'd say perfect < done. ;)
I agree I've heard them all day
yep u got it! We looking alike right abt now! Lol
: Aw. I want raspberries. Aw.
It's so sunny outside. (:
What kind of fun are you up to today?
what happened? You guys were awesome for us tonight
right here! -hugs-
Watch the Blazers complete an incredible comeback tonight. And then let me know all about because #ripcity is letting one rip tonight
I just like my Android phones...I don't want to think too much, just give me a flat rate and be done with it. Overages suck.
Just learned how to type an em dash on a PC: hold down the alt key and type 0151 on the numeric keypad. PCs are weird.
#100thingsihate my boyfriend :)
you shouldnt even have a sancha, save your money lol.
that tweet is for me, I am JoeShow. Hi!
listening to Ed Sheeran's "Small Bump", the video may be simple, but it's powerful :'(
Welcome To The City of NYC!!! Welcome To Gang Green!!! Your A Great Player Coming To A Great Team, Wish You Nothing But The Best!
hi mom
i'm not sure about start dates of the other internships. If you see one that's unfilled and you're interested, send an email.
RT Professional courtesy: do you extend it and to what point? / Sure, as much as I can. Hard to answer here esp w/RT text!
Check out our coverage of downtown Baltimore and how businesses are surviving. Some great pics too!!
Putting groceries in the car & some jerk waiting for my parking spot starts honking his horn at me. I turn to look & it's the ex-hubs. >:(
Christy Turlington Burns - lame. One more reason the term "supermodel" should be banished. She's brainwashed, too.
Funny thing how you first meet the woman that you marry. I first met the wife in a tunnel of love. She was digging it. ~ Les Dawson
"That was awesome"
Heading to a beekeeping class for my story airing at 1pm today...I hope I get to see the queen (and that I don't get bitten!)
Thanks very much! cant wait to read: I WORE THE OCEAN IN THE SHAPE OF A GIRL
Tyler don't role like that he is too homo
Um.... its been drying for 3 DAYS!!!!! Its dry enough for you to continue your work. I'm tired of excuses about why they can't work.
Truth RT : #Obama2012slogans: "Stop calling undocumented workers "illegal aliens - they are unregistered Democrats!
yeah just hit me up I be on here I follow everyone who follow me it's nothing but love
Congrats to - have fun. Take lots of digital video.
Got abt 6 mosquito bites messing with my daddy
Hi! ! Welcome to Twitter! You will have so much fun!
You tryna pass me bitch it's impossible
no problem...nice work!
Pottermore is getting addicting..
. thanks for checking out for sharing business expertise!
Ugh fights..
don't forget the oil change
I meant check out from chez Taylor, hehe. If not no big deal :)
I thought we were hanging out tomorrow?
"my hair looks a mess." "yours? theres gray growing out of my weave!" um...?
YESS!!!!!!!!!! omg that sounds so good right now
So it seems that you have resolved today: violence is the only answer. Merry merry in W-S.
I am an exception! We have been pretty much perfect since we met! #nevereverhastherebeenaproblem (:
my friend suggested i combat insecuirty by displaying all of my phd admissions letters. good idea. too bad i only kept the rejections.
still waiting... . .
our pride is insane here last weekend of June. I know we'd all love to see ya here.
Im thinging of the old Times in the kindergarten :)
Not gonna lie, The Dictator is hilarious!
I think that all future Muppet drummers should be modeled after JJ Jones of // super Birchmere show tonight
I wanna beat your face in until it's gone
Missed that pass interference call..
Outrageous Bargains loll
#M83 is my soundtrack for the day/week/month.
Follow me?(:
Thanks! Got new tenni-go-fasters.
You are most welcome kindly Knight.
“ should be an actress she has amazing talent and passion for it so if u dnt like her than u dnt know what a TRUE FRIEND is “”
hate on 1D or their girlfriends...
Nokia’s 41-megapixel camera phone launches this month
I'm sure I will ! haha but I miss you.. so I'll come back just for you :)
wow dude i got a 68
#ATTENTION ONE PERSON FOLLOW PLEASE?.
Get "face2face" with in an exclusive + hangout! Win your way in at 8p on NOW 100.5 :)
The NBA passed 5million twitter followers - by far the most of any sports league. NFL 3.3 mil, MLB 2 mil, NHL 1.1 mil
what said. craft beer lovin ladies represent!
RT : If you don't believe in what you do you can't lead what you do.
Parked on Alberta Street? Move yer car! Vehicles need to get off the street by 5pm for
Fabricating Lies is not becoming!
wouldn't that be nice :)
that awkward moment when you realize why flirting with the hubby failed... because your wearing a mud mask! #OOPS! D=
Does anybody knows what happend to Frank Curzio's podcast?
My last conversation was with 14 people who can't say "breakfast" correctly. 13 are kids. What I wouldn't give for an Interregnum debate.
and don't go thinking that this was a waste of time i couldn't forget you if I tried.
if you think you're humble, you're not humble
Adam and Eve, Adam and Steve, Autumn and Eve. All the same to me.
we will love the vocals
I'll take it! E-mail me your cell
HAHA! Not in my brain!
Powers out on my grid
It's a good early morning here... So many things are out of the way already and it's half past 8
I can't see th keyboard in xruibr
I like that Facebook and Twitter light up for a thunderstorm more than for an earthquake. I'm too cool to post about it though. Wait. DAMMIT
how is your season going?
THANK THE GOOD LORD MY BABY COME OUT OF SURGERY GOOD YESTERDAY AND SHES DOING GREAT TODAY
Let's not forget the beautiful and talented farrah that lost her life yesterday too!!
people's mind will change and you should be here to see that.
THIS is funny.
Chapman desperately needs a dank, go-to breakfast spot.
Thats funny. I thought i was the only one. I just got one cuz my cousin told me i should
Yeah, the other is more efficient, but I think we should go with
thank you for watchin!
Just ate an amazing dinner with an amazing woman.... Ok.... Time for a cold one :)
There are more women in America age 51 than any other age.
Hm...tend to think glitzy gimmick...don't think it transforms learning.
I know you trying to get creative with my love ..
Aight RT Nap time.... somebody call n wake me for work at 9:30
Lotion after spandex
You're looking lovely today, Mrs. Clever?
Thanks for the link to 's post on info leakage!
Thanks for the RT of my wine adventure on #LongIsland Greatly appreciated
Haha, awesome. That's what I need right about now. Hope you're having a good week!
Lololol, the couch doesn't fit around the corner..
I wanna buy a tribal skirt&wear it with my Toms to school but if i do I'll get judged..
And we LOVED worshipping with you all, too! Such a blessing!
If you were on a deserted island and you could only bring one item, how come people never say "A boat"
my mom is on the computer and now I'm scared. Lol if she makes one I'm gonna have to protect my tweets. And I like getting rts
TIP: if you're a marketer and you don't think like your customer, you might as well not think at all.
Getting money. Staying out the way!!.
what am I sharing
hahaha hi Christian (:
#MBFW starts next week!! Must find tickets to a least 1 show...
Haven't wagered on soccer in a while bro... What's new? What are you doing in Italy? Where are you?
lol hurry ur ass up I'm serious
RT Somedays I could seriously go for a lunch back at the Saint X Tiger Den
Long weekend of volleyball. Now time to relax and lay by the pool <U+2600>
let's be clear. Weeden and team will run over ou's defense. The entire state needs to figure out defense.
WTF SIXERS ARE WINNING......these old celtics better but some Bengay on they knees..and WAKE UP
Better than "Destroyer"! :)
tell him if I had the pacers the heat would lose again lol
I definitely like the draw. UCONN could be a tough matchup for them IF they beat Iowa State.
do tell.
I'm going to be seriously pumping out some gorgeous mosaic art pieces! Ready, set...I'm running to my art room!
Congrats on completing the CORO program. We've got to do something to celebrate. I owe you a nice dinner in the city : )
My 8 year old brother just told me he needs to rethink his life. And he was so serious! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
they said hello and kewl wat r u doin on here
I wore a hooded sweatshirt today.... Are you kidding me?
I'll be sorry to finish reading your memoir it's beautiful and wise.
I was there Sunday
BAM!!!! Calling It A Night Im On Old Folks Time Today In The Bed By NINE - DAMN!
waiting for summer concert season to start :)))
Universal Dance & Drum Ensemble now performing at our Youth event. Beautiful History!
Eric marshall! Bitch im at yo neck next time i see you ima smack you ! Teach you to stop runnin yo mouth
oh no. You didn't like it? :(
whr ru? Did you ditch us #dcnyc10 for #santacon ?
Oh yes. I have a Tardis cookie jar on my desk at work and Serenity on my keychain.
LOL! RT : "I'm on a whisky diet. I've lost three days already." - Tommy Cooper
UNC-Duke , DJ John from Video Killers at 10:30, time to get some o' that Wildeman and be a Wildman
I know I'm so awful! Haha I swear I thought I was!
That is great. I will definately watch David
Oh great being transferred for the fourth time. -_-
When I turn 21 and I are gonna go to memphis and hit up Beale Street.
wow. i guess i didnt follow you for the sense of humor. done - unfollowed.
Working from home is infinitely more satisfying than having to go in somewhere
Wish I could take the credit, but our guys did a great job. Thanks.
Brainstorming with about their #international program. Love programs that call for global collaboration
": Pray about everything, and worry about nothing."
always remember the basics I guess
is so extremely grateful for everything that was donated towards my trip to atlanta! can't wait to see what God has in store :)
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please!! 5
had the honor of working with Michael Jackson on the Radio Music Awards show in Vegas back in 2003. The world lost a great performer! RIP!
i woke up at 10 but I've refused to move, LYNN CANT EVEN TAKE US!
is live! follow for the latest on New Orleans. re-tweeter to launch Oct 5!
RT this so i can get more followers? haha help me get to 900 EVERYONE PLEASE RT!
Omg this criminal minds is crazy!!!
Dudes crack me up. Tel nother girl you love them when you have a girlfriend bhahaha
Money amassed either serves us or rules us. - Horace
pls follow back so I could DM you with email info and thoughts for a project :)
uh... PICK ME!!! You guys are the shit!
just realized today was Friday the 13th...... creepy!
You could be like me and only have one person in your contact list that uses Gmail daily, no noise at all, no content either!
#IReallyWant the late phone calls, the cuddling, the fighting about who loves eachother more, the kisses, just everything.
Hope has a good first day at Cheviot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D>
Shapiro: Rowson should be thought of less as nationalistic and more as sectarian.
this is actually working. I'm surprised.
Thanks Mary-Lynn! 60's are my favorite
stop no your genes are designer ohoh.
Matza Pizza. Happy
What's going on at safeco?
It's 11 p.m. not the ideal time to bake a cake but...sometimes I bake when i am missing my grandmother.
so jealous! He of course had to take his man date friend
I have a #nook and really appreciate authors that publish ebooks in other formats - Amazon is a bitch to convert.
I'm applying to several makeup retail stores. I've been interning for a makeup artist for over a year
I so sowwwwy. Next time I ride through nap I'll call you !
From Above & Beyond to Brad Paisley to Reviva, my IPods on crack
There's nothing better than good sex But bad sex A peanut butter and jelly sandwich is better than bad sex
Deprestless. ©me, right now, to describe ny current state. See also: reasons one may find oneself at Anthropologie.
Happy Sunday!
Best part of Saturdays is getting my morning coffee and throwing down at my job !!!! Saturday night service
*smiling crooked smile*
and you just became my hero
M... The smell of mulch! Looks so much better; we welcome you, Spring!
oh do trust in High school all the little black boyz loved her too ..... she first introduced me to the joys of a white girl lol
Thanks for the #FF love Maria! Haven't been on Twitter all week. Hope you had a good one!
Start using free-range and humane animal products and then maybe we can call that "quality"!
SB45 Biz Lesson # 16: If you get knocked down, get up and finish the play.
Happiness is not an accident, nor is it something you wish for. Happines is
I think I'm in love(:
Guitar final today, hope I start feeling like I'm on vacation soon, I still feel stressed.
I can’t wait to get my just desserts. Skipping dinner for cookies, ice cream and tiramisu seems a fine reward for a lifetime of wretchedness
Yup. It's definitely Monday.
yes I have. I love that song!
I want the #knicks I win tonight.
Hey Kevin! Congrats on WITCH OF THE FALL!
Pink Floyd- Shine On You Crazy Diamond
More like fuck you
guilty as charged. I want them to get it to bad.
#humansmuggling = a crime against the state. #humantrafficking = a crime against humanity! Call 1-888-3737-888 to report acts of trafficking
hangin' out with Bert Dunkerly and learnin' 'bout Virginia during the War of 1812. Jealous?
i just feel like all that crap he said to Gia was so fake! ugghhh.
Tweet #4000 on the 4th of July only seems practical. Happy 4th of July everyone! ;)
Yeah that pic just thew me off though. At least he didn't resist arrest, like Rees.
please give the happy couple a hug for me!!!
the funny thing is, its a moral certainty there ARE lesbians who resemble tintin. just not ANY of these. *shrugs shoulders*
same here :)
Thanks for the suggestion! I'll pass this along to support. If you need anything from us, please email
Visiting with Wesleyan friends from florida and touring the Performing Arts Center...
Stirring up the competition never hurt. The Browser Wars between IE, FF, Chrome, Safari have led to awesome UX (user experience)
Some of my neighbor's garbage fell onto my balcony, including an empty bottle of methadone. But at least he's a *recovering* heroine addict
Bonas takes over Atlantic City. Whoa!
Yeah, ! RT : I've forgotten more than you know about the Pack bro...
Just realized Sheldon sounds just like when he gets riled up. Lol.
Hey random guy, please don't "hey boo" me. Thanks.
Rookie mini camps open today!!
Rangers can clutch
I consider myself incredibly lucky because I have found some of the best parts of humanity where I least expected. <U+2665>
linkedin ceo jeff weiner: "our special sauce is to get people to update their profile when they are NOT looking for a job."
I love this! RT #FF "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
I just can't figure it out and it might be 2late to say FXCKIT, and if that's the case then I'm really screwed
": Slowly progressing with :) hey let's go to subway tomorrow ?" What is this?? Lmao. What is life!?!
That or let Gene Smith pick your bracket, haha.
My mentor thinks I should continue on to the PhD. So torn.
going to the cinema watching Pirates of the Caribbean 3
S/O to my new followers aka my tweethearts!!
Thanks for following me & for all your support=) You guys ROCK!!
I feel an instagram coming on!! Love when Cody gets dressed up!
if you hardly ever tweet, I have no inclination to follow you
Can't wait to be old enough to have other kinds of fun.
having to ride the bus so early blows!!
Timedollar Youth Court will have Jury Duty Saturday April 30, 2011 promptly at 9:00 am
Lol reminds me of myself always have something to say.
Throwin' $$$ in the air like I don't really care...Haters everywhere, but I don't really care! No I don't, I don't, I don't really care
I don't appreciate U using my tweet on your blog & demand U to take it down. U need to stop #bullying people
To get something you've never had, you must do something uv never done
Yyeeeeeaaaaahhhh! Offensive foul!
#Brewers! #Brewers! Let's go #Brewers!
I can't find any animal pictures to cheer me up... and I still don't have any cheese to grill!
Rise up world , your day should start out great of you woke up this morning!!!!!
Wrestle mania ahahah(:
When u have nothing to do @ 3:45 do you get on #twitter ?
I'm highly entertained by all the moths in Minnesota
no we'll just eject them and bring in a new one altogether. lol
I'm gonna lose these kids inside this house lol
Big shout out to Wine World () for sponsoring venue and beverage for #HackingEdu! We couldn't do it without you!
Wait; Today isn't Friday?!
RT It's possible to lead a cow upstairs...but not downstairs.
I'm slowly realizing I just don't like #IsaacAsimov. His writing I mean. Is it possible to be a sci-fi writer and not like Asimov?
RT We still need 514 signatures on the school libraries petition. Please consider signing, and pass the link along. bit.ly/wHSahz
Never Say LOL
I just think its cool what he was able to overcome at Wisconsin getting hurt and switching positions and all
I like walking up to people that are sweating and just came inside and asking them if it's hot outside or did they just come from having sex
A liberal education... frees a man from the prison-house of his class, race, time, place, background, family and even his nation.
Can't stop listening to (: I love just kiss me, older but my favorite <3
I support #Jelena :D
You're welcome!
Should be cleaning up
dale Ellis of course!
I can help. RT Need some trainers to interview on assessments for grad class any volunteers?
Roger Clemens in Washington, DC this Wednesday. Catch him at the courthouse Wed morning
Have you showed somebody how much you don't give a fuck today?! If not hurry you still have time!
Congratulations! Awesome win!!!
Any of my followers read Shazam comics? Is it worth it?
Sex ain't better than love. If you ain't with that, then you's a hoe
it's not fair.
fabulous! RT YES PERRI!!! No problem. When ever you are ready hahaha Thank you my friend. Now following :)
Can I retweet that my friend :) I think I need to get this book
Dreamt of someone on TV saying the mystery absence of big GOP names running this year was they feared Romney's money bombers. Feels true.
Jeets! The captain!
can make anything into a song.
totally will do! sounds delish!
RT : Mobile apps + byod = increased engagement?
Give me a good book and you won't hear me
At the 9 1/2 hour mark of floor debates. Jimmy Johns has arrived. Real bipartisanship: GOP and Dems sharing Vito subs.
Eminem on 60 Minutes. Crazy, but compelling story of rags, riches and recovery.
sometimes i wish there were remotes for parents so when they give lectures i could just hit mute
One nice thing about tea vs coffee is that you can quickly walk down the hall spilling everywhere and it doesn't really show up on carpet
m m good till the last drop
peace be with them- finally
You already know ! (: RT “: S/O to for saving a nigga lastnight”
Game 5 #Rangers starting up in a few, let's go!
Did you know that the Art of Beer will be first official visit for Sacbeerweek? Come meet him and convince him to come back!
Coffee prices going up? What will Starbucks add to keep us coming?
I think I have fever!!! :O
Warm air aloft squashing any strong storms for us. Just scattered showers/storms overnight.
Am starting new Acting classes using Hypnosis as key factor for memorization, etc. The workbook I finished with Carl Gottlieb ( Jaws) "The…
Cataloguing today. I forgot how much of a pain it is to count quires in a manuscript that has been rebound too tightly.
Yay! It will be here before you know it!
same one!
This sucks. Going to take a nap.
just temporarly deleted my facebook woo
Oh my God, its happening... its coming out like Lava... :)
That is harsh... he needs therapy man...
I got that one friend who should legally be allowed to NOT sing along to No Lie
I love rye she actually talented she has some good songs on her album I promise lol.
Not quite ready. But #USAA participates in many races supporting the military - please connect if you see us!
I'm getting married TODAY
Up crazy early for NOTHIN
Lol literally tho.... got a promotion a week ago :)
Please keep doing that. That's awesome.
WEE! Cool Way is #7 on Hype Machine's Popular list. That ballad of the uncool. WEE! that's what hype sounds like as it passes through irony.
I just saw a dog wearing a fur wrap. Not kidding.
Left my newly cast on ball of mohair alone on the couch for a minute, came back and found it on the floor looking like a dead animal..
HUD has a visitability ordinance in their Fair Housing accessibility requirements, & CC pulled this off yrs ago!
Doing great! Can't complain. I am too blessed. :)
#PropTrading and opaque #synthetic products front and center in news again with #JPmrgn trading loss. #VolckerRule sure to be in headlines..
looking fly Dan!
Rain Needs to Stop. I Love going out in the Rain but I can't even go Out, that's how Bad it is.
yeah it's gonna be a good time it's my pre bday jump off
Used to go grocery shopping there all time with the family back in the day, nowadays it's all about Costco though.
How are you liking Twitter so far?
Hello Scottish friends! Missed you guys! :)
or suck it up and put the nice pillowcases you paid for back on the pillows...
It's a good thing I'm already married to him, otherwise I'd be afraid some other geek would snatch him away. :D
You know it's gonna be a good day when wop is first song you hear
My lil sis actually had some Dorothy shoes. Lol they was sparkly n everything
i just called you!! answer your phone! haha
what's going on LJ? When does playoffs start?
It was slightly sarcastic hahaha.
The music for Annie is so hard! I can't wait till the musical is over :/
seriously...you drink THAT much coffee? :)
JIMMY STOP SAYING ONE DIRECTION YOURE MAKING ME FANGIRL AND THEYRE NOT EVEN THERE.
Ronen Vengosh of Purewave demonstrates service of 1megabit up and down non line of sight in 2.5.
The piece is a "why they run" feature. Shoot me a message if you're up for it - shouldn't take too long. Thanks a lot!
tell me how the 3D is, I only saw it in 2. Also you guys should also see the Iron Man movies at least
i will probably end up buying them for her. since i have nobody else...
This shout out is to thankz
That was Bruce Springsteen's recommendation at his SXSW keynote. Steal it but make it your own.
Loving the info from !
i don't try to hard sometimes. bc i just figure what's the point..
Daddy : baby girl you ready Me : you damn right #CelticsNationBitch <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Welcome to SheaMoí Naturelle™ our products are 100% natural, and jewelry is handmade. We're owned by an #Ashworth student.
Thanks! I think rainy birthdays are supposed to bring luck for the coming year? If not, I'm just going with that anyway...
The Heat have to have the best PA guy ever. Stoudemire fouls out, he says, "He has been extinguished from the game." LOL
what dates cause I have a show July 19th
"I COULD CHOP COCAINE WITH THIS MUUF***A"
we will see
Yeah this is really close right now.
Tuesday August 17, 2010 is our big day
Puppy ignoring me !=\
I got the payment bro... Check you DM I just hit you back about the websites.
Fake it if you don't belong here
98% of nba ain't bout that life lol
Are you using tweet deck mobile or on your laptop ?
I'll be in LA Jan 17 & 18 doing #hair, MSG me for details if u need hair/makeup.
WARNING! A virus called Monday is fast approaching. There is no cure. Just drink plenty of alcohol on Sunday night to ease the pain :-(
oxymoron no? Haha
Doors are open! Head on down to the RICC and see the Riveters play Dutchland!
Day 1 on tour to stoked!!!!
I think I'm hooked on #AmericanHorrorStory - and I watch it at night like it's meant to be watched - not in the daylight
What a freakin idiot...
More sad news from the #Packers..Really gonna miss Nick Collins..Wish him and his family the best.
work interrupts my lazy days. boo.
Woman-owned & locally owned & operated here in Austin. We also opened in San Antonio in 2009. Doing well!
“: its not doing anything here!” it didn't last too long now it's just thundering :)
i thought you was gonna say church but the crack house i"m good i will stick with the hoes around the hood
Designers: Are circular user icons going to be the trend of 2012? cc
No problem, thanks for the add!
maybe we can FINALLY win another world series lol
Observation from court room. DA nodding and shaking head while detective was questioned by the court.
Up early for an exciting shoot this morning!!!
Thursday evening games mean 2 things: A great night of #Steelers football, and no game conflicting with our shows this weekend! Go Steelers!
you don't say?
"What is a week-end?" I LOVE DOWNTON ABBEY.
Promo video will be distributed tomorrow. Featuring Mind Over Machines CEO Tom Loveland's upcoming talk "Sex Sells... So Does DATA"
naw I'm not
It's something wrong with you -_-
Love it when I don't notice the giant stain on my work clothes until I'm at work. Good start to the
seemed to touch everyone. Most people were trying to hold tears back. Thanks for bringing it!
Thanks 2 all the fam n fans who came out to Double Door on Thursday for the ehLee Entertainment event..you made my night...xoxoxo
Just left house! :P
ill just eat my life away lol
def stay focused. Stop taking on several projects and focus on a few. Learn to say no.
So true! RT : RT : “You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take... be fearless"
count those blessing each day! <3fromGA
Times like these, I realize how much powers my life. Call me maybe when you're back!
Working from 2:30 to 10:30 tonight, if I don't die between now and then.
And Driver's Ed begins now! -_-
Do it.
<U+266B> "Try to see it my way... only time will tell if I am right or I am wrong..." <U+266B>
don't believe it RT: “: Two words - too. old. oh self.” No such thing.
A granger-less lineup for the pacers might be the winning recipe?
i love me new swimsuit bihhhh
hey niall how are you ? do you like to play angry birds ? :D
You are so not worth my time anymore. Good luck with your bitterness and ignorance. It suits you.
psh, I know! :o
Yes, forgot to mention & Didn't know about , tho - thanks!
Don't forget to follow on Twitter to be eligible to win tonight
BOGO Free edibles tomorrow all day at the Farm, drop on by and say "Hi".
Also, the Bruins are at the White House as I tweet - Stanley Cup and a black and gold jersey with 'Obama' on the back in tow.
NY Football Giants have a good shot at beating the Packers. This could be a great game!
More than 15k reusable bags being distributed today at 60 sites around Prince George's County
Now this is freaky! "We Live in Brooklyn Baby" was the Roy Ayers song that I had floating through my head!!! Sounding good!
It's gonna be dope if Boston and LA meet in the finals... One last time!! Both teams are in their past leg, one more rivalry showdown!!
have you gotten your free bday presents yet?
The Well DUH Driving tip of the day - always look and steer where you want to go.
Morning Rockstars! > Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. - Albert Einstein
True, if Irsay was trying to move to LA,, that would be the move to make.
You earned it! #GNO in June when I'm in Houston! :-)
Great job this week & congrats ! Every week you help candidates in #madison find work in IT. Helping the greater good...
You're beautiful! <3
I'm Addicted to #MDNA right now. (No surprise there.) You? RT : What's your #GuiltyPopPleasure?
when a situation gets awkward;
RT At Dive Into Media, says "I really think 2012 is going to be the Twitter election."
A healthy medical facility environment is critical to cutting down on the spread of bacteria and viruses. Who cleans your med facility?...
Enjoying my visit here in the ATL. I'm seriously thinking about relocating here shortly.
Have you seen "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close" yet? Share your thoughts here... Haven't seen it yet? Get it here......
TRAFFIC - Crash - EB Belt @ Fish Hatch
I didn't watch the season. But I very much have your back. Love from Sacramento CA.
he is a fantastic storyteller, not perfect, but he.knows what he is doing, and i love that.
Stop by and grab a cold ZICO...we are outside of 24 Hour Fitness on Westbourne Dr and Santa Monica Blvd!!
I prefer to watch Total Football but wouldn't define the merits of all sport by it.
Got my membership to 24hr fitness.
I have an extra ticket to the hideout block party (to see dosh, Andrew bird and others) today. Anyone?
we havent talked in like 20 years! Ok I exagerrate but still. HI!!
Holding meet-ups to show our new phones. Whirlwind tour of Asia: Bangkok, Jakarta, Delhi, Singapore...
Why in the Blue Hell I cut on Usher playlist on Pandora and 2Chainz "Spend It" came on ???
Take time to recharge your batteries. It’s hard to see where you’re going when your lights are dim
i told half my school and i made copys of movie and give them so people will view it eddie need megaman 2 and 3
We are too! RT : Proud of alums shaping entrepreneurship
It's so cold in the morning!!
hope it's al going well, let me know if you need help!
RT : I really wish Scramble had leaderboards or any kind of stats at all. But alas Zynga doesn't actually care about making...
Today is gonna be my lazy day
me too
I've been searching for a cloud-based Visio alternative... seems promising...I'm gonna give em a look-see
“: Lotta new friends in the gym this week...” what he said
you're beautiful<3
Going to give "Boardwalk Empire" a shot. Pilot was last night. It's about Atlantic City during prohibition in the 20s. Heard it was good.
sorry we missed #jrsoxup. hoping to make it to the next one.
I want a beer, but I'm to wiped out to get out of bed at the hotel to go get one....
Always chase your dreams instead of running from your fears.
Yeah, I wish...
Fuming about first amendment violations. This is AMERICA, you idiots. You can't arrest working JOURNALISTS and charge them with FELONY RIOT.
5 hours really wasn't enough.
Pro men on the run... obvi Chris Lieto first off the bike
By Carter Maness While supermodel Kate Upton is generally most comfortable sauntering around in a swimsuit on the cover
Welcome , #NECB's marketing guru to twitter!
I miss my musical talent in seventh grade.
so ... Sleezy Times?? .. The Sleezuation .. a look at post modern life??? haha ... Nice n Sleezy? ... sleezy does it? .. wait :/
Great run this am #clevelandmetroparks....love short weeks..
I really want to start a blog. But I don't want to because everyone is.
#FollowFriday my favorite Canadian
that's funny, makes me laugh as I count $$$s
man, imagine how good the spurs would be with luis scola...
just bought Lady and the Tramp....i'm a happy little bean
#SOTU addresses are the best of reality TV: dramatic, sometimes funny, and utterly inconsequential.
#IfIMeetKianLawley I would just be all like O_O and then I would start crying
Great Tuesday! And a great day to try our new Unlimited Leads and Dialer platform! Contact us to get details 866.460.6611
Elections week is soon coming to an end! Make sure you all vote tonight starting at 12 AM!
yes they are! I miss them so much, I just want them to tour the u.s. again son!
thanks for the mention.
The winners of #csimilwaukee can now either take the vacation or $1,000 cash equivilent
Very soon! Paperwork delays but should be ready 2012. Shine responsibly!
Dude night, next week! RT : When life gives you lemons, say fuck the lemons and bail.
good point. Cal didnt prove he could coach during that tourney run last year at all (rolls eyes).
I really want to take a NOH8 photo with my sister ().
Observed @ 7:30 a.m. in NYC: a mom, trenchcoat over jammies, standing in morning chill while 3 yo hunts eggs. Now that's love.
RT : Free comedy show & pizza tonight at 9 w/ Sean Donnelly, Calise Hawkins, Matt Wayne, Chris Lamberth & More!
wonders that if Christmas, Father's Day and birthdays did not exist, then aftershave too, would not exist
Still glowing from the + show the other night. What a great bill. Have a radical time, you guys. Safe travels!
we're going to Senor Frog's and getting fucked the fuck up, chicaaaaaa
you got it! Emailing you now...
I'm gonna make you feel alright tonight.
RT : The name has been changed to ! Sorry for the confusion!
Hope I ain't got After school DT tomorrow ! :|
I am sorta craving iHop right now
it all makes a difference. If u love your gym, u don't mind goin more often and that equals better progress. :) enjoy!
My old stomping grounds! Literally too; I used to live around the corner from the State Department. Have fun!
Hello ! We are wonderful! Planning our adventures for the summer & we look forward to seeing new parts of the world!
That was close, I almost bought food from the cafeteria
Good luck!
I heard he was playing there today. I haven't seen him in a long time. Did you give him a hug?
you're just jealous ;]
It can't not come up when they notice you skipped the potatoes and stuffing.
I believe #levilowrey is in Dallas, TX. #levilowrey needs to hurry up and make it back here to Chicago! =)
so do I. So I wonder if the numbers went the other way and it was 70% female and 22% male, would you do Male PW
followed (: &' sure what's it about ?
sweet on both accounts! You are experienced -- we need people like you!
#tla50 Silver tsunami
Notice Me?
Thanks! I'll stop by on Saturday. Looking forward to checking out your space.
Seeing Balam Acab and Active Child
Judging the Texaco Country showdown!
the cavs better win
Campaign to Microchip Pets Before Wildfire Season shar.es/009RC <--Super idea! It's inexpensive & painless and could be a lifesaver.
The "film" Biodome was an undoubtful precursor to Dude, Where's My Car? and a contemporary to Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure.
you guys are the best for real!
Hey , I sent you an email.
Hope you make it in this weekend then!
< 4 hours until our Apple A Day Giveaway Kicks Off!
Zachary levi.
If you don't have a home vzn # they pretty much run you around. The best is getting put on hold and then transfered away...
Wrking new material great motivation talk with no sleep for a while. Let's get it! Def got to gi some wrk ASAP.
LeBron James needs to stop with the fuckin' flops though.
oh I wasn't interested in dinner. Just afternoon tea and a cupcake.
Im ready To Leave this Mf
Here is a review of my dvd on Amazon "Tribal Energy Cardio is an energetic fitness DVD."
Tomorrow from 5pm-7pm. Sip and shop for the hump day sneak peek of spring new arrivals!
Thank you :)
verse got back together. life changing.
damn thats what yall on? hitting our vets in the face?..lol
RT Can we get some diet slice and pita chips up in here?
KB has arrived for a visit!
just sent the songs to you
& "If You Would" is blowing up the charts! So many people buying the track!
Seeking donation of vegan items for auction at an upcoming fundraiser in Melbourne, Australia. A chance to introduce others to your brand.
Glad to hear you're part of an elite few that #GETit! The other ones can keep treading hard against the current.
I miss going to work in the dark
sorry! What platform are you using? Do you have "related matches" turned on? if it is easier via email.
If you build a few businesses but lose your family in the process, you've had your eye on the wrong ball.
Ugh, just shit off some Twitter stalker. But it's alright, I'm just ignoring it. Now, I just feel a little ill :) I'll be good tho
My entire body is so sore and my voice is gone. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
I brought this upon my self. Locked away in solitude. Is more thrn i deserve. I should be dead punished for my crime....
stepped from bed and immediately maimed by a stray kibble bit.
do you really wanna be like them? do you wanna be another trend? #GoodCharlotte #TheAnthem <U+E326>
Mmmhh I love cereal lmao :D RT: I want some more cereal
Don't start with your shit I'll put you back in your place.
I switch from car to car like a drug dealer.
they will be at the store on Monday!! Shipped out today, plenty of 2x, 3x, 4x!
the refresh on launch does not work
no bro have auction tomorrow super early
I really wish it would rain tonight. It would be a little too perfect and I would like a dose of perfection right now
RT : I met the team from today at #flowermarket! YUM! Keep an eye out around town for their green truck.
I'll find someone like you.<3
its like she comes and go's every other week..
Psychopathy is inherently scary. It brings out the worst in both the subject and in the people around him.
Jealous! Love Vancouver and love the Canucks!
Austin can now chew gum legally. lol
Get up and vote today! Make your voice count.
A guy in sam's just asked if I was skipping school and said that I must be a senior.... Uh no, old man lol
good luck !
Singing at the top of my lungs and people are home
I thought you had APSE obligations and you would miss NABJ? lol
New Hampshire what do Mitt Romney, Donald Trump, & have in common? "They Like to fire People"
How are you today Tweet and FB??
Life is what you make it and don't forget that.
You need to chill out, bro.
FUCK YES! I am so happy right now I'm going to cry.
omg omg like it took me a minute to realize but yeah this girl was like 4ft tall and just had the biggest ass I've ever seen
#MASTERS DAY BABY!!! EYE OF THE #TIGER, PEOPLE. EYE OF THE TIGER. GET EM TW!
Rethinking "The Golden Rule" People tend to treat others the way they treat THEMSELVES.-insecurity & fear is plentiful
if you've never had to ream your shirt out after eating it, you don't eat pussy
Ughh so tired!!!!
Yeah, No problem.. I will update it now.
It's Friday! What are you up to this weekend?
Hm. The Tributes are all wearing hoodies. I think they've got what's coming to them.
Tweeps worth #following!
Getting ready for a reference shift, and deciding what work I can get done at the desk.
Jet Ski with Starter issue. I hope a new battery help.
We believe that a great BBQ dish is not complete unless it's accompanied by an authentic southern side dish. What's your favorite side??
When people quote vindictive or pathetic song lyrics on Facebook, I always want to leave demonstrative lyrical analysis in the comments
What makes a beautiful website?
Wanting to wear wedges, but not wanting to be taller than everyone <<<
Went to Stanley Hotel yesterday and "Lucy" told me it's time to "Release The Tebow!" even the dead agree it's time and long overdue...
watching "The Coffee Addiction" on fascinating!
Can You Follow Me Back :)
Seems to be the consensus. Girls = Top Gun & Guys = Die Hard RT“: top gun. That is all”
Maywheather is out of league...
Agree. He is a great closer.
lol i got an 8% on my test yesterday and today we are watching a movie yayaaay
It was in the box. The first one was outside. Tremendous talent and potential.
you're my fact-checkin' cuz
All for free speech, but against bullying - in Jr High, the street or society. We need more progress with civil discourse.
I love you so much, that I'd call you just to say 'wazzzuuupppp'
if I was your girlfriend
is the worst manager ever......
Did everyone have a nice Easter weekend?
We have winners for the songwriting contest! Peek at our Facebook page to find out!
All you want is to complain, and I'm just trying to explain.
going to be another one of those days..BE productive..BE BE product-ive!
This show WILL sell out, so buy your tickets online for only $10 at Amurica Fest 2011
“Without wonder and insight, acting is just a trade. With it, it becomes creation.” ~Bette Davis
Let me teach you how to SquE-Z. Teach you, teach you how to SquE-Z!!!! Learn how to SquE-Z at www.SquE-Z.com
Thank you!
we will talk tomorrow about that
I always have a good Thursday , seems to be the best
yea waiting on 18!
SWEDISH FISH? O.O
Bored, Ready to watch August burns red tonight..
Finally decided on the songs I wanna cover for my BDAY SHOW! leggoooooo
IDS was unavailable?
I'm so focused on my goals, I find myself getting increasingly irritable when dealing with basic ppl, especially men
Here comes English. The boringest period ever...:|
I'll always support he 15 year old from texas that i saw on youtube.But now that 15 year old is living his dream and i am so happy for him<3
g00d morning to you GOLDEN TONES>> reminds me to check youtube
If u need something to do on a cold winter day. Come warm up Saturday in Discovery world!Shop market & receive $10 off admission
COME CHECK OUT THE GRAND OPENING OF CITY GEAR @ 4443 CANE RUN RD!!!!!
House version of NCLM ESEA re-authorization eliminates science testing. More evidence of right-wing attack on sci reasoning.
Launching my website tonight! let's hope this goes smoothly!
“: HAIR-RAISING! Jerry Hairston makes the play of the day with this diving stop and throw from his knees Great play!!!
Iam a sex doctor ;D and my friend here lexxi is your sex nurse ! <U+2665>. LML! Hahaha
RT : "When McDonald's bought us, they took our corp. overhead from $10m to $28m within the first year" Jane Grote Able
How ya doin, handsome?
send us your 'recipe' to be featured on our site!
if Patriots win we post a pic of NYC staff in Patriots hats. If we win we need to see you in those NYG hats! deal?
Students for DC Statehood arrests occurred a year and one week after the April 11, 2011 large arrests. leads effort.
I find this a tad irresponsible on part 2 allow a 13 yo 2 go 2 Mexico. Starting the life of privilege early!
Listening to 'The Outliers' audio book. mind=blown.
#ilovewhen posts a new video <3
ever have one of those days; the kind where you look to the heavens and ask "Seriously?"
My mobile services down. Have no idea what to do or how to spend time without ma buddies
Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes
Thank goodness. There's a great game on!
Stan Jones US Park Ranger at DV wrote Ghost Riders in the Sky
Hey Chris can you tell the Boyz I love them and I said hi??:)
Whatever dish life hands you, make a delicious meal out of it!
Brunch with laurra
I'm Gone G.F.B. 414 Damage Mode
A TAYLOR SWIFT PLUS ED SHEERAN SONG WILL BE THE DEATH OF ME
don't u mean what a vile person Jesse was/is
on my way!
you're welcome! and thanks. Yes, it's one of my favorites from our wedding. :-)
thing is the mother was just a patron came to watch her "work"
WOW with the unfollow button. ???? What's up with that?
wow, I'm impressed you two had a Mark and Paulie moment.
WE'RE HIGHER THAN A MOTHERF*CKER.
Dear bacon wrapped hot dog lady... I love you at 2 am and curse your name at 10.
Who takes the shot?
Cmon kobe u still got time to pull a pistol pete
A group of Bills, Jets and Patriot fans purchase a billboard in Miami begging the Dolphins to trade for
I HAVE read "Think Long." Raise taxes $10 billion and THEN trust Sacramento to implement reforms. No sale.
hate that
RT : Texting the same person all day and night and never
aw are you cuddling a real bear ? jk
Category 11-b winner is WLS
MT Will be discussing voter ID with SOS Natalie Tennant & Bray Carey on Decision Makers this wknd. Tune in ...
Game changer.
STOP HAVIN SEX DOWNSTAIRS!
I'm in love.
ahh! I've gotta get a personalized #UpAllNightDVD ! As soon as I get home, that's what I'll do!! :D
I just got to wolf, heard you just left!?
I am hoping to go see Watchmen tomorrow.
Guise.... I understand I'm too fat to run.
William H macy, one of my favorite actors. So funny and good at every role.
Thank you for being honest with me. If there is a fan segment, please keep me in mind. I appreciate it. Have a good night.
so true! You can be glamourous and green too, thanks to and others.
Q2) Performance support resourceful vs. training requirement
This game is intense.
NO ONE is more "effective and influential" than our Nation's President -- stop giving him a pass <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Do the #Cavs have a shot at Kansas' Robinson?
What happened?? :/
I didnt mean the tweets. I mean like worry about me..
Mistakes are bad enough on their own. Don't be so afraid of making them that you avoid life's best experiences - RM
NSF's Dr Tornow: New ways to evaluate research proposals (other than peer review) can allow more innovative ideas thru.
Sometimes i dont have time to talk im about skating .
Just saw a chihuauha riding in a guys back pack and not barking at everything. Kylee's slacking!!!
Got called back for a second interview! Yay me!
was not...
Already anticipating my spring courses: "Bioscience, Genetics, and the New Technologies" and "Disease, Death, and the Politics of Health"
lol get me some babe
I want to make a video where I'm facing off with a very good Link Cosplayer with ocarinas. Would be epic.
Thanks! Love all the wonderful content on your website.
: whats going on Vegas this weekend?
Boom One Records newest release by Hope Massive, "Itani" is now available on iTunes.
So if my dog Chloe has 4 legs...does that mean she has 4 thighs?
Thank you! : welcome to the twitter #medlib world, ! & thanks to for the connection. :)
dood no way that was last year?!
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 31
I hate to say it but when I watch Glee I think about Suicide
"Do, or do not. There is no try." -Yoda
Will do! Thanks!
Dear , I am holding your dog and vibrator (Romeo) hostage. Come home soon!
Thank you. Looking forward to seeing you again soon as well. We'll have to dance again.
Can anyone tell me why corn tortillas are half the size of flour tortillas? Corn should be bigger since they taste so much better.
The neighbor's wall disappeared along with scribble on it.
Hi there. I wonder why you didn't translate it as "French Fry brother"? Seems closer to the original to me.
“: #Nascar Good luck to #JrNation!!” yay! :)
thanks for following me!!
Andy Peeeettitte !!!! #Andy Pettitte Life is good !!
nice job Tami! Awesome workout!
1day I said, either did acting school or she's got mad issues. Found out on the interview on reloaded. It's both. Lol
“Write what you feel like writing each day...sounds so basic, but there’s something radical in it...” Aimee Bender, via int. w
FOLLOW BACK MY DUDE
Two of my favorite people in the world got job offers last week, and I just wanted to congratulate them again! You deserve it!
Derek Fisher driving on Steve Blake. It's the NBA playoffs on TNT!!
LOL! that's awesome! we love ice cream too! :)
Obese is HoTTER, AND happy, but unhealthy! No just go ahead ~N~ get da Diet Sprite¡
Yesterday I tweeted that I missed my team: How could I forget ?
Be honest: how much does that day and the movie mean to meteorologists? As an ex-Pennsylvanian, it's special to me!
#Knicks slowly dying. This might get ugly
Follow me...Please... Olive yew;3
Spring break so far, sucks.
Thank you! :0)
YES THAT WOULD BE AWESOME. Wonder who owns the rights to the game now?
11:11 got to number 19 on the top 30 count down on radio disney CONGRATS
probably concentrate a lot better, if you're anything like me! ;-)
you got it..see you guys there?
My body's sore but that's OK. I'll take it slow on the treadmill today. Point is I MUST do it every day!
I promise you will have many chances to support the campaign :)
Editing, editing, editing my fourth #novel. Rawr!!!
I'm so glad you enjoyed the show! you really have no idea how much i love her and how worthy she is.
I think he provided enough explanation to make it an essay. If it was just the pictures I might agree.
Just found an inchworm in my hair.
wait your that one girl....
oops! :p and thank you, it's a great one to work for as well!
I fucking hate guys. Why do so many of them have to be so hott??
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
Hey was up ms lady. Did you get my email?
for the record...I love following you on Twitter.
congrats Chris...ur work airing on The Defendor, Oct 6th...keep up the good work!
dont make me go all the way to Africa to see you! :D
Hey - the website listed on your profile is not loading (loads up a blank page)
Playing with the Hot Club of Hulaville tonight at 6pm at Cafe Che Pasta. See you there!
Daddy gets grabby.
had to google macguffin :-/
See us LIVE Sat May 26 in show! There's a Hollywood Theme! Perfect for us!
damn right sisttaaaa. p.s. miss you!
Thx for the rt - Atlho Cleveland "won," Chicago's pretty brutal right now - not sure it'll ever stop snowing :-)
Looking for members of Alpha phi alpha for an article. DM me
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. ~Lao Tzu
The only way I'll unplug is if I'm allowed to read World War Z. I mean, if you read it to me. Yes, do the voices.
Just for you I will have two… c(=)
now all you need is Facebook and you'll be set!
its been around for over a year, is it really still "new"? RT : I'm at The New 96.3 NOW! (5300 Edina Industrial Blvd, Edina)
Or the poor. : POTUS: “We can’t price the middle class out of a college education. We can’t do it.”
does anyone even make bagels in kc?
Thanks! Bookmarked for me to read later! :)
One Direction needs to make a movie just like Never Say Never #iwouldsobuythat <3
That's awesome.
Well, if you know anyone that will be there tell them to swing by. :)
um yeah it is... If you will excuse me I'm just gonna go die in a hole of awkwardness...
I can't believe it! I'm addicted to the Very Berry flavor b/c it tastes like candy. Feel better soon, dear!
that was too mean #jamie #ben #the bach. Ya think the nurse "frenemies" are laughin in l&d tonite???
Laying out until I go to work :)) <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><U+2600>
Laying in bed ; sleepy mite take a nap!
How about the week of Dec 12?
We will be starting our Countdown to Valentine's Day on Facebook tomorrow!
The Mavericks are one win away from winning their first NBA title after beating the Heat 112-103 in Game 5.
Fake ass people<
We love it! RT : We had a great time hosting the BumpClub ladies. Check out pics from the event here...
Thats my life right now --->RT : This song is death... this is the longest song ever. but he is so into it. Lol
I'm on my way to work sadly. Am picking up a coffee though.
Good Choice - gettin' all Gainsville-y on us!
Lmao “: I guess Kobe wasn't shootin at the gym either. RT : Kobe can't buy a bucket.”
She fuckin hates me
Touchdown Packers!!!
Strauch displays photos of circular cracks in Mercedes window. Asks Bronson how got there. Bronson: "It's from Ava hitting the windshield."
hey do you want to do a story of heath slater
This mattress Guy is such a salesman
Typing single spaced with Ariel font is like the Devil's punishment.
idk how :( I'm slower than a tattooed pineapple colada
how would you define it so #cloudcomputing is not #redundant?
Hello! Thanks for the follow!! :)
they say forgive and forget..but I never forget the reason I had to forgive.
yeah, according to Megan we're the Monica twins now.
#decyourcartorecallwalker! Just got my 3rd #solidaribeep. Get involved in the movement. This is the most important electn in the nation!
that's deep
Colbert Report mystery. PR gimmick or personal crisis? Poorly handled of the latter. Brilliant if the former. Jumped the shark?
What happens to the six zanesville animals brought to columbus zoo? Our interview with jack hanna at 11.
would like to sulk into a game of Diablo 3 but its still installing...
Peter Dinklage wins best supporting actor in a drama series. I love that show
Blue skies tranquilize / Open the front door or window / Sunshine awakens the heart / No retreat / The vastness grows slowly
Just wrapped on my 69th issue, 5 days shy of 12 years… whew! Come along way from 36 pages & quarterly - What's next?
Go kick rocks Zoe <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009F>
Those are neat!
- Looking forward to your visit, let us know when you arrive! :)
Yes, I love the hair... "OMG" was all that I could get out the first time... I dehydrated a little. Lmao
ATTN: #CalGang RT Cal folks, you can tout their RPI all you want, but THEY COULDN'T WIN THE PAC-12
Who's listening to on ???
Lmao RT : "u want a baby cause you don't take the subway" --words of wisdom from with
Encountering a lot of connection problems with lately?? What's up ?? Keeps telling me to standby....20 minutes??
That moment when you're done unpacking for the day and realize you don't know how to change your new shower from tub to shower...
"Flowers had to develop some clever systems for reproducing, they're rooted in the ground & cannot easily obtain liquor."...
Common Pesticide “Disturbs” the Brains of Children
ops sorry
really cutie???
just keeping myself in check :)
You win some you loose some. It's called life.
See No More~
#TodayShow has become ET This Morning. How about some news? Not sensationalism.
mutton nachos or even caribou nachos.
Omg this is boring. Goodnight whores.
The greater the gift the greater the responsibility to tell another about the goodness of the Lord....
/<U+02CC>rek'oh'vend/ is the preferred nomenclature, dude #Lebowski'd
internet traffic. More ppl on a site more they Make n advertrising random sht
Waiting in chi to follow the camera truck back to MKE. Nice job. Thanks jim and ryan.
Thanks for Hosting a Great Event! RT : Thanks for joining us at The Bellevue Mingle!
Be safe if you're in Saint Louis. Not sure if the weather is as bad as is saying, but if so, be safe.
Woop! Who's comin to the G+ hangout tonight with ?! So excited!
i know where to put your bits
welcome to Twitter man
Tell Nao your favorite song!
nine hundred thousand mansion olright
Have you been using my name again? <U+263A>
Good morning! Start your day with something FREE. Right now, your local McDonald's has FREE Small Premium Roast Coffee ^PDX/Eugene area only
Laundry in dryer, baby fed and napping, Parmesan chicken almost done for me and the Daddy. I need another shower!
Join us for the after party at the parastyle!
thanks for the consistent updates. Not getting the NBC sports channel in the District
Comporium Media Services Offers Mobile, Web, Print and Cable TV Advertising
Beverly Hilton International Ballroom. If you don't know you better ask somebody.
just spread 50 sq yards of manure on the garden this morning(I'm pooped) hope to get lots of produce for my needy families again this year!
That fills his quota through 2013...": AJ triple,
Thanks Web, and BTW - huge Props on the article. We dig it!!
Yes indeed!
4 hours of sleep, not cool
"If you can not explain what you want, do not do this work" -Rod Holcomb on director's who can't/won't communicate.
sorry about your email bankruptcy. good luck financing a Twitter account after that.
I love your #Perezisms!! ": That which is destined to be yours, NO ONE can take away! What is meant to be truly will be!...
Thanks for the RT :):)
I threw it on the groundd!!
what the fuck is vegan beef?
R.I.P to Lil Waynes testicles in dem tight ass leopard print pants.
Yay! Congrats on the new gig!
Could it be?....yes...Its HUMP DAY! Not much longer now till the weekend!! :)
RT : what you doin boy// In St. Lucia frat, you?
Richmond SHRM has invited Jeanne Meister, internationally recognized speaker and co-author of “The 2020 Workplace" to speak 3/17/11...
Yo! About to eat LUNCH
True facts about me: I will apply almost anywhere for any conservation job I am remotely qualified for.
good day to u too homie bless
yea right...
Wow. Cannot believe that I have never seen Intervention.
Jay Cutler is the worst QB in the NFL
hey can i please have a shoutout???
Heading to Wine & Dine WI. Hope this is worth skipping a nap.
Aw cube
There is no reason to not follow your heart. ~Steve Jobs
70 #AV this past weekend was way to much =/ damn you CtA
#np Beautiful Things -
Happy Fourth of July!!!
Just saw a state senator at Dicks. xoxo gossipcraig
fantastic! You??
long day 2morrow!!!!!!
#wordoftheday The city woke up this morning stumbling to grok both a Pirates victory and a Penguins loss. -Thanks Ashley!
you should write an academic essay highlighting the similarities and present it at a con.
probably not, just taking a straw poll. I never know which looks better. You rock the glasses like no other. :)
Omg please follow me the day you do i will faint thanks and much love vin and bianca fan#<3
holy Moses. Who made that?! It's beautiful. Don't eat it--too pretty.
Why is ratio not pronounced like patio? Or patio like ratio?
There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count and those who can't.
I only want to rummage thru 's apt. as if I was his hoarding therapist. He refused again today. Open your heart, man!
If u put bitches before money u gne end up looking stupid
google date on sunday??
wants a nap with my boyfriend..
RT "Don't be afraid to try something new. The Ark was built by amateurs, but the Titanic was built by experts." ~ Ron Davies
little boy crazy
Then think about all of the ways you could be improving your life with that time
Ok(: aww i do too haha
that sounds good
Yes finally learning to tweet! :)
If your singing sounds pinched, you might be trying too hard. Keep your face relaxed, use breath support and sing w/relaxed tone. Better?
So pissed, I'm speechless.
Wow - the Nuggets really won. Never would have guessed that would happen. Glad to see they have some fight in them.
Which is more hilarious? That some seek to associate OWS w estab Ds. Or that people are stupid enough that it might work.
she was pretty much the only reason I watched the show b
good! Will you be here June 4th
I wish they all could be CA girls! LOL
Guys, I still hate QuarkXPress!
please tell me that the #superbowlnorv hashtag is satirical.
This guy is going to shower and go back to doing nothing. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
$7 sale in shop. Out with the old, im with the new. Old items must go as shop gets a makeover for the new year. Freshblissboutique.etsy.com
no. did you happen to notice if they had sorbet on the menu?
Conversely, always order your drinks from a guy with a mustache.
"Sometimes in life you have to suck." #wordsofwisdom from <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Menopause Solutions: Revitalize Your Appearance With The Help ...
Still not understanding why I am so upset about something so stupid!?
but I'm already watching it!
next up- on January 25 with Pageant and Into Weather
i love that game!! :D
Yes!!! Stellar Performance of #CleoLaine !!! #Jazz Truely enjoying Your #Vocals !!! : )BP
Defense wins championships, offense sells tickets.
are ju home
was very moving thanx blessings :)
Cookie dough >>
SUPER JELLY!!!! y'all have an auntie anne's?? maybe I should transfer to akron lol
#ConfessionToEbon I would totally marry you<3
5am Dunkin Donuts run... Gotta love it =P
they best play some Tyga at prom!
Friday, Feb 17th is The 20th Annual Great Guinness Toast! Join the Guinness girls from 9:30pm-11:30pm & be a part of history! For more...
I have a picture of us from Saturday night :) So good meeting you! ... even if I was kind of sloppy haha
Just watched you on #QuickPitch and you say 'RBI' instead of 'RBIs'! Finally someone with some sense!! Thank you!
Thanks for the follow, you guys look awesome!!
I remember the moment when waking from the nightmare of critical thinking, then began to seek the Divine in others. I am happier now loving.
Gale would never go for those unflattering diaper bottoms.
Stacy's mom has got it goin' on
CELEB SPREE o ya
there is if you let it! ;)
you still owe me elites?
work something twerk something! the hottest underground club banger! check it out and see for yourself!
LA LA LALALA
they are having a fist pumping contest w jersey shore cast around town, unless the pumping is towards snookis face i will not participate
when is his hearing?
#CinqueTerreFlood Made it to Florence, but luggage is still in Vernazza with 2 friends who r stuck in hotel. 6 ft of water. Crazy!!!
Watching #Burlesque with my siblings..family mode ha
“: Who is takin a vinegar bubble bath this morning!!” What is wrong w/ you, u r 2 funny man... Vinegar bubble bath? Really
I fuhken love my new shoes!!!!!
Are you a CPA in the Southlake, Trophy Club, Colleyville, Grapevine, Mid-Cities area and looking for a networking group? PM me.
Can you feel the sunshine, does it brighten up your day
you are on a hero's journey!! Thank you for the inspiration!
already did lol it's getting cold up in here, up in here :)
Coffee isn't really all that bad for you. Sugar and cream add the unnecessary calories. Have your coffee, just don't become dependent of it.
That-a-girl. Raising her well. She ate just the crust around the PB&J sandwich.
Great job at the building trades conference yesterday Ms. Solis. Always inspiring to hear you speak.
WIN 2 tickets to Rascal Flatts! Just one week left to follow us for your chance to win. Winner announced Oct. 1
Headed to Charlotte this week to do an intro at the Levine for their distinguished speakers lecture. Very amped to do so.
Thank you!!
Who are the bears picking? Guesses?
Happy Birthday! It's the 1 day when cake is an #EatWhileYaTweet food!!!
Have you time-zoned recently? Nothing messes my Goog-Cal up more than when I go on 3G in different time zones.
Oh please.
These kids drink caprisuns like they're going out of style.
Sleeting out. On couch with tea watching Alien. Perfect way to celebrate a nasty day!
Spent the past 90 minutes reviewing an online application for a state program. They printed copies for everyone.
now I'm really excited to watch next weeks episode :)
Was it the taciturn, matter-of-fact country folk who can look death in the face without blinking?
got my email hit me with it
In Vegas for the next two days at a great conference! Inbox me if you're around and we can catch up! #NABSHOW,
indiana stucco contractors, stucco contractors indiana, indiana stucco repair, indianapolis stucco contractors, stucco repair indianapolis
Thanks for the RT, Cathy:)
Panko-crusted crab cakes topped with lemon aioli atop Caesar salad on now at Lottie's Lounge!
- forgot to add - yes, after SES Berlin this week.
Diva! Are you and coming out next Sat, the 14th for my bday at ?
#Denied sad :(
they did say one thing that u need to discuss on ur show. #Heat need an enforcer to keep the #Pacers playing clean!
#GooDDLuck my worn out old gym shoes
Dear everyone in this line is angry. This is the definition of bad planning and execution. How did you troubleshoot this issue?
Also check local liquor stores and book stores for boxes. They're always willing to help out + those boxes are sturdy!
all of it! Had the meat a cheese plate. Dozen oysters. The sausage stuffed peppers were amazing! Kinda want to back today.
me too. I wish there were more people actually blogging on the blog when they have author accounts
Beginning with the diet eating plan
Who do you think will win today at ?
I like people who're straight up with me and will be honest from the start, you got a better chance in me trusting you if you're like that.
So saddened to hear the passing of Donna Summer. :( Queen of disco RIP. Thoughts and prayers to her family.
Orthodontist appointments are fun.
true. Did you do try to access your gmail account while it was down?
I spend so much time in Bb I'll take a look into google apps! Bb definitely has it's issues.
me and my dog play tag around the house c:
I hope the video shoof goes well evrybody follow
We easily diminish the power of the great #IAM when we listen to the voice of darkness.
At the end of Return of the Jedi, I'd liked to have seen all the youngling ghosts show up and seek revenge on the young Anakin ghost.
Owner of "Cartlandia" food cart pod on SE 82nd says he wants to open cart that just serves booze. Suggests it will be like beer garden.
I would absolutely watch "Queen Of Jordan" were it brought to series.
happy birthday niggah (:
So KY`s kicking Vandy`s ass in baseball too?
Every day is Precious , Valuable, and Time Sensitive, as long as you have awareness of that every minute.
Just in case anyone wanted to know, lemme tell ya, you CANNOT make a White Russian with almond milk. Don't work. Ish is nasty.
: On my way to DC for #SHRMTalent! (@ Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport (DTW)) ~ look fwd to seeing you!
Awesome! Sending you a ticket now. Looking forward to it! :)
hope it got better or at least more inebriated. We are on our way to Nola
ha not very well lol
RT "Do not discourage participation from people that are NOT in your target market! Nurture it!"
Why can't I have a life like one in a tv show??!!
Google + tip... Make friends with google employees!!
grindin doin music preparing to release this next project hbu?
You probably can't sleep because you know that tomorrow all the Easter candy goes on sale
typically, yes. Just had some personal expectation issues...like surprised I had to give directions to SFO.
Hello Masterminds! Hotel advertising platform here. =)
I'm going out. Where? I'll find out when I get there.
Thx for tweeting the quote. Your post inspired an expansion of the thought. Check it out in my feed.
what's up with that emoji, homes?
lol it ain't gotta be dat eazy juss tell me. I ain't gone tell nobody aha
#erl12 Thank you very much all attendees to our #Mendeley event.
TOMORROW NIGHT!! Come celebrate DC's favorite sax player's birthday only !!! w/ and
Braun's 2nd HR went so far, it crashed through the window of a FedEx Kinko's, which BTW, was open 24 hrs.
I hate violence but don't ever threaten someone that's not threatening you. You just might be their breaking point.
#DASER Ellen Levy talks about comparisions between cultural and biological evolution.
Dad is n from Fla so goin out watching a movie.sore as hell from tha surgery...
Thanks for the follow. You sure sound busy. Makes me tired think about it.
Bulgaria i told u :D
play me
: hahaa yeaah. & good cause i dont want excuses.! =P
The awkward moment when you realize that you missed your knees when you shaved your legs...soo you're walking around with hairy knees....
tumblr the blog platform for writers?
A common mistake I see made in web site development? Complex site architectures! A flat hierarchy, will have better traffic retention.
Thanks Greg. Hope you had a great weekend.
Thanks for mentioning Substrata Fest!
KIDNAP YO BEITCH! GET THAT "HOW MUCH YOU LOVE LADY?" MONEY $$$$ <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
hit me up dude check some of these out www.reverbnation.com/studio724 i got plenty, ur bound to like at least one dude
Can someone please tell me why I still watch "Glee"? This is getting embarrassing....
Hey #Zipsters - check your Zipcar for a special offer from
Watching Dennis Miller's latest pro-Republican rant. Why is he politically aligned with people who mostly wouldn't get his comedy?
Things do not change, we change. Henry Thoreau
"stress" should be my middle name.
that's fun ni
Bay Area treasure, John Santos, allowed me to reprint his article titled, What is Latin Jazz?, at www.misterlatinjazz.com
Thank you, David. Just read your blog posts. Terrific writing! Also, loved the pix of book giveaway!
wow you won 2?! Good for you :)
If your presence doesn't make an impact, your absence won't make a difference.
Hey , that was great! Can you fly more awesome stuff over NYC?
Woot! RT Come see me, & Peter from w/Dave Olson for vs Dilla at Feb 15th
Is anybody going somewhere other than Siesta or Destin?
// maybe because #traditions are catalyst to the " #culture " which defines our #religion. (cont.)
wow, I'm so excited about the huge network of #basketball players in the Twitter world! Wishing you all a blessed night!
Once again: family devotions at the Blann home would make a great video! Maybe AFV! Gotta love our family!
Starting this week, look out for our RtG Caffeinated Quiz! Be first to answer trivia questions to win free ! Stay tuned...
hey can u give me a surprise fan phone call? <3 id love that lol . Just in case .. 330.524.8771 ..<3
good thanks, how about you?
Is the #Nationals Game still on today or are there delays due to rain?
yes and no. Only 5 of them. Mostly in TX. Think there's one in ny?
considered but not recommended: baha men, sporty thievz, tag team
Lessons from Branding Iron: how Detroit automakers squandered brand capital, veered to bankruptcy. (next tweet)
The Power of Your Subconscious Mind show is about to begin www.focussociety.com come join in on the discussion
Great work on #uwsmphic yesterday and today, tweeters, participants, faculty and all!
I've been done for hours...
...I can't help, falling in love with you...
Live for love. Without love, you don't live.
Lol iSpeak whatever comes to my mind .
RT : Also, gen. FYI, I checked with & registrar goofed on Online Community class - it is 3 course hrs. Fixed[...]
Yes, people, believe it. I am wearing a dress.
no problem! Keep supporting the metal!!!!
Up early another Saturday for FFA. All I wanna do is crawl back in bed! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Jeanne Phillips: Offensive body art is best ignored
Miami Florida or Heat size large! You always hook me up. autograph my tshirt mane!
Id sure like to but i dont think i can RT : you gonna be at the spring game?
A company can never have enough #cash. # B2B CFO® - We help you get it, contact Royal Johnson 630-212-0061
Need to add some stamps to my passport
What a weekend - big thank yous to and !
Unless Willis Reed comes jogging through that door on Sunday, #Knicks are heading to 14th straight playoff loss.
"candy bar no good. make you sick. stick to snake! you want?"..."you not used to air. very high."
lol i'm not sure.. I got reeaaally high that day so it's a possibility
always, i promise <3 and I've been more excited :)
The follow-up to the Chi-town MC's debut album is in the works...
Happy #mothersday to all of the amazing moms out there :)
describing a larger museum "they are broke on a totally different scale than we are" Troy Livingston @ #imls nlg convening
"Loose nut" is the official cause of the 45 min flight delay, discovered after we boarded the plane. Hope it isn't the co-pilot.
What the public expects and what is healthy for an individual are two very different things
glad you do, and I look forward to some fun convos
what's rock of ages ?
Yay! So glad to have you!
well beauty from the north I'm off to sleep! Up in like 5 hours :( ttyl!
Read Jane Hu's Girls piece w interest. Srsly though, "the show's monolithic middle-class whiteness"?
in #France but my iPhone isn't working! how to remedy this? think i need to get at&t to help me out.
rough night already? Nuts and booze?
Denver looks a little shook
just got home from leading worship at a Women's Conference in NC. Pretty blown away by our times of worship. Cant wait for RC3 tomorrow!
Time to make Pie!
thanks everyone who's following & supporting me! it means alot<3
Emma can you text Trevor Meyer on text plus and tell him ASD952 will text him soon
I appreciate the offer but I do kickboxing and jiu jitsu and I'm on a diet already. :)
enjoyed my 1980 fiesta back in the day. Great to see it back
HA! RT : Woah. should come with a warning label:max 2 eps per day.After just 1.5, I have no noodle left to bake!
ew. Totally ew. School...on a weekend...in the summer...poor u I would help bu I cnt :(
thanks for the RT - we appreciate the help getting the word out!
Just got to NY!
“Whatever you do, work at it with all your heart, as working for the Lord, not for men.” - Colossians 3:23
IT IS... he even has Amber Rose on there. lmao
4706 goes out to anyone who smokes more when asked if they are high enough. You can always go higher
How's it going my brotha? What's your email? I can email some MP3's
#IReallyWant a damn blizzard right now...
have you been taking breaks ? Or just a slow typer? Lol
Hah, didn't you see Windows 8 yet! :D
Come to event this Thursday Feb.9 to meet one of our favorite Minders ~ Tranica!!
I'm not from MA, so I don't even know how awesome the station is :-/
Today's work mix is "daydreaming" by Maricha. The title is a perfect description of the content. Relaxing and out there at the same time.
last nights show was fuckin sick! we flooded the stage with fans!! love you guys!! we all had fun!
What are your favs? I've been enamored by New Girl, appalled by Don't Trust the B— in Apt 23, confused by GIRLS...
Thanksgiving family visitor delivered to airport this am. Guest room again ready. Round 2 set to arrive tomorrow and depart BUF Thursday am.
A lot coming here shortly. Keep your eyes open
you got my mind in the gutter, when were touching each other!!
Why is so fucking sexy? Even when he acts as nervous M&G Britney he's gorgeous.
RT Side DoorsFlickr - Photo Sharing - side doors
nope -.- I have no way out of fl lol fawkk
I started working for this company today 38 years ago, where did the time go? I want some back.
nope your wrong! Lol
Thanks for the event mention! It will be a great event for your group to come out to tonight!
Please 'like' us on facebook! W.Facebook.com/attackatdawnpa. Guitarist will be announced at 200 likes. Please RT!
You guys are the best!
Thanks for samples, branded apparel for #BumptheRunway #BabyBashBling on 5/19. Fab apparel at model fitting today!
I got and on my fantasy squad.
...and now up, USD Economics Professor Alan Gin.
It's the man-show on KUSI today. Poor Alexis broke her hand so it's David Davis and I kickin' it.
it's the same thing just in different words! Dummy!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
What are you doing tonight? All decks are open. Or maybe cocktails in our outside lounge?
These New hits i got finna Hit look out for my new joints #Pressure !
Great Q about the technical skills. Hopefully we will have time at teh end to answer it!
#sexualcultures Patten: 70s feminist arguments against porn (Dworkin et al) have been assimilated into Christian right politics in Aus
appreciate the positive kick in the posterior!!!
....for starters Barrett has an actual 4 year college degree. Walker's a dropout, washout.
haha , oh yeah
/ there's a lot of information fans miss from attending, we've relied heavily on tv commentators for info but neglected stadiums.
I hate getting these "$10 off" or whatever things from VS only to find that I can't use it online. -_-
I feel ya dawg
Tasha has like five different boyfriends every season
RT My Brother bout to make his way to the Oscars Grand stage thats wassup Cheering for you bro :-)<-Thank u bro
Glad you like it! Been a favorite of mine for almost 40 years!
No need to apologize. I wish I had it in me to tweet so often.
im.starving
oh, that guy is trouble
Nights like this are almost unreal to me. They remind me of how much I actually love life.
lmao (x you don't have to:b its just a liddo gift to remember me by when you move :c *tear*
go DODGERS!
nice question!
30,000 feet up sipping champagne with my feet up and the sky is blue
It's Thursday...where daaaa fuq is my drink?
Holiday parties are right around the corner let plan ur companies next corporate party w/ us & impress the staff! DM for info
took a quick look at the draft - player ahead of Weber, Egener never played in NHL and second Smaby has played 14 gms
Kinsey Sadler - Sometimes I Forget - getting some great airplay - breaking through the charts!
Basil can refresh the mind/restore mental alertness & sharpen sense of smell. For fatigued/aching muscles, rub a few drops of essential oil.
MCZ perfect long stock..Way under-valued. Watch and see!
they should put the Jamie Foxx show back on!!
You smiled, and then the spell was cast.
After a male bee mates with the queen, his member breaks off and he dies
#Johnson: Heurist eliminates separate relationship table; relationships between records stored as another record, treated as primary source.
I don't even understand that, Sounds as if you would have to beat an animal while you were grooming it to make it that sore.
I think would have been a great Daddy Warbucks. :) Annie was the first movie I ever saw in theater!
OMG #DEAD. FUCKING DANNY.
So I just found out that I missed Stickaid by 4 days. Man am I intelligent '___'
Thanks :) See you soon please!
yes it is
i love him.<3
Love it! Amen to that!
he left the 25th. Not that much difference lol.
Who is ready for the big things coming from soon?!?!
Good Afternoon - On a Positive Note
"I'm not even mad, that's amazing"
: "apps for new content. Quick ebooks for backlist." Just had a meeting about this, still hoping 4 something in between!
we ain't for no strings attached cuz your ma boo thang!(;
Meet Me In The
I still dont know what I am doing.
Lololol I think this really is destiny!!
then we played soccer with a basketball, volleyball with the basketball, and I think i have a concussion. xP EPIC DAY.
its always on vacation, you need to fire that one and get another one lol
Fan-effing-tastic.... 2hours of sleep.... now I'm up. I haven't stopped in three weeks!
Just checking
It really is an awesome wedding video! Made my GF cry. I love Austin. Got lots of friends & family over there. Again, congrats!
oh my god cant wait for the US arena tour!!!!!
Best Quote! Here is an important message from ur Uncle Bill. Don't buy drugs...Become a pop star, & they give u them 4 free!
I just got some Hemp shell-toes for 5 bucks at the Goodwill! That's my shoe game
Enjoyed some pizza.. Now off to the game!
Save all that you feel for me.
today i am going to change my profile picture
Great to welcome back with a standing ovation today. She's a distinguished colleague - and an inspiration to all Americans!
Creativity and intelligence can flourish under all conditions.
Girls Rock Camp Houston Registration is NOW OPEN! Ages 8 - 18 yrs old. Email for an application.
good advice...
I want to believe we all really want to make a difference. That's a good start. Maybe action by a few could have a domino effect?
i live in la vernia right now, but yah, i talked to him last year
Have you figured out where you're living next year? We can help! 612-703-RENT
I got the guy in the Pink Socks!!
Ppl hate me on mothers day, im not applauding no unfit mothers. Thats just what it is. If u taking care of urs
At this rate, if I get anything done today it will be a miracle.
gotta add thick works too tho “: Slim... Fine... And On Her Grind... #ShesAKeeper”
Presidential Trio gig tomorrow evening! Get to break out my new Marc Anthony dress shoes :-)
I could watch saved by the bell forever. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
its late and I would LOVE if you can tell me goodnight . It would make my year (:
you have no idea how awkward i am on the phone.
he's gonna make some major moves in Miami.. Can't wait to see what his album has in store!
We need Granderson back.
Now, when the actually thing takes place...if I am disappointed...bruh! I'm gonna be PISSED!.
-- LOL! Great tweet for a Friday- hope you are well:)
#jeter is owns the game, screw all you haters
Moment of silence*...
thanks for including!
I understand, but we need change. Alignment is much more than name change, but name is symbolic. Unfortunate acronym was distraction.
Learn about solar energy for residental & commerical- Solar in Action presented by HH Solar Energy tonight at Madison No Fear Dentistry!
I know DC's pretty much always been wack. But you old comic book heads remember Crisis of the Infinite Earths, right? That shit was dope!
this why your werent getting your swell on this morning?
oh my gosh /: im up. i HATE storms. someone come cuddle...
i am seriously a procrastinator at her fin...
America's wealthiest families are now losing their homes to foreclosure at a faster rate than the rest of the country......
Bout to chillax wit my WIFEY gudnite folks
4 reminders / day to pick up your camera. Find a stool or something to sit on and take some shots. Use it as a prop; sit, stand, pose, etc.
Shoutout to your Chicago Fans!!!!! (: <3
Strong people stand up for themselves...stronger people stand up for others.,.,
Happy Super Bowl Sunday everyone! We just picked up a gig at The Mad Frog in Clifton on Thursday, February 23rd. Hope to see you there!
I'll concede to all women that men think with their dicks if they'll promise me to vote with their uteruses.
Going to txt him till I fall asleep..
Blake Griffin just had dunk of the year.
I was hoping for Monday- I have a 4:30 appt.today that I gotta make....
Something tells me your not talking about brown bananas. RT no, the bad one... no, no the fucking BAD one...
I got no #nationalbestfriendday tweet-a-leers from ÿõù !
RT : Acupuncture is gaining new and respect among hospitals & docs. Learn why this Chinese medicine really works:...
truly blessed me with this inspirational link to sermon by
Dis dude gay as hell
absent from discussions today, all about state of the art, tools for specific needs,
Starting yesterday, silver came in at below $30 an ounce for the first time since...well, we can't even remember!
Yo,watch for my new album "Self Made" comin this summer!!
The site is such a tease but the fall will be here before I know it and I'll be best friends w/ the UPS guy! cc
What are you doing tomorrow night? Come out and drink a beer or two if you're not working.
Is it bad that its 5 in the morning and im hungry af ?
ok was hoping it wasnt injury news
This is starting to get old
Ha! I knew it was gonna be about Austin!!! ;)
Man is born to dream, to be enlightened, to connect and to be fulfilled. Managers are too.
I've never understood that no matter where you live on Earth we all see the same sky. Nevermind the #vernalequinox which is happening now.
I remember when MB gave out the release date of #1Girl.....#goodtimes :')
Now Kaveh Jorabchi (chemistry prof) & Melanie Kehoss (artist) talking about their collaborations.
I'm about to go H.A.M.
Looking for something special for Mom for Mother's Day this year? We will be announcing our Make Mom "pretty" Happy contest details soon.
gr8 stats on social usage by CIO relative 2 gen pop
...lol...nuh uh! My mom was the one who told me about it! -
i am still alive ;)
I NEED TO SEE THIS SEASON FINALE OF GREY'S ANATOMY!
your going to be like mommy drop the brisket and none gets hurt
Going for a run
Help us out my recommending our page and twitter to your friends!
My back hurts....
nice catch! You are looking sharp #goodluck with
YES, YES, YES Joshua!
on like donkeykong!
What's your favorite map on Black Ops? Mines Nuketown :)
Hey everybody it's me Mason guest tweeting for I am now officially busy for APRIL! All of April. Haha
Museums have a much bigger responsibility to serve in society than just being a destination.
whoa! That's so cool!! You performing!?
sounds like stansbury suffers from constipation of the head and diarrhea of the mouth!!
Im Guessing It's Cold Outside ^___^
Gatekeeper. Wasn't that the rogue spyware that allowed the bad guys to take over in the movie The Net? And now Apple has it...
very straight. I saw someone that has million followers but only follows 3 peoples
i took that last year… i had troubles using a calculator and i got an eight on my essay even though i didnt understand the topic.
Omg This Old Man Walked By Me Singing "I Beez In The Trap" Lmao
are you excited!!??
@ Same here. I can only handle one addiction at a time.
great to meet you too! Have a good trip.
come on now kari u really have to ask? It's
Going to the bodys exhibit ..... At least I left school early :)
It was great seeing all of the family's today! Thank you all for celebrating with us!
THE NEW ONE! It's film noir, set in the 40's!!!
finally have a change to mess with backing up #pubarch tweets and Storify later today
It's official, Core Media Concepts has it's own dedicated and fully managed hosting solution. Now accepting applicants! DM for details
good thanks for letting us know!
Uh oh. Australian night at Jelly Rolls at Lotusphere. G'day mate.
can't wait to hook up the new led's under my dash tomorrow, they are bright as fuck lol
The kind looking grandma that sat by me on the plane turned out to be a twilight fan. I'm telling ya we're everywhere.
tomorrow is mothers day though?
lol wow you thinkin about me much :)
I love my paintbrushes. But I miss my camera. 25 paintings down. 25 to go. 5 weeks left. I live in paint covered clothes.
Last day of class
: "something smells good.." -sniffs me- "it's you."
I was just at Jim's house too!
he's staying at my place. We'll be up and at it this afternoon on so hit me up
the whole purpose of what we're doing is to help rebuild and reshape the area and ultimately bring positive attn!
Author John Elder Robison Talks About #Asperger’s and His New Book "
I never been drunk , but I being all fuck up.....
still dizzy~~~~but need to get up early tomorrow
why are you threatening to double fist your #OWS fam? One is more than enough.
you love the hat don't lie It's actually my little girls she have it to me for the trip
Done! July, let's make it happen, folks.
You owe it to yourself to find out as much as you can about the top paying nursing careers.
Today will attempt to run 4 miles. There's a first time for everything. Wish me luck!
HEY I WAS THERE, TOO :D
R.I.P. Don Cornelius. An innovator, visionary and legend. Thank you to the creator of Soul Train!!! Love, peace and Soul!
New year New money
did your twitter acct blow up like mine?
So #oomf followes me and only me? And he favorites my tweets!? Creep-___- that some Jerry Springer shit
I love it when an obese TV personality has to interview someone who is on their show to promote a healthy lifestyle.
I'm just not a morning person, maybe I'm just not eating the right meal in the morning, I'll have to get on that!
Dinner with hailey, mummy, and mummy's mummy. (:
Can I get a break? Seriously....
Thanks for the feedback. Sounds like we have a gremlin to ferret out.
Thank you so much to the for inviting us to be a part of Urban Scrawl 2011! We love Franklinton!
No question. Lots of people are jumping on the bandwagon.
Like a Lamp, shine your Talents! Someone is in need of your Light!
From the road......and espn radio....that goal didn't sound good.
GO GO GO
Idk if i could. ha
So excited...
where we at wit it I'm in chi mingling now no longer 45 away .....
Please follow me I am having a contest with my friend
Kay well, I'm done complaining about her for good. All I'm saying is she sucks. She has no soul in her music, or maybe even at all lol
Ha! Glad you had a good time.
thanks -Of course it all worked out :-) wait was closer to 2 hours but once on train - i was soothed by pace & scenery
Tweeting on poetry with your students? Have you seen the documentary "Louder than a Bomb?" Amazing...
everyone go follow he's really good!(:
u understand that it was Bush-GOP fiscal policy that caused recession, and GOP austerity that slows growth, right? |
I hate prom!
": i want sum dre beats !!!" They sound good! I dont think u will need anyother head phones after you buy those.
Making money could be easier than you ever thought... Continue to follow us & ask your friends to do the same! Will unveil the secret soon!
M goat cheese and asparagus quesadillas...
I spent over $350 on the books I'm turning in today. Think I'll get more than $50 back?
There is quite alot of cute guys on twitter and I like their names but..Wale, im sorry but wale wins hands down ~TheWalien~
I have no idea where you're going with that.
I LOVE how my body is losing weight. Must keep at it as a healthier body awaits.
Come grab some lunch and check out some Women's World Cup action starting at noon!
John Lucas on the flight back from Mississippi. Has the best line I've heard from a coach: "you think this is hard? Try gettin off drugs!"
My mom may be shorter than me but she is damn scary..
80 degrees today in Seattle. It's gonna be a lovely day.
Doesn't matter. Any given Saturday.
lol. espanol is kinda easy for me.
hey there, not sure yet, but doubtful, coming off 6 month detail at GSA OCSIT, how u?
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BA>
I'm not okay and I wish you knew.
you working on Friday?
Who had a chance to see 's screening at The Regent Showcase Theater today?
Back2back meetings in the office, working incoffee shops, long flights, etc. You'd think power is readily avail.
I wish tiny elves would come finish the packing for me while I sleep
she just said she's not ghetto, she's unique >.< bol'n
I'm at The Breslin with cfm hair and a vodka cocktail, surrounded by hotties. How much things change in a few hours.
Man it so freaking boring Now Im out of school for a week! I cant stay still gotta stay doing something Productive
“: Still not close enough. :(” Hopefully some day soon, I'll get close!
Watching this episode of criminal minds right now and this episode being based out of Spokane & Seattle hits a little too close to home.
WERE OPEN ON MONDAYS SALON/FULL BARBER SERVICE ComeOut #Oakland #Uptown 1738 Telegraph 5108321100 #Weave #HairCuts #MakeUp Too! --
To whoever decided to reblog that video of "Call Me, Maybe" on Tumblr: I hate you.
oh yeah...unblock me...it's information that I post that pertain to you as well...in the group page
Another day to be great.
RT Who's coming to the this wknd? <We'll be there! Filming & live updates from the "Bloggers Lounge"
Probably!! :-D
holla! Vegas lounge lata, we are going to see a show too. Hopefully we can make this happen!
I'll be the drunk guy throw up the T for the second batter bottom 1 & screamin MVP for the next guy
I absolutely love ' PETUNIA GOES WILD for its connections ("ladders") to WALDEN and TUESDAYS WITH MORRIE. Fantastic PB!
Is Noel EVER gonna announce.. Geez lol
“: #ILikeObamacare because healthcare is a right, not a privilege. People shouldn't have to chose between food or medicine.
Stop talking about what you are going to do and just do it. Ready, FIRE, aim.
Just saw Michael Smerconish in Collingswood
You may have already won...RT : one day a real cruise ship will call me
Ya it's a good pic!
I love being unemployed. It's like being a kept woman. This works for me. Is that so wrong?
"Empowering business *TO* improve social..." missed the "to"
Was Bert with you?
aw cute!!
that is outrageous false advertisement I demand a letter be written to the better business bureau...
Where is ? He's been awfully quiet this #NAFSA11. Did he wander off 2 a Star Wars film festival & 4get about the conference?
Working on some fun stuff for Cave Creek Museum. Stay tuned!
very proud!!
If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward MLK
The true entrepreneur is a doer, not a dreamer. -Nolan Bushnell
Missing my bestfriends :'( I really need to move to where they live like asap!
Ticket raffle, proceeds to help pay off Bobby Bonilla's contract.
I'm love me some McGinn, glad to have him and Downie!
May 7th-11th is Teacher Appreciation Week! Arlington educators, what local establishment would you love to receive a gift certificate to?
I'm in Claremont!
These look so good! We're definitely making these for Valentine's Day! Thank you!
#Feed your mind #positive #thoughts & #THRIVE on success-driven ideas as a result!
Exit polls show win for in #ohprimary... Get ready for a great #SuperTuesday!
hi pls follow me back :)x
'He who angers me, conquesr me'.
if Peyton goes to another team will Denver find better receivers for Tebow?
RT : Dancing In Dark ....
Is a record of this talk available online?
Awesome!! RT : Come to North Park Farmers Market today 94.9FM will be giving away FREE Festival of Arts Craft Beer Block Tix!
Have you ever really danced on the edge?
I'm still looking for an talent agent ! if you can help me I'll be happy! Check me out at www.myspace.com/rj1986
Why did the cowboy die with his boots on? Because he didn’t want to stub his tow when he kicked the bucket
finally done reading tweets from 3 minutes ago and tthen at the top of the page 78 new tweets..... FML.... :O
OMG I just found out they won. I'm so happy!
omg you better send me a free coupon or two !
I know what you're looking at and so does Jesus. Lol
RT : A (Jewish) Star is Born: 1898 Mac Baker 1908 Syd Cohen
Wisconsin goes 4-0 this weekend! Brewers up 2-0, Packers scoring at a record pace and also 4-0 and look who's ranked #4...yup BADGERS.
The 24/7 traffic noise on Rosecrans is similar to a freeway
Hey man check us out :)
Nice to tweet - meet you, Justin! I'm a huge fan of
Alive. The world is wide open. Every moment is an opportunity. Are you taking care of yourself? Please do so and then you can help others.
.....is wonderng why do people open their mouth without thinkng???
I would like to say I'm shocked by what happened at OSU but unfortunately, my fave game is full of corruption.
": Lol, don't go there! You know what I mean!! " === Yea I know what you mean but what can I say I'm a Wild Boy
Witnessing your best friend unable to breathe from the pain in the immediate aftermath of her year long relationship is...blood curdling.
Taking a weakness and turning it into an area of improvement - empl are looking for a candidate that is self aware of themselves
they are great... Baby is kicking during the day now and jr is crazier than ever... Lol
aww :( are they a close friend? But no, it's not haha Are you sure you're not getting the flu or anything? :/
RT: “ When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.””
Holy moly, we museum wonks are SO right brained.
I just hope that this isn't how Mariano Rivera's career ends. That would just be so unfair.
You take away the pain and I thank you for that..
Stop asking why? To every little thing, take a second.
I want someone to keep an obscure number
RT fuckin lit hearing some beats shipped me
I want stickers.
Any chance holmgren comes back to gb to coach? Need him back
2 more months to go xD
also,,,listening to the lyrics i realized that it's describing everything that i had just gone through in the past week..
He looked like he was crying. Or maybe he was pissed he was in the wrong room. RT Nick Nolte doesnt look happy.
Ughh sometimes i feel lileslapping the shit out of my mom n tellin her hey did u forget me u don't only have one damb kid:/!!
hell naw bro. i been gone for a min. ima be back next month
I’ve got a theory that if you give 100 percent all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end.— LARRY BIRD
Today's #vinyl buys: Madness: Tomorrow's Just Another Day 12" (Stiff), Bo Diddley: His Greatest Sides, Vol.1 (Chess)...
It's been so long since I heard your voice live<3 Love you Austin! #SaySomethin is AMAZING! Just like you ;)
Haha RT : I swear I get more jailhouse letters than attorneys.
but his wife is so hot! #ijs RT : Duhon is trash <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Hope you're having a FANTASTIC Tuesday! Thanks for the RT
#OETC12 If you are not in the MASH lab, You are not using Technology! Come upstairs!
Today's going to be a great day!!!
What does dad want for Fathers Day? The house windows, screens, driveway and garage floor cleaned. Fathers Day deal vegaspressurewashing.com
watching you on Rachel vs Guy and you look 1000x better with no makeup
NO! I play my music loud and you cant do anything about it! >:P
FIRST USTREAM broadcast is tonight. this is gonna be a great show. DON'T MISS IT
"YOUR NOT #WINNING UNLESS U CAN WIN WHEN NO 1's LOOKING"
Woke up this morning and all I can think about was you!
I need to start packing. I hate packing. Urg
have a safe trip back. really good meeting you. send me ur contact info when u get a chance: strick @ djstrickbiz.com.
Obama 2012! Let the man finish what he started! Fuck the ignorant haters!
History is written by the victors. Winston Churchill
no we had a problem so I m not in my town
Sitting at Anthony's in Paia sipping on a iced cold chai and eating their delicious seasonal pumpkin chocolate chip muffin.
Woohoo! RT : Playing in Seattle tonight at the , all ages!
Anyone know if #archiviststoolkit allows you to do an OAI-PMH harvest?
I don't think ideas are very valuable in themselves. It's only in doing an idea that you learn anything - Mark Allen
He's a beast
Santorum endorses #Romney. Leaves Ron Paul as last holdout against #RINO Mitt. Why am I not surprised? Because men of principle stand alone!
Oh, bummer. We'll make sure we have some next time you swing down our way... In the meantime hope you enjoy this sunshine!
" good, it had a nice orange tint to it when we got here"
goo point TeensDistrict and thats why i follow u. u have great information and points
I just remembered today's May Day at WAC. Oh man.
I'm all about trying new things in the bedroom, but eye contact is where I draw the line
JULIE WE COULD START A TEAM (;
If it is Filner in November, suspect he'll have Krvaric to thank.
I bet that the football game between the Eagles and Washington will actually be a good game. Eagles will prevail 21-10
i have measured out my coffee with qdoba spoons
I agree!
A dream is a wish your heart makes..
Guess not so much of a rookie as you thought :-)
And we're back! Our provider contacted us and has indicated that there should be no further issues. Thanks for your patience!
I've been here now about 6 months. I love it and I can get East or West Coast easily. Getting my accent.
If Rondo's master plan was to show his worth to the Celtics, missing tonight's game has done that.
Twitter friends, a good friend of my wife and I lost their son who was a Marine serving in Afghanistan prayers needed please. God bless.
It's it wrong to hope Facebook shares are trading at $3.80/ share by 3PM?
congrats on setting the NFL Primetan league record last weekend. Next time, don't listen to
Could go either way. P needs work on defense RT : did you see mayweather call out pacman?! who ya got in that fight?
I Know Where Im Not Welcome .... So Dint Worry About Me ... :-)
2 worksheets but they were really hard
just started playing and the night of epicness has begun!
“Music is harmony, harmony is perfection, perfection is our dream, and our dream is heaven” (Henri Frederic Amiel)
a guy im friends with decides to hold my hand during class im soo confused right now
When I text someone and they dont text me back, I automatically assume that they fainted of excitement. ;)
hope you had a magnificent birthday pretty lady!
The Lombardi cast enjoyed the kind words of all the media 2nite at the stadium, gr8t meeting and all others too...
Oh ok Metta!! We see you!
Hey, Last MNH for a while, McFetridge is closing for repairs for a while...it starts at 9 though, you in? Sent you the FB invite.
A good friend can shield you from the storm.
lol you hit a car
Perfect day for the air-conditioner to crap out! #notcool!
There's more to the Chicago tech scene than Groupon / Lefkofsky. Happy to point you to people to talk to.
You heard 'em Forkflyers, get on it. :)
what did David say?
Heading to the TWC cruise in the Bahamas.
Chicks with pigtails >>>> every dude has a school girl fetish. Its whether or not they should share it with the world.
“: Treat me as a joke and I'll leave you like it's fucking funny.”
Had a dream last night about fighting over a cab. I won though <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Kodak is preparing to file bankruptcy. Story developing...
The Son of Man will send forth his angels, and they will collect out of his Kingdom all the things that cause people to sin
I don't lust for sugar, sloth... ;)
how are you using Intelligence Squared? As a model for debate?
I'm totally checking my bags. Can't deal with my body/skin libations being snatched up by the man.
we are terrible at averaging. Really incompetent at it.
funny how the little things can completely ruin your day
Thanks (David) for the sweet Brazilian mate tea on Wednesday night. Good way to kick start a Friday !
All the #dwts semi- finals are amazing Can they all win?
Big time.
The dimensions at North Campus Field in LaCrosse are ridiculously short. 355 to left center. #lolwhat?
THX for following me !
Of course, we love all things wedding related :-) Glad to connect with you.
thank you for the great feedback last night!
Giving thanks for seasoned innocence. #ForReal :)
Chirping #Blackhawks make my day
Global youth service day huge success! Ready for your grads party? Call us!
Webcast from Educause: Reaching and Engaging Today's Learners starting. Part of the Educause Top Teaching and Learning Challenges 2009 prjt
Parent-hating blanket statements = unfollow. Mom knows labor best.
2chainz is where its at
how was your day? and anyone else who reads this
so right!
be there at 8.
I will probably nap after running around. Now that Danny is back to work, I got me time...ha
#ICantDateSomeoneThat judge other people
Second Kastles Giveaway: Retweet for chance to play in VIP clinic Thurs 10 am w/ & at ! Winner drawn 5 pm today
Daylight Saving Time this weekend, guys! Don't forget. No one wants to be late to work on Monday morning...
I can feel all the spirits here.
Mention do317 at fantasy bowl ten for free admission with grandmaster flash tonight after ten
hey, ur sitting next to me
Also made pumpkin chocolate chip cookies. Don't worry work friends, I will bring some in tonight to share.
ikr ... like what the heck ?! hangout soon .
needs to not waste time when he shorts but all in all good game lucas was still mad about lebron jumping over him
"By Love and Art Scarred" just won the award for First Film North America at The Heart of England International Film Festival!
Guess ill eat more of my delicious spaghetti I cooked today.
Lol He will! RT : Hey me and REALLY REALLY REALLY need you to win!!!!
My motivation to get out of bed right now is nonexistent.
thanks so much for reading!
safe travels back to the
of course not! :)
PETE is the #1 plastic. Never date him again! at
Wow ! Tell it like it is!
More and more good ideas from the PCI team this weekend! Looking forward to sharing them with you all soon
I didn't realize I was following Mike Murphy, but I do know through Facebook, that he owns and operates Mike & Molly's bar in Cham.
cause I like to say that word OH OH OH OH HI
Just give it a rest please just move on with ur life this is so immature and annoying its over with we are over with not even friends let's
I normally get my werk out when I forget my car 60 blocks downtown and then have to walk to find it... hungover!
August Wilson Center & The Shyne Awards Talent Showcase is today! Doors 6:30P. Watch while teens compete for $500! Special Guests:"SCR"
Alas, no. Sounds fun, though!
So much for bloodys. Been waiting on the runway for an hour. Man people get restless quick.
On Thursday we are so going to get 2,800 followers! LOVE U GUYS #GOODNIGHT <3
thx for the follow Chris
“: I'm down to 477 friends on Facebook and it feels great. I've shed about 65 people in the past week.” + 1
board of supervisors meeting tonight.
Getting Famous Singers Without Make-up | makeup vanity stool tip
could you hire refs who know at least a little about the game? Just talk it over in the offseason yeah?
#Naptown on da brink RT : Bitch its hcp! Rip dj screw!!! #TATTED n BLOOD !!!
honestly that shouldn't be true. And if it was somebodies cut from the team, come back I'll buy you a beer
I love also, his videos are always awesome and he's pretty damn attractive :D
I just got One Request Baby....Stop Breathin.
Wanna find someone to blame look in the mirror
my harsh, yet realistic assessment of the Cubs establishment, I am willing to go to Wrigley for a "game". You in?
#SFFD should be on Twitter.
Hey thanks for the follow! Viva QR codes!
RT : Coachella is starting to sound like such a nightmare. Or maybe I'm just old. I'm okay w just being old.
Commonwealth Academy enjoyed hosting the Independent Small Schools Athletic Conference finals @ the Charles Houston Rec Center in Alexandria
Highland with some sexys in a bit
editing pictures for #candybuyback. bet kids are excited to see them but will show them later.
I work w/ a diverse cmnty in Baltimore, so very helpful info at your Fri pm presentation on New Americans Program. Gracias!
would love a shirt to do my part to spread the word!
i keep reading this email like its not real.
thanks man!!
Mind = blown.
Glad to do it, baller. Don't make and me take you & the Wednesday boys on in a little baseball comp.
Thank you so much, Elizabeth!! Sounds like that should be a conference!! :) xoxo
* going to sleep now.!.
Butterflies are beautiful. Therefore, Jimmy called beautiful. Hahaha #Idol ;)
My favorite ice cream ; mint cookies & cream <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
I'll be live-blogging the Blazer game tonight for the Follow along for a steady stream of Raymond Felton fat jokes.
CCTV meeting at a rendering facility. Smells delicious...
Thanks for the props! I'm here if you have any questions or feedback... we LOVE feedback :-)
Happy New Year's Eve! Celebrate safely and we'll see you at Acme Hotdogs on Tuesday, January 10th!!!
tweetgrid never works right for me, i think bc i use a netbook, doesnt show up right on the screen :(
it worked for me? Lol
I think we should put together the goodknews mixtape. I got a hot 16 bars son.
Ridiculous overturn of the TD.
SF TIP: Thursday after Quijerema catch Gary Flores Steady gig for tight Flores group and parade of guests. Great hang!
Moms sent me home with some Halloween-edition Oreos yesterday. Yes. Halloween. They still go hard though...lol
Pink Floyd vs. The Beatles: Who do YOU think was better? Or is old “classic rock” music dead and should stay buried?
No team has cut down the nets at the end of the season with the winning streak the Cats were taking into the tourney since IU's undefeated
hi... those are some of my favorites too :)
Shouldnt Of Had That Garbage Plate Ma Dude
No, don,t
#NFL Draft!
Managed to avoid the pouring rain. Was feeling smug until I accidentally dumped an entire mug of hot tea in my lap
Please...please #MLB don't have the All-star game at Citi-Field next year...place doesnt deserve it!!
Why do we want Anchorman 2? Look what Anchorman did to Will Ferrell's movies since...
See I have to disagree. Do you follow national politics…? Its ALL nonsense.
#wordswithfriends says "Jesus" is not an acceptable word. That's funny cause I use it all the time.
I am so glad there is only one more 21st b'day this year...and it's not until October. This hangover should be gone by then. Oi
THat should be 330 N Howard Street at 2 pm. Come help spread the LOVE
thanks! Glad you liked it.
Guy in a bathroom stall just answered his phone with "Now what?" Still on the can, he's yelling a string of four-letter words.
As we all face stresses & difficulties I find this quote most relevant, "The challenges do not build character, they reveal character".
You know what really grinds my gears... when you buy a large soft drink and they fill it up halfway with ice. Real cool Tim Hortons.
Hopefully all this #tacobell will improve my performance in the match today.
whats the video!?
Yea watever we a see
Are you looking forward to a very special Valentine's Day?
Naps on rainy days are the best
what up SG? What's good my dude? My email is
Good luck - not that you need it. But does not cost anything to wish you the very Best
Thank YOU! Also one of my faves is The Good Sisters and that has a special screening on line this Friday night with us!
#archives The Benefits of Motivational Scholarships FUEL is excited to announce a new blog series that will feature frequent updates from
Blaring Sandwitches in my room with the door closed -Damien Wolfe
Lazing around knitting and watching the redwings game.
Yo its judgment day.....ima pass this eoc with atleast a C
I guess i'm a nobody .
um I don't even know who this is...that profile pic doesn't look familiar! Lol
Don't say you love me if you're not gonna stay.
tough time staying focused today: archiving stuff, ILS, Room Reserves, ILS, squirrel!
THE NEXT 4 PEOPLE TO FOLLOW GET THEIR NAME SENT TO JUSTIN AUSTIN ALEX ROBERT AND CODY! RT WHEN U DID
"Siri, ask this girl out. Take her on a date. Bring her back to the house and get her clothes off. Call me when she's ready.
Cool thanks for the link!
No problem
ha yep. Happy to have both. Guess I kinda hope I book the 20 yr old one tho...
Envision You – Rediscover the Original Identity the Creator had in mind for you.
Dont be sad so many people love and care about you
Good morning everybody <U+2665>
That's horrible!
#shoutout to my friends in Philippines, Colombia, South Africa, Netherlands, UAE, India, Indonesia, and Iceland.
no idea dude.. this immigration system sucks :(
Heard Knight at ISTE in Denver. Good stuff!
I think I need a Thereapy Session of I need the print out to help my disk go back in cause' this sucks ass :-(
Type A personality?
dude what the F u talking about?
glad I could help.
dong think its crazy
Don't think I can handle any more of the Manning/Smith/Tebow soap opera. , wake me when it's over.
Bouta throw down w/ my baby mama & make snow crab legs & skrimppp <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Thanks for the RT !: MarketingBtoB: RT : #socialmedia tweeps read this! Seeking the Next Start-Up Hit ...
do you have the link to it?
Man. C'mon Blackhawks! Get it together. Need a win now
Just did my first sake bomb...I set it up myself...and I rocked it!
Biology is boring.
Funny Insult: Do you want people to accept you as you are or do you want them to like you?
HUGE night tonight for & on #DWTS. #PackerNation, we need to come up BIG for DD.
Filming in the middle of the woods, pretty spooky here.
No huddle
idk but I'm just happy I woke up. Otherwise I woulda missed the end of the Caps/Bruins game.
Anyone awake on twitter!?
"well, I keep trying to die but they won't let me" "well, you can't have everything"
You know it's a bad day when you jump out of bed and miss the floor!
That way i can save space and money
Radelet: "People tend to look at the rates of Real Income that have not changed much since the 1960. But these is very clear changes."
RT : Tangerine Porter | It's here | Taste test results: approved. | Tapping Thursday @ the brewery. | 4 pm
on chill mode in a (sexy voice)
congrats on the 50k likes on Fb!!! Love you guys! Keep up the excellent work!! =D
why would you laugh?! That dick is near perfection.
shut up lol
Eating during tonight's #FearFactor was not smart....
I've found it easy to add folks to a circle who I did not know personally but who seem to have similar interests, e.g. eduMOOC
We are currently putting together themed collections of our best-selling EDU films with PPR and/or DSL. Anything you want to see included?
okay now byr
Not upset at all. Happy Friday. :)
5/14-For the 10:30 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Lenny Marcus
When reading becomes a necessity, reality sets in to unlearn and investigate how to become great again. When color is not a issue!
LTFU.!!!! The role model to all of us ghetto boyz with hollywood dreams WE ARE THE FUTURE!!!! #We are problemgang
Thx for the folla' back bro! Lookin' forward to Sunday.
Love you <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7>! Thank you for another thrilling ride this season. But right about now it's all about the #KNICKS!!! NYK ALL DAY EVERYDAY!!!
Hang in there.
If I fall asleep texting you, its because I didnt want to say goodbye
2012 is gunna be 's year ! He is such an inspiration and he is very talented :) I love you Cody ! <3
will you be accepting friend requests on TOR? If so, I would really like to add you.
OK so then I guess I'm nuttin 2 u?
Stop That i will
just checked the scores for the game. I guess MWP didn't bring his game to OKC. Must've left it in QueensBridge!
DVD: Beginners (2010)
Bon Iver is a product of Wisconsin, people. Get on board. Eau Claire FTW!
never realized how rude could be! Worst brother award
Welcome new followers hope to see you all soon
Fan of soccer aye? Which stages/leagues do you follow?
"Almost always, the creative dedicated minority has made the world better." - Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr.
In about 5 years, Mitt Romney will say any president would have supported gay marriage.
Unexpected trip to the mechanic. Thankful for friends who are mechanically inclined!
We are having another Madison showing & a MKE showing inMay and possibly Chippewa Fls.. Details very soon! No DVD yet.
same here thanks to #livegive and always nice making friends!
If your on instagram follow me I follow back ASAP
Time to get retwisted :)
AH! thats so cool! haha can you dm me your number? i got that text ting for my ipod!
I get mixed up with
I'm going to be in London for a month. What should I go see and do?
The average American eats 150lbs of SUGAR a year!!!! Try substituting w/ fresh fruit (raisin, dates, honey, maple, xylitol, stevia).
are you serious...
Crazy I seen today after a long ass time
Managing Twitter wall at #techatstate Serious Games - tons of interaction and lots of energy today!
No can do. Will be out of town. Have fun!
Packing up my photo gear for the Harvest Day today. Free portraits by staff today- be sure to stop by!
So says Ted and I bet they chatted about avoiding the appearance of threatening PBO in future.
getting all slippy yet its right in the morning.can i pull thru the day,i wonder
Happiness is, when it's Friday and you get to leave 1.5 hour early than usual time. Happy weekend!
#ff : dynamic web designer; : innovative librarian; : talented community organizer
God is awesome
Raw Silks also a favorite of mine, but some clients don't like the way they look printed
Taking a nap! I'm stupid tired right now.
Seeing Bob Dylan live would be such a people watching spectacle... love it!
Not all men are annoying. Some are dead.
Hide yo wife, hide yo keedz...RT“: Uh oh just showed up...”
work now. Work tomorrow at 4. Meet tonight around 1?
Prepping for Pittsburgh business trip mid-week to instruct continuing education for insurance agents.
Mac people: is it time for me to upgrade from Leopard? Haven't felt the need, but most new software requires at least Snow Leopard...
“: Let's all get drunk tonight” yaap
the "baddest bitch" is trina. who's the "illest bitch alive"?
He Better Leave Me Alone Lbs
Don't see you, can you message me por favor
yay for working heat!!! i froze my rear off today
Battle for my saturday couch goes to freddy garcia. Beat out derrick rose. I see you Freddy.
Just standing in one period room and explaining the furnishings. A lot like a regular tour - must be a pricey wedding extra!
As some of you may know, I have a contract position at company in Norcross as a QA Analyst. The contract ends next Friday, job hunting I am.
don't be mad when I email you saying that.
Unfortunately, we do not.
Technically, no, as long as you're on a public property.
Nats win it in the bottom of the 11th over the Phillies!
What about when you use it as your spell check?
hey what's good with u
moving back to NM in May. Do you know if they are still casting for 'The Avengers'? Who is casting it? Glad I found you on here.
you already know.
No class=hittin the gym early
Nice work boys. Still love you.
ok then im not coming over gay boy
Today get a free medeium drink with any order of a Bacon Guac Burger
i feel great today !!!
You're so cool if you can't wait to get drunk after PROM.
ugh. I hope you feel better soon!
Watching scream 4 is really leading me to believe there's someone in my house right now
It's only Wednesday and I'm exhausted. I think I'm spending my birthday doing nothing since it's been so crazy last few days.
I guess my talk isn't going to write itself. That's what I'll be doing today!
Canoe Boy Terence is in Gables - in by 6PM
Why did the Patriots not pounce on Lloyd right away? It's a perfect fit and he is offering a discount to them.
now that funny
Done. I'll bring a gift to make it less awkward. : It's a bday party for a friend but we'd like it to be hoppin'.
Gullable and systematic are beings i walk among
I completely agree.
You're 29.. Please stop poking me on Facebook.
Great form, man. I can tell that shot went in.
Great weather here when you land!!!
hey guys just wanna say thx 4 following #teamfollowback :D
I love There's never any beating around the bush or sugar coating a situation. She's just honest <3
'twas you who informed me that it's dang near impossible to get kids to pose for ya :-)
Thinking about getting a Blendini from Rita's.
#dragrace Sharon Needles, obviously.
THANKYOU to for voting YES "We are stronger together than we are apart."
Thanks for the mention! ^NE
Time to straighten mah hair.
Life is god.
Looking for contact infomation for my Doctor!!!! - Elizabeth Russo-Stringer - Best Dr. I've had of any specialty. Please private message me!
Don't forget - drinks + food at the country club this evening in the tavern. it's the #weekend cc:
Just watched #TheVow for the first time absolutely loved it although I felt so bad for Leo, not to worry I love you Channing!<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
it Is pretty rad, right?!
Interested in the Aurora Chamber? Join me for a FREE lunch to find out March 14th from 11:30-1pm at Doogan's of Aurora. Let me know:)
Every argument needs a base in which to start. If you do not find the (by 'the' I mean every) dictionary to b such a basis ...
I want to move back to the WC just for the celebratory In-N-Out visits...Yay for the last paper of the quarter!
cant wait til Jan issue RT : you should put Austin in your magazine ;)
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!6
with Ced! Lol I didn't see you. Next weekend!
Use Twitter to collect fans and new friends.
The rudeness seems ironic... RT Trying not to get aggro as people cut the line to see the Dalai Lama. Deep breaths.
I don't mind spending everyday out on your corner in the pouring rain
I love when people prank call you and pretend to be carter and say things about lilly, really funny. #not!
followed her
no I'm not what baby?
And the Best Supporting Actress award goes to Mo' Nique for Precious...
Any and all social graces go out the window when a bug flies into my hair....
I will b n like 2 weeks...lol
“: Happy Easter from my cats to yours. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0> #singlegirlproblems #easter” HAHAHA
“: thanks for following :)!” Sure thing!:)
I still am missy !!!!
so terrifying that I don't have any idea what it actually is....
Local digest: US crew includes Cal graduate Zach Vlahos, Stanford's Jake Cornelius - San Jose Mercury News
how are the same people who *created* a record budget deficit suddenly the *heroes* who will save us from big government spending?!
Birthday dinner with my loves tonight!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
Im so jealous of u right now lol
Mayor Cory Booker is a true HERO!
The writers of Family Guy are clearly always drunk or high
Team finishing custom client/engineer login & relationship mgmnt tool integrated w/ custom secure file & blog mgmnt tool w/ logging!
is he a CSI fan, too?
back at the for 2012 planning with productions and
“: I make food... Im too lazy to eat it now :c” give it to me! :D
It's basketball season.....so where are you????????
Add her twitter name so she know it's real
Time for some Mad Men!
Danny, think a good idea. Done in Asia. Someone on bike/scooter comes to ur car & drives car/u home. Very popular.
Talking about the power of crowdsourcing on Twitter. (That's how this conference got pulled together, btw)
Thank you for following.
who play first?
Camos Brothers Pizza is NO longer associated with Fuhgeddaboudit Pizza in Cary or Fuhgeddaboudit Pizza LLC
so you wish you were a girl...? (;
you wish you were baller.
< bring me a blondie I gotcha..
Crushed under a deluge of document boxes/ The relics of time surround me/ When I am found in 50 years time, will they catalogue my remains?
And we're back. That's right - networks don't rest on the weekend, and neither do we! More updates from #annconf to follow!
No I hadn't seen that - thanks so much for sharing! Wonderful way to start the year :) Happy new year to you!
I know I didn't pass.
So I am trying to figure out what song to have play for my star wars video. Really don't want to use copyrighted stuff anyone got any ideas?
Believe in something big. Your life is worth a noble motive. -Walter Anderson
I Just Saw 'Olivia' Youll Love It (Grey Whit & Navy). Ask For It When You Walk In At 56 St & 5th Ave.
i love afternoon naps mm
Man... I thought getting away from twitter would save me from dying of laughter. Stephen Colbert didn't help at all. lol
One of my goals today was to make you laugh. I hope I did, but in case I didn't, here's this: Two guys walk into a bar. The third guy ducks.
I am!
How fickle my heart and how woozy my eyes, I struggle to find any truth in your lies.
lol I know right.
i have an idea get the nfl.network
I would be live tweeting Thor, but it would just be wanking noises over Loki Loki Loki.
Where is the arm cuff you are rockin on tonights #fashionstart from?!
“: I cannot fucking stand True Blood, I can't be the only one.”with u on that one
's beard is gone. Am I next?
I Strongly Dislike Talking On The Phone With People
Who drank the other 1/2 this time? Stop cheating on me, sassypants. And hurry up and get here.
RT Follow these awesome bands!
God bless wandering minds cast parties.
Thanks to our recent followers! #FF , , , ,
oh hes filming an episode on punk'd, thats why !!! :DD
thanks for the love bro I'll link up wit u when I get back
Eff you dude on Hollywood blvd berating people who don't wanna buy your hip-hop cd. I'm not trying to make you listen to MY band.
Of course..
Seen a chick with #youaintboutthislife >>> in her bio smh, so basic o_0
dunno, forgot to ask my friend hahah will get you back on that. n e thing MUST go2 there you know?
Flight attendants are the Ben Affleck of the travel industry.
it's charging! Haha
dark blue dark blue.
please I'll do the doggie please follow meh
i want to start making videos, i just dk of what maybe interviews with homeless people asking where do they get the markers for the signs
she pop that pussy on a monday, she never falls in love
thanks for the heads up. hopefully this doesn't happen again.
Steve Nash needs to.just hang it up him and grant hill
Got it if you need it.
Yo is that Fender system you got the passport 300 or 500?
Same difference. :)
Nice try #ThomasSweet Montgomery BUT I still favor the cupcakes at #Princeton !
Thank you for coming out to #OpOliver! It was great meeting your daughter!
yeah that's a prob “: I need to stop making 5 plans for 1 night & forgetting about half of them. This is why I'm a ditcher :(”
“ "Diseases of the soul are more dangerous and more numerous than those of the body." ~Cicero”
my three favorite foods.
finishing work
Had quite the eventful weekend. A new look to the website coming soon! Courtesy of who is awesome!
Decorating for #Christmas with the windows open is a little weird.
RIP to the girl she used to be!
that looks like my house....
Ha ha! I can personally introduce you, Jenna. He lives in a sweet bldg I'm very familiar with. :)
Welcome new luvs part 5! Thanks for following
I mean, obviously, some regression was expected this year. But they look awful way too often. Need some spark.
Fresh-Men class meeting then practice. Dont bother texting unless your name is Gregory&Alyssa.
Damn, Whitney.
You know you're a good Minnesotan when your winter clothing allows you to go out in -20 windchill and you get too warm;)
#MoveOn does not speak for #OB is just a safe space for true Direct Democracy. Thanks for keeping us honest.
LOVE IT! RT : When God made (; Why do I believe this is so true?
We look forward to meeting you as well!
Reminder: we are sitting on the long hill with the trees.
I love the humidity. It makes my skin look nice. Lol.
So how many medical ontologies really exist? Can you piece them together in some sort of three dimensional Venn diagram?
girl nothing at home bored !
lol do they have church on Sunday too?
Checking out the reverb page showing support. follow back.
My ex still calls me after 2 and a half years since I broke up with him. He always tells me he will marry me one day. Yea keep dreamimg
see you tonight!
Stellar idea! RT : Indy Restaurants: How will you be sourcing locally during the Super Bowl? May I suggest Hoosier Momma?
Get your mind off the rain -- visit SECCA. 3 galleries of the best art of our time. FREE. Part of NC Dept. of Cultural Resources.
I smell patchouli...
Right when I thought I was done... I ran of "sugar" for the last dessert
Oh yea baby!
I could turn 1 into 2. God cant turn 1 into many
Thompson Library Break Hours June 1-20: Monday-Friday: 7:30 a.m. -6 p.m.; Saturday & Sunday: 11 a.m. - 6 p.m.
Eva Langoria's apperance on Real Time With Bill Maher showed me that she's as smart asshe is hot.
Didn't feel that he should be traded either, but you talk smack, you get dealt. You hit a star, you get benched.
Anything special on tap tonight ? Going to stop in for some brews and wings.
Oh, I forgot that you can't just buy the upgrade. :P
enjoy! Lite on the butter!
thanks for calling my blog brilliant, but misspelling conspiracy while taking a shit.
This is absolutely epic, Olympics have NO chance against this production when the set takes off into space for InterGalactic pre-season.
Dear rain: not sure I trust u after the last few days deluge, but would REALLY like it if we could get thru all r games 2day w\o u.
With our same day service, you can have your iPhone fixed in no time!
Neither; mainly because posting on those is expensive, and in searching, I'll look at targeted companies on their career boards
What happened to Dick Trickle?! Miss you guys on the short tracks of Wisconsin!!
glad to hear your doing well. haha
is on the road again! Bought tix for the family, can't wait!
Illegal Bacon
Shouts to all my niggas on Raleigh St. bout to hit a few licks tonight with niggas not familiar with Metro West in Orlando
You got it.
are u serious?? The metro service down there is wack?
Nice. What kind of formats would you like to see - stats used, etc.?
like immediately after?
It's almost time for the holiest day of the year in American Capitalism....Black Friday...
Thanks Flip! RT : HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
It like they all doing there own thing, its crazy.
what happened 1st HK? iPod power down or the sun??
#FridayListens SLEIGHT by Kirsten Kaschock, read by Review copy thx to &
711 Press has three horror books in the works. First up is Flight 666, a MovieBook by Drusilla Winters. It is really out there!
huge series this weekend for the brewers against cardinals, a sweep would put them in first place
MAD LATE WITH IT.
What if clothes were never invented? Would ppl possibly then take care of their bodies uh ewe! I just frew up
My Chemical Romance <3
what to do
It's not over till it's over.
RT : “He that takes medicine and neglects diet wastes the skills of the physician.” ~ Chinese proverb
"Babies don’t follow instructions and often 'fuss out' mid-test, taking their data points with them."
I expect huge & hilarious things from you! :-) Can!t wait
intro to Eugene Huang to see if he can attend the awesome video citability demo we will be doing in DC ar 11 4-6pm purty please?
Corner, Mexico. Conceded by Landon Donovan.
@ hey Pisces! It's about that time of year for us bro!
yes, i know! how you been?:D
Hilarious video on lean startup jargon - great starter for your session. Thanks for sharing!
Im somewhere up there...
oh Ashley, it seems to be becoming that way, you don't have to though
I totally just had excellent bus karma.
Free membership for a yr, promo code "fit" during the sign up process. www.TheGymPro.com YES FREE FOR A YEAR. RT : New Video
Wow! That is just fucking it! Done. Now!!!!!
stayed up late finishing your book. Embarrassed to be an alumni of Tech with how they screwed you.Tech football isnt the same.
One Party Bus remaining available Friday night December 11th. Contact us now for details at 405.447.2446 or at www.okcpartybus.com
we know a place that does pretty awesome tattoos! :)
Make recursive cloud storage… but another service inside of your dropbox folder
LAX is a mess of construction.
Get into Saturdays for only $10 tomorrow night. TEXT the message PURA to 99158 to get a discount pass texted to you by 7pm!
Shit, I just need to dedicate my entire Instagram account to my cats.
you are very welcome
I think I found the right one can I get a follow back.
'Do Me, Baby' from Prince on the way in 5 minutes
God knows I need one, sister and I miss u something fierce.
There is a special place in Hell for those who design airline Web sites.
Mooney down 16-14 but knocking on the door after int
MFL So outcheeaa! Its in everybody mouth!!!
and yet you still love winelibraryTV
Return on Relationships is the new way of thinking about our customers. Some ARE more important than others!
Gary Coleman's wife is shady.
you sang?
How cool is this! tweets: "Who won Little 500?"
2nd to none
I waited all my life for this moment to arrive
Thank you! I can't wait to be there... the greatest town in the world.
HAHA I LIKE THAT!!
Ugh. I just want a sexy ass mother fucker. Like Is that too much to ask?
love your slideshows!
oh #rkelly is trending! #pipedpiperofr&b
The Title "Wildin Out In The Studio" fits #Perfectly LMAO
Hello! Hopefully you didn't see me driving whilst talking on my phone o.0
Heading up to indoor to catch some hoops. in town always has some good teams. Can't wait to see the talent
Off to enjoy what looks to be a perfect 4 day weekend! Hope everyone has the same! ~XOXO
Best team all year brought home the crown. Congrats UK! 2012 NCAA Champs! even sweeter that to comes off a kU loss!
You should'int always belive them when they say they won't brake your heart!
Half time in America: Ronald Reagan is posthumously buying ad space during the SuperBowl? Trickle-down advertising from beyond the grave.
I saw one person @ one of their followers for this and everyone else talkin' about how nobody bold enough to do it.
Guys remember "Every Mother's Day Needs a Mother's Night"
Sweet jesus, now it's flooding. And it's expected to continue for the next TWO HOURS! What is happening?!
As I put my evening gowns together w/my jewelry for our cruise nxt wk that I'll be a walking billboard; maybe make a sale or 2!
Man what's up with some of these artists these days!! Give me a shot and I GUARANTEE I'll make you millions!
at Parisol Bar Up #wynn With Resource Group. Join us if you are
me neither. If you wanted ice cream you had to go to the goshdarn farm.
Damn fool!!!!
Going to lunch with my priest. This could be awkward...
Went to the Arbor theater in Austin to see A Separation and the trailer before it is anti-choice propaganda? ...probably not coming back.
Caffeine is required, please input.
Walking in these shoes is gonna take some time getting used to again....
This dinner might be the greatest thing to ever happen to humanity.
lol lil gay ass I remember u had me so mad wit dis shit last yr. Couldn't tell me u wasn't gay. Lmao
You in a better mood today friend?
Treks at a time like this?
Whose watching the fight tonight?
Never waste your time trying to explain who you are to people who are committed to misunderstanding you.
We had a great time at the Earth Jam at Cincinnati State, today! Thank you all for the love :) See you next year!
I actually HAVE several useless degrees -- which is why I ended up here! So happy they'll have me
Conceive big disruptive ideas + try them out in a small pond
If u waitin on my call DontCountOnIt
"Fun church" kids ministry meeting :D
Win lose or draw, the real winners in Indiana's primary were the companies that printed all those dam glossy postcards I got in the mail.
Thanks for the #FF mentions !!
yes. For some reason it waited 24 hrs to post... Traffic jam yesterday, too, though. :)
cause cheese like cheese
yeah buddy
Um, he was eating our food and pooping on the counters. He's lucky i didnt torture him
Rip to my grandmother she would have enjoyed mothers day 2k12 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Really? I like Donny a lot
I had been aiming for paperless, but lots of sts were CRAVING paper :(
who's your daddy? :D
I'm in class bro
My friday evening plans cleared up. Looking for something fun (but not too late or expensive) for tonight.
please contact us so we can help you figure out why things are running slowly.
i tried callin and it goice to voice mssg UGH
Friends is amazing. GOD SUCH GOOD SHOWS ON TONIGHT.
Sometimes I feel like some people don't deserve to be in high school!
Beautiful painted trillium. We have trillium, too, but not so beautifully colored.
We had finals and they're making us ew
The future looks very bright for USA soccer!
Ima about to kill sum niggas
Just had a great night<3
The family also says the oils in your hair can help too
La, la, la, la wait till I get my money right la, la, la, la then you cant tell me nothing right
Brass Monkey!
I'm learning so much from the Mambo King!!! So awesome!!!
now I got you guys on Facebook and twitter!I'm suzie Rhine!i know I have said this about a Bazillion times but you guys are amazin
The Robinsons - Tyler and Demarco - are dominating this spring game. ...
Your first on the list to be notified :-)
Hosting all three Mount Mary College fashion shows Friday at the Hyatt. Excited to see this new crop of up-and-coming fashionistas!!!
MALF is looking to feature Summer Reading Programs this month. Any suggestions for exemplary programs supported by our members?
Is it jus me, or are too many first graders dating nowadays?;p.
Never let your dad cut your hair.
i hate perverted guys -.- smh.
okay then. I'm bored.
omg I'm dying right now <U+2665> 's voice is so perfect :)
Sweet. I'll have to check it out. thanks!
Finally liking the #Cowboys strategy this offseason, welcome to Rack City Morris Claiborne!
those aren't clues those are more questions!
My list of non-negotiables includes people who toy with others' emotions. Also, releasing hostages.
Cool! Are you working there tonight? Got my 3 little nephews & SIL and BIL here to visit from Canada.
Love you
LA & OC tomorrow for 2 weeks! So. Fucking. Excited.
Got my tux ready to go :D
awesome. I just started #p90x it's kicking my ass. Haha
Yeah soon enough! (Until then more time spent on slashdot) heh
Mike browns offence is the same as it was here in cleveland have the superstar dribble the clock out den take the shot
It hasnt been a great week, its only hump day...
We're playing in reverse this month, right?
Even as a Laker fan, I really love the Paul Pierce rafters commercial.
their futures will most definitely be affected by the outcome.
#delenakiss still can't believe it... Woah I shouted very loud when I saw them kissing OMG. #delenaforever :)
The master of disaster, the king of sting, the count of montefisto...Apollo.....Creed! (Watching #Rocky4)
Have a great weekend Roger..
What kinda of douchery is this?!! Someone emails me and demands I fix my FREE iPhone app 'NOW' because it 'sucks' on an old iOS?
Are you still at Burnhearts?
I wanna take a trip to Miami too see
me too!
I won't give up on us, even if the skies get rough, i'm giving you all my love.
I'm just a very big fan of Weezer
i'm in an amazing mod ! hbu ?
just ordered mine!! So glad I didn't spend $300+ on a Wacom, looking forward to trying this out!
Choose to actively rest. You're too busy NOT to rest.
my bad it's
When I become a zombie I want to eat everyone, then party.
It's alright with me, ! Can't wait to see you #bringit at !
great lineup.. Going to be an awesome time!!!
Wisdom begins in wonder. ~Socrates
must.see.tv.
Re: Limbaugh. He is reminding us of the more accurate definition of fanatic.
you made the cut with now on ch 411!
Preparing for the HCI Strategy and Workforce Planning conference on Monday in San Francisco. Attendance list is great. Aruspex sponsoring.
Is it geeky that I'm kind of excited about taking cataloging next semester?
Cold/allergies have had me under wraps the most of the past few days. Tomorrow should be super productive.
When is my man Josh Freeman and the baby bucs going to get some love?
Gaping Jaws Gary,I just haven't slept since our flight together.... ( ATL-AMS ..[..BOD]
babies are cute and all, but I'm not sure why I've been invited into the facebook group to look at your kid's photos.
zomg this bottom is legit crying
why do all the movies on streaming netflix blow? I need some netflix suggestions?
Watching "Hunt for the Giant Octopus" on NGWILD now. Fascinating but a little eeeuuuwww.
thanks for the ride and treats. Most importantly thx for the friendship and memories!
GTBMC!!! Stephen A Smith is wearing the I <3 Skip Bayless t-shirt! WOW!!!
I swear to God, Andrew blows up my phone I'ma punch him in the pecker
Where did time go? When you are young, you can't wait to be 21, then U cant wait for 25, you hit 25 it's like a landslide.DOWNHILL NONSTOP!
I need pics soon!!! I'm on a mission...give me one more month! ;)
It's a destiny moment. Perfect. Romans 13:11
: Fundraising should be at the center of thinking, not programming, because it's what funds the programs.
did you take the re exam?
Had a blast at the show at Antone's on Sunday! Had to leave early, found out some bands were interested in doing another show...!
ShoutOut to !!! She is AWESOME! Her tweets are the best!! You should go follow her lik right NOW!! :)
Listening to the Tigers radio broadcast while Twins are winning makes it twice as nice.
I am surprised that Yates is getting time to throw. Needs to start making better decisions.
you are a dork
Thanks so much for the addition!
I should probably leave work and get dinner at some point tonight.
Which Cars Fit Three Car Seats? - Chicago Tribune
What the heck!! ! you've been on twitter and cant follow me back?
I freakin love this team.
I can't wait for tomorrow!!!!! Why! Oh why! Does my class have to end!!!
who in the hell are you talking about
RT : You should let having a dream be more important to you than having it come true. Never give up.
#NPtech Tip: Want more retweets? Make sure your tweets are short enough fit RT and your username.
Great to catch up with you again!
The rebroadcast interview about black female songwriters was awesome on Friday and Sunday. THANK YOU!
CPC last break of the day- have 70,000. Should play 1 1/2 levels to end the day - about another hour
Unforeseen consequence of following lots of UK people: I called my Mom to wish her Happy Mother's Day & confused both of us.
Because no one wants a gf that looks like a fucking clown. No one wants to hold hands in public with a circus freak.
What's the story behind Boxing Day? And why does Tyson keep tweeting me on this day?
OK, time to stop wallowing about this and go grocery shopping.
oh my! It depends on what we're referring to, but I say strawberry, chocolate, coconut, lemon. Glad dragon fruit wasn't an option.
and thus muscle growth is somewhat stunted.
why should they even fight, shouldn't Mayweather fight Marquez? Everyone knows Pacman didn't win that fight.
you still awake defending these fourth quarter performances? Dang!
Hate the taste of liquor, but I love the feel of it *shrugs*
So Elena's a vampire now. Ok. My head just exploded.
wow save the best 2 for last.
So super tired and have a lot of work ahead of me. so tell me??? What are you guys up to?
That's beautiful! :) I like that statement.
Deryl Dedmon, white teen who drove over and killed James Anderson, a black man, sentenced to life. DOJ will reveal fate of accomplices 2day
Done - wasn't called to serve, but I have to call them tomorrow to see if I have to come back. That'll put a crimp in your day.
Is it Mother's Day on RHONJ?! That must be brutal.
I love how whenever I dogsit I can't do anything without my mom being like 'Are you going to let the dog out? You need to let the dog out!'
Going to help move more furniture into her new SOCO apt.
come on down!
I just bought this whole house something to eat
Crossfitters!! Our new education workshop will help you perfect Kettlebell and indoor rowing!. Taught by Div I rowing and Strength Coaches!
not this time
Escape to the beach Tuesday! Breakfast at BBQ Beach starting at 7am. Bloody Mary bar starts at 8AM!
one of the things that helps me cope with my bipolar is hearing stories like this. There is such a stigma for us 'little folk' :)
I think we are leaving
Best party at SXSW hands down!! Thanks for making it happen!! RT : Big up Austin, Texas, USA
:-) still look good tho! So I still need to get you on the Kush Hour
um trey? Hear of him?
1 Timothy 4:12 "Don't let anyone look down on u because ur young, but set an example...in speech, in life, in love, in faith and in purity."
#ImSingleBecauase every time I put my trust into someone I always get hurt
Training for longer than an hour? Be sure to have carbs in a form that is comfortable for you to consume to keep you fueled
Kymani "Biggs" Marley performs tonight in Barcelona Spain for Rototom Sunplash , then back on the set of the Shottas TV series.
Dear people on NFL Network... I have a secret for you... it's Matt Ryan who missed the list
No cat theme, but something else we love! What time is the judging? Don't know if I can be there by 1
Tuscany Alley Slay, its a beautiful thing.
IN Quotes: "Tell the truth faster; it's the most efficient way to move forward."
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
Peace in the valley is what it look like this am!!!!! Happy happy joy joy!
is not generally one to make those claims #butwhichclaims ?
Off work early!! Yaay!!
ATTENTION! Everyone should go follow He's cool peps!
long time no talk hows the story
our site has been down randomly all day. what's up with this ?
#YoureInTheFriendzoneIf you try to kiss her and she kicks you in the balls
That sounded completely inappropriate.
Veterans of the TV/Film Industry - Support our Military Veterans. Tweet your thanks for their service :)
wordcrack. U know u want it!
Really enjoying the thoughts on the VMAs from tonight haha
Why not? You know the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake?
I wont this week ;)
What your plan for Sunday?
Customer Appreciation day tomorrow at 7-Eleven! Starts at 10 am. Raffle prizes include: Bike, Monster Car,Juke Box & more!
You are a rock star! Makes me miss all of you!
congrats! We need more values-driven, people-centered organizations where extraordinary things happen every day
Well done! :-) Very funny!
RT : Want to see the #SBXLVI "Behind the Scenes"? Follow me starting Jan. 30th for #SBXLVI #marketing and
Love the but it seems like I don't fit into the group of professionals that band together. Flashback "high school".
I GOT THE INTERNSHIP!!!! #biggirlstatus <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0>
I was gonna say. I read both your LT blog and the Blog about Welker. great job
Wishing my hubby Ernie a happy birthday today!
It's funny how all of the so called "Rednecks" used to all act ghetto as hell ! Haha
In case you didn't get the former lawyer's allusion: "Treat 'em like a mushroom. Feed 'em a bunch of shit and keep them in the dark."
": Good morning :)<3" good morning<3
Was it love at first sight, cause I walked by last week fa la la la
OKC got it i already know
that assumes Lawrie would always recognize the robo call is correct. He'd just beat up the camera. Still,
you wear clothes geared towards men. You are still a woman.
Go Chris
anyone who plays pickup #basketball I have a great thing coming for you! plz contact me!
HI KHLOE been tweeting you for MONTHS! Wish I could be there; y'all gonna make a lotta sick babies VERY happy. Bless you!
ordered chinese food. HOLLLA
I missed part of this conversation
DM are you advocating or developing.
RT if u are in love of
that kind of thing doesn't happen in the hood!
pls follow me
I continue to live the hobo life. It's a special treat to run into other nomads on the road. Yesterday: saw J. Newland at the Hammer Museum.
Excited for the launch tomorrow
When my alarm doesn't go off and neither does my sisters?
of course it isn't, to you.
“You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.” - C.S. Lewis
MD: I'm still ambidextrous, just not so good at it.
Alright, let's see how many of us know this one. Fact or fiction: Reading in the dark will weaken your eyesight? Give it your best guess.
Just bought Universe in Miniature in Miniature by books. Looks just my style. Maybe some thesis inspiration
that's how i found you.
Lining your lips is fine. Great even. But Never with black. NEVER!
The essence of all things is invisible to the eyes but not the heart
Thanks for the shoutout
Another day of learning for CPI program attendees -though I may be learning the most from discussions with instructors.
Heading into Lafayette. Looking forward to another best weekend.
Hot out
Thanks man!
great idea!
average engagement rate on Facebook is 2%
Gallo is too passive. He needs to attack like a fighting Cock.
Reason I run Win7 is to do network analysis... final network presentations done on Mac side w/Illustrator & Keynote
I have a personal facebook, but I think myspace works better for business purposes. Whats your preference?
massive thanks to all the new followers :) plz follow
Hey I Just Met Youu & This Is Crazy , But There's The Follow Botton , So FOLLOW ME , MAYBE ?
He sounds like quite the lactivist, ! Hope you are doing great. Lets catchup sometime soon- would love that!
MY MAMA IS THE BIGGEST MAHOMIE AND IT'S HER BIRTHDAY TODAY!!!
In case people want to change, they will. If they do not want to, it's difficult to make them do so.
Sad story. Two children die in boating accident on Clear Lake, in Beltrami Co. Details on WCCO Radio news at 5pm
interesting guess. You know is going to be at the on April 14th. You think I may be that kid huh?
500 new books so far! will donate 1 new book to kids in need for each new follower gets this week! (RT!)
Joel Anthony is so offensively challenged !
^tl also the video footage of the shop is a good selling peace for the shop, anyway i can get some of that edited for an ad?
you still following me? :)
Shoutout to I Am The Maven and Dena Lundy. Thank you for being the BEST!
don't I know it. Big plate of nachos. Snore
Thanks to everyone who came out tonight to support us and President Pasquerella!
I'll be there!
Joby is just jealous Dave is hugging a tree and not him lol :D
- If I tweet myself too much I'll go blind!
Thanks for the follow , , & !
#ihate when people be all up in ya damn tweets Ctfu .. Get more followers don't read mine ^___^ #booyaaaaa lol
What athlete prays frequently, but only at weird, unexpected times? Tim Tivo . . .
Woot! Woot! Star Wars pancake molds from William Sonoma on Clearance! Guess what we are having for breakfast!
Today while I was conducting auditions this rock band did their rendition of " dat babyt don't look like me."
Gonna watch some PSYCH
Who didd you share with? RT : Man i just had the #BestCoffeeEver thank you!!
#alliclass will do twitter minutes (by me). Just getting set up. Discussing Practically Radical by William C. Taylor
Why did you guys have to remind me it's Fringe night? I've got work to do here!
Butternut squash ravs from with a little evoo and argula is officially my new cold weather favorite!
#WhenAustin sold out a concert in 10 SECONDS. RT if you're proud of him! <3
Ewww, boo, I hate fighting colds. Are you staying home from work today?
I might...MIGHT finally reach the mature conclusion that my 30 minutes really means 45.
JABBERS don't miss tomorrow's Newsletter it is packed full of great info
agreed, it was a stupid move--but it's unfortunately not surprising that kids are used as weapons in dispute between spouses
thanks to everyone for making this past weekend so good! check us out next wknd, jazzfest ain't over yet!!!
nice! I was going to ask if you read HN :) +1 to you good sir!!
Got to my 8am early? It's gunna be a good day
why yo call the only one can't get thru Storie huh?..lol
Key West I've missed you!
any tips for writing an artist's resume?
If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure. -Dan Quayle
whats ur thoughts on the possible landing of Jamal Crawford in Portland
Good morning tweeps!
What are your thoughts on Pinterest? Have you integrated it in your SM work yet?
Seriously. Gonna need to spend all nite catching up. RT : Hate that I'm missing all this #SWATH promo while at work!
#cody what's one of the coolest places you've been on tour so far? (: (:
No, just thought it was a cool picture.
There has never been a status about Michigan beating on Facebook because there was no Facebook 2,921 days ago.
when someone judges a girl for drinking when they've done it plenty of times #hypocryt #gosomewhere I think you know what I mean!
if Apple would just sign you,,they would deff be the 1st #TRILLION $$$ company..U R that captivating & TITilating
Dude!! That guy looks like lol
but if you do, do it after the 5.X.X jailbreak :p
“ “: Im late, but what u need? Ima text Rif ... But ima grab a hoody and a shirt tho”<----I need a hoody to
Congrats to Ben, our intern extraordinare!
LOL. How do you know? Maybe it is included in the book!
Tell that to the steak au poivre I made courtesy of Good Eats.
Had a great time at the skating rink, (:
Death is afraid of him.
whoo buddy that brought back memories haha
David Bowie UB40
If I dont fck wit u...then I dnt fck wit u
Gold bullions in smallest units can make you free from cares, independent and free.
Today is strange already.
@ Me On Twitter So I Know It's Real !!
It's a fact, 7 out of 10 tweets that mention me are actually looking for
already there...then looking for a rally to about 1.3629
I'm planning a trip to Paris this summer. my plan includes a lot of walking and wandering. what else should I get myself in to?
- Hey! small world. You should tell her to stop by on the 18th. I'd love to meet her. I do like all things Terrell.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen your teacher randomly calls on you and all you have is copied work you don't know how to do.
going to 's tommrrow
I just want to sleep. Today sucked. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
Shout out to the mayfair mall. I just got carded
Excellent feature documentary on the making of James Cameron's ALIENS. A must see for any filmmaker. Watch it on Youtube...
Sounds like a plan...
Among my most prized possessions are words that I have never spoken. Orson Scott Card. Activate do not respond electronically more often.MDM
Smells bomb . Ehw , she needs a shower or some . Yuck . Im not going too school .
Your way too beautiful girl
homemade pizza :p
mothers day gift: coasters or serving tray made out of wine corks? WHICH ONE!
I'm goin in
So thrilled my neighbors are apparently LARPing as Cheech and Chong. The apt smells of weed and sounds of angry over-heated baby.
Just had the same thing happen this morning. Yes, I think it's doing a uniqueness check, but you have to guess about it
that last RT was just a fail
Thank you for following me! Look forward to learning & sharing!
Please everyone please follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it ==> FOLLOWW @ LEiLA_SWAG_ (( SOUTHOUT )) PLEASE GO EVERYONE =
Green way to stay cool: Join a community pool for the summer! Community pools are much more #green!
Join us for our Fall Performance (also known as Jazz Night) 6pm at St. Philips Church (next door to the Eldon Ward YMCA)-See you there!
RT : Evening all. What's shaking?>>>You are shaking in your boots as the AB is still up and on watch. ;0
Thanks for following... I look forward to your tweets!
Still can't believe I absolutely NEED a customs stamp in order to get my tax-free refund. SO ANNOYING. Return my money, please.
RT At celebrity poker Don Lafontaine charity me and my girl lost my youngest cleaned up jack!
We will be at #Bama for their spring game. Checkout Bamawear for more details
#zager it's addictive #zager now just don't walk around and smirk
I want breakfast from the Golden Arches. Who widdit?
Youu know, i would DIE iff one direction followed me.
wish I was in #takeittothehead video :(
ASDFGHJKL ITS DICK! ;D
Your right, age has nothing to do with maturity. On the other hand your words and actions do and I have not seen much of either.
check now it says i am
“Be impeccable with your word.”
EBONY! O:<
Cabs speed mad fast.
TRAK prides itself in taking a consultative and specialized approach to placement. We promise to find your organization the right match!
We advance on our journey only when we face our goal,only when we are confident & believe we are going to win out.
She asked do you like orange juice and I replied, no, I like YOUR juice ;)
so tired after an insomnia night but its just too nice to stay in bed!
really!!! :D awww! That's so sweet! I'm working on new music, so don't forget about me k?
and tell your friends that I love them!! You guys are the sweetest people ever
my apologies to and tonite for vein more moody than a sixth grade girl who can't text anymore
so disappointed - gave my niece Harry Potter Clue for her b'day and the game board and some of the cards are missing.
are you seriously asking this question..... loll
hey i am a huge fan of you and i love the hunger games, it would mean the world to me if you followed me, no lie. =)
No kidding! That's where I moved from! Scottsdale. When are you headed out there?
Choke on a dick bitch....oh wait your used to it ha
Watched a clockwork orange last night, that movie forever changed my life.
I really want some chef boyardee ravioli$
works in progress that = a 15+ month hiatus? Got to be a better starting point. #justsayin See your point about the jobs though.
lol no mo
"SORRY JESUS" is trending and it breaks my heart to see what people are saying. If they only knew how much He loves them...
I was right (still humble) that Newt should attack Romney and not Santorum. Most pundits said it was the wrong move.
Disciplining Weber would probably have no effect on whether Torres makes that hit. Guy always plays like an asshat.
I know rite so early!
I swear the night I Christian Dior Denim Flow dropped. I didn't sleep. I just listened to it 30 times in the dark.
Preparing the Team for an epic journey to Marfa Film Festival
4th be with you - still laughing at that lol
me too. Just worked 13 hours and I might pass out any
Coffee and T.Swift, the ultimate morning combo on early days to the park
Freemium iPhone games are still out there
tweetie is also good...but is so new to twitter i thought it would be a good place for her to start :~)
Oh both my boys are allergic to milk too!~ J is 15/30 to dairy!
Last day of school awww am I going to miss it ?? Hell nah bhahah #class of 2012
Did anyone pull off an April Fools Joke?
Made two bad mistakes this weekend. I love red wines, but bought a Zinfandel in error. The second blunder was drinking it & not dumping it.
Fly on over for happy hour! $3 select local drafts, $3 rail drinks, $3 house wines.
That awkward moment when you're shopping by yourself and try on a shirt that you can't take off by yourself!
you are the best friend EVER!! I know you never make airport runs even in LA, so this is like a marriage proposal! I accept!
#catcode Oh, all right. I'll play too.
Babe wanted me to tweet so , here you go . (;
ur insane request
daughters of the confederacy of dunces for 100 please
heck yes that's us!
Social Media Tip of the Day: Give weekly insider tips. Ask your chef for fun cooking tips and share them with your fans!
You're in the back of my mind.
If you aren't going to attempt to talk to me why should I attempt?
Kimberly's about to start trading punches with Churchville LAX parents. Defend your
Q4: How do we reduce health disparities?
Going to bed everyone Goodnight
who wants me to tweet about them for my 4,000th tweet?? anyone? anyone..
You know what. Im fine with NCAA rooting out the dirty High School programs.
yes he did a fantastic job.
Not going to #PrayForLewisMighty but wish the young man the courage and fortitude I would wish for myself.
I have big dreams, dreams that are even bigger than me.
Vikings say they are encouraged...and that any deal that doesn't include Arden Hills is a no go.
Somebody hit roger in the knee and it hurt. Shake it off and get em back!!
The closet thing to the Scarlet Letter today is showing someone your masters degree in theater at your job at the dairy farm.
OK, I used to wear coolwater, (my mom still buys it for me at christmas) do you remember New West cologne?
Michael Everson "After only 8 minutes of actual exercies @ Q G I cut over 14 minutes off my Pikes Peak run to the top. www.quickgymcs.com
My office must be close to 80 degrees today
RT : I know i better get to see this summer! <3 y'all plan it & I'll be there!! imyall
OSU Hall of Famer Steve Preece on NFL concussion lawsuits and more at 7:05 on #nfl..also his assessment of Beavs
nice pic mama!
Nope not yet! :)
Leaning Wit My Yagga
it's raining its pouring . i want to be in sweat pants
doesn't your iPhone have a compass? How can you get lost??? (via ) oh yeah! There's an app for that! Saved!
Im out of here....twitter is getting ful of wannbs
#MahoneFact Austin's dad died when he was just 16 months old. RT if your sad for Austin not growing up with his dad in his life
starting my 3rd. Web of desire.
Ugh sleepy
British Garden @ Hanover Square Garden @ Premium Laces the attacks. these people were pissed at 12 AM I'm.
Are we close to the first award yet?
You can't put a price on a life, unless you sell life insurance. In that case you can put a price on an entire family at a bargain rate.
getting sick at relay for life <<<<
and I each had top 5 sickest goals of our careers last night
South Carolina with no Perry and a weak Bachmann could translate to a Santorum surprise.
People at Lowes nursery shopping for flowers...like bees on honey.
I'm tired of being treated differently because your friends make fun of me or other people do and u think its okay and it doesn't hurt me
F U
RT : I'm no business exec, but it wouldn't take SEVEN days for me to decide to to give people their money back that didnt get in
hover over the row/column and right-click (ctrl-click on a Mac).
If heaven and hell decide, that they are both satisfied, I'll follow you into the dark/:
idk you be knowing what's goin on
SOMEBODY GET A CUP OF COFFEE! This guy is putting me to sleep
so u wont be there to wave the flag today? That sucks. Had it recording while im in class at nursing school #dedication right here
I wanna get 8up tonight. Minus the alcohol poisoning n car engines lol
"Like it or not, the moment has arrived. The only thing left for you to do is show up."
"There is two kinds of music the good and bad. I play the good kind." ~Louis Armstrong
AGT going on!!
Early workout followed by early cum load down my throat at the bookstore.
Next time, for sure!
Details is looking for locals who've NEVER had their eyebrows shaped. Know someone who wld like an EyebrowMakeover call 4 Brooke 6192226777
RT : 1 year ago there was no #sschat - #sschat is what convinced me of Twitter as a place 4 learning Thank you to #sschat team!
Had to do what was right, I had to do what I had to do no matter how much I don't like it... I'm sorry, I'll always love you..
That sandwich gave me a stomach ache. oh man. haha
good morning !.
Ruby Tuesday salmon yumm
Most talented, yes. But I'll take Mizzou's 5 seniors RT That being said, I still think UK & 'Cuse (at full strength) are 1, 1A.
Bout to go pick up 10,000 insert
If you're a hipster, admit it. Better yet, just tell me you went to #sxsw. Or best yet, knock it off.
Great morning for a run on the Garfield track!
Ah, financial planning: RT if we rob a bank together later, can you say it was just research? RT
that disrespectful remix lmao
asdfghjkl; how?;o
Can you imagine a company today introducing a new candy saying, "You know what would be a good name? Milk Duds."
Warner Music posted a narrower-than-expected quarterly loss today as growth of digital sales helped compensate for declining CD revenue.
God your not only misinformed your just plain stupid.
I been great man still grinding u kno.. How is the acting going
Be prepared for the future and learn about #eldercare today
of corse not but tweeter is weak
I have a great free promotion site link on my profile if you need it. Do you follow for follow? i am intersted :)
thank you, yours was fantastic and professional and full of awesome.
Have you looked into lifting shoes?
I made it in 3.5 hrs despite the fury of the elements! Thanks for your concern & let's keep in touch
She truly is! I couldnt have said it any better! I love her so much <333
Stay tuned for info on how to win tickets to see a red carpet screening of Smitty!
So close to 100 followers!
Morehead St. up 57-52 vs. Louisville with 4 minutes left. Potential upset?
I finally have cable and internet!!!
Having kids cuts into my sleep time significantly. I was just catching up on the #iroadtrip !!. cc:
I hate eating with girls. I can't eat like the pig that I am. I have to eat all neat and take small bites and constantly wipe my face. <U+2639>
I remember those days. Just slap a headband on, throw some stupid big earrings on, and good to go.
hey, - Michelle just reminded me that we met you before we moved here. While we were in Madison. dude...
aw, thanks guys!
Why is it that I have always been there for you, but you cant be there for me.
#YoloIsNotTheAnswer to be spreading diseases........ Wrap It Up!!!!!!!!!!!!
#ScaryMovieRulesToLiveBy Don't be black
This weekend! I miss you so much cutie!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Lmao! Really, ?? lmao is speaking the truth.
selling BBQ sauce to a woman in white gloves is very easy for you.
I can only do Twitter for a few minutes at a time & then I have to leave before the addiction kicks in. Bye.
Cards win and gunshots go off through parking lot of complex. Rolling Hills you cease to amaze me.
I'm seriously so tired of the assholes on my bus.
“: If you have a loving family and good health, you have everything. #serioustweet” this made my heart stop. #truth <U+263A>
Nice win Rory!
but we all don't get what we want, huh ? but ya know what, at least i have em in my life, & honestly, that's what matters to me the most :)
How long does it take to get hot water from the sink if your are from #Alaska?? does anybody know??? it takes 10min here
So enjoy the show for me too <3 :) I'm so sad all the times I went you were not there.. it's not fair !
Billy White will be the key.
She's doing great!
on to finals
That moment when I realize I'm wrong in the middle of an augument.
Is it hurricane-ing there? are you okay?
Just got back from the midnight premiere of The Avengers. It's UH-MAY-ZING. Now I shall sleep and dream of *spoilers*...
thnx for the follow, always interested in talking to other audio creatives.
Watched the movie Dream House last night. Might be one of the most depressing movies I've ever seen.... depressing and weird.
Yea I know what to do, turn your fucking cell phone off and leave it in your pocket.
Roger. Sterling.
day beautiful in lucid greyness...
Happy Friday!
#ItsHardTo aim for success if you don't have GOALS of why you need to become successful to achieve your dreams
they are hard to tell apart. But zombies wear real lenses in their glasses.
excellent. Needed more coffee
Photobomber Trolls Tourists at Leaning Tower of Pisa [VIDEO]
Your #tbt proved you was ugly back in the day .. Ha fall off with this internet celebrity shit doe
Iran has condemned to death Christian pastor simply for converting from Islam. Save Iran's Pastor!
Is it one for a game this year or a past one?
I measure my life by how happy people are to actually SEE me. So far, so good :D Of course, some still RUN
hey,follow me back please..
“A blanket that has arms to hold you when you are sad, now that's what I call a comforter.°” Jarod Kintz
I just don't watch TV except for Big Bang Theory, True Blood, and Doctor Who. So I don't have a deluxe cable package.
Check out www.watchnhllive.com for all the games live online enjoy!!!!
Tell those people to calm the hell down!
Will be at the match with a few folks. Hoping for big things from my first trip to Toyota Park!
thanks for the shout, Steve.
Awesome! Agree. Fun to follow careers of these great guys.
where the heck is your mama
Morning. Checkout my videos.
No bank executive cleans up the glass & debris, but paycheck-to-paycheck employees get hosed.
It's a quote, it's not from me.
marinate and grill, no smoke.
Gotta agree with folks who are panning #Syracuse for these #1 shirts. Act like you've been there before.
My revenue page is still not right. Are they still working on the system or do I need to turn in a ticket?
Thanks for a lovely lunch, and
Hi Everyone :)
Thanks for following Peter. I hope all is going well with you. 1990? What a gift!
thanks for checking in. I think I got where I needed to go. It frustrated me more than helped me.
a few times. We just turned on the heat so it's much better now.
i miss middle school when my essays were crappy as heck and I still got A's on them :( now i actually have to try.
- no one ruins your relationship. your gf cheats & lies to you . thats YOUR fault . shutup already
Stay warm my friend!!!
how do i change my timezone on my account?
Sitting down to screen a doc about "chemtrails"
The Enterprise Engagement Expo launches at the New York Incentive show to great fanfare then closes down their happy hour ONE HOUR EARLY?
I can't help you with the test...but I can help light candles afterward? Just let me know!
YouTube Hits 130 Million Unique Monthly Visits
Say Wat U Mean N Mean Wat U Say
Three pots of ihop coffee, half a cigarette and stress do not make for a happy stomach.
ha! private school auction tonite.. just got things cleaned up and now i'm winding down.
Don't walk...run to download Planetary for the iPad. It's a very cool way to organize your tunes.
tonight: Throwing Candy When The Pack Receive Their Super Bowl Rings!
Thanks! We had MASHED POTATOES (we saved you some) and honey mustard pork chops with tons of veggies....m! Good!
check my tumblr. i added alot more photos
my brother is so nerdy . i still love him though , (:
NP! Unfortunately I was on the move. I do hope you enjoyed it!
with scarves of red tied round their throats to keep their little heads from falling in the snow and i turned round and there you go
rofl yes an win in reg season struggles is postseason
I am member of the "Late Bloomer Generation" and proud of it.
Thanks! We're knocking 'em out as fast as we can.
I tweet therefore I am.
the #greatestgadgets ever invented! the vibrator, it does one thing that men can't do, keep a woman happy they should rename it Clitar Hero!
Sorry about your loss...I'll pray for you and your family <3 you
Friends of PIR is excited to be on Twitter.
Not 8 on 5, that's the Hawks game, shoot jumpers entire game. Need to force the issue and MAKE refs call fouls
LMFAO RT : You think that just cuz ur down to fuck me, I'm down to hit that?
What is going on
thanks for mentioning us, looking forward to next year!
keep it up I see you!
& did a GEEAT JOB of getting the crowd ready for !!
you are so right!
Boy am i pissed wfter last night...
The one person daht i can count on to talk to
JENGA AND JUICE IN TWO HOURS AT MOE BAR!
Reps should punt 2012 presidential elections. A win will do more damage to the conservative cause. Bench incl. Christie, Rubio, Ryan, Jindal
is right. we do miss your writing. Can we get an encore post Asap:)
ah, the misspelling of the Ashton methinks “: You mean made a movie??? I knew she was funny, but...”
we love national geographic!
Gearing up for the Polar Bear Plunge
ha it does!(; #justkidding:P
just go follow already!!!
At noon going to library liaison forum: panel of PhD students describe their library wants & needs. Will let you know what I learn...
Can I have one??
follow me thats my name on tumblr
LAPTOP TIP: Optimize your battery life when not plugged in by lowering your screen brightness & only running 1 program at a time. ^jl
I am fall-asleep-in-my-clothes-tired. Oy.
we are an online startup that is selling ties :) thesilktie.com
MT : It's always about the people - and embracing innovation with no fear of failure.
Thank you for recommending our site. Much appreciated
Was trimming my stache and I got a white hair in my eye. 1st time thats ever happened. U know how hard it is 2 see a white hair in an eye
getting chased by aggressive dogs is one of my most traumatic memories of Brooklyn childhood
starting pitching wise theyre good, can't say otherwise
TunnelFact #16: 90 Feet of Tunnel = the Seattle P-I (at it's $90M asking price). www.tunnelfacts.com
The art of fashion is everywhere just walk outside and explore
This is my temporary icon until I find a better one:p
If we did daylight savings on dec 31, we could have twice the amount of NYE parties.
hey do you want to go out?;P Jk haha
And of course we feature many listings that aren't on either of those sites.
What a blessing NY!
I need a job
though, speaking of ron paul, every time i go out on break, which has been frequent today, there is a car with a full back
lol so thats what u were doing in math class
Bottle of Sangria from Spain that's wearing a mini sombrero.
Great finale!..Belated congrats on new arrival.
6 Cali shows and not one in either Seattle or Vancouver? K thanks
That wind "whipping out towards right" is the shit I get to walk home in tonight. Gusts nearing 40mph.
I remembered today how much harder I work at something when someone tells me I can't do it than what someone tells me I can.
Perhaps you'd like to purchase the less popular NOBODY POOPS BUT YOU.
anytime young Jedi. You're welcome to join my Tuesday night beginner series for hands on help. 7pm
lol riding a bus to down town
thaaaaankkkk you :D will do haha
Pride of Cincinnati's first Tweet. We're so excited for the season to begin! See you soon!
It's not something I do all the time, but when I dont really have anything else, it can add a little flavor.
Pro-Love Rally today at 10:00 am at the Georgia State Capital. Come see what LOVE looks like.
I need to finish #TheIronKing tonight!
"Everybody's just a stranger but that's the danger in going my own way" - Wish I had a friend right now.
Great day in the
ALL New homeowners at The Beacon who follow us receive 10% off first session at www.superimpactfitness.com
Hi Brian, are you guys doing any hiring for developers over there at Ticketleap?
I'm heading to Portland with a bunch of coworkers or an annual coffee trade show
Pulled a muscle in 'Asphalt Abs' class last night. Spending the day on the couch watching GREEK on Netflix + drinking beer. I'm so fratty.
Only 4 more days until The Black Keys play at the Rose Garden! I can't wait!!!
RT : As a founder you dream of days where your phone rings from new customers...99% of time it takes years of outbound
yes yes it is that would be your 97 Camry.....
We want to hear your favorite stories from the Wild Canyon Games, please share them here on our WCG facebook page!!
You know your social media firm's services are dated when the 1st source of new content on your RFP is MySpace & is met w/10min of laughter
not at all. I loved it. dragged a bit in the middle but I thought it was really enjoyable to read
Make sure you follow us, so that you can get update via DMs. Its not advised to share such details in public.
Just when I gave J. Smith a compliment he shoots the long jump shot instead of driving.
:3 love you maya
Jude, I think you may need to change your password...got a bogus message from ya.
Thanks for all the love on philanthroper.com we surpassed our target with $711.
I ain't tryna sound like a typical teenager, but why the fuck you gotta be this fuckin irritating?
"WARREN WOLF" on the Mack Ave label. W/ & Greg Hutchinson. Get your copy cause it's hot!
Sure. Send it.
yay Zoe!!!! Worst movie ever but great night :)
It just hit me that today is officialy my last day of high school. I don't know it I should cry or jump for joy. :/
We were visited by last week! Thanks to all of our friends!
Another fun fact fr earlier: 90% of Americans would rather lose their wallet than their smartphones.
One touch begets another, and one good kiss guarantees it
Busy week but lots of accomplishment!
I'm going to start only voting for the candidate with the hottest wife. Still Obama.
It sounds like Bob is delivering a charge to
Be nice to someone for no reason. You never know when you’re going to need someone to be nice to you for no reason.
brb losing 20kg for when one direction come back.
I just need you to set me free. Just shine on me.
#LMSunSIG analytics: snhu just got new service from BB giving them access to full data- open data base
Yup, I love it when a plan comes together!
Chris Johnson. Bing.
THEY'RE SO CUTE
wish I'd done air cadets, it sounds really fun
Tricks are for kids
How does the popo tell a mute person they have the right to remain silent? They sure ain't got freedom of speech :o
Back from Key West and ready to jump on another plane as soon as humanly possible.
same here. *I mean* my allergies started to act up around that time...
I like it!
Most popular item at #SXSW are power outlets. had a guy walking around where you could plug into his shirt for juice, unique promo.
So what's the solution? My iPhone 4 worked great, however my 4S is very inconsistent.
I want to make a Facebook account and the name will be Nobody so when I see stupid crap people post, I can Like it
No way, #ENFP not capable of violence ;) RT How come the phrase "kitten with a whip" comes to mind...
Sending metta to the mothers of Niger!
A foolproof trick to make your computer go faster: throw it out the window. Lol
Thanks ! For more information about sales innovation resources, visit www.ciab.com/resources.
been writing all day and working on Tom Young's EP... really cool stuff, excited to get the rest of the vocals tracked and finish it
discusses platform obsolescence which threatens to erase digital culture in
We’re happy to hear you’re a fan! Which bar is your fave? RT: Sunbelt granola bars >>>>
Why do I get anxiety taking my car for an oil change. I feel like a mommy taking their baby for a doctors appt. ah
Getting ready for the chapter election #NFBI Chicago Chapter...
“ Girls: if he is dumb enough to walk away be smart enough to let him go and not chase em”
Goodnight ! I love you! :* sleep with Lil B & learn some cooking skills so you can show me. Sweet dreams fucker. :)
I love my softball girls. I'm gonna miss all of you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
When Liam reads your Kik and doesn't answer... Kay
thank you!! I love her so far.
And im headed to my great grandmas for Sunday Dinner!
Are all those courtside at #heat games required to look like Pitbull?
Renny is all dark side on the leash. let her off...best dog in the world.
hhhhhheeeeyyyyy im gonna try da tiny chat again ook girl
Just had tech rehearsal for a sketch show at #secondcity. Usually tech at a theatre lasts two days. I think I was there an hour. Nice!
I know right. When you find em, send them my way! hahahha
Monday!!! Excited and happy, scary ;)
I deliver freedom........ check my profile for details...
OH GAWWWD!!!! NOW IT'S #POOKIE! Lord have mercy!
Don't boo injured players, bad karma.
You're welcome grammar class
I JUST WANT TO LAY AROUND AND WATCH 90'S CARTOONS \(<U+30C4>)/¯
RT : The other signs aint got nothing on #Leo, thats for sure.
You Bitches Aint About That Life .
Double play! Heading to the bottom of the 10th!
Hi Kim you look so happy
So sad, bad sportsmanship
Go get your banana on!
Networking for love follows the same path as #networking from scratch: you begin by asking yourself what your passions are.
“: RT : Let's start a flashmob: When the space shuttle returns, everyone dress up in Ape outfits.”
There are 66 books in the Bible and today is Sunday January 15th with 66 days until Spring :D
Walk to Washington Square Park for lunch to find "occupy love" and a bunch of people singing love songs
See some of you tomorrow - I'll be tweeting live from !
Taught @ two PWIs during grad school. Ive seen many a white boy @ Fri morn disc section reeking of pot and in a hoodie.
Do you know...is Casablanca playing in PDX tomorrow? Thx. D.
Dont forget to follow the Bridging the Gap: Careers in Social Media Conference on Friday!
They are hard. You're lucky you're not taking it.
But H&M is way better than all those stores <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
today went by soo fast
#FF offseason NFL inside info and analysis
Wait so you're actually not allowed to hit people with your car?
nicely done! I've got 3K to catch up on myself--thanks for the motivation :)
Blame the early morning profanity on Dwyane Wade.
Nikki Russell has just dorkified me, Dork Diaries style!
Sales rocks.
Oh shit! Is #ManU getting robbed?
lmao "I will kick your ass all the way back to Australia"
#govwalker: after the recall, voters on both sides will realize recalls should only be for big issues, like misconduct in office
Baby moma drama
LOVE IT!!!
We've reached halftime here in Virginia with the Locos trailing 17-3
Send your questions about sales to and on the 1st Friday of the month I’ll post a video response to my favorite.
Have bought my Hunger Games ticket for Friday. The odds of this movie being amazing are definitely in my favor.
I think I'm just awesome like that :)
My first stab at homemade tzatziki sauce has ended in total failure :(
How the hell do you get out of the "BUILD" menu in Empires and Allies?!
Thanks for the retweet!
I left my phone charger in the studio on Monday. Luckily, it's still here!
Happy to say I made my Miami Herald debut today. Time to keep it moving.
“Photography takes an instant out of time, altering life by holding it still.” - Dorothea Lange
#scms12 anne Moore sees teaching the moving target as a "crisertunity"(sp?). She binges on serials (resist the pun!).
are you jamaican? cuz your jamaican me wanna have sex with you ;)
Does anyone else crack eggs the way they do because of Sabrina?
Had to nix a 1:30am dress-up party for two giggly girls. Coffee is good!
Haha! RT ": I ate gas station ribs in Shively for lunch today, and was okay with that because a large black woman cooked them"
sure thing Senuri! And thank you!
What prevents syndicators from creating their own, similar badge program? e.g.: MLSProvided®
To conquer others is to have power to conquer yourself is to know the way
Ronnie Mcpherson and he said you could have his number to interegate him because he knows it means a lot to me.
Also, I almost brought raw onions into the office. would've killed me.
Yup, at home for a sanity check. It was too early, so the BBQ wasn't out yet. But, that website found me a quiet zone. So a push.
Defense or lose..let's go mavs
I see that you have yours!
Begins to pick at manuscript, pours a drinkie-poo instead.
when its gloomy and rainy I love it....when its sunny and warm I love it!
lmfao forreal bruh what'd i do, i be state to state , where u from
hahaha that made me laugh ! Lol
Are you ready for Easter baking? We have sanding sugars and sprinkles in pretty pastels to get you in the spring spirit!
come visit us at work tonight !!
ha, boy lol
Pretty Good! How is yours?
Short Week ahead
I swear, I love MY Freshmen.
Email from acct you used at sign up. Use subject line BOOMER. We'll reply by noon tomorrow w/ tix.
For a nominal fee, a factoring company provides services to speed up processes to allow companies the funds to grow their business.
What did Joey Votto do?
Again it was it should be brotherhood, humanity, and chivalry
I love you please answer the direct message I sent you
be safe brotha
Good morning. Google Earthing China. Going there in April. Have an art show. Very excited
Bad Girl Club Reunion
thank you for the RT :)
Naww I'm still super sick, I'll totally be sleeping by then lol thank you though!
#UScaredMeWhen you had trash in your frig and said it was part of holloween celebration
Just found out is coming to Columbus tonight. Needless to say, I'm amped. Have a nice day!
Did anyone else just see Eli block for Bradshaw?
work ina few ;( ugh i love my job cause it pays the bills but i hate working on the weekends ughh
Everybody this a fake twitter so all yall who was talkin to rahrahnicole your gay cuz it was a boy talkin to yo ass biotches
hey where have u been? hiding off twitter....
Happy mother's day to the best mom i know!
RT : An exciting Linnea's Lights event happening tomorrow! Stay tuned tmrw morning and we will announce it!
RT : More time we spend opening our imaginations and experience the cleansing process of journaling, we hit gold.
'Broke bitches so crusty, disgust me, keep a hundred in the duff b, a couple wet wipes case a bum try to touch me Eww'
who doesn't know how to run bases? What a sad farewell to the Metrodome...
should be more worried about underachieving every year with Top 10 talent,instead of taking shots at former players.Pathetic.
Yes--it was previously at several different nearby locations and has two separate sections, "Central" and "Liquor"
thanks for the follow fam
*weekends* Normal Girls: IT'S PARTY TIME! Me: *Sits on computer and spends the whole day on Twitter tweeting Austin Mahone*
What bars would you like to see the Pedal Mill stop at? Looking to expand our list of bars that will give our riders specials
I love
Great opening remarks at !
Just gonna lay here!! <3
Feel-good weather in the Chi today, so feel good, let it wash over...
It didn't go so well.
: Thanks for the inspiration!
only can match my stripe game
GREAT news! I've signed a multi-year extension w ... thanks to all the loyal BFT listeners who make this show go
Right. In your dreams.
$2 subs for lunch are the best! Thanks for sharing, !
Well done on the bench press today my friend, but not surprising!
Sometimes we do everything right, and we still lose.
Love doesn't stop fast.
Well there is one right over by wal greens that might be why they took it out haha
Might be my favorite.
At safeway shopping and Pour Some Sugar on Me is playin'. Ah yeah.
It feels so good to have nothing planned for a saturday...
Newark Pride Alliance is co-sponsoring "Turn My Swag On" Black & Latino Masculinity & Educational Outcomes. DM for more info
Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic will play for the title at the Dubai Tennis Championships after both won semifinal matches Friday.
15 minutes & I completed my midterm, oh yeah!! :)
no way bring on the heat!!!!
421 Million #Facebook Shares are out for grabs today!
How will #Steelers screw up next drive? A)ill-timed fumble, b) bad Ben pick, c) reverse that loses 7 yards or d) crippling holding penalty
Getting ready to see "Big the Musical". One of freinds is the play.
Just for #fun, work "grandma's cobbler" into every conversation today.
RT : Some weird shit happening in the NBA Playoffs thus far and we're only 3 days in...
OTOH, Hitler had better hair than
I love when Twitter decides when I can and can't Post or RT something!
Should I go blonde?
Getting into that zone.Very EDGY...Thats a good thing,but I hate being around me when I'm like this.
Thank you:) RT ": followed.”
Love to! Giving a talk at on 11/1 that you may appreciate as well. Great to meet you and thanks for the offer.
~Forgiveness is a promise, not a feeling. When you forgive other people, you are making a promise not to use their past errors against them~
no... I still have like over 500 words left
Such is the inconsistency of real love, that it is always awake to suspicion, however unreasonable; ...
Man I should get my team bacc up n runnin
do you think it serves more relevance ?
Trying to figure out what to do for Christmas since we don't do Christmas. I hope Harold lets me sleep in. :Z
Our life is hid in Christ... Get all into him and find the life you were destined and purposed to live!!!
"If Britney Spears can get thru 2007....YOU can get thru today."
its the last dance u'll ever get the chance to do!
I'm really glad I decided to stay out and burn myself to a Lobster state yesterday. It's making today at work so freakin' enjoyable. SMH..
I seriously love and so much. They're the perfect couple.
The downside to reading before bedtime is that the book sticks with you and makes it hard to sleep.
hey gurl hay! Was the lady there that clotheslined when he fell?
I would describe the majority of my tees as "sassy."
Joe, can I be your stowaway?
Good Morning! :)
love it in portland, Or!!!!!
So...that double shot of expresso was not the best idea... #whohastheshakes #ido In related news, I am so very awake!!!!
I trust your reasons :) I am doing well - thanks for asking. Ready for summer!
hope you had fun today! Can't wait until we hang out again!
Finally made it to my buddy Issa's spot known as (been a yr) having a beer out of their tap...learning bout life & wine
Sleep all day sounds so good today.
Ok I Cant think of nun right now
no way! I tried it the other day & now I'm addicted
for earn lcick this link
I'm at Florence & Normandie - sitting, thinking. Anniversary of the start of the 1992 LA (Rodney King) Riots is in two weeks (cc )
One last full-length practice before the #MURFC 2011 Season debut! We'll have to see what kind of support the locals have for us today......
Can you please follow me #Beliebers always loving you
Its been a year since we first saw the boyz......it doesnt feel like a year. Lol
i'll make sure im there!
My love of ImprovEverywhere aside the No Pants Subway prank was way cooler before it became mainstream.
the mothers are true warriors do everything to raise their children
The Coachella stream on YouTube is amazing and the fact that I'd rather be watching from my couch proves I'm old.
“: Good morning and Happy Friday. My status for the day comes down to two words: #Articulate #Storyline :)” Me too!
dude so did I! It sounded like somebody was tapping on my window! It scared the crap outta me!
LOST fans get so pissed when you make them realize that the smoke monster is dumb
work work work working out
yes were berry excited and have 6th row floor seats! :) gonna be perfect!!!:)
'Quat's up? Just-made-fresh loquat smoothie with fruit handpicked from the backyard. Oh hellz yaysh!
thanks!! I think I was just looking in the wrong spot!! Haha :)
reppin DC all day everyday.
Someone on the #Celtics NEEDS to help
“: Houston Chronicle is reporting that Judge Dietz has set school fiance trial date for Oct. 22.”
no problem, that's my job as your best friend to make your bday special! I love you! btw my day is next as you know(;
Off to # topgolf for some family fun
I'm tired of being what you want me to be Feeling so faithless, lost under the surface I don't know what you're expecting of me
TRAFFIC: One Lane Closed - NB Park St @ Beld St - Closed TFN for an overnight police investigation
WTF spongebob you dont know what organic kelp is?! its 2012 man!!
#sportingkc really doing OK considering understandable fatigue. Gotta get one back.
well, thank you hot stuff!
What is your favorite Colorado Hike? Outward Bound's taking it to the trail this Satruday for a free Day Hike in Boulder...come on out!
I just noticed the avi change..nice pic. *smiles*
no, those are sweet
I like her she speaking some real stuff right now
Oh man! They are building an H&M in downtown silver spring where borders was! Wtf! Why didn't someone tell me!! Yeah I'm excited. Sorry.
we should! But we shouldn't...
I'll admit it...I watched a little bit more Phineas and Ferb than I would've liked to. But it was Platypus Day.
Yes! I'm so pumped!
Another baby in the movie theater!!! SMH
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Cloudy day in C-TOWN.... loves me some GA
batshit crazy is what she is.
Alshire suggests that "free enterprise" system better for job creation than incentives
The day will happen whether or not you get up. - John Ciardi
#letsbehonest How many people actually believe that Jesus is the one and only Son of God? I know I do! But do you?
I've never felt more cheated in a class than anatomy...got a 98, 92, and a 90 on 3 of the 4 exams but somehow got a B
Thanks for coming to the wine tasting! Get me your email so I can send you the link!
The biggest failures come round and spring ultimate surprises of survival. ~ Jack White
Transfer your pix from camera to tablet and pc using your Wireless SD Flash Drive
Somaphony will be featured in our first national print magazine veddy veddy soon. Will give more details when I get my copy! woot woot.
Waterloo native is foster care all-star, helping others - Waterloo Cedar Falls Courier
Lmao! I didnt take it serious. idk how I unfollowed u. it wasnt on purpose love. I Swear. lol.
her eyes were jus closed lol..
at least his station is no longer making reference to "Governor Mormon"
That's awesome!
hahaha lol ok he says thanks! and dw I was loling to... (sorry dad)
RT : RT : Aaron Cook will start for Red Sox Saturday
Dear new followers :) Please tweet us if you want us to follow you! <3
Let's delete "epic" from our vocabulary, please. It's overused and overrated.
love it!
Sadly(?), this actually made me laugh.
All around me is sliver and gold but my heart never heals. My heart only feels like stone
Get at me on instagram trae57 WELCOME TO MY WORLD<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
You're not fat..you're just easy to see (:
Lol, sadly yes. The venue has already been created.
thank you,sir. Nothing but good times all weekend
MY BACKYARD JUMPING GAT IT LOOKING LIKE A BBQ SLABS ON DA WHOP SAME SIZE AS A BARBIE SHOE UM CHUBSTACK STACK CHIPS CUZ DATS ALL WE DO
-- Well, I just hope this isn't true. If so, I'd be crushed.
I dreamt last night that I was best friends with Oprah.
Have you ever felt like you can really accomplish anything that you set your mind on?
Bitch you eat a dick. My hydro long time virgin
You know I'm upset if I'm watching The Office with commentary
Great panel on Making Connections led by w/ You are all brilliant!!
im different, im not lyk others, u see me as one but wen i see me...i see me into pieces...:/
I think soo
everything else looks awesome!
Classy people listen to country
This is how you take care of business
Ten minutes until the Timbers Van is here!
Congrats to our friend for being cast as The First Lady on the NBC comedy #1600 Pennsylvania.
reminding candidates about time rule
yeah on mondays game. he tried to steal home. If he hadnt SAC fly and we would have won. he really cost us the game.
I'm so bad & I don't give a damn I love it when you're mad. #BadKids #LadyGaga Be a bad kid with me?
Heyyoo, Will you marry me?
do you have any hidden talents?
I just wanna thank God, for all the pretty women he let into my life.
RT : Could you please refer to us as seattlepi.com in future tweets? The Post-Intelligencer no longer exists
you're welcome!! :)
Hmm...notes are there on iPhone. Having trouble w switching b/w phone and iPad and wifi/no wifi.
strange, not feeling it.
going to get to use that snow blower? :-)
just tweet the link with i dont check my messages.
Why do we trust our government with 8,500 nuclear weapons, but not to administer health care?
Is that your Twitter word count? :-)
May be chilly today into night but it'll be dry!
Cotto's son is adorable!
Kinda funny, isn't it? As I said, he was around to give out prizes to my son in youth hockey. I wanted to puke.
There's smthing beautiful & scary about honesty...it's real & no place to hide
Make your vote for the Indy Reads Glove everyday! Text Reads to 86132 right now! AND Come join our Volunteer Orientation July 7 from 6-8 pm!
RT : Anyone who says sunshine brings happiness has never danced in the rain!! Happy Monday New Mexico Make it a great one.
You're welcome! Glad you enjoyed yourself!
I just emailed you that joint we did from tha mixtape.
damn 10 subs at 11:59? I can only dream
Did your last post stick you with the job of evaluating every postdoc announcement? I thought being Gender Lady was enough work.
sadly, i am not *yet* part of the 1%.
good job lil cuz! I just seen all the post about you going to utah st. Please beat byu so I can rub it a friends face.
I think you have been hacked.
Brewers or Astros hat tonight?
GoodMorning(: I need a new emailing buddy!! Whos in?!(:
Why are some women rude for absolutely no reason x.o I just don't get it. Take a chill pill.
SNAPBACK FRIDAY @ CLUB ELEGANCE WEAR A SNAPBACK/FITTEDS & RECEIVE FREE ENTRY!!!! HOSTED BY & KITCHEN OPEN 21 +
Real men & women have class & are well-mannered BUT in the private w/their partner are the biggest & nastiest freaks you could ever imagine!
I'm still looking for a timeframe, Eddie...You're talking a lot, but I'm not seeing any off the air dates or monetary amounts.
I FINALLY saw a picture of Fat Kevin Federline. I thought you were exaggerating, but holy cow I get your fascination.
Looks like rain again. I want a weekend without looking at rainclouds just once. Can anyone do that for me.
also, i'd really like some guacamole.
Buying a new home ? Call Mr.D's to add lights, crown moulding and put some color on your walls. www.mrdspainting.com
have u heard James fortune new cd??
Preparing for my interview with on self esteem.
I'm a happy girl tonight!
Boarding flight from Hawaii to Chicago!
Florida, where the only thing that walks is a killer.
with only 135 minutes to store close, and then back in 9 plus hours.
Was nice yesterday hanging out at the beach along with our express shuttle to Mall
hm how long the takeover supossed to last?
? ...from the looks of things it's
not funny. ok, maybe a little. RT: What a finish by Dempsey. Good heavens, has he ever scored an easy goal? Oh yeah. Nevermind.
MUSIC=LOVE <3 RT : That moment when you realize that all your friends have girlfriends but you... Then you feel forever alone.
Everyone should follow , because she and I share a mind.
FWIW, I read somewhere eating a few marshmallows soothes sore throat. No, I've not tried it.
I'm never leaving Austin.
that never gets old :) so you coming to #milwaukee to see your boys stach and the rest of the #Brewers for opening day?
Been struglin lately , But one day it will be worth it
If building will, you have to give your audience a benefit that outweighs the reasons not to act
I agree if anything that was offensive interference!
“: hey, how's the hair doing?” I'm rockin it. ;) I think I may trim it this weekend. We'll see.
WHEN? TONIGHT?
Six packs start in the kitchen
So I just finished packing which is awesome :D! But...now I'm starting homework...which is not awesome... :(
Poetry, politics, of Frost - Berkshire Eagle
We need jobs now
I've been alone for too long.
I hear ya! Rewatched season 2 and want more now:-(
Going to Barcelona - Chivas match tonight in Miami!!!
no they had little to do with it #isedchat We control communication except for some PA stuff which still goes through us
It's all about JB tonight, apparently.
Thanks for using ShowClix! Have a wonderful time at the show and Happy New Year!
They renewed the show for an 8th season >_>
I think the SmartSync app is probably one of the more useful ones I have. It would be more useful if it connected to LinkedIn.
Here, I see it more from faculty, when they put "no Wikipedia" warnings in assignments
Need a veggie pizza for dinner tonight? We can hook you up.
Getting Ready for the CASCA show next week!!!
Have a great time man.
Outside Gold's Gym-Glorietta, waiting for my brother who has decided to look like The Situation. :O.
Not-Pajama Party Kisses!
Love is when you find someone better, yet you stay with the same person you promised to spend forever with.
YOU STiLL AT HERSHE'?...
Happy Valentines Day to all! You don't have to be in a relationship to be rich in love <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
what a coaching job for the mariners, god I love this team
frkn MAtt hacked me!
there's still one more episode!
Best way to deal with a hangover is to sleep through it.
Stay tuned at noon for our interview with writer , Tweet us your questions and comments for him
Yes took pic after Sunday service. Thats cool that you noticed. Thanks for the compliment.
Garrison! Is there somewhere I can buy "I'll Be Waiting"? I NEED it in my ipod! It's FANTASTIC! :)
LOL! I've never seen so many adults get this excited over the opening of a film.
Hanging out with radio
RT u fucked up too I'm bout to be Slumped lol - N u know this man!
Had fun at the Hells Belles Car Club Pinewood Derby in SF... Now off to Benders for Thee Merry Widows + Los Shimmy Shakers!
#wheniwas13 I really wanted a cake with my face on it.
That is fabulous! Very excited for you guys adoption is amazing! Praying for all that's to come.
Queen Anne
The world is all gates, all opportunities. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Yup! I saw it in the CNBC documentary about Costco. #goodstuff You should check it out!
Giving up Nugget Pretzels for lent! This will be the ultimate test of will power since they are a huge part of my existence
Before you troll, may want to invest in a good proxy or VPN service.
thanks Sunshine!! We are long over due fir a meet up! I still have your piece. ;-)
I love you too baby :* can I DM you or you want to use vonage, or no talk to me? Lol
Didn't I didn't I didn't I see you crying?
Pretty cool stuff at #FMC. Wish I could actually be there instead of listening to the webcast. Next year?
We have to study for us love..
bro... dude whats up man?
lmfaoo so do i!
Best believe that I will tell ya to ur face if everyone was like you the world would be a better place
Wow that's new Chris Anderson is in jail for drug use? Hahah jk
My reality is some people imagination<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0087>
#FF to our #Philly Chevy Ambassadors!
Encourage #local #bands #musicians #performers #singers #venues & #restaurants to build #portfolios on Shastic.com. Get there while #free!
RT my momma talkin bout she want an ipad for christmas............umm......it's gon be a cold cold christmas.
Wake up. Get out of your mind. Be present."~Eckhart Tolle
Loved your Chaka Kahn Post!!! I feel for you!!! lol
love you too. Have fun tonight at midnight.
The 10-year closed down almost 1 ½ points from Friday’s close, pushing its yield back up to 2.96%.
hey pretty girl awww i've been ok there are some crazy things here & there but i'm strong lol ;) YES come back soon!!! <3
Guite to eBook Menopause, Your Doctor and You
Winning has always meant much to me, but winning friends has meant the most. -Babe Didrikson Zaharias
My bestfriends mom supports the gay community so much, that she brought up the current issue in all of her classes. I love her so much<3
Lady in the blue skirt, hey!!!
Sinuses completely stuffed. Plane completely grounded. Scene at Kennedy: snow snow snow.
The Tatoo is Awesome. I can't wait to see it at Gally,
Hope for humanity!
Wandered into a normal people bar. Remembering why I'm punk.
Design-wise, has the political campaign yard sign evolved at all during the past 50 years?
I always think the Progressive & Service Master apps look pointless on their commercials. last thing Im thinking of in emergency
Imagine if people from 200+ countries watched a game played between two teams from Cincinnati? Same size as Manchester.
DM'ing Mikey were we're getting married..I think I'm creeping him out lmao
"Money is usually attracted, not pursued"
...the game that we love, that generates big bucks. I said a year ago that it was either going to go the way of rollerball or drop
I'm multi-talented. Aha
Minor panic attacks all day
maybe? you mean yes.
yes they do!
oh yess you already know lol
I just can't do it
phenomenal work. You've had some great shows come your way. I'm jealous but happy for you.
Im over this math hw! i been on the same question an hour...smh
Well would you look at that.
#ThingsThatConfuseMe: Archivists disproving photo descriptions and writing, "..actually, it's this street." Just erase the incorrect info!
yeah but she's a rapper it's these singers that hurt me the most. Talk about life, uplift women. That's why Beyonce is winning
Fixin' to start blogging innovative web technologies at #SXaccel. Lots of interesting people doing interesting things :)
Holy shit! A deer just ran out in front of us by Penfield!
Lin RT : 114A: "Vietnam Veterans Memorial designer" can be "Noted former Bighorn." Three letters. Go.
We agree! RT When You're Drunk & Can't Keep Score. You need the #Scorzie, a Scorekeeping Koozie
thank you for reposting.
ah, just fell in love with this sun dress at Hollister.
That awkward moment when you hangout with someone yu don't knoww..
yeah but im no batting 1.000
Hey stranger.
OMG :) luv people watching!! ! luv U guys&girls~U make me happy :) smile ~ it's FUN!!! :)
Thanks for your RTs of our story about the Silk Road Ensemble!
Geetinqqq ripped with
Nah, your NYC peeps tend to be awake much later than you are anyway. It'll tip the balance in your favor.
Did it work ? Lol
RT- DMV the worst// That's why I'm a member of A. Totally over the DMV.
Lots o' tweeting about this being a crappy Monday morn. Mine too is off to a rocky start.
I had a nice ass time in Atlanta, I'm ready to go back!
Thanks for sharing the deduction guide, Josh!
It's really quite simple.. Say what you mean & mean what you say.
Thankful for allowing God to use them mightily this weekend at Camp Flashpoint! Powerful!
i would wake up at 6:30 on my first day of SUMMER. wtf is wrong w/ me!?.
you better not! I came back to twitter because of you alone. Love ya Riley!
“: Don your socks, sandals & sunglasses, Seattle ~ we're in for some sunshine today! #40FAndLovinIt #NW” I can't wait!!!!
Call for the Sunday cut-up!
Day ball: Rangers-Jays matinee
You seem pretty composed for such an epic germ event having just transpired.
Adding a nice smith machine. Pully and cable system more olympic weights bringing my total over 2000 lbs yessir
wow you are hat in! And makin money off of it wow momma what has this world came to!
- Woo!!! Happy Monday!
Won a piggy bank in the white elephant gift exchange!!
I won't give up.
someone needs to!! Haha
hey there friend! So glad bigotry could reuinte us!
Back to chilly weather, come in for some beer cheese soup to keep you warm!
Off work and trying to get into the mood to do something. Why is it so gloomy outside? It's Friday I want some sun!
Our chefs are whipping up some tasty surprises for the Cherry Blossom Festival! Can't wait for everyone to try!
u need some aloe vera lotion
I'm writing a WBN follow up for Library Journal, got any stories to share? Email me at
I have only seen the preview but I agree with Mikey from American Chopper. It sucks you guys don't get a personal life.
You drive a truck?! RT : Btw ya'll., I'm a gun carrying, hunting, fishing, country music listening, truck and dog owning AZ boy.
im at the point where im so tired that i wonder if i have my contacts in or not.
Its ohkay to not care about some stuff, But theres some shit that you SHOULD care about.
No stickers in Eau Claire?
I know the lakers lost but dat damn kobe is box office !!
COME TO MY HOUSE YIUR MISSING ALL ZE FUN
next time say hello!
Who else wishes today was Wednesday?
CANNOT WAIT. Former Saints Safety Steve Gleason's story airs at 3:37 CT---Heroically battling ALS at age 34.
Thanks!! Never able to meet up with her before (oh scheduling), but we will make contact!
Thanks! We are new to FB and want to tell people we are there by offering them our gas card. Ipads are cool too.
Cool! Thanks for letting me know. :)
i can't stand the name of that store. i feel like it's a warning to not go in :)
after my last RT i almost forgot s/o to #teamdominican !! i love yal
Austin,Texas is L.A. away from L.A.
Ah, yea... #takeitoutside !
can you tell me who kaydee is?
Gimme Whatcha got for a Pork Chop!
Lmao, i always bump you in the hall and you just give me a weird look xD
Funniest night in long time! Haha
They make me sad when there is an obvious disconnect between the house or family and the objects inside being only representations...
Ms. Switzer it's turning up on people today lmao
So true. Winning at Purdue for just 2nd time in 40 years qualifies as an impressive feat in my book.
Well that was awkward...
i wish i could go back in time & go to my favorite bands before they were big & make them sign a whole bunch of things ...
you are a strong young woman. Roar girl, Roar
what an angry little tatertot you are. how about a trip to the doctor, hm?
It always was a weird conflict of interest for a newspaper to own a sports team, so I'm glad NYT is out.
#DML2012 inspiration for computer science as pathway to liberal arts learning, literacy, and engagement. Wish you were here!
It's just a shame to let you walk away.
Humbly sitting around a table with some of the best humanities advocates in the US like Jamil from , Esther from
ABOUE 1 MORE HOUR UNTIL THE DAY OF THE AIR DATE OF MY TNT EPISODE
We are creating a custom twitter background just like the ones our Pro Athletes use for one lucky follower. Follow & RT to be eligible.
Chicks complaining about Girlfriend duties.. You'll Never be able to handle Wife duties! You just holding yo'self back..
it really doesnt, and idk who picked florida to sing with her, but whoever did didnt really understand her
At #activateNYC12, Yochai & Craig Newmark mention terrific & importance of Prof. Lessig's work on
In a fit of I'm-not-sure-what, I cancelled my long-delayed Nikon d800 pre-order and ordered a Fuji XPro-1 instead.
#BackInElementarySchool i would get in trouble for Anything. but teachers thought i was funny
I'm getting into it right now.
lol thought you did.
widely regarded as the quietest council member among media.
I kno now Im broke ass hell lol
The trending topics have sucked lately smh
good point
When Captain America throws his mighty shield, all those who choose to oppose his shield must yield!
don't set them too high, though. You might miss out on someone amazing!
I loathe summer.
Thanks for the shoutout
I'm not totally useless.... I can be used as a bad example;)
oh my gosh their is a huge bug in my room #nosleep <U+E107>
Theres a giant loose dog circling my house looks mean.
LOOK AT ME NOWW
what you gettin into later we should do some work
Anyone need a job? Passions is hiring & having interviews tomorrow from 1-4pm.. Msg me for info
I play life by ear.
No one is luckier than him who believes in his luck. ' German Proverb
thank you!!!
Due to horrendous two-tweet joke attempt twitter staff has fired entire intern team. We #apologize for the inconvenience
Right back at ya!
dude... If japan loves you are fucking in. nice work.
Hahahaha senior prank this year is such an epic fail
Looking forward to working with as the play by play voice for away games & game day arena announcer at the !
Thanks for the ticket, awesome game man!
yes i love it! and of course...you will make it even better<3
Usually ppl that say they arnt perfect, really are perfect their just the only ones that dont see it(:
So why my current gone..wapa I don't appreciate this
good for you! Life's about learning and growing, trying new things
the sound of the rain hitting the roof and my windows in my silent room, while reading a book = <3
What up
The Doug Benson Interruption, so fucking good. It's on Netflix.
Thanks for the follow. Hope you are keeping cool!
Hi how are you, im hoping you will listen to this remix we did of Thugman Ft. Missy.. We are The Orphanz and if you google us you check it.
And we just hit E.F. Codd #kodm (and it wasn't me)
Du-Rags & Corduroy are on the way as a belated birthday present :)
Nope. Go back to bed, it's all a dream
Two more witnesses: Caturano, Guarino. Then the prosecution rests.
First,#AlecBaldwin. Now, #JackMcBrayer! Though Jack's was more of a sighting since I only said one thing to him. Next, #TinaFey? Hope so!
So looking forward to tonight's media party at ! Thanks, !
need some afternoon action that would be
Playing modern warfare 3, I just cried when soap died. sad
tht was gross. Cant believe he is suckin it up. The man is a machine
american express commercial saying you can use a mastercard in argentina? have you been to argentina? TRY paying with a card ANYWHERE!
Makes me wish there was a site where individual histories, like yours, could be posted by anyone.
If we don't support each other who will!!! We're one big happy family!!! #FireStoneDistrict LOVE THIS BLOCK!!!
haha im doin homework too :-P hate it
Yes, what a year. Next chapter begins. Thanks Dave. RT : Taking the car to today, just because. What a year.
looool sorry pav i got confused as to who was using your account? :L and yeah sure :)
lets go then
people be so sensitive now days, save those tears for someone who gives a fuck hahahahaha
Some people just troll for the attention. Pretty ridic.
updated baby registries, now ready to sleep!
I WILL NOT LOOSE! EVER!!
#CanIBeHonestWithYou is never a question that results with something good following.
We're getting ready for our holiday party tomorrow night! Wrapping Christmas presents and putting the finishing touches on our performance!
for sure! you wont regret it :)
You are so welcome!=)
My wife and I raised 4 great kids and loved the teen years. Being self-employed and working from the home was beneficial.
...that's rude
Newsies that Stay Newsies: An Aphorism in Three Acts. Starring Christian Bale.
Join us for Arts in the Park & Cosmic Carnival @ the Balloon Museum Sept 18th! FREE Admission! Live music, arts & crafts and star gazing!
80% of all the household purchases are made or influenced by a woman.
I think everyone has been to Orange Leaf today...
I like that deal for you: Witten is a big upgrade over Davis that skins' offense scares me with Beck at QB (or with Grossman)
Transformational teaching - dramatic academic growth, habits and mindsets, access and advocacy.
So whats everyone playing tonight??
So you're buying handmade AND you smell good! <3
that is the best thing I've heard all day!
A win tonight in hockey. It was a good game.
if your a scumbag you should forsure follow me!
Dear google, could you sit next to me during an exam? Sincerely, every student.
NICE...I want anything that is 'cool' i am lacking in the shoe dept. too many bags not enough shoes :(
What is it that defines a great restaurant to you?
#Cincinnati No Longer Has a Ban on Pitbulls. Effective this Wednesday they are No Longer Outlawed.
There are only two classes - first class and no class. - David O. Selznick
Are you going to try to dress her up and give her tea?! Lol
Hello April!
I hate you.
I never know when hockey season is. Apparently it's the playoffs
Cannes Film Festival Here We Come!!!
Arizona Beer Fest at Tempe Beach Park today. Look for TailGate Beer. Starts at 2 PM.
RT : I asked Siri how much Apple pays her per hour and she began to sob.
i dont have a skype sorry
“: I love it when I hug someone, and just when I'm about to let go, they hug me even tighter” *cough*
I'd like to wish a very happy birthday to my little sis. She's in Hawaii, and I'm at , but we'll be celebrating tonight regardless!
no im not im just tweeting from work, & ok
Day drinkers we are open. $2.5 domestics. $1 pull tabs. Free darts.
RT : Who do you have in GM1 tonight? or #UCIScottBrooks led ?
I know this is far from the last time that we'll see him!
Looking forward to seeing everyone at K Street Lounge (13th and K) for Happy Hour today! 5-8pm
why didn't they announce that Jimmy Graham broke the record in the dome???!?
tired. early ass work. lots to figure out.
lol it's more about being able to get ahold of ya :P I'm off all day Thursday and Friday except for court loo
Back from a brutal leg workout. Gotta pre-burn some of that fat I'll gain back during the Super Bowl!
What song?
Good job and winning for the #resume team! Woohoo! I was rooting for you
Do you work with IADT students as well? I work with the Detroit campus
We r sexy and we know it!! Wiggle!
Bitches love to stare.
There are worse things in life than death. Have you ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman?
Shooting a RallyCar race on trails that wind through the Paul Bunyan State Forest in Bemidji,MN, some of the best rally roads in the country
Writing an open letter to starbucks corporate. Thinking about using Expression Engine for website. Any thoughts?
We aren't going to be friends if you watch WWE.
Gee, thanks.
When I'm super busy I actually fool myself into thinking that I'm not lonley , when I am.
are you gonna be on the craig owens tour?!
Amanda Savage is the Kobayaiche of cinnastix.
And in the middle of school, when you're just sitting in your chair, not doing anything at all, something randomly pops.
Oh, yeah! But the first time through, it can feel more like banging your head against a rock than being a head banging rock star.
I don't have a migraine.
not currently, but we will be testing in the future!
Junior Seau dead... Sad sad news. R.I.P.
....& i only fck wit bhadd bitches..dat always blow loud...!(BOSS BIH MENTALITY)
And yes, both of us (Dan and Tad) will be in Austin next week for SXSW at our Vahalla booth at Tons of new prints, plush, tees!
um ive never gone on anon on tumblr cuz bitch im str8 up ;p
damn wat to do today
Feel like changing the Channels now!
and by that you must mean ridiculously good looking
Plus I was paranoid since some people on the Arch forums had booting issues with the 3.2.12-1 kernel...
haha nope! He just thought I was funny!
Hey guys! Share this page with your friends. Y'know?
MTV will be filming our dispensary 2day. Stop by & check it out & take advantage of our lunch special buy 1 gram get 1 1/2 off from 12-2pm.
I hate waiting on people..
talk to he is an artist...
A bird in the hand is the best way to eat chicken.
It came highly recommended.
I let no one sit in my rocking chair. Lmao
Make sure to stop by the Vanguard Booth at #ARMA11. Bill and Pete are delightful gentlemen!
I'm officially a nut job
Still awake. Never been to sleep. Too much work to do. Floating like a paper plane.
Unfortunately, yes. We'll let you know when the next one gets scheduled. Had you registered?
Just go with it. I caved & now I own a small, brass rhino. I love it.
Pat Summitt, the most successful coach in college basketball, is stepping down nearly a year after being diagnosed with early onset demen
Turn To You is so touching. <U+2665>
So i get up @ 6 ... Get all ready for school & its a 2 hr delayy .. Gaaah . Im going backk to sleep !
I'm not a perfect person. There's many things I wish I didn't do. But I continue learning. I never meant to do those things to you.<3
Good Morning!!!!
is handling a 27" #iMac #Data Recovery and AppleCare repair from South Korea right now. Yup! We're international!
is that a dead body by the window..?
I think I know why ;p haha
“: Finally getting my portillos fix #Yumm”
I wonder who really wants to know the geniuses behind this account(;
dvm360 iPad publication: Issue 10 now available Learn about three fires that devastated veterinary practices; help clients comply with fo
Truth Hurts. Untruthful Things Are Even Worse. But Either Things You Never Know Honesty Through Friendship Always Comes First.
how do you get a cold when its hot?
Grrrr >:x I can never fall asleep at a decent time on thursdays. wtf is up with that??!
#DearMonday..... Why do you get here so fast... You know not to be mean, but nobody likes you!
I still want to see think like a man
srsly, if the next step's #nomoms, my feelings'll go from "mixed" to "quite negative"
If you want to earn - work, but if you want to get rich - should come up with something else!
Cold, lonely and hungry? Come on in and get some freshly baked warm bread for you and your boothang ;)
finishing songs
The Vikings have tied the game...23 to 23. Now just watch Favre do his stuff.
look at the dressing
But at the end of the day you always fail to endorse Spaz's termination. What gives?
jealous! I'm calling you tonight!
Special thanks to and RTs :o)
u need help cleaning? Lemme know i can come over asap lol
De gud life.
I want to be outside! It's gorgeous today.
yeah, I'm trying to see what they are talking about for the summer. I'm going to try to slide through there tomorrow.
I am sure you saw the Steelers open here in Denver . Tickets will probably be crazy $ with Manning hype so we will be home.
I might have some cheesy potatoes.....
omg, haven't talked in forever
FOLLOWING LIMIT SUCKS!!
Ok well I'm gonna shower and call you then
Enjoying a day at home.
RT : "Dance is the only art in which we ourselves are the stuff of which it is made." - Ted Shawn
Will do! RT : Just saw the movie at Damn, it is so good. Go see it if and when you can.
when I'm with you, it feels like I'm walkin on air <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A3>
it just ended hahaha
congrats bro!
If I am not ripped by the third month. I am beating up every trainer.
Debating on whether to take run in 2011. It's a mild 39 degrees with no snow on the ground or should I start in 2012.
happy that I had a great first day in the new salon Prodigys
I know! I just wanna dance some more! I wish you were coming with us!
is the game on tv?
Road trip began today!
Tonight's Timbers game is on KPDX, which is not offered in HD on Directv. But you can get KPDX's HD signal by using off-air antenna.
I'm in love with the picture Ari tweeted.
Happy Earth Day!
"Each day is Valentine's Day..." with
omg. Me to!
I just bit the toothpick holding my lunch together. o_O
Wanna thank qod for lettinq me see another day.! N keepinq the two most important ppl n my life safe.! I love yall
Thanks for RT'ing our Bonnie Springs deal! For that, you win a two pack to Bonnie Screams! We'll DM you the info!
Haha i know! Twitter buddies are cool too though! "Is this real life?" haha (;
McGee and Faried combined for 28 points and 30 rebounds tonight. We gotta keep them together.
You owe your audience "big time" Cenk Uygar
dear baseball moms, is it necessary to say let's go four two...the number is forty two just say that!
": thank you" *You're welcome & thank u! The video's hype :-D
look bro, get a trademark on your picture. Simple solution. And try being nice to other people. It works.
Whoever fucking says they like being a woman never says it when there's a devil living in her fucking ovaries.
West LA is poppin today lmao
Since I deleted my facebook, Im stuck on twitter but it's turnt down right now -.-
If you're not growing, you are dying.
Fuck Selena get me an AXE I will kill the bitch she knows about 1D if she goes after them I will kill her!!
Made up my mind I'm going to makeup school #excited .
That szechuan sauce is eating a hole through my stomach right now... +_+
Running THEN a happy hour beverage... Never the other way around
no problem :)
its okay. I don't get mad at all. Of course we're still friends :). Have you watched House Of Anubis?
impressive pulitzer project, but where's the poetry? Wharton's crazy good and all, but line breaks need love too!
To parents that make their kids smile everyday! You're awesome :)
I don't understand how I can cheat and still fail!!!
Laying out with my momma and sisters.
I'll hit you up post dev connections when I come up for air again? First week April :)
haha that's what I'm saying ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
me nd my brother got left in the measum maze all our friends left us nd my teacher was lookin for us nd evelyn crazy day lol
yes, that is why I have started PHipster
Thank you for the follow :)
hiding?? hyd means "how you doing" lol
Study: Employees' trust in leaders has declined. Only 14% say company leaders are ethical/honest.~Sept. HR Magazine.
Why my mom gotta be so unsupportive
Watching "the art of critique"
My b-day is in 15 days yay. <U+2665><U+263A>
Long weekend of moving. Need a vacation from my summer! I've been entirely too busy
The architect should walk the site with the photographer
Has anyone ever got suspended from skool? And if u did was it bad!!!!!!!
I HOPE I GET TO MEET (:
Local businesses support other local businesses. Shopping at one supports many. Keep your $$ local.
yeah I miss you too BigHomie!
Aw, thanks. We appreciate you!
MY LAPTOP IS WORKING!! my life is back :D
Me too.. I've been craving Yogurt on the Rocks for days now. I'm finally doing it tonight!
Get it WET.
Finna call it one.. still gotta find a ride in the a.m. smh
Hair gel?
yeah, b/c the inevitable second question is some variation of "what took so long" - doesn't look good on film
IM PROUD STILL :')
Yep Emma Stone is also way hot.
playoffs have a few too many games, but the level of play and excitement are better than any other league's post season.
I bet my ex will agree with this!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> RT : A #Libra can become quite evil when pushed to their limit.
it all started when i sed somthing to him and he got pissed off cuz his parants cheak his FB and he dident want them to no hes bi!
I've been practicing the Vlad story. Breaking it out this weekend. Wish me luck.
tweet at my fiancé , and she can email you deets. I'll pass along your email.
: We are following you now, very interesting posts.
Truth'd. RT : Another playwright #ff. , but you can (tentatively) call him Chain Lightnin'.
Man it is nice out today! Love it
I know! Pretty amazing stuff. It's supposed to be 86 here today. :)
I would be a very happy dog if you followed me! =) *puppy eyes* pwease!!!
We burnin down trees out chyea!
Nite Nite Love U and too!
For 5 yrs David Vasquez has playd timbales wth www.ljye.com .Today was his graduation party and I spoke. His Dad Hiram and I wept. Pride Joy
Good point.
This is awesome. Wide awake since midnight.
Yep enjoying my childhood memories watching Anastasia :)
ha! That's a bit much all at once.
my favorite of all is you
Do any other musicians out there talk to their guitars like they're real people? Or am I just crazy...
Since when do you stand at work...???
Great first day back on the practice field for all Browns players.
Republicans can't clap during the #SOTU because they always have 1 hand on their wallet.
"The knowledge of God is very far from the love of Him." - Pascal
If you live everyday like it is your last, your last day will be just like every other.
We wish you and your family a very Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!
Prosecutor Dave Chapman moved to rears during close argument at trial
Anonymous vs. the legitimate identifying internet. You go,
violet and blue?
It looks like Twitter just changed its look. Any thoughts? It's definitely different, that's for sure.
Where is my girlfriend at??!!!??!!
lol.... I thought u sounded like a angle. B
Cheers! Gotta love a good beer! LIVE at Stone Brewing Co.
Terrible Horrible No Good Very Bad Pun of the Day: MS is releasing a new IDE for Phil Collins fans... Visual Stu Stu Studio.
#492009 rate please and i am the 2nd one to the left FYI!!!
missing a good dinner!
I'm putting people through a hiring process at my college. I hope it's not too terrible for them.
you are one of the most respected superstars ever but at the same time you are one of the most disrespected superstars of all time
Omfg, is following me...xD I feel pretty special. Thank you.<3
thats really cool!!! Congrats Scotty! God has great things in store for you! Jer. 29:11 :D
I need time and I need my space
facebook is full of shit when people can't access their own account when things go wrong, there is never a live person you can speak to
Has anyone heard back yet about the Wimbledon ballot? Too soon?
thank you!
I'll talk to my people!
please dont haha i might cry
Thank you to all the designers, guests, bloggers, and everyone that came to our Bedmaking event today! Sweet dreams to you all!
love you!
Thanks ! Had a BLAST! so proud to be a WOU wolf!!
I can understand that. other favorite was a little screwdriver w/a note since the couple med & worked at a hardware store
I saw the dreaded "skapri" in Athleta catalog. O tempora! O mores! O horrid hybrid!
- It was lovely chatting with you today :) Love to you & happy leap year!! xxoo
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 84
Check your email.
#evernoticed how drastically the definition of LOVE has changed?
ok... EDT. Happy now?! It will be a fantastic show no matter what time!!
haha that's awesome. Good find Mark!
thanks for hosting such a wonderful hh tonight!
I don't need to speak Dutch to understand your angry birds tweet!!
Here comes the paranoia again. I feel like I annoy you and you have better things to do than talk to me. But it's fine.
Suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of congress. But I repeat myself.
Big T! They want us :) It'd be fun RT Any future Dallas shows when Tanner comes back from LA?
#ImMadBecause , he called everyday for the past week & a half & iMISSED EVERY CALL LIKE TF . <U+2764> I hope he calls tonight
UWS at 630, and support NY fun run w/
Just enjoyed the best piece of pumpkin pie ever!!
If you know of educators who are interested in the Holocaust and children's art please direct them to our site. www.petrginz.com
Wishing you a happy and healthy New Year! May your 2012 be filled with beautiful music.
I'm sorry but a Bail Agent agressively approaching defendants families in the courthouse trying to sell a bond isn't professional!
Golf Tip: Keep your kit clean. A little dirt can cause a lot of problems.
Anybody else hearing that the name surejet might be put on hold?
walk right in, step right down, baby let your hair hang down
u can sit near us if u hurry;)
Full of wisdom and a trailblazer! : "Communication is the key for effective teamwork." #TheEpicLife”
i want in!!! I need denea and simone hours!!
1 week till Oktoberfest!! Who is coming to see us!
when am I seeing you!?!?
Thanks + a fine list! RT : Here's my list of fave 2011 publishers:
feeling like Friday
Loving some grilled cheese for lunch :)
When people bail on you at the last min when you really needed them most.
Hm now I'm thinking! RT totally! George stands outside the showroom for a long while!
RT if you've been disappointed in 's drunk facebooking game this year
#woftreat .. party favor!!! nailed it
keep your head up giz just 2 more months! And smile cause you look more beautiful with a smile:)
washing hands:)
did I miss a picture of the meet up?;-)
are 9-3. are 10-2. These next four games should be FUN.
Why does my dance show have to be on a thursday? It makes it feel like todays friday & tomorrow will be like "what am i doing here??"
Happy to report issues, but I can't DM you unless you follow me.
. It would be way awesomer if my retirement account quoted !
thanks for all the hard work you do to preserve america's past.
can you call me and wish me a happy birthday because today is my birthday.....my number is (216)456-4561
Civilian Review Board(3)insiders say it is not impartial, justice is NOT served for either citizen or police officers.10News I team
Glad to see how much you are enjoying the new hometown.
Umm think it's time to write some poetry. Gay.
Join us 8pm Friday,May 18. Neon Venus Theatre. Hilarious stand-up comics...Candace Brown,Matt Geiler,Nahreen Tarzi, Anthony Perez
I think I might actually get to bed at a decent time tonight. This is wonderful!!!! I've never been #SoExcited to sleep! :)
It's the first day of Summer classes! Welcome back everyone :)
12 Angry Flabby Men
Sleepless. Locked out. Coffee shop keeps refilling with ever-more-annoying music. Good thing my week begins/ends on Wed
Hope to see you there Vijay.
Welcome! Are you enjoying your meal ? Thank you for checking in on Foursquare.
it just ligtened again.
follow me please i love one direction and everybody thinks that i'm traumatized : )
My friend Justin will be working on the set of "Perks!" I told him to say Hi! to you from me & that you're the best Hunn!!! <3
Association of Midwest Museums annual meeting to meet in Indianapolis 7-23 to 7-26 in 2012. At 1st city wide planning meeting.
will music be forever fragmented into thousands of small, internet-only sub-genres, or is it a phase?
Actually, the most emotional I've ever been came from Monet. But that was a line from Parks and Rec I really loved.
do somethign useful and retweet my last tweet :P
aw.... poor baby
I hope he is alright.
Holy huge moon, Batman!
Alanna is watching the Rhyme Time ep of FBB with in it. :) So funny!
Says ZINE WORLD: A READER'S GUIDE TO THE UNDERGROUND PRESS, "Every city needs one of these..."
I guess you dont want to tell me.Well have a good day&night:-)
should we set up a brewer game for the Friday everyone is here?
If I get 1 more 'complimentary' wake up call from a ph# that doesn't like to speak @ 6:30a.m. I'm going to politely share the # w/ Twitter.
follow back?:D xx
I theories that people in the future are going back in time and fucking with our ancestors.
Listening to the #Cardinals feed on XM. Why does every announcer have to pronounce #Tabata all strange?
I know a Jean-Paul. He got stabbed by his last girlfriend. Hmm....
Back in the saddle again.
“: Don't trust a hoe, never trust a hoe, cause a hoe won't trust me.”.Your tweets are fucking retarded. Are you a black pimp?
In the sports news today: the Celtics trade Nate Robinson and Kendric Perkins. They must know something that we all don't know.
RT: : Dude. #GIRLS is the best. is a goddess.
Joyous Melodies Tonight!
Nice to meet you this morning!
lol I knowww , interesting lol xD well I go to sunset and I went to hammocks maybee frm there?? Doubt sunset though lol
Ate a great meal of shredded pork over rice with plantains at a Cuban restaurant in the Miami airport. When did airport food get so good?
My nerves bad ..
I want my doggy back :(
no babe Disney world
happy hump day to you!
Same goes for me. I play satellite TV for awhile to help me with ideas!
haha hi star! well we were sitting on the couch watching tv and i decided to try to kiss her (first time with her) but then.
Imma go to sleep now.
is a great candidate and leader, just needs a little more time and experience.
One of the next biggest breakthroughs in sports nutrition has been the area of bioactive peptides. The future is here with www.mmabq.com
Off to the airport. The trip to LGA seems a wee hop (<3 hours in the air) compared to my usual jaunt to SEA (>6 hours usually).
come over today kinya comin to!
My world is falling apart :-/
Cameron diaz... Why not
Was the ground cold when you crawled out this morning?
It's a nice night, the stars look pretty sick,
"Star Wars is fun, it’s exciting, it’s inspirational, and people respond to that. It's what they want." ~George Lucas b. 2day 1944
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a creative week!
this guy is the Bono of hating my reviews! I wonder who The Edge is
Cold weather :))
something with your faces! Oh sweatpants that say wellington down the side
Nice, Brad! Well spoken and congratulations.
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected. - Charles Lamb
Good luck at the Jack this weekend. Would love to see the pictures
Thanks, Chris!! (: : happy birthday Kelsey!
haha maybe but idk I feel like he's been barely saving his job every year though
I wish I was a New Yorker. Headphones in, sunglasses on, Starbucks in one hand & a dog leash in the other.
Happy International Beer Day www.yeldahgoods.com for a $8.05 shirt stating REAL WOMEN DRINK BEER. Today only. Cheers!!!!!
Are u a business owner in Boise? Tell me about it...
I still get a lil nervous...
The wait for prisoners on death row will be shortened considerably.
listening to X Files on husband's computer, sipping joe, thinking about calculus homework... only thinking...
sucks at 2K , idk why he still plays me
In these lanes, how about you?
So we go to school for like 7 hours.. What's the point of homework? that's why we go to school all day! #stressedasever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
A survey of teaching staff suggests poor parenting is fuelling a rise in violent pupil behaviour.
thats what im talking about. Im ready to get on that fire
This mf need a contract deduction or something release his weak ass and let Gibson start
I now work at irving convention center.
Drew Brees has every right to be livid. Saints ownership once again out of touch w/ reality.
Yeah, during and after teaching, I would totally reverse myself--declaring I like teaching more than prep. Nice to enjoy both!
yo video is tight SK....I see u movin up. I was there for "the path that I bend".. proud of you man keep goin
Here we Go!!!! Happy St.Patricks Day #Milwaukee! We open at 8. Please everyone get crazy but be safe! Cab it or Buses are free today!
You have got to be kidding me.
We love him too!
worried about weather for hill day
My fellow American, you must have your sky miles card on you today because you're looking extra fly. - GW
The Reese Boyd Project's next show is 6/1/12 @ Will Henry's Tavern, Stone Mountain, GA. No Cover.
All I Do Is Show Out , Watch Me While I Show Out .
S/O to ! Taking one for the TEAM! HA! Love my partner. . .
Totally agree with shopping at the farmers market. We are so lucky to have what we have in Madison.
I'm fine without the free drink ticket! the #mlanet12 program says it's a ticketed event, though...
so glad you could make our MNO event! We'll see you at the next one! :)
I got you - just sent some others -
Did ya'll recognize as our call in question for #JamesRoday today on ?
Hahahaha! When I find out what I did right I'll share! I promise! Have a great window day!
I wish u would tweet me what radio station ur gonna be at
#Friday night! going out..if this bitch ever comes and picks me up :((
Gotta say, Google, I do like those new .js scrollbars that got pushed to Gmail. , would be interested to hear your thoughts.
that was the wonderful Lori Easterwood who is on twitter as but doesn't post at all.
World star hip hop has to be the funniest website ever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
don't you mean 40 Year Old Virgin?
Happy birthday! What are you doing to celebrate!? Have fun :) RT : Happy birthday, !
I can chug an entire drinking glass of vodka. It's my special talent. If I was in the Ms America pagaent... That's what I would do.
All I know is I have a sudden craving for a Tuna Sandwich from in Harlem.
just said a prayer for Swilley's "tendonitis" to heal. Really pulling for him. I know be can get through this.
Enjoyed your visit at HQ yesterday!
Lol!! that's a long time!!
traffic sucks.
Best guess so far... 2 out of the 3, but no hints yet! RT : How about potatoes, peppers and onions?
Tornado warning?! #ohshit !
had a dream came to my wedding last night. This is your informal invitation Willie.
Happy #WW to all. Cheers!
WHOA!!! Gorgeous & busy Cafe Momus set at
- she's on a plane moving to SF, today! That's how she is. YAYYYY!!! Drinks soon??
excited to see it!
first Cal Men's Lacrosse game tomorrow at 7pm @ Maxwell field
Just saw #KillTheIrishman -- bad***... Now about to watch
you guys are awesome. #tweeton! Tomorrow we talk hashtags and lists
I do that too, if your not using chrome, then your either technologically retarded or you don't respect yourself
I love the smell of Windex in the evening.
This CALIFORNIA HAPPY COW wants to be a SIDE-KICK on a RADIO show in SO-CAL Any suggestions?
Lol nice! How bout the movie Congo LMFAO! #describeyourpeniswithamovietitle RT : ferocious planet
I want something anti-religious
“: Happy mothers day thank you Love!
#AlanJacobson has a new short story #FatalTwist available today on Amazon and Barnes&Noble! Get it while it's hot!
I am so Clark Kent! Remove glasses, add makeup...new person
It's about time we let those toes breath a little. Sydney b. has a great selection of sandals. #kids # moms
I watch a lot of the Bulls & Celtics. I think Doc & Thibodeau r 2 of the best at any level. Haven't watched much of the Grizzlies
Tony Parker should be more concerned with reporters rioting at this presser than which school he should choose.
re: angels on pinhead - the question serves as a metaphor for wasting time debating topics of no practical value (wikipedia)
yeah, just a bit. Thank you for asking
who you telling and thats just from these last 2 weeks i have left lol
Fu$k a crableg..slick had a lobster.
This is like mistaking a cup of milk for a cow
I def gotta work wit u....You snapped on that Go HaRd
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Watch for Coffee, Dale, Geneva, Henry & Houston Counties until 09:00 PM
christ billingsley throw a fucking strike
Wow, will be praying for you!! Had a friend this happened to many years ago.
Signed up to Rallycross the Accord on Sunday. Hooooo boy. :)
heyy austin i love you so much please follow me <3 :] 4
Great Yoga Class tonight YOGA WORKS!
no they shouldn't, can't even imagine the pain.As a mom I'd think there is an empty void in ur heart that never heals.
The Ready Set in L.A. Day 4
no no no no mauren (;
Defo took one on the chin huh?
This is true, maybe I should add a little widget to the site, (*bats lashes *) Thanks! :)
aww. I love brunch!
Patron needed help with a copy. Couldn't help her because she's already logged out and there's a waiting list.
Buying fishies :D
Thank you!!
It's not that I'm so smart, its just that I stay with problems longer. Albert Einstein. Stick to it. Perseverance is priceless. :) MONDAY
which one
you got it! I'll be around actually.. boyfriend is taking a boys trip to Whistler so I've got nothing to do!
lol no your a minute off! :O Gasp!
don't sell yourself short this was a great night of chat, we co-led the discussion
We will be at the 5 spot in East Nashville this Saturday w Kat Smo and the Future to benefit 3rd annual food drive
Stop testing & driving
Hi! hope To see u soon! Don't forget Sunday k
"When I'm tired and cannot sleep, I count my blessings instead of sheep"~Irving Berlin. Sweet dreams, loved ones xo <3
I'm eating watermelon with a grapefruit spoon.
“Who dat, who dat, you know who it is, heard you lying on my sis, tellin people that you hit/ when your album drops I’ma hit you with your
Tryna go to glassgow for the open house tmrw(:
please email me to set up an appointment. . send three different times that work for you.
Give her my congratulations.
Port lovers be jealous. I am staying at #QuintadoNoval for 2 days. Unbelievably beautiful windy roads to get her.
Therapists - are you attending the 2012 CSM in Chicago? Stop by our booth for more information on Career Opps
I spend so much time in strip clubs that when the pizza delivery guy arrives I put his tip individually around his pants & then slap his ass
Dear , stay strong buddy. At least your QB doesn't have a metal neck.
Thanks to the students in Professor Pena's Rare Book & Special Collections class for having me tonight.
who should I start out of Percy Felix or Gronkowski at flex today?
we had 90 followers now down too 75 ? -.-
LOL...sorry...typing on small phone :) Yes, it's www.
Lovin the sunshine, but I think its melting my eyeballs.
No way! Are they amazing?
Can't wait until tomorrow. I'll have a full case of coffee stout.
You men a "sduffy dose?"
mwahaha he would never listen to your opinion over mine!
I'm not going to tweet until the end. This is too good. Enjoy, fans.
"Do do do do do do di di di" Jason Mraz is my kinda guy for the week(:
you showed your tits for pizza?
720 with Adam bomb
Don't let life discourage you; everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was.
wuddupp nice to talk to u gain can u follow jadenbaby11 she only got 2 ppl n dats me n somebody plz
You tell me, I'm headed to con center now. Had work this AM.
We will be closed Monday 8/15 & Tuesday 8/16 for our yearly maintenance. See everyone on Wednesday!
We got Jaimes Valdez city of Portland Renewable Energy Specialist as a speaker at the green-renaissance/fair 9-19/20-09
Don't let the fear of striking out hold you back. ~ Babe Ruth
This RT : this talk about the #Hackoff & #Smackoff on my TL makes me excited for
Welcome back!
is that Panama??? And if so...that's amazing! What are you doing there?
Did 's twitter get hacked again?
comparison is a cancer. so hard to resist. I hear you.
Hey Sunshine, where were you yesterday?
the fact that me and Jordan's three year is Tuesday is #mindblowing. #ilovemyboyfriend (:
she's so good, growing up too fast as they all seem to do! xo
catching up on Hulu, loving on my cats and getting a massage...
#TDayCBS I love the parade it is awesome
the online sign-up for NYMF auditions was genius. Breeziest non-eq audition experience to date!
puns get a pass here because twitter is outta site
Spinning Thursday night at g/r/a/n/d in Stamford, CT, 10pm -1am! Come out and support at 15 Bank Street!
This past weekend was such a great experience! Thank you to everyone who supported us!
but you did it and that's all that counts!
nice! Where at?
#shame on the Leon County Commission for developer profits over neighborhoods &environment. Hundreds of trees to b cut on Miccosukee.
hahahah you're just a horrible person :P
4 more followers.
Lol okay you can tweet,but you can't text me back? Fine, and I was gonna send you a picture of muh tittays.
Nice! Please do!
U.S. Fed sees gradual pick-up in economic growth and lower unemployment, but warns of possible risks from global markets. 11:37 AM ET.
Right. But on the plus side, I don't look a day over 72.
That awkward moment your rocket launch fails.
2010. What a year!
We're all set up for the presentation. We'll see you soon!
But that what I get for constantly reading the tech support boards...
i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily 23
And if scope reduction is inseparable from the hermeneutics of research? Options include Gephi or Calamine lotion
u a fool 4 dat one! Lmao, I feel ya doe... Slow motion this way 2 cuz...
May is #Celiac #Sprue #Celiac #Disease awareness month. Let's make it #GlutenFree & #Gluten #Sensitive awareness month!
in less than 10 mins too lol, you might be trending soon.
wait, Bachelorette premieres tonight?!
Thanks for the RT! Wish our entire staff could of heard you today!
RT 2/3 of current art museum directors expect to retire within 10 years.
Cmon MARK Brunnell!? (spelling could be suspect on that)
I guess the way to a man's heart really is cooking them food. Lol :)
Hey - you still need to play in OT. Come on!
Massage is great for your relationship.
Happy Friday! What are your plans for the weekend?
i fell worthy of every kiss u laid upon me for in each of them went part of my heart...
Vegas loves you!
thx. We still need to get together & shoot bows...
I'm not down with being complacent. If you are then you really won't like me lol
Thanks for the shout out!
I'm looking forward to Oprah reading my book. 'SHE' my sexual additcion. I'm excited.
I will..ya know, if you haven't already got someone.(:
Ugh Mondays
Why can't more networks let shows end themselves like NBC and DirectTV did for
yeah! I called from LA and delivered the day of!! She loved them! My parents are doing great, how are you?
Today I added GOSUB and RETURN statements to #BASIC-1965. #Ruby made it easy. Next addition: FOR/NEXT loops.
Good Morning :)
We do what we can :)
...deeper and deeper, way way down... deeper and deeper, way way down...
Damn I just missed 's performance. Someone tweet me a link, quick!
Its all about strong networks J!!!
Every time I watch The Hangover I have the strongest urge to hop a plane to Vegas. Sadly I've never been west of Minneapolis.
OR means they're ewuals in the eyes of the coaching staff. No clear leader at the spot.
thank you Julia! much appreciated
You know being sick sucks when you cant stop crying because how bad your thraot hurts i cant even speak it hurts so bad!
Let us be dissatisfied until America will no longer have a high blood pressure of creeds and an anemia of deeds. ~ Martin Luther King Jr.
Breakfast and coffee catching up on last night. God I really don't want to go to work.
thanks for your RT & ldrshp in
jets are straight trash
it sounds really good. Im gonna read it then see the movie
Sounds super fun!!
Tough night at the senior center. I had to flip the checker board over in a fit of rage earlier than usual. Haha love A. Spooner.
Nothing like sitting outside, having brunch on a weekday morning!
God blesses those who are humble, for they will inherit the whole earth. Matthew 5:5 NLT
Thanks, - I love this time of year. Very exciting :)
So glad I don't live in #LA. #nobutseriously it's gnar
I'm with you. I've held the discipline of writing for an hour a day. Haven't started. Here I go.
Amazingly, the 8th seeded LA Kings are now the 9/4 betting favorite to win the Stanley Cup, according to Bovada.
Watching Emma kick my dad's butt in Super Smash Bros
she cant do it she has no guts
Ortiz deserved that after head butting Mayweather. Ortiz touched cloves and wasn't ready his fault!!!!
do you know how many times i've been irate at the car(s) in front of me? the drive thru is not a new process, people!
Looking forward to visiting and for the next few days as part of their #SAIS accreditation team.
RIP RT : The full obit for Mike Wallace, whose "success often lay in the questions he hurled, not the answers he received." htt ...
I am always hungry. Dear god.
Wish a happy Colesday!
#quotes Hell, there are no rules here, we're trying to accomplish something.
CMS: Wordpress will allow professors to update certain parts of their own biography.
Hope we can enjoy Milltown together again someday!
IN THE STUDIO ENTERTAINMENT
please make a pitstop to Geneseo and bring me some.
Me too! Except mine wasn't a joke, it was a "maybe this isn't completely crazy"
I always park in reverse haha
I don't use "about that life" figuratively.
Hi! I just sent you an email about our "Taste of Italy" event. Hope you can make it!
phote=photo whatever
LostKen nigga's turn up this weekend
When my mom answers the phone she says yellow for some reason...
"To all the students who drop out and failed high school: Remember two things;1) You tried your best. 2) I don't like onions on my Big Mac."
empire. Empire.
Has your library closed or cut back hours?
That is is nuts. I can't miss my
I wish I didn't have a rooting interest. This is easily the best and most dramatic hockey of the playoffs. Yes Caps!!
looking at my watch, it's about that time
Falk Campaign volunteers are running around campus looking frazzled, guessing they're not getting the student turnout they were hoping for
Just got a meesage about wanting to lose weight... Uhh, no thanks!
let's play.
you've probably missed the commentary, but Billick/Brenamen have been atrocious as well.
Can't wait to get this mohawk, like forreal yo.
HATES when people say "Kray" instead of "crazy"
I hate avoiding Twitter to keep from finding out match scores while I'm at work - makes me feel isolated and backward.
In Saint Petersburg Russia for the FIABCI World Congress of Real Estate. Magical city.
Seen in Vegas this past weekend- at Caesars, at Spago, at RedRockCasino, Lisa Marie Presley at MGM
Just got my second DIY Munny
Thanks Barbara!!
Wow, the Red Sox haven't hit rock bottom like this since... well the end of last year.
Be sure to follow latest adds to #cnndialogues panel , and
Buy her a beautiful necklace early on. Continue to add links to it as you grow older together.
MARISAAAA!! Are u going to ocean city??
"how much that/they is?" the most used phrase I hear all day at work.
": its something different..I like it!!!" Thanks..it is different doe lol
Make it in this weekend for a FREE matching side when you pick up a movie lounger of your own!
Yeah, agreed. I was conceptually "with" the GoDaddy exodus, but with so much of our biz dependent on them, hadn't the bandwidth.
Got soaked loading the equipment but forward to tonight! Cate Street Pub 10pm!!!
There should have been a tribute for Amy Winehouse.
Oh my! I'd no idea. Glad you are recovering, Bob.
not yet, we are letting it go another day
Don't make me out to be something im not, because you don't know me and you never did
Funny how promises business but can't deliver shit. I pay you, yet I have to do all the work? Fuck is that?
WINN $200 AND A PAIR OF JORDANS .. JUST FOLLOW ME AND SUBSCRIBE TO ME ON YOUTUBE @ THEROBENX CHECK OUT "GO CRAZY" THE SINGLE!!
The catalytic converter was stolen from my car. It was the 6th time the dealership had seen it just this week. $2600 repair.
Why haven't I already read a bunch of Samuel Delany?
Pretty sure I'm going o hate The Avengers...only because everybody else loves it.
The gig last night was so much fun. Thanks so much for lifting my spirits and even getting me to sing :)
Correct..just assumed new seats were the discussion. North end zone has some standing room only in Miller Lite zone
aha, yep! :"p and thankss haha
your William and Kate book is in my car lol. Don't let me forget to give it to you in the morning
Just woke up but still tired as hell.
...burn that sweater.
Tomorrow, the Hot Club will be at Bistrot Lepic and Wine Bar with vocalist Esther Haynes. 7pm no cover.
good morning god is good
Thank you #MLA12. Great panel #s736!
December is looking lik a good month for games ;)
Thanks for sharing the LUV at Thanksgiving Judy!
well go to sleep then
Shopping today.. #myfavorite :)
Im just an average guy, disregard what u heard...I take a number 2 and play a game of angry birds...lol
I wanted Tony to win, but Jermaine was definitely my next choice. #happytweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
We feel an epidemic of snow flu coming on. It's supposed to start in earnest about midnight.
looks like bebow might not be a Jet after all... what a shame. #qb?
My Nerves Is Shaking Its Like Everytime We Score They Score Lets Just When This Thing
i believe that, resulting from all these suspensions, Drew Brees will act more like Peyton Manning as on-field off.coordinator. Still big
I swear if I were the last person on Earth some ass#ole would turn left in front of me! :(
RT : When you fuckin with me, just know one thing: I aim to please. 100% satisfaction guaranteed
Just read Chavez spoke for 9 hours during his annual address. And I thought the governors' #sots addresses have been dragging on too long!
Ikr it's like unexplainable
All these car alarms going off!
I got my ray bands on and I'm feelin hella cool tonight
Thanks to the staff at #AmericanAirlines for having NO CLUE about ANYTHING. "We know why you fly": only because trains are stupid.
RT : The quality of your life is determined by the quality of your thoughts.
#Aquarius MB guy of the day: Roc Royal
no tours. I'm not a roadie :)
#BREAKINGNEWS: has just conceded the Portland Mayoral race to and
Ha! That happened to me! And now I'm late everywhere because I keep forgetting my clock is the right time.
Apparently y tweets are funny... thanks and (I fixed it for you)
hey! what's up?!
sportscaster shakeups continue! to be replaced by an unknown??? time will tell and bald is beautiful they say.
Thanks for the shout-out AND for all the skills you taught me!!! Expect me in a refresher class soon. Gotta keep sharp :)
at any show in this town of late. Sad.
Will Nascar's Danica Patrick Drive Like A Honey Badger?
that sounds terrible :-0
Thrilled to be ABD! Bring on the egg nog and Christmas cookies!
M... will be here tomorrow 11-2 on Park Ave! Try their delicious crepes and get half off museum admission!
Mine was "The Bottom" by Under The Flood =)
Ashton on 'Two and a Half Men' - funny
iPhone vs android vs blackberry vs windows mobile. Which is better? Let's get your input!
by any chance do you have a pink leotard w/ matching headband, wrist bands, and leg warmers?
Not kidding… smh you guys.. why.
What a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
1/2 way done with ADR, Starting to sound mix. Film should be done by June!
no I won't. but thanks anyways hunnnnn ;)
I had to hangout with about 10 boys tonight by myself. And none of them were you..
great solution = long list on your door?
Thanks for clearing it up for a redneck... Merry Christmas Shali
Happy New Year!
god. busy but good. How was your week?
r u coming to TX with Dwight in July?
Waking paralysis? Anyone else experience it?
wise move
burned 239 calories doing 60 minutes of "Dancing, aerobic, ballet or modern, twist"
you think they're fixed, too?!
LOVE. RT : Thanks for running my photo/cover of for He is dreamy! :-)
Kipper thx for the follow pal!
#Tworship Thx. God Bless all of you!
Too bad we got kicked out of every club we went to last night and I talked hella shit just cuz I'm 21 and I can! Bitches
The bigger the dream, the BIGGER the challenge! So don't fear to face what life brings into your path
Heres to the kids who are gonna party their asses off during summer.
Oh my gosh some people are so stupid
We have tonight at Roxbury. Best open format dj in LA. Come early tonight to make sure you get in, he always kills it!
"SNOCLOTHING" wanted to thank the "SNOCLOTHING" fan's for purchasing Our Newest shirt, we know you will love it. www.SNOCLOTHING.com
LOL Now I really am rooting for OKC just for ..
Kinda weird. I get the "what if everyone did it" part of harm discussion, but "Ps should get fees" seems to contradict "insubstantial"
Four days now for me....
Genuinely stuck on #Census 2010 question 9 about race. How do I fill in "other Asian"? Indonesian? Batak?
Cleaning & Getting things ready for later ! Today is going to be Fun <;
what are talking about pacquio whooped his ass
I wanted to see Angela sub in for Pam and kick some bum!
you and me both!! Michigan I think.. Where you from
He's definitely been a good moderator so far.
That is probably one of the most ignorant statements ever.
had a very buss day today and night shout out to Ha'Zel Kane , Killie Brown, we just left with Gordana Runjaic n valentino.
Protesters rushed back into south park blocks just after 11. It's midnight and still no police. This chick is tired.
Congratulations, Jo!!!
Happy Monday! Hope your weekend was relaxing, now, time for class to start!
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU MADE ME BLEED MY OWN BLOOD!
There is a difference between an idea & a concept is the theme of current #NYTVF panel on creating online content strategy
- FUCKING JEALOUS. I WANNA SEE WISTERIA LANE! :(
thanks :D
good luck
No, I don't think I've seen it. Do you recommend it?
I hate playing hide and seck with my phone *-*
bo it won't stop raining!
I made some the other day, and it was fucking delicious.
Just saw a group of nuns and said "what's up ladies?" to them. Am I going to hell?!?
Very cool!! Hey Nicole!!
Is at the collision center yet again! Maybe I should just ride a mule...
Whenever I see "Trade Staal",I go,"Man,this could actually happen :("..But when I see "Trade Sid",I lul..it would never happen..
I had no idea today is st. Patrick's day..
homegirl you're so full of yourself. tone it down<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Thanks for the follow. Your music sounds great! Let us know if you're ever in the Northeast! We'll get a show happening!
You win!
Did you know that low tire pressure can cost you dollars at the gas pump?
Beyond frustrated with the lack of customer service from
<U+266C> No.1 this week 1987 Los Lobos with theme song to film "La Bamba" life of Ritchie Valens who died in the same plane crash as Buddy Holly <U+266C>
Hey Congrats to the big man on the PhD! Shaq's a cool cat! But umm, is it honorary? Just wondering...
Mother fucker I feel like the hardest working kid in America.
YAY, bring an Australian! :D
In the kitchen ready to roll out some homemade candy corn for the little ones!
I blasted Sen. Rand Paul, not his father, Ron. Rand has been stalling federal legislation to ban synthetic marijuana
I have to be getting punked
hah! what a junky. you know he's been hitting the free market too hard.
You can find crew from #MattsChance on
Cheer up. Cuz I need a smile.
lol Jk jk. U know I lahh you. :) Edgar does the dick slapping round there. Lol
Dear Justin Bieber, I lost my teddy bear, can i sleep with you?;)
Three words: I LOVE MATT
nope, just make beats.
why play draw something with me if you're never going to play dammit?????
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:)6
absolutely love Just put my son to sleep singing settle down<33
Twitter, please don't be interesting today. I have a lot of work to do and I have no time for gawking.
#IHate my cat. I want her the fuck out of my house. You dont sneeze all over the dress the I made and have to wear and get away with it.
I have the worst headache ugh
I like how you are thinking.
How Much FUN.
ya I knw
yeah buddy
you are lovely! :)
Wow, cannot believe all the ice and snow we are getting in Albuquerque, New Mexico. I know my Albuquerque folks are loving it!
I expect too much from people. I gotta realize that I'm on a whole 'nother level.
Ah, okay. I assume you've already thought of the low-hanging fruit like some of Feynman's books.
5 rings in 10yrs dude was a beast at his time. But don't it make u respect the hell outta Jordan too, he beat all the best
Hello, fellow Rookie! :)
We are at our Official Bar on Main St in Carson, drinking off the loss. Join us if your in the area.
when the bartender kisses me and says he's been waiting for me......time to move?
Can't wait to make an appearance at Orioles fanfest and see all the praise I get from our fans.
Got Dry Socket. The Fn Worst!!! Can't wait to get back to work and taste anything but clove(medicated dressing)!
I am the biggest Lady GaGa fan...that girl can really sing her ass off
sounds like GREAT handball
..at music camp studying Brazilian music and compositions...looking forward to producing some jamming remixes...=) <3
I'm glad to know he thinks he is the decision maker of the GOP. Perry is trending up and Santorum down.
So true RT : Just because it ended, doesn't mean it failed. ~ Alan Cohen
It's a beautiful day here in #ABQ!
Hey Cousin! I hope you are doing well. :D
Math in Public Documents Masterfile: 27% Probable: Estimating Whether or not Large Numbers are Prime, 2001 from
in the bath
Games cancelled tonight ..come out to looney's for some free beer .. first kegs on us!!!
Just another month til I hear that voice.
Just bought my ticket for the Sex Summit, held Oct 27 in #SF - can't wait to hear the sexperts speak!
painting shirts.
Nice...keeping it real on the tarmac. That's right.
does fullsail need a twitter correspondent from PAX east this weekend? I wouldnt mind doing it as a service for my school
Soo sad for the finale of RHOBH! hello to boring mondays now! haha love them all! xoxo
chase your dreams. believe in ya self!!
Holding my alert for one more day, still need to get some dd done!
I work tonight babe
My great thanks! RT Now reading: ' "The Nighttime Novelist"
NICE!!! What time do you think you will be by! Would love to meet you!
that's right.....make lil Jimmy cry Truth....Cena isn't half the wrestler you are.....
let's go party madafakas
When #WV cities were banning #fracking everyone was tweeting about it. Now that cities are rescinding #drilling bans the tweeps are silent.
WHY am I not getting texts
"if I die before before I wake I know the lord my soul will take"
Ha! Yeah, I guess that's true! Look at me: I move out of state and I go straight off the chain!
Oh my god, why are they drilling so early in the morning?
My bib number for the New York City Marathon is 11-201 (11201). Now, let's go have some fun!!!!!
I hope this hot weather is a continuing trend! And the sun too :-)
If you wouldn't make her a Wife, Then don't make her a Mother.
which is awesome cause theyre gonna pick Barron and im gonna get the tix
Thank God I no longer have to deal with
yea the reds getting annoying to take care of
This is so true....
listended to 's new song young about a thousaund times today love it love how gareth and ny is in it :D
Today is a day of reckoning here at Hellsgate. We have a LENGTHY "Production To-Do List," and most of the due dates are 12/13...
But of course!
Unofficial transcript from PAWS is what you should submit. These are great questions - keep them coming... Applications due 10/28/10.
5 Days until opening night!!
Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence
So these are the times that try the entrepreneur's soul. Must. Keep. Faith.
fall back lmao I'm just enjoying a nice movie
I'm slightly upset you're not referring to me in that last tweet
But what I *really* wanted to buy was a replica of that 70s dollhouse. Hint hint, !
Highschool Is AMAZING!! (:
starts in 2 hours! Are you coming?!
Don't know but would make me sad, esp after eating Cai's miserable XLB last weekend.
A7: You just have to show kids that food that is healthy can also taste great.
Good Morning!! Look like Atlanta is going to have more rain, more road closes, and more flooding... I never seen anything like this in G ...
I am doing great, thank you! You take care!
here on twitter again
I like that this Tweet was link-free...
MY JOURNEY WAS LONG, BUT I FEEL LIKE IT$ JUST GETTING $TARTED!
Holy weather, we going to do everything in our power to keep games on this weekend.
Chaim Weizmann~ A law is something which must have a moral basis so that there is an inner compelling force for every citizen to obey.
is #WifeyMaterial had an amazing weekend :)
The adult art seems kind of immature, and the kid art is too dark. The teen art reminds me of an Apple ad. Sigh.
acá raza: Friday May 11. 24thSt Bart. "I'm going to College!" Informational activities for youths who wants go to college.
if the firing of a football coach gets you to a protest before politics, please kill yourself. #toomuch?
Can't wait... 38 days until the Cloud Expo. Looking for great solutions to bring to the government marketplace!
so I get an assist for this follow
RT : Q4: What do you look for when signing up for a race? Entry fee? Reputation? Size?
I'm pretty sure it is.
At my cousins house crazy people.
Dear ABC, Pan Am was a good show. Screw you guys.
Good morning! The TJMS is on! Tune in and turn it up!
almost feeling better.... almost. haven't left my bed in 3 days
Awesome! Let's catch up soon!
I *knew* there was something I was forgetting :)
I know right! So random! I'm good! Just working, auditioning & trying to see more shows. How about yourself? :)
I can't make u love me if u don't. I can't make your heart feel something that it won't.
on my to do list I have "buy your self a red bull"
#libraryschool peeps you've disappointed me. So few of us at
Providing some holiday cheer today-cookie buffet & signing cards for the troops!
Haha i have the worste shaped head! i will not shave it by myself again
Who eva i follow should follow me bac lol but rn/s
Looking forward to Light Up Night, but not looking forward to where they moved my Bus Stop to. At least it'll be brighter when I'm lost! :-)
well that #obviously makes sense as to why I didn't understand.
Pack up & head over to the Hort now for the 2012 NYASLA Opening Reception & Design Awards Presentation Ceremony from 6-8 tonite - C U there!
Sometimes I like Google.
Sometimes you can't win a swim meet without putting some gold bond on your nuts
it's kind of quiet. Probably not much suspense tonight. Seems like many are saving their energy for the big one on June 5.
Congratulations to BeeBee and Bailey on All Conference! Love you guys!
Nearly 8:30 pm and just getting on Twitter. No wisdom to impart. Will have to look for some here.
Maybe I'm amazed at the way you love me all the time
Tonight I'm going to read in front of a nice fire in the fireplace. You?
keep playing hard and dunking it ppl faces, can't wait till u do it to Kobe LOL
everyone loves new haircut! even the guys at my school said "It makes him look less gay" wich for a hater is an improvement
There are rumors that more dates are going to be released. It would make life less stressful if we knew for sure.
Commentator: Some kids see prison as not a stigma. How do we break that? Families must make changes to attitude.
Can I get ur email so I can send u screenshots of the problems I'm having? See my message to you on AngelList. Thanks.
"my kick game is World Cup"
no kidding, we can make that happen- and I have samples and some attempts from '05
OH, NOW WE'RE USING CAPITALS?!
So they sing footloose and there's no julianne hough or Kenny wormald dancing...smh
Time for a good
Im ready for practice todayy
check my facebook. Email is:
Each area that Darrell will ride through will be encouraged to host local events, fund raising rides, & a "Ride with Darrell" auction
Cafe Escapes Chai Latte is one of my favorite afternoon treats! RT Anyone have a favorite K-Cups flavor or brand?
everywhere n back but I just can't remember it all wat am I doing wat I'm a dong I'm living life rite now n this is Wah im a fo til its over
Hey Dan! Miss you! Hope all is well. :)
RT : I wear my heart up on my sleeve like a big deal
Ah yes, those long term planning tasks :-p (rubbing alcohol might take it off)
Hit and run crash in downtown Austin sends one woman to the hospital, deadly shooting off Avery Ranch. Lots to cover this morning.
Grant writing is on tap for the next couple of days. And then, for a change of pace, more grant writing. Whee!
Wonders if 635 will ever be traffic free during the lunch hour...taking me 30 minutes to go 4 miles.
Yep, twitter can be linked to Google sites too.
Finish this sentence: When I'm stressed I...
it's times like right before i meet friends for lunch that i realize i forgot to wash off my "bruise"
Bills or Giants, straight up
She's cryin' now, but she'll laugh again.
Lunch is cancelled today due to rain!!sorry folks!
Never forget your values and priorities because sometimes in this life you will need them!
>6000 times the #GOP has tricked the American people into the lie of "trickle down". Rich people buy CHEAP, sell dear.
gaga the reason why Born This Way is a big hit is because thats an amazzing song(: i love that song alot(:
I really regret not buying that Hello Kitty coin purse... :/.
My Hero JESUS CHRIST has Risen!!! What a Glorious Day! Happy Easter everybody!
great show
Ever try working out while high? Face meet treadmill. Swag~~
working on developing an all natural shampoo formula. Any suggestions?
Well done! This is good news for San Rafael.
I'm gonna make a HUGE wish at 11:11.
"Homeboy wore combat boots to the beach." #thehills #JustinBobby I think I have a problem...
nah I have to
In case you didn't know Margina Graham Parker is a STAR! you might not know the name but know the book count - BESTSELLING AUTHOR!!!
Is everyone prepping for the rapture practicing a giant flash mob where at the end they do jazz hands and expect to disappear?
been feeding the stray cats in my neighborhood, they are so cute :)
#NP Hurt / Johnny Cash
Acting is not about being someone different. It's finding the similarity in what is apparently different, then finding myself in there....
She's delusional. It was her stupid agreement w/ the unions as well as her attacks on Peg L years ago. All in for Barrett now!
I actually finished a Chapstick before losing it
CUTEST MIXED FAMILY AND CUTEST HIPSTER GAYS ON THIS TRAIN
right now we( katt and will) are retweeting the awful turds that are on our timeline due to team auto follow back or w/e
the #NavyYard// NJ AVE metro escalator is constantly squeaking. Any clue when it might be fixed?
Alf subscribes to Ms. Magazine.
gimmie one good reason to back that up.. cause im bout to put u in the hater category for that lol
that does it...fried rice for sure this weekend!
yeah same. I like being home but I miss everyone from Tally. and our new apartment #winning !
hey bro do you have skype?
the next time is in a city near you we suggest that you go check them out!
Happy monday everyone! Have a sweet and spooky day :)
it sounds hilarious, but I'm sure it was NOT. Thinking of you, !
Think today's ride is going to be on the trainer tonight while watching Amazing Race and MadMen.
Now on Maury: Ricky...you know you cheated on your wife..& you know..oh okay..1 out of 2...
hes an actor and singer
I did twelve "men's" pushups today, after my cardio workout!
Tweet us your pictures of Chicago House's spring brunch and fashion show and we'll RT them!
Watched Boardwalk Empire Season 2 finale on demand tonight. Surprise plot twists, brilliant writing, inspired acting. Emmies await!
Great! Your welcome, have a good weekend!
I have proof that there's gonna be a nova in the sky on dec 21 2012 ! With some good luck that could be the end !
What what!! RT : I'm following 420 people.
My juicer spewed bright red beet juice all over my new shirt I ordered off Piperlime. White girl problems.
Eat healthy, stay active, be smoke-free & get regular check-ups to help fight heart disease.
okay, say what you will but I think she's just being a big faker! ;) She's been known to be a drama queen. hehe -I'm jk
Angie Liboy is a Smexy bitch now and forever all good now
Only got 2hrs of sleep ...so I hve no clue y in not napping
Good morning! :)
is hot shtuff.
I suddenly have an intense urge to reorganize my closet.
Thank you, Elise Cantu! I appreciate you!
Try the new frozen hot chocolate, it was hot, then we froze it!
Tip on surviving cold winters in SD: New Posting "Quilty as Charged" on my San Diego Home/Garden blog: www.sdhg.us
I'm at Steinbeck's in Oakhurst. Stop by, jerks.
“: have fun! Wish I could be in two places at once”. Me to :(
but that's through the freaking week
Bout to get the day started hit the gym then work
Great day to be a gunner!
NO, PEOPLE CAN'T FIND OUT ABOUT CHER TOO.
who jammed tonight IYHO ??
It's a small world. More positivity and A LOT less negative please, goes a long way
hey sridhar, holding strong at about a 10 (on a good day). how is all with you? are you still in chicago? what are you up to?
OH: I'm afraid of tall people, what if they fall on me?
I thought I was the only one that felt this way... Glad I'm not alone RT Water tastes so nasty.
Well done, Off to Turner!
I like the way he smiles , I know he likes my style together we would be super fly ; he goes the extra mile he makes it worth while ..
This just came up in conversation the other day. Miller crosses people over from the high post & goes to the rim now (slowly).
From Rob (5a): Dense Fog Advisory for Miwaukee metro. Storms this morning and again later today. High:78
Bummer...but a great season. Many thanks to SPORTING KC for giving it their all.
Been singing &' bumping 's music all day ! :)
thanks! Appreciate it
#NowPlaying Gavin Bryars's "I Send You This Cadmium Red"
Baby it's cold outside just got stuck in my head. Help!
Just walking down the street in Boston and I run into Shane Battier.
Revolution is the key to every mans success
I never really liked Janis Joplin or Demi Moore.
What am i supposed to say to that? your my good close friend.
I don't think it's all like that, but my eye is drawn to past. The Falls were AMAZING. Like so beautiful I almost crashed the car.
Also fuck brandon boozer
Kid. You are annoying.
I commend you for saying that on the air.
made it home safe man thanks!
- Sorry I missed it earlier in the week but I wanted to extend my congratulations on your move to SAP. Take Care ...
Members Cards are being sent out now! Huge card coming tonight. 4 MLB and 2 NBA playoffs. Today's card is 20$ or 50$ for the week! Email me
We have 1 more Monday, 1 Tuesday, 2 Wednesdays, 2 Thursdays, and 1 Friday left of school! :D
That's a repeat. And wouldn't count because the single is the event that would matter.
I don't care when the last time we talked was, if you tell me
So very VERY wrong. I like it.
enjoyed today's article, Brady is a beast, but Tebow certainly had a special season.
Shooting promo video today! Should be fun and hopefully I get to taste test some of the food after!
Had fun last night at the #FranCamp Tweetup, though admittedly did little tweeting! Today is all about #franchise. Can't wait!
In saint Francis seeing my niece and nephew for there end of the year lunch
I know you feel the same. I know it!
Good W tonight!
Calling All Wizards fans: One day until our pre - game party!! Come join us to cheer on the WIzards as they take on the Philadelphia Union!
that awesome feeling of how gangster you after rapping your favorite part of a song and not messing up
Jim Leyland "You wait until after you do something before you start talking about [being considered a] great team"
Leave your phone on vibrate, that's what I do until I am ready to deal with mine. Haha
Typically speaking, Hondourous immigration law allows for visas to be given for a total of six months
Can't beat an event hosted by Satan himself. Go see Satan Live!
Do you go to any good #education conferences in the fall? Most seem to happen in June. Any tips appreciated!
We need to talk.. #ignoredtextmessages *uhuh bitch I'm not fallin for that one*
I'm trying to be curmudgeonly. Not coming across too well?
Facebook Feed still won't connect since Sunday... just saying
good job on Friday hun! You have my number. Have fun in canada.
The Scientist commercial on awards was AMAZING!
Me too! RT : I need to go see all the 80's rock star concerts before they are all dead.
And mommy has the bvlgari on her arm size 28 robin's
How is yhur day going?!?
=( wish I could have made it, but I spent hours at Abels already today =\
Christmas has come and gone but we're running our gift card deal until the new year... come spend $40 and get $50 at Blue C!
that's great! lol
Why not just shoplift?!
“: I must admit I am developing quite a crush #GoSuns #TimeToRise #SunsVsHornets” >> true story!
Feel like I need to work out to wind down....geez...sleep is going to elude me tonight...already tell
running Duh lls
Run like hell 5k! Great race! ": What's happening tonight in #Cincinnati?"
New tracks coming soon!! Keep a eye out this week
#Evonik work night winding down. It's nice and quiet working 12 hour nights. Gives me lots of time to think of creative ideas.
My minds ambition is to b free ^_^
BELENY was up:D
The ultimate measure of a man isn't where he stands in moments of comfort & convenience but...at times of challenge & controversy.MLK Jr "63
Happy Friday! We hope y'all have a great weekend!
The wisest of the wise may err.
You can't keep striving to fill a void and pretending it's making you happy. At the end of the day, none of those things matter.
Sounds good....
True! I learned the hard way.
A social media literacy: be able to curate a list (RSS feed, Facebook list, Twitter list, etc) for topic & resource discovery
And NC State is out. At least it wasn't a bad game.
well, my little cousin can read music but cannot play anything but the piano..
Tacos used to be "America's food" until the Mexicans stole them.
LETS GO BARCELONA!!!!!
And voting cross-party? Why don't the absent reps complain? Word needs to be spread about this shit.
Can't help but think Escape from New York is a metaphor for Reagan "rescuing" the Presidency from Carter.
We need to catch up! So far behind right now...
.. Woahh, It's your birthday? Happy Birthday! :D
Shower then take notes...
woo happy bday jess!! we can see from those beautiful flowers that you must be getting spoilt!
RT : Big thanks to all of my star friends for helping me out tonight! Love you all!
Overheard: "This is Boards of Canada." "So this designer is automatically awesome."
still have lots of time to plan it
I hate new fans. Sorry I'm happy for them but they just ruin my life.
I love the Nike Pointe shoe. But I was always a rebel ballerina. With my 2tone leotard&printed tights. LOL
Want to share us? is an excellent to spread the love: just click the button at the bottom of a story you like. Thanks!
Cannot believe the traffic in Eastlake right now bc of the American Idol event...
there goes the iPhone spell check again
Thanks. You rock!
followed! :D
Paper Aeroplanes - Multiple Love - Electric Banana
Unappreciated ingredients mixing up in big bowl w/ a beer...delicious
Haha, anyone else not doing #movember because of #jobinterview?
hey jordan its me mary aka iamsporty657, please follow me back. =)
Feels nice to not worry so much... For now
Bet i can out think a hard worker.... Grind Smarter...
will be at the tomorrow. excited to bringthe yummy croissants to the people.
Diamond Comics got to #TF12 with only a poster about the #angrybirds doodle books: every copy sold out already
thanks for the Birthday wishes! Have a great day!
Looks like the Supreme Court is going to question Obama's citizenship and his birth status for the Presidency. Too much "smoke and mirrors".
Thx. B.O. must NEVER be impeached. It would validate him as a legal Prez. Deported IS good!
oh it is...fighting a food coma at the moment and the wine isn't helping, but it is oh so delightful :)
The way you think, the way you behave, the way you eat, can influence your life by 30 to 50 years.
Yay! You're going to have a blast! RT Thanks for the info about MiX. I'm coming to celebrate my big 3-0. :)
Now i understand y students become patients before becomin docs !
20 miles from Cleve...any chance u can leave 2 tix for my wife and I at Will Call...Nov Rain was our long as hell wedding song!!
What type of courses do you generally run? Wilderness First Responder?
none... i jsut had regular snacks... i need that luxury home cookin type shit
Eric Chavez has been cleared to participate in baseball activities. He's just awaiting word on being cleared by
people have been reporting that for awhile now, at least the game doesn't say "now loading" every tag!
S/O TO D.J MONEY STOPING THE KID AT THE LIGHT.. ASKING FOR THAT #MONEYTRAIN I WAS IN THE WIFE CAR SO I SAID ITS AT DTLR
my time line just got filled with somebody crazy re tweets.lol
I just bought myself a copy of Special Collections 2.0 at #ACRL2011! :)
had no idea that was u sucka
Thinks im special.. :) Bc i havent met him yet <3
- Just watched your movie. I've been in the music biz for 20+ years & you are a true talent. Keep it up...
Baidu launched a new Android-based mobile platform called Yi, which means easy in English..
Mayer Hawthorne - Green Eyed Love
Love it Brother!!! Since you sent the Bat signal, I will come running to save the day!!! Lol
Usher, Kelly Clarkson, Linkin Park and Nelly Furtado to Perform at Billboard ... - Hollywood Reporter
From Princess Diana to Kate Middleton: Famous Royal Wax Figures Around The World (PHOTOS)
Attn painters: the starry night sky has reached its limit as a subject. Please find something else to paint!
you lie!
Lmfao RT : I bet the first guy to ever drop a bar of soap in jail was like " Whoa", Didn't see that coming.
I don't like getting on instagram on Thursday's. Tbt's are annoying. No one cares about your photos as a child.
hahah I'll try thanks for telling me though seriously I had noo idea
ayy alex were here for you kay? <21
Jody Rosen: Ray Charles singing America the Beautiful was signifying; Whitney Houston singing national anthem was voice of nation.
"This is the best thing." - Guy who invented sliced bread.
stop tweeting and get on stage. >: D
Apology: the Reorb.it site is down right now because our server provider is doing major maintenance. Sigh.
Andrew Bennett is a phenomenal singer/songwriter! Check out his acoustic set if you got some time!
im so jelious:)
can youu please please follow me ? iam a huge fan ! <3 ilyy
Reppin new topsliders and a tan. #summer has arrived!
More Coffee Please!!!
Sure to tune to for the call of Wheelock basketball. Av'l thru the Wheelock site!! Again apologies to our listeners!
loved the new blog!!
alright hunniie. Wht time yu usually wake up in the morning?
I feel like Trending Justin Got Swag please help me TREND>>> JUSTIN GOT SWAG!!! :D
Which is why Kris is on Facebook and not the #jets draft team.
Courage is the most important of all virtues, because without it we can't practice any other virtue with consistency
The morning WALK AND TALK's have been a blessing. Seriously people..if you are in NYC on the UWS...you gotta wake up its BEAUTIFUL!
We can make that happen!
I read something recently that compared Facebook to AOL of the 80s and 90s, companies bought into AOL, because it gave them access
hm...will have to 0put on my calendar, altho I may be knee deep in labeling 3600 bottles of syrup!
or it's new because it is improved?
thanks for having us boomer.
headed to a meeting about the #quantifiedself. Nerdily excited.
I'm bored!! Someone tweet me..(:
hahaha! That made me laugh out loud.
Hey, window seat.
R.I.P. #DickClark! You will be missed! Thank you for showing America white people can't dance
ya my boy Joseph told me
WHEW just headed off minor mutiny when teachres found out not eligible for overtime when on sick leave
Requested that an additional data field be added to Washington, DC's #open311 API feed, 3 days later it was added! #opengov and fast
All those crazy things you said, you let them running through my head.
Mom said we were going 2 urgent care 2 get an x-ray of my wrist & now she's sitting on the couch watching the real housewives of NJ...WTF?
I'll be back at the end of the month and I would love to live there again someday. So don't forget about me!
Drive by death threats, with
i wil dm justin for u then
I wish I had seen all of the movies nominated for best picture. Guess its too late now? I still vote Midnight in Paris.
Excited to get to work organizing
Thx!!RT : I will be following them in a second and you too! :-)
Ing u. You think we're all brats. Why do u stay? To just scream at us for Our mistakes? I ask one thing for Babysitting while I'm sick I
Thanks for the follow Charles!
Your lying right your like so funny and amazing I know like almost all your videos by memory ^.^ follow me?
Novas fotos publicadas por Joe Jonas no ... - Jonas Brothers Brasil
im srry yes u might like me but pshh il noe when i can get in trouble with ur ex's
Thanks ! Mark Fiege just saw his book, THE REPUBLIC OF NATURE, on a New in Nonfiction table in downtown DC! Happy author...
Sometimes it's so hard 2 sit still and see injustice all around. Makes me want 2 scream but instead I can cry out 2 God!
I saw you in Divided We Stand, and I agree about your remark. "People of Color, is the SAME thing as saying Colored People."
its going to be GLORIOUS.
*sigh* Wish I got a follow or shoutout or something but whatever it's fine...I'll keep trying :(
I have barely tweeted today, I'm so proud :'D
I think this marks my official retirement from playing golf
Nope. Nothin but sincerity. (But I understand if you think I'm about only sacarcasm & snark. :) You're not only one w/ that take.)
I want a person who comes into my life by accident, and stays on purpose.
. contrasts freeworlddialup w/skype. lesson re asking forgiveness vs. permission. [but sometimes forgiveness v. expensive]
Change is inevitable except from a vending machine
so fly lil mama
He loves me, this I know for sure!
we have a toastmasters meeting...looking forward to it..stop by the website and come check us out
Amazing wife alert! I am very thankful for you!
Get ready for that last minute shopping parking mayhem.
bitches with a few Goals! J cole!
Left Fist = Hospital Right Fist = Cemetery
Great night! RT : [Los Angeles] Tonight | & at PLAYHOUSE | It's a BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION
thanks! I still have a few months left on my AT&T contract.. is there any sort of incentive to switch earlier? I'd have $120 ETF
just heard you are off to Venice!
Hi Joe! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!
And this girl in my class is wearing the same heals I wore this weekend dt.
Watch out for sprinklers!!! Dale just dodged it... but he told me you got nailed.
Tim tebow should run for president
Hello protein shake, its been a long time. Be kind to me.
I have PSTD from being sexually assaulted by a neighbor, who was also part of theFox Island child porn ring. I finally spoke 2 yrs
I can't wait till April 20th! Oh God please make these days go faster...
I kinda dig it...
oh I know right! :o lolol I have no room to talk xD but my fat doesn't hang over >.< eww.
Thank YOU for the chance to see this great footage in the U.S., as well.
The mind is its own place, and in itself Can make a Heav'n of Hell, a Hell of Heav'n. ~ John Milton
Indeed! Loving the optimism! RT. is a busy man! He will be back soon to grace our stage!
Fergie worst dressed. Giant doily dress. Awful.
why does the entire shoe look like shoe laces?
wish I could have made it
Work and then a quiz... while all my friends are at the bar... not my idea of a good St. Patrick's day.
Don dropping some french
Some people just need to learn when to keep their mouth shut.
#delilah was not amazing, but they were decent.
Lost the other half.
What lessons could you think of with QR codes? I'm trying one with storytelling as a scavenger hunt. Have you done this?
First open mic night last night at Perks and Corks, Westerly, RI! so much fun :)
Its not your face...its me.
Is Rick Santorum advocating egalitarianism?
Miranda Kerr is near perfect!
In one single moment your whole life can turn round. I stand there for a minute staring straight into the ground.
Washed the car to find out its suppose to rain tomorrow lol
haha really? Well thanks bud!!
Thanks! Happy Weekend!
Monday nights = Fun nights 's
I know. This clip had me at George Carlin, Super 8mm, juxtaposed with high contrast black and white. Good work never goes out
never making that mistake again. Shure for life!
born and raised in illinois but there's only so much shit you can put up with which is why I got out hahaha!!!!!!!
Go Bopper & Mark!
what did he tell her to do
Newsmax just posted that Newt Gingrich is backing Barack Obama's mandate that every American purchase Health Insurance.
Since its Howards graduation weekend guess I will see lots of graduates at work tonight.
Hi Hooligan! You are so Frikikikiki talented! I also love the E-Panda piece. Please follow back. Thank you <U+2665>
ah you're coming back so son! I should be sleeping right now but im studying for finals instead..miss you! See you soon! xo
I would of been hitting up old heads for mine gotta get it how you live
our friendship is on hiatus until you do so.
The way we choose to see the world creates the world we see.
such a great night! I'm still buzzing from it. So many great conversations! Thanks.
Spring is here, what's on your agenda for Easter?
Nice! He's no Pujols but I think longterm he could be better than Jones....
Happy 6 month anniversary and ! Hope you had a good one!
What?! This can't be true....
the assessments and reviews coming in from our iPad pilot for faculty are so encouraging/complimentary! so exciting!!
oh sorry :(
I am about to be on the Doni Glover Show for a few minutes. WOLB. Listen in!
nah dnt care to kno ya....enjoy ur show bottom
Cinco de Mayo celebrates the Mexican victory over the French at the battle of Puebla...Today is not Mexican Independence day(Sep 16)!
Circumstances/put soul in me - Gnarles Barkley
thats so cute! (:
Thanks for the follow! Am I your first follower??
Now that I think about, I got rejected 3 times at Payton. Once freshman year and twice sophomore year lmao.
good food, but oh, so many calories!
U Comin Bro??
The awkward moment when you finish your work and there's still an hour left in class
Follow, follow, follow, follow...follow the GAR girls! (sung to Wiz of Oz theme song)
If you could hack anyone Facebook account, whose would it be and why?
ewww don't be thinkin bout him!!!!!
okay read it...WOW is all I can say
I think I might do that(:
Omg 100% of convo in new Orleans so far is either fantasy football or politics. Fml
oh i didnt know i thought you were in the hospital not your mom. i hope things get better for them Cody
isn't paris amazing?!
You need to follow me
In new York! I need a place to throw my bag for few hours who's around and wants to chill?!?!
could use a good thunderstorm...
then i said smh , bye !
Yes got all my GCSE options! :D.
I'm hurt.
yep,totally agree w/ u!!!
Love their fondues!!
thank you<3
American airlines "hopes to unload around $8 billion in pension obligations into a govt agency". See how the free market works..total bs
I'm sure you can do it. Try harder!
DickyApple Thanks for the follow!
Where have i been? Making Ped pals, Making fun, yummy smelling foot scrubbys, to help relax those tired worn out holiday shoppers feet.
So incredibly true. #BestShowOnTV !!!
Let's Go Jets!!! Game time!
I just got hit on by a UFC figrertp
Why do you think u got for Christmas?
Make sure that when you have your vehicles Automatic Transmission Serviced, the pan is removed and the filter is changed. Not always done!
Couldn't agree more! I was early opponent of #SOPA and am sponsor of alternative OPEN Act.
I just got 2 extra points for checking in on Foursquare because the world didn't end. Yippee!
#3WordsToDescribeMe going to hell
Needed a mental break, watched an episode of Portlandia. Haven't laughed that hard in a while.
Duration: 60 minutes: 45 minutes of presentation, 15 minutes of Q&A
As a member of the overshare generation, I find it challenging not to gripe about a crap day in the office. Consider it implied.
Who wants to do somethin?!
I love our Cats, but I've always been an NBA fan over all other leagues. has always found that amusing.
awesome! Oh the memories it brings back!
And I may be tweet-walking but it's the day dreaming older gentleman who just strolled out in front of 2 lanes of traffic.
Have Deez Females Bow Down To dey Kneez & Kiss My Black Adidas While They Lick On My UnderArmour Socks
no problem with that!
RT #Goog+ is less about social and more about having people use their full circle of apps: think collaboration
nice pick with Lamichael James! Been watching this guy kill it with UofO for a minute.
- seriously, the iPad app is HORRIBLE. Please fix it's buffering issues. I'm on a Corporate network, so doubt it's me.
lol I really do -.-
killed it on ! Straight genuine!
Much more entertaining than Giants/Falcons
Oh, am I being a bitch? Sorry I'm not the broken-hearted girl you wanted me to be.
Yes, they are available in growlers - come thirsty! RT : sounds amazing! Available in growlers?
Drama between parents stunts a childs growth. Raise your kids right...not meant to be easy, but soo worth it.
I am just a girl after all...
Dnt worry be happy
hey! I perked up a little when I heard my name in #ttwebinar! More in-depth article on the SD/Wyoming project coming soon in AL
: Super special awesome ;P
Have you upgraded your work attire and need to get rid of your gently used old clothes? Donate them to our YBGB Professional Clothing Drive!
People in the burbs don't know how to drive. Just honk your horn, flash your brights & flick a couple people off. That'll do.
You should be happy!! Is it any different from the Korean album?
I love being on the phone with julianne and just ranting
GET RAPED
My baby is so supportive of every decision I make #amIdreaming!
#WTFWasYouThinking when you died your hair green? O.o
I believe we have found our drummer. got all my recording equipment and we are ready to get to song writing (:
in Norman Rockwell heaven
Happy Birthday :)
#hgsaconf which comes first race or language?
Did it hurt when you fell from the whore tree, and banged every guy on the way down?
slow internet <<
Good Morning, Thank u God. On my grind Work Hard, Play Hard. This is all I know.
Remember that you can read an excerpt of Pasadagavra on my blog. It won't be up for much longer, so go check it out!
amen. I'll lift a glass in the new year with you to affirm that!
And now I start watching the clock
When you become a member of Dude I Hate My Job you're going to have full access to all my step-by-step videos
I'm not at home atm D:
So far very interesting. I like that it's told in the first person, but I have a feeling this narrator is unreliable :)
Mortgage Rates in U.S. Increase for First Time in Four Weeks
Lookin at you = nightmare!
O boy would you mind if i got closer O boy i can tell you want me dontcha;* Leighton Meester &Stephen Jerzak;p. <SoFar,SoGood;*>
For some reason my phone didn't charge :(
I think a product should be able to sell itself.. but one can't lose focus of brand -
Pasco residents; 15 minutes before some heavy rain and gusty wind
Hey Jarrett! Thanks for following us. See you soon!
words of wisdom. play to win. RT If you can't be the best, then make that a hobby and choose something else.
good morning jayne and friends happy thursday
Scott van pelt is hands down the best anchor on sportscenter
My man is sick, drank too much... o well he knows better.
Im always right. #jk try not to miss me too much.
JULIAN. we LAV YOU! <3 Follow? Please? Pretty please?!(:
Thanks for the shoutout! It was a pleasure to meet you.
AARP Tax Assistance is being offered every Friday in March at the Centre Branch at 10am for those with low to moderate income.
What was their reasoning? Traffic congestion? Sounds odd.
I get it, though. I am highly photogenic myself, though homely as hell in person.
same babe
I never realized that Craft and Commerce was so busy on Tuesday nights. Very cool.
yeah basically is that a problem for you? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
One might as well watch "Children of the Corn." I'm not so sure those kids weren't possessed anyway.
You had me at hello.
the sun is still out! open a curtain! lol
We at Verdugo Hills Autism Project want to welcome you to Twitter and we look forward to following your tweets! Best wishes!
I have to learn to make me happy
OK.. I think I am making some progress.
I would say "advocate" instead. or transformist??? Activist does have a different emotion tied to it.
What classes can prepare you for outdoor summer sports?
Thank you, Buddy Shadid for sharing memories of your son 's with on
I haven't even kept up! ha! I've either been really busy or have developed a short attention span.... probably the 2nd one :)
Thanks for shopping! Enjoy the new mat :)
I've had my evacuation bag ready for years... You can freak out if you wanna.
#SlaveToThePavement music video premiere tonight
Build to scale! Leveraging parallel computing with #CRM2011 entities for modeling and storage;
Discrepancies exist in laws relating to #onlinegambling w/r/t the #EU and it's member States. Creates user uncertainty.
Peforms & hosts w/ & on Fri the Main Stage @ W Plaza @ Miami Marlins game 5-7P w
Todays best toys at the best prices, check it out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
Studies have proven that Twitter and Facebook have the same addictive qualities as cocaine and cause similar chemical reactions in the brain
What is the opposite of celery?
I just wanna snuggle with someone and watch a movie, is that so much to ask for?! Haha
#BlueKoi tofu: Made with awesomeness and magic.
Jamaal will go to the line for 2 FTs. The #Aztecs have pretty much sealed this victory. It's 72-66 with 18 secs left.
RT : I always make up scenarios that will never happen.
Wow it's been kind of a pain but finally unfollowed everyone that unfollowed me!
lol chill but why you mad ?
thanks for the heads up! keep sending us info!
Oh i knew it. As soon as I saw the way D. Rose landed on the ground, I KNEW it was ACL tear. Out for the season. Dammit
Yeah, me too.
They may have announced, but I'm not moving on till draft night.
taking the day off <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Happy Birthday ily kid!. Lol :D
Wassup champ what we lookin like?
For all we know, LBJ could've been told to pass it on the second to last possession. Regardless, he needs to take the shot there.
f*** it I'm a stick to my guns my money is my b****
“: Come on #horns. Texas fight!!” what's our deal?? C'mon Horns!!
I need to see you RT : LOL
At for another 3hrs- who's ready to make some bad decisions w/me and Krishna?!?
Writing goal this weekend: 4000 words! That *should* finish this draft. Yay!
At the cheese cake factory for the first time!!(:
what's temp like where you're at?
hi friend.
it better be a really, BIG candle!
Tell me how you like it babe
dragging feet? Mystery2me: #WI #swingstate #OBAMA2012? Thanks for contacting her. We appreciate the support so much
Sad to leave beautiful San Francisco. Thanks to & everyone else at USF for a wonderful visit.
L'SHANAH TOVAH TUCSON! WISHING YOU A YEAR FILLED WITH SWEETNESS AND JOY. FROM OUR FAMILY TO YOURS...
Emails, emails, emails... :( Boing
Understand the anger. Hell, I know little about Hughes honestly,but remember lots are undervalued (Brady) and overvalued (JRussell)
We're sure you will do just fine. It's only a matter of time before the money starts rolling in.
Is it just me, or is it harder & harder to keep up with the #GOP's lies?
how about...Jackalopes? I dunno if they do hot toddy or not, but they're awesome.
don't ask -___-
I love you!
I'd rather date Agt Cooper
Things happen for a reason. Name, Claim, Receive.
So awesome seeing my 7 year-old at the table this morning doing arts and crafts with her best friend instead of screen time.
thank you for making me feel better today <3
Great time shooting Washington Capitals vs Florida Panthers game. Thanks Capitols!
“:My Latin temper blows up pretty fast, but it goes down just as fast. Maybe that's why you seldom hear of ulcers in Latin Amer
When is the deadline to #donate?
Communication my friends, communication.
... props to Bud... did't say much but said a lot!
I also SIGH for the future of correct spelling.
I successfully attended a pub crawl yesterday and didn't have a sip of alcohol. No one feels better than me this morning!
:o green tea frappe please
Into Haunted Houses? www.BurghBargains.com has 30% off tickets to the best attractions. Cheeseman's Fright Farm, Bone Bash and Hundred Acres
Detlef Schrempf & the Microwave run circles around these guys. RT : Who's the best man off the bench? Reply with
Big fun! We play Omaha Summer Fest June 9. Great line up
New Distortion clip coming soon. Plus some news about showings and new promotional items. Thanks again for all of the support!
Party like a rockstar
These mandatory minimum sentencing laws in some of these backwards ass states need to be checked. Sorry #Marissa. Wrong color, wrong gender.
"When we get home, preparate."
Taylor Swift<3 is so sweet and nice!
All that I'm after, is a life full of laughter, as long as I'm laughing with you
just got back from my cousin's communion, now off to finish my history homework.. thanks for the fishtail braid! :)
Hey, man, they're pretty...I mean geeze, this team sometimes.
I wish edvard munch was in my fam just sold the scream painting for 120M at auction
Thanks for yesterday's RTs, everyone.
ZENDAYA makes everyone smile includeding me
I need to take my car to the car wash
Guess we should all just start tailing
I like the song Love you Like a Love Song from Selena Gomez and the Scene.It is fantastic
Yes Tyson Chandler, a kung-fu knee to the chest is still called a foul in the NBA... at least for now.
It took me six hours of work today to crack the opening three sentences of a new scene.
Every Thursday, FACEBOOK FANS receive a dollar off the price of the buffet for lunch & dinner.
The...Pajama Game, it's...the game we're in. Opening on Friday! Get tix here: bit.ly/33he11
So, while I was at church, my dog literally ate my freaking homework. Crap. #fml .
And I thought I was a bad driver...
Lol! Yeah, seems like u know where to hit me...lol
Wow and you're welcome! Thank you for the consideration.
OMG!!!! I cnt wait until 2nite! :D.
Haha!!! Oh, they are lucky I'm not there.
I can't wait for #ABDC to premiere on MTV.
George Bush~ I have opinions of my own - strong opinions - but I dont always agree with them.
It is, isn't it. Imagine walking through a graveyard with your smartphone. Makes for an entertaining afternoon.
y'all better watch what y'all put on fb...be for it come back on you like that dude that got jump by them cops...
Is it nice outside? I wouldn't know I'm stuck inside at work all day -.-
Districts tomorrow
I guess its time to be a big girl now..lol:-( ...
“: The most important things are the hardest things to say. - The Body #StephenKing #quote” reading it rite now :)
It was nice talking to my sister for a good hour on the phone.it was a blessing..we never talk becuz we are always working.but we text 247..
What's more Cinco de Mayo than a trip on the Erie Canal? Well, lots of things, really but tomorrow will be perfect. Join us!
I saw you rockin out @ the Epicenter Festival last Sat. You are an inspiration to all aspiring female drummers!! Loved the show!
we made the cut!
Got 2 bday cards and ballons left at my door and and hour later a bday cake. Hopefully 28 will be better than 27
I won't tell as long as you aren't going to vote for him ;-)
Yo Momma so ugly, even hello kitty said goodbye.
(I actually do like it)
thats a hot name
Back at it, rec time
I was happy a minute ago but now things changed back to being angry
YOLO- can't see em cause the money in the way
LAWD “: That's a hot mess on a cool winter day!”
ur getting old!!
- what?!?! it's just beginning for us Austinites! Free music!
Not utilizing today's technology is like having a working washing machine including power to run it but still washing clothes by hand.
HEY hi so uhmm anyone who wants to follow gets a shoutout! u just gotta let me know!
Crooney just said the same thing!
I've never liked Demi Lovato, but since I started listening to her, I lovee her music.
We're hoping the 2014 Healthcare Reform bill changes reimbursement, although it's a double edged sword
great quote! RT : Life is a series of thousands of tiny miracles. --Mike Greenberg
Why not have both? There are certainly lots of benefits (traffic) to being on Etsy.
WHOA! The power of the vote never fails to inspire!
LinkedIn Invites from people I never met and have no association with any person or business I know weirds me out.
nice to cover the titles with 1st Plat models is the same place pics R
workout day tomorrow!
Lazy under armor day 8)
What neighborhood did you live in when you were in Austin? I might be relocating so I am looking for info.
yeah I that from someone else too. Definitely gotta look into that. thanks!!
Good morning NYc! Today meeting The Wailing Film
I guess I'm finna goto sleep with the head phones in.<U+30C4>
Mastering 4 tracks for Dying Dreams right now. Did a 10-song CD for Berlin Airlift earlier today. Singles to! Things are busy 'round here!
girl don't forget I was fucked up 2 days in a row I didn't even recover from sat night
#SaySomethin Is PLAYING!!!
Thank you, Thank you :) What was the replacement for favorite movie?
of course, of course! LOL!
since Mr. Keller already follows me, why don't you DM me?(: hehe.(:
New discoveries
I use them, too. Also, undergrad research interns.
Hot town, summer in the city!!
Rofl! That fight was pretty epic wasn't it? :p
We're not done yet
it will u will see big bear moistness everywhere and for everyone
*love them
What are you guys wearing to TFW prom? LOL
I would advise they figure out what the customers want then make sure you consistently meet and/or exceed their expectations
Watching top 20 countdown. In Napa. I am so jealous. Music and vineyards. (And beautiful Jason Mraz song).
RT : I want to win the #MW2 Map Pack from #WePlayCoD!
Gonna go to the gym and do some HIIT training!! High Intense Interval Training...SO PUMPED!!!!
Holy shit the boys are going on tour for 2 years :o
The top 10 entries will be put up on our facebook, the one voted the #BESTENTOURAGE wins a #FinalCut Steakhouse GiftCert and Free VIP Booth!
tonight at Orchestra Hall!! 8pm show. Be there!
What is to be must be
Good morning everyone
and hopefully shoot the lights-out in the 2nd...
I cant wait!!! I am like really excited :) (saw your post on FB..)
It would take me over 90 minutes to get from my house in Hamilton to Penn Station, about 5 miles away. Stupid !
People who stand in front of empty seats on the bus are annoying.
To my players watching DEN v LAL: Watch 1 thing especially - Kenneth Faried every time a shot goes up. Knows how to position for rebounds!
League leaders sacrifice #CL for league titles: #manUnited #ManCity & #Barca #Madrid. Those out of race are in CL final:
Should be here, absolutely amazing conference!
Wrote several lines together and called it the UNIVERSE.
honestly i think ir nice no joke mahonie till the end but who did then?
What is the weirdest thing you eat? Mine is strawberry jelly with a slice of cheese on toast. Have you tried eggos with mayo?
Part I "If the soup was as warm as the wine, if the wine was as old as the turkey, if the turkey had breasts like the maid . . .
"Have you tried turning it off and on again?"
Landons PMR is now on Skype: "landonspmr" Call us with your questions! Peaceful Day All!
God damn, if one person could be that stupid, then six of them is like an Idiot Apocalypse.
Dog bathed. Now time for Thursday night on and
.. Tortellini En Brodo, Lasagna, Mostaccioli Alfredo, Mashed Potatoes/Gravy, Corn, Green Beans, Pasta Salad, Broccoli Salad...
RT Waiting for "Watch This!" episodes to come to youtube :) I used to want to be on the show <--Yes! Great idea! We'll do it.
Well I've probably had 40 beers and many shots throughout this weekend :) You should follow me again. Seriously Staci :)
can you send me the YouTube links for those videos ?
Today marks 6 mos from summer #olympics in London. 1 Billion people are expected to watch opening ceremony on 7/27/12
And no shortage of phenomenal #CLEfood - from West Side Market to all of Northeast OH's restaurants
Update to Drupal 7.14 should begin appearing shortly. Enjoy!
"We build too many walls and not enough bridges." ~ Sir Isaac Newton
I don't have too many friends...that doesn't bother me one bit.
I stand corrected...totally forgot about that!
Lol has anyone else noticed how every nail salon always plays court shows?
Alpine Valley would have been nice. Oh well
Happy First Day of Spring!
PS I'm about to send out some NET10 Dream Team Stuff... Get it ;-)
Detectives search for driver who fled fatal accident - KVOA Tucson News Detectives search for driver who fled fatal accident KVOA Tucson
can't even count how many times that stupid button has accidentally been hit!
Journey to what? A lifelong battle with obesity and bad tastes in restaurants? RT The journey begins here :-/ ('s)
I only follow the best of the best :) look forward to your tweets.
I Try To Be Cool Because It's Family..
RT If need more followers *Must Be Following Me*
time to find that pot o gold while the leprauchan is drinking lol
In preparation for CRP, I take inspiration from Jack Donaghy. “You are a LION, take what’s yours.”
Just checking on status of outage in Arlington, VA. Been out all night. Thanks!
About to start something arbitrary and capricious all up in this final.
If you can't just throw clothes on and still look fresh, you have no swag.
Get high and play gun with little kid
Diego Maradona when he coached Argentina.
whoa whoa whoa...easy on the ML. It keeps Wisconsin fueled! :)
Can you share 3 action-inducing words that you love to use in your headlines?
We share something in common.
Former #Boston #Worst winner giving people lousy service. You mistreat employees & now lousy customer service
true dat, or woman enough! bring it!
Merry Christmas Eve bestfriend! (:
I called on David Parker to resign and it didn't happen. Oh well I guess you, me, and everyone else will have to GET OVER IT!
Child abuse is it still a factor in the USA - YES !!!! you can help stop child abuse, read "I've Always Known", true story of child abuse
Women take alot of bs!
at first I thought u were writing a book. Book edit. Whoops.
I bought an iPhone today. Siri figured out what that rash that popped up is all about. Best purchase ever
The orioles replace guliani as mayor of new york
Gophers back at practice after Gary Tinsley tragedy - Minnesota Daily
When the creepy guy beside you at the red light lifts his eye brows at you <<<<
Everyone should have a Secret Santa during Holidays It Releases stress It lets the child in the adult, still have fun NO MATTER WHO YOU ARE
Hi - this weekend is a busy one. I'll just have to win the next trivia! :)
I don't know if she's a tomboy, but Imogene in Imogene's Last Stand is a great girl character.
Yeag, I'm not good at surfin' :/
You're far too kind! Great meeting you at the rally, hopefully I'll see you out on some more stories.
Got my AP exam today for Spanish. I'm gonna fail (y)
You cannot have fear and faith at the same time.
Next week is the last week of shows! If you can't make it due to school work, please email us at
Tune in tomorrow at 8am for an interview with Sean Pendergast from 1560 The Game.
Today is the KY Derby "They're Off!" Luncheon with keynote speaker, Erin Andrews. Will you be attending?...
I wanted to be the first woman to burn her bra, but it would have taken the fire department four days to put it out. - Dolly Parton
Am dwelling on the fact that I parted with Liverpool V Real Madrid tickets 4 2nites game 2 do preparation for sport psych work. Dedication!
you made it!
ahahah wait funniest thing i heard earlier today, "Its awesome when boys cry infront of you i love it!" freak
I promise I didn't
ooh they pulled it, just text 0+college name to 2653 and you get a confirmation back.
Is the #gottergauge a scoring mechanism that can be used outside of weather?
Heading into weekend 3 of MERCHANT after an incredible week up at Shakespeare Santa Cruz. We'll see you Friday ;-)
I just checked-in at Patrick's Auto Sales in MyTown2.
jst got done making some cake. Wht yu watching?
#erl12 strawn, our institutional repository rocks!
what does nf mean?
Any person who demands 30% interest a year is not a business man, he's a hog - a slimy hog - and we should put him out of business. [1943]
It's the home opener for the Pittsburgh Pirates! Join us at 9 for a bunch of baseball fun!
Hey all who visited the DECA table today at the Involvement Fair -- we'll be sending you an email soon with club information and links!
Being in the cafeteria makes me even MORE hungry :c
#slcwebinar Audio is fine
What's the app for android phones to upload videos to fb??
Whoa! I had no idea that you can do a pinch-to-zoom gesture in twitter on iPad. Awesome!
but the best part is its 50 degrees out. She has no business wearing wedges or a slutty dress
I'm glad our paths crossed again! Hope to see you again soon.
Happy Saturday !!! :) Hope your Well !!. xoxo I LOVE U!!! Hope you see this <3
There will be a game 5! Knicks beat the heat!
*night to remember
San Diego show @ Soma Nov.11th w/ Jeffree Star, It Boys, and Flight to Athena. We have presale tickets for only $12! Send us a message!!!
I'll help!
Thank you #FDIC for a great day. We'll see you in the morning.
you were right on!!!
I finally got the sumbitch. Apparently tweeting about it does the trick.
Just booked Rosie Clooney show in July at and we are looking forward to having fun at Pheasant Run!
no problem thanks for following as well.
I reached my following limit what the??? Your following like 1000 people and im only following 992 thats bunghole. .__.
IM HAVING A HARD TIME DECIDING WHAT HIGH SCHOOL I WANT TO GO TO. Hogwarts, PCA, or Hollywood Arts? Tweet me your picks!:)
I always wanted to see you both as A Tag team walking down to the ring managed by Your Dad
Ugh can people just stay out of my account and not cool at all
Don't know how to tell my friend that I love her :/
truth. Produce results or move on. Real world.
I love them whores! #Whores #JanesAddiction #FeelingPunchy A 24 year and counting love affair and incurable condition!
Ill remember all yall Lakers fan when OKC up by 30 later..
you are the best! Too funny
When I go to a bar, I don't go looking for a girl who knows the capital of Maine. - David Brenner
My brothers an asshole..
RT "are you aware of what's repeating in your head?" Just becoming aware of this dialogue that goes on inside is huge!
Awesome! Congrats on your new role at FAAN!
Perseverance is failing nineteen times and succeeding the twentieth.-- Julie Andrews
Dubai to Sell Southeast Asian Shipping Arm - Wall Street Journal
Sadly. Hopefully working the first two months then going to Europe for a month! Will I be seeing you around? :D
Put a little something in the mail to you today. Thanks for your support!
yes email me at
Daw. Nick I was bummed you weren't with them.. Next time!
Science if fine when it comes to microwave ovens and medications, but becomes quite inconvenient when it butts heads with dogma
my bookshelf fell on me when i was sleeping but it didn't even hit my head or crack my skull i was so mad
Have you seen her LinkedIn profile?...It's almost like a parody.
So ready for a lovely Thanksgiving in #Phoenix going to class gets harder every day!
From FinAid perspective many parents are paying the bills and have questions.
I'll treat you how you treat me...
I couldn't find tht one thing above the e haha
Watching the Royal wedding overnight? We'll be delivering/open as always: 24/7. Royal Wedding + Eggfast = m. www.eggfast.com
Yum! RT Totally recommend 2 parts oatmeal to 1 part leftover apple crisp. It's what's for breakfast!
go vote for chin up rocky!!!!
Walking Fielder to load the bases with no one out. That's trouble.
i take it back RT in omer asik i trust
looks like you are doing great yourself! We are proud of what you're doing-- keep paying it forward! ~RTN
Life is a terrible thing to sleep through.
Hoping that the reports about Junior Seau are not true.
I wouldn't say that the people on dancing with the stars are legit dancers.
kick the damn bucket honey
OMG! I'm Italian I'd love that <3
So THAT'S where all the beer is....share some of that beer over here in NY LOL
you got it!!!! Rock on!
": Enterprise architecture should capacitate flow, not force rigidity. #entrenchment #entarch #lookimwriting"<- U go girl!
Any luck on the job front?
Interesting. And is there an effort to connect blog posts and SM to the physical museum experience?
Hosting the radio broadcast today from Buffalo Gap on SW Macadam in John's Landing. #Blazer Dancers will be here soon.
An easy way to make enemies: eat chips and open a can of diet coke during lecture.
Futurist Gary Golden describes move into Era of the Learner (and points to Khan Academy as model that "flips the classroom")
#OneWordThatDescribesMe open-minded.
baseball tonight, please don't show that ball Cruz (almost) caught in game 6. Ever. Kthxbye.
One grammatical/spelling error I can't understand people making is mixing up lose and loose. Is this common ?
Cowboys & Angels <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>
I'm dying to know what you think. I hope you like it.
doing good!!I finally saw cabin in the woods!!Was so amazing!!
i don't even know what I would be. o.0
Join us for today's Zuppa Del Giorno Italian Lentil
I hate this. I hate drama. It's so pointless.
It's a nice Sunday so I think I'ma go outside fa a while
lmao! Yeah true that bro
let's #wobble later! I could use the pick me up
Even though we get irritated with eachother all the time, I fricken love my mom <3
As a matter of fact, it was my SAT scores that led me into my present vocation in life, comedy
Just had an amazing meal at Red Rooster Harlem. Crab cakes, steak frites (w/ bone marrow and crab) and sweet potato donuts
“: U create ur own drama by the people u surround yourself with!Wish I knew tht earlier!” You also create it when you abuse women
Alright Twitties(.)(.)Its Pillow fighting Z's time!Had a long day&2moro is longer!7am Finish Commercial&the afternoon TattooTime!
Now im watching #GeorgeLopez ! This use to b mii ish!
Yes, that is correct; the very same one that Ohio State had to vacate in 2011.
Facebook is down. WTF!
Oops... RT : My brain just exploded: "Biological big data goes beyond sentiment to collective context" -
Yeah that would be great! I've never been to The KY Fair so I'm excited!
Well said, well said!
Letting go is the hardest part, now I just have to do it. And stick to it.
yeen ain't got to lie!! I do agree with the funny part tho.
Try temple run(:
and i loved the sugar dandies the most, i nearly cried when they didn't get through to the finals!xx
Snowing in Seattle. In March. Bring back the rain.
: Oh, snap! ;-) BTW -- may I assume you're interested in being an 'alpha' tester for Clio?
Aloha! Turtle Bay was founded in 2002- we're finally on Twitter! Thanks for following. Know of an ugly house? Let us know- we buy them!
My mom just started playing who let the dogs out just now.
*5am text message* "Hey are you asleep?" - "No I'm scuba diving, what in the hell do you want?"
I am tweeting about my period again.
Going back to Denver is going to be hard for the Lakers. They've proven they can beat Denver in their house.
x u look great babes
biology tesy in the am. study time
Thanks so much for the RT! Happy Monday!
Happy Mothers Day!
actually that is probably a valid point.
I thought I was gna be late to work this AM, but ended up being a half hour early.
2011 Colorado Tennis Hall of Fame gets inducted tonight. Welcome Cliff Buchholz, Maricaye Christenson, Scott Humphries and Alicia Salas.
Atlas Sound has entered his Bob Dylan stage.
says, I've missed you
This time tomorrow I'll be in NYC for quality time with cousins, crew & comic books.
A drunk just told me I and people like me are to blame for all the world's problems. No wonder I have such a dadgum headache.
My pleasure...How do you like Paintshop Pro?
Why the fuck is Ashley Judd freaking the fuck out about her missing son? He committed Twittercide, get the fuck over it.
Ouch ! Put Apple Sauce on it. Lol
To find a WiFi spot near you, text your address to 215-240-7296. Thanks ConnectPhilly and !
Good bye good night and good luck
and he's probably the worst QB on that list. Well except Alex Smith, not sure why you even have him on there.
thanks for all the votes! please help me out by joining my project, Everybody Deserves Music : )
Why do I keep on watching Step Up 3 whenever it is on?!?! This is a horrible movie.
Appreciate all the mentions and the #FF :-)
Sarkis is my third home
Love Love Love Montreal! Some of the nicest folks I've ever met.
S my D haha
And I still can't believe that you came up to me and said I love you, I love you too
Checking out , , and on ...good Monday morning to you guys!
Lunch time with my best friend #love #excited West Hollywood!
"The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for" ~ Allan K. Chalmers
I think they would get a better indication of what everyone thinks, rather than the 12yr olds that stay up all night to vote!
Houston Texans 2012 NFL Draft Notes and Quotes
I will take 3. Haha! How does this work?
you are NOT white
who are you, really?
Well, the players made the list, not the fans.
yeah he's always smilin, thumbs up, positive dude
From really not sitting down since 8 a.m., I just groaned so loud from just now sitting on my couch that I think I freaked out the neighbor.
what!!!! R u serious
You're such a tease!
hey austin
Ok I'll be quiet
thanks! I am working out some tweaks but that is the lovely world of the web. #Change after changes haha.
Ah I want to get married in La Rivera Maya
You's a stupid hoe, You's a, You's a stupid hoe.
My pleasure! Thanks for having the courage to speak the truth!
don't ever give that away..
Is he part of the 1%? Can you occupy him?
Didn't write last night, alas, but...I'm starting to feel the ideas buzzing again. This is a good sign, methinks.
I wish I was doing something fun & exciting right now
walking sophia with
If you're not listening to Penguin Cafe Orchestra on Pandora while you study, you need to hop on the bandwagon. Great stuff
Information's pretty thin stuff unless mixed with experience. -Clarence Day
Did you know that farmers in Ireland & Scotland have been painting sheep for ages? Yep, it makes them easier to find. Who knew?
cabin in the woods, batting cages, flowers, candy, cookies, tah-dah! :)
Just leaving the gym
Thanks for the message! Yeah.. my job is pretty cool. Not going to lie! Go Canucks...
Ronnie's?
Fucking up my day :(.
Have a great day!
What's so Messed up is that ma celebrates tweet ma ppl but that never happen to me that's so much head !!! So messed up urg !!!
haha :) your welcome!
wait okay. Explain the English education system! I've always wanted to know!
Any Twitter followers that aren't connected to our Facebook fan page, make sure to head over and click "LIKE" at the top fb.me/mwwdesigns
Have a family of 15 or more? Call Kristi at 202- 296- 6500 for longer happy hour prices! ANY DAY OF THE WEEK!
Name the top 5 best cities in the world to listen to good music!
Dear Luke Bryan. I might just die if you don't play I don't want this night to end tomorrow. Sincerely, just a suggestion :) <3
alex likes if ur mean to her. She told me it was weird wheni was nice and she didn't like it
I hate when I get jealous over something that I shouldn't even be worried about ! /:
I wouldn't shower.
The difference between friendship and love is how much you can hurt each other. -
#raw10 i knew a pro theif, he would steal anything but, he wouldnt let u come 2 his house, afraid u would steal
We finally brought some #kentuckhouseswag to the twitter world
Today: CHEST & KILLA CARDIO!! #GSD What's up with you?
In my experience, always has great advice. See you then!
Callin it a night. Take care
If you call me a contrarian I will agree and say "the world needs contrarians"
Couldn't you AT LEAST have kept the before-name commas?!?! *sob* Why?? T_T
My twitter name cute af lol i can't get over it <U+263A>
Any ideas about what to blog about today? Think of the stupidest thing possible then get at me.
When we are willing to give up everything we have, the divine will replace it with ten times more. Iyanla Vanzant
Feeling grateful today.
Put in an offer for a house last night! We'll know tomorrow. Heading to #Wauwatosa like a big kid.
html 'ing like theres no tomorrow
the cash ball is are 14,801 my odds are better at bingo than the lotto. I gotta see my old gals & get the T about they gout :-p
Tomorrow morning 10:30 am: we're on the air with Dave Marsh "Live from E Street Nation" - SiriusXM radio!
So that's where my shirt is. And also, why would anyone bundle Donnie Darko and Napolean Dynamite? xD
How did you learn to do a flip? Do you think you learned it well enough to teach others?
I see you looking at my page! Click the LIKE button!
Just landed in Manchester NH with the DC delegation
Can't wait to hear tomorrow!
Did Invodo technology power that embedded video? :-)
eh who would have thought this show is pretty good.
Labor Day checklist: Football - check. Beer - check. Bacon - check. Happy Labor Day all!
Go on KNKT.... Make me rich!
Like the guitar in the chorus of "Like an Angel" by Rise Against catchy
Hey Nancy just wanted to know when your next workshop was so I could sign up.
Excellent! “: Monster Trucks. That is all.”
"It's International Women's Day! Where's my present?"
hell yeah. you're welcome. love, kyle.
He ain't early in the league Battier was drafted a long time ago
don't 4get Tito Puente,Lionel Hampton, Rachmaninov,Bob Marley, Miles Davis, & Zeppelin (they deserve to 2B mentioned twice)
this is your brother. gonna be launching the site real soon. Much love.
Wildcats in the Kraft Fight Hunger Bowl at AT&T? Decent shot; better if they lose this weekend.
Today's #Smoothie: #rawspinach, #pear, #tomato, #cucumber, #babycarrots; a little of each! Some may be frozen.add 1/2 c water, 4oz #yogurt!
and to you!
So...how would you guys feel about a BRAND NEW song this week?!
The Republican Party has a really big "posterior." Its name is John Boehner.
#UFC145 Jones vs. Evans about to go down. I'm so excited. Let's go!
Thank you for RTs! Happy New Year!
Life always comes with its own color: your friends, flowers, things. So you don't have to have so much of it in your decor. - Andrée Putman
shake it first - toss only as a last resort RT “: Is it self defense to toss a baby if it was throwing up gang signs?”
You are such a clever one sir! RT : sNOw thanks
Your asleep and I'm bored! So I thought I would tweet you! I love you so much! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Happy HumpDay! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>Make it a GreaT Day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
omg! I totally did that once! Except the 7 yr difference...is that creepy? Yet, I always ask myself #whatwouldCadydo ?
Chuck Brown, pioneer of go-go funk music, has died at 75
TIAs advice on jamaica"girls b careful no rasta man tries2put weed up ur ass!"
space & time.
": Great stuff in newsletter again...Robin Sharma provided great words on human victories" Thanks Coach Weber!
Um - don't know. I can I guess.
Last day tweeting ! You can follow me at my personal account Thanks for following me! Its been a blast!
If I rather read a book than tweet... we have a problem.
Have confirmation practice at 8:30 am tomorrow, that's just great
Email from man asking me to help him discover if his chinese fiance illegally married other man. Helpfully provides other man's ssn
You can also find me at I appreciate your support
I couldn't sleep
Did Google Patent the &#39;Hot or Not&#39; Sexiness Ranking System?
I've only got a few more weeks left of school & I've got 40 overdue assignments. Just going to sit here & work for a few hours.
whistle when you ice the puck short-handed... um no thank you!!!!
Don't forget: today it's Earth-hour (20u30 - 21u30) !
What would it take to make $400 dollars a day every day of the year...
I would draft LBJ over Jordan. He is getting a ring this year
YOLO RT : In the movies drinking Jamison and toting my blanket What u know about this!?
sure. I work out of our new OKcupidlabs office. Let me know when you got some time and come check it out!
Lol It shows that hip hop is dying. Your boy Eminem need to come back..
Four pages to go, this will be fun!
Doorknobs Lock Sets Pirces: Baldwin 5405.150.PASS Classic Knob ...
good question. I don't know but if you find out, let me know.
How is everybody?
Knowledge isn't power, the APPLICATION of knowledge is power.
We did too, from the West! :)
let's hope for 18 or less, otherwise I'm on a nonstop flight to crankytown.
do you do your own recordings, or do you go to a studio?
coins Improve and Supercharge your work or business performance starting with your perception!
thanks for sharing this! I just downloaded it and tried it. What an awesome free app.
discussing ways that health IT and Direct Project can benefit MSM/LGBT community. Great use case!
argh. those apple bastards moved the 3.0 release date to the 18th.
thanks for the twitter follow glad to see you at
I hope is still accepting junior designer #resumes!
what kind girl ;p I'll make it tonight
HYFR , Mb Is Coming To Vegas . Get To See My Baby Boys Again. I Wonder If The Boys Remember me .. (:
Tomorrow June 7 I'm excited to present Preventing Injuries in Child Care & Child Passenger Safety @ the Indiana Injury Prevention Conference
I broke the tip of my nail ! Ugh ; / Tuesday needs to come on....I so need my nails && pedi done <3
hope you're all following, we've been doing our best to spread the word and updates!
All I need tomorrow is a box of tissues and my tv with ABDC on and I'm all good for the rest of my life.
#CC250 and take the beauty in
22 months and 4 days later, i still love you with all my heart.
hope so! MT that's going to be a major part of job descr of "curator" now+ on into the future: promoting conversations.
4 days #L's up
best price, service, and staff in their field as far as I'm concerned
please check your email I have a question....
finally new avi... but i wanna change it already
Join us tomorrow night for a Tuesday Tasting on French cheese!
yup! Thank you
#NP "Never Stop", Brand New Heavies ..that was that heat.
He's not about that life.
nice meeting you dogg
Was this caught on camera??
it's 3:30 Sunday afternoon.
I don't know if you realize how much you mean to me but I just have one request. Please just don't ever forget about me.
My cabbie has some new age euro easy listening tunes flowing and I gotta say that I'm kind of digging it.
Today I am trying to figure out how to get Gates to pay for a housing that leaked and damaged our camera!
good luck sissy and kick some butt :)
balls, man. just balls.
We are truly amazed at how much great music is out there!! :)
Love it! RT : The very thing that can break you.. was designed to make you stronger #Good Morning!!
i had so much fun at club last nights,gosh my eyes still hurt and i am still drunk:)
this is flat out bizarre...
Lets go tarheels!!!!!
. Damn hippie.
*~if we get da permission slips for cedar point tellz tiffani to bring me mines.."if" we get them.if we dnt dnt tell her~*
omr I hope u feel better :(
Couldn't have said it any better.
Got "Studies on Hysteria" for free as a Nook book. Talk about a good find!!!
Dc zoo wit tha fam... Lotta people had the same idea.
Someone retweeted something I tweeted last year. Stalker lol
I appreciate the RT.
I love your name! xD
Trip into NYC thwarted by brutal neck pain. Retreating to locate clean horizontal surface in NJ.
Today is Tuesday number 56,799 for me.
ILY <3 happy valentine's day
My mama is getting a fancy new Coach purse and brunch :)
you are wierd
If there is free money involved - I want some!
And this morning, a charming quote from NKVD agent Ramón Mercader (1940)...
“: Hey #pla12 make sure to check out my program at 2pm. Generational differences in libs and how to overcome em'” Yes, plz come!
what's god witcha?
time to mute the TV
Pro Tip: In Week 3 of a GAIN Plan, your weights should start to go up. This is typically the hypertrophy (rapid gains) period of training.
Seeing the Pretty Little Piggy commercial makes me think of 's Miss Piggy's voice. <3
if youre defult pic is of a car, and you follow me, i assume youre a transformer..
“: you bang her, thats what you do.” Then I guess I'll fill you in on tues morning
My Cats cant win them all. Credit to Indiana.
We are not the only ones who hate a long working week! After Monday and Tuesday, even the calender says, " W Th F? " :) - via Ali Engineer
Sleep well my princess. Call me when you wake.
This episode about BBQ in Kansas City is the greatest food p I've ever seen. I'm srsly weak at the knees.
no, what's that?
I found the funniest pictures from freshman year on my MySpace. HAHAH
thats what we like to hear.........
It's an important conversation! I want it to spill even further. Would much more dialogue abt what you and Rich were discussing.
Refresh. Refresh. Refresh. Refresh. Refresh. Refresh. Refresh. Refresh.
Cool Chicks Love Ice Cream...
good to know I still have a fan! I've been keeping up with you too sir, keep killing it
Thanks for the RT about our Take Over tonight guys!
Roy Williams. The Lions got new White uni's. CJ came out & Roy was like, "Yo he's huge! He looks like Megatron!"
Laser tag. Deal
Lets Go Rangers!
Dear heart, Please stop getting involved. Your job is to pump blood- that's it!
: It allows for people to rely a little more on themselves; with opptys for someone else to step up & assist.
Wow no other way to describe math class today but "The Best!" haha sady christen sam kalie austin XD
fuck, and I was about to go to school right now....well, I guess Tobuscus videos can wait.
officially got my lip repierced for a 3rd time in 5 years lol
he finally is!!!
Days like today make me love what I do...huge thanks to those who encouraged me to step it up!
I dont feel good. I feel sick, my back hurts, im freezing cold. Grrr!
RT Haven't been this excited about music in months (my name is ) Friday FRIDAY RiGHt NOW strip
Remind Me Who I am! Great reminder that we are God's Beloved. So glad I breathed the name of God Today!
South Park > Futurama > Family Guy
So do you remember the Gazans who celebrated after 3000 innocent people were murdered on 9-11. They need to get rid of Hamas!
Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.
LOL! RT Love it again lol RT : Love doesn't make the world go round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile
A solution is a process that benefits ALL who may be affected by it. If a 'solution' helps some but harms others, that is not a solution.
lmao. Girls are dumb, you don't see a bunch of guys throwing electronics or pics of their childs mother in a woodchipper. Haha
April is National Home Inspection Month
"It all started when they messed with the wrong guy..." Every trailer for every low budget action movie ever.
My mom just said "I want more dubstep!" in response to my explaining the song in the IE9 commercial
lol good , I'm so ready to go you don't understand
no problem :)
My dog seriously runs into the wall like 763836 times a day.
from Milwaukee, Wisconsin. USA. We could use you here!
We're just ordinary people.
I was told I can stay home, but I dont want Bub to be sad so Im not(:
my shittt there
One of those days when I want to say something interesting but drawing a blank...
go #YOLO someplace else
RT : thanks for the advice, ive revoked any access so hopefully that should do the trick :) | yw :)
Goodnight :D
#ala11 Keynoter : "The mission of librarians is to improve society through facilitating knowledge creation in their communities."
Enjoyed playing in the pit this week with for #CarminaCalder Great time all around!
haha yes I did! I tried tweeting it when I took it but it wouldnt go through and I just went thro my pics and found it lol!
. brunch at Club Cafe? Count me IN!
Awesome. Glad you are having fun. I will be there 2 weeks from Sunday.
Hey! I can't DM u back unless u are following us :)
This time he tweeted answering response
3 things ok foster grads are NOT; common, forgotten, alone. Via
watching the TO show.... man i love this show
#FF some awesome #cycling people
thanks hun. It wasn't a bad dream though. Lol but will keep it jus incase
Writing is my ammo, I am ready for battle
Tonight, tonight: performing at the Enlighten in Ballard (Seattle). Show starts at 8.
Enjoy a free Blueberry Muffin on us; just mention FLUFFY33 when your ordering.
Lightning Bolt!!!!!
i wish i wasn't the only child . i wish i had a older brother or sister i could talk to.
I'm not dealing with anymore of your insults today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
the best RT : so in the first class the Pilates instructor mentioned tequila shots and vajayjays.
no dumb fools and make every free throw as the game slows down.
WIth Keith blasting in my Ears ... I saw Ur Tweet ... & ... Damn Near Bus my Tooooof on the Keyboard!!! ... Why U do DaT LMAO
yes it wass u couldnt tell cuz of the dark red lighting
thinks she needs to get her drink on.
Your b.s lies are really getting to me,Then dont ask why am upset.
Where was my life even headed before #LeaveItToNiecy??
It's your right and privilege. Regardless of your political views, make them heard.
This fall most definitely! Ginas biscotti and tea tasting event will be happening in september.
is there any element in congress concerned about the link between private funding and ed?
I feel like a teenager - yes I'm waiting for #PLL to come on!
Accident on US-14 EB near Cross Plains area.
your what?
Rock star baby, now come to my suite and lock jaw baby #:-P
Always a 'victory' somewhere in the situation. CU goes 3-10 today...but it's the 1st road win for the seniors...in their collegiate career.
Been a casual customer but after watching premier yesterday they have my business for life!Thanks for supporting kids!
DJs: need to throw in some Samba tunes into my set for an event this week. any suggestions? It's not my strongest genre.
I've heard it used during board recruitment said to current board members. Penetrates the #nonprofit boardroom.
Prepare your audition three different ways, that way when you are asked to change it up, you’re not thrown off. Or not. CastingOfficeTV
It Don't Make You A "Hoe" If U Meet A Dude & Give Up The P*ssy Quick... **U A Hoe If U Give It Up 2 ==> DAMN NEAR EVERY N*GGA U MEET**
Yes, and I now will stop rolling my eyes when people call my cell and tell me who they are.
Thanks for the follow!
hmm maybe I didn't need to buy the app. :/ Found a bookmarklet for mobilizer -- I take it that's what you're using?
Ha! Almost became a duckling mom & I'm not talking kitty cats-Thomas rescued 3 ducklings from sure death-he's taking them to quack!
Keep the likes coming guys! We're only about 200 away, we really appreciate all the support!
Random TWEETING
Word to the wise: if your books are smelly and mold-encrusted, your librarian doesn't want your "donation". Thanksbye.
Imagine Dwight in #celtics green?
Happy Birthday U.S. Marines! We thank you for your service! 3 Veterans in the band. Thanks again!
pain theory? what/who?
It's hard to let go when everything u do involves them
still no excuse for being on my lawn.
#MyBmoreSurvivalTips Make sure your building doesn't have bedbugs before you move in!!
I can relate. That song pretty much sums up my life.
Children in solitary? Another example of American exceptionalism.
Who should we #follow today? THAT is the question.
True Love Means Never Giving Up On The 1 U Love And Do Watever You Have 2 So That U Get That Person You LOVE BACK IN YOUR LIFE..
Catch us on the #GrindTime stage at 530 PM today with at #rockthebells SF
RT Sounds like Berns Steakhouse is the place to #chin this evening. Neg Cap Grill @ international .either way ur paying so ??
Edward Jones?
Jules, what IS that awesome white guitar you play?
t-minus one week and one day from today!!
Here's today's, "Yes it's Monday, but I'm awake!" What city has the most hotel rooms in the world?
not a dang thing.!!
follow back :)
On the way to work.
Just out of curiosity, what is an #SPN blanket? Sounds cozy...
I'm with you on that, I see the Blackberry Play book went the same way.
really? That's good. What city do u want to live ?
i love all your music bro and it inspires me so much cause you are from the same home town im from............CHI-TOWN!!!!
So u like to make ur point known huh?
"My wish isn't to mean everything to everyone but something to someone."
Nice dip on WSML!
I need a beer and a blunt
This girls booootys outta control!
It's a most expensive championship type of day waiting or that
Where do you play?
#nowplaying Rickie Lee Jones "Love Junkyard".
RT this new method for making acapellas though >
hope my buddy is ok
AoD #4 came out this week and was a blast, but pages for AoD #5 have me really stoked! New artist Dietrich Smith is a STAR IN THE MAKING!
She probably thinks she's too big for idol now...
S/O to the other new followers
Ideas: take the library on the road when library space/tech is being used...embedded librarianship!
Thanks for the mention! What's news on your end?
Rumor has it that we will be serving those crab cakes Friday nite and Saturday that you loved so much a few weeks ago.
: follow up re and syndicate... My contribution isn't too small, is it?
Here's a quick fact about the final VAWA vote in the Senate. All five women GOP senators voted yes; all 31 no votes were men.
The only thing sadder than doing nothing with our lives, is spending our time watching others on TV do the same.
Why cant Bourjos play when I come? Why?
Finish strong
You can light up the dark.
PickUpLine: You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way
i rhank a dear friend for reminding me this evening "what have you got to lose."
On the bright side, Diekman looks like his stuff is MLB ready...
what u said
thinks #Georgia will beat #Boise . Surprise.
Silverstein. Yeah man.
Check out Social Media Week DC Tweets from
I can't stand you
Anybody know about summer sports clubs in NYC? Outdoor softball or kickball or anything?
"Told you I was sick!"
We appreciate all the hardworking men and women of our law enforcement agencies. Let us say thank you by giving 50% off your next detail.
Time for #scandal. This show is my new ish! is a bad ____ in this series.
Woo hoo congrats--- pressures on for you! lol! x
Looking forward to a fun trio gig tomorrow with Ben Bergmark and Sean Carolan.
better now. Damn sixers
If it rains on prom, i'll be pissed.
People who watch probably will not watch the Animal Planet so those commercials probably aren't working. FYI
Up all night with . AINT NOBODY SLEEPIN TONIGHT, POTAYYTOHHHH!!!
Friday. Its here. Thank god. Time for some good beer with the wife!
S/O to my girl for passing the bar! Best news I've heard all nyt! So ridiculously proud of u! It's a celebration bishes!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Cancer SUCKS
My hair has been parting naturally in the middle lately. Uh.
I want that car! Maybe I will be the next MVP.
sweet! im going to set up an appointment :) see you sometime tomorrow! :D
Working special event at the museum job tonight. Also, it's only my 3rd shift TOTAL, so have no idea what to expect.
they would if they knew the salary difference!
Englewood Chicago its crime and poor area but good people live in Englewood like me and a lot of people who want better 4 this Community.
Double Cash Back Starts Today! Check your Inbox for our Email to see which stores have Doubled their Cash Back for a Limited Time!
I showed up an hour early for work...would be great if crazy people let me just sit there in silence but no
few churches here pre 9/11. I'm just ecstatic we have "the Church" in NYC. I'm leaving the fish fry up to our shepherds.
Preciate dat bro! Gotta share it with all ya homies for me
not everything is meant to be fun or make sense, some things are just neccessary to be done for the greater good
not earlier? Wasn't this the photoshoot for Remaining Days? 2007 or 2008!
Uh, spoilers!
what's really hood
Situationally WAR Is The Only Answer!
I wanna say u got that from me......but maybe not!? Lol
TRIPLE H!!!!! YES! Time to shut this shit down!
Lighting Source Int. Prints 500 titles daily; fulfills 27,000 orders; serves 9,000 publishers, prints 1.4 million books a month
Excited to be the official magazine sponsor of - Looking forward to the partnership!
oh ok thanks :)
Survey-Organizational Values: Has your organization assigned specific behaviors to identified core values? yes or no?
shopping would be fun if I weren't vertically challenged. or broke.
lol I'm gonna be up al night.
2nd floor, room F16 till 3pm today. RT : Wasn't there supposed to be some sort of petting zoo? Did I miss it?
Yeah sure sweetie
lol it's cool it's more directed towards Cleveland mcdonalds workers anyways
RT Who will win? 's Beer vs Wine Dinner this Fri 10/21 w/ & Wine Warehouse? U pick! 858.675.8550
This has been the weirdest day.
First time in 10 years completely unplugged/unwired for 8 days = land of the lost. Where the heck am I?
HE ADMITTED IT<333333 justin im so proud of you babe(:
Working on an article, finding tonnes of stuff to do that is not related.
They're saying the age of eligibility to attend WWDC is anyone 13-17 is that new this year? I could have sworn it was 18+ before.
Haha go Gabby!!
Some will fall in love with life and drink it from a fountain, as it's pouring like an avalanche coming down the mountain
If you don't dream it, then live it...how do you expect to accomplish it?
Follow Friday! #FF us and we'll #FF you!
I think yeah but I hear it outside then heard the clicking in my sisters room.
Welcome back. What are you sipping on tonight?
Extreme Magic!
Memory is a way of holding on to the things you love, the things you are, the things you never want to lose. ~ Kevin Arnold
OH: Suicide should never be a desired outcome of looking at your data model.
Chillin with Bert mark and Joe :))
Awesome run around the monuments! Night runs are so refreshing! I need to do this more often...
Bella wanted to say goodnight to & all of our other followers! Thank you guys!
Did you?
dude!!! How was it?
Take ur rest DJ Lace...u will be missed.
you were basically in Titanic
TMZ is just mad that I didn't send them their monthly medication to their nursing home! Old Skanks tbh xD
And oh my dreams It's never quite as it seems Cause you're a dream to me Dream to me
Jordan hill got tossed around like he did his baby momma, wait to soon??
Miami, FL- need female for tradeshow. No nudity. Pay is 400 dollars. (Casting Code B3)
Thank God for mixed Girl's!!!!!!
Big Lu with the two free throws
Expect you to be singing "It’s a celebration/ clap clap bravo/ lobster & shrimp & a glass of moscato" when you post this!
did you watch it on Thursday?
UPDATE 2-F&C shows fresh outflows as strategic review nears
I'm no animal rights activist but I have a feeling that bees dying off is of far greater importance than we currently realise.
ill twitpic the picture in a sec :)
How's Cali?:) when do u start filming??:)
RT : Fall reminder-Make sure you check your gutters for a build up of leaves before winter sets in.
The Baylien is releasin that new joint next week... Check him out www.erase-e.com!!!
you wouldn't be saying that if you lived here.
The mountains, a hilt / of the sun's golden dagger, / plunged in the lake //
Cats drove me out of bed. They aren't happy when I go back to bed after feeding them. So coffee's brewing.
Exercise provides better result than drugs or a combination drugs/exercise according to five meta-analysis on depression.
If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly, would you change anything about the way you are living now?
"Do not be carried away by all kinds of STRANGE TEACHINGS. It is good for our hearts to be strengthened by GRACE.." - not GRACE = strange
41% of students in #afterschool programs improved their #math grades. Be a part of the change 2012.
Haha. My practice gear for basketball. #ThatsGangster. (:
Knock knock who's that at you're door ?
laker fans in denial
Awful news from Harvard RT : And everyone will have a chance to apply for the few jobs that will be left.
To the US Military: THANK YOU & GOD BLESS YOU! I don't take for granted the freedoms I have because of YOU. I am grateful!
#water I forgot how much I love you! I'm glad we are together again. Haha.
RT : Is judging the "Toddlers & Tiaras" moms elitist? | No. Their priorities are hopelessly screwed up. Next question.
lady gaga killed it last night
I need a co owner for my #BiebsMeetAlexis account
We are proud to announce that we have just hired another full time executive trainer to the FOCUS team. Latrell Armstrong, welcome to MKE!
Happy Leap Day everyone! If you were born today, then you are a "leapling" or "leaper"!
Getting ready to open for the season! Stay tuned for more info :)
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! UP TO 65% OFF! BEDROOM SETS $ 795-Q BED+ DRESSER+MIRROR+1 N/STAND www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Mr. Bean is fukn attractive
Whoa. MT : Protesters in Oakland attacked & "dismantled" news truck from our TV station CBS5. Crew OK but truck stripped!
RT : In serenity, there is strength. Staying calm, when confusion and chaos surround you, keeps you firmly in control.
yes I know but you changed your user lol
have you watched the others in the triology ?
I'm tired forever. NO!!!!
Girl! I haven't studied one bit(: well I sit by heaven in science.. And she's a nerd bird(: so she will help me :D
nervous? Hopespin never gets nervous!
that looks so awesome. What's it like to shoot that?
appreciate the follow and invite
hey is my membership at the wood still froze?!?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Minnesota Hist Society- future of field trips the History in Your Hands.interesting.
I could have stayed at home and got out the BUTCHER KNIVES and F.. myself up without paying for the hospital stay. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
A quote from my dear friend : "I swear today time has stood still a few times .... and the second hand is laughing at me ...."
If someone is trying to impress you, one thing is certain, that person is already impressed by you!
HA HA hit too close to home at the moment
Mixing cucumber #juice with #carrotjuice is said to be beneficial for #rheumatic conditions resulting from excessive uric acid in the body.
They weren't thinking.. it's nuts! I read that attic insulation and window replacements are best.
wait the game is starting now i didn't know sheesh
Just purchased a simulated process separation program for full color prints and a Pantone ink matching system. That being said I also j ...
Added 100 balls to Golfer rehearsal at HCC.
Brand new big screens in the SDR...pizza...
NO PROBLEM ;)
Yes--my three daughters and the mom of two. Thanks Victoria!
best #sdcc spots for chicks? our lead actress would like to know
hey unfollowers,look at all the fucks i give. ;)
I had a wonderful #LaborDay . I thank God I was able to stay active all day. Lots of ppl,bbq & went to bed w/all dishes done.
- we are ready when you are! :)
HAW BOUT ME
Ok, who misses the old #Orioles logo?
Baby I'm the best so you can't do better
We just created a new photo
do you have my spanish paper?!??
I want something physical,Not something invisible,I'm tired of being good,Let's be bad.I want a bad boy baby bad.I want a love that's crazy.
Life never gets better, just different. Better or worse is a judgment of the ego.
Something to pass ard during the holidays
I'm less impressed by "brilliance" of Jezebel "Hipster Racism" post than most of Twitter / has been talking about it for years
Every tree, knows the bark. - "the iLLosopher" - shoelace
#WaysToPissMeOff ~trying to push ur way thru when there is nowhere to move
This is a part of me.
: It didn't happen to me, silly! Happened to a DC hockey player on TV. You know I'm not sporty. ;)
Oh shoot, I work Thursday evenings
Im Done
He's almost here!
xD ahjumma(>:D) I have to go to bed ;_; I have to go to my friend's graduation party tomorrow xD lol <3 good night^^
Richard Grenell?!? Romney campaign is but one idiot short of a village.
I had a fleeting memory of Strangelove, in the war-room wheelchair, expecting Mr. Cheney's arm to fly into the air in salute.
And for the record, I still want to punch the new Xbox/Netflix interface in the face!
Live through deeds of love, and let others live with understanding for each person's unique intentions - Rudolf Steiner
Thanks for the follow. I love the Sir Edmund Hillary quote!
I really should...I need summer haha
In Life of George, you receive challenges on iPhone/iPod Touch that you build with real LEGOs. Museum inter. possibility?
doing Internet research!
Im so stoked:)!
The Temper Trap- BOHH Song
What a great idea, Jasmine! Have you been to San Francisco before?
Ppl that try to be hipsters kill me!!!
I'm team #DarkSkinnedMen al the way <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
If you missed out on all the craft events this weekend, you can always stop by for some great local goods!
Love it! Great game! Kings sealed the deal
I'm going! So excited!
i already have my 2 best singers following me all i need is you and the other ones following me. plz follow me
well rhen do the right thing.... extend the shot gun
I didn't win the lotto and Ohio State lost, what a crappy weekend
Thank you as well! We look forward to Tweeting with you!
That was simply amazing. Smart little kid!!!
Oh okay! :) I understand! So what's up? :D
oh I see. Well yay!
lol ima lebron fan I jus rock wit the thunder kuz they the closest team to my hometown
Thinking about saturdays game vs cal - prediction? Buffs win in upset
Thank you!
Those most willing to teach are chiefly found in the industrial class, which as yet has received few favors from the Legislatures (1856)
Passed it! Somewhere between a B and an AB. Needed an 84 to pass =)
With tannin
lov e you too ~
A business is prosperous to the extent that it provides a service or product that contributes to happiness in all of its forms.
I figured it was better than "Tony Romo's: A Place for Broken Ribs"
Congratulations to #UMass Lacrosse for winning CAA Championship. Good luck in the NCAA's! Also, good luck to #UMass Softball in A-10 Tourny!
I love remont
got a MAD makeover. very into it!
My mother is extremely loud.
Hey all my Justin Bieber followers does anybody know when his next concert in Atlanta is anyone?
Proactive vs. Reactive We are reactive; we were "taken care" of 4 so long by the Big Three-Taught 2 Look to others 4 solutions
roger that! XO
lmao at "bottom desk drawer"
well ill talk 2 u when u go on blog with connor
If there were any doubt, was pretty flawless in Brava!
is it just a matte white? I can never seem to find the right one! I love it!!
RT : Trying to get your #nonprofit off the ground? Consider a nonprofit #fellowship / incubator. Here's a great list:...
Getting her big break modelling at a passport photo shop.
That commercial where the dude finds the little girl's lost puppy makes me cry! Damn you AT&T!
happy birthday justin sorry but I had forgotten i love you
Lets circle back on these techniques for next weeks cant session - Cinematic filmmaking techniques
i have to admit... im super jealous right now #dangit ;)
but girl you aint the only one thats trying to be only one
I wonder what Ray Ray doin now?
What is the best Git plugin for Eclipse?
I haven't studied once in Napier's class this whole year & now I really have to. WTF.
Waterfront now? I visited Alicia's, now I'm refueling at home.
I hate it when people only use their twitter to make obvious subtweets about people.
The problem with marrying into a generic last name is how many debt collection calls I get for other people.
ew. i hate having to look forward to one thing when you know you are going to lose another.
Now I'm left with nothing.
If you fart in a room full of deaf people, does it make a sound?
1 more show @ The Little Bear Saloon - tonight from 5-9pm. Headed back to Texas tomorrow...
The tables have turned
I agree. I want to climb him.
HEY it's me! Just #gettincozy in the sink
Update my blogs....
Thanks for the great talks! Great lessons from the growth of
And when i'm crossing the street someone beeps and screams.."Nice hair!!" lol it's so funny!
Ha! I should just go to bed (not like that.) I'm going to be in a bad mood if I stay up any longer.
I like that word: "repurpose"
wait where are you??
Congrats to on winning a free issue of FI
Happy Friday!!
WHAT IS WRONG WITH MY COMPUTER OMG WTH.
Anyone partying in south beach tonight?
Nuggets on Altitude, Canucks/Black Hawks on VS.
how're you?(:
I have a love interest in every one of my films: a gun
my best friend dad said your going to be the next Aaron Cater and i said no his going to be better his going to be the next MJ
i just want tom. 2 be over so the weekend can start!
Its a good day for sum pussy
haha had to get to check it out :)
: wait... what's my orientation to you? Somnbi don't know about!
i'll message you on fb. :)
been trying to sleep for like an hour but it's so motherfucking hot in my room :(
i know 2 songs from blue side park all songs from macadelic some from best day ever and knock knock
what about votto for pujols and d jennings ... roto
that first pitch was the one he should have crushed. Right down the middle, fouled back.
I know yall (MALES!) happy bout boosie i understand ... I am too ... But give his dick some air plz lol ... Yall actin like chicks
1 of 3) We're passionate about learning and discovering new things about ourselves, our friends, and our community.
ha yeah! Well we did RosaMexicano again, but then had a silly dance party at Rock & Roll hotel after :)
ill keep my fingers crossed! :) hope you had a lovely weekend!
It's too amazing-looking NOT to copy.
The pacers are beating heat?!
Thanks ! RT : Have to give it to great spot!
there is so much wrong with my last tweet
yeah! :) I wish we lived closer to each other and could jam out to some #NSN haha
what up bro
Rachel Gillen with her first career HR in pinch hit opportunity here in the 7th. Cuts lead to 6-1.
Time for the Friday Dance.
Weird hot chicks sometimes suck
Hey , maybe I'll see you at the Grammys this year. I'm in the running for being nominated so save me a seat bahaha ;)
Boston+Public+School+athletes+featured+in+billboards
Just watched buried that movie sucks ass.
What the fuck is wrong with me. Please dear god. Im getting to Tulsa somehow. Please.
what do you think is better, ppl who thought the world was ending in 2011 or scientologists?
thank you. :) whoo
Sr. Company time! Leave your souls on the dance floor
Digital Projects!! One of the main reasons why I registered for NCPH. :-)
I love all 3 of you guys are hella bad ass I think u guys are funny and love the vidos Pls follow
The language is (mostly) platform-agnostic, so given the same DB on Oracle, MySQL or MS-SQL, a query works more/less the same.
So tired
point well taken.
"It's never too late to become what you might have been." -- George Eliot
Did you come out of an owls mouth, because you are a hoot.
Thanks and for the recent RTs!
I know I've been MIA. Its been so nice outside that I turned into an outdoor gal. I will be online tomorrow
Montrezl harrell to Duke makes so much sense. Enjoyed watching his game blossom. I expect seeng him have a big impact next level
Powerade. Blue. Large. (:
i dig it yu still got my number?
cry baby,suck ya mama titties
Can't wait for the #Badger vs #Nebraska game! Our plans include a little grilling out. Go Bucky!
#Girls That Still Look Beautiful Without Make-Up >>>
What's up with Facebook? My account "temporarily unavailable?"
If an NFL player ran out there with "Little Pea" on the back of his jersey that man would have his head ripped clean off his shoulders tho.
#FirstDateRules u only get 1 chance ta make a 1st impression so bring ur A game!
Good show, though maybe more interesting stars. I look forward to more .
WE JUST VIRTUALLY HUGGED PEYTON ... NIGHT HAS BEEN MADE <21 always looking out for the fans
thx for the follow :D love from sweden <3
YEAH!!! That makes me so happy!!
It looks crazy intense! Thanks for sharing :)
<U+044F><U+0454><U+0442><U+03C9><U+0454><U+0454><U+0442> if you made your Twitter in 2010 or 2011 (Follo<U+03C9> me and get 50 new followers)!!
RT RT : When God shows u who ppl really are and they can't be trusted, pls believe him!......*indeed*
Dance fever in 'Amazing Race' episode 9 Bopper and Mark were ready to walk away from their shot at a million dollars. The sweltering heat
What are you guys doing tonight?
from where? lol
I thought that was yesterday... did they drop a billion on something else?
Bet u wish u played the #hand u were dealt "SCARED" But instead u thru all cards in. U had all aces (to bad) I'm playin all "Duces". #peace!
had to do something stupid to the jeep..having custom wheels built! Now it's taking 4 ever!
The last stages of pregnancy brain feel like the last stages of HAL’s brain in 2001.
Patrick Buchanan's Future at MSNBC Is Murky, Network's Chief Says
#HarryIsAtTheTipton. so he's in boston now? ;) haha. maybe zack & cody can help me meet him ;)
Bummer. Hope ya feel better!
for what ?
Good luck to all the PSE guys hittin the field today
About to go get on the computer & fill out some job applications .
People too weak to follow their own dreams will always find a way to discourage yours. RT ()
that's why we hav to work together to make it happen & not be crabs in a barrel. GIRL POWER!!!
Good afternoon from Nashville! Where are you and how's today going?
Get back in my life or atleast Skype lol
Finally enjoying some
When they say to you "someone of your talent", they actually mean, "go mop the floor over at my place."
A mouse came into my history class and some girl screamed...I had a miniture heart attack lmao
Organic farmers, live cleanly. Free of pesticides and toxins. And they do not clutter up the landfills with toxic waste.
Making friends left and right I see. What was the story?
club race coming this wekend... Goodland Grand Prix next weekend! Getting excited!
haha, I can't believe he hurt his ankle and canceled the whole rest of the tour.
Hahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahaha. You're adorable.
then go eat a potato xD
Humbled & excited to announce that Seattle will be my home for the summer! , can't wait to be your intern!
ugh, had to ruin it with a John Carter tv spot... bummer
Would you like to win a 1hr professional #Tarot reading with unique virtual reading room and online Tarot deck? Watch this space!
: The weekend is almost here. Rejuvenate yourself with an #AvedaHerbal #BodyWrap. It is sure to help you unwind for the weekend....
I can get low don't know which way is up, ya I can get high like I could never come down.
same for me sister friend. 9am-9pm.
As a prospector I must put aside politics for a moment. Miners of Chile, I stand with you! So you should all vote Ol' Floppy Arms for Mayor!
hey, made a cool Storify of the backchannel today, but i cant get it to embed - know any tricks?
Thanks for the great comment. Wonderful indeed :)
VERY weird that you have not yet visited one of your top 5 golf resorts! We are going to have to do something about that...
I heard they witnessed the murders, but I'm not sure on that.
Stats from Accountemps survey says: Is sense of humor important in work place? No-20%;Don'tknow-1%;Yes-79%. Enjoy a good laugh today.
Hell yeah Landon!
Good luck! 1st days are the best :)
How is everyone's weekend going? Come enjoy a Sunday glass of wine at Enoteca!
Florida, you are too dang windy. But #ILoveTheBeach <3 so glad to call this home :)
these people are hilarious
Holy hangovers
#TipTweet Don't get arrested. Its bad.
wait what
She got 'get the fuck away breath' lol
Hey Steve, pleasure meeting with you at the FMF, please give us a listen when you have some time, fresh rock sounds!
You should drink a Coke
Welcome to Miami!
thanks. I'm a bit nervous though.
is gearing up for a busy week of digital history, staff planning, and more!
Castro are you serious!!!!! Wtf!!!!
wish i was strutting to her or carly rae jepsen
lol ... no no I just thought maybe we had met before and didn't realize who you were. Thank you again!
Kim Jong is Dead oh wait another fucking Crazy Korean is gonna take over... His Son who mother is a Bitch lol
Exploring the oceans – “there’s still 97 percent” Deep ocean mysteries
The best things in life are unseen that's why we close our eyes when we kiss laugh and dream
#thingsImissabouthighschool Mr. Stanley!
lol you are so jealous of Danielle and Eleanor because their gorgeous and your not.
the lakers are not even in the conversation.. Fuck off
Hey , we're rebranding our loyalty program and need to change the name on our page, which you don't allow. Assistance?
SlateBox launch around the corner; announcements are going out now.
I should probably go to sleep now.
Congrats to client for his big goal and assist in last nights big win against Phoenix.
On the phone eatin noodle at the same damn time... Lol :)
Are there any weekend afternoon or weekday evening open pickup soccer games happening in Baltimore?
A6: At GMU, we're focused on access for students, so our models might help to inform/not re-invent the wheel.
. I'll give it to you. You've done a great job of taking pseudo-scientific platitudes to enrich yourself. I'm positive of that.
“: Mark Wahlberg is talking about making reality show.” oh, this is "unscripted" TV I'll tune in to! Oh, marky
Good Luck.
Are you at Michigan State? Got my grad degree there :)
you're right! Ewwwww
Can I just go back to sleep? Please?
"Your greatest asset is your earning ability. Your greatest resource is your time."
Preforming for the whole school today :/! I hope I don't mess up! Wish me all the luck in the world cause I'm S C A R E D :/!
nah, but this concert way better. check it out. spread the word.
Good thing I have amazing friends to cheer me up after a bad day.. Love you both and
right? i mean, i've gotten some great bj's, and i'm not knocking it, but seriously, after a while.. i'm like la.. la.. la..
it was cool until they cancelled it in the middle of the meet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
This weekend's hashtag project is #streetartistry! Yahoo! Can't wait to see #Pgh submissions!
OK I still must be doing something wrong with this thing. I'm gonna ask ont of my students in the morning!
Jasper... You are so dumb. Stay in the car while its moving please.
NFL Sunday!!!!!!! Cardinals and giants my teams!! But my most favorite is COWBOYS but they ain't playing!!!
thanks, gord-- glad you're tuned in.. try to get you out the door with all you need to know for the day
We loved with a love that was more than love
Too close, or does Romney have this wrapped up in Wisconsin? Depends on who you ask ... Fox project win for Mitt, other say not so fast.
please shut up lol
I will admit I played horrible Smh...
in fact I'm sitting in JFK right now, headed back west after a very brief visit. Definitely hope to return soon and catch up.
For 1 minute i was like ooooooooohhhhhhhhh my God Denise k
Haha glad I'm not the only one!
Celtics were 23-20 while Doc's son was playing at Duke. Since end of Duke season, Boston is 10-4 and 9 games over .500. Not a coincidence.
#LasVegas is wishing you much success today in your #CashMob. All the best.
Thanks Don! Great to be here. I have big shoes to fill, like clown feet sized
'bikeportland.org' is in the headline, and there is no story on the KATU page, but rather a link directly to yours....
I'm not promising anything!
'It always rains the hardest on those who deserve the sun.'
- carries on-
RT : I'll be on Edition at noon, talking about Walmart with Maureen Cavanaugh and
Extra tall person in a bar makes me miss brudderrr.
Long day w/classes & tabling for Vespa Milwaukie, but a random man gave me a discount drug card. So, I've got that going for me.
Answer from yesterday: Christie Todd Whitman (R) elected 1st woman governor of New Jersey What important event in the Civil Rights...
thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Thanks for the RT!
done boo
Just got an awesome ipod touch for My birthday! ...you're two months late Mom...but That's alright :)
Close you're eyes, & ill kiss you Tommorow I'll miss you.
I Love you
Thank you<U+2665>
you watching kids choice awards
Sure honey!
I dream of demons when I sleep that make me stutter when I speak. Speak now or forever hold your peace in pieces.
Lions truly are Shwartz's team. fightin' pre-game...
I'm good! 100 like ah fast ball
I'm so tired..my eyes are all kinds of red from crying all night...ugghh fuck cancer and fuck disease :(((
so they'll meet in the middle and avoid lockout, right? RIGHT?
“Black people started wearing their pants really low. White people called this "saggin" .. Spell "saggin" backwards.. Sneaky white people!”<U+E409>
Why is the most gangsta knife I own designated for bread?
Can you cry under water?
Seeing is the best & most important part of my day. I love him so much! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>
Keep calm and carry on...
Aint nothing like
Have you ever ate ice cream wit a fork? rt if u have.
RT : Happy Mother's Day AND Happy Swift Day! ((:
Mingus Ah Yum. Bitches Brewery. A Brew Supreme. 33rd Blue Note Cafe. Jesus' Holy Place. Crucified Gastropub. Ya Im not much help
Interviews over coffee at one of those clean non-Asian restaurants RT Councilman Marion Barry is hiring a communications director
Stinky feet from all that dancing? Ped. Pal Foot scrubby Dance naked, let your Cheekys Smile! Ginger/Orange essance
My family is a pain in the ass! And not in the good way....
If I'm followiin yu most likely I have NO idea who yu is.. so plzz speak up or I'm unfollowin once again... I'm not playn ppl!!!
Hes not a Christian.
Say now
Fill in the blank: My favorite thing to do in Memphis is:__________________.
Big congrats to the kid on joining the club.
my mama still isn't home :(
Finally disposed of the 24ft long mega desk in the back office! Another room for books, yes!
This is gay for me to say but I like that song by " the wanted"
Sony Ericsson Phone New | Sony and Toshiba Products
#shoutout to my new follower #teamfollowback : )
Why can't I just talk to you like I talk to EVERYONE else?! I'm not awkward! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
RT if you're PROUD to be one of the 3 million directioners.
200 followers!! Thank you everyone!!
Till my assassination
#18conf grant reviewers for the childrens bureau sounds interesting?
A) "Gritty" makes me want to strangle someone; B) 7th Street NW cannot be gritty, re: LivingSocial.
Hard not to be a wings fan.. Haven't missed the playoffs since I've been born.
To follower who complained I used Xmas instead of CHRISTmas: X is part of the labarum(Chi-Rho symbol for CHRIST) & 140 characters isn't much
amazon prime membership & iPhone = this #workingmom's 3 favorite helpers. Other gadgets, apps & svcs I should consider for top 3?
Life is some precious, stay strong in life stay focus have faith
Yes! FINALLY has a video fireplace on streaming. Just what we've all been waiting for.
There is way too much drama for me to deal with. I can't take another load of crap. You keep on sending me mixed messages, and now you.. (c)
you da best!
They order cheap thing in order to make more money.
Thnx! RT New Year's Eve- good time to spend with music- go see playing at Red Eyed Fly on Red River and 8th
Miley defends homosexuality, she gets hate. She helps in Haiti, she gets hate.
So I am on the bus in this boy got in he just looking at me like he kno LOL wtf.
Our PTA won the membership increase award.
What do the Street team members do for y'all?
In need of more Wedding Bands in the Shenandoah Valley to add to >>> www.ShenandoahWeddings.org
last day of classes today and three days of hard core studying then finals begin
Its sad ...but it's so true
i was just saying that!
How is everyone this morning? By Gods grace, I know he's keeping you safe.
we have a special symbaloo edu version,solutions for teachers, schools and districts. Have a look at symbalooedu.com let me know!
It's Pumpkin Feast time guys!Pumpkin Cup Cakes,Pumpkin Cheesecake,Pumpkin Chai,Pumpkin Pie Smoothie,Pumpkin Bread French Toast.Come get some
WooHoo! Glad to here it!
lol yes it is
That did Spurs no favors.
It is more than good. It is the best thing on the planet.
Back at the ER. Super.
before it was cool if you didnt eat and how skinny you were. now its killing someone for touching your food and lovin your rolls
Can you add Univision Deportes to your programming? When? please RT
Anybody else want to ruin my life?
At a bar and suddenly feel odd not sporting a koozie.
Really don't know how long this will take me, and I have my ENTIRE week in Civics to plan.
#YouGettinPunchedIf you insult Taylor Swift in front of Swifties!
So, graduation tho! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
NCAA will probably put Cuse as the 2 seed in UK's bracket now.
It's cool to see people in other states following us! Thanks!
love, love the so fun n informative
But of course...
k babe i got u
Adopting a shelter dog? He or she receives 25% off all of our products and services for life!
Awe- U mad? Jajajajajaja
Ah Landon treats Jamie so well:)
Now a guy on our Facebook says he's brewed 16 times since January 1!!!!
Can you inspire me by telling me I look like a billion bucks!
About to call it a night....Tired as ever -_- Goodnight Tweetie Birds....
Fun fact: The first Lord of the Rings movie was released in the U.S. exactly ten years ago. Don't you feel old now?
Beautiful SUNDAY! Off to Church and maybe a run!
is listening to ravel
Did you guys loose all your snow last night too?
Waiting for See you there Sorry we might be late.
.i rather send it to yu privately...ill pm yu the hook gimme yur info!
Is there anyone I can talk to about catering?
ur a bastard
on the reals though, give me a time and let's hang out.
really cool
I need to get on my 33109....
I'm enjoying Suzanne Collins and "The Hunger Games" series, but I really want to read something else for a change! Suggestions?
Ha! And I'm only in my first year! Mwahaha! :)
overcame some pretty big odds - just finished a 7 game road trip with 11 points to liekly salvage a postseason spot.
Holy #### was the girl with a dragon tattoo a good movie
I know you don't know me but I love listening to your music! You have one of the best voices ever!
Game is on 830
Billions but i know what you mean. :-)
Worked tonight and got some good tips! #werk #bobbyv's
For my next essay by hand, I would sing one of your songs: D sing 'More than this' :D
LOLL we gon get fukkeddd up til die ha
Or early happy birthday, lol.
#ThingsIwantTheMost - good grades without studying ^.^
kills it at porn star karaoke
Eat my leftover pizza
it's really cool, is just playing lol, well that what I do :p
Colorado!! We would love to help you with your printing needs!!!!!
actually I'm writing an article on it so I'm rewatching season 1. Haven't seen any of season 2!
Happy Thanksgiving! We will be closed today - turkey just does not go with pizza.
I gets in and I gets out #PaperFlow$$$$$$
Why did 19 innocent people have to get shot and 6 have died in Tucson today.
people should find pleasure in food, in good food shared with friends. Not crap food eaten with hurting self.
hello there joe
Hahaha i know!!!
haha meant two weekends! Ah, so soon! My first conference, too! Glad it's just down the highway.
Everyone go follow so we can get him to 45k
Having too many girlscout cookies sounds like a pretty "high class" problem lol eat them like they are going out of style!
Making #bigleaguechew shots at 720 tonight..reminding me of when I played little league.
I'm a music promoter, do you have any shows coming up in Nashville?
if i dont do whats best for me, ud wish u neva met me
yes, #optimizations are fun as well, until you break your #code!
Liz Rooks: In 1959, RTP was an ambitious dream in an economy based on agriculture and manufacturing. Today, RTP's annual payroll = 2.9B.
It is...that's why I'm procrastinating on Twitter. SMH.
U already know what i be on
We can't wait! See you soon!!
I'm with your friend on that one. Check email first.
checking! be right back.
Chapter 2012 Page 49 of 366 I can't control it all, learning how to find peace in the figurative back seat.
What... No Prius?
go and you can dance with people!!!!
:-) RT : I used to believe that too, but the opposite.
raining in BOS, but I'm already at in my mind. Tix bought!
My mother has an unnatural fixation on a shirt of mine. I don't know why but she has to comment on it EVERYTIME I wear it.
laugh factory
I hope you feel better too! We are two peas in a pod!
smokin grass living up to my name tyler
check dm bro
lol alix why is your leg in the sink!??O.o
my point wasn't that there is a competition so much as it was that you can't recognise the good without the bad.
Flight delayed. Time to drink more. This seems like a solid, well thought out plan.
Want a nap on this rainy day, but have to get ready to go see cirque du soleil. That'll be more fun anyway!
it's ironic, in porn class last year, directors & perfs discussed the need for the general public to understand
Congrats to my babies S.S. Sister's Keeper Spring '12. Im glad to call them my sorors!!! E-YIP
#FOGC about to break that 200m in volume but the 0002 is still there
Is this the Final Four or the Kentucky Derby? Thoroughbreds everywhere.
It'll be hard to win 4 in a row but we can do it! We did it last year. We can do it again.
Alcoa's CEO, at #GCHarvard, defined #leadership: "Getting others to do what you want them to do when you want them to do it." Do you agree?
YES THEY ARE TO HIGH FOR US TO FAIL!
Any word on the Todd Haley acquisition? Your thoughts? A good day to you.
My number is 7406301373 if you decide :)
are you coming to orlando anytime soon? i really wanna get some tickets for christmas but there are no tours heading my way<3 u
Guess i'm never getting a text back. ): haha
#thevoice christina is so tacky for ignoring during his tribute performance. on her phone she shows her respect for him.....
I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear.
SLIPKNOT will be appointed American Ambassadors to everywhere. Their only instructions will be to kick ass.
Shout out to Sullinger.
followme an help me get followeers
:D Thank you! It was a blast. Look forward to seeing you again soon
tickets haven't sold out yet have they?
Hey students! If you want to come to ICDS for Spring Semester, talk to Elizabeth Goizueta @ the Office of Int'l Programs ASAP
oh damn the Artist and Tree of Life head to head for picture and director! I'd be ecstatic with either.
"I imagine you've seen quite a few bananafish in your day. You haven't? Where do you live, anyway?" With love & squalor, Monsieur Salinger.
The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated.
If vampires were REAl I would gladly let one of them bytches bite the fuck outta me
I think that's for both.
Everyone #gregg 's someone sometime
Ayo lmao thats crazy talk RT : That's what she do play herself blame you then play you
Looked like you at DU on that #KState jump pass TD!
"my momma told me that, sometimes people have to cry out all their tears to make room for a heart full of smiles" - James Lucas Scott<3 OTH
Thanks for coming and for your support. You're the best!
could go to PHYC for Mexican Night, but think I will create it right here at home
and did u get my DM <3
when did my Hard Nipples start trending?
Very slow at Work, so I'm reedy to take an early #Lunch. For some reason when it's lunch time you end up in a #Time #Portal to the next hour
pulled an ellen and hid in the bushes on the trail and jumped out at them! i hope u see this haha
haha, I hope so too! I'm hoping to use Twitter as a way to connect with other scholars, so hopefully it will further my career...
would lean one way or the other
is HTML6 going to be where we go back and remove all of the prefixes?
YES SERIOUSLY. jk, I dont even know what you're tweeting about
Deep conversations going on right now
Check out www.ZeroSpinePain.com for info on endoscopic laser spine surgery to treat back pain.
Rugby is so confusing!
I don't understand what do women want for valentines day. Flowers? Chocolates? Anything else?
: If you (the Federal gov't) embark on a path where you try to protect people from themselves, you're in big trouble.
I concur >> : Totally standing up to bleu chees It is a 3rd each of Chard, Sauv Blanc, and Vermentino
Kansas City we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
Hey, not to beg, but can I have more followers, please?
hahaha you should've gotten it!
Great points. I don't understand why people find match cutting in M so compelling and devastating
I'm driving around and thinking about this: a poke in the butt to check your throat?
Thanks and welcome, Patti Ann! Following back. : )
Surrender's gonna be poppin with AOKI's House Norman Doray ! hmu up for guest list! asap!
Thanks so much for the eggplant fries endorsement, sir.
“: lol not like that just listening to music.” oh and do you like what your listening too?
WE workn on tryna get u back #Grady RT : Whn the next episode air this year...
smoke sumthn bitch
no tour dates yet... we've got more recording to do here in L.A. first before we hit the road again.
HAHAHAHA RT : RT I deeply regret hacking phones for news. We'll go back to just making shit up.
we're you in 7th period with me!?
Agar and Petri Dishes
Is there a good place to find the order in which you should read "Civil War"?
If using a chart in ur #resume, also tell story in text. When converting the file for online apps, will loose the formatting.
I slept from 12-3 and just getting in bed. So much fun
Thank you to all has made successful! Come check out Fall 2011 Jewelry!
It does indeed. Talk to you tomorrow.
Imagine is Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao weren't such pussies and were fighting each other tonight. Justin Bieber in the ring?
We've got 8 of those 250+ certified users on our team
: Probably should've waited until he finished that outing before you spread my nonsense, haha. Yay, velocity.
Elston Turner (Elkins HS) helped Texas A&M defeat OU 62-53 in Big 12 tourney action tonight. Ray Turner (Jones HS) added 12 for A&M.
i'm the only person at my skool that reps #RihannaNavy :)
Has a hard life,Plz dont make it any worse wit all those hate msges.Do it make u feel better?puttin dwn sum1 4no reasn!?
Its so damn cold man
Had a Blast taking/assisting & today! & loved meeting , , & all the fam!
- Will post them...
There aren't many fans who would fret over losing Balester permanently. I'm one of those fans.
uh oh, not the finger
I don't turn heads i break necks
Chicagoans! When you're in the mood for seafood, what's your favorite place to go?
Just landed back in PHX. But we have no gate. Um... Crickets! Who messed up the schedule?
expressing skepticism about NY Post article (might be a plant by Caesars to improve IPO) and GBT-FTP deal being a sure thing.
next time you see Casey, tell him I said that
Go out into the world today and love the people you meet.
Christmas is coming~ what do you buy for your family? I've bought funny Christmas cards, beautiful lights and do curated my Christmas Tree~
Are you excited about the new online auction coming to Lexington Plastic surgeons? Well stay tuned for more info!
guys if you haven't already bought TSP's EP off iTunes you totally should.
Sick fights so far! More action packed then some PPV's! Lets go Hendricks and Diaz. Who are you picking
I swear im surrounded by a fakes, they smile at me but as soon as i turn my name is said more then they blink.
RT We're telling Romney supporters in Iowa to vote at Des Moines International airport, then locking them up.
lol I think 1 might try out and then a couple guys that are just friends lol
that is clever- I bet he hijacked your wireless-
becuz she said he is always talking crap about her. So she is annoyed. lol.
"Everything I've been taught about American fashion is wrong!" - foreign fashion designer who moved to the US on Halloween.
To put JP Morgan's $2B loss in perspective - its enough money to pay 48,000 Americans the average salary for one year.
Dancing well, show me what you can do girl All dolled up, you know what we came to do girl.
Now...headed to Starbucks for a skinny extra hot grande mocha!
you got it! Great content as always Nataly!
You did get to see some sweet rock skipping though!
A South Florida teen wants you to meet her to help fight drunk driving this morning. Her story is just ahead on NBC 6
Midnight In Paris is one if the best Woody Allen movies. You are seriously missing out if you haven't seen it.
Just got out of class and am hella tired. Last week of school. Graduation is right around the corner....literally.
Playmaker/makers in front four is my biggie. Also, a lil worried about DB's. Number of guys gone.
Any takers. Im Will to teach anyone my Azonto so when i get famous I'll have fans Lmao
Watching Nascar with
Hi You have to follow us for me to reply to your DM :-)
Lol, a trail of J-Potter's social media bread crumbs led us straight to you!
My friend just launched Can't wait to use it for my pets the next time I need to find a friend to watch the lil' monsters.
What is your favorite song from the new album?
any recommendations on donor management applications?
nope I'm good but you can check Facebook if you wanna know what up.
forever 21 maybe?
Overheard in fidi: "yo, I really wanna look at that building when I'm high."
Sure, stock characters have their uses, but I still think people prefer a well developed character that stands out from the pack.
and from what I can see, U got Body girl!
thanx. spread the word, kid needs all the help he can get
It got cloudy all of a sudden ..
Ugh I'm so mad.
aww thank you<3 I was talking about the weather, but you still made my day. Thank you<3
It was great to see you, , even briefly. And thank you for those tasty spiced nuts!
awesome! im great, thanks :D im about to go spend the rest of my lazy sunday with my bestfriend c:
Mia? Ever gonna go back to SYTUCD??
I know I'm pretty cute I have no body but you look at the physical? and not on feelings? Well
RT - Geek.com/articles/geek-cetera/prius-project-bicycles-can-change-gears-with-just-a-thought-20110725/ -Brain to trigger gears
Brugh, u need to go to the
stop licking butthole!
What's up peoples?=) nothin ok ._.
Going to saddle up with an Old Fashioned and root for #MadMen on the #Emmys tonight. Draper would be proud.
Embarrassment is an emotional proxy for the sensation of learning something, usually experienced publicly and accidentally.
#SEM2011 got to chat with fellow IU ethno on flight from Detroit to Phili. Then another ethno for triple threat cab ride.
true! Such hooligans hanging in the park after dark.
Where did my gum go ? Can I have a peace, kaliii can I have a peace please, did I swallow it ? # help :(
Was definitely just off from work!
Danke! Now I need a shoe upgrade. Might've been part of problem.
Same here! Great meeting you, and excellent seminar.
This episode is what I have been waiting for all my life... If you read the books, then you know what Im saying
not sure. Will take some careful planning. Next summer
I neither loved nor hated it.
Trying not to puke on my way to graduation.
Let's go #MiamiDolphins !
Lurking ass lol
Our Larry? our dear Grandpa 507? Someone asked me to ask you to say "taco" apparently it's "cute" in a czech accent.
can't believe its new years already
Team pro is the current chip leader of the
#Rockies Manager Jim Tracy named NL Manager of the Year by the Sporting News
if your middle names not jacob what is it???
"This user does not exist."
I am watching my two favorite guys skip bayliss and George Jefferson they crack me up
send us an email via our website and well help you get in contact with a couple of people. Hang in there. W.entrydeniedmovie.com
how funny! I was coming up with theories on how the town got its name (most had to do with flatulence...yes, I'm five).
Are those from Payless? :)
did you send your mailing address to our promo people?
Dude was that yo girl oops my bad
I would love to review all that work stuff but I have a meeting with some fish. Off to go snorkeling! Hold the fort down!
RT : "If my 2 girls can get a chance & fair shot, then why shouldn't every child in America get the same?" Dr. Michael Lu.
bestfriend im leaving on the 30th and be there the 31st and i gotta leave on the 13th btw i dont have my phone
how are you
I love him! I can't wait for them to go home. They need it so desperately.
Obama flip on marriage will increase his margin of victory in big blue cities and widen the margin of defeat everywhere else
SO sorry :(. Can I help with anything? Hope you all can REST.
Floyd Fairweather never misses a chance to duck.
This shit is #Killing me
There's always that one person that will always have your heart<3
damn you. haha
“ Daytona! RT “: Saying "Good times, good times..." after remembering something fun.””
NEED MORE ROBOT PICS PLZ THANK U.
IT'S ROBIN!!!!! ROBIN MARRIES BARNEY!!!!!!!
Heading out of town...solo
Glad The Darkest Hour was a free Redbox rental because this movie is terrible.
oh thats wonderful.
Should I post some of my song lyrics on here?? :)
what is your opinion on blackberry compared to other smart phones???? I love blackberry, but im concerned.
I need to stop eating and start losing weight !.
I was made to work. If you are equally industrious, you will be equally successful.
hahaha you love it.
CLIPPED WINGS: Qantas wields axe to keep flying high
"Books - the best antidote against the marsh-gas of boredom and vacuity." -- George Steiner
this ---> RT : Recognition is not about the reward it is about the Thank You via
rt RAWNashville: Hey girls check out our fabulous fashion designer who will be featured next week THURSDAY
With an iron fist!
Watching extreme makeover to see im already crying, help put a stop to bullying
he's only soft on the inside ;)
do you carry the film? If you'd like to let me know.
Congrats on the 40K!!
What is the main character's journey? Do the ghosts help her to feel more in some way?
Music is Art: Art is not a competition. Support your fellow artists
#ApTip: Parenthetical remarks (however relevant) are (usually) unnecessary.
Keep calm and swag it out.
Educating San Diego High Schools on renewable energy, Anything for the kids! www.411greenwave.com
Why are the "Yellow Pages" like Nursing Homes?
your an idiot dude.
Right now Keith Olberman is fuming over a personal attack from a Sandwich Artist who rang up his combo w/ a fountain soda instead of bottle.
cold and rainy...makes me want to get back in bed. What do you do to stay motivated on these kinds of days?
Thank you for letting everyone know CHEATING IS OK!!!!!! Sure F'd up this decision.
Pool boy. Please - bugs are icky
For the museum label writers in the crowd: MT The FUNNIEST ever notice seen in a museum display case... twitpic.com/684u4b
I really want to go see X-Men: First Class again...
Morning!! I'm good, still have a cold :-(
My head hurts so bad! :(
clearly! Weirdo
BOUT TO GO OUT TO EAT AGAIN OMG THESE B-DAY PRESENTS JUST KEEP ON COMING
celebrates his 300th live show TONIGHT at ! He'll be leaving us for #LA. soon, so go check him out!
Damn... I can give u a link to da fight
yes, of the 12k visits roughly 5k seemed to have clicked through to the follow up post
RT if u want Ariana to come to ur house...:)
OK I am POSITIVE I AM A JINX lol
no the fact is I was not invited to the celebration of gospel
I know it is late and not many people are left at the library but that doesn't mean yelling in it is suddenly acceptable
Did you just "With a boner in the corner"
C-A-P-S Caps Caps Caps
Great! We're so glad you enjoyed it!
Help me remember where and I went on our date. RSVP to #Twanksgiving 2. Can enter once per day. Win $50 to
17 Then Cain beckoned his wife to conceive, so he became the ancestor of Enoch, and built a citadel after the consensus of human belief.
he says he's an actor but ya know it's him we're talking about LOL
Yeah me too. I got Miami and OKC in the finals...with The Lebrons taking it this year lol.
What's going on with the Lakers?
The unions have agreed to take the cuts. so whats it about now?
taking the developer build of Google Chrome for Mac OSX out for a spin. Wish me luck!
Let me calm down before I have an orgasm on myself!
oh it is. my building has been outside taking pictures.
A couple of more hours and I am heading back east. West coast you were interesting.
He's even more attractive than all the KPOP boys out there :)
it wasn't what I had expected at all.
thanks for the mention!
Use the force wisely.
Heh. Nice. Let's pour one out for the sultry hot Laura Allen, though. Can we get her on an HBO show at some point (for the naked)?
No. They all died.
Are you thinking about presenting at #edcampDetroit? Stop by our idea board and share it with others! bit.ly/hsb7kb
If we would build on a sure foundation in friendship, we must love friends for their sake rather than for our own.
Ive been looking for work to be an assistant wedding photographer.
Time to plan the first ever Glow Stick party. Lights out, only glow sticks.
Ready to go watch the grizzlies play!!
or Televisions of Saints?
thanks for all the info ! I was nervous I would buy the wrong ticket to get into the MONSTER PIT !
It’s also a fake account. Sweet.
Week has been buuusyy! How bout yours?
Anyone in the library?
let's kick it FORSURE this weekend.
Could the real reason be that everybody has already seen the Swedish version, and has no interest in the remake?
I doubt u will see this, But are u dating someone now? If so please tell us, but just know we love u no matter what
Inessa is just about the dumbest person I've ever met.
if justin went shirtless during the believe tour.. i would soo freak and die and faint and faint and faint and jump on stage and attack hm
Glad to see Randy Shannon will be the Miami Hurricanes head coach for another 4 years. He deserves it and the U will be back on top!
Loving Your Tweets<U+2665>
Interested in a career in Theological Librarianship? Visit AAR SBL expo booth 251 Sat-Tues to speak to ATLA reps.
RT ":People can't change the truth, But the truth can change people."
Oh my gosh. Tomorrow's only Wednesday.
Let me know let me know let me know
It's gonna be an itchy night! Scratch
One minute I'm happy as can be and the next I'm crying my eyes out!! Why can't things just be simple!!!
where r u? I saw u wildin with that lucha libre mask on last night lol
how did you break your nose?!?!
I hope you & Elham have so much fun in Hawaii!!
must have bitch ass,ho ass,punk pussy ass,subway cookie soft ass nigga,wrote on my forehead
you would be looking at my shit lol jk. & you work soo you have money, you can buy yourself one & then buy me one (:
I so wish Jordan would punch Shelly!! I wish she wouldn't go home for either b/c that b deserves it!!
ANNOUNCING MWSA 2011 BOOK AWARD-Historical Fiction Event -Once a Knight By Walt Shiel-Bronze
Lakers v Nuggets tonight at 8:30 MT Bynum and Birdman are day-to-day. Nuggs have beaten LA 4 x in Den. this season
Again exactaly why I waited -_-
Sarcasm is just one more service I offer.
time isnt real mother earth is
so the filmmaker tip here is "don't pay the crew" according to the "article" :)
Great minds think alike! ;-)
Excited to have you in SF this coming weekend! Going to be hot!
Strength is a matter of the made-up mind. -John Beecher
Friday! Friday! Which bitch should I fuuuuuuuuuck!?
... you gotta try SaiWai Ramen on Irving... you may never go back to Genki Ramen again :) ~ Russell
We got our flight today! The whole family will be in San Diego!
CeeeeeeeeLooooooo, what's up w/ u?
Holy big bag o' meds, Batman!
RT : NOW FOLLOWING VIP'S>>>
Black Diamond Bay rules
My family is all I have they keep me grounded especially my grandma!!!
I finished school like 2 months ago and you dont hear me braggin about it. Guess who's skipping graduation!!!.
who is jenna fischer?
I saw the truck a block away, but it turned right… : I think I hear the UPS truck coming down the street…
If "crowd" means "one guy," true. RT Crowd gets vocal protesting Brugmann's comment.
Some people on #gifboom are so damn weird
Follow me & tweet me for a follow back!
If my son dont think the Heat play as a team he sleep lol
Somebody let me know when the Fire Les Miles bandwagon is rolling through town. I might be ready to jump on.
10 hour video render crashed last night lost the project that the Boss needs to see and approve. Jims sick today Maybe I can blame it on him
Tomorrow night 7-9 stop in for some free It will be like grocery store samples when you were a kid, except you are older!
My roommate works at a Print shop as well. I imagine that it's awfully hectic.
Amazon Set to Give Prime Members Unlimited Video Streaming?
Stuart Shulman, Univ Mass: need to share the work of big data from web across people and machines.
I do lol
The worst frozen pizza tastes better than the freshest salad.
Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash.George S. Patton
ok. I'll let you know when he txts back!
I'm not the type to beg but...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
is so dark when he touches himself its a black on black crime
And what makes you think he'd listen lol?
Its still early on a Wednesday, but where are u my Sac'rs!? Take this lil piece of info. 1st person to get your sac today get a free tshirt!
no worries! we look forward to hearing from you! love playing @
Well at least I'm feeling better than yesterday. Go figure. haha. posted a new blog entry on my blog. Link's in a tweet I posted before.
If everything you've said to me has been true, then all my stars are leading me to you.
All is well. *nods head yes.
suck it up. Lol
It's our last day this week has been life changing, we created art, hot tracks & our sonic vision came alive
OMG! You can pay me this weekend, lol.
Sometimes it takes a little "over the top effort" to make the seemingly impossible - possible!
Go Chargers! Wear your Chargers gear tonight and get 15 % off your bill! Don't forget live Jazz with Joe Marillo from 7pm to 9pm!
We did it again!!! The International Librarians Reception is SOLD OUT! For the lucky people who have a ticket, I will see you there!
he'll be getting on the Charles Barkley diet in a decade or so!
What are three books every baseball fan should read? ( not counting yours ;)
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
My hair better not come out burgundy -.- or else ima be pissed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I would love to come up and guest lecture.
Thank you! :)
It's 11:00 already! Wow the day is flying by like whoa!
ETHAN IS ALEX I KNOW IT
great newsletter on the single best career tip. That will make you or anyone you are interviewing stand out!
aight, ima come stay ya dorm for da weekend lol When do u come back to da burbs?
Watch out NYC a pissed off lady is coming! IRENE
You did it! nice work ladies. RT : Week 1, Day 1 of half marathon training...eek!
Happy New Year everyone! And my office is closed tomorrow, so 2012 is getting off to a great start! One more day to hang out with the fam :)
"'Interesting' is the great focuser."
GD Barrel Select is dangerous in my house! Love the stuff!
you bitch!
yeah yoo!! Like i been trynna get used to tumblr but i dnt get it and i cant find anyone..:/
Evil men shed tears for no one. - Laedron Telpist, The Circle of Sorcerers
What if you promise you are sorry and you won't do it again?
Why does the awful german lady always check me in?
RT : says we hate the s-word, but we r in sales.
OH I'M CURIOUS, YEAAAHH
This train is going somewhere. :-)
Senior center for LGBT community to open in New York
Addy's wisdom of the day! balance your input and output
Contact me at: . Thanks, neil antin
can't wait to see you!
Should we stay open during finals week? We are student-run which means we have finals too. Let us know if you would order food this week.
For the curious, yesterday's creamsicle fudge took 2 pounds of sugar. 2 POUNDS.
Starting to contact people in regards to the PSA we are shooting in two weeks, it is going to be absolutely awesome and timely.
& the Shrines or BBQ? I'll take Shrines.
Yup! Still avail :-) 2 GA tickets will give them to you for $40, I paid $50. Doors open tonight at 7 p.m.
HOPE TODAY MY DREAMS COME TRUE N YUH FOLLOWED ME N LATER IM GOIN TO YUR CONCERT :) YUR THE BEST SELLY PZL FOLLOW ME
": Wow. I'd like more of that please! " you got it! Clutch down the stretch
people at the bar were too impressed with candace...and me.
too good!
RT Angels sign Pujols and CJ Wilson (wow!) Halos fans rejoice.
thanks for the retweet! Do you guys have a digital version? Can I sign up?
show me the venue, I'd love to make it happen & practice my salsa LOL
you said it, not me! buahaha
(Which I can't show you now, because it's dark. But take my word for it. Full skyline, plus planes coming in over the river.)
lol its life
Not using a condom is gross, my vagina has a dress code
sounds good. My offices are down by the ferry building near a blue bottle. Tasty coffee. :)
Bride and groom.
2012 Final Four Program has a great picture of Brian Stafford on page 6, and his grandfather Dave is on page 168 (Cal's NCAA title team)
yeah...it's also the day Anne Frank was arrested by the Nazis...I'm just sayin'
I'm doing some reasearch & I need your *HELP* ---- I would like to see a show on tv about _______________.
- do you like twitter?
Dana White is going to be a billionaire like Vince McMahon!
Off to the Airport..
oh man that would be awesome lol get me one while your at it lol
I want more freedom, but that's too vague. The question is what will I do with my free time?
Let me get up for i be layin here all day lol
Thanks so much!! Merry Christmas to you too!!!!
yup :(( but either way it would be absolutely amazing of you if you promoted us in any way possible :P
RT Woo ski swap got me some boots :D / #score!
Ahh, I see. Nice.
Love it! I have so much to learn from you, guru! Shall see you soon!
Brewer's Opening Day today! Go Brew Crew!
that did it -- thanks!
Looks like we'll have near perfect weather in Pensacola next week!
Netflix is like a gym membership for lazy people. You'll pay every month... but you'll never use it.
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! and also Happy Birthday to Eye of the Storm Media who is officially one year old today! Be Blessed!
great spot on this morning. Looking forward to seeing you on the field next season
We are #Marquette!
gee I wonder why...
i'm preparing myself
Congrats to for the movie spin-off!!
Hopefully all you will ever need to take is the meds
A sighting!
RT : Human Stories and capturing the dream for "born to shine" by REAL People
why thank you ! preciate that to the fullest
beans are in the pressure cooker and simmering on the stove! #wishmeluck!
well today is gonna reveal the two in the finale of american idol im hoping and praying Joshua and Jessica stay and phil phillips b gone
I believe you can boot from a Thunderbolt drive.
um if he like blows up in ur face (Lolz) sorry I just pictured it. Im gonna Deffenitly defend u
“: I have comfy clothes on and they aren't coming off. TGIF.” this.
HA! You actually have 12!! Impressive-I'm jealous - I'm not sure more than 3 of my 358 follows actually know I exist!!! HA!!
Because your not cool unless you have a twitter Amber!!
Everytime When I say I love you! you never write back!!! :/ <\3
Nice hotel though
dude I forgot about the hazelnut merengue espresso beverage. It was by far the best espresso beverage I've ever had.
hit me up,. lets network
Hey Timmy T: Stay in the pocket, stay calm and hit open receivers. Don't over think this shit.
Cano can’t find groove for Yankees
Life is good right now.
Don't tell I've been talking smack about Alf. He kinda loves Alf.
Been working my tail off in the Windy City - LOVE this City!!! But still can't wait to get back to Arizona tonight.
Thx! Back atcha! :) Enjoying connecting w/you here.
Nothing standing out for me today ... Yet :).
Just roasted and ate all the beets. M.
"So the writer who breeds more words than he needs, is making a chore for the reader who reads." - Dr. Seuss #Happy Birthday, Dr. Suess!
Happy 9,400th tweet <33 Maybe ill hit the big 10 by the weekend? :D
I know he smokes! I found his little stash and he has clear eyes in his car! come on lol
Good tell her i sad good job(:
Homestretch this morning - who's up with us???
well im going to bed since i cant tweet from my page right now smh! peace out yall!
Peyton to negotiate with the Broncos!!
RT DaMarcus Ganaway earning praise for his routes. Big WR with a Burress type build.
Well you'll be seeing just me, I think... but it'll still be fun. I promise!
Betcha didnt know: Williamsburg was the center of the virginia #revwar effort
Stayed up all night, then slept till 3.
thanks for the retweet and you're welcome!
This World is all screwed up. God is shaking his head
#Sarcasm. Of course the fact Braun did it at Petco makes it even more incredible
We already have.
imy too bo
Yep! You heard right! June 1st! RT : did you say free bacon
What's this!? My first #tweers from you and I get a broken site. You do need to upgrade that phone.
It's almost 9am and im suppose to be leaving then. How do these high schoolers do it!!!
Dang my eyes are red!
Are you attending our RichmondGATE Core Four Biz planning courses this month? We want your feedback!
Is that on the Detroit bench?
I love mind fucking girls when I walk past them . They b knowin
I was watching. That's too funny.
I hope that you feel better!!!
i cant wait for impact tomrrw
Daniel Snyder has completely lost his mind. What a goof. 3 #1s and a #2 pick for that Baylor QB is absurd!
NBA courtside may be the goat iPad app
PickUpLine: Hi. I'm like a tropical island: hot, wet, and waiting for tourists.
1. Allow me to explain: a few years ago, Mr. Landis was reportedly working on a biopic of William Gaines, publisher of Mad Magazine, etc.
Not what I've seen..rooms go for 500+
Got $50 from recycling. Hell yeah
The website for IAN stated that there was now a fee to join. How much is that fee?
Wow. Offensive explosion
Thanks baby!
The world looks very different now. top of the line entertainment is here to change it some more. go diffrence, jri by
I am full of air.
Ha is it weird that I show pictures of my friends to my family?
This is what heartbroken feels like
i'll see you on september 17th :)
My phone is gonna be taken away D:
we got em next season , go bulls
all I can say is what the fuck
you gotta print out Athens if the kids make it; imagine a city of neighborhoods of different cultures' settlements
“The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live.” — Flora Whittemore
My grandma is hilarious
And unexpected of you.
thanks Nancy!
RT : This is getting more interesting than most thought. Three sources: Extension of talks now a definite possibility.
Be good or be good at it
if i get your tweets to my phone can i get a tweet back? ;)
Staying cool gonna try making those rootbeer float popcicles and some with pepsi for pepsi floats yum
Confetti Cake Blizzard >>>>>>>>
Do you use the phone speakers or earbuds / headphones? The quality of the mp3 also matters. Did you buy or rip using iTunes?
THIS IS NOTHING WAIT FOR THE CAMPS JUST LIKE IN NAZI GERMANY !!DON;T WORRY YOU'LL SEE THEM AFTER YOU SHOWER
I forgot my lunch :(
North Carolina... you suck.
The #drupal glass ceiling: Why are most Drupal agencies capped at 30 people ?
If I had a gun, I'd be just like my hero Bryant Medina
When my legs ache, my body burns, and there's sweat all over my body, I know I'm doing something right.
Your very welcome Greg. Nice to meet u! Great day to u.
Sometimes I think the solution to my problems is stealing a page from Tyler Perry. "Theo Allyn's Drink." "Theo Allyn's Bank Account." etc.
Tortilla West!! Oh Norfolk, how I miss thee.
we have tried EVERY following spree you've had and you still haven't followed us !!! PLEASE #FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE !!!
You know, that was actually really sweet. Thank you. :)
I didn't say a word!
If you're only selfless when its convenient, you're selfish. You're also an asshole.
you're a madden 99 in my heart
What do we live for, if not to make the world a better place for one another? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
i saw a sloth yesterday and i felt EXACTLY like ALSO, they were feeding her.
Today, Re-Grand Opening of King Soopers at 3100 S. Sheridan, Denver. We'll be here from 1-7pm sampling our delicious Italian sausage.
Big 12 tournament >school
Instructions 4 Teacher Apprec. Week? 5th gr to bring "Drakes Cakes, Ring Dings, Twinkies..." Unaware much??
The Very Best - Warm Heart Of Africa (w/ Ezra Koenig) - 12:54 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
he didn't get it :( I felt pretty bad because it was a ong process and now he's kinda screwed! How was the show?!?
you should always be able to fart in front of your significant other. In the case of work, do the walk-n-fart.
Are contacts a pain to wear? I'm considering grabbing some... Glasses get old. But I don't wanna touch my eye :-(
Talked to about the #drivnapparel record breaking Super Drift Jump with They're stoked - details to follow.
nite sleep tight
Start your day by doing something nice for someone else. No matter what happens after that, you will feel better.
Hi Jose, Thanks for the follow. Cheers!
Don't feel like it though.
for ratings they like having the following but we agree w u. rt I wish they would go and find someone new 4 the bach n bachlet.
Are u coming to the playboy mansion event with me ur one and only babymama!!???? ": mwah"
how are you doing
Listening to my music with my Mom. Swag
2nd time catching a volunteer reviewer plagiarizing summaries from Amazon. Frustrating. I shouldn't have to police adults.
But it sure emptied quickly RT : Heartbreak at Union South after a #RoseBowl loss. No one out of line though.
Be slow to promise but quick to perform.
30 more minutes until series finale of #DesperateHousewives...not ready for it to end <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Hey, stop it! We're NOT wrapping up. Come on! You saw what they tweeted. Pls. don't worry #mla12 we'll be around a long time!
I'm never going to Oklahoma. RT : In Oklahoma, it's actually illegal to take a bite out of another person's hamburger.
I'm Going to see Blake Griffin's Madison Square Garden debut tonight
-chuckles- Not possible
RT - Former Seattle Seahawks, New England Patriots, & New Orleans Saints FB/RB Heath Evans has accepted a multi-yr c...
Man you gotta re-sign with the Clippers and your homeboy BG32 do it for the fans man!
Good question. RT : Without MS-DOS, would the evolution of #tech ever have made it to where it is today?
That's amazing! Feel free to email at if you need more info from us. Thanks again!
STL misses Berkmam. Carpenter is not the answer. He's being exposed.
Snow Prediction? 1-2 inches, 3-4 inches or 5+ inches. With me? Savings predictions? $1,000s!!! Answer? Savings' forecast looks better!
Oh my gosh, the petty dramas of young, privileged and beautiful hipsters is so endlessly fascinating to me! Keep it coming, indie films!
Tim Dillard is so good that he's the closer to the closer. Axford his Dillard's setup man, dammit.
How do I convince someone to pay me just to learn all this great new stuff?
AWESOME RT We have six slots for Students to Pitch their Startups (free) at the DEMO Fusionio Enterprise event in S.F. Jan 5th
Today, wellness plans are utilized by many. Add massage therapy to your plan to help deal with stress, repetitive muscle stress and more.
#ShoutOut to my new follower >;)
Hey Black C, I took that photo of you guys at my studio, remember?
Haha, oh I bet!
Matter of Justice and Fairness
S/o to one of tha strongest women I've ever met tha mother of my boys I will love you forever
Balance is the key...in all dimensions of life it will make or break you!!
thanks for the love!
Yeah, maybe no one is perfect, but I believe you were pushing your luck.
Th lure of the distant and difficult is deceptive. The great opportunity is where you are. John Burroughs
haha true true :p
We have to learn the lesson of not striving for ourselves and of having no choice for ourselves but of trusting in God's care.
sumbody hit the line
With and fml
Just saw commercial for Chernobly Diaries- intrigued. This Priceline ad with the nun looks pretty good too. I've been drinking.
Ready for #SXSWi Day 1 (via )
Woke up & was hungry so went to Safeway. A) it's packed here, b) there's this middle aged man behind me in line with SO MUCH COLOGN ON.
Tuesday, Not the same Without :)
nobody school tomorrow
Hope you were able to get your Rohrbachs fill for the day!
"Today the Lord has obtained your agreement: to be his treasured people, as he promised you, and to keep his commandments." Deut 26:18
you've been my friend! #Firstgradeandcounting ;)
Well established fact. Jesus was terrible at baseball.
so your not even gonna lemme talk to my mom?
I never wanted to go
thank God for this mornings service
yeah, I served my country too. Too bad High School dropouts like you get in. Met way too many dipshits like you in the military.
Who plays FIFA?
Thanks, I didn't even think about using tri training plans. Duh, sounds like common sense now! :)
RT meeting over, heading out to breakout sessions to do the "homework" we were given... Don't these people know I don't, and ne ...
Best NC-17 movie: Showgirls, not because of the sex, but because it's so AWESOMELY bad.
RT (P)assion = Faith, Family & Outdoors. This is who I am. (Outdoors meaning 90% #Fishing) <--- sounds like a great life to me
when am I going to see you??
New study suggests 44% of users won't click a facebook ad. You need more than just a FB page, a good web site will help....
and check out the mixtape link on my profile
u know some lil hs kid asked me to play that tonight....suburban wannabe cool kid
Presidents like mint chocolate chip
Went to to buy some ingredients for tomorrow's video. Hardest thing I've had to do. Go there and NOT EAT. Not easy at all.
Happy Halloween! Guess how many sandwiches we will sell tomorrow and the winner receives a $30 dinner!!
Need to drop 1 - TO, Lance Moore or Nate Washington. Please advise.
Also, your $5 bill isn't counterfeit. Just old. Keep it, it could be worth more than $5 in the futuretime!
Just finished #50for40 birthday ride!!!
So I'm Watching Fear Factor Havent Seen This In Years...........
i call a truce xD
#Celtics can shore up w/ some good off-season moves and be right back in the mix next season. Big Three all the way.
i hate dairy. i hate bread.
I've been using it since I was 10–it has always worked, no addiction, no lip destruction :)
if i could find someone who naps as much as me i would be all for having a nap battle.
BREAKING NEWS: Coroner confirms that the remains found last month near Marion belong to missing Noblesville grandma Dorothy Heard
Regardless of when you begin work in the vineyard, you'll get paid the same, but you probably shouldn't slack off
Welcome to the team Shannon Myers, Mark Agosta, and Tori Murray!!!!
RT : 11 Days until the next issue of the Dig-mag. We are really excited about this issue. A lot of great stuff!
I love the internet. Tonight's big find: video of Madonna's Blond Ambition Tour. Spent the evening getting reacquainted with it.
Just learned the success baby meme is actually gonna turn 5 this year. must say i was surpriced
um no I will never claim jersey just passing through
sleep is for the dead luvy.
I guess the last half of my soup is going uneaten. I've completely lost my appetite.
I know todays gonna be a good day because I already lost 5 followers
Ginger fro!!!!
#nhlconferencenames Tundra, Cold, Mountains, Warm
Happy Mornings Divas & Gents
haters of #Jelena if you're happy for they finish then you aren't a real #belieber or
It's worth it :)
Clippers or Grizzlies?
Brr! Too cold to get out of bed. Working from under the covers today.
Would love to see NHL Playoff social metrics after the Cup. Some great conversation/multi-screen stuff in market,
Arsenal remain 3rd! We must win against West Bromich in order to make it to the Champions League!
Less than one week till the Rams Head Show! Get your tickets from us soon!
yes! Lol....that's a good start!
I think I've had too much chocolate espresso cake to go to sleep any time soon...
What a great time of year! The weather is heating up and so are the #NHLPlayoffs! Let's Go !
Heading up north to get married this weekend! Can't wait to see everyone and have one kickass party weekend!
that game was fixed.
Breakfast scramble, buttermilk biscuits and cantaloupe spritzers! It's time for brunch!
Look for us on the roads! We out chea!
I stood up to a tall person today!:) #takethattallperson #shortpeoplearentafraid c;
Kobe's pull up jumper >>>>>> x 1000
For any Pilot Never Forget
Would The Hunger Games be as good if it were written as an adult series? I think not.
My mom just asked if stoudemire lifted weights.
Everything I wanted and more! SO GOOD!
will you wake up please :\
save time and money click the link on my profile i have everything target does. Lower prices free shipping
I gamble with brown rice
Genuine love is the most powerful weapon we have against the enemy. We can overcome evil with good (Romans 12:21). –Joyce
“: Seriously, if you don't like bacon, you're a bitch. #GuyCode”that, and the fact that I havent mailed your letter makes me one
The show is at 10am not 8pm
u gonna have any more???
what up fam!!
Whoops - Bad call RT : Lob City should have focused on being Defense City, Memphis put on a clinic!
Thanks for stopping by!
Hello to all my followers (new and seasoned)!
so cute! I will pass it on;)
Wat is going on with me right I can't believe I feel like this #Fallin/hurt
Remember that container Mr Dehne had his fruits in? Kenny was high so he just left it on a street corner
welcome to 2011, oh wait, 2012
congrats to y'all for getting it done
When I Fight I Tell The Bitch. Don't Pull My Weave Or Ima Beat How Much I Paid For It Outta You
Great day today, moved into new office, made lots progress on client iPad project. Done for tonight :)
well he's not gonna win a ring this year lol so that will be up for discussion once again when he gets eliminated
haha, what u wanna talk about? :)
Health Tips: do not eat over cooked cheese (i.e. over cooked pizza) it's full of known cancer causing chemicals -grill lightly
Lol tf RT : Birds have been caught masturbatin while goats, hyenas, primates, bats & sheep have been witnessed engagin in oral sex
:) He's amazing, beyond amazing always making me smile<3
LOVE that you are using the title of my movie "Media Malpractice," but can I at least get a shout out? ;-)
Oh, I assumed they were hating on you for quoting Lou Holtz.
We love you! Good job my alien :)
how you been George?
Are you an unsigned or indie #CountryMusic artist/band & looking for someone to review your music? Contact us on how to schedule a review!
Educators are discussing ways they have acted to mediate meaning and cultural issues in the classroom.
Oh boy!!! Pandora is killing it today
Very loud Bagpiper, in a kilt, at the Irish Channel on the corner if 5th and H Streets NW. We will update as the situation unfolds.
Katy Perry's cat is named Kitty Purry?? I am not a fan of her music, but I admire her ability to play with puns.
In the band, who can do the most authentic Irish accent?
What's happening?
I continue to be mildly amused that my washing machine has a "casual" setting. Que?!
Right. Or boycott is recent, since these things are planned like five years in advance. Aigh.
the good wife, really?
I love how 's Keith Meka just got to ask a question on on LIVE coverage.
- My point is that MJ teams never lost like Lakers have to Mavs last season and Nugs this series. MJ would have killed Bynum.
It's like we're waiting for a show to start ;)
Finishing up lunch with Sushi Wabi is great now ice cream!!
Jazz theory 2 final in ten minutes. Bouncing off a band concert until then, omgeeeee! Today is fast paced!
Words can't explain how much I hate west test.
I'm going driving for the first time! How about a good luck follow? :)
Hungry as Hell
my back freakin hurts like hell!
my HS reunion is coming in june ah!
RT : Lasseter on iterative process: "every Pixar production was the worst motion picture ever made." (at some point) work at ...
Thanks for the #FF ... missed it, but appreciate it!
Filmed on locations in Oakland - #Sen. Boxer visited the set... #Eric McCormack was in rare form racing up a down escalator!
Lease is signed on the apartment! Let the countdown to #sagrad begin!
Good news-- Employers surveyed plan to hire 19.3% more college graduates this year than last. -
Lamar is a bum! Guy left his heart and head in LA ...
Wishing I could read all day - need to finish FIRE BURN AND CAULDRON BUBBLE by before Book Club tomorrow.
That 78 foot wave was amazing!
ahah! yeah i think i will!
Can't wait for the big news to be audience-ready!
aye yo i dnt have ur number to tell you i left early today.
's presentation for the Southern Maine Wellness Council #SOMEWell on Social Networks
What did one lesbian vampire say to another lesbian vampire? See u next month
I've been ruminating about which color to get since I got my ipad3!
Hahahahahahahaha, going HAM on them pictures yaamean.
I just got here so I'm guessing you don't like spandex or cottage cheese
lol your welcome! GoodNight :P
Use text marketing to let your fans access your schedule. www.zesmo.com
It really sucks that you rather talk about there sin problem then wanting to pray for em nd offer the solution of freedom .
Eiswein - German word for "ice wine." An intense desert wine made from very ripe grapes frozen on the vine.
Groupies follow me like twitter (;
hell yeah bitch. And we got another car comin. Did you expect something nice?
Funny how one minute you can be so close to someone & the next it`s like you never knew them.
especially not by a dilettante from the field of Education whose goal it is to rewrite a book written four times already
Ok, my contractor is still gettin the work n & I dare not stop him....already weeks behind
Congrats on your nom!
you're sweet, just come by for a seminar. I'll keep you updated!
teller hit my line lol
I have an eventful week ahead and it begins in t-minus 5 minutes.
Things can change. Life is unpredictable. Believe in the impossible, because everything is possible.
Just watched a video via about Creative Agency. LOVE their philosophies and the way their company is run.
Thanks to Jay and Patti from for a great brainstorming session!
Happy Valentines Day! RT I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
just On Call - CEDC aims to out-muscle Russian rivals Russia's vodka market will consolidate, more through smaller players going to the w
We got to get you out here this summer. You are too good to be hiding back east. Remember these words: GO WEST YOUNG MAN!
What are you wearing new years eve?
I had to.
Quiet people have the loudest minds
Its pissing me off?? Yy cant i login to my twitter???
Listening to Columbia Professor Richard Bulliet's History of the World to 1500 CE found on iTunesU
Dave Grohl. Forever sexy.
RT : So how long u gone leave that weave in ???--- lol that's funny. But a lot of girls need to be asked tht question.
Talent Managers to work with? I have a lot of castings as well to share with you... Amen... Daniel :)
Because we LOVE our Tweeps so much, we're extending our deals until the end of the month! Call 617-227-5499 for an appointment now!
Free girl band name: "Kiss Attack"
I'm not surprised, We watched it enuf...
“: Respect yourself. If you don't, he won't either.”
Catchphrase of the 2012 mtg of the #SocietyForAnthropologyOfConsciousness: honey bourbon, aka 'bard lube.' Thanks, Tina!
yeah I know, not normal :p thats sad. you're so abusive to the poor little freshman. I mean they already have a hard time
A true friend believes in you, even when you've stopped believing in yourself.
Go here - my current fave. I recommend the mushroom app, wine and tuna. RT : Monday buy 1 get 1 free bottles of wine! All night!
will u plz follow me?
Yes he is, but we know he'll flip flop again later. He doesn't have youth votes.» ”Desperate”
RT Been waiting for Obama to lose a fifth of the Black vote for 4 years now.
Congratulations - I hope you make use of some material from Super Mario Bros.
what kind of phone u getting
turns out it's dead...
BFF RT 24hr breakfast delivery. my new best friends
Hope u r having a wonderful afternoon! Thanks for the GM!
DaBelieberMafia Then there's Jeremy: Woah, Justin! One lucky guy. GET SOME! ... And uh, remember to use protection!
"dude this bread is like dinosaur bread" - what like its old ? "no it's looks like bread dinosaurs would eat"
The new Google webmaster tools interface is looking good.
Sorry but i would rather not listen to Cinderella cd.
Tonight at the Marigny Opera House: Nasimiyu, The Craft Brothers, and Matt Perrine
AND DNT HOLD THAT THE FUCK UP! JUST GIVE THEM ALL MY BOOTY ESP THE ONE WITH THE HAIR
The Eagles love the Cox!
Heading to the Casino with my mami.... Its how we bond. And I like to talk to the old people on oxygen support.
no why u say that we just like da 90's music or era was epic from 2day
Before I even click the link, please tell me it's STFU, Parents. 'Cause I LOVE that blog & have vowed to never be featured.
This half time show is awful...
Good point. I'll keep tgar in mind instead
17 days into your new year...are you hitting your mark? Today is the day!
: Thibs needs to do better in playoffs and learn the value of rest. He goes to the whip in a playoffs & there's nothing left.
Not a 4th and a 7th. Just got the 7th pick in the first round, and a 4th round pick
Things I don't miss about college: looks of sheer dread and lack of sleep amongst my cmte!
i see u on instagram with all the pics where my photo at??
duck my sick! -_-
Thanks for welcoming us to LA this morning as we took up statewide endorsements for June Primary
Closing #creditcards could hurt your #creditscore by increasing your card utilization and affecting the average age of your credit lines.
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear; We need to talk! :o
#FF thanks for help to
I have a feeling I'll be in the pool in my underwear by the end of the night.
Bring the question of #civilunions to the floor of the #coleg. Quit being a coward
"Good Monday Morning.... "Happy Labor Day"
That iRobot commercial is hella tight!!!! Bout' time they used cool ass people lol
Welcome civic thought leader thnx for following the consensus hub
God hates my teams this season
Like oh my gosh, my science buddy is so cool! And he ha such a cute butt!
Let's just say that I'm glad I really love Rails. Having to redo a ton of work right now.
. asked if social media is addiction. Same as asking if socializing is addiction. By that def, all instinct are addiction, eg food
my colleague has great Instructional Designer position available in Denver, lmk if interested, #lrnchat #ID Job
Ron Christie on Hardball dismissing climate change as junk science. Says Al Gore and cronies made millions on myth. So that happened.
cool mention twitter & get 20% off your purchase, I design one of a kind pieces & nice real jewelry
RT : Might invest in Netflix again
: Team Twist REALLY runs Twitter!!! ;) hell yeah U
It's the ONLY reason you're here, I bet! Loved CA, lived in Seal Beach (south of LA) and Pacifica (by San Fran).
God is good I made it today! Althou it took me 2hours to get dress from marathon soreness I feel greeaaaaat! #NCAA tonite yes
Let me know how it goes?!:D
if she's Horse Ebooks then God help us all
3 words for the season finale of = OH MY GOD! . OH MY GOD, OH MY GOD! I'm mind blown!
Yeah tryouts sucked. Going back next week.
When people play around in the gym.
My last night in Northern Michigan. It was great to spend my vacation up here with my best friend. Not ready to go back to work.
Demi Lovato makes me feel good about myself.
I prefer airport and gas station varieties since I'm constantly 'donating' mine wherever I go.
Great day of drinking!!!
2chains said you can look at him , you'n need cable
Merry Christmas all you tweeters!..I PRAY THAT THIS NEW YEAR WILL BE A GREAT ONE FOR YOU ALL!
i am who i am
Nervous about the liga... I want Barça to win because Athletic... ;(
The French seem to have a chillingly archaic view of autism and treatment. Wow.
Good luck to everyone who submitted their 1 minute film to TechSoup last night!
2012 formula for success: 1) start strong; 2) stay strong; 3) work smart; 4) demand an appropriate return for your work; 5) reject B.S.
I hate to miss it! I'll be there next year for sure.
Broncos take CB Omar Bolden from Arizona State with 101st overall pick.
im discussing it with my dad tomorrow but im pretty damn sure. just wish they would hold off on the sale.
#TGIF indeed! Going to see Stephen King and John Mellencamp's musical tonight and an Atlanta Braves game tomorrow.
Again, agreed.
Running a
you obviously won't have problems getting a user name, but whats the point anyway
Leadership is finding out what's important to others and making that important to you.
Kayaking the California Delta: Sandy Beach
Last call: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that takes place ON A TRAIN.
Damn I hate this weather it makes me sleepy/lazy!!!
Excellent. Andrew's still waiting to mix and master this bad boy, by the way ;) <3
kk S/O please(:
ugh nothing new on disney! Can't wait til sunday
In teaching today I confirmed my suspicions that literate Haskell makes for great, interactive lecture notes.
Really ought to grade this hyperbolic geometry homework - really... ought... to... - DvL
very cool - that reminds me that I need to go back to Five Guys. Perhaps that will be my V-Day spot. ;)
Can't wait for the call!
embrace the v. It's slimming.
Gotta get that new Bobby Valentino- Vitamin V
they look yummy!
WEB DEVELOPERS: is hiring! Check out the full job description on their #Web site.
Events: some are moneymakers, others like Maker Faire are more about increasing brand awareness: 80,000 attended last year.
I think they will take one of the first two games on the road, but I wouldn't be surprised if the Thunder come back to win.
haha random stat: somebody found our website with the search "dirty birds self-control"
Just got email spam: "Don't miss out on becoming a Zen master!"
Just participated in usability testing on new & soon to be released update to educause website.
How u go text me wit sum random stuff and then when I ask u why u ask me that out the blue u say no reason... Idrc just tell me the truth
Banging out some work and then heading to Fenway with a fine crew to celebrate 100 years!
Dear parents, its time to realize that isn't just a singer. He's your future son-in-law, so start respecting him. <3
#YEE I have 1081 so exited(:
FYI-for those of you who vowed to keep the Christmas spirit all through the year, I didn't get a present from you in Q1.
It's Championship Weekend for the Gold Crown Volleyball League!! Our 10th Year Anniversary Season is coming to an end.
happy birthday!
Don't let your fears win.
Morning world. Didnt do anything crazy lastnight
#conanNYC so good!
Sometims u gotta cut off your finger to save your hand
I miss Dale sr also.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!122
D1 takes one on the chin in a loss to Metropolis in a tuneup game. D3 wins against the carnivores and earns a playoff birth.
Vegetables are a must on a diet. I suggest carrot cake, zucchini bread, and pumpkin pie. ~Jim Davis
thanks for picking up the ball on this. IPhone fail!!!
At this rate the game will be over at 9. Yikes.
I thought I was last. Timeline should be called "Takingastepbackwardsmessyline"!
Haha oh yeah, I forgot to put it back lmao but I'm glad you saw them! They are too cutee.
I don't think Twitter is ready for SKREAM Halloween Day! You will have access to our entire club (2 floors)! 4 Bars | 2K PPL | 1 Party!
Hit me up on Facebook to!(: Im under as Nikki Jayye Hernandez It would be amazing if all of you people would add me!(:
If you haven't seen The Hunger Games, you're missing the best thing since Evangelion. This coming from a HUGE skeptic.
I be that pretty modafucka harlems what im reppin
i have belch abt some people..and some (boys) too.. fuckin boys!!
Anyone know the time of the game on Friday?
Yo!!!!! We need u here by 4pm!!!! We leaving early!!
"If you would not be forgotten, as soon as you are dead and rotten; Either write things worthy of reading, or do things worthy of writing."
Old news???? This is Breaking News!!
No, I have not officially "lost it", I'm making bottle cap accessories and sharing the good Magic Hat sayings. :)
Remember forgiveness is for you, not them.
Gagnon would have to be dealt as a PTBNL, since he's still less than a year removed from signing his first pro contract.
Are your safes ready for Black Friday? If you open early and your safe has a time lock you may want to take measures to get that handled no…
how gay is boise's offense?
When you let the gas nozzle drip 3 times and it cost a cent
On the 8th day, God created M&Ms. I'm just sayin'.
Rock it
using a framework similar to the one at work: break down goals and give target time-frames. someone to keep accountable helps!
tennis team nigga
we don't claim to have all the answers. What we have is a set of questions that we pose to ourselves and others
I'm sure he was just writing covered calls right? I don't see anything unusual about that...
We made it! #kiroconnect is now No. 1 on the Seattle trends list!
That's why I got a locker. Doesn't help with frozen fettucine though, huh?
« I'M TRIED OF PEOPLE»
RT :Landrieu admin will launch "new crime fighting policy" today 2pm. Oddly the word "another" was missing from press release
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 13 Washington Redskins 20 14:54 in 4th #buccaneers #redskins #nfl (Via )
wanna hear the newest music? check out the 24HC concert tonight at 8pm & hear pieces literally composed last night!
Just awesome. ": RT : My lifes purpose is use my gifts to help others. A1 #inspirechat"
Tonight is Jim Ripp playing all your fave songs!
Cutting my hair is always serious business <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> my biggest fear is that they mess up and ruin my hair <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> ....
I'm halfway gone...
Dodd-Frank's flaws will make a career for many academics. It's such an over-reach for some (me) and not enough for others.
You're lucky you're engaged...you'd have to fight off ladies with posts like this.
Seriously ready to hang out with kaytee
wassup future wife
Teacher mad crazy about the class
meet he is also doing a citable open video project for
What are alternative ways to staying in high school instead of dropping out? #edchat #IAspireTo cc: :)
Right back at all of you gal pals!! RT: : Thanks for your love today! xoxo
hey I wouldn't complain about that.
Just saw Adam starring & Cried my friggin' eyes out!
the biggest new question from LA X? how did juliet know 'it worked?' thoughts?
nop never.. you should have blue :)
I was wondering the same thing. I don't remember this many debates 4 years ago.
Well I certainly hope you're right! I do find it odd that a lot of my baseball hopes ride on the bat of some 19 year old.
Goodbye Yellow Brick Road... #greatalbum It is in my top ten all time...
holly joel cut and dyed his hair but it looks good!(:
why am I so tired
It would have been nice to see this game go into overtime lol
If I didn't want to walk I would have been done knock a bitch out
hahaha ur straight clowning right now
Sir Speedy will be closed on Monday, December 26th. We wish you and yours a very Happy Holiday Season and look forward to serving you in...
yeah it was!!
Why didn't anyone tell me about Dawson's Creek?
he's already guilty in the media and in this country. Guilty til proven innocent...SMFH
mid-life intellectual narcissist make same malthusian error of static extrapolations :)
Off to Charleston tonight!
Thx for the retweet Phil! And thx for connecting.
If we get 30 likes on this status we'll post a new song at 3 PM tomorrow.
Laundry, laundry, who else is doing their laundry today?
STOP looking at every person as a lifetime member of your life. Reasons and Seasons
I take a break from my homework....to do other music-related stuff lol
so your really comming out here? did you buy your ticket
who all is going to the orange and white game tomorrow?
Thanks for following
Debating how many times one can send a public message to b4 crossing the line btw adoring fan and creepy stalker chick . . .
Indeed. The day's highlight could have been posting a French video on how to open a bottle of wine with a shoe.
Insecurity can alter ones characteristics
A little karaoke before work...
Did you hear the one about the door company lawsuit? It was an open and shut case! Hey a bad joke is better than no joke at all right?
alright you win(:
Nissan Revs Up Predators Fans With NHL Playoff
Sitting here in social service..tryna get these stamps b.ck
self-emergence seems rather Kafkaesque and self-organizing seems to result in my odd wardrobe choices...just sayin'
I HATE When People Say They Are Random.. Seriously STFU..
Ugh hate when you wait for your order for so long, take it home and not only is it the wrong thing, it's raw!
my bad I couldnt chill and chop it up my nig. Had moves to shoot
you are definitely in the D3 area that supports 105 speed. let me try a few more things on my end
How did they turn out? They look delicious!
#Gators top #LSU in first game of #SEC softball tournament 1-0.
i would respond with, "the 2007 you is coming out"
want to shed weight? Buy and use a fitbit. I've been using one for three months and I've shrunk by two belt notches
#20factsaboutme 8. I cracked my head open when I was 3
- well, thanks. :) Thanks for the Tweet of the Day too. Keep on truckin'.
well arent you lucky.. if they did have them, I would be a very happy man.
I'm a bad friend. A terrible child. But an okay acquaintance.
Thanks for following! Love your work.
it's my BFF 's #dream to see . Plsss DM ME!!
Molly ended up with 3 goals and 3 assists. Tommy pitched 2 scoreless innings and got the win, plus he had an RBI. Good day athletically!
At the grocery store, shop the perimeter of the store. Often you will find the food that contains the most nutrients & least processing.
[-] even earlier. Someone must have tried to explain furor over Nixon pardon to me but what I got = Ford responsible for Watergate (=BAD)
Going on a #ziptrip? Need some winter driving tips? Look no further: www.zipcar.com/zipsafely
Yeah and help out give a shout out to the show !!
Taking a 3 hour tour of penguin town
Great performance last night in Sun Sisters!
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
god times :)
lol i get mad when i play it lol
Buckeyes to Host Florida State in Big Ten/ACC Challenge
Do not skip meals -- Not eating enough can actually slow down your results.
Enjoying this beautiful moment, each one is uniquely gorgeous & exquisite even if you can't see it, like the design of a melted snowflake.
Not the same seeing the E Street Brand with no Clarence.
Hearing about McQuarrie reminds me of spending countless hours paging thru the ESB and RotJ sketchbooks as a kid. Great inspirations.
RT [via ] Don't forget: Joe Biden still has two wishes left!
of me
that's really fucked up of you to say that
i just sent my boss a text full of emoticons including a thumbs up....it's going to be a good day!
who cares...
Vinny Liked My Post.! :D I Feel So GRAND<3 Right Now :D
tonite w/ sum lovely ladies spinning timeless music all night long...
My timeline is full of horny ass guys -_-
Our little Jack is having minor arm surgery tomorrow. Not sure I'll sleep at all tonight. Could use all the prayers you can spare!
next Wednesday, the 23th, I am having a party for the web concert! Can't wait! Spreading the word! (:
Amazing. I never thought I would live to see this. The times they are a-changin', indeed. Thanks for the info!
Newsweek magazine cover argues working women want to be dominated in the bedroom - GlobalPost (blog)
My new Christian song"The Blood & The Rose" should be available on ITUNES Next week! Check out the free preview! Thnx again for the support!
omg I missed u girly I can't wait to see u tomorow :)
BBC Radio 1's essential mixes make the day go by way faster.
Thank God there was SAFER barrier where Eric hit...man, that had tragedy written all over it...keep praying, they did go straight to heli
KEEP TWEETING LYNN. and people will follow you :))) ! <3
Duck tales #1 comes out today. Can't wait to get it!
I still find distinction d/n "doing" & life online odd. Is act of searching, selecting item, clicking mouse etc not "doing"
Damn right :b : Happy G Day gotta pop a bottle when u get to TX!
Inexcusable for Florida to hire a FB coach without previous head coaching experience. Should've learned lesson from Ron Zook years
flakiness should be reserved exclusively for baked goods.
I'll send one in the mail!
Assembly green lights bill 4 uniform assessment tool for #C students. Saves $$, builds efficiency & more students assessed.
“: Going to see my boy in this weekend. Way to go playa'... Proud of you. RETWEET.” Devon 4 President!
Writing a blog post about Saturday's trip to Tijuana. I think you'll like it. Just wish it was done already. Tired!!
my air forces literally make me like a foot taller. omg.
happy b-day to my bestfriend aj anarchy
#ideation12 friends, know any aspiring youth entrepreneurs? will sponsor students 2 attend #Teenpreneur 4 FREE. DM me names
I want my life to be the same as it was at the beginning of last summer.
So much for #junglekarma for Ryan grant huh
Thanks for the compliments on the new hair! It's my birthday 'today', so thanks for making it a good one!:)
I'm excited to be expanding into the Pittsburgh Market. Stay tuned for more updates!
I miss and but im glad theyre having fun at the beach :)
The germs have found me :-(
Anyone # Orioles see how close the A's first baseman, Allen was to cutting off that throw that ended the game? I gotta see that replay.
so how uu been
Just forget it. ^_^ ANYWAYS....
...that's fucking hot.
Stinky was at a tasting over the weekend at Davco Liquors in Thornton, CO Daveco is the largest retail liquor store in the world!
whoops I mean a while back...
#nahjnm2012 is about to start! Lots of really great sessions today. #ABQ journos get over here!
I'm all :) right now but tomorrow ima probably get mad at something and be all bleh Lol already know myself.
I accidentally giggled out loud when I read this.
When you see her crying hold her and don't say a word<3
I live there!!
Ehhh that's what they all say
yes. Also dancey thing at distillery?
Campus Networking Meeting
as cliche as it might sound, i really want to relive saturday night again <3
Have of that did happen. The other half was fictionalized in an erotic fan-fiction short story.
": All they had to do was ask themselves "what would Kobe do?"..." Lose by 30
Hi Alice. Excellent. Send to Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Library and Archives 2809 Woodland Ave Cle Oh 44115. Attn: Laura Moody
We support
just met a guy named Garrick... weird.
yeah - the imported isn't very good either. Don't mind paying a little extra if quality is good. Its a tough year.
Thanks! We're glad you like it. RT : #nowplaying Home is Calling by song made me decide to download their music :)
Get better soon :)
Tai Chi and ping pong in Bryant Park starting tomorrow. Nothing like a vigorous game of ping pong on your lunch hour.
Sorry about your facial piercings.
Short Taiwan stock market again tonight.
I like my skin AND yours.
Can't believe it's been 4 months since I started at so sad it's my last day!
You just put a target on that old man's back You should not reveal their real name
im 18 not in no type disrespect u am suspended for 3 days ill be back on thursday so ask me then
no prob bob best song ever
Chokdog (Chokdog) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
may 25th is my birthday! Yay!
Wish i was at the video shoot
We need to invest in a locking gun safe for our office. That way when children visit they can't access our Nerf Guns.
Nobody is thirsty!
Dude, you are en fuego today!
Not as awesome as you!! Can't wait to see the finished product!! =)
An episode with a baby almost dying and a season finale like that? #Dexter why would you do this to me?
Tell a friend to follow us!
Bank Prosecutions: Paying for Freddy and Fanny's mistakes by elimination the banks' ability to fund innovation and growth. Politics!~D
I know what it is I'm tellin you I'm not my hands already up but you still talkin so you NOT ready
If you want a phone call in return, yes - it could be helpful.
dna and program codes -- both describe, prescribe and delimit abstract/ed space?
I am good actually. How about yourself?
Love never fails; Character never quits; and with patience and persistence; Dreams do come true! -Pete Maravich
Watching Salt.
A burger Avatar w/ hilarious tweets? RT : What am I to you?
/wsj-staff ShelterBox's David Eby was 1st to deliver shelter to Haiti. He's back in US to report on aid effort Interview avail
no problem! and thank you so much <3
Phelps looking pretty comfortable.
i just noticed....i eat with my fork upside down...hmm
Do you love Bryce?
its my birthday in 8 minutes :D <3
Will be installing new board of Hearts & Hands tonight, a San Ysidro org that does countless work for needy families. What an honor.
Can anyone share an interesting article? Need to get my mind away from my worries.
Got my iPhone at long last! I'm ready to take things mobile
I love surprise visits from :) seeing him always cheers me up.
Where do we go from here?
I live like 3 days to get to London by plane! And yes I do! :) x
Trivia tonight at 8.... And it's Christmas themed so get ready!!
It was wear your fur coat to church today at WPC. Wow. The second it gets cold out come the furs.
As long as Flacco is QB, I don't think it matters much. RT Jacoby Jones is coming to Baltimore
Katy Perry's On Replay, She's On Replay.. DJ Got The Floor To Shake, The Floor To Shake.. People Going All The Way, All The Way<U+266A>
"it's a bit nipply outside...I mean nippy"
You'll just have to wait and see!
Aww thanks :)Your welcome! love you too! &me too :)
Brilliant move by & having open the show.
Coming up next week: proper healing, nutrition and other tips to guide you on what to do post-surgery.
As in tattoo ink?
Can't tell you how giddy I am at seeing the words "genuinely collective effort" written in an official capacity.
Kris Boyd, you are now officially the enemy!!!!
Thank you for calling reservations how can I fucking help you
We would be honoured to have you on our show Lee, Vince Taylor was on and speaks highly of you! You are at true inspiration!
I hit my hand at work and it got kinda swollen
Boozer can't or doesn't post up and korver has to rely too much on ball movement to do anything on his own. We need a change
I've never watched it, I've been judging it by it's name alone.
morning joke: A lighter joke for you. If your clients are rude, ask them what 5Q plus 5Q is? Once they answer, say Your Welcome
we love you too. That's cool.
1 reason the country is so screwed up is because "the leaders" have their mouths stuck 2 another mans anus while screaming "I'm NORMAL!"
that's the gym I used to work out at! Ever see Scott Lade in there benching? He puts up over 700 lbs!!
Welcome to our growing consensus hub and guru Thnx for following!
Bring it on Mr. mayor :) RT : Yes! PATH Train series!
Insanity earlier....and now kickboxing time!!!! BRING IT!!!
CUTIE ALERT! : ]
so my hand doesnt hurt that much to play guitar and for the first time in a long time im playing come back to bed cause I miss my girl lily
who gives a fucc cuhz it can only get worse
Goodnight twitter world. See yall tomorrow!! :-) Hope everyone has a wonderful night :-)
Great Game! Have a good night:)
Mark Witkowski, VP of TechDev, Sheridan Tech Lab takes stage for strategic and agile framework around innovation.
Slow & low is the way to roast Prime Rib! Chef Bill roasts ours for at least 8 hours.
"Here I am reporting from wing of hippogriff, traveling at the speed of hippogriff. But I don't think they're real. I've looked on ebay."
We have some Hunger Games lanyards and 3D Katniss bookmarks here...Holla if you want one and we'll hold on to it for you.
I wonder how many butts this chair has seen. -I'm bored questions.
Great first day as a D3 District for STI! Looking forward to great benefits. Thanks and team!
tell me more, meg.
lucky? Girl or guy? Sorry I'm confused. Are u a girl or guy
“: To do what you doing in yo avi. ": I wonder what my purpose is?"”
Harris I love Ur 69 followers
Make room for Andrew Luck. I just saw crew removing Thank You Peyton Manning banner from side of Lucas Oil Stadium. The era has ended!
Workin out @ #LAFITNESS listen 2 #music, dancin & rockin' like I don't have a care n the
RT let me know what you deserve...
ok. Think you could help spread the word?
Words are weapons that leave scars no-one can see.
Getting ready to speak to parents at the final Fall 2011 Registration at #usffw. You can feel the excitement and energy on campus!
stfu! You are just an attention whore who has no life. Bye :)
Jayden is dancin his lil butt off...its so cute
#ThingsIDoWhenImDrunk...DANCE with any and everybody ^_^
Happy birthday again I hope your having a good day (: We should go to wof again ^__^
dumb fangers ...there was the intent..
1 big room full of singing eponines
Attention seeker much? hahahaha
Is seriously thinking!! What to do????
RT : Getting ready for a good time tonight with book release party! $4 miller lite draught, $5 Yeungling draft & much more!
I think Parenthood may be the best show on television.
interview me like one of your french girls
Howell hits a fly to left. Gary Ward is there, and the Twins take Game 1 of this series.
RT : S/O to for stopping by the #DesignEssntials booth! It's great to see you.
we are both from alabama
:I can help!
New radio AD running on KOH am 780 this week, in RENO! Got a QUICKBOOKS mess? Call the QUICKBOOKS GAL! If you're local, give us a call!
Going to gymnastics<U+2665>
I feel like passing out... Because of your face.
Ryan Braun wow dude! Power display going on at Petco Park.
I have the game on in the background. Last time I looked up, #Lakers were up 15. Now I look up and #Clippers are within 3.
but what about when they were turds. Can't be fairweather.
when is the college entrepreneur contest over? I can't wait to see these results!
Good luck Hon!!!!!!!!!!!xoxoxoxoxoxo
GM! Please "like" our FB page, Mocha Couture Beauty Bar Boutique...Thank you and have a great day!
A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice. - Bill Cosby
Auggie should turn down the promotion.
My stomach feels weird. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
If its that easy its not worth it...I'm still standing...
Oh, my! 23 days to "Life and Death in the Pyramid Age." To Do- Final conservation on 4000 year old mummy and installation of Pepi I statue.
who knows, anything is possible :) she does have 14,000 YT subs, even if half vote daily, that's 7,000 votes!
Time for my weekly
good morning sis!!!
I'm going to be a touch late...Aaahh, finals week...
Thanks For Following, Guys!
The little piñata on display at iparty? I NEED IT.
RT : I'm not even back at work yet and I'm already feeling super guilty for getting this burger. Crap! <---m, burger, drooling
A 'hands-on' training for w/ the Pack TE group? That's cool during lockout right?
It's been raining all day. I love it. You can't see my tears in the rain.
You're like my favorite song on the radio, I could listen to you all day<333
We Love you Houston Places!! Who toots your HORN?
Just one of those weeks where things are working against me. Come on Friday, bring me relief.
it's the last austream of 2011, ARE YOU GUYS READY? (:
word....: If only the Knicks had played the other games like an elimination game."
I'm so tired -.-...I might fall asleep in class.
If you can figure this out lol, man that was funny
i am so bad at twitter i cant find our other tweets!! How much is lower level ticket to tomorrw game?
We must go through bad times to get to our best times! You can't expect something great without facing a difficult challenge.
My 11 yr old brother just sprayed shaving cream on his wall & made his name... He's obsessed w/shaving cream. Lmao
Glad to have you back on Twitter. Looking forward to your session in June at World Innovation Forum 2012
Hope the book has encouraged & inspired you. Enjoy! ^staff
you don't have a soul, neither of us exist.
I can, I was taught since little!=]
I REGRET NOTHING RT ": listened to a surprising amount of the dixie chicks last night #dontregretit"
#Text RU to 90210 for latest info & student #specials from #Rutgers University. Does your #school keep you informed? If not, we can help.
is forming a close, personal relationship with her air conditioner. It ranks up there with amazing items such as her laptop and DVR.
Sounds like someone scamming for a free book instead of putting $$ down at the bookstore...
#214million RT : At least prince fielder can stay healthy....
Sure, as soon as it clears approval for the Apple app store, we'll be doing a blog post abt it & prob a small public event.
The warmer the day, the colder the drink.
God gave me up for the ups and downs..
yea that counts haha just text me. i'm getting off!
yup and im coming back tomorrow though
Ignored Ponder/Dalton/Kaepernick b/c consensus seems to be they aren't 1st rounders. Mallet or Locker= more value than others in 2nd
Ha yeah it's Shakey aight......damn bruh Ha give those ears a break
lucky! Its been a while since we've ha any rain
better not unfollow me, I'd bust a nut if he did. But ina bad way.
those are a great gift!
Newt is backstage. Ready to take it in the ass for his masters
Ten bells. Are you sure you aren't already wrecked? Where are you?
omg i was messing around with this program and changed the pitch of a nickelback song and it sounded like a GOOD FEMALE SINGER
Jerry "Lightning Foot" Flynn
yes I do.
#reds trivia: which manager tips his hand that he's given up on a game faster than any other? Hint 1: he often employs
So glad #BillyCrystal hosted the #Oscars! He did a great job
I have more followers! face
Breaking News Today: Financial Disclosure - Tax Returns Show ...
How could I be expected to handle work on a day like this?
U are welcome, Enjoy it and Spread it on ...
It's gone to halftime and knotted at 2-2
I am average, but together me and are beautiful
What outlets do you think will be most effective to use if we want to portray more positive images of the youth?
Alone in a room full of cameras monitors buttons and joy sticks.
This 3-day weekend is yours to enjoy.
i'm jealous :P how old r u?
thanks babe:)
Kings of Leon, What Makes Them Unique? #studentpapertitles (nothing, turns out)
Oh my God. The Walker ads. THE WALKER ADS. Hopefully, $25M buys you enough ads to annoy everybody into voting for the other guy.
I want to buy 's book on the strength of the title alone. When is Dial M for Murdoch available in the US?
Thanks for this week's RT!
Chicago is always a stress reliever 4 me...N that's krazy considering 40ppl shot 10 died 2 dayz b4 i arrived
full band preview may 24th @ acadia~ very proud to b rockin w some great players!
“An artist must have his measuring tools not in the hand, but in the eye.” Happy #birthday to Michelangelo!
Good night everyone sweet dreams sleep tight dont let the bed bugs bite dream of whoever tonight
Nope. Don't think I've heard of that
. your mobile site comes up with no mention of contest.
Good morning
“: COME ON! IT'S #OPENINGDAY PEOPLE!!!” I'm feeling good about the Mets this year.
#NP Better Than I Know Myself - Adam Lambert.
thanks for the supportive article!!! Will keep you posted if our battles with the city. Keep those fingers crossed!
remember the good old days when we could choose Democrats or Republicans? Now it's Democrats or Communists. Oy vey
John signed it first, and then I was put on the spot in front if her to sign. I would have rather cut the shit!
LOL! He was a scoundrel.
-hooray that we finally met!
Yeah on paring and finishing. Change the metaphor; it will help in the future.
Everytime I pass my ex-brother in law's house I have a total breakdown... :'(
: Ha! No doubt bro. I'm thinking come NBA Finals time we're going to have a lot on the table.
Being different, being an individual IS beautiful be who you are and spread love not hate that's being a stained glass heart
Was thinking same thing myself- driving downtown during WIAA tourneys sux. Do cars in small towns not come with blinkers?
and I like lance but doing that when you don't play is dumb
yea, slow but was good
Wedding last night was off the hook even with all the rock and country I had to play!
he's not 100% wrong. its just so slimy.
If you show you have talent, or God almighty a job skill stand ready for retribution!
Holy Lord I just stinkin LOVE your tweets (: your such a sweetie and cutie. Have a blessed dayy (:
Congrats to my cousin, engagement life <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D> I hope the best for her && her boo thang<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0095>
Thank you Monica for speaking ! Your light, words & good vibes so inspiring!!! Much Love!
sorry, yes :) asked me for DFW food recs and I thought you might know a thing or two :)
#PackDraft great picks. I'm so excited about these prospects that I don't think I can sleep.
If we do, I require a "I brake for pumpkins hat"
tami u is a bully huge bully
Had lunch at #StonehouseQ . It had some great pulled pork BBQ
cant tell on fb either ;P
I laid flooring in my kitchen last night and in the process had way too much #vino. what are you doing for the #superbowl?
hospitals make me so tired ... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
bradlee's news judgment is once again, correct -- a big fuss over nothing. It's all atmospherics. Re:Woodward-gate
Meet joe black. I always like this movie
i love the mountains of tennessee
Thanks so much to everyone who came out to play #assassin last night !!
it's a fact haha. If he suspended Shea Weber, it's all good with the G hit. No consistency whatsoever.
Which is good cuz I don't like crap phones. Ha!
These ribs are banging !
Gods the only thing we will ever need, so why do we choose to put everything else in front of him?
What would you do with 640 million dollars?
Now they want laugh as I slowly walk to the car.
What is your favorite city to wrestle in outside of any from the state of Texas?
Ron Paul Speech at College of Charleston, SC LIVE on Wishing the young people in the audience were a little more
Back in Boston. Rain, fog and big piles of dirty snow. Not too cold though!
Mindful tweeters have their Twitter, Google, and Dictionary apps all on the same page.
I think there are plenty of potential, and likely actual, scenarios that warrant a policy.
"Midnight in Paris" is going to be available on DVD and Blu-ray in the US on December 20th! Still no word about a soundtrack album.
THE NEW MONE SINGLE IS 10 STARS HANDS DOWN. www.itunes.com SEARCH MACK MONE doin it bad
*looks into purse -____- starts shaking head* naaaaa you can pay this one time. Lmao
Panama City, Florida March 24th
I don't have nothing to regret at all in the past, except that I might've unintentionally hurt somebody else or something. - Jimi Hendrix
Today marks my 1-month anniversary of employment. So far so good! People are awesome and the work content is interesting.
DUDE we have the final manuscript draft of Blue Dolphins here at FLP and you should bring your class to visit
Yeah, might have to call it by another name… "fat-free ux" ? :P
Go Spurs Go!
Mom sent me to bed so I'm listening to the game on the radio and the game flow chart on ESPN's website.
So excited! I can't wait to check them all out!
thanks for the RT Jackie!!
If you think they are cool, buy a pair.
Thanks, but that RT goes to
Nothing to do...
just glad u made it back!
Making brown sugar bacon waffles for dinner with
I don't really want to deal with transnational advocacy networks right now. I'd rather just troll tumblr.
Some officials comlain about the rising unemployment rates, yet these are the same people cutting jobs.
I wonder what Idaho is like compared to Indiana? More potatoes?
just so you know, Hope was killed on Celebrity Apprentice and Bin Laden was fired..from the world.
Such a great place for Happy Hour spots... Chinatown!
I've never been in the state of Wisconsin but my heart belongs in Green Bay.
leaving for the weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
so who won the cruise??
Is it a really tense sport to watch? At least you could knit while riding in a golf cart! How fun! Lol
Why is this flight so full? Who chooses to fly to DC...mid-week...on a red eye?
she said te amo ...i hear a pain in her voice....somebody tell what she say.....dont it means i love you ,i think it means i love you <3
Knock KnockWho's there !Brendan !Brendan who ?Brendan an ear to what I have to say !
And if our #GOD is for us, then who could ever stop us?
could you point me in the direction of a guide?
Anyone want to rescue me from the grim fortress called home!
omg yes!!! Loved it, totally resparked my love for reading!
is so sexy to me
he hasn't tweet :O
Finally got around to the Survivor finale only to end up wishing I'd rather be on the Clemons jury.
Watching the summer league right now......chilling with big Cleve
Well i have to go nice meeting u Katelyn Good night love you ;)
"Few things are harder to put up with than a good example." Mark Twain
Hey.... Drive+ Money= Success
Brady St. is the best place for people watching
Laundry time!
Thanks to all who participated in today's iSeminar ft. Touro College! If you have questions, please email !
I know yesterday was the unofficial last day of summer, but I wasn't expecting fall to happen so quickly.
Shieber: Harvard has had downloads from their repository DASH from every continent in the world, including Antarctica.
Great party at the W celebrating our talented staff, new brand, HD, and all things San Diego! NBCSD is the place to be!
#ToyotaAztecTrivaTime: The winner is randomly chosen and announced around 5 pm tonight.
Its nothing like having a #Virgin to love :)
about 2 hit up
I have the sliding-glass door open and the dog is mezmerized. Because she can't use the dog door and get out there or anything.
you dress up for spirit days! Just consider this one. Please?
: Even if you think YOU don’t need the Church, others in the Church need you. Don’t b self-centered.
we're so glad you are enjoying it!
cody simpson?? :P
aw thank you very much! <3
#ifjustinwasmyboyfriend we would play pranks on everyone!
Here's a shout out to the Fox Mole. Way to go, Joe. We all know about Fox's pristine reputation, don't we?
Way to spread the good word!!!
Ppl hate to see u happy.. lol I'm an ass .. I'll smile & Wave at yo stupid ass! Lol
dope crack
GO TRIBE!!
Ron Paul wasn’t born, he liberated himself from the womb.
I did Comm first and now IT. My job is both!
You know whose beautiful? Read the first word.
Morris Award goes to Where Things Come Back by John Corey Whaley.
yea yea the NY hatred just ticks me off can't deny I'm gonna listen next week
No im not the real Jeremy Lin! obviously, however i have the inside scoop on him, because im with him 24/7
Celebrity sighting: someone who could have been outside of C-8. Not sure if it was her. I'll await confirmation.
And, she's back.
good movie night but of course drama had to take its course so i stopped it :)
right tlkn bout thats my god son the only one i do all that for
Can anyone provide insight / examples of iPads being used in the Corporate Classroom?
but, but is a boy scout & son of a preacher man. Clearly he can't be corrupt, just surrounded by it.
hello everyone hope you all have a great day :)
Everything is terrifying and wonderful at the same time. I'm so afraid of February.
Love how like the TT's are like all about KG
why am I sick in 70 degree weather aaaargh! but feeling a little better. May go for a walk and gettin ready to record session tomorrow!
I had days like that when I was in grad school. But usually it was because I was too busy.
I'm abt to cook some food & watch a movie my head is pounding! And this weather is bipolar and making all the more tired
See you Saturday!
I know it's late to say it but TGIF!!!
Happy 2012 everyone! I hope the new year brings you plenty of happiness! Please help me out and sign up on OneFreeAd.com for free!
eh. I'm pretty chill. I would have found it sweet.
70s every day next week.
Gonna go paintball with the boy
Sweet. Doors open at 6, show starts at 8.
Free Introduction to The Aspen Program - Do you want to develop your psychic abilities? Everyone is psychic & everyone can improve...
Sad news. Mike didn't make it through surgery tonight. Please pray for his family and for our staff .
History teaches us that when a barbarian race confronts a sleeping culture, the barbarian always wins.
not sure people know what they mean when they say "data literacy"; data literacy != info literacy; != media literacy; != stats literacy; etc
Oh hello twitter people.
RT : RT : "She turned her can'ts into cans and her dreams into plans."
Two Chainz's be that *igg* that spent it!# CanIMeetCha
he and Tex might need to form a blues band...
I saw the fork in the road and went straight!!
Yea, something's not right. Unfortunate, but I don't think US can help him.
UHM. So a couple weeks ago Justin was in Deerfield Beach AND I didn't know -_- he was on my beach and no one told me
Why does breathe smell like latex?
Class sounds awesome, can't wait.
go to lusty lady and get me some ideas for burlesque! and a souvenir! miss you bay-bee.
When you've given her everything, what do you have left? The answer is nothing. Absolutely nothing.
Nope: all about #recallWalker. We non-union sm. business libs have own reasons “: I thought #wiunion/#wirecall all about "Labor"?”
Drew 102 RT : 100th Podcast done. Brent Barry was the best. Maybe we'll get Jon Barry for our 101st Podcast.
You're very welcome. Have a great week!
Hi Kelley :) Thank you! What's up tonight?
alright! Televators is supporting you guys on fb and twitter. Plz follow back! ~peace out ...bex
RT : We need to set our own boundaries but we also need to respect other's boundaries as well.
lol. Who's your fav then?
I think it's a version of Soilent Green, but brown and less nutritious
that penne alfredo was a huge mistake.
I refused the full body scanner @ LAX today. Got the pat down and honestly not so bad. A whole lot better than getting cancer!
#sugarshane is holding his own pretty well against
And let's not talk about "at" at the end of a sentence. Where you get that at? Behind the PREPOSITION!!! UGHGHGHG
This has been a long day, atleast I have a pizza party 7th bell :)
In India, they call it Nidra Meditation :)
Girls, Girls, Girls, by Jay Z playing #JayZ fan #
One more subscriber to get to 800 on my youtube, lol. So much going on neglected site for a year. Just havn,t been there. well I'iIm back!
hey happy birthday! c:
Congratulations for taking advantage of it.
I love Russell Brand. He sticks up for what he believes in and for that I admire him immensely.
so i see you haven't followed me yet all i gotta say is whats up with that
#Florida needs to stand its ground on #StandYourGround law. #DebbieWassermanSchultz needs to be #repealed, not the law! RT
im a Capricorn my bday dec 26 me n prod the same age lol
good morning twitter family <3
I'm just done.
Back behind the window for the first day of sessions at #CTaC! Which sessions are YOU attending??
I'm up
For sure! I'll make sure to introduce myself at your poster session.
Don't forget to like# us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/rachelscurebydesign
me too?
Prepping our next video, it's gonna be a good one!
RT thanks for the tweet, #ableveterans picked it up which is awesome! - thanks for the shout out Bryce!
Mike Green!
#SongsThatWillAlwaysBump Biggie -Hypnotize
When's the last time you had a good fart?
Emasis is breaking into a jig to wish you a pot of luck, full of smiles, top of cheer kind of day... HAPPY ST. PATICK´S DAY!!!
- yet another reason why #socialmedia rocks!
happy resurrection day everyone! Jesus has risen for us...We can be saved =)
Another day at the office!
I didn't know you worked there
will pass along to newsroom.
On behalf of The Love Crunch Company, we would like to thank the judges at The Big Sell Competition for naming us one the best start ups ...
Hairdressers and grandparents always have the best stories.
...THATS CRAZZY HE SHOULD NOT GIVE IN
Thanks for stopping by and speaking to our #NLCAtlanta class today!
is that your kid?
Ouch. Fell of my bike. It's ok - likely best if I wear smarter shoes...
YOUR AMAZING!! Us ICONiacz love ya Hope your having an ICONic day follow please?(:
great site, Pete! Get ready for our third version of #YergerTech.com. We've made a bunch of upgrades and are psyched 4 launch!
You will be switching from bad to worse! Trust me!
That girl that Peyton is with is gorgeous. Forever jealous
woaaah i haven't been on in forever
Happy Birthday to The QuickBooks Gal....spent the day enjoying my new home office, barbecue & home made cake my husband made! Great day!
can i ask do you make personal backgrounds by any chance???
Q1 I think there should be shh and no-shh zones. I used to go to the library to study when I really needed to focus.
Don't choose to be alone when you can choose to be a part of something bigger then yourself.
Half of Americans can't come up with $2,000 in 30 days without selling some of their possessions. Via
Mom's red beans and chicken (awesome), headed to French quarter next.
My laptop has been stolen. $1500 reward.
Gather visuals, interviews and anything else helpful for a reporter to tell a story to one location. Become a one-stop-shop!
Let us help you promote your business we have some awesome deals on business cards,flyers,t-shirts, banners,etc.Call for prices 720-542-6105
I might not be doing what you're doing but I'm doing something.
Just watched Turf on Americas Got Talent. Im gonna try all those moves in the garage before the wife wakes up tmrw.
THE LION KING
I'm thinking about this guy right now and I just can't get him out of my mind .<3
I wanna Roc your body...
Me too, been lazy. ": I need to go heavy duty on the job search ASAP. Who's place of work is hiring? Lol :D"
I wish this psycho teacher just curled up in a ball and died and Gandalf came in and was forever her replacement.
Thunderstorms at night>>>>
I need to find a summer job, too bad nobody in DeLand is even hiring
#joshualedet kills it again! Crazy good.
Run on over to our website and check out some of our Very Educational Childrens Toys!
RT : Putting Wines That Rock to the test with << hope you both had fun w/ those wines!
Finalizing distribution package for submission tomorrow morning. Watching American Idol in the background. Ski Boski!! Cheering for you.
He came out with the song Boyfriend because he has one..
Cool- will send you the files soon. Its easy to use, but I will send some basic Vassal tips as well.
Good luck RT : #Brewers 1B Mat Gamel just said goodbyes to teammates and headed back to Milwaukee. Best wishes to him.
The green chili is done. Not too bad, but still very hot. I have to adjust the recipe some more to tone down the heat a little bit.
Looking forward to the #MAMP Marketing Seminar next week
I have seen 5 #Kony2012 signs in the past like 2 minutes.... That is amazing!
Did Rachel finally make it to work today. .. is the question? ?? Hm....:-) :-)
Looking forward to reading it!
Tonight is Ladies night $5 three olives and $3 wines... Also live music starting at 9pm
I do feel in a fog, I was against the methadone, but at that point I was in so much pain I didn't care about my beliefs. LOL
Happy Birthday Grandma <3
i know ya been down so long, so i'll be stronger for you
Woohoo my water filter finally came in at work, no more tap water!
Is that a puck in your pants?
I am about to bust a mother fucker right now. This is just plain fucking stupid.
Well there you go, the two we missed last night came back to haunt you!
Tweeting while driving seems pretty unsafe. #Getoffyourphoneanddrive ;)
You're welcome! :) We are doing good, just been getting ready for our 2 shows that are coming up. How are you?
'Soft skills', 'soft money'...humanities are so squishy! :P
local #leesburg #virginia writer would be a great idea for a book review - her book is great for #blackhistorymonth! DM!
not many radio shows that I can sit through for 3 hours. Yall do a great job. If there's anything I can for you, let me know!
ok. Who you comin wit?
#Fitness #Exercise #Motivation of the Day. I'm not going to buy any more clothes this size. What gets your butt off the couch?
Dont tell me to be somewhere at 530am if you're not going to be there to let me in the door #assclowns crazy ppl roam at this hour
Tweet me, cutiepies!
#firstworldproblems Student parking at #SDSU the first two weeks of school.
Hell yea, come thru but you gon need a invite though
Daily Special, Fri 03/16/12 - Lg lightly breaded pollock fish fillet w/ french fries & tartar sauce. While it lasts! $8.95. Add coleslaw $1.
Lol when the next time you going home
goodnight moon, &goodnight you ;3
So I moved to San Diego...
blood tests after my suspicion... i have a fabulous doctor!
Have a talking one tomorrow, I hope it's not in front of the whole class! :L <3<3<3<3<3
Drake: I'm right there with you man
man camilla knocked elease down more than one time hunny sorry
Tickets on sale in April for House of Blues Atlantic City w Eric Gales July 28th!
choose your next words wisely- Persian
all of it may be possible when you don't give up <U+2665>
He was mocking the birthers. Stop the hate.
Does Moss have a prayer of scoring any fantasy points at all this year?
sorry im so used to saying it back that I wasn't even thinking oh she's not a mom. Lol I hope you have a fabulous day!
Don't worry, you'd fit right in up here... ;)
Wish you were here to celebrate with us!
lol I'm sure you do! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
in line for drinks.
Remember: Being awake during a Saturday morning sunrise is a sign of a good Friday night.
Yes you do!
Strong Survive, Weak are destined to have their flesh eaten.
I hate glee. I hate finchel. Omg.
so I was searching for your # today . Needed ur help bia & couldn't find u. Fml!!!(:
You to Ryan have a wonderful day<3 much love
well thank you(:;
lady asked if I had a problem w the fact she sold tobacco booze and candy. I said not at all but thought is she calling from disney land
twenty tuba mouthpieces eleven saucers of water #improvise with attention to generous ensemble rests
Back story on the tweet. I accidentally sent a tweet from my iPhone about cycling to the wrong account. Rookie move. I should know better.
“Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.” James Dean
hey Girl, will probably not be there tonight. I have to finish a deadline before tomorrow. Let me know how it was .
I could do with less Foo Fighters and more Adele, Whitney and Etta.
Aww!! That's so cute:') I hope the concert was good though!
YES. YES. HALLELUJAH. PRAISE THE LORD.
You are not the mistakes you have made.
Im sick of football season bring on my boys in pinstripes =)
come get this Train and Ride it With willow
This> RT : The arc of the moral universe is kicking ALEC's ass today.
OH MY GOD I'M SO TIRED
NO ONE LOCATE MR LAUBER?That is a story
She'll ask someone in the room for a pastry. Good luck!
Hard to write a #comedy #pilot about #family when you don't have moral standards.
I think its 191 in daytime and 158 at night in Dallas.
Happy birthday to my bestiee Juan Carlos. <3
You have changed tremendously throughout this season, mostly negative however. You know it's true Nene.
I better be passing by friday!!
Wednesday March 7th.
"time for buffalo chicken and powertools"
It's really amazing how entertaining the AP wire can be. hahah
Happy #CyberMonday ! where are you finding the best deals?
social media was much easier to bullshit because the chatter is measurable but the success of cust. engagement, not really
RT : After Romney’s firm drove a 105-year-old steel mill into bankruptcy, they walked away with at least $12 million.
final show in Santiago tonight, off to Argentina in da morning
Make sure to include that delicious SPAM if you Storify :) Thanks for all your hard work!!
Gotye has been added to this year's lineup. Is it Labor Day weekend yet?
i do
then why are you mentioned in the Bubba hate tweets just answer that?
I think a good name for the baby is: JOHN WAYNE CARMODY.
You should use Wilkes and Wilson syrups!
I'm definitely hilarious, but I am certainly no comedian.
Good morning world Happy Friday
Trust in the power of renewing your mind daily for success.
PROMOTION: To celebrate our Anniversary this month, we're giving YOU $50 off your entire plan purchases. Visit www.danze-davis.com
Tom on whether #LedZeppelin is prog rock: "when they're singing about hobbits it's prog rock."
I get paid to manage a forest, kinda
yinzers would riot
To tank top or not to tank top?
shouldn't it be "we ain't new.."?
you're a boob
Got oil, will travel !
hey, thanks! Feel free to use any of my images too...I'm a huge fan of what you do.
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves.
Volvo of Houston service needs more employees! Always waiting here
RT : Volunteering re-whet my appetite for film fest volunteering. Signed up to work 's #SFIAAFF 2012!
“: Norman OK. Went skipping across central part of town.”ah, thanks! Stay safe!
Flash flooding, tornado's & another earthquake
Game tonight should be fun
Not your best work.
I hope the Broncos cut your lame ass. Talking shit at Royal like that. He's 10x the Bronco you'll ever be and he plays in SD.
On my way to founders brewery. Giddy like a kid. A kid whose drinking beer and vodka at 11am.
Sick pig bitch!
hehe I love you so much too Lauren! (I so need a nickname for you btw) xoxo <U+2665>
omg she is so sweet!
Cheers to you and the team!
Congrats,Thanks for the AWESOME season!
Can I have senioritis if I have been out of school for over 25 year? If not, too bad cause I have it good!
Any Python list without The Philosopher's Football Match shouldn't count.
Where are the REAL country singers? Like Kenny Chesney <3 Faith Hill, Shania Twain? Ugh! And Rihanna is AWFUL (looking & sounding)
Women are like phones: They like to be held, talked to, and touched often. But push the wrong button and you're disconnected
what a great sold out day Venus Pool Club today!!!
“: "Above all, try something." -Franklin D. Roosevelt #quote #life”
#OrbisCascade create Collaborative Technical Services Team; will be informed by Dec. 2011 collaborative tech services symposium
What the bcs needs - preseason bowl games. bama vs mich at dallas stadium sept 1st
just cause you give me your opinion doesn't mean i give a fuck
effing cancer.
algebra, biology, reading and writing, psychology, and global awareness class......I HAVE NO LIFE!
Getting together with my two favorites. My husband and God. I love that my husband and I love to pray together. Amen and namaste...
You still wanna ride with me?
You can't take my gimmick! I've been doing the countdown of wins since game 1!
I should caveat that by saying I've never flown Southwest. Have been told that "I'm not sure you could handle it" by a regular flier.
Check DMs !!! :) if you dont wanna reply.. I totally understand. Lol
His "Christmas Pie," of course!
I leave on Thursday to go to Miss NC later this week. Can't wait!! On a Z-pack to get better fast!
Come and soak up the sun with us! Our patio is now open your
Makes sense. I'm not much of a snob as long as the stuff is fresh and doesn't have a bunch of preservative crap in it.
Every time a number that I don't recognize calls I always hope its Comedy Central or a telemarketer with a good deal on two inch clear tape.
#shoutout to my favorite month of the year --> #MARCH :-D
So that means you're interested? Not my fault haha. I don't roll that way. (:
Cover art photo shoot this Wednesday. Matt's got something stuck in his brain that he needs to get out.
I wanna do something sexy that involves passion and affliction
Are u gonna have poster babies...? O.o XD
So, i would totally love to have do my hair. Shes fucking gorgeous!!
If you want abs like Hologram Tupac, you gotta cut the carbs and hit them crunches in bunches........(whispered) and be a hologram
theoretically maybe not if you split the winnings with others who bought 1 winning ticket each In that case u lose millions
“: Sorry everyone is the real account. I just talked to him. Sorry about the confusion”
Confession is my profession! We have the power 2 decree a thing and it SHALL be established! We have dominion on the earth as believers!
I have turned green im so jealous ! That you met the weeknd ! Smh where was I ?!
Love Texas traditions. Christmas tamales and queso
Glad you liked it! That Mahi Mahi mango salsa wrap was intended as a "Lenten special"..Looks like a permanent menu add!
Just cooked a HUGE pot of meat sauce and spaghetti and I have no one to share it with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> guess I'll be eating this for like 3 days lol
Strunk & White on usage:DIFFERENT THAN out. DIFFERENT FROM in. "Logic supports established usage," they say. (Another ol' saw declawed!)
oh shit, all of us are probs gonna get sick lmfao
i will be enyoying my complimentay Victory Suite seats. so pumped!
Agreed; cheers
Lord, FatherSonSpirit God, help me remember that the total focus of church and ministry is your presence and your word.
At the seeing They are amazing tonight!
Thanks for the props!
yes...well future bro in law. I just call him my brother
man u need to at least suit up damnit man i lose alotta freakin $ if u dont go bring it back to the basketball capital
When favorites my stuff. >>>
How can be down every other hour? Please. Please. Please fix that shit.
I dare you to do the same
The world record for pancake flipping is 349 flips in 2 minutes and the largest pancake ever tossed measured 15m in diameter
Our winner for the prize from is !! Congrats!!
Do not underestimate yourself by comparing yourself with others. It's our differences that make us unique :)
I was thinking it they published his lettr, what bout the letter he received?
yeaa lol just parts of it
Because she's a vampire, sucking all that's good from our schools.
Back on the #nodaysoff workout tonight at 7:30.
Enormously excited to see 's taping tonight. I'm a huge fan; that guy's talent is outrageous.
Yes now they need to do that 3 more times #blueandyellow RT : We beat those Laker bitches!! Hell yeah!
Yes! RT : RT : The message itself is important to sm influence.Often it's more influential than the influencer.
actually, I would say: orthogonal is a more accurate representation of how the ontologies compare :-)
Wtf why do i have a bruise on my tit? #cheerleader problems
21 years riding the NYC subway lines.
#TwoThingsThatDontMix - Hiring a company to do social media marketing without a company designated person to communicate and direct process.
do you live by yourself in your apartment in Nashville?
Is this about my lunch preference today? If so, tweeting about it seems very passive aggressive RT i kind of hate the word "Salad"
Wow it really does tick all the boxes (except the 'in my budget' box!)
Thank you! Will definitely have a look.
This game has some hard hitting! And I LOVE it. The Pats gonna have to bring it with EITHER of these teams
lmaoo man not because I'm always smiling n happy don't try to mess with me
hahaha I love him so much though <3
A sign? RT : oh my RT : Hollande's plane turns back to Paris after being hit by lightening en route to Berlin
Really wishing I had cable now. RT : THIS IS SURREAL and on my tv talking
Good shootaround today. Liked the energy in the gym. Need to sustain that for 40 minutes tonight!
Hello ladies!
this go hard
Missing Ryan already. Hurry up, Wednesday!
"Burger flyers are the road to more!" Indeed, they are.
Hope this isn't the start of big boys gobbling up crafts. ": Terrapin now owned by Miller Coors?"
guess what I'm eating !!? Chinese Food ! ;D
Any interesting in writing an intro to Great Storms of the Chesapeake? Thanks!
Health & fitness should be educated formally at school. Obesity is such a big issue nowadays.
We just got back from shopping for new PDX TV Studio props/lighting and we too did some Rodeo Drive Macho Bueno Taco Bell.
Did the agenda 4 the monthly meeting w/ Library/Archives, Education, Research, Publications, International, and Grants departments
That explains why I've been getting so many strange calls.
i didnt even start and you cant fool, thats why its called Research Project. Cause yiu gotta do research
Bobby V. banning beer in the Red Sox clubhouse isn't true is it? We're just supposed to believe that it is.. Hmm well played Bobby..
nice icon :]
Dang i havent been here in a while.
good job tweeting
I just saw that email. Was about to walk over to campus for class. Taking the bus now...
I am completely horrified by this! And why are those people walking around in that?!? Ugh!!!!
If you could be any crayon, what color would you be?
that's rude
nice! we've collected some $$$ from Vegas but failed miserably at the Hard Rock Ft. Lauderdale location
whew! That Node.js windows install is a beast! moz webdev blog has saved me on many occasions.
Poor little homeless man ?? ...he's stinking up the Bart ??...
Why do I feel like im about to committ an offense, crime & violation.
They should advertise to current age of viewers! Agree! Love show! Boo. RT NBC canned viewers too old!!!
I agree! Log Cabin Repubs are brain-washed & delusional, on top of that, the name "Log Cabin" is creepy!
hey hey, it was for being in the wrong zone on campus. Not parking wrong or anything. Dontchu shake dat head at me.
Win a pair of the latest Tommy Hilfiger Footwear by simply re-tweeting this message! (Conditions Apply; Geo: India)
Ouch, #io2012 sold out in less than a minute? WTF?
see ya soon friends!!!
#YouAintHittinItRightIf I'm still up like I just drank some soda
Damn its cold. Had to put on long pants. I guess summer is going away. So sad.
U know when u have a bad dream and then u realize your not dreaming...
Thanks - glad you like it!
thanks for the kind words! Hope you have a great weekend.
good! You still livin in those apt in plainfield?
Watching Teen Spirit :)
May the 4th be with you! #HappyStarWarsDay <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
BEHOLD THE MIGHTY BISON! Today's special is a Bison Burger w/ Carmalized Onion & Smoked Gouda! This burger is the king of all it surveys!
new sandmaster. yes, I think so. 'bout to hack it up #hacky then
Dress as all eyes are on you
I think I've developed an allergy to fresh air. I stepped outside and immediately sneezed. That'll teach me for overstepping my boundaries.
Nice! Sounds like you are happy w/your current ink! Let me know if you ever want more info. on waterbased & discharge ink :)
Officially the 1st time I've EVER cheered for the
if I didn't know you that would be very creepy :P
showing love to movement what else matters?
hey where my buddy at?
Again..why is the GOP debating with a left wing moderator? It's insane.
Apply your heart to instructions and your ears to words of knowledge. -Proverbs 2:12
it's kind of disgusting that it's already been 4 years for us!!
i knew i couldn't stay away and now i saw this article and how justin and a girl named "emilia" hooked up. wowww.
Truth bears repeating.
Wow!...I can breathe
sorry you feel that way. We're not trying to make a political statement, rather educate people interested in our business.
it was on my phone under TTs but I refreshed my page and it was gone!
Michelle sends me the best music <333
stop being such a pussy and let the president have it! Don't be scared cause he's black.
Lmao! Some guy in my 3rd period is freaking out because Barney(from how I met your mother) is gay -.-
I have been listening to #OpenInvitation by all day! Lol I love this album though (;
I wanna see how long i can go without my phone
We only have 3 hits less then the #yankees but when 5 of they're 11 are HR, it's hard to see the brightside.
stop expecting me to be perfect. i'm not, nor will i ever be fucking perfect.
Conservatives want President Obama tried for treason even though he kept Bush's defense secretary & federal reserve chairman
Dena - Thanks for the Love =) ->RT : very satisfying and delicious lunch from
Headed to the studio!!!
going to be a great night at Epic!
#rockmafiasavethepuppiesteammiley , rock mafia is giving a $1 for every tweet
I know everything .
lol it's close. Maybe I gotta watch the one from tonight again
Senate Bill Would Revamp Federal Crop Insurance Program
I'd like to know Black Widow's super powers.
It looks like a couple of days of rain are ahead of us
I meant birds singing!
keep complaining. I like the results!
I love drawn together
i hate generalizations
he said u gotta bring 20 dollars and practice clothes thursday thats when its practice
We miss all of you too. Not sure about Vegas yet, but will let you. Hope all is well with the CayRum family!
something is WRONG you can't be for Walker & Obama. Polling is whacked?
Great crowd today for Thanskgiving Dinner & also had fun at the
Service may not be so much about clearing off a space on my calendar as it is about an open, welcoming space in our hearts. -Kelli Trujillo
yea lifes a bitch right now
Worth noting that as U.S. House of Reps. was failing to rein in Afghanistan War, U.S. troops suffered deadliest day since Bin Laden died.
Bad fracture, surgery this week. ill post a pic
As usual has snagged a seat on the main aisle; watch for him trying to get a handshake as Obama enters for
haha carol got herself a man <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Not Feeling Good:/
Check the Bio
If You Want Club Interlude Fliers Text @ 9092543703(: Gonna be ALL OVER Today <U+2665>
smiley face to you too my love! How's everything with you :) ?
For the first time in a while, I am excited about the all star break. When you have an old roto team, time off can make a difference.
#bachelor "OMG. his family is going to disown him." --
Dr. Seuss's Lorax iPad app is a genius recommendation based on purchase of the app. Hm..
Why are people choosing now to talk about LeBron coming up big? This was a meh game by his standards.
If you are in dtown Mke today, make sure to stop by the Westown Indoor Market.Pick up treats for Thanksgiving & start your holiday shopping!
Off to the Pop Up Art Gallery opening on Henderson
Good point! :) Hope you guys are well, btw!
No teeth and yet the 'Jaws' theme music still played in my head when I first saw the photo!
Clean up and really look at your habit fields. Identify where you works best.
(2/2) Come get tips on successful studying and passing National and California Acupuncture and Oriental Medicine exams today.
thanks, i'll follow you on my other acc later :)!
you in l.a. lol
a que no guey! Lol no for real tho I found a class for just a month so fuck that I'd rather want that then the one I have now
Well done B. lol not that you & I are really old. It's a big bday for Vanessa so I'm happy. She is stoked about being 23 again
Thank you!
mother of goddamn fuck I'm still drunk. worst migraine of the century. had a good time tho. :) met some cute guysz.
After McGee spends a little more time with George Karl and gets a little more disciplined he is going to be a stud
needs to take a nap, but i kno Khi wont let me...
Today is March 16th, 2012, and we live to serve another day!
Tonight's THE night!! #LTYMshow #LTYM #nwi So excited!!! :D
A study showed that more women have vibrators than husbands
i'm at #aigapivot too. plans for lunch?
IN THE MOOD FOR FOOD.
#WaysToMakeMeHappy Be there for me when I really need you.
yea that's a long shot for me right now
oh tor, i'll have to teach you my ways hahah i'm sorry though. i'm sure it won't be that big of a deal.
Chicago Messenger Service has sponsored 20 inter-city children to play in a basketball tournament.
haha that funny. So was it a shock when you saw him there?or did you know before hand?
Didn't think so~
I have never say never on blu ray
me too xD
you said, I was thinking it!
We want Tito chant just broke out at
#HappyEndings picked up for second season. I like that show, but was worried I was the only one
"Oh my god. They have soups."
I think I'm in a session that includes Michael J. Fox as a presenter.
Promise You'll Never Let Me Go < 3
New on DVD only: "Doctor Who: The Happiness Patrol" (5-8) "The Big C: The Complete Second Season" (5-8) "The Genesis Code" (5-8)
OMG you did? Where about? Wish I was part of the crowd :(
What is with my parents and sleeping all day long D:< there more lazy then i am .___.
Can't wait 2 get you back next year! We definitely need 2 repeat!
Side by side or miles apart, you will always be close to my heart.
I like the Marlins +107 over the Nats and Stephen Strasburg...
Off to check out a local farmers/craft market and the sun is actually shining:)
#ThoughtsDuringSchool why do teachers wear such ugly clothes?
We are too! Congrats again! RT We are so thrilled to be named BEST SEAFOOD by ! Looking forward to May 26th!
checkout that Meech Dogg single JUICED UP free
On our way to #NYRestShow can hardly wait.
Women who find cunning ways to brag are déclassé
So what is 7013?
Correction! Lefall just arrived. All candidates are now here.
LOL I cant believe he did that...Im sorry about MJ. -Big T
speak 4 urself Marshall. Nats are my 2nd favorite team #mets are my favorite.
Spurs bout sweep clips
Who else has dropped the phone on their face while laying in bed reading Twitter?
What'd ya do for Mothers Day For Your Mom ?(;
iTriage has just announced a corp sponsorship with ! Follow them for more info about their 48 hour cutting marathon July 20-22
Twitter is better! Less drama!
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 1
Up today, must finish taxes and need help building a website. Help me
Nice! Doesn't it all come back to #zoolander? :)
What happened on Alemany street in S.F? I just saw 15 cop cars and yellow tape.
The Little Toe: a device for finding furniture in the dark.
The mint tea I just had is proving a more effective soporific than I'd really intended.
yea rite!! ha
bored hit me up on oovoo
Another FANTASTIC play closed. Next one in 3 weeks!!!
Oh. You can flip of the camera. So classy, girl.
what's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done?(:
Thanks for the recommendation to Check us out and let us know what you think.
i want my muffin btw >.<
just trying to keep you entertained during your current engagements
is this a serious question?
heart you long time!
Via the conference website "This year at #jjhc2011, submissions will be processed through the new Media History Exchange, an archive and...
#FamilyGuy 3 hours can't wait
Have no fear! Welcome Wagon is still a go at Bus HQ tonight. Have you seen the wheels on this Bus? Unstoppable.
LOS ANGELES LAKERS
No one ever texts me now, for real tho
#winning RT : Watching the O's game. I think has created a monster!
I NEED TO WAKE THE FUCK UP. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Roast of Charlie Sheen was hilarious.
I'm excited to hear your presentation!
Tests in gym are actually so stupid. I answered every question with "I don't know/care this will never benefit me in life."
the one with jamie lee curtis?
Any chance of revamping your offical website soon?
Aww. She misses you, Uncle Andrew.
Omg.. 904 followers(: didnt see that~!!!.
no don't do this to me!
I had a great time as well! I miss you girls...
I got the PS3 version
I bought this entire season though.. and this is the only episode (besides one called the 'Hand Banana') I've watched.
SILLY HYPER-PARTISANSHIP: Politically speaking, Most don't care what Obama or Romney did as children. The country needs serious discussion.
RT : Q2: How do you handle the lack of school routine? Does your time shift more toward family?
It's not that difficult. Don't smoke,avoid alcohol and weight gain. Get adequate nutrition and sleep,relax and enjoy yourself,and Exercise!!
another day to get it right...
- a lot of great suggestions. Any web design savvy guys out there..even can be Wordpress savvy
Wonders when is going to have some of his G4 cronies on his podcast, like: ?
I am ridiculously proud of my packing efforts this weekend. One medium duffle + large purse = easy, breezy me!
Great posts, Joe!
On my way to #marac!
not since college daze.
Really want to see the movie bridesmates
ROCKS compared to Comcast! Better picture, cheaper and bette customer service!
Thanks for having us cater the kid's lounge tonight! Go Hornets!!
Shaw Media invites viewers to get wildly close to animals with the launch of Nat Geo Wild
P.S If yu ever paid 4 pussy in yo lifetime yu aint no pimp...Thats like if yu snitched b4 it dnt matter how long ago it was yu not a gangsta
Sometimes we have to stop analyzing the past, stop planning the future, stop figuring out precisely how we feel, and just see what happens.
Stupid nap
Can't wait to see Dierks Bentley tomorrow and promote the hell out of #levilowrey =)
that's good
shouldn't you say "mos definitely still awesome"? ha get it? Mos Def...
Wow. Today brings freezing rain on top of yesterday's 14" of snow. No power. But generators got us off the ground. Might be slow today.
Woo, is following us! We feel special [and better informed ;)]
I'm still obsessed with Call Me Maybe <U+260E>
3rdStringSports has reached 300 followers! Thanks to everyone who has been listening to the podcast and following us on Twitter
Are Really interested in making money check out our website www.createmoneyweb.com
Im glad its meaningful 2U even though shell never acknowledge ur existence. So what if ur just a spec of dust in mileys world?
Glad to hear it - I'll get there sometime for sure, just hasn't happened....yet
We will be featuring a Conjure Cognac after party on Thursday from 7-9:30!!! Drink specials,DJ and prizes, DON'T MISS IT
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: Cormac McCarthy's the Road being confused with Paul McCartney's Carry the Weight.
Heading home from #occupychicago and I am tired! Making your vice heard is hard work
Hi, Again, Kevin. Thanks you so very much for the RETWEET! Wishing you THE BEST!
Who's excited for Free Comic Book Day on Saturday? I know I am!
my grandpa eats cow tongue on his tacos. it's gross.
TWIITTER PEEPS THANK U ALL FOR FOLLOWING YALL ON HERE AND THANX FOR U YALL FOR FOLLOWING ME ON HERE FB ME AT TONINKAJJ
#irene do your best ... Come at me I've already went outside and played today do your best !!! Two minutes later the power goes out Ahh
The moment when you thought you were getting the Wonderstruck perfume by Taylor Swift for Christmas, but your grandma thought it was a CD...
You say that now, but it is not a good sign on a Monday morning.
I'm about 2 hit the club n dance like a stripper
We keep tally per day on white board,sad RT : Jeff commented on Ron's blog post How many times in day can Vin Solutions CRASH?
chocolate in the shape of a veggie.
67% of women who masturbated one to six times a year reported orgasm during masturbation compared with 81% of women ...
your a wonderful daughter to think of it, but not so sure about your spelling!:)
Thank you to the Sprout Fund for generously supporting us! Next Concert November 21, 2010 at 4:30! Don't miss it!
Nearly killed myself trying to reach the cord to turn on the fan in my room. I either need to grow taller or seriously need some furniture
Hate That morning worried/nervous feeling about something /:
should have called
Come to the store an see our new pieces!
2-0 caps.....not unhappy about it
;D I know right ! Haha Jk but yeah I was screaming pretty loud lol
Amen RT: Henry Ford started out with nothing & a dream. Now all the jobs are over seas where people like u sent them
I like the #Lions selection of Ronnell Lewis at 125.
thanks mandatory evacuation from my town so went to the BX family, beer and generator I am set
i'm in a camera whore mood ;P
Great job by today handling a heated topic on
:'[ Even tho you lost you were the best looking one baby ! Lol Good Job Jake ! :]
Innovation is at the intersection of freedom & discipline - John Kao
I hate that song lol
I think Sting. But maybe a mixture? ": Does anyone think Gotye sounds like Peter Gabriel?"
do you seriously? What do you want for it? I wanted one when I bought CTM but your store said it was our of stock :(
Nice. Herbs perk up everything, too, and most work great in containers. Greenhouse experience says nearly every veg does!
Decided to get a corp iPhone, company pays for corp, but doesn't reimburse personal - so going from a 32Gb to a 16Gb, but going 4 to 4S!
I officially have an amazing boyfriend .. Who else would do that for me ? Nobody but , him . (: <3
he said it on a Sunday so it doesn't count.
Cody please stay in australia.
Dude... And were CRACKING up when we realized the one thing people got from me was "clean up your YARD"
Im rocking my shoes,clothes,jeans and my cap ;)
Straight lean
Residuals! Yes!
When you make a world tolerable for yourself, you make a world tolerable for others. ~ Anais Nin
Thanks Mandie! Glad to hear it.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!---
how's the new book coming?
Welcome to Twitter! I love your embroidered jewelry! Sooner than later I will have to snatch something up for myself.
Lunch Cedarlane Low Fat Beans, Rice, & Cheese Burrito (new mighty godly product)
Stop in for happy hour 5-7!! Half off all drafts and well liquors!!! :)
Listening to some of the comments of the Republican candidates for president is nothing more than God’s way of testing our faith in humanity
#beavisandbutthead are back, really?
Crazy But True In My Pants
Are you coming to #NAIAS ?
Thanks for helping to spread the word!
I want to be someone that impacts a life, even if I meet them once.
Kids come home from Eisner Camp tomorrow - yeah! Getting ready to go pick them up.
please provide a translation of sign language symbols for the monitor mixer.....fascinating agitprop
The sad thing is, second chances will never be better then the first opportunity. Life will forever be your ONLY opportunity.
Eep I'm sowwy I misspelled Hat!! And thanks for the retweet! Where did u get the hat?
It was pointless but I got my point across ctfu
Have the perfect birthday & Pigs in the Blanket Day gift Book Baxter, The Pig Who Wanted to be Kosher
What... what was that? We should all call out sick today, you say? ;-)
we in the car, and i dont know him RT : tell the nigga to shut up
Cool did some shopping in SF, now time to get dressed for Kinchas's BDay party!!!!
Oh crap oh crap oh crap
Dear life, slow the heck down.
chillin at home, watching Forensic Files...
But seriously, when did I become Lynn Searcy?
Thank you for being our 100th follower!!! woo!!! *streamers and confetti fall from the Twitter sky*
Can you guys go&follow me on my personal account? PLEASE!(: help me get to 1k!?(;
Finally have an interview on Wednesday! about time professional world.
Hey Thomas!! How is LA? Hope you guys are having fun! I Love You!
welcome to the dark side :-)
I'm looking for group fitness instructors for Bexa! Message me if you are interested!!
I really don't know what to do... There's a lot of thinking to this decision...
I need an ice mocha rite now I'm still tired nd I have to drive
Thx 4 the follow. WE hope you dig the tunes & the video. Hopefully u can help us find these guys. Best & success!
fuckin ricans and their metro phones lmao msg me it
Wow you're a #spelling #sharpshooter!
Wooohoooo~! Is the timing good?
A lot of people love their boobs.
Respect is hard to earn, but freedom is even harder to get.
Newmatic tonight at 12th and Porter! Benefiting Locks of Love!
God wants us to walk in the light of his Son, not stumble in the darkness of the world.
Cynicism is sanity
Happy Mothers Day!!!
let me give you some advice......
you are right, Relly wins again
lol idk about hurricane but looks ghetto and old.
Can't wait to find out :)
After this horrible show tonight I wish that dude woulda shot me last night...
#IUBB played alot better tonight, thier D was great. Poor free throw shooting and a less than average night for Zeller. Keep fighting!!!
Watching "American Idol" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I'll figure something out :)
Here goes thee longest YES/NO message I've ever sent.
those little teeth cleaning pellets were like a rake in my eye.
We won't reach that until June, but that's okay! We are just sick of snow here!
call me doe
All joking aside, no team in the NBA flops more than the clippers.
It is high noon in the Southland. Beautiful sunshine in Los Angeles.
you are NOT tryna see me on the courts when I get outta school
you should just. stop. tweeting.
you know I kid
Typing another paper... A N O T H E R is the key word..
Tryna hit a lick
I just e-mailed you at It will be easier for you to respond to me there. I appreciate your help.
tonight Crazy Uncle Joe Show!!! nuff said
Blackbird Bar. Bloop.
I've definitely heard like 8636186392 different stories about the wreck. If you don't know what happened, please keep your mouth shut.
oh yes I do I remember everything! You were like my first follower and the first person to talk to me on here silly!
what about Floyd tonight?
Mr DonG, do you ski or snowboard?
<<-----about to look for my bed and go to sleep smh lol goodnight L<3 ve
Hello - this same page will be used for spring 307 feel free to continue following class and tweet us! (Or you can always unfollow too).
Off to maz fest! Beautiful day...beautiful show....hopefully the weather holds up!!
RT : If you're at the Five Seasons Family Sports Club in Indianapolis, say hi to Dr. Sallay at the Open House Health Fair.
Every time the Terps score a goal, the sideline looks like a mosh pit. Every time.
MaN jus get ur pops to sign Iverson my G's..kool?
THANK YOU!! <3
Bot 4: King 1, Churchill 1. Game 2. King gets nice play from SS Ryan Thompson who snags chopper up the middle off the 2nd base bag
Ok if nobody else will do it I will... ( voice ) So, Uh , you know, umm What will you be wearing with those shoes???
This is the first MLB season with both a Perfect Game AND a 4 Home Run Game
I have so much homework. #welldamn <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Dam these Korean getting on my nerves out there moving shit.
I just want Ariel's red hair. Is that too much to ask?
#atplc in analyzing data, don't focus on averages. Focus on individual students and their ability to reach the bar.
Really thankful for the staff & I love serving with them. They inspire me.
More Than Welcome Lady Kim.. Good Morrow To You..
yo, like thomas kinkade totally died.
It sucks when you can't put effort into anyone else cause you have that one person still on your mind
Let's pretend for a minute, you couldn't possibly make a mistake - how would you operate?
Maybe another network will pick it up ... it wasn't that bad in the ratings! OY!
Try being the Lone Rowdy fan in the Allison tower at Daytona.... wasn't pretty ! JRs fans weren't too nice!
and students fully engaging and responding. Great experience all around.
Just ran into one of my former ESL students while working retail who apparently is in grad school with my ex. My feelings should be evident.
What time is the game tomorrow?
Your decisions dont effect me! What you eat don't make me shit! _•_
Too much #Astorga this morning. Let's talk about how the girl who rocked James Brown apparently lost the singing competition. What?
Happy Birthday !
"Leonard from R'yleh"
RT : The original energy drink was cracking an egg into a pint of Pabst
Watched the Golden Globes cause it's my job to know what's going on in my industry as much as it is for a DR. to be up to date on Rx.
i like it, your hired!
My favorite fake twitter account is now for having 11K followers already. Honorable mention to for pure comedy
#SometimesIJustWant to go back to the day when all that mattered and I cared about was coloring in the lines
Awesome night for Team DelCO reminding people to vote #NOon2 #FueledbyCandy and a caption contest for the Dracul-Kasich!
debating on flying to CHI to drive to green bay tomorrow! Flights are $199 from ATL!
fuck it whos down to get tatted up with me?!:)
Irks me to hear journalists/pundits/reporters still saying Barack Obama as if he is not the President of the United States.
I saw in Vegas last year. It's nothing new... he looks like Q.
hah idkkk people didn't know it was tonight.
Captain Jack back to #Spurs is perfect fit. Hate it as a #Mavs fan though
Well hey!
exactly! How could anyone even imagine harming a poor innocent baby!
I love it when says I look like It touches my heart.
Not even tired I just know I have to go to bed
ACRL reports freely avail online incl. Futures Thinking for Acad Libr: Higher Ed in 2025
might be the funniest account on twitter. Love every tweet
No, Brett. It's OUR twitter.
love it! Hope you're having a blast! Wish I was there! Miss you!
Is it Friday yet?
Remember when LeBron decided he couldn't win with Mo Williams as his 2nd best player? #Clippers can't win when he's the 5th best.
Xsept Productions | Embrace Originality | Hear my Music in rotation on
#Shouts to all our new #followers! If you want a follow back you must say hello! ...We like to conversate with tweeple. ;)
i'm hungry :(
I'm not really a betting man except with the wife. $1k that Matte nail polishes will be #IN by end of 2013.
When I called to change the ticket, they told me I had lost it because I hadn't called to cancel it.
I can never see the pics you post !
no, i wish :( i would probably die if that happened. hahah
for real! Where you @ tonight?
Helping cousin get ready for her senior prom. yepp, i dont miss it AT ALL. haha
If you dont got a dream you dont got nutn.
#np -The Prayer
Join us @ #ala10 for the Power of Multicultural Exhibits in Building Intercultural Relationships with a Special Tribute to Haiti,6/27,9:00am
I sure am!
funny! RT : zomg went out to a bar with and randomly ran into my college roommate who I haven't seen in 15 years!!
yeah I might go right now just in case, and stock up for the weekend
im a bit nervous about this flight today....first time in Europe as well...
John, what is your goal for the new season?
That Tweet I Was About To Post ... Smh
Like seriously :D you'd be writing rhymes in spanish in no time!
Thanks for the RT! Have a great week.
I can't help it I'm from south Atlanta.
One time at band camp...
Great seeing you last week!
I legit grabbed my phone and almost started to text "Hey. How are you?" but then I thought, "Oh...wait..."
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Thanks to I am obsessed with Halloween, Alaska... so good.
Local #Cuse high schoolers are here learning about sound design, too! Community members can join any workshop from 9a - 10p.
I ask students "Who was the most sympathetic," but they're all saying "This person felt the most sympathy for others." My phrasing problem?
Today = day 11 of my 23-day single parenting adventure. Almost halfway done!
Coraline 3D so well done. Intense, not for children.
TY for following us !! Have a super Monday!
You know when you've gone for a girl who's abit too young when you've got to make the train noise to get your C&*k in her mouth
Was planning on recording today, if Virtuous skip her session tomorrow, I'll be in the booth.
i hear there's some caviar/russian cab thing RT : Slow, smokey Russian party cab home.
Thanks Mary for the follow!
Thanks so much for hosting. Really great discussion. And your office space is lovely. :)
I would take T.O. shows up every game. Randy only plays when he sees fit.
thanks for tweeting u out!! Let us know how you like the app and if we can improve it!!
#stopbullying-that's on my mind this morning.
I already had a hoodie picture. The point still remains the same.
I Cried When we worked it out.
991 members on AAUW Facebook group - way to go!
bring right mix of colors into your home is with vibrant images, or art, good energy predominant #black color, strengthens feminine
So excited about my trip to LaLaLand! Can't wait to see and
I think ima get a cat for christmas
Dear world: Viscous describes a thick liquid. Vicious describes something or someone mean. Yes, I know auto-correct is mean.
We continue to get international orders on our online merch store! Thanks to our friends over seas for the support!
He climbed up on a car and randomly picked a blonde out of the crowd
Yeah, pretty hard to catch it but it was pretty cool
Words don't mean a thing, actions are everything. <U+2764>
A new year you say? Oh wow I had better get started! I have got a lot of things to fail at this year.
People will be most effective working on projects they are excited about.
Music makes everything better <U+E30A><U+E328>
Has everyone arrived home yet? We’d love to hear about your experiences at the ALA Annual Conference this year.
was thinking of heading your way but prob just going to stay local tonight
Why am I playing sims on my ipad When I should be studying for my finals? I definitely have a problem
Should we give out chocolate or sour patch kids to the kids this year?
Eating pork for the first time in sixty years.
whoa whoa we wow
About 65 percent of melanoma cases can be attributed to ultraviolet (UV) radiation from the sun
I like your tweets & you're cute (just saying)
why won't he?!
lol I figured it lighten your mood my bad if it didn't
so are you a goof friend of Ed sheerans??! :)
sry.. Can u repeat the question??
Really!? :) I've had her all 4 years. I'm not taking French this semester, but I'm her TA this period. :)
*posture check* don't wear your shoulders as earrings! are you in front of the computer hunching? Take a deep breath, and let 'em go
I wouldn't trade anything for the life I have now.
anyone here who has gone through a passport re-issue process recently in delhi? would love to talk over coffee/beer!
Ready for today to be over with
That awkward moment when you sing the wrong part of a song with confidence
I like tyme n warranty whenever u tide
Well, after two 3 hour finals, 7 hours in the library, and 12 hours at JU...I am on Christmas break!!
I'm already going to pass out...
call me mr bald head cause i stay clean wit a mean ass sswagg
soul food is my life fuel.
Where are you now, when I need you around.
Im trying to move and go to a graduation all in 1 day....not gonna work!
ha. Ok. I will be in with in the week. It's like the ole 96er...gristle and all!
My inner and outer thighs are screaming from pilates. :) time to enjoy the new bathtub.
Wow. Why they wait till the last seconds before doing something?
he just told her left to right (thts how u read) do bright!!
- good to hear! will be in touch real soon.
Just sent some notes for Can't wait 2 get this shot & share it with you all.
I be cappin but I love that man and he know it!!
Beth Baker Quote: “[Spring will be] a single candle on a birthday cake, ... But the question is, how many candles are we going to have?”
Soil temps have really cooled down over the last couple weeks. Crab grass is now quite a ways away from germinating, getting back to normal
The Green Man photos from today's campus invasion are live. Tag yourself for a chance to win an iPad 2 in our upcoming raffle!
damn, no versions of Panther for Mac through my #nzb , I GOTTA USE #TORRENTS , WTF, TORRENTS ARE FOR HACKS AND NOOBZ
NC State piles on 7 runs in the top half of the 1st off #UVA starter Stephanie Coates.
three times in a row or three times??
tell them a said hi n I miss them n thats god keep doin god 4real
who? Me or ur kids?
I took out the ice axe from the raincoat, gripped it in my hand and, with my eyes closed, dealt him a terrible blow on the head.
Got a Happy Valentine's Day call from my daddy... made me a little teary :) What little girl doesn't love those calls?
hey I need to talk to you
I wish I could pause life
has me wanting to read lol last book i read was my sisters keeper #cried before that the shit they made me in school -.-
Now Following , Follow Back ^_^
OH: "The perimeter has dissolved." As we say in the south, preach it brother!
Bill Maher: "Hank Williams Jr. should have compared Herman Cain to Hitler- he's the one who is always yelling Nine! Nine! Nine!"
Did u catch the story abt the explicit & implicit discrimination by the staff of ? Great job
no thing is better than a global unified family that has forgiven themselves and each other for all offenses from the past.NOW LIVE IN PEACE
The Letter! :-)
in this industry, in most cases it's how all about presentation before we take note of the ability.
showing strength against outclassed competition, 6-0 already
i jizz my pants everytime i listen to this song
what kind of tagging are you looking for? All genre tags come from lastfm
IM GETTING A TRAMPOLINE! Ah! Trampolines are my fourth favorite thing in the while entire world! I'm havin a heartattack. That was random
Helping stranded woman wih a flat tire... Good deed for the day.
thanks I been going tho
Swear it's always the good person in the relationship who always gets accused the most...
#bellarinos and are so proud of you congratualtions!!! : )
I'm in Green Bay for the day.
You know what I mean!!! He has become my favorite singer....
Good seeing you Kyle
the predicament: too damn cold to move. supposed to meet her in 45 mins. still need to shower.
Can't wait until she leaves! Ugh
word i wasnt expecting this
:-) I will be waiting for my rescue
Still trying to navigate within our netowkr with Users and Groups and screen sharing etc...
When kaitilyn kicks you in the bladder<<<<<<<
What is everyone doing this weekend?? Tweet us your #fancy plans!
I just added a new mentor: the indefatigable and ever-analytics !
40% off at the ASUN bookstore! Go Pack!
Hey Brandon
Come join us for Happy Hour tonight from 4-6 for half-price appetizers, $5 house wines and specialty martinis!
#teamprince b glad u r free many a.man who's not free to go most anywhere anytime free from the 1999 album love this song as I do all his
U ARE SO BRUTAL ^_^
I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio. Joan Rivers
Thanks for the RT!
You better start following me! lol
my registration is pending as kellygreen
AH THAT SOUNDS GLORIOUS. GO RUN THROUGH THE FIELDS WITH THE WIND BLOWING THROUGH YOUR HAIR.
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
HEY! Two of those kids were mine! I think I deserve some of the credit!!!! Loved it!
The War on Rugs has been a complete and utter failure.
can you retweet for all of us aspiring actors who wish we could make it like you? :)
This book <
I don't read Coltszilla, so if you're refering to some article on there of course I haven't read it.
what show is it?
RIP Dick Clark!
Its 10-10-10. What are you doing special today?
when you got to watch #MobWives and got to see all the juicy drama. I'm dying here with no cable. Its sad. <U+2639>
I don't know what you were referencing, but it sounds like weak sauce. Who postpones races with coworkers until Saturday?
very nice to connect with you :)
LMAAOOO Diana's just going on #oomf on voxer lmaoo bout his shoes & eyebrows omg i'm just dying.
I would imagine they'd always want more
So far I have 7 ppl to relay for on Friday. Most of them r family, then the rest r really close friends <3
Coo what's the link playa and Hell yea send that track to my email.I tried calling you. Boarding a plane now chop it up later
#Madison only! Mention this post in the store and receive a free St. Patrick's Day gift :) Today only!
Home alone + Weed = Recording
I love CHICKEN :D
Awww... Baja chicken..chipotle sauce some yummy BBQ sauce...
#Lighting companies or : #IHaveAnIdea! It is easy to use, buy, store and give as gifts. Everyone likes holiday decos 2312
:D how are you?
Just tapped, Organic IPA (replaces Stone IPA)
That is awesome.
Ugh this is what i get! A big tummy ache... When i eat like the world is coming to an end.... I jus see food and i dont stop munchin away!
Playing a free show tonight (5pm) at with and Noah and I are going to make a water forest together.
Just saw the creepiest thing while on the freeway, a clown driving a windowless van...wish I would have had time to get a picture.
Absolutely. Same here in Florida. Beats the weather in Iowa and North Dakota.
I dunno. It says "not available" on the netflix on the Wii...has for the past day.
Hey there breakfast lovers! Residence Inn just amped up breakfast! Breakfast burritos and sandwiches, pancakes, yogurt parfaits, and more!!
I haven't talked to my niece all week! I know she's doing wonderful though because she's amazing! I miss her. She should text me!
haha wow so active :p & when does school strt for u??
work until 3 then off for the weekend :)
aww <3 you just made my day I LOVE YOU. thank you. i love you i love you. kbai <3 heheheh hmu whenever your gorgeous too.
RT Set it as low as you want, it's in my DNA to raise that bar and fight for keeps! Let's go Mayhem Team!
I'm pumped! I'm ready for a battle!
The beautiful horses of the Valley Hunt Club.
In 's music video,"Someone Like You",whenever hi tear falls I loose it and almost start crying! :,)
#DearWWEBoard With Brock Lesnar, I suggest he pay for Triple H's medical bills! With , I suggest a Distirct GM for both shows!
RT : The 1st 50 people to whisper “brown sugar banana” @ each Sprinkles receive a free banana cake topped w/ brown sugar frosting!
Speaking of R&B club jams, just remembered Miguel has some cuts that can be played. Same w/ Frank Ocean But that's it
"MY WILD OATS HAVE TURNED TO SHREDDED WHEAT"
After hours of research and rewatching games, I have come to the conclusion I should have picked UK, UofL, OSU and KU for the
RT : Giveaway question: What was the date of the first #Smallbizchat?
great, glad it fit you.. Went to a great cause...
are these refs for real? This is a joke.
Can Bayless play backup to Roy? They both have the ability to get to the hoop.
text me!
WebCamWindow thanks all troops and veterans for doing what they do to keep us safe!
#AhmanGreen Thank you for all the great years.
Awww I have the best did also love u my hoochie!!!
Note to participants/fans - check out our tweets from past 2 mos for Cleanweb project ideas
I would love to have a story on Bloomberg Game Changer which is my favorite TV show, when I do watch TV
You better step your game up
Oops, I forgot, robots are people too. How insensitive of me.
Good morning Villagers! How was everyone's weekend? Did you do anything fun?
oh ok good!:)
That sad moment when you're 20 feet away from your charger. RT " That sad moment when you're phone reaches 1% battery."
Looking forward to tonight with It's gonna be messy.
wow. How long do you think you'll be muted?
At capas party waiting for more people 2 come
FCPS is allowing students to bring computers to school next year. Guess we're not waiting until college to make that investment.
Teddy Thompson Pandora
TODAY IS YOUR DAY..WE SAY U'R DA BEST..SQUIRRELS CAN SEE FAR..GOOD LUCK 2 U!! T/F/S..
good job!
That's how tigers show affection by mauling little children!
Hey rushers :)
Usually, when women look me in the eyes I have to look away after about 3 seconds, but with her I struggle to take my eyes off of her.
Thanks for sharing the link, both of you. I'm cooking up another study and this will be helpful news :)
that would be smart
Man you got some dope talent!!
I saw that ABDC was trending and I thought someone was reciting the dyslexic's alphabet
When's the ring coming?
What is his model?
I love u! #they both can breath air n the gas chamber
So many stars from the 40s in thus movie. Mitchum, Juliane, Curtis, Dana Andrews, the chick from Jules et Jim (Moreau?)
I can't read lips. Who else can't?
<U+266B> Listening to 'Only You (Imogen Heap Mix)' from 'Joshua Radin' <U+266B>
Welcome to the family! RT : Proud to announce our 22nd & 23rd domestic sites: City Year Sacramento &
Shannon, freedom, honor, and dignity
Enjoy! Got a happy surprise in the post today! Had to rewrap as a result. Hurrah!
go bro bro
Downloading it tonight, can't wait!
Not so far...
World Peace not peaceful lol
My hair hitting my back now
I never voted on a date!! Don't tell !
hope it's longer than 15 seconds.
Careful out there...hearing reports of hail and strong winds in downtown Miami.
TO everybody who says Mcdonalds will kill you, go to the Green Hills McDonalds at 7 am. It is a 70+ Country club. Hasn't killed them yet.
owe surgery im sorry :( my mom made me and this kid we had over here wash the wall for maybe an hour then put some
They're playing really well right now too. I just don't want either Los Angeles team or the Heat to win really.
I agree but with all the crap tv that's on it's a nice change with some actual good builders.
Talking about hot gay guys with
Betty White loves me!
That's the best time to tweet... when you need the company! Feel better :-)
calling all unsigned rappers,singers,dancers, & POTENTIAL models "We GOT work!" email your info
The album is done! Final mastering approved this morning!
Jamaal Franklin is the man of the night!
"Promote yourself, but do not demote another." Guilty! Be better & at peace. Voodoo
Damn nas...its that bad?
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS! please help ! I will return the favor ! Tweet me
Being forced to a meditation class..I thought I was done with school for the day
But would it replace your iPhone?
Top 20 female country artists of the past 20 years on #cmt These are out of order. Carrie Underwood beats Dolly and Faith? I think not.
real friends are xtremely hard to come by. keep yur circle small & yur real friends close.
I agree 100%famRT : I can't wait for summer .. There's nothing like summer time in Cali , pure fun & memories
Now everyone knows Jose is mean! ;') ya
Preciate all my team for fuckin wit me last wknd. Y'all loyal as it get and I ain't gon 4get it. Too many to name but u kno who u r.
Dont ask me to go to lunch breakfast or any date on the day you gotta go to the barborshop. Thanks .
Lmaoo ": Sex ain't better than living on burleigh"
What's really good???
For the next week, we'll donate 10 cents to the World Wildlife Fund for every new follower we get, up to 1,000 followers.
U may be in a lame relationship if ya find urself listening to ur gf breathe on the phone. Or narrating the movie ur watching.. at 1:30 am
Well thats pretty cool
ass 88 times in his song Dance
Bummer :( Do you surf concrete? It's a great day for that!
Sounds like you're going to have a swell week!
Even if my mom doesnt take me! I'll go alone
Contact us for more information about living in a #luxury high rise or schedule a tour today! Have a great weekend, San Diego!
I wish lived by Me so I could hang out with him because he is the coolest boy ever!
haha its not a lesbian thing -_-
#whyareyou texting me when your right here lmao. \m/
There's nothing to regret.
I'm totally excited to see what's next with the Keep up the hard work--it's much appreciated!
*through gritted teeth* Take that back... ": Those and1 slippers were ugly man"
Ch 3 issues Droids to all the photogs. For my personal phone I have the iphone. My choice by a mile is the iphone. Smokes it.
the little sand things with tiny rakes?
How do we make the #FLTopTweeters list? lol
Let me go to sleep so i can wake up on time
Goodbye and good riddance.
Great time at Mutt Strut, a little soggy, but still a good time.
playing more music for the hippies at the new Whole Foods on North Ave. 1pm with Ami Saraiya. That place is like the Ikea of hippie food.
I surely will lovee !
Boo you whore.
our july del mar races issue comes out this week! who's joining us for opening day and our fabulous after-party at L'Auberge on July 21??
Gusty gusty, wind is fussy
What are those "Fries" made of?
What features does #Schoology have that #Edmodo does not? RE: Schoology has more options, Edmodo is easier
Shucks... thanks! See you next time!
Ahh!!!! I got the paid position at Golin Harris!!!!!!!!!!
Do you want to help the AEBP? We need door prizes for the preview party. Send email to donate something:
yay for babysitting, golden globes, and boyfriend.
Still grinding with close to starting stack 10000
I love when people get into fights at the AT&T center.
Absolutely--thanks!
Our beloved truck "Betty" returns from her winter home this week.
Eating a donut but then not being able to touch anything because your fingers are so sticky!
is this NFL pregame? You guys need to do something different than what we see on Sundays!
Lorsch - Conflict without trust is politics. Conflict with trust is the search for truth.
Yes. Would love to find a beautiful friock from for
Sometimes I like being a loner.
Thanks for the explanation! Hope your co-worker scores his/her faves!
Don't be scared to be who you are. Because who you are is beautiful.
Thanks! Yours are pretty great too.
Seriously. It is effing Hot!
HB 250 reinstates the New Mexico State funds that support Individual Development Accounts. Please keep these funds in the state budget.
yea she works the stage
working on covers this week: Ramones and New Order
I deleted your number today and I've honestly never been more proud of myself
dance party is the only way to start a saturday night
Back at Ybor City Museum State Park finishing off our shovel testing survey. #urban archaeology
Best day ever! In 3 years, best day ever!
same thing I do everyday I never scared why you scared baby
"Sad thing is, you can still love someone & be wrong for them" ~Elvis Presley
There's an interesting conservative thesis underlying Caprica favoring cultural assimilation over failed multiculturalism policies.
He's out there playing handball
I've been VERY fortunate at Vic Field. This is like, my 7th or 8th!
haha nope!!!;p
Want to join us this Saturday for our bring a friend for free class? We'll be painting the Magnificent Monarch!
right there with ya beebs. Hope you're celebrating with wine like I am ;)
TY for the follow Cynthia! Have a lovely day.
Still waiting on dat feature........
/// First time messing around with putting my beats on iTunes......lets see how this goes.
Definition of a Transvestite: A guy who likes to eat, drink and be Mary!
Movie night? I think so.
Organizing or hosting an event in #SanDiego and want to be a part of it? DM us! Meetups, happy hours, food tastings +more...
not funny.
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up. ~Paul Valery
I am at an internet cafe. The password to the wireless network is 'twinpeaks'. This makes me smile.
Have fun! RT : Getting ready.to run half marathon listening to luckto everybody running
that's gonna be twins!
My thesis was accepted with a few minor style tweaks! Now, I am the master!
Remember the dance combo to Mandy Moore's "Candy"? Me likey.
In English all we talked about was hockey. Our teacher didn't even mind. It was insane(ly awesome)
wait...why are you working this late? ;)
Billy Barty and Ryan Seacrest other big little men.
One of my favorite musicals ever.
Not going on the field trip tomorrow.... Mr moseley is a douche.
(: falling hard
sorry, you're right. forgot about that. :-)
it feels like my hand was put into hot fryer oil. all of the skin is dead
I hear booing but Inge is not on the field? I'm confused
nope ha
I had a horrible week but a good weekend ! And now a bad Sunday night
Revenge it is for basketball. 2 more wins and it's on to the dance. In Kellogg we trust.
Coldstone with my mommy <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Its just somthing about getting a fresh cut that just be having a nigga feeling real good. hell yeah and you no my 360 BANGIN
The shoe does fit.
Gonna make a new Twitter.. !! Bye bye followers
Heard at Infohrm EMEA conference, AIB Bank cites Aruspex client, Aetna, as best in class for work force planning.
what a random thing to ask...
Why the Philadelphia Eagles Are the Biggest Winners of the Draft
There are eleventy billion templates ppl can download to "make a thing," but not so many to teach _why_ they make that thing.
"My bag is really heavy, and I think it's all pills." I'm back in Philly returning to my duties as sick 's fulltime housewife
Thanks for sharing. Definitely gives me things to think about when I go on the market.
Bally's work out,sauna. Got to be in shape!
[Ian looks down at his feet.]
I was just reading that yesterday. Glad to learn I can omit my braces from my one-line if()s. I still like my semicolons.
....and for your NEXT #ux deliverable, we want...a...SHRUBBERY!!!!!
The hardware store is buzzing getting ready for Saturday! Stop in for hardware and hear some great music by Freddy Bliffert.
Still facing L's you would think the niggas wins was low
my prayers are with
"IM RIGHT. IM ROUND. AND IM GETTIN' IT." - James Lamont Adams
Hey wts good :)
Yes! Out 'little startup that could' had a very #goodday!! Thanks for your ever present support and virtual mentions!
What a shame...
I MISS YOU SO MUCH, MAMA!!!
Hrddwethiuy cant sleep
Day two of the coffee binge... dear God is this what life is like when I sleep?! 0.o shoot... I might go into a mini coma after this sh!t...
Q: Remote monitoring raising level of care outside of hospital itself?
What was it before? lol
#hackedbymamamahone you go mama!
Lol hey! How have ya been? I'm good, just working and preparing. What have you been up to?
In W25: Optimizing Your Website at #CILDC and want site feedback? Send your org's URL to today.
Starting Week 2 of our AHB online study and heading into deeper waters!
Fact: a chopped off buffalo head costs $30
Glass windows as a wall don't keep the cold out all that well. Toes = frost bite
RT: Always a cool place to see and be seen! Love it! -- Thanks for the amazing compliment!
I need a desk job ASAP. I'll hop on a Greyhound anywhere.
The Indiana Pacers played very well on last night against the Miami Heat. The Oklahoma City Thunder is also a very good team.
It also thinks all the emails I get from Ingram are spam too.
you don't have to lie about wanting to swim in my deep blue eyes!!!
Thank god it is finally Friday !!!
hahaha big perm!
In addition to not having any cell phone service, I also successfully killed my office computer for a few minutes.
My sister thinks I need to shave my legs! lmfao! What a jokester
Anyway I just said I buy the test explanation.
how many web things do you gotta put your band up on these days, seems like theres a new one every minute.
Need weather info for #springbreak or #sxsw? $50 iTunes card for photos from both if we can add 100 users this week. Use
Why have I been waking up so early this week? Ugh.
Anyone in private practice use schedulecity or other online scheduling? #slpeeps Thinking about it
i know there always trying to rip everyone off
I wish a rapper would change shit up instead of playing it safe
Mac Q: I'm running OS X 10.6.8. Want to sort an entire volume by file size to find my largest files. Is there an app for that? #mac Thanks.
Happy Friday y'all! We're excited to be visiting the this weekend! Will you be there?
haha not at all I enjoyed it :)
Thanks for checking it out! RT : Thanks for the writeup.
I think my only option avail. by the time I leave work will be FourthMeal!
RT " Colors119 blew my mind w the neon pop! Maybe 1 day ill scoop one up in time! PS My celeb clients luv ur work."
OH: "Jesus is always the best case scenario, and he always happens."
Idk why but I sudden burst of rage has come over me.
Yes please soon!Ill txt you! : Gracias mi vida(: I miss you :( we need to hang out!! <3 RT : Bella Jackie!! <3
Brooks agrees to 4 year deal w Bills! Congrats Ron!
Every single night we fight To get a little high on life To get a little something right Something real, at least we try.
I really should be sleeping right now
"You can make excuses or you can make yourself successful.... BUT you can't do both!"
my night, is boring! Yours?
De Graaf: In GDP terms, spending time with your kids or volunteering in your community is a waste of time.
follow me
Thanks for the Klout
Hi, Steph! I'm doing well, thanks. Working on a final paper one paragraph at a time, lol. How are you?
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 11
I bet! I laughed for sure lol
Sunday morning is going to be awesome - our interview with will be airing!! (well part 1! tune in next Wed for more!)
well duh. Thank god for fed-ex
RT : “A mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.”<U+2015> George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones
If work starts on "Easter Basket" flavor now (featuring Cadbury Eggs), it would be ready it time for next Easter, right? Yum!
#nw dirty dancing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Awful/Awesome story! My fam went through a similar situation years ago. Thriving in spite of it all is as good as it gets!
Forecast for Wednesday: Mostly cloudy in the morning. Then partly sunny with a slight chance of showers with isolated...
I had been told that the training procedure with cats was difficult. It's not. Mine had me trained in two days. - Bill Dana
The location of the next season of US Survivor is on my beautiful home country Philippines!
haha ya I definitely wanna see them again
I'm hungry.... I just don't know what I want to eat.
ohh ok. What's your favorite show like now?
do the judges on idol ever judge or are they just cheerleaders; give them pom poms
Today is Faure, Handel, Gaughan world premiere, Zwilich, Actor and then Final Countdown, Whiter Shade of Pale & Hey Jude!
never read the books. She did say "a-team" so I'm going off that. And the ending of course
Ok I'll take the sack
hay teach me a thing or two :D
Yup...that coworker of yours probably deserves a tongue lashing, but not by #you. Which team are you on - the lovers or the haters?
“: I truly can not with cee lo's cat shirt.” -- that cat shirt should be scratch and sn....nevermind...that would be weird.
I really want a tattoo that has to do with System of A Down. Only band that I'd get tattooed on me. I'll love them forever.
There is no telling how many miles you will have to run while chasing a dream. ~Author Unknown
This wedding is already getting on my nerves. I don't like people being flakes with my time. Biggest pet peeve.
but the flash isn't playing on the ipad. just fix it.
Thanks for the hard-hitting 'Snooki is pregnant' report. Happy to breathe a sigh of relief that she won't be partying hard. Whew!
Well played. RT Yeah, Packers' Barnett to the 0-6 Rams for Steven Jackson. Didn't you hear? :) RT Any big trades?
Whitehead-"we should be thanking the tea party for talking about socialism." even opponent conversations add to the dialogue
“: #Fertility is hereditary. If your parents didn't have any children, neither will you.” Lol!
What is the Biology scientist equivalent of ? Selling kidneys? Fencing stolen frog cadavers?
What up homie? LOL How u know what that feels like --> RT The temperature is on penguin pussy outside
Farewell Vegas see you soon
yea check out koofers.com we been working on the second chance exam it has some of the problems done
#gratefultweet: For the beautiful Easter services this morning. 1st service went better than 2nd but overall both went well.
#ihatemyneighborhood my whole street the service suck half the time we see ppl outside making calls cuz inside the house the service is bad
*BREAKING NEWS* Jacksonville signs Tebow...Has helped survivors from previous bandwagon accident. Hundreds of fans believed to be infected.
We got Chocolate Hazelnut shakes...who wants some?
I know(:
Got my hurrr did <U+E31F><U+E313> Love having me a roomie in cosmetology school :)
Obama....endorsement change or evolution mind change of his view of same sex marriage just ignited momentum...all political..
not when you're classy about it.. gosh. you gotta be an upper class prostitute. political figures
Thanks Chris Brown for making Deuce Deuce trend WORLDWIDE yesterday on Twitter!
Congrats on #SHAFTA x3. As the Halo announcer would say: "Triple Kill."
Im not particularly religious but you are in my prayers - hugs! Sorry about the tech issues.
--->RT : Don't hold yourself back ;) go for what ever you feel
I need NPN in NY, NJ & Conn.
you gonna make it to the SDBloggers event? LendingTree/Tree.com reunion!
Ant then #worldpeace got ejected. I love LA
A dad's on Sam's team keeps score on his ipad. Then he emails box scores, etc. I've only had to officially protest once.
Clearing tomorrow with sunshine and upper 70's!!
Buccos are playing though
My grandmother about SKYPE: "Good thing" seems like the guests are taking, and feed them do not! "
not even a butterfly can save me this time.
Found you through Looking forward to your tweets!
thanxxx so much! Happy weekend!
ive been hugging and squeezing my puppies all day. i miss having time to just play with them! yay for summer!
It was great! Your empanadas rock. Just got back from Ecuador and my son was thrilled to be able to have the guanabana soda.
Not fina break my back for somebody else
I'm just sorry we didn't have time to get a Gosling-esque scorpion on the back of Chris Hyde's jacket.
don't ya love my profile pic
Facebook < Twitter < Myspace
oh yeah that sounds like a much better plan. I loves me some
Filming STARS Panto tonight!! It's behind you!!
Frownie face! Hang in there tiger, you will be bye-bye grad school with an epic job soon enough!
I didn't either its legitimately sickening
Since Payton and Vilma are out a year, can they hang out?
RT : Excited to have been selected as the composer for the film Tommy Button! Samples underway, ideas flowing [congrats!!]
Oreo Cookie shakes are our favorite to make! Stop by the Excalibur and check us out!
To LA
Aghh! She's too cute!!
At Military Park for Mini-Marathon, can't run, might as well party with the runners. Find us maybe well put u on TV!
There's a big difference between #BigHistory content and #BigHistory pedagogy. Creating narrative, active learning is the model.
If tears could build a stairway and memories a lane, I'd walk right up to Heaven and bring you home again.
you both are so funny with this contest you're having between you two.
OKC laid it on 'em tonight.
hahaha doesnt matter it will hopefully get done! LOL
Let's all bow our heads in memory of tangled hair and jumpers
I had my gallbladder surprise-removed on Thursday. Fun times.
*~cuter i meant~*
Making my in-the-hand debut at #CTIAw12 - tweet me back and I'll let you touch me :-)
i hate it when ppl do that! it makes me wanna throw my phone against a wall but if i break it ill nevr know if he textd me back
.. My dad made chilli!!!
Shoutout to all my followers
did you know that even in the 1950's and 60's, doctors and educators officially referred to the mentally disabled as "defects"/"deficients"?
thanks, Donald. You are a very active blogger.. keep it up!
Terrence Jones recruitment and strange de-commitment for UW.....I guess that's standard?
Lots of downtown excitement with all the #Batman filming!
I have a provision in my will that my ashes be sprinkled over the Whole Foods antipasto bar.
R.I.P Menciones.
epic dance off last night!
It was a fun night...
Yes! :) Got a text and saw a FB post. And now see your tweet. Go team!
Lesser Known Dog Breeds: There are several "strains" of American Foxhound - including the Walker & the July. www.americanfoxhoundclub.com/
Why isn't your site taking my vote?
They too fake , and I'm too real
And now these three remain: faith, hope, and love. But the greatest of these is Love.
Best match for Tony would be Layla or other.
#MSM media ignores
It's so gross when you drink so much milk and you just wanna barff
Your lemon is in portland?
EVERYONE!!!!! Follow It would mean a lot! CREATOR of this dance CREW!!
always working that's how I'm doing SMH! How are you?
Tony Stark and Pepper Potts :D
#UHsb Jessica Iwata regains the lead for the Rainbow Wahine as her 2 RBI single puts UH up 4-1 after the end of the 3rd #WAC tournament
charter flights minneapolis rent jet ski nyc private planes for rent lake ...
Santa Fe is a little out of my budget for travel. It does look like a great place to visit. I may venture there eventually. Thks.
Are grapes berries? I find that when I eat "mixed berry" flavored things, they always include grape. If so,
The Bulls need minutes from the bigs. Without him I worry about fatigue from Asik, Boozer and Taj is nursing an ankle as well
How 'bout your dead wife giving you a smack down on #haven this week.
Phillip is doing really good! I don't know why the judges are being so hard on him! Lol For some reason..I don't think Jessica
I missed the concerts/Ustream :^( I don't deserve to be called a #mahomie :'^(
Cookie dough ice cream? I think yes :)
I learned just a couple of days ago that i have been fucking with minute men?!?! Wow! goes to show u whose dick game is impressive out here!
#ArabicMusic News - #Egypt: Police forces were able to find the kidnappers of Salah Al Sharnoubi and return him safely to his family.
stop playing solitaire and just do it already!
i'll probably be drunk in the first 5 mins.
` i swear the damn thing be coming on by itself, even after not reading it in a few days
When are you done with school? I can go any day during the week or any Sunday!! Sunday's are best!
pizza rolls than work #isitfridayet?
All paperwork and no #b3d make Oscar something something. All paperwork and no #b3d make Oscar something something. All paperwork and...
They're nothing but performers. They know you want a show so they provide it for you.
how is the peanut bacon muffin? And how is it made? Looks fab!
On the ocean trusting in God is a good thing" says Capt. Wayne Magwood, #MtPSC shrimper. "God takes care of you" he said.
Small gift ideas and Smith teamkaker,
lol It's all sunny and shit now!
To be conscious that you are ignorant is a great step to knowledge - Benjamin Disraeli
#p2 <<< the first residents of FEMA camps. You fools are being used by the commies in power.
yay, work on Christmas Eve. :)
I really dislike Paul Rudd as an actor.
Today's gift card winner is BLAIR WINGHAM. Congratulations!
Catholic Charities ends foster care program - Morris Daily Herald
Getting all set up for showtime!
I'd you have to blow in a machine to start your car!!
#mybigfatgypsy christmas = ridiculous!
I'm still fightin er.
Man needs difficulties; they are necessary for health
Ah, It's Friday and the Biz Kid$ don't have to work tomorrow #haveidiedandgonetoheaven? Have a great weekend friends!
Visiting my big bro in the Big Easy
Austin also makes the best rainstorms, aside from their fish tacos.
Thanks! Will be back in Brew City for a friend's wedding. (Also Brewers/Cards)
like, it actually tastes oily, lol.
Looking for a boardroom in Seattle, Bellevue or Everett area for a commercial I'm shooting next Wed. If u hook me up u can b in it!
I can't wait for some good soccer action tomorrod
The writing was on the wall but where does T-Mobile USA go from here?
I really need to stop procrastinating. I'm so easily distracted today.
“: Police recover video card swallowed by hang glider pilot after woman fell to death in tandem ride WHAT?!!
Always great 2 meet/connect randomly w/ aspiring entrepreneurs Love that we share the space in this building together.
Hey Al, love your analysis. If Tim is "Tebowing", Jeremy should be "Linbowing"!
Thanks! ditto You're the best! : Great gifts-BAKER'S DAUGHTER, SWEET TEA , AMANDA
so i subscribed to your status updates to my phone.......... and i woke up this morning with 15 texts from twitter!!!
I need a place for a piece of pie in Lakewood. Greasy diner type preferably. Suggestions??
i'm going to be diving back into ruby-odrl pretty soon, although we're not doing anything fancy with it
As often as i use the word, i should really learn to spell it right: Sparkley? Google Chrome says no. Looks OK to me :)
Rockefeller Center tree lighting is tonight!
some1 said last wk that since finding YV they have read the Bible consistently for the 1st time in their raised in church life!
Impossible things begin to happen when you obey God in impossible circumstances.
I wasn't sure which of your two sinks to use... So I peed in both;)
I've seen your flag on the marble arch but love is not a victory march it's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah
nigga who da fuck u think u r asking me if u wanna sext?
So I'm beginning to actually like running
hadn't seen the Woody Allen typewriter video, loved it. Thanks!
I dunno I'll ask her in the morning, you aint coming round if I look like a twat though :L <3 <3
oh my science
It's called Battle for Our Minds, Western Elites and the Terror Threat. It's going to make you uncomfortable.
Good evening
Jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks you're an asshole.
Bye bye Steve Jobs, Bye bye iPhone 5
yeah like people really sleep at #SXSW no one is ever sleeping they just recharge when their phones die
Yay! So what you think of them??
what happened?
that'd be great! What about 10 a.m. Wednesday morning on campus?
John Nese & Galco's Soda Pop Stop just blew my mind. Bought a mixed case of 24 strange flavors. Ready for a soda party? Now: spruce beer.
Abby Smith Rumsey asks: what should we be training grad students to do to correct the issues & raise?
Super mc nasty.
watching twit live at SXSW. Anyone else see leo crowdsurf at diggnation? that was great!
Thanks What time are you open tomorrow?
Yes, BigOven! We have a "Use up Leftovers" feature that is exactly what you describe.
fuck or some shit I was showing I fucking cared for the right reasons
Back at it <U+263A>
Everyy girl in my first period just annoys me ...
Played poker last night and the kid at the table didn't understand my Kenny Rogers don't count your $ at the table reference. Damn I'm old.
Where to begin...
hey victoria justice can u give me a shout out plz !!!!1
Yeah! I'm making flight reservations today, so let me see if I can stick around for an extra day.
I'd love to meet ya too! I'm not sure if I'm gonna make it down there or not yet, but I'll keep you posted! :)
On top of the world right now
I AM NOT!!! And I will argue the point with more dignity when I return from this, um, nothing. This nothing.
Creepy maintenance guy working in my office breathing awkwardly heavy and making all kinds of weird noises <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
I don't know who i am anymore.
my all time favorite pic of yu! :O
not reserve, reverse
Identify Opinion Leaders = follow the money (for different values of "money").
Why is Friday trending when it's Saturday?
For our new participants: check out our advice on sharing your #bmorehistoric session proposal! - t.co/kfXGKgzv
send away!
Lmfao. I know but my minutes are free after 9 ^__^
Hey #chicagomarathon runners 20% off w your medal
He resigned after going to work too drunk to rule, but now former Valencia County District Court Judge John Pope is in AA, and doing well.
Happy birthday Edgar Allan Poe!
: What? Your Daughter is Evolving! Congratulations! Your Daughter evolved into... A WHORE!
Good Morning!! On 99.1 The Mix until noon and 103.7 KISS FM until 6!! Hopefully you got an extra hour of sleep! :)
--_Drop Grocery Bill to Zero,, watch www.gasandfoodvideo.com I give 500 leads a month. Enroll at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd
If I were to select a jack-booted group of fascists who are perhaps as large a danger to American society as I could pick today,
Happy Valentine’s Day! Wishing you a very happy, healthy and loving day with your honey!
Man is the only animal whose desires increase as they are fed the only animal that is never satisfied.
she looks like she is in a torture chamber
Following a Timbers victory, the Sea of Orange surrounding BBVA Compass Stadium will be parted. #RCTID From Sea to Shining Sea!
This bitch says your a nobody but can't find nothing better 2 do then talk shit 4 someone she probably never met,pathetic
Amy Winehouse RIP
: pleasure, Rich. Hope you had a great day
"Indecision is the thief of opportunity" - Jim Rohn
RT - All these Patriots fans, but most of them don't even know where New England is. Sad.
Inspiring! RT 15 months ago I was a smoker, Now I raised $500 and am riding 105 miles! Life is great!
Whats really important, Apps/browser/device/web or conversation around content? Don't wait, just get started!
aw you're such a sweetheart for doing that. But didn't your mom change her twitter username recently? lol.
how cool if zoos/ for field trips/ handed students iPads
Tyler Seguin's hand may also need surgery.
"The best way out is always through." ~Robert Frost
Someone please give me this boy with the purple cardigan
Key to generating leads: Put calls-to-action everywhere! Test to figure out what works best.
was sound asleep upstairs then wake up at 2am to the blairing sound of my ipod downstairs goin of... scared the SH** out of me!!
I get the best feeling in the world when u say hi or smile at me because I know even if its just for a second that Ive crossed your mind
FREE POWER CAR WASH!
Why do people bring their problems on social sites ,smh
Seriously. What a swing! Tune in for 2nd half. “: GAME. ON. Beautiful goal. Barcelona 2 - Chelsea 1 #UCLonFOX”
Canceled date yet again!
That girl who sang the cover of bend and break with Allstar
Great to see you here on Twitter.
who takes good care of the boss man?
moving on is always difficult and hard to accept/do.
bout time
I wish I could come but I can't so I'll just be like \o/ from my house :) haha have fun!! <3
It's Only By God's Blessings & Grace, I Am Still Standing.
my cuzzins are comin over 2day but 1 of them is spending the night with me yaay she is goin 2 be happy hurray
Get Inked, Or Die Naked!
if I could like this, I would a million times over
Professionally critics the urban arts in theatre, films, acting and performances.
Not sure the oldsters will make it to midnite. Maybe off early.
Its been a looonngg amazing day<33
Every city needs a lobster truck.
Take a deep breath...at least u found the whole worm instead of just a half
I love you like a love song, baby
RT : Creators of software should have a foot in the classroom #edchat -> your tweet to God's ears :)
1000 full color CDs in full color sleeves with shrink wrap $820!! Hit us! Free delivery to Austin.
#OWIF: There are no sharks in the Mississippi, right? Because there is an enormous fish swimming under the raft.
I know bro! Did you watch the heat?
slide em this way
Whew! Esperanza! What a blast, 4 many reasons. Her pianist Leo is a buddy of mine, & when I heard them a few years back, it felt destined.
It's time for the IMSTEA Super Mileage Challenge!
"Time you're walking isn't time you're wasting. It's time you would've spent dead." - #sxsweco (true )
come share some with me.. Lord knows I need me a good drink right about now.
Just solved education journalism's problems *ha!) with folks at Penn. Thanks for the excuse to get out of the office.
"Oh! It splashed in my mouth"-
Ala dance party see alot of guy butt lol
S/o to & Nati for being in that awkward situation with me.....
i like those :)
Good morning Party people. trying to bring the noise along with the funk today. Coffee up~!
You know this is my 1st season that I'm okay with anyone winning. Fantastic talent this year. Best season
Thanks to and for mentions, appreciate you ever so much!
If I get 1,700 followers by tonight, idk what ill do
you honda accord bitch i'm a LAMBO!
wondering if ill ever get that dream guy:uniform strong passionate good looking tall buff an country wonder if hes out there
Homebrew was there in prior years.l, too many tickets sold, strange layout, big beer
Ever wonder why facebook's own spell check doesn't recognize the word 'facebook?' I do.
Awesome! Really want to attend but have a mtg. How do I access the downloadable version after? Need to register now? Thx!!
Dear - Get yo sexy butts to texas. Please and thank you.
Thanks for the #FollowFriday! Have a wonderful weekend!!
Lucky us for getting to catch up with you!
I hope not I would prefer not to
Don't talk about it, be about it.
Great day at Snap Fitness! Awesome place to come and get healthy!
I control my story.
Nice run this morning in the desert. Now off to Tuscon
I have a feeling the tomatoes won't ripen until I'm in Spain. Chorizo, paella and sangria will have to be my substitutes.
Follow me back? I followed :)
Supply on Melrose&FairFax wit and Chiefn
NSU is kicking it !!
Ooh boy i think of you on two occasions && thats when i want it & thats when i need it !
If Lefebvre had said that, it would have spawned a hundred dissertations...
kelly kelly going to win
Meeting living history - Justice Sandra Day O'Connor at 5pm today.
If Sheldon Cooper was a 10 year old girl, and not nearly as smart...
Every minute of it! And that's a lot of minutes cuz I'm constantly working!
Don't eat melted skittles.. trust me #Anotherlessonlearned <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
If it's CCDA, I had to mute the convo, and I'm an intern. :-\
curious about this, is it like Open Table?
or 2000 even.
omg. you my friend are a genius. best thing ever.
...but if you WERE leaving, you'd be taking over The Tonight Show with by your side, right???
World's best booze. | Pirates won't like how rum didn't make the list. PR? Jamaica? Yeargh, it's Aruban for me!
Rushing to submit an IRB exemption .. hoping to nab some students before they leave in a couple weeks. Fingers crossed!
is my new baby gift! Be sure to check them out - love the 1 for 1 model!
Via Bettina Settles at AWI: The road to success is dotted with many tempting parking places. ~Author Unknown
Shoutout to my new follower: Thanks man I appreciate it!!
Will feel like I am in Paris again.
Great practice!
When I talk on the phone with it probably sounds like we're the two fucking happiest people in the world. Talking.
today is definitely a day for What-a-Burger!
Get ready to get your rocks off! The Carnal Carnival Is Coming! Scicurious Stuff! If you buy it, Flaunt it!
Ugh, and you know what? She'll go right back to him and forget it ever happened. She's setting herself up for
UW-Madison grad Kelly McDonald is taking the stage at #caseasap2010!
Say NO to drugs Kids it will ruin your life lol. I'm serious!
suggest washington street - can see full trophy from ther. I'm sure it will be an aweosme pic!
worse I was also a roommate for a year. Reflects poorly on my people skills.
I like listening to "Take Me There" By #TripLee c:
That must be Len Bias' younger sister.
Yeah we will...... but I'm Cheering you on!!!
Weird people are cool... Look at me.. ;) lol
you know it! :)
oh my god he would
Watching 30 Clubs in 30 Days with Viggle Thu | 11 | MLB Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Oh yeah.... I have twitter!! I forget all the time
Heey i havent been on twitter for 10 days so can you tell me why is his nickname bubbles? :)
I know. And it's so easy to get the correct forms when needed.
#Awwready I got some heaters comin...for real!
I WILL finish this collection management resource project!
In preparation for our strategic planning, we would like to know, "What are the needs of Oklahomans?" Contact
A hundred times every day I remind myself that my inner and outer life are based on the labors of others.
One of the happiest things in life is when you know that you're in love with someone who's even more in love with you.
yessir. The 15th Amendment. Black men had the right then but there were the Jim Crow laws that prevented many from actually doin it
Sorry man, I think got there first.
Up && awake. No devotion for me. (y)
in what state do you live?(: New York right?
woohoo!!! Thank you!!! Let's do something soon!!!
Taylor Gang or be T.I.'s lawyer.
What to blog about.... Hmm. O, yeah.
Good luck to you! May not be ready for prime time just yet, but their market seems promising.
glad to hear you like it! To your success!
yes. A lady after my own heart
A monster does. ):
Charleston Brewing Co. is on North King street, I think. It's nice. OR Blind Tiger. Best bar in C-town.
dude, Forever Together is such a great song! Did you end up going to the concert last Saturday?
I believe that Henri is the artist. There are several murals around town too. There are a couple on Nickerson around Queen Anne.
yuck. Subtle racism is the worst.
LCH hit the spot. Short ribs and filet - they make a proper cocktail and classic interior. Enjoyable for sure!
Had a blasty blast last night assisting fashion designer T-Ray Eccles for SF Marie Claire Chambord event. Sexy underwear and snuggly trim!
my brain in formaldehyde cut into slices sitting on my couch eaten by a mouse
Hungry before your main course arrives? There's an app for that.
We had fun though (:
Happy to meet you--thanks for the follow!
Happiness is a state of being . . . It all starts from within.
SpringJam 2011 in Arlington, Va...Thousand Foot Krutch...I will share a testimonial and much much much more!!! May 14TH....be there!!!
Good morning twitter family!! Enjoy your day!! Its going to be a busy one for me!!
It's coming, ! It's coming.
#LNYHBT send me a follow and I follow back.
football practice at 7:00 in the morning? what a joy.
Thx for promoting on April 26th! Dine out to support
We still have baguettes. Get yours for $1 a baguette! Today only!
cheers for the RT!
Driver in fatal laughing-gas crash to stand trial
Hey! I've been good sis, just working hard. What u been up to? Did u head back to the west coast or are you still around the way?
Woot! #smbaustin RT : Up and at 'em for at the office. 6 AM instead of 5 AM feels like a luxury.
Hahaha she is stunning!
I ain't gone lie. i miss the sip
bro! whats up with a remake of Glen Gary Ross?
I feel powerful when I walk through an intersection & a car has 2 wait for me 2 cross. Then I remember that any one of them can run me over.
Which Vendors/products?
Heh, yeah it's not exactly a blast but I do feel better & I'm almost done! Pretty proud of myself for sticking it out.
Hero or Villain? You Decide - 1/27/1862: President Lincoln issues General War Order #1, commanding all land & sea units to advance on South
New pin-up art from Bruce, Bill Edwards performing with special guest Channel 7's Stephen Clark @ the 4th Avenue Gallery this Friday night
Opened a new box of dental floss picks in bed last night, forgot to put in bathroom & woke up this morning in a pile of dental floss picks.
Barnes- "The inability of Det. Epperson to be called as a witness proved to be the final straw in an already difficult and uphill battle"
P90X is STILL killer after almost 9 months. Love that! Getting ready to ring in 2012 with P90X2!!!
RT : Q: Why bury guitarists six feet under? A: Because deep down they are very nice people. <- Lol--wait, what?!
awesome Google doodle today
I miss that book bag had last year during the playoffs
Thanks Dallas Travers! "Success is inconvenient. If you are serious, you must be willing to take bigger action and sacrifice some things."
awww, thanks chicka! “: I love all of ' tweets! Follow her! :)”
Lol I saw this too late...it's all gone but she shall go on a lunch date next time I see you :) <3
After bein in a relationship for so lng, yu forget how to be single...
Happy New Year everyone!
Warren East pep rallys arent the same without youu!
Workout Time..
That trumpet line is going to haunt my dreams #NHS induction
Yeah that Aloe Blacc track at the end of the I need A dollar Video is....(speechless)
loud in my lungs listening to Mr Khalifa *smoke music*
Might make other arrangements but for now winners will be revealed at party / posted online shortly after. cc:
Welcome to Twitter.
um, he is a shitty ginger. Ew. New rule... Avoid Gingers from the boonies at all costs.
I feel like its the last day of school!
You can't run, you can't hide from me I'm a killer.. #ImGoingToMakeYouLoveME</3
big fat asset
I guess America does get male pole dancers. OR maybe he got through to annoy Piers
Getting down to the wire.... If you want to join in on the Saints Surprise and help United Way... GO, NOW! www.worldchampionfans.com
SHOUT OUT TO U GUYS! THX FOR THE FOLLOW! PPL FOLLOW THEM THEY FOLLOW! THEY GOT SWAG
Brazil International Investors Forum done. Now on to Rio for the weekend with
This week, re! 3.5 years in development later. Haha
its just Brittany running by
And thanks!
I just adore his tweets. Like, can read them for hours.
woohoo - get the word out - are you thinking of applying?
#shower yes!!!
hope is the only thing stronger than fear. a little hope is affective, a lot of hope is dangerous.
who knew whole foods was the scene (& be seen) tonight, dangit.
a hogie or phone. ya didn't even get one yet.
Im the first to admit I did NOT expect this result.
Just occurred to me: I wonder how many followers think my avatar is computer generated.
Reader/Alerts are great tools. We use those as well!
that's too early to be at work Gene!
Our very own will be speaking about Twitter at the Digital Hollywood conference next week. Anyone else going?
454 page book done! Or done enough for now! No worries, I won't make you read it. Closer to freedom! By Friday, only 2 books left to write!
Michael Paxton has video of officers standing over his dead dog. He says APD didn't apologize and they had no reason being at his home
oh. my. mulder caught an alien.. and showed scully. and now she believes.and she admitted she was wrong. oh god. what's happening. oh.
LMAO dude nah you see what im talkin bout with the white dude ! lol
suggests a systematic approach to communities at large for all communities and leverage technology for transportation
I won't give up on us, even if the skies get rough.
do tell...
it is not looking good for today's Galley Chat. My boss pushed our 11:30 meeting up... and we haven't started yet.
We have phones and plans to fit just about everyone...No activation fee and no contract on our prepaid plans!
RT Single to the outfield. Angi scored. We win 9-8! We win! Won it for Kendra #GoAngi Well how cool is that!
No problem (:
Kicking training's ass!!!
I just have the best friends EVER
we do it just never gets really cold! But it does gets hot!!
Westbrook is dumping
Follow more people and they will follow you back! Good Luck!
I'm so sorry for the loss of your youth.
Have I really been in a bad mood lately? Hm.
what is your fav #shakespeare play? : It was lots of fun! "
Does that fruit, veggies, and water for a month really work? I been trying to drop some weight and nothing else seems to work =(
um what?? :'( are you saying what I think ur saying?
Do You Know What Your Business is Really Worth? If you found an investor for your business right now, would you know how to value a stake
Dex: It takes 17 muscles to smile, It takes 41 muscles to frown, And it takes 0 muscles.... to not give a f^ck. Me: Hahahaha
well u should still watch me
One more day of work then off to downtown Vegas for a long weekend!!!
you are a saint for spreading the good word on BBQ
Ugh need to find a place to apply asap, any ideas?!
I hate my first period class with a passion... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Every other city we go, every other video, no matter where we go we see the same fcken hoes! lol
Are you kidding me right now? #TVD ---WELL DONE.
Worked on 2 new songs today. Now we have 8 songs in total. We're going in to record one of our songs tomorrow.
Months without dairy & I still crave cheese. When will it end? I feel lost. I want to eat a bag of shredded cheese. It's THAT bad.
Lol I know, Twitter is dumb af :')
- every time I try to make meatloaf I think of my mom's... (she died when I was I was 10). Can't match it.
I love you Manny. Stay strong<3, it's not easy..
I don't get why sketchers feels the need to copy toms
Mr. Brown, My softball coach for VNGSA, and John are definately some of the only guys I know that aren't idiots.
Do it!
I think I just felt a kick! Tears of joy....
I need legit advice.
Emily get off Twitter and do your homework!
I don't know when it will air, but it's a story about federal work-study grants and I ramble about my two jobs. Nerdy I know
Make a decision to relinquish the need to control, the need to be approved, and the need to judge. Deepak Chopra
Did you know-- The MOST likely cause of sudden tooth pain on several upper teeth simultaneously is sinus inflammation.
I was writing a song today and omg it fits your voice very well ha! ^_^
oh. I always thought he was encased in Dolomite.
wow you're the third person who said River Place! I must look into it now! I've been looking for half a year now. Still am
's cell ringback tone is DJ Khaled - "All I Do Is Win"
I love my friends, but if they keeping teasing me about this secret admierer shit they are going to die. XD >.< #Ineedtoknowrightfuckingnow!
I know who he is lol
RT : HAPPY BLACK HISTORY MONTH-teach your kids HISTORY-SOUL TRAIN came before MTV!
It's Brewfest day! Come down to at 4pm & taste over 100 beers along w/ delicious WI cheese! Tickets are $40 at the door.
hates cheese!;)
this should be interesting ;;
RAINING CATS AND DOGS?? xD RT: NYC for 2 days. and it's raining
Realistic people are boring people :0
sure that's for the quick response!
I feel so special my name's in a Mac Miller song :)
Cool ill be looking out for it.
That's a good point!
Feeling good feeling blessed!!! Happy Sunday yall
,she not in Kentucky, she in North Carolina
In unrelated news, my fantasy football team 'The Boneshakers' won my leagues championship game last night
My mom is down stairs blasting old songs and people wonder why that's all I listen to besides chris b. I get it from my mom
December is coming soon & it is time to start thinking about Holiday Parties Contact any of our properites for more info www.mcmenamins.com
A boy becomes an adult three years before his parents think he does, and about two years after he thinks he does. - Lewis B. Hershey
#MCCosigned I would love a signed mic ;)
Imperial Gothic--Heart of Darkness, Wide Sargasso Sea...The Lover?
Hi Su, I downloaded the ArchitectMap App. It isn't stable. Closes out randomly.
lols good idea
Thanks for new follows and RTs!
My neighbor's not-so-innocent dog got to it!
Anyone using Google Wave? What do you think? I have extra invites if anyone wants one...
Congrats to everyone that did the heavy lifting to make #thatcampphilly happen. A great two days!
i'm an expert!gonna shake up UT,for sure. #whoinvitedthehick?
ended up at laszlo's iron skillet. thanks for rookwood advice!
No days off for me ... Kings, Lakers, Clippers, American Idol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> double shifts none stop <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I LOVE SURPRISE PARTIES!!!!
WWYG: WHERE WOULD YOU GO? STUDY ABROAD FAIR TOMORROW FROM 10AM-1PM IN THE KINNE CENTER
Taylor swift<333 i love her guitar it has the number 13 on it!!
Uecker likes bunting, where's the irrational hatred for him?
mom said were gonna go shopping together to get clothes for state!
Road trip some Phunkers =D
follow back ? Please & thank you. (:
Everyone has one of those nights.... Last night was mine and is my witness. ..... Round 2!!!!
can't wait! RT : 31 days until the outdoor market opens! Start of a new season and a new market! We are very excited....
Make sure you checkout our very own on ABDC Wednesday along with his crew We are so proud!!!
Thanks! RT so grateful to for writing this incredible book: At The Dark End of the Street...only 3 chapters in...
So, now you're taking it on trips with you?!?
new HC articles coming soon be on the lookout !
I take it you are not a fan of the potential signing? or just not at the likely terms?
Gang Star :)
I'm so, so sorry! Hope it gets better quickly!
Thank you, Adrienne. Thank you.
email address
ok send me your email i got you
& coming up next
Godd afternoon everyone!! Send the fan club a pic of where u at today!!
call me when you get a second. wont take long, but need to talk to you
what's up?
Nothing is impossible. When our hearts expand to embrace the impossible, we are able to lead. ~ LAO-TZU
Water main malfunction on garnet..thank god we just washed the bleach out of my hair at the salon!
We ain't cool so don't even act bruh bruhhh(s) .
that was hilarious, don't kill yourself! Please!
/// Feeling very productive today...
havent hit in a while, feels like i've forgotten everything.
same to you Aiesha <U+2665>
did yall get scared lol ? c;
A big shout out/thank you to all the tweeps who showed up and made #bloodybrunch a HUGE success!!! Y'all are the best!!!
Thx 4a gr8 night. We loved every bit, G-rated lyrics & all, although #*%@ would have been OK too!
LINDA, you can't insult Lisa Loeb, that's the first CD I ever bought myself!
RT ": why you so nosy lmaoo"
Wow! That looks awesome - thank you!
So, this weekend Will Ferrell was on SNL & Usher was the musical guest? Am I in the 90's? I want to drink a Surge & play with a Skip•It.
In Houston!!! And we totally look like we don't know what we're doing.
#Mifflin 2012 Stats: 5,000 in attendance. Down from 25,000 in 2011. Nearly 400 arrests. I sense the end of this event is near.
Xbox Kinnect from may be one of the coolest inventions around...
yea but only Bridgewater would help. If you're the NIKE team you should have the 12 best La. Kids.
8 minutes till it goes down!!!
Maybe all the comedy is so amazing that it wouldn't make contextual sense in trailer format? (wipes tear from eye) Good one!
I KNOW. BUT IF YOU FOLLOW A PATH TO HAPPINESS WHATS MEANT TO BE WILL BE AND LOVE WILL FIND U.
That's is a position I can respect, and I stand in agreement of it!
Just got done shooting a hysterical scene for "Celebrities to Go" w
The 100 greatest runs (or working towards it) www.100greatestruns.com
Eric Mill, developer w/ Sunlight Foundation, 45 people helping make governments more transparent. $ from Omidyar Foundation & others
Bouttttta get my tat! Hate on this (:
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when someone is next to u and they fart and then walks away
I've had A's for 15 consecutive quarters in highschool and I have one D 4 weeks into the quarter and all the sudden my parents are up my ass
#highschooltaughtme Most people are very insecure. The only way to be happy is to be yourself.
This week feels like it's never ending...
Good morning. Join and me for WISN 12 News This Morning -- on right now.
Whos all in
Bryan, you've won a copy of Nuclear Dawn! DM us for the code!
today, for once, i think i'm actually caught up.
www.OregonTVfilm.Org........Anyone looking for a job in Portland Oregon? Follow our blue brick road (will reveal more shortly).............
RT : Draw Something does 3000 drawings per second. Wow.
“: Boy bites into severed finger flesh in Arby's sandwich” wtfffffffff
Not only am I doing neat research. I've also found my favorite sport to watch. And it is cricket. Thanks #culturalexchange !
I read that ALEC plan, shady they have a template, but Walker took it and ran with it. Walkers plan is extreme by their standards!
I love weird people too, something about them! -smack-
Funny quote from "The Other Guys". -- makes me laugh "I'm gonna climb over that anger wall some day, and it's gonna to be glorious!" :)
It's AAR's best. Some of the best bits sound a lot like early
Ur Invited to FHF's End of Season Thank You & Holiday Social this Friday Dec 9th 5:30-8:30 p.m. FREE. No RSVP needed. Invite others.
That sucks. Bello was terrific! Every good female driven cop drama seems 2 get canned
RT Whitlock=hack tryin 2 make name 4 self by taking shots at others ... He's not a hack. He's very good. Just has some flaws.
On my backup account.
that would be the best day of my life! <3
Beat my previous Marathon best by 25 minutes in Eugene today! Happy, tired, sore, Marc Chauvet is on ice (as are my calves...)
One. Winning. Drive.
miso soup is the best.
SO bummed I can't go to #Coachella this year but no worries bc and I will be rocking out there next year to make up for it!!
Will navigate us through a change of style.
.: JP Morgan is why we need financial reform.
A new year... new events! What kind of events do you want us to tell you about? RT and let us know!
Omg this is the worst day ever my mouth hurts so bad ): this sucks so bad ):
Yeah, I am too nice and I do have morals. I'm sorry you don't, sounds like a personal problem
Aim Hi 4 Change, autism film camp in association with Joey Travolta has now joined the Divine Graphix Network. Divine Purpose at its Finest!
AT CPC breakfast fundraiser. Listening to speakers talk about the criminals at the DPD.
Doing my hair, I can't stand wet wavy hair
I'll keep drinkin', you'll keep getting skinnier. I'm just like you... Only prettier
ppl always talked about nyr tho kid good or bad. Nyk talk = avoided like the plague before 2 years ago
Looking forward to this evening with !!!
Thanks! I'll check them out for my next book. I looked at a few but never settled on one.
one reason i hate school is because i miss austin's noon ustreams.
Does this really surprise you? RT : And the heat move on....
RT The point of people isn't money. The point of money is people.
Limo ride to gig! Thanks, Johnny Esposito.
Making cookies with my grandma <3
Get started and you've already jumped the highest hurdle in most tasks.~ Cindy Francis
Thanks for checking in on 4sq!
REMINDER: Everybody be sure to write on Mark Zuckerberg's wall for his birthday today!
Just got home, sitting in the recliner with the dog for a few minutes and heading to bed. Happy face.
Registered for classes! Thanks for a great 3 years #SDSU, please don't make me suffer through my last semester.
I wish my crush would like me back<U+E413>
gross, and get you mind out of the gutter
I hope they don't fuck up the Rock and Cena match for WM. I don't wanna see disqualification, count out, or interruptions. Just 1 on 1.
The ideas that 1)White ppl can be wrong about issues that affect Black ppl & 2)Blacks vote based on political acumen don't fly in the GOP.
any version for the kindle fire? Want the book but want to be able to read it in my Kindle.
whatever you say "bruh"
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! D
Thank you so much, I'm really having a great one. :))
gd luck w fest
Does Harvard have a plan for its libraries? I sure hope so.
Some people's work ethic is terrible
Can u handle it if I go there baby wit u?
I think im addicted to orange soda..
Hope you found the QR post helpful!
& guess what my special talent is? I can type with both middle fingers.
i am such a fan of u and ur show hellcats i watch it every tuesday!! i was wondering is u cus plz plz pl plz plz follow me?:)
If you have not gotten ur FREE tix to our House Of Blues show on Sept. 5th, send us a DM with an address and ticket quantity.
Ready for a great Family Christmas concert. The kids are really excited!
This Sunday night we have spinning music videos 4 #ClosetSundays! Club transformed with Video!
Got call from delivery at 7:36 saying they would deliver by 7:30. Window was 2-4. Is it just me? Anyone else have this experience?
I'm thinking pool and gym today! Let's do this!
RT : Just downloaded Branson’s iPad ‘Project’ . It is free for the holidays! Stunning iPad magazine. Wow.
hey what all are we supposed to put on our one pager?
love YOU. can me you and reunite soon???
and will name you the forever king of Rachel World
whatever ! Quit sippN all that #HaterRade!
We're looking for 2-4 people who have recently accepted full-time positions with benefits after being unemployed at least 1 year. We're as…
god damn sexy!
Nearly out of #TraderJoes pomegranate white tea, can't complain to them on Twitter as if it's their fault, because they don't have one.
That moment when you hear something outside your room door,but you know no ones home 0_o soo yu stay in your room till someone gets home -_-
RT : We all have possibilities we don't know about. We can do things we don't even dream we can do. ~ Dale Carnegie...
2 seperate sets of 2 Skins/Steelers tickets available tonight, both in lower bowl. Section 135 or section 142. Let me know if interested.
The Blazers should have locked Oden up with a long term contract. Their only chance of a championship is him
I'm going to be live-tweeting Surf's Up now!
is SO glad that Jesus is in my life! I absolutely don't know what I would ever do without Him! Lord, I worship U bcuz of who u are!
This bitch is like a disease ;((
1 exam down, 2 to go then heading home!!!! #springbreak =)
hai my names sara and i have TYPING ISSUEZ~
My back muscles have issues with my chest muscles and now i have a piched nerve
In a perfect world it would have been Bowe over boldin and Gates over Winslow but you hand a hand in ruining that for me!
Welcome to the most current Housing Trends eNewsletter. This eNewsletter is specially designed for you, with national and local housing inf
i need a/some diversion/s....its summer, i shouldn't be thinking work all the time
Why does it feel like guys are on their period?! Isn't girls only supposed to
WEATHER ALERT! All of Central Florida is now under a tornado watch until 1pm! Julie Broughton is showing us what to expect.
no :D
I'll be playing in Dahlonega, GA tomorrow night! Shenanigans @ 8:30pm. Til then... I'll be unpacking.
Break up the long flight down under with a free domestic flight on a Malaysian stop over with Austravel
Recording studio all day today! "Tenderly" in the making!!!!
so you have bandwidth ;) ...yes I am fishing we are looking for Brand Managers in Tampa
looks interesting. I'll keep my eye on it. thanks for the great links
So sleeply time for anatomy/physiology class <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
RT : Y'all best be wishing a happy birthday!!! What is it with all the bravolebs that are Taurean?
Happy Birthday! Best wishes for the many years ahead
Complexity was the justification for: slavery, sex & racial discrimination, Vietnam, segregation etc. Slippery slope
oh dam;)
See you soon at #NOSCA opening reception--tweet us your photos! And more tremendous sessions, speakers tomorrow.
These quit smoking today commercials with the woman who can't breath is not the first thing I want to hear when I wake up!!!
Not good D':
thanks for the review on ! We should get coffee sometime.
Wahhhhh, my facebook news feed sucks, waahhhhhhh. PLEASE STFU!
thanks so much!! Glad your enjoying it!
structure determines performance (Roberts)
we will see...lol
Who all is going to #Sun #belt? any #pioneers?
hyfr we will. I'm home during the lilac festival right??
Going to Marley and Me
do you have a guide for your iphone app anywhere?
Soaking up the sun
Test tomarrow goodnight twitter............Hello
Metta World Peace apology on his website... tweet to follow...
thank you!!
BREAKING: residents allowed back in homes
beautiful day to be alive
hey :) I followed u. follow me back?
im sick of holding on for so long.. all i want is for someone to understand..
I'm pretty sure I leave the BEST (definitely the longest) voicemails
loved your dress for the #GoldenGlobes! Looked amazing!
The Avengers! (:
what do you mean?
Last night in #KeyWest and going to the
idk where to go??
hello how are you?
lmfbo you can stay (:
Kid Running In Restaurant: AAAAAAAHHHH! Mom: No yelling in the restaurant. Kid: I'm screaming. Priceless.
I didn't finish watching the game so I will assume they won. Good for you. :P RT : ...um...? hm :)
it's me against the world. I win
I may be #TNG, but I'm still ol' school RT : OMG I didn't know you two knew each other
So the real telling point. Until I got to the office, I had forgotten I'd been using the trackpad at home.... I've been assimilated.
Google Places establishes your business quite effectively, providing an intuitive interface for customers to locate your business.
hey yea yea lol whats up?
hey! How hoes it?
A chief event of life is the day in which we have encountered a mind that startled us. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"We build all kinds of altars to other people and none of these people can help you more than you can help yourself" Mellen Thomas Benedict
hippie band name of the day: Sunrise Symposium.
dude!!! i didn't realize you were on until an hour ago... damn it!!! how was it? thanks for the BFC shout!
my pphone bout to die >.< but i dont feel like getting up to get the charger-___-
RT talking about advances in real time data processing, hadoop vs real-time hierarchial counting, mongodb,
Jon Warden is the man!
Nice! Looks have some new reading material. Thank you!
Finally installed ubuntu on an old laptop so now I can dual boot vista and ubuntu. It's like Christmas!
#MyMomTaughtMe To act like a lady and have some respect for myself.
chillen bored and half drunk lol!
Thanks for stopping by!
Evil I've come to tell you that she's evil.
Alright #SENIORS ! The month of May has begun... #GRADUATION !
You may drive me insane but ngl you're pretty amazing <U+2764>
My stepdad a goofy too he lucky im not the fightin type his drunk ass pissin me off too
same I'm going in early tomorrow before my other classes & getting things ready cause I don't go till later in the afternoon
lol there at my cousins house and its to far =P
lol thank u!!!
you fucked up again. took 3 times to install the FP11 update. ghey,.
the bruh about to go in you #alreadyknewthat though
yea sounds good, lots of work
addicted to chopped
; not my finest hour. Swing and a miss.
the white working class is the last acceptable prejudice for (many, not all) middle-class liberals
Bored. Maybe I might go visit W. in a minute
stop in this afternoon and see Eric. He has long islands for 4 bucks
Hey u hear about the Saints getting caught wire tapping opposing coaches head sets? I bet is gon cry bout this too!
OK People...who knows what to do when your cat might be getting ready to have kittens? Things are starting to happen...
hey , thanks , is that ur name asma nice name honey how r ya ?
Having genuine friends is important to me. Having people that have my best interest in mind, yeah thats important to me.
Thank goodness - gotta have priorities!
Ah I swear Starbucks always has the best vibe...id totally live here :)
u know it :D
Be yourself on your business' Facebook page, but keep it professional. Too much personal info isn't always a good thing.
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "Never stay with anyone who puts you down, everything they don't like, someone else will love."
#UConn Pride flowing full force. Amazing win boys. #KembaWalker is def the POY. Lets get ready for the Johnnys or Cuse.
Shaq said that's a toys r us shirt
Coming up in 27 sports at 6... Bret Bielema's response to UW getting screwed in the computer polls (#10 average), yet #5 in coaches' poll
meet who's SVP of Social Impact at the Huffington Post! Just sent him 2 definitions of
Who knows a company that would like to put some snacks, cupcakes or yummy eats in our VIP bags?
Repeating my earlier observance: romney is a "Fortress" with Armed Guards! SECRETIVE. WHY?? What is he HIDING??
We are not born winners or loser, we are born chosers! What will you chose?
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :I watched TV shows begging of the earth. Smart?
ok we're we goin
Ohh Yeah You Better Tweet Me Back Haha I Gotta Tell You Something Tommrow About Hunchy Haha(Insider) #HeIsStalking(:
Can't wait for next week. I've never anticipated a show as much as I do this one. I love TV on Thrusdays now haha
don't say that stop :( look am crying right now I don't feel like talking sorry its not you its just I need some time
Making digital and oldschool collages of spring fashion to cheer self up about this weather + being sick w headache. Winter, winter,go away!
I'm going to Portlandia tomorrow... You can be the bird I put on it. : )
Loved the 2 episodes of B---- I saw on & I've already got two friends hooked on it. Congrats on the premiere tonight!
Can't sleep. Maybe a late night/early morning breakfast will help me.
Yuck sumbody on my #tl UGLY WIT A LONG ASS FACE....never liked her how n the hell did she end up here
Me: Never go full retard. Jes: ha, Billy Ray Cyrus. Me: ...You mean Robert Downey Jr.? Jes: Yea, three words...whatev!
These heroes of finance are like beads on a string; when one slips off, all the rest follow. - Henrik Ibsen
#Chiptole: the rich man's taco bell. (Can never go to that place without spending less than $20)
me back:)
Great session @ Potomac Lighthouse w/Natalie Wexler Jumpstart DC's Scribbles to Novels author. Save June 4 for our inaugural gala.
me n my sis was off dat PEACH CIROC with a hint of LOUD!
I followed her
what u mean i need guidance?
You must make your own plans or end up being a part of someone else's plan- they probably don't have too much planned for you - Jim Rohn
yo that beautiful liar joint I did last year is still rockin. I just listened to it
Kobe Bryant in a Game 7. It doesn't get much better than that. This should be fun."
Potential is a priceless treasure, like gold. All of us have gold hidden within, but we have to dig to get it out.
I agree
Sadly the wedding I am at in NYC is not showing the #SportingKC game. Keep me up to date Twitter!
Dinner is finally in the oven....and the power goes out.
I wonder how hungover is today...
yeah I know ,
RSVP: Vincent Newman Entertainment
I'm getting my braces on the 15th. I'm scared. RED<U+2764>.
Crazy days and Mondays always .... fill in the blank! Have a great week!
Mar 31,1922: Irish Free State Bill passed by House of Commons.
This flu sucks! I had the chance to hang out with the sexiest man in the world! I couldnt go because I am sick. WTF! hes hot/sexy as hell!
Golfing was super fun today
Attention campers.. lunch has been cancelled today due to lack of hustle..deal with it.
"Shout - just let it on out. Confusion becomes a philosophy." ::clap your hands say yeah::in this home on ice::
That would be great come in anytime!
Nothing tastes as good as vegetables from your own garden.
uh most amazing show ever i'm obsessed
figured. That pissed off a lot of people.
they're learning from the best ;) ...unless you weren't showing them the ropes that is.
Ah a LOVELY DAY!!!! Off to the studio with Mr. Rodney Martino Avery. LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL!!!!
Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare. -Japanese Proverb
Fold3 acquisition . . . Ancestry has grown Fold3 subscribers 50% since then - now at 60k subscribers
“: $4.20 Sandwiches, Pizzas, Burgers & Burritos! You know where to order dinner online tonight...” love those specials.
Watching Dark Knight on HBO
The mascot was designed by the Angry Birds' designers.
“: #trickShotMonday takes over 's office...I think this just shows how close the ND football family is!
#IWantToPunchWho think they can talk to me any ol kinda way
From your tweet you seem very smart. So I'm going to follow you.
I love my crazy latino family
Went back out & stared at bush again & I'm thinking rat over squirrel. Even weight of a squirrel would have broke a branch. grr
Hoping for some great storm chasing weather on Monday with strong thunderstorms in the forecast for Wisconsin!! Will I get to see a tornado?
Like I said earlier - last day of the BPL is one of the most exciting days in soccer! Congrats to City. Glory Glory United!!!
Things don't go away because you put them off. In fact, they get heavier. What is one thing you can do today?
arts forsake art
Today's $1000 winner on www.getrichradio.com was Roger Vaudreuil. Congratulations Roger! Tomorrow you could be our winner. Tune in to win!
yes all the dancers are up there :) or i can email you pictures i fyou want.
Listening to my favorite song #yourguardianangel ^^
Omg! I hate this girl she called me "white trash" erkk & i said "people like you are the reason they invented birth control biotch" lol
Hurricane Irene came through late last year (2011). We had about 12 trees come down. This one & another are the largest.
Monday May 16th-Free Regular Soft Drink w/any $8 minimum purchase! Deal is for Twitter fans so show your server you follow us!
And this, among other reasons, is why the geeks love you...
#caps are being outplayed. C'mon guys...let's go!
Back to my #GymFlow after my vacation
JUST THE BASICS YOU FUCK!!!
New Co-Pieces of the Week and The Beat Without pieces are up also!
Missed my chance to get a pic with Miss America
I;M GONNNAAAAAAAAAA
Thursday was Saturday, yesterday was Saturday, today is Saturday, and tomorrow is Sunday. Next weekend will feel like a ripoff!
man i cant wait for cali <3 . I miss it .
Halftime shows for the 2012-2013 school year are about to be bad ass.
Lady walks with my newspaper at the coffee shop. If you think ignorance is expensive, try public education...
number of lic opt have tripled in 12yrs
Yes. It's so sad. Meanwhile: The writer uses shenanigans on page 3 beautifully.
I talk nerdy on a daily basis.
sorry, no offense intended, just needed to free up the feed a bit
Phillip Phillips killing it again
When im upset or feeling weird i love to just go somewhere outside... Sit.. Relax... And think
I hate when I'm walking around my house with socks on and I step on a random wet spot. Like what the hell?
RT Love this! EE Survey question: Which manager would you work for and why? via tinyurl.com/3k57433
Fate, about to post a NYT story @ ethics in journo :) RT Unethical behavior is a short term business strategy at best.
Can't stand how hotel internet isn't free. Not about to spend $51 to have internet access for 4 days. Bah!
I'm so happy right now because followed me (:
Shit, I'm done helping other people. I need to help myself now.
my 1 week old Satellite L755 died bcs of a bios update you pushed and I'm supposed to pay for shpng 2 svc ctr
I'm going to start a national charity holiday. Anyone have any ideas for it? -Lawes
About To Just Go To Sleep :'(
I love you so much and I cant wait till your album! Could u please tweet me?!? :) <3
go team meador!
It's good knowing he's out there, the owlandbear. Takin' 'er easy for all us sinners.
Hello, New York!
Oh and even if the whole episode of Glee sucks (like almost every episode now), they started it with Brian Stokes Mitchell so they win.
nigga like me walks around fearing NO MAN, i dont owe any nigga SHIT. nigga living life like fuck all you niggas.
I hate not hearing from him, makes me worry! :(
I just lost like 30 followers!! Wtf!!!!
Hi Howard! Our Android app should be ready in less than 30 days...interactive app to for lawyers to review depo transcripts!
thank you for the support and motivation to read the book!
Dick Van Dyke presenting the 'Lifetime Achievement' award to the legendary Mary Tyler Moore :D
I miss my boyfriend :(
haha this summer is dedicated to getting some shirts printed!
That sounds like a plan im sure you would like it . You should try english football ??
hahaha "WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING AT" omg I die everytime I think of everything that happened LOVE U SHAWTAYY Next weekend?!!
Tomek Design & Marketing, new service, designing a mobile campaign for your business. Email me if you are ready for one. Enjoy the weekend.
Best of luck to my beautiful Chi Omega sister, Miss Kentucky - Ann-Blair Thornton Chi Theta is so proud of you!!
I knew the school of art and design. The school of crafts lived in craft village, where I only took a few intro classes.
Sleep? That's over rated.
SOMEONE GIVE ME $16.
Waitin on syracuse to play RT if u like syracuse orange baby
I did not try it out on the new distros, wanted to stick with the tld.
After sleeping through a 100 million years we've finally opened our eyes on a luxurious planet, plentiful with life.
he's the only person that I know of who can blitz through an entire iPod library by the time the pre-game is over.
Spring is here! Celebrate with stories, music, games and a craft tomorrow at 10 a.m. at the Paseo Verde Library. For ages 4-6.
you probably got there too late. Bakeries run out early, Kenny, you need to get there earlier...
any plans to expand to Williamsburg, NN, Hampton or Hampton Roads?
does ANYONE know where I might find some #RedSox playoff tickets at a decent price? #bahahahaha .....
Education needs to move from mass production to mass customisation
On October 19, Microsoft promoted Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by gifting Xbox consoles and Kinect bundles to the viewers.
hey pal, are you coming to the EdLab party on Tuesday night?
PF Changs, I am addicted. I was always addicted but now I am even more addicted....
damn. I thought you'd be in NYC for some reason. My ass and I need you.
what does it look like ?
Starting in January, I will be interning at Somerville Community Access Television. So excited to work on their video archive project!
you going to be in SF anytime soon? Looks like is crushing it!
I thought For Today was playing bamboozle?
RT : Spencer: I remember the first time I saw you and I just thought...damn. Just, damn.
Any reccos on good people to follow for crafting/creative inspiration. Other than yourself, of course. :)
At Blackird. Very nice.
Henrique got tapped by Carle there. I won't lie
TONIGHT at is performing LIVE from 7-11pm!!
Sean Covey visited w/BBBSEMO & 9 school pres./supts. to talk student leadership&culture. Great conversation. BBBSEMO is proud partner w/all!
don't let them bed bugs bite
o you cutting?
loved seeing you today too. i did end up getting that new wallet. success all around!
Thanks for the RT's - hope you have a blessed Saturday! PBWY!
Rather grey, but otherwise a nice spring day on the East Coast!
RT : If u live in greater Cincinnati u can get a FREE type 2 diabetes risk test: text HEALTH to 300400.
I so want to be back in #europe right now, particularly in #Prague, day 4 of being home....
I Wish I Was At Home , Cuddling In My Bed & Watching Finding Nemo :D
Don't want to jinx it, but making good progress getting ContentDM ready to go live. If all goes well, soft launch next week.
Thinking about crawling in a random hole and not coming back out until the end of the summer.
Hi The Team says "HELLO & HAPPY TUES!!!"
don't be lyin man startin stuff
I think it ended with the crash.
Our new songs are shaping up to be as tweaky as the 7-11 on 23rd and Penn.
I like facebook so much more than twitter!!
Soundgarden! What's your favorite workout song right now? #BODYROCKERS need #MUSIC!!!
I want some Apple juice!
My little cousins are finding Easter eggs
Hey! If you don't already know about it, you may be interested in ...
": Maggie Gyllenhaal learns Shirley Temple is her cousin: 'My daughter's really gonna flip out...." #FindingYourRoots" great show
Brought Admiral Met Market Bag to Paris and shopping on La Rue Cler Market. Incredible cheeses everywhere!!
it's expensive.. But it's fun to have
Issue deadline is Tomorrow. Call 323-965-1544 to advertise ! email
"Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved."
File sharing advice, please: Our company needs secure storage for files, but ALSO active sharing folders. Should we rely on FTP or Dropbox?
": Dayton would have been in had they won on Friday, but.. NIT show on ESPNU at 9 #BrokenRecord" 2nd NIT championship in 3 years
Starting to see butterflies outside the window! Now it feels like spring! <3
Chills. Exhaustion. Weakness. Runny Nose. Headache. And Stuff. <-- started to feel this way around 6 pm (out of nowhere).
Sounds like non-believers alright! Any chance of finding completely distributed teams who need your skills/expertise maybe?
why ppl you cant support them selves make babies i don't know?
hahaha yeah. i'm hoping i do a little better!
We were hoping to reopen today but AC repairs are taking longer than expected. However, we will definitely be open on Thurs. 6/9. Thanks!
#literacy is to understand & ability to explain a #concept/thing/practice that isn't innate knowledge all breathing things do
RT : Just registered my spot for the fest. Can't wait to shower Portland with my Plastique Pop zine goodness!
We're open til 6pm today. Stop by for a colorful way to end your workday! Affordable, contemporary art at 9th & NY Ave.
You can cut and paste in our builder. You can save it as pdf as well and keep it! Julie
Heard at least two scanner calls today for kids climbing on roofs. Why do they get spring break again? It's been quite a week for mischief.
Night night.(: .xx
love it! Can watch it over and over! Even as a Raiders fan! Your the best female comic!
I got stuck on those sentences. It's got me v. curious about the definition of fan fic and what kids are reading!
plan for day:pick me up for breakfast, go to racine, come back and meet me for dinner
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there, and especially to my awesome mom - June Raymond. Love you so much!
Richard Edwards (): workshop = ouvroir: 1. are rooms in convents; 2. charitable institution; 3. sewing circle
Symantec's Chief Security Strategist Brian Tillett during "Cost of PII" identifies FSA as the 8th Largest US Financial Institution
Yes, love the fearless one, I meant to copy in & not quickgold - some random guy will have an odd msge now lol :)
I'm craving YL and wondering if our trip last week set a precedent for my stomach. Consoling with Fage.
i cannot stand slow texters.
can u dm me somethin? Or u know make it possible for me to dm u....*hint hint
Hot Property: Matthew Perry has penchant for glass houses
What's going on sweethart u look great! How's everything?
My guess is Francis. Unfortunately!
floor layout meeting today at 10:30.
Yes, I did just curl my hair to wear a hat.
hey now, if you embodied how creepy I think Bradley Cooper is, he'd look like Francis Lawrence
I really wish I wasn't over in my days. I need to take today off..so much pain..but I can't. Fml.
So privileged to be able to hear a Holocaust survivor speak . His story gives us all another reason not to be apathetic.
Trying to stay positive. I at least have a phone now and I can finally update my instagram again!
LOL... if I waited a month, I'd suffocate *sighs* ;-)
How to be bought for $1B: Find a $100B company and make your product a threat.
goin? Goin where? I dunno where I'm goin but ill send U a postcard when I get there" -
*in certain countries
Of course you're not a monster! I was kidding! (Forgot the emoticon, my bad) But hanging up on people IS kinda rude, no?.
U know you're blessed when U come back from vacation feeling rested & refreshed, the kids all got along & the husband & I smiling & in love
I am. :) my username is klpm.
RT Portugal The Man van, trailer & gear was STOLEN in Chicago Red Ford Van, Black trailer Alaska plates FJH244
I was in orlando 10 years ago when I first met bryn
Yes, he's still in Houston
Ironic: I'm sitting next to a married MILF who's been eyeing me constantly. And, I'm writing about why NOT to sleep with married women.
Miami is officially in the Andrew Luck sweepstakes!
YOU NEED TO TAN A LOT FOR THIS EVENT ;)
You just got #Served by
It's really a great feeling to walk into a Ranch Market here in SoCal, and to hear a Tony De La Rosa polka. There is hope for CA.
Coconut water>>
u matchin cars and shoes these days? smh
#IWantYouTo tell me how you really feel?
Roulette and I are not on speaking terms.
we are getting married..
"...one thing you should know when you play the game, lies always change, the truth stays the same..."
dang it you should tell them to add a pharmacy lol
~ Donovan House in #DC is now a Hotel. Gr8 #restaurant tagline "Zentan: The spy who loved sushi."
in class and all i can think of is tommorow, got a dope live violinist coming in to cut this melody i got, this record gon b too crazy
Okay, if we were to bet, how long would he have to stay on the air to be "on the air?" When could I declare victory?
Nite people. pretty much made me her bitch in word feud but i won the last one and your only as good as your last game
Good luck! Wouldn't it be great if they had grandma proctors who served warm milk and cookies during the breaks?
Got it!
Whenever I tell my Chilean friend "happy cinco de mayo" she gets pissed for some reason.
You're also awesome!
Excited to have Paul Jr. and Rachael Teutul from TLC's American Chopper w/us this weekend! Come join us: centralonline.tv
merci for the follow. :-)
Cheap Christmas gifts are even cheaper! ALL gifts half price TODAY ONLY!
Had so much fun today!
Cali for the kush cus I know there's plenty there ! ;
When i'm wearing the shortest shorts possible & my mom tells me i have to walk home. <<<
Hi Portland! I'm back. You got my stuff?
We'll miss you Ruth--an amazing 92 yr old who truly lived a life of giving, teaching, learning, books, travel & loving family & friends.
We only charge month-to-month, because we include transaction based fees. (like a cell phone plan).
#PIPPs for life :)
For & : "Menards seeks approval to ratchet up Northland project" (Yes, real headline from the KCBJ.)
Rob Carrick&#39;s Reader: Money can&#39;t buy happiness? Wrong
just finished my history of theory course. I'll miss it. About 15 students did both terms: all the way from Gorgias to New Materialisms
lol if they do, tell them to save me some
ha! Insomnia says hello to your liver.
God of Wine - a play written as a novel - now #68 in American Drama on Amazon between 2 books by David Mamet. :)
- Thanking My Lord & Savior For Another One ! #Blessed :)
the failure to do so can be classified as an illegal overstaying of a visa and can result in immediate deportation
I'm so pissed! I missed the Teen Choice Awards yesterday!
In need of a drink n a friend anyway takers?
RT : How does Burning Man hurt artists, and what is the "real world?" - Is it is the stereotype of the event?
I am supposed to tweet less at one time but I can't get the schedule to work that way! collect/ releasing tweets 1 by 1 too much for me!
Spaghetti with meat sauce, fried capers, parsley, and parmesan & the 2006 Cabanon Bonarda are a match made in heaven!
Wouldn't you know I'm in the midst of building a presentation with a big standards component ... [swoosh] 1 more cut/paste
Google "Let it snow" and wait for it lol..pretty koool
bout to bring my nephew to the park...he's getting so big and thinks he can play on all the big kid stuff..lol
let's support the band and get #TSPARMY trending soliders!
I'll take that as a compliment
I get yelled at for telling my brother to 'Shut Up' but you don't do ANYTHING to him when he literally argues with youu? get outtaa here.
Make sure to check out the Rage. All positions are open to the most committed and most talented palyers!
": I over gingered my kale! #dinnertragedy" too much ginger? No such thing..!!
ee gads. i just walked into work & was greeted w/ a barrage of unread emails. 145 2 be exact. that's what i get for enjoying a 3day wkd.
I can't believe how nice it is outside!
Lets go Blake Griffin!
are you having any discussions on leading in store digital shopper marketing in the breakfast category?
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!:]]]
I always find one hoe just tweeting the fucking fuckery!
Stop--study time
how would you like us to serve you ; )
Now we just gotta convince mama!
Ron Paul possibly becoming a presidential nominee seems improbable like the existence of Bigfoot or female astronauts.
but my god its so beautiful when that boy smiles, (he knows who he is) <3
phish day huh? you bouncing around the room over there?
Wisconsin #Badgers WR Nick Toon () selected 122nd overall by the New Orleans Saints in the 2012
Or "display: none" ;)
wonder what ima do today tho...my mama need to hurry up n txt me the territory or ima just play mw3
that's GOTTA be the MKE airport alterra. seriously craptastic service every. single. time.
bcuz he hasn't blow dried it!:p
": Duty makes us do things well, but love makes us do them beautifully."
Im ready to rage this weekend.
Your screenplay must meet your needs. Hire OneMonthScreenplay to get a great script written around your needs AND a rewrite from your notes.
I feel like the majority of my tweets are about food.
well tell him to bring some of that hotness my way lol
Lets go #LAKERS!!!
You have to be able to accept short term losses for long term gain.
suspended like spirits over speeding cars
Why Mario Yamasaki always throws up a heart when he's introduced? I dont know.
Sounds like Spark & Hustle sizzled in Chi-town ! Sorry I missed it, but hope you'll be back soon!
I wishh I was there!!!
miss you dude!!
Sometimes My mind tells me to give up, but my heart won’t let me! The worst disease in the world is fear, and i am AFRAID of it.
ok its summer im in love.
The wedding/marriage part is, yes. I can do without the labeling ;)
Businesses that target customers in different countries typically find local marketing difficult and expensive
Tigers really like Gould when he came out. Picked Andy Oliver instead....
im so sorry for what is happening to bella God has a plan for everyone she will be cured
Thanks for the <3! Appreciate it so much! Enjoy your tweets!
Stop asking God to order your steps if you're afraid to move your feet.
Good morning!
When people walk slow in the hallways <
oh really?
Chris Brown dancing like David Silver from
Raining outside- come get your workout anytime rain or shine at anytime fitness, 4600
super. Awesome.
Is it that good? Everyone is talking about it.
. your column was exceptional today!
you have a great restaurant! My wife and I loved it, thanks!
read LONG GONE - good hook for a plot but the heroine was a little naive at times given her background
Mama Koku has officially arrived. Only a few more moments until her reading of@ FaithRingglods "Tar Beach" begins. We hope to see you here
my GRANDPA use to give me WHOOPins lol
summerteeth, i love you 4eva: when I forget how to talk i sing ... she's a jar with a heavy lid, my pop quiz kid
artest should be suspended for the entire playoffs
Just got home
New to the Chocolate Library: Gemany's Hachez bars. You're welcome.
Just finished an AWESOME workout! Gotta work on getting a little sun & I'll be camera ready. How did your workout go today?
LOL!!! Not even in the overhead bin? Were you traveling alone or with a companion? Important for sentencing. cc/
Hi John!
Alright, first workout for 2012
The perfect day: Going to bed with a dream, waking up with a purpose.
I'm always up this late..just not tweetin. Lol how r u??
Best segue ever - love your tweets
RT : Before the iPad, no one knew Nuno, a 10-year-old with autism, loved opera.
Listening to new album. good stuff
I keep Urkel like the winslows
Weirded out by the "bridal crash diet" (aka tube feeding) story on Who goes on a tube-feeding diet to lose weight?!
Vegetarian zombies eat Gggrrraaaaiiinnnsss!!!
Check out our website www.rx2you.com , We are a Prescription Assistance Program that offers aid to those in need.
Can an avid AB fan from TN get a RT on her 40th birthday?
Quickest, most efficient trip to buy five appliances ever. Sears, you have impressed me. 's prep work didn't hurt either.
At least once a day, allow yourself the freedom to dream for yourself. - Albert Einstein
My sister is such a grouchy bitch omgg Gtfo
#20thingsaboutme I always say I feel bad for people with disfunctional families but mine is disfunctional too :p
re-hyper-active as fuck...
I Knew I Was Going To Be Sick Today
... this fxkn headache
Sticking with my trusty #Intuos3...for now.
Top companies @ Simon School recruiting students. So maybe there are some jobs out there. Business was not on the "most useless major" list.
Settling in for the final four!
Art museum risk! Have your curator talk from the first person. Nice job !
89 degrees today....good meetings today....but really NOT suit & tie weather!!
Flash & Mobile: Not dead, just removed from the browser. Developers are still able to create (bad) Flash experiences with AIR.
Accountability drives engagement and results; engagement does not drive results.
At the office early to soak up an awesome Ogilvy Exchange presentation: Socially Responsible Behavior Change as A Business Imperative.
The question we submitted has not be asked yet :-/
#Congrats to Justin And Drake :)
I can show you how to easily get 30% discount!
wow slept in till 8:30. time to go to the convention center for some
Thanks Sara!
My enthusiasm for the Packers 2009 season is waning. The O line is going to kill our season. (sad face)
Hope everybody had a great & safe night last night & is refreshed & ready for the day. Tackle any obsticle that comes your way tweeps
I'm Huge in Japan!
congrats on the new addition to the family!!
so true!! Btw I watched smash!!!! I knew that's who would get the part!!
That sounds both much more useful and far less heavy. Huzzah!
Titanic in 3D? Maybe they'll see the fucking iceberg this time.
Awesome vegan cheesesteak from the Terminal Market plus ego-boost at Faculty Services Committee meeting = happy me.
keep me updated on who all gets cut
Conceal Carry Wisconsin law, businesses that post signs to ban weapons are not protected from liability, if a shooting occurs inside place.
We're happy to announce that we've brought in a new writer #AlexMartin for our new upcoming "untitled" feature film.
Really glad this budget crisis happened during the school year. This really could have F'ed up my summer vacation...
first what's so great bout the jacket? And secondly, I'm at work or I would come be a pallbearer lol
We only have one whirlpool suite left for Friday and Saturday.. Hurry because it won't last long ! 317-578-120
Wow! You guys seem like life long friends! That's so cute!! ;) He doesn't seem to notice me! :)
It<U+FFFD>s OK to send flowers, but don<U+FFFD>t let the flowers do all the talking .. The best flowers can say is that you remembered
Wishing the Track & Field team the best of luck at the Drake relays this weekend. Go Panthers!
Happy Birthday ! I have loved you ever since I was in diapers !
Question: how will the recession impact the new economy?
Photos: St. Paul Police turning up the heat | Twin Cities Media Center
Mug other actors? RT The real violence in Hollywood isn't what's on the screen. It's what you have to do to raise the money
Happy Friday = another great, inspirational MS story! Have a wonderful weekend everyone! :)
missed the bus -__-
CAN WE GET BX'S ADDED
Fresh prince episode with will's dad tho.... :(
Kia is clean and ready to take to for 4th Street Forum today!
Seriously, my toe is gonna fall off. It might be infected. Stupid running
Can you stick with the mid-sized venue but charge more??
I don't know any of the answers on this test, and no one wanted to be my partner....
... And who won't be using his "juice" anymore. You'd think, anyway.
Rooting for this day to be the best day of the new year! Good news on the horizon? I certainly need some.
I just want one mother fucking delicious moment
Bro, you need to come out with a #TigerBlood energy drink!!
We're wondering if you do any work to promote safe travel to students while they are studying abroad?
what happened
The ubersport "Running your wife over with your Nascar, while getting roadhead from your sister"
Holiday part tip: Keep all your talk positive. Avoid the negative people,greet them and keep it moving. Stay joyous and healthy!
CES in Quinlan is hosting "Showcase Stars of Tomorrow" at FHS main gym at 7 p.m. Proceeds benefit the Joe Martin Memorial Scholarship Fund.
I can get one for you but he charges a $50 rental fee for the day.
Laptop computers make one productive when one travels; smartphones make one productive when one is in motion.
Love that the weather is getting warmer. Can't wait to do more on-location shoots. Definitely one with a sick motorcycle.
Can't wait to see the New York Post tomorrow.
Slide two fingers in and do a "come here" motion while using your mouth on my clit. I'll usually respond by cumming quickly
And then the superpacs and Citizens United implications.
#NP David Crowder - Thank you for hearing me
San Diego Home/Garden Lifestyles mag published 2 of my articles in Feb 11 edition; I'm one lucky freelancer
Loved #Madmen tonight.
#ThankYouKidrauhl for being such an amazing and inspiring person ily<U+2665>
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood. ~Oscar Wilde
bro. why can't andrew constancio go to our school?
what are you doing tuesday?!
i know :( but i have to study alot for this big test were gonna have :( so how was your day? :)
Don't take credit for 's work!RT : Me and keepin this Intrust Bank lockerroom fresh!
And I'm up.
good luck! :) me& are your #biggestfans YOU'LL DO GREAT! :)
yeah, I'm sure you're lighting it up in that category ;)
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay Why are we so quick to have sex yet so hesitant to say 'I love you'.
RT dont u guys roll at sec cons? <= hope so.
Log Cabin Repub's endorse ; for mayor; who is against marriage equality. Celebrate NOT! Wrong decision!
thanks, you to!!!
is it because your age you can't remember anything else besides 07 and only bring that up? Oop the nursing home is calling you guys!
Look out, y'all! Travis is in Racine!!!
I say yes, b/c the law is clear on where you cant go with it, unless your a law enforcement.
Justin Hopkins from NBCs The Voice is gonna rock out at WITZEND tonight!! Yabadabbadoooo!
We cooked some lentils yesterday. With bacon, polish sausage and Turkish bay leaves. The kids loved it. Good carbs for running too.
me my dad and my sister
“: So any 1 that wants a follow jus tweet me and ill follow as many as I can , x” HOLLA AT A GIRL.~
I agree with half that statement! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>RT : I don't play when it comes to my #Lakers &amp;
Smh was looking forward to something today that's not gonna happen #disappointed !!
Excited by James Landay's discussion of a UW-Tsinghua University world lab. What we need for cross-cultural innovation!
Haha waking up to the smoke detector...
hahah! i stepped right in it! the reason we aren't using the field is cause my dad can't find his key to it...
even though it was't on christmas, still did wish me a Merry Christmas in person! I will never forget that day<3
If you are a student, take advantage of the fruit and veggies in you campus cafeteria. You'll love them!
Looking to finance or refinance an overleveraged multifamily property whose value has taken a nosedive? Remington Capital can help.
sure they have #twistedshotz buttery nipples and porn star in TX! Some drive thru barn does!
Going to go to sushi with my little ladies.
RT : No text from any1 , seems like if you dnt text 1st you won't get 1 smh
Totally amazed by 's performance. She is so flawless:)
I really wanna put this bitch in her place but I will be mature
only decent? things are good here, thanks
What's the difference between a man and a catfish? One is a bottom-feeding scum-sucker, and the other is a fish.
I'm sorry to hear about your father. I will pray for you, I lost my mother in August. He will always be with you.
So glad to have been a fly on the wall today as grilled about the noir-ish underbelly of postwar standup comedy.
haha nice to meet you too(:
Sleep good yes? Okay goodnight.
Okay, I need to try the cinnamon challenge. Let's do it, !
State report found inconsistencies in centers who treat people with special needs. The idea is to create uniformity
This apocalyptic weather is putting me on edge.
“: Can't we all just get a bong.” read my tweets earlier today. Straight said this. Swagg!
Finally saw The Parking Lot Movie. 'Twas awesome, but now my kids want to be attendants. I don't think I could handle the extra angst.
Whether you are in the mood for violence against a wealthy German family or PSU student protesters, has it covered tomorrow.
Absolutely! They're a great band. Glad to have them in the States! Hope you enjoy the show, KT!
Clothing drop-off is now open! Come by The Occasional Wife and enjoy some hot cider and 15% off your entire purchase today. SWAP at 12:30!
damn, not over here. Lol
Yes, please do
that's GREAT! Adam and I only got $900 back. Not like thats not alot but...... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> still missing about $6 , maybe $700?
Such a great talk by about play, tinkering, music, networks, community, radio, and the adjacent possibility.
Good Morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><U+270C>
Ah, then it makes complete sense...enjoy Spain!
Search me on Google+ :)
I never had opportunity to return. Just over two weeks later, before sunrise, the rebels opened fire on Sumter. The storm was upon us.
why?? I wanted to tag her!! Lol
I would have said the tunnels!
On my Phone listening in the air tonight brings back some memories with an ex g/f good times with her!?
All the other people who claim they this and that ant shit
Picking a title for a new post can be one of the hardest things sometimes
Rawr. Tilde key is "programatically" stuck on my laptop. Who what wtf? Nightmare starts now I guess.
Amused that gmail flagged a doodle4google email as spam...
hey ya twin sorry showing my mom that my fever went up she said maybe I have to go tomorrow maybe not idk how to talk to a guy
really wishing the snow would go away
Gonna get serious about my eBay store today! Emptying closets all over the house!!!
How is it kinda mean?
thinking of the days when we wrote "eat my bubbles" on our backs, ran around the hotel at swim meets and didn't care how fast we swam
It's cold and damp today. Warm up with our potato leek soup and a Tuna melt on Croissant.
RT “A man's errors are his portals of discovery.” – James Joyce
“: A Birthday message to Hitler. You're dead and the Jews run the world. Ha ha.”
hahah no you don't boo(: <3 But I do miss you nigggas(:
Partying in Vegas @ Gallery. Catching up with Steven Kennedy
Willow Weather Alert Flood Watch
my research is FOR (not ON) my community...
The administrative waste and utter lack of efficiency involved in a simple doctor visit never ceases to amaze me.
I just woke up from one of the most amazing dreams ever. SO awesome. :]
ICC appoints Andrea Carlevaris as Secretary General of the ICC International Court of Arbitration: See ICC website.
NYY leads DET 6-1 in Game 4 of the series. Bases loaded, no outs in the eigth.
What's this I hear? Write in Nov 2? I cannot wait until this shit is over? Like my good friend stated, it's devastating....
Thanks, Jenna!
I'm jealous! An Alterra bagel sounds amazing right now.
Another teacher addresses the LCPS Board on behalf of her former student who is now a junior in high school and asks to keep FLES.
She taking too long
its really more of a suggestion then a law
LOL, I do hope it is not that much of a better count. Then I won't be able to justify/rationalize my stash. ;)
...I neglected to add that I sign-off on contraceptives each day as a pharmacist. Am not against. Enough of my 2-cents. "Hugo", wow!
this is a terrific post. GREAT idea to apply clin exc domains to SoMe!
Spending the better part of the day at Pep Boys today, hmmmph.
I just saw a cookie monster on the elevator. I love NY. She didn't know it was Halloween....
Thank you to Yvette at Theo's for seeing me on short notice and making me look good at a lightning fast pace.
Had a coo little day & time to catch some Z's
anything you do out of school and that is not on school property cannot be held against you. If its HS
..what an over run and busy bloak! Take time for you, I'm serious! Laugh alil, get loose..get layed, savy? REMEMBER YOU!!!
Looks like it's going to be a good DAY AUSTIN!
- Hulk Smash
Hello, Phoenix.
was great on #SommChat - see u nxt week : most sorry I missed Jason a couple of weeks ago
Hahaha i have no idea :|
If I didn't have school tomorrow, I'd be out walking in the storm.
Not me, you probably cheer for Lex Luther, and the Joker too!
I can help you out! Including garment type, finishing options, budgets, designs, and production runs. I specialize in clothing
Six out of 10 London schools hit by Wednesday's strike: Department for Education confirms that 60% of the capita..
Why's that Alex?
Follow us to find out about great food and drink deals all week! We also do full svc catering & pvt events
Pawlenty sure must be kicking himself.
Man, i Just read the Saddest thing . it Really Made me Think About Things From a Different Perspective .
Thanks Erin! It's kinda fun!
Love it! RT : Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. ~
Great! Looking forward to seeing
no they're good I already at some of the same yesterday
Is it too early to take a "nap" ??
So what'd ya think? We love Ben Harris' Bailout song. RT : Seeing First Date This will be my first musical in many years.
Agreed! "Hate Sundays without #NASCAR but having final round of Masters helps a bit. #GoPhil"
Save the date - Friday April 20 is the date of EnTec's annual Engineering Students Project Showcase @ Wolfson Campus!
would love a tweet from u. Been a long time
hey i am sorry my page got hacked...we all good now
industry trivia nite 2nite $10 per person up 2 6 per team entry gets u free beer teams of 6 industry workers get a comp bottle starts10pm
; rather not.
i miss you to. Come see me
lol, T-Pain is just so absurd.
well since I failed and passed out last night! Happy birthday Austin! Your 16, can u believe it?!?! <3 have the best day ever!
How's it going. give me a call about a possible opportunity.
UTSA hits the 3 to tie it!!!! We are going to overtime!
Hi, Colleen! Do you have a link w more info? Can forward to our #TSDigs judges & partners. Thanks!
Rest in peace whitney Houston
In global / world history
thanks eagle man!
Will do!! Thanks!
I wished you would have followed me on Jan. 7th (My Birthday) ;But you didnt ): my wish didnt come true , #SOMEDAY You Will <3
well, my knitting students loved them
Off to lunch with Ke$h. Let's see what comes from that.
Thanks for following me that means a lot to me as an up coming comedian actor
Think Like A Man..!
How is Direct Matches progressing along? You mentioned the group to us last year.
Love this new tool www.blabberize.com Very interesting way to introduce an animal to a student?? actor?? etc to any pic.
Windows Opened! Birds Singing! Sun Shining! Lovely Music Playing! WE LOVE YOU NEW YORK! WE LOVE YOU SPRING!
and dont forget to tag Pink Elly Clothing too!
Signs u may be replaced as #soccer coach: Team gives you end of year gift card after 2nd game.
We need to chat.
you're the British doppleganger of or vice versa ;)
Your so fine I might come back to life just to see you.
que que???? Los
wtf. that's dumb.
Treating people like shit gets you nowhere
Faculty egos can be a barrier to learning technology. Faculty have egos? SURELY NOT
Is there a simple bit of CSS out there for making dropdown menus (unordered lists within lists) into a more mobile-friendly format?
oranges are so delicious
I shit you not, my lodger has watched Flashdance twice in 24hrs..she's 31!
On with new music from Joey Ramone, Passion Pit, Metric, and Guantanamo Baywatch! Plus, blue's legend Robert Johnson born on this day.
send pictures
": Why you aint never come out with me lol" baby im sorry lol nxt time we will go out and ill sleep over
Daydreaming about having a play date with at the Boston aquarium. Really, I'm doing my taxes in San Francisco. <Sigh>
if you really want me on your team, you just have to ask.
whats up cutie pie
not really... but I play soccer so kinda have to be good at running. whas your name?
Braves aren't lookin' real good
it does !
Gearing up for some usability testing in office...ghetto style
at the stone briar westin. We have a dinner from 7-9 I think. What side of town are you on?
Hey everyone ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
crushes crush you.
penniless and tired with your hair grown long
Headed to Zoo Atlanta tomorrow and hope to see the real Ivan:)
Could Blazers have an Olympian this summer? LaMarcus Aldridge among 20 finalists for spot on U.S. Olympic Basketball team
just got my Scuf Elite controller, so sexy i cant put the thing down. Great work!
What is "The Complex"?
I love you MLB Blackout rules. And by "love" I mean "go die in a fire".
Did Justin Bieber & Selena Gomez Break Up?
god job!! We must celebrate!
what article?
it is Friday! It can only get better
The Curb Center at Vanderbilt Celebrates Washington, DC, Artist "Big Al" Carter at 5:00 on Tuesday
If you are in the Phila. region right now, I have one thing to say: Turn off the computer & get outside! That's where I'm bound...
UG stupid company... they screwed up on my tassel and its now the wrong color... There's no time for me to get another...
when people cant keep their bigmouths shut.
mcgahee Gains 3 yards on the Carry.
#10ThingsIHate; you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, and you. Yeah. I guess that's all..
The trouble with life isn't that there is no answer, it's that there are so many answers
are you in Chicago?!
And now there's no fucking sound
these cockroaches are simply intefering w/my dreamweaver project. I cant complete it Mother's Day Weekend these fail think of only me
ha! You know we still love you even if you don't have "words of wisdom" for us all the time! #takeabreak : )
The smell of dirty water dogs and other things fill the air
Nose to mouth
Thank God u-blew-it. Thank God I dodged-a-bullet. Im so over u, baby good lookin ouuuuuttttt... Damn, Sensei Beyonce... Ur so wise!
I just see a guy who is out of touch. Sad really!! He needs someone w him to balance him out. But that will not happen.
all the things!! btw. we're down to about 10 of those skull prints. still want one/three? will trade for libations.
Why is Call Me Maybe stuck in my head?!
psychedelics of typing with your nose right above luggage carousel
What! They got the She Ratchet song on the radio!
“Success comes in cans; failure in can'ts”
Sunday's are always extra hot
I'm going to bed, finally.
Taste your words before you spit them out.
oh kewl! Did you see Bound By Blood:Wendigo yet? You were great in your part!
OMG a sign of the apocalypse.......the LA Clippers are in the second round.......the Clippers have advanced...MASS HYSTERIA!!!!
good idea! Though I think we should go tomorrow because if we did it today there might not be enough time to spread the word...
totally agree... But then again, is anybody really ready for ??
I still don't buy it. To me, spending the money on Greinke would be more important.
let me know I'm all about sharing
": Chris Kreider is good at playing ice hockey.". Can he coach football too?!
I could run sloans right now! Yeeeeaah!
Theme today: what excites our spirit and energy is what we need to do. Passion is most important
TONIGHT: ED ROBINSON has a show tonight at 11:00 PM @ Tuxedo Junction in Danbury, CT
I like the people who can keep the conversation going, no matter how random the topics get.
Who needs an alarm clock when the smell of the kitchen cooking BACON comes wafting into my room on the 9th floor at 5:30 in the morning!
que viaje tan increible! looking forward to the special coverage. It is at times like these that I miss being a reporter!!
not sure the word "new" applies here
Tip of the day: if you have been searching for an idol then you can now be idle because Billy Idol.
now following ya :)
Set goals for yourself and once you reach them set new ones. Goals help you push yourself
Snuck out of session to troubleshoot wifi, now enjoying a quiet moment in the lobby. Ah...
Fuck outa here man, don't try to be little me. Especially when I had your back.
haha lol that was exhausting and it didn't pay off :'O
2 Legendary Talents and Sex Symbols!!! #LOVE YOU FREE!!
Start your week the right way by coming in today and letting us make you beautiful! 614.447.2600
": Im down for you , so ride for me <3"
but did you get any of queen Elizabeth's birthday cake?
We are all unique but most people follow the ways of the world, which leads to forfeiting your uniqueness
#captaincally is doing it real Big right now.
Call my mann again, && Bitxh you gon' be prayin !
If I wasn't so old and fat I'd join an emo band...
McIntire began Radio Free America when his radio broadcast license was pulled...
when are the new-old songs coming out? haha
Trying to register for classes and housing. This is hard
Despite the recession, US Latino households that earn $50,000 or more are growing at a faster rate than total households.
para is paragraphs when I RP they are long paragraphs
NY fed web site - mortgage delinquencies by county. 90+ days delinquent is the shadow inventory. 98% of those folks will be foreclosed on.
poor Spanky... Condemned to bobblehead hell
I was startled just enough by last night's first episode of "Girls" to realize I'm not part of that generation.
Famazing! Congrats #packers!
I still got some mo weeks on my free trial
I know a lot of Spanish so maybe I should start tweeting in Spanish too! Estoy tan aburrido no sé qué hacer
#MCFC fans are experiencing a joy similar to that of #Packers fans after wining SB31. Generations thought it would never happen again.
Gym time over. Now time to go back into the studio.
My my my it looks like Zambia has just got its independce from MMD farewell to Money retune Banda.
Why is my dog howling.....
hmm do you know ad any? I'm not going to miss out this time:)
Who are your Top 5 childhood sex symbols? Mine: Whitney Houston (pre-crack), Halle Berry, Annabella Sciorra, Lisa Barbuscia, Gabby Sabitini
Find us at Detroit Bar tonight!
start your day with a smile:-)
I wish my job encouraged fitness and health. Mine just encourages carpal tunnel syndrome. :)
seriously?! That sucks!
lol really? man i've been to some other labs and it looks like hell in there bro
hope you didn't watch it to figure that one out
OCALA! Next Thursday at Central Christian Church! Come get stoked!
Good example of how important one must learn the geography of the ancestral home.
I will follow yall my new followers
For the love of god, come to Lincoln Park.
New Collaboration Helps Dallas/Fort Worth Area
remind me that I have an idea for our bottle design and labels. Oh, and we need to be able to print our own labels in house.
#OnlyIfHadSuperPowers I wouldn't need a car, I would teleport where ever the hell I want (y)
I received this tweet from someone I trust ..."Saw Tannehill at camp today. Wow!"
take me (;
In Toledo for vs. with my son. Beautiful weather. What a great day!
Jonathan scores 2 goals!
Feel lightheaded
Melissa Harris-Perry is hot and all, but that lisp man. THAT LISP.... Ew.
I didn't see that. Good move for Nike. They are going to be a quality side for years to come.
I still get in trouble for that... But we ALL were singing!!
A well educated electorate will control the country via their elected representatives. An ignorant electorate will be ruled by them.
Oomf better come my way today, if they dont we gone fight.
#wma2011 Idea #5: No time for nostalgia
trying to be.
have Mazz call Tufts and use his #jumbos alumni status. No way they make it, harder than it looks.
Welp, gonna sleep here. Okay? Okay.
IM NOT SURE YET.SEEIN IT AT MOVIES WOULD BE SLICK.ITS 20 FOR THAT IDJ HOW MUCH BARS WANT
Honorable that u gave ur money away RT : Got money on cotto puerto rican pride!
Tonight's the night! See you Balliceaux!
I have not made the adjustment from Norway to Las Vegas yet. Still a work in progress...
Searching for new furniture on Entering danger zone.
I'm excited. Need some new songs for the whip!!
Couples Outraged With Adoption Agency
bored. up my gma house and shoutout to ! u need to hurry up and cum up ur gma house girl
Never been so tired in my life. that was a busy busy weekend!
I'm on your side. I hate flying because of BS airlines and TSA crap. I'd rather drive.
Does anyone else feel like this week is flying by so fast?
Think my phatty here
Twitter is turning into Facebook . #somuchdrama .
Have either of you tried the Men's Health Personal Trainer?
We had thunder. We had rain. We had hail, but no cow. we didn't have cow.
A beautiful nightmare broke up. Duh fuq??!!????
Wife was complaining about the cost of vacation this year. I told her we can save 50% if you don't go. She didn't like my answer.
Democratization of content- using handheld tech to aid mobile medical reference (meeting users where they are)
WOOHOO GO US
Such a beautiful day :)
Also, iTunes is giving away a song off of it for free download right now. :) Enjoy!
it doesn't make sense for him, and our preseason ranking will drop , but the backups are better
North Beach ain't too shabby either. Hit up Cafe Roma. :)
let's work
WooHoo! RT My shirt was on my doorstep!!!
Are there two snow white movies coming out? A little overkill...
See you there. Psyched!
ik its past my bedtime wut if he answers?
No matter what, wen i greet ya, im gonna ask u how you doin and if everything is alrite.... its polite& it always start a good conversation.
follow back!(:
sitting at lame ass home , what you doing stupid
Needs a cinnamon roll date STAT! “: Cinnamon rolls ready! Lots of cookies & scones! Stop by Happy Hour $3 smoothies 2-4p!”
Our lost & found contents currently include a blanket and an (empty) bottle of (cheap) champagne. Happy finals, indeed.
- I think it was originally by Fleetwood Mac. The Dixie Chicks covered it.
Who wants to win a FREE Dell laptop?
i seek greatness,so i really seek GOD,and so,through the process of my searching,I WILL DO GREAT THINGS! i believe i am an image of GOD!
Opinion: Title underscores need for pension reform Jeff Clark is performing assistant city manager duties but cannot hold the title.
My mom just called 30 Rock "Third Rock." -____-
Richard Freckle
Stop staring at me. I obviously don't want to talk to you, that's why I have yet to speak in your direction.
ok (: thanks.
Many people will walk in and out of ur life but true friends will leave footprints on ur heart
My teacher calls me 'Milkshake Boy' because I told a joke about me making milkshakes and there were boys on my yard. She laughed so hard.
#3WordsForYou Take a seat
what are u watching? :) <U+2665>
Brooklynn in the house. Peeps out there - follow her! She's one of our super talented #TakeTheStage singers!
hey, Um are you still accepting Cover Girl pics for the video??
So much drama in the NFL postseason this year! Is Tebow going all the way? If Tebow is destined for a ring does that make GB the bad guy?
ST team at panel! CEO Brooke says don't be shy about what you're working on! Events like these pay off.
This game <<
Fluery is so solid right now; really seeing the puck well.
Girl I just wanna see u strip
IF YOU WANNA GET GEARED UP !! CHK NWC .. FOR ALL THE DIFFERENT STYLES N STREETWEAR & THE BLOG IS SICK. NUWORLDCULTURECLOTHING.COM
John Dewey: Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of imagination.
N the US we only say holiday if refering to day we celebrate like birthdays,christmas, etc... But I am havinga goodvacation :)
YESS! we can if you come home sort of soon, because it's almost 11 here and I am very tired from my weekend!
how much are tickets? my mom might fly me out to new york to see u:')<3
we need a picture of matt with cody AND jared.
People who cycle through candidates like laundry are clearly not approaching it right.
On this MLK day, let us learn to work together for the greater good.
Instead of thinking about what you are missing, try thinking about what you have that everyone else is missing.
so strange haha, we're weird people...
hi loretta!! so nice to c you here and that you were able to tune into the summit. Yes, i would recommend it. : )
My son Gavin & I had a great time at the Farmers Insurance Open Saturday. Thank you!
i apologize but i dont realize what i'm doing wrong.
Watching Rush Hour 3 it is funny as fuck Chris Tucker everybody was Kong fu fighting
prepare to get hurt and mangled like Kurt Angle
omg he does it just for you
AAHH. GET UP, CHRISTINA. YOU HAVE TO LEAVE, SOON.
that's awesome!
Lee wants you to tell Jack she doesn't have internet right now; so, no letter for now.
Yes, glad I was able to make it out. Great night for soul music.
i know on a basic level that i like The Shins, but i have no idea what mood i have to be in to listen to them. i always skip them on shuffle
I'm terrified!
I know it's week one but fin nice!!!!
This device seems like it will help students stay organized and on task, especially in distance learning!
Recruiting weekend!
Ha! Love it, I heard it was an amazing event!!!
IP Man 2 is pretty good as well. Aparrently there is a third one. Either way Donnie Yen is the shit!
We are speechless. #dogwalkinglife RT : I think my foot is stuck in my boot. If I don't survive, go on without me.
40 animal interactions every day with the aquariums new program!
If 8th grade Gwen stefani doesn't get u pumped idk what does
sorry, I missed this tweet. What was your question?
thx for the tweet! How did you hear about our show?
Scottsdale losing police officers because of pay | News-ON Phoenix
thanks!!! I will!!
I wrote you a letter & delivered it today to for you to read. My name is Mark Blane & I think we can stop bullying!
How can I acquire a bass guitar and a small amp in Houston for 6 weeks, for little to no money?
goodnight, it would be nice if oomf would surprise me with a stawberry shake or stawberry banana smoothie from mcdonalds but nope :/
If you auto-DM me after I follow you...
The wind is shaking our car all over the place
let's go together soon !!
lmao omg you're too much hahaha
This headache is killing me....
how many days is that?!
yea i know
It's show time! HAIRSPRAY <3
True, true. And yes, the nueske's bacon nails it. Hence, our cookies topped with bacon. Best dessert out there.
My little buddy downstairs just went to Urgent Care with a temp of 104.1. Feel better, Liam. :(
I'm gonna dance!!
I'm so xcited! Curator actually agreed 2 let me actually work w/the books in the coll. Sad isn't it? That's all it takes 2 make me happy
Then again I'm always cold....
Today I did a total of 45 pushups thanks to the Hundred Pushups iPhone app. (Week 3, Day 1, Level 1)
You Obviously Love One Direction
1 min for a RT.. Already order my season tickets to watch you ball next year! Happy b-day!
good luck Checo, we're rooting for you!
Money is needed, but it is also overrated. Aim for happiness, not for possessions.
im off at 230
IT GOING DOWN TONIGHT AT CLUB MECCA MIAMI BLACK DJ EPPS AND YMCMB AND THE ONE AND ONLY UNCLE LUKE A.K.A LIL LUKE 2012 B -DAY BASH
I love you so much and you mean the world to me. I just hate how you dont love me back </3
Ofcourse! But you haven't followed me yet? Will you please follow me? <AB
what I want to know is why are the jags even on Monday night football!!!! Did you just see that snap!!! Wow
I would like to find a stew that will give me heartburn immediately, instead of at three o'clock in the morning
thanks for the RT Dan! Happy Monday to ya!
Waiting for the day I cross your kiss off my bucket list(:
A little town named Thonotosassa :o
If you have to ask why they would name her Henrietta, you haven't been paying attention.
Holy hail....Chicago getting it pretty bad.
love you to cuzzz(;
#ThingsParentsSay Go clean you're room!
Something to look forward to tomorrow: we're dropping 's minimalism-themed mixtape.
Tis the season to workout! R U coming to the Body Flex & Glide with Susie this morning? 9:00 am Wednesday Dec. 21
Basic graphic design tip #1: avoid using too many different fonts in one design
This year went by so fast.
There has been only one Christmas, the rest are anniversaries. ~ W. J. Cameron
All guys should wear a cup when skateboarding!
Watching Celebration of Gospel!!
So that means she's a left-wing liberal?
Done, that's a wrap. Night
Jazz jam tonight at school. Good times!
A juvenile bobcat just came right up to the window of Caldera's Hearth building ... stared at artists inside, sniffed, and trotted off.
This old man has a hat on that says "I'm a cage fighter"..... sure ya are lmfao
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout I
“: SUNDAYS. #housemusic at its best. ” own it
I'm trying really hard.
Im so sad<U+E411> please answer
7 Eleven serves all kinds of breakfast foods at any time of the day for comparably low prices
Everytime were separated it's like 20 bullets to the chest:'(
My brain hurts.... I need someone to massage it, just not a Zombie.
Coffee time!
best be there Wednesday for my game opener!!
As soon as Hudler said "here comes Hoch" I got nervous!
Nothing makes me LOL more than gangster rappers giving second verse shoutouts to
"Almost Famous"-fab movie, weird title IMHO. & Kate-Hudson-in-shades DVD cover weird too. Teen son had no idea, thought was a chick flick.
Oh my gosh...i hate standing :p my legs are literally throbbing!!
DEFENESTRATE (deh FEN es trate) throw out of widow KEY: DEFEND THE STREET LINK: DEFEND THE STREET.THROW THINGS OUT OF WINDOWS at invaders.
Caffeine withdrawals? That keeps my coke habit going.
“You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose." -Dr. Seuss
Some people need a beer or a cocktail after work...I want some Chunky Monkey!
We love you , too! RT : NP! I love #Blastoff! And saving $$!!
he won in 3
It might be the wine talking, but I'm so glad I got to see & today for some lady time. Made my week. xo
haha! I've definitely had a similar situation. Didn't realize the back window was down as I belted out a song
Cheesa is AWFUL. Cee-Lo effed up by saving her.
it is one of my favorite horror films ever. It is SCARY AS FUQQ
I would say the #Angels are further below par than my beloved I'm not too upset with how the Crew is doing thus far.
Mayor Gray: “Now is the time to spring to collective action as One City in order to build Our City.”
Youre one expensive gal!
nun Just Got A HairCut
whats up guys?
And he just a screamed in my ear .
Well hey there twitter, haven't seen you in a while. Tell me, what new adventures have you been on since the last time we met?
We’ll have Jewish yoga , but you can keep the flow by registering 4 ROUTES by tmrw to win $100 worth of classes!
Judging by Super Bowl wins, Rodgers.
Definitely the former of the two.
But at the same time I just want this week to be over with already.
I'm sure it would be. But support can come from teachers, friends, mentors, siblings. Instilling good study habits is important
we should talk trying to get out there
is ready 4 church @ th nursing home 2morow night all blessings :)
Thanks! When's your's?
“: Nobody Likes BORING Sex<U+E40E>”says the virginboy
goodnight everyone! :)
So many new friends and followers after just ONE week with #yeahwrite . What a beautiful, supportive community!
It’s a neat enough thing to forgive multi-tweets! :·)
how did it take me this long to discover the joys of wearing sweatpants?
Well for me it is I did Nia this am and since it is cardio I breath through my mouth so I stop sneezing!!
Hey shawtys merry christmas
In the studio with ;D
I love you too.
Holy crap! Totally nightmare inducing and years of therapy for the child that gets that "gift".
and it pisses my wife right the fuck OFF!
i do follow (:
In a pretty good mood today. Much better than yesterday. But i am tired.
How is it that instragr.am links became synonymous with "do not click"?
hope Mr is doing well?
Hahaha not on me duh lol i mean cuz u sweat alot it could happen
I just got back from seeing The Artist. HIGHLY RECOMMEND! I am officially in love with Jean DuJardin! GO SEE THIS MOVIE!
Ion feel good my tummy hurt.my head hurt.i wish i could lay down no thinking
just returned from opening night for the Chittagong run of Mama Mia!
thank you for the mentions
Solid weekend of gigging...now downtime.
Great seeing you, as always!
I'm the same way. Math is torture, but I'm quite good at it. Maybe it's a girl thing?
good luck and use lots of big smart words!
Did you know Yoko is on Twitter?
oh put it under the tree and wait :-)
same here
Most endangered list...... Slate Seed Company, #south boston
I'm a big fan of Cahors!
a local heavy show that one of my best friends is playing
Saw a man with a tramp stamp on his back today...thats a first for me!! Does this mean he is bi or gay or is this a normal thing nowadays?
solid tweet hahahahaha
RT At Goulds Park .. Making Moves .. Come and Show Your Support
Join us at Expo Transporte 2011 at Guadalajara, Mexico. We will be located in "Salon Guadalajara G726" See you there!!!
Calling this a nite! Sweet dreams all
Just finished week 1 day 1 of #C25K with ! Running for a cause with
ooh okay &yeah ikr! I try soo hard but its not easy
What will you be serving on Christmas day?
Yesterday sucked, today sucked.... Tomorrow is probably gonna suck.
That was all the way back in 1989
#FF if you know what's good for you... (Joe Pesci voice)
thats why I couldn't get ahold of her! Lol do you want me to send you the message instead?
not bad its like 65 degrez in boston but cold as fuc in maine ill be back soon tho
Harley Davidson (slogan, "No Cages") is the only motorcycle worthy of the #UFC Octagon (itself, a cage). :)
following some of my daughters' friends.... why not? ... let's get Jet an account!
some of them are
seems like u have some baddies messing with u on twitter? What's up with that?
Well it's mutual!
Probably not going to be back before 2pm oh well my work will deal
chill son. I wasn't cheering for them. My squad is out. So I'm rooting for , he'll get a ring before does.
well, that day sucked.
Energy makes the world go round.Gas, solar, wind, or oil, our future depends on some kind of energy source to drive innovation & prosperity.
The weather in Boston is exactly the same as in Bogotá
Lebron is going in the hole on every chance he gets. One thing the bulls would have brought to this matchup was a big men in the paint
Taking a break on drums and moving on to tracking some guitar today... photos and more soon.
chilly homey u
- how can you lose?
You just accepted it O3O
Looks like folks @ Kamehameha in Hawaii are having a great time w/ Jaimie this week!
Why is Michelle Bachmann always in the picture, literally! Media______!
YES GOD BLESS YOU SMITTY
I Don't Carry Chump Change. All I Carry Is Faces.
I Take Her out 2 Eat And Shit Then I Let Her Eat My Dick She Said Its Her Favorite.Webbie.Finna Fuck U.Release.Yesterday.Problems Bitch.
how are you feeling?!
i love you <3
Birthed that thing thru pain & travail! Had NO IDEA what I was doing. Ear to the Father & lots of encouragement from
570/4963 bubble just bursted still in it to win it....7.3k for first...not bad for 11 bucks...
sorry I sent an unfinished text and couldn't reply to yours. My phone is all frozen and jacked up
All true wisdom is found on my T-shirts.
Been real busy moving tweeps!!! Be back soon <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
All the Facebook talk can be overwhelming so stick to the basics. Make sure you have a Facebook "like" box on your website!!
You are in charge of your own good time
Oh bother...now I have to deal with a corrupt file. Will I ever finish this project?
open for dinner tonight?
lmfao it said it in the movie
Fed a giraffe and went to Karen Blixen's house-turned-museum; also set of "Out of Africa" w Redford and Streep! And made another friend!
#questionsthatdontgetanswers..r u going to eat that? i can't stop eating jackson's ozzie rolls with honey butter..addictive
about to take a mega nap w/ the holy blanket. The trip was a great one!
The best feeling is knowing some people in your life will be your friend forever, no matter where they are, and what they are doing.
Beez in the trap.
It's tiffany follow me I'll follow back :)
No one can hand you your Courage, but once you find it, not a soul on earth can take it away.
Our auction last night was a huge success. We had right at 350 lots for sale. Our next auction is on 6-7-2011
I was in joliet
No, the problem is the intersection of very smart people and very stupid people.
finding people on twitter is a process
What's happening?
YES. ME TOO. OMG, speaking of himym.. the last one that just came out.. i freakin' cried. barney was so heartbroken. :(
I'm so tired! I don't wanna go to work
I sense a little Michael Jackson coming on!
1976: Paul Lynd. A Jersey Turnpike comfort station. Evening.
room 137 in the union
I've changed.I've really really changed. I don't know if my mind still wants to be my friend. Thoughts?
I shit you not, my lodger has watched Flashdance twice in 24hrs..she s 31!
great piece on Seau Silver.
hey this is just the fanpage! Hit him up
thank you for stopping in!! great to see you!
2 hours to game time!! Let's do this #mubb!!!!
Also made me glad I didn't bother him the one time I saw him in public, since he doesn't seem to want fans (can't blame him)
Was there one particular thing that happens that made you realize your calling?
we care so much about famous peoples lives Who they date? What they do? Instead of carrying what there doing we should worry about ourselfs.
Tea parties lead to fatcats and mad hatters.
We had our biggest traffic day ever today. So big the site went down. Thank you to all of our customers.
We are all just an amalgamation of coping mechanisms hardened into something like a personality.
or rather, I'll let everyone and their dog know. ;)
Can we schedule a call toward the end of the week? Have questions about restaurant partnerships & equity.
Am I missing??? RT : oh where, oh where has gone? oh where, oh where can he be?
